DREADFUL HURRICANE OFF MAZATLAN.

The following important communication has been received
at New Orleans via Vera Cruz, by the United States cutter,
Woodbury :—__

" Consulate of the United States of America,
" MAZATLAN, Nov. 6.

" Sir,—l have to inform you that one of the most violent
hurricanes took place on the Ist instant within the recollec-
tion of the oldest inhabitants. The whole of the shipping was
lost, and driven on shore.

" The following American vessels were wrecked and driven
on shore, viz. : _ _ _

" Brio. Griffin, Boston, totally wrecked, with loss of captain ;
brig Mary, New York, totally wrecked, with loss of second
mate and steward ; brig Splendid, of New York, driven on
shore, and bas been condemned, and will be sold on account
of whom it may concern ; brig Indus, of New York, driven
on shore, and since got off, and will probably be repaired
sufficiently here to enable her to proceed to a port for further

repairs.
" I have 45 destitute American seamen on my hands, one
half of the number badly wounded, without clothing or any
of the comforts of life. I have actually beQn obliged to fur-
nish clothing from my own wardrobe, not being able to find
any ready made in the place.
" The want of time prevented me from giving the details
of this unfortunate occurrence to the department of State by
this post, having been employed both day and night saving
the wrecks, &c. _ _

" I have the honour to be your obedient servant,
JOHN PARROTT.
" Win. D. Jones, Esq., United States Consul, Mexico."

THE DUCHESS OF WURTEMBERG.
PARIS, FRIDAY. -I have just seen a communication from
one of the most distinguished confidents of his Majesty, Louis
Philippe. It is a billet written this morning in haste, an-
nouncing that the news from the young and interesting Duchess
of Wurtemberg, received last night, was of an alarming de-
v..:ription, and that the information added by the estafette this
morning is such as to remove almost every hope. It describes
the sorrow of Louis Philippe to be most poignant, to which his
excellent consort adds the still more harrowing feelings of a
mother at the prospect of losing a favourite daughter. Al-
though the writer of the note in question is a courtier, there
is something too unstudied and too graphic in his description
to allow one to doubt for an instant how heart-rending is the
grief of the Royal family. Surrounded on all sides by false
friends, impelled by mere interest, and by enemies the most
persevering and implacable, that family has drawn every day
closer links of the most unbounded affection. There is little rea-
son to doubt that this distressing news will soften very much the
asperity of the French Press towards the real directing head of
the governini power. Not only will it restrain writers from
that reference for public bienseance as regards feelings which,
amidst their faults, no nation maintain more rigidly than the
French, but the young and interesting Duchess was looked
upon as a flower whose lovely and captivating qualities were
due to the soil of la belle France, in which she grew, and of
whom it behoved all Frenchmen to be proud, as they are of
all that belongs to their native land. The dying Princess, by
studying and excelling in the arts, as shown in her admirable
statue of Joan of Arc, took the feelings of the nation, wor-
shippers of art even unto fanaticism, by their most accessible
side. Artists and poets, receiving the guileless praise of one,
herself so gifted as well as so affable, exhaled their flattered
amour propre in sincere encomiums, which circulated through
all classes of Eau nation. Their French Majesties have eight
children at th ) moment living—the Dukes of Orleans, Ne-
mours, the Prince de Joinville, Dukes of Aumale and Mont-
pensier, the Queen of Belgium, the dying Princess, and the
still unmarried Princess Clementine. But they have already
experienced great bereavement at an early period of their
married life, having lost a child three months old, another
of two years, and one of seven years of age. The Duchess
Alexander of Wurtemberg is in the flower of age, being only
in her t6th year.

ASSASSINATION of LORD NORBURY.

The victim is no more. Lord Norbury died about
twAve o'clock last Thursday. A Leinster paper has
the following particula:s :
" The Surgeon-General arrived from Dublin on Wed-
nesday, and extracted two swan-drops from the ;eft breast,
but the lungs ha'ing been perforated by two slugs, and his
Lordship being in a very weak state, it was impossible to
proceed with any further operation—indeed, the Surgeon-
General was of opinion that be could not long survive.
Doctor Pierce from the commencement rendered the most
prompt attention, and had very little hopes of his Lord-
ship's recovery.

t‘ A man who had been in the employment of the Earl
of Norbury, as watchman, and who was discharged fur
misconduct, about five weeks since, has been arrested by
Mr. T. Howard, C.C., Tullamore, (having received a de-
scription of the assassin from Lord Norbury's steward)
without any previous knowledge of the man. The person
charged has been committed to Tullamore gaol, for further
examination."

On Friday an inquest was had. The steward was
examined, and described the murder, but nothing elicited
beyond what has already appeared. The Jury found a ver-
dict of " Wilful Murder against some person or persons
u:.known."
The Lords Justices have issued a Proclamatiou for the
discovery of the murderer, viz.:-
5001. for prosecuting to conviction the person who fired
the shot. _ _ _

3001. for such information as would lead to conviction.

200/. for private information.
Lord Oxmantown, the Lieutenant of the King's County,
has addressed a circular to the Magistrates, requesting
them to meet next Thursday, " To consider the measures
proper to be adopted, in consequence of the atrocious out-
rage committed on the person of the Earl of Norbury."
The preceding statement comprises all the facts posi-
tively known. The Dublin Evening Mail of Friday,
recklessly and falsely observes that the crime of murder,
and particularly the murder of Lord Norbury, has been
" connived at, if not encouraged, by the Government." It
adds, that it has been " undisguisedly recommended by the
priests and the demagogues," and "shamefully advocated
by a certain portion of the Press, supposed to reflect the
opinions of the leaders of the party."
The brutality—nay, the madness of this language, ob-
serves the Post, need not be pointed out. " What (con-
tinues our Ministerial Contemporary), were there no mur-
ders committed in Tory times, still more frightful—the
Sheehan murders iu Tipperary—the murder of the Franks
in Cork—the catastrophe at Wild Goose Lodge, in the
County of Louth—and did it ever occur, in the fierce Op-
position of the day, to charge the Government with abetting
and encouraging these frightful enormities ?
What a set of rascals these people are—nay, what a
gang of fools. They even cry out for Martial Law ! They
might as well cry out for a war with Louis Philippe, or the
Czar Nicholas.

Theft appears to be on the increase in Berlin.
According to the latest returns.there are now no less than
500 individuals in prison for robberies of various kinds, and
the number increases weekly. The greater part of the pri-
soners are under 20 years of age.

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING JANUARY 7, 1839.

From the quarterly account of the revenue, which
appears in another part of 7he Sun, it will be seen
that, so far from there being a falling off in the quar-
ter just ended, as the Tory Journalists have exultingly
been anticipating, the national income exceeds that of
the corresponding quarter of 1837, by upwards of half
a million. The principal increase is in the Customs,
which department shows a balance of 331,110/. in
favour of the last quarter. The amount of increase in
the Excise is 36,5261. Under the heads " Taxes"
and " Miscellaneous," the increase is respec-
tively 7,6611. and 6,166/. Crown lands are stated at
40,0001., but there was no such item in the
December quarter of the previous year, this source of
revenue not having been inserted in the quarterly ab-
stract until April last. Imprest and other moneys, not
included in the ordinary revenue, and consisting in
part of repayments of advances for public works,
amount to 160,3451.

The decrease on the quarter is 34,2771., viz.,
28,277/. in the Stamps, and 11,000/. in the Post-
office.

The general result exhibits an increase of 547,3311.
on the quarter, and of 1,075.2031. on the year.

By the packet-ship Oxford, which arrived at Liver-
pool yesterday, in eighteen days, from New York, we
have received most important news from Mexico and
the Canadas. On the 27th of November the French
fleet, in the Gulf of Mexico, took Vera Cruz, after an
engagement of three hours, in which the Mexicans lost
from 400 to 500 men killed, while on the side of
the French only four men are stated to have
fallen. The heavy loss of the Mexicans was
occasioned by the blowing up of the fortress
and Castle of San Juan de Ulloa, deemed by the gar-
rison impregnable. The details will be found at length
in another part of The Sun.
The news from the Canadas derives a painful
interest, from an account of another attack on
the peaceable inhabitants by a body of " Sympa-
thisers," near Sandwich, in which the blood of 18
Loyalists was wantonly shed. Of the rebels, who
were about 250 in number, four only were killed, the
rest taking to their heels at the first approach of dan-
ger. Such atrocities are the inevitable result of the
infamous system of pretended neutrality pursued by
the American frontier authorities.

We learn from the North Cheshire Reformer that
the Town Council of Stockport has resolved, by only
one dissentient voice, to petition Parliament for the
repeal of the Corn-laws. Other towns will, we trust,
follow that example. It is obvious that the landlords
mean to resist the repeal to the utmost, and it will re-
quire all the exertions of the manufacturing and com-
mercial classes, backed by the strongest arguments, to
succeed. Strong as is the cause of the abolitionists in
reason and justice, astounding as are the facts that
have been disclosed, and certain as is the comparative
decay of the country, unless the laws which curtail the
supply of food and stop the increase of the population
be repealed, still the Corn-law supporters are so
strong in corrupt influence, they are so intertwined with
the money interest, with the priesthood, and with other
bodies, that to defeat them will be an arduous task.
We are sure of success if the inhabitants of the towns
zealously unite, but they must not hope for it unless
they are both zealous and united.
Mr. GREG'S expression, that manufactures owe no
allegiance to the soil, meaning no allegiance tothose who,.
by the instrumentality of the soil, tax the manufactu-
rer's bread, instead of exciting apprehension of national
decay by the manufacturers running away, in order to
escape the tax, only provoked a little censure, as
suggesting the possibility that the plunderers might
be defeated. Those who passed the censure, seem
to have forgotten that the manufacturers would,
in chat case, only imitate many of the landowners
themselves. One of the greatest of them—the Duke
of BUCCLEUCH—who, according to the Morning
Chronicle, has lately raised the rents of his estates
20 per cent., is recently gone to the Continent, to
nurse his princely income. Hundreds, perhaps thou-
sands, of the landlords have continually acted on the
same principle since the peace ; and, having made
bread and all kinds of living dear here, they have gone
to France, Germany, and Italy, to make the incomes
they extort by the Corp-laws from a starving people go
further. They have imposed a heavy burden on the coun-
try, but have run away to escape their share of it. In
removing their establishments from Manchester to
Chemnitz, or from Birmingham to Eberfeld, our
manufacturers will only follow the example of the
landlords, with this difference, that the latter go abroad
to swill foreign wines largely, and revel in foreign
luxuries, while the latter go abroad that they may
prosecute with success an honourable branch of art
and industry.

The Manchester Guardian, which, by quoting
only brief and isolated passages from Mr. STEPHENS'
speeches, and commenting on them, while it kept the
public in the dark as to the character and religious in-
fluence of the man, has been the chief author of the
legal attack so unfortunately, as we think, directed
against that gentleman, has taken us to task for " our
extravagant stories respecting that town and neighbour-
hood." We see that the North Cheshire Reformer,
the Liverpool Chronicle, and sundry other Provincial
Papers of that neighbourhood, copy our reports of the
proceedings at Manchester, instead of taking their cue
arid their accounts from the Guardian. Our exertions
and our reports have lessened its influence in its own
neighbourhood, and convinced those who were too
much in the habit of relying on it, that staid solemn
pompousness is notsynonimous with truth and exertion.
We can pardon, therefore, the somewhat splenetic attack
of the Guardian, resulting from the diminution of its im-
portance and value, while we are prepared to show its
incorrectness.

There have been spontaneous meetings at Brad-
ford, Stockport, Manchester, Oldham, Bolton, Ashton,
Stalevbridge, and a considerable number of other
places in the neighbourhood, all within one week after
the arrest of Mr. STEPHENS, a dissenting parson,
with an income of 2001. a-year. Is this no proof
of excitement ? The Magistrates appointed Tuesday
fir his re-examination, but postponed it till Thursday

because, as was stated, and not denied, they were fear-
ful of the consequences of bringing him up on new-
year's day. Was this no proof of excitement ? What
would be thought in London, if the arrest of some
dissenting minister were to raise public meetings all
over the country ? Why were Bow-street officers and
troops of dragoons employed to arrest Mr. STEPHENS,
if there was no excitement or apprehension ? The
Chronicle of to-day tells us, that there is no reason to
be alarmed for Manchester, because there is an im-
posing military force in the neigbourhood, consisting of
six troops of the Queen's Bays, a regiment of infantry,
and a rocket brigade. Why was it drawn to that
spot if other persons did not fully share our opinion ?
In fact the complete command under which the people
act, and avoid all kinds of outrage, while they
show a deep sympathy for Mr. STEPHENS, as the
Spectator remarks, is one of the most dangerous
features of the times. If there were not 100,000 men
collected in Manchester on Thursday to support Mr.
STEPHENS, is was, we are well assured, because the
leaders told them to stay at home. The Manchester
Guardian has been so long accustomed to the vision of
burning mills, and slaughtered factory owners, conjured
up by its own fancy, that it has no notion of excitement
unles!. it hear the whistling of balls, and see Manchester
in a blaze. We have adduced, we think, circumstantial
proof enough to confirm all our own observations, and
the observations of our Reporter, conceiving that ex-
citement does not mean outrage and murder, but strong
feeling, prompting masses of men to unwonted activity
and exertion. Whatever coolness may distinguish the
Editor of the Guardian, the facts that the manufac-
turers of Manchester and its neighbourhood are not
flourishing—that the people are arming themselves
with pikes and guns—that they are all organized,
and move obedient to the call of a few selected
leaders—that these leaders are not the master-manufac-
turers and gentlemen of the neighbourhood, for whom
judging by the hisses they put forth opposite to the
Chamber of Commerce, we regret to see that they have
no attachment, and that the Bible supplies warrants
in Lancashire for recommending murder and rebellion
—these facts have excited considerable alarm in almost
every part of the empire.
We might congratulate the Guardian and its abet-
tors on their temporary success against Mr. STE-
PHENS and his friends, if we looked no further than
this day, but we want to know how the congregated
masses of this country, are to be ultimately governed ?
Are they to be reduced to complete slavery, or are
they to be free ? Year after year the estrangement be-
tween them and the governing classes, has gone on in-
creasing—year after year has their hatred to our
institutions, and to all legal authority, augmented—
year after year has there been a pressing neces-
sity felt by those who held the reins, to extend
more and more, in consequence of that feeling, the
system of coercion, till we are to have stipendiary
magistrates and an armed police all over the country.
Where and when is the system to stop? Day after
day, let who will be in power, we see it extending, and
the arrest of Mr. STEPHENS, for some spoken words,
for time avowal of au opinion, however erroneous,
which might perchance operate on the vast in-
flammable mass of concentrated hatred, is its latest
act. Believing, for our parts, that it is impos-
sible to hold the masses in this state of slavery—im-
possible to controul them for ever in opposition to
their feelings and their interests—convinced that this
system must end in their extirpation—horrible thought I
—or in a bloody revolution—we deeply regret to see
this offspring of Tory misrule nourished and matured
by those professing Liberal principles, from whose
ascendancy we had fondly anticipated the gradual re-
demption and ultimate salvation of the State.

We have received this morning the verdict of the
Court of Assizes of the Department of the Seine, in
the long-pending trial of " GISQUET V. the ilfcs-
sager," which has afforded ample employment for all
the gossips in Paris, ail(' all the Administrators in
France, for the last fortnight. The proceedings lay
bare a system of official villainy which would be pro-
nounced a libel on humanity were we indebted solely
for its exposition to the paces of a modern romance ;
and as the whole trial exhibits, in a marked degree, those
peculiarities which make up a national rather than
an individual character, we doubt not the report
which we have given—ample as it may appear—will
be read with interest. M. GISQUET'S letter is a
romance in itself—a romance which none but
a Frenchman could write, and of which none
but a Frenchwoman could he the heroine. M.
GISQUET, at the mature age of forty-six—
the father of a grown family—a Magistrate, a Deputy,
and a Member of the Council of State—admits that
" not feeling those sweet emotions" in the society cf
his wife, " which are the charm of existence," and
" wanting food for the sensations of the heart,"
formed a connection with an infamous strumpet,
whose mottle' and friends he corrupted by bribe::,
obtained by the scandalous misappropriation of
his official patronage ; and afterwards wishing
to get rid of her, has the audacity to seek
to implicate a respectable married lady in the disgrace
of an intrigue with him, in order to procure materials
for a quarrel with a woman, whom he failed to
drive from him by blows ! The appearance of the pro-
secutor in the Court was calculated to excite pity in
all who were proof against stronger feelings. With
the mein of a crest-fallen culprit looking the personi-
fication of shame, mortification, fear, and despair, there
sat the mighty and despotic ex-Prefect of Police, who
but one short year ago held the office of guardian of public
morality and decorum—the terror of evil-doers, espe-
cially among the more unfortunate of the female sex—
convicted on his own evidence, of plundering the
public to support the extravagance of a woman of the
most abandoned character. The verdict of the Jury
excited surprise, as well it might ; but to the honour
of the Government we record the fact that such a
verdict was not called for by the Attorney-General.
he Court awarded the minimum amount of damages ;
so that in reality the Messager has obtained a
signal triumph. As for M. GIsQuET he is doomed
to sink into that obscurity from which he never
ought to have emerged. The KING has already
stricken his name out of the list of Councillors of
State, and deprived his son-in-law of the public em-
ploy.nent which he held. As M. GISQUET is said
not to be more criminal than many other public
functionaries in France,
his example may serve as
a warning to some of his late colleagues.

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday have
all been received. They bring the Address of the
Committee of the Chamber of Deputies, in answer to
the Speech from the Throne, a copy of which will be
found in another column. In this document the triumph
of the Opposition is proved complete. The para-
graphs relative to Spain, and the evacuation of An-
cona, embody the foreign political system of M.
THIERs-at the same time that they gravely censure
the conduct of Count MOLE and his colleagues.
There is no news of any political moment from
Spain.
We regret to announce that the recovery of the
Duchess of Wurtemberg (Princess MARY of Orleans)
is again pronounced hopeless.

Lisbon mails, to to the 31st ult., inclusive, have
reached us this morning. The country continued
tranquil. The debates in the Cortes were remarkably
temperate, as no question of interest engaged the atten-
tion of the Chambers.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.

_,~.

CITY ( THIS DA Y), 7' WEL VP '.l'r c
We have received Jamaica papers to the 4th December.
(From the Jamaica Mail.)
A meeting of the Privy Council was held at the Queen's
House, in Spanish Town, on Tuesday. Several rules and
regulations for the government of the prisons were agreed to,
and directed to be published for general information.
THE ELECTIONS.

MANCHESTER.—The old members have been returned with-
out opposition.
DAVID'S.—The old members, we have no doubt, will
be returned on Thursday. Westmoreland will be strongly
contested.
ST. MARY'S.—There are four candidates in the field. It
is thought by the knowing ones that the first, Faireweather
and Mr. Batty, will be ieturned.
. . _ _ .

POkTI.AND.-:-.WC believe there is no doubt as to Mr. An •
dersou and Mr. Jones being the representatives.
ST. JOHN'S.—We have nothinmr, certain.
ST. T11014A5-IN-THE- \TALL—There will be a contest in this
parish.
The Pigeon packet, and the mail.boat from La Guayra, had
not arrised at St. Thomas'son the 21st October, but was
hourly expected. Business at that island was dull, but it was
anticipated would revive dUring the months of November and
December. Exchange at that place, 490 to 495 dollars per
100/.

The coffee crops at Porto Rico were expected to be good,
and early in market.
The season has been better and more favourable to the agri-
cultural districts of the island this year than it has been for the
last six or seven years, but unfortunately from the high price of
labour and indisposition on the part of the new made freemen
to be engaged, the planters and pen keepers have been unable
to avail themselves of it for any, profitable purpose. There is
an immense deal of planlation and pen work to be done.
The intelligence from the north side is interesting. We
are gratified at learning from the Cornwall Chronicle that
during the past week on some estates near the town of Mon-
tego lay, and in other parts of the parish, free labour has gone
on with good feeling.
Extract of a letter from St. Thomas's in the East :

" I regret to inform you that the whole of the Morant people
have struck work in consequence, it is said, of Mr. James
*William being appointed attorney for the absentee pro-
prietors of that property."
Cap. of Good Hope Papers to the 25th Oct. state that the
pro,pects of the juvenile emigrants sent out by the Children's
Friend's Society was favourable. The conduct of the children
had be :n very good, and serious offences among them were of
rare occurrence. _

Demerara papers received to the 20th of. November.—The
intricate and difficult question respecting the currency had
been brought to a favourable decision. The labouring popu-
lation are represented as being tranquil, and they were work-
ing well.
We have received the Journal of Commerce of Antwerp of
yesterday's date. They state from Brussels that M. the Count
Merode is to proceed to Paris with a mission from the Go •
vernmeut.

LIOGE, FEB. 4. —The organization of the Civic Guard hts
been formed at Liege. Sunday last the Captains of the four
legions were convoked by their respective Colonels for their
definitive enrollment.

AccL nits received at Nimeguen state that for several days
past tl e Prussians have arrived in the villages on the frontier.
Althcegh they were expected, their arrival is not as as yet con-
firmed. The Belgium advanced posts are at look, two leagues
from Nimeguen.
We have numerous arrivals this morning from all parts of
the globe, and up to the present time only a part of the post
has been delivered. The chief intelligence is from the United
States, by the packet ship Orford, which sailed on the 20th.
The American Papers bring the surrender to the French Ad-
miral of the strong castle of San Juan de Ulloa, after a bombard-
ment of four hours. The letters from America hate not as yet
been received. The news from Canada is of a favourable de-
scription, the rebels have been defeated in their late attempt
to invade Canada, and disper:;ed. One of the chiefs of the
rebels has been hung.

The Lisbon and India mails are not as yet delivered.
Consols which left off on` Saturday, at 941 for the opening,
may be quoted at present, 041 ,4; Reduced 93a ; Exchequer
Bills 66 68 ; Bank Stock 2021 2034.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active 17k 1; Portuguese
331; Three per Cents 211 ; Brazilian 77/ 8; Belgian
004 4 ; Colombian 25 26 ; Mexican 24 ; Dutch Two.and-
a- Half per Cents 54i 4 ; Five per Cents 101 i 102.
PRICES OF STUCkS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 203 India Stock

3 per Cent. Red. 9334 %% Ditto Bonds
3 per Cent. Cons. 9 ',43,, % South Sea Stock
3,0 per Cent — Old Annuities
Dit'o Red. lOO v4,,X New Ditto
N..w 334 per Cent 10u34 14 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
Ishw 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities to ex pi re Ditto 500
Jan. 5, 1860 — Ditto Small .. 68 66 pm
Oct. 10, 1859.
Jan. 5, 186.1 14% Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, 188, Bank Stock for Account —
April 5, 189(1 — India Stock for Account
Jan. 5, 1870 — • Consols for Account 91%14
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonde Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
• Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chili= Bonds
0 tto Account
Columbian Bonds Ditto Account ll2li
Ditto Account Ditto Metallic
Columbian Bonds, 1824 2734 Spanish Bonds
Ditto Account •2:6.74 74 % , Ditto Account .
Danish Bonds 7SN, li Ditto Bonds 1834
Ditto Account — , Ditto Accot et. ..... ......17%%ki
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent. —t: -c.
Ditto Bonds, 1t325 • 1 per cent ... ...... —f. —c.
Ditto Account . 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cen,.... Exchange.... ... ; 2 .f 40e.
Ditto Account Dutch, 24, per cent. 54% ,iN
Ditto, 6 per Cent i Ditto Account —
Ditto Account —l Ditto, 5 per cent...... 1015,', 2N 2
Neapolitan —! Ditto Account ..... .....-- 101%
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per slime.
Brazilian Imperial Mining Co. (issued at 51. pm.) :i)
• lit, St. John del Rey
,ristol and Exeter Railway Company 2l
E stern Counties lanway .. 10
!'d nhurgh and Glasgow lO
Graat Western Railway Coat any 65
....anon and Southampton (New) Railway 2O
1, -w-ion and Croydon Railway Company 2O
Ditto New Scrip
NI /lc li,stor and Birmingham 11ai1way........ ...... 10
Do. Do. Extension
N rth Midland liailway Company. 55 513's
W.rtlaing Tontine .... .
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JAN. 5.

8W.4

77)4 7

Cent.
1 per ,: Consols
3% per Ceti.. Stock
Ditto Reduced
Ditto New, MO ..... ..... 101)% City of Dublin Steam Company 11514
3 per Cent. Debentures .. 1)21A National Insurance Company—.
Bank Stock ..
Royal Canal stock ,. Ballast Office Debentures,4 per
'rand Canal Stock - cent -

HALF-PAST ONE.

Arrivals this morning. The Iberia brings mails from Be -
rout, Nov. 26 ; Alexandria; Dec. 4; Malta, Nov 27; Gibral-
tar, Dec. 27 ; Lisbon, Dec. 31 ; Vigo, Jan. 2. By the Alert,
Madeira, Sept. 20; Pernambuco, Oct. 23 ; Rio Janeiro, Nov.
18. By the Pandora, Barbadoes, Nov. 16; St. Thom4s,
Nov. 19; Jamaica, Dec. 4. Ship letters—Demerara and Rio
Janeiro, Cape of Good Hope.
The accounts from Lisbon by the mail, are not of much im-
portance. They state that the proceeds of the Lisbon Custom
House and Excise duties, as well as the Customs at Oporto,
for the last month, amount to about 68.5001. sterling, which is
a falling off from the sum collected, during the previous month.
We have received BArbadoes Papers to the 22d November,
which say that the Guiana Chronicle states that 500 seamen
have been swept off by the epidemic fever, which had been
prevailing for there last sixteen month& The disease which
had been so fatal to the seamen, had not been general in the
colony, though many respectable individuals, lately arrived
from Europe, have fallen.
Consols continue steady. At one period they reached
P2l- :rx dividend; at present not quite so good, 921 ex div. ;
Reduced also was done at 935 I, receded to 921.
The Government broker purchased six thousand Reduced
at 93i. The increase on this quarter's revenue has rather
operated in keeping the market buoyant. Exchequer Bills
rather lower, 68 66; Bank Stock, 203. _ _

In the 'FOrii,s•n Market the chief operation has been in
Mexican an:i Spanish Stocks, the former receded, in the
early part of the morring on account of the capture of the
castle of San Juan de Utica about 1:1- per cent., and may be
quoted at present 23+ 24-; Belgian, 991 ; Brazilian, 77i
78; Spanish Active, 17 Culombian, 27+ f, improved;
Dutch Two-and a• Half per Cents., 544 ; Five p7r Cents.,
101 i 2k.
In the Share Market very little doing.
12 prem. ; North Midland, 1 t prem.

Great Western,

GUILDHALL.-(THIS DAY.)

Two SIIIRPERS CAUGHT.—Two men, who gave their names Brown
and Smith, the latter describing himself as a " horse-dealer," were
brought before Sir P. LAURIE, charged with having attempted to rob a
countryman or 501. '
William Exon, who is a pork butcher, residing at Romford, gave
his account of the transaction in the following manner : I came on Satur-
day with the coach to the Saracen's Head. As I was passing St. Paul's, a
man (Brown) came up, and says," Master," says he, " what church is
that ?" " Why," says I, " that is St. Paul's." Says he, " I wish you
could spare a little time, and show me round—was you ever
in there ?" I says, " I have been in, but I can't go in
now, for I've business to do in Smithfield." Well, he kept
a following me till I came almost into sight of Smith-
field. " Then," says he to me, " Will you have a drop
of something to drink ?" I says, " I don't care if I have one glass of
gin," and went into a house with him. As soon as we got inside, he
says," What'll you have—six pen'orth of gin and water ?" I says, " I
don't care if we do." We had not been there above two or three
minutes, before two other men came in, one of whom began to say what
a wonderful sight of money had come into his hands."
Sir I'. LAURIE—But be is not here.
Complainant—No. At last says he, " Where do you come from ?"
Says I, " I come from Romford." Says he, " Have you got any poor
people much at that place ?" Says I, " I dare say we have." " Well,
then," says he, " you'll oblige me if you'll take a 51. note, and
buy 51. worth of coals, and give them to the poor there."—(Laughter.)
He then says, " Let me put a 5/. note with your money ?" I then
pulled it out, and he crambled my purse out of my hand ; and then,
thinks I, I have got into a place of thieves.—(Great laughter.) So
then I snatched my purse from him and away I goes.
Sir P. Laufm—What did the men say when you snatched the purse
from them?
Complainant—They looked very curious at one another, but I didn't
-stay a moment.
Sir P. LatratE—They paid for the gin-and-water ?
Q;;pmplainant—Yes.
Sir P. LAURIE—Then you have done them.—(Laughter.) It's a bad
spec. for them.—(Continued laughter.)
It appeared from the statemcnt of Burgess, the policeman, who has
taken a great deal of trouble in this case, that he was unable to appre.
bend the third party. On Smith a 5/. flash-note was discovered.
The Prise nen were then remanded.
