WITH KESPECT TO UVWET.SCE.

OterraToieritihoicif:itithecesagi,toryegiaritvialitidicovhadniocttatEboftaaiTaautreitieieicßernytatill:
Tho Commissioners for inquiry into the practice
of the COMMOn Law Courts, in their second Re-
port, under the heed " Verification of Documents,"
have proposed regulations, in which we entirely
eoneur, for dispel-Imeg with the formal proof of tio.
comma.

In the present stem of the law great difficulty
exists as to finding original documents, and enforcing
their production when they are required to be given
in evidence in Courts of Justice, and, in cue of their
loss, as to furnishing sufficient proof to let in -
con:lary so evidence of their contents, and as to po-
curing such evidence.
All these difficulties will be removed by a Regis.
ter, in which original documents shall be deposited.
But another inconvenience might arise. It is to be
expected that parties will frequently not avail them.
selves of their right to have a duplicate original, so
that the only original will be that in the Register
Office.
(xi.) ex con TO V&A )

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The daily accounts from Paris, and we may add
from every department of France, abound with mat-
ter of undiminished importance. To moments of
Sxultation for those brave patriots Who achieved one
behalf of their country, and, 'See 'trust in Ood, of
menkilid, a victory the most memorable in the re-
cords of any nation, there now begins to succeed,
in its netund order, a season of meditation, not utp.
mingled with anxiety, . how best to improve the ad.
vantages already gained, and to separate those means
by which society may be safely recovered from the
consequences of a terrible and stunning shock,
svell as those principles by which it may be pre-
served in the enjoyment of solid and stable hap-
pitiless, from such as have a tendency to pet-
petunte excitement, and to prolong the array of
passions and of arms, after the field is won,
and the hostile force extinguished. Our own
attention has been more immediately turned
to this second told highly critical stage in the pro-
gress of the great continental drama, from observine
that many enlightened Frenchmen have expressed,
anti continue to express, greet uneasiness with re-
gard to the course which French politics appear to
be taking. The French law of inheritance is in its
nature a republican lure,—a law not only republican,
but essentially levelling, and in the broadest sense
democratic. It may be wondered at that Buena-
parte seemed to have forgotten the incompatibility
of such an institution with the spirit of a monarchical
system. The solution is, that Buonapurte never
misunderstood the effects of that extraordinary law,
but found in it an instrument, and no weak one, for
the promotion of his peculiar policy. His was nor a
limited monarchy, which finds a support in the
aristocratic power. It was u despotism which
dreaded the creation of such a power as a check.
Nor was that of Buonaparte a civil, but altoge•
ther a military government. In his army there
were degrees enough, and chiefs, nod eubalteres,
tied no armed but equalized multitude, from
the bosom of which ail candidates for promotion
in life, that is, in the camp, were selected by
his sole authority, us :ill honours, tenolemaits,
and favours proceeded from his supreme, and
sometimes capricious, will. This armed hierarchy
was the. support of Napoleon's empire ; the nation
was but.a depot whence recruits were taken. The
aristocracy of the sword much more then neutralized
the democratic principle of the infinite subdivision of
land. An berolitery aristocracy would have rebelled
against the law of conscription as an intolerable
grievance. The latter law was facilitated, and ren-
dered it in some degree poplar, by a provision for
the descent of property, which gradually swept away
all distinctions of territorial weal di, and left the
subjects of a despot each to stand on the level of
his personal acquisitions end pretensions. But the
levelling character of this law was no longer over
powered, or in any sensible manner eounteracted;
after the downfall of the military swat of Buenas
parte. The Chamber of Peers under the Bourbons
Ives but a band of pensioners. It had no root in
the soil—no stake in the country-.-no influence over
the, people,.-.-it was neither a restraint upon the
Crown, nor a protection to it. Military pomp,
moreover, was the only pageantry in whose favour
any decided taste seems Whore survived umong the
tuition. The Court of the Bourbons was sneered
ut for its obsolete frivolity, and bated for its Cnot.!
moos expenee. The predominant and visible inch.
tuition of the Bourbon ,Otteernment was towards an
eVattoll of all such provisions of the Charter us pro-
tinned the rights of the people, and to extend those
which favoured the Royal prerogatives. Hence a
sleep and general distrust of the designs of those
Prince* and their counsellors,—hence also a dispo!
sition to constree the Charter largely in all its pro:
mised rufeguards against the Crown. hence, and
from the all-pervading influence of the demoeratizs
iog law .shove referred to, there has grown up in
Primer: within some years a strong, though, in
many caeca, eneonsciene, passion for cutting down
the, kingly authority to a point as low (if not still
more so) as would be consistent with the exers
vise of any effective power by the first met•
tive- officer of a pure republic. We blots) said
that the real import and bearing of such views
were not fully understood by those who Ons-
tortained them ; anti that it waif under cover
of an attachment to limited monarchy, and tri
the vindication of the Charter against the designs of
Charles, that the spirit of republicanism has been
indulged by u great portion of the present nice of
active Frenchmen. That such an uneotisciotisness
of the filed tendency of their own feelings did tics
welly blind a large proportion of upright, honours
able, and patriotic itidividuals among one neighbours,
would seem to be bottle out by the fact, that few or
no voices were ranted against the nominetion of
lantis-Philippe as Is.'";ng of the Free eh, and that the
word Presideet or " Republic" was not named
even in the raw, or alluded to by the press.—
There is, however, another, and not a small or weak;
party, whose representetive and elder, Lafeyette, its
givieg his accolade to the King, slid entitle the new
French Monarchy "n Republtee--" the best of
itepublics." There_ was something extramidinary
in these worths of the old enthusiast for American
democracy—in the old 'easier of the French moles
don 40702. Many persons were of Online when
Lafayette uttered them, that be applied the suit.
able and characteristic term to the mighty change
by Which the Ilourbolis of 1830 had been got rid
or. They gave eredit to the limiest veteran as
to ono who tlesptinid hypocriiy, mid seemed
to separate names from things, What, let us
ask, has been the tendency of oeis
*den, %ince the citizen King's accession, Lind sines
Lafayette used the above sincere, but somewhat
ominous langtinge ? It c
s not b come wore I,avour.,
able to the new Governmeet. 'the alleistene
several of whom are experielleed, able, and litiend
statesmen; are considered and repretiented every
where, to be men, who ought hot to be reckoned on
for strict fidelity to the Constitutional Government,
or at least , fora lull 'sympathy with the national
spirit. Their eppointments to dices tire leaked
sport as not sufficiently favourable to a ter.ovation of
Fiance. Their sufferance of some few placetnetr,
still its office, who had been tiontinated Wider the
oht system, is loudly condemned as a Criminal or
euspicietts indulgence to the public enemy. Their
he to dissolve the ChamltirN, and to poor into
one of thew a rpringgide 19f young and Yiprotts de-
mocracy, is made, matter of svrio,,,, reproach. The
King, though of molar election, is less spoliett until
thought of every they. All etiquette is completely
bettedied from his Gent and ptesetasi. The t ;tends
have been disbanded—the flower of the French
military force ; yet the people cry oat that
everything is still " too royal," mid that no
real change has biker) place hut itt the sublitis
lotion of the tri.cisliair for the Bourbon colours. It
we be asked, is there no effective aulhoritye..sne cone
trolling power within this mighty lied, on whose
""'""1 ""0" "
•s' soiri-stow Semerkitig? we anw ser
,r•lk 4. •
et once, that there is; but it is pot a tistelsettlee.
fity—uor the King in Council—not t heLegislature—
not the inagiuttiCt;-..-not the law t it is it military
irregular,' sitd•impeilectly responsible.
rhe ristional Goaritil of Frtinee, With Lafayette for
theta' chief, carry Franco on the points of their:bays
,",e,04. !nos onotinotit army comities, by u reason.
"14 ("Aintree, ft orn 800,000 to 1,000,000 of men,
soltsorgrotizettessientsenisesee,....with (Wino so fre-
iiittint as to keep them almost eonstently ender arms;
and at all events, smelt its, Witt, their degree of slits-
'eiptiett and of eeprit, cr.
tercet;' awrils,ticihedenpueorittliewert
cob:: driaisifirt'ilijitio eststattleft,faa bod;
y tl►lrtk of cuss
stoninttliettinittwiisths:ruirr
dototry
ottti
serest* in thetountry; W4l I'M i4)Va th,td:py,inestiel in"
desetibed kilt such; and shat it chore spirited,
taw, iridependeut, and admirable twdy ot
it not to be flaunt" in; civilized Kleppe. It sloes
this mitigateee-does nor greatly aggravate
possible dangers of their existence, as a seirutte;i
and sethessecened'''body ? •,is,tiot the combinee

lion or immense property with abitost countlesi
numbers, when both are plaeed in an unnatural
and fake position, a prodigious increase of the evil ?
A military monarchy is not a very enviable form of

government, for those over whom its authority is
exerted. But a military democracy is perhaps the
most to be deprecated. We have no disposition,
and no right, to question the unsullied patriotism of
the virtuous and pure Lafayette. lie might, there
is little doubt, if it so pleased hirn, have by a breath
crowned himself instead of Louis Philippe. By a
nod, he might have gained his own election as Pre-
sident for life of the French Republic. Ile is old,
to be sure, and life, even to the young, is precarious.
But the itivitutiou of the National Guard survives
what earthly power Can say to it► " You shall not
he immortd Who shall change the construction
of that gigantic hody, or tell the privates " You
-hall no longer elect your officers," or dare to bid
those officers not form " military Parliament ;" ur
that council of musket•bearing legislators ant make
war upon the Chambers, and seize the King ; or
their President not choose to be Lord Protector of

the realm ? These observationa, which are respect-
fully offered to a people whom all Englishmen have
learned to admire 111111 esteem, will not, we trust, be
deemed offensive or unseasonable. We have watelitql
the recent progress of events in France too closely,
and we take in them an interest too anxious and

profound, to have the power of restraining the tx•
uression of fears which thousands of honest men ill
both countries at this moment participate wi►h u

Since writing the above, we have received the
Paris Papers of Friday, which supply us with facts,
evincing at once the entire security of France in her
external relations, and probably the inadequate
pnwers of her 'present executive 'to control her in.
wind Orden. A telegraphic despatch has announced
that Austria and Prussia have acknowledged the
titleof Philip 1., and renewed the powers of their
Ambassadors at his Court. The King of the
Netherlands has followerhhe example, in transini:.
thug fresh credentials to his Ambassador at Paris,
near the person of the. new Sovereign. • The King
of Wurternberg has done the same j and, as soon
as the recognition of -Russia arrives, the smaller
powers will .be found running a race %Oms(' creden•
flak shall first be deliveted, or whose homage shall
be the moat fervent. 'rho Sovereigns of Spain and
Naples, whose family relations with the exiled
Monarch would naturally render them the most re-
!octant to recog,nitw the legitimacy of his successor,
would foul it rho, most dangerous to dispute his
title, or long to delay its acknowledgment. Thus
Pounce will be alloWed to .consolidate her insult*.
tutions jn the midst of friendly Powers, and will
not, as formerly, be driven to internal violence by
threats of rot eign aggression. But the advantages
of this very desirable state of her external relations

seem for the present to be c•oneterbalanced by that
domestic agitation which might naturally have been
expected to continue some time after the momentous
crisis through which she has passed. Accordingly,
we find most of the liberal journals, and all the ar
dent part of the population, expressing great
trui in the existing Chamber, and clamouring
• loudly for a new election. Why this dissa••
tisfaction should exist, or this change be de-
sired, it is difficult for the Mends of order to guess,
Without saying that the existing Chamber ! has
shown too great nit eagerness to entertain projects of
popular ionovation, it will be generally allowed thes
it has net been very obStinate in maintaining old
ablises ter resisting pleusible improvements. It is
apprehended, therefore, that the party which claw
mours for a dissolution and a new election wish to
realise more completely their doctrine of the sove-
reignty of the people, by urging the new Deputies
to abolish the Peers, arid to place further restiletions
on the already feeble executive. To show that this
alarm is not peculiar to persons in this country, and
ie not the cant of French Royalists, we need only
quote; the following passage from an elaborate ea tide
in the Jourvd des
.Debrils of Friday--a Paper which
has applauded the late glOrious revolution us much
as.any liberal journal of Purr. " The question of
the di solution of the Chamber is the very question
of our future fate. • Two parties are beginning to
form, and to take a hostile attitude. One, sincerely
rallying around the new dynasty and the Charter, is
not of opinion, ! litcause there has been a revolution,
that this revolution has reduced every thing to
ashes, things and men, laws and legislators, and
made France merely a heap of ruins.- Far from
so thinking, the revolution in its object, in its true
spirit, is iu the eyes of. this party regarded far more
eonservative than destruc;ive„ It overthrew a

dynasty, but only to preserve the laws—it expelled
men, only to save things. It has done what the re.
storation should have done, by estubli.hieg a ma-
narchy truly constitutional. What is wanted, then,
is not to re.etente society, us in 1780, but to prose.
cute henceforth in security the development of our
institutions. Above all, it is necessary to re-esta-
blish and consolidate order. The other party, mis-
understanding the origin and the character of the re•
volution of 1830, makes it an insurrection, not parr
tial but general—not for the laws, but against the
laws. The. men of this party wititt.a complete sub.
version, an ideal regeneration. The Charter of 1830
is in their eyes only a transitory law. Nothing that
km been ought to be. No more conditions of cli.
1411)44—no more hereditary Peers;-...democracy
every where, a nominal Royalty, a sove-
reigety disseminated to the last extreme, leaving it'to
Prance to exti icate herself as she may from the
chaos. I do not say that all who compose this party
wish fur all these thing► ; but 1 affirm that there are
among them some who wish for more. This party
now calls for. the dissolution of the Chamber. That
iv necessary. to it ; and that point obtained, it will
divide, end we shall see re.commeueed, under other
names, and between other men, a contest which will
terminate in anarchy. When laws are made and un-
made without end, there no longer are laws. The
law of to•duy will not be held more sacred than that
of te-morrow. Those who dismiss one Chamber
will be ready enough to dismiss another. Some in-
triguers ;Ind some desperate men will seize for their
own benefit the sovereignty of the people." It is

- -
,not unimportant to mention, as connected withthis
subject, that various revolutionary Journnals (which
are now published without having given the legal
securities, and which the Minister of Justice cannot
irately prosecute), and some influential societies, are
at present directing all their energiei 'to bring about
anew appeal to the nation in Its present state of
excitement. The Moniteur tells us, that on Wed.
Headily the Prefect of the Police seized copies of a
paper published without the author's or printer's
Harm:, " calling upon the National Guards, the
holds of workshops, and workmen, to unite to over.?
throw the Chamber of Deputies." The presumed
authors are to be prosecuted; but the provocation
will probably be continued in some other shape. The
dere), of the Catholic Church, which was formerly
that of the State, are threatened not oily with the loss
'of that consideretien which formerly belonged to
them front their (Akira situation, but with the abo
titian of the salaries which are paid out of the bud-
get, This menace, which is repeated in severe!
jonrnals, must have a tendency to array against the
new order of thing's, all that power which the prieSt
derives front this limited fund of religion which in•
fidelity has left in France. The proceedings in the
Chamber of Peers are of no great importance. The
Bill for repealing the infamous few of sacrilege has
passed that Chamber. by tt majority of 98 to 5,
The other Chamber had no sitting on Thursday,
The Cons/fie/unmet contains a statement respecting
the negotiations on the subject of Algiers, to which
we Cannot give credit. It tells us that the French
Government has declared to ours, that " the con-
fittest of Algiers by a French army, was the result
of a war legitimately undertaken by'- France; that
no late, divine or human, was opposed to the reten-
tion of this conquest, if the King of the French
thought it for the interests of his kingdom to keep
Possession of it, and that he was- reedy 'to use the
Pctwi,rs intrusted to him to maintain his rights,
%Iseult! they be attacked or disregarded." hi is "Ili

improbable that such menaces should have bten pro
voked by the conduct of the Eng Hilt Government
or tlnt such thodomontade should have been in.
Bulged in by the sensible Sovereign of France.—
frimec

It is impossible for any one to look into, a news•;,
paper published in any parr of the country without
perceiving that the recent events in France havd,
everywhere produced the strongest impression ot►
the people, and given to them a confidence to which
they Were berme a.stranger. This proves that the
French really fought the battle of the people of
every country. The higher ranks of this country
have generally manifested great reluctance to meet
the people since the French, Revolution. The
people, however, have not lost any thing by ibe-
absence of the great front the meetings which have
everywhere been held to give expression to their
feelings on this great event. We regret our inabi
lity to give insertion to a tithe of the reports of these
meetings. The higher ranks of this country would
do well to profit in time by the significant warnings
which are given to them by almost every speaker.
At the Leicester meeting on Monday last, at which.
Mr. Paget, the popular conlidate for the county
presided, one of the speakers, Mr. Brewin, observed:

" het our aristocracy take warning from the instructive
lessons which the history of France in every page holds up
to them ; it is yet in their power, by. timely concession,
to preserve their fortunes, their homes, and their tithes;
and to gain, in addition to them, the affection and esteem
of their countrymen ; but, if incapable of deriving instrue..
tion from the events which arc passing before them, they'
obstinately shut their eyes to these signs of the times which
are thickly gathering
,around them, and persist in exer-
' cising an arbitrary poiver in their own right, instead of
receiving it at the hands of the people, I venture to pre-
. duct, that ere many years shall pass, not a vestige of No.!
hilisy will be left in England..--(Cries of the sooner it is
done away with. the better!')--Do not 'mistake me.
am not speaking (continued Mr: Brewin) of a thing to he
accomplished by .active violence, but of that which must be
the inevitable result of circumstances. Let us not quarrel,
abort namea. Titles and ribhands are the toys of children ;
when -separateWfrom the power to injure, such puerilities
may safely be left to those who can be amused by them.
Do not think that anything will be lost to the popular
cause by a peaceful line of conduct. However unprofitable
saris a state of inaction may appear to sonic enthusiastic
minds, it is assuredly the most effective, as well as safest."
Another sreaker, the Rev. Charles Berry, after an elo-
quent tribute to .the French, who, he said, " merited the
eternal gratitude of mankind," who " now stood in the
front of the civilised world," awl " who in three days hid
done more fur the cause of freedom than we had achieved
since the time of Cesar and the Ratline," proceeded to
say, " This is undoubtedly the, greatest blow that has been
given, in our tints', to King-croft and Priest-craft; these
two are generally combined ; and now, mark, gentlemen,
what I am about to say : if I have well weighed any put
of toy address, it is this—l will use no terms that I have
not selected, and I declare that of King-craft and I'd at-
craft, the latter is noire mischievous than the former—
(Cheers.)--I do believe that the • Priests—l mean not
Catholic only, but Mao Protestant Priests; I mean not
only the Priests of France, hut likewise of the town and
county of •Leicester. I verily believe that they are the
most inveterate and implacable foes that the liberties
of mankind have to contend with.—(Cheers.)—Some
horiourable exceptions, no doubt, there are; but as a
body, they are the sworn apostlei of bigotry and ser-
vility and slander. What has occurred the last few
weeks amongst us, justifies tne in thus speaking, awl
no reform in England will ever be worth* consider-
ing, that does. not :clip the wings of these gentry,, and
place them more in accordance with the spirit and light
of the age; that does not render them the enlightened
guides of the !lock, instead of what they too generally
are—mean sycophants, odious tithe.huntets, ever active to
keep the people in slavery and darkness,—(Cheere.)—l
will venture to warn them, that if ever a Revolution
should be effected in this country, their conduct will not
be forgotten, they will drink deep of the cup of just Cetii.
Imam,. It is a still more painful consideration that the
spirit and conduct of the Clergy will produce among the
rising generation a contempt for relieL n and its ministers,
and render infidelity as fatally prevalent among us, as it
is reported to lie in France.—(Cheers. )--I only add,
that I rejoice in these events, nut only as great in thetn,
selves, but because they are pregnant,with important and
beneficial consequences to tuba tuitions; and think wheat
• a glorious occurrence that must be, which not only bene-
fits the country in which it happens, but satellite its hal-
ing influence to surrounding nations which moves and
agitates, not to injure, but to bless mankind. Depend upon
it, there is not a despot upon tliesearth that dons not turn
lisle when he reads the story of the late French Revolu-
tion ; lie involuntarily raises his hand, roil feels whether
his Crown is upon his head, and if so, whether it site
firmly; WO he will look round to see if he can, even by
stealth, do something that may procure him a little poptt.
lathy, and lighten the fetters of his eubjects or .rather his
slaves._( Laughter and cheer's.).—Thin event has already
shaken Belgium ; it will overthrow the miserable tyrants
of the Peninsula ; it will regenerate Italy, Prussia, and
Cerniany ; and even Turkey, Russia, and China will one
day reap the advantage of it. Last; but not least, it will
do more than any thing tint has ever occurred to bring
about a reform in this country.—(Chere.)—Thank Pod,
we have en intelligent people and u liberal-snindOd Hier.
parch, and if the inhabitants of England have lint a per.
tion of that union, and valour, and generosity, and dew),
tion to the public good, which hag been so strikingly dis-
played in France, it will not be long before they have aca
complished such! a reform In our- representation as shall
render the horrors of a general convulsion unnecessary."

„
Another speaker, Mr. \Vin. Biggs, reinarked,
"It is the duty of fret:mon, of the lovers of liberty in
every country, to manifest their approbation, anti to ex-
press it openly and fearlessly, whenever any men -or set of
men albeit their liberties, and repel unjust aggression; no
matter whether that aggression is on the part of our own
rulers, or on the part of the French rolers, fres•dom of
speech is the birthright of an Englishman, and liberty is
the property of the human race.---(Cheers.) It is by
public opinion alone, and by its expression from time to
time by public meetings, and through the medium of the
public press, that we eats oppose any barrier to the wretched
supineueos of our House of Commons, or the tremendous
and overwhelming influence of our corrupt nod vitiated
aristocracy.—(Cheers.) If public opinion were not
powerfolly expressed upon particular occasions,' and if the
spirited and intelligent inhabitants of large towns, and
leading cities in the Empire, did not stand forward to re-
siet oppression, and give a tone to public feeling, the liberty
of the subject would be extinguished for ever.” •
• N •

" With every advantage , from Providence and nature,
and eircumatauces—with industry unparalleled-rwith
capital the moat overwhelminp—with enterprise unri-
yallod....Mith machinery the most exquinite—witle poises
siuna the moat unbounded—with, in fact, every mivans,
tage„ we are still, take us altogether,
inhabited
must wretched
and impoverished people that ever yet the globe;
and why, gentlemen ? To what do we owe this? How
is it that in the midst of plenty we are in want? That
in the midst of wealth we are in the depths Of wretched and ptiverty 9 We owe this orange and anomalous
perversion to a want of reform in Parliament: we owe it
to the influence of the Boroughmongers—to the wicked
and unjust interference of the Aristoerecy. In fmt, we
owe it ell to a want of the representation 'of the people ;
we owe it to the corrupt exorcise of the elective fran-
chise.—(Cheere.)—We must have a reform; we must
petitien fir it from day to day, And from year to year S
length of time must Out tire us—disappointmeut must not
tent us; we must persevere. We nee what O'Connell
has effected in Ireland by en-operation and union.
He was 'enabled to bring to. bear the whole public opi-
ohm of Ireland, and .vet when he began he had
very little apparent chance of suttee** ; be wai
almost Alone when he commenced hie he heme of
the Catholic Association ; ho persevered, however, through
evil report, and through geod report, until be possessed a
moral influence the moat extensive in the world, and was
enabled to overpower the bigotry and despotism of his
Government by
.the united voices of seven . millions of
Trishmen.—((;beers,)--"Thie ;mot be a !melon to us.
Never relax in your exertions, Gentlemen, whatever igno-
rance or aristocratic pride may pay or do, persevere; your
ultimate. triumph is certain, The progress of liberty is as
certain as the progress of knewledge. The Revoltition in
France will forward it, and on your own exertions and
principle must mainly depend the rest. Let neither borers,
nor threats, nor intimidations, bribes or promises, induce
you to desert the path of duty. Upon you depend the
liberties of England. Tho aristocracy are your enemies,
and the richer part of the middle armee are lukewarm and
indifferent. Meet often—petition often..combine..—express
your opinions publicly upon public measures, and let your
voice be heard throughout the country. Ina few years yen
will be irresistible. Improve your opportunity, and that
good Oud who presides over the destinies et his creatures,

On, who wills that they should be-happy, will crown your
exertions with ultimate succosa."--7 (Immense cheering.)
The Chairman, Mr. Paget, wound up the pro-
ceedings by the following pithy observations:
" Let us then, in c-mclusion, draw a moral inference
from the events of this Revolution—in the spirit of the
4th Resolution, let us receive Frenchmen as brethren—
let those jealousies which were preview!), generated, never
again take poiesession of our breasts; let it never again be
said to us, that the French are our enernies—they are our
hest friends—the benefits of free intercourse with that
country are incalculable. - Let us, then, resist these iosi-
dious efforts, and let us impress upon our aristocracy the
necessity of yielding to a growing spirit of improvement
those measures of liberal policy and refirm, which it is
no longer safe-for them to withhold.,--(Long and conti-
nues! cheering.) ~ • '
We have dwelt the more on this languale, be-
cause it is new to Englishmen, and because it seems
to us indicative of a consciousness of strength in
the people, which it will not be Safe to disregard.
The truth is, the people, propetly so called, seem
at present thoroughly in earnest in the cause of re-
form. The proud attitude in which the French now
stand hits shamed them out of theirnpa!by. There
is no narrow-minded jealousy, of the French, but a

generous and adMil at km —a conviction Our

the reputation of the country demands that the
prOud example should not he lost to us. The ►t•art:-
ing ought not to be neglected. The Aristocracy
and the Church are boldly denounced everywhere

as the enemies of the country. This expression of
deeply felt conviction is not to bc! trifled with.
The time for sneering or raillery is gone by. Der-
ing periods of indifference men may be laughed out
of their feeble resolves ; but enthusia,m and re-
solution never yet were turned aside by such
weapons. We have always said that the
strongest argument against reform was the in-
difference of the people. That indifference has
given place to a strong determination to strain
every nerve to obtain reform. Since the close of
the American war, there never was in. this'country
so general a wish for Reform. We observe too that
every speaker at public meetings contends for the.
ballot as essential. Lady Morgan, in her new pub-
heation on France, instances the ballot as a proof
that the English are behind the Freud' in political
di,cernment. We protest that at all the meetings
throughout the country, and we have been a
dili-
gent peruser of them, the speakers of the middle
class, without an exception, advocate ballot. At the
Leicester 'sleeting, for instance, every speaker ap-
proved of it. In short, there cannot be a better
test of the side espoused by the speaker, than the
sentiments he expresses respecting ballot. Who-
ever disapproves of it is an enemy to Reform, no
matter what his professions are, and this is the ge-;
trend belief of the people. IVe do not believe that
Mr. Brom/ham has made a single convert to his
views. The present are certainly critical times. If
they who are at the helm of affairs do not perceive
this, and take their determination accordingly, they
may have cause to repent it. If the people pro-
ceed as they have commenced, they must be irre-
sistible.---
4forning Chronicle.

The Journal which is said to have the peculiar
patronage of his Grace the Dike of Wtllingtoa•
Prince of Waterloo, Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo, &c.,
I as put forth an article in which the writer pretty
plainly recornaleads the a►.iolirinn of all titles of ho.

flour; and says that our permUting such " profane':
terms as " my Lord" and " your Grace" to be
used, is a national disgrace, for permitting. which
foreigners look upon us as " the basest" people
Upon earth. That foreigners ever looked upon us
as a base people, on t his or on any other account is,
we huller°, a somewhat novel discovery ; and the
imputation • we believe to be in itself as unfounded as
it is base and, at the present moment, mischievous,
Abstractedly considered, mere titles may be looked
upon es " vain and empty things!' though, es murk.;
leg the gradations in society, they are Hot without
their use, and um% productive of no possible
harm. To jaundiced minds every thing is dis-
gusting; and to those who would sow discontent
moil; the people, no topic bus been at all times
more in favour thet one likrly to work upon the
lowest prejudices which 10%v minds fire capable of
imbibieg. Of this'ileseription the topic in question
has beep tat all times a favourite one. In our
country the old Puritans, with as much
,worldly
pride as any men, sought to level till distinctions;
and the first French revolution Was marked by a
vain sothstittition,Of the term "citizen" for the se-
vend designations of all previous ranks and de.;
;;roes. put what, we must ask, ever was or can
be gained by such foolery us this ? or what is to be
gained by assimilatieg men to a state of nature who
are destined to live in a state of society ? It is ad-
mitting too much even to compare it. with a state of
nature; for, among the most primitive of all the
savage hordes which have yet been 'discovered,
a &position to treat their chiefs as such,
and to distinguish them by titles, hes been al.
ways felted to prevail. In this country there is no
such' servile adulation paid to rank es this writer
would have the world believe; nor is genuine nobi-.
lity,' generally speaking, over-covetous of the diit;
tieetides which belong to it. Half the "My Lord.;
inks" ,which we meet with in society origieate mho'
is the servility.of the addressers than in the vanity
or the addressed. But the tnisehievous motive of
those who would, just at this moment, recommend
it levelling of ranks und distinctions, cannot be mis-
understood. If it is a part of a system to draw off
the attention of the. people from the substance to
the shadow, we trust that it will fail. The over-
throw of rank could answer no purpose here; the
overthrow of abuses would do a great deal; and we
trust, therefore, that the people will be on their
f
guard, and not starer their .minds to he directed to
notions, such us those we are adverting to, the
adoption of which would be thrown in their teeth
by the very same persons, to obstruct the substan-
tial reforms they ere entitled to look for and.demand.
Murning Herald.
