FRENCH PAPERS.

" PARIS, APRIL 17, HALF-PAST SIX, P.M.—I have
to announce a piece of political information which is
highly interesting, and which is perhaps connected
with the recent changes in the English Ministry.
" The Ministers have withdrawn the Law on the
Press.

" This morning at eleven o'clock there was a
Council, in which the King presided, and at which
the Dauphin was present.
" After the Council broke up, the Keeper of the
Seals proceeded to the Chamber of Peers, and pre-
sented the following Ordonnance, which has been
published by the Etoile in a second Edition, and of
which I send a copy. It is expected that there will
be a general illumination in the capital to-morrow
evening, in commemoration of the event."
(From the Second Edition of the Etoile of April 18.)
CHAMBER OF PEERS—Bunnvrix, AYRIL 17.)
The Chamber met at one o'clock. On the open-
ing of the Sitting, it verified the titles of the Mar-
quis de la Place, who is to take his seat in the
Chamber by hereditary right.
The Keeper of the Seals then communicated to
the Chamber an Ordonnance of the King, dated this
day conceived as follows :
" Charles, by the Grace of God, King of France and
Navarre.

" 'Co all to whom these presents shall mile, greeting :
•• 'We have ordained and ordain as follows :
" Art. 1. The Project of Law relative to the Police of
the Press is withdrawn.

" Art. 2. Our Keeper of the Seals, Illiniter Secretary
of State fur the Department of Justice, is charged with
the execution of the present Ordonnance.
" Given at Paris, at the Palace of the Tuilleries, the
ith day of April, in the year of our Lord 1827, and the
Third of our Reign.
" By the King. " CHARLES.
" The Keeper of the Seals, Minister and Secretary of
State for the Department of Justice,

" Count DE PEYRONNET."
The following are extracts from the Journals :
(From the Pilote of Tuesday.)
MADRID, APRIL the corps of infantry of
the line, and of cavalry, which were not yet on the
frontiers of Portugal have received orders to proceed
thither. The duty in the fortresses and the garri-
sons N%.11 b dune by ti.e troops of the New Levy,
and it is in contemplation to send 8,000 men to the
Havannah. In other respects there is a profound
silence with respect to politics.
However, the activity observed in the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs and of War, and the correct-
ness with which the Government is collecting all its
forces, excite an opinion that we shall soon have
something new. It is pretty usual here for great
events to be preceded by profound silence.
(From the Journal de Paris of Tuesday.)
MADRID, APRIL s.—(From a Private Letter.)—
Some measures which the Government has lately
taken, relative to the Army of Observation, had
caused rumours of war to be again spread; but
those reports have vanished, because it is now cer-
tain that the Government, to prevent any attempt
at a new invasion, has resolved to line all our fron-
tiers with troops, and of course the vast extent of
them has rendered it necessary to push forward some
corps with the artillery and ammunition, which were
indispensable.
(From the Constitutionnel of Monday and Tuesday.)
PARIS, APRIL 16.—CONSEQUENCES OF THE NEW
ORGANIZATION OF THE ENGLISH MINISTRY.—
Every conversation for the last two days has twned
on the elevation of Mr. Canning, and the conse-
quences which may thence result. The public,
which discovers with admirable instinct what dif-
ferent events are hostile or favourable to the inte-
rests of society, has received with great satisfaction
the news so impatiently expected of the triumph of
Mr. Canning. Oa the other hand, the Congrega-
tion is terrified. Our Ministers themselves, what-
ever their apparent opinions may he, are not better
pleased with it. They would have been better
pleased to treat with the English Oligarchy, than
to find themselves in the presence of a Ministry
friendly to the civil and religious liberties of men.
The superiority of Mr. Canning renders their mi-
serable mediocrity the more apparent.

We may consider the revolution which has just
taken place in the British Cabinet as a complete
separation from the superannuated policy of the
Holy Alliance. England, become more free in its
movements, will be able to consult its true interests;
and, fortunately for the world, those interests are
those of humanity. Thus are the designs of that
Apostolic faction, which was preparing the slavery
of Portugal as an indispensable preliminary to the
abolition of all free Governments of Europe, frus-
trated.

France will with sorrow gather the fruits of a
false, absurd, and impious policy; equally exposed
to the hatred of the Apostolicals and the contempt
of the Constitutionals, she will see England triumph
in Spain—raise that country from the state of humi-
liation into which it has fallen—re-animate its indus-
try—profit by itself, and associate itself every where
with the liberty and prosperity of nations. What
shall we be then ? Will any shadow of liberty re-
main to us ? Will not the Congregation and the
Ministry reign absolutely on the ruins of our institu-
tions, so audaciously attacked ? Shall we be able
to protest freely against such a disgrace, and cast the
responsibility of it on its authors ?

(From the Journal des Debats of Monday and Tuesday.)
PARIS, APRIL 16.—Mr. Canning has remained
erect on the ruins of the English Cabinet, freed from
all the shackles with which it was endeavoured to
surround his elevation to the post of Prime Minister,
absolved from all the concessions which it was ex-
pected would be torn from him, from his anxiety to
attain the helm of affairs, or his hope of conciliating

and uniting with him men to do without whom he
soon found himself sufficiently strong. The wish of
the King, the spirit of the great majority of the
English people, have raised him to power, and will
support him in it.
The question now only consists in that. The
cries of distress forced from so many persons on this
side of the Strait, by the news of the 13th of April,
will soon give rise to the most gloomy predictions.
There is in that something besides national suscepti-
bility. Those who have, for some time, wished
every sconrge to England, have only to give it
Ministers of their choice. Then they will soon
have real evils to point out, instead of entertaining
us with imaginary sufferings. But let them cease to
deplore the inundation of Radicalism, to represent
Mr. Canning as the Corypheus of the Jacobins after
calling him with their own prayers three years since

to poTver. Let them not hope particularly to find
many persons who think like them ; and let them
learn at least, for once, that with the most Tory of
the English Ministers, there are stronger ideas of
liberty than with t'le most Whig of ours.
(From the Courier Francais of Monday and Tuesday.)
EFFECTS of the NOMINATION of Mr. CANNING.
PARIS, APRIL 16.—A great event has crowned
the mortifications of our Statesmen, during the holy
week. That was not the object of their fervent
prayers, for it was in vain for Mr. Canning to be a
partisan of Catholic Emancipation ; they would be
perfectly resigned to leave them eternally in the state
of political deprivation in which they are, provided
the power should pass from the hands of Mr. Can-
ning to those of a Minister who would resume the
system of Castlereagh, and unite the scattered frag-
ments of the Holy Alliance. But this hope has va-
nished—the Catholics will probably be emancipated,
but by a Minister who has declared himself the par-
tisan of civil and religious liberty—who has acknow-
ledged the independence of the American republics,
and has associated himself with the movements of
civilization. What a cause of consternation is this,
for the faction which govern us ! Of what import-
ance to them is the political liberty of some millions
of Catholics, if it is to be procured by the triumph
of principles which inherit the plans of universal
servitude formed at Rome, and in our Jesuitical
councils ?
MADRID, APRIL .s;—(Private Correspondence.)
—The Government seems to persist in its design
of increasing the military organization of Spain.—
The following is a new measure, tending to that
end. The Gazeta publishes to-day a circular of the
Supreme Council of War, explaining the decree di-
recting
the levy of 24,000 men. Several articles of
that decree are modified, particularly those respect-
ing the mode of replacing the Nobles. All the new
regulations have for their object the hastening the
levy of the troops, and the prevention of desertion.
—Every young man arresting a deserted conscript
shall be exempted from the se,!vice; and if it appear
that the deserter has concealed himself more than
a week in a village, the township shall pay a fine,
and furnish, in certain cases, another recruit.

BARCELONA, APRIL B.—Notwithstanding the
check received before Cardone, the insurgent move-
ments increase, proclamations are spread, and even
addressed to the constituted authorities ; it is there
stated, that the object is again to deliver the King,
who is de 710V0 captive at Madrid : if he were free,
would he allow such persons to remain in place ?
Would he not rather serve against the negros ?
Would he add to the misfortunes of Spain the pre-
sence of foreign troops, and the infamous police ?
It is also directed, that taxes shall only be paid into
the hands of the Royalists, no obedience rendered
to the allied troops, and punishment inflicted on the
Constitutionals.

A convoy of cattle, intended for the French

troops at Barcelona, passed Ripoli at the moment
when a Guerilla of between 250 and 300 men were
disarming the local police.
The authorities of Braga, the principal place of
the Corregimiento, have received information that
the insurgents were to possess themselves of them,
and the persons suspected by them. All retired to
Barcelona yesterday. They have learned that their
houses 'have been plundered and burned, since their
departure.

A carriage, loaded with gold and silver, has been
surprised at the gates of the city; as the removal of
money is forbidden in Spain, the Excise has taken
possession of it. The police had learned that these
funds were going to the insurgents. Some hours
after the seizure, an individual came to demand the
money. Due notice has been taken of this demand,
and of him who made it.

The events of Portugal have deprived Catalonia
of Spanish troops, so that it is hard to discover how
the Captain-General will proceed to extinguish the
flame which threatens this province.
Every day several persons of property arrive in
the city from the neighbouring places, on account
of the dangers to which they consider their lives ex-
posed. But no one departs. The name of Don
Carlos is in the month of the insurgents, and on
their !lags. They continually exclaim Fuera las
Francesca (Away with the French) !
The French Authorities are on guard in the
city, but we have very few troops, and scarcely any
supplies.
SRL D'URGEL, APRIL B.—The greatest fermen-
tation reigns throughout the central part of Cata-
lonia, and anarchy has been at its height in Vich,
Rippol, Bergua, Manreza, Braga, and all the sur-
rounding villages. The alarm bell was heard in
every direction : all masses of the population rose
together. We are assured that these insurgent■
have as their cry, " Death to the Constitutionalists
(negros); death to the French (gabachos) !" &c.
They have spread every where the black flag, and
a gallows is represented on their caps--a worthy
emblem of their ferocity. No important Chief has
yet appeared at the head of this proceeding. The
only one mentioned is a man named Joseph de
Estans.—The Guard of the Customs and the
mozos de Escuadra (police) have been, it is
said, disarmed by the Insurgents. It is added,
that already several French soldiers have fallen
beneath their attacks, in the neighbourhood of
Figueras, or in the city. Expresses have been dis-
patched to the different civil and military autho-
rities on the frontiers, and it is to he presumed we
shall he more positively informed in a few days of
the sequel of the events. At Vich the number of
insurgents under arms is said, about a week ago, to
have amounted to between 700 and 800 men. No
disturbance has taken place either at Puycerda or in
its environs.

(From the Etoile of Tuesday.)
LISBON, AlAucit 31.—The Chamber of Peers was
occupied in one of its late Sittings with a propo-
sition calculated to set to work all the publicists and
civilians in Europe. It was proposed to offer
prize of twenty centos of reis (120,000 f.) to reward
the author of the best Civil Code; and another of
twelve centos (72,000 f.) for the author of the best
Criminal Code. It was intended to have an accessit
of the half, and the third of these two stuns. The
project of a law on this subject was rejected by a
majority of 23 votes against 15.

The borers for Water at Boston have attained
to a depth of about 420 feet, at present without success._
Lincoln Paper.

THE WEAVERS' STRIKE.—On enquiry we
find that Mr. James Green has consented (al-
though at certain loss to himself ) to give the
plaid weavers the old price, and he has given
warps out to upwards of twenty weavers, being
the whole he had prepared ; but when it was
ascertained that he wished to have camblets
woven with 62 hanks for 7s. instead of 72 for
7s. 6d., the weavers assembling in the Tab gave
orders that those weavers who had taken the
plaids out should not work, till Mr. Green con-
sented to give as much for 62 hanks, as other
masters are giving for 72, intimating, that, how-
ever he may reduce the labour, either in hanks or
setts, in plaids or: camblets, the weavers are de-
termined to have the same price.--Leeds Intel-
ligences.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning ...20 minutes after 10. I Evening ...51 minutes after 10

rbr

111 L
(-*

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 20, 1827.

Amongst the rumours of the day it is said,
that a messenger has been despatched to the Mar-
quis of HUNTLY, who is abroad, offering him the
Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland, and that Mr.PLuti-
KETT is to be Master of the Rolls, in the room of
SirJOHN COPLEY. This arrangement would se-
cure the splendid eloquence of that Right Hon.
Gentleman in the HOUS2 of Commons, though
even self-love cannot make the Ex-party consi-
der themselves formidable on that score.

It is not in reckoning heads, but noses, that
these gentlemen must find even the shadow o:
hope.

The world actually seems to stand still
anxious expectation of the appointments

the new Ministry. Each succeeding day pro-
duces a variety of rumours, most of which,
in the nature of things, give place next
morning to others which also have their day.
Though only one Cabinet is to be formed, a
number of persons have been already named on
the most unquestionable authority, sufficient to
fill twenty Cabinets, and 'till the Gazette checks
the exuberance of the inventive faculty, we
make no doubt that there will be as fertile and
as ephemeral a crop of reports as the season of
the year seems naturally calculated to produce.
Amongst these rumours, we may venture to
mention one of a different nature, but which if re-
alised will certainly afford considerable amusement.
It is said that the Whigs intend, on the first day
of the meeting of Parliament, to make a rush
into St. Stephen's, and to take possession of the
Treasury side of the House, thereby forcing
the Ex-Tories to take their real position, that
of opposition to His MAJESTY'S Government.
From the long habit of a sinister inclination
of the head, we fear that some of those
worthy personages will address their remarks
to the Gallery, and not to the SPEAKER ;
and, if Mr. JENNINGS has not taken warn-
ing by his late exhibition at the bar, a very
animated but limited debate may take place be-
tween him and the late Members of his MA-
JESTY'S Government.

One beneficial effect has already attended the
elevation of Mr. CANNING to the direction of
public affairs in this Country, by appalling the
illiberal factions abroad—it has paralysed the
Ultras in France, and the Government have
now abandoned their law against the liberty
of the Press. They felt that their attempt
to put down liberal opinions by suppres-
sing the organs of public intelligence would
find no countenance in England, and they
wisely retraced their steps, apprehensive of a re-
sult different to what they at first expected.
The burst of universal joy in Paris must con-
vince them too truly how odious was their de-
sign, and how formidable must be that opposi-
tion which enlisted not only the national sym-
pathy, but the indignation of kindred spirits
against them throughout Europe. The great
blessings diffused by means of a free Press are so
self-evident, arid so well understood, that only.
men who are interested in the subversion of know--
ledge and the degradation of the human race
could be advocates for its destruction. The hap-
piness of the age, still treading in the bright
career of improvement, is entirely attributable to
the progress of knowledge—

" Blessing the nations with redoubled ray."—
How great must be the exultation of the
real friends of humanity that a conspiracy, so
pernicious in its tendency, has been defeated,
and that, too, at the moment of its apparent
completion. But the French people have
been spared that calamity, and they
may now
triumph in the baffled pride of the faction so
bent upon their degradation. The liberal
policy of Mr. CANNING'S Administration has
worked this unexpected change in their destiny.
, and happi-
ness. His triumph over the faction at home has con-
founded the plotters of iniquity abroad, and
turned their machinations to their own confusion.
But these are only tithlebisigboteigtlrelynitlnriin: of a change,
which, as it works, must be feltntinpohreorfemli
ndeisspse.nsimngr.
cfreAeNdoNTN,
G,ksneolwevleactligoen
is
the more
principleseNi a bl e,
over
becauselre r sel
selfish
si
narrow-minded
policy.
_-______

We received last night the Paris Papers of
.toile, dated Wednesday
dt efdition of the toile an-
illino'ouure:
t, h
eaAl theidnsiernc r
important on.
ces
vernment having wi.tiiiidraacwtn otfhetlpieroFjer:tncohf
LGaow-
relative to the Pres:. A Royal Ordonnance
to this effect was communicated to the Chamber
of Peers on Tuesday evening.
Thus the liberty of the Press may be consi-
dered as in a great degree established in France,
and the attempt to place it under additional
restrictions, will only have had the effect of
securing for the people this most important of all
privileges.
The intelligence from Madrid, to th© sth
instant, is of the same variable character as has
marked all recent communications. One paper
asserts that the continued augmentation of the
army on the Frontier of Portugal, indicates the
intention of renewing the invasion of , that
country immediately, and that such a step has
been decided, while another asserts that its ob-
ject is merely to prevent invasion from Portugal.
It appears by the intelligence, from Lisbon,
that the Chamber of Peers had discussed a silly
proposition for offering a reward for the best
Civil and Criminal Codes for adoption.
The most interesting contents to Englishmen
of the papers, however, are their observations on
the elevation of Mr. CANNING to the Premier-
ship. This event continues to excite the joy of
all the Journals, except the Quotidienne, and its

effects are considered as likely to be very ilv
fluential over the politics of Europe.
We have given long extracts in anotl
column, and subjoin the price of the Funds,
Tuesday evening.
FRENCH FUNDS. —Rentes 5 per Cents. 100 f. 100 f. I:fr
3 per Cents. 70f. 70c. 75c. ; Bank Actions, 2027 f. 50c-
FOREIGN FUNDS.—Rentes Nap. Cert. Faic. 77f.
50c. ; Francais, 77f. 30c. 10c. ; Obl. Nap. Em.
1. s. 251. 50e. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 55 55-k. ; Hayo'
Loan, 670 f.

The Allgemeine Zeitung of the 13th inst'
has been received. It contains no political no"
—the only article worth extracting is the folio*
ing, relative to a plan for forming a commercl3
harbour at Gerslendorf, near the mouth of the
Weser :

FROM nix WESER, MARCH 20.—A plan is in conteel'
plation to form a commercial harbour at Gerslendorf, on ti°
east bank of the mouth of the Weser, which is navigable
vessels of the largest size, in order still more to facilitate
communication between England and the north of G"
many. From that place a canal might be made to the Elbe'
and this on the Hanoverian territory. It is thought the
Hanover would exchange this harbour for Vegesach, Wi
the City of Bremen, that the English trade there O 1
become still more extensive. In Hanover all trade is cr't
pled by the high import duties, which give accession °
smuggling. Should Gerslendorf become a Hanoverian pot!:
it would be very injurious to Bremen, where merci-.nn't
affairs go too much into petty details, and where, in ftct;
none but a native of the city may carry on trade; .
Gerslendorf would attract all speculators, Jews, &c., Wh
are not tolerated in Bremen ; but it would be advantag;
ous to Hamburgh, as the great mercantile transaction!'
the North of Germany are naturally centered in that prig
cipal point. It is strange, however, that Emden, so adv!°',
tageously situated, and which flourished under the Frusol:,
Government, does not thrive as a commercial city, i)°'
that it is a part of the Hanoverian territory. The exchanW
of Gerslendorf for Vegesach would he very advantage°
to Bremen.

The wind still blowing from the Eastward, of
tidings can be expected of his MAJEsTf!
ship, Tweed ; the delay in the arrival of this
vessel notwithstanding, continues to cause COO
derable alarm among those persons more particii;
lady interested in her safety. This vessel sage'
from Vera Cruz on the sth of February, and
the lists sent to LLOYD'S, was bound to Taufpic°'
the Havannah, and Portsmouth ; and, coroe'i
quently, if she has sailed in the prosecution °
this voyage, and has not been detained at one
both of the two first ports, she may be considered
as considerably out of time.

The following are extracts from the Brussel
Papers received this morning :

The Greek Committee in this City hasttTx plb
report of its proceedings. The whole of the receipts, 1
3euril,isAherdrut. ano 4;he
to the 15th of March, was 81,062 florins, half of whi
has been placed at the disposal of M. Eynard, for the Po
chase and conveyance of provisions.
The sum of 20,000 florins has been remitted to Lieut.'
Colonel Heidegger, placed by the Greek Government at th'
head of the Commission, entrusted with the distribution
of the contributions received from Europe. The surr,::l
6000 florins has been placed out at interest, to be eraplq
in the education of the Orphans expected from Greece-
One of them, Charles Suez°, is already arrived, ant
King has granted hint an admission as a supernumerarl
the corps of Cadets. He will be maintained at the expel'
of the Committee.

GHENT, APRIL 16.
His Royal Highness Duke Bernard, of Saxe Weiing'
Major-General in the service of the Netherlands, has '•e;
ceived permission from his Majesty to accept and wear
Grand Cross of the Order of the Green Crown, wh,c."
the King of Saxony has conferred on him. The Priori
arrived here on Saturday. His return was a real fete t°
the whole city, and especially the vicinity of his residence'
The houses were adorned with drapery, and 'illuminated'i,
°
the ev( ping ; a testimony of esteem which must be high;!
agreeable to his Royal Highness, as it was paid less to
rank than to the private virtues by which it is ad,rned.
M. Rangeman Huygens, jun., who has lately arrill",
with despatches from North America, has just delivered
this Prince, in the name of the Mayor and Corporatiop:,
the City of New York, a splendid work, containing tivi
ceremonies, plans, and speeches, on the occtsion of 70
opening
present.of
the
Bg rye atth canal,
giganticat
work, w ich h
theis Royal
UnitedH gsbts°
have given a vent to the produce of all the countries on
banks of the vast lakes of North America.
We are happy to inform our readers of the approach
demolition of all that part of the citadel called
Spaniards' Castle, which commands the city, wills
Charles V., in a moment of anger, or, perhsel
of alarm, had erected to awe his fellow-citizens in 154 i;
A short time before the pacification of Ghent, this citadet
was taken from the Spaniards by the aid of the troops lecud
from Zealand by the Prince of Orange. It was reser
for a Monarch, the worthy descendant of the house ,°
often called for, of those useless ramparts. We alre°,ll,
Nassau, to consent
iiiu-testctoihtihi
oeantnasntlo:liseanNu%yitj,ld,ihual
seal,ysemttabeaireoo)ieNlltveiset thtieaioteiolutnyonnsei
widow
d,gNitVslailihlaieoatndi
hffiscfeyiehdg.,:oienoln.. htefe:
vshrnsetboapeotr
jeiaincf
fre:lceljet
hear of the improvements which the Magistrates intend
n
oAwitmßmifipihaelipoTirskoelso, lierini;laae3etorcntreohlnßac:rinhi ulti(daiiimlsitlrnseele7elitr,n,at;g7eiln,ipsBr.
tetoovho:Vuraf(ai:mitti'ciddi(
in the sea ports, and the merchao'
daughters, aged 23,iza BRUSSELS, APRIL 16', h
of in the district of Charleroi, born at Flushing
abjured
sone dantdi the Calvinist
117 y religion,eyaerasrsof respectively.a ge,311 with
tThf?i,
lady had manifested, several' years back, her intention to re,
turn within the pale of the Catholic Church, by havl:d
three others of her children, who are still young, bapti
by Ministers of that religion.

Mr. Canning will, we understand, be returne!'
to Parliament for Seaford, which is in the interest of 131°
friend, Lord Seaford. The election was to take place ye
terday.—Brighton Gazette of Thursday.
It has been intimated to us that Sir N. C'
Tindal intends offering himself as a candidate for the 'll'
cancy in the representation of the University of CO:
bridge, occasioned by the appointment of the Master of
tb
Rolls to the office of Lord Chancellor.
The measles are at present very prevalent
Huddersfield and the neighbourhood, and have proved
tremely fatal to children.—Leeds Intelligencer.
k seEe coA:vi,VolirtEki:itnes
earn
r—f
nthuie
111,11",eeauf:oelarl
vopeios
perhaps be serviceable at the present
to
the sympathy of the public towards them. These employ t
tc\hi
in manufacturing the finer descriptions of goods, when kel'
in a week ;
sum which, taking into account the deductions for lien
rent, and many other little items, will go but a short visio
to support a family. The state of those employed 10
weaving coarser goods, is yet more distressing tbso
that of the class above mentioned, as will be seen fr°
ing
weeks, a web of about 240 yards, by population
nnroet
orni
fctel-ltis
in
this
:cyrintekyl,e,antiii
I;a4y
the following simple statement :—The weaver, after receif:
ing the yarn from his employer, completes, in four or .s(`,
working 16 hours:,
day ; for this he obtains lid. per yd. or 255. for the who'
piece. If finished in a month, his receipts may be cal&
hated at 6s. Id. per week ; but, being very irregularly sior
plied with yarn, they rarely exceed ss.—His wife, if e,
tan procure any kind of employment, may add to this Is'
hut with a family of four or five children not yet capableo!
doing any thing for themselves, what will even this scaoo,
pittance afford ? The weaver pays 31. I Os. of yearly rent
for a dwelling house, or rather hovel, together with a smal
loom shop ; and, with firing and other necessaries to pr°:
vide, not including provisions, it is altogether impossible!"
possessed of, which was convertible iDt'i
can subsist on the small sum that is left. Every article De
may
i
cash, islaevi r soldethebeen or lies unredeemed in the pawnbrokeri
The scene of wretchedness which the interior of his dotel:,
presents,—the wan and sickly countenances of 11
little ones, looking up to him for that relief which he CO;
not give, the silent tear of settled sorrow trickling dftvbi
the mother's cheek upon the infant at her breast,_and
care worn and dejected air which misfortune has thror,,
over his own features,—are pictures which a feeling h)(
cannot look upon without the deepest sympathy. We n:l4,
likewise state that among the joiners, masons, bricklay
&c., even much greater privation has been experienced ,
many having been out of work for months, and ?to
ing no present prospect of employment.— Glasgow r
Press.
