GERMAN PAPERS.

PESTII, DEC. 24.—Foreign journals affirm that his
Majesty the Emperor, King of Hungary, had required from
Hungary a levy of 25,000 men, and that Dalmatia is to
be incorporated with Hungary. The first statemeut is
wholly unfounded, and the latter is not likely to be realized,
at least for the present.

The project for the improvement of the administration
of justice is now under discussion in our Diet, and this
affair proceeds much more rapidly than that of the rela-
tions of the Lords and the peasantry which has not yet
received the royal sanction. It is even doubted whether
this sanction will be given, because the many amendments
made by the Diet have so altered the law that not above
half of the benevolent intentions of the Government would
be fulfilled by it. By way of interlude, the states have
made another attempt to force on the Government
the Hungarian language, which is unknown to the
majority of the nation, and which it certainly will not suffer
to be imposed on itself, but this attempt was defeated by
the calmness of the Chamber of Magnates, for which the
friends of civilization are indebted to it; for, we repeat it,
the German language alone can be in Hungary the vehicle
of communication with foreign civilized countrie.—
Nuremburg Correspondent, Dec. 30.

SWITZERLAND. —The Duke of Calveles is now an un-
welcome guest at Sion in the Vallais. He requires that in
the Swiss troops in the Neapolitan service, there shall be a
reduction of the pay, by one-third, and that the total
number of officers shall be reduced by a fourth. The
Council, of course, will not hear of this proposal. Affairs
in the canton of the Vallais are in a very unpleasant state,
a repetition of the scenes that took place in April is feared
at Martinach and the neighbourhood.
The burgomaster of the Grison., Max Ru. V. Sans
Soglio, is at Vienna, to obtain the speedy ratification of
the treaty of Milan of Sept 23, or if possible something still
more fivourable. This convention secures the sum of
two millions of lire of Milan, to those who have suffered by
the confiscation in the Valtelline.

VIENNA, DEC. 21.—We learn the Professor Seballer,
has made by order of the Emperor a statue of the famous
Andrew Hofer, which is to be set up in Innspruck. It
is now completed, and may be seen in the Atelier of the
artist.—Frankfort Papers, Dec. 31.

We are requested by a Correspondent to state
that the Mr. Coveney, whose name figured in a police
report in a case of forgery, is not the Mr. Coveney who
is, and has been for the last twenty years, a member of the
1-I,ymarket Theatre, and whose eldest daughter is a cele.
brated singer. This correction will appear very super-
fluous to those who are acquainted with the respectable
gentleman alluded to, but it is rendered necessary, from the
circumstance of its having Leen state] that the person
named Coveney in the police report had kept a tavern in
the neighbourhood of the theatres, Mr. Coveney himself
having formerly kept the Wheatsheaf Tavern i❑ the Strand,
which was pulled down for the new improvement..
Mr. Kennedy has resigned his place in the
Treasury, and his seat i❑ Parliament, on account of ill
health.

We have reason to believe that Lord flowick
will succeed Mr. George Lamb as Under Secretary at the
Home-office. This appointment does not oblige a Member
of Parliament to vacate his seat, so that there will not he
a new election for the county of Northumberland.
LORD JOHN RUSSELL AND THE DISSEN-
TERS.—A good deal of intere-t having been excited as to
what was the answer of Lord John to the deputation of
Dissenters at Plymouth, who waited on his Lordship for
the purpose of staring the grievances under which they
laboured, we have much pleasure in being enabled to aiti•fy
public cu. iosity. We are told that his Lordship's answer
was, lint he would willingly co-operate with them in
regard to registration of births and marriages, but the
other points required consideration ; he could not agree
to any principle subversive of an established church.--.
Western Time

Sir John Soane, who has contributed more
liberally to the encouragement of art than any other
private individual in the king.lom, offered to subscribe
1,0001., and the E.rl of Egremont 2,0001., towards the
purchase of Sir Thomas Lawrence's collection of draw-
ings by the old masters, for the purpose of placing them in
the new National Gallery ; but the example of these red
and substantial patrons has not, we regret to say, been
followed.

Sir Edward Bauchere Hartop is about to
form a matrimonial alliance with Miss Gent, daughter of
Mrs. General Gent. Mr. Hartop, who is the possessor of
a large domain in England and Ireland, and a mansion near
Blelton Mowbray, is the eldest son of Lady Palk by her
first husband, Mr. Hartop, who was prematurely cut off a
few years after his marriage.
A pretended anecdote of Ankerstrom, the
reputed assassin of Gustavus of Sweden, and Mr. Wood,
the Proprietor of a Hotel in Psnton_square, coupled with
a splendid apostrophe of the author about the fate of an
empire havirg been decided by the goodeature of a
coffee-house keeper, has lately gore the round of the
newspapers. In the article in question it is stated that
Ankerstrom was a guest of Mr. Wood, to whom he owed
a debt of fifteen pounds, and that the assassination of
Gustavus took place shortly atter Ankerstrom left London,
which he could not have done if Mr. Wood had not
generously assisted him in his difficulties. The truth is,
that Ankerstrom never was a guest of Mr. Wood, and
that Mr. Wood had never seen him. The only p, r-
son connected with the conspiracy against Gustavus,
with whom Mr. Wood Las bad any acquaintance,
is a Col. K—, a Swede, who became his guest long after
the murder of the King of Sweden. This Col. K— is
now in the service of Dun Pedro. Mr. Wood is indeed
his creditor, not to the extent of 131. 'merely, but of se-
veral hundreds; and but for the good nature of the
Hotel, the Colonel would not have had the power of vi-
siting Portugal. The whole story, however, as regards
Ankerstrom is a fiction. It may be added
.that Cul.
K—. has frequently decia:ed to Mr. Wood and others
that Ankerstrom was not the actual assassin of the King,
but that the murder was perpetrated by another person,
who is still living. Ankerstrom, who was one of the
ce:nspirators, bed too much generosity to make any attempt
to save his own life by betraying the mm who committed
the murder.

THE NEST IN DIES AND A NIERICA.--
Lientenant Colonel St. Clair's "Narrative of his Residence
in the West Indies and America," in two volumes octavo,
with numerous beautiful illustrations from drawings by
himself, we are requested to sta'e will be published on
Tuesday next, by Mr. Bentley, New Burlington.street.
The public are recommended to give their immediate orders
to their respective booksellers, to insure the delivery of
early copies of the work. Agents for Scotland, Messrs. Bell
and Bradfute, Edinburgh ; for Ireland, Mr. John Cum-
ming ; it may also be obtained of all the principal booksel-
lers of the empire.
At present there are 100 inmates of the
Birmingham workhouse fewer than during Christi() S
last year; and about 1,000 less our-poor relieved by the
overseers —Birmingham Journal.

The Patriote Suisse of the 24:h December,
quoted by the Constitutionnel, states that the petition to
the King of France, signed by 108 Polish refugees in
Switzerland, praying for permission to reside in his do-
minions, had been most favourably received, and that they
would be permitted to join their countrymen in the different
towns set apart for their residence by the French Govern-
ment: this was made known by the following announce-
ment from the French Embassy at Berne, dated December
23 The French Ambassador begs to notify 'lO the
Poles who signed the petition to the King of France,
requesting permission to enter France, that the Govern-
ment of his Christian Majesty has accorded their request;
and that such Polish refugees are consequently requested
to present themselves at the French Embassy, that they
may receive their passports, and money sufficient to defray
the expenses of their journey."

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 7, 1834.

The Paris Papers of Sunday which arrived
this morning state that a letter had been received
from Toulon, announcing the arrival of the
French corvette, Emulation, from Smyrna, with
accounts that twenty British line-of-battle ships
were expected in the Levant. The news from
Spain is not very important. A new insur-
rectionary movement had taken place at San
Felipe, in the Province of Valencia; but it was
put down by the peasantry of the neighbourhood
before the arrivarof the QUEEN'S troops, and
one of the Carlist Chiefs was shot. CARLOS VIT..
TORI A, the ex-Governor of Morello, and a friar
named ROGER, had been executed. It was reported
in Bayonne that EL PASTOR had been shot in the
neck by the Carlists in a reconnoissance. It
appears, by letters from Madrid of the 25th ult.,
that a rumour was prevalent there that Don
MIGUEL had placed 3,000 men at the disposal
of Don CARLOS, who was about entering
Gallicia. We doubt this rumour. MIGUEL has
not 3,000 men to spare, and if he had, CARLOS
would not have courage enough to head them.
In Paris, a report was current on Tuesday,
that the POPE had formally refused to acknow-
ledge Donna ISABELLA as Queen of Spain,
and that he had, in concurrence with the other
Italian Governments, demanded the withdrawal
of the French troops from Ancona. This ru-
mour is, probably, not unfounded.

The debate on the Address of the Chamber
of Deputies was again adjourned to yesterday.
During the discussion there was much warm
language; hut it was generally expected that the
result would be satisfactory to the Ministers.

We have at length one instance of the mag-
nanimity of the Emperor of Russia. The
Berlin State Gazette announces that he par-
doned, on his Saints' Day, fifty Poles, who
were implicated in the last revolt. When the
British and French Governments, too weak or
too indifferent to the cause of humanity to
protect the Poles against their oppressors,
requested as a favour that the Emperor NICHO.•
LAS would be merciful in the exercise of
power, the reply was, that although the Elt,l-•
PEROR had been compelled to use severity in the
repression of revolt, yet no sooner should the war
with Poland be at an end, than he would astonish
the world by the extent of his clemency. We have
waited nearly three years for the promised dis-
play, and at length come the welcome tidings
that the vulture of the North has stopped short
in the career of massacre. But we are anxious
to know something of the circumstances under
which this dispensation of mercy has taken place.
Who are the Poles who have been pardoned ?
Are they poor obscure peasants, whose immola-
tion would be beneath the dignity of the EM-
PEROR, or are they distinguished patriots, whose
pardon would indeed be an act of magnanimity?
Probably when the facts shall become known we
shall have little cause to admire the Emperor of
RUSSIA for this display of clemency. Besides,
even supposing that the facts be really of a na-
ture to blunt in a slight degree the indignation,
and for a moment soften down the horror ex-
cited by the general acts of NICHOLAS towards
Poland, can we forget that there are at this mo-
ment many thousand Poles, whose only offence
was patriotism, condemned to labour for life in the
mines of Siberia, where they are deprived of every
thing that makes life worth preserving--that
in the dockyards of Cronstadt there are some
hundred noble Poles now toiling in chains,
after having been basely betrayed into the hands
of the Russians, by the Government of
Prussia—that the soil of Poland is still red with
the blood of her, murdered sons, and that the
estates of all who have been so fortunate as to
escape to a land of refuge have become the prey
of the execu►ioners of their kindred ? Can one
solitary instance of clemency, like that related
by the Berlin State Gazette, make us forget

these things, even though it should not be the
mere effect of policy ? When the thousands
who are in slavery and exile shall be suffered to
return to Poland, there to enjoy liberty and pos-
sess their rightful property—when the religion
of the Poles shall be respected, and their na-
tionality be restored, then, indeed, we shall be
disposed to believe that the Emperor NICHOLAS
has become repentant of his conduct towards
Poland.

We have rceeived Frankfort papers to the
31st ult., and have given extracts in another
column. They are not important.

The pamphlet published by the authority of
the Government, or at any rate with its sanction,
entitled the " Reform Ministry and the Reformed
Parliament," has at length produced a reply
from some writer who styles himself " An Op-
position Member." The Ministerial manifesto
made the Government out to be faultless,
the 'le plus ultra of perfection, in whom even
the Irish Coercion Bill, the rejection of the
ballot, the defeat of triennial Parliaments, the
maintenance of the corn laws, the defence of
the most wretched system of taxation ever
imposed upon a country, became virtues
of a high order. The author of " The
Protest" before us exaggerates as much on
the other side. To give him credit, you
must believe that Ministers are downright
idiots, that they have done nothing for the
country, and will not attempt to do any thing
for the country. This is absurd as well as un-
just. We are not thick and thin partisans of
the Ministry, and never have been ; but although
we have thought them miserably mistaken in
their conduct on several important measures, we
have always been ready to support them both
against the Tories and those unwise Reformers
who fancy they can advantage their cause by
linking themselves with the opponents of all
Reform. With this proviso we are bound to
say, that there is much in the pamphlet before
us which it may be for the interest of the Ad-
ministration to consider. They may be assured
that such an abortion of a Church Reform for
England, as they have given reason to suppose
they will bring forward, or such another puerile
plan for settling the question of English tithes
as they produced last year, or shuffling upon the
question of doing away with Septennial Parlia-
ments ; or playing fast and loose with the Corn
Laws, will inevitably damn them beyond redemp-
tion. As this pamphlet may by possibility have a
certain degree of popularity, we must take this
opportunity of saying a few words with reference
to one or two points on which the " Opposition
Member" either speaks in ignorance or from
prejudice. He speaks in ignorance when he
refers to the object and effects of some of the
reductions of taxes which have lately taken place.
He asks who has benefitted by the " remission
of the duties on cards, dice, and leather ?" Now
in spite of the manner in which some tradesmen
endeavour to keep up the old prices, we say
that the many cheap shoe shops seen about the
metropolis, are proofs that the public derive, or
will derive, all the benefit arising from the repeal
of the duty on leather. With respect to the
duties on cards and dice, they were not
lowered to afford relief to card players, but
because the duty was before so high as
to occasion numberless forgeries of the stamps,
and an evasion of all duty, proceedini: to
an extent almost beyond relief. The conse-
quence of the reduction of the duty on cards, we
understand, has been that forgery and smuggling,
with respect to them, has been almost, if not
quite extinguished, while the revenue has suf-
fered nothing. Again, on the subject of the
remission of the candle and soap duty, the
writer says, " the poor man who goes
to rest with the sun feels no relief, nor
yet the tradesman in the middle ranks of life,
to whom the difference could not, at most,
have been more than twopenca a week, even
if the tallow-chandler had not swallowed it
up for himself; nor less is it the same with the
duty off soap." This, as well as some matter
we shall notice presently, rather induces us to
think that the " Opposition Member is better
acquainted with rural than town life. " The
poor man who goes to rest with the sun,"
certainly feels no relief from the remission
of the candle duty ; but there are poor
men, who, instead of going to bed with the
sun, have to toil on at their looms half through
the night. With respect to the charge against
the tallow-chandler, the least inquiry the country
gentleman may please to make will satisfy him
when lie comes to London, that there are
tradesmen all over the town who give the
consumer the full benefit of the remission
of the duty. Again, among some silly twaddle
about the reduction of the duty on advertise-
ments, the writer says, " Many of the news-
papers that have had the good fortune to obtain
the most extensive circulation, are found to
charge for advertisements precisely as before,
and thus they may be enabled to profit by the
Budget to the amount of several thousands per
annum." He is as ill informed with respect to
the effect of reducing the advertisement duty as
upon the other financial topics he has handled.
We believe that all the newspapers without
exception, but certainly the Times, which has
" the most extensive circulation," have reduced
their advertisement charges by the amount of
duty taken off.
Our reason for saying that we suspect the
writer of this pamphlet is a country gentleman is
the irraclicable prejudice he manifests on the
subject of the corn laws. He admits that the
evils of the corn laws must be acknowledged,
but adds " it is as clear that any alteration
in them must affect not only every landowner,
but also every farmer, labourer, and tradesman of
the agricultural district." Here the cloven foot
peeps out. It is the constant attempt of the
enemy to make the farmer, labourer, and trades-
man believe-that they will suffer by the repeal of
the corn laws. They will do no such thing.
They will, every man of them, have their situa-
tion improved by the enlargement of the field of

production. The labourer will have better
wages, the farmer, as a capitalist, will have
a higher interest for his capital, and the
tradesmen depending upon them proportion-
ably benefit. The claim the writer makes to
have the landowner placed on an equal foot-
ing as to taxation with the agriculturists of
the Continent, before a repeal of the corn laws,
is monstrous proceeding from any one, but from a
man who says that " the people, and especially
the middle classes, have long since felt that
every tax that has been imposed, and almost
every tax that has been remitted, have been im-
posed or remitted for the benefit of the wealthier
classes," it is absurd.

MEETING of SH IPOWNERS.—(THIS DAY.)

A meeting of the Shipowners' Society was held to-day
at the City of London Tavern, for the purpose of receiv-
ing the report of the Committee, and other business. At
one o'clock, G. F. Young, Esq., M.P., took the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN, in accepting his nomination to the
Chair, assured the meeting that at all times his humble ser-
vices were at their disposal. The duties of Chairman at a
public meeting were merely to arrange the order of the pro-
ceedings, and to see that the business was conducted with
regularity ; but, considering his situation in reference to
that committee, the report of which they were met to
receive, lie hoped he should not be considered as stepping
aside if be prefaced the business by a few introductory
observations.—(Hear, hear.) The annual meeting of
the shipowners bad always been considered of the
highest importance, from its being composed of gentlemen
who were practically conversant with all the important
and intricate details connected with the shipping interest,
and therefore it was an occurrence at which they had an
opportunity of considering all those details, and of
expressing their opinion respecting them. Would
that the expression of their opinion had gone back
for a greater number of years ! Would that the
expression of their opinion had been attended with
greater success ! Would that they had not occasion
to meet with feelings of gloom and despondency, but
instead thereof to have well grounded expectations of
future prosperity ! But bad as was the present condition
of the shipowners it would have been touch worse were
it not for the unwearied efforts of a comparatively few
individuals, who, through evil report and good report, had
for many years past exerted themselves in favour of that
policy which was not only suited to their own interest
but to the interests of the nation, with which it
was so closely identified.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.")
It was to receive the report of that portion of individuals
they were to-day called together. It would not become
him to anticipate the details of that report, but he could
not help reverting to one particular part which had
occupied a great share of the pub:ic attention. He
referred to the Parliamentary inquiry into the state
of the British shipping interest, which took place in the
last session of Parliament. lie was the more impelled
to advert to it because it related to the evils and ruin
which that investigation exhibited. It was well known
that for many years past there had been reiterating complaints
which in his conscience he believed to be just, and
that they had demanded, but in vain, a solemn investi-
gation into the truth of them. The meeting would re•
collect that on the former occasion they had passed a re-
solution to the effect, that without insisting on the par-
ticular causes which had led to such a state of ruin and
distress, they solicited most earnestly an investigation for
the purpose of inquiry into the state and prospects
of the British Shipping Interest. That inquiry
was at length granted, and he hal before him the
published evidence which was then taken. The ship-
owners had been year after year maligned and misrepre-
sented, and particularly the manner in which they sought
to attain their objects, he was convinced was wilfully mis-
represented. They had been charged as monopolists,
and as persons regarding only their own interests, and
disregarding those of the nation. He denied the assertion.
Had their details of distress ever been denied ?
Let any man read carefully and emphatically
that pea of the evidence which related to the shipping
portion of the question, and he would feel convince.; that the
statements which had liith,rto be en made by the recognised
organs of the Shippt ri4 Society were true to the very letter.
They presumed not to the knowledge of statesmen, nor
to the policy by wh.ch this mighty empire should be
governed ; but that policy being assumed, and indeed ad-
mitted, that an extensive naval power should be maintained,
and could only be maintained by upholding a national met-
cantile marine, legislative measures should be resorted to
for the accomplishment of that object. To attain it by
the op-ration of the registration and navigation laws,
the British shipowners were exposed to most severe
restrict,ons.—( Hear, hear.) What they always claimed
was to remove those burdens or give them protection.
Every year's experience lied proved to him more and more
that the position he had laid down was correct ;
and until 1 e was convinced, either in o. out of Par-
liament, to the contrary, he ‘eotild never lessen his efforts
to ebtain what he considered an indisputable light. ;le
then adverted to a point of inquiry before the
House of Commons, respecting which he said, that
hiniself and those shipowners with whom he
associated, had been attacked by a. foul and abominable
calumny. lle alluded to a document in the Ed in-
burg/5 Review, in which it was stated, that those
who were so very loud in their demands for
a legislative investigation, had opposed the m ;king any
report upon the evidence given before the Commons'
Committee, and he declared that it was not true.
—(Hear, hear.) He explained that certain reso-
lutions were proposed in the Committee, which
he did no' consider were borne out by the evidence
and, therefore, he conceived it best merely to place
the evidence before the House of Commons and the
public, leaving them to judge of the real causes
of the present depression of the shipping interest. The
Honourable Gentleman, after a few observations, con-
cluded by requesting the Secretary to read the Report.
The Report, which was of very great length, was being
read when our reporters left.
