WALBROOK WARD,

July 22, 063. •
AT a LNG of the ALDERMAN, COM-
MON COulsiCt L., and It 4 11.-‘ll I rANTS of the
WARD of WA LP RoOK, held this day at Salters' Hall,
fur the purpose of taking. into consideration and submitting
to the sense of the i nhatetants at large, the .propriety of a
General Arming for the Defence of the Country, pursuant to
the Resolutions of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen,
at a qpecial Court held on the r irk Day of this Month,
THOMAS ROWCRO FT, Esq. Alderman, in the Chaif
The Inhabitants of this Ward having, on thei 6th of this
Month, assembled at this place, for the purpose of cOtisider-
ing the 'hest ;means in their power for contributinoo the
General Defence of the Coun'trY, and having then resolved
to increase thenumber of their Military Association, and to
raise a Subscription' to assist that_ purpose, and other mea-
sures necessary at this time, and having tince seen the spi-
rited and patriotic Resolutions of the Lord. Mayor and Court
of Aldermen; of the r ith of the present Month, slo now de-
Clare,
That the said Resolutions haVe their hearty concurrence,
and shall rtseiVe their best support; for, although they can-
tot bring-theiTiselveS either to believe, or fear,-that "a 1 'the
powerind resiiiirces.olymnee, strained to their "utmost by
the Despotig. Userpat ion by 'which that N at ion is coot roofed,
are equal to the gigantic and .tleiperate effort of Illusion,
, with which she haughtily menaces„these Islands, yet, 'Con.
Sidcring how strongly the 'evil passions. or inordinate ambi- •
tiOn, Envy and Ifesentment,:mav irritate and excite men
rewly raised to unexpetted power, anti to what at.,
tempts the hope of, pt under,- °and the dstlnsjve proinises and
Istmestions of Malignant ing'inuity, may lead an infatuated
Soldiery; feeling also, thtit our happy Constitution, our
Liberties, Lives and Property, arc threatened and attacked by
at tyrannous, ~ertiel, and implacable Foe, against Whose en-
terprizes the Power and Patriotism of the Countries seem,
for the present, 'the only certain hope of bold defence by
"'which (under the Divine. Provideo e) to work the rescue, or
,tinsure the safety, of the ;nearer part of Europe, Irons slavery
or degradation, and clearly convinced, that, in a canjunclure
so serious and decisive., Men of all ages,,ranks and coodition,
should stand forward,
.and by the strongest pledges of their
resolution, and the most adive exertions in.their poWer, as-
sist the. Government, and prove to their Country, and the
World at large, thaet hey are dcteimined to defend the peen-,
liar, blessings which, under their beloved Soverei,gn and happy
Constitution, they enjoy; and to preserve unsullied the high
reputation which the virtues and courage of their Ancestors
have obtained.
Resolved Unanimously, That this Ward will second the
lairdable endeavours oithe Lord Mayor and Court of ,Alder-
Then, for the manifestation of the spirit and .strength of the
Country at this momentous cr, an 4 will, under
theerglations orthe 11 now. before the Legislature for general
Arming and, Detenct.: of, the Country, adopt .and promote
every means to aid and carry into their tullest effi.el the Mea-
sures which shall be dettined proper for the Inhabitants of
this great City
Resolved Unanimously, That Thomas Rowcroft, gsq.
Alderman, Mr. Dcpitty Toultniii, Messrs. Winter, Speed,
Ilargaray. Tracers, Field, Alsager, Maxwell, Fourtirmier,
Nash, Cooper, Williams, Wall, Pearce, Hadley, Stubbs,
and Chainley, the.present.Comniittee of Military Associa-
than, be a Committee to carry into cad the purposes now
resolved.

Itesolved Unanimouily, That Messrs. John Rogers, Tho-
Inas Cartwright Jackson, Thomas Wild, John Atkins,
.ehael Gibbs, Robert Pitches, jun. Ephraim Haywood, and
Solomon Mut,n, be added to the said Committee.
De Resolved Unanimously, That. the Thanks of this Meeting
giverl to the Chairthan, for his attention to the business,
*tut able assistance in the Chair. . •
Resolved Unanimously, That these Declarations and Re-
g/Onions he subscribed by the Watt Clerk,,and inserted in
four Morning, and two Evening papers.
MOP, TIIOMAS, Ward Clark.

~aCITY OF DUBLIN TONTINE.
•
IrT-IFIE SUBSCRIBERS to the LIFE ANNUL
TIE S_ iran t by the CORPORATION of the CITY
of litflitTN, the 2t h Day of J tine '776, who are to be
paid their Interest in London, may receive a Halt Year's
Annuity, due at Midsuntmer last, by applying to Mr. WU.;
liam Coningba No. IS, Union-court, Old Broad-street,
every Wednesday, frorn Tea o'C lock tilt Two.
The Subscribers to bring with them filth Ilona, and a Cer-
tificate of the Life of the Nontin:e. It requested that in
ease of death notice may be given as above, tbr the future
benefit and regulation of each Class.

NEW LOTTERY.
BEGINS DRAWING, ph SEPTEMBER,
1833.

No• of Prizes.
Prizes of

SCHEME.
Valueofeath,
4 20,0.0.,

Total value'
400.0

ia,060
5,0e10
I,
5)o

2,n00
8,0 00
▪ 6,01 X)
3,000
240,:e0
• 120,0 CD

40
.050
•
24,000 Tickets

Ixo,ocra

First-drawn Ticket Seventh bay 420,000
First-dr:twit Ticket Last Morning 5,000
Arc Part of theubove Capitals.
TICKETS AND SHARES,,
" •, Are now selling at' every
LICENSED sTA-rE LOTTERY OFFiCE,
Ticket, EI7 .
Malt. Stio •1 Eighth,- 24 6
Quarter, 4 o 'Sixteenth, t 20 6
• Tickets will gradually rise.

4. •.,

• ESSEX. • •
TO BE Y All'CTt,
Some
tirlie in SeStrinber,SOLD►uttle.ißs before dis ONposed of by Pri
vate Coittraas,
mpset ancl. very Ftligible FREEHOLD -ES-
TATE, dined Gt;BBINS, situate in the
Parishes of Laitlon, A.:lint-Mt Hills, Limits Burste(t. and
pilw), in the Count). of Ess,:x in the occupation of \lr.
eniatnin Lime, corlsist log Of upwards of 366 Acres of excel-
lent Arable. belgAr,ls4 'arid Pasture I and, with a good Fartn
41°,„ust't anti itit'ablpEuildirigs4hereon.
hip Estate iles in a verPirtiproving part a coe
tb:°111 Iron: Burntwo t,
he Tltatikes, and tsithin
Estiite, 4)e- seen, and f ; .
tlf Applicatioil • Kcal,
(:-.41)11, ▪ wiv,)
=teat 101 tl►e Salt;
