THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1838.

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 19, 1838.

Some hopes are expressed in the Chronicle to-day,
and are largely shared in the city, according to the
communications from that quarter in the Morning
Journals, that Lord DURHAM will yet be induced to
retract his threatened resignation and retain the Go-
vernment of Canada. Her MAJESTY, it is reported,
has. written to his Lordship requesting him to do so,
vvhlle the Ministers more immediately connected with
him, Lord MELBOURNE and Lord GLENELG, have
written to him to express their perfect approbation
of his conduct. At the same time a very strong
popular demonstration in his favour has been
made in Canada. A requisition speedily and nume-
rously signed, the spontaneous production of the
alarm felt by the inhabitants of Quebec, has been pre-
sented to him not to resign. Opposing parties are said
to have laid aside their hostility in order to unite in
supporting him, and even the Newspapers have sus-
pended their quarrels to express their regret at his
anticipated departure, and a hope that he will not carry
his resolution into effect. Such a very flattering and
soothing homage will, if any thing can, induce Lord
DURHAM to remain in Canada; and when to this we add,
the desire he must naturally entertain to complete his
great and his good work, it seems not impossible that
the Noble Earl may get over his first deep sense of
mortification, and remain in Canada. The private
accounts, too, do not speak so favourably of the
situation of the Colony as. his Lordship's addresses ; and
if it be really exposed to considerable danger, inde-
pendently of his resignation, a sense of honour and
duty may prevent him from immediately leaving his post,
These circumstances seem to be the foundation of that
hope which is felt in the City and expressed by our:Morn-
ing Contemporaries, but which afterthe expressions used
by Lord DURHAM in his addresses in relation to the
Parliament and the Ministers, we cannot share. For
the good of Canada, probably, he should remain at
his post ; but for his'own reputation's sake, as long as
the world judges of a Statesman's conduct more by
a consideration of what is due to his personal honour
and feelings than by what is due to the public welfare,
he should probably come home. Public considerations
would induce us to recommend him to remain, but
some little knowledge of his character forbids us to
hope that even the soothing homage of her MAJESTY'S
request, and of the popular approbation, together with
the prospect of completing a good work, will induce
him so to act. Should he return, the Parliament,
which, it was stated very positively a few days ago,
would not meet till the beginning of February, will
probably be called together early in December. All
accounts represent the Colony as now threatened with
considerable danger; and it will be necessary that the
body which has caused the mischief should be assem-
bled to try if it can obviate the consequences of its
indiscretion.

There seems to be but one feeling among the
British inhabitants in the whole of our North Ameri-
can provinces on the subject of Lord DURHAM'S re-
signation. They would regard his departure as a de-
sertion of their cause—the hostility of the two parties
would break out with fresh vigour—and they would be
compelled to look for redress, rather to their own exer-
tions than to the acts of the British Parliament. What
these exertions might be during the ensuing winter,
the events of last year have given ample proofs. For
the peace of the colonies, and the accomplishment of
a great undertaking for which he was selected by his
SOVEREIGN, it is confidently expected that he will
disregard his own feelings, and look only to the in-
terests of the people—Canadian as well as British—

over whom he has been placed. With the exception of
the Quebec Gazette, nearly all the Journals in the Lower
and Upper Provinces take this view of the subject, and
display a degree of good sense and sound judgment
highly creditable to the conductors of the Colonial
Press. We give the following extract from the Popu-
laire as a specimen :
" Lord Durham's general conduct is not censured on one
solitary point—a single ordinance is disallowed, and even this
from objections rather to the form than to the grounds upon
the defects in the legal provisions required, and net upon
Lord Durham is in a situa-
the severity of the provisaionnsd .
tion to rave te sto, need not bend easily to the
blow levbelled ath him. rm
It is upon trying occasions that men
of energy temper their characters, and find resolution
to surmount the obstacles opposed to them. He left Eng-
land to restore order in this important portion of the British
dominions—lse undertook to soothe all our differences, and
cannot return to the mother country till he has fulfilled his
mission, whilst in so doing he will obtain the most trium-
phant victory over his political enemies."

Although we think it as superfluous, on a principle
of abstract justice, to argue against the policy of the
Corn-laws, as to argue against the policy of any ()diet-
species of robbery, for they are an open and avowed
though strictly legal robbery, yet u the question will

not be discussed in Parliament on principles of right
and wrong, it seems advisable to show occasionally
that they are injurious and inexpedient as well as un-

just. The avowed object of the laws is indeed iuiie
sufficient to satisfy all honest
. inen of the impolicy
of them, and ..1-„ey do not require even to reflect that
is in the wide world no class of quacks whose
egregious and enormous errors can match those of
the race of arrogant and expedient politicians.
They are continually at fault, even when they
have arithmetic to guide them, for two and two make
not four in the Customs, but sometimes less than
one-and-a-half. In their moral calculations they
they have gone continually still more wide of the truth,
for very few or none of their enactments have ever an-
swered their own expectations. Nothing short, there-
fore, of the most overwhelming evidence, which can set
aside all other records of experience, ought for one mo-
ment to make the public suppose that plunder decreed
by them, can ever be more expedient or beneficial than
the plunder which has not the sanction of their solemn
deliberations.

One of the statements cn which they most rely to
humbug the public is that corn cannot be grown as
cheap in England as in some neighbouring countries ;
that, consequently, were free importation to be allowed,
our agriculture would be depressed, our land would go
out of cultivation, and our people would become
-wholly dependent on foreigners for food, and our
manufacturers and traders would be much more in-
jured by the decay and distress of the rural and agri-
cultural population than benefited by the exclusion of fo-
reign trade. We mean to ,u')jcct these assertions to exa-
mination. They all depend on the statement that corn
cannot be grown as cliceply in England as in other
countries ; and we shall begin, therefore, by exa-
mining that. What is meant by the statement that it
costs more to grow corn here than in Poland ?
What are the elemcnts of the cost of growing
corn ? We put out of consideration the fertility of
the soil, for that costs nothing. In what that con-
sists no man exactly knows ; and many soils which to
one species of skirl are utterly barren and unproduc-
tive, are to another eminently fertile. But even
if we took it into consideration, we must say, with Mr.
CRAWFORD, in his last letter to the Glasgow Argus,
that " our climate is as geed and our soil is more fer-
tile than any in Europe, the great plains of Lombardy
and Flanders excepted." It was long ago remarked
by ARTHUR YOUNG that, acre for acre, the produce of
the corn land of England was considerably greater
than the produce of the corn land of France. Taking
England on the average, and, throughout, its fertility is
fully equal to that of any country of Europe ; we mean
that the application to any portion of its surface, of
average fertility, of any given quantity of labour,
with our present knowledge, will produce as
much corn as the same quantity of labour
applied to any portion of Poland or Prussia, of average
fertility ; and that on the score of relative fertility it
does not require or cost more labour to produce corn in
England than in Poland.
But it is said that our increasing population compels
us to have recourse to land of decreasing fertility,
which requires more labour to win from it an equal
supply. This is not a fact, but a theory, put forth by
Mr. RICARDO and Mr. MA LTHus ; and it is not a
little curious that those who continually deride both
these writers, blindly adopt one of their most
glaring errors as the groundwork and defence
of a nefarious scheme of plunder. So far is it from
fact, that the last land taken into cultivation produces
less than that before cultivated, that Mr. ELLMAN,
a great agriculturist in Sussex, a sturdy advocate of
the Corn-laws, and therefore an excellent authority,
asserts in a letter recently published, that, notwith-
standing the great increase of population in the
county, the breadth of corn-land under cultivation
has not increased, but the produce of the county,
and, of course, of the land last cultivated, has
increased. The increased supplies required, however,
for our increasing population, are mainly drawn, inde-
pendently of the increasing fertility of England, from
Ireland and Scotland ; and it is a well-known fact
that the land there recently cultivated with wheat, and
particularly in the former country, exceeds in fertility the
wheat land of England. It is not true, therefore,
that we are obliged to have recourse to land of decreas-
ing fertility to obtain food. That is a mere theory
framed to account for a partial phenomenon, and
to bolster up, by a one-sided view of the progress
of population, a multitude of political wrongs.
But even if this were true, by what right or by
what sort of reasoning can the Legislature justify its
scheme of making the community pay a great increase
of price on all the corn grown on land of superior fer-
tility, in order to retain in cultivation the inferior
land? Suppose that there are ten millions of acres
cultivated with wheat, and that on • one million
it costs five shillings per quarter more to grow
wheat than on the other nine millions ; is it not
a gross, a palpable, a manifest injustice to make, by law,
the people pay ss. per quarter more on all the corn
grown on the nine millions of acres, in order to keep
the one million of bad land in cultivation ? If it be
right to act on a principle of encouraging the cultiva-
tion of bad land, the Legislature is bound to ascertain
the land which requires additional labour and expense
to grow corn, and to confine the bounty to that,
and not enrich at our expense the owners of the
fertile land, by making us give them an increased
price for their commodity. But the whole statement
is a piece of sheer humbug and false theory, which has
no foundation in fact. It is not true that it costs more
to grow corn as society advances ; it is not true that
the acre of land last taken into cultivation yields less
corn than the acre first cultivated two thousand years
ago ; it is not true that England is relatively to labour
less fertile than any other countries ; and it is not
true, therefore, on the score of fertility, or on
the score of increasing population, that it costs more
to grow the corn required by our people than to grow
corn in Poland or in Prussia.
We have now said all that is necessary on the sub-
ject of the fertility of our own and other countries,
and we shall examine the real elements of the cost of
growing corn, into which fertility does not enter, in
another Paper.

The contest which has been going on for the last
few days in the parish of St. George, Southwark,
ended yesterday, as our readers will perceive, in the
triumph of the Liberal party. There were two ques-
tions at issue, and two separate polls were taken.
The first was whether a twopenny or three halfpenny
Church-rate should be laid, which was decided in
favour of the smaller rate. The object of the Liberal
party, in reducing the rate, was to prevent certain
items—such as the washing of surplices, sundry
dozens of fine old sherry, &c.—which the Church-
wardens had introduced into their estimate, and which
they obstinately persisted in retaining, from being paid
for out of the pockets of the parishioners. If the
ecclesiastical authorities of St. George's choose to
jollify, they must now pay their own reckoning.
The second question related to the building of a
house for the Rector. The abuse-supporting Tories
were for an immediate vote in favour of the proposition.
The Liberals thought that it might admit of some doubt
whether it was better policy to purchase an acre of
freehold ground (for this was stated to be the smallest
quantity that could f.,r,n the foundation and appurte-
I nances of a recutoeritaol mpaatylsiothne), aßndecbtourildeiaghhtoy puseouupnodn
it, s
or to con=

a-year in lieu of a house. They, therefore, proposed
that the consideration of the subject should be post-
poned until next Easter, when a full attendance of the
parishioners might be expected. They carried this
point also, so that the Tories of St. George's South-
wark have not come off with flying colours.

In another place we insert a well deserved testimo-
nial to the merit of Captain HOSKEN, and the advan-
tages conferred on the country by the Company,
which, by sending the Great Western across the At-
lantic, has afforded such striking proofs of the power
of steam navigation. On an inspection of the log of
that ship, published in our Journal yesterday, the re-
markable fact is apparent, that whatever might
be the wind or the weather, the number of
miles she ran each day varies comparatively little.
The first day was, we presume, a short one, and we
omit it ; the second, in calm weather, she made only
' 206 miles, for which we cannot account, but on all the
rest of the days the greatest variation was only 34
miles. The length of the outward voyage, four days
more than the homeward voyage, shows that the wind
and the waves are yet of some consideration in steam
navigation ; but four days in a distance of nearly three
thousand miles is a pretty correct measure of the
maximum of their influence. The noble passages of
the Great Western, therefore, and the equal distances
she performed each day, entitle us to assert that steam
navigation enables man to rise superior to both wind
and waves.

Great praise is due to Sir LIONEL SMITH,'
:he Governor-General of Jamaica, for the zeal, the

industry, and the patience with which his Excellency
labours to promote a spirit of concord between the
West India Planters, and the newly emancipated co-
loured population. To restrain the insolence of a
hitherto dominant and tyrannical faction—to moderate
the fanciful expectations of an ignorant population,
intoxicated with the first draught of liberty—to
substitute a mutual forgetfulness of wrong and
the knowledge of a common interest, for hatred
on the one side and a spirit of dark revenge on the
other, has been the constant endeavour of the
Governor-General since the first of August last.
Nor was the conduct by which he sought to prepare

the minds of the colonists of every class for the
events of a day so glorious in the annals of Christian
England less distinguished by the attributes of a just,
a liberal, and a truly paternal policy. To the
rude complaints of the negroes he personally
lent a patient ear, and by remembering in his judg-
ments that they were men and not slaves, he won their
entire esteem and confidence ; while in repressing the
domineering spirit of the planters, he covered
them with confusion by continually reminding
them that they were Englishmen—the fellow-sub-
jects of a people boasting of their independence,
proud of their free institutions, and naturally ad-
verse to every species of cruelty and oppression.
By blending the inflexibility of a just Governor and
Chief Magistrate with the mild persuasiveness of a
general Pacificator—by uniting in his individual per-
son the decisiveness of a Judge with the temporizing
moderation of a friendly umpire, Sir LIONEL SMITE!
contrived to surmount difficulties which would have
proved fatal to any Colonial Administration conducted
under similar circumstances, with a temper less pliant,
and in a spirit more arbitrary than he was careful to
exhibit. But while the accounts from the West Indies,
which appear in another part of The Sun, proclaim
the justice, the humanity, and the political wisdom of
Sir LIONEL SMITH'S past exertions, they are not
calculated to satisfy us that no future evil will arise
from the cupidity of the planters, and the ignorance
of the free labourers. On the contrary, we believe
that there never was a time more fraught with the
seeds of danger to the Colonies in the West Indies
than the present, provided the greatest pains be not
taken to hold the balance even among all parties, and
above all to give life, vigour, and vivifying effect to the
counsels of the Governor, in all that relates to the ad-
ministration of a mediatorial authority. It will be
seen that Sir LIONEL SMITH openly charges several
agents of the planters with deliberately endea-
vouring to destroy the value of Jamaica estates
in the British market, for the malevolent pur-
pose of creating a panic ; and, though the
charge was preferred in the presence of a body of
agents, it does not appear that a syllable of denial
was uttered. Now, it must be manifest to every friend
to the peace of the Colonies that the sooner such
agents are dismissed, and, if possible, removed from
the West Indian Islands, the greater will be the
security of life and property. As we have more
than once stated, the old slave-driving whites
ought to be entirely removed, and their places
upon the estates filled by men whose minds and
morals have not been contaminated by a fami-
liarity with the degrading vices of slavery. To
effect this is one of the good works that ought
to engage the attention of the English emanci-
pationists, and, less directly, the Supreme Govern-
ment. We are confident that there are many planters
in England who would dismiss their agents at a
moment's notice, if made acquainted with the moral
impossibility of their superintending, with justice, the
labours of a race of whom all pre-existing laws made
them the merciless tormentors. Let the oppresssors
disappear with the oppression, and all may yet be well.

The Paris Journals of Wednesday have just been
received by express. In the annexed extracts from
them will be found all the news they bring of interest :
An extraordinary courier, who left Madrid on the night
of the Bth, arrived yesterday evening at the hotel of the
Spanish Legation. He has brought the nomination of the
Marquis de Aliraflores, as Ambassador Extraordinary to
the Court of France, in the room of the Marquis d'Espeja,
who has for some time past been soliciting his recal, to be
able to go to Spain, where family affairs of great im-
portance require his presence.
The Imperial Council of Commerce has had to-day its
second sitting, to hear the delegates of the sea-ports and of
the two rival parties.
The Memorial de Bordeaux, of the 13th, publishes the
following extract of a letter from M. Laborde, French
agent at Rio Hacha, addressed to M. Dupeyrat, jun., at
Bordeaux, and dated June 30 :

" Be so good, Sir, as to have the following article in-
serted in the journals :
". The Government of New Grenada, by virtue of a law
of the 2d of May last, declares the importation of all kinds
of silver coin prohibited in the ports of New Grenada, on
pain of confiscation.
L. LABORDE, French Agent."'
A Spaniard, the Marquis de Villa Palma, who was pass-
ing through Bordeaux, was suspected of zealously labour-
ing to promote the success of the cause of Don Carlos, from
whose head-quarters he came. The police caused a domici-
liary visit to be made, and he was afterwards ordered to
quit Bordeaux, and go far into the interior of Chateauroux.
—Moniteur.
The Ilioniteur contains the decree of Marshal Vallee
relative to the government and administration of the pro-
vince of Constantine, and a letter from the Marshal to the
Minister of War, relative to the occupation of Stora.
The Memorial Bordelais, a French Ministerial journal,
very much devoted to the cause of Christiana, has the fol-
lowing article :
" ARRIVAL IN SPAIN OF THE PRINCESS OF BEIRA AND OF

THE PRINCE OF THE ASTURIAS.
" One of the journals of this city lately mentioned a
domiciliary visit at the house of the Marquis de Villa
Palma, who lives at Bordeaux. The object of this mea-
sure was probably connected with a report that was in cir-
culation yesterday that the Princess of Beira, sister of Don
Ivliguel and Don Pedro, and also of the late consort of Don
Carlos, has lately passed through Bordeaux, and has al-
ready entered Spain with the eldest son of the Pretender,
who is twenty-one years of age, and with the Abbe Amat,
delegated by the Pope to perform the solemnity of her
marriage with Don Carlos."
The Princess of Beira, a Portuguese, who is said to be
endowed with rare talents and extraordinary energy, would
thus become, in fact, the Pretended Queen of Spain.
We were informed of the entrance of these two illus.

trious personages into Navarre, but we thought it better
not to speak of it till we received our letters from the Royal
head-quarters. The young Prince and the Princess left
Bayonne on the morning of the 11th, and arrived on the
12th, at Urdax, the first village on the Royalist frontiers of
Spain. Their Royal Highnesses were accompanied by two
ecclesiastics, Senor Tamirez de la Pisceira and Arnett.—
Gazette de France.

Dutch and Brussels mails have been received this
morning. We subjoin extracts from them
THE HAGUE, Oct. 10.—The Second Chamber of the
States General had its first sitting to-day. The qualifica•
tier' of the new members were examined and approved.
The Chamber afterwards balloted for three candidate for
the office of Speaker. The choice fell on M. de Jonge Van
Campius Nicuedlandt, M. Luza, and M. Van Sytzaraa.
The list will be presented to his Majesty to choose one.
The Chamber then adjourned indefinitely.
M. Van Gennep, Minister of State, is appointed by his
Majesty President of the First Chamber of the States Ge-
neral during the present Session.—Handelsblad, Oct. 17.
The Handelsblad says, the hope held out in the King's
speech that the negociations with the Plenipotentiaries in
London will lead to an arrangemeut compatible with the
honour and true interest of the Netherlands, have bad
to-day a rather favourable influence on the prices of our
funds, several persons having been tempted to become
purchasers in Two-and-a-Half per Cents., which gave great
firmness to the several descriptions of Stock.—Dutch
Papers, Oct. 17.

THE HAGUE, OCT. 15.—We hear by express that their
Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Russia, and the
three Grand Duchesses their daughters, landed on the 7th
of the month at Royal, to proceed on their journey to St.
Petersburgh by land.—Journal de la Haye, Oct. 16.
BRUSSELS, OCT. 16.—The average prices of corn in the
week ending on the 13th were—Wheat, 23f. 16c. ; Rye,
13f. 53c. per hectolitre. Wheat is there free, still exempt
from import duty ; and Rye continues to pay 21f. 50c. per
1,000 kilogrammes. Several more witnesses have been in-
terrogated in the affair of Mr. Ries.

Mr. Melchior Kamp, of Antwerp, has just been ap-
pointed Consul-General of the Papal States for all Bel-
gium, by letters patent, dated September 20. This is the
first time that the Courts of Rome has appointed a Con-
sul-General in this country, This circumstance must be
favourable to the commercial interest of Belgium, and
affords a new proof of the harmony that subsists between
the two Governments.

DUTCH FUNDS.—AmerEenAm, OCT. 16,
Money. BIM.
n ctual Debt, 25,.E per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A,eort Svndic, 4% per cent 955,y 95'
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent. 7d 4 795 x;
Commercial Company, 4',; per cent 17,31 172%
Ditto (1F.32 and 1833) 5 per cent.
Loan 183 ii, 4 per cent.
Ditto 1837, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month l2 11%
Two months
BELGIAN k UNDS--Bitussm.s, OcT. 17.
Actnal Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Lean, 5 per Cent. ll2
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
--- 3 per Cent. 65%
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent 97
Society of Commerce, 4% per Cent 150%
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent l4O
National Society .
—Brussels Papers, Oet. 17.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Vimxua, OcT. 6.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents
Bank Shares 1460
—AllgemeineZeitung, Oct. 11.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, OCT. 12.
Bills, Money,
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Die o ditto 3 per cent. BO
Ditto ditto 24 per cent, —
Liao Bank Shares 1440 1437
Ar.glo-Russian Loan lOB% 11'85,4
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent L 214 102
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent —
Ditto, 3 per cent. —
Dutch 2', per Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents 100),
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets .. 154% 151 14
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents .. 72% 721/,
Norwegian Loan of 1534, 4 per cents.
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents..., —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent —
Greek 4 per cents. 1833, guaranteed by France
—llanzburg Papers, Oct. 13.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, OCT. 12.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent 10274 102%
Prussian Engiish Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 103 102%
Lxchange on London, three months 6 23%
—Prussian State Gazette, Oct. 13.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE O'CLOCK.
There is a prevailing opinion that Lord Durham will not
leave the Canadas, particularly when he receives the late
despatches sent to him by Government, inclosing an auto-
graph letter from her Majesty, requesting him to continue
the management of affairs in Canada. If such is the fact,
it is generally expected he will comply with the request of
the Queen.

THE FUNDS.

Consols continue steady this morning at the leaving off
prices of yesterday, 83i Money ; 934 f for the Ac-
count, with little business doing as yet ; Exchequer Bills,
61 63 ; India Bonds, 62 63 ; Bank Stock, 2031 2041;
India Stock, 262 '263.

Spanish Active, l 7i- 18 ; Portuguese, 324 ; Three
per Cents., 20i 21 ; Brazilian, 78i 9 ; Mexican, 22 23 ;
Dutch Two-and-a-Half, 538
We have very few arrivals.
Consols have rather improved since our former price, and
may be quoted at 938 94 for the Account, Exchequer Bills
also, 63 65.

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
India Stock
Ditto Bonds 65 63 pm.
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities
New Ditto
3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 —
Exch. Bills, £l,OOO ...C4 63 65 pm.
Ditto 500
Ditto Small 63 66 pm.
Ditto Commercial — pm.
Ditto Advertised
Bank Stock for Account
India Stock for Account
Consols for Account 9336 % 4
.'HIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Account
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto New Bonds
Ditto Accoun`
Ditto, 3 per Cent.
Ditto Account
Prussian Bonds
Russian Bonds, 1822
Ditto Account
Ditto Metallic
Spanish Bonds
Ditto Account
Ditto Bonds, 1834
Ditto Account.
French, 5 per cent.
4 per cent.
3 per cent.
Exchange. —f. —c.
Dutch, 2% per cent. ~.53% 4 3% 4
Ditto Account 54
Ditto, 5 per cent......
Ditto Account
1 DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Paid. Per Share
Great Western Railway Company
London and Greenwich Railway Company 2O 1
South Eastern and Dover Railway Company 0 4
HALF-PAST ONE.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Bank Stock 20314 4%
3 per Cent. Red. 9276 3% 3
3 per Cent. Cons. 93%% '
3t per Cent 10044%
Ditto Red. 100%404
New a% per Cent 1015,4%%
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities to expire
Jan. 5, 1560 l5 1-16%
Oct. 10, 1859 14 15-161
Jan. 5, 1860 l5 5-16
Jan. 5, 188,1 —
April 5, 1880 —
Jan. 5, 11370 —
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds 109%
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds 79 8%
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
D.tto Account
Columbian Bonds —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1824 —
Ditto Account —
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account —
Greek Bonds —
Ditto Bonds, 1825 —
Ditto Account —
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent.—
Ditto Account —
Ditto, 6 per Cent 22%
Ditto Account
Neapolitao —

During the course of the morning Consols improved to
94 for the Account, and 931 for Money, since which they
are not quite so good, and may be quoted at 931 94; Mo-
ney, 93i 8.
Exchequer Bills improved to 65 premium ; India Bonds
65 63 premium ; Bank Stock 2031 to 2041 ; India Stock
262 263.

In the Foreign Market Spanish Active 174 18 ; Por-
tuguese, 321 lower ; Three per Cents., 20i ; Brazilian
lower, 784 ; Mexican 224 ; Colombian 234 244 ; Dutch
Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 54 ; Five per Centloo4.
We have no further arrivals ; scarce a bargain doing in
shares. Great Western 134 prem.
THREE O' CL U CK.
Consols for the Account, 94.

The late Right Hon. Sir Robert Grant, Governor
of Bombay, whose demise we announced yesterday, was in his
fifty-third year. He was brother to Lord Glenelg, and by
his marriage with a daughter of the late Sir Duncan Davidson,
has left an infant family. Lieutenant-General Sir John Keane
has been appointed pro tem. Governor of Bombay.
RECTOR OF THE UNIVERSITY--We are
render it
au-
thorised to state that " particular circumstances"
las t
tat Glas-
gowimpossible for the Duke of Wellington to be p
were elected, and therefore that he has declined to .
of
his
Grace,
nomination. In consequence of the
for the purpose of being installed as L.orddresßtoecbteorp,uift hein
resolved was
h etlod
night (Wednesday) when it was unanimou
Grace, a meeting of the Conservative Students
Y This, we are
sup-
port Sir James Graham at the ensuing
election.
to the Conservative
confident, will give universal satittiow
Chronicle.
party throughout the country. tit
Noble Marquis accompanied
Tuesday from Oxford, whereoth
Balliol College. This noble
his son, Lord Edwin Hill, t
Continent on Friday. i
from the
family arrived in town
selling in this neighbourhood at
The
eopwrinacsebbeewitritelelr3geufarloitmy returnedshe
lalistr..of:rteor3:lw..n,n
and
o
Good cyder is now;.
two guineas per hogshead The potatoe crop is excellent, and it is
some as high as 101.
1601....b5). Taunton Courier.
expected that the average
3i
ns
g.
i:a
at
ib aEg
Since then, however, the
offellagshetand the beginning of the present, week, we
symptoms of an early winter. On Saturday morn-
WEATHER IN EDINBURGII----During the
excessively
cold.
had a
few flakes of snow fell, and, during the day and Sunday,
the wind was
temperature has been much milder. On Monday, we bad
ihowers of rain now and then throughout the day ; and yester-
day, the rain felt heavily during the day, and accompanied
' scoreeessiv
with a brick. wind in the evening. The harvest operations
latterupathrteo
have been almost all brought to a close, and the only concern
now with the farmer is the securing of the potatoe crop, which
has been partially commenced.--Pilot of Wednesday.
