PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

J. Pighills and J. Stead, corn millers, A, perl'y-bridge, York-
shire—J. and J. Thomson, solicitors, Manchester—W. Wilson and
Co., merchants, Liverpool—G. Kitching ani L. Fearnley, manu-
facturers of Britannia metal goods, Sheffield—J. Rimmer and Co.,
dyers, Salford—R. Hall and I'. Freeman, tailors, Maddox-street,
Hanover-square--A. Thomson and T. Exton—A. Canney and M.
E. Norris, schoolmistresses, Broadstairs, Kent—S. Smith and S.
Newberry, warehousemen, Manchester—S. Thompson and W. Col-
linson, commission agents, Kingston-upon-Hull—J. and W. A.
Benham, grocers. Strand—R. Scholes, sen., and R. Scholes, jun.,
corn dealers, Huddersfield—T. S. Lee and T. Howard, salesmen,
Smithfield—W. G. Whitbread and C. H. Thompson, chinarnen,
Whitechapel-road—J. and J. Anderton, saddlem, Walton-le-Dale,
Lancashire—J. Hardisty and W. Beck, broketa, Liverpool—E.
Stevens and H. Bartlett, commission agents, BngLton—J. Flather
and M. Oakes, pawnbrokers, Sheffield—H. Crompton and J. Grif-
fiths, paper dealers, Liverpool—C. P. Chapman and F. W. N.
Crouch, zincographic printers, Cornhill—R. Sharpe and Co., cof-
fee dealers, Liverpool.

The Ulster Canal is proceeding rapidly. Ab out
two thousand men are employed on it. 'The cut fras extex ded
as far as Tullybrick Lake, near Middleton, Armagh. The
locks, &c. are all ready, and it is expected that tl to eanal w1:1
be completed in another year.--Irish Paper.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 26, 1835.

A Morning Contemporary, by no means remarkable
for steadiness or consistency of character, has put
forth an elaborate article, the aim and end of which
are to frighten Lord MELBOURNE into a resignation.
" If," says our 'Contemporary, " he cannot enlist a
larger force of the English . Aristocracy, the more
seemly part for the Noble Viscount would be, to tell
the KING he cannot carry on the Government; unless,
indeed, he considers the time ripe for attempting to
rule and make laws for the British Empire, by a
small majority in the House of Commons alone,
with KING and Peers against him." Now the
very circumstance of his Lordship being unable
to " enlist a larger force of the English Aris-
tocracy," is, we think, an argument that, so far
from telling against him, tells strongly in his favour ;
for it is proof positive that, in all his plans of Reform,
he has an eye to the interests of the many, instead of
the few. Were his measures to be such as an unre-
formed, irresponsible House of Lords could consis-
tently support, they would be no better than those
glanced at by Sir ROBERT PEEL in his famous Tam-
worth Manifesto ; and we all know what sort of Re-
formers this Gentleman and his Tory colleagues were.
In such a case his Lordship's resignation might very
justly be called for ; but.certainly not when he acts, as
he is now acting, in so manly and straightforward a
manner as to subject himself to the interested hosti-
lity of the whole Tory faction in the House of Lords.
This very hostility, we repeat, redounds to his
credit, both as a man, and as a Minister ; and,
instead of inducing him to resign, should supply
him with fresh inducements to continue at the helm.
So long as he has a majority of the House of Com-
mons—which, after all that has been said about our
happily-balanced Constitution, is the really efficient
GoN ernment of the country—to back him, he may
treat the apposition of the House of Lords with con-

tempt ; for it is an oppositidi; however vehe
ment, may ht.! neutralized in a variety of ways, among
the most effectual of which we may locution a creation
t beefs dna rt atoppage of supplies. While, there-
fore, his Lordship poSSeaacD this power of reducing a
refractory oligarchy to ohcdicnce, it is his duty to re-
main at his post, whatever our Janus-faced Morning
Contemporary May Allege to the e9)itrary.

We have reason to believe that it is the intention of
their Lordships tO E.lft, matters with a high hand.
At, a numerous gathering of the Tory Peers which
teal~ place yesterday, the most inflammatory counsels
were those which wei' received with the most appro-
bation by the majority of those who attended. Some
few, tre tinderstand, had the good sense to recom-
mend moderation ; but their advice was altogether un-
heeded, the meeting being almost unanimously of opi-
nion that the "No Surrender line of conduct was the
only line that they could now adopt with safety to
themselves, and advantage to the community. Their
Lordships, it is clear, are demented, or they never
would have even dreamed of coining to a resolution so
fatal to their own authority. The slightest reflection
might have served to convince them of the folly of pro-
voking a collision with the House of Commons, in
which, even under the most favourable circumstances,
they cannot but be worsted. Let them look back to
the last ten years, and sec what very little effect their
opposition has had on all measures of rational Re-
form. Notwithstanding their vehement, uncompro-
mising hostility, they could not prevent the pass-
ing of the Bill for the repeal of the Test and Cor-
poration Acts—of Catholic Emancipation—and of
Reform ; and if they could offer no efictual resistance
to these measures, at a time when their influence in
the House of Commons, and generally over the minds
of the people, was full ten times as great as it is now,
what resistance can they expect to make on the pre-
sent occasion ? They may indeed succeed in creating
a temporary confusion, and embarrassing the move-
rnents of Ministers ; but this is the very utmost they
can do. The Corporation Bill will be passed in spite
of them ; for never were the minds of the people so
fully made up as they are on this all-engrossing ques-
tion ; and their Lordships' amendments, so far from
throwing a damp over this popular determination, has
in reality supplied it with additional energy. Let the
collision then come when it may, the People and their
Representatives are prepared for it, and, firm in union,
can afford to laugh at their Lordships' blustering
threat of " No Surrender."

The country must wait for another Session of Par-
liament before any improvements are made in the Law
of Debtor and Creditor. The Imprisonment for Debt
Bill—a measure of vast importance to the people of
England—a measure which cost the country the ex-
pense of a legal Commission, and the Commons of
England, aided by the first lawyers of the land, weeks
of arduous labour and inquiry—this measure, so im-
portant in every point of view, must stand in abeyance
for some months to come. It will be seen
by referring to the debate in the House of Lords last
night, on the postponement of the Bill, that Lord
LYNDHURST declared it impossible that a Bill so
complex in its details could be examined at so late a
period in the session ; and that if it were allowed to
stand over, he would " be prepared to attend to the
details with a mind completely unbiassed." We quote
from the Morning Post, and the expressions are too
remarkable to be soon forgotten. No doubt the
country will derive some satisfaction from learning
that any Bill which affects its interests so nearly
is likely to obtain his Lordship's " unbiassed" con-
sideration ; but still the acknowledgment of a bias so
very strong on the part of a Noble and Learned Sena-
tor, as to disqualify him from approaching the subject
now, will not tend to increase a respect for his opinions
on the Municipal Reform Bill. His Lordship is a
member of several Corporations, and with all re-
spect for the impartiality of a legal Peer, we must
take the liberty of believing that the prospect of a close
Corporation dinner and a gold snuff-box, is more likely
to bias his judgment, than an apprehension of the disuse
of Debtors' Prisons.

It is singular that all Bills which have a tendency to
improve our institutions reach the Lords either so late
that no time remains to examine them, or in so crude
a state, that they require to be entirely re-modelled.
The Commons can frame no Bills to please the Lords,
but such as are of a restrictive or coercive character.
The Six Acts were all perfect—the two Coercion Bills
for Ireland were patterns of legislative capacity. The
Lords would have passed five thousand such Bills in a
single week. But the Reform Bill, the Central Courts
Bill, the Irish Church Bill, the Municipal Reform Bill,
and the Imprisonment for Debt Bill--these all left the
House of Commons in a state so imperfect, that
the most illustrious Members of the Upper House
have mistaken them for the composition of Revolu-
tionists. Why the Commons should be always right
in their coercive policy, and always wrong in their
measures of amelioration, are questions which we shall
take some other opportunity of answering. At pre-
sent we only refer to the fact as illustrating the pro-
position that the principle of despotism—social, civil,
political, and ecclesiastical—alone finds unanimity of
response in the bosom of the House of Lords.

We rejoice to learn„from the Paris papers of Mon-
day now before us, that France begins to be sensible of
the treachery of her KING, and that the wretched tools
of his apostacy and ambition in the Legislative Cham-
bers, will find it impossible to carry the projects of law
for revoking the Constitutional Charter into operation,
without encountering another revolution. The oppo-
sition in the Chamber of Deputies, though powerless
in attempts to retard the passing of laws for revoking
the Charter, is numerically strong enough to lead
France to the achievement of a third victory over
the enemies of her social and political freedom.
The enlightened heads and gallant hearts who deli-
vered the nation from the iron yoke of CHARLES X.,
have not all become insensible to the wrongs of their
country,--the stream of corruption has not saturated the
entire soil of France. Even within the precincts
of the Tuileries there are brave men ready to
lay down their lives in defence of the Charter
of 1830 now being revoked by command of the
CITIZEN KING. We could, but shall not name these
men, as we might expose them pretnaturely to the
hatred of a Monarch, who secs an enemy in every per-
son opposed to the re-establishment of a despotism in
France.

It is among the most merciful dispensations of Pro-
vidence that tyrants are ever foremost in accelerating
their own downfall, and that by some measure not ne-
cessarily connected with the upholding of a system of
domestic despotism. Blinded by past success, they
fancy themselves secure, when, in point of fact, they
have only reached the brink of the precipice towards
which they were madly hastening. They arc all eye
when there is no danger ; but when the next step must
be made in air, they close their eyes and dash forward,
as if Nature was bound to accommodate itself to their
pleasure. It is thus with the CITIZEN KING, who
chooses the instant in which he is engaged in strangling
the liberties of France to enter into a secret negocia-
tion with the Autocrat of all the ItusslAs. • The
destroyer of the nationality of Poland, and the abro-
gator of the constitutional charter of France, have

been too long strangers to the policy of each other.
They are kindred spirits who have sought to accom--
plish the same end by different means. Loins
PHILLYPPE is heartily tired of his connection 'vol
Great Britain ; and the quadruple treaty is a thorn in
his side, of which he would be happy to get rid
through the instrumentality of the Czar of Muscovy.
He knows that to revoke the Constitutional Charter,,,
and to retain the friendship of England at the same
time, would be impossible ; therefore he throws him-
self into the arms of Russia, in the hope that
by sanctioning the partition of Poland, and 07
tifying the present Government of the Lem-
bardo-Venetian Kingdom; he will obtain the support
of the Sovereigns of the North towards the establish-
ment c,f a Kingly despotism in France. We ore
further inclined to attribute to Russian influence the
delay which has taken place in sending the required
aid to the assistance of the Queen of SPAIN. In fact, as
we stated some days since, Louis PIIILLIPPE would
rejoice were any circumstance to occur which would seelo
to justify him in supporting Don CA It LOS. He was
not aware at an earlier period that the Spaniards
either
understood the meaning of political freedom, or that
they had any wish to obtain it. Ile supposed the
collision was purely personal, though veiled under spe-
cious names, and that whether Don CA Rims or
Donna ISABELLA reigned, the people would be
equally king-ridden, priest-ridden, and passively obe-
dient. He now finds that he had quite mis-
taken the real drift and merit of the question
that Spain will and must have a Constitution, and
a really representative Government. This alarms
him ; especially as he is prevented by the qua-
druple alliance from openly declaring against the
Christinos. The revolutionary movements in Cata-
lonia arc conducted on principles so extremely rational,
considering the popular excitement, that they offer rlO
pretext for renouncing all connection with the IVladria
Cabinet.

The Messagcr of Monday evening has a long
article on the state of affairs in the East. The writer
states, on the authority of a letter dated 27th of JULY
from Constantinople, that the SULTAN, at the insti-
gation of Russia, will not wait for the spring in order
to commence hostilities against MEHEMET ALI. The
Messager says that the real object of Russia is to
provoke a war, which will so weaken the SULTAN Oa
his vassal, that she may with impunity appropriate
a few more provinces of the Ottoman Empire, and
asks—Will Western Europe tolerate such an outrage 7
The question may be important, but we greatly fear
that France will find herself in no disposition to air
swer it, while LOUIS PHILIPPE is suffered to sway
her destinies. If French Editors fear expatriation,
we advise them by all means to steer clear of imputa-
tions against the justice and clemency of the Czar
of RUSSIA ; for be it known to them, that King
Lours PHILLIPPE has entered into a bond of frater-
nity with that Imperial Personage. LOUIS Pllll'.
LIPPE attempt to restrain the devastating course of the
Emperor NICHOLAS ! No, no : these Sovereigns have
personally a common object—the slavery of mankind.
The secret past between Lours PHILIPPE and
NICHOLAS, reminds us of the story of the On/
and the dwarf who journeyed together, waging l'it`r
against their mutual enemies. They were always sue'
cessful, but unfortunately for the poor pigmy, the
wounds all fell to his share, and in the moment of in°
greatest triumph, he had neither a leg to stand upon'
nor a hand with which to wield a weapon. LOOS
PHILLIPPE will realise the fortune of the dwarf. fie
will annihilate the Orleans' dynasty in France, while(
co-operating to trample down the last remains °
Polish independence ; and when NICHOLAS Pr°•
nounces his ally a hero, Lours PHILLIPPE will re'
quire such a shelter as Russia may think worthy the
grateful acceptance of a dethroned Sovereign.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARTS, Amin 24.
Five per Cents 108 f. 90c. 95c. lU9f.
Four and a Half per Cents., 101 f. 85c.
Four per Cents.,9Bf. 25c.
Three per Cent,. 7Sf. 60c. 55c. 65c. 60e.
Bank Actions, 2,025 f.
Rente de Naples, 90f. 9:c.
Roman Pive per Cents., 101%.
Heine oPEspagne, Five per Cents., 325; 34.
liente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 21 22 21%.
Royal Spanish Loan,
'dente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cent., 32% 33 34.
Portugue:c Loan, Five per Cent., 87
Portuguese Three per Cents 51 M% 55.
•
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25t 52%c.
Three months, paper, —f. —c. money, 2511
i. tb°
BOURSE, THREE O'CLOCK.—The stocks, partictuar.d-
-v
Spanish, have sensibly recovered since last Saturday, the sip
counts given by the Government papers of the disturboseeg.
Madrid having been deemed favourable by the speculators,. ee
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 1081. 95c. •
~,,11',.reo
per Cents., 78f. 60c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 34; 1"„),,
per Cents. Spanish, ; Cortes, 34; Coupons, ; Gt 3;
bards, 34; ; Differes, 144-; New Loan, 401-; Actives, 3:3;
Passives, Ducats, 96 90; Romans, 1011; PedroS, 60
Belgians, —; Dutch, —; lia)tians, —f.; Miffuels,
Brab:Pt Bank, 11:1-.

as,
German and Brussels papers have been received'
A project has been set on foot for uniting the 01,14
and the Danube by a canal passing through tlle
Black Forest. Several speculators are preparing °I
engage in it.
General PALAFOX, who was arrested in Spain, bas
been tried and acquitted.
The Money Market is dull at Vienna. Little or l'(It
business is done, and no reason is assigned fora for
so important to commercial Europe.

Advices from Math id to the 18th inst. have bee'
received. They state that the Marquis DE LAS A~f At
RILLAs has resigned the War department, and Or
his place has been filled by General MORENA. Otbee
accounts state that 2,500 British auxiliaries will b
drafted to Madrid to protect the capital, and that an
v
equal number of Urbanos will be sent to join the all
in the North. No important communication has bee
received from that quatter.

Letters from Lisbon to the 16th inst. have been re:
ceived. It was then generally reported that Prig,
SASE COBURG is to be the QUEEN'S second 11°
band. The country was tranquil.

SIIIPPING.-(TIIIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

;‘,Ol Ill('

DEAL, AUGUST 25.—Wind N.W., variable.—Arti'• - fro's'
Duchess of Manchester, —, from Jamaica ; Selburn, Laing' jor•
Demerara ; Galatea, Anderson, from Trinidad ; Evergreen, ,e (te
gan, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; Hindostan Ilevier'frolO
Loup, Woodford, from North America ; and Ann, White, harll'
Cadiz. Arrived from the river and sailed the Margaretta, Bar,), for
for Batavia ; Hunter, ----, for Trieste ; and Liberator, Angctif°
Waterford. The outward-bound have sailed on their re5P"
voyaes.
"POgRTSMOUTH, AI:G. 25.—Wind N.N.W. to S.S.W., bi°slivs
hard.—Arrived the Apollo, Munden, from Leghorn.
PLYMOUTH, A un. 24.—Wind S.E.—Arrived his Wiest), "001"
Spartiate, out nine weeks, from Rio Janeiro, last from Portsr%Dyst
to be paid off at this port ; and Lord Melyille,Repath, out 4f4
from Quebec, with timber. In Hamoaze—The San Juf';..;'t•
lades, Diligence, and Rochester. In the Sound—The SPar7:o6l
FALMOUTH, AUG. 24.—Wind N.W. to N.N.W, strong u
andPos squal
k: N
ly.
n forLo°l'TorFicocE.—H
is Majesty's brig Scorpion
mail of the 25th ; letters in time this evening. , Rio
COWES, AuG. 24.—Arrived the Boreas, Walgehaven, 0°-
Janeiro ; and Karta, Offerson, from Bandia. „oket,
SOUTHA .741 I'TON, AUG. 24.—Arrive the Falmouth
Ilager, from Cadiz.
.ttsh
HASTINGS, AUG. 24.—Arrived the Cognac Packet,
from Mauritius.
131115T01., AUG. 25.—Arrived the Minerva, Furlong, -r°
maica; and Exeter„ from St. Petersburfh.
Gt.oircEsrEit, Anc. 25.—Arrived the 'I homas and
Wardle, from Miramichi. 140'
LIVE/IMO!, AUG. `24.—Arrived the Rolla, Wallace, frlcV.
sau: and Robert Watt, Martin, St. Andrew's, New Brunsvvviiity
SWANSEA, AUG. 24. —Wind W. S. W.—ArriVed the
beth Clark, Alder, from Quebec; and Tom Cringic,
- -

ton, from St. Jagodo Cuba.
a ken
The barque Louisa, from London for Quebec, eran,o-' °min'
with, on the 7th inst. in lat. 48 N., long. 28 deg' "-
W., by the Elizabeth 'Clark, Alder, arrived at Swaneen.
of
cl
The British sloop of war Acteon, Lora Pu"
315 of
Russell Commander, arrived at Buenos Ayres on
the
May, having sailed from Plymouth on the 22d of March.
