scan gave way, by which three men were kilt`
and two badly wounded.

YARMOUTH, FEB. 25.—Yesterday P. M. got 0`)
shore on the beach to the Southward of Ydrmot)(ll
Pier, the Avon, of Sunderland, RALPH PEARS"
master, from Woodbridge to the North, with bal-
last. It is hoped she wail be got off with very little
damage. Crew saved.

FALMOUTH, FEB. z 4. Arrived the N;01441
Sloop of War, from a Cruize.

HARWICH, FEB. 23.—The rivers on the opPt'
site coast Northwards being all frozen up, there is
no possibility, at present, of making either TO'
ningen or Husum. The Packets have, for sale
time past, landed their mails and passengers at
Heligoland, from whence they are conveyed bfr
small craft to the main land. There is also a gr,cat:
quantity of ice in the mouth of the Elbe,
would render the navigation there impraCticable ecea
were it not blockaded; and the river is entirely
shut up by the severity of the season, a little alvvc
Cuxhaven. ith
A Dutch Schuyt arrived here on Monday, o'3
four passengers from Katwyk. They state
the Northern Powers are colleaing a great force 10
Oppose the further progress of the tyranny
France, whose ambition, they begin to apprehends
has no limits. The Dutch, they say, are decided();
of opinion that the long. threatened invasion of Thte
Country will not be attempted. It seems theY
ar
cruelly oppressed, and are only waiting the frien6
ly interference of some powerful State, to free
o
themselves from that abjeCt slavery they have b
long endured. Two of the Packets which sailed
yesterday with the mails for Husum and G,Ptie.f;
burgh, and whic!,-1 have been detained here for V',„
time, were forced back this morning by cout(3ll
winds. The weather continues very boisterous.

EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER FROM AN or-
eft
CER ON BOARD THE ARAB SLOOP OF WARS cis"
TAIN LORD COCHRANE, DATED 24. TH INSF.
On the tsnh inst. that able Officer, with the 5111. ail
Squadron under his command, fell in with sixty sail
e
of the Enemy's gun-boats from the N. which
endeavouring to get into Boulogne. Capt. C6cPi
RANE immediately gave the signal to chace ; 0,0
after a heavy firing for nearly an hour,
boat*
driving several of them ashore. The Arab's
with a Lieatenant, the Master, two Midshirnq
and 53 Seanen armed (seconded by other boats
the Squadron) was hoisted out ; but owing to Elle
peculiar facility which the Enemy's boats derive frof:
their construction to run ashore, anti the protelti°e
of iOOO Military, with their field-pieces, who we!,
cfraw.n up on the landing-place, it was impossible '1.1;
push the advantage arty farther, althcugh ours
Shot
.advanced so near, that one of the enemA9.-ort
succeeded 1
lodged in the quarter of the Arab's boar. Thp,s
-ne
happened off Calais. The Gun-boats in Pa"''ari
Ilarbour amount to upwards of 600.. 'They
uniformly described as almost Aat-bottoMedello
drawing so little water, that they run almost
. with the shore, where the boats of our Navy earl,
.possibly Fc4ch therti."

no•
Great apprehensions havebeen for some titre ei,,
ctertained for the safety of theYorki of 64 gu;As
ona P:a.tuMrdiaTyr b:
RD, wl:icl_i.during the late etc° her
stationed off the Texel ; our fears respeiti°s. ed
are. much increased by the following Letter,fec"v
Peterhead, (N.. B.) P. i::
Some large Ship must have been lost in this ne'cii,
biroeuntstitooonsd,haaysepabretesnodf
riavevinteocnk
a yard of 6+ feet long, and'about 22 feet of 170
part of a large mast which 'appears w have V.th
under deck. There is likewise the lid of a box; vii
shoofrec°hnesriede; considerable
the following diretion : ,

" Henry lif;tford, Esq.
" No. rr, Cork-street, London.
."
" Care of Captain Mitfird, Southampton. t
There are some other fragments, but I at ever'
apprized of their description ; they do not 110'00
furnish any further evidence as to the identitY °

wreck.
o
Captain COLBY is appointed to the Easittenr se4
guns, at Northfleet, which is to be fitted "ea to
Immediately. ,Captain RowLEY IS appoin,l noio
the Ruby, of 64 guns, at Yarmouth, vice or
COLBY.
to an It
Capt. WILKINSON, of the Hussar Frigani,
r C

eleven of her Crew, were on board the -
Paris, at the date of Admiral Coil NwALLISISI,
Dispatches. We are much gratified in being auu.-rep,
add, that Captain WILKINSON reports that
mainder of the Crew are saved by the Fishing"
•
of the Isle of Saints. ofIJ
The American ships Rising Sun, SHALE of
e
eaer
Alexander, WATERS, have been driven foul I°`'„
other by a strong wind at thellelder, dam,ab
they have sailed for the Nieuwe Diep to rella'ri
(ter
The Trinity House has given notice, that, aa..teg
the 20th inst. the Skerries Lights will be eNhlulaoti
on the improved principle, with Argand laroPs 00t1
refietlors, which will produce a very hrigh..t rice
conspicuous light, visible at a much greater dota.td
than the old light. This light is to be ahitS
from sun-set to sun-rise. tal‘en
Pour thousand tons of shipping have bent. rend'
up for the purpose of bringing home the .""
Prisoners from Jamaica.
•

It is still intended to Corm a Canal from the ""„itils,
don Dock to the PaddingtonCanal, by, varYir;gl,l4l3
exteoding the line originally intrildeti, but
upon communicating with the Landholdirs in
w the'.
out of Parliament the Session before last, it.
35
thought proper to. withdraw. 2, tyl?,
It is in contemplation to attempt f
rmitt
net under
.the Tham,..s at kotherhithe, to l'":"Ir'P
the intercourse bet,i-ren-the London and W's.r
Docks and the Borough.
