LONDON, MARCH i 6, 1803.

LAST night, at half-past ten o'clock, a Person
arrived express at the Admiralty from Brighton,
with an account of a French Vessel having drift-
ed on shore rear that place : she had it seems
been deserted by the Crew, excepting a Bpy, and
having been boarded, was found to be laden
with about rOOOOO Stand of Arms.—Before the
'Crew left her, they threw a box overboard,
which, however did not sink, but floated on shore
near Shorehang, and was f: and to contain Stands of
Green Colours, suited to the Irish. These Colours
had the word Unibn on them; and we have beard it
stated, with a French and, Irish hand united under-
neath. There cart he no doubt but that this vessel
was bound to Ireland, f,,r Lll, I,urpose of furnishing
Arms to those misguided' people of 'that Country
who may still ent,ertain .se!t)tintcnts hostile to the
Government, and ideas of bun alit! to overturn it.

We have for same time a., • that a change,
was expeEted at the Aticrtiraity. - We can '
fidently state, that gar' Sr. V 1:,6 zi;andCaptains
Sir T, TROW BR IDG.I athi
ly retire. .

DaniotiNeo to Conviic.e. that we
arc ‘stirriog wit!, the. i;inity" ve,lerday stop_
ped the Press twice,. to nfceipt of Parr;
.7aurMah, a:ld the.arriti from Lord
NviirrwoßTHi :11e .o:v:itches brought by
whom, .tt .oouncii w;u immediately assem-
bled. We'tate.t'l:.=t, thetame. rime, however, that these
rioting final or decisive on the
question., the two Governments.
We yesterday ineni,,,ned that the Paris Papers con_
tailed no observaCumr.; on ' the proceedings in this
Country, which,intlezd were probably known there
oldy to the Government. So totally ignorant, in.
deed, did the French People appear of what was
passing, that their Funds on the i Ith were some-
what better than on the preceding day, they being
`,on the lirizei at 6i. 60.,

A great number of Recruits are stated to have
been raised in the New Departments on the Left
Bank of the Rhine, for the Service of the Colonies.
They are vinduaed to the Dtpft established at
Dunkirk, from, whence they are to be embarked for
their revtaive destinations.

The Ministers of the Mediating Powers have
presented a Note to the Germanic Diet, in which:
they earnestly request a prompt .and immediate Raj
tification of the general Co. nchwim of the Deputa..
tion, The new organization of the Circle's of the
EMpire is COMpleted, and will speedily be present.
cd to the Deputation by the Ministers of the Me.
(Hating Powers, who are also charged.to present to,
that Body the • new Ecclesiastical Organization of
Germany, which is to serve as the basis of a Con.
cordat between the Empire and the See of Rome.

The French at Constantinople assembled at the
Convent of the Capuchins on the roth of January,
where Te Dews W 43 sung, in honour of the arrival
of General Baubte.

Extraordinary gratifications, of 300 francs each,
are ,ordered by the French Government to be dis.
tributed tt-t the, Troops after the approaching Re.
views:; six to each Regiment of Infantry, eight to
each Regiment of Cavalry of four Squadrons, and six
to each Regiment of Cavalry of three Squadrons.

Government and that of Franee they he, we
will- not presume positively to state;
have every reason to believe, that-the evacuation of
Ego:. and Maha row, the mast prominent. The
immediate abandonment of these military pos ts' by the
British Forces is insisted on, without waiting for
those Guarantees which are so' indispensably ne-
cessary to prevent both ftom being occupied by
the French the moment we lave them.
For the crisis which has now come, we have for .a
considerable time past prepared the minds of our
Readers. We have long seen, and have not failed oc.
casionally to notice, the irritation and ill_restrained
hostility which has prevailed, in a certain quarter,
towards this Country, ever since the Signature of the
Definitive Treaty of Peace; and the extension which
has been made of the French Power since that
,pe-
riod, though, perhaps, not a sufficient ground for
the renewal of War, on the part of this Country,
yet could impart no very sanguine hopes of the
probable duration.of Peace. Every change in the
relative situation of France, since the Treaty of
Amiens was signed, was a virtual infra&ion of that
Treaty, and it was only a spirit of Forbearance and
Peace, on the part of
.our Ministers, of the most
sincere and consistent nature, that could prevent us
. -
from endeavouring to arrest,:by force; the ambitious
career of the CHIEF CONSUL. The Spirit of this
Nation blazed up indignant at the violation corn_
mitt ed upon Sqvitzerland, and• would have supported
the Minister in any measure calculated to avert the
fate of that devoted Country ; but it was wisely
deter Mined in our Councils, .that the.Circumstatices
of Europe were not favourable to the success of such
an interferences—The period of retribution, how.
ever, may soon come, The restless and gigantic
ambition of Bost/seasre seems likely to provoke a
renewal of War, which, in the present situation of
Europe, must, we have no doubt,• be ultimately
disastrous to the French. If we are to wage the
War simile-handed, we. make it a Naval one, and,
under Providence, the issue must be glorious to
the British Arms. But will the other Powers of Eu-
rope tamely view a contest which involves -the
independence, and even existence of those that can
still claim an exemption from the yoke of France ?
Will they view with apathy, 'the glorious exertions
of the only Nation that has the spirit openly to re.
sist French Encroachment, and to disregard French
Threats I The EMPEItok of RUSSIA we believe
to be fully aware of the true obje&i.of France, 'and
to be alarmed at the danger' which they threaten to
all. Europe —in this case we are sure of his Neu.
trality, if not of his active co,operation—and the
EMPEROR of GERMANY we may suppose to have
'no great afttittion towards the French interests,.
when we reflect how much his were disregarded in
the arrangement of the Indemnities. The brave
and indignant Swiss too,' whose free and ardent
spirit cannot yet be wholly subdued by the fetters
of the slavery imposed upon them, will seize with
avidity, the favourable moment for throwing
off. the French yoke. Under all these circumstances,
if War we' must have, perhaps we could not cum.
mence it at a more auspicious moment than the
pretent. At all events, whatever may be the issue
of the pending Negotiation, we may rest assured
this; hostility has not been provoked by the..intetn.
perance of our Ministers on, the one hand, and that
they ate properltalive to the Honour and Interests
of the Country on the other. -They will draw the
Sword with reluCtance, but, if forced to it, they
will draw,it with spirit and circa.

Yesterday morning HIS MAJESTY, attended by
General MANNERS, rod; in Hyde Pdflt. A shower
of rain coming on, His MAJESTY returned to the
Queen's House in a short time. About twelve
o'clock Hatt MiqE3TY and the Pa illov..sts, at-
tended by the Countess of CA1014411 and Lady
CHARI.()TTE WYNNEa in two coaches and four,
escorted by a party of light horse, left the Queen's
House, and took an airing in the neighbourhood of
Hampstead, '

;This evening TOEXR MAJ rtTI anti •the PR IN,
C SSIS will honour the Cokert of Antient lAttsic
with their presence, which will be under the direc.
lion of the Earl of WI vrort..

To.tnorrow THEIR. MAJESTIEB and the PRIN.
CE4SES will go to Covent.Careten Theatre; to See
the new Play of John Bull.
His Royal Highness the DUKE of YORK held a
Military Levee yesterday at the Horse. Guards, at
which upwards of Mey qfficers were present, ten.
dering their services, The next Levee will be on
Friday._

'The Earl of GILOSVINOR has given notice to the
Gentlemen forming the Volunteer Corps of St,
Margaret and St. Job, Westminster, to hold
themselvek in readiness to be embodied.

Lord Alm east has given the same kind of notice
to the St. James's Volunteers.
We have great pleasure in finding, that should a
War break out, Gentlemen of all ))arties' will be
equally eager to support Government. Many offers
have already been.macle of raising Regiments.—
Among others, Sir CHARLR3 BAMPEYLDE has of.
ferecl to raise a Regiment of Infantry for general
service, His Letter of Service was tendered to the
War-Office yesterday.
Sir Jolts DOLICLASs who commanded the Ma.
rises at Acre, will slimly be again employed,
