AFRICAN INSTITUTION.

The seventeenth Anniversary 'Meeting of this
Institution was yesterday held at Freemasons' Hall. His
Royal Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER filled the Chair.
There were also pment the Marquis of leensdown, the Earl
of Gosford, Lord Gambier, Lord Althorp, M.P., the Count de
Torreno, Mr. Wilberforce, M.P., Mr. F. Buxton, M.P., Mr.
W. Evans, M.P., Mr. Sykes, M.P. Mr. Stephen, the Chair-
man of Surrey, and several other Gentlemen of respectability. ,
The body of the room, as well as the galleries, was filled with
Ladies. The Royal Chairman having taken his seat,
Mr. HARRISON read the Directors' report, which was ex-
tremely long. It commenced with an account of the negociations
which took place upon the subjectof the abolition of the slave-
trade, in the Congress atVerona. " The papers," it stated," con-
taining the detail of these transactions, have very recently been
laid before Parliament. From them it appears that: it in the
month of September last, the Duke of Wellington, during his
stay at Paris on his way to Verona, took an opportunity of
urging the French Minister to adopt some effectual measures
for the repression of the slave-tracle. His representations do
not appear to. have produced a disposition in the French
Government to propose any new laws for that purpose.—
On the contrary, the French Minister stated, that although
the King and. his Government were sincerely anxious to
.put an end to this traffic, yet they could devlse no mea-
sures for that purpose which they could hope would be adopt-
ed by the Chambers ; and that the subjecting convicted
slave-traders to a peine infarnante would be inefficient, even,
if passed into a law ; adding, that he could not conceal the
fact, that the abolition of the slave-trade was unpopular in
France. On the receipt of this report from the Doke of Wel.
lington, Mr. Canning . appears to have entertained' scarcely a
distant expectation of a favourable result from the approach-
ing conferences at Verona, respecting what he calls in his in-
structions to the Duke, • that scandal of the civilized world,
the slave trade ;' and he justly remarks, that the refusal of
France not to enter into any new engagements, or to pass any
new laws fin the suppression of the slave trade, but her neglect
and apparent repugnance even to execute those by which she
has already bound herself, notwithstanding the too notorious
continuance of that traffic by her subjects, leave little hope
that the authority of France will be employed otherwise at
Verona, than to prevent the adoption of any effectual resolution.'
Mr. Canning added the following observations :---" It is the
truth (however lamentable or incredible), that by the testimony
of the French Government itself, there 17 no public:feeling--
none, on this subject, in France, which responds in the small-
est degree to the sentiment prevalent in England ; that no
credit is given to the people or to the legislature of this coon-
try for sincerity in those sentiments ; that our anxiety upon
the matter is attributed to a calculation of national interest ;
and that a new law, formed on a proposition from England,
for nevi restrictions on the illicit slave-trade, would at this,
moment infallibly be thrown out in the legislature of France."
He then expresses serious doubts, whether, should the other
power assembled at the Congress agree to declare the slave
trade to be piracy, the French plenipotentiaries would concur
in such a deefaration ; whether such a declaration by powers
who have no colonies of their own Would carry any great
weight, and Whether an assumption on the pan of the
Congress of a pretension to legislate on matter of public law,
and to establish a new principle of maritime police, would not
excite in other powers a disposition to demur to its jurisdic-
tion. H e suggest.% however, that the SoNereigns might with sonic
immediate, and perhaps with greater ultimate effect, and in
the exercise of an undoubted and legitimate authority, prohibit
the introduction of colonial produce from the colonies of
states which haie not legally and effectually abolished the- slave
trade. Mr. Canning, therefore; recommended to the Duke of
Wellington, to propose—lst, ein engagement on the part of
the Continental Sovereigns to mark their abhorrence of this ac-
cursed traffic, by refusing admission into their dominions of
the produce,of Colonies belonging to powers who have not abo-
lished, or who notoriously continue the slave-trade. 7.d, A de-
claration in the names, if possible of the whole Alliance; but if
France shall decline being a party to it, in the names of the
three other powers, renewing the denunciations of the Congress
of Vienna, and exhorting the maritime powers who have abolish-
ed the slave trade to concert measures 'among themselves for
proclaiming it, and treating it as piracy, with a view to found-
ing upon the aggregate of such separate engagements between
state and state a general engagement, to be incorporated into
the
_public law of the civilized world." The report then pro-
ceeded to state the contents of a memoir brought forward at a
conference of the plenipotentiaries of Austria, France, Great
Britain, Prussia, and itussia, by the Duke of Wellington, con-
taining observations on the continuance of the Slave Trade, and
recommending certain measures to be adopted with a view to
effect its total suppression. Amongst other facts it stated that,
in seven months of the year 1821, not less than 38,000 human
beings had been carried off from the coast of Africa into slavery;
and that the traffic was generally carried on under the French
flag.
The Marquis of Lasesnowst then came forward and said,
that it was not until he had come into the room that he found
himself called upon to move a *solution expressive of the meet-
ing's a)iprobation of the report, and their thanks to the Directors
for their unwearied exertions ; of the utility and importance of
which there was abundant evidence in the report. The
Noble Mania% proceeded to point out the pOwerfut effects
of the public voice, and to exhort them to continue their
exertions until they completed the' extinction of this abominable
traffic in every. part of the globe. He was sure that they
all felt the pain that must actuate every liberal mind. on
perceiving that • the attention of the great powers of Europe
was directed from this subject to objects which he would not
describe here ; but which, to use the mildest terms, were ob.
.jecte far less wise, less holyeless just, and he would add, less
practicable, than this most wise, most holy, most just, and he
would add, most attainable object—the extinction of the slave
traffic all over the world.—( Hear!)
Mr. F. BUXTON seconded the motion, and reprobated the
conduct of France as base, wicked, bold profligacy, which was
only to be surpassed by the man, despicable, and Iniquitous
subterfuges by, which she endeavoured to veil it. He then com-
bated the various arguments usually adduced against the final
abolition of slavery in the West Indies. The solemn pledged ob-
tained from his Majesty's government the preceding evening. he
assured the meeting, should not be forgotten ; and as all that
had hitherto been done was effected by the voice of the people,
_
he expressed his most anxious hope that the tables of both
Houses of Parliament would be crowded with petitions on this

subject from from every part of the empire.—The resolution was car-
He unanimously.
The Count de Tonntwo addressed the Meeting in the
French language. lie wished to assure them of the sentiments
which these proceedings had inspired, and he was prepared fully
to acknowledge their justice and propriety. To the peopde of
England he and his country must ever feel grateful for the
sympathy which they had evinced for the national cause of
Spain. They had established a constitution under the allspice*
and upon the principles which governed this great and glorious
nation. The Cortes of Spain, acting under the sacred and in-
dubitable rights of human natUre, had asserted the principles
of freedom. He knew that they would follow them up with i
similar principles in their commercial system. He could assure
them that Spain would, in every situation in which she was
placed adhere to those principles in the whole system of her
Gov ern in en t. (Ch eers.)
Lord ALTHonP defended this country from the charge of''
endeavouring to procure the abolition of slavery from selfish
and interested motives. He moved that the Dukes of Wel-
lington and of somerset be appointed Vice-Presidents, and thata
hat of 30 individuals be agreed to as directors for the ensuing
year.
Mr. STEPHENS seconded the motion, and argued strongly in
favour of the registration of slaves.
This and several other resolutions, which were those usual
on such occasions, were carried unanimously.
After addresses from Mr. WILBERFORCE, the Duke of
GLOUCESTER, Mr. SYKES, Lord GAMBLER, and Mr. HAn-
nisoN, the meeting then broke. up and a collection took place
at the doors.
