it recollected) for the relief of those who aim at the
Church's downfall. Lord Melbourne could not get
over this ; nor do we envy his feelings when the
Bishop of London declared that the fiscal and arith-
metical calculations—those limping hobby-horses of
Mr. Spring Rice, whereon the whole working of the
Bill pretends to rest, are grossly and utterly unfounded.
We repeat that the Bill has got its quietus—there is
an end of it ; would that its authors were well shelved
with it.— Times.

F. Read Kemp, Esq., Member for Sussex, who has
let his house in Belgrave-square to the Commander-in-Chief
for three years, is obliged to visit the Continent, in conse-
quence of the prolonged indisposition of his lady. Mrs. Kemp
is sister of G. Shackerly, Esq., of Somerton, and was widow
of - Harvey, Esq., a gentleman of large property.

It is satisfactory to state that the aspect of commer-
cial matters in the City still continues to wear symptoms of
improvement. The favourable advices which came in from
the United States on Wednesday have increased confidence, and
money for mercantile purposes is much more easy to be ob-
tained than it was last week. It will be observed, by a refe-
rence to our remarks upon the state of the market for the pub-
lic securities, that an advance has taken place in stock of
about A- per cent.—Morning Paper.
The commercial letters from the United States
to the 12th ultimo, brought by the London line of packet
ship Quebec, are of considerable interest. It appears that the
spring trade had commenced with much activity in all the prin-
cipal parts of the Union. The importations of British manu-
factured goods, as well as of other produce, had been consider-
able, and many thousand packages had been sold. In the ex-
changes on London the transactions had been very great ; the
premium had been fully 104 per cent., which was 1:12- per cent.
in favour of the exportations of bullion for England. A prefe-
rence was, however, given to ship Mexican dollars to England,
and five-franc pieces to France, as the banks in the United
States were so apprehensive of lowering their stock of gold,
that they demanded a premium of one per cent. Hopes were
entertained, that, as the cotton crop was shipped off, the
lance of trade would continue in favour of America. The sub-
' ject of monetary matters was the all-absorbing topic of con-
versation in New York. The rise in the exchange and the
demands for specie for England were so great, that another
pressure was anticipated. The banks discount with much re-
luctance. Bills at long dates were taken in at Ito 13- per
vent. per month. Bills from the south, drawn upon the ex-
ports of the cotton crop to England, were anxiously looked for,
in order to turn the exchange in favour of America. There
had been a drain for specie at New York, the United States
Bank at Philadelphia having called in about 300,000 dollars,
and about 500,000 dollars had been taken for shipment to
England. The importations from Mexico into New York and
New Orleans since the date of the previous advices had been
about 1,300,000 dollars. The Liverpool as well as the Lon-
don packets had some difficulty in obtaining freights. The
value of real property had advanced considerably. The Quebec,
we understand, has not less than 400,000 dollars on board on
merchants' account. The Session of Congress had nearly ar-
rived at its close, and complaints were made that the time had
been taken up too much with long speeches, to the exclusion
of matters of real business. Several additional petitions had
been presented to the Legislature for the abolition of slavery ;
and an attempt was, it is said, to be made by threats to prevent
the agitation of the subject.—Morning Paper.
A ludicrous mistake occurred at a funeral some
days ago at Hamburgh, which, notwithstanding the serious-
ness of the occasion, produced considerable laughter. On
the same day, and almost at the same moment, two coffins
were borne into the churchyard precisely resembling each
other. One contained the remains of a young and beautiful
girl, the other the wreck of a veteran soldier who had made
many of the campaigns of Napoleon. The coffins were placed
upon the same bier, and there was no distinguishing one from
the other. The soldier was to have been buried with all the
honours of war, but it happened to be the coffin of the girl
which the assistants removed, and her corpse was consigned to
its resting-place amid military salvoes and martial music. The
vieux moustache on the other hand was followed to the grave
by the sighs and moans of a crowd of young people, and his
coffin adorned with virgin-flevers. The young woman had
been much regretted, and amongst the cortege was a stripling
who showed by the greatness of his grief that his heart was
affected, when upon the edge of the r tomb this young man
broke through all restraint, and insisted upon opening the
coffin to have a last look at the remains of her whom he loved ;
but his surprise and disappointment may be imagined when his
eyes fell upon the grisly beard of the war-worn vetoes!).

C HI NA .—A company of actors which performed at
Ronan a short time ago, and whose dresses were much ad-
mired for their richness, were a few days since engaged by
the people of the village of the name of Kowkong : after the
temporary theatre had been erected, and everything was ready
for the play to begin, when striking up the music the great
drum burst, which accident being considered an unlucky
omen, the actors refused to perform ; but the people would not
thus be deprived of their amusement, and with threats and
clamour compelled the actors to proceed. During the per-
formance some fireworks were let off, and the bamboo shed in
which the singsong was took fire. The spectators, too eager
to save themselves, rushed out over a narrow bridge constructed
for the occasion torlead to the theatre built over a river, which
gave way under the too great pressure, and all those upon it
were precipitated into the water, and upwards of 120 vtomen
and 30 men drowned. Of the actors none lost their lives, but
three chests of their wardrobe were either destroyed by the fire
or stolen during the confusion.—Canton Press, Oct. 22.
TIIE LATE EX-KING OF SWEDEN.-The follow-
ing, of the 18th inst., from Vienna, is given by the Augsburg Ga-
zette :—" Prince \Vasa has assumed mourning for six months,
and it is said the Court will go into mourning for eight days,
and wear it at the same time as that for the Duke of Mecklen-
burg-Schwerin. The grippe has made such pro,gress that one-
fifth' of the population has been attacked. To-morrow the
Vladike of the Montenegrins will leave us for St. Petersburg.
He has relinquished his intention of going to Paris. It is
stated that M. de Ruthard, the Greek minister, during his stay
in this city, succeeded in prevailing upon Baron Sins to sup-
port by his credit and capital the establishment of a national
bank in Greece. The Greeks resident here are convinced that
this will add strength to the new government of their country.
The house of Sins enjoys an unlimited credit throughout the
East—at Constantinople as well as at Athens and Alexandria."
On Friday evening, about seven o'clock, as Mr.
Mills, surgeon, of Wells, was driving from Shepton Mallet
in a gig, accompanied by Miss Fox, of Salisbury, in passing
through Charlton turnpike-gate} the gate rebounded against the
gig, in consequence of its not being thrown sufficiently open,
and the lady and gentleman were thrown from the gig, and the
young lady was killed on the spot I Mr. Mills was much in-
jured, and lies, in a distracted state of mind, at Shepton
Mallet.—Bath Journal.
Tuesday afternoon, as a respectable female, about
twenty years of age, was crossing St. James's Park, she was
suddenly seized with the pains of labour, and was shortly after-
wards delivered of a male child. Both mother and child were
conveyed by the police to St. Martin's Infirmary, Charing-
cross.
M. Eugene Hugo, brother of M. Victor Hugo, has
expired in Paris, aged 36 years. M. Eugene is well-known
in the literary world by his poetical works.
The founders of the Tusculum Club at Putney hold
out, among its chief inducements, that the members may ar-
rive and depart every hour by a shilling omnibus, or three
times a day by a steamer for eightpence ; and to keep the mem-
bers cool, they are to have nothing hot.
The ordinary meeting of the Horticultural Society
was held on Tuesday afternoon, Dr. Henderson, V. P., in the
chair. The specimens were more than ordinarily numerous
and beautiful for this period of the year, and the rooms were
well attended; amongst the company being the Earl of Ilcbes-
ter, Countess of Pawlett, Hon. W. F. Strangways, and Mrs.
V. Harcourt, Sirs 0. Mosley, H. Willock, C. Lemon, and
H. Rycroft, Colonel Clive, Major Richardson, Mrs. Law-
rence, Drs. Bostock and Simond, and other distinguished
horticulturists. A large silver medal was awarded to
Messrs. Loddiges for three specimens of Dendrobium ; and
silver Knightian medals to Mr. Glenny for a specimen of An-
dromeda floribunda ; to Mrs. Lawrence for Idomea Horsfallii,
to Mr. Gaines for Rhododendron Russellianum, and Mr.
Harrison, of Cheshunt, for a new species of Callistemon.
There were also some specimens of pears and a few varieties
of flowers from the gardens of the Society, none of which
were, however, characterised as of particular importance ;
and cuttings of some new varieties of apples, pears, and
cherries were distributed. A letter was read from Mr. Wil-
liams, of Pitmaston, on the proper construction of fruit-
rooms, in which the writer gave his opinion that a dark, dry
room, well ventilated with a current of pure air, would be the
most proper receptacle. Several presents were announced to
the library, and the meeting adjourned to March 21.
The Ordinary Meeting of the Metropolitan Society
of Florists and Amateurs was held on Tuesday evening at the
Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, which was numerously at-
tended, the objects of exhibition being unusually attractive.
A gold Adelaide medal was awarded to George Glenny,
Esq., for six new camellias, fuchsia microphylla grandiflora,
correa pulchella, &c.: and a silver Adelaide medal was given
to Mr. Gaines, for a fine specimen of rhododendron Russellia-
num. The Rev. R. Stainforth presided.
An atrocious attempt at murder was lately made by
a person residing at Trieste, in Italy, who had a large family,
and considered the horrible project of ridding himself of them
all in a manner not to excite suspicion. For this purpose he
purchased a small pleasure-boat, in the bottom of which he
made an aperture, which he carefully stopped with a plug.
He then took out his wife and four children on a little excur-
sion, and when at a distance from the shore removed the plug,
and swam for his own life, leaving his family to their fate. For-
tunately, his murderous designs were frustrated by the timely
arrival of assistance, which rescued the intended victims from
their danger. On the failure of his atrocious design the
miscreant fled, without leaving any clue to the discovery of his
retreat.
THE DUKE OF ROXBURGH.—Of a piece with
the subterfuges to which, we regret, the Tory candidate has
had recourse, is the advertisement from Mr. Scott, disclaim-
ing that his Grace the Duke of Roxburgh had intimated his
determination to render him no assistance in the course of the
present canvass. Mr. Innes has called upon Mr. Scott to
publish the letter which his Grace transmitted to Mertoun
House. Although we ourselves stated, that his Grace " con-
ceived Admiral Elliot to be the most proper person to repre-
sent this county in Parliament," and Mr. Innes in giving the
exact words of his Grace does not state this fact, yet we were
substantially justified in doing so, seeing that the circular
which Mr. Innes transmitted to his Grace's tenantry bore this
import.—Kelso Chronicle,
