ALIEN ACT.

Lord CASTLEREAGII rose 10 move the continu-
ance of this Act for the same time as before.
Though but few individuals had been sent out of
the country, it did not follow, on that account,
that the Act veal unnecessary. The tintil b cr of
foreigners in the country was 25,000, and but few
of them were here for conunercial purposes.
Many of thentmight have come with intentions.
dangerous to the peace of the country. Many. had
said that such an Act u as only necessary in time
of war, but that had not been the opinion of Par-
liament, as the Bill had been thrice -enacted in
time of peace. But the nature of the law
was changed in tithe- of peace ; as, upon giv-
ing in his\ name et-the port where he landed, a
tureigner was allowed to reside in. what part of
die-country he pleased; and if the measure WAS

wise in 1818, it was no less so at the present time ;
for though there was no foreign war, the internal
state of the country, and the recent machinations,
called for the renewal of the Act. It. Foreigners
never meddled in doniestic dissentions, then
such an Act might be unnecessary ; but there
Was a spirit of fanaticism on the. Continent,
that might ()penile against. our domestic
peace, by combination wilt the disaffected at
home. The sovereign power of a State must al-
ways have the power to sent, Foreigners out of the
country, whose pi eseoce might be dangerous to the
public peace. The highest legal authorities had
stated, that such a power resided in the Crown :
but the mode of using that power was too slow to
be applicable to the present time. The object of
the Bitt was not to vest a new • power in the
Crown, but to enable it to exert more effectually
an inherent power. Government had no wish to
ask for the power, but front the neceseiry of the
case ; and no instance had occurred of the power
having been abused. He moved for leave to bring
ie a Bill to continue the Act of the 56,11 of the
late King, respecting Aliens.
Sir 1.1.. WiesoN was sensible it was unusual to
oppose the introduction 01 a Bill, hut was called
upon by consideratioes of public ihi'y. Fo-
reigners would think that this Bill had emanated
from the Congress Vienna, with a view to este-
blush an unitorm system of Police throeghont
Europe. Lord Coke had said, that the power
of preventing .the introduction of tot eigners
retitled in the Great Council of the Naiion.—
France is now passing laws to naturalize
rriguets ; and the power- of sending them out,
of the country does !tot reside t the Kete.—j
A Lady It not abroad ',ad been ordered to
this country for her health. end when she tame
iu Grav, send, was sent on board an old tender,
and Mr. Capper %vas tent to lie Lady, who was
II), Cotiille!,s hohni, and she was Setif by
list Fivieg Ft,,h to Osee4td, where site was eceiv-
e d with the toot marked iespect. An Offic,r of
rank came to this (e'en!. Float Smyrna, and had
leave trom the Nobl. Lord to reside iii this
coun-
try, and (nen event to France, where lie obraiu,
the teltea! of ente-ce of death. What w 01,1,1
have here the situation of this indivithial, had
the law been t,tictiy eefereed ? •It a Feneigner
oteitted to pi esent his passport within a w e k, he_
was liable to a year's imprisonment ; and the case
was the same as to children and telltales. Nolte
were now allowed to go into the interior of the
Niehetlends without a passport from the Noble
Leitd, which cost 21. ; and when the Ambassador,
of the Net betlande had been expostulated with
on the subject, lie sated that it was the conse-
quence of our Alien Laws. England was no
loeger the reluge of the distressed. He should
takethe'eense of the House on the Bill, as an
Anti-European measure.—(Heat !)
The lion. Mr. WARD said, in 1715, and in
1745, Aliens had been, protected, notwithstanding
the then critical state of affairs. This power
might not .have been abused, but that did not
jitstify the continuance cf it. The Alien Bill was
mentioned abroad with astonishment. The law
was contrary to the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, and might lead to retaliation on the part
of Foreign Powers• The present year was most
favourable for the repeal of the Act, and he should.
vote accordinely.
'the SoLICITOR-GENBRAL observed, that the
statements of the gallant General (Wilson) had
formerly been refitted, and no inquiry into them
had then been called for.—Queries had been put
by the gallant General to an inhabitant of Har-
wich, respecting the case of Gen. Gourgaud; but
the answer to these queries bad never been sub-
mitted to the House. In the case of M. Mon-
tholon, the utmost lenity had been shown, and,
that would appear if the case should be brought;
before the House. For 200 years this power had'
been exercised ; in the reign of Elizabeth, end'
in that of William, in times of profound pea Ce.
The clause in Magna Charts referred Wholly ao
alien merchants. All_ the attekters,on the Law
of Nations had stated such.a-poiver to be inherent
in the State, and in this 'Country'. such ae.epower.
must be vested in the Executive Government.—At
was said this measure would injure our character
with Foreigners, and that it ought not- to-exist
whilst we have 25,000 foreigners in this country.
This circumstance was, in his opinion, a proof
that our character was not injured by this Bill,
since two-thirds, at least, of this number had
come into the country under•the rovisions of this
particular measure, and 'without any fears of
Only nine individuals bad been sent out of the
country in the last year, and he would venture to
say, that. at no period of our history had-, Fo•
reignees been treated with more humanity than
since the Alien Bill was passed. •

Si' J. MACKINTOSH considered this measure as
one of'fbe most odious deviations from our ancient
Constitution of tiny which disgraced recent times.
This was a measure calculated to reduce to slavery
25,000 persons resident in this country. His Hon.
and Learned Friend bad said, that the power of
sending foreigners out of the kingdom existed in the
Crown ; and had appealed to him for a confirmation.
Who ever doubted that the Crown possessed that
power, and even the power of banishing its own
subjects Is But though the Crown had the power
to send Aliens out of this country, had the Crown
the power of sending Aliens to their own country,
into the very jaws of their. enemies, against whose
tyranny they had sought refuge in this country
Formerly, namely, in the time of the Tudors, it
was held that Foreigners, continning in the coun-
try forty days after the King's Vroclamation
commanding their departure, shall be liable to
punish:new, by fine and imprisonment ; but the
Noble Lord claimed a power to send hireigners
away instanter : he was more jealous of Aliens
than Henry VII. the very Tiberius of modern
Sovereigns. He agreed with his Hon. and Learn-
ed Friend, that the humanity to strangers had
never been greater at arty period than since the
Tassing the Alien Act. The fact was, that the
I ie. V.. 7. principles-of the Government had
not yet tainted the old fashioned humanity of the
people. He never gave a vote with greater plea-
sure than he should do that to night, in opposition
to the Bill: . _ _

LoitßTos defended himself end friends for
the part they took in the case of Gen. Gout-gaud.
.Ile hart desired a Committee of Inquiry on,that
uccuoivn, but the Noble Lord was against it ; and

, le,

• . _
be was well aware it would have been vain to et•
tempt getting a Committee against the declkreu
of the Noble Lord. He now decidedlt
opposed the renewal of the Alien Bill.
Lord CAsTLEREAGH replied, and distinctly de°'
hied that this Governmen► had ever been iutluene•
en in its conduct on the subject of Aliens by FO'
reign Governments. Indeed, Foreign Po►v'er!'
had on many occasions had room to Coasplain
this Government for refusing to attend to repre,*
sensations made to them.
The House then divided—
For the Motion

Against it ... 63
Majority

On our re-aduniseinn we found Lord CASTLgm
REAGH proposing to bring in a Bid to colon'''.
the Act which prevented Ahem obtaining 1"11a
tilraliZation by purchasing '&11. Stock in the
Scotch Funds.
Sir J. MACKII4TOSEI expressed his entire cote
currence in the provisions of the Bill.
Leave was then given to.britg in the Bill.
The other Orders were then disposed ot,atqllic
a-quarter before 'lwo the lloute adjourned.

On Wednesday, after the gallery was cleared for
a division, Mr. TIERNEY spoke in favour of 31"
Rohinsou's motion. As no part of what th•
Right Hon. aentleman said appeared in any of the
Morning Papers- yesterday, we lay before out
Reimers the following outline of it :
" Mr. lieeNEY stated, that as be intended 10
vote for the proposifioh of the Right ki,00nr....
able Gentkman, and as his Learned Friend
had imputed to that Rlght .flononrablebeittle•
man an attempt to play off a trick on :be House,
he was aoeioas to exculpate himself Rain being
party to any !rick, or flow vcr ing for the pt 0 IhP'
sit ton on any s,.en grounds. 1!e could not tPit
consider the dgbate of to-nigh! 1a ;it.i“itilliittos)
;hat of the night beture, and that the prfposia
lion now made bad oily not been maoe !De
preetling evening, bee ,use the di-bAre brtrl b,eo
prolonged to too late an num.. He 111,teej •nn.•
dersiood the question of adj,:otiouent H 4 ►t OP.
ed emir, ly with a v,etv ot gictug ant op.,
pi•rtu-ity for the introduction of flat!.
pot•nion, which the tornis of the Hoi.ae tts4
thrn eNultuivti how. discussion. He was ready to
adpiit that if this proposition had been deterred
until after the Committee had sat s•une tinter'
it would he open to • the objec,ions which
had been made to it by his Learocil Friend ;
but having been brought lotActrd part of the
preceding debate, as the condition under wl;ic“ toe
Committee had been acceded to, he. saw norlritl
in the course now pursued that was
cot with the usual anti fair Pailiameoldiy
lice. With respect to the interests of the
cult:lllsta, he could only say, that he had neve/.
heard of that degree of distress %vhieb 1,441 beet=
pleaded in their behalt—that be had not heard of
rents unpaid, or executions, or other symptotne
distress in an aggravated degree, nor did 110'
believe them to exist. His great motive, iio.4'
ever, for supporting the Right Honour..ible
Gentleman's proposition was, thai the eejectio°
of it would not bent fit the lower elasties of 146
Agriculturists. It could not affect -the tabourer oft
ploughman, though it might operate, lie did rot
deny, to the benefit of the It:oath's-a and 0000
farmers; while on the other hand, :tie kelease 4A
the-price of bread would at once affect all file otitel
classes of the community, and lead to distres4o-
dissaiisfaction, and tumult, even beyond what 111°
Hovse had found to exist in other times wile*
such subjects had been in agitation."

The 71st regiment, use understand, is expectel,,
to arrive at Hull in a week or tea days, to re!
place the 88th, which has received orders to boo
itself in ►eadiness for marching.
Mr. and Mrs. BARTLEY are expected in Eng'
land in the course Of the present month, frna
their theatrical tour in the United Suites of Attie'
rica, which has not fully answered their expe4'

tations.
The method of burning the smoke of steso
engines has now been happily discovered by Mr*=
Davies, of Dunkinfield, praCtite9
Those who have falling doors to their furnaces urof
do it bout anyexpeoce or liberation. The perso4
attending the engine should, before supplying lb°
engine with coal, push the fire tar l, then 14',
the coals on the place from ,whence the tire we"'
pushed, and immediately close the door tis
about aninch.and a half of the bottom.; sit
ilisling.through the part left open has theeffeel.
Of taming the smoke completely. A little stitoo
will rise while the coals are lying on, but 04.
'moment the door is put down, and lett as 60°1
stated, very little smoke can be sects; the (I°'
may be closeffin about a nriatv,e,7--This plan, l;
nerally adopted, will relievelarge towns,' as '
as the country,. from a most intolerable gutivanco
and will be a great saving of fUtl.
Yesterday evening, about seven o'clock, a 6.11(5''
_boy, about 12 years of age, the son of Air.
lima, tailor, of Southampton-Place, who
playing on .the craft off Capper's Wharf/ !4,
attempting to pass along a rope from 1.711.;
barge to another, fell into the water antl,SPiti
The river was dragged, and every means tesorcer
to, to raise libn, for three quarters of _an 110.0:
till at length the body was taken up in
,a net b
a waterman, and it was carried to the Fox-under-
the-bill, near the Adelphi, where a medical GI
tleman attended, but too late to be of any serilic
This morning, at four o'clock, a fire broke out in the 10?9,1'
'of Air. Junes, Great Shire-tone, Temple-biir, the interior
which was completely destroyed.- • •• •

BIRTH. hte6
Yesterday, Mrs. Spry, of Cbarterbouse.square;ofa.datig
being her lath child.

NI ARRIF,D. 'bil Oa-
On the 24th tilL, lklr. William PhiHipps, of Sa:ti,.7l',.o<
street, Strand, to Lydia Isabella, youngest daughtero . •
Hoftuan, of New Bridge-strect, Blaehflifs:...
DIED. . .10
On Wednesday, Catherine, youngest daughte;-of C.P.triet-9
Alexander Craig, Esq., of Great George-street, Westtut" mr-
On the 31st of May; at his house, Wall:am-V."lj'
John Stocker, aged V..
----------, j Gtor,
- .
LONDON:, Printed by J . 11. CARSTAIRS, of No- 9--" sc, Pr;
Ormond-stree.t., Queen-square; and• pablisbed by .: sc
solupPs;.a No. -;, South Nfolton-street, at' 15;00
Ottice, No. 112, Strand ; where Advchtisentertl!,
Lett at, &c. (post-paifl must be add:much

~~~f

toti

I*,To
IA-rut,
Tit 'Nit
Ei
14e. SI
•t 11,14
1t the
'lll,f D

ua
tlt):'t.,
lei
'Ft
petnt
"
lrT
Torn:
PtiWA -d;ty
u,

-‘oy
1114', •
401;6 !L
-4k
e

11'1„
("1,,;(1

•tever
ber
ti,iv

. .
'the ,
read
ttti
ro

mob,
boot,
e p,

viobi
hed,
iteia
of ti
'1
ef)
bark
the

lerve
t/f t
f 40,1
w

Pay.
meth
.tir,„

11,11(";

Foie

, l'
mt t),t
