SPIRIT OF TIIE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

A letter has been copied into some of the papers,
professing to be addressed by the French Minister
at Madrid to his colleague at Naples, and affirmed
—we know not by whom—to be authentic. The
object of the letter seems to be to explain the policy
meditated by the French Government towards the
Barbary States in the first instance, and, us oon-
neeted with them, towards Egypt and the Porte.
Algiers is to be conquered, and, as a sine qua non,
destroyed. The Pacha of Egypt is to receive as-
sistance from France in a projected attack upon the
Dey of Tripoli, whose dominions, with those of
Tunis, are to be delivered over to Mehemet-Ali, as
Vicegerent of the Porte. The Viceroy is to civilize
and improve these states; to abolish the slavery of
Christians; to protect the dignity and rights of fo-
reign Ministers ; and to pay a considerable tribute
to the Porte, which may enable it to discharge
more readily the stipulated contributions to Russia.
Such are the purposes—the ostensible purposes—
which, on the alleged authority of the French NV-
nister in Spain, the Government of Charles X. has
been contemplating, and of which it has now com-
menced the exccution, by means of the armament
against Algiers. If nothing were to result from the
prosecution of these projects beyond what they bear
upon the face of them—if piracy were to be eradi-
cated beyond the chance of resuscitation, and law,
order, end civility established beyond that of an un-
timely and violent end—if Africa, the disgrace and
scourge of Europe, were to be verily and indeed ca-
pacitated for a full admission within the pale of
knowledge and humanity, and all this through the
disinterested interposition of the French Govern-
ment, not aiming at or effecting any further or less
estimable objects—why then we would bid it at once,
and the British Government would assuredly join us,
that France should be permitted " oiler son train."
But there has, unfortunately, been at times observable
between the words and acts of that highly po-
lished family the House of Bourbon, some not
igeonsiderable tendency to variance. It is not
above Wilt dozen years since the humane expe-
dient of a cordon sanitaire was employed professedly
against the approaches of physical disease, while the
real terror turned out to be that produced by the
possible contagion of institutions adverse to tyranny ;
and the genuine purpose of the cordon sanilaire was
to infliet a death-blow on civil and religious liberty,
bought at a terrible expense of blood by a brave
people, too honest to he other than credulous of so-
lemn protestations. The possibility that a design so
noble and philosophical as that of blowing up Al-
giers for the sake of the human race, might end in
rebuilding the fortifications for the convenience of a
French garrison,' and subjugating the whole north of
Africa for the glory of the French name—to say no-
thiog about the chief command of the Mediterranean,
Such a bare possibility, we repeat, might induce the
British Government to speak more bluntly to that
of France than suits our respect for his Majesty
King Charles. On the whole, we must impute the
above-mentioned letter, if it be genuine, to the
epeettlative and lively genius of an isolated French
diplomatist, and as not by any means pledging or
involving the Cabinet of King Charles the Tenth,
to execute, or even to entertain, propositions which
could not fail to sow distrust in Europe.—Times.

It earl hardly be meant, notwithstanding what our
correspondent of yesterday said, by the new' Bill for
building churches, to allow the Commissioners to
make a lodgment in any parish at will with one of
their structttees, attach a district, out of the parish,
to their erection, and rob the regular incumbent of
his fees and dues, without his own previous consent,
or that of the patron of the living, or both. This
would be making church property free booty indeed;
mid an incumbent, on witnessing such an intrusion
of strangers into his parish, might well ask, in the
words of Homer, " Are you come to trade with us
as friends, or are you pirates, come to rob and
plunder ?" -
What-are ye. guests, on what adventure say.
" Thus far ye wander through the watery way ?
"Pirate*, perhaps, who seek through seas unknown,
" The lives of others, nod expose your own."

. .
However, there is a passage at page 12 of the
draught of the • Bill, which favours the supposition
of our correspondent, wherein it is said, that
" where any one shall endow a church or ehipel
with's permanent provision in land or money,' he
shall only need the consent of the Bishop; and that
She patronage of suet church or chapel shall for
ever remain in the founder and his descendants.
This is entering a parish by bribery, in order to be
allowed to rob by law. On the subject of attaching
!twill districts to new eiturches, we would entreat
the Legislature to consider, that though this or that
parish may, from temporary causes, increase in
population, yet the territorial extent remains the same,
—that does not increase ; the cutting off horn it,
therefore, or cutting out of it, a district, does not
preeieely meet the evil complained of, and may proba-
bly maim a complete whole,—may mutilate a division
a land which was made for wise purposes at
first, and has existed unchanged for ages, during all
the revolutions of a Government. It seems to us
to be one step towards a division of the country into
departments. The mother church of a parish may
at last remain like one of those buildings on the
coast,.which may be seen but cannot be entered, the
encroaching tide having swallowed up all the country
sound it. Indeed, otte of the provisions of the Bill
as it now stands, is of a nature so ludicrously cruel,
that we cannot help laughing though highly indig-
nant at it. it is no other than this,—that the Corn-
miseioners may make any new church or chapel the
parish church, and turn the parish church into the
district shush or a chapel of east.. They may give
the Squire's lady to Jobson the cobbler, and the
Squire must take Dame Jobson, the cobbler's wife.
This is too bad ! We observe that the Commis-
sioners have had five Acts before the present,--this
is the sixth. 'Re deuce is in them ! They ought
to be ashamed of themselves.—Times.

Our readers will perceive, from the questions put
last night by Lords Londonderry and Holland to
Lord Aberdeen in the House of Lords, that though
au immense mass of papers respecting Greece has
been laid before Parliament, yet some very impor-
tant ones have been purposely kept back. Among
them are the conferencea which took place at Poros,
and the despatches of our Ambassador at Constant--
motile relating to the mode in which the assent of
Russia had been obtained to the giving up of two
millions of ducats; at first claimed by her as compen-
sation from the Porte. Lord Aberdeen could not
give any answer as to the copies of the despatches
till he had bad time to consider how far the interests
ofother Powers, as well as of this country, would
be affected by them, The Noble Earl had of course
quite forgotten the nature of the despatches, and it
was proper to be exceedingly circumspect. We may
infer the nature of the grounds of hesitation, how-
ever, from the silence observed with 'regard to a re-
petition of the question, Russia had abandoned so
large a portion of the compensation merely in order
so induce Turkey to concede what was demanded
of her by the Allied Powers. Lord Hp!land said
his object in asking for copies of the conferences at
Paris, was to know whether the fullest information ,
would be afforded with respect to the disputes re-
lating to the boundaries of Greece; for having gone
attentively through the mass of those papers already
before the House, he really was unable to divine the
reasons which had induced the Allies to change the
boundaries of Greece, as settled by them on the
28(1 March; and as that change was one of a most
important nature, he was most anxious to know the
reasons which had induced tile Allied Powers to
make it. Lord Aberdeen might berg have answered
for the Allies, for to him alone is to be ascribed the
bTeour of that singular change. Russia, of course
did not wish it; and the French Plenipotentiary
could not wish it. But Austria wished it • and
whatever Austria wishes is, of course, sacred in the',
eyes of Lord Aberdeen. However, a short time
till akar up this business.—Morning Chronicle.
Dr. Phillimore brought the subject of the Law of
Divoice before the House last night, in an able
speech, which b-• concluded by moving, " That an
