LADIES' FASTSIONS FOR .It/Nt.

(From Ackermr.nn's Repository of Arts, Fashions, &c.)
MORNING DRESS.—PaIe lavender-colotir gross de
Napier, high dress ; the waist long and pointed in
front. The body is cut bias, and sits icry close. to
the shape; a little fulnesS at the upper part is con-
fined lay gold filigree buttons. The Sleeves. are made
plain and large .as far as the elbow, but after Wards
scarcely exceed the size of the arm. The skirt is
set on 'with nearly an equal fulness all round, and
is ornamented with a waving Satin piping of the
saini-eglottr; elevated .on the left sale, sustaining
belli in Lairs, about half a quarter Of a yard apart.
The,lvat 4S large and circular, placed. hither low on
thesight side, with a slight declination in front : A
is of the same material and colour as the dress, lined
with pale pink satin, and ornamented with' two large
bows of broad gauze and ribbon of various colours,
on the top of the crown; the. strings proceed
from them and are fastened under the lavender-
colour trimming that -adorns the crown on each
side. Double collerette of French cambric, the
upper divided into five beautifully Worked vandykes,
the other square, and worked in small scollops and
bouquets, and fastened by a gold filigree buckle in
front, Gold ear-rings and joined onyx bracelets;
yellow gloves; black satin shoes,

BALL DRESs.—Ariephane crape dress, over a
bird of paradise yellow satin slip. The eorsag,c is
made full and square across the and is orna-
mented with three longitudinal pipings of yellow
satin. The sleeves are short and full, with epaulette,:
of yellow satin en coquille. The skirt is fulled in
all round the waist, and terminated with a yellow
satin rouleau, and is, trimmed half- way up with
ornaments of a semi-lunar shape, tapering to a point
in the curve below,but open at the top,and containing
a bouquet of flowers. Gold tissue belt; decorated
with a row of buttons arranged perpendicularly from
the upper to 'the lower point. The hair is parted
ou the•right temple; dressed" en grand boucle, and
confined by a pearl bandeau ; on the crow.' of the
head are three large bows of hair, bordered by rows
of pearls, and supported by long pins, concealed
withinsidc the bows. Gold tiara, and a pluMe of
white ostrich feathers placed.. at he back of the
head ; two stand. upright, and two long ones drop
towards the left shoulder. Parisian gauze scarf;
diamond ear-rings and necklace ;. mosaic bracelets ;
white kid liloves, stamped at the top ; white satin
shoes atilt sandals.

(From La Belle Assemblee.)

DINNER PARTY DRESS.--A dress of celestial-blue
wros des Indes, trimmed at the border with two rows
of pointed flounces, falling over each other, and the
edges bound with satin. These pointed flounces
are beautifully fluted ; the upper one finished at the
head by cinque-foil ornaments in 'silk, pointed and
edged round by narrow macaw,: of satin. The body
is en gerbe, and the sleeves a la Nark, confined by
bands, and, on each band, at the outside of the arm,
is a buckle. At the wrist is a cuff formed of flutings
and next the hand a bracelet of dark hair, clasped by
a cameo. Round the bust is a very broad falling
tucker of white blond ; and a white crape fichu is
warn under the -dress, buttoning down the front, and
surmounted by a triple ruff of lace or blond, just
beneath the throat. " Hat of white crape, ornament-
ed under the brim with blue and White satin, en
spatula. Ribbons of the sate two colours adorn the
crown, with a *delicate plume of white ostrich
feathers.

WALKING DaEss.—A pelisse. of lavender-co-
loured gi us de Naples, with narrow lapels orna-
melded with points,turning-kek on each-side of the
bust; each point finished by a gold button: Where
the pelisse closes in front, down the'skirt, it is cut in
square notcher,redged,by-a-tottlealt, two or three
shadei. darker• than the 'pelisse; 'a gold'button is
placed at the commeneetr,rent of every separation
caused by thesi• :notches. - A plain broad bias fold
-surinunds the border, beaded by 'a ronr(7au:' `Tfie
sleeves are tt to Marii,, with a very broal cuff ai:the
wrist, terminating up the arm in a long point.
This pelisse has no collar, and i left very open at
the throat;
,it is finished by a double frill of very
fine lace, of a splendid pattern., The hat is formed
of .gauze ribbons,,sewed together in stripes, .sea-
green and white, in bias, and the_ strings are of the
same. two colours; they are 'very- broad and very
long. The hat is also adorned with art 'elegant pro-
fusion of-green fancy flowers,- of the' rose kind, and
foliage. ,

(From the-World of Frialtion.)

The hats and bonnets displayed at the' different
Exhibitions, and placeS of morning amusement; ex-
hibit a variety of the Most 'elegant kind.' A hat-of
•steam-yelloW, for thiS' Style 'of- dress, is peculiarly
striking; it is of gros de.-,Niiples, and is trimmed
with fan ornaments,of the-seme.colour and material,
bound with the beautiful vio[et-purple': of the seme-
raris and yellow, alternately mingled; the edge of
the brim is finished in the'same manner. Riband
flows of seme-raris purple are tastefully edged with
green and steam-yellow; the strings are the same,
and in a long loop. A carriage bat is often of pink •
crape, ornamented, with pink satin foliage under the
brim, and the crown elegantly adorned with mara-
bout featheri. Another carriage hat is of green
Indian -taffety, -figured in a beautiful pattern of
flowers in variegated colours ; the ribands are
half white, half seme.-raris, and branches of lilacs
(charming imitations. of nature) play over the
crown : the riband composing the loop-strings is half
white, half -seme-raris; and the white part is bro-
ended in variously coloured streak, clouds. A car-
riage hat of ethereal-blue satin is also much admired,
it is figured in diamonds, en corbeille, lined with
amber,. and therrihands half amber, and half blue ;
on the amber part are brocaded clouds of various
• colours ; aigrette amber feathers ornament this hat.
Another carriage hat is of blue gros de Naples, bound
with Greek riband, white ground, and the Greek
pattern in amber, and shaded blue; aigrettes of lilac
feathers, tipped with amber, constitute the ornaments.
A very unique and 'elegant hat for morning lounges
is formed of a very rare foreign article ; being a tissue
curiously interwoven, of. willow and silk; it is of a
colour between the bright canary and jonquil yellow,.
.auk.l is trimmed in scrolls and bows of the same tna
terial as the hat, intermixed with gauze riband of
spring-green, figured with blue jessamine, and black
blond ; one string is richly' brocaded with the'same
colour as the hat, n a pattern of yellow roses ; the
i
other' is of green figured with blue jessamine, with
very' dark Veen foliage. A'' transparent bonnet of
white crape is a most attractize head covering; it is
profusely adorned. with lilac guUy.i and gauze rihruid
Chequered and striped with canary yellow satin. A
hat of white fig-urea satin with Greek ribands of
French white, chequered in' rose-colour and black,
"ti a broad blond sun rounding the edge of the brim,
is very fashionable for tit, motning ride in Hyde-park-
Amongst the hend-dresieS,' the present novelty
are the -..icintag toque and beret4iat; the toque is of
ink. crape erossei, over en: trellis with riband, in
narrow rouleauX; pink plumage plays beautifully
ever the (lowo-.l,The . beret-hat,, a la Sontag, is of
telueanti pinLAutsrailver tissue, in stripes ;.; the edge
, by a :silver. lace; the crown open
formed of 'Silver blue and pink riband
v :bullion, the plumage white.--,-There
are very elegant head=dresses for evening
parties, which consist of light and long puffs of blue
and silver 'and' pink and Silver riband; or different
shades of crepe lisle; the latter beautifully orna-
mented with natural flowers : these head-dreSses
require mueh art and skill in making.up; and let
!to lady flatter, herself that she may prepare this
bead-dress at home; it requires all the science of an
experienced marchande des modes to give it that
elegance for which these light.. and charming head-
dresses have became proverbial. Au elegant con-
nette for morning and home costume .is of very fine
thread-lace; it is ornamented with full-blown yellow
roses, made of crepe •disse; arid bo ivs of: striped
ribbon; in various colours; the riband is very broad.
The Polish mantilla, for the Opera, and on quit-
ting a eoncert or evening party, is of levantine, the.
colour terre tagypte ; it is. lined throughout with
blue sarsenet : it sits close to the shape at the waist,

and the seams down the corsage ere r;ehly orna-
mented by elegantly wrought silk t►innning : it has
loose drapery sleeves, very similar to those of the
Persian garments: ihcse, like them, are pointed,
and are trimmed round with blue corded silk. Ele-
gant carriage Scarfs, or for the evening part3', are an
entire new article in parure ; they are of white
panese gauz4striped across the coloured satin : and
on the white spaces between the stripes is a rich,
-brocaded pattern of various colourii in.flowers. The
scarf is edged round with a crimson satin salvage
berder, With narrow black stripes.

The favourite— colours are lavender, macassar-
rown, pink, steam-yellow; celestial• blue,. and lilac.

GENTLEMEN'S'FASHIONS FOR "JUNE.

(From the Gentlonau's Magazine of' Fashion, &c).
MORNING DREss.—A dark green olive Saxony
wool cloth coat, made double breasted; the collar
not quite so short from the back seam to the' top of
the lappet, nor so broad as they have • been won',
in order to give effect to the- waistcoat and era-
Vat, and as being more suitable to the season.
'The lappels have.square ends. The coats fits tight
to the shape—and the skirts are brought forwards
on tic hips. The sleeves are not quite so much en
jigot as lastmonth-4hey are made tight to the
wrist, to show the glove. Waistcoat of white
Marcellas ;—or of a blue crossed-barred British
Cachmere. Pantaloons of light- invincibles—a ma-
terial quite new—a sort of twilled drill—the colour
a delicate fawn : they,are made rather full, but not
p large as they have been worn, and show the for-
mation of the Icite; -for,ii4ll4 they have a strap, of
course, of the same material, but which is made to
take off ,at pleasure. The cravat a 1a croisecand
the collar of the chemisoprojeeting. Chesterfield
hat. Hair, .a Gloves, a delicate lilac.
A RIDING FROCK COAT.--It is made of super-
fine patent.. gambroon ; the collar is round, but not
wide, with, sharp points in .front. The pockets are
outside, made somewhat large, and are about an
eighth of a. yard distant from the last button. The
sleeves are en gigot, and are made loose, the cuffs
Three buttons at the wrist. The skirt ex-
tremely full, and extending about three-quarters: in
length. The waistcoat of light fawn cheequered
Valenola, bound with black ; it is buttoned tight up
to the neck a, la Prusse. White- patent corded
breeches, made full to the knee, but fitting close to
the shape downwards,;. covered buttons, and white
leather strings. A,.iky.•blue silk handkerchief. Jockey
boots and racing spurs. •Anglesea hat. Gloves,
strong double-sewed white kid.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH

(From the Gazette de France, Saturday, May 31.)
Viz NN A , 21.—Our funds have risen to-day, in
consequence of its being certain, that our Court was going'
to publish a declaration of neutrality relative to the war
between Russia and the Porte. It is affirmed that. this de-
claration will be published to-morrow in the official Ga-
zelle of Vienna. No accounts. have been received from
the theatre of war more recent than those which have been
known for some days. Their Imperial Majesties-set out
to-morrow for Luxembourg. The Emperor will come. to
Vienna once a week to receive in person the petitions of his
subjects.
The proposal made some time ago to form a camp of ex-
ercise in the environs of Luxembourg has received his Ma-
jesty's approbation, and will be .carried into effect after the
harvest. This camp will consist of 94 battalions of in-
fantry:, 6,000 cavalry, and some brigades of artillery.
HEIMA N N STA la, MAY 13.—Prince Ghika, the Hoe-
podar of Wallachia, has arrived at our Lanaretto ; he left
Bucharest on the lath, before the arrival of the Russians.
lle will reside for the present here, or at Cronstadt. It is
said that the Russians, after their entrance into Jassy, im-
posed - a military contribution, against which the Boyards
protested.
Pious, MAY 30.—We have a letter from Vienna of the
20th, which says," The lattletters from Jassy say, that
the passage of the Danube by the Grand Russian army will
take -Place immediately after the arrival of the Emperor
Nicholas- Braila has been evacuated by the Turks." We
have ,received -a bulletin of .the Russian• army, dated
.Ailiatria (on. the right bank of the Danube), the 15th of
May : the want of time and room hinders us from giving, it
before. to-morrow. ,
. per Cents., 103 f. sc. ; Three
per Cents. 70f. sc. -; Bank Stock, 1,900 f. ; Naples Mutes,
761.440 c. ; . Spanish Loan, llaytian Loan,
on London, one month, 251. .25c, ;
three months, 25f. 15e. . . . .

COUNTERREVOLUTION IN PORTUGAL

DECLARATION.
• " PowruCnEsuf.,—The militaryforee, essentially obedient
to the explicit oath of loyalty to our legitimate King, Pedro
IV., have amembled under. the authority of that same
solemn and sacred oath; in order to ratify and sustain the
same. . . .

" An express declaration to dethrone that.sannlegiti-
mate
sovereign, and raise another Monarch, not King
Pedro IV., proclaimed by a rebellious .faction, will doubt-
leis be considered as sufficient motives to justify the noble
resolution .of the Porbigutsie troops.
" The magnanimous author of the Constitutional Charter
of the Monarchy did not foresee thitt there would he any
revolted authorities which, by overawing our force, wished
to impel it to the destruction of the legitimate authorities;
and, to our shame, the late Military Commander of this dis-
trict, which post he abandoned after, having received his
promotion in the name of King Pedro IV., perjured and re-
vengeful, only allowed the force to assemble, in older to
destroy that sent Constitution.
-" In this case, what means are left to the defenders of
legitimacy in the mountains of Coruche, in the defiles of
Amarante, on the margins of the Prado, and on the bridge
of Barca ? The blood there shed by the Constitutional
sithjects of legitimacy was devoted to the most humiliating
abjection; that was about to be punished as a crime which
was our proudest honour, and we were reproached for our
subordination and obedience to the constituted Psoverntnent,
which there commanded us to sustain our military glory
and our country's renown, the sanctity of our oaths, and,
the legitimacy, of the throne.
" Portuguese! Our object just;--Heaven, in whose
presence we swore obedience to Pedro IV., will bless our
efforts, because it forbids us falsely 'to invoke the name of
the Lord the Sovereigns of Europe, all the Allies of the
same Most:Faithful Monarch, and' neat the Governments
of Whom his reireseutatives are received, will respect the
'character of Portuguese- inbjeets, and our own' comrades
and cOnspanions in arms will aid us in our honourable
enterpriSe.
" thetefore protest, in the presence of God and man,
that no one more than ourselves► respect the Infante Don
Miguel, as long as be continues to he the Representative of
his August Brother, the legitimate and sworn King of
Portugal, Pedro IV. ; hut us Fong as the faction which sur-
rounds hint induces him to be wanting to the express senti-
ments of an oath, still superior to ours, we are, with deep
regret, obliged to consider his will to govern as being
impotent.
Portuguese! Long live his Most Faithful Majesty
Pedro IV. ! .

• '" Long Yive Queen Mary H. !'
" Long live the Constitutional Charter of the Portuguese
Monarchy !

7 Long live the Infante Don Miguel, as the Representa-
tive of his August Brother !
" Long Jive the Holy Religion of
Our tOtetitllClS, which
presided at the oath we took!
Council, in the ( t
rieis4itof of all the Military °dims. )
cc Done at Otpho:tisoig,tiiialtau
of Santo th'idio, May 17, Iss:,
J.'un c"
•
(Here !Wow.
PROCLAMATION.
" Portuguesc—lt is time to avenge such vile insults—
such execrable crimes—so much perfidy and so many out-
rages. in vain our magnanimous and legitimate King
Pedro IV., rescued us front the slavery, in which, for age-,,
we bad been•plunged, and. restorvd to us our ancient and
inestimable liberties. '1 hat immortal .Monarch, from the
summit of his throne, said to the Portuguese—, 1 wish
you to be free-1 wish you to be happy when a liherti.
tide faction, the only real enemy of the thienciand the
altar, enraged, answered—` if thou wishest thppeople to
be free, we will that they Should be sla,ves. If thou wiShcst
them to be happy, we will that they should be wretched
and miserable, and it; to attain this, it shoulti•be neces-,
sari to call into our aid the arms of superstition and fana-
ticism, at all times fatal both to Sovereigns.and nations,
we will employ them. We will seek out . every means to
elude. deceive,. and .corrupt the pople ; we • will, employ,
the pulpit and the confessional; we will speak iu the name
oLGod, in which we du not believe; we will invoke a re-
ligion which we despise ; we will sanctify perjury, perfidy,,
and treason. Possessing the greatest portion oldie wealth

of the nation, we will emptoy it against & people, who
must be kept in ignorance, in order that they may never
understand their real interests.'
" Stroh, Portugne4e has been the obstinate struggle
which, ever since the Constitutional Charter, legitimately
and spontaneously hestowed., by our legitimate Monarch
reached us, we have' gloriously sustained a.gainst the itopi-
bus and Apostolico4esuitical factjon, and its sectaries.
Some Generals and officers, d.evirikogionbna and glqry—as
ignorant as they are anabitiOus'iiile as they are - wicked
and corrupt hirelings, early joined that, infernal faction ;
they decTiyott some ,of the regiments of that. brave and va,
Nut' aritay' OfPorttigal; and deserted to Spain, whence they
'returned, armed against their own country!! They rob,
assassinlte, and demalate our provinces; but Generals,
officers, and soldiers,, truly Portuguese,, fitithful to. their
country, their King', and their oaths; faithful, in short, to
their duty, fly and meet these wretched hirelings, who,
routed on every point, shamefully retreat to Spain, where
the people despise them as wretches, • and insult them as
cowards ; and where the Monarch, now made sensible of
the illu ion into which he bad fallen, orders them to be
concentrated, and those who sought to escape to be shot, as
some.(if them already were.

. •
" The impious Apostolico7Jesuitical fiction, enraged at
the defeat of its vile mercenaries, redoubles its efforts; sows
confusion and disorder among us—confuslon and•disurders,
which .a weak, ignorant, and perfidious Minister, enew.,_
raged and patronized.
" In this wretched and deplorable state the Cabinets of
Europe understood that the only remedy to so many evils,
was, to place at the head of the Government.of Portugal
that Prince, who, carrying his dissimulation to the highest
pitch, was able to deceive the august Monarch to whom the
unhappy.King;John.Vl., whose death we deplore, had con-
fined the education of a son, ever ungrateful and twice a
rebel ! In vain did the Emperor of :Austria endeavour to
inspire his pupil. with sentiments we, thy of '"*a. Prince.—
Neither •the.eares, the virtues, nor the example of that ve-
nerable Monarch, the true father of his people, could change
the perverted disposition and wicked heart of the Infante,
Don Miguel, sent into the world as a shame to Princes
and to complete the misfortunes of Portugal.
" Our legitimate King, at the. solicitation of all the Go-
vernments, named, because he did not know him, his bro-
ther Regent of Portugal and his own Representative. He
did not quit
.the Court. of Vienna till after he had taken
a most solemn oath to sustain the beneficent institutions
which the best of Monarchs had bestowed upon us..
All this he swore—all this be promised in the presence of
that great Monarch, in whom be had found the attentions
of a father, , and in that of the Ministers of all the. great
powers of Europe. But of what avail, Portuguese
the solemnity of his promises and the sanctity of his °ethic?,
" Scarcely did he reach Lisbon, when he tramples his
oaths and his promises under his feet. Heiurrounds him-
' self with Ministers, as ignorant as they are fanatical—as
wicked as they, are hypocritical; he surrounds himself
with the accomplices in his horrid rebellion of the 30th
of April, 1824, which had for its object no less than the
dethronement of his own father, who'll' the Foreign Mi-
nisters saved ; he dissolves, without cause or motive, the
National Representatives; he separates the Commanders,
Officers, and Sergeants of the various Military Corps,
who had been faithful to. their oath, faithful to their
legitimate Sovereign, and faithful to their. country ;
he dismisses a number of Magistrates• because they had
been faithful to" the Charter and the Laws, and he
substitutes in their stead, corrupt Ministers, without talent,
morality, henour; or religion; he employs the money
of the nation in purchasing and corrupting the .various
municipalities of the kingdom, and by intrigues, force, and
un'zxampled crimes, be declares himself a rebel against
his brother and his King, and in the moat vile. and
cowardly manner proclaims himself au usurper. Without
talent orlearning—diveated of honour and virtue.--,cruel
by nature, excelling in hyposrisy and dissimulation, he
aw,tits only the moment of being formally proclaimed King
by a vile band, composed of degenerate Nobles, Ecclesias-
tics and corrupt Magistrates, in order to let loose his yage,
his vengeance, and his tyranny.
" All the Monarchs of Europe reprove and detest the
criminal proceedings of a monster, who so basely deceived
them ; all detest and despise him, and they also know that'
now the forbearance of the Portuguese must have an end.
Already their Ministers in Lisbon have cut off • all com-
munication with that rebellion* and usurping. Prince, and,
in a few days, they will withdraw from a• Court where
crimes, impudence, irreligion, fanaticism, confusion, and
disorder alone prevail.
" To arms, therefore, Portuguese ! Let• us put
an end to many misfortunes ! Let us sustain the
right of our legitimate . King, anti of his august
daughter ! Let. us avenge these vile insults—these
execrable crimes—so much perfidy and so many out-
rages ! Let us defend our liberties. which rebellion, usurpa7
tion, and tyranny, seek: to wrest from us. Let' us sustain
the Constitutional Charter, legitimately given. Let us
avenge the national honour anti dignity. Let us sustain
our tlory.• Let us restore to the valorous Portuguese na
tion, peace, repose, and happiness, of 'which, on so many
. titles, it is Worthy. Let Its cast fir froth us an incorrigible
Princts, the shame of Sovereigns; the .'disherviur of Por-,
tugal, and an. object of contempt to the world.
" tong live• Peter our 1,-,gitunate King !
'" Long live Queen Mary 11., our legitimate Queen!
" Long live the Constittitienal Charter, legitimately

given I 7 .
" Long live all the sovereigns whe sustain the legit.i•
macV of Peter IV., of Queers Mary- IL, Intl of the Con
stitutional Charter'."

(Front the Lisbon Gazettes.)

LISBON, Ma 18.—Ou the'l2th instant, in the Pa-
licerof Ajuda, at two o'clock in the afternoon, the Depu-
t ition of the city of Evora, composed of Don Jose Joaquin.
Pocas PrOlessor of the Uhiversity of Coimbra, and live
others, were admitted to the presence of Don Miguel.
The Professor addressed to•the Throne a speech analo-
gous to the object of his mission, and delivered into the
Royal, hands the credentials 'and account of the events of
the 21st of April, on which day his Highness was spanta-
neonsly and freely proclaimed by the city of Evora; abso-
lute King, and the natural Sovereign of these kingdoms.
The condescension .and attention were not to be de-
seribed with which the august Prince listened to this
specch,.to which he was pleased to reply.
Was always certain ,of the love and loyalty of the city
of Evora, whose•whabitants have at all times given such
divisive proofs of fidelity to their Prince. I ant very happy
to receive this dOcUment from the hands of the Deputation."
They then paid their compliments tq her. Majesty the
Empiess Queen and the Minister of State:
(Signed) DON JOSE JOAQUIN PO' C,AS.
On the 13th inst., the 'deputatiOn of the Chamber, of
iloiniorvo was admitted' to the presence, of Senhor Don
Igiancl, which complinienting Ins Majesty on his happy
return to these kingdoms, delivered to him a repre-
sentation from the Chamber with a, suitable apeech, to
which the Prince returned a very satisfactory answer.
(Signed) ANTONIO VICTOR SOUZA.
• . ANTONIO ,FREIRE CORTES.

.OFOR,TO, Max. 15.—This City remains quite . tranquil,
but thdt this tranquillity miy not by any means be dis-
turbed, the respective authorities taking the necessary steps
for this -purpose, the police have posted up the following
EDICT. .
JOAO nE sA FERREIRA sosives; &c. &C.
Be it known, that it being necessary for the Royal ser-
vice, and for the• maintenance of better tranquillity, to
employ the means suitable to this object, I order, that from
the., publication. of this Edict the ~following regulations
shall be observed. In ths.montlis of January, February,
October, November, and December, all the shops and public
houses in this city and suburbs, sliall,be closed tit nine in
the evening. and in the other months of the year at ten
precisely.
It is forbidden to let off fire-works, ,or discharge fire
arms, except at those festivals when it is customary, per:
mission having been first, obtained.- In case of fire, the
ringing of bells to antioupee it is forbidden, until further
orders; his Excellency the Governor,General havinggiven
the necessary instructions to the Governor Pow to act on
such occasions.

. .
" Those who disregard 'this proclamation will be prt-
iiished by .fipc and imprisonment, according to the degree
of their Olt. The :Cotrunissaries of, the several quarters,
and the police officers, have receivAkthe, requisite orders.;
and that nobody may allege ignorance,.this Edict is to be
posted up in the Most public places of this city and suburbs.
(Signed) " JOAO DE SA PINEIRA.
• " FERREIRA SOARES." •
" Porto, May 12,- 1828." •
Latinos, MAY 22...--On the 17th, the Bachelor Jose de
Castra Navano, sent by the Chamber 'of the city of Pena-
'fluor, had an audience of Senor Don Miguel, and coin-
. plimented his Majesty on his happy return to his kingdom.
• his Majesty replied, that he thanked the 'inhabitants for
their good • sentiments, and highly praised their proteSta-
Aiona of loyalty. • *
' (SiKned) JOSE DE CASTRO NAVARRO.

. ,
At the shearing of the Cheviot rains, which
to place last week, upon the Crown Allotment of the
Grat Forest of Brecon, eight fleeces; taken protniscuotiely
'froth the Whole. clip, weighed a 8 "pounds. More than livo7
thirds of there rams were bredupon thispot; Cambrian.

- •
11,11;
. •

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 2, 1828.

It is amusing to observe how naturally the en-
Coniiasts. or *apologists of the gallant gentlemen who
now. preside over the state, slide into professional
language, in celebrating the recent triumph of their
principal hero.—They catch the full spirit of their sub-
ject. " IARMS AND THE MAN THEY SING." Their
minds teem with martial thoughts and visions l and
no sooner do they put pen to paper, than these ima-
ginations are precipitated in all the glittering forms
of military metaphor,—" the boisterous .and cruel
style" of the camp and the guard-room.
For example, a morning paper of last week, in
commenting on the late ministerial changes, which it
justly- ascribes to the breaking out of " dissension"
in the Cabinet, proceeds to state, in true regimental
style, that " the fearless and unhesitating manner in

vhich the returning Enemy was met and defeated
by the Head of the Administration, had inspired
fresh confidence in the genius and competence of

" that illustrious Individual."
So another Print, which has: somewhat unex-
pectedly joined, for a few -paces at least; the
triumphal procession of
.the Conqueror, tells us,—
not that Nt. HusKlssoN, in writing his letter of
conditional resignation, was attempting a trick or
expedient against the Duke of WELLINGTON, in
which the Duke foiled him,—to talk thus would
have been to use the tame language of men •of
peace,-7-but that Mr. HusxtssoN. was practising
" a ruse-de.guerre, in which, as might be expected,
" the Duke out-gcncralled him." , ~•
By far the greatest adept, • hoWever, in the use of
this brave phraseology, is that Journalist who, of all
-our- eoternporaries, appears to have most deeply im-
bibed the spirit of the new system, and who has un-
qUestionably sounded the loudest note among all the
panegyrists—we beg pardon, ve would say trumpe-
ters-;--of the .gallant!,Field-Marshal at the head of
affairs. It at bnce be perceivel that we allude to
the illorningP The question is, whence arose the
late rupture in the Cabinet ?—Our respectable friend
answers, Mit WSKISSO'N and his party were riot "a.
very well diSciplided part of the Ministerial' corps."
They were guilty, it seems, of " insubordination.."
Nay it would appear • that these disorderly persons
were disposed "to form a mutinous body in the
"caMp." They "hoisted the banner," our friend
says, under .which they had acted in the time of Mr.
CANNING.—Breach of discipline and mutiny! Who
but must rejoice that the insurgents were put cloWn
the "generalship': (as-.the same paper calls it)lofthe
great Duke ? The only Wonder is- that peace should
have been restored without a little of that essential
sedative called Military execution. •

It appears- from ►he same authority that .the
mighty Victoi is not one •of those • Officers' who
know how to gain a victory without undeistauding
how to Make the best of use of it. The same skill
that broke rip the Cabinet, can also remodel. it.• For,
iu forming the new arrangements, the Duke; we are
told, " is too experienced a General to adopt any
" course. without first giving it - the most mature
" consideration."

, But our contemporary waxes yet, more soldiei-
like as he advances. We do not believe that the
very Genius of German discipline could have indited
a more perfect sentence than that on,which we com-
mented in our last, and which—for it -well^merits
the compliment-r-we shall here again present to;our
British readers :—" Already have his MAJESTY'S
Counsels been purged of the impurit;es-Of
dious Liberalism, and all THE TRAITORS TO T/IF..
" ILLUSTRIOUS CHIEF been expelled Me Camp !".
So it appears that some of his MAJESTY'S Cabinet
Counsellors have been traitors, not to ,MAJESTY,
but to the ILLUSTRIOUS CHIEF Oi,"IRA CAilp!
Nothing was ever- equal or second to this,:—The
" Ego et Rex . melts" of WoLsEr is a mere farce
to it :

" No more our long-leit 'Art'inUiCive bewail !":
The very Monarch of the Round Table has re-
tamed to life, and it is treason in King GEORGE'S
sworn Advisers to dispute his pleasure.
—But we must not let the
..e.xtravagariCe of this
adulator divert us from our purpose, or betray us into
gravity. It is not the sentiments of the Treasury
Journali, it is only the lighter. subject of their
language, on which we would here remark.--
Who feels not the force and spirit of the warlike
diction, of which we have given. Specimens ? Far-
ther, who perceives not that it has the merit Of pre:-
eisely .suiting the 'present state of things? And
who therefore can doubt that it will come into ge-
neral use, so soon as the new syStem shall be fully
established,—that is, so soon as our consular form
of government shall have completely given place to
a military tribunate ?." 'l4 "'
Rumour indeed says that this `bold and
gorous style is iniroediately to supersede the
sliig33;thich at in both our
Houses of Parliiircidiit;. 'arid" especially in .the
Commons; and we , cannot• take leave of the
subject;withOut briefly. pointing out the advantages
of-such a change. 14ead of,:t4i!ffg'f a Session,
for example, how infittiVely;Ore POinted and striking

.?k

it will be to talk or a campaign ! How lengthy and
ambiguous is that phrase. Iscall of the House! And
how expressive a substitute will be introduced in
*single word a muster! So again, nothing can
belanire clumsy than the motion " That this House
do now adjourn ;" and how conveniently this form
of dismissal will be superseded by the concise an-
nunciation " Disperse !"
'When the improved nomenclature
,is 'established,
never more will a Member make. a Motion, and be
assisted by a seconder; nor will the motion lead tO
.eOntersation or a debate. No, the Member will
movement, aided by his second; and the movement will
bring on perhaps onlya sliirmish, perhaps an engage-
ment. The Ministerial party will become the'
Household Troops ; the Counters if noses will be
convertedinto Scouts; and the Opposition, will be
very appropriately known as the Enemy.
• What is to be the improved designation of that
gallant officer now distinguished as the Speaker, we
cannot exactly conjecture. But every man, not ab-
solutely a Radical must see how favourably the dis-
cipline of the: House of ,Commons will be affected
by a regulation that shall exchange the wig and
gown of the' Right Hon. Gentleman :far the

full uniform of a Lieutenant-General,—that shall
decorate his person with various orders,—and ordain
a halbert to be Carried.before him instead of a mace.
The_ words of command also which, in his meta-
moiphOed state, be, may be• expected to adopt,
will be infinitely more striking and effective than
those which be. is MAI' obliged to employ. We have
partly shown this , already; and may give another
example or two. When the House is .a little dis-
orderly,—we beg pardon, a little mulinous,,--how
poor and paltry does it, sound, to hear froth the
Chair the sleepy word " Order !" Whereas
" Attention !" and " Eyes centre !" will compel
instant and general obedience. Again, what a
heavy and also ambiguous monition is that which
the Speaker, according to modern usage, so. often
finds himself compelled to' use, " Gentlemen will be
so good as to take their places !" All which
heaviness and ambiguity will be effectually, avoided
by substituting the laconic order " Fall
But:we have neither time nor spaCe to expatiate
farther. The benefits to be expected from the im-
proved phraseology, are obvious; and we cannot
doubt that the hints we have given will immediately
be acted on by some of the devoted adherents of the

new Government; to the infinite satisfaction of all
who truly love warlike feats and warlike figures,—
the march of armies and of intellect.

THE FIRST GREAT RATTLE.

The Nurenaburg Correspondent of the 26th May
furnishes us with an account of the first great battle
fought between the Russians and Tullis, in which the
latter have
nine and t i
en tlO,
haviebeeneon t e4l dtnd
e:aeat ed:ei killed,itihtl furlosSof lbe;
wounded are mentioned, besides 3,500 prisoners.—
The Turks also lost 43 new brass cannon, ;23
mortars, and one hundred and seven standards The
loss of the Russians amounted to 1,750 killed, and
about:3,ooo.wounded. Thus has the pride of the
Turks been humbled in the first great encounter,
notwidistandink.their boasted preparations of defence.
A great portion of the Turkish army is shut up in
the fortresses of Giurgewo, Rudschuk, and Silistria,
amounting to 35,000 men, who will probably have
no alternative but to surrender to the Russians. It
appears that the-Danube had been crossed by the
Russians with little trouble. The Turkish army in
the field cenFisted of 40,000 infantry and 15,000
cavalry, and. was greatly superior to the Russians.
The Turkish new troops stood pretty firm, and at first
succeeded in throwing part of the Russian cavalry
into disorder; but the arrival of the infantry and
'horse artillery soon "put the Turks to the route.
They were pursued several wersts on the high road
to Constantinople. The news of this defeat in the
I capital will • put the SULTAN'S head in jeopardy.
The Turks lost a number of men: and all their
camp equipage and provisions in the crossing of the.
Danube, besides 2,500 killed in .a sally from the
fortress of Rudschuk. • • •

NUREMBURG, MAY 25..
The Lembury Gazette contains 'the following. Russian
bulletin :

".Cattlpbefore Silistria, May 13.

" In order to leave the enemy no tints to collect his
armies en the Danube, and call into the field his fanatic
Museultnan ; population is the countries beyond- Mount
Balkan, the General-in-Chief, Count Wittgenstein, resolved,
to serylfrein'Jaisy' two divisions of infantry, under Gene-
rals Yerre,s'ofl7 and IJwaroff,: and several divisions of ca-'
valry, under Lieutenant-General Count Pahlen, which
were to proceed by forced marches, and by the shOrtest
'route to and over the Danube. Those divisions Were al-
ready assembled the day before yesterday at Turtukay,
tweeu Silistria and Rudschuk, and it was resolved that
they should cross the river during the night, while 'Lieu-
-tetaint-GOeral Doctorow, with the .vesstfls at the Mouth of
ttie Argis, crossed that river in the night, where the. Turks
about 3,000 strung, were encamped behind the garden of
this, place towards Rudachuk, under the command of
Bohm' Mustapha, Paella, of two tails. The latter became
aware of the passage of the vanguard, under Gen.-Uwaroff,
On seeing this, they sent some galleys with cannon to hitt.-
der the remainder froM crossing, but after some opposition
from our troops,,the vessels withdrew, and went further
up the Danube, and the ISiacha with his troops took flight
near Rudschuk, and lost many Turn by the pursuit of the
hussars and cossacks. He abandoned all his camp, and
some prisoners, =Mug 'Whom was a Chaznadar, danger-
ously wounded. Major Jurgentz had another affair with
the enemy near the village of Czarnowodiea, who had 'past
the_ Danube with above 1,000 men, some leagues above
Rudschuk. This affair lasted six. hours. The enemy,
who was then put to flight, left 200 dead on the field, car-
rying off his wounded ; we lost 45 men killed. Wounded
Major Jurgentz, Capt. Villa), Second Lietitenant Juriew.
Cornet Baron Palemberg, and 51 privates.
To-day the.Seraskier Assail Bey, Pacha of Rudschuk,
made a sally front that fortress near Turtukay. He at-
tacked General, Doctorovv; with 15,000 cavalry and in- •
fantry," with greet impetuosity, both by laud and water.
The General, however, defeated.the enemy with great loss,
and pursued him twenty worsts,,
.The enemy had 2,500
men killed ; we took 159 prisonere, among whona is a
Bitn Pachtt3 one cannon, and three standards also fell into
our hands. About the . same time in the afternoon, as
Generals Uwaroff and Yermoloff' were marching with
their divisions past the Castle of Kozlodzy, they had a
sharp action with the, enemy.
The enemy, whose cavalry, alone was nearly 15,000
strong, was under the comniand- of the Reis Effendi
Abbu-Ruzack, who was Ambassfidor at the Congress at
Akerman, and the infantry, nearly 40,000 men, utfder the
command.of the Colonel-General of the Nizam Gedid (new
troops), stood pretty firm. The Turks, by their supe-
riority of force, at first succeeded in throwing.part of. our
cavalry into disorder, to Which the nature of the ground,
which is full of defiles, contributed, as it hindered them
from acting in proper order. But the infantry and'horse
artillery came to the support of the cavalry, and attacked
the enemy with so much impetuosity that they totally put to
flight all the enemy's corps, who were briskly pursued
for several wersts on the road to Schumla and'Browods,.7
our troops got possession of the whole of the enemy's
camp, all the tents, and a great quantity of ammunition of
all kinds, 43 new brass cannon, 13 very large and 10
'smaller mortars, andlo7 standards. The number of the
enemy's killed amounts to between 9,000 and 10,000 teen,
and that of the prisoners to 3,500 cf all arms. '0 yr loss
ammoounngts't
ht k
fialinsky, and several officers ; among the latter,eneral
Baron Haymar, Colonel ,Uwaroff, the Lieut.-Colonel of
the Regiment of Siewko, Prince Ruticrew, Lieatetiant
141.1aejt r- G ande neno'u Ba Rosen,,, Colonel
t 3,000 wounded.—
A
Brand of the Moscow Chisseurs, Lieut, Czernow, Enisign'
Ckarlantow, and several others, and 365 Sabah,- a oth-
errs. In the fortresses of Giurgewo, Rudachuk, ;nd Si-
listria, 35,000 'i'urks are now shut up, who will j,.obalsly
