All three, therefore, will reach you together, they leaving till,*

place to-day, by a vessel pound to Trieste. Yo i will learn by
them what has passed up to that time : and I now inclose you
copies of two letters which I have received relat.ve to the battle
at Carpinissi, which was fought by the immortal Marcus Bot-
zaris, in which you will perceive the heroism with which he
fought against the strongest body of the enemy, on which the
Porte had thus founded itagreatest hopes. After the defeat of
this corps, the Turkish fleet made sail from Missolongo, went
to Milos, and having experienced some resistance, did not die.
embark, but continued its course coasting the islands of Faros,
Sires, Tino, Miconos, &c. without stopping at any island ex-
cept at Sires, where it left two frigates. It is not yet known
whether or not it will go to Mitylene, to Scio, or if it will re-
turn to Constantinople, to pass the winter there.
The Greek fleet sailed from hence yesterday, and remained
duringlhe night oft' the island, without being able to make any
prOgressein consequence of a gale of wind blowing against it.
It waits for nothing, therefore, now but fine weather, to proceed
and attack the enemy. The vessels of the Hydriots are twenty
in number, including four sfire-ships ; those of the Spezziots
amount to eighteen, including alio two fire-ships; those of the
Ipsariots are fifteen, includiniaalso.two fire-ships. The Spec-
ziots have not yet come out, but they have written that they are
to sail in three days. The liefariots and the Hydriots have re-
solved, however, to fight without the others, if they do not join
them in time. We all hope, that if the Greek fleet meets the
Turkish fleet, the former will conquer; as the Greeks have con-
quered on shore, because the, Greek Admiral Miauli is at sea,
while Marcus otzaris was on land.
The Turks' to the•ainount of six thousand, who had invaded
the island of Negropont, have gone into Attica, near Athens,
and our troops have tiken up their old positions at Negropont.
At present attention is directed. towards attacking the corps
which has penetrated into Aiticia: I send you the copy of
a letter from the • Captain of the Salarnandre, a French ship
of war, in which you will see the intrigues that are made use
of to sow divisions among the Greek Islands. It seems to me
to merit publication in sonic of your newspapers, that the ill
conduct -of this Captain may reach the ears of the French
Government.
HY DUA, Au0.,22, 1023.—1 t is now more than a month
since I arrived here to take with me M , one of the
most distinguished
.patriots of Hydra, and come to you to
make a loan. But in consequence of the situation of Greece,
menaced both by sea and land, we resolved to wait some time
longer, to ascertain better the condition of our country. The
Greek fleet, for want of money, finds some difficulties in pre-
paring for sea. Lord Byron is expected here with open arms ;
he is at present at Cephalonia, and from him pecuniary succour
to enable the fleet to put to sea is expected.
Missolongo has been blockaded for three months by the
Turkish fleet, and menaced' by the troops of Omar Pacha
and Jussel Pacha, and by those of Scodra Pacha, lately arrived
with 14,000 men, who have penetrated as far as Agrapha.
Missolongo was in a critical situation, and its fate was a sub-
ject of alarm. lien. Marcus Botzaris, who was at Missolongo,
and saw the melancholy situation of the country, which is a
bulwark of Western Greece and of the Peloponnesus, resolved
to go and attack the enemy at Agrapha. He arrived there,
united his troops with those of the other Chiefs of that neigh-
bourhood, and fought a battle which was one of the most
splendid and most glorious to be found either in ancient or
modern history. I inclose you a copy of the Bulletin, which
arrived here this mourning. This battle has decided the fhte
of Greece fir this year, because all the hopes of the Turks
were placed on Scodra Pacha, and by his being beaten, and
his troops dispersed, all the other corps and chiefs are pa-
ralysed. Ilere, then, the Greeks are victorious fir another
year.
I expect we shall soon set out for your country. Greece,
abandoned by the rest of Europe, hopes to find in your
country all those succours which are necessary for its rege-
neration.
Marcus Botzarls has left a wife and children, who are un-
fortunately at Ancona, and have need of assistance to enable
them to live. I recommend them to your attention, and I
bey of you to recommend them to your philanthropic Cow-
-1 matte.
flys-saw, Avo. 23, 1823..-1- confirmed my last letter by a
copy yesterday by the way of Celibaloula ; ,und I hope soon to
have news of other facts equally brilliant to communicate to
you. The successor of Marcus Botzaris is his younger bro.
ther, about 32 years of age, Constantine Botzaris, who was pro.
claimed General by his brother's victorious troops after his
death, on the field of battle. This Chief is in pursuit of die
retreating enemy. He also is a meritorious Suliot, and worthy
'to be the brother of Marcus.
The Greek fleet is preparing to go to sea, to meet the enemy.
The following is a copy of the letter front the French Captain
alluded to above :
" Naxia, on board the Salamandre, July 22, 11123.
" Sir—l have had en interview with you. I have told you
what the Commandant of the French naval force in the Le.
vent desired me to tell you, viz. that the Latin and Greek Ca-
tholics, and any others, were under the protection of of France,
and that. the naval force of his Majesty the king of France
would oppose and would prevent by force, if you laid ob.
statics in its way, any imposts whatever being, laid on the
property of the French Consul, of the religious people,
and of the Latin and Greek Catholics, which would piece
them in opposition to that neutral conduct which they wish
to observe. I have to desire you will remove the sequestra-
tion which you have laid on their property ; if you do not, !shall
report it to time Commandant of the division at Nausea; and, in the
mean time, I shall act according to the orders which he has given
me. I send an officer with this, by whom I beg you will send
me back the order to remove the sequestration which you have
laid on the 'property of the Catholics ; and, particularly, I desire
that you will not dispute about words and phrases, because it ap-
pears to me that I have said what it was necessary to say, and
I e. 31 not change a single word of what I have said, and of
what I have written to you : and if I do not obtain what I de-
sire tomorrow, or the day after to-morrow, the Commandant
himielf, and two other vessels with him, will be here, and it
is very probable that the same thing will happen to Naxia
which took place at Sire. I warn you very seriously that lam
not of a disposition to allow myself to be amused with words,
nor will I be put off, and I will immediately put an end to
these proceedings ; and as soon as I receive your answer I
shall act according to the orders I huve received. The officer
whom I send to you has orders to bring me back your answer,
yes or no, to what I demand of you.
I um, Sir,
" The Captain of the, Frigate, Chevalier of the Legion
of Honour, Commandant of the Corvette of his
Most Christian Majesty the Salamandre,
• . D. GRA N DPRE.
" To Mr. Photius Caraparo, at Trimalia."
ZANTP., Oor. 25.—Letteri from Tripolitzs announce that
the Chiefs of the Peloponnesus, agitated by the intrigues of
Theodore Negris, having opened their eyes to the danger to
.which their discord may give rise, have abjured their resent-
ulnas, and resolved to devote themselves wholly to the interests
,of their country. Six Commissioners have been appointed to
luperintead the national treasury,
.in which the public revenue
will be deposited, and to give a faithful account of the pro.
erects. Two of these six Treasurers have been chosen from the
t Pelepennesians, two from the Primates of Beinelia, and two
fiOrn the Eparchs of time Cyclades, or Isles of the /Egean Sea.
1
In consequence of this regulation, Many patriotic donations '
hate been presented to. the Government. Colocotroni has given
0,000 piastres, and his example having been generally fellow-
ed, money his been sent to Hydra to pay 18 brigs of war,
,whiCh are to blockade the fortress of Patras by sea, while Colo-
Rotroid is to invest it by land. The same naval division is also
destined to succour Miesolonghi in case of need. This last
Place has no* in its batteries 66 pieces of cannon, a trench of
' 66 feet in breadth on the side of l‘yratisirinis, and a numerous
garrison, which will be re-inforced until the surrender of the
fortress of Patras. All penions have been withdrawn from the
town whose presence wan not absolutely necessary for its de.
fence. The Government, occupied with every measure which
can contribute to the public safety, has sent orders to the Go-
vernors of Pyrgos and Gastonni to get ready as soon as possi.
ble 20,000 bushels of wheat for the service of the Greek armies
of Patras and Emile.
FILA Nr Kl' 0 uT, Nov. 16.—T h e Oriental Spectator affirms
'that on the 26th of September, eix Algerine ships captured two
Spanish vessels near Chesme, and landed the crews at Rhodes.
This journal, which is always written in the interest of the
'lurks, says, that both the Mussubriane and the Greeks begin
to wish that their contest was at an end. " Negropont, Tema,
and Attica," it says, " do not furnish the Turkish treasury
with more than li million of piasters, and it costs four mil-
lions annually to keep them in subjection. This sacrifice is the
Irian severely felt, as the Piirte, during the war, does not re.
fleiveithove a third of its ordinary revenues. The Greeks, on
• the other hand, .so long as the war lasts, lead a life of danger,
'between desolation and slavery„, death and banishment. Itl:ven
qf' they liiiiiild maintain 'their independenee, . the expense of
thdir I;ovetnment ,and military establishment would be double
I illf,tollllo they jusid the Porte. Thus it is for the interest of
' both parties, anti partietilarly of the.G reeks, to coma, to a speedy
arrangement of their diffetences.t) - .

FO►R THE SUN.

SPANISH BONDS.

Eni•roa--Whilst the public mind k kept
in a state of uncertainty respecting the recog-
nition or annullment of the Spanish Bonds, it
may not be improper to call the, attention of the
Bond-holders, to the fact, that in tire Convention
entered into between the British Government and
the Constitutional Government of Spain, respect-

ing the indemnity claimed by the British Mer-
chants for the piracies committed in the West
Indies, it was an arrangement specifically agreed
to, and accepted by our Government, that the
claimants, on making good their claims, should
receive in lieu of payment thereof, Spanish Bonds,
at the rate they might be selling at in the London
market. This convention has been ratified by
Spain since Ferdinand issued his famous Decree
of the Ist of October, and it remains to be seen
whether the British Government will not compel
him to recognise his Bonds, the more especially
as the very acceptance of these Bonds, by the
Government, as a good and valid payment to the
British claimants, was a strong inducement for
many pedple to speculate in them.
A CONSTANT READER.
