counT clucuLAtc.

Lori) HILL had au auilionea yesterilty of his It',weary,
Iler Royal Ilighneva the Duoheat' cif Kt‘ter, attelidtql
Lady Cit,tat,orrit St. ItAtag, tiineti 'with their hlAnNit
TIRi yeaterday at St. Jatria.*
The Qui:ltx tiok an /thing ye.itinility ire tl,e' rit,l
Pit! * YkS to the Princess Soma, at her nre
K''..iaingtos Palau&
Sir ttictra an Ilut.tnt.ry Panties *AI ite binfilre,
the KING is Council, on, Waaintialay, Lin it Lionteriaiit tot'
the town and county of ILivorturdtromr.

The Ducheit of Gittouottratt dined with the Duke and
' Duehers Of CUMtsUltl.Ahtliytestetdmy, at St, danio.'.4 Vakata.,
The Austrian and Rusaian Anthase44....l had long, con,
6.,reiwtht With ViirOttia ?AIM EIIhTON ycit'lthty et the Ve.•
teign eflace. The Prus,istu Atotister had att intetvieiv
with the Nabht Viscount yeeterday.
Thu Alattluie el LatigtHlWNE, the Diiihibp or 1..0
and Mr. Cu.ati GILJOIT, ihM"VieWe w;tik Etri Cap yesterday.

The 111,irquis of Elia (Lot' Li,eotoriAot of tho
catottty Of AtWAnif), Lord GRASIIII:CA (L0t..1 Licotryttit,r.
uI 11.athAdhlth•c), end the Aitwtoir of C11A741,. -wertrkit
vomit with, Vibeouu,4 Altuatotnore yeiiterd,ty At the I#ool4
Office.

nueartolvt tiepotationt chiony Iron Ow
,'"untiol, pigtailed by Alr. LirruvroN, ttd,
Treatatry on Thlostlay, anti bid, ‘t;,
aty. Thr deputation ai,erwartit treat rP . '
the liaard of Trade, mei Lad lot jam ti
dent nod Vice. IN eeideut•

SPIRIT O tIIB PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The Duke of Newcastle, referring last night lo
report in the Chronic /4. of a speech lately delivered
by Sir Thomas Denman, on his election at Notting
barn, in which he applied a passage to himself, asked
whether it was right for the King's Attorney.
General to come there and utter language calculated
to draw him into contempt ? "He was shocked
(he said) to find that the King's Attorney-General
could join in such conduct. "He was surprised dee
such a person could adopt the slang of the oda-
guided populace, and pander to the fevered feelings
of the licentious. He would not be attacked.--.he
would not be vilified in this manner. Ile gave this
public notice that he would defend himself from such
imputations, and vindicate the rights of his class."
To vindicate rights is all very well ; but the public
and his Grace may differ as to whether the con-
sciences of the freemen of Newark belong, of 'right
to his Grace or not. This is a ticklish question ;
and we can hardly wonder that his Grace, under all
the circumstances of the case, should be averse 'to
have his rights scrutinized. "He wished (he ob-
served) to say, that he was anxious the Noble Earl
(Grey) should forbear for the present to agitate the
question of Reform at all. It would only be produc-
tive of agitation in a time of no ordinary excitement."
On the part of Earl Grey and the Lord Chancel.
for great courtesy was shown to the Noble Duke,
who, though averse to Reform, is in these dines; a
man not to be unnecessarily irritated. One language
*vas seeming in the
.mouth of 4' popular enralidu.te
on the hustings, and itiotherwhen the election was
secured. It was the Lord Chancellor who, during
his late canvass, alluding to the difference between
the prombies and performance of candidates, so hap.
pily produced the observation that" Hell was paved
with good intentions." However it was shown by
the Lord Chancellor, that the Attorney-General
bad not made, use of what gave his Uruce the
greatest offence. As to the question of Reform,
.Etal (bey said, what no reflecting man will ques-
tion, " that it could no longer be delayed, but it
must be looked at fearlessly and fairly, since, if it was
deferred lover, instead of the improvement being
effected cautiously and carefully within, the change
might be made from without w an extent and in a man-
tier that would carry destruction to the Constitution it-
self." Though Earl Greyevoided enteritiginto details,
and indeed said, that till the question reached the
Upper House from the Commons, he should opt
mite his opinion on it ; yet he ,mid enough to show
that be was opposed to Ballot. " Perhaps he
might have strong objections to it."—" tf the Elec.
Lion by Ballot were adopted, " said the Duke , of
Newcastle, " there would be no common ties be-
tween that wo Houses of Parliament." That, we
Wove it the very reason why the people are so
anxious for it. These tier between the two Houses
au's net in the greatest favour at the present moment.
We confess the language of the Duke of Newcastle,
and some others of his class, dit the present moment,
dove surprise us riot a little. Little do they
fellow of what is passing in the minds of men at this
time. All that we hear from the country fills us with the
most serious alarm. While his Grace of New-
castle 1111 quarrelling with the use of the word " bo-
roughmonger," in an election speech, the landholders
arid farmers throughout the country are absolutely
meditating the destruction of tithes. At tide mo-
ment tithes are not saleable ; and men who would
have purchased livings gladly hull a year ago, now
hold buck. We could say much more if we chose;
but we abstain for the present. This we know,
that the farmers throughout the country are in a
mete of alerening diScontent. They laugh at Ida-
multimea assemblages..-411 evil which they can meet ;
bat the incendiary has paralysed them, and they look
forward with horror to the period when the thrash
tug shall be finished, and all the moat high wept,
Sn their A gentleman, who tins attended
pays' that the ',gloom oe
• tiastentsaanOtts:•ortly litiitetiarald*eisionelly E4l 4 bitter
aide, `wht+ttthey here( anecdote of it 'elergynneo
• bialtiticOnght t,r servos by 6)0u4 his
lade do run believe that men, like the DCke of Nits,.
castle, as evraie ut this CUR (Jf the danger,-.;-1
Aformin Chronicle.

jr it, pe:iiape; one Of the most fottutt4te
upon earth,- though t fate present be)
rtorltikigtel to its support, ibet, $ Bill brought, 'en
I'Y -r rat t t ltd iliCnthogs toe tatablishmer t ,
courts, ehould be one both of .rufatm nod re
trenchment, hid, therefore, the beet touchateve
public virtttxt. T Like /Metiers spear, it
wrli make the foyers of plooder and corrtipthre—the-.;
ineetnnble to the Sufferings of die peonle—titarr feat h
io their 14111401 Hy 41:110114 Olhapt`, 614010 PAii;
perlinni posOsitittr, it oduccere of 10,,Imitp4;1,1vitout*
will bud the proceeds of that infamous pension or,
place altruist annihilated by die Success of the Rill
he will boldly oppose its progress. The opposition
of another will be more wily, Ire the pins to be.
pose( down are leas enormous. it is well ! Let
them prefece their speeches with an account of their
motives! But from whence do the sums come?
The nine thousand a-year and upwards, and the
sum of lesser magnitude ? From the poor suitors
in courts of law ! From the oppression of the op-
pre,4ied ! The people call for this measure as one ofl
double merit in these difficult and dangerous times,
—as one of reform and retrenchment united. Nu-
rnattity and justice call for it. 'Flue number of
caues at circuit may probably be reduced by three-
fourths should the Bill be carried. What a felicity
for the country ! But What an hieltetiakilt to oppo-
:linen by the bar, mikes the bar were Indeed com-
posed wholly of honourable and disinterested men
Ont' own opinion of the measure, which we have
foundered as well as we are able, is, that it will be
almost of as muck utility even as Parliameitteri Re-
forM ; and, unlike Parliamentary Reform, it is
unattended with danger, ued leeds to no undefined
eoesenuences.-7Vmer.

In commenting yesterday upon the melancholy
proofs of wustefulnesi and corruption afforded by
the official tables of " salaries, fees," &c., brought !
forward in the letter of our cot respondent, " Radical,"
there were some points overlooked, and a few, we
apprehend, misconstrued. " A Reformer," who
strays to us on the subject of the Custotn•house,
gives a Nish to that epicurean establishment. lie
adds to the former description of its luxuries, the
ilea` of *Wiling and keep (out of the public money)
for flee horse* of the Gentlemen Commissioners!
What! to ride after contraband traders, we suppose,
tasks borse•marinea of " their Honouree!"
And would it riot enhance tbeffeliglete of such a
chase, to build a kennete—someWhere about the Isle
of Dogs, for instance,--ansi art up a pack of fox
or wood-hounds, to give the board it fair chance
after those'curining devils the senuggless, infeatitig
the several reaches of the Thames ? A naval ap-
paratus, it appears, is already at, the command al
the Gentlemen Commissioners. We have seen
their yachl,—ealled, by way of salvo for tender
consciences, a " revenue cruiser,"—arid a maser
craft she iv, us well Lemon-es her business, which
is that, we understand, of enalding their "
Ho-
nours" to make pleasure oaeittsions along
the coast during summer, wheel too Kergiernuo,
at least no weffpuid geotletnan, would think of dis.
gracing himself by doing business in the hot utmost..
Owe of a city botird-rootn, while the west end of
the town ;4 me defitit. As a further accommodation
to these "infant statesmen," there are, it appears
aiX General Surveyors, rat bOOl. per annuin each,
who are stated to transact the real bu,tiness (the
eirecutive Lusiness) of the higher department of the.
Customs, leaving to the Commissioners the less la-
ituetous drudgery of exercising the
.ceettle fed and
I,.!4"lred_r.ur theta at the 04 of the nation, and of

aseettaioing at, whir}of the watering places, how
Monate to Cowes, the bet company anti best
(linner4 are to be snot with, This Board Of Cain-
noishioners, it it positively affirmed, stun& the country
ill not lea* than 20,0004 per antuno„ while the work
alight be (lone, with the mane or greater efficacy,
t 3,000/ at the highest calculation. Wit trrk
potoihiy viait the Board of fixeise by.atol-by.
in the mean time, we ate bound, on further
.throanution, to qualify a rentatit wbwh was

put forth in yesterday's journal on die con-
ditime of the Irish Secretary's-office " resi-
dent in London," and to add one word in regard to
its existing. head. We described that office. us
Arriving been long since condemned, arid we did so
qtr the authority of an honourable individual Ore-
over a high department of the Wellington.
Administration. Whether the place of " residere
fri'sh Secretary would have been suffered to con-
thole by the late Government, we cannot yet 'ile-
ac ; but we have had an extract from the repor
of the Select Committee sent to us, from a respect-
able quarter, and which states that the Committee
(referring to the evidence of Sir Charles Flint and
Mr. Goulburn) "recommend. to Government to
consider whether the continuance of the establish-
ment on its present system be necessary; and whe-
ther it may not be practicable to adopt measures
with regard to it,. which may effect u diminution
.of the public expenditure, without prejudice to
the public service." Now, we are ready to
admit that these words do not, strictly - speak-
ing, amount to it " condemnation". of the office.
rtiey merely contain an interrogatory to the Go-
vernment, " whether it ought riot to be con-
rlerrined ?" AS for Sir Chitties Flint, the head of
he ":resident" office, we have reason to look upon
him, individually, as is useful and deserving public
servant, who bus been for about 40 years discharging
diligently the duties confided to him ; and whom,
certainly, let what will become of his " office," no
man, with the least regard to equity, would think of
turning, in his decline of life, unrecompensed and
unprovided, On the world. An evening paper has,
we find, repeated the impertinence of lecturing the
Times for its advice to the new Government to re-
deem in full, and without flinching, the pledges on
which it came into power. We shall not flatter the
poor creature by even a passing sneer ; but lot the
instigator of its abuse beware. He has, we admit,
some cause to dislike us, as a whipt child must
hate its castigator. He will, however, if he is
petulant, soon find that we can be a very open, and,
we humbly apprehend, rather a formidable enemy.
P-7Yrnes.

TO TIIE EDITOR. Or TILE TIMES.
n,7--The letter of" Radical," in your paper of this morning,
in giving the salaries of the Commissioners of Customs, has not
mentioned an expensive item. These" young lordlings," inde-
pendently of their large salaries, have fine stabling built and
maintained at the public expense in Seethimplene, where the
choicest corn, hay, tic., are provided, and persons appointed
when the gentlemen alight at the Custom-house to take their
horses to these stables, where they are fed and groomed. This
is not In, the Vigilant, revenue cutter, fitted up like a yacht,
fr ,duns the summer months, at their disposal for the purpose
of pleasuring round the coast but to make these gentlemen's
places very easy, there ere si general surveyors, at SOU per
annum tech, who may be said to transact the executive portion
of the Customs, leaving the Commissioners nearly a nominal
duty. This Board of Commissioners costs the country 110,000/.
annum---a sum equal to the support of 600 poor families, lit
5..1,05r week etch family. Is it surprising that some portion
of the igoilisitm is driven into almost insurrection ? There is,
Mr. Editor, no brinich gr the public service where borough-
mongering has natal studs deg) Mot as in the Customs. Many
411 industrious clerk has been eaistiug tin SOb per annum, for
IS or 2:1 years, during which time he has seen gontlenien's hut-
lers, cooks, and others, sent down to situations of 4061. or WV,
per annum, some of 'Whom have been utterly incapable of per-
foaming duties. Hut the public at last have got a Ministry
they bil.ve ,snfidenee In, who will, no doubt, correct these
tryilig abuses,
e. :1. A REFORMER.

In commenting the other day upon the werlike
preparations in the States of the Holy Alliance, and
particularly in Russia, we said, " There is one
hope still for the peace of Europe, aril that is, that
the change in our foreign (whey, which the change
of Administration has produced, may snake the
Allied despots consider success as hopeless, beeaose
their ;ref:mous project can have no co-operation of •
English troops r.;r money." The Berlin correspond-
ence of. a French paper (Messager des Chambres),
which we copied yesterday, ghiesaweight to the in-
ference we drew from the probabilities of the caste.
'net eorreapondence is deserving of particular no-
tice, inasmorth us it throws upon the lute Ministry
d England the responsibility of abetting, if they did
not instigate these warliko 4ernonstrations. The
folloWieg passage is Sufficiently strong, and it will
• bo observed that the writer puts forth the charge
which implicates our lute Government, not as a matter
of Mere gammon report, or rumour, but upon what be
describes as t! good authority." lie says, " a report
Lis in circulation here thatimpertant despatches have
`been received by our (the Prussian) Uoverpment.
it b; thought that they contain the news of a change
• o f Miniatey tit London. If this event should be
confirmed, our inrepamtiotirfor war, and those of
Russia, will experience a notahlo check, for it is no w
known, upon good authority, that Oa werlike dis-
peeltisMa of the Emperor Nicholas originate, in a
great degrea, in the machinations of the Wellington •
Cabinet." . That tha sentiments of the Duke of
Wellington's Administration Repro in unison with the
political principles of the I Soly AAlierw, we have
no doubt. The moral evidence furnished by the
whole tendentry of the course pursued in our foreign
relations, iv .not .etinivocal ; and, if we were
'asked for any direct prof of the fact, we
would refer to the sentiments liatre,duced into
the Kines Speech on the affairs of Belglenr,
which we regard as a solemn declaration of con.
formity with tire posit eel tenets of the Allied despots
by our late Cabinet. We cati alalrelieve—becuuse it
is a Natural inference from the avowed eampathiee of
Our lute Ministry—that if they involved this l';Oui;try
in a war, it weld be on the side of the Holy Ale
hence, against Belgiume,auiptinst France us a come-
ittenee of the other---and against Constitutional
prieeapLaa end the rights of independent pationa, in
favour of the worst system of despotic tnlsruio awl
ever erected the harrier of military power in Europe
against the progress of pokieal and social improve-
meet. 'But though there cart be tea doubt that our
'at eishy would have taken that side, if they engaged
the country in war at all, it is difficult (or us to be.
Hove they were so infatuated us to wish to precipi-
tate such a war, or, in other words, to instigate the
despots dart Continent to take such tacos as would
resider war inevitelde. That the machinetioria of
the 'Russian Cabinet wa re riot, and would not be,,
oppused by the I.7.4nglish GoVerinaeot Ito long us the
Duke of Wellington's Administration happened to
be in. existence at certain, but that the warlike pre,
paratums of the Emperor Nicholas should have had
their origin in the intrigues of rite Cabinet of St.
Jaritees is !scarcely credible. Our boo l!thitisters
were blind soil obstinate enough with regard to,
both foreign and doreeti,tie policy, but to suppose'
they had laid a acheme to iMakie !his country par-
pose& in a war, would argue a degree et wicked-
!
ness unit fituity, which we would not be so unr
j charitable as to impote to them, without evidence as
clear as the accusation is .disgraceful. cannot,
lhaefOle, give credit to mien Q..churge upon the
mere statoment of being founded on e, good au-
thority," without il.:;,owitig what that authority Is—
even although it impeuelead the sanity of no more
splendid Statesman than Lord Abeeth.ten., There is
another statement in the correspondence in
Lion, which it dcpa not require any extraordinary
stretch of faith to 'behave, It relates to the unpoptia
hairy of a French war in Proeaia, Touching this
subject tip writer sap, " war with Fia;nce would
meet with ito ;401/lidly lore except wpm% the
Nobility or the servetita ,of the Government. The
greet mass of the Prussian people openly declare
against tiory kind of hostility ugainat the French
ruttier), arid feral a poplin, interest in the memorable
events of which Frimee bee beets the theatre since;
the 27th of July." The fact is that Prussians
in rintetul, but especially the people of Bahr!, are,
anxima for it Constitutional Charter as their
Sovereign lei to preserve inviolate his despotic form
of Government—and we have no doubt that if lie
goes to war against France, he will
,iireeelerate, not
the reeteration of Charles Capet to a stornestic
throner but the noire)) of reformation in Ills own do-
The,people forget sot the solemn promise
of givilig them a Conatitotion wltich he made before
the overthrow of Bonuperte, and q,ey will not
fail to retitin4 him of it, in language not to be ten;-•
understood or evaded, wlevoever he shall have be.l
cornet involved in the ,diflicattiea ea' e war. Is or is
the territory of the. northern Atitaerat eltry•etheri
free from the presence of a spirit, dangerotia to the
stability of u throw., founded on burbarien preten-
sions—that spirit lies &Nee, at tittles, some fearful
'indications of its existnnee. it ix now latent, but
not extiogoished, And tlien' tie to Poland, con the
Autocrin, iu case of it war, rely on the fidelity of a

people who are hound to him only by the chains of
treacherous conquest and political degradation !t--a
tenure not more secure than that by which All Stria
holds her Italian dependencies, and Prussia the
Rhenish provinces. In such circumstances lwe
agree with the Berlin correspondent, that the wer.
like preparations of Russia and her Allies will; in
all probability, receive a notable check from he
overthrow of the Wellington Administration titml
the accession of another Ministry, whose principles,
if driven into war, pledge them not to support, btu
to resist, the Holy Alliance. Mit, if there be po•
Utica' infatuation, it must fulfil its destiny.-2110n-
ing Herald.

RE-ELECTION OF SIR T. DENMAN, Knight,
HIS MAJESTY'S ATTORNEY-GENERAL,
AS REPRESENTATIVE OP THE TOWN OF NOTTINGHAM.

(From the Nottingham Review.)
On Monday forenoon, .at ten o'clock, Thomas
Allen and Richard Gresham Barber, Gentlemen,
Sheriffs for the town and county of the town of
Nottingham, held a Court in the Exchange Hall,
for the election of a burgess, to serve in Parliament,
►n the room of Sir Thomas Denman, Knight, who
has accepted the office of his Majesty's Attorney.
General.

At a quarter before ten o'clock the doers were
thrown open, and the body of the hall was speedily
crowded; from a thousand to twelve hundred pt.r-
sqns being present. The balcony w.ts filled by,
number of persons, among whom were several ladies.
The writ and the customary Acts of Parliament
having been read, the Sheriffs took the oaths as re-
turning officers, and W. Reader, Esq. their assessor,
called upon the assembled electors to make choice of
a fit and discreet: person, as the burgess to serve in
Parliament.

Lord RANCIAVIIT, said, I have often had to trouble
you on occasions like the present, when the.trust you
have reposed in your representatives has again re-
turned into your hands, and I have done it with a
great mixture of feelings; but on the present occa-
sion, it is with unalloyed sentiments of satisfaction
that I address you, because the person whom I shall
propose has restored the trust into your hands, un-
sullied, and if you again return him, as I doubt not
you will, he will be there placed to do his utmost
for the benefit of the people. Brother burgesses, it
is but a very few weeks since I was addressing a
great body Of you, in this" place, in the language of
complaint, against those misguided [nett, who had
then the Government of the state, because they
heeded not the voice of the nation ; bin a new era
has now burst upon us, those Ministers have been
displaced, and they have been succeeded by others,
who, by their enlightened policy, have shown their
love of liberty, and their love for the country ; who
wished to consolidate their power only on the
wishes of the people, for whose welfare and well-
being they have so long contended. In appealing
on their behalf, I will ask you whether their first
declarations have not been the promise of amend-
ment, the motto with which they have started is,
" Reform, Retrenchment, and Peace." The Learned
Gentleman whom I shall propose has always been
a friend to the sentiments, he has never flinched
from that line of conduct, for which he has been
qualified by abilities so transcendent as to be be-
yond my praise; he has advocated them in
etinpnon with yourselves, and I urn convinced
that he wall never desert them ; he will be
able to advocate diem now more they ever be
did before, being backed by a good . Ministry,
and by a King who loves his subjects. You
have seen the attacks which have already been
[elide op the new Government, you have seen
that cringing aniaial, the ee,-.4ecretary for the
Admiralty, who has for so long a period hem
a supporter of ell administrations, attack the Noble
and Learned Lord in his absence, whom he dare not
facet like a turnspit, snarling at the lion in his cage.
Brother burgessesp f look forward with confidence
to the line of conduct you will adopt.i I am
.certain
you will, with one unanimous voice, return Sir
Thomas Denman us your representative.—(Loud
cheers.)--I um sure you will believe me, for what-
ever my errors have been, I have never uttered to
you a poiitif4 towttth! I will stake my existence,
I will stake my character art a eonsietent Imp, that
he will never act contrary to the principles he has
already professed. I rejoice on every account, be-
geese of his accession to office, and that of his col-
leuguee; iu is ts) he told us that they will not do
their hest to enforce those prineMea they have con-
stantly advocated? What is Earl Grey ? It is
true that lie was in office for one year, but he went
out of it because the then King was opposed to
civil un4 religious liberty I he now returns to office,
because the present iiing is favourable to liberty in
every shape.—(Cheers.)—What is the present Lord
Chancellor ? He has been entirely devoted to the
cause of the people ; no act of his has ever been in
appc4ioon to their interests,—he has never done, as
some Chans:eiloes !,aver changed his sentiments for
place; NO, place has come te; him, because his opi-
nions and those of the people have at length. pre-
vailed. —(Applause.)—Why has my Learned Friend
he;p been made Attorney-General ? Because he
was backed 14 the People, and always acted for
their benefit. He binot aope'inted us an exlificio
Attorney-General, nor a Whig Attorney-Oeneeel,
bitt became he is an honest, steady friend to the
people, a;t hp wlll be an English Attorney-Gene-
ral, to see that the oeoele have their rights. I know
the men of Nottingham too well tint tp be certain
of the result of this meeting; • I am sure as we have
honoured ourselves before, so to use a phrase of
Lord Ceedereattles, we shall never turn our hacks
On ourselves; it Lei; po nominate Sir Thomas Den-
mini as a cani,date, and I: ern Biers; li? trill be the
object of your choice.---(Great applause.)
Todates WAKEFiEI..I), Esq. stepped forward, but
the confusion oil twist& which prevailed, prevented
biro from being beerd; fond cries of " Vote by
44101," " Hear him," " Silence," &c., ceetinued
fur WM& minoteep and till that we could hear was—
Brother burgesses, 1 kel great pleasure in seconding
the nomination, whichi you have relrea4 heard made
by Lerd Ram:We.
Tire Attorney-General, Sir TitoMAs DENSIAN,
said--It _.
then came to 6.1 front of the platform, and iil It
1 is with great satisfaction tiny; ! now appear before
the burgesses of Nottingham, havitig- been galled
by the eeoet important circumstances to a seat in
his majesty's Coeege.. The Constitution has said
that if tiny Min who itti a y'eFre&cntative of the
people, shall accept an office of trust add ernes
furneet under the Crown, he shall cease to be
a repreeeritative, and shall return to the people
to see whether tit,di will again trust him, I have
been placed in a oriel; sitoetien, I have accepted
an outs, which has not hitherto Veen entirety em-
ployed for the benefit of tine people; but the great
vestiont is, in whin: "With) b4l# it been placed ? I
can assure you that artless it iS sliowo4 that i shall
occupy it solely for the good of the people, I will
withars.w from it. All you whom I new athlress,
know the grounds 4n which I have been previously
elected, end I trust that after the experience you
have bad of me in that capacity, you will not find
me abuse those powers in any other, As in the I
cold climate of oppesition we have fought our way
rf: ttibri.e,iol:egoele)ide: n'ovsiyththaalltt ttillice:aj eev4t igolf4y; ell:tilt:1h: cotaifil:eo,,ltvrialesr
ability of which we were capahle,.we Shall persevere
mud*, us what we erg, WA
to do more than we have eves dung . before; I
call
(firilri tyhoeupet4lgi." Itiliseltel'llting"itilltie)okirl: Vy'cisili:ll:y7eembilesrk,
you reeosnmended Me to that Government which is
now formed oo ocTular opinion and I claim your
support for it, until'it all li!4ve :lone something to
forfeit your esteem. To judge or
a 44ndidate, now
that he is out ou his trial, consider who are his
friends, undrwho are his enetnieri, and if iris prin-
ciples are not known before, k: will enable you to
judge what they are, irons that friendship and than
heajety. I sosh no better friend than the Noble
Lord who has proposed me to your notice, and who,
is a sample of the gentry who have recommended
the new government to the country; and if I. look
to the town, to your more immediate neighbours—

and I must tell you with candour, that whatever
temporary diffetences of opinion • may Subsist aITIOP!'
you, ymi must all be aware that ti more estimable,
kind-hearted matt does not exist, than the other ex-
cellent friend, who has recommended me to your
'notice. Being thus supported, both in the town and
the county, by friends of whom I am proud, I sliali
never shrink from declaring my opinions ; I should
forfeit your confidence were I to attempt to gain
your temporary applause by disguising my real sen-
timents.—(Cheers.)--When I last came before you,
no such object. as being called to office ever pre-
sented itself to my mind; I was astonished when
called upon to take office, but having been so called,
I trust to do it for the benefit of the people. The
great maxim of the Government is peace; not only
non-interference abroad, but peace at home, and the
speedy extinction of any power which is likely to
be abused. Among the great reforms in contem-
plation, nn inconsiderable one is the retrenchment
in that office to which I have been called; and
I am happy to think that I shall be the instrument
of extracting that sting, and rendering it harm-
less in the hands of any officer who shall here-
after be disposed to abuse it. Every abuse in
that department shall be radically reformed,
quiry wall be made into the manner in which every
pert of the duty may be executed, in order to
get rid of those principles which militate against
the people. This being the case, I call upon you
to aid me and my coadjutors, in the great work we
have taken in hand ; no one department will be al-
lowed to go on as it has done, the strictest inqui-
ries will be made in every branch of the public ser-
vice; if you are satisfied we have been sincere dur-
ing the long period we have been in opposition, let
us have that support which will make our measures
effective and available. But to return to what we
were ,just now observing, let us see what sort of
enemies the new Administration has; allusion has
already been made to my excellent friend, Henry
Brougham, for that is the name by which he has
distinguished himself, and by which he will he
known to posterity ; he had left the House of Com-
mons, I had a few. minutes before requested the
new writ for Nottingham to be moved, and the
Treasury bench was at that moment as naked as the
opposition benches used to be during the revolu-
tionary war, but which were now crowded with 'the
Ex-Ministers like a swarm of angry hornets; attacki
were made on his cltaracaer, and It was said that
his acceptance of office must tend to lower the dig-
nity of public men—and why, because Mr.
Brougham had said lie should proceed with his mo-
tion fur Reform on a certain day, as no place nor
change of Administration could affect him. His
friends were surprised at this avowal, I thought it
rash, but the question is whether at the moment it
was made he was sincere, For him.to remain in
neutrality and idleness was impossible' the new Go•
vernment did not want in him an irresponsible specs
tutor, but an active participator in their measures,
If the Administration should be short-lived, he
would have to retire on an exceedingly small income,
incurnbered with a title without the means of doing
justice to it ; he would positively be reduced to a
state of poverty from one of affluence, and removed
from the great theatre of action in which he had
gained every important measore that hes beet) sew
cured for the people during the last twenty years.
Could he thus quit the sphere of his exertions, and
not cast one longing, lingering look behind ? Could
lie think of voluntarily retiring with a bauble splen-
dour, from the place where he had been the most
distinguished for genius and for eloquence, that ever
opened his mouth within those walls ? But here
he was overpowered by the importunity of those
around him, and by none more than myself, to give
the aid of his splendid talents to the new Ministry,
and beeaose he lies yielded to these importunities, he
is held up to obloquy and derision forsooth. It was
well observed that the hats Premier (and not only
was he Prime Minister but sole Minister,) had said
he should be mad if he accepted office, yet within a
short period he had done so. There are other in-
stances of InPonsiatenciee of this hind in 1427 Mr,
I4ecretary Peel loOked upon it as a kind of crime in
Mr. Canning to have entertained an opinion in favour
of repealing the Test Acts; yet is 1828, so far from
resigning on that account, he himself used every
effort to carry them through the House, I do not
brume him foe Olio ineonsiatenek though bp was
tardy in adopting the measure, which he only did
after it had been forced upon him by the voice of
the people. I will not revert to the Catholic ques-
tion, when these men from the Universities, the Ul-
tea
'cries gm! bigots) from g parts of the world
forgot their principles, and wheeling round in favour
of concession' turned their backs on themselves, as
Castlereagh has made the phrase fashionable. The
pupils of these men, these secretaries and' hangers-
on, came forward to censure my friend, because he
uttered whet he thee proposed jbut he did pot
know his own importance: On another ground
do I ask your support for the new Administration
against these enemies, because the people have an-
other power to contend against. On a recent
greet occasion „ ilvitilpn on this eivil question, I
saw the small lobby crowded with eltriest every
Member for a county, or Representative of a large
town, which spoke it voice that not even the House
of ommons could resist ; but on that occasion
there were no less than two hundred tied four
Meroberg who were ready to vote away the coun-
try's money without one inqiiiry. On most divi-
sions of that House, 201 would be a decided ma-
jority, yet you will find that number of men re,
turned hy two or three tirops that number of indir
viduals, or at most by ten times that number, de,
ciding questions on which depended the fate of
the world—for the interests of England are those
of the world. What is this power against which
we hove to f!ontend ? It is the
power of the bo-
roughmongering 'Aristocrecy, Wpieh retioced
the country to that degradation, that we saw the
Ministers of the Cabinet almost as numerous as the
people who returned them to Parliament. How
could yogi ehec; to hear of a full, fair, and free re-
present mien of the flatipp, pr Out ;lie voipe of the
't
people should e auetided, whet) the oovernment
of the country, till within the last fortnight, has
been wielded ky moi whj arts O 0 more responsible
than this l How theft are the people
it ° h
toenm
btfteerpe:p_oie
re) ism
enot ede ine confusion, and
future--what is
several the
voices
t
Shouting " yotp by Ballot.") My sentiments on
that question are !to well knowe, Chet AO not enter
now upon the subject ; I say f tun open to ponvic7
tiion and beyond this I will go so far se to say,
tnat even if I em not myself convinced, yet, if the
yeomanry, the artisans, and the oat hotly of
those who shall be entitled to vote, shall come for.
ward and declare in its favour—if the necessity of
tballot is the general opinion of the
peoplelie vote
o4o' E by
ngleod„ I am prepared to support it. I
could naw trusily gap your spplause, if I would
debeetidto prav the hypocrite,' end profess to be an
advoPste metieure ; hoW, could' I do
it ? put I claim credit tor my sincerity? slid for a
feeling in favour of Reform as honest as your own.
I have a strong and earnest desire to see all fairly
represented. Let it not be supposed that I am
against the ballot, because I should be deprived of
any influence whieh I really do not, but which I
might possess.' I should hope mi heed would
drop withered from my bosom, before it could be
exercised to the injury of any iiidividual. Of all
Reforms, the most important is that which shall
prevent interferetice ut elections; the monstrous
idaim„ that every man hes. a tight to do what lie
pleases %rids his own„ ought to be put au end to by
the strong arm of the law,-(Cheers.) The main
who shall thus be guilty of a direct breach of the
privileges of Parliament, should be visited with se-
vere
.art a pleeit:iaelndtespaCat ntdo‘sv'a'prdripsonsliii:mgne, ttliaielail;gaerroloilas,
sit earoti ttuagsclikil ot t to:10
'h (I'titles their se.iitimeitts
public feeliNa and privileges. The
,ouest!iso of the
ballot is the only difPrence between myself and the
great 1710.9. of my constituents, and Ali& government
was L'ormed cutly staple if applying an effectual
remedy to the rnp., iiittlidr#rtilp griesanee and evil
under which the people labour, whatever that rev
iiiedy may be, and in which principle we all concur.

I never desire to hold the office of your, repreopta.
tine a single' moment longer then I'see it is for the
advantage, and by the desire of those who placed -me
in that situation. The question of slavery has been
suggested to tee, it is hardly necessary for me, Who
struggled for the abolition in 1826, to express that
I now wish for its speedy extinction. After som.
further observations on this subjecti which we could
not distinctly hear, he concluded.

The ASSESSOR then :tilted if there was any other
candidste to propose; after a short pause, he cAled
for a show of hands, when the great majority! of
those present held up a hand, and none on the con-
trary. He then declared Sir Thomas Dennym,
Knight, his Majesty's Attorney-General, dttly
elected to serve in Parliament as a burgess for Not-
tingham.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL briefly returned thanks,
and declared himself more obliged than he had thr
power to express. From the confusion arking frOm
persons pressing round to congratulate lt;m, we were
unable to collect what be said in answer to a remark
on his cffice of Attorney-General. We understood
him to allude to the period when Sir Arthur Pigot
and Sir Samuel Hominy were the law officers,of
the Crown, and exercised their power so as it Was
not perceived that they were Ministers of the Cron.
A person in the crowd .inquired what he purposid
to do in the Truck System. Sir T. Denman said
that he was satisfied that it ought to be put down ;
he had been in communication with Mr. Littleton,
but did not exactly know the details of the Bill; he
would give his support to the measure. Several
persons then► asked what he had to say of the Corp
Laws, lie said he was opposed to them, he should
wish them to be reduced by degrees, until that, and
every other branch of trade was as free as nature,
and providence had made them.--(Loud cheers.)
Thus terminated the shortest election in Not-
tingham within the, memory of man, having occu-
pied little More than one hour.
