LINCOLN CITY ELECTION.

FRIDAY—This morning at nine o'clock, the Reverend
Humphr•.y Sitithorpe, attended by a numerous assembly
of clergymen, officers on half-pay, and lawyers, &c. &c.,
proceeded to canvass the electors in behalf of his brother,
the Gallant Coknel. All the old Tory machinery was put
in requisition, after the fashion of the Marquess of Exeter
at Stamford, namely, a set of hired blackguards and
bludgeon men, to the terror and annoyance of the peace-
able inhabitants. The party were escorted by a superior
band of music, and there was a vast splendid display of
pink and white banners, amounting in number to fifteen.
Two flags were most elegantly decorated, bearing the
mottoes, " Silitho:)e, and Independence," and " King
and Constitution," the old Tory device.
We are told that notwithstanding every effort was used
to screw those e'ectors who are at all under the influence
of the Sibthorpe family, the party experienced the most
indifferent success The inhabitants who are enfranchised
by the Reform Bill invariably refused their suffrages.
Mr. Heneage and Mr. Bulwer are supported by the pow-
erful cooperation of the middle class of the electors•—men
on whom reliance can be placed—men who will not flinch
—men who were at their post in a recent time of danger,
and who, when the proper period arrives, will not violate
their solemn pledges.
This day Mr. Heneage and Mr. Loadon, the agent of
Mr. Bulwer, completed their canvass, and their election
is safe.

In the evening, it was very evident from the tone and
temper of the Sibthorpe party, that a violent collision
would take place between them and the Blues. One dense
mass of people was congregated in the main street, and
the Sibthorpe party, by violent gesticulations, and provok-
ing language, used every means to cause a breach of the
public peace. In this state of thing.,
The Rev. H. SIBTHORPE appeared on the balcony, in
front of the Saracen's Head Inn. He congratulated the
electors on the unqualified support which he had received
in behalf of his brother.—(Cheers, hisses, cries of " Now,
hear how a parson will tell a lie," and laughter.) It was
very true, Colonel Sibthorpe had not, by his political
conduct, met the wishes of some of the electors—(Cries
of " Yes, he has served us up a very nice dish of poli-
tics")—but he believed he had acted honestly from con-
viction.—(No, no.) Ile disavowed any coalition with
any party, and in conclusion, amidst great uproar, drew
the attention of the electors to the vote which the Gallant
Colonel gave on the Belgian Loan question, and to the
votes which he had given for the repeal of taxes, and for
the abolition of all places, pension, and sinecures.—
(Cries of " him, burke him, he voted against Re-
form ; put your hat on and go home.")
Mr. HENEAGE returned thank., in an eloquent speech,
and was loudly cheered by the Blues.
Mr. Loa DON followed, and was likewise loudly cheered.
Mr. HITCHINS then presented himself as the agent of
Mr. Heneage, and congratulated the friends of that gen-
tleman on the successful canvass that had just terminated.
—Here a most indescribable scene of confusion arose, oc-
c otioned by some of the violent partisans of Colonel Sib-
thorpe; during which there were cries of " Humphrey
Sibthorpe, why don't you keep your hired blackguards
silent ?"
Mr. SIETIMAPIC entreated them to be silent.

M. liercrusis observed there were some persons
who disliked nothing so much as truth.—[Here the
uproar became tremendous, amidst loud shouts ,of
" Drive 'em ! drive 'em !" The Blues, in a twink-
ling, proceeded in a body to the Reindeer Inn-yard, and
armed themselves with most powerful bludgeons, and
marched out rank and file in front of the inn. The Sib-
thorpe party immediately reinforced themselves with mop-
sticks, staves, and every weapon within their reach, and
!fished into the street in front of the Blues in tremendous
array. The more quiet part of the spectators, including
many respectable females, immediately retired, and the
street presented a scene which we shall not soon forget.
To add to the excitement, the Pinks fixed two quartern
loaves on poles, which were soon pulled down. The bel-
ligerent parties approached each other, waiting wbo should
strike the first blow, amidst shrieks of t' rror, the smash-
ing of several panes of glass, and the transit of sticks and
missiles through the air. The streets presented a forest of
sticks. In this state of things, Mr. Hitchins rushed be-
tween the parties, at the imminent hazard of his life, to
prevent bloodshed, and the Blues at length succeeded in
driving the Pinks out of the street without any further
mischief being done, amidst deafening cheering.] Mr.
Hitchins then concluded his address, and thanked God no
further outrage ensued.

SATURDAY.-At nine o'clock this morning Colonel
Sibthorpe, who arrived at his seat at Canwick on the pre-
vious evening, entered Lincoln in his carriage. Never did
any candidate experience a more cool reception. Shortly
afterwards, he appeared upon the balcony of the Saracen's
Head Inn, and addressed the electors. He rejoiced to ap-
pear bewfoeretheealltroed._
rs of L(Cinheceolrns and Hisses.).—(CLe ers
He w
.) Hisprina:
born and bred in those principles, awl with the blessing of
God, in those principles would he die.—(Cheers and
aughter.) He had not cringed to any Minister : he voted
the Wellington Administration out of office because he
thought they were not acting for the benefit of the people:
he had opposed the present Government upon the same
principle. The Gallant Colonel then adverted to the vote
which he bad given on Mr. Buxton's motion, and declared
himself the advocate for the gradual abolition of slavery,
and for a compensation to the slave-holders. Every vote
which he gave on the Baffin question was fully justified

by his conscience. He should go forth, supported by lon
hied friends; he would stand the result. He would ask
their aid, their support, and he would not for one momen,
doubt of success.—(Cheers and hisses.)

Mr. HITCHINS called the attention of the Gallant
Colonel to a speech which he made at Lincoln on the
29th of Jan. 1530, wherein he stated that lie went as far
in reform as he (Mr. H.) did.--(" No, no," from the
Sibthorpe party.) That he would support any reform
short of univenial suffrage, annual Parliaments, and vote
by ballot.—(Cheering, and cries of " He did.")
Colonel Sibthorpe then proceeded on his canvass, and his
reception was anything but flattering.
