ment of the Inquisition in Spain. Circumstances
have so changed lately, in his opinion, that its
powers were only liable to abuse. When were
they not abused ? In the nature of things they
are such as no human being can exercise without
abuse.- The Consultative Junta still exists,
though it appears, by the private correspondence
from Madrid, that reports were confidently circu-
lated that it would be suppressed immediately.

[MORNING- POST.]
We received last night by Express French
Papers to the 19th inst. and the Eloile of Satur-
day. They apprize us of a fact which, trifling
as it may at first appear, increases in importance
on being more deeply considered, and may lead
to great and beneficial results. The Pope is
stated to have addressed a Note to the new Spa-
nish Ministry, declaring that he could no longer
see with indifference the want of Bishops in the
South American States—that he was pressed
every day to appoint them, but had not yet com-
plied with so just a demand in order to preserve ,
harmony between his Government and that of
his Catholic Majesty ; and that he thought it
his duty to urge his Catholic Majesty to make
effective exertions to bring back those Colonies
under his dominion, or to take other measures
which would enable his Holiness to appoint
Bishops without impairing the good understand-
ing subsisting between the two Courts. Such is
the tenour of the note according to all the papers,
with the exception of the Courier Francais,
which has this important addition—" that his
Holiness' would shortly be under. the necessity,,
for the good of the Faithful, and the interests of
the Catholic Church, to recognize the Bishops
chosen by the Dissident Governments, and to
give them Canonical institution." That a. note
has really been sent from Rome to Madrid on
this subject appears, from the concurrent testi-
mony of all the Journals, to be an undeniable
fact. And when the powerful influence
exercised by the Papal- Court over that of Spain
is taken into consideration, it will not seem very
improbable that the decision of the latter should
be hastened, if not considerably biassed by such
an application. But if it have been really ac-
companied by a threat of giving Canonial lnsti-
don to the Bishops chosen by the Dissident Go-
vernments, which would be tantamount to an
actual recognition of the legitimacy of those Go-
vernments, and to an implied one of the inde-
pendence of South America,no doubt can be enter-
tained that some endeavours will be made,. by Fer-
dinand and his Ministers, to conclude an arrange-
ment with his late Colonies, and to make them
pay a high price for their emancipation. This is
anticipated in most of the letters from Madrid
and it is even asserted that the Duke de Pln-
fantado would be compelled to renew the nego-
ciations commenced by his predecessor, M. Zea,
for the recognition of South American iudepend-
ence.—Advices from Corfo, to the 22d ultimo,
announce that Redschid Paella was still before
Missolonghi ; but that all the passages in his rear
were occupied by the Greeks—so that he was
unable to retire if he had wished it, • and could
not stay where he was without being exposed to
le horrors of certain famine during the ap-
.
roaching winter.

[THE PUBLIC LEDGER.]
The Paris Papers of Friday do not contain,
with the exception of the new French Ambassa-
dor's introductory address to the King of Spain,
any thing worthy of very particular notice. The
address itself is a very interesting document ; and
from its extremely respectful tone, which is car-
ried to an exte. t unusual even upon such occa-
sions, it is clear that much cordiality does not
subsist between the two Courts. It is also quite
evident, in our opinion, that the Ambassador has
a part to perform, of which he was anxious to sof-
ten down the harshness by the extraordinary
courtesy of his language. Through the respect-
ful folds of his address, the latent reproach at the

late proceedings of Ferdinand discloses itself, as
well as the determination on the part of the
French Government to suit its future policy to
the intractable character of its ally. If we re-
move the complimentary part, or the honey that
is mixed up with the hitter draught which has
been prepared for this wayward child of royalty,
we shall find that the address consists in the first
place of a complaint against Ferdinand for
having so far distrusted the friendship of the
French Monarch towards him, as to have
pursued of late a line of policy quite opposed
to the advice of the latter ; and in the
next, of a hint—of which the meaning loses
nothing by the gentle manner in which it is con-
veyed—that much greater deference for the
counsels of the French Cabinet is expected from
him in future. It may be proper to remark here,
that the new Ambassador of France, whose ap-
pointment had been announced some months pre-

viously, did not set out for his determination till
Ferdinand, by throwing himself into the arms of
the Apostolic Junta, expressed the resolution of
acting quite independently of the obligations he
had contracted with the French Government. It

may, therefore, be reasonably inferred, that his
duties, in the first instance, will be confined to
remonstrance ; and the selection of M. de
Moustier for the Mission, corroborates this opi-
nion. Though belonging by birth to the old
Nobless, he does not by any means possess the
prejudices of his caste ; and he has, in fact, shown
himself so very versatile a politician, that he has
acted with every party that obtained the up-
per hand in France for the last thirty years.
He began his diplomatic' career, if we are
not mistaken, under tl►e Consular Govern-
ment, as Secretary of tl►e French Legation at
Dresden. From that period, till the restoration,
he continued to be employed in similar labours ;
and the choice, therefore, of a person who has
shown that he has so little of the leaven of legiti-
macy about him, betrays any thing but a design
on the part of his employers to conciliate the le-
gitimate propensities of his Catholic Majesty.

On Wednesday last a Meeting was held at the
County Hall, in the city of Coventry, for the
purpose of taking into consideration the present
state of West Indian slavery.
