hand, we think they are bound not to take part
against their fellow Christians they are bound
to maintain a strict neutr►►lity between the Turks
and the Greeks, If political considerations pre-
vent them from supporting the latter. M. de
Villele has at length stood forward publicly to
disavow any aid having been given to the Turks
by the French marine. On the other hand he
asserts, and we trust correctly, that great
numbers of Greeks have been saved from
slavery, by finding a refuge on board French
ships. We are certain that such would be
the case with English naval officers if an op-
portunity ,presented itself : and we are pleas•
ed to believe that similar sentiments actuate
our neighbours, the French. M. de Villele
admits that one French Captain took a sum of
money as freight from the Egyptian Pacha;
bat he adds, that this officer was recalled and de-
graded, for having acted in a manner so contrary
to the instructions of his Government. The naval
officers in those Seas, both French and English,
are placed in an unpleasant dilemma by the
unfortunate state of the Greek Government.
Taking it for granted, that that Government
wishes to restrain piracy, it has not the power to
do so. The Pirates commit their excesses'under
the Greek flag, and the- French or English
Officers cannot restrain them without exposing
themselves to the chance of reproach for taking
part against Greece. Allowance should be made
for this circumstance by all who are disposes! to
censure the Naval Officers of either country ;
and, upon a fair view of their conduct, we be-
ieve it will be found that if the balance of lieu.
rality has been inclined either way, it has been
favour of the Greeks.

HONOURS UNSOLICITED.—The Grand Duke
BORIS GLIDENOW, who reigned during the years

1597 and 1605, was very much afflicted with the
gout. At a certain period, when he suffered
very severe pains, he caused it publicly to be
proclaimed at Moscow, that he would reward
with extraordinary favour and great riches the
man, whoever he might be, that would relieve
him from those pains. It seems that no one
voluntarily appeared to earn the favour of the
Grand Duke ; and, indeed, no wonder, for a
Doctor had his whole existence at stake in those
times, in Russia, if his core failed upon some
high or noble patient.; and Gudenow was in the
habit of making the surgeon, as if he considered
the latter as absolute master of nature, responsi.

ble for the result of his art. The wife of a cer-
tain bojaat, or counsellor of the cabinet, who re.
ceived very harsh treatment from her husband,
tookihe advantage of this public edict of the
Gr►nd Duke, to revenge herself in a cunning
manner on her cruel husband. She therefore had
the Duke informed that her husband possessed

an infallible cure for the gout, but that he was
not sufficiently humane to Impart it. The ho•
,jeer was immediately sent for to court, and strict.
ly examined ; he declared by all that was holy
that he was onacquainted with such a remedy,
and had not the slightest knowledge of medicine.
But oaths would not avail him ; Gudenow had
him severely whipped and confined. When,
shortly after, he was again examined, he re-
pealed the same declarations, adding, that
this trick was probably played upon him by
his wife ; the butte had him whipped a second
time, but mere severely, and threatened him with
death, if he did not speedily relieve him from
pain. Seised with terror, the boiaar was now
entirely at a loss what to be at. Ile promised t&
do his best, but requested a few days, in order to
have the necessary drugs gathered. Having with,
great difficulty had his request granted, he sent
to Ozirbak, two days' journey from Moscow, in
order to get thence all sorts of drugs which were
to be bed there. lie sent for a cart load of them,
. .

mixed them all together, and prepared herewith
a bath for the Duke, in the hope of his blind cure
proving successful. Gudenow, after having used
the bath, really found some relief, and the bojaur
hnd his life spared him. Nevertheless, because
he had known such an art, denied his knowledge
of it, and refused his assistance to the Grand
Duke,- the letter had him again thoroughly
whipped, and, after being entirely recovered, he
gave Itim a new dress, two hundred rubles, and
eighteen slaves, by way of a present. In addition
to this, he seriously admonished the Doctor never
to be revenged on his wife►. It is said that the
hojaar, after this occurrence, lived many years in
peace and happiness with his spouse.

A TERRIULE CATASTROPHE took place at Mor-
laas last week. About 400 persons were ashen-
bled in a hall above the Maisie, to draw for the
army, when a moth.paten beam suddenly gave
way, the floor fell with a tremendous crash, and
precipitated the whole of those present, with the
exception of about thirty, who were near the
chimney or in the recesses at the windows. The
The tables and planks were broken, woad
flowed on all sides, and the complaints of the
unfortunate persons who were wounded were
heard amidst a thick cloud of dust. Almost the
whole population hastened to assist them. More
than 150 persons have been hurt ; a young woman
died the day after ; and five or six persons are
still in the greatest danger. Others will pro-
bably be lamed for life.—( French Paper.)

Dutstmc.—On Saturday four of the crew of
the Dundee and Perth Shipping Company's
smack Perth, and members of the Seaman's
Union, were apprehended, and brought before
Provost Brown raid Captain Blair, us Justices of
the Peace, for examination. They had signed
written articles, agreeing to go with the Perth to
London and back to Dundee, for 31.; but, on
'Friday, they refused to go, unless, they received
31- 35., the rate of wages fixed by the Society.
The consequence was, that the Perth was pre-
vented from sailing before Saturday morning,
The four apprehended admitted the breach of
the contract; but stated, that they must abide
by the oath of the Society which they Inid taken.
The Justices informed
them that the oath 'ts as
against the laws of the country, and sentenced
them to thirty days' imprisonment.
