CHOLERA.

On the morning of 12th August there remained patients
312.

New Cases, Recovered. Deaths.
Aug. 12
13
14
15
Remained on the 16th in the morning '213, of whom 120 are

likely to recover.
The St. Petersburgh Gazette contains a report from
Count Paskewitach to the Emperor, dated Lowicz, Aug.
giving an account of the march of the main army up to
that date. Ps Majesty has also received a report on the
entire evacuation of the Govermaent of Lithuania by the
Polish rebels who had penetrated into it. This report
states the defeat and retreat into Prussia of phe corps of
Cltrapowsi, Roland, and Simanowski, and the
escape of PenolAnski's division, which, says the report,
fled with such precipitation that our troops, with all their
efforts, could not overtake it. The object of the rebels to
kindle the flames of rebellion in Lithuania has totally failed,
anti of 20.000 men that the rebels sent into Lithuania,
hardly 4,000 men, among whom are very few regular
troops, have returned to Poland. The greater part are
vagabonds collected by Manjeiwicz Przedecki, anti other
traitors, that like the rebel Rustrizki, marked their way
with Plutldtr and excesses of all kinds, proving to the in-
habitants What was to be expected from such hands.
731 xt.rx, Aug.' 6.—fwo reports from tie Russian
head-qoarters, dated Lowicz 13th and )t 4th Aitgugt, give
very long details of the operatiur.s of the 'Russian army bn
its advance from the yistula towards Warsaw. The:first
'report tOrms that the Russians no where meet with any ,
, resistance from tire peasaWy, that the general arming
of the inbaMtant, nrdere4 tie eitiets of the insur•
gents has not succeeded, that the Pcuntri, ppp;e aEe
weary of the war, the advantr.ge to be gained by whiett
they do not understand, but of which they severely feel
the hardships. Nothing can equal the wretched appear-
ance of the poor people, who have been torn from
their rural labours ; teeny hundreds of them, that were
taken by a detachment of liulans, were overjoyed on being
° ordered 77ie14-,%'arshal to return to their own
homes, and a general. wish pravaila ;' ';in the the Russians
may soon• come to relieve them fromt their itilliierahle
burdens." - After detailing the operations,, the firstireport
says, " suchsis now (Aug. 13,) the state of affairs. On
the DT;'; t;cle the insurgents have concentrated their

force, about 50,000 'mu, between the fiver Rawka
and Blanie, behind them is Warsaw with its fortifications,
its barricades, and 100,000 inhabitards. On the other
side the Russian main army, under Field-Marshal Paske-
witsch, is concentrated about Luwiez, not stronger than
their enemy, but an army of chosen troops, inured to hard-
ships and to war, and eager for the combat. New forces
are advancing in three different sides; on the north Ge-
neral Baron Kreutz, with the troops which have victo-
riously ended the contest in Lithuania, from Bizesc Li-
tewski, Baron Rosen, with the troops assembled there ; and
from the south, General Rudiger, who has probably passed
the Vistula. Thus clouds are collecting round the rebel-
lious capital, which will soon he reduced to itself, the
authors of the insurrection, and the army."
The second report details the passage of the Vistula
by General Rudiger, before whom all are flying
in terror and confusion. He had dispersed the
enemy's troop•, disarmed the Landsturm, and
was advancing rapidly to the Piliza, so that he would
soon join the main army, and act together with it against
Warsaw. The Russian head-quarters were still at
Nadarzyn on the 20th of August.
THE HAGUE, Aua. 30.—His Excellency Monsignor
Capaccini, Internuncio from the Papal See to the King of
the Netherlands, arrived here yesterday from London.
By the Admiral de Ruyter we have accounts from Ba-
tavia of the 4th of May. All was tranquil in Java. M.
Louis, one of the two Belgians who was at rested by order
of the Governor-General, had been embarked on hoard a
ship and enjoined never again to set his foot in Java. This
news necessarily proves the falsehood of the report of the
insurrection of the Belgians in Java, published by Van de
Weyer in the English newspapers.
♦MSTERDAN, AUGUST 30.
Actual Debt, 2% per cent 361/i to 37
Amort Syndic, 454 per cent.
Exchange on London.
Two Months

Our Express from Paris states that the Rus-
sians are only three leagues from Warsaw ; that
the Polish army has retreated from its position
on the Brzura ; and that it is generally believed
that negociations will take place near Warsaw,
at the two head-quarters of the Generals. Letters
from Vienna speak positively of a suspension of
arms between the Russians and the Poles. The
drama, therefore, is now rapidly drawing to a close.
It has been a bloody one; may it experience a for-
tunate termination ! But, we repeat, negotia-
tion or no negotiation, Poland must be free
not nominally, but really and truly so. Quali-
fied independence, which is but slavery in disguise,
will do nothing.

Our City Correspondent says, " A private
letter from Brussels states that it was impossible
to describe the consternation that prevailed there
when the contents of the Protocol No. 34, were
known : the Belgian Ministers were greatly sur-
prised, and several couriera were sent to London
and Paris on the subject."

Our readers will find in another part of The
Sun three fresh Protocols of the Conference of
London, which merely confirm officially, what
was before known, that the Conference had pro-
posed a truce of six weeks between Holland and
Belgium.

The manner in which Mr, SADLER'S motion
for the introduction of Poor Laws into Ireland
was received by the Government has displeased
some of our contemporaries, for want, as it seems
to us, of sufficient consideration on their part, of
the difficulties of the question. No specific plan
has yet been pointed out for carrying into effect
the desired object, nor has much light been thrown
on how the abuses are to be prevented, which
have made the English system so mischievous.
It is hardly fair, therefore, to charge the Go-
vernment with indifference to the welfare of Ire-
land, because it asks for time to consider the
details of a measure, to which it is by no means
opposed, but which is too important to be in-
troduced in the premature haste with which Mr.
SADLER has pressed for its adoption.
Looking to the state of society in Ireland, and
to the almost unanimous opinion of all intelligent
observers of the condition of the Irish poor, we
are satisfied that the time has arrived when it is no
longer safe to withhold a legal provision for the
wants of a famishing people. It is to be feared,
that it is not possible to draw the distinction so
ably shown by Mr. SENIOR to exist between
the cases of the infirm and of the able-bodied
poor; for, although Mr. SENIOR may be right
in the abstract, yet we are called to legislate for
a diseased country, and must therefore apply
to it the remedy which, though injurious to a
healthy country, is best calculated to preserve it
from the peculiar danger that threatens it.
Things are come to that pass that property cannot
be expected to be secure unless subsistence is pro-
vided for a famishing multitude, and how that
is to be done, unless by a rate upon property,
does not appear. Time will, it is to be hoped,
do much to augment the resources of Irish in-
dustry, and so enlarge the fund of subsistence
for the people ; but we cannot, in common hu-
manity, allow the people to perish in the mean
time.

Dr. DOYLE has been accused of holding St.
Sitnonian doctrines; hut, however this may be,
we defy any one to point out any thing that has
ever proceeded from that excellent Prelate, in-
consistent with the genuine spirit of the religion
of which he, is so distinguished an ornament.
Nothing can he more natural than that the op.
pression and injustice with which Ireland has
ever been treated by her conquerors, should stir
the righteous indignation of a Christian Minis-
ter. We have well understood the arts of
slaughter and confiscation, but have we ever
atoned, by the practice of justice and mercy, for
the iniquities of our conquest ? The question
will he hest answered by the broad line of demar-
cation which still divides the Irish nation from
the British settlers. We have never conciliated
the national affections ; we have never been able
to convince the inhabitants that they were go-
verned for their own welfare. Is it then too
mach for the Irish people to ask, to be kept alive
by the present owners of the lands of their fore-
fathers, whose confiscation and bestowal upon
foreigners 'are still remembered with such hitter.
ness? Certainly the tenure of Irish property is
not such as to intitle it to claim an exemption
from the conditions to which property in every
country is justly
The institution of Poor Laws, though highly
necessary, is nevertheless only one of the
many Reforms which Ireland has a right to
look for. There is another Reform of the
most urgent necessity, without which Ire-
hind cr.n. never !:e Ita..;py—we mean, the root
and branch Pof the rish- Protea
tam. Church. We go the full ltngth of Th.
