11

VIE LOWDON, TPURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 'lO. Iwo.

THE PACH (4' EGY
I"( AND i TRIAL OF MADAME LAFFAH6.I._:
THE EA-TEFN QUEION.

THIRD DAY'S PROCEEDINGS.
(Pram the 11a11" '1
'imes of August 31.) ' The Court tat the same hour as the preceding day
The all- thsor bine sehjeet of the presses mown', is M
adame L ff.ege ens, rod, ~eppiated by her phssi-
- the Pacha of Egypt mei the Esstern Question."
Ti"e ' clan. She appeared to Le rsther less weak and melts-
Paella, it is sa;d, is. and sell coutinue to be, inflexiblo. I
1 pissed. Tne imissiers brought in the box containing the
In the case veer is fines cable. \to o tern Ott which the the were to operate. and M,-
But has the Pacha seriously tefiseted on the nature
dame Leff ege was called upon to verily the seals had
and all the chances of the war? We tear not The
not been brok n.
time is past when the Arabs conquered more :than one
Aftet a short discussion, the chemists were allowed to
half of the old world. That one Ina was immersed in the
retire with the stomach, the liquids it had contained at
darkness of ignorance. The Saracens carried science
the time of death, aid four baffles, containitie the mat-
with them. Science is light, and for light to dispel
ter wh:ch had previously been vom led. M. Jules Les-
darkness no miracle is required. pirettz, the physician, was about to follow them, but the
But Mehemet Ali, in lieu of carrying science with
Advocate-General stopped him.
him (except in the persons of a few French and Its- M. Boutin, the Cure of Uzerches, was then called,
assn adventurers), has European science opposed to
end gave testimony as to the harmony which had con-
him. He therefore must fall if he holds out. He
stantly prevailed among the family of the deceased, par-
may mimic Omar, and his Mare-Anthenian followers
titularly between the mother, her son, and her own
may say that he fell with dignity (we shall say with
laughter, Mine. Buffiere.
barbarian obstinacy)rhat, "with his mantle covering up
Mme. Laffarge, the mother of M. Laffarge, was then
his face, even at the base of Pompey's pillar," &c.—
produced as a witness, but, according to the rules of
but fall he must if he resists. Let us, however, enter
the code of criminal instruction, was not sworn. After
into the details of our prediction. stating her age to be sixty three, she deposed that her
Will he take the initiative and march on Constants- sin was married on the 10th or 12th of August, and
noble ? And what then ? The Russisns will be there
arrived at Glandier, with his bride, on the 15th. She
before him. The passage of the Bosphorus will
was received with cartsses, and returned them. She
be defended. An Angle-'Turkish fleet will de- then
retired to her chamber, and remained two hours,
fend the Turkish capital. And he has no
but came down to dinner, and did the honours of the
means of crossing it with any body of troops
teible. At six in the evening she retired again, and a
capable of keeping a footing on the of pre few m'nutes afterwards sent down the letter which has
site shore, until reinforcements should arrive. An
In en given. It threw her sun into a state of de pair.
Egyptian army had a thousand times better be in Eel pt
le ~
er son i eplied, r gut, stieg her to wait a mouth, by
than on the shores of the Bosphorus, or eff the D eds-
wheel time he hepsd by his aff e tionate attentions to
nelles, without the means of passing the strait in force
reconcile her to her situation ; adding. that if she then
sufficient to meet at the first moment an opposing misty ;
wished for a separation, he would consent to it. At
neither can Mehemet Ali take up a defensive position
'he word separation, as her son told the witness, the
on those shores ; for how can be protect the rear of
prisoner esplied, that she affirmed that she would no:
his army, and ensure his supplies? live twenty-filar hours, repeatedly talking of poison:ng
The English will invest and take St. Jean d'Acre as herself. On the Vowing day, however, she appeared
Sure as the fortress Exists. They will command the
to be more trattquil, and even gay, laying down
sea. Why Julius Caesar of old, at Alesia, shut himself
afterwards repeated plans for embellishing the
up, in an island position, between lines of circumval a- place, and forming an English garden and pleasure-
tion and countervallation, and thence beat one enemy
grounds. When he was about to go to Paris to obtain
outside, and starved out another from the city within• his patent she appeared to be much affected, and even
The English will surely take St. Jean d'Acre, and to be id in consequence. Madame Laffarge, the rno-
that is the key of the provinces occupied by the Pacha tier, then related the eircutostences of sending the pot-
ot Egypt. They will surely occupy Beyrout. Etch trait and cakes to Paris. These corresponded with the
et these two places, succoured from the sea, will become
st tment already in possession of our readers, the wit.
a nucleus for collecting a force, and accutnalating sup- ness in the most distinct manor affisming that those
plies, a point for the distribution of arms, and for con-
etude by her and sent to be packed up by the prisoner
eluding Conventions. were several in number and small in size. The pri-
And when Syria, and the Pacha's provinces of Asia
soner had introduced a new species of cake at Glan-
Minor are revolutionised, how will Mehemet Ali find his (her, which she taught the cook to make. The wit-
way hack from the shores of the Bosphorus, followed
ness then related the circumstance of the illness of the
up by a Russian force, having the means of crossing eecsitsed both in Paris, from his own account, anti after-
the strait ? wards at Glandier. She related that Mdlle. Brun,
This position is ridiculous ; Colonel Selves will never
having informed her of certain facts relative to a Tait
advise him to leave his rear exposed, his communicas
de poule, which had alarmed her, one day, when
tions and supplies subject to be cut off, for the purpose her daughter-in-law was about to give her son some
of marching on a point where no result can be obtained
drink, she (the witness) exclaimed, " Charles, that is not
when he arrives there. good for you !" but he had drunk it before she could
Will then Ibrahim indeed remain on the defensive, '
prevent him. Seeing a white sediment on the spoon,
and defend the passes against any Russian force which the witness asked te prisoner what it was. She
may enter Asia Minor ? replied that it was nothing but gum. Upon this the
But St. Jean d'Acre will, nevertheless, be taken, mother insisted that nothing should be given to her son
Bey rout, and the whole of the towns on the Syrian but what. was prescribed by his physician. She after-
coast be occupied, the people of Syria revolutionised. wards looked for the spools, and finding it washed clean,
those of Asia Minor, if necessary, embodied and sup- she entertained the idea of poison. Consequently she
plied with arms ; the ssa will be closed ag tinst reiaforce- t teterniined not to ieave her son, but remained constantly
in nts supplied from Egypt, and the Desert also, or in his room. She then stated that the use of flume!
nearly so. heiiig recommended, her daughter-in-law sent a piece
In this position Ibrahim's army must divide itstlf into from her own room, which, on examination, was found
four or Le divisions, acting separately, on different and to contain a quantity of white powder. Mine. Laffarge,
remote points ;its ammunition must in time be consumed the mother, then related the circumstance of her being
its supplies be always precarious, and in the end, pressed
sent out of her son's room by his wife, and yielded only
on every side, it must surrender to those opposed to it. because her daughter-in-law threatened to appeal to her
The rear of an army must always be free from insult ; husband. The witness then with great emotion gave an
but Ibrahim's army would be assailed on every side— account of the last moments of the deceased, which she
whether he marched to the shores of the Bosphorus, or represented to be most dreadfully agonizing, during
temained in a defensive position in Syria, and the adja- which he three times repelled his wife from the side of
cent provinces ot Asia Minor. his bed. In a few days after his death the witness left
Unless, therefore, the Pacha be mad, he will not Glandier. On being questioned as to the state of her
' hold out. He knows that his case is not pressine fortune, she declared that she bad given up to her son
at the moment. Before the Russians can enter ail she had possessed, in consideration of his allowing
Asia Minor and force the passes, time must her an annuity. Therefore, under the last will of her
elap.e. Before any revolution armed and favoured son, she would have so much of his property as might
by England can become serious to the great fo cc remain after payment of his debts, but on this subject
he has in Syria, some time must also pass. The
she was totally indifferent.
naval force cannot reach him on land—the force to These depositions of Madame Laffarge, the mother,
be employed against him on land is too diminutive to being finished, the prisoner underwent a long cross-
create instant dismay. Therefore, after a little more examination. She admitted that she wrote the letter
vapouring, and a few more demonstrations, we shall see on August 15, before she went down to dinner, and
him in due time recall his troops, and accept of what is that it had so far relieved her mind that she might
I offered him. For as to Asia Minor, or Syria, they must appear calm, though internally she was not so, for she
be cut up in detail, or surrender at discretion if they saw the approach .of night with terror. She denied
remain there, at war with the allies. They will be tieving said to her husband that she would not he alive
starved out, without his men finding any one to fight a. for twenty-four hours longer. She admitted the psopo
pitched battle with. sal of M. Laffarge to remain a month, but could not
Had Ibrahim to defend the passes and take up a de- ' recollect all that passed between them that evening.
fensive position, in the hope of some favourable turn of With
respect to the cakes sent to M. Laffarge at Paris,
I circumstances, his position might notbe so unfavourable as. she acknowledeed that she had desired him to eat
it at present appears. But the contrary is the case, and them at between eleven and twelve o'clock on the
his position will be worse every day he resists. And if he Tuesday with his tea, because that was usually the hour
holds out long he will have to fighl his way, if he can, to at which tea was taken in Paris, and that she would he
Egypt, with an enemy on his flanks and iu his rear. The partaking at the same sort of cakes and tea nt the
only chances that collet be favourable to the P tele' are same hour. She insisted I hat she packed up the cakes,
that England should not wish Constantinople to be w. de and sent her for that purpose by her mothers
occupied by the Russians—that they should he adverse in-law ; they were folded up in psper like oranges,
to the Russians entering Asia Minor—or that the Rus 'fins nits done in the preseoue of Mile. Brno, her own
sians should send a force there which Ibrahim could einunede-chainbre, arel, ns she believed, of Mole. Lai
beat. But the two first are no doubt provided for, and terve the mother. 'nets wrre Hot in a separate box,
the latter is rath. r unlikely. but put into the case with the picture, the interstices
All this has been brought about by sending Ottoman being filled up with clicsouts. Site admitted her re-
Statesmen to France and England, in order to see what Leivihg letters irom M. Laffarge, giving an accaunt of
true liberty is—which led to that master stroke of policy tiis illness, but could not recollect having made in-
(the man who conceived which ought to be canonized at quirks as to how long widows wore mourning. She
his death, or rather be decreed the apotheosis), the grant- did not give M. Laffarge any truffle, but he might
ing of the Constitution of Guaine. Had Mehemet Ali have taken two or three pieces with the point of a fork,
given liberty to the Syrians, he would have had all Asia while she was eating the chicken by his bedside. She
Minor declare for him, and ntight have been at Con- denied having opposed the introduction of a medical
stantinople. Tyrants, however, do not understand man, but, on the central'', affirmed that sbe several
this manoeuvre, and what they can purchase by tee times desired that M. Sigerec, a physician of eminence
concession of liberty, which costs them nothing, and at Brives, sh .uld be called in, with the family pity-
gives them a dominion that is permanent, they choose sician. She denied having shown calmness or indaffer-
to acquire by the sword, which costs them immense enee on the death of her husband, and "referred to M.
sacrifices, and yields them only a temporary domination. Jules Lespinatz to give an account of the state in which
Mehemet Ali bas plainly lost the proper moment for
she
was at that tone.
action—when he heard of the Constitution oh Gulbene 'The chemists appointed to make the analyses were
he should immediately either have accepted of the best then brought into Court, and delivered their report, the
terms he could obtain, or leave played his great game effect of which was that they had employed every known
of marching on Constantinople. After that Constitu- mans to detect the presence of arsenic, but without
tion was granted he never could have a chance ; for t Tett : they could discover no arsenic el matter what-
the weed of slavery cannot even grow, and touch ever in either the liquids or substances submitted for
less can it flourish, beside the noble tree of ge.nuitie analysis.
liberty. Teis conclusion produced the strongest impression
upon the audience, and hall-stifled expressions of satis-
faction were heard. Madame Laffarge was hi a state
of emotion ; tears fell from her eyes, whilst a smile
played on her lips. Her counsel was co:rpelled to re-
quest permission for her to withdraw for an instant.
lit . sitting was resumed at, a quarter past five, when
M. Dubois entered into a long and learned explanation
ot the experiments to which he had resorted. After
this evidence, the Advocate-General said that in conse-
quence of what had occurred, a new investigation was
necessary. He did not demand an adjournment of' the
trial, but it was necessary that the body of M. Laffarge
should be disinterred.
M. Paillet—An adjournment had not been asked
for ; we were sure it would not be ; but if it had been,
we should have protested against it.
The Court, after a short deliberation, decided that
the chemists of Limoges should on the following day
operate upon the substances which had not been exa-
mined by them. The sitting then broke up.
SUNDAY MORNING. NINE O'CLOCK.—At the open-
ing of the Court this day, the Advocate-General applied
to the Court to order the exhumation of the body,
wh'ell is interred at Beyssac, to which M. Patllet
eonsented, oa condit:on that there should be no d day
in tne trial. Tne Court, consequently, ord, red that
the exhumation should take place, and submitted to
experiment.
Witnesses were then called, and the evidence was
going on when the account left.

HOLLAND.

THE HAGUE, SEPT Saturday, the .sth, the
First and S,A;ond Chamber of the States-General hat-
ing met together, the Minister of the Interior, by con--
mission from his Majesty, closed the Session with the
lollowing speech :
" Noble and Mighty Lords,
" Being commissioned by the King to clot? the Ex-
traordinary Session ot the States-General, I am happy
to be able to congratulate you on the termination of
your i:-oportant labours.
Bing assembled, in conformity with the wise enact-
ments of the fundamental law, to judge of the expedi-
ency and advantages of alterations in the fundamental
law which had previously been required by the Legisla-
tor e, after mature consideration, as necessary and dosir-
able, you have performed the task with the dignified
composure and the zeal which the importance of the
subject so imperatively required.
" As changes in the constitution of a state are at all
times very hazardous, and often attended with convul-
sions injurious to the welfare of the people, that coun-
try may certainly be called potentate where such
changes are effected, as here, with coolness and con-
cord. In the well-founded convicion of having contri-
buted to the utmost of your power to the attaism nt
of this result, your High Mightinesses may look back
with pleasure on the work you have accomplished,
which, by God's blessing, we may hope will contribute
to confirm and increase the happiness 3f our dear coun-
try. The country will doubtless respond. with the
King and the Royal Family, at the two-told blessing
which has bet n granted to it.
" After receiving a few days ago the happy news of
the dehveranc • of the Kit,g's beloved daughter, Princess
Aibert of Prussia, the Royal family were surprised yes-
terday by the birth of a Prince, the son ot his M
t% d imrhter-in-law, the wile of the Hereditary Prince
of Orange.
" Al our wishes and prayers arc united for the speedy
recovery of the august mother, and for the life of the
Rural infant, so nearly connected with the future we!-
fare of the Netherlands ; who, we hope, will one day
prove an ornament to the noble race from which lie
descended.
" In the name of the King I declare this extraordi-
nary session of the States-General to be closed."
The members present inen• diatcly separated.
The young Prince was yesterday enters din the ei%il
register by the name of William Nicholas Alexander
Frederick Charles Henry.

CAUSES OF WAR WITH CHINA.

(Front the Morning Herald.)
I We have received from Macao, under date 9th
April, 1840, the following tter from a gentleman who
was for many years the Ciirrespondent of the Morning
Herald. for a long time on the spot, and pos-
sessing great local experience, we conc. ire that our Cor-
respondent has a right ta be heard, though we are op-
posed to his opinions, and shall shortly examine his ar-
guments.
Our China correspondent, of many years standing,
dating his letter Macao, 9th April, 1840, on receiving
our piper of date 4th D c., 1839, says as follows
" Had I had the pleasure of half an hour's conver-
sation with on previous to your article cn China,
of date 4th of December last, I feel very confident
the article wou d not have appeared, or else that
you would have advocated the very reverse of the
ci-urse that you there recommend. You arc evidently
out in pessession of the true state of what took
place, and 1 take some little blame to myself for not
keeping you better informed as to facts ; but, being
liven from our homes, the property of ourselves and
friends evi-ry moment in j, oparity, rind even our lives
art qua filly in tiancr, kiss made each day's work hardly
qu tl to no et the pressing exigencies that have eter-
nal y arisen. I now aeall myself of a tu.l to convoy some
eta :And argument tounded therein), for your in-
tormation. prefacing such ct it t) a dedaration that the
majorit y of her Majesty's subjects in China would no
more ask their Government to use violence in aid of
fraud' than the Morning, Herald would do. It is pre-
cisely because we can show that violence in aid of
fraud' has been used by the Chinese against us, that
we ask our Government to stretch out their hand
for our support. It is unnecessary for me to point
out to you, who are so much more conversant
in these n:atters, the causes that do justify the
horrors of a war. Lord Chatham teas no small autho-
r t y in his day. and he di:clan s that the preservation
of ,atiorli4l koaour is a paramount reason to all others
for a war. Well then, what is national honour? is
it words only ? Is it consistent with national honour

—can the noble Loril Nap:et be starving as 4 prisoner,
and Captain Unarms Elliot akusod, thri.tatened, stared,
and impris:en-d, they both at the time representing the
crown of Britain, and still honour remain AU_ ay wi:11
such empty vaGity I If honour is more than a useless
word, it ha, he oi iu Ibese two cas most eti,SIY
Viatteil.:llld to show the praqical us, of the said honour
towards tie Sovereign, the mone,nt it is 6)!ated
.1 tin sec

the conseqm.nee of ite violation in on attack upon the per-
son and property of the subject of the Sovereign so disile-
nour d T. It follows as certain as cause and eff et. Nuw :or
the detail of the facts I see the Spectator nowspper, of
date 2d November last, tries to nano% the question, and I

would be very fain to follow his example, so as not to
state useless matter ; but I must mention that in thus
question that number of the Spectator
entersnarrowining the
to a long argument to prove that which the
most prejudiced opium sell r in China never once
thought of contradicting—viz , that the Emperor of
China had a right to exclude what articles he pleased
from use within the bounds of his empire—that is not
the question According to the law of nations !et him
protect his own shores, and let hint enforce his prohini-
tory regulations as he best may, and should British
cruisers cone within the line of the waters that he calls
his, let him take, burn, and destroy as he pleases, ai,d
no holder of that property will appeal to the Briti,h
Government for redress.
Towkwang having e,taUlislied, bv an amicable ar-
rang, went of 200 yews, the safety pf person aid pro-
perty in Can,oo, he at onee pounces upon the person of
every foreigner shire. inc.Udiog the Evii,ll, French,
and Dutch repreFuntatives of their different countres

• ,
and he says to tnem, • I imprison you in the tinettnitn,.
and I wilt ultimately put you to death, or starve you,
unt I every chest of opium is delivered up to me ;' au i
this he 4101,4_ any Kest. but upon the Pare sup-
position that some of the parties within his grasp were
comp, cues with the opium situate .1 at Lintin. Mitay of
the persons seized niver &telt in opium in their lives ;
and certainly this is the case so far ,is the British anti
ants.
irse stehnet at
opium,iv
es
go, and their wider-assist-
desired to be surrendered,
seated ? Is it in CAlltoll ? Is it under the guns or any
Chinese battery t Not a bit of it. It is lying on the high
seas, iu water:, which, when the Chinese local autho-
rities are applied to for protection in, they disavow as
being theirs, and only claim right to these waters %vie n
they have some vilearpose, such as the present, which
they wish to earryhreugh. Now hate they at any
time the power of enforcing their rareica! edicts. Who
does this upturn belong to that is given up ? Is 4 en•
tirely the property of those unfortunate men, prisoners
in Canton ? Not so. Much of it belongs to men sale
and tree 83 the wind—British subjects resident. in Lelia,
anti sailing on the high seas ; and certain it is, that how-
ever horrible the consequences might have been, opium
to near the quantity surrendered could not have been
got at except through the medium and guarantee of the
British Superintendent, Captain Eliot, and whose gua-
rantee your home Government have most inexpediently
and dishonourably thrown off.
'• Suppose I was disposed to allow that dealing in
opium was immoral and illegal by the law of England,
both of which propositions I am confidently prep'ared to
refute, still, is it to be tolerated that, for the sake of
enforcing their fiscal regul ttions against the guilty, that
innocent men shall be tortured in mind and body, and,
above all, the Representatives of three great and inde-
pendent countries dishonoured and degraded ? It this
is no just cause for war, I do not know what is. Surely
more injury and more suffering was ii:flicted on British
subjects for unjust cause in this case than had a barren
island or two been wrenched ironi the British fl ,g, or a
few interloping fishing boats interfered with our New-
foundland bank. Still, both these have ere now proved
sufficient sources of armed relations.
" There is another cause of complaint against the
Chinese which I do not see alluded to in any of your
papers at home, unit it is this : when the British mer-
chants were driven from Canton they took temporary
shelter in the friendly settlement of Macao, beloneieg
to toe Portuguese. By all treaties with Portugal they
are hotted to give shelter to peaceable British subjects,
but in this case the persecuting and cruel Chinese Go-
vernment, by means of stopping their provisions, co-
erced the British subjects, their wives, their families,
and their little ones, to quit Macao for the cruel chance
of the stormy sea. This is a case of the use of bru-
tal force, without any reason or justice attet.ding it.
Suppose that physical force to be really on the English
side, are they bound to submit to it.? I say it is a
just and grave cause of war.
" With respect to the repayment to the men who
surrendered their op:um, it is a mere matter of mode ;
and, as applicable to it, and as also bearing upon the
cause given for war, I do not see it discussed in your
papers, that by the laws of China we are 'not allo,vett to
know what is or what is Out their regulations, except so
far as they are interpreted and enforced upon us by the
Hong merchants and the local government of Canton.
Nor do we ever know whether an edict is meant to be
put ii, force or nut until the local autimrtti• s actually in-
tertere. It is ain itter ot notoriety
,that these local au-
thorities did benefit by the admission of opium. This
is not the mere averment of me. an opium Seller, but
we have, the strongest reason to believe that such
an accusation agamst the Chinese authorities is
deliberately made by the British resident bete,
Carain Eliot. in his despatches to the British Govern-
iii ht, as the Globe newspaper, which you are aware is
a demi-authentic source for the production of the deeds
of Lord Melbourne's Ministry, expres-ly avers this.
It would be better that tne Goatranient should
instantly step into the gap and gut-rantee its recovery
—such a course would give mercantile col.fidenti, and
would avoid small wars in numerous quarters, on the
coast of China—as you will observe that Blackstone
lays it down as part of the constittrional law of Eoglatie!,
that a British subject being deprived of his proper. y
' through a toreign state, and verifying the same through
tae Consul of that country, should such claim he
refused by the British Government, the injured
party in such a case is entitled to kmaud letters of
marque and rep, isals agdnst the nation injuring him. I
leave it to you, Sir, to fancy the scene that would be
thus created over 17 degrees of coast, of the fairest and
richest of the word—yet at sea the least
.powerful. All
parties here have nearly arrived at this—that a change
is necessary I—every one has his plan—mine is a for-
flying on it, safe harbour
talice with the British flag
under it, and a free port ; anti thus. I am confident, we
shall soon secure indemnity for the past, and security
for the future. The vain dream of supposing that the
British and Chinese Governments united can stop the
use of opium by 300,000,000 of people addicted to it,
partakes very touch of the imagination of Cervantes—
' iou might as well now propose to Europe to give up
tie pfneng prets!'"

SUMATRA.

DUTCH AGGRESSIONS.

n
bdeaetendsetzte t7otitils
ualts.,aanfadvo
ruecrefitv.oemd
a resident
l ao
tw 'kg!'n
by a junk on Wednesday last :
" Tue Ach nese have collee•ed in great numbers be-
tween Tapoos and Batoos, and have there eight rintings ;
they are also very strongly fortified at Stoke!, and are
determined to dispute every inch of ground with the
Dutch. They tight desperately. A few days ago they
threw up a kind of curtain riming across the river op-
posite our Barons fort, intending, it was expect,d, to
attack. Lieut.. Col. R tops found it necessary to dislodge
them thence, as they had cut off all communications
for supplies of provisions from the. B trios troops, arid
the musket balls reached the fort. He ordered :in at tack
at night, and lolluwed h msclf with a reserve, as he found
h s troops had he. n ra pu sed ; but the Coiotiel teceived
hail through his nod), aid died in a few boors, an
officer universally regretted both at lava and here. 'Fla'
wring was tak-n ar; I.ve.led. o.lr loss is suited at
7 killed and 10 wounded ; th Aeninese 35 killed. Oar
.I,i irary Governor, C,.lonel I;ctiael, has now gone
II the troops he could H. f,•oin hence. II
heitcve, have a force o' 1.400 s!ildiers, three ftiAate,,
and six schooners. B.oody work is expected, as he i.
as daring as the Aebinese, but the resu:t is very doubt-
ful ; if unsuccessful, I fear they will have :ill their work
to do over again in our interior, arid the Aeinne,e
nost c: mantic will avail thems,:ives of any ;
misaup to
the Dutch.
" ad.: is erry dui and nn increace in our annual
quantity of c,,fr'e. The n,,tives, dissati•fitrd, will not
augment their and the Dutch, weakening)
tnemselves by gra-pin, of; et- territory, are mot in a con-
dition to force them. There was some disturbance at
Java, near Simarang, last month, but we hear it is
quelled The feelings of the Jivanese towards the
Dutch are well known not
to _h e favourable ;the same
here."
We have since heon in communication with tlee.
Nacoda of the junk, and learn that B irons and Tapoos,
on the west coast of Sumatra, had been captured by the
Dutch after a desperate strui!gle; and that as he was
passi g the former port ha observed six vessels of war
of that nation at anchor ;lucre, and subsequ-ndy four
of larger size off Siukel, which, it was understood,
the Dutch intended to gt 4 possession of. rot! place,
however, is stated to have been recently put in a state
of good der7nce, in anticipatio, of an attack ; and from
its peculiar localities and the numerous Achim:se who,
are stated to have' been con,,regate there from all
parts of the west coast very great rcs id
tnce .and blond•
shed may be expected. It the Dutch succeed in the
conquest of ilwy will have a completemootOy
of the catap sor anti ocrijatuiti trade, of widen that port
eejoys by uir the most co:isuleti.ble portion.
•• A meet ng of the Chamber of Commerce (after a
lapse, we understand of many months) took place on
Monday last, for they
purpose bringing to the notice
of the authorities at home, and in this country, the ag-
gressions wh'ch the Dutch have made, and are conti-
nuing to make, on the native ports of the island of Su-
matra, but the results have not yet transpired."---
Penang, G tactic.
-awmfiCIMOVI.IOIIIII

LoNDoN.BRIDGE,The Lord Mayor has
issued a notice that the second arch of Loi:doa.bridge,
from tho' C.:ly side, gill on .itd ef er Mood++), the 14:.6
instant, be clo-cd tar a hart pei reparatory to steps
tieing taken to fdeilitate and itoi,rove the awcptiux. of that
Fart of the river.
