MIMOIZANDUM.

Assistant-Surgeon 'Walter liorlase, of the ad Regiment a
Foot, is superseded.
Lieutettatit W. U. Taylor,. of the Bth Regiment of Foot, is
superseded, being absent without leave.
ERRAT A in the Gazetta of the Goth Italy, i 835,
silt Dragoon Guards, For Cornet John Wrixnn to be Lici,.
tenant, without purchase,
.read, Cornet Harry Wrixon- to
Lieutenant, without purchase.
In the Gazette of the 20th tigust, tslos.
9th Light Otagootis, For. lamas Maxwell, Gent. to be Cnr.
net, by purch..lF,,:, vice N.lackeliz!e, promoted, read, James
Maxwell Wailue, Gent. to. be Corurt, by purchase, vice
Mackenzie:, pwinoted.

Commisdont Ps the Gosport and A lverstoke Battalion olVolun-
teer Infantry, sighted 6), the Lord I.,itaitenant td the C'ounty Uf
flame. • Dated 44, 24, 18os. -
James NeAle,, Ehq. to he'C'splairi, vice Hayter, ruignerl.,
Insign Richard White ;Qin Lieutenant, vice Nuale, pr.,. ,
Incited. Benjamin Fox) Gent. to be.Ensiin, vice White,
piomoted.

Commi.c.Tioity in the Ntrrth WoldNeoty my Civalry, ho
the La.,/ Lieutenant of the .County Linola. Dut,d
.71,11,
• 36, 11;05,- •
Ist Troop —The Hon, Chnlei Pelham to be Captain. 1.1111
,Uppleby, Gent. to be Livittenitnt. :rho. Ittrtici.
to be Cornet.
2tt Tronp—Sir Henry Neltbwpo, 13aet. to'be Copr,io.
Ch.Arlei Uppielry, Gent, to be Lieutenant. Rdw.
gm:, Gent. to be Cornet.
Li
CV119.7%,111011k in the DorsoNhire Yeorn.mry CayAlty, rigned .4.01
the LaNi r 4ifc., ei et:'
(;cot to t,e Linitettlint, vico
promoted . 'Dated , Seyiner,
aGeolvtte.
.to Corrtct, piainoted. 1.).4t,..a
u

India Stuck,
134r4; '''3tncl`' ^.: Sgt Inclirt Bonds, is. a 7.5.. vitt
Navy 5 per et• 061 • "
5 per Cent. 1797, Exchequer Dino, is. thy. 2s.
4 per Cent. 75 i 76 prem.
R L Onumun %Olt
{ pct Ct. Rol: i- a v , a, :ft
1 pvr Ct -Curls 57 .11 . ,uwerut,
~..p, , ent. 37*
think I.„ituu 16 15.. Ottik 17 Ditto Aim.
Ditto Short Ann. 1 Coos. tot Oa. ssti*

4"ii. /L. I.
YkS

• MAILS,
Ankttv a» •-.1 Waterford. I)ulr.-2 Hambdrgit, v Gotten-
burgh,. J Lisbon, .1 Dublin, 1 Waterford.

ritICE STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TW1.1,-VE O'CLOCK..
574 I. Iced. Ann.

CC.111.1

THE SUN.

- - ssi

icabyr outs PlCtitli PAGSUbt .UT FAT

LONDON,
TOUTASTIA*Y, AirodisT 1.70, 1805.

Ova Letters from Plymouth and Torbay con.
taint some further interesting particulars respeet-
ing the late demonstration of the French Fleet
iti Brest. The Baijleur, of eEe 'guns, from. the
Channel Flt-et, arrived at Plymouth on Tues-
day, with a few men who were wounded in the
partial action which took place. It appears that the
aPsfir engaged for a short time the French Admi-
ral's Ship in a very gallant style, and shot away her
mizen-top-mast, together with that of a Frigate.
• The Ccesar had three men killed and seven wounded.
The loss of the Enemy was probably much greater.
The Badieur had one man killed. A French Ship,
bearing a Rear Admiral's Flag, was very nearly cut
off by the Ville de Paris, Foudroyant, and Cesar.
The Frenchman, however, unfortunately succeeded
in escaping, and, together with his companions,
ran away, covered with glory !
After the gallant action between the.Phamix and
the Dufrn, the former was pursued by some of the
Enemy's Ships, as she waa towing away her Prize ;
but \vas joined by the Dragon ,who, with great address,
made such signals as most probably induced the Ene-
my's Vessels to suppose that we had a coUsiderable
force in view, and they therefore sheered off. The
Plaett:r has arrived safely with her Prize at Lisbon.
There, is no 'further Intelligence respeCting the
Combined or Sir RODEAT'CALDER.

Is' it be re the intention of the Allied Powers
to tie War personally against RONAPAETS, it:
will act only tend effeCtually to shake him on his
usurped Throne, but will be a fair retaliation. He.
attempted to divide the King of SWEDEN from his
people, and ind, t fitly appealed to the latter : He
even threatened to make a dire& Appeal to the Peo7.
ple'of this Conw,ry, in case Hits MAJEsTy's ,Mi-
nisters thought proper to oppose the wishes of
France. As the leading,Paper of Opposition, When
it referred to an Article in The SUN' respeaing
'this supposed intention on the part of the Allied
Powers, did not express any, disapprobation of the
measure, .we may venture to, info' that men
of all Parties must entertain the sarie opinion
6f the French Usurper, however they may differ in
sentiment respe&ing the general measures of our
Government, and that they think it full time to put
an end to his insolence and injustice by any means
pot inconsistent with national honour. We there-
fore hope to see a strong Manifesto on the part 'of
the Confederring States against a Tyrant who is at
once the scourge of the people whom he holds in
the most abject slavery, and the .Disturber of all
mankind, The People of Prance must themselves
rejoice in being released from the odious and 'waif-
. ferahle Police which this Upstart has established, to
sly nothinz of the severe military conscription to
wl,ticl4 tlvi are subject, merely to support his, pride
anti profri6ic, his ambition. But how will the other
States; whom he holds in thraldom' and :in terror,
delight to C'4C3pf: from his oppressive hands, and to •
Tegain U r lights and independence 1 'This man,
and this man only, is the great obstacle to the peace
tr..l,lcoillity of Europe; and instead of wondering
tl :it o.ller States at last think of making hint per-
sonally answerable for his ,Crimes, by distinguishing
him horn the unhappy people whom he enslaves, it
is,astonisl:ing that such a measure was not adopted
long ago, as it seems 'the most effeCtual way of re-
d‘.loing an individual to his, original insignificance,
whoie public career has been marked hrovery
rietc-ading and offensive.

erlitirt NrAIESTIF,S aria .PRINCESSES do not return
ta) Wit),ltmy tic n) NVeyntooth, as, was exites'..-tcd, in
cf,-1115erltienco of a late rotlancl)cly event.

Cain,,Boys, of His Majesty' Sl►i I
pinted tti the Orpheus, P eg"-'4B, 'g 31)-
• t )porto Trade. tmitn' to bring home LI
The Public. will rccolalettvlat thisi
tl • 'L
spirited Officer OA Out two Ships
since, from 4ndvr the Bauerie li4
3of re.. I"9llths
We stated that Mr. PITT, I,ords Mur-oatlitt and
CAtiTtaxtiaou, and Mr. LoNG; mica down- Bret
far as Woolwich, on.Tucbday, in Sir StuSLY .:
SMITII'S double boat,: when a Ctltnp.letetYpe-
iiment was made of her powers. She is said to,be
iptend&d..for loding troops and artillery, and that
no boat his yet ptten tont.lettaed; capahle at the
',tune' time of such rapidity' of movement, and of
wriy.inz,So many men. Anotherobjea of this ex-
cursion j o WoolWich was, we' understand; to see
an n.‘periment of some newly-invented fire-rockets,
ci-41.:truCteri by Mr. CoNCAM, a son of General
C4.„,-so'icLvs j seVeral' large of which, dis.
eliJr2ing tm immense body of fire, and ralina a
wfxlii:-.eut height and -distance; were from a
brat m Galleons Wadi. It is said that'-this new
vvort it elf ciipable of buck deatruc-
ticm,rthat it is to .be -applied agiinat the Enemy in
44►4Ite way .or othcr without

ki
