EVENING EnirrioN,

LP., ...........------- _
!' 1441 HE MODEL OF THE BATTLE OF ' volution, which the Tories demand office to prevent.
IL WATERLOO is NOW EY HIBITED at the L.:GYP- Is that scheme of policy possible ? Is it consonant
IN HALL, PICCADILLY, by brilliant Artificial Light.
6, stantlp!' 3minated from Four o'clock in the Afternoon, with the laws of nature ? It may be very
God-
, ti throughout the Day in Dark or unfavourable Weather.
\ like, but we have yet to learn that the Tories_ are
t'i)en frora Ten in the _horning until Nine n the Evening,
without intermission. i Divinities, and share the attributes of the
l'-tc"
Admission One Shilling each. nal ONE, who is distinguished from all Creation,
13, Great Marlborough-street. .'
by HE alone never changing.
BURKE'S PEERAGE and BARONET-
AGE. Change is the law of all created things. Beau-
. The NEW and GREATLY IMPROVED EDITION of : tiful and desirable as we now think the pre-
this Work, for 1839. will be ready for delivery in a few days,
and those who desire to have it on the day of publication are : sence of the Sun, to have him flaming stattio-
rectassted to send their orders immediately to their respective ,
:Booksellers. nary perpetually in the Zenith, would be, if even
llcnry Colbarn, Publisher. 13, Great Marlborough-street. consistent with life, Mfinitely less grateful than
1 the succession of day and night, of winter and
l summer. Perpetual, unvarying night would be
perpetual death. The shores of the ocean, the
solid rocks, the crust of the globe, and all that it
bears of vegetable or animal life, all the most mas-
sive works of man, are all subject to decay. To
have a beginning implies an end. Even the stars
and the firmaments are not the One Unchange-
able Lord of all ; and, being created, they will in
time make way for their successors. For the To-
ries to set themselves up, and to set up the con-
temptible, and sometimes mischievous and chance
begotten institutions of society, as an exception to
the universal law of nature, is folly, closely approx-
imating to insanity. We know nothing that has
even a semblance of being stationary but a
stagnant pool, and that is in fact continually
evaporating and continually refilled, or it dries up
and disappears—an apt emblem in all its stages of
offensive decay, of corrupting Conservatism. Run-
ning waters are sweet and wholesome, and po-
licy, not to be pestilential and deadly, must move
like them—the reverse of Conservatism.
The Tories are not, we believe, such fools as to
suppose that society, which is in a perpetual flux,
is exempt from this universal law of nature. They
say, indeed, but how erroneously that the peroga-
tive of the Crown, the privilege:of the press, and
the ancient rights of the Commons are to remain
stationary. When did they ? Are the preroga-
tives of Queen VICTORIA, either in substance or in
form, the same as the last of the TUDORS, or
the last of the STUARTS, each a female like her-
self ? The single change of publishing the debates
of both Houses, has completely altered all the
priveleges of the Lords and the rights of the
Commons, and has made both Houses in fact—
though they still possess the privilege of
not being answerable for their languaee—
responsible for t heir conduct to the public.
It is in fact plain that society is in a state
of rapid change, and that institutions can no more
be stationary, than the chip is at rest which is car-
ried down with the stream, and continually agitated
by its waves.
The true policy of statesmen is to adapt institu-
tions to the changes of society ; and as they are
never intended for the past but the future, it is the
business of legislators to look forward rather than
backward. The Conservatives, however, are to
take office, to make the ill-shapen, ill-adapted, un-
just Reform Act the final law of the land. Though
the Tower Hamlets should have 500,000 people,
and Tamworth should become the solitary residence
of the rich family of the PEELS, they are still to
return each two Members to the House of Com-
mons. Though the Dissenters wax tenfold, and
the Church be split into twenty times as many sects
of Puseyists, Calvinists, Evangelists, and Armi-
nians, as now distract it, and leave men in doubt as
.to what Christianity is, the Conservatives are to
take office, to maintain the union between the
Church and State, and prevent the abolition of
Church-rates. In spite of the overwhelming testimony
which every recent inquiry into the condition of the
people has borne to the inefficiency of the Church'
Establishment, the Conservatives ate- to take office
to extend its mischievous power. Though the
people increase ever so fast, the Conservatives are
to use the power of Government, when they get into
office, to keep the Corn-laws sacred and untouched.
Such a system is opposed to all nature. It is
equally contrary to the laws which regulate the
growth of society and to justice. Could it be acted
on—were the Conservative party to attempt to act
upon it, they would infallibly involve the community
in great misfortunes. We do not deny that they might
at present get a majority of the House of Com-
mons, were Sir ROBERT PEEL to come into office,
and were Parliament to be dissolved, to sanction
this inad Conservative policy. The effect of their
success would be to put the Le.zislature and the
bulk of the coLwounity at enmity, and to force the
latter to destroy the former. All the Anti-Corn-law
men, all the Dissenters, all the Roman Catholics,
JI the Chartists, all the discontented of all classes,
would form one common league to destroy a Legis-
lature which would put an end to ail -hope of re-
dress, except by its destruction.

IS Majesty the EMPEROR of RUSSIA,
}raving AUTHORISED and GUARANTEED
several DISTRIBUTIONS of :MONEY, which though
they are NO LOTTERIES), offer many possibil(ities of
obtaining

LARGE FORTUNES,
HEINE Bib FLIERS at HAMBURGH,
are NOW SELLING SHARES for any of the said DIS-
TRIBUTIONS of MONEY. Persons desirous to purchase
may receive, PREVIOUS to giving any order, the PROS-
PECTUS and PARTICULARS, upon addressing, WITH-
OU f DELAY, a line to
HEINE BROTHERS at HAMBURGH.
P. S. The next Distribution contains portions of
3,5001., 7,0001., and 24,000/.
The distributing day being VERY NEAR, NO TIME 'IS
TO BE LOST for those desirous to become shareholders for
THIS NEXT DISTRIBUTION.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT MANAGEMENT WILL TERMINATE
WITH-THIS SEASON ; _ _

The following Programme is therefor* given of its final ar-
rangements :-
Iho Standard Plays, as brought out at this Theatre, will
each be performed once more, viz. :
CORIOLA.NUS, lON, THE TWO FOSCARI,
WERNER, and VIRGINIUS.
THIS EVENING, MAT 1,
Will logiorformed the New Play, in Five Acts, called
RICHELIEU, OR RE CONSPIRACY,
Written by Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, Bart.
The Characters by
Mr. Elton, Mr. Diddear, Mr. Macready, Mr. Warde, Mr. to-
derson, Mr. Vining. Mr. Roberts, Mr. Phelps, Mr. G. Ben-
nett, Mr. Howe, Miss E. Mr. Tilbury, Mr. Yar-
nold, Mr. W. h. Payne, Mr. C. J. Smith, Mr. Bender.
Mr. Paulo, Mr. Gough, r. Thorne, Mr. Brady, Mr. Bur-
det, Mr. Smith, Mr. Kirke, Mr. Hollingsworth, Mr. %Val.
iron. Mr. Ayliffe, Mr. Andrews, Mr. T. Matthews, Miss
Vandcnhoff, Miss Charles, Mesdames Reed, Corder, Lee,
Valanduke, Mathews, Mew, and Morgan.
After v, hich, the New Dramatic Romance, called

AGNES BERNAUER, THE MAID OF AbGSBURG.
After which, the New Farce, in One Act, called
SAYINGS AND DOINGS. -

To-sacatow, a New Opera, called Henrique, or the Love
Filarial, with Sayings and Doings, and Chaos is Come Again.

THEATRE ROYAL, LYCEUM.
THIS EVENING, MAY 1.
A MILITARY PROMENADE CONCERT
By permission of
HER MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY,
And under the Patronage of
IL IL H. THE DUKE OF CA tIBRIDGE.
The Orchestra, consisting exclusively of Wind Instrumen ts,
will be formed by the unrivalled Band of
HER MAJESTY'S COLDS'i.REAM GUARDS,
In Full Unif rm.
PROGRAMME.
PART I.
Overture—" Jessonda," (t-phor).
Aria—" Vive Tu," Anna Bolena, (Donizetti).
Walta—" Eisenbahn Lust," Rail Road, (Strauss).
Grrad March—M. S. ( Bishop).
Quadrille—" La Reine Victoria." First time. This Quadrille
has been composed in compliment to her Mt.jesty, (Musard).
Solo on the Clarionet, by Mr. Dean.
Overture—" Oberon," by particular desire, (Weber).
PART ii.
Overture—" Zampa," by particular desire, (Herold).
Trio—" This Magic-wove scarf." Mountain Sylph, (Barnett).
Quadrille— Balfe'ti Opera, Falstaff, (Negri).
Waltz.--Iris, (Strauss).
Duetto--" Ah Si Puoi," Mose in Egitto, (Bpssini).
Quadrille—" Les Echos," (Musard).
Overture--Masanicllo, ( Auber).
The doors open at half-past Seven. The Concert to com
menoe at Eight and terminate by Eleven.
Admittance to the Promenade, One Shilling.
Reserved Seats Two Shillings.
Private Boxes, Two Guineas and One Guinea.

. ...
- , .. 24,„..
....4.; ,--.,. 1..., 7 (..,..
. ''
(''',..VU'rleS-6-'-f ' '''''',.l;Y: .'"-• 01
..,....4 -..(A''' :fr:,*,:::itilig% Ir:'''''' ' .'• °t'4

t71,11/11„re

LONDON :
WIII'DNESDAY, MAY 1, 1139.

The Duke of NEWCASTLE has been removed
from the Lora-Lieutenantcy of the County cf
Nottingham. There are none of our readers, we
believe, who will not feel satisfaction at this news.
The above important announcement appeared in
our Morning Edition. The dismissal has taken
place consequence, we understand, of a corres-
sAndons-,e bets e n he LORD CHANCELLOR and
the Noble Duke, which was conducted on his side
in such a manner as to leave the Government no alter-
Native hut to dismiss his Grace. We have no doubt
that the oo:respondenee, when it sees the light,
convince the public of the propriety of the Ministers'
c ndtri, and that if thew are to blame for any
thing, it is for too much forbearance towards those
",bo, being in fact placed under thtm, have never
ceased to treat them with contumely.

We ate liappy to see that the number of petitions
:ur cheep postage was last night again cons'clerable in
t!:e hots of LortlA.

Lord AOUGII AM brouzlit fbrtvard !•is Rintit-n rela-
tve to t!,e Pres:4 at Malta, and iy;th an•used and hi-
st I utit their Lordtl:ips by an inginious speech.

Lord G LENE LG defended the otdinancc concerning

c Pros.

IVer.op of EI:FTr.a &riled flint there could he
any otb.!r Eitablished Church than the Protestant in any

In this day of plausibilities, it is neccsiary to
notice pretences, that at any othc r period might
not improperly be passed over with but little te-

cf our terr:ferie3.

1):Ike of WELLINGTON was against a free Press
71..a1. Tl:e discussion was interest-
ia such a pia,:c as ".14n.1. Lord BROUGHAM, having ebt,line:l his cl,ject of
dra‘xiag attivition to the subject, withdrew his rnotiou.
The Commons ballotted for a Committee to try the
merits cf the Catlow eirction. The rather unusual
power of sending for persons. papers., and records was
granted to the Lceds and Manchester Railway Corn-
,
roittee.
Th,. City of Let:don obtained Lave to introduce its
Pollee Bill.

►nark.

In the- case of the Jamaica IL has been
urged that, even admitting a c;e, to have wise')
which calls for at least as strong a measure, though
the suspension of the assembly be certainly ex-
pedient on general grounds, yet that the in axle-
diate emergency has been caused by the precipi-
tancy of the Government in hurrying the Prison
Bill through Parliament without first submitting
to the Ass:Jr:l)lv the evidence which proved the
necessity of passing such a Bill.
The best vindication of the conduct of the Go-
vernment will be a plain statement of the circum-
stances which made it their duty to urge the imme-
diate passing of the Prison Act, without waiting
for a sixth refusal on the part of the Assembly.
As early as 1835 abuses had been detected in
certain Houses of Correction in Jamaica, which the
Executive Government had no power to correct,
prevent, or punish. As inquiry proceeded, fresh
instances were brought to light. The utmost vigi-
lance and authority were exerted in vain to check
the recurrence of similar cases, or to bring the per-
petrator 2 to punishment. Repeated applications
were made to the Assembly, but to this day nothing
has been done; the subject was, indeed, " under the
consideration" of a Special Committee ; but there it
remained from year to year, without any symptoms
of a result. • In the meantime the question at-
tracted the attention of the anti-slavery party
in England. Mr. STURGE went out to
inquire into the matter in person, and returned with
a note-book full of dreadful stories of injustice and
cruelty. Evidence was taken by a Select Commit-
tee of the House of Commons, in consequence of
which Captain PRINGLE was sent to Jamaica with
a special commission to inspect and report on the
state of the prisons. But before he returned, such
overwhelming evidence was received of the mon-
strous abuses which might be, and had been, per-
petrated in those places with impunity, that the
absolute necessity of immediate interference by
Parliament was admitted by every man of
every party. A law was therefore passed—
the Abolition Act Amendment Bill—without

I..)rd STANLEY, after asking sonle questions, gave
not Ace that he meant Aubriow tlte new gystern of eduua•
Con under the consideration of 'the House.
Lord JOHN RINSEEL, in answer to Lord DUNGAN-
-11 NON, stated that he had been in correspondence with
the authorities relative to the Chartists arming about
.L::4:lrester, which bia taken place for some time [mg.
• sir. BAINE3 brought the case of Mr. Tnoaonoon,
confined in the gaol at Chelmsford for Church-rates,
before the House. The case is already well known to
our readers. Mr. BAINES moved for a copy of the
decree and warrant by which Mr. TIIOIIOGOOD was in
gaol.
v .1 Mr. EASTIIOrEi in seconding the motion, stated
. that he had just received a communication, detailing the
case of. ISItAiL BROWN, who had been arrested at
1 Broadway, Worcestershire, for Easter dues, at the suit
of the Clergyman. The sum was 3d. a-year for three
years, but the expenses were 11. ss. The man and his
family suffered great hardship from this oppression.
1 The motion was agreed to.
1 On the question of the lithographed petitions being
biow,,,ht on, the House was counted out.

Having yesterday said a few words to justify our
continued preference for the Whigs, we shall now
show that a Government on the Tory principles
is either impossible or ruinous. Their new name,
Conservatives, is an index to their policy
They are steadily to hold fast by institutions
as they are. Successive and continued change
kinvolves, at some time or other, the complete
overthrow of those who are at the top, and
they are resolved to resist all change. They see
that the abolition of the Test Acts, Catholic Eman-
cipation, and the Reform Act have only led to in-
creasing demands, and they will consent to go no
further. Out of the former has grown the demand

1 for the abolition of Church-rates, and for the sepa- a dissentient voice, which (among other things)
` ration of Church and State ; out of the latter has
took the inspection and regulations of all places of
t sprung up the Convention, and the demand for confinement, so far as apprentices were affected—
Universal Suffrage. There is no end to changes
and almost all the inmates were apprentices—out of
aril demands for further changes, and, true to their the hands of the Parish Vestries, and transferred it
new name, the Tories now seek office on the prin- to the Governor in Council. The facts, then fresh
1 ciple. of resisting every change. The preroga- in the public mind, were so stror a that not a single
elves of the 'o
i Crown, the privileges of the Peer- voice was raised on behalf of the Constitutional
age, the ancient and undoubted rights of rights of the Assembly. Mr. BURGE did not ha-
; the House of Commons, are to remain stationary, zard a protest. Mr. GLADSTONE charged Mr.
1 we are given to understand by the great organ of ;
.., g
TIIIIGE with having caused a needless delay in
1 Conservatism, and no further 1- infusion of turbulent . taking f the measure
;
. deitweracy into Parliament is to be suffered. An , ve.rnment with a needless violation of The Ja-
ieternity of changes is described as an eternity of re- J maica Constitution ; not because the measure
i• . .. . . .. ._ . .. _
