GREECE.

The following is General Church's account of the late
battle between the Greeks and the Turks, from which it
will be seen what the hopes of the Greek cause are.
THE BATTLE OF THE ACROPOLIS.

TO THE MOST EXCELLENT ADMINISTRATIVE ComAnssiON

OF GREECE.
Camp of the Phalerion, May 6.
EXCELLENT SlRS—With the deepest regret I ac-
quaint you, that a division of this army has this day
been defeated by the Turkish army under the Seras-
kier, in an action which took place under the walls
of the Acropolis of Athens, and that fortune aban-
doned us at the very moment of receiving congratu-
lations upon the prospect of our being able, before
night, to save the brave garrison and the unfortu
nate families shut up in the Acropolis. Few com-
bats, considering the numbers engaged in it, have
been more sanguinary than this ; and our lo
xssc being
en-
above 1,500-men, chiefly killed, as your Eell
cies well know that the wounded are sacrificed in
the barbarous warfare of the Turks, amongst whom
of the
are several of the Generals and Officers
highest distinction. Your Excellencies are aware
of the efforts made by me in collecting this army
for
' the relief of Athens. After repeated successful
actions with the enemy, previous to the
death
of the brave General Karaiskaki, it was deter-
mined (owing to the representations of the critical
situation of the garrison of the Acropolis) to wake
a desperate attempt to relieve it, and baying con-
certed measures with his Excellency Admiral
Lord Cochrane for his co-operation, I determined to
land in the night with a corps of 3,500 men, at the
church called St. George of the Three,
endeavour, by a rapid movement in the io-ht, to
'ce Athens, and liberate the Acropolis- iire
surpri- v,
Towers, and
accordingly embarked from the camp at the ma_
lerum, and landed after a short passage, on the op-
posite side, the troops showing great alacrity. We
marched forward, belt day-light oYertook us just as
the leading column had arrived within musket-shot
of the Philopappus. The troops then took up a
position forming two lines, with reserves for each
line, :10 intrenched themselves in the usual manner
of doing so; an action now commenced
With the
Turkish infantry, posted on a hill near the
Philo-
pappus. The Turks, who had evidently been sur-
prised in the first instance, soon initstered in num-
bers, under the protection of their fortified heights;
by degrees their cavalry arrived, and in a short time
flank of our first line, accompanied ly some Pieces of
. displayed itself in formidable numbers on the left
artillery, which commenced firing on our troops;
in the mean time another, and still more for-
midable column of cavalry (suProsed to be the
cavalry of Omer Pacha, of Negrcpont), appeared
in motion, threatening every pat of Our line:
the troops of our first line behaved with great firm-
ness, and repulsed three attacks of cavalry, killing
many Turks and horses; but the cortest was unequal;
it soon appeared that the enemy Meditated an attack
with all his cavalry, amounting to about 2,000 men;
this tremendous column fell furiously on the right
flank of our line, after it had suffered ff
ered from the
enemy's artillery; and in a few minutes cut the
greater part of it in pieces. On beholding this ca-
tastrophe, the second line, reserves, and the rest of
the army, seiied with panic, fled in all directions, nor
was it possible for human 'effOrts to ptevent it, The

.field of battle was soon covered with the Turkish ca-
valry, pursuing and cutting down the Greek sol-
diers; and or bright prospects of being the libe-
rators of Athens changed into that of being totally
defeated. His Excellency Admiral Lord Cochrane
had just landed, and was paying me a visit in the
intrenchment, where I had fixed my head-quarters;
and he was in the most imminent danger before he
could re-embark. I must inform your Excellency
that, early in the action; being apprehensive of the
attack of the enemy's cavalry, I had ordered General
TzavellaS, commanding the troops in the camp of the
Phalerum, to attack the enemy, or at least to make
a demonstration; but it seems that circumstances-
rendered it impossible for him to carry this order
into effect. I had relied upon this movement, and
had it been executed, it would have drawn off a con-
siderable portion of the enemy's army, and probably
saved us from destruction.

I have great reason to praise the conduct of part
of the troops, many of whom maintained their posts
to the last; and it is with great pain that I inform
you, that the Generals Draco, Lambroveikas, Geo.
Tzavellas, Fotomara, and Notara, as well as Gen.
Kalergi, Chief of the Cretans, have all been killed.
—The regular infantry, and their Commander, Col.
Inglesy, after a noble defence, have nearly all fallen.
Of the gallant little corps of Philhellenes, only four
remain; and of the brave Suliots who went to the
field, almost all died at their posts. I deeply deplore
this heavy misfortune, but it was necessary to
attempt the relief of Athens at any risk, and not to
be mere spectators of its apprehended fall.
Every military disposition was made to entitle us
to success, but all our efforts were of no avail against
the overwhelming force of the Turkish cavalry. I
ani happy, however, to state, that a considerable
number of the fugitives who had fled to the rocks on
the sea-side were saved by the ships of the squadron.
The Generals Macrigannio, N. Zervas, Botzaris,
and many other officers, deserve high praise for their
gallant conduct; and I have great reason to be sa-
tisfied with the assistance of the officers of my per-
sonal staff, Colonels Payne and O'Fallen.

The army has made a desperate effort to save
Athens; and I by no means despair of the fate of
Greece from the loss of a battle, in which so many
of her sons met death with the most heroic courage.
I have only to add, that in spite of our disaster,
I shall maintain the position of the Phalerum, and
hold in check the army of the Seraskier (Kioutaki)
until the concerted operations for attacking the
enemy can be carried into effect. _ _ _

I feel it necessary to impress on the minds of your
Excellencies, the necessity of adopting speedy and
efficient measures for supplying the army with pe-
cuniary and other resources; for I am convinced,
that if we are assisted by very trifling supplies, all
will yet go well. I have the honour to be, your
Excellencies' most obedient humble servant,
R. CHURCH, Commander-in-Chief.

EXTRACTS from the FUNERAL ORATION extempo-
raneously delivered de GENERAL KARAISKAKI
by the MESSOLANGHIOTE SPIRIDION, TRI-

COREPY.

Weep, daughters of Greece, weep for the death
of Karaiskaki, who, at the bead of your brethren,
has removed your garb of mourning, and recalled the
smile of hope to your withered lips. He is no more
—the Conqueror of Arakova, of Vilitzo, of Distomo,
of Salona! He is no more ! He who but last spring
was gathering flowers on Hymethis to adorn your
virgin heads ! Weep, daughters of Greece, for the
death of Karaiskaki, for all Greece is now weeping
for it !
After the dreadful fate of Messolonghi, a dark
cloud of slavery hung over Greece. From the heights
of Macrynoro and the shores of Acarnania to the
sacred boundaries of Athens, it covered our wretched
country like one vast funereal crape. Already the
peloponnesus, shrouded in this new Egyptian dark-
ness, was about to be utterly plunged into the deso-
lation of death and slavery. Karaiskaki revived the
courage of tho Rimeliotes. overwhelmed by the
' From his lips they heard the

is nal

they raise their eyes gloomily fixed on a soil sodded
with the blood of their brethren, their wives and chil-
dren--scattered as they were throughout continental
Greece, Karaiskaki rallied them under his standard of
revenge and glory; and often, during the space of ten
months, did he lead them on to honour and victory.
His example taught his whole army to endure fa-
tigues and privations, which it seemed impossible
for human nature to bear. Though himself ever the
foremost in battle, he attributed to his comrades all
the glories of victory. An enthusiastic admirer of
courage, wheresoever! he found it, be honoured and
rewarded it. When his sabre was unsheathed on the
enemy, he called by name those whom he knew to be
brave. Having entrusted to the generosity of the
frierids of Greece, his family, who had taken refuge
in the little island of Calamos, he gave his last para
to the wants of war. Such was Karaiskaki, citizens,
soldiers, and friends of Greece ! Listen to his last
words. He was borne, mortally wounded, from the
field of battle, to the ship of Lord Cochrane, to re-
ceive the succours of art; but feeling his end ap-
proach, with a serene countenance and a softened
voice, he thus addressed those around him, among
whom were Cochrane, the High Admiral, and
Church, the General-in-Chief of Greece Our
country imposed upon us a noble task; I tried by
the efforts of ten months to discharge my duty.
Nothing remained for me to offer but my life. It is
given. To my country I owed it, and for her do I
4
resign it. lam dying; let my comrles complete
the task, and rescue Athens. They have for Chiefs
two noble Philhellenes." It was in the act of
ut-
tering these words that he died.

HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.

THE LATE GRAND FETE.

Yesterday afternoon a General Meeting of the
Members of this Society was held at the offices of
the Association in Regent-street. There was in the
rooms an extensive exhibition of flowers, and rare
fruits of all descriptions ; and some of the most dis-
tinguished Members of the Society were in attend-
ance.

- ELLIOT, Esq. in the Chair.
The Report stated, that the produce of the
tickets had more than liquidated the expenses
incurred, and it was intended to apply the surplus
towards the erection of a builfling in the Gar-
dens, calculated to serve the purposes of the In-
stitution. The Report further stated, that, con-
trary to the anticipations, and sanguine as they
of the Committee were, the Company amounted
in number to 2873, the whole number of tickets is-
sued being 2943. The Committee, however, while
observing upon the circumstances which gave such
unmixed gratification, were compelled to remark
upon a matter that was exceptionable, and which
gave occasion to some animadversion. It had been
stated that the supply of fruit, pastry, wine, &c. was
not proportioned to the size of the Company, and
that, in consequence, many of the visitors remained
without accommodation in those articles. This
subject was under investigation by the Council, who
had stipulated with the Purveyor on the subject,
and that, no doubt, the deficiency would be satisfac-
torily accounted for.
There were several distinguished persons then
ballotted for, amongst whom were the Duke of
Leeds and Mr. Brougham.
The Meeting then separated.

A Lug LosT.—On Monday the 18th, at
Barrhead, in a squabble among some drunken
people, an unfortunate combatant lost his ear,
Said bitten off by his antagonist. On
thes id a being
losse rbeing
discovered, diligent search was
made for the dissevered member ; but it not
being found on the field of battle, it was con-
cluded that the biter had bolted it, which cer-
tainly is an improvement on Turkish customs.—
The Mussulmen cut off ears, but never eat
them, so far as we know.—Paisley Advertiser.

pointed only provisionalry, termed tTem "Aga-
dolts Ministers." The word is, we rather
believe, of his own coinage ; but it is very clas-
sically formed, and of course, therefore, was re-
ceived by the country gentlemen, with tumultuous
cheers. With all deference, however, to him
and to them, the epithet was far less applicable
to the New Administration, or to any
part of it, than to the New Opposition.
Hostilities, as we have said, commenced
with an air of determined perseverance. The
landed gentlemen took the field under the ap-
parent auspices of the Ex-Ministers ; the ship-
ping gentlemen prepared a powerful fleet of
diversion ; and thus the war seemed to rage by
sea and land at • once. A few throws of dust,
however, quelled the mighty agitation. The
opposition in substance disappeared ; and all of
it that still survives, if not fugacious, is at least
migratory; for it is concentrated in the person
of Sir THOMAS LETHBRIDGE, and is engaged
in the agreeable recreation of a family-tour on
the Continent.

In the House of Lords, meanwhile, it must
be owned that the conflict has proved less tran-
sitory. Alas that such maxims and reason-
ings as virtually destroyed the Corn Bill,
should have found a roost in the " Corinthian
Capital of polished society !" And, alas,
still more, that they should have been
able to shelter themselves under the impe-
rishable name of the greatest of living warriors
and captains ! It is not necessary for us to de-
tail the particulars, or to descant on the merits, of
the Duke of WELLINGTON'S celebrated amend-
ment. It is not necessary for us to expose the utter
futility of that measure for any purpose but that
of a party advantage, or its radical inconsis-
tency with the principle of the Bill of
which it affected only to modify the details ;
still less necessary is it, that we should
expatiate on the hard fate of the Bill itself, in
receiving its death-blow from the disbanded
Members of that very Administration who deli-
berately, and with much profession and prepara-
tion, had ushered it into existence.

The subsequent history, however, of the
ever-memorable, and most unamendable amend-
ment, is not a little curious. No sooner
had it passed, than it dropped. Not one
well-bred Lord" could be found, to take
charge of the successful • clause, and conduct it
to a practical result. When the measure, or ra-
ther its ghost, appeared in the House of Com-
mons, not one voice, not one hand, was raised
in its support. Beheld in the strong light of
that popular assembly, it showed so ill, as uni-
versally, to be either condemned, or deserted.
Ultra-tories, landed gentlemen, mighty corn-

I

growers, flocked round the high-born stranger,
with every disposition to afford it aid and coun-
tenance ; Venit et upilio, tardi venere bubulci,
—but all turned away in disappointment ; and
those who were not silent, contented themselves
with vindicating the character of its Noble Pa-
rent, and celebrating the glories of the battle of
Waterloo.

Let it not be supposed that we are insensible
to the value of that character, or of those glories.
On this subject, it appears to us that the Ultra-
Tory Press has dealt in much folly and injustice.
Only last Sunday, the Journal which is the ac-
knowledged leader of that Press (and which has
been certainly by merit raised to that bad
eminence,) held up to censure the alleged in-
consistency of a popular poet, because, as the
Journalist pretends, he now attacks the Duke of
WELLINGTON in the columns of the Times,
and because he formerly said—

" Oh there is not
" One dishonouring blot
"On the wreath that encircles my Wellington's name! "

What inconsistency there may be in praising
an individual at one time, and in blaming him
afterwards for an act done intermediately, we
must leave it to the professors of what
is called (and, it seems, is justly called)
John Bull logic, to explain. But we are anxi-
ous to observe, that, by us at least, no
stigma has ever been attached to the honour
of the illustrious Commander in question.—
We know not indeed that any portion of
the public Press has been guilty of such an in-
decency. A dishonouring blot, no man has
affected to discover on that immortal wreath.
Rectitude of intention, and straight-forward-
ness of dealing, the general opinion of the
public has cheerfully conceded to the Duke of
WELLINGTON. It is his judgment—his States-
manship—his political consistency—that men
have presumed to call in question ; and
the:charge, we must take leave to say, is not
answered by an appeal to 'the glamouring splen-
dour of his military achievements, or the un-
deniable magnitude of his military services.
On the whole,—so supported by the House
of Commons,—and, we must add, so opposed
by the House of Lords,—it appears to us that
Mr. CANNING and his Cabinet have nothing to
fear. Let the Administration steadily pro-
ceed on public principles ; and they may safely
calculate on the public support and confidence. Re-
flection, and the merit of their measures, will not
fail to conciliate to them all those Members of
the legislative bodies, whose friendship is desir-
able, and who as yet stand aloof. In a word, the
national voice will be exerted in their favour, and
it will be found irresistible ; thus securing to the
eninitry the benefits of a strong, and yet a truly

cirovernment—securing to liberal and
enlightened principles of policy that cautious
and judicious application of them, which will
constitute our best safeguard against all extremes—
securing to the Catholic Question, what it has never
yet fully received, " a fair field and no favour,"—
securing to the KING the free exercise of his un-
doubted prerogative in the nomination of his
official servants,—and securing to the KING'S
favourite Minister the ascendancy due to his
genius, his great abilities, his long experience,
his years of public service, and his unimpeach-
able integrity.

The Paris Papers of Sunday, and the Etoile
dated Monday morning, reached us last night.
We lament to say that the Etoile confirms the
reports which we mentioned yesterday from the
Moniteur, of the fall of the Acropolis. An
English courier, dispatched by Sir FREDERICK
ADAM, who travelled with extraordinary speed,
is said to have brought this intelligence. How
much is it to be lamented that the long pro-
mised interference of the great Powers of Europe
had not been afforded in behalf of unfortunate

Greece before the gallant defenders of the citadel
of Athens were reduced to the necessity of capi-
tulating, and that interesting remnant of their
country's greatness and art became the prey of
the destroying Turk !

Private correspondence from St. Petersburgh
mentions that Count CAPO DISTRIA would
proceed early in this month to Odessa, on his
way to Greece, and that the fleet would sail
about the same time from Cronstadt for the Me-
diterranean. In other respects these papers are
not interesting. They furnish further and most
striking proofs of the injurious effects of the
Censorship on the Press. The Journal des
Debats exhihits a complete blank in those
columns usually devoted to political intelligence
and observations, and, in fact, contains nothing
but a few literary and miscellaneous articles.

The Journal de Paris, the Gazette de Prance,
and the Etoile, are to be united under the name
of the Gazette de France; the decreased circu-
lationof each having led to their union.
Extracts are given in another column.

We received, last night, tiles of American
Papers, to the 9th ult. inclusive. They contain
information from most of the New States, but
nothing of an important character. The National
Advocate publishes a private letter from Rio de
Janeiro, giving a long account of the circum-
stances which led the American Minister, at that
Court, to demand his passports. The causes of
the differences are traced to the shuffling conduct .
of the Brazilian Ministers in regard to the illegal
capture of American vessels, and the corruption,

of the

demnat

clearest
We

rniscelll

A IN/

which •

sa

By thi
Gazette
They
further

issued

R.EGEI

Officer

frivolo'.

cessity

that th

able to

join a

" Lts
notices.
resignati
tation th
possible
Minister
of the 81
Foreign
of Manc
Finance
Bess Roy
de Noro

" A 1

of the ii
certainty
Archive
tart' of

a C v

Regent,
nips by
active sei
of fortre
serupulot
petitions
their side
tions anc
L; sbon

~ Jur

here vest
have rec
11th ins
" The
Among
Lima Be
be the b
Majesty
" Each

In a

amusin,
The st

arid it

into co

Vera

6th of

Coffee-

tracted
" Tli(

vernmen
and 82 s,

" A h

niarde,
office.

" Yes

from Vii
off the Js
" The
pears qui
Spain's
7th of A
" The
50,000 d

"Mr.

to sail oz
NE,
Capt. R
Californi
This veil
purpose

It NS

night t
an effe

that e.

nationE

neutral
blocka,
It is

may 13(
by twi
namely

against
molly ,
North

doubt
Fleet

and it
to Seb

ment c

for opt

Is ti

sian di

Turke
tempt
other

this i:
Greec

that t

will b

pointe

intere

subjei

tional

terran

Russi

releas

the I
been

becau
Turk

up,
rende

imprz
that

confi]
that

patio

objec

I

of the Courts of Law, as exhibited in the con-
demnation of those vessels, contrary to the
clearest evidence and the Law of Nations.
We have collected in another column various
miscellaneous extracts from these Papers.

idle

ries.

ltra-

Lice.

ac-
has
bad

in
the
of

nes,

A Mail from Lisbon reached town last" night,
which was brought to Falmouth by the Magnet.
She sailed from the Tagus on the 24th ult.
By this opportunity we have received Lisbon
Gazettes and Papers to the 23d ult. inclusive.
They contain two official notices announcing
further changes in the Ministry, and a Decree,
issued by her Royal Highness the INFANTA
REGENT, establishing regulations for preventing
Officers obtaining exemptions 'from service " on
frivolous pretences and subterfuges." The ne-
cessity of issuing such regulations strongly chews
that the disposition of the military is not favour-
able to the existing order of things. We sub-
join a few extracts :--

le!"

sing
him

" Ltsaox, JUNE 20.—The Gazette contains two official
notices. The first, dated Bernfica, June 11, accepts the
resignation of the Marquis Monteiro Mor, on his represen-
tation that a sudden attack of his disorder renders it im-
possible for limn to discharge . the duties of the office of
Minister of 'Finance, to which he was nominated by a decree
of the same day, or to take, ad interim, the department of
Foreign Affairs. The second notice states the appointment
of Manoel Antonio de Carvalho to the post of Minister of
Finance; it is dated Beinfica, June 17, signed by the Prin-
cess Royal, and countersigned by the Minister of Marine,
de Noronha.

we
that
ed)

-tIXI-

tour

" A decree of the 15th of June orders, that on account
of the inconvenience that continually occurs from the un-
certainty and irregularity in the management of the Royal
Archives, this department:is to be placed under the Secre-
tary of State for the Interior.

1.--

of

" WAR-OFFICE, JUNF 20.—Her Highness the Infanta
Regent, observing the frivolous pretexts and various subter-
fuges by which some officers get themselves exempted from
active service, orders the Generals of provinces, Governors
of fortresses, and Commanders of corps, to be strict and
scrupulous in the information that must be given respecting
petitions for leave of absence. The medical men are, on
their aide, to be also strict and accurate in their examina-
tions and reports respecting the health of the applicants:—
L;abon Gazette to June 23.

ites-

" Juwit 18.—The Duke of York steam-boat arrived
here yesterday, in five (lays from London, by which we
have received the English Journals of the 10th and the
11th instant.

men
and

riot
den-

" The ship Canoa sailed to-day for Rio de Janeiro.
Among the passengers is Captain Manoel Joaquim de
Lima Berri de Praca, of the general staff, who is said to
be the bearer of despatches from the Government to his
Majesty Don Pedro IV.
" Exchange on London, 50." 0 Portuguez, June 23.

un-

Ouse
)sed
that

In another part of our paper will he found an
amusing letter from the Island of Ascension.
The state of this infant Colony daily improves,
arid it will, we are convinced, ultimately advance
into considerable importance.

afely Vera Cruz Papers have been received to the
6th of May, at the North and South American
Re-
I not
Coffee-house. The following intelligence is ex-
traded from a private letter, dated May 5 :-
3of " The Primrose has on board 450,000 dollars for Go-
esir- vernmerit account, and about 360,000 for the merchants;
and 82 serous of cochineal.
the " A law has been recently passed to remove all old Spa-
and niards, who hold employment under Government, from
office.
) the " Yesterday arrived the Spanish brig .loven Maria,
,truly'from Vigo, taken by the Mexican brig of war the Bravo,
truly'
off the Island of Cuba. The cargo consisted of olive-oil, &c.
and " The disturbances are at an end, and every thing ap-
pears quiet. Sigura, the man with whom the King of
Spain's Commissioner lodged, was shot in Mexico on the
7th of April.
" The Primrose will touch at Tampico, to take in
50,000 dollars for account of Government.
Mr. Ward is expected here on Monday, and the vessel
to sail on Tuesday.
" NEW YORK, JUVE B.—The British ship Blossom,
Capt. Maly, of 16 guns, touched at San Francisco, New
California, early in April, and sailed again on a cruise.
This vessel is sent out by the British Government, for the
purpose of scientific researches in that quarter."

tious
will

es—

lever

, 1 ~......

un-
his

tiG's
his

!nce,
ach-

It will be observed by the Gazette of last
night that the French Government have declared
an effective blockade of the Port of Algiers, and
that every measure authorized by the law of
nations will be adopted and enforced against all
neutral vessels which may attempt to violate the
blockade.

toile
ight.
s the
the
An

tICg

xed,
How

pro-
rope
mate
tadel

capL-
their
ty of

urgh
ould
his
sail
Me-

s are

most
the
des
hose

ence
.hing
icles•

znce,

'ame

ircu-

rican

ntain
• but

zonal
io de

It is probable therefore that the Mediterranean
may before long be the scene of hostile operations
by two of the Maritime Powers of Eulope,
namely, France against Algiers, and Russia
against Turkey—for from the concurring testi-
mony of intelligence from various parts of the
North of Europe, there seems to be not any
doubt of the intention of Russia to dispatch the
Fleet now fitting at Cronstadt to the Archipelago,
and it is even stated that orders have been sent
to Sebastopol, in the Black Sea, for the equip-
ment of a large part of the Russian Fleet there,
for operations also against the Turkish dominions.
Is therefore the long-wished-for object of RUs-
sian diplomacy, namely, th dismemberment of
Turkey, to be now attempted ? And is this at-
tempt to be made with the consent of all the
other great Powers, including this country ? If
this is the case, the immediate deliverance of
Greece may
be effected, but we cannot but think
that the
—ate consequences co this country
will be very
important. We have often before
pointed out the danger to be apprehended to our
interests, and the "pence
to by the necessity of
which we shall be
subject
maintaining addi-
tional Naval and Military
Forces in the Medi-
terranean,if the immense naval
released by -her obtaining means which
Russia possesses in the Black Sea, should
beof
i!le Dardanelles. Hitherto those means have
ill the Mediterranean,
been useless to her
because they were by the proper jealousy of
Turkey and Great Britain hermetically sealed
up, the fortified passage of the Dardanelles
rendering their descent to the Mediterranean
impracticable ; and although it )nay be said
that Treaties will still render it inctunbent
on Russia to keep her fleet within the
confines of the Euxine, still we all know
that in defiance of every treaty or obligation,
nations, like individuals in the pursuit of a high
object of ambition, will often adopt those measures
Which circomonces may point out as faYOUrAble

cum-
; that
;es of

Iduct
llegal

ptiorl

to its attainment .when. physical impossibilities
do not exist. Greeee may, it is true, if raised
into an independent and powerful State, inter-
pose hereafter, many obstacles to the progress pf
a Russian armament from the Black Sea ; but still
as no insurmountable obstacle would exist, the se-
curity of all our possessions and interests in the
Mediterranean would be materially lessened. At all
events, whether this object of Russia is at length
to be gratified or not, we cannot but repeat
the hope we have so often expressed, that in the
event of both Russia and France being engaged
in naval operations in the Mediterranean, we
shall have a squadron of line of battle ships in
that sea sufficient to protect the interests of
this country, or to uphold its honour, if any
circumstances should occur to endanger either.

Extract of a Letter from the American Consul to the
Secretary of State, dated Lima, Jan. 13, 1827 :—By a
recent regulation of this Government, communicated to
me by the Secretary of Foreign Affairs, all vessels entering
into the Port of Callao in future will be required to furnish
the officer of the Port two copies of their manifest, within
twenty-four hours after their arrival, on penalty of being
excluded from discharging.

A letter, dated Havannah, 21st May, states, that Corn-
modore Porter has left Key West, in a small sloop. His

destination is a secret.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, Twelve o'

In the early part of the morning the British Funds ap-
peared not only firm but with the prospect of an advance,
although the business transacted was rather limited. Con-
sols opened at 861, and were afterwards dons at 861, but
have since receded to 861 ; the general opinion is, how-
ever, that they will be higher, and great wagers in the City
have been offered that they will be done at 90 between this
and Christmas day ; the Commissioners were supplied in
Reduced at 86. India Bonds areBs '7; Exchequer Bills,
55 6 pm. The Foreign Funds have not had any particular
transactions effected in them ; Colombian Bonds, 31 i ;
Mexican, 691. The Letters from Vera Cruz mention
that his Majesty's ship Primrose would sail on the 7th
May, and will have on hoard Mr. Ward and Mr. Roca-
fuerte, as passengers ; she is said also to bring 500,000
dollars for Government account, and about 350,000 for the
Merchants, as well as some trifling remittance as a return
from the Mining districts. Brazilian Stock 60; Greek
keep at between 141 and 151.
Nothing new can be reported iu the Mining speculations,
in which almost every one seems desirous to avoid any
dealings except the present holders.
Three per Cent. Consols, shut ; Ditto for Account,
861 a ; India Bonds, 85 7 pm. ; Exchequer Bills, 55 6 pm.

FO/tEICN.-Brazilian, 60 ; Buenos Ayres, 61 2 ;
Chilian, 26 3; Colombian, 1824, 31 4 ; Danish, 624 ;
Greek, 144 154 ; Mexican 5 per Cent., 56 7 ; Ditto
6 per Cent., 6Ei 9 ; Peruvian, 241 5 ; Portuguese, 7516;
Russian, 93 ; Spanish, 101 11.
MINES.-Anglo Mexican, 45 21 dis. ; Brazilian, 2i-
-11 die. ; Colombian, 10 12 per Share ; Real del Monte,
60 40 dis. ; Tlalpuxahua, 60 40 dis. ; United Mexican,
191 181 dis.

Two o' Clock.

Consols have risen rapidly to 81 i, looking up.
Some large sales of Mexican Bonds, said to arise from the
bankers refusing to grant a loan on them, owing to
the opinion expressed in the Common Pleas, of the ille-
gality of granting loans to Foreign Governments, without
the permission of this country, drive them down to 68i
sellers ; they are now 68H.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.

Consols 87i, buyers..
FOUR O'CLOCK—CLOSING PRICES.
Consbls Danish Bonds 62f

Do. for Ac. B'7l I
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayres Do.

Greek Do. 1825, 14i
Mexican Do. 1825 684
Peruvian Do. 25

Chilian Do. 27i
Columbian, 1R24,

Russian Do. 93i
Spanish Do. 10i

Died yesterday, at the residence of his
son-in-law. in Clapham Terrace, EDWARD
PARRY, Esq., one of the Directors of the East
India Company, and brother-in-law to the Right
Honourable Lord BEXLEY.

FUNERAL OF JOHN DORRINGTON, ESQ.
OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.--This forenoon, at one
o'clock the remains of this highly respectable gentleman
were removed from
,his late residence in Queen-square,
Westminster, for interment in the family vault under St.
Margaret's Church. Mr. Dorrington was '76 years of age,
and had been 60 years one of the principal Committee Clerks
of the House of Commons ; he also held the situation of
Clerk of the Fees. The hearse was followed by five mourn-
ing coaches, and a vast train of gentlemen's carriages.
Amongst the mourners we noticed Sir F. Ommaney, Sir
Thomas Tomlinson, Sir Francis Burdett, Captain Om-
manev, J. Pritchard, Esq., Messrs. Williams and Gun-
nell, the two Committee Clerks ; besides many :of the
Members of the House of Commons.

CORONER'S INQUEST.—Last night an ad-
journed Inquest was held in King-street, Golden-square,
on the body of Eliza Gruggen, eight years of age, whose
death was occasioned by eating some stale bread (impreg-
nated with arsenic), which she had picked up in the
street.—The Jury returned the following verdict :_._.
" That the deceased was poisoned with something it
had picked up in the street and eaten, which the
medical gentlemen had analysed, and found to contain
arsenic, but how or by what means it came there, does
not appear to this Jury. This Jury are also of opinion,
that its death was accelerated through the inhuman treat-
ment of its parents, i►► having neglected to call in medical
aid, until such time as death put a period to its sufferings,
before medicine could be prepared for its relief, and we are
also of opinion, that the children have not been properly
fed or attended to."

SQUIRREL HUNT.—About fifty young men
placed themselves under the direction of Mr.
Abijah Wood, of Hubbardton, and Mr. Ira
Benson, of Castleton, Vermont, a short time
since, and commenced a war of extermination
upon these mischievous little quadrupeds, and
other vermin. At the end of two weeks, the
hunt terminated, and it was found that the party
had slaughtered forty-three thousand five hun-
dred and seven ! a greater number than we re-
collect to have ever seen mentioned, as being
destroyed by one party.--New York Advertiser.:
. Two young theologians were arguing very
keenly on the doctrine of philosophical necessity ;
and when the advocate for liberty was pressed
very hard by his opponent, and had nothing
more to say for his own side of the question, he
attempted to put an end to the discussion, by ex-
claiming, " I tell you what—l never can be
brought to admit the doctrine of necessity, for it
does away with all idea of virtue." " I beg
your pardon," replied the other, "it does no
such thing ; for what can be more common than
to make a virtue of necessity ?"
A destructive fire took place at Ashburton on
Saturday morning last, about half-past two
o'clock, in the factory of Mr. Caunter. It burnt
with such rapidity, that the whole of the building,
with the entire stock, was almost immediately
destroyed ; and communicating with the dwel-
ling-house, that was also consumed; and three
others materially injured. A tan-yard belonging
to Mr. Mann, with all the stock, and part of
Mr. Hem's tan-yard, also fell beneath the
•de-
vouring element. By the assistance of three
engines, one of which was brought from
B u ekfastl
eig h, it was got under about eight in
the morning ;
but the value of property destroyed
is considered at least at 12,0001., great part of
we are happy to say, is insured. Whe-
twhheichri: was accident, or the work of incendiaries,
is not as yet ascertained.--,Exeter Alfred.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.--(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF CHANCERY.

This being the seal day, motions were appointed to be
made, but a considerable portion of the morning was oc-
cupied in hearing

EX-PARTE BURGES IN THE MATTER. OF SURGES, A

BANKRUPT.

The matter was allowed to stand for this morning under
an impression that it would not take more than five mi-
nutes ; these turned out, however, to be Chancery ones._
Messrs. Rose and Swanstou were heard on one side ; and
Messrs. Sugden and Montagu on the other. The petition
was presented by the bankrupt for the purpose of having
in order to supersede the commission that had issued against
him, on the ground of his not being a trader. The
creditor contended, that the bankrupt being a brick-
maker, was, under the New Act of Parliament,
a workman of goods or commodities. The point was quite
new and of considerable importance. Mr. Bell's second
Volume upon the Scotch Law under Sequestrations was
the principal authority referred to, with the Act of
Parliament.
The LORD CHANCELLOR promised to consider the point.

• Moguls V. DAVIS.
This part-heard motion fora new trial was resumed.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
THE ARCHITECTURAL DICTIONARY.
BARFIELD V. NICHOLSON AND ALLY.

It will be recollected that an injunction had been granted
to restrain the defendants from printing or publishing
" the Builders' Practical Guide," on the grounds that it
was a piracy from " the Architectural Dictionary ;" and
they were also restrained from publishing any other
work, with the name of Mr. Nicholson, on the same
subject. The, plaintiff, who is a printer, purchased from
Mr. Nicholson his moiety of the copyright of the work for
2501., the other moiety being already in the possession of
the plaintiff. The defendant conceiving that he had been
imposed on by Barfield as to the real value of the publica-
tion, filed a cross bill, praying that the contract for the sale
of the moiety might be set aside on the ground of fraud.
Both bills had been allowed to sleep until very recently,
when, on the motion of the defendants, the plaintiff's bill
was ordered to be dismissed for want of prosecution.

Mr. HEALD and Mr. SuGDE applied to-day to have
the order for dismissal discharged. The Learned Gentle-
man said, that. the real object of the plaintiff's bill was to
procure the injunction, altho', as is usual in sech eases, the
bill prayed for an account of the profits received by the defend-
ants, from the sale of the pirated work. It was also urged,
that as the cross bill filed by Nicholson was to determine the
whole question, namely, the validity of the contract for
sale under which the plaintiff claimed, he was justified in
not prosecuting .his own bill until the other came to a
hearing : he merely wanted an injunction, and that he had
been promised.
Mr. WAKEFIELD opposed the application, and said that
it could not be granted, as the order had been obtained
irregularly. It had been laid down by the Lord Chancel-
lor a few days back, that in such an application of this
nature, the form of motion should be for leave to restore
the bill.

The VICE-CHANcrr.r.ort thought the plaintiff's bill
ought to be restored. With respect to the objection urged
by Mr. Wakefield, that could be easily removed by plaintiff's
amending the notice of motion.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.
THE KING V. JOHAN BERNANDA DE ROTCHA.

The COMMON SERGEANT applied to Mr. Justice BAY-
Lry, while disposing of motions of course this morning,
to admit the defendant to the benefit of the rules of the
King's Bench prison, in which he was confined under the
sentence of this Court for having published a libel on the
Marquis de Palmella. In support of the application the
Learned Counsel urged the dangerous state of the de-
fendant's health.

Mr. Justice BAYLEY said, that he never knew au in-
stance in which a person confined as a criminal was ad-
mitted to the benefit of the rules; but it was customary,
after the expiration of the term of imprisonment, to give
this privilege while confined for the fine. His Lordship,
however, desired the Learned Counsel to mention the mat-
ter to the whole Court.

THE KING V. RAMSDEN AND CLARK.

This was an indictment against the defendants and two
others, for conspiring together to sue out a commission of
bankrupt against the defendants, Ramsden and Clark, who
carried on business as coal merchants, with a view to de-
fraud the creditors of Ramsden. It was tried at Guildhall,
and Ramsden and Clark were found guilty, but the others
were acquitted. The defendants in the course of this.
Term, obtained a rule to show cause why a new trial
should not be granted, on the ground that the assignment
in favour of Smallwood, the assignee for the defendants,
was refused to be admitted as evidence at the trial.
Lord TENTERDEN; in delivering the judgment of the
Court this morning,' said, that as the indictment was for
a conspiracy, it was quite unnecessary to admit the assign-
ment in evidence, and that it would be a great disgrace to
the law if a new trial should be granted, merely because
a point wholly immaterial to the principal question was not
investigated.—The rule was therefore discharged.
The defendants having appeared in Court,
Lord TENTERDEN said the Court was quite ready to
pass sentence now. _ _ _

The CONDION SERGEANT and Mr. PoLLocir. requested
some delay, as the defendants had some affidavits to pre-
sent which were not yet prepared.

Clark complained that 'be had been confined already
seven months, in the Giltspur-street prison for this matter,
on the warrant of Mr. Justice Bayley, although he was en-
tirely innocent.

Lord TENTERDEN said, the Jury were the best judges,
and they found him guilty.
After some further conversation, Lord TENTERnEN or-
dered both defendants to be confined in the King's Bench
Prison in the mean time, and to be brought up for judg-
ment the 10th of next term. ,
OBSERVANCE OF SUNDAY.

SANDEMAN V. BRIDGE.'

This was an action brought by the plaintiff for the reco-
very of 13s. as the hire of a post-chaise, which he was
obliged to hire, in consequence of the defendant, who is the
driver of a stage-coach, and with whom the plaintiff en-
gaged to convey him from Clapton to London, having ne-
glected to call for him.—The plaintiff recovered a verdict.
The defendant obtained a rule Nisi in course of the term,
on the ground that the contract having been entered into
on a Sunday, it could not he fulfilled, without violating
the statute of Charles the 11., enjoining the due observance
of the Lord's Day.
Lord TENTERDEN this morning in delivering judgment
said, that the Court had carefully examined the statutes on
the subject, which contained some ambiguous language.
By the statute of Charles the First, it was enacted,
that "No carriers with any horse or horses, no
waggon men with any waggon or waggons, nor any
carman with any cart or carts, nor any wainman
with any wain or wains, nor any'drovers with any cattle,
should travel upon the Lord's Day, under a penalty of
twenty shillings." The statute of 29 Charles 11. chap. 7,
enacted, • that "no tradesman, artificer, workman, la •
bourer, or other person whatsoever, shall do or exercise any
worldly labour, business .or work, on the Lord's
Day." Nov, after careful deliberation, the Court
thought that it -was not in the contemplation of
the Legislature, when they passed the last mentioned
Act, to include hackney coachmen and stage drivers under
the words, " other persOn whatsoever," but merely those
engaged in manual labour resembling those particularly
before described; and therefore that the defendant might
have fulfilled his contract without violating the statute.—
Judgment for the plaintiff. •

PREROGATIVE COURT.
ItAKIR V. BAKTu..
This was a suit to try the validity of a will propounded
by the brotlier of the testator, 3. Baker, and opposed by
the widow, on the grotto(' that the testator's brother had
procured the will now propounded by fraudulent means,
and that it was invalid. The widow would only take a
legacy of ten guineas under the will, the bulk of the tes-
tator's property being left to his brother. .
its judgment, observed, that
a person C;u'
propounding n pronouncing
ndingawil,w as always bound to adduce
satisfactory proofs of its validity. In the first case the
Court was not satisfied of the validity of the instrument
propounded, and therefore decled against the will, declar-
ing the deceased to have, died intestate, and decreeing ad-
ministration to his widow. The'Coort, however, ordzred
that the costs' of the suit should be paid out of ele property
of the deceased.
