POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

LAMBETH-STREET.
A young man who gave the name of Wm. Burke, was charged
with stealing a watch and appendages, the property of Mr.
Mills. The prisoner, who declined saying anything in his de-
fence, was fully committed for trial.

UNION-HALL.
Yesterday Jane Smith, a young female of prepossessing ap-
pearance, was brought before Mr. Jeremy, charged with break-
ing into the house of Mr. John Berkshire, a respectable trades-
man of George-street, Blackfriars-road, and stealing three
silver watches, thirty-three silver spoons, milk-jug, pepper
casters, and various other articles of plate, besides fourteen
gold rings, and several other aarticles of jewellery, and Mary
Gunn, an elderly woman, was also placed at the bar, charged
with receiving a portion of the property, knowing it to have
been stolen. After evidence had been heard, both the pri-
soners were fully committed.

The chateau of St. Leu, in which the Prince of
Conde was found hanged, and which belongs to the Baroness
de Feuchercs (Mrs. Dawes,) is to be sold by auction on the
6th of May.—National.
At the Thames Police-office on Thursday, after
the committal of Mary Anne Tobin and Eliza M'Donald, two
well known smashers, or utterers of spurious coin, an appli-
cation was made to the sitting magistrate, Mr. Ballantine, by
Lieutenant Lane, R.N., the Government emigration agent
for the port of London, on behalf of some emigrants, against
Mr. Michael Kelly, captain of the Thomas Carty, of Water-
ford, lying in the London Docks, for the sum of Is. per day
for each person, beyond the time the vessel was stipulated to
sail, at the time of contracting and paying for the passage to
New York. The claim was made under a recent Act of. Par-
liament. The defence made was the unavoidable delay in
getting in water, &c. ; but the Act being imperative, the ma-
gistrate expressed himself as entertaining no doubt on the case,
and would have convicted, but for a pro forma objection that
a written information should have been laid, as in other
cases where penalties are sought to be recovered. Lieutenant
Lane, however, expressed his intention of bringing the matter
before the bench in the proper way, unless in the interim some
compensation or settlement were come to.
Yesterday a race was to take place at the Bois de
Boulogne, between M. Lupin's Memnon, and M. Lanterre's
Esmeralda. Esmeralda was ridden by Olivier, the first of our
jockeys. At the moment Esmeralda had reached her utmost
speed a man on horseback entered the alley, turned on the
side of the jockeys, and went and struck against Olivier, be-
fore either had time to avoid the shock. Both horses fell dead
on the spot ; the lam was also killed. As for Olivier, his
skull was opened above the eyebrow. Dr. Fitzpatrick, who
happened to be present, bled him immediately, and no appre-
hension is entertained for his life.—Paris Paper of Wed-
nesday.
A most awful instance of sudden death occurred at
Sudbury on the 12th instant. E. Allen, Esq., of Ballingdon
Grove, merchant, was spending the evening at the Swan Inn,
when be suddenly exclaimed " How unwell I feel !" and
dropped back in his chair. Surgical assistance was imme.
diately procured, but the vital spark was fled.

IRELAND.

(FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT.)
DUBLIN, APRIL 19.

Mr. O'CONNELL—PUBLIC NIRETING.—ThiS day an ad-
journed meeting of Mr. O'Connell's constituents assembled at
the Corn-exchange to receive the report of the Committee,
appointed to consider the propriety of establishing a Central
Board of Registration; no meeting having taken place yes-
terday, on account of it being the first day of term, and Mr.
O'Connell being anxious to attend the opening of the Courts.
At two o'clock the chair was taken by Richard Barnett, Esq.
The Committee then brought up the following Report :
That the Central Board of Registration for Ireland is in-
stituted for the following purposes exclusively :-
Ist. To attend to and promote by all legal arid constitu-
tional means the extension of the suffrage and the due regis-
tration of persons belonging to the Liberal interest in the va-
rious localities in Ireland.

2d. To prevent the registration of false and fictitious votes
in the interest of the enemies of Ireland.

3d. To establish in each county, city, and borough in Ire-
land, a local club or society to carry into effect the purposes of
this Board.

4th. To extinguish by all means in their po-,s,!r all local
jealousies and the clashing of the views of persons who may
differ as to the best mode of increasing the Liberal strength
in the various constituencies.

6th. To collect subscriptions to enable this Board to carry
into effect the general superintendence of the registry in Ire-
land in the manner above specified.
The Central Board of Registration will be constituted as

6th. That this Board shall consist of all such persons as
shall subscribe annually any sum not less than 11., and shall be
proposed by one member and seconded by another.
7th. That the business of the Board be conducted by a
standing Committee of 21 persons, to be elected in a manner
hereafter provided for, and to report to the Board the amount
of subscriptions paid in, and the general proceedings of the
Committee.
Bth. That the General Board do meet at least once a month
to receive such report, and to direct the general tusiness of
the registration.

9th: That there be a President of the Committee, to be
elected annually, with power to name a deputy to preside in
his inevitable absence only.
10th. That Mr. T. M. Ray be appointed Secretary to the
Board and Committee.

11th. That two Inspectors be appointed annually to report
to the Committee all matters of importance to the purposes o
the Board, and to carry into practical effect the instructions ol
the Committee.

12th. That Laurence Finn, Esq., be requested to act as
Treasurer, and be authorised to pay all orders igned by three
members of the Committee.

13th. That accurate accounts of all receipts and disburse-
ments be laid before the Committee at each meeting.
14th. That the gentlemen named in the former Committee
on the 16th instant be appointed as a Provisional Committee,
to direct the business of the Board until the Acting Commit-
tee shall be elected ;and that they report to the next meeting
of the Board the most eligible mode of electing such Acting
Committees.

The subjoined sums were then handed in by Mr. O'Connell
upon the part of himself and family :
Daniel O'Connell, M.P. £lo 0 0
Maurice O'Connell, M.P.
Morgan O'Connell, M. P. 5 0 0
John O'Connell, M.P.
Daniel O'Connell, jun 1 0 0
Charles O'Connell (B.ibass) 1 0 0
Mrs. O'Connell 1 0 0
Daniel O'Connell (Charles) 1 0 0
Mary O'Connell 1 0 0
Teresa O'Connell 1 0 0
Kate O'Connell 1 0 0
Christopher Fitzsimon
Mrs. Fitzsimon
Daniel O'Connell Fitzsimon
Christopher O'Connell Fitzsimon 1 0 0
Thomas O'Connell Fitzsimon
Henry O'Connell Fitzsimon 1 0 0
Mary O'Connell Fitzsimon
Ellen O'Connell Fitzsimon
Nicholas J. Ffrench
Mrs. French
Daniel O'Connell Ffrench 1 0 0
Harriet O'Connell Ffrench
Mary O'Connell Ffrench ...... 1 0 0
Christopher O'Connell Ffrench 1 0 0
Mrs. O'Connell (Darrynane
Abbey)
Daniel O'Connell ( Maurice)
Fanny O'Connell
Mary O'Connell

1 0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0
1 0 0

£5O 0 0

Mr. O'CONNELL addressed the meeting at considerable
length. He was rejoiced at the formation of a body that
would take the direction and guidance of the Liberal registra-
tion, and watch the Tories, who were eternally active to add
to their strength. The Tory party has the incentive of a love
of plunder to urge them to activity ; but the people, who only
sought justice, could not be induced to be so continuously
active without the aid and co-operation of a Society in which
they could place confidence. Now, however, they had ob-
tained that desideratum, and he had the most sanguine hopes
of good arising from it. He proceeded to comment upon the
fear betrayed in the Mail and other Tory journals of the Queen
coming to Ireland. It was plain they dreaded that she should
come in contact with a loyal and warm-hearted people, lest
she should learn to love them too much. If she would come
(and he had reason to hope that before the close of the sum-
mer we would be cheered by the presence of our lovely Sove-
reign), she would know what it was to be beloved by a whole
nation. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman concluded by
moving the adoption of the Report.
The motion was seconded by Mr. APKENNER, and passed
unanimously.

Mr. DIXON, Q. C., then moved that Mr. O'Connell should
elected President of the Committee of the Central Board.
He did not think it necessary to preface his motion by one
word of remark.

Mr. CADWALADER WADDY seconded the resolution, which
was carried by acclamation.
Mr. O'CONNELL expressed his willingness to accept the
office, for which be thanked them, and moved that in his ab-
sence Mr. Peter Purcell should act as Vice-President. The
appointment was fisted unanimously.
Mr. PURCELL returned thanks.

Several gentlemen handed in their subscriptions, and be-
came members.

Mr. O'Connell will attend a great anti-slavery meeting at
the Rotunda on Saturday.
TITHE AFFIIAT.—A serious riot ensuing out of an attempt
to serve tithe processes, took place at the farm of Timolin, on
Monday. Early upon that day, Captain Mosse, accompanied
by two bailiffs, entered the farm and took into custody, a man
named Darby Neil, for an arrear of tithes. There was no at-
tempt at rescue upon the part of the people, but Neil's ser-
vant unfortunately struck one of the bailiffs with a stick, upon
which, the latter fired a pistol at his assailant. The ball
missed its object, but unfortunately wounded a man who had
taken no part in the affair. A confused rumour that a man
had been shot by tithe bailiff,l and another arrested instantly,
got abroad, and created a terrible sensation among the people.
The bailiff who shot the man, had run off, but the crowd met
the other bailiff and Captain Mosse,,leading off the prisoner.
A stone was thrown, probably at Captain Mosse, which struck
Neil upon the face, and cut him severely. A riot ensued, in
which Captain Mosse was so severely injured, that he was car-
ried from the ground lifeless. Whether lie has been yet de-
clared out of danger, I have not learned. The first thing
that will strike every one in this affair, is the imprudence of
Captain Mosse in choosing a crowded market, to make a pri_
sonar on so obnoxious a claim, as the tithe impost. Nobody
can avoid regretting that such an unfortunate collision should
have taken place, but it surely supplies another argument for
the necessity of a speedy arrangement of a question which has
caused so much bloodshed and disorganization. In the Equity
Exchequer, which opened yesterday, there were several tithe
cases on, so that the parsons betray no falling off in their zeal
to uphold the revenues of the Establishment.
At the opening of the Court of Chancery yesterday, seven-
teen young gentlemen were sworn in as barristers before the
Lord Chancellor, of whom twelve were Protestants and five
Catholics.

Mrs. Nesbitt has arrived in Dublin, and will appear at the
Theatre Royal on Monday night, in Sheridan Knowles' comedy
of the Love Chase.

A Military Court of Inquiry is at present sitting in Kil-
kenny, upon two officers of the 99th Regiment, charged with
an unmanly and unmilitary attack upon two young girls, and
a very shabby defence of it afterwards. The result is expected
with considerable anxiety.
Pierce Mahoney, Esq., late M. P. for Kinsale, is canvassing
the borough of Drogheda, in the event of Sir William Somer-
ville being raised to the peerage, of which there is little doubt.
A Mr. Dixon, an English gentleman, is also in the field.
The Rev. Mr. O'Malley, famous for his advocacy of a
Poor-law, has addressed a letter to Mr. Staunton, proprietor
of the Morning Itzgister, in which he undertakes to show the
fallacy of Mr. OTonnell's views upon the subject of the Mi-
nisterial Bill. He contends that the present mode of relief,
as given by the farmers to the poor, is more expensive upon
them than a tax, since they would turn the corn and potatoes
they give them into money ; and they now have the entire
support of them, vvhet eas the Bill would throw some of it upon
th• landlords.
LORD BANDON.S TEN&NTRY.—As I stated in my last Lord
Bandon is taking proceedings to eject a great number of his
tenantry from land which they and their progenitors have oc-
cupied for more than a century. Under some obsolete sta-
tute, he was able to obtain from the magistrates a precept,
enabling him to eject them summarily, if a jury would decide
that they had obtained possession by the " strong hand." Mr.
Dogherty, the Agent of Lord Bandon, appeared with a she-
riff's return for a jury, which he deliberately filled with the
names as he chose (the Sheriff's name being signed to the
blank form in his possession). The array was, of course, under
the circumstances, challenged, and the magistrates at once
determined upon quashing it. Thus the matter stands at
present, the unfair attempt to pack a jury having been defeated.

EXTRAORDINARY PROCREDINOS.—On the subject of the ex-
traordinary proceedings adopted by his Lordship, we supply
some further particulars from the Southern Reporter. "We
referred on Saturday,'' says our Contemporary, the substance
of whose observations we subjoin--" we referred on Saturday
to the novel and extraordinary legal procedure which we un-
derstood was about to be adopted on the part of the Earl of
Bandon, in reference to the tenantry of his Lordship on an ex-
t,nsive tract of land, called Kinneagh, part of his estates,
situate about ten males to the west of the tovvn of ii4ndp n,
Several months ago, and before the meeting of Parliament, 0,
•

petition of the tenantry, addressed to the Noble Lord, and
other documents, appeared in this journal, from which the fol-
lowing facts were collected :

" The present tenants and their progenitors had occupied
the land for upwards of a century under the Gillman faintly,
the immediate tenants of Lord Bandon and his ancestors.
The leases expired last year, and a determination was an-
nounced to clear the land of the whole population, men,
women, and children, amounting to several hundreds. It
was stated by those who professed to speak the sentiments
of the Noble Lord, that he had resolved not to let any lands
thenceforward to Roman Catholics, and this was the cause
assigned for the proposed expulsion of the tenantry in
question. When the circumstances were originally commu-
nicated to us by three County Magistrates, it was mentioned
that a summary process would be resorted to for the expulsion
of the tenantry, and that it would be eff2cted by a migistratcti
warrant, which would be executed by a militiry and police
force. Such a mode of removing tenants in possession was
unheard of. We controverted its legality, and remonstrated.
under any circumstances, against turning hundreds of wretched
creatures adrift on the country, the inclement winter season
then approaching. The threatened proceedings were then
suspended, aed early in the present session, when Lord Mul-
grave made his triumphant vindication in Parliament of his
administration of the affairs of this country, his allusion to the
difficulty of preserving the public peace when tenants were
removed from the estate of a Noble Lord, because of their re-
ligion, was met by Lord Bandon's assertion that they were in
comfortable possession. The Noble Lord omitted to add that
it was intended to remove them in March ; and that, by die
most extraordinary procedure ever resorted to for such A
purpose.
_ _

. .
Those tenants and their progenitors had been in possession
for upwards of a century ; the farina had been improved, and
the rents regu'arly paid. These were circumstances that in
England would have entitled the tenants to renewed tenures
ai a matter of course. Considerations of fair dealing, equity
and justice govern the transactions and contracts Letween Lana-
lord and Tenant in the sister country. In the present instance,
a possession of upwards of a century had no weight in favour og.
a numercus improving tenantry paying their rents regulariy'-
The determination to expel them was formed, and a preliminary
attempt made on Saturday_to carry it into effect under the most.
extraordinary circumstances.

There are two English statutes of Richard the 2d, and ano-
ther of Henry the 6th, giving a summary jurisdiction to Magis-
trates, in cases of forcible entry into lands, to restore the pos-
session. These statutes are said to have been extended to Ire-
land by the Bth of Edward the 4th. No proceeding on those
obsolete statutes was ever heard of in this country, until they
were resorted to by the legal advisers of Lord Bandon, to at.
ford summary means of expelling a numerous and meritorious
tenantry after the possession of a century.
Such is the state of the facts with rezpect to Lord Bandon 's
tenantry on Kinneagh up to this period. After a possession
of a century they are to be expelled, obsolete Acts of Parlia- •
silent, never brought into operation in this country that we'
:lave heard of, resorted to in order to effect the process in is
summary manner, and the Assessor and Jury both nominate&
by the law agent of their noble adversary. It is due to *0
Magistrates who presided to state that their conduct and de.
meanour were strictly impartial. There gentlemen declared
more than once from the Bench on Saturday that they were
forced—that they were coerced—to take a past in this pro-
ceeding, ; that they regarded it as one dangerous to the peace'
of the country; but that they were concluded by the law, arict
could not avoid issuing the Precept. But in reference to the
use which was made •f it—seeing what they did see—seeing
the attorney of one party, and that party a Peer of the rearec,
armed virtually with a power of nominating the Jury which was
to decide a question between the Peer and poor and lowly
tenants of his own, they refused to sanction such a monstrous
perversion of justice, and declined to try a case disfigured with
so many circumstances of' palpable wrong-doing. Under the
compulsion, however, by which they found themselves first;
obliged to act, they did not find themselves at liberty to with'
draw from further interference, and have accordingly
Friday next for another hearing, a new precept to be iii th'e
meantime issued to the Sheriff.
THE POOR LAW BILL—MEETING AT THE
CORN EXCHANGE.
In reference to the proceedings of the meeting
beld last
Tuesday at the Corn Exchange, of which a report appeared
yesterday in our columns, the Pilot says—" We have here
striking evidences of the energy of the Liberator, and of his
unabated ardour for old Ireland. It has been wisely said, no
prostrate country was ever regenerated but by " a ante--
Ireland has the man, and with a blessing will be regenerated.
This bring the day for the opening of the Four Courts, there,
will be no public meeting. But it will, we bel'aeve, be the,
exception. It is Mr. O'Connell's intention to hold a public
meeting every other day during his stay,
The Freeman's Journal, after exr!nessing its opinion
the result of the meeting afforde conclusive evidence of die
state of public feeling in Dublin on the question of Irish Poor-
laws, declares its disappointment that Mr. O'Connell shookf
not have been able to effect alterations in the
Ministeria
measure.
ave have been disappointed—the Bill has come from the
Committee unaltered and unimproved; and unless the peopl.e.
bestir themselves in time—unless they rally round O'Connefk
—and respond heartily and unanimously to the call he has:
made on them, they will be consenting pa'eties to the moat
impolitic and mischievous piece of legislation which Britisls
obstinacy and ignorance have yet inflicted on them. Mr.
O'Connell recapitulated all his objectic,ns to the principle and
details of the measure. The speech of the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman was certainly an eloquent ( and the great majority'
of the meeting felt it was a convincing) expose of the absurdi-
ties and incongruities of the Bill."
There is a rumour afloat which, as it has gained consider-
able circulation, we feel bound to allude to—it is to the effect
that a Stipendiary Magistrate is about to be inflicted on our
pity. We have not time to-day to allude to this affair as its
importance demands ; but we cannot help saying that we have,
heard of nothing for a long time that smells so rankly of job-
bing.— Watesford Chronicle.
A copy of a publication, denominated the Court Gazette,
directed to the Freeman's Journal Office, has been chae-ged
postage to the amount of 13a. 9d. It bears all the usual eha-
r Icteristics of a newspaper entitled to pass free through the
Post-office, being stamped, as is also the supplement which 1,
with it, and containing intelligence of the current events of
the day. On applying to the proper quarter for information.
on the subject, no reason could be assigned for the charge 0'
postage to which it is subjected, further than that it had been
taxed in the London office, and bore the Post-office seal "5"
authenticate the postage. In the absence of a necessary
planation we only mention the fact at present.—Dublin
Freeman.

GARDENING OPERATIONS FOft

THE WEEK.

(From the Gardeners' Gazette.)

CELERY may be sown for a full crop.
TURNIPS, Spinach, Onions for drawing, Salads of all kin"'
Leeks, &c., should be sown also.
ASPARAGUS BERRIES, sow broad cast, in a good open situatiotl;
RED BEET AND MANGEL WURZEL—For general crop, thi
may he sown in drills, and when they come up too thick, take
them out carefully to plant. The ground for these,
as well as
Carrots and Parsnips, must he well digged.
Propagate Pot Herbs by slips and cuttings.
Prepare succession ridges for planting out Cucumbr rs•
Sow out-of-door Annuals in places where they are to remain'
Sow, also, Perennials, Biennials, &c.
Sow SEA-KALE.—Management the same as Asparugus.
Shift tender Annuals from small to large pots. Pot those
which are forward enough, and have not been taken from the
seed-pot. Even those destined ultimately fur the border
should be potted.
Sow tree and shrub seeds, kernels, &c., for stocks.
GRAFTING.—CompIete without delay, whether Roses, baraf
shrubs, fruit trees, or other subjects.
Ros Ell may be checked in their bloom by removal ; but the'
better way to throw them later, for succession of bloom, is nor
to cut them back, until all the upper buds have shot half eru
inch or an inch. The lower buds will not have come forwarth;
and by cutting down, as we have before described, to one ott
two lower eyes, they will be a fortnight or three weeks latex
than those cut a month ago.
AURICL'LAS require great care : under hand-glasses they"
will get their half opening blossoms set hard, unless they are'
well protected from cold.

The NEW FLAT GOLD WATCH& '
The price in gold cases, with vertical movement £7 V
Ditto, with well-finished horizontal movement, in douhle-
bottomed engine-turned cases, jewelled in four holes'
with silver dial
0
T. COX SAVORY, Working Silversmith and Jeweller, 4"
Cornhill, London ( Seven doors from Gracechurch-street).
N.B. the Horizontal Construction is particularly recommended
for its superior accuracy.

On the 18th inst.., at Montpelier-road, Brighton, the Hon. 31."
Anderson, of a son.
On the 18th inst., in Bruton-street, the lady of H. Davidson.,
Esq., of a son.
On the 19th inst.; at Camberwell, Mrs. Benjamin Ed
a son. gington; , of
On the 14th inst., at Durham Rectory C loucestershire, Mrs.
Robinson, of a daughter.
On the 19th inst., in St. Martin's-o,a" gar-
, Trafal so re 111x9'Robert Blackmore, of a daughter.
On the 11th inst., at Grange. Lodge, Guernsey, ',;he lady of J.
; :
Grmme, jun., Esq., of Gervo;2lc, Perthshire, of a e.aughter.
On the 18th inst., in Fenchurch-street, the lady of
W. J. Little,
Esq., M.D., of a daughter,
or On
au the 16th inst., at Brighton, the lady of J. P. Croke, Esq''
dghter.
On the 15th inst., the wife of J. E. Thewles, Esq., of lialf—
ktoon-street., of a son.

M.IRR
On the 17th inst., at Beckley, Sussex, Wm. Row, 1311., of thef
same place, to Anna Maria, daughter of Charles Pi/ oller, Esq'' °
Woodgate.
On the 16th inst., at Chesterton, Cambridges:Aire, Captain Sir
David Dunn, R.N. K.C. H. , to Luuisa Hemrie,da, daughter of thy
late G. Montagu, Esq.
On the pith inst., at Dinder, near We"ls, Somerset, the Rey''
Charles A. Ogilvie, Vicar of Duloe, Cor.nwall and domestic chap-
lain to his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, to Mary An"
Gurnell, eldest daughter of the late J. Armstrong, Esq.

On the 16th inst„ at Deal, lieut. Thos. Clendon, of the 110 n'
East India Coilipany's, Navy, aged 38.
On the 17th inst., John, eldest son of J. Patch, Esq., of Frtricit•
street, Ledford-square,
On the 17tIA inst.., at Blackheath, Adeline, child of Mr,. G edge'
a,s,a,l

-
andon: Printed and PubliPhed by MURDO Y(' ONG. of •N°;
112, Strand, at The Sun Office. No. 112. Strar.,l, in,,the count
uf Allddlesex.—Saturday, April '2l, 1838.
