LISBON PAPERS.

LISBON, FEB. 27.—The official part of the Gazette
of Lisbon contains-1. A letter from the Viscount de
Santa Martha, cotnmanding the army of operations, to
Viscount Santarem, in answer to an inquiry from his Ex-
cellency respecting the health of the troops. The Gene-
ral states that the sanatory state of the army is highly 53
tisfrctory, the number of nick in the hospitals beir.g very
small. 2. An order of the day, dated from tee head-
quarters in the Palace of Braga, Feb. 20, with the copy
ot. a Prpd brief, allowing the individuals accompanying
the army of operation to eat meat during Lent, so lung as
they are employed in the defence of these kingdoms.
FEBRUARY 28.—The siege of Oporto daily becomes
more vigorous i❑ con:equence of the well directed fire with
which the batteries continue to harass the rebels. T. the
:hardships of war are added those that result from the in-
clemency of the weather, which has latterly been such
Oat any vessel approaching the coast is in danger of being
dashed to pieces on the rocks.. I❑ the vicinity of the Ca-
traded° there were lately found the remains of a wreck,
with some dead bodies >lurting on the waves, or cast on
shore. It is also said, that the rebels have lost a steam
boat off Villa da Conde, it having been damaged not only
by the bad weather, but also by the fire of our troops. 'lhe
fort of Cabadello inspires great terror into the rebels, our
artillery firing both in the direction of La Fez and the sea.
The fortifications of the krryalists on the north bank,
have been advanced with such activity and zeal, that they
are now within uru•ket shot of Fort La

According to a letter written row Villa Nova de Gaia,
dated the 19th of this month, the passage from Oporto to
La Foz is interrupted in consequence of the erection of a
great battery in Lordello, and one in front on the side of
that town. The troops that occupy the battery of Paranhos
deserve the highest praise for the valour and skill with
which, in the combat of the 14th, they attacked the rebels
posted to the Fatuica da Sola. Sickness continues to
prevail in Oporto, -where 14 persons daily flll victims to
the disorder. The accumulation of an many evils has re-
duced the rebels to a 'state of devei anon, of which it is
not easy to form an idea, e,peciaily when they recollect the
malady which affl ets them is another ;:ift at liberalism.
Alaacri 2.—Our Gazette of the 2d contains his Ma-
jesty's aecept,nce of the res'gnation of G fleral Santa
Martha, on ,ccoattr, of his bad health, and the appoin:-
talent of the Conde tie St. Lourenp, Minister of War,
to take the commind of the army before Oporto. During
the absence of the Ccride de St. Lourenco, the Conde de
Bat becena is to act as Minister of War.

SHIP NEWS. —LISBON, FEB. 27.—Sailed, the English
schooner Pike, for Falmouth, with the mail.
FEB. 28.—Arrived the English packet Pantaloon, in
nineteen days, from Falmouth, with the m4ll.—Lisbon
Gazettes, from the 27th of February to the 2d of March,
both inclusive.

SIR WALTER SCOTT'S MOSUMENT.--We
have authority to state that, at a tneeting of the committee
charged with the details of this projected trinute to the me-
mory of our great poet, it was resolved that on no acottnit
should there he entertained any proposal for diverting the
funds to any othtr ohject than the architectural decoration
of this city. The present amount. of tu::scription is about
1,1001, and, as soon as the sum of 2,0001. is subscribed,
the committee will consider themselves authorized to ad-
vertise for architectural desi2ns, and to proceed to the exe-
cution of the work.— Glasgow Courier.
The nomination of candidates for the
Western Division of Comb• rland took place on Monday
list at Coeket mouth. The candidates were Alt.. ItcroN
(an ricer of the Lowthers), and Major AGLIoNIIY, a Re-
tormer. Mr. Ittwm, of Calder Abhey. proposed the former
gentleman, and Sir WILFRID LAWSON, of Bruyton
the la ter. Tie polling is to commence this day at
Cockermowh.

It is rumoured that Count MATuszEwic is
about t proceed to St. Petersbuigh, fi,r the purpose of en-
deavourinV, to relieve himself of the diplomacy at Dresden,
arid, in the event of hi+ slicers-, the Count will return, iind
fix his foiure residence in this o.untry as a priva•e indi
vidnal. It is well known that the Count is pas•i .n itely
find of the sports of the field, and to Melton (where he
keeps a large stud) he is particular'y attached. A report
prevails that at no distant.peried Prince Lz KVEN will be re-
called, and should that event take place, Count MATuszK.
wic would be a candidate to succeed him.

The princely and splendid mansion, Belvoir
Castle, has prevented one continued scene of hospitality
since. the Noble Duke's birthday in January. The names
of the individuils who dine at the Castle are invariably
written down, and from this list it appears that, in the
course of the la-t, eight wetks, sixteen thousand persons,
including servants, hive been hospitably en!ertaineo
within the walls of, Belvoir. Four far. oxen and fourteen
fat sheep have been slaughtered each week, besides venison,
birds, hares, and fish. The number of barrels of strong
ale emptied (eight hogsheads to the barrel), is immense;
whilst seven hundred and twenty six hogsheads (or forty
five thousand seven hundred and thirty eight gallons). re-
main untapped. The individual having the care of the
lamp-room, a singular, but well-conducted department,
has had to clean and put away on each night, alter the
family retired to rest, four' bundled lamps—and the
nightly consumption of oil has been from 10 to 12 gallon-.

The St. George left the Downs on Monday
for Oporto, with 300 French soldiers, ammunition, an.;
other warlike stores ; and in a day or two, other vesses
will proceed for the s.me destination, with the rest of the
French troops, who altogether will amount to 1,500.
We have also learned that the bruther of one of the prin-
cipal agents of Don PEDRO in this country, sailed yester-
day morning from Portsmouth to Oporto, with very
imp-rt.nt despatches for the Government. All this does
not look as if the affairs of Dun PEDRO were considered
by those whom we must presume well informed on the
subject at an end. The fact, also, of the Alediterraneao
packet leaving Vigo on the 12th instant, a port. which is
hardly a d..y's voyage or post from Oporto, and being
silent altogether about the reported capitu ation, proves
that affairs there are not in such a desperate state as it has
been asserted. On the 22d February, the Lord of the
Ides landed a, the Fuz the troops and passengers she had
on board, and ever since, that steamer and the Lona on
Merchant have been plying between Vigo and Oporto,
with provision, and ammunition.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Ithßur 21.

On the LORD CHANCELLOR taking his seat on the
Woolsack, at five o'clock,
The Bishop of ROCHESTER presented a peti,ion
from the inhabitants of the city of Rochester, praying for
the better ob,ervance of th'. Lord's Day.
Lord BEXLEY presented a petition from a parish in
Cheshire to the same effect.

Lord KING presented a petition from Donnllee, in the
county of Cork, praying for the abolition of tithes and
church cess ; and a petition from the Dissenters of Chi-
chester, praying for the better observarxe of the Sabbath.

Lord SUFFIELD said, that he had to present a p..ti-
ti,n from a Member of the other House of Parliament
(Mr. Hope J hnstone), praying their Lordships to take
into consideration his claim to the Annandale Peeraee,
which had been before their House on a former occasion,
and to fix an early day for that purpose.
Lord BELHAVEN presented a petition from a parish
in Perthshire, for the h.tter Aservance of the Sabbath.

The Bishop of EXETER presented petitions to the
same tff ct from the city of Exeter, and the boroughs of
Truro. Liskeard, and Honiton.
Lord PLUNKET said that he rose pursuant to notice
he had given to I,y taeore their Lordships a Bill for the
better empannelling of Juries in Ireland. It must he in
the recollection of their Lordships that a Bill had been
presented to the Housa and read a first time ; but a Sele t
Committee having he. n appointed to consider it, the re-
sult was, that that Committee suggested that the opinion
of the Learned Judges in Irel Ind should bee.;,kt,ank,eannduptill):
it. In consequence of that, the Secretary for Ireland had
thought it his duty to act upon that Stlt'g
Judges had declared themselves to lie in favour of some
parts of the Bill, and opposed to other parts, some of which
were very mated il. Great attention had been paid to the
opinions of the Judgeot, which No,le Lords would see
upon locking at the 13111. On the first reading it was
not necessary to anticipate any discussion, but it would
be reserved to the second reading. He, however, should,
af,er laying the Bill on the table, move that it be printed.
He would now say a few words upon the Bill. It consoli-
d ited the existing- laws respectingjories, to in eke he law of
Ireland as much lik • to the law at present existing in England
as the difference of the two countries would admit of. On
reference to the qualification clause, it would he found
that it had been framed so as to adapt the qualification of
Jurors in behind as much as possible to that which
prevailed in this country, and so far as the qualification
was concterned, it had received the entire ap irohation of
the judges. The qualification for jurors in counties was
a freehold estate of 151. or one of the same amount upon
a lease of 21 years, for cities, household.rs, or persons
possessing personal estate to the amount of 1001.
With respect to the return of Jurors he would now state
what the plan proposed was. In England, the overseer
of the poor furnished the return, but in Ireland their
Lordships need not be told that there was no such public
officer. The nearest substitute of that officer was the
barony cess collector. These officers made the rate, and
were acquainted with the nature and extent of the ;.iroperty
in each barony. The Learned Judges were of opinion that
these persons were not the best qualified for returning Jurors;
but, at the same time, they had not suggested any other person
as their substitute. The Judges, however, had entertained
some misapprehension as to their objections, which had been
since removed. By the former B II it wasrequired that pub-
lic notic- shou'd be given in the barony of the persons qua-
lified to •erve on jut ies, by having a list of names posted tip
on the church or chapel doors. This, however, was
deemed objectionable—(Hear)—and all that was required
of the baronial collector now was, that he should furnish a
list of jurors to the clerk of the peace, and the latter officer
was required to furnish the town clerk of the cly or tiwn
to which the lists applied with a copy. The justices of
the sessions had the lists to revise, and it was after this
correction had been made that the bironial officer had to
transmit it to the clerk of the peace. By the present Bill
the power of the sheriff as to ,he pannel was not altered.
There was only another point which he (Lord Plunket)
felt it requisite to state to their Lordships on the present
occasion, and that was in reference to special juries. By
Sir Robert Peel's Bill upon this subject a power was given
in all criminal cases, such as informations under penal
Statutes, and in all cases short of fel ,ny, to authorize a
special jury being empannelled, on application to the
Court of King's Bench of either the party prosecuting or
the person against whem the prosecution was brought.
The present Bill adopted that course wi h some qualifica-
tion. T• e sheriff was to form his list of special jurors
rum a return furnished in the way described. All per-
sons were qualified to become special jurors who were
the sons of Peers ; all Baronets, Knights, Magistrates,
and persons qualified for the office of grand jurors,
and merchants not dealing in retail trade ; and it
there were not then sufficient to form a special
jury, the sheriff was to take the number wanting
rum the common jury list. The jury were not
to he struck tiff by the officer of the Cow t, but balloted
for, their names being put in a box and drawn not, as
was done in cases tried by common Juries at Nisi Prius ;
and from that ballot the special Jury were to tie formed.
There were other matters of minor importance, altera-
tions of doe 811 of last Sessions; but he need not detain
their Lordships now in stating them ; they formed matter
rather for the second reading. The Noble and Learned
Lord th, n concluded with moving that the Bill be read a
first time, and printed, and read a second time on that
day se'nnight.
Earl RODEN hoped that the second reading would not
be taken quite so early, for there were Noble Lords who
might wish to he present who were now in Irel and.

Lord PLUNKET said lie would certainly name another
day—viz. Monday se'nnight.
Earl WICKLOW said, that it gave him great satisfac
tion to find that this Bill was much improved front that
of last year. It gave him much greater s.tisfaction to
find .hat it was founded upon the opinions of the Judges
of Ireland.

Lord WYNFORD wi-herl to know how the iitulitica-
tion of the merchant was limited, or what was to be con-
sidered under the term merchant?

Lord PLUNKET said a merchant who did not cirry
on a retail trade was qua ified, provided he possessed orofer
tue law those qualifications which had been already men-
tioned.

The Bill Wai then read a first time, and ordered to be
printed ; and Monday se'nnight fixed for the sect nd
reading.
Petitions for the abolition of slavery were presented by
V 1.00,111, MELBOURNE .nd Earl FITZWILLIAM.
Earl FITZWILLIAM moved that an abstract be laid
before their Lordships of the prie.s of wheat and forei,n
corn, made by his Majesty's Consuls, from 1826 to the
latest period.—Ordered.
Their Lordships then adjourned.
