[THE TI HES.]

Some questions- were last night put by Sir
James Mackintosh to the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, respecting the maritime pretensions of
Russia in the Pacific Ocean,. and o►► its eastern
and western shores. If considered %rill► any
view to the public principles recognised by
the law of nations, nothing can be more mon-
strous than this theoretical rapacity of,the Rus-
sian Cabinet. If compared with the means
possessed by that Court to enforce its menaces in
opposition to the power of Great Britain, or even
of the United States, nothing can exceed the
folly of such pretensions. Why, a squadron of
half a dozen British frigates, and two or three
battalions of marines, would exterminate the Mus-
covites from the scene of this ill-placed, ill-
timed, and immeasurable arrogance. And yet will
it be credited by those even who can best conceive
from the history of live or six. years just ended,
the extreme disproportion between that respect
which is due from other European powers to
Great Britain, mod the contemptuous indifference
with which the British Ministers are treated or;
all hands —will it, we repeat, be believed here-
after, that to the repeated remonstrances of this
Government on a subject most nearly touching
the honour and dignity of the► British CroWn, the
Court of Russia has not yet deigned to return so
much as a decent answer ? Mr. Canning fairly
cc admits that no information has yet been fur-
nished to our Ambassador at Ste Petersburgh!"

[MORNING POST.]
The intelligence received yesterday from Pa-
ris adds hut little to our knowledge of military
movements. It is asserted that the force which
Nina took with him in his late enterprize did not
exceed 4000 men—a statement which, if correct,
would only excite a greater degree of admiration
at the skill and activity with which that bold
Commander has eluded the overpowering masses
of the enemy, and contrived to maintain himself,
and to manoeuvre freely in the rear of numbers
ten times larger than his own. With such limited
means he would scarcely have been able to effect
what he has done ; for besides his triumph over
Romagosa, which every tith, tends to confirm,
he has stopped the advance of Moncey's whole
army, compelled several of its corps to return
and engage in a difficult and unavailing chace
amongst mountains and defiles with which he alone
is perfectly acquainted, and forced the convoys
which were cowing, to fall back and seek a shelter
on the French territory. Supposing, however,
that all this should have been accomplished with
only 4000 men, it would he► erident that lie never
could have intended to enter France with so
small a force, and that his chief object must have
been, after striking a few blows, to create Con-
stitutional Guerrillas, or' to support those already
formed or foiming, by the dispersion of his troops
into different parties in the rear of the enemy.—
That some great difficulties have arisen in the
conduct of tilt+ war in Catalonia, in conse-
quence of his movements, may be inferred
from the rumours prevalent in Paris, that Moncey
was to be recalled, and Suchet (the Duke of
Albufera) appointed in his place. This Corn.
mander has not only skill, but youth and ncti-
vity on his side, whilst Moncey has far declined
'into the vale of years ; and his appointment
would seem to indicate that the French Go-
vermnent shared at last the just and general opi-
nion that the struggle in Spain would he far
more serious than it had been anticipated, and
that it would require abilities of a higher kind,
and exertions of a more comprehensive nature,
than those which had hitherto been displayed by
the Prince Generalissimo and his subordinate

agents.

[MORNING HERALD.]
What a withering, unsocial, malevolent thing,
is the spirit of party ? Take a thorough-going
Radical, and there is no peril, no degradation, to
which he would not gladly reduce the country
of which he is an unworthy son, if he but sees,
or fancies he sees, a blow aimed at " Old Sarum."
The cause of knowledgeand freedom in Spain is
Jess than nothing to him: he would gladly see it
trampled under foot by the inquisition and thel

rrencli. fe woa' even see the English flag
humiliated, and that of France flying over the
Tower of London, in his petty and vindic-
tive spleen against " Boroughmongers." On
the other hand, the thorough-going partisan
of things as they are, the intolerant mono-
polist of the true faith in politics and reli-
gion, will not stir in a cause, which even con-
fesses to be, in itself, good, if it would bring him
into momentary communion with persons out of
his little sect or creed. Is the lot of the African
slave to be ameliorated!" The little bigot starts
away from it, because it is defiled by the co-
operation of some one who sat silent in his place
whilst a Petition was presented from the nolo.
rious personage named Carlile.,, Is the question
to awake the sympathy of a free and generous
People in favour of a nation whose position is the
most. interesting, the most affecting that imagi-
nation can frame to itself—a young nation, re-
nascent from barbarian tyranny and degrada-
tion, and aspiring to the glories of the parent
from which it is descended ? The partizan
withholds his puny aid, and shrinks within him-
self because he will not commune with one who
missed an opportunity of abusing Carlile. Of
the first class of party bigots we have no hope,
and shall therefore waste no words on them.
To the second we would put the question, whe-
ther they think the abolition of the Slave Trade,
or the cause of the Greeks unsanctified—dese-
crated by the profane contact even of hands
that presented a petition for the mitigation of
punishment in the -case of a convicted in-
fidel libellist ? With an extreme distaste for
the trash published by Carlile and his col-
leagues, we see the possibility of men having
the strongest respect for religion, yet dis-
countenancing the industry with which pro-
secutions have been instituted. The law of opi-
nion to Mr. Locke, the most power-
ful of the three great sanctionsr-and it is, per-
haps, to be regretted that what is somewhat
loosely termed blasphemy was not left to be
branded as it would have been, and therefore
extinguished by this law alone. At all events,
it is lamentable that a spirit should be gene-
rated by differencetof opinion on a point like
this, to prevent a union of efforts in promoting
the universal and immutable interests of huma-
nity and civilization.

IN ENV TI M ES.]
We learn with satisfaction that our fate state-
ments of the positions and movements of the
Allied Forces in Spain have been regarded as
more clear and distinct than those of most of
our cotemporaries. We do not dissemble the
difficulty that must necessarily exist in tracing
the details of such a warfare as that which is
carrying on at present in Catalonia. But in
the great outlines of the campaign, we have
not hitherto been much mistaken, and at all
events we have been consistent. We own it has
often struck us that the habitual readers of The
Morning Chronicle, Times, and other I'apers of
that stamp, must be very much confused by the
directly opposite statements of the same facts, in
the same Journal, at different periods. Yester-
day, for instance, The Chronicle contained two
columns of small type, closely printed, to prove
that there are not now,and were not in the course
of the last year, any plots whatever against the
Government in France, except some very trifling
ones instigated by the agents of the Government
itself. And yet no longer ago than the 17th of
March and 4th of April last did The Chronicle
contain the two very memorable articles, signed
G. which were ascribed to the pen of Mr.
Bowling. Of those articles, the first most expli-
citly asserted that the great majority of French-
men would " shortly " join in overthrowing
the present Government ; and the second said,
" Three weeks hence we may be able to refer to
our arguments and views of the case as so many
predictions." Now, by which of these views of
the state of France does The Chronicle mean to
abide ? Has there been no conspiracy at all in
that country ; or does the great majority of the
People form one vast conspiracy ? Ilas there
never been a serious thought of overturning the
Government ; or was a plan for that purpose
agreed upon and ready for execution on the 25th
of last month ? And if so, by what accident has
it been delayed ? The two statements of fact di-
rectly contradict each other : and yet to both The
Chronicle appears to give full credit. What, we
ask again, are the readers of The Chronicle to be
live ? As to the contradictions and tergiversations
of The Times, we have exposed them so often and
so distinctly, that any body who trusts to the
statements of that paper must do it on the prin-
ciple of the poet, that

—The pleasure is as great
Of being cheated, as to cheat.

But we will take-an example from one of the
French Liberal Journals. In the beginning of
February last the courier Francais asserted that
by the Ist of April the Cortes would have a re-
serve of one hundred thousand muskets, and
would have fitted for sea 31 ships of the line—
that by the same period one hundred and eighty
thousand men would be under arms, clothed, and
equipped ; and that the Spanish frontiers would
be placed io a complete state of defence I—We
demonstrated the absurdity of these statements
in our Paper of February 9.oth, and subsequent
events have proved that we were right.—There
was no defence of the frontiers—no hundred and
eighty thousand men—no reserve of a hindred
thousand muskets—and no thirty-one ships of
the line. Which are best, the monstrous fic-
tions of the courier Pranpis, or the plain un-
exaggerated statements of a Journalist who dis-
dains to cater for public prejudice by such un.
worthy means ?

[BRITISH PRVIS.]
The overweening pretensions of Russia were
freely canvassed in the House of Commons last
night by Sir James Mackintosh. There is still,
in that great assembly, a spirit and a freedom of
inquiry and independence, which domestic cor-
ruption has not yet been able to break down,
and which laughs to scorn the power and pre-
tensions of foreign Despots. Within those walls
they are dragged to the bar of public opinion, and
impeached in the face of Europe. A free Press,
with an unbounded circulation, diffuses the debates

of the British Parliament through the civilized'
world ; it pervades, in despite of the most un-
ceasing vigilance, every-portion of Europe, and
carries terror into the recesses of the tyrant's
palace, and alarm to the solitude of his very
pillow. By this press the ceaseless ambition and
hypocritical perfidy of the Northern Autocrat has
been exposed ; the specious disguise in which he
enveloped his plans of universal dominion, have
been searched and laid bare ; all Europe now
beholds him in his true colours as the rapicious
plunderer of Poland—the cold-blooded betrayer
of the Greeks—the imperial conspirator against
the rights of man. Through the medium of the
Holy Alliance, he is before the world in his real
character of a despot, a hypocrite, and a spoiler.
His monstrous ambition, it is known urged the
present contest against Spain ; he aided Austria
to enslave Italy; he has clutched Poland in his
grasp, and doomed it to universal slavery. Ile
roused the Christians throughout the Turkish
provinces to revolt, and when he had bared their
throats to the scymitars of their oppressors, he
left them to be butchered in thousands. Not satis-
fied with possessions in Europe and Asia, exceed-
ing the utmost extent of the RoMan empire under
the warlike Trojan or the philosophic. Antonines,
the Imperial proprietor contemplates nothing short
of universal dominion by land and sea, and in
pursuance of it seeks at once to arrogate an ex-
tent of coast of more than 4000 miles—from the
north-west coast of America to the north-east
shores of Russiii—and to appropriate for his sub-
jects the north-west Company, the entire most
valuable fur trade of these immense regions. Sir
James Mackintosh, after alluding to the question
he had put last Session to Lord Londonderry,
on the subject of the pretensions of this power,
asked Mr. Canning whether he had received in-
formation that Russia, in prosecution of her de-
sign to assume universal dominion over land and
sea, had stationed ships of war to drive away
British and American yessels, from Nootka Sound
to the shores of Japan ? Secondly, whether any
answer had been given by Russia to the protest
of the British Government, in the time of Lord
Londonderry, against this usurpation ? And
thirdly, whether any negociations were pending
on the subject ? Mr. Canning replied, that Mi-
nisters had received no such information as that
mentioned, respecting the Russian ships of war.
That the protest had been renewed and repeated,
both at the Congress of Verona and at St. Peters-
burgh, and that negociations were now depending
at the Russian Court, in consequence of instructions
sent to our Ambassador there, on the principles
of the former protest. We are glad to see the
rights of the country remembered. If Russia were
suffered to advance in the career of ambition she
has taken with such gigantic strides, her ascen-
dancy would overshadow Europe. America would
not suffer the rights and property of its subjects
to.be torn from them, if England could be weak
enough to submit in silence. The American Mi-
nister already remonstrated against this outrageous
usurpation, and the British Minister has again re-
peated our protest. Russia must see she cannot
maintain her encroachment in the teeth of rivals
so powerful; she must therefore retire with asgood
a grace as possible, and give ,the matter as good
a colouring as she can. It has been, however,
the policy' of this power never to abandon her
pretensions`tatogether, though she may have been
occasionally obliged to husband them for future
occasions. She will stifle her demands for the
present, but she will keep them watchfully in re-
serve, to be put forward with the array of her
whole power at some future and not distant day.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, .MAY 21.
110P1.CINS P. NEWEL.

This was an action against the proprietor of the Richmond
stage, to recover a compensation for damages, arising from the
negligence of the defendant's coachman, who drove his mas-
ter's coach against the gig in which the plaintiff and his wife
were riding, and threw them into the road. No Counsel ap-
peared to defend the action.
Mr. GURNEY, in opening the plaintiff's case, alluded to
this circumstance, and observed that it was the 'only instance
within his knowledge, where A coach proprietor, sued in an
action of this description, had not appeared in Court to de-
fend it.
It was proved that on the 4th of August Mr. and Mrs. Hop-
kins were proceeding in a gig from Richmond. towards London;
over Barnes common ; while they were driving on their right
side of the road, the Richmond stage, of which the defendant
was the proprietor, came up, and deviating from its track, struck
against and overset the chaise. Mr. Hopkins was slightly hurt,
but his wife sustained a more serious injury, in consequence of
which she was confined for three weeks to her room. The
charge of the surgeon for attending on her during her illness
was 31. 3s. The defendant had paid for the repairs of the chaise,
but refused to afford any compensation for the personal injury.
The Lord CHIEFJUSTICE directed the Jury, that as the
wife was not joined In the action, they could not take into con-
sideration her personal sufferings in estimating the damages;'
but they might compensate the plaintifffor the loss of her assist-
ance in the management of her family during her illness, and
also for the expence which he had incurred fbr her cure.
The Jury found a verdict for the
• IMEELEY SATCHEL'.
plaintiff—Damages 10/.
This was an action of trespass brought by a tradesman resi-
dent at Mill-hill, near Hendon, Middlesex, against a butcher
of the same village, for shooting a dog of the plaintiff: '
It appeared in evidence, that the dog in question, which was
of the mastiff breed, was shot on the 24th of December last,
and died. The plaintiff's witnesses swore that he (defendant)
had Nhot at the dog on the 20th of the same month, and that,
after the death of the animal, lie had admitted that he shot him
on the day when he died. On the part of the defendant, wit-
nesses were called to show that he was at home the whole of
the day when the first shooting was sworn to, and the dog was
ultimately killed, not by him, but by a person named Hum-
phreys, who used his gun on the occasion.
Lorin CIIIEP JUSTICE left the Jury to decide whe-
ther, if Humphreys killed the dog, he did do so by the desire
of the defendant. If they thought he only fulfilled the de-
fendant's intention, they would give the plaintiff a verdict for
such a sum as would pay for another dog of the same descrip.
tion with that which he had lost.
The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiff.-Damages 51.

The first edition of the Bishop's Bible, printed
in 1568, is often designated by the appellation of the Leda Bible;
for, strange to say, at the commencement of the Epistle to the
Hebrews, the story of Leda and Jupiter is engraved on wood.
This Bible is further remarkable for these particulars:—at the
beginning is the head of Elizabeth ; at the end of the second
part is the head of the Earl of Leicester ; at the end of the third
part is the head of Burleigh.
SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—As a Mr. FINDLAY-
SOW was returning home yesterday afternoon about five o'clock,
on the outside of one of the Blackheath coaches, on reaching
Fishstreet-hill the coach stopped to take up a passenger. At
that moment another coach came in contact, and fastened with
the hind wheel of the coach Mr. F. was on, who, fearing to be
overturned jumped off, when the coach went over his left leg,
which it broke below the calf. He wasimmediately conveyed
to the New England Coffee-house' and Dr. Travers was sent
for, who gave his decided opinion that the leg must be ampu-
tated within ten minutes. In the interim his wife arrived;
after having five minutes' conversation with her, the operation
was performed below the knee, and, we are happy to state, there
are no signs of fever as yet.

_

THE ANCIENT STATE of SOUTHWARK,
AND ITS. NEIGHBOURHOOD.

The whole of Southwark, including St. George's-fields and
all the neighbourhood around, is supposed by antiquaries to
have been once a mere marsh, if not absolutely a lake. IMIAIT-
LAND, who had taken great pains in investigating the ground
on the south side of the river, of which he gives an interesting
account in his History of London, observes, in opposition to the
opinion of those who imagine that the Romans settled on this
spot very early, that that people would never, at their first
coming, have chosen for a station such a place as St. George's-
fields must then have been ; for to him it was evident that they
must have been overflowed at every spring tide. Ile had him-
self, at such times, frequently seen the small current from the
Thames, through a common-sewer at the Falcon, not only fill
all the neighbouring ditches, but also at the upper end of Gravel.
lane, overflow its banks into. St. George's-fields ; and the
Learned Dr. Whitaker carries the idea further. He considers
the north side to have been a British town, having on one side
the extensive forests, part of which even now reach within a
few miles of it, and on the other the Thames; which river
then, being unconfined by banks, 'ran over all the low
grounds that skirted its channel to a great distance. In this state
of the River, says he, the Romans settled at London, which
soon became a considerable mart, and at last the capital of one
of those provinces into which the Roman parts of Britain were
divided : the low grounds on the opposite side of the Thames
would soon feel the hands of the improving Romans, and from
thence the spirit of embanking would gradually go on along
both sides of the river, and in the course of four centuries of
their residence here would be erected those thick and strong
ramparts against the tide, which are so remarkable on tile Essex
side. They are the production of a refined period, but not of
one to which our records reach, and then they can only be
ascribed to the Romans. In confirmation of this he goes on
to observe, that under their improvements they had houses
and burying-grounds on it, and quotes Dr. Gale, who gives
an account of abundance of Roman antiquities of all sorts dis-
covered in St. George's Fields and the Borough. " These,"
says Dr. Whitaker, " are decisive evidences that the wonderful
work of embanking the river was projected and executed by
the Romans. It was the natural operation of that magnificent
spirit which intersected the earth with so many raised ramparts
for roads. They probably began in St. George's-fields, con-
tinued it along the adjoining and equally shallow marshes
of the river, and finally consummated it in constructing the
grand sea wall along the deep fen of Essex. When the Saxons
established themselves in this island, they frequently settled
where the Romans had been, improving on such foundations
as were ready laid. The name of Burgh, or South-were,
is derived from their language, and implies a place of strength,
which this great work, or artificial embankment on the south
side of the river, might be truly said to be.
Bankside, the portion of this neighbourhood which imme-
diately adjoins the river, evidently derives it name from its
" Bank" only. This stands partly
insiteuraetigoenh,etrahoullygehautliihisgaiptpethlelation is rather modern, but writers
in the Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, and partly
in that of Paris Garden, on the southaliank of the Thames,
and was anciently terminated by the priory of St. Mary Overy,
and Winchester and Rochester Palaces east, and by the inn
called the Falcon, now the commencement of Holland-street
west.

Having in a former paper given an account of the theatres,
Bordello or Stews, anil other remarkable buildings formerly
standing.on this spot, it will only be necessary in this place to
notice it, as far as it is illustrative of the ancient state of the
adjacent neighbourhood.
Bankside is alluded to in Doomsday book, where, speak-
ing of Southwark, it says :—" The men of Stidwerk testify
that in the time of King Edward (the Confessor) no one re-
ceived toll in the Strand or the hank of the river (in k Strand
vel in vivo ape except the King ; and if any committed a
forfeiture and was there sued, his fine went to the King." The
King's property in Sudwerk was then valued at sixteen pounds.
In 1316 a commission issued to empower Richard de Ben-
ham and Edmund de Passele, to view and repair the banks be-
tween London Bridge and the manor of Fauls-hall, " as also
a certain bank in the land of the Bishop of Winchester in South-
weik, which having been anciently made for the safeguard
thereof, was then ruinous and broken : and likewise certain
ditches, whereby the fresh water had forMerly used to descend
church
Into the Thames., which were then chocked up; and to distrait"
all persons for the repair of the walls and ditches, who in re-
' sPeEcetfoo fr
e any
the lafnodfinnaon that
tlohf the eyimpidre "
present otherwise,
thereto."
anwed repaoris obliged
Christ Church (which stands in the manor of Paris Garden),
the land both here and for a considerable way distant, appears
for a series of ages to have undergone but little change. The
buildings immediately on the bank had increased in number
since the very early periods of its history, but the space behind,
with the exception of some particular spots only, was open
country, and consisted of fields or gardens intersected by
ditches, filled from the Thames by the flowing of the tide. It
is shown in this state in different plans of London, published
in or near the reign of Elizabeth, and more particularly in a
plan of Paris Garden itself, on vellum, taken before 1600,
now belonging to Mr. Bray, the historian of Surrey. From
this it appears that the east end of Paris Garden manor adjoin-
ed to the Bishop of Winchester's liberty, which included the
" Folken Inc." Next to this was the sign of the " Gates,"
and a mill called " Widflete mill," which was turned by the
currents paising through the different sewers of St. George's
Fields, and the reflux of the tide, which formed a small sheet
of water, called the " Mill Pond," and run in an enlarged sewer
through the mill into the Thames. By this mill was a public
house .called " the George," which appears to have had trees
planted in a garden ; from which a road runs southwards, in-
scribed, " The waye leding to Copt Hall," and from thence is
a " waye leding to the Manner-house," (seeming to mean that of
Paris Garden, but the situation of which is not marked.) Each
of these ways have sewers or ditches on their sides ; from hence
is a sin_gle row of houses fronting the wall, tiering their bucks
to the Thames, and reaching nearly to the King's Barge-houses,
which arc extensive buildings. • East of the Barge-houses is a
plot of ground, called, "the Earle of Arundell's walke,"on part
of which the new church for the parish of Lambeth in the Wa-
terloo-road is now building. " Gravel-lane, leading to Saint
George's Fields,"
_ turns off in a south-easterly direction from
the null-pond, bounded on both its sides by sewers or streams
of water.
Saint George's Fields, before the settlement of the Ro-
mans, was with the rest of Southwark, as has been noticed,
a swamp, inundated by the Thames, and probably not inha-
bited until that people had fixed
themselves in England ;
after which it may be supposed that they improved it, banking
against the Thames, and by draining.
Most authors agree in opinion, that the space between Cam-
berwell hills, and the rising grounds at Deptford and Clapham,
and as high up as Lambeth, was originally a vast bay,
overflowed oy the tide, and at low water a sandy plain. The
account of Roman antiquities mentioned to have been disco-
vered here, leave indeed no doubt of this Dugdale, in the year
1656, saw (lug up in Southwark park, on sinking some cellars
for new buildings, a curious Roman tessellated pavement, as
well as coins and other remains, and abundance of others were
lately, discovered In making a new sewer in the neighbour-
hood. That the Romans had a station somewere hereabouts is
also the opinion of many antiquaries.
The part of this marshy ground, lying on the south and
west, and now forming the town of Lambeth, &e., if it
F did not partake in an equal degree of the improvements of
that people wits rendered habitable long before the reign
of the dinqueror, it being noticed in the Doomsday
Survey that there was then a church at Lambeth, and a
seat of the Countess Goda, sister to King Edward the
Confessor. it is not stated when the sewers were first
made to drain it, but various ancient commissions are remain-
ing for persons to survey the banks of the river here and in the
adjoining parishes; and to take measures-for repairing them,
and to impress such workmen as they should find- neces-
sary for that employment. In the view of London, 1560,
nearly the whole of the land between Lambeth and. Paris
Gardens appears open . country, a few trees and cottages
excepted.
St. Gorge's Fields remained nearly in this state, with only
a small increase of buildings, until of late years, fart being
common, and the residue enclosed and let for pasture.
Chequer Mead, Lamp Acre, the Chimney Sweepers, /old
other plots of ground are mentioned in the parish records
of St. Saviour, as anciently forming portions of the latter. The
open part, at the latter end of the sixteenth century and the
beginning of the seventeenth centuries, seems, like Moortields
and other unbuilt places near the metropolis, to have been ap.
propriated to the practice of archery. The only habitations
here then, as just observed, were a few scattered cottages, and
two or three houses of entertainment. The Dog and Duck,
within memory, of infamous notoriety, was one of these, and
probably received its name front the "Ducking Pond," which
it adjoined, and which was one of the stations at which Partin,
ment in the civil wars, had " a fort with four half bulwarks."
the moat whereof, with other remains, are described in De
Foe's Travels as existing in 1724,

Modern times, and the building of the two bridges of West.
minster and Illackfriars, first began to increase the value of
the ground hereabouts, to enlarge the-number of buildings on
it, and to bring it to its present state. It was long before a
proper mode of draining it was practised, and at times afford-
ed a scanty pasture for the cattle of those who occupied lands
that were out of the reach of the flood. This right of common
had been, from time to time, diminished by the erection of
buildings, but the value was esteemed so small, that rarely
any interruption was given to the encroachments. At length,
when great improvements were projected, the City, in 1810,
procured an Act for totally extinguishing the right of common

on this land. It states that the Lord Mayor and Common-
alty, &c., are Lords of the Manor of Southwark, and owners
of lands in St. George's Fields, within that manor, which lie
in small parcels dispersedly, containing about sixty-four acres;
that, in former times, right of' common was claimed and exer-
cised over the whole of the tract called St. George's Fields.—
That the whole except the highways, had long been built on or
inclosed, and no right of common had for many years been ex-
ercised or claimed, by reason that, from local circumstances,
the same was of no value to the persons entitled thereto ; it
therefore enacted that all such rights should be extinguished.
But if any person shall make it appear that he has suffered-
damage by such extinguishment, satisfaction shall be made
him. .
