RUSSIA.

more
to his
away ?
life is r
Horne
home
our house,
go, but
neck and
with
interfered
Soon - -
her throat
hi- knees
with wi
alarm
I thin'.
sure Hi
believe
spirits
Thai
the deo
about
came
house,
Stokes',
go home with him, but she refused. I turned round and
saw my brother and his wife fall together, but did not Ste
how tie wounds were given. I think he never had any
occasion to complain of his wife.
Horne, wife of the last witness, examined—
About the middle of the day, yesterday, I went with my
husband into John Horne's house, at Abthorpe; and we
drank tea together. After tea ray brother left, but soon
returned, and we all went to Stokes's house. My brother
asked me to lock his door, and he tried to persuade his wife
en go home and he would use her well. William Stokes
ihaol lighted a candle, and we were all going together,
when I beard a scuffle, and deceased cried out " Oh !"
hate the blood flow from her as she fell, with the child in
her arms. There was blood also from my brother's neck,
but I don't kriow how the wounds were given.
Mr. Parker, surgeon, of Towcester, was then swore,
and deposed as follows-1 was called on Tuesday last, the
?9th inst. I arrived at the house in about 20 minutes,
and found Ann Horne stretched upon the floor, quite dead.
She must have been dead half an hour before I saw her.
Upon examination I found a very extensive wound in the
throat ; it must have been six-inches in length,- and up-
wards of an inch in depth. The oesophagus, tracher, and
carotid arteries were completely divided, and, doubtless,
instant death must have ensued. I afterwards directed
my attention to John Horne, who was supported in a
sitting posture, with his head reclining upon the knees of
came person in the room, and to all appearance he was
lifeless, Upon examination, however, I found that the
trachea had not been injured, and that he was still breath-
ing, with great difficulty. After securing the bleeding
,vessels, I next had the man placed on• a mattress, and
piade use of stimulating application, until re-action came
np,. He soon afterwards became perfectly sensible, and
remains so up to the present time. Ido not think it
likely the man can live many days, though recovery is not
impossible.
After the witnesses had been examined, the Jury again
went to the house where Horne and the body of his wife
were lying.
We were present during this interview, and Horne ap-
peared to he entirely unmoved at the dreadful catastrophe,
of which be was the wretched author. His wife appeared
to have been, when alive, rather a gtiodslooking young
woman ; and independently of the wound, the features ex-
hibited in death a, remarkably placid appearance. The
wretched man seemed to be about twenty-seven years of
age, and the deceased was three or four years younger.
The Jury, after a few minutes' deliberation, returned a
verdict of Wilful Murder," against John Horne.
Immediately on Horne's recovery lie will be removed to
the gaol of this county, to take his trial at the next Assizes.
FRIDAY (YESTERDAY) AFTERNOON, 5 O'CLOCK.
The murderer is getting better of his wounds,*and has
all the symptoms of recovering.
The body of the unfortunate wife was interred, attended
by a numerous concourse of spectators, this after noon, in
the churchyard.
The murderer, it is expected, will be removed to tl e
county gaol in the beginning of next week.
The calendar at the Assizes will be a catalogue of heavy
crimes indeed.

Several of our contemporaries have lately published ac-
counts of the military forces of Russia, which are erro-
neous; we therefore extract the following statements from
a note, communicated by M. Hunt, continuator of the
work of the celebrated Maltebrun, entitled Precis de
Geographic Universelle. They. are taken from vol. 6
of the new edition of that work, which will shortly ap-
pear. It has bt en said that recruiting in Russia was con-
fined to slaves or serfs. This is an error, arising out of
the fact that foreigners vikiting Russia often confound do.
mestic slavery—to which 1,500,000 males are subject.:—
with political slavery, which comprehends 14,000,000 of
peasants of both sexes, subject to an annual tax to the
land-owners to whom they belong. These peasants, with
those belonging to the Crown, form a population of
15,180,000 individuals. It is a very important fact to
know that Russia, looked upon as a country of serfs, com-
prises in her European dominions, exclusively of the king-
dom of Poland, above 20,000,000 of free individuals, as
will be shown by the following statement :

1. Clergy, nobility, and retired soldiersynot subject to
taxes 1,250,000
2. Burgesses, Odnow•ortses, freed peasants,
3. In the Baltic provinces, except the- government of
St. Petersburgh, which contains serfs, the number
of free individuals in 1t was ";700,000
Total of the free populatien...... ......... 6,000,000
Tenants of State domains, who may be regarded as
quite free 13,500,0 0

There remain 666. ,000
Add to this number the officers of all ranks 20,000

Thug the effective force for 1532 amounts to 6.,6,000
—Galignani's Messenger.

EAST INDIA PAPERS.

(From the East India Gazette.)

The Bombay Gazette states that a letter has been re-
ceived there from Persia, which announces that Prince
Abbas 3liizt has ordered 30,000 men to march upon
Herat, and that this movement is only preparatory to an
advance upon India in conjunction with Russia. The
march on Herat is conformable with previous information,
but that any hostile measure is at present contemplated
against India we do not believe. The next general war in
Europe in which England and Russia will take opposite
sides will be the signal for the invasion of India, and then
Russia will find the advantage of the feelers she is now
putting forth—the posts she is now securing.—Sept. 11.

I my staff and said I would have biro confined if he Tao,
of the
population to be considered as quite free .0 4
wt be quiet, which he promised. The next ol"ning To theseny.biradded the tenants of the Irnperial Fa- ' B°'."
leceased wept to a magistrate for a warrsnr, which else' roily anti of private individuals,. a class which is not
zi,t to me, signed by the Rev. Mr. Fawcett. I then entirely tree, but not in a state of slavery 15,190,000
into Horne's house. and told him I had a warrant for Total ofthe indliduais to be distinguished from the---
; soon after he calla(' his wife a stinking ' . 1 -serfs ............ ................ . ......... ..- ..... .....—.... :1:4566,000
him he must support his wife. Its-the evening I. was it recrtsiting in Russia were confined to the serfs, it
for again, and Horne said he wanted his wife tneleep would be very inconsiderable ; but it applies to all artisans
and pees:tots married or single,.. under forty years of
him ; deceased, however, went to deep at William
age.Muteover,. in time of war, a levy of from 80,000
se's house. Horne was perfectly sensible at the time,
enerally he was of a very violent temper.
to 100;000- mesa, effected at the rate of two individuals
' - •
iillis Stokes, wife of William Stokes, examined—On out of 560 mho, would extend, throu*hout the empire, 1
fa a population of from 20,000,000 -an 25,000;000 of in-
ay, deceased, Ann Horne,' tame int. our Louse And'
dividuale. It is true that in time of peace these levi.s,
out "Murder." I then vies into Horne's,aturiiaid,
"Lich, at the utprost, take place only once in three years,
• God's sake, John, don't d055...7:1w conterato,.aretiet
ome in;" lent he replied.."Nn, -t—.-• hera i'tleCtirine, require but .otr man 0nt,0f..,100; it is trans, also, that
hithrto_ the ceinwophiiVe not been enbject ta the-101, but
I run her through with the knife," whist" he' took
tisOrtinnetely a. greater•number of men ;--takt.
the table. I returned home aratiolePtWdefk -
was then at my house, lestAe ' ' '-,
what bet' -d
be remembered, that' by an ukase of June "5.
etched Hustles, the constakle4dlennteasn 4132, illey -tire, friers January 1, 1833, to furnieK five
that day. The next morning Horne i 0 401. i
, . , ow. own out of every 1,000. If is erroneotisto.atal, that the
-.. =
snd_said to tie wife (.w __*,,,. . „Jul,. Jews established in the Polish provinceeare not subject
....lea -- .ve Tess -1ii111,i.544411_ youit ../iii"l.o ,• • ` wn.,- This privilege-they =were deprived' of seven
n deceased answered " I dire net:" Illkweasulji-o, years ago. -,. The-- Jewg—fatutishiat *ldlers is a fact wor-
ink better of it, and Horne replied, "She shall neve— 'a.. ef-seersarkeseir it -is' a' step ,- Made by the Russian
to my doors again." I)eceased then ' went borne and` Chtivatletkengawsidt-enequatity-atf.uharletta, ~ The time
awry some of her wearing apparel. I heard nothing- of i!erv,icay lat,-4bas., troops of the line is 22 years, and
of him till Monday night, anti then heard Horuessav rnr thi privileged—ern-pa lifzi#e &seal 20. Soldiers
4 wife, ~ Madam, do you mean to fetch your.abings, in Russia are considered as R'fta,,_ and are so indeed,
?" and she said " No." thistle thensout,„ sc year ae s.non'as they obtain'j t-h-ar-atocha.,,A.t Wbat....lasse'lieeri
short." About five o'clock last rsisba,,low, 401,4 said of tthe-nlilliarq cohmiee is ;neitlntelirtfir-;-17.47-iiiiice
e corQe.froro his work. His wife__ wits,,iimiag
,41 the late flislearieseeee to these establishments, their destine-
with iter.ebjldten. Deceased. avas atterieptede. at firm has been entire) :changed. __:,f,fie governments which
ouse, when fforne csrose..amt tried to pieaciate%hee, t,,, ~ weec at rum tirap fed them are meat nothing more than
ut she would not. Het.hen puilits''esettielas.i ' fit47oofttelat ' . The whole of the'Russian army ha,
: Ge*p,. 1-cark4l.lo.,consist of 449,720 men. Thie statement is
and used coaxing meani--but she refused nignieitte
him. Hr then pulled hor .ut of the Chair, and I - Ytry. ingottipkte. The following is an accdnut of the
ered and said, "John, you shell not have her." -'4‘l" cf. the Russian army towards the end of the year
after I gut up end whiliesivrbark was turned he eat 1832 :--the levies of 182'7 and 1828 carried the alley to
,rout in an instant. -Sheissaht; “Oh ! " and he fell on
.2MrlOO men. By ,dding the reserve of 150.000 men,
Deem by
the
vide
of her. I cioh.l not ~,,e oe we.pon, deuced on Autoset 22, 1826, it would have amounted in
1,020,000 itien. but for- sickness, and the wars
which he cut her throat. I immerfiative_ the 1880_ to
of murder, and several person, came to oar keuxe. egainst Turkey and Poland, which absorbed more than
ik the oeceased Was a good woman, and lam quite the levies made since 1827. The following, taken from
Flom hail no occasion to be jealous of her I du no authentic documents, was the effective force of the Russian
. t
e Horne was of unsound mind, or had lowness oe army in 1832:
Men.
. at any time, hut was of a verv.violent temper. 19 Divisions of Cavalry, of 4 regiments each 76,000
omas Herne, brother of John Horne, the husband of :35 Divisions of Infantry, of 6 regiments each 630,000
~ee,,,,,,i, examined—l called at my brother's house 105 Battalions of Foot Artillery • .-...
ns Ditto of Horse Artillery, with
the middle of the day yesterday. About 4. o'clock I 1,736 pieces of cannon... ..... ... ......
home with him. My wife-came front Stokes's
and we all drank tea together. I then went into Total, including the Guard 740,000
then defectstratii whichtlis numberprevail
But, in consequence
e's. My brother was: there, and wanted his wife to in the MilitauerynceAcdimf,
me with him, but she refused. I turned round and should be reduced by one-tenth 74,000
