they relied upon the support of the Gentlemen of that Tlouse,'
who generally, not to say constantly, voted for them. Year
'After year had passed.; outrage of every description had taken
place; and now, in the year'lB23, when the Insurrection Act
was proposed, as it had been proposed again and again, they
were told that Inquiry was not proper, and principally, because
etc Session was too far advanced. He should warmly support
the motion of the Hon. Baronet.
• Mr. ROBERTSON said, the people of Ireland could not
but be disgusted, when they knew that such an Inquiry as the
resent was proposed, in a House consisting of less than 40
Members ; such was the little interest which that House took
in Irish affairs. The people of that country were discontented,
but how could they be otherwise ? Much was said abouttthe
Concession% which had been made to them; but were not these
concessions actually wrung from the Government upon every
oCcitsion ? The peasantry were at that moment in a state of
slavery not less than that of the Helots of Ancient History.-
4very boasted concession had been made when the Govern-
ment
were under apprehensions occasioned by defeats abroad.:
t:oncession had had no good efibet,. because every concession
hid been made in fear. The Irish people would ,never
• thankful unless they were satisfied that concessions was made
-from feelings of good-will. Such -a concession once made, Ile
eras satisfied that, in two months, there would be no such
thing as an insurrection in Ireland.--(hear, hear !)—Let
them restore an equal administration of law, and peace would
follow. Much stress had been laid on the nonresidence of
,people in Ireland ; but how could men of property consent to
spend their time in the midst of conflicting parties, and the
icontentions of animosity. Make home comfortable, and people
would never leave it. Obedience was always supposed to im-
ply protection ; but protection the Catholics had never receiv.
ed. It was necessary for Government to turn over a new leaf
in the management of the Irish, and instead of voting the In.
turrection Act, it was their duty to commence equal law to
Catholics and' Protestants. To insure the Catholic Hierarchy
in the interests of Government, it would be well to give them
a stipend, at the same time enacting a veto on their nomina-
tion. He wished particularly to impress on the House that,
without conciliation, the bayonet would not do for the Catholics
of Ireland. He should prefer a Commission being sent to Ire.
land, to the Secret Committee, proposed. By that means, they
would have full information to legislate upon next year. This
was a question for ell parties, and he hoped the English Gen-
tlemen would take it up.
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON supported the motion of the
Honourable Baronet. He was surprised that the Secretary for
Ireland should offer the lateness of the Session as art argu.
merit against the motion of his Hon. Friend. This was the
answer which each of his predecessors had given to all similar
motions in that House. But it was to be observed that the
evils of Ireland were of sudden growth, and demanded im-
mediate attention. No one could say that that country would
not be in open rebellion in three weeks. But it would be
im-
possible to do any thing effectual to Ireland without an united
Cabinet. _

14iJSANKES supported the original motion. Whateverul.
timate remedy it might be proper for them to apply to the per-
manent evils of Ireland, it was obvious, lie contended, that their
present duty was to put down the insubordination which had
lately burst out. To the Union he thought many of the wrongs
of Ireland were attributable. It had taken from that unfortu.
nate country all the resident gentry ; and, having been no friend
to that measure when it was accomplished, he had never ceased
to regret it since. •
Mr. R. MARTIN assured his Hon. Friend (Sir H. Par-
nell), that if he thought the success of his motion would not do
mischief to Ireland, he would support him. But such a mo..
tion being coupled with the Insurrection Act, became nega.
• t iVed as to any value it could possibly possess. The.only way
of doing good to Ireland, it was generally admitted was, to
give emplOyment to the poor of that country. On that subject
a ComMittee was at present sitting, but its labours were
so multifarious, that he was sorry it had not sooner been
.appointed. As to the Catholics, he believed they were as
•equally promoted in Ireland as the Protestants ; and as for
CatholiC Emancipation being available to put down the rebel.
lion, it was no such ' thing. If the lion. Member for Gram.
pound (Mr. Robertson) were to be sent Ambassador by the
Han. Gentleman opposite to the rebels of Munster, to desire
they would lay down their arms, because that House speed to
allow some dozen Catholics to participate in the Legislation,
he would tell them what would happen :—Captain Rock would
order his head to be cut off, and one section of his body sent to
the Gallant Colonel, and another to the Hon. Baronet oppo.
site —(A laugh.)
Mr. S. RICE supported the original motion, being satisfied
that it was too late now to institute any inquiry. They must
,make their way through the present distractions of Ireland be-
fore any remedy of permanent application could be avail le.--
He wished to call the attention of the Right Hon. GentTermin
to the state of the county of Galway. In that county the ap-
plication of the ancient laws had been found sufficient to pre.
*era disturbance. They had to discover where justice might
be done, and put down the spirit of party. He supported the
ma*. -
Mr. D. BROW NE conceived the troubles in the North of Ire.
land to be occasioned by a conspiracy among a pauper popo•
lotion against Protestants. He thought the Insurrectiou Act
• ought to be enforced.
Sir J. NEWPORT complained that Insurrection Acts had
been passed to coerce Ireland ; but inquiry into the state of
that unfortunate country had been always delayed. In 181 d
Lord Grenville said, every person inhabiting the soil of Ire.
had a right to demand redress. When thee Consented to
the Union, the Government were bOund in ditty to God and
rain to provide for the happiness of that country.' Such were
the wards of his Noble Friend ; and who, with experience of
• ttvistifFerings of Ireland, would say inquiry into the miseries of
the people ought to be'defetred. An Hon. Member had stated,
that the misery of a part of Ireland was occasioned by a con.
spiracy among a pauper population ; who made them pau-
rrs p They hail been governed by division, and at last it was
impossible to govern without an Insurrection Act. Such Acts
however, would be less efficacious every succeeding year.—
A Government which governed only by force would not be
endured under the present circumstances, he considered it a
great evil to have the Insurrection Act. It was impossible
to say there 'was not sonic great defect in the Government of
Peland.

Mr. Secretary PEEL said there were two propositions before
the House : one was for the renewal of the Insurrection Act ;
tke other was for a Committee to inquire into the state of Ire-
land. No one had said the insurrection Act should not be
adopted. It was not considered a cure for the troubles of Ire-
land, hilt a temporary measure rendered necessary by passing
events. The lion. Baronet had moved for a Committee to in-
quire into causes and disturbances in Ireland. Ile might ask
whether it was possible to get through such inquiry in the course
of a Session. Its order to make the inquiry useful they must
go into the subject of finance, and if so could it be possible
get ,through the inquiry in three months. Education was
annther subject. On a former occasion the inquiry respect-
education produeedfourteen reports in the course of seven
years. As to' the remote causes of the calamities of Ireland,
they must go back 1,000 years at least. To attempt to find
arfadequate cause for the present evils of Ireland, would be
' beyond the ingenuity of man. Last session the subjects of 11.
licit distillation and tithes, were urged as the causes of dia.
. treits. This Session measures had been introduced to obviate
those difficulties ; yet Honourable Members for Ireland turned
-roUnti and" declared the mature respecting illicit distilla-
tion,' injurious to the Distillers of Ireland. Ile should only
remind die House that the real question was, whether on
the 24th of June they ought to commence inquiry into the
'firtunce and education of Ireland ? Ile considered it no other
.than a mockery to talk of such inquiry at so late a period of the
Sesiion.
Mr. IVILLTA 31 SMITH said, .4 similar motion was made
on thd'24th of 3lay.--(A cry of " No, no.")—lt appeared to
l; ha. extraordinary that tlia-un port aneo of the subject should he
u Ted as an excuse for inquiry. The arguments he had heard
af,abist inquiry he considered no better than dust thrown in the
rjcs of.all Who wished to see their way into the real state of Ire-
How could they expect the people of Ireland to remain
:tranquil, whilst the religion of 1,000,000 was protected, and
the religion of 6,0000 neglected. If King William had es-
tiirlishtstio Enearid any other religion than the Protestanistn,
elepeepletnever viciultl have been quiet until they established
thaw awn. 'There was a respect and veneration, for religion
which rose above all laws. lie considered inquiry absolutely
u!s.easary. The renevial of the Insurrection Act might be expe.
tlient, but many reasons could.be,urged in favour of inquiry.
Mr. DENMAN wished to say for one, he should not give
his went to the Insurrection Bill. He protested against it.
Ho made this declaration to do away the impression which
sealed to be made, namely, that the Imurrection Bill should
have the. general support of the 'louse. ~"
Mr. Secretarr,PEEL eanlained.
Sir 11. PARNELL said, he was so convinced that Inquiry
wit; necessary, that ho should take the sense of the House on
the_question.
The MUM: then divided--
Forthe second Reading
For the Appointment of the Committee - 39
Majority fur the second Reading . —49
The Bill was read a second time, and committed for this day.
The LORD ADVOCATE postponed the third reading of
the Scotch Commissary Bill till Monday.
The other Orders of the Day were then" disposed of, and the
House adjourned at a qUAIITEIL-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.

On Monday the Lords of the Council assem.
bled at the Council' Office, Whitehall, to hear
French apnea's.
