gust Ally;" were occupied; raid Witter totitribtitioti/
and finally compelled' to ddopt measures against our

Commerce evidently destrnetive of.their dearest in-
terests'_ What is yet moreextraordinary, he forgot
that CATUARINE and PAUL (SYhOSe' GLORIOUS 'ME-
MORY 13uotr4,PAit.rfs, with feelings of the' most u ntle
signing tenderness, •has prevailed on him to -cele-,
.biate) left him -rid inconsiderable portion of territory,
obtained by means which, if Ime had fortunately re-
collected -them; might Dave abated his virtuous in-
dignation, and rendered his assertion somewhat"
more 'than problematical

Dismissing, therefore, the immaterial part of the
beC6ration'from our thoughts, and recurring once
more to the opening paragraphs, we cannot avoid
observing, that lithe present Ministers had had the
address to bribe Russia to publish a manifesto, for the.
leurpose of justifying themselves, and accusing their
:iminediate predecessors on the most just and tenable
grounds,:t hey could have wished' for nothing better
adapted to; their views than the paper befOre
Prejudiee itselt.must be convinced by it, that the
folly, (we speak tenderly, for Wry alone, perhaps,
is unequal to the production of *such exquisite mis-
chief), the folly, we say, of the late Administra-
tion in abandoning the Continent, completely
alienated" the friendship of the Emperor of Russia,
drove him into the arms of our implacable Enemy,
andfurnished a plea for the adoption of measures of
the most. fatal tendency to the political existence Of
Great Britain. A new Marine Confederacy was
organizedin the bosom of the Baltic, which, in the
course of the ensuing spring, would put BUONA..
PARTE in possession of fifty Sail of the l.finei n:forcn.
that would have required more than half the Navy
of England to watehindzonnteraifit it !

Thus it appears from the avowal of. the, Emperor
of Russia, and the fairest construOion ,the State
Paper before us, that all the evil was produced by'
the late Ministers; and the indignation, and .
all the charges against the present, amount to
nothing more than that their prudence, promptitude -
and vigour have aVerted,the impending ruin of their-
Country,, byfruwatingperniciou3 plan, to which.
the bad faith and imbecility of their predecessors bad.
given birth. Greater and juster claims to the‘gra-
titude of a Nation cannot be advanced; and, as fir
as we are enabled to judge,, those claims, and th.lL
gratitude are allowed and awarded. -;

Yes; for we cannot' repeat it too often, nor press
it too strongly on the notice of our Readers, the
Armed Neutrality, which, in the language of Buo-
xitrre, means the most determined hostility, was
stipulated by • the Secret 'Articles of the Treaty of
Tilsit. Denmark, aS 'once before, tuthed madly
into dist, crontederacy Sweden was not thought
capable of resistance ; and. Russia, besides tender-
ing all her naval forces at Cronstadt, recalled her
Fleet from the bardooelles, and left the
Black:Sea (the objest .of her fondest solicitude) at
the mercy of the Porte : so tierce Was her enmity,'
so abject her slavery, or so blind her terror!

But if Ministers knew this, why did they not an.,
ticipate the &Signs of Russia", and commence
? That they knew all this, and More, the Ex-
pedition to Denmark triumphantly proves : but they
also knew that ALEXANCIEIt acted under impreisions
madeou hint by the most ariftil and wicked of ,hu..
rn4n beings, at a distance from his capital, apart.
,from his grayest and most ,faithful Counsellors, and
.surrounded.by Intriguers, Spies, and trien,of blood
they might, therefore, indulge a reasonable biTe.
that, on his escape from BixotiAPARTE, his integrity,'
which had been -perverted, but not irremediably cor-
rupted, might be revived ; and the voice of his true
friends induce him to,take tho interest. of his people
into. his sobz:r consideration, and adopt sounder
raensutes and more salutary councils,

This, hbw.over, though they might, and perhaps
did expeet it, had no benumbing elicit on their
condat t while they wished to engage the EMperor's
friendship, they took itiedual means to disable
,his;
enmity ; and, having sequiod the powerful Navy of.
Copenhagen, on which the hopes of the ContWera,,
don chiefly: reited, Waited with calm dignify..for.
that result, which, a sense of justice, if not a
eon,cienshess of his ,inability to injure, might'
and shOuld have Produced. It :is more
probable that this would aanally have heon the,
case; if. BooxAr.tirra, timely apprehensive of it,
lied not environed the 'Emperor with - his own
cremures, made.him a clo'se prisoner in the capital
of his Empire,..and by it perpetuld recurrence to the
arguMents which produced the Treaty -of.Til it,
impelled him to surrender' his feelings, and sacri-
fice the best interests of his People to. the insatiablo
rancour of the common pest of mankind,

It is thus thar.A.dininistration find themselves in-
volved by the coudticit of their predecesiors, in all
'he difficulties of a protracted and universal War :
for no one can suppose that Austria will be permit-
ted to enjoy lier neutrality ; and every post ,testy. be
expeeted to tiring accounts of her releaant, Kees-
;ion. to this hopeful Coniederacy. What compbihts
