.TIIE Ir.A.LIAN OPERAS

The apprehensions which were at one time
entertained, that the Musical ,World would be
deprived of the Italian Opera for the. approach-
ing season have vanished. A Committee of
Noblemen have undertaken. to Superinteld the
management of the general concern..; 'Mr.EnEas,
of Bond-street, (who is understood to have made
large .pecuniary advances for the purpose of
meeting the necessary expenditure) undertakes,
it is said, the stage management and the musi-
cal department is under the direction of Mr.
AYRTON.. The following inrormation is extracted
from the, particulars of sale lately. circolated :
" The interior of the theatre, appropriated for
the accommodation of the audience,. consists of
four principal tiers of boxes, a ;very large area or
pit, and gallery. In each of the tiers of boxes,
there are forty-three boxes, making altogether
one hnndred and seventy-two, of which sixty-
eight are, and will continue till, 'the . year
.11325, private and distinct property ; leaving one
hundred and four.. for the use and support of the
'Opera establishment, by being let from, !season
to season, at such rate of subscription as can be
'obtained, and which has been generally, regu-
lated and fixed by the expenses incident to
the establishment. The subscription, for the three
last .seasons, was fixed at :Mt. for each of the
subscription boxes in the three lower tiors,• and
which together
.are eighty in fintriber.. In the
second tier,
,np stairs, there are tw,mty-faiir re-
served for the establishment, whiCh have. been
let at 2001.. There are also twenty-five boxes in
the tier adjoining the gallerY;'which -have been
let for, 3001. each the sealoti. Th(i' money re-
ceived for. the admission to pit unit gallery,
the: money, arising from 'Vetting- the -theatre
and concert-room, tias..y4ried frol4 10 t0,1'2,0001.
per season." • • •

THE LONDO:i JOURNALS.

ffiIAILY EXTR?i.CTS FRONI THE MORNING PAPERS.;

[Morning Chronicle.]
Pritthe Cimitelli, Ambassador from the Con 7
stitutional 'Government of Naples at this Court,
but who, from the impolicy of Ministers, has not
had an. aidience of.his Majesty, yesterday receiv-
ed 'a letter from the King of Naples, written by
his own hand, requiring his immediate attend-
ance at Laybach, to assist him in the conferences
he has to endure with the despotic Sovereigns
there a,sembled. The Prince sets out on .the
journey forthv, ith.

The Lisbon Mail that was missing arrived on
Saturday, having been landed at Cork from the
Duke of _Kent packet. She sailed twelve days
earlier than the one which arrived on Thursday,
ce7.--e.sequently all the hews she brings has already
been anticipated. The interval of a day has,
however, enabled us attentively to peruse the
es of Lisbon Papers we have received, and in
tracing the progress made in the organization of
the new. Government and political regeneration,
pc:thing has aaorded us more pleasure than to see
the beneficial effects of the wonder-working
press. The Portuguese are like a people who
have hitherto been deprived of speech, but this
being restored to them, they seem resolved to
make up for the long silence imposed upon them.
Every packet brings over new papers, started in
the'cause offreedom, and in support of constitu-
tional rights. All are read with surprising avi-
dity, and hence this powerful engine has roused
and united the interior, put the people on their
guard, and prepared them for every attempt that
may be undertaken against them. The late elec-
tions had presented to the people of Portugal
scenes so novel and at the same time so interest-.
•ing, that every body took part in them, seem-
ingly anxious only that the best men might be
returned. The papers before us are filled with
festivities and rejoicings on this occasion from
every part of the country. An academy for teaching.
of short-hand had been opened in Lisbon for the
purpose of training up reporters of public de-
hates, &c. A literary and political society had
also been established, and orders sent to this'
country for a regular supply of journals, pamph-
lets, &c. The nomination of Deputies had al-1
ready had the influence in Lisbon of raising the
value of the G overnment Paper. The public
receipts and expenditure are now regularly pub-
.llshed, a thing totally unknown under the
ar:::en regime, and exhibit a great irnprove-
meat in the finances. From the accounts before
Lis it would seem that when the new Governrpent
toe% charge of the Treasury Department, there
were in it about 50,000 crusades, and at this
time many months of arrears were due to the
army as well as to the great body of public func-
tionaries. All these arrears have been subse-
quently paid off, the pay, &c. to the troops regu-
larly- continued, and we ,notice, that when the
balance was struck in November, that-is little
more than two months since the new order of
things had been established, there was about a
million of cruzados left in the hands of the Trea-
surer, , without a single new tax or contribution
having been' levied on the people. This fact
alone speaks more than volumes could do in fa-
vour of the recent changes in Poitueal. We
shall only ad,l, what a contrast this with the ex-
isting state of things in the Brazils !—(lbid.)

['Morning iferald.]
The German Papers give some intimation of
the temper and pretensions of Austria, and the
Northern Powers. The Vienna Journals are
- under the control of the Government, and thus
have a demi.-official character, which commits the
Ministers.—Now, from these we learn that a
sine qua-Armin the negotiations is the demolition
of-the political institutions of Naples—that is, of
the Spanish Constitution—and further, that should
Naples consent, 'or be reduced to this disas-
trous- and ignominious alternative, 46 the Austrian
army of observation will occupy the fortress
of the Kingdom of Naples for five
.or six years,"
'and further, that 64 the Northern PoWers are
perfectly agreed on this measure, as necessary to
the security of all Italy." We have not the
highest confidence ;n the martial and national
spirit of . the Neapolitans. -But still, when it is
recollected how much of mere machinery there
is inthe great game of battle, depending not up,
on the masses of men, taken individually, but,
upon the chiefs—when it is recollected that
Naples possesses individuals possessing courage,
firmness, talents—hen it is recollected, that
-not only th-e.se Chiefs, but a large portion of the
population, is not merely threatened with slavery,
but with the retributive vengeance of tyranny
upon imputed-rebeilion,--e,whea we take these,
circawasta44ces.into account,. we_ cannot .think that
the Neapolitans will yield without an'appeal to
the 'God of Armies." On the other hand, the ,
Sovereigns have so committed themselves, parti-
cularly the Austrians, by their official and der i.=
official declarations, that they can hardly retreat
without derision. But what isit, against which the
'd i ctators of Europe are waging this pOrtentous ward
Is it Jacobinism ?. Where is there a trace of Ja-
- coblnisrn,•properlsy so called ? E.:iertin Naples,
where the antecedent charaCter of the peoPle
might cause some alarm, the excesses were cOrn-
• paratively trifling, and promptly suppressed.
The throne was respeeted3—the. King personalty
treated with respect and affection.e--Persons of
different parties—the adherents of Murate-ethose
of -Ferdinand=clergy and laity-----people and no-
bility—all seem to -have laid- aSide.:their.mutiial
jealousies and various vie.ws: to .CO,Operate in thfl
.
avork of establishing a representat Constilittione
In Spain, the proof of i4.e.Rous:ia';.o sage spirit
which actuates the popular. mind, :is, Still more
striking. -For three or four years biKike its ac-
tual occurrence, a revoldtionwas anticipated in
that cotintrty ; and- fartherit was;: supposed, that
such revelkiticitk—would be effected .in a cOncluf;
asion. NkTer.4d.there appear more provocations
- to reantlve fry 4d revenge. A people who had
theroically2.,,acktieved the .rogeneration of their
.countrhikit,d„Ole res'c4:e of:their King, nugrate-
fully,.o,ooreacb s;r4.i4Slr,rePluttged into slavery;

—contemned,---dishonoured,--the men who de-
fended their country, bleeding upon the scaffold,.
or groaning in dungeons, or languishing on a fo.-
reign shore. Yet has the Spanish revolution pro-
duced•no reaction—no vengeance—no, not even
the fair severity of retributive justice. Patriot
Chiefs who had served in council, and in the field,
forget their wrongs, speak to, and of, the King
in the language of affection and decorum ; and
Deputies just returned from exile or from the gal-
lies, preach and practice oblivion of the past,
even towards the servile traitors of 1814. And
it is to put down a tendency to political improve-
ment so enlightened, so rational, so beneficent,
that the Sovereigns are resolved to plunge Eu-
rope once more into the horrors of a war.

. [British Press.]
During the last
.week the Quarter Sessions of
the Magistrates were held' in the several counties
of England, and advantage was in some instances
taken by the partisans of Ministers to pervert
the meetings of the Magistrates to the purposes
of faction, by inducing them to sign addresses
and declarations convicting the great body of the
people of the dreadful crimes of sedition and blas-
phemy. Now if any of these worthy Gentlemen,
or of those who submitted the declarations for
their signatures, were aware of any acts of sedition
or blasphemy,it behoved them not to tell the ling'
of their discovery, but to present the circum-
stances of. the case to the Grand Juries in their
counties respectively, and cause the laws, which
they are bound to administer, to vindicate their
outraged majesty upon the guilty heads of the
traitors and blasphemers. Their addresses might
then, at least, appear to be justified by their ac-
tual knowledge, and have the merit of being
founded in the semblance of truth. But hoW
stand the facts ? The.calendars,.so far as they have
come to out knowledge, exhibit no charges for se-
dition or blasphemy ; the cases of libel are unusu-
ally few,; so that the Courts of Justice, from which
principally a fair estimate of:the moral character
of the Country can be drawn, condemn by their
silence the gratuitous calumnies that are heaped
upon the people.—From the Magistracy we
should exrect other matters.' for -when the Grand
Juries avow no knowledge of the crimes imputed,
it does not become the Judges .to assume their
functions, and hurl general charges against whole
bodies of the people.

[Morning Post.l

It is plain thit the Whigs will not suffer the
irritation, which unhappily prevails in this coun-
try, to subside. They seem determined to make
it auxiliary. to the advancement of some project
of their own. That project may be the result of
calm and cool deliberation ;- and • yet it may- be
utterly inconsistent with those . great interests,
which it becomes every.man having a stake in the.
country to maintain. It is his duty for example
to preserve public tranquillity, to see the laWs
obeyed, and to inspire_ the utmost reverence for
our civil and religious institutions. The Whigs.
to judge from- the .tenor of their conduct, seem to
think that it would be highly beneficial at this
time to substitute other sentiments in the breasts
of the people. It is a difficult task to manage,
though a comparatively easy one to excite,- popu-
lar discontent ; and- the instigators of it, instead
ofco ntrouling the storm at pleasure, perceive,
when it is too late, that they have over-rated their'
power. It is possible that the designs of the Whigs
are most honest, yet they may be extremely mis-
chievous in practice; and, so far from improving
the condition of the country, they•might he the
means of consigning it to the'worst of all evils,
anarchy and a mob-government. The aristo-
•cratic reformers in ,France,' at the 'commence-
ment of her sanguinary and desolating revolu-
tion,• had, at the -least, as patriotic views as
great popularity, and as distinguished abilities has
the Whigs have -in our time l *Yet they expe-
rienced to their cost; that a • nation, when
it.throws off the, reins .of authority, human and
divine, does not follow prudent and honest
guides,
_but the boldest and .rtrost Worthless.
It is to be hoped that" the wealthy . and titled
friends to reform in Britain will not receive
the same practical lesson ; though it must 'be
admitted that their conduct is directly lead-
ing to it. They have thought it their duty to
head the late Meetings held in different .parts
of the country. If they had not seats in the
Legislature, from which they could-..freely and
fearlessly express their opinions upon every poli-
tical topic, the example •would be scarcely en-
titled to serious animadversion. But in consti
tuting themselves leaders of popular assemblies,
they seem to say that their .Parliamentary privi-
leges are inadequate to the crisis,.and that means
the most violent must be resorted to for the pur-
pose of rousing the country. • The act is a broad
impeachment of the efficacy of Parliaments, as
at. present constituted ; and a recommendation
LO the people at large-to take the discussion and
decision of their affairs into their own hands.
Their conduct, to be reconcileable to common
sense, will bear no other construction ; and we
enust. infer that it is the conviction of the Whigs,
that the times require extraordinary measures.
It must be. an extreme case in polities that re-'
quires violent remedies. The .resuhs are so un-
certain that a .great and 'honest, mind never
even thinks of. applying them, until every. other
.:Chance of cure has vanished. The meetings
we.ha-ve alluded toi When they are frequent-
ly sand • generally held, have .a :most intern.
perate.character. As soon as men of high rank
take. the lead in them, the danger to the public
peace and tranquillity is imminent. Their con-
duct tells the people broadly, that they must rely
.on themselves for redress, and that they - have
leaders ready and willing to direct their efforts.
This,,aloile would constitute a sufficient cause -of
-4inger ; but the-evil -does not rest here e for the
Government is compelled to have recourse to coun-
teracting means, and the cause of rational liberty is
certain to suffer iu the struggle. W'h.en eminent
men .aim at. undue popularity, the best interests
of civil society 'are endangered : for. they either
excite a tenipest which tears- the State to pieces,
or force the adoption of the most rigorous and
jealous. means of prevention upon the- rulers. We
hope, . therafore, that the frken.ds. of good govern-
; meut will exert themselves to the utmost; at this

crisis 2 to preserve in all their integrity the ineg-
litnable blessings of the Constitution, from the
rage of faction on the one side, and the necessity
of increased power on the other.

' [The Public Ledger.]
According to an article from Vienna, the con-
duct of the Neapolitan Parliament in adhering to
the Spanish Constitatisq _had partly destroyed
the hopes which 'had been entertained• there of
the pacific result of the intended Congress at
Lay bach. Advices from Trieste represent Sicily
to be far from tranquil, and the capital to be the
very focus of discontent. The liberty of the
press is extinguished.' and the Post-office is con-
verted into a vehicle for the detection of those who
are imprudent enough to notice passing events.
The mode of conducting the -Electiohs renders
them a mere farce ; of 6,000 Elector.„ only
about 200 Neapolitan Placemen voted ; the
placards were pulled down as soon as posted, atrtl
the Palermitans had no share in the returns.—
A.dvices from Odessa triention, that Jew emi-
grants continue to embark at that port for Pales-
tine, where a colony of Israelites is forming, un-
der a conviction that the Advent of the Messiah
is at hand, and they go to hold themselves in
readiness to receive him !

[New .Times.]
The New York Papers bring a deplorable
statement of the American finances. The defi-
ciency for the curreaat year is estimated at near
seven millions and a half of dollars ; and the
American tecretary of the Treasury recommends
having recourse to. what our European Re-
publicans announce as the vilest of all possi-
ble inventions—a Loan !—We recommend these
American statements to the serious conside-
ration of the gentlemen who may attend the
Meeting at Hackney this day,' for the pur-
pose of petitioning for a Radical Reform. One
of the most hacknied of all the themes usual!
dilated upon by these State Doctors is,----the
delightful state of the Country's finances which
might be expected tojensue, were " the People
allowed the managemett of their own affairs,"—
that is to say, were th House of Commons elect-
ed by the equal votes Of all the male inhabitants,
however unequal their contributions to the wants
of the State. They may see by this trans-atlantic
specimen, how little Universal Suffrage has to do
with the fluctuations of commercial affairs—how
perfectly unable any set of men, however brought
together, must be to force trade to flourish, or
to enact that agriculture shall be profitable. They
may 'see, in short, that a Republican Government
is reduced to the necessity of making large loans
after years of peace, and of adding to its National
Debt, while our Government is reducing theirs.
The Anti-Liturgy Petitions drag on very hea-
vily. Our exposition of the Worthy Alder-
,
' man's circulars seems to have opened the eyes
of the public to the barefaced juggle that is at-
tempted to be played upon them. It is true that.
a demand for the immediate insertion of her
Majesty's name in the Liturgy forms part of Mr.
Baring's Hampshire Petition : but probably that
would have been modified had our discovery
been made a week earlier, for Mr. Baring will
hardly wish to be mistaken for a tool of-Alder-
man N'Lfooila ./ s LSi'd -V arnarvon *constituted
" the Nobility" of Hampshire, so Lord 'Grey
did that of Northumberland. We advert with
great pleasure to both those County Meetings;
for in both we see a small minority of the County
meeting together in effect to protest against the
loyalty of the great majority. The Meetings
were in both cases disregarded by the majority ;
but in each case one- Country Gentleman
boldly stood forward and vindicated the prin-
ciples which it was sought to load with
obloquy. Mr. Orde and Mr. Fleming , both
acted with a manliness which commanded
applause eve-t in the - midst of the radical
clamour with li,hich they were at first as-
sailed. We have elsewhere given the speech of
the latter Gentleman more fully than we were
enabled to do y?Sterday : and it will be seen that
he avowed his seiatiments of some of the most im-
portant points of the la te.discussions with as much
firmness as tempter. The Petition brought for-
ward by Mr. Baring is, indeed, a curious compo-
sition. It makes the whole county of Hamp-
shire (rot sucli i'li its pretension) declare, not that
the Queen wa's hiot guilty of Adultery, but that
Adultery is ant offence unknown to the laws of
'Engiand.!! !---‘ -e in, our simplicity believe that
the Ten Commandments of the Almighty were
recognised by the law of England. We remem-
ber' to 'have heard some old people say 'that
Christianity yaps part of the Common Law of the
Land !—But as the French comedian says,.
Nous avons change tout cola. ,
