DEPARTURES.

Persell, Esq., and Mrs. Persell, from Fladong's Ho'
tel, Oxford-street, for Dublin ; D'Arcy, Esq„, from
ditto ; T. R. Brisse, Esq., from ditto ; Sir S. H. Clarke,
Bart., from ditto; -- Prescott, Esq., from ditto;
Wynne, Esq., from ditto ; General Von By land, from Long's
Hotel, Bond-street, for Bath ; Adderleys, Esqs., and
Macgeachy, Esq., from ditto, for Warwickshire ; Sir A.
Crichton, at ditto, for the Grove, Kent ; Samuel Worrell►
Esq., and T. L. Cookes, Esq., M. P., from ditto, for New-
market ; Thomas Penrice, Esq., from ditto, for Kilrougl►
Castle, Swansea ; John Portal, Esq., from ditto, for Treefolk,
Hants ; R. Fountain, Esq., from ditto for Norfolk.

The remains of J. Blackburn, Esq., M.P., were
yesterday afternoon ( Thursday) deposited in the vault of the
Temple Church. Lord Brougham, and a large concourse of
professional gentleman followed the body, which was brought
from Hampstead. The funeral service was read by the Rev.
Mr. Benson, Master of the Temple.
The ordinary meeting of the Zoological Society was
held on Tuesday evening, Thomas Bell, Esq., F. It. S., in the
chair. Amongst the specimens exhibited was a male specimen
of the snowy owl, shot by a miller on a moor near Selby,
Yorkshire, on the 13th of February, on a part abounding with,
rabbits, which it fed upon. Mr. Gray exhibited the horn et
what he considered a new species of deer from the Himalaya
Mountains, the upper part of which had a great resemblance
to that of the elk, and the individual appearing to belong to
group between the Indian and rein deers. Mr Gould exhi-
bited seven rare European birds, from the collection of M.
Temmick, sent for the purpose of illustrating his menography,
consisting of harriers, owls, gulls, &c., natives principally of
India, and rarely met with in Europe; and also character►zed
two new species of priomotes, making eight altogether known*
six of which are contained in the Society's collection.
At the ordinary meeting of the Society of Arts Wed'
nesday evening, A. H. Holdsworth, V. P., in the chair, *
silver medal was awarded to Mr. Dodds, for an improved cast-
iron wheel for locomotive carriages. Several communicationS
were read, particularly one relative to an invention by Dr.
Daubney, of Oxford, of an 'instrument, which was exhibited,
for obtaining water from the sea at any depth. Its use will
enable natural philosophers to determine the long-disputed
question of the proportion of air contained in water at great
depths, and also whether more or less salt is held in solutioa
than at the surface. The instrument is of brass, being two
cylinders, one within the other—but it is unnecessary to de'
scribe it here.

Birmingham Musical Festival will be held this year
on the 19th of September, and three following days. The
engagements will comprise all the leading talent of the,
country, combined with a number of the most distinguished
Continental performers ; and the arrangements generally are
such as to ensure a meeting second in splendour and effect
to none that leas ever taken place in England. The Right
Honourable Lord Willoughby de Broke is the President 01
the year.

There was an affair of honour at an early hour yes-
terday morning at Farrenshone, in the North Liberties, be-
tween Dr. O'Flaherty, of Croom, and Mr. C. O'Grady, late
of the Crescent. One of the principals fired without elieCto
the other did not fire, and they left the ground before a se-
cond shot, as the country people who came up would not suffer
them to renew hostilities. The dispute arose at an hotel
Limerick Chronicle, of Saturday.

• •
THE EXPORTATION OF THE PRECIOUS ME*
TALS.—The exportation of gold and silver coin from the Port
of London during the past week, ending► the 25th inst., front.
the port of London to foreign ports, is as follows :—gold coif
to the Mauritius, 7,830 ounces; silver coin to the Mauritius,
7,088 ounces.

An Account from Trieste says_" The fire which
broke out here on the night of the 11 th reduced to ashes a
great warehouse filled with cotton, sugar, and corn. The loss
in this article alone is between 400,000 and 500,000 florins.
Fortunately insurances had ;been effected to the amount of
300,000 florins."

KING'S HEATRE.—Don Giovanni was playad
last night to ene of the most crowded houses we ever saw at
the King's Theatre. There could not have been less than*
4,000 persons present. The opera, of course, was successful'
When did the music of Mozart not produce its due impresSion.
How could the combined talent of Grisi, Albertazs, Rubiuls'
Tamburini, and Lablache fail in working out a grand effect?
It was the triumph of harmonic power. The novelty of the
evening was Albertazzi's Zerline—that charming little role oir
Zerlina, sung into importance in this country by Fodor and
Camporese, and endeared to our memory by the divine Mahe
bran. The new singer had to contend against those recollee-
tions, but she acquitted herself so well that the reputation she
previously acquired in the Cenerentola has been established l°
this. The duet with Tamburini, "La ci darem," in the first
act, was most successful. It was considered as a trial of her
powers, and, after a few notes, the audience pronounced.*
verdict in her favour. This support gave her confidence i°
the joyous conclusion, and a general encore testified the Wig"
faction of the house. She did not produce the same effect l°
the " Batti, batti," as no one could forget the exquisite ma°.
ner in which Malibran performed as well as sang that scene.
Madame Albertazzi assumed too serious an air. Donna Anill
is an uphill role, but Grisi imparted to it all the interest that
it is capable of receiving. She sang with that sublime fell
ing that ever distinguishes her; and she poured so WI%
melody and mind into her portion of the trio in the first ac.
that every one regretted the very limited sphere allotted to he'•
in the opera. The merits of Rubini, Tamburini, and Lablsche'
in their respective characters, arc too well known to call for :.
particular notice. They were all and each successful in th
highest degree. Tamburini's Don Giovanni was delicious-^-4
.
gayer or more sparkling cavalier never presented himself 111
the lists of gallantry. As to Lablache, who can Mention hi,
name and not be satisfied ? Rubini had not much to do; but
that little—bow exquisitely he performed it ! There never
was anything more splendid than his execution of the beau,
tiful air in the second act, in which he swears to avenge _
wrongs of Donna Anna. We must not forget to mention tns
brilliant success of Tamburini in the serenade, and the e 1" •
quisite manner in which it was accompanied by Mori's vielle;
The cachuca was danced twice by Duvernay ; and God sate
l
the King" was sung, in hour of the Queen's birthday, by ta
whole strength of the company. The Duchess of Kent was
not present, but the Duke of Cambridge was in the Royal he
Yesterday morning, about seven o'clock, as a la,
f
bouring man, named Barrett, was passing along the banks el,
the Regent's Canal, at Paddington, he saw sitting on the gra.s4
a well-dressed young woman, who, on his approach, jemPte.,
up, exclaiming " Oh GOD 1" and at once plunged head
most into the water. Barrett, without stopping to divest hin"ii,
self of any portion of his apparel, jumped in after her, a,
although but a very indifferent swimmer, succeeded at le°!.e.r
in dragging her, apparently in a lifeless state, to the sh
fo
By this time several persons had arrived at the spot, and, IL'se
the lapse of a quarter of an hour, the unhappy female, for were,
resuscitation every means had been employed, somewhat
the
vived. On being questioned as to her motive for making
suicidal attempt, as also with respect to her abode, she stated
that she resided with her parents in Seymour-street, t°lo
square, and that her name was Sophia Lomax. She spoke 1
a very incoherent manner ; but, from all that could be *later'
frcm her, it appeared that she had just quitted her fa eja
house, with the full determination of destroying herself,
consequence of the neglect of her lover, to whom,
of a few weeks, she was to have been united. A cab was le).
sently procured, and she was conveyed therein to her horPrs
On Tuesday Dr. Ritchie gave the second sect
of his course at the United Service Museum, on experintelgos.
philosophy to the members of this institution. The INevcbibit
was devoted to statics and the mechanical powers:.
pointing out the enormous strength of the muscles a ..!ie so
he stated that a young man at Florence undertook to rel-
ass by the hair of his head, and performed the feat.
lop
Ritchie will continue his course every Tuesday at thtefr„,
in the co
ri-a.
To-morro.v Captain Norton will give a lecture ex
planacetoo;
his inventions on rifle percussion shells and other preire
_sec,
he will also give some account of the boomarang its
stick used by the natives of New South Wales. of:
peculiar construction they are enabled to throw it a dist% pet
fifty or sixty yards, after which it returns and falls at the
of the thrower without having once touched the granee."
We learn from Tilsit that on the 15th inst.,adolf
the melting of the snow, the river Niemen shu ,
overflowed its banks, and rushing with terrific force chi et.
valley, carried every thing before it. More than 100 Its pot
were inundated. The whole amount of damage dons..0:810
been yet ascertained, but it must have been very con 'al.' et°
as the inhabitants were taken by surprise, and bad no 41""
remove any of their property to a place of safety.

hank PRICES OF ST(:Y2KS TM.' DAY AT UNE o', LOCK. _
")f,-8
3 PRICES
..... • .......... '204 3% I.,tha StOCK
3Per cent. Red. ............... 89%34 ~,,, ' Ditto Bonds 3.3 30 pm.
3, Cent. Cent. Cons .. Vo %31 3'South Sea Stock
. ......... 4
~,,, lO2
6? per Cent ...... ........ ........ 99 Old Annnities
It°
It'd•••• 971%4 i New Ditto —
_ .
N„ der Cet; t .............. 0874 ''s % 3 per Cent. Annuities, 175381 30—pm.
R,',17..5.Per Cent... ..
" K per
!Dia) 500 ... 3S 30 pm.
40 38 pm.
njan' 5, 1810 ................ 14% ' Ditto Small
'Ct. ',, 359 ................. , Ditto Commercial — Pm.
•
• 5, 851 ........•
, Ditto Advertised — pm
in• 5, R 510.............. - Bank Stock for Account —
`Mil 5o 181' ;India Stock for Account ---7
~ . . , .
„...,. ...................
0134 ;II
'Consols for Acconnt
i1...._.0 ~ 1 r”..... ..
.............. ........... .
••vain rn .
............_ ........ prn.

I.I.ICES OF tOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
p,nno Bonds
; Peruvian Bonds ..
Pe fiPst Bonds..
—' Ditto Account —
71%
II Ottto Account ............... .. --; Portuguese Bonds
ilitz.illan BOds ... ............ WM(I Ditto Account
1614 7 6'4
11--,sto Account .. . .... —' Ditto New Bends
46%
nos Ayres Bonds ............ ' Ditto Account
..........
291,4 VAi
....Ditto Account ..... ...... ...... Ditto, 3 per cent
unilliao Bonds.. . ' Prussian Bonds —
~ Ditto Account.: ............ ..".
i Russian Bonds, 1E592 • ••• 7
‘,llusnt,lan Bonds ............. '' —1
Ditto Account
Ditto AccoUnt ~......":".. ......
---' Ditto Metallic ... ..........
DittoCllumblan Bonds •1...•.......... ..........
52;354 Spanish Bonds
Account - • i Ditto Account
fisniih Bonds .-
Ditto Bonds, IKII 21% 5443 A
leek Account" ."
.....
.............. --' Ditto Account 91%%1/42%
—I --r..
"reek 80nd5.... . ....
French, 5 per cent .... ••••• : .
ditto Bonds. I.iii ..... .....
...
I -- 4 per cent-- =lc
..-.-:,
.Llitto Account . ............... ::: ...,1 3 per cent.
iNcari Bonds, 5 p"er...c.ent. ... —' Exchange
52% 3
Oitto Account ...
—' Dutch, 254 per cent.
-Onto, 6 per cent' .............
..Ditto Account .. ..
.......... 'Ditto, per cent. 911% 100 99
5 li %
, Ditto Account
(52%
~apolitan.,, ...................... —' Ditto Account

n,-;---------
l'aid.
.--nICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Per Share
90
R_?'atins Mining Company l5O
1
10
,ht!ripingliam and Derby Railway Company
1.1 I 14
'.4lningliarn and Gloucester Railway Company
40 4011 I 54
Ijrrieat Western Railway Company
5 I th•li
s.,r.ghton Railway Company (Stevenson's)
3 0%
ighton (Rennie's)
85 1101,
i_L•ondon and Birmingham Railway Company
12 ~l
!lotnidon and Southampton Railway Company
% ehestor and Lheds Railway Company sl(q!'.(s.'
'cheater SOUth Union Railway Company A
ii% 11
North Midland Railway Comriny
1
................______•.,Uth
P'oehton, Lewes, and Newhaye i Railway .1.

_
Arrived. MAILS.
Due. Arrived. Due
0 A Due. Arrived.
I
11 America....... ••~ 0 1 France ,i 0 Lisbon Rrazil ..... .. ... .. .. .. 0 0 °nem. &Jersey 0 0 Malta
RuenosAyres.. 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico—. ..
I
ip Culauthiiag..ena ..... . 0 0 Holland
1 „
rut • 0
0 0 Jamaica
7..."---2----____l ".1_" ...... • 0 0 Leeward Islands 01 °I
5weden...........
00

HIGH
Mom, WATEIt AT LONDON BRIDGE TO.MORROW.
minutes after 9. I Evening...... 59 minutes after 9.

WORK EDITED BY THE AUTHOR OF
" ROOKWOOD."

, Just ready,in 3 vols. post Bvo.
NI
CK OF THE WOODS.
Edited by W. HARRISON AINSWORTH, Esq.,
Author of" Rookwood," " Crichton," &c.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street.

' 11

MR. GLEIG'S NEW WORK.
In 2 YOll. post Bro.,
E HUS S A R.
By the Author of " The Subaltern,"
" The Chelsea Pensioners," &e.
He WILL BE PUBLISHED TO-MORROW.
Colburn, Publishsr, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

THE QUEEN'S BIRTH DAY.
ON THE
Next, April 29, the COURT
by c J°IJRNAL will contain (in addition to Original Papers,
bliAetryl°}rated Writers) full Particulars of her MAJESTY'S
Raishn,NG ROOM, with an Alphabetical List of the Distin-
Pany present—Approachinn• Royal Marriage—Royal
tkr, e'--Gaieties and Movements in HigliLife—with all the Lite-
iTheatrical, and General Gossip of the Week.
Ci lished for the Proprietor, by W. Thomas, at the Office, 19,
rine-street, Strand, and supplied by all Newsmen, price S.

e Publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 28, 1837.

J'lle arguments which Lord MELBOURNE, on
•
1111 u
ug the second reading of the Irish Corporations
urged in favour of granting municipal rights to the
People of Ireland, were sound and convincing, but not
quite calculated for the House of Lords. That body
llt°t to be convinced by argument, or softened down by
4PPeals to their mercy or justice. They have one pro-
cut object in view—power ; and whatever they con-
11,e4ree can diminish or interfere with that, they oppose
tlz unceasina hostility. They long opposed with the
Ih4tlost violence two great questions which were ulti-
tilately carried—the one by the leader of the majority in
,ifat Rouse, and the other by the leader of the mino-
hil'and in both instances they yielded not to argu-
e:eat or reason, but solely to fear. The dread of a
or war in Ireland, so forcibly described by the Duke
WELLINGTON, compelled them to concede the
Catholicl,l., claims ; and the dread of a similar calamity
%:4'4lg out not only in Ireland, but simultaneously
Pgh°ut the United Empire, compelled the great
their of them to retire from the House, and give up
11: °PPosition to the Reform Bill in despair. They see
4 such danger littl now, orthey
-e cloud like a man's hand arising out of the sea,'
p So appropriately applied by Mr. ROEBUCK to
Or -,."ERT PEEL ; but they will not feel the danger
take warning from the past, till the political horizon.
4
"aY ek with clouds and wind, and they are carnet i
the hurricane and the tempest. Then they
to elela--hut not till thin will they consent to granti
tieland the rights and privileges guaranteed to
.)
:e I-T"ien. No concessions on the appropriation
elapse
any pled,e for the security of the Pro-
tilea4 Church in Ireland, reconcile them to the
refo:ure,
'nonce them to give up their hostility to a
Nronling Ministry. If concession on the former pointf.
Nieto to he made, they would hail it with shouts o
111eairY' but they would think only of using it as a
wordl' tu an end —they would still find out some watch-
Cretu-s—sulne new cry of danger till they obtained the
session' uaY, the only object of their ambition—the ii)los.-
"hol r°r Place. These are not words of course. T eir
eL,,-I" of policy has affirmed the fact—that they
this yeas to to any measure for the sake of office. For
they lea they granted the Catholic claims, though
stro ad 1011 g declared that the concession would de-
te,sYo the Irish -r-3
.urotestant Church. For the same
whi~iti.leY were prepared to accept the Reform Bill,
eloredl with
equally solemn asseverations they had de-
teheellrstitwuotiuollidaihe fatal to monarchy, and destructive of
govermnent. With such facts before
alomee, Yes can a Liberal Government believe for one
ord An, that concession would satisfy the Tories ?
aware thatME
is aware of this, and he is also
and that llls Only safety is in firmness of purpose,
zuies _ by yielding he would only strengthen his ene-
and alienate many of his friends.
Mr, sy.
t-

AteB .401,15, from whose pamphlet on Church-
', , we gave a few extracts yesterday, add9ce.s.a great
ti''lllUer of
q ti authorities to prove, that in the earlier ages
1,1141
,Church, and down to a period later than that to
file '''' legal memory ascends, the burden of repairing
til Chtirclies and providing ~ the ornaments," lay upon
toe clergy by the Canon Law, in opposition to those who
ot:'tend that an impost for those purposes was levied
of the People, if not from the first establishmen
it has Parish Churches, at least from time immemorial.
rates been attempted by some defenders of Church-
richLw,
to invalidate the authority of the Canon Law,
, they say, is always null and void when
it
tdrubt
ailu?ter l'o Common or Statute Law. This is no
aouil.
411 i laeontrov'ertible maxim ;
4,. 'e to but before it can be •
those who wish under its shield to evade avail
jugnanient drawn from the obligation of the Canons, .
are etessary that they should show that the parishioners
Ch -ell" by CommOn or Statute Law to repair the
kri -eluted
~..
w ~ .. This they have not yet done, and we
ref:. they eannot do. On the contrary, Mr. SYMONS
the refers
two Statutes, made in the reign of EDWARD
of
ti•eirst, both of wide)) clearly recognise the validity
Lef, 'e Canon Law in this very matter, which had then
sonahl-1 to forma subject ,of quarrel between the par-
Ishift upsh their parishioners—the former wishing to
te 1 tile urden from their own shoulders to those of
eierBaYtter,b who resisted it as an encroachment. The
nev Il° doubt, succeede
T d in their object, but they
heeY to the impositior ebtained the sanction of law imposition.
il.piri"
t., Iclubtleas availed themselves of the powerful
al arguments which they had then at command,

to procure= • compliance on the part of the laity, until
the plea of custom could be set up, to fly in the
face of which would then, as in our day, be anathe-
matized as " impiety," " profaneness," " sacrilege," &c.
COKE, commenting on the first of the statutes to which
we have alluded, uses the following words—" and this
(the repairing of the Churches) the parishioners ought
to do by custom known and approved ; and the conu-
sauce thereof is allowed to the Ecclesiastical Court by
this Act :" upon which Mr. SYMONS very justly re-
marks that " COKE, as the advocate of the Church,
would not, of course, have advanced either his own ipse
dixit of the obligation on the parishioners, or the mere
law of custom, however approved,' had he been
able to bring the powerful authority of a Statute Law
to bear on the point. To such an application this
Statute is manifestly incapable of being perverted."
And then adds, " Whoever still doubts that Canon or
ecclesiastical Law was valid, and unimpugned by Sta-
tute Law during the whole period in question, may refer
to Gibson's Codex, 199, where he will find this pas-
sage on the subject of repairs :

" But as to the obligation resting upon the Parson, or
upon the Vicar, concerning that the books of common law
say nothing : and so it is wholly left upon that foot, on
which the canons of the Church bath left it."

The author having disposed of the question about
the validity of the Canon Law, produces a series of
extracts from ancient records, extending from the divi-
sion of England into parishes down to the end of the
thirteenth century, to show that during all that period
the Tithe was chargeable with the repairs of the
Church. We must refer those who wish to see these
extracts to the Pamphlet itself, being obliged by want
of space to limit ourselves to the following curious
enactment on the subject by an Anglo-Saxon Parlia-
ment, and Mr. SYMONS' s accompanying observation :

" The most cogent evidence, however, prior to the Con-
quest, is unquestionably the positive law passed by the
Witenagemot in the reign of Ethelred 11., in the year 1014 :
And respecting tithe, the King and his witan have
chosen and enacted, even as right it ;s, that the third part
of the tithe which belongcth to a church shall go to repair
the Church, and the second part to God's Servants, the third
to God's Poor, and to poor men in slavery.'
" Lest the perfectly decisive testimony of this national edict
be assailed by the quibble that the Church here meant only
the chancel, we beg to adduce the following extract from the
Council of Enham (sec. 36), subsequently passed in the same
reign, and in the King's name, which directs that the applica-
cation of the money shall be in •' the establishment of
oratories and hospitals for the poor, and to repairs qf the
Church, and to the purposes of education, and to purchase
food and clothing for the servants of God, and books and
bells, and church vestments, and never to worldly pomp and
and vain glory."

We have received the whole of the Paris papers of
Wednesday. The Court of Peers sat from half-past
ten o'clock on Tuesday till a quarter past seven in the
evening, in secret deliberation on the judgment to be
pronounced 011 MEUNIER, LAVAUX and LACA2E,
for the regicidal attempt of December. The Court
condemned MEUNIER to suffer death as a parricide,
but acquitted the other prisoners. The following is
a copy of the judgment :
. _

Th.; Court—" Concerning Meunier, considering that on
the 27th of December last, by the use of fire. arms, he made
an attempt against the person and life of the King ;

" Concerning Lavaux and Lacaze, that there does not
result from the previous proceedings, or from the tr►al, any
sufficient proof that they had rendered themselves guilty,
either as principles or accomplices, in the above-mentioned
attempt, or of a conspiracy preceding the attempt ;
" Declares that Lavaux and Lacaze are acquitted of the
charge laid against them, and order that they be imme•
diately set at liberty, unless detained on any other account.
" Declares Meunier guilty of an attempt against the per-
son of the King, a crime provided against by articles 86
and 88 of the Penal Code.
" Condemns Meunier to the penalty of death.

" Orders that he shall be taken to the place of execu-
tion, barefoot, his head covered with a black veil, that he
be exposed on the scaffold while a huissier shall read his
sentence to the people, and that he be immediately put to
death.

" Condemns him to pay the costs of prosecution.
" Orders that this present sentence be executed under
the direction of the Procureur-General du Roi. That it be
printed and posted up, and notified to the culprit by the
Registrar of the Court."

The correspondent of a Morning Contemporary
mentions as a singular fact that the President of the
Chamber, Baron PASQULER, and all the Judges,
Magistrates, and Lawyers in the Court, were for con-
demning LAVAUX to death ; but that all the Peers
who had served in the army unanimously voted for
his acquittal. Had a simple majority of votes decided
the question, the accused would have been sacrificed,
as sixty-seven votes were given for his condemnation,
and only sixty-five for his acquittal. Fortunately in
capital cases the constitution of the Chamber of Peers,
as, the highest Court of Criminal Judicature, requires
that five• eighths of the Peers who vote should concur
in a sentence of guilty.
_ _ _

When the sentence of the Court was read to MEU-
NIER in prison, he appeared indifferent to his own
fate ; but grew furious with rage on learning that LA-
vn ux and LACAZE were acquitted. He protested that
what he had done was at the instigation of LAVACTX.
For once we cordially concur in the justice of the
sentence'pronouncel by the Court of Peers. Against
LAVA ux a conspiracy had been formed, at the bottom
of which was his mother-in-law, with the atrocious de-
sign of taking away his life. As for MEuNt Eft, he
deserves to die, were it only for attempting to take away
the lives of two innocent persons ; but the KING would
best consult the safety of his own person, and the peace
of the Royal Family, by commuting the capital sen 7
tence to imprisonment for life. The blood of State
criminals, however deservedly shed, never fails to taint
the moral atmosphere of nations in which the Mo-
narchical principle is not fully recognized.
It is rumoured that the marriage of the Duke of
ORLEANS will take place at Fontainebleau, early in
June. The arrival of his Royal Highness's destined
bride is fixed for the 26th of May, and the preparations
to receive her are already nearly completed. The
Princess will be accompanied by her mother as far as
Strasburg, where the Duke proposes to Meet her, and
conduct her in person to Paris.
The accounts from the Spanish frontier and the
Basques Are from Bilboa and Pampeluna to the 20th,
San-Sebastian to the 21st, and Bayonne to the 23d
inst. The Carlists and Christinos are preparing for a
grand expedition, in which both armies arc to perform
prodigies of valour, and of course, each to clear the
country of the enemy. The QUEEN'S troops at Pam-
peluna were in motion to prevent the boasted Carlist
expedition from crossing the Ebro, and at Bilboa
ESPARTERO was busy in repairing works, and getting
ready materiel for a general attack upon the Carlists
in that quarter. From San Sebastian letters have ar-
rived, which state positively that General EvANs will
return to England after the 10th of June, and that
General SEOANE has been already appointed by the
Madrid Cabinet to succeed him in the command.
Upon the correctness of this statement, however, we
recommend oar readers to lay no particular stress. We
have it not from the best authority, and publish it
merely as a rumour, current among the officers and men
of the British Auxiliary Legion.
In a letter from Bayonne of the 22d inst., received
by a Morning Contemporary, we find the following
account of the recommencement of hostilities in the
Basques :

The news which has reached hero to-day is of con-
siderable importance. it comes from Pampeluna. On
the 19th, at three o'clock in the afternoon,. Iribarren re-
ceived positive intelligence that Don Sebastian, with thir-
teen battalions, consisting of his own picked nine, and four
quartered near Estella, had, after a forced march, taken
up a position at and in tire vicinity of Los Arcos, with the
intention of crossing the Ebro. Within two hours he left
Pampeluna, and at three o'clock on the afternoon of the
20th (when the last news left), he was with 10,000 men
at Larraga, determined by forged marches to arrive at
Lodosa before that place could fall Into iltc hands of thg

Pretender's troops. Thus, then, the second movement
has commenced. The Carlists, driven to a momby want
of provisions, have put the Queen's Generals into action,
and now in reality the campaign commences. Of course
intelligence of this move has been transmitted by extraor-
dinary couriers to St. Sebastian and l3ilboa, and we may
now every hour expect important results. Iribarren''s
promptitude looks well. We trust it may be imitated. On
General Evans and the Legion we may at all events de-
pend for something. The steamers are now round at Bil-
boa for troops ; on their return, operations, I am confident,
will not be delayed. The general expectation here is,
that Fonterabia and Irun will be at once attacked. The
weather, unfortunately, is still unsettled ; but still opera-
tions might proceed."
On the 19th inst., at Berlin, died M. ANCItLON,
Prussian Minister of State for Foreign Affairs. His
Excellency had nearly completed his 70th year, and
was equally distinguished throughout Europe as a
Statesman, a Philosopher, and an Author. His death
will be a severe affliction to the King of PrtussfA,
who ever found in him a wise Councillor, and a most
devoted subject.
The following arc extracts from the French Papers
of Wednesday :

FRONTIERS OF SratN.—On the 20th several carts,
loaded with muskets, arrived in our city. They came from
St. Sebastian, and were on the way to Pampeluna, passing
through St. Jean Pied-de-Port.
The Spanish Government is making fresh exertions to
securo the subsistence of the army of the North. Larr
supplies of provisions are collecting on our frontiers. Let
us hope that these efforts will not be once more thrown
away.—Sentinelle des Pyrenees.

Ii is announced that bon Carlos has sunatnoned the bat-
talions of Cabrera to the Biscayan provinces, in order the
more effectually to oppose the movements of Espartero. We
know besides, from the Madrid Jourres, that Cabrera had
quitted the kingdom of Valencia to proceed to Arragon
he had even disposed of the prisoners by entrusting them
to another Carlist Chief. It is said that the movement
party in the kingdom of Valencia has formed some free
corps commanded by the brave Brigadier-General Borso.
The Capt.-General has refused to recognise, or command
them.

A letter from Ciret of the 17th April, says, Brigadier
General Ayerbe has just obtained an advantage over the
Carlists. In the night of the 10th he attacked the village
of Villagran situated a league and a half from Vich, in
which 200 insurgents had barricadoed themselves. The
latter, assisted by the inhabitants, defended theMselves, and
so vigorously repelled the assailants that Ayerbe thought it
necessary to set tire to the %Wage. The Carlists, to es-
cape the flames, endeavoured to open themselves a passage,
but were almost all killed or wounded by their adversaries.
who, on their side, had 12 killed, and a pretty considerable
number of wounded."

The probab lity of the marriage of the Duke of Nemours
with the (laughter of the Infant Francis de Paula is again
spoken of.—Constitulionnel.

It is affirmed that a good many prefects have resigned.—
Siecle, Journal du ComMerce.

FRENCH FIIN DS. —Ps ;us, Aran, 26
Five per Cents., 10f f. 8.5 c. Ike. 75c.
Four per Cents., 9.-1 30c.
Three per Cents. 78f. 95c. 90c.
Bank Actions, 2,41,01
Bente de Naples, 9,5,, scc, 75c.
Roman Five per Cents., 102%
Spanish Actives, 2314 24 23%%%.
Spanish Passives, 5V
Belgian I.oan, Five per Cents, ICOU
Portuguese Three per Cents. 29%.
Haytian Lsan, 3301
EXcIIANUR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 251 421.6 e.; money, 25f. 40,
'Three months, paper, 25f. 22%e. ; money, 251 20e
•-•-l'Ohrs Autheislefaue.
LAST PRICES.
Elva per Cents., I:g;f. 90c.
Three per Cents. 781 95c.
Rank Actions, 2,411 f.
Route de Naples, 98f. 9(c.
Roman Five per Cents., lON.
Belgian Loan, 10034.
Brussels Bank, 1,325 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 25%.
Haytian Loan, 3301
Spanish Actives, 2:334.
Spanish Passives sa.
BELGIAN I UNDS—Bituasists, APRIL 21
Actual Debt, 2!.i per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cant. IOON,
Loan of Thirty
Loan of ('itv, 1832. 4 per Cent.
Society of Commerce, 4,,,:,per Cent l3O
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent l3l
—llrussels Papers, April
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, Aram 19.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bonk Shares
—4lllgemcine Zeitung, Al ril 23.

Letters and papers from Madrid of the 18th inst.
bring accounts of the defeat of a revolutionary conspiracy
against the Government, which was to have broken out
in the capital on the night of the 16th. The principals
in it were the en-Minister LOPEZ, and the Deputies
CA LVO nE ROSAS and CABALLERO ; and the ob-
ject of it was stated to be—the ovet turning of the
Cabinet ; the dissolution of the Cortes ; the wresting
the Regency from Queen CHRISTINA ; the es-
tablishment of a federative Monarchy ; the total
abolition of the senate or second Chamber ; and
an equitable division of the soil among the friends
of the ultra-movement party. To effect this the con-
spirators had agreed to seize on the Post-office and a
park of artillery destined for the protection of the Ca-
pital ; but happily for Spain, General QUIROGA,
Military Governor of Madrid, had early intelligence of
the affair, and took the necessary precautions to
frustrate it. Either on account of weakness on the
part of the Government, or because the evidence
was not strong enough to sustain .a prosecution,
the chiefs of this infamous conspiracy were not seized
up to the date of these communications. It was re-
ported on the 18th, that LOPEZ had departed for Ali•
cant, with the intention of organ zing a general rising
on the part of the violent Republicans. Should he
succeed, Spain will be drenched with blood.

The debates in the Cortes on the new Constitution
were continued during the sittings of the 17th and
18th inst. Twenty-two articles had then been adopted.
The nineteenth provides that at every general election
of the Members of tl►e Second Chamber, one third of
the Members of the Upper Chamber shall go out,
leaving it at the option of their constituents either to
re-elect them, or replace them by others. This is
beyond all question an improvement upon the Article
as it first stood in the Ministerial outline of the New
Constitution. The Peers will be less reckless in ad-
vising the Crown to resort to—sudden dissolutions of
the Legislative body.

The news from the interior of the kingdom is not
of the least importance.

THE MARKETS--(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE

This Week the arrivals,of English Con have been mode-
rate, of Irish Oats good, and of Flour a fair quantity. The
weather continues favourable for vegetation, and the trade
has been generally inanimate since Monday. There have
been few transactions in Wheat to day, and Monday's terms
are hardly supported. Barley is Is. per quarter lower. Beans
and Pease have no alteration. Oats find buyers slowly, at
Monday's terms. Flour is very dull, and expected lower.

ARRIVALS.
Wheat. Barley.
ttigilah
Irish
Foreign

SAIITHFIEL

This day's supply was very good
alteration from the prices last quo
PRICES PER STONE OF tiLl
s. d. to s. d
Interior Beasts

Second quality ditto. 3ll 3 4
rritne large Oxen 3 7 3 8
11,i me Scots. &c.
Large coarse Calves 4 2 4 0
:rime small ditto
s.ickling Calves each t) 34 01
Lamb
SUI.PLY, AS PER CL
Beasts. I
Sheep.
672 3,476

Oats. Flour.
1,710 qrs 4,040 sacks
1
900

NEWGATE AND LEA
At per stone, I
s d. to s d
Beef, inferior 2 6 2 8 Mutton, inferior
- middling ...... 210 3 0 _ middling .41
-- prime large - prime
- prime small 3 6 3 8 Perk, large
Veal
Lamb to 61."81

DENHALL MARKETS,
py the Carcass.

s d for tt.
28 3 2
3 2 2 tl
3 IS 4 2
210 4 t:
44 4 8

Sir Francis Burdett has, we learn, sent a donation
of 1001• for the relief of the distress:d H Ihlanders and
Islanders.

FEMALE BOLDNESS.-_.A bold woman is one of the
mo3toffensive objects on earth. I have always felt disgust for
such, though it has often been mitigated by recollecting in how
many instances their husbands have been conducive to this
fault by their want a thilicacy, or by the improper associations
they have allowed them to form. But when an gnmarried
woman emancipates herself from all the constraint that modesty
and propriety prescribe,.my disgust is unmitigated by pity. I
am one of the few who maintain that modesty may survive the
virtue it was meant to guard ; but that virtue rarely, and only
then by chance or calcu!ation, outlives modesty._Lady Bles-
gingtoth .

• •
~• - 7 77
Vt.?
visg. -44 ,aj
• • • 1,7 , J

ir)it -11t11.
