JANIES'S ANALEPTIC PILLS,

FROM their tendency to promoteithe nat.iral
Secretions, are the best Remedy for Colds, itheutnia-
fis,,,Q, slight Fevers, and all those Disorders which arise from
obstructed perspiration, so common in a changeable climate.
They are equally excellent for 1-lead-achs, and Indigestion ;
and for (iouty, Bilious, or other Complaints of the Stomach
and Bowels, tot, often the' consequence of Free Living. As a
general Family Medicine they have no equal; and are parti-
cularly, convenient foe persons—travelling, being mild in their
operation, and not requiring any confinement.
The Analeptic Pills are prepared by Messrs. Newbery from
the only Recipe existing under Dr. James's Hand,
.and are
sold by them at the Original Warehouse for Dr. James's Pow-
der, No. 45, in St. Paul's Church-yard, London, and 29,
Dame-street, Dublin ; also by their Agents, Mr. Sanger, 150,
Oxford-street, and Messrs. Bayley and Blew, Coaspur-st reet.
Be careful to observe that the Name " F, Newbery" is en-
graved in the, Laamp surrounding each Bot.

rrill AT INESTIMABLE ORNAMENT the
IL HUMAN HAIR, is frequently much injured by Fevers,
Accouchments, frayelline, Change of Climate, Study,
Anxiety. &c.—these if neglected, soon occasion total Malti-
ness, which may he prevented by applying that invaluable
production tbe:(4l.:N CT IN EMACASSAR OIL.
••

A. ROWLAND and SON- tespectfnlly caution the. Public
against Spurious Oil under that nante—their's is the thiginal
and Genuine, and they have just received a valuable supply
front Macassar. Its salubrious properties in preventing the
Hair being injured—Restoring it when fallen—Promoting its
growth on the Baldest Places, and enhancing its beauty, is
wonderful. Each genuine bottle is signed on the Ont Side
label in Red luk, A. ROWLAND and SON.—Price Ss. 6d.
7s. 10s. 6d. and One Guinea irer bottle.
Also, ROWLAND's ESSENCE of TYRE.

By merely wetting the hair ,vith this preparation, the Pro-
privtors warrant to produce immediately a perfect change in
Red or Grey Hair, Whiskers, Eye-brows, &c. to a beautiful
glossy and permanent brown or black, imitating the exact na-
tural colour; washing makes this Dye more durable. Ladies
or Gentlemen may dye their hair with ease and secrecy.--Price
4s. 7s. Gd. and 104. Gd.

Sold wholesalc, retail. and for exportation; by the sole
Proprietors, A. ROWLAND and SON, corner of Kirby-
street, the first turning, on the right in Hatton-garden, Hol-
born, London; and, by appointment, by all Perfumers and
-Medicine Venders throughout Europe.
Ask for Rowland's Oil, or Rowland's Dye, and observe
the Signature of A. ROWLAND and SON._

Kilmarnock, April 4,1818.
Another excellent CURE by the s(ile Use of Mr. LIGNUM's
.INTISCORBUTIC DROPS.

tn,-1 think it my duty to send you the fol-
lowing statement, with my best wishes for the success
of your 'Medicine .—For several years-I had been tormented
with a most painful and inveterate scorbutic eruption allover
my body, which was literally the better of nothing used for
it, either internally or externally, although I spared neither
trouble nor expenee to get rid of it ; as the last resource, I
resolved to try your Antiseorbutic Drops, a bottle of which I
purchased from your Agent here, 1)r. Reed, New Bridge, Kil-
marnock, which I found of considerable advantage, and by
diligently persevering in the use of them, I have the heartfelt
satisfaction of being able to say that I have got completely
cured. You have my authority to publish this my case, and
any reference made personally, or by leiter post-paid, will be
answered by Dr. Reed, in whose drug-shop I purchased your
valuable medicines.

I beg to remain, Sir, your obliged humble Servant,
Attested by Dr. Reed. WILLIAM SAGE.
To Mr. John Lignun►, Surgeon, Manchester.
These Drops are sold in moulded square bottles, at 2s. 9d.
4s. ed. and 1 Is. wholesale and retail, by Mr. Lignum. Man-
chester; also by J. Evans and Son, 42, Long-lane, West
Smithfield; Sutton and Co.• Bow Church-yard; Barclay and
Sons, 95, Fleet-market ; Edwards, 66, St. Paul's Church-
yard ; Butler and Sons; 4, Cheapside, London ; and 34, Sack-
ville-street, Dublin.

Of whom may be bad, Mr. Lignam's Improved Chemica
Lotion, 2s. 9d.

Also Mr. Lignum's Syphilis Pills, 2s. 9d. each hox, with d
rections.

And by one or more principal Medicine Venders in ever:
Market Town la the United Kingdom.

I disclaim all personal illwill towards indivi-
duals, fot• I feel none, and if the Sergeant ascribes
to me motives of a private nature, be is in error ;
but I repeat the conviction which has been afford-
ed by experience, that the indiscriminate admis-
sion of Agents to practise in a Court of Record,
without proper initiation and efficient responsi-
bility, must produce inconveniences to the public.
If the evils detailed in your several Papers
should induce the Legislature to call for evidence
in sty port of what has been elledged, the, result
will spew whether or not then.' is a necessity-f'
adaptation of preventive means against the recur-
rence of abuses which practical remedies cannot
reach, and which, as Scrutator observes, have a
tendency to bring the administration of the Law
into disrepute.—" Melior est Justitia yea prceve-
niens, severe paniens."
The principle anti operation of the Act having
been the chief objects of consideration with your
several Correspondents, the reply to their separate
arguments will be comprized in general terms, as
to the mode of Administration, the Machinery,
and the Imperfections.
The torMation of a Court for the express pur-
pose of effectuating the Legislative enactments,
was the proposition of the learned framer of the
Bill, whose avowed object was to vest au autho-
rity where the Law might be rendered most cer-
tain, least expensive, and most exempt from liti,
gation ; and under a conviction that the princi-
ple of the measure would be best executed by a
distinct Court, wherein a person of abilities
should preside and administer the Law systemati-
cally, without bringing it into discredit. Other
ideas were entertained by very distinguished Sena-
tors in the Upper House, as to the mode of exe-
cuting this Act ; and they were according sug-
gested, viz. One Noble Lord proposed, that all
the Cases should be heard at Quarter Sessions,
with a right of Appeal to the superior Courts.
Another proposed, that Delegates from each of
the superior Courts should be appiiilitell t►l bear
such Cas,:s. And a third recommended, that
Commissioners, as in the nature'ot Commissioners
of liaokrupt, should decide. _

Thus it appears, that the MACHINERY of the
Bill was not unattended to, and. how tar it- has
been found properly adapted experience must de-
cide. But the formation of a Court having been
ultimately assented to, it is proper to observe,
that the Ministers of the Crown, in their appoint-
ment of a Commissioner, expressly directed their
attention to the choice of a fit person, under the
impression that he should be a man of knowledge,
a man of temper, and of firmness,' with industry,
and that high character for integrity, which
might induce the public to trust in the justice of
his decisions, and in the propriety of that system
which his wisdom, his knowledge, and his temper
should establish, and which his successors might
take as their guide. This I know to have been
the object of his Majesty's Ministers, and in their
choice I feel a conviction that they have not erred ;
tor, without undue praise, it may he asserted,
that the present Learned Commissioner, and his
late Predecessor have justified the choice as far
as public expectation could rely on individual ta-
lent atol decision. Whether the purposes of the
Act have been fully realized in this distinct Tri-
bunal is not for me to decide, but the result -of
five years' experience will supply materials for the
basis of Legislative decision.
Whatever may be the result of future delibera-
tions in the great Council of this Empire, as, to the
continuance of the present measure, or the mode
of executing any other similar to it in principle,
1 would humbly suggest that in cases of extreme
doubt or difficulty, where fraud and misconduct
are imputed, or a gross injustice is alleged, refer-
ence might properly be bad to A JuitY for deci-
sion ; and in this suggestion,l am supported by a
similar recommendation in " the Committee of
the House of Lords appointed to enquire into the
practice of imprisonment for civil debt, and the
consequences thereof," by whose REPORT it is
suggested, " that a Jury might be impannelled
under the order of time Court obtained by the ap-
plication of either creditor or debtor, -to examine
the case," alleging, " that it does not appear
why such an inquest as determines in all questions
of Tort should not be competent to decide in cases
of Debt ;" and, "according to the. opinion of
the Jury, the Debtor might either be remanded
for further investigation of his affairs, or he might
be discharged upon the cession of his property."
p. 14. lam much inclined to fear that in the ab-
sence of a provision conformable to this recom-
mendation, it. may sometimes occur, as it here-
tofore certainly has, that " the detention of the
Debtor in prison has exceeded a term • much more
than sufficient to expiate the grossest profligacy.
which he could have committed in the contrac-
tion of the debt; especially where bounds to the
imputed guilt are necessarily placed by the exist-
ence of statutes to punish whatsoever could come
specifically under the description of fraud." p. 10.
Scrutator has contended, with some force,
that the Act hits not sufficieutly provided for the
protection of Creditors, and he has been very un-
'Paring in his general abuse of Debtors. It would

W. M-N.

Temple,. Nov. 7, S.

FOX AND PITT'.
•

[From the 'Morning PM.]
Peroration of
.some admirably pourtrayed Charac-
teristics of those truly great Men, taken from a
Manuscript Letter of the Baron VON LAUER•
WINKEL.

" ivlr. FOX was, I think, a man of great talents
and of great virtues, whose talents and virtues
were bosh better calculated for a leader of Parlia-
mentary Opposition, t,l►an for a Prime Minister of
England ; for his talents were rather of the de-
structive than of the constructive kind, and his
virtues were more those of an easy and gentle
heart than of a firm unshaken will. Providence
fixed him, during the far greater part of his life,
where he was best fitted to be, and was equally
.vise in determining the brighter fortune of his
rival.. That fortune,. however bright, was, never-
theless, to judge as men commonly do, no very
enviable boon.

"•The life of PITT was spent ail in labour,.
much of it in sorrow; but England and Europe
may thank their" God, his great spirit was formed
for its destiny, and never sunk into despondence.
Year after year rolled over his head, and saw his
hairs turning grey from care, not for himself, but
-for his country ; but every succeeding year left
this Atlas of the World as proudly inflexible bt•
neath his gigantic burthen as before. Rarely,
very rarely, has it happened that one man 101 had
it in his power to be so splendidly, so eternally,
the benefactor of his species. So long as England
preserves within her " guarded shore" the palla-
dium of all her heroes—the sacred pledge of free-
dom—his name will be the pride and glory of the
soil that gave him..birth. Nay, even should, at
.some distant day, the liberty of that favoured land
expire, in the memory of strangers he shall abun-
dantly have his reward; for that holy treasure
which he preserved to England might, but for the
high resolution of this Patriot Martyr, have been
lost for ever, not to her only, but to the world.

" He was a Man, take him for all in all,
We shall not look upon his like again !"

INTERNAL PROSPERITY OF THE HIGHLAND!.---
It is calculated that the Black Cattle, Wool,
Sheep, and Herrings, sold and sent from the
Highland district of Scotland, north of the Spey,
to the other quarters of the kingdom, within the
last six months, amount in value to at least
500,0001. ; a greater sum than was perhaps ever
before received in one year, for the whole pro-
duce of this district. We are happy in being able
to state, that these great branches of our provin-
cial exports have been at no period in more
nourishing circ►tmstances than at present. And
it gives us touch pleasure also to mention that the
only extensive manufactories in this quarter, viz.
those of hemp bagging, begin to participate like-
wise in the rapidly returning prosperity of the
country.—(lnuerness Courier.)

LITERARYREVIEW:

THE'VAST OF ST. MAVOALEN. a Romance. By Mies

ANNA MARLA PORTION, in Three Volumes. l2ino.

----g, Thou shalt leave
']Sack think, helored most dearly : 'tis the last shaft
Shot from the bow of exile.' CAR LY'S DANTE.

The hest Romances are those which, haying an
historical basis. excite or revive a relish fur the
higher and more substantial pursuits of literature.
A mere fiction, unless constructed with very ex-
traordinary ability, cannot produce any strong or
permanent interest ; and the many failures which
have bret►eitt this species ut writing into disre-
pute !lave been in a great measure occasioned by
is miscalc►tlation of the acquit ements necessary to
ensure success. Romance writers are too apt to
confine their reading exclusively to Rom:owes ;
and to this defective and fallacious course of study
tnav be ascribed all the incongruities, anachro-
nlsms, and blunders, which expose their la-
bm,rs to► ridicule, and speedily cut►sign thent to

From this reproach Miss PORTER is elliiiiC•idy
free ; in all her former producti,ns, the extent of
lter bistolic.al research has been contwrisitrate with
the wide range of her inventions ; and the store of
memorable facts which she has collected has served
at once to entich and to regulate the resources of
ler imagination. In the present etentftil story
she Las displayed it knowledge of life, and a pro-
ficiency hi the varieties of human character, which
might pot to the blush even an academic graduate,
•epecialiy when considered in relation to the ner•
vons eloquence which animates her style. In the
development of the passions, nu less than in the
recital of events, she has exercised equal penetra-
tion mud her scenes ate boldly ima-
gined and exqui,itely constructed, and they abound
With ?navy traits of nature, artlessly interspersed,
sshich give to this imaginary talc the vraisem-

Notice of real history.
The charm thus imparted to the work is en-
hanced by the wtsociations which its scene, its
mra, and its characters call forth. No period in
bingo annals can he more attractive than that of
the revival of letters, and no conwry during that
period more interesting than Italy, where that
important revival took place. We shall not
otherwise particularize the story than hy observ-
ing, that it is founded on an event connected with
the expulsion of the Menict from Florence, and
that it pre•ents a lively and picturesque detail of
the tommotions in Italy in the sixteenth century,
through the medium of a most interesting and
well-imagined series of adventures.
We subjoin as a specimen of the narrative, a
passage relating to one of the characters, in
whom centers the principal mystery :--
Where the trees pf an opposite chestiut grove crowded into
darker gloom, her attention was suddenly struck by some oh-
ject 'moving under their overhanging boughs. By the indis-
tinct light, for the moonbeams could not pierce such thick
umbraze, she thought she saw the figure of a man, ap-
proaching in the direction of the ruin ; and certainly she
bears footsteps. _ . ••

With ir►stinctive alarm, she now drew back, and cautiously
watched the object of her fears.
The man, pursuing his way, advanced from the shade into
the broad moonlight, and as be crossed the open space be-
tween the chesnut grove and the banqueting house, Ippolita
saw him distinctly.
It was the same person who had obstructed her path, and
asked his way, on that night which was never to be forgOtten:
the night of the Fast of St. Magdalen. She sow the same
equivocal look between ferocity and licentiousness; the same
cloak of faded crimson wrapping his large proportions ; the
same dark red plume s►treaming like a portentous meteor
over his haggard visage. Through the foldings of his
cloak, she even fancied she could discern the handle of a

dagger.
She shuddered. What was this man ? and wherefore came
he here ? perhaps the ruin was the haunt of robbers, and Ip-
rata might at this very moment be in the rendezvous of
murderers
Her blood froze at the conjecture : and bitterly did she
condemn that romantic fancy, which bad brought her in
search of sublime emot:ons, to find real horrors.
The stranger was now close to the building, fur she beard
his step in the outer court : she no longer saw him, for :he
Lid herself behind the masses of ivy.
The heavy clank of the man's spurs echoed in the ball be-
low; and believing that he was ascending the stairs, she was
just going to spring from the window, at the desperate hazard
of her life, when the voice of Valombrosa saluting him from
an opposite entrance below, as if this rencontre were an ap • .
',ointment, at first changed her terror into a joyful sense of
protection, and thence into amazement.
If this person were indeed the ill-omened bird that had
sung the death-song of Valombrosa's peace, why met they
again ? and why in this dismal solitude?
Suddenly alarmed for her benefactor, as she remembered
the stranger's dagger, her powers entirely forsook her; and
sinking down, she remained without the capability of speak-
ing or moving, an unwilling listener.
The stranger spoke in a hollow, sarcastic tone. " Time
wastes," he said ; " my necessities press ; I must be answer-
ed at once. Will you, or will you nut ?"
" Your demand is monstrous !" was Valombrosa's excla-
vation. " What will be suspected, if I au► known thus to
dismember my property, without being able to assio the
reason ? I granted your first demand, solely to preset ve my
honour in the world. I'll doubts your annuity if,"—bere Va-
lowbrosa's voice, which had before pierced Ippolita's ear with
its fearful acuteness, was so broken and stilled, that she
hard it but in murmurs.
" These lands in Romagna suit my affairs better," was
the stranger's reply. " 1 must be paid well, for holding my

tonne."
"do more ! no more !" interrupted Valombrosa, "
'know not what I may do—but if I do give you the deeds of
that property, on that very instant I shall expect you to sur-
render me those killing documents;—and that secret, which
now bows me to the grave—that damning secret ! you must
swear never to breathe, even into the ear of your confessor."
The dismal sigh which accompanied these words, was pro
longed be thr dreary echoes of the hall; and Ippolita, seized
by an emotion to which she could not have given a name, was
breathlessly trying to remove beyond reach of their voices,
when she caught perfotce the reply of the stranger. She al-
most fancied she saw the smile of derision with which it was

tittered. '" They are not sucti linees lie mine, that crear out

your confessionals."
A silence ensued, as if both speakers were pondering over
each other's•proposals. ippolita, trembling in every joint,
no longer with fear, but with strange and hideous imagina-
tions, softly tried the bolt of a door which opened on some
steps that led down the outside of the building into the

woods.
Fearful of being beard, yet throbbing with anxiety to

escape, she repeatedly shook the door, and while doing so
heard Valoathrosa abruptly exclaim, " Gtacious God! I, who
once thought dishonour impossible!—yet but for her I would
brave—he stopt, then madly added, " what 1. shall I submit
to a life of continual apprehension ?—no ! tell the tale at

once."

" Good night, then !" returned the stranger, with surly
defiance; " I can srll the secret high to some in Florence."
" Stay !—make your conditions!" Valombrosa called out
in accents of frantic despair. " Rather than live thus, in
slavery to a"—" Not a murderer!" interrupted his compa-
nion, and there was a inalignant expression in his tonr,which,
resseti to any other than Volumbrosa, would have frozen
tlita's blood.

addr

" That word again, and it is your last!" cried Valombrosa
in a Siemendons voi,x; and the violent action with which he
grasped his sword was repeated by the echoes.
" Keep your weapon in its scabbard!" was the growling
reply; " and I advise you to keep your tongue there too, if
yon would have me keep your secret ! Nide and passion, my
Lord 3larquis, are out good auxiliaries in such a business as
ours; another roan would have known long ago how to re-
venge himself for the affronts put upon him ;—but 1 am a
lamb !"—he laughed as he ended.
" And I alit desperate !" cried Valotuhrosa, in accents of
despair and agony; " Chafe me not beyond my power to
bear," he gasped out, after a pause ; " you know I am in
your power ;"—and here again Ippolita lust the distinctness
of his voice. in its agitated suffocation.

LONDON JOVRNALS.

[FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.]

[Morning Chronicle.]
A squadron of three merchairt vessels, for the
Havannah and Vera Cruz, left Cakz on tbe,l9th
of October, under convoy of the Sabina frigate'.
Not withstanding the late arrivals at that port,
trade still continues very dull ; every sort of ne-
gociation is difficult ; and foreign exchanges, al-
ways high, are now not to he effected at all. The
crew of a merchant vessel, called the Castille,
which was lately taken by an insurgent corsair,
off Cape St. Marie (`0 leagues from Cadiz), have
been landed on the coast. The Cast ille was from
Lima, and bad 660,000 piastres tortes on board,
with a cargo ealued'at as much, consisting chiefly
of cocoa. The l'reciosa, another ship with a
similar cargo, and to the sante &tumult, was still
missing, and great apprehensions entertained for
her safety.

[Morning Herald.]
THE, QUEEN.

"-li;te, Eight o'Clork, or.

" The QUEEN, we are sorry to say, continues
to decline rapidly. Last night she passed with
still less ease than the five or six preceding ones.
The paroxysms of coughing were violent and more
frequent than heretofore ; and her respiration was
performed with extreme difficulty.
" Both the Physicians, attended by 11r. Brandt.,
were in almost continual attendance throughout
the whole night ; but the means taken to relieve
the stifferings of her Majesty bad eery little effect.
" The Prince Regent remained at the Palace,
in a state of great anxiety, till after midnight,
when his Royal Highness, having had a confer-
ence with the Physicians, returned tu Carlton-

House.
" Sir Henry Ha'ford went to town to make
the report in person to his Royal Highness the
Prince Regent, and he returned to the Palace
early in the afternoon.
" lip to seven o'clock this evening, not the
slightest alleviation of her Majesty's illness had
taketr,place ; and, from every appearance, there
tvas too much reason to apprehend, that another
night of suffering would ensue.
"The gloominess of the day prevented the
Duchess of Gloucester from taking her usual walk,
and she passed the day in the apartments of her
Royal Sister, the Princess Augusta, who still con-
tinues much inflisposed.
" Their Royal Highnesses were visited in the
afternoon by the Duke of York.
" Great numbers of the neighbouring Nobility
and Gentry have made their respectful inquiries
at the Palace within the last three days." •

TFIEATRICAL REGISTER.
Performer! Last Night.
THEATRE TCOYAt., DRUAY-LANB.-..-The WW: Sir Solomon
Cynic, Mr. AV Atkinson; Alhina Nlandeville, Mts. gardyn.
Ally:. which, The Fulls of Clyde.
THEATRE RoYAL, CoeENT-GANDEN.--The Soldier's Daugh-
ter: Goremor Heil-tall, Mr. W. Farrell: the Widow
Cheerly, Miss O'Neill. After which, The Barber of Se-
ville.

*** For W. M---N, on THE ACT of IssoLvENcY, ice the
First Page.

MAILS.

A RRIVRD-1 IFiance, 1 Malta.
DVE-1 Dublin, 4 Walerford, 1 Holland.

PRICE o

le STOCKS
WELVE o'ct.ocic.
India 80nd5......565. 87s. pr.
South-Sea Stock 96
Old Annuities 761
Ex. Bills, I9s. ZOs. pr.
1 Cons. f",,r Account.. 780 77/
1 78 771

THIS ',AY AT r
3 per Cent. Red ...77 Ai 761 77
3 per Cent. Cons.... 7811 77ii
31 per Cent. 864
4 per Cents. 954 ii
b per Cent. Navy Aiun...loBi4
Bank L. Ann.. —2O 1-16th

111C11 WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning, 27 minutes after 2. I Evening, 47 minutes alfer 2.

THE SUN.

lIIILEM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT

LONDON,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1818.
