FRENCH.

DRESS OF THE COURT or FRANce.-r-White tulle petticoat
and body, richly embroidered in flower► stripes of silver, over
white satin, and trimmed at the border with four full flutings
of white satin ribbon. Mantra train of grPs-de-Naples of a
bright jonquil colour, ornamented with damask roses, white
roses, and golden ears of corn. Ruby necklace, car-rings, and
cestus clasp. The hair dressed full, and encircled by two
wreaths of damask and white roses, with ears of corn. Court
lappets of very fine broad Brussels lace. White kid gloves,
with glove tops of puffed satin ribbon. White satin shoes.

(From ilek,rmann's Repository of nets, Fashions, 4.. c.)
WALKING Ditcss.—A lemon-coloured pelisse of shagreen
gros•de-Napt,s, or double twilled sarcenet. This pelisse
is of a peculiarly
,kovel and elegant fashion, being trionned
round the border with two narrow fluted full flounces,
headed by a layer of white satin, which gives a splendid
finish to the dress, and renders it wore adapted to the
earliage or public promenade: the collar and wrists of
the sleeves arc trimmed to correspond with the border.
Large bonnet of pale pink gossamer satin, edged with two
rows of blond, of a rich pattern, and crowned with a half-
wreath of flowers. Double morning roll' of fine Mechlin lace.
Marine boots, Parisian ridicule, and Limerick gloves.
PisivarE CoNceur CosTome.---lioutid dress of white net
over white satin, with 101 l stout sleeves of the same materials.
This dress is most superbly finished at the border by a rich
enabosstueut of satin and chenille. The bust is chastely
displayed with a beautiful falling tucker of fine broad
and the shoulders, less exposed than for these se-
veral months past, are shielded by a double Valois roll.
Fancy diadem headdress of pearls, forming; a toripre of
! most elegant aad novel kiltd, through the openings of
whirl' the hair appears in glossy braids or curls. At the
hack port of the summit of the head is fixed a'beatatitni bou-
quet offull-blown roses. Ear-rings in he shape of a cross,
with a necklace c's Paulier, and carved
, ivory fan, ore the pro-
per appendages to this costume. Ihe shoes are of ww,t,. satin,
or of sliagreen'gros-de-Najoles; and tie gloves of while kid.

The rissert service of China, made by order of
the King of SAXONY as a present to the Duke 4,1
IVELLINGTots, consists of numerous pieces, on
Which are beautifully painted his Grace's vic-
tories, oruoukented rGund with wreaths of laure
4till oak.

FOR TH 1 st..;

TO THE TRUE i.orEtts or THEIR cOurrttr.

FELLow CoUNtal-MEN----The tithe has at length
arrived, when it svOnld be Worse than folly to ie-
main idle spectatots Of the occurrences that da lv,
hourly, pasS before OM. view. The eyes Of En-
rope—the eyes of the whole Civilised World
anxiously behold the transactions that are non,
passing io this your beloved Coentry; and they
wait with the greatest impatience for the result
They wait with an iMpeti'erice equal to the end
to whiCh they have directed their attention ; as
they are only looking for an opportooily to take
advantage of the general contusion Which Must
ine'vitabl'y arise from the measures nom adopted,
and acted upon with the most diabolical anti w ick-
ed detettnittation, by a set of oleo unworthy alike
of the name of glitons, as of Christians. What
do rue expect, what good will result, or what
advantage be derived, from the proceedings now
taking by a licentious and bemocitatical Rabble ?
Is it from them, or by their meani, that a -Re-
form is to be brought about ? God forbid! God
deliver us from such Reforms ! A Reform it would
be, but such an one that the greatest enemy of
lAs Country would not wish to see effected. It
would be an exchange from all that is good, all
that is enviable, and a twirl loss of that Constitu-
tion, under which you anti your Fathers have
lived and enjoyell every liberty that can be desir-
ed, for that which is evil, and to be despised;
exchanging a free, lenient, and impartial Law,
for a despot;c, hat sit, and bloody system ; sur-
rendering that Constitution which your Forefa-
thers bled in obtaining, for Anarchy and Atheism.
Arise, then, Britons—Awake limn the lethargy
which has seized you, and rally around that Consti-
tution which has been your boast and your pride;
that Constitution is hich the most distant Nations
have been desirous of taking, and adopting for a
model, and which, I hope, and sincerely trust,
will, by your efforts, be rescued front a set of de-
signing aed artful men. Let the world see that
thete are rt men worthy of the neme of Britons,
and who are willing to come forward and shed the
last drop of their blood in the defence of their
Country and its Lan's.
It is needless to enumerate the evils arising
from an Anarchical or popular form of Govern-
ment, as every one is well aware, that that, and
that alone, was the cause of the' overthrow of
Rome, of Carthage, and of Athens, and will
finally be the ruin of our own Country, unless
some prompt measures are adopted for the sup-
pression of the growing danger. If such, their,
is the consequence lately to result, and be expect-
ed from the Retotm, which the factions Dema-
gogues of the present day are endeavouring and
desirous to bring Omit, does it not behove every
man, who is not lost to a proper sense of feeling,
to come forward and declare his determination to
resist any attempt made to alter the Lews and
Constitution of the Country ? The question must
not. be now seised, whether this or that man is
the abler and better Statesman, but whether the
Laws, as they now stand, and have stood for cen-
turies, are to, be preferred to a sate of Anarchy
and Coofusioo, which would ultimately resolve
into a despotism of the very worse description;
that of art unprincipled,upstelt ; one chosen by a
discontented and licentious populace. • That such
a despotism would be the consequence of the
general 'confusion, is' a fact not to doohtel, and
must, of necessity, arise from the exhausted and
impoverished state of the people ; who, wont out
and satiated by the possession of those- things
which had been the cause of their discontent,
would be glad, under any terms, to seek that re-
pose, which, front the nature and disposi!ion of
the multitude, could not be expected. They would
then find, by dear-bought experience, the dit-
ference between a mild and impartial admittistra•
Lion of the Lrws, and the tyrannic sway of a
worthless Despin, to whom no tippositioli could
be made ; and to whose decrees they would he
compelled, however unwillingly, to submit. They
would then look back with heavy hearts to that
state from which they had fallen, and curse those
who had been the instigators of their disaffection.
They would find thit the possession of those
things which had excited their envy and cupidity,
would not of themselves confer that happiness
which they vainly expected, and which they, in
their infatuated fury, had been led to suppose
would be the result of their exertions in that
cause which they had espoused.
Instances are not wanting, and many might be
mentioned, to spew, that it is impossible for any
good to result from the line of conduct pursued
by the self-styled Patriots : a set of men lost to
every sense of duty, either in a moral or political
point of view, and who are only desirous of a
change, in hopes, that in the general confusion
which would of consequence take place before
that could be effected, something might be gained
—something obtained, to gratify their sordid and
avaricious dispositions, and to gain which they
ate willing to destroy—all sense of Religion—all
social Society. However, let us hope the eyes of
Englishmen are beginning to open, and that they
trill shortly .see the danger that surrounds them,
and be convinced that they would only make au
exchange of good for evil; of freedom for slavery.
They have seen, and are too well acquainted with
t lie measures that effected the Revolution in
France, to be any longer led away by those hack-
neyed terms of. Litter. y and Equality. They
know these were the watch-words of those who
afterwards became the most worthless and despo-
tic tyrants, but who were at lest compelled to
yield to one of 'the greatest Despots the world ere
knew.
Fellow.Conntrymen ! look to your homes, look
to your wives and families, think but for a mo-
ment, and you will be convinced of the necessity
these is for now boldly standing forward, and de-
claring. your intentions : think not, that by re-
maining neuter you will be able to escape the
blow that will be obiscrintinately aimed a: atl,who
bate any pretensions to tespectabilb y, or who
respect religion and good, order Come forwatd,
then, boldly, maotidly, and loyally; deel,ire youir
resolution, and, by the energy of yoer united en-
deavours, stlike terror into the disaffected, 8-1,0
animate the lukewarm spectators by your noble
&RA n6llllOOll NMI example. you are not tee.-
rant of the exertions that are made by the Ene-
mies of the Laws and Revilers of your King and

Constitution. I say; your King and your Con-
stitution; because the Disaffected are not worthy
of the .benefits deried from those invaluable
blessings.. They have their Committees; their
Subscriptions, and their Agents, in all parts
Of else United Kingdoto. for. the purpoie of
instilling into- the Idle and the Wm thless the seeds
of sedition and disaffection. That there are
always to be found some who willingly turn
their attention to any thing that holds out
the prospect of a change, is a fact not to be
doubted, or to be Wondered at ; girt it is with
feelings of the deepest 'egret that we view the
means now taken, and 1 am sorry to say, bat too
effectually, to instil the poison of, diScontent among
:hose who have formerly been able to support their
tamilies decently, if not in ,atlinence. It is the
mote to be regretted that their diabolical attempts
hate been attended with success, as it will tieces-
sat ily take a considerable time before these deluded
melt can be again brought to think and act consist-
ently with their former characters and situations in
life. These men are now so completely estranged
from the habits of industry in which they have bean
brought up, and their attention has been so long
taken from their different calliugs; that it is doubt-
ful whether they will ever again return to them ;
and if they'do, it Will be ivith the greatest reluc-
tance. They little think that the course they are
now pursuing will eventually bring them to ruin
and to misery, ancl'thattbey will be under the
necessity of seeking that relief which they had
formerly looked upon with contempt, and con-
sidered as beneath them to accept ; hot -that
this will be their tate, and that they be-
come a borthen to their respective parishes eau-
not be doubted. When that time arrives, farewell
to their former independence, farewell to that spi-
rit which has been able to support them in their
former ptivations. Parish relict has always been
looked upon by a email) class of society with
the greatest contempt, and they have never sought
it but in the last extremity, and when every oilier
source has failed ; and they have ctonsidcred it as
a degradation to apply to their parish, and as a.
step not to he taken until evet y effort has failed,
every sacrifice been made to avoid so disgraceful
an application. Ifasuch then has been their for-
mer feelings of independence, it cannot but be
regretted that they should now pay such Wolfs-
' Irons attention to the doctrines held nut to them,
as it must follow as au inevitable consequence,
that they will become idle, dissolute, and lost.
to every sense of shame, and will no longer
feel any reluctance in availing themselves of the
means which will enable them to continue in
their present habits. The Lower Orders of society,
as they are called,but among whom there are good
as well as bad, have in this country bet:l)M ways
celebrated for a free and noble mind, and have
always shunned that which had the appearance of
servility or meanness; bot,alasl that feeling seems
to have .fled ; and they will shortly have lost all
idea of that independence which was formerly
their boast ; and will likewise lose the liberty
they now enjoy, but have not the good sense
to discover, in vainly endeavouring to obtain
an unlimited and dangerous freedom. if the
Disaffected and 111-disposed have Committees for
the put pose of more easily and widely propagat-
ing their evil intentions, it is absolutely necessary
that some means should be- adopted for coun-
teracting their ends. Let, then, Committees be
formed in every City and Town throughout the
Kingdom; end let Declarationr be signed, to sltew
the numbers and respectability of those who stand
forward in support of the Convitution. There
is still a good spirit in the Country—it only wants
calling into action--when once aroused, no mea-
sures will be lett untried for attaining this de-
sirable end. Let us fight the Enemy with their
own weapons.
I.OVER OF HIS KING, HIS COUNTRY,
AND ITS LAWS.

AGRICULTURE, &c.

MONTHLY RF,PoRT FOR OCTOBER

The young Wheats in the forward seed districts
show a strong and ND plant. The filth lor wheat,
in consequence of the late favourable showers,
is universally good ; but the farmers, in general,
are protracting their seed season, because in the
late uncommnoily mild winter, the latest sown
wheats chanced to be the best—as sportsmen ge-
nerally back the winning racer. Turnips, greatly
improved by the rains, mey he deemed upon the
average a fair crop ; grass and fodder superabun-
dant, with store stock in plenty ; we are thus at
ease wiih respect to flesh provisions, as well as
bread ; our only want Indeed in this glorious
country being a q. s. of t.olitical honesty, which
might cause these Nature's blessings to circulaet
with just, due, and universal equality, into the er-
mot est quarters. Young Si ore Pigs of the superior
breeds have been deer : but front the quantit of or-
dinary barley, Polk and bacon may be considerably
reduced in price. Clover seed is not a good crop.
Cyder and home-trade Wines will be plentiful.—
Hops are in great plenty ; but speculation, al-
ways beneficial in a plentiful country, has re-
cently infused some life into the markets. Wool
is in somewhat rester demand. Potatoes a mid-
diiog crop of middling quality. Sheep and Cattle
fetch every where considerable prices ; in some
parts exit tiOrdill4ry. Opinions settled with re-
spect to the coin crops both of this country and
the opposite continent ; they scarcely reach an
average (Straw rxcepted) in quatttity, not one
quarter fine in quality. Tt:e Bedfordshire Report
has settled the rationale of the gleaning quesion.
