expressive of their wish that the loans of the
Cortes should be recognized. There certainly
prevails an impression that the necessities of the
Spanish Government will at last extort a recog-
nition from it ; and. indeed we are rather sur-
prized that the French Ministers, who have
so strong an, interest in the maintenance of
Spanish credit here as they must wish to
extract as much as possible from us ,in the
way of loan, did not set their faces against
the measure of the Ist October. The 'recogni-
tion would not have made the debt one whit
more vuluable,,liecause Spain, since the resump-
tion of the Church and. Corporation land's, has no
Means whatever of paying either principal or in-
terest of any of the Bonds. In a year or two
these securities will, with or without a recogni-
tion, be utterly unmarketable. But.a recognition
would raise them in public estimation for a time,
and enable' the present holders to throw the loss
on others.

the new system of Administration in Spain, what-
ever it may be, in a train of regUlar operation.
Spanish Bonds had fallen 3 per cent. in Paris,
viz.: from 31 to 9.8, owing to the transmission of
a large quantity of them from this country, where
their price was lately so much lower than in
France.

- [BRITISH PAW.]
The Paris Papers of. Saturday and Sunday,
with the private letters of our correspondent,
reached our office yesterday. It appears by a
telegraphic dispatch in Saturday's. Moniteur,
from Lnuriston -to the MU-lister of War, that
Lerida agreed to capitulate on the 113th ;. and
the dispatch states this important place was
to be delivered up on the 30th. Lobera, who
commanded, would not yield .the fortress if he
could holdout; and we fear the Constitutional
leaders will not venture to defeud Catalonia any
longer. The menace of being denounced by
and the
Ferdinand as traitors, summons, bucked
by an overwhelming French force, moy have
dismayed them, and induced Mina, Milans,
Rotten, and Llobera, to cease hostilities. In
this way the Governor of Carthagena, who
refused to give up the place on Ferdinand's
orders, and fired upon the messenger, has been
denounced a traitor by the Commandant-Ge-
neral of the Province of Murcia, "c and an enemy
to the royal rights" of the Tyrant. The entire
Faith banditti of Murcia are summoned to take
a part against him : from them, however, if
French troops do not beleaguer him, he has little
to fear. The forts of Seu d'Urrel are stated also
to have been taken: accounts from Ax, dated at
six o'clock of the 20th, state their surrender,
but merely on assertion : we fear, however,
the intelligence is but too true. Hosti-
lities, it is also stated, under date from
Mataro, of the 20th, had ceased before Barce-
lona, in consequence of au order brought from the
tyrant of Spain by one of his Grandees. It is
asserted that Augouleme's remonstrances, re-
peated by Talaru, and backed by threats of de-
sertion from both, had induced Ferdinand and
his Secretary Suez to suspend his late de-
crees and those of the Regency : the con-
cession, it is added, was unwillingly made
by the tyrant. I‘lilitary occupation of Spain will
be taken by the French ; and 10,000 men, it is
said, will garrison Cadiz; this will be a danger-
ous force in the neighbourhood of Gibraltar. The
two Northern despots, Alexander and Francis,
had met at Czernowitz, to plan the future spolia-
tiou of the Turkish provinces in secret, and
confirm by new suggestions the slavery of
Italy and central Europe. The European pro-
vinces of the
.Ottoman are tho splendid prey
on which the eye of the Autocrat has been
long fixed : he would clutch them whole and
exclusively, if he dared ; but as he cannot do so,
be will let Francis of Austria have a share as the
price of his Pandours and Ids aid in dismember-
ing the tumbling kingdom of the Prophet. How
far will the diplomacy of Lord Strangford, or the
remonstrances of England,avail against this long-
, meditated plan of ambition ?

a criminal intercotirse during this period was that of the woman
herself ( whose character rendered.her totally unworthy of credit),
and the defendant's letters; while on the other hand it was allow-
ed by Pooke, one of the promoter'e own witnesses, and who
was also Mr..Perriag's servant, that during the period of their
stay in Bath, Mr. Perring did not cohabit with her as far as
the witness knew ; and this was confirmed by the fact of Miss
Wyatt's (a respectable young woman) sleeping with Mrs.
Blackburn during that period. He was therefore justified itl
pleading this statute in a similar way to the practice of other
courts with respect to the Statute of Limitations. The second
objection taken by the Learned Counsel was, that her real
name was Badham, and not Blackburn, and that the misnomer
was fatal to the libel, as it would be to an indictment in a civil
court. He next objected that allrhe places where incontinence
was alleged to have taken place, were notpropounded in the
libel, as they ought to have been ; and the defendant could only
be expected to apply counter evidence applicable to the places
propounded. If, therefore, the Statute of Limitations were rul-
ed against him, he should contend that the evidence did not
establish the charge against his client.
The Mellor, here referred to a portion of the evidence with
respect to the alleged transactions at Bath.
The Learned Counsel proceeded,.—The evidence of Susan
Wyatt ought to stand perfectly distinct and separate from that
of Mrs. Blackburn, who was allowed to be unworthy of credit.
It seems Miss Wyatt thought the parties were courting, or she
would never, as a respectable woman, have consented to sleep
with Mn. Blackburn, nor would her uncle, with whom she was
on a visit, have allowed her so to do, because it would have been
destructive of her own credit and respectability. " I do not
mean (said the eloquent gentleman) to push the female charac-
ter too far ; but as I advance in lift I am more and more con-
vinced, that chastity is the zone with which all the female vir»
toes are included and bound together : this lost, all title to the
others is forfeited." In conclusion, Mr. Tancred said, though
his client might have impradently suffered himself to be en-
trapped by an wild woman, he hoped it would be recollected
that the scandalous intercourse alleged had not taken place
within his LOrdship's diocess, and still less in the parish of
which the defendant had the spiritual sumintendence.
Mr. STEVENS, after applying the maxim Plat justitia,
proceeded to answer the objections of the defendant's Counsel.
With respect to the first, he contended that no statute narrowed
the jurisdiction of a Court without direct reference to It by
name, and that the 27th (leo. 111., c. 44, did not affect the case
before this Court; and there was no instance on any of the
books of its having been pleaded by any civilian in a similar
manner: the absence of such proof, therefore, was decisive.
In the second objection his Learned Friend was not more for-
tunate ; Mrs. Blackburn having been arrested and imprisoned
under that name—whereas, if her name had been Badham, she
would have been instantly discharged, and an action would lie
for false imprisonment. As to the proof of a criminal inter.
course, he would rest the case on the evidence of Pooke alone,
who attended them at Eshain, Hastings, Brighton, London,
Bath, and other places, in which only one bed-room was ever
provided for them. The case, the Learned Gentleman said,
was a most important one to the interests over which his Lord.
ship presided, and he was, sure that the convictipn of the- de-
fendant, though it involved the loss of his living, would be the
consequence of his imprudence.
reeENCE.—On Fridaylest the Worshipful the Chancellor
of the Diocese, as the Bishop's, Commissary, read sentence in
the above cause, by which the defendant was suspended from
his benefice for three years, with a deprivation of the income
for that time, and condemned in costs.
