DEPARTURES.

The fitting up of the Bazaar was completed about twelve
o'clock. The appearance of the whole was most splendid,
and deserved the greatest praise. About twelve o'clock the,
public were admitted for 6d. Great numbers availed them-
selves of this opportunity 'of seeing the interior, and ex-
pressed themselves highly pleased with the appearance and
the arrangements. Among the visitors were some of our
most respectable citizens. A large sum was drawn.
In noticing the manner in which the Bazaar had been
fitted up, and the great uses it may now be turned to, and
which every one now really seeing these improvements only
wondered how such a thing had not long ago been thought
of. By these splendid improvements the trades of Glasgow
have been amply and comfortably accommodated on this
occasion, and at a twentieth part of the expense which it
would have otherwise cost ; and we must say, that although
Mr. J. Campbell, to whose good taste and exertions the
community are principally indebted for these great improve-
ments, may differ a shade in political sentiments with this
first assemblage of the citizens on these splendid premises,
circumstances might well entitle that gentleman to his being
made the subject of one of the toasts of the day.
In our last, allusion was made to the refusal of the Gas
Company to supply gas for lighting up the Hall. This,
we learn, arose from the absence, at the moment, of Mr.
Neilson, the engineer, and from a knowledge, on the part
of the manager, that the main in Candleriggs was not large
enough for the supply required. A number of gentlemen
attending the Exchange, on learning this refusal, applied to
the manager on the subject, who consulted with Mr. Neil-
son, and the result was, that the gas was to be supplied.
This was done from the main in Hutcheson-street, along
Ingram-street and Candleriggs, to the Bazaar, by pipes laid
for the purpose above ground.
There had never been such a banquet hall fitted up in
Scotland as this was. But for the elevation of the roof, it
even surpasses what Westminster Hall was on the corona-
tion of George IV.
The whole of the 2,000 tickets were *sold. We un-
derstand that besides the principal Reformers in the
West of Scotland, Sir John Maxwell, Mr. Wallace, M.P.,
Captain Speirs, M.P., Dr. Bowring, M.P., Mr. Gillon,
M.P., Mr. Ruthven, M.P. and Mr. M. O'Connell, M.P.,
honoured the meeting by their presence.
We understand that Mr. O'Connell, after leaving Glas-
gow, intends to spend two days with Mr. Wallace, M.P.,
at Kelly House, near Greenock.
The Committee, and the various bodies who were to
form the escort, assembled at the head of London-street,
at eleven o'clock forenoon, and, after arranging themselves,
they proceeded to meet Mr. O'Connell on the Airdrie
Road. The Magistrates, the Dinner Committee, and the
Committee of the Trades, and a great number of ladies and
gentlemen in carriages, preceded the procession, and drove
on to Airdrie. Meanwhile the procession, with bands of
music playing, and a great number of banners flying, marched
out to the village of Westmuir. The first in ordr was the
body of Loyal Irish Reformers and United Labourers, with
their flag which cost 10/ , bearing the following device :
Harp—supported by two Wolf Dogs----motto,
" Gentle while strok'd,
But fierce if provok'd."
Ireland as she ought to be,
Great,.glorious, and free,
First tlbwer of the earth,
First gem of the sea.
Opposite—Full length figure of Mr. O'Connell, with the
Tithe Bill in hand.

Lord Carew, from Waterford, for Castle Borro ' • the Dow-
ager Countess of Hardwick, from her seat, Tittenhanger Hall,
Herts, for Scotland; Hon. George Arbuthnot, for Scotland ;
Major Tynte, from Paris, on a Continental tour; Lieutenant-
Colonel Clive, for Cheltenham ; Mrs. Dundas and Hon. Miss
Dundas, from Batt's Hotel, Dover-street, for Sussex; Mr.
and Mrs. Hatch Abdy, and Mrs. Mills, from ditto, for their
seat, Essex ; Hon. W. G. Osborn, from ditto, for Sussex ;
Colonel and Mrs. Arbuthnot, and family, from Warren's
Hotel, Regent-street, for Cork; Mr. and Mrs. Ranken, and
family, from ditto, for Vienna; Mr. and Mrs. Marsham, from
ditto, for Norfolk ; the Hon. Mrs. Dundas, from the St.
George's Hotel, Albemarle-street, for Edinburgh ; W. B.
Callender, Esq., from ditto, for ditto ; Miss ,Ponsonby, from
ditto, for Devonshire; Edward Simeon, Esq., from the
Waterloo Hotel, Jermyn-street, for Aldborough, Suffolk ;
Captain Patterson and family, for Southend; Colonel and
Mrs. Hunter Blair, from the St. James's Hotel, Jermyn-street,
for Scotland.

In Spain there are 12 newspapers ; in Portugal,
17 ; in Switzerland, 36 ;• in Belgium, 62 ; in Denmark,
80 ; in Austria, 82 ; in Russia and Poland, 84 ; in Hol-
land, 150 ; in Great Britain, 274 ; in Prussia, 288 ; in the
other Germanip States, 305 ; in Australia, 9 ; in Africa,
12 ; in Asia, 27 ; and in America, 1,138. The total
number of newspapers published in Europe is 2,148.—
German Paper.
TUNBRIDGE WELLS.—The subject of the South
Eastern Railway excites very great interest here, from the
important results which are anticipated to the town from its
construction. A preliminary meeting has been held within
the last few days ; and a public meeting on this question
will be held early in the ensuing month. Our theatre closes
on the Ist of October, after an active season, in which many
novelties have been produced. The weather continues un-
favourable for out-door promenades, but we have, never-
theless, a fair share of fashionable `risitors. Amongst the
latest arrivals are the Earl and Countess of Galloway and
family, at the Royal Victoria Hotel ; the Hon. Edmund
Byng, and Lady Thomas, in Berkeley-place ; Mr. and
Mrs. Garford, at Somerville House ; Miss Dobie, at
Fonthill-house ; Major and Mrs. Barrows, at Grove-hill, &c.
The Gardens of the Zoological Society .have just
received an addition of three camels and four ostriches from
Sir Thomas Reid, his Majesty's Consul at Tunis, which ar-
rived last Friday.
GOLD IN CANADA.—Native gold has been picked
up about 30 miles to the southward of Quebec. It was
met with in a small stream running into the Chandiere,
and over a region, as I suspect, of talcose slate. A similar
specimen was found in the same neighbourhood several
years ago. That in question is of a flat ovate form, weighs
10.63 grains, and has a specific gravity of 15.7. The geo-
logical associations of this ore appear to be analogous to
those of the llusian and American localities. It is worthy
of notice, that in the neighboßhpqd er the plapp wlwep Abp
gold was found, two or three Canadian peasants have 'been
mining for several years past. After the year 1825, I visi-
thc scene of their operations, and found a shaft, 10 feet
cube, sunk in talcoso slate, he pFedp9inathT rocks at hand
being of serpentine. I have laiely lieeitUfitruliecT 'that OP
depth of this shaft is now upwards of 50 feet. At the pe-
riod of my visit, silver was said to 166 of search;
and pr.ltiming that they had mistaken the dje-c'e-ptiv.e lustre
dissuade them
Of Ale `g,i,T'e4. ph; for that of this metal, I endeavoured to
160'1 apnrsiiie. ilaS yet
,ransl.-.,.. is to thaF generally considered
not to have been encouraging ; and yet it is scarcely
conceivable that they would persevere through S 9
years, without being btinnjated to 'St? I)k‘ 4 P
11e 4tagi
tial return--.a eonsideratioa which, joined tti what is statou
above, renders it not improbable that they have met
some small deposit of 501 t
-€ Scicticfr :41nerican Journal

't, -

At the east end of the village of Westmuir a triumphal
arch was formed of bushes and flowers, over which was
printed on a ticket in large letters the words—" Moral
power will emancipate the world." The procession stopped
on the west side of the arch, and formed two lines, through
which Mr. O'Connell was to pass ; a force of upwards of
forty police officers, under the order of Marshal Watson
and his Lieutenants, were stationed beyond the arch, form-
ing a line on each side to keep the ground. A vast multi-
tude of spectators lining both sides of the road as far as the
eye could see—crowding windows and the tops of houses,
and every height from which_ a view could be commaeued.
The thousands thus assembled' waited for nearly an hour
impatient to hail the illustrious visitor, as seOn as his car-
riage would appear, but intelligence arrived which set the
whole mass in commotion. It had been stated that Mr.
O'Connell was coming by Parkhead, and in that direction
the crowd ran, and thither The police and the procession
moved. A halt was made on the road for a considerable
ti me. At length carriages arrived bringing gentlemen of
the Committee that bad been at that town, but
all they could say concerning the cause of the delay and
diappointment was, that Mr. O'Connell was coming by the
Falkirk-road. This was enough to turn the multitude
away from the place where they wore anxiously waiting, but
to prevent further disappointment, the procession, preceded
by the police force, marched directly to the Green.
By eleven o'clock crowds began to assemble in the Green.
By two the multitude was immense around the hustings,
which were erected at the foot of the declivity fronting
Monteith-row, and every eye was ditvotoil towards the foot
of Salt-market, antipipation of Mr. O'Connell's arrival.
tine moved on, and still there was no appearance of
t e expected processions. Rumours of every description
were soon afloat, and ere long it came to be gotkudlx un-
derstood that Mr. O'Connell had gotrs fip,pd byFalkirk,
and coosequently that►e, ccAd tiot be expected to meet
the. fitdeession'iAielcwaited his arrival on the Airdrie-road. '
The disappointed thouspds who had gone towards Bail-
..tong wits the trades' committee now poured into
the Green, and in a short time the procession itself Nri§ to
17.113 c, 4.l'w S 4 7 11?arket,
aid be seen winding slowly round
sate.Fing thegrpatol4 scene was
now QT. intense ttlt-OPSI. 11,c1.5.*. 11%10.4§ Rll4 Ain:,
amid alPYPit'§,§ bei"""
; bqwqp 019 hu'tin— a., rind
I.Ptii 'do -- anu the river the
Sato , by
„,,u animation ; while towards the

..•ilea the procession was approaching the count-
less multitude presented an undulating appearance, which,
combined with the sound of the music and the waving of
the banners, altogether formed a scene of sublime grandeur.

(--e--
A//-
,f L
)017
r e the price 0e ',
and de dating the currency,
resorts now to the e tricks yebieotry, to give him ant
e . ,
artificial importance.—(Renewed cheers.) There was ane
other, and a livelier reason, why he should go to Falkirk
It returned to Parliament one of the five Scottish member*
who stood by Ireland when Lord Stanley levelled at her
the infernal mach* of the Coercion Bill._(Cheers.) He
could not but see the spot that returned his friend, and. the friend of Ireland, and the friend of liberty, Gillen of
Falkirk. He solemnly assured them of that fact. He
shoul.:l he oceae
- did not leave his carriage to consume one morsel. of food,
nreee since yestere
and so determined was he that no delay
_ sloped by him, that the only food he swell
' day was food he swallowed in the carria.:e ne it came along.
es in fault,debee
.
It was now announced by Mr. Watson, supermtendent of He stated that to show bow very lit*:ie he le
police, that Mr. O'Connell was in the city, and would cept in his calculations, and he beeped the a ti
speedily be on the Green,
accepted.—(Cheers.) All he required trdoogytowo make a°
riage made its apnieera and_ 'in a short time an open car-
e 7.ce at the west entrance, in which speech was to adopt the address which had been rescet d
was seated the I.:.oerator of Ireland. Mr. O'Connell kept to him, except where they 'exae.ecrated the praise ofP Vmseelf
—(No, no)—and yet lie was proud even of that e .4r • eer
the cerrieke-way by the side of the river till near the Hu-mane Society-house. He then struck across towards the tion, as it showed the. rowerful feelings by 'which ?beagbwerae"
actuated, when they 'At such a small feoutiseiece On. the
hustings, and was to be seen as he approached and viewed
lofty pedestal to w'
the multitude, clasping his hands together and then throw-nich they had raised him.—(Cheers )
ing wide his arms as if overcome with awe at the scene be- But to the busirefee at we 'the .
s once., must put down House
fore him. As he came to the foot of the steps his progress of Lords.-1 C
'heers.) I e are slaves—ye are miserable
was rendered extremely slow from the eagerness with which minion, .
_, '• .
r— ou have no choice for -o sel s till
the crowd pressed in upon him, in order to have the honour , tle - 'l'
.4T' HousePowethoroughly refereed. Many .)ur
had%eb
be ways been
of a grasp of his hand. As yet, however, he was but per- 1
__,,
P o osed for reforming them. He would tell theta what
tially seen, and the cheering was in consequence Partial „end
had;Pproposed C 1 Chalk F 1 It -
been at la arm . was proposed by
faint. But so soon as he took his place on ti-Le hustiors,
didone worthy elector to cleanse the House of Lords as they
and turned round upon the scene, then be was with the Augean stable ; and how was that done ? asked
a shout which must have go- to his i'•
, de -earl, as an irresistible
another. By turning a river through it.—(A laugh.)
proof that the men of r.l ve • •
ex asgow S .opathieed with the wrongs Why, said the other, instead of turning tl e river into the,
of Ireland, an ,1
.. were read;, to assist him in his' glorious House of Lords,lwould '"
'
turn the House of Lords into
eff"'`' • h f - degradationand
_es_ to rescue her .rorn her present .—(Loud che •
g.) Though lie liked a joke very
well, and was as fop,[ of humbug as any one—(Great
Any description of me. O'Connell's personal appearance laughter)—that woval be carrying the joke a little too far
would be at ',:tie present day entirely s uperfluous. Hehe would not ever, sprinkle a drop of water on them ; but
travel
dressed 'in a green surtout, and green trowsers, with a blue this he would dee he would insist on introducing the principle
ling cap. He was scarcely seated, when Sir John of represents ,:ion into the House, and that the House of
Maxwell came upon the hustings, and, shaking hands with Lords shoedd no longer be irresponsible.—(Cheers.) In
him, alluded to the splendid compliment paid him by the the past they had shown themselves the enemies of every
citizens of Glasgow. To this Mr. O'Connell replied by sp„ies
of reform. If the combination laws had been still
one emphatic look to the myriads around him, and by rais- in forre, and the Lords under their operation, they would
ing his hand in mute astonishment. Dr. Bowring, who was certr;inly have been indicted for an illegal combination.---
also present, declared, that he had never witnessed so sub- (Cheers and laughter.) They had their house of call toe--
lime a scene.
( On the motion of Mr. ABRAM DUNCAN, Mr. JOHN A laugh.) Not such a house of call as honest tradesmen
have to better their condition, but as knaves such as those
APKECHNIE was called to the chair. in Gil Bias, to see how they could best keep up the system
The CHAIRMAN then addressed the meeting very shortly. of plunder.—(Great cheering.) They met at Apsley
He adverted to the manner in which the people of Glasgow House, which the people had bought for the Duke of
had maintained their character for love and o der, when met Wellington, to decide on how many d measures they
goo
together on that Green in times of trial and suffering ; and could destroy. The public mind they did not care °d.
then called upon them to exhibit the same good conduct, for. They were against the people— every mothers' son
convened, as they were now, in brighter times, and to do
of them, whoever 'their fathers might be.—(Cheers and
honour to one of the first on the list of patriots. He then
laughter.) It might be asked why had they not seen
called on Mr. Hugh Graham to read the general address,
sooner that the Lords were against liberty, and tried to
from the working classes of Glasgow, and sat down amidst
the applause of the meeting. reform ? He would answer it
was obvious 4.
that 1. eeiore:
they obtained reform the Lords disguised their powev
Mr. GRAHAM then read the following address. When under the name of their nominees in the House of Ce ne-
he came to that passage in which a resolution is announced mons. The House et Commons were the nominees. of
to demand "equal laws and equal rights to 'all who contri-
s, a
the House of Lordrid did its dirty work. To keep their
bute to the maintenance of our municipal and national
masters free the Louse of Commons took the spoiling or the
governments," Mr. O'Connell smiled, took off his cap, and
bowedearound amid the cheers of the multitude. people; they themselves getting a share of the spoil. Then
ADDRESS OF THE TRADES TO MR. O'CONNELL. we d:'id not see the evils of the House of Lords ; lout when
`° Honoured and Respected Sir,—The operatives and non- ,Parliamentary
Reform was granted, then came the triumph
' . '
franchised inhabitants of Glasgow and vicinity welcome wit} of the democratic principle, and the people be
, ing, in some
measure, . represented, the Lords then stood in all th •
inexpressible feelings the first man of his age, the Reprev"nta-their na-
tive of wronged Ireland, and the champion of civil ernd. religi- h • fight in their '
tural depravity, eying to
ous liberty over the whole world, work of corruption, and stop, if they can, the progress of
"It is not now as in the by_gone days of ancient barbarism liberty.—( Cheers.) What was the state of Scotland under
when mighty empires were erected on brul.al conquest and the Dundasses ? Glasgow had only 33 voters, and these
maintained by physical force. Then cam', the hero of his day could only return a quarter of a Membee—(Cheerts)but
covered with gore and glory, leading tiLe captive into captivity, now she is represented by two Members, and two lionester
Kings chained to his car, and a Vovelling people bowing to Members never went to 12'arliament. The Reform now
the dust in welcome. Now tlr, idle trappings of useless pomp required was a Reform of the House of Lords. Without
—the tinsel show, the ill- wealth, and the unmeaning title that what was the use of the Reform they had got ? They
of unconstitutional plan and power, charm us no more. It is
slavery Proclaim .
avery—yeu demand Reform. In his mission.
the man, stripped 0‘... all the mummery of adventitious accom-
through the ma.ne.facturing districts of England, he had
paniments, and standing forward on his own personal merits
and native energy of mind, that the people gladly hail, and read in the stern, countenances of the thousands who had
delight to honour. In you, Sir, emphatically the Liberator of turned out to hear him, that they felt the sentiment., in
long misgoverned Ireland, and among the best and boldest of its full force, " Britons never shall be slaves." He had
the British Senate, the working men of Glasgow have found heard it echoed on the Calton-hill ;he heard it repeated
a man worthy of their highest regard, and feel themselves from the Green of Glasgow, and he could promise them
honoured in having an opportunity of exchanging sentiments that it would re-echo from the mountains of Connemara
with him, on the great organic changes of national government to the Hill of Howth.—(Loud cheers.) Hereditary lo-
now in progress, and in which they feel their own peculiar in- gislators was an absurdity. We have no hereditary
terests, as well as the future happiness of the whole human
tailors ; no hereditary doctors ; no, it was only in i t ae
race, are deeply.and irretrievably involved.
On a former public occasion, while asserting our claim to , Howe of Lords that wisdom was hereditary. The Peer
a full participation in every political privilege, we, in conside- b^P.ows the making of laws out of his swaddling-clothes; he
ration of the prejudices imbibed by persons badly educated, sucked legislative wisdom from his nurse.—
born born to rank, bred in an exclusive atmosphere, or having ac- But the time for such foolery had gone by. Ng nation
quired wealth by illegal means and anti-national monopolies, would submit to an irresponsible body of Legislators. It
abstained from demanding the full extent of our declared rights was said it was an old institution, and therefore it ought to
as freemen. The conduct of a certain House, since repro- be preserved. Why, this was no reason at all for preserv-
senting (if representing anything) the classes alluded to, and ing it ; if it was old, it must be worn. out, and therefore
all that is vicious, violent, and absurd among mankind, has there was the more need of repair.—(Laughter and cheers.)
proved that the lenity of a generous and. too confiding people The Court of George IV. had been adorned, as they all only provokes it to a greater activity in mischief, and while
the Commons and the Crown bend, as they have done recently,
knew,
if with a number of very respectable old ladies of
and . , .
rank,
to a presumptuous and irresponsible Oligarchy, the people it had been proposed by any one to form the tootle.
ought incessantly to demand a restoration to them of the first less and painted survivors of that Court into a coterie, it
principles of society—equal laws, and equal rights to all who would only have been matter for ridicule. Who would, not
contribute to the maintenance of our municipal and national see the absurdity of submitting to laws made by an assem_
Government.
bly of old Lords,, whether they were in pantaloons or pet. While we strongly deprecate the unmanly and submissive tinoats ?--(Laurc.sliter.) But what though the .douse of
manner in which the Ministry and the Commons have, bare- Lords was oii—so was the distaff; but would they throw
headed, bowed to the refractory Lords, we arc proud to ob.. aside the use of the spinning-jenny
to resume the distaff?
serve that the King, at the prorogation of Parliament, ackne.m- 1 L •i •
Yoey said it was a terrible thing that th
lodged the advantage of responsible Governments. Hip Ma-i!y would not use
fish all because it was also a • neient ; hut were they to give
jesty in his speech declared that peace and union can 'alone be
tie the use of gas, to resort to fhr• glimmer of fish-oil
secured where the people and his Ministers have borand them- - e ,
selves to establish responsibility in every deparr:ment of the lamps Y lhe robbers and rangers
delighted with that light,
State, and as the House of' Lords has hitherto' isplayed a most but now the gas was let into our lanes and allies, iterel- he
astounding anomaly in Us enlightened are, by retaining the hoped that soon the gas-light of 'reform would be thrO-VVn in
power to legislate from birth or covet favour, and being upon our murky Lords,—(Loud cheese.) Mr. O'Connell
thereby rendered irresponsible, it feaows that it must be cut then ,related the anecdote lie related in Manchester
down as 0. rotten incumbrance, or be so cured as to be made of about the odd fellows who kicked out any mem-
some Service to the State, as well as amenable to the people. ber who proposed a measure having any common-sense
It follows, also, that the Commons must be made still more in it, and compared -the conduct of the Lords, in re-
responsible to the nation at large, by the further extension of
spect to a number of Fills, as being of the same descrip-
the franchise, and by abridging the term of Parliaments, ere
the hands of the King and his Ministers can be so strengthened tion. If asked to give a reason for wishing a reform in
d
as to perform effectually the good work of necessary destruc-
the House of Loride, he would say that the address wishe
tion and salutary repair. an extension of t:uee suffrage. He was in the abstract in
of univreesal suffrage.—(Cheers.) He did not wish
" Although the Commons as a body have, during the late favour - session, proved it an outrageous fallacy, that the people of to be misunderstood. He would not quarrel with any ono
this empire are fully, fairly, and freely represented,—have who did not, go far, but he would be against any one who
allowed the barbarous restrictions on the newspaper press, the did not go, us far as he could ; but they could not get an
inhuman restrictions on the introduction of foreign corn, the, extensirJn till the Lords were reformed. They could not
state church establishment of Ireland, and many other abomi- limit the duration of Parliaments, nor obtain vote by ballot,
nable acts and monopolies, to continue in active force, and till the, Lords were reformed. Mr. O'Connell then illus-
refuse the slightest protection to the labour of starving thou-
. teated the absurdity and injustice of making the people pay
sands,—we rejoice to think that among that body there is a
ritual instruction they did not eequire or receive,. I? s i
powerful band of resolute patriots, ready at all times to lead , for 1
referring to the case of
making
one person pay for th.e
the van in the march of reform, and whose efforts must, ere r
long, if properly backed by the pressure from without, succes. lawyer, the doctor, or the butcher of another ; and referred fully triumph. Among these none has been more violently to the slaughter at Rathcormae, maintaining that if no va-
oppose , d even denounced from the throne, than our honou:red lue was got, no money should be paid. There should be
visitor, and none has advanced so rapidly to an eminent and no more roguery in spiritual than temporal matters. He
enviable height of renown—the terror of a bloated aristocracy then referred to the Bishdps. There were twenty or thirty
and a bigoted priesthood, and the rock of salvation to that of these chaps in the House of Lords, and did any one know
very throne from which he was denounced, his means, his of their supporting as a body any measure for promoting the
power being the voluntary contributions of his cruelly op-
liberty or comfort of the people ?—(" Never.") He viould pressed, buegrattful countrymen, and their entire confidence
have been astonished if they did.—(A. laugh.) An well
in his incorrieptible integrity.
" HoP.'oured and much Respected Sir,—That you may long might they believe a fairy tale. Did any one ever kndiv
mie
I"
be Peered to fight for the political regeneration of Ireland, them bsupport the extension of the suffrage ? Another ,
and thereby promote the march of civil liberty everywhere, wonder
being bit by dog in walking through
and relieve the rest of the empire from the burden of an im- Bishop of London a _
mense standing army—to protect and pamcier a host of inso- London. The story reached the clubs, and Lcird King,
lent and idle churchmen—and that your liands may be daily when he heard it, said he would bet that the, Bishop began
strengthened for the good fight, be the accession to Paella- the quarrel.—( Loud laughter.) He (Mr. O'Connell) had
ment of men embued with a lov,:t of' truth and of liberal prin- no objection to bishops quarrelling with de es, but they should
ciples ; and that your joint et'orts may be speedily crowned by not treat the human race as dogs, 'and* oppose all aine-
the establishment of res-,,onsible government, and a thorough liorations in their condition. He "ne,d started au Irishman'
searching reform in eal our national institutions, is the sincere
wish of the oreeratives and non-franchised inhabitants of from London, and had gone to the manufacturing districts,
Glasgow,
where he had been muc calumniated and misrepresented,
and his opinions distorted ; b' had gone there and spoken
common sense ; he had silken of the wrongs of Ireland,
and his appeal had beer, responded to. Every man had
wished him success.
Tin Scotland the same scene awaited
him. The moving
cause of his mission was the miseries
of Ireland. The 7.,..0rds dared' not refuse something to Eng-
land. Scotlav'',l, in spite of them, had got something, and
would yet P.,natch more ; but Ireland had been misgoverned;
for six ce,nturies, and yet the Lords had the insanity to re.
fuse w.easures for her benefit, because Daniel O'Connell, ap-
Pro',,ed of them—any thing was a sufficient excuse to refuse
l'edress to Ireland.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") In thus
geing over the empire, he professed himself r.is radical as
any of their trades' unions, but he was for 0, junction with
the Whigs. They were not so far on the bank as we were ;
they were nearer the margin of the river of oppression,
corruption, oligarchical tyranny, Toryism; but they did not
aid in the oppression of Ireland ; they discountenanced the
fell Orange faction in Ireland, and if the Lords were net ins
the way, they would do more. He was, therefore, for joinieig
them in the clear way of the radical improvement of the
people.—(Cheers4 He would carry consolation to Ir&Aand
he would tell them of the sympathy he saw in theiee coun-
tenances, and the determination he saw in their eyes. He
would say that they held not a parchment unioe, which in-
jured the one and benefited the other, but a union of the
heart--(Cheers)--and he would not ask a ser.
Jarate Legisla-
ture if the combined Legislatures did jue.ice to Ireland.
—(Cheers.) He loved England, he IoN
:ed Scotland, but
in his heart of hearts, Ireland occupied 'its inmost corner,—
(Great che?.ing.) In Ire),,nd there ;vas a saying —e Ireland
her men, or all th't world in a blaze." He did not wish
the world in a blaze, but he wished Ireland her own,_
(C,llear• .)
H
e would tell them why he wished their as-.
~.• --
sistance. There never was a measure brought forwar:l,
useful to England or to Scotland, that lie did not exult in
it into effect. He joined their beetle ;
giving his aid to carry
join
1 • in putt,,. down the oli-
garchy wished them now to him
170 our masters ! It was nneessible, it could not
gamily.
last. It was impossible such a set nf stupid, ignorant, half
mad fops and coxcombs could continue. After contrasting
the peaceful and happy condition of Scotland with the de-•
solate plains of Ireland, be said he hoped, for the common

(" In their behalf, signed by —.)
O'CoNNEEE then rose and said—
" MEN OF GLASGOW,

Oh ! that I had the power of voice equal to my gra-
titude, and commensurate with my feelings, to enable me
to address this overwhelming, this awful multitude. How
deeply I regret that my power of response is lost in
the magnitud of the compliment paid me." That such a
multitude of men had done him the high honour of
marking such an humble individual as himself—that such
a multitude of God's blessed creatures should pay such a
compliment to him, who was but a pigmy before them,
made him feel that he was incapacitated to send his breath-
of thanks to one in fifty of those to whom he was so deerd'iy
grateful. But that feeling was mixed with bitter regre,t, at
having kept so large a multitude in waiting to so late an
hour. There was no one present to whom, as a yeivato in-
dividual, he would not feel bound to apologise for his late-
ness ; but, when the apology had to be made to so vast a
number as 200,000, the littleness of the cause, compared
with the magnitude of the occasion which awaited him,
made him almost ashamed to state the facts. His excuse
was simply this :—He had calculated the time it would'
require to travel from Edinburgh to this. He had risen
earls h the morning. He had looked at the map, and
knew precisely the distance. He was sure how many
hours he would be upon the road, and arranged so as as
to be here in ample time. But he, had forgot one thing in
his calculations--he saw on ttkotriap the distance, but he had
forgot one thing that was, not to be found on maps—that
there were hnuaani Wags slung the line ; and he regretted
tqq„ first time, that they had
'
had turned out it thousands
and I,vith bands and insignia,
long hom% .Ipkvaixl 0.- • .. uettulued ►'aim for three
thou-
..avoid coming by Falkirk. There aro,
cckuki AAA: • .0 time he had calculated ApAn.
himnasotsotcoiact oiornn es babyoiutt; Fnaoltkiirnkt,
4tihcsat9mf
aaidloe;
.-ent story, nor in
the history of Wallace, who, though he fell, yet left a
legacy of unconquerable hatred or tyranny to Scotland, left
her the universal charge of that iacrod duty,
neverlt
wasto sub-
not
that the Graham of 100 fights—nit such a Graham as
mit to slavery.—( Loud and continuo] cheers.)
, that silken proser of Cumberland, who, being defeated in

good of the country, the cheers on the Green would reach
Tarnwortli-house=( Loud cheers)—and that the Tories
would turn pale when they knew that 200,000 had as-
sembled to do honour to one whose humility he not only
thought, but felt added to the effect of the honour done
him, because it showed their soul Was wrapt in the cause—
(Cheers)—of which be was the feeble but uncompromising
advocate. After alluding to the lessons which the Ame-
rican slave-owners, the Spaniards, the Portuguese, and
even the Russian despot, the murderer of Polish women and
childrca, might take from the shouts on this Green, he said
liberty was the winds of I?eaven, and even the Russians
might become m•,..a, and tyrailny he abolished for ever. (Mr.
O'Connell then sat :own amidst long-continued cheering.)
After the proccedii:3s were over, Mr. O'Connell pro-
ceeded to the Tontine Ii otel, escorted by the gentlemen of
the committee, and several bodies of the trades, &c.
At six o'clock nearly 2a;00 persons attended a soiree
sciven at the Bazaar by " the Trades t" the refreshments
consisted of a cup of tea or cotfce, one slice of bread, and
a bottle of whisky punch ; and th.
tickets were sold at
three shillings.
Mr. O'Connell was not forthcoming t least for an hour
and a half after the time appointed. Ultimately, however,
a deputation was appointed to wait upon him at hotel,
and he shortly afterwards presented himself, attended I:if his
son, Mr. Morgan O'Connell, Capt. Spiers, M.P. for Pais-
ley, Dr. Bowring, Mr. Wallace, &c.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. J. Tate) proposed as the first toast
—" The sovereignty of the People."—(Great cheering.)
Tune : " A man's a man." " The King," followed, when
"the national anthem" was given.
The next toast was, " The best of hereditary Princes, the
Duke of Sussex..",---(Loud cheers.)
" Lord Melbourne and his Majesty's Ministers," fol-
lowed.—(Cheers.) Tune : " There's nae hick about the
house."—(Cheers.)
Then came the toast of the evening, " The health of Da-
niel O'Connell, Esq., M.P."—(Loud cheering.)
Tune : " The sprig of Shillelagh."
Mr. O'CoNNELL then rose and said, I am in the habit
of public speaking ; I have addressed many and many an
assemblage ; I have witnessed much of popular ferVour and
,enthusiasm ; but it remained for me to see the scenes of this
day, and to witness the congregation of this night, in order
to understand what fervour of sentiment really is, and what
is the meaning of that word—enthusiasm.—(Cheers.) The
source of this fervour, the cause of this enthusiasm, arises from
another and a different, question—a question not to be solved
during the moments of excitement, not to be committed to
those who like myself have an interest personal as it were
in its solution ; but oh, Heaven, what a straw thrown up to
show how the wind blows I myself am !—(Cheers.) No,
it is a question fit for the deepest consideration of all those
who think for the country, and of all those who speculate
upon any species of change or shifting of power ; it is a
subject that Lord Melbourne in his Cabinet may well pon-
der ; and that Peel in his closet ought maturely to consider
and deliberate about. The first sensation that overpowers
my own mind is that of utter astonishment. I have, I be-
lieve, served my own particular country. I have, I know,
Tendered her better than she was, so that without affectation
I ,may be permitted to say, that if I were to die to-morrow
I should leave her at my death better than I found her at my
birth. Ireland, I may say,is a country peculiarly of the heart ;
our affections often overrun our judgments, and in the zee:
and fervoOr of affection as well as in the provoked
sentiment or" hatred and detestation, our sober judgment
frequently lags behind, and the passion proceeds, and
often tarnishes the soundness of the judgment. But in
the kindlier emotions particularly, Ireland excels almost
to an exaggeration. i thought this was in some degree
peculiar to her, but I bcve seen in Scotland, and I be-
hold before me, a strength of p assi on going even beyond,
but in, your case ornamenting', judgment, that gives me
:most confident hope for the fu!aire ; it shows me that the
good designs of the Ministry will be more than realized
through your means, and that the foul hopes of the Tory
opposition are likely, and will certainly meet with nothing
but contempt and defeat.—(Cheers.) The public mind
has become all-powerful ; 'and when 2,000 men assemble
together, soberly and deliberately to testify their concur-
rence in political opinions—persons not selected by any of
the courtesies of life, or any of the observances of rank,
the rewards of gratitude payable to great statesmen,
having the power and the means of requiting personal
attachment ; but, assembled as you are from sympathy
of opinion and sentiment to co-operate in the cause of
improvement, I hear a note of preparation for the future,
which promises to me, and will realize to the country,
the blessings of constitutional and rational liberty. What
have we met together for? We have met together to show
that wo understand the political position of this country,
and that we are determined to make the result salutary to
the people of the British empire. Having obtained a reform
in the House of Commons, and a good, though scanty, po-
pular suffrage, hawing disenthralled that house of corruption
and nomination, having infused the democratic principle of
justice, and made it in a sense the representative and mirror
of the popular mind, we, have next to proclaim that it works
well, and will work better, as a good and safe instrument of
amelioration, tending towards good, and above all, to cheap
government. So far we know we have got, and we know
with equal distinctness that there is an impediment in the
way--a stop in the gap. We know that the stream is
dammed—a mound is thrown across it. Oh, yes, and as in
the case of the mound thrown across the mountain-stream,
the children and the youths that dabble in the mud beneath
think that the water will never come again—that it' is
stopped for ever ; but in the mean time what is taking place ?
,fib,, waters are newly accumulated above the dam, swelling
scorn moment to moment, and from hour to hour—all is dry-
ness and security apparently below, but the water continues
to rise until at last it overpowers the dam, carrying away
before it every puny obstacle, and diffusing •the waters
of life among those who are parched and thirsting for its
salutary refreshment.—(Cheers.) So it is at present—the
House of Lords are damming the stream of improvement,
but the waters are accumulating--here they are—the living
waters of life ; the. paltry dam wiil soon be outtopped and
borne away by the strength of the torrent, while life and
liberty will be in the- current together.—(Cheers.) To
throw aside figures of speech, which are dangerous, we
have a House of Commons working for Coe people ; a Mi-
nistry bound by interest as well as duty to the cause of the
people ; a Ministry who, being wise men, have :earned from
experience of the past—they are fools on whom experience
is thrown away*—that Court favour is deceitful ; that even
Royal protection is not much to be relied upon ; and that
the only nails which are to clinch them to office aye to be
driven by the hammer of the 24,000,000. They know that
well, and they are glad to, make the discovery ; for I will
say of thew it is a discovery consistent with the prim.
ciples and inclinations of very many of that Ministry, and
with the consent cf all. It is a deliontful thing to have the
popular cause headed by the King's Ministry ; I never
saw such a thing before, nor did any of you, and yet it is
literally the fact at present. We understand our position ;
the friends of national liberty are headed by the King's Mi-
niders—burrah for the King's Ministers.—(Cheers.) The
Tories had grown strong—strong in their own strength was
it ? Oh, no. Strong in the force of their in,:ellect was it?
The blockheads ! Strong in their honesty ? 17.;;; knaves!
Si ong in what ? Strong in the divisions that suil.a:sted
betty men the friends of liberty—strong because the Whig'
was se. agoinst the Radical, and the Radical against the
Whig. I at,a for the Whig-Radicals, in order to sink for
ever the knaves; and the blockheads. It is said we Radicals
make a sacrifice ,in supporting the Whigs now. No such
thing : the Whigs Snow are no more those of four years ago
than the old clothes of four years' service are now the
dandy wardrobe of the fashionable gentleman.—(Cheers.)
We understand, then, ow' position.. The King's Ministers
and the Whig-Radicals are all combined—for what pur-
pose ? Is it for revolution ? %Certainly not. Is it for vio-
lence ? Certainly not. Is it to obtain any advantage by
physical force ? We abhor it. Nc —it is that the human
mind may have its full operation—r,lo the moral strength
of combined and rational man may go 01: to put an end to
every oppression, to lighten every burden, t•O increase every
franchise, to ameliorate every institution, until' we have the
same station in the political world that our gre,:t country
olready has in the manufacturing, commercial, and i:gricul-
tural sciences—in the arts, literature, information, and i:itel-
lect, as compared with all the other nations of the globe.--
.(Cheers.) Upon the one hand, then, we have the people
and the Ministry combined ; fortunately for .this country,
the' King is a positive good, and cannot possibly be for evil,
filling by hereditary descent the 'highest place in the exe-
cutive, so as to take away from lawless ambition a prize too
great to be left at sea ; but while irresponsible himself, sur-
rounded by Ministers, every one of whom is individually
responsible for every one of his acts, and with a House of
Commons fairly, though not sufficiently, representing the
pesple. What, under such circumstances, can this great
natitNi want ? You know as well as I do, that we want
to put an end to obstacles which stand in the way of those
great advantages being made practically useful. We want
to alter life House of Lords, and make it really a respon-
sible bran& of the Legislature.—(Loud cheers.) The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman then referred pretty much in the
same terms to t`he House of Lords as he had used in the
public Green, and .111 various other speeches delivered by him
on recent occasions, ,and denount.7.:l them particularly for
having thrown out the Imprisonment Debt and Irish
Church Bills, which had passed the Commoi in the last
Session of Parliament, although they were founded

tice, sound policy, and humanity, and chiefly because they
bad been supported by one Daniel O'Connell. He then
w,,,mt on to recommend that they should be chosen by the
people, in order to make them truly a responsible body.
Never, he maintained, was there a syllogism more conclu-
sive than this—beginning with the genera proposition. All
men that are responsible are inclined from interest to be
honest. Make the second House of Parliament respon-
Able. Ergo, then they will be inclined to be honest.
