CITY OF LONDON REPRESENTATIOX.
CRIPPLE GATE-WARD.
A public meeting of the electors resident in this Ward,
was held last evening at the workhouse, New Union-
street, to consider the claims of the several candidates for
the City of London, all of whom were invited to attend.
The Chair was to he taken at seven o'clock ; but at half.
past seven Mr. Newell requested the further patience of
the meeting, the candidates not having arrived. lie
stated that Mr. Grote, Sir John Key, and Mr. Alderman
Waithman, had promised to attend. Mr. Alderman
Wood was at Gloucester. He did not know whether
sfr. Scales would come. He did know whether Mr.
Lyall would come: be had been written to.—(He won't
—we don't want him.) Mr. Newell thought he would
not. Mr. Lyall did not like meeting the public any
more than Lord Henley. Both had refused to attend
the meeting on Wednesday next, on the subject of the
assessed taxes.
Mr. MEDWAY was voted into the Chair.
Mr. TIMOIIIY read the answer sent by Mr. Alderman
Wood, stating his inability to come, being at Gloucester,
and throwing himself upon the electors in consideration of
his past conduct. Mr. Alderman Waithman was en gaged
.t a meeting of his own; Mr. Aldermen Venables sent
his circular, stating his intention of not offering himself as
t representative. Mr. Lyall was also otherwise engaged,
but proposed to call upon every elector previous to the
election.—(Oh, oh ! hisses.)
Mr. Dilator; proposed a resolution that every candidate
should take every occasion for giving the constituency a
full, free, and undisguised exposition of their political and
national opinions.
Mr. ROBINSON seconded this resolution, which was
unanimously carried.
Mr. NEWELL would put this question to the candidates
now present—Would they vote for the periodical election
of Aldermen, if a Bill to that effect were brought before
the House?
Mr. GROTE addressed the meeting—He was an untried
man, but this, if an objection, was an objection which a
glean must labour under at one time or another.—(Ap-
plause.) 'The present age was a most extraordinary one ;
the vile hag, corruption, which had hitherto been decked
out to appear a beautiful divinity, has been stripped of
her ornaments, and stands before the awakened people in
ill her ugliness.—(Cheers.) With respect to the question
of corpoiations, he was decidedly of opinion, not only that
the Magistrates of London, but those 01 every city should
be chosen by the citizens, and that that election should
he carried into effect in the same mode as he wished Mem-
bers of Parliament to be--that is, by vote by ballot.—
(Cheering.) He thought the Court of Aldermen should
:,e an open Court.—(Applause.) Mr. Grote then pro-
ceeded to detail his political and national views, ape ak-
eig in favour of the vote by ballot—triennial Pat ha-
tnents—universal diminution of taxation—reform in the
Church—the abolition of tithes—emancipation of the
colonial slaves, &c., to the same effect as we have before
reported. Mr. Grote's opinions were received with the
tiost enthusiastic demonstrations of approbation, and he
sat down amidst unanimous cheell-ng.
Mr. SCALES addressed the meeting. His public and
;private character had been publicly and privately attacked.
These charges had been advertised in publications in which
he (Mr. Scales) could not procure the insertion of his
denials at any price.—(Shame.) Many men would have
retired into private life, heart-broken, at such der.rmined
enmity; but, conscious of his own honesty and .ntegrit y,
ee had not only stood up against those oppresmre, but had
come before his fellow-citizens for the honour of ri pre-
senting them, and he had no doubt he s'aould tie elec ed.—
Laughter and cheers.) Two years ago be was a butcher.
Siece that he had been a laayer, or, at least, had been a
Treat deal in the bad company of lawyers—(Cneess)—
.nnre bad company than lie had ever been led into in all
ors former lile—(Laughter)—and the next thing was to
4et into the Legislature. It was a great honour he had
to hope at their hands—(Laughter)—oh, he was pretty
-ore of it.—(Laughter.) He might have been an M.P.
long ago —(Laughter.) When Mr. Hughes retired from
Roc ester, a deputation, consisting of the majority of the
voters, had waited upon him (Mr. Scales) to insure his
return for Rochester free of expenee ; but tie had returned
for answer, that he would not be a Member for any place
but the CO, of London. He had bad an offer of it se at for
St. Ives, in Cornwall, at the moderate price of 3001. But
le had refused to sit for a rotten borough. He somewhat oil.
tered from his friend Mr. Grote ab cut a graduated tax,
lair he was an enemy to all taxation.—(Cheers.) He re-
membered the time England was happy and prosperous,
(tee !use bile Wits nee now the !nese., i.,einai sybteui of
txation ; and be felt most certain, that the country would _
never be happy or prosperous, till that system was
one away with —(Hear, hear.) He wanted to see a
borough Reform in all matters in Church and State. He
proposed only to be elected for a year ; but he would give
the rest of them three years, but nut mote.—(Hear.) He
eid not intend to mumble over a sham motion, and then
:ay no more about it. As to taxes, he did think they
sou d not much longer he collected, fur the peel reason,
that the people would not have wherewithal to pay them,
and when there was no more money, the locusts weted
tumble off.—(Laughter.) With respect to the corn clue,.
'eon, he thought a certain small fixed duty should be tali'.
lie was as much an enemy to negro slavery as anybody,
and would have it abolished ; but as this country had been
instrumental in establishing the system, and had protected
planters and slave owners in keeping it up, they ought to
abolish it cautiously. The slaves themselves should be
prepared for so great a change by a proper system of edu-
cation, &c. Opposed to immediate emancipation, yet he
was so, under a feeling, that rather than have the system
persisted in, he would see the island sunk in the sea.
Sir J. KEY had become convinced of the absolute ne-
cessity of the vote by ballot. He would vote for the re-
moval of the house and assessed taxes, and the com-
plete abolition of tithes.—(Great cheering.) He would
nave complete Church Reform and the emancipation of
the colonial slaves—effected, however, with due caution.
He felt that untried men ought to be pledged on all the
great questions.—(Cheers.) The gentlemen who had
hitherto represented the rotten boroughs had been
pledged—these pledges might have been discreditable ; but
he thought it no disgrace for himself, or Mr. Alderman
Scales, or Mr. Grote, to be pledged to advocate and sup-
port the rights of the people.—(Hear, hear.) The right
of election he considered vested in the people, and no one
had a right to interfere with that right. —(amera.)
Such opinions he had expressed in the Court of Common
Council, and had expressed them on a late occasion in
the church of Portsoken Ward ; and if there were any
gentlemen present who had to amen that he (Sir John
Key) had unsaid in the Cason, what be had said in the
church he bad now to come forward.—(Cheers.)
Mr. BENJAMIN Woon (Alderman Wood's brother),
believing himself the individual challenged, said, that hav-
ing gone to a meeting in St. Bartholomew's, he there met
Mr. Scales.—(Great and continued uproar was occasioned
by Mr. Wood's here omitting the title of Alderman; but
at was at last agreed to allow him to proceed with the
omission, as he refused to fill it up, for the sake of the
public eliciting the truth.) Mr. Wood then stated, that at
this meeting some person had used very insulting expres-
sions towards Mr. Alderman Waithman and himself. The
next day, Mr. Scales pulled him up in the street, and said
that the insulting language had been used by a fellow who
had been foisted in by that scamp, Sir John Key—who
had sent him into the meeting to create a disturbance, the
disgrace of which was then to be fathered upon him (Mr.
Scales). Mr. Scales then said, Venables was out, and be
would soon have Waithman out.—(oh !) Mr. Scales
said be would support his (Mr. Wood's) brother.— (Mr.
Wood was continuing his account, but was interrupted by
a person, who cried out, `. That's another lie." This ex-
clamation produced a scene of the greatest confusion and
uproar, but at length Mr. Wood obtained silence, and said,
that Mr. Scales had said that Sir John Key would not
have voted against him in the Court of Aldermen if he
had had the opportunity of voting.
Sir Joust Kay asked, if Mr. Wood meant to say that he
had acted in a different manner when in the Court of Al-
dermen, than when in the church of Purasoken ?
Mr. B. WOOD would not give up his authority. He
had heard that said by several individuals.—(Hisses and
uproar.)
Sir J. KEY said this was good proof that the proceed-
ings of the Court of Aldermen should be open; if it were
so, it would be impossible to put off tales reperts spread
About. His opinion of Mr. Alderman Scales's case was
well known, and had been always the same. He would
airily ask that gentleman whether he really bad made use of
the expression attributed to him by Mr. Wood ?
Mr. SCALES designated the whole as an election trick.
Some disapprobation was expressed at the absence of
Mr. Alderman Wood. Mr. Wood's son explained, that
ills father's absence was quite unavoidable ; but trusted,
t,
that his sixteen years' service and constant attendance tee:s;,e,
his duties, would be a sufficient pledge that their interehN'..; ~,
would not be forgotten on account of his absence fork elee \fs?'
uight.—Some further discussion was entered into on -thik
,ce`.)
eotnt, and on the question re-pecting Sir Jona Key anto*-: 4
Ui. Alderman Scale,. Words got very high at last, Lilt:. /,!.,74.;
♦)
Guth parties at length refrained, though unsatisfia d app.* ise.::/-'.
rently.—lt was then resolved that the meeting thanked tlii,/

s r'.~
