MERCANTILF. SHIPPING.

DRA r., MAY 12.—Wind E. by N.—Passed last night the
Canadian Packet, Sadler, from London for Jamaica. Remains
the Harmony, Currie, front Jamaica. The Lowther CastlP,
from China, and the rest a the hcmeward.bound, have' sailc.l
for the River.

PORTSMOUTH., MAY 12.—Wind N.E.—Arrived off' the
Wight the William Penn and Royal Charlotte, from the Isle
of France; and his Majesty's ship Shamrock, from a cruise.
Sailed the Lord Amherst, Lucas, for Madras and Bengal;
and his Majesty's ship Sparrowhawk, on a cruize.
PLYMOUTH, MAY IL—Wind E.—Arrived the Britannia,
Oliver, from 'Memel ; Apollo, Curtis, front Berbice in 41 days ;
Prince Regent, Have, from St. Domingo in 33 days,
with loss
of bulwarks. Off the port the lioppitt, Pous,
• • from St.
sett
Übes. The Llan Rumney, from Jainaica; is i.)ff. Penzance ;
and the Robert James Haynes, from Barbadoes, is off the
Mizen Head, all well.
ton, and Lady Francis, Barry, for Quebec.
CO*T2, MAY I2.—Wind N.E.—Sailed the Essex, Apple.:

p u
to
oetes to b
r sbutrgeb4,
twh
sholiheeneTarritioinosgaCTretejc,oasfrtoomf
soaiipowedenl)i
re
but was expected to be got off.

eealrdid:a:,(2tt
tteai sin :Itv, z
11cnadnaias
respective House, when the following commanders took leave of the Con
Yesterday a Court of
for
Fra'ncisi Balderston,
Asia
; Captain Charles
previous to
itloomd eapsarting
Edward Mangles, Marc no • • y A
for Madras and Bengal.
Marquis, Hose,
Dthireoclt.cerrr

LA., ArroxsTstrals:Tahnids
A-itoTrunßuienangc,,hl\inllv:ivieE:
Common Pleas, as soon ales the Learned
jCulgret:fhad taken their seats on trul
jEsgujiursesS,Tp. jreOsHenNteAd themselves at dui front of
athnde bar, dressed in robes of blue trnd scarlet,
were severally sworn in before their Lord-
shipsi a s Sergean t s
eaawrne ind. u
trhacileuefrusa: form, on
which appointment
a they received the congratu2
lations of the other L

i'`~

TIIE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Pdpers, May 13.

[MORNING CIIRONICLe.J
We have already had the pleasure to inform
the public that the. change which had taken
place in the Executive Body in Greece had been
a real benefit to the august and sacred cause
which that country defends. We have now, how-
ever, a fresh proof of the truth of that informa-
tion. The Members of the new Executive Body
stre.so well convinced of the necessity of adopt-
ing:every means which can hasten the triumph of
their country, that they take every step that can
leed to that desirable end. Among other affairs,
the Loan recently contracted in England has
claiinEd their peculiar attention. They have,
therefore, transmitted to Mesirs. Orlando and Liu-
riottis, Deputies of the Legislative and Executive
Bodies (and thus of the Provisional Government
otOreece); a confirmation, and, we may sia.y, an
extension of the powers already vested in them ;
solhat all which they have
alr".dyd6h °tor tintahY.-
yet do, or may have to "do, with regard
Loan contracted with Messrs. Loughtian, Son, anti
O'Brien, cannot be subject to the affirmation,
that it is likely .to be affected by the change
abovementioned in the members of the Executive
"tidy. We hasten
.to communicate this to the
public of London, not'alone for the greater trail-
.quillity of the Greek Scrip-holders, but also that
istie7 may" be acquainted with all that relates to a
nai,ton„ whose struggle se deeply interests the
friends of Christianity, and of natiotial inde-
pendence aid liberty,

[MORNING POST.]
We received last night by Express some of
the French Pap irs. of Tuesday; • Ater having
announced
some tune since that all Peru was in

rTHE TIMEs.I
Letters of the 10th from Paris, received yes-
terday by express, supply the following explan-
ation of the recent movements of some ships of
war along the coasts of Spain and Portugal. An
order has, it is said, been given by the French
Government, that the squadron before Cadiz
shall take advantage of the favourable season to
make marine excursions, for the double purpose
of exercising the crews and preserving their health.
it was in obedience to this order, say the letters,
that Admiral Itntours lately paid a visit to the
17. a Another arrival at Lisboa which caused
1,13 M.
some speculation here, was that of two corvettes,
which, it seems, had put in there on their voyage
from Brost with provisions for the garrison at
Cadiz. These facts are reinforced by the fre-
quently repeated argument, that France, during
the progress of the great financial measurs about
to be carried into effect, cannot but hare the
most solid reasons for preserving peace in every
quarter, and that, having established at this
moment the firmest friendship and good under-
sianding with England, it would be impossible for
'her to embark in any designs against Brazil or
Spanish America, without the full knowledge
,and participation of this Government. This ar-
gument ought undoubtedly to hare weight in
~alming any apprehensions that may still exist on
the subject ; but it is equally certain, that the
daily increasing stake, both financial and com-
mercial, which this country has at risk on the
other side of the Atlantic, predisposes those con-
cerned to the influence of ever idle rumour ;
while numbers are deterred altogether, by the
present uncertain situation of South America,
from sharing in the benefits of that intercourse.

[NEW MMES.]
We have received The Ilemuda Gazette of
the 10th of April, in which, somewhat to our
surprize, we find The New Times made an ob-
ject of attack. Our alleged fault consists in
having inserted the communication of a corres-
pondent, who complained that a fair justification
of the conduct of Sir W. Lumley, the Governor
of Bermuda, could not find admission into the
pages of the Colonial Journal ; and for this state-
ment of our correspondef,t's, vulgar personalities
are dealt forth against ourselves by an indivi-
dual too obscure to have ever attracted our
notice. The fact is, that the Colonial Press is
(with some honourable exceptions) a mere en-
gine of the local passions and interests of very
limited communities. In Bermuda it has been
directed against the Governor, because he is
desirous of meliorating the state of the slaves;
in Demerara the Governor is safe from at-
tack on this score ; but the Newspapers
were employed to hunt down Mr. Sergeant 1
Rough, who had incurred the Governor's
displeasure ; they were employed to justify the
odious persecution of Mr. Smith, the Missonary :
and they are now employed to decry the liberal
policy of his Majesty's Government, and to load
with invective the Colonial Secretary of State.
To do the Demerara writers justice, they avow
their principles without disguise—but such prin-
ciples!—The following is a specimen of them
from the Demerara Coto/list of February 18 :

" It is most unfortunate for the cause of the planters, that
they did not speak out in time. They did not say, as they ought
to have said, to the first advocates of missions and education—
We shall not tolerate your plans till you prove to us that they
are safe and necessary—we shall not suffer you to enlighten our
slaves, who are by lino our property, till you can demonstrate
that when they are made religious and knowing they will still
continue to be our slaves."—" The obvious conclusion is this,
slavery must exist as it is now, or it will not sxist at all."—" If
we expect to create a community of reading, moral, church-
going Slaves, we are woefully mistaken."—" In what a per-
plexmg predicament do the Colonial proprietors now stand !
Can the march of events be possibly arrested ? Shall they be
allowed to shut up the chapels and banish the preachers and
schoolmasters, and keep the slaves in ignorance ? This would,
indeed, be an effectual remedy; but there is no hope of its being
applied." !!!
Our Readers will hardly believe that such senti-
ments can have been avowed in the nineteenth
century, and in the Engligh language—but there
they stand in a newspaper published under the
special patrOnage of his Excellency Major-Ge-
neral John Murray ! Observe, too, the reason-
ing 'has no reference to the peculiar tenets of
Dissenter or Churchman, Catholic or Protestant
—it is against giVing the slaves any religion, any
morality, any instruction. Slaves are property,
and therefore they cannot be reading, moral,
church-going creatures ;—that is the argument.

`the hands of the Royalists,' they now state, on
the authority of letters from Chili, that an ar-
rangement was likely to be concluded between
Bolivar and La Serna, by which that Chief
would recognize the entire independence of Peru
under a Republican Government, the country
to be ruled during the first three years by a kind
of Dictatorship, arid the Royal and Peruvian
Armies to be incorporated together, liberty
being left to the Officers and Generals to serve
under the Republic or to retire to Europe. Can.
terac, who is a Frenchman and a Liberal, is said
to have used all his influence to promote the con-
clusion of a Treaty on those bases, and every
thing seemed to hold forth a promise of complete
success. These Papers contain no other intelli-
gence of importance. Mr. Benjamin Constant
has returned from Switzerland with additional
documents to prove his French origin and esta-
blish his right to sit in the Chamber. These do-
cuments had been submitted to the inspection of
a fresh Commission, the report of which had not
yet been received. A prosecution commenced by
the Attorney-General, and tending to the sup-
pression of the Courier Francais, seems to an-
nounce that the Ministers considered themselves
strong enough to attack the Press with impunity.
This is resented even by the Quotidienne, which
has declared itself the organ of the Royalist Op.
position, and the language of which is become as
liberal as that of the Constilutionnel.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The work of violence is again commencing in
the Catholic Association of Dublin, since the
return of the " Lawyers " from their circuits.--
In their absence there was a respite from decla-
mation and folly for some weeks ; and Mr. Con-
way, who acted as Secretary, with a few sensible
men about him, was quietly, but effectually,
doing the business of the Catholics, and effecting
more real good than had been done for years be-
fore. But this quiet conduct of business would'
not content the " exaltados" of that body, or
procure them the notoriety which is their only ob-
ject. Accordingly, at the last " May-day" Meet-
ing, all Mr. O'Connell's flowers of eloquence were
again in full bloom. While proposing Mr. G. linsor
as a member of the Association, and handing in
the Radical Reformer's guinea as his admission
fee, Mr. O'Connell eulogised the northern Seer,
whose pen is just as ceaseless as the Irish agita-
tor's tongue; for both agree at least in one faith
and one principle, that of ceaseless discontent
and clamour, and eternal vituperation and abuse
of the enlightened and impartial government of
the Marquis Wellesley. Mr. Ensor is always
writing some heavy thing or the other; few read
and none remember what he writes; all subjects
are alike to him—statistical, political,or religious.
Unfortunately, every thing coming from him as
yet has fallen dead-born from the press ; a single
production from his unwearied pen has scarcely
lived a day ; but he reads his endless essays him-
self, and has the indulgence of self-applause,
and he is satisfied. The old subject of Par-
liamentary Reform having grown completely
threadbare in his hands, though he turned it
in all manner of ways, the gallant Major took
latterly to finding fault with the policy and
measures of the Irish Viceroy, and published
a series of dull letters On the subject. For
this wise undertaking, a young gentleman of the
name of Kirwan, just quitted school, brought
forward a ridiculous motion of thanks to the
Armagh Sage, which the Association, in the ab-
sence of the " lawyers," and on the representa-
tion of Mr. Conway, had the good sense to reject
by a large majority, and Mr. Ensor nor enrols
himself a member of that body, who properly re-
fused to applaud his vituperation.

[MORNING HERALD.] •
It strikes us as extraordinary, that when money
is so plentiful, that every day produces some new
and abortive project for its employment, land
appears to have been hitherto so little sought
after, and not to have risen in value to any
thing like the extent which might have been
expected. The Funds have been generally
looked upon as the thermometer of land ; and
a scale which we have seen gives the price of
the latter, as compared with the present price of
the 3 per Cents. at least some five or six years
higher than it has yet attained to. Not more
than a twelvemonth ago, for instance, the three
per cents. were at 77; they have since risen 20
per cent., and almost to par, yet the current
price of land has not risen in that period above
two years purchase in the market ; 28 years pur-
chase being now about the average price. Every
one who, twelve months ago, had 10,0001. to lay
out in land, has since had that sum converted
into 12,0001., and can consequently afford to
give exactly five years purchase more for an
estate of 4001. a year which he may have been
in treaty for. This is a tolerable increase of
property—to have taken place, too, without any
act or exertion of one's own ; but what is this
to the situation of those who bought in or
lent their money when the stocks were at 50 ?
Their capital is now nearly doubled, and every
farthing which they now lay out in and must,
even at the present reduced rate of rental,
produce them little short of six per cent.,
with all the prospect of improvement from
the present depression. Now, when we see
people lending their money upon all sorts of
treacherous securities, some of which (as the
Spanish and Poyais Loans for instance) already
return nothing, and many others of which
will, in all probability, eventually be no bet-
ter, is it not natural to ask how such per-
sons can pass by that species of investment
which was formerly considered (and is still,
perhaps, in fact) the only solid security !
Perhaps the landowners have in this respect
much to blame themselves for. To use a very
homely phrase, those who " cry stinking fish"
are riot likely to find many buyers. And the
landed interest, on the sudden depression their
property
experienced, were induced, in their pe-
tition to the Legislature, to tell such a woful
story as was calculated to deter many capitalists
from having any thing todo with them. Land seems
w
itself, and landowners
a
into better humour with their property ;
and we cannot, therefore, help suggesting and
nroe g'etting . ;hewever,to he righting

'hoping, that the surplus wealth of the country,
instead of being sent out of it to places, from
some of which it may never return, will be em-
ployed at home in improving the value of our
own soil and many of its invaluable productions.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

SUSPECTED MURDER.

UNtox-HALL._Yesterday the two men, named Spencer and

Johnson, charged on suspicion with the murder of Mary Wil-
kins, were brought to this Office before. L. B. ALLEN, JAMES
SCRIVEN, R. HEDGES, and D. KING, Esqrs. Since the
apprehension of the above men, an elderly person, named Tho-
mas Dawe, has been taken into custody by Glennon.—The fol-
lowing additional evidence was taken :

Mr. Pritchard, a surgeon, residing in the Kent-road, stated
that on the Ist of May he was called in to see the body of the
deceased, which lay at the Lord Nelson public house. On
examining the body, which appeared to have been recently
taken out of the water, he found a fresh bruise on the left arm,
above the elbow, which appeared to have been produced either
by a squeeze or a blow from a stick.
Mr. ALLEN desired the witness to state precisely the nature
of the marks of violence he perceived on the deceased.
Mr. Pritchard said, that the impressions on the deceased's
arm appeared to him to have been made by the pressure of the
fingers before the body had been in the water ; there was also
a slight discolouration under one of the ears.
The prisoner, Thomas Dawe, was now desired to give some
account of himself. He had been seen raking the canal under
very suspicious circumstances, on the morning the body of
the unfortunate woman was picked up. He stated, that he
resided lately at East Looe, in the county of Cornwall, and
that he was Deputy-Conservator of the Salmon Fisheries in
the neighbourhood, under Captain Faup Nicholas, of the
Royal Navy.
The evidence of Matthew Buck, of the Canal-house, Peck-
ham, was here read over to the prisoner. It stated, that an in-
dividual answering his description had been seen raking in the
Surrey Canal, on the Ist of May, early in the morning.
The prisoner Dawe said, that on the morning mentioned, the
was told by Buck, the canal-keeper, that a bonnet had been
found in the canal, and that was the reason he (Dawe) had
commenced a search there, for the purpose of finding other
property.
Buck.—l deny ever having told the prisoner any such thing.
The evidence of Lewis, the constable of Peckham, was also
read over to the prisoner, who denied having told the con-
stable that he was in the employment of Mr. Carew, the
Member of Parliament, or that he ever stated his name to be
Johnson.

Lewis said that he had not desired any man to go and rake
in the canal for things that were suspected to have been stolen
in the Peckham-road from a gentleman's carriage. He posi-
tively declared that the prisoner Dawe had stated his name to
be Johnson, and that he had been in the service of Mr. Carew.
The prisoner Dawe.—Gentlemen, I assure you I am inno-
cent of any crime, and can produce testimonials as to my good
character.

Mr. ALLEN observed, that it was a most extraordinary cir-
cumstance his having been seen raking in the Canal, and de-
sired him to give some account of himself up to the time he
had been seen as described.

The prisoner accounted for his time up to Friday, by stating
that he had been on board several vessels lying in the river, to
see Captains whom he had known. On the Friday night of
the murder, he had spent the evening with Captain Clear, of
the brig Mary, with whom he supped on board the vessel.
On quitting the vessel, about nine o'clock, he walked into the
city, and remained there discoursing with the watchmen until
- daybreak.
_ _

Mr. ALLEN.-It is very singular you should have walked
the streets all night.—Prisoner.—l had not money sufficient to
pay for a lodging.
Magistrate—You state in a paper now before me, that you
came up to town as an Excise witness, against persons who
committed depredations on the salmon-fisheries.
Prisoner—l have, Sir, as well as to see my daughter.
Mr. ALLEN—Now state for what purpose you went to the
banks of the canal.

Prisoner—As soon as day-light came, I went towards. Peck-
ham, for the purpose of taking a lodging there, as I had lived
in that neighbourhood about 11 years ago, and kept a school
there. On arriving at the canal,. I saw something floating on
the water, which I picked out, and wrung dry. It was a piece
of cloth.

Buck here said, that the cloth was dry when he first observed
it in the prisoner's hand; but he afterwards dipped it in the
water, and wrung it out.
Prisoner—lt is no such thing: the cloth was in the water
when I first saw it.

A Gentleman here stated, that he knew, Capt. Nicholas, of
whom the prisoner spoke, perfectly well.
Mr. ALLEN asked Spencer whether he had ever been at
sea ? The reply was in the negative. Johnson also said that
he had never been at sea.

Spencer said, he had left the Wheatsheaf public-house, in
the Mint, at half-past eleven, on the night in question, in corn-
nuly with the deceased and Johnson ; she was tipsy, and John.
son was drunk. They all went on 0 another public-house to
try and get something to drink, but they failed. Johnson fell
two or three times, and the deceased helped him (Spencer) to
take Johnson up. They then went with the deceased within
120 yards' of her mother's door ; she requested that Spencer
would not go farther, as she did not wish her mother to know
that she was with men. It must have been half-past twelve or
one o'clock at that time, and they parted. Spencer and John-
son then went to other public-houses, where they drank, and in
the morning they returned to the house at which they had
drank last with the deceased,

Johnson said, I was quite tipsy, and I have marks upon me
of the fall which I had.

Mrs. Keene, the landlady of the sign of the White Horse, in
Union-street, where the prisoners Johnson and Spencer stated
that they had been drinking on the night in question between
one and two o'clock, was called in. She . said that she had not
the slightest remembrance of either of the prisoners having been
in her house that night. One of the watermen, also in attend.
ance at the same house, declared that he did not recollect ever
having seen either of the prisoners before.
The Magistrates consulted together for some time, after which
Mr. ALLEN observed, that the case was ■till involved in such
mystery, that it was necessary all the prisoners should be re.
mended for a future examination.—The prisoners were then
sent off to the County gaol.
