REFORM MEETINGS.

(From the Portsmouth Herald of Sunday.)
NEWPORT.

The requisition (which we mentioned in our last) to the
Magistrates of the island, requesting them to calla meeting
for the purpose of petitioning Parliament for Reform, not
having been acceded to, a meeting was held at the Green
Dragon Hotel, Newport, on Wednesday, the 9th instant,
at which it was resolved that a public meeting should be
called for the above purpose on the Wednesday following.
A committee was at the same time appointed to make the
necessary arrangements, and printed notices were posted
announcing the above determination. Accordingly, on
Wednesday lest, a public meeting was held at the Green
Dragon Hotel, for the purpose described above. In less
than five minutes after the door was opened the room was
completely filled, and must have contained at least 600
persons. A platform was erected at the upper end of the
room for the accommodation of the speakers, and the gen-
tlemen of the press. It was shortly afterwards proposed
and seconded by the whole assembly, " that Charles Day,
Esq. should take the chair."
Cwaneas DAY, Esq., having taken the chair, amidst
the loudest acclimatione, said.:.—lt was not toy intention to
have taken any part in the business of this day, but cir-
cumstances have occurred which have induced me to
change my determination. I allude more especially to a
certain petition which has been got up in a very unfair
manner—unfair,. because many have signed that petition
who would not have signed it if they bad been left to exer-
cise their free and unbiassed choice. I was also, I confess,
at first disposed to give credit to those apprehensions
which were entertained by some, that under the present
state of excitement some tumult or disturbance might have
arisen. But, Gentlemen, from the extensive enquiries I
have nude into the state of this island, I perceive hutch
tranquillity and such a peaceful disposition, that I can ace
nit danger whatever in our congregating. I regret es.
eatedingly that your choice has not fallen upon one more
competent to the task of filling your chair ; but, Gentle..
men, I pledge myself that what is wanting in ability shall
be made up by an honest and faitleul discharge of my du-
ties us your chairman. I will just state to you the course
which will be this day offered for your consideration. Cer-
tain resolutions will be proposed, and if these should be
approved, a petition founded on them will he presented fir
your signatures. Having stated thus much on the course
which will he pursued this slay, I will now, in the first
place, congratulate this merting on the change which has
taken place in the administration of our affairs. The pre-
sent Ministry is formed of individuals pledged to carry into
effect a system of Deform, retrenchment, and economy, a
system, whose chief object will lie the amelioration of the
condition of the labouring classes ; and I trust the measures
which will be adopted here this day will be actuated by a
proper degree of moderation. which shall tend to cheer the
Ministry in their laudable work ; I trust also that what-
ever observations may lie made will be made in such a true
spirit of propriety, that the mint fastidious will not be able
to offer any reasonable objection. I might enlarge on this
subject very considerably, butt I know there are many gen-
tlemen present who are anxious to address you, 1 shall,
therefore, merely detain you while I state my conviction
that the present Ministry, if they but put their shoulders
well to the wheel, will crush every difficulty that can he
opposed to them. 1 trust and hope that good order will
be strictly observed, and that we shall riot Live cause to
our enemies to say, 0 at our object was to pull down, and
not uphold, the institutions of our country. I must
therefore earnestly bespeak your attention to all who may
address you.
CUARLES Wonster, Esq.-1 am called to embark in a
duty, which I feel some reluctance in performing, fur no
power of language can describe to you the sense I I ave of
toy own inability to do justice to the subject we ate this
day met to consider. However incompetent I may be, I
trust, however, 1 shall receive your kind consideration,
which, indeed, my being a novice in public speaking ren-
ders the more necessary. Gentlemen, the dive are short,
and I feel perfectly confident that the shorter my speech,
the less I trespass on your patience and time, the batter.
The late change in the Administration of this country is
calculated to spread universal joy in the minds of all, and
to revive more particularly the spirits of those, who have
long wished to have a voice in the election of such repre-
sentatives as should lift them from a state of slavery an I
degradation, to freedom and independence. such, Gentle-
men, as is my birthright and yours. He who now pre-
side* over the councils of the nation, I ant confident, from
his exalted rank, his ability, and his honest intentions,
will, when the trial arrive* be found net wanting in the
fulfilment of the pledges he lees Overt us. An enthusiastic
admirer of tier talents of the Duke of Wellington, as I have
ever been, I could, indeed, have wished that he who had
carried the vessel of the state through the lowering sterol,
that lie who had succeeded in calming the tempestuous
billows which assailed her out all sides, stud brought her
into smooth water, I cannot but wish, I say, that the
i)uke of Wellineton, when iv the •Ltrtith of Isis glory, when
millione of people in the sister country, who leed been
bound down !sy the fetters of an unjust exclusion frotu par-
ticipating in those rights which every 11101 is born to exer-
cise, and oppressed by a series of exactions uncongenial to
the spirit anti temper of the times in which we live, hail
been freed by the great measure of emancipation whittle
he tots educed; when lie had proved himself not only a
brave anti successful warrior in the field, butt an enlightened
statesman at the helm of affairs; I cannot, I repeat, but
wish that at that period the Duke of Wellington had re-
tired from the field of his ambition, and devoted his atten-
tiou to other objects, which would have saved him front
falling from that high pinnacle of fame his former noble
deeds had so deservedly won fOr him ; and I do hope, even
now, that the obloquy which attaches to the vet y
iejudi-
cios►s declaration lately made by him, and which led to his
resignation, Witt be but transient, and will he di iven into
forgettfulecee by the recollection of his great and glorious
deeds. Catholic emancipation, Sir, be united the bonds.
of peace where before it was severed, and if for no other
than this one act, the late Administration is deserving the
gratitude of the nation.—(Symptoms of disapprobation.)
1 am quite aware how utterly impossible it is, however en-
larged the human mind may be, however copione the strain
in which we may endeavour to depict our ideate to ensure
unanimity of sentiment on subjects of great importance, lot
on such matters there must be of course dissentient voices;
but I have as great it respect for those who differ Isom me,
as I have for my most strenuous supporters ; for I am
ready to believe that those who dissent from me, do No
Iron► the °I of t
ta disturb the
tutaniunity of ilia t Inlettt t iotht4r p
nut I, main
i'ugg, ought
a 7 u
captious tautives.
atll t::ll4t'irtf)attel anytic
ire
in the opinions I have now expressed on the services of his
Grace. Let us look with gratitude to the past, and not
allow his future fume to be sullied by the recollection of
the last fetal declaration which cast bins from the pinnacle
of his power. Gentlemen, by referring to notes, one rosy

speak on such a subject for an hour or two, but there is
nothing to induce me to do so, 119 I know I shoal
beoccu-
pying that One which will be so much better employed by
must, however, perform that duty which has been
imptpied on me by those who have been delegated by you. I
will never refuse to put my shoulders to endeavour to uphOld
'he pillars of the State, but it is the caterpillarit I w auld
to destroy. The Chairman has told you very correctly,
that so far from' discontent, there is a general sprit ofre-
spect for the laws pervading this island. NO man on earth
in his senses can attempt to justify the outrages which
have lately been committed on property, for we must all
be aware that whatever the law allows a man to possess,
is entitled to the protection of that law ; and who-
ever disregards the rights of property, very justly
exposes himself to the penalties awarded by such
law. I would therefore recommend all to abstain from
acts of violence against the agriculturist. In all commu-
nities there will be perturbed and. restless spirits, whose
condition, as it cannot he worse, induces them to believe
they can profit by a change, and that, therefore, they will
be justified in bringing about Such change by illegal sets
these, :however, are to be deprecated; I am, however,
fully persuaded that Ind their attention been properly di-
verted, ad that they could see their own interests in their
true light, they would perceive that the yeomanry are the
very lest persons in the world who deserve their ill-wilt;
they are fellow-labourers' in the.'satrie'vineyarit with 4.,
haveluirne with us all the burdens which have been im-
sed on us in the shape of tithe!, rates; and ; their'
interests are our inte;rests, and t, opposing them we be-
come our own enemies. It now only remains- "for toe to
&Imre you (and I can but do it with toy mouth, as you
cannot see my heart), that I never felt myself so extremely
mortified as at this moment at my own utter inability to
do justice to the resolution which has been placed in my
hand, and which I propose to you with the greatest sin-
cerity and pleasure.—( Cheers.)
The first resolution was then read by Mr. Faun, and
which with the others will be found in another part of our
paper.

Foram'lex Htr.t, Esq., then rose, and was immedi-
ately greeted with loud and long-continued cheers. Silence
having been restored, he addressed the meeting as fol-
lows :--Gentlemen, I am really at a loss to express to you
my gratitude for the very flattering reception which you
have just now given me, particulatly as I am a stranger, I
verily believe, to four-fifths of the present company. My
visit is the result of a compliment which was raid me by a
deputation, at a vety late hour last night, and in compliance
with the request then conveyed to me, I felt it toy duty to
repair litre to express my sentiments. It is not, however,
my intention to occupy much of your time, I am no poli-
tician—but if it should he in my power to assist you all,
or one of you, nothing on earth would give me greater
pleasure ; no personal sacrifice should *Auld in my way. I
lived but a short time among you, doting which it was my
ambition to walk on quietly, anxious to relieve distress
wherever I was able ; I beg to at cowl the resolution.

Mr. Recitann Satrret—Gentlemen, duty calls upon me
to submit to you the next resolution. You must not ex-
pect from ow, one of the swinish crew, any very long
speech. You must allow for defects. I will filet allude
to what took pl we at the Town Hall. I then felt it my
duty to come berward to plead the cause of the labouring
men. I have lived with them, I have worked with them ;
there is but one step between us ; if you remeeve that,
tl4wn Igo to the very bottom of the labourers. I c enwider
their cause my cause. First, I will speak of something of
a local nature. My landlord reduced his rent in 1822, •
the consequence was I immediately cnereased the number
of my labourers. I then came forward, and said I don't
want my rent reduced, but though I did not want my rent
reduced, I asked for my tithes to be reduced.—(Great ep-
plautie.)..-Ilaving had my rent cut down sufficiently, I
wasted the tithes to be cut down. I want also a reduc-
tion of taxation, not of two or three millions, but of twenty..
five millions. Well at that moment up got Mr. Sewell ;
he looked rather warm to be sure, but that dieh'nt signify ;
he said, " this is not a public meeting, so its irrelevant.
You shall never have your tithes reduced one shilling. "• I
wag quite mistaken, for I went away thinking he said I
should have my tithes reduced I Was there, now I put it
to you, any one word said by me to intimidate.—(No, no.)
—Now then, was any thing said by Mr. Sewell to inti-
midate.--(Yee, yee.)—When we look back, we filed that
the tithes were or'ginally given to the clergy in trust for
the poor, mid the tithes were actually laid out fur their be•
to fit till the time of Henry VIII. No sooner was this
practice stopped, than insurrections broke out. Do the
parsons apply the tithes to the relief of the poor now?
But I say that either the parsons should take to the poor,
or else they should give up wholly, and solely the tithes.
We are all aware how the tithes act on the farmer. I will
just give you an inotence thwt happened war me. A
neighbour of mine bought, one or two years ago, some
bone dust, he spreads this on some land where nothing
would grow before, and he gets a very good crop of tur-
nips. Well, in comes the parson, and takes his tenth.
Next year barley was sowed, and there was a good crop
where the bone dust wee put, but none at all any where
else. In routes the parson again, and takes his tenth of
the barley, though lee did not go to a farthing'', expense in
preoatiug the ground for the crop. Now, gentlemen, a
le the for taxation. Look at the malt tax. a most °pyres.
aive tax. Lo,k ut the candle tax ! Why I could make
candles for threepence-halfpenny a pound, and we are ob•
liged to pay sevenpenee fOr them, The Aristocracy pay
no taxes scarcely. The middling classes pay nearly all. The
taxes and tithes crush the poor man to earth, bringing the
farmers lifer them. Nine out of every ten farmers are in
a state of hankrupwy. One word about parochial pay.
ments. In 176 V, at Brading, there were iseveopenny
rates, they, however, gradually rose till they reached three
n.. 0 and threepence. In 1801, they were up to ten
shillings and ninepence, anti in 181)9, 10, 11, 12, and 19,
the average amount of poors' rates of these five years wee
661. ss. Now in 1821., 25, 26, 27, and 29, the average
amount has been 110/. Besides this, Church rates are
doubled. I pay 751. more in t axes now than my father
did, when the wheat was s Bing for 251. and 901, per
load. I beg to propose the second resolution.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Ettwa an Wuxi Ns Although my ft iendw from the
platform are ca ling fur cold water, 1 hope I shell not
throw cold water upon the proceedings of to-day, there is
no: one !mere zealous in the cause of Reform titan myself.
I appear before you now twin dire necessity, if theme were
here who ought te be here, I should not leave been brought
befeere you, my proper place is in the tanks, but even
though we leave lost our generale, I will labour for Re.
form. Without Reform the tuiddling classes will he re•
duced to posery and distress. My friend has spoken to
yon in a way lam not capable of only knows where
the shoe pinches who wears it. Ile less spoken to you of
thee operation of tithes mid parochial rases—Levin tell you
how the taxes came; they were ties conampuneee of a weer
w el by its to pot down liberty in other countries. Weer !
that steaneengine fur the manufactory of taxes—half of
the Nation 1 Debt was incurred by our fighting against
the Bourbons, the other half of our fightiug fbe them. It
lens been asked, why should tee come 'Omani—we are very
well off We h.ve a very nice corporation.—k Cheers and
great letighter.)—This very room has often rung with
shouts for the corporation. The festive hoard hoes often
been spread here for those who have been trafficking in
your rights and liberties. 1 think I hear many of them
exclaiming, " What! go without feasts and ale cation
dinners !" I say, yes, gentlemen, you must do without
them you may, indeed, leave one or two more, but diet
is all. But we' will have dinners here,--and this room
shall resound to songs of liberty when a popular candidate
shall be returned for Newport. The dreadful atom of vio-
lence which have been lately committee!, ought many years
eiewe to have been foreseen. Thee poor leave long been die.
regulate I. Not folly has there been a monopoly of borough
interest, but un East India monopoly. Monopolies of all
sorts are prejudicial to the iutereata of the country. I re-
gret our magistrates have tent take n dent noble view of the
subject which they ought ; but they were alarmists, and
:afraid to call a pefilic meeting. The petition which we
propose will be more effective than a petition got up ire a
hole and turner. 'Wheat could we expect but a.milk.and.
water peeition from those who met to oppose the free-trade
in beer? The magistrates have granteel the tot,t of the
Town tf sill for many either purposes, and why not for such
As this? I have long wisher(' to bring this question before
the public, hut we were told the people did not Want Re-
form. They are, however, now ripe for it, and lam glad
to see the question so nobly supported. There will not he
a place in thee kingdom where Reform meetings will not
be held. The banner is displayed ated thousands will rally
t, the etandard. He aeciended the resolution...4Cheers )
„..

The CliAlithtAN—We have been led into a small irre-
gularity, however, can soon be rectified. The first
reolution 'bruit!, after it had been proposed and reconilvd,

Mr, 'Nouse- Txrecruttle-1 now Witte you in' con-
seqUenee of toy having been deputed to propose -the third
nsolutiort. We are met for Risforrit—.why? If its was
not wanted, should wee ask it ? Have sae not seen our
fathers, mothers, litters, brothers, and children, linger.
ing under diet:lsis, opd eon we erty there is not soinething
wanted which wirentatt get? Have we not paid taxes,
rates, and Stints, until.there is not a single farthing left
in our pockets. If-aman lives as he ought to live, does
as he aught to do, keeps his wife as be ought to do, works
bird, toils hard, 'vides capital of four or five %Lothians!
pounds, trill any man sat he ought net to make a profit?
In 1815, the *lobe were Withdrawn, because the" snen who
live on the publie stuntld have treble. In 1818, funds
were at 58,•alond end a half of wheat would buy a bun.
deed but none litakeorfour loads to buy a hundred.. It
is a (regularayittem et combination,. wide)* no matt can
combat agaittirt 4t will beat him down outright. The
met thing kuhill kneels to, is the beautiful system of sine.
ctsrists. let 18081,, 'the slantwise*, the whole lot and breed
of them, fathers, soothers, brothers, and sisters, the whole
generation •froint negionitig to end, demanded one-third
more, WWII& bread was high ; lout a ben di t they 'ever
relinquish it attain? I am no friend to disorder or tlis•
. M quiet,T A„IM* *Vs times 'Wish requ're that men' should
come fireweed and state their minds; toot like those gen-
tlemen who clap their beads in boles end corners ; they
may do so if they like, but they are afrehl to speak' out
their sentiments before a public ea/Opals)... You know a
certain gentleman, a certain Dr. Phlßpotte. He nr,y fill
up his pot as often as he likes; *elm nothing to do
with that. Well, he tower found it Isis interest to'say
one word in` favour, of Ministers until the Doke of Wel-
lington turned round ; Dr. Phillptsita then says, " I'll
. turn mond too," atiii int got 4000!. it year for it: Did
you ever, see a use of achool.boys hlift fern marble,
One great big fellaw.haaeke down the poar*tle boys, and
"'roarikti:"'l4lSw oaly Null)** great Dr, -Phi&
po t.. with ell his solemnity, his grave face, and hie great
big wig, scaroperiug awar.at a deuce of a rate, Over 4101
and dale,, knocking down an, old woman in his way, but
be nicer stops—and no saaner,doee he get into the cello-
deal than hr cries out, " I pot is." I don't exactly
mean to say, that the great Dr. I'billpotts wouldn't those
particular Words, hist it would mean just the same.l But
under the present Alinistry, the great min has been Licked
out of the Rectory of Stanhope. Whenever we have said
anything about Reform before, are have been told 'we were
wrong; we must he on the right side now, at any rate,
for though we were ono* railed radicals, we are now Go.
vernment men. Ido firmly aver that the very words my
father told me thirty-five years ago,• are coming true. The
Duke of Wellington once said, a country meeting is a
farce, but he tnay now look round with a sorrowful coin.
tenance and say, if it was a farce once, it is no farce now.
Nut only are our eoantire meeting, but our towns, cur
parishes, our village'', are coming forward to tell the Doke
of Wellington he was in error. After having said such
a thing as that, what could we expect from him ? Why
that be would (hive us to despair and destruction, while
I e and his friends would revel is extravagance and debau •
e'levy. The !ear of filing fortune has been a gem, of
nigh prise.. I twed not keep you soy longer, but beg, to
oropme the third resolution.

" Mr. Banat DAY, on his rising, was vehemently
cheered; when silence was restored he confess I
should have been much better pleased if you had dispensed
with those fl Ittering marks of your approbation-; fur how-
ever I might esteem them tinder other circumstance*, I
fear they will but tend to increase that embarrassment
which I should have felt under any circumstances. 1 will
endeavour, however, to prevent your. being disappointed
in the exi.ectatious which' you have formed, by sticking
close to nay text. I cannot help alluding to a petition
which has been lying at the Bugle, ,her huvinc been pte-
viously ushered tound this rotten borough, when certain
parties, 'elicited by a most respectable attorney, were per-
goaded to sign--what? why a sort of fire-side petition,
which was actually sent round a begging for signatures;
and not only that, but after all the Wittle, and patrottage
which was excited in its favour; yet,, after all,. when it
lift the Bugle, I raw ie. and it hid then only 149 sub-
sabers, being fifty less than signed nor requisition. I can
tell you, besides, that not above 40 out of the 149 signed
this notable petition voluntarily and of their own free will.
It is high time that Newport shook off the shuckles she
has worn for so many years. This hele.and-rorner
peti-
tion of the greet people was done in thir most humbugging
way that could be.—(Great laughter, and cheers.) It
wiet prepared some considerable time before the public
meeting took place, but it was not with afterwards that
the little humbugging infant was ushered into the world,
and then merely to prevent our meeting, because they did
not like a public meeting. Gentlemen, 1 like public caret-
big.. What bee duet taken plate in the Boors of Large
and Canunions, with regard to the late preeeseion of vents
to his Majesty, and in relation to which the Duke of 'Wel.
lington, though out of office, showed the military deep-
tism he would have evinced ;lad he remained in power ;
Did not Lord Brougham say, e. end, my Loa., what's
more, your Lordships can't prevent them !" I sin sure,
gentlemen, an occasion is only wanting to prove the good
and loyal spirit which animates ya e ; such an occasion now
presents itself, and if we conduct our proceedings this
day, properly and orderly, without any disposition
to anarchy and confusion, *air poor enemies will
smart at being beaten. " England, with ell thy faults,
I love thee still." But is it net heart-rending, where
we should see countenances braining with joy, to hear
proans, Lairs, and lamentations. To what is this attt ibu-
table ? To that system we are DOW Opposing. Gentle-
men, I need not go to Scotland, to Ireland, or to the
Land's-end ; but let as take just A bird's-eye view in this
little Garden of harden, where Providence kindly intended
we should have an abundance of Wave* And fishes, and is
lend flowing with milk and honey, but which the black
slugs of political creation have entirely blasted and
a rayed. Now I only want to twit you, whether we clan's
live in a precious island ? Whether the elective freiteitieo
of this island, which contains a population of front 31,00 n
to 40,000 persons, should be vested in the hands of almut
seventy individuals. We are nut equal in population to
Birmingham or Leeds, yet, although these places send no
member§ to Parliament, we actually send six. But of
what use are they? I say that ea all public occasions such
as this, we uught to have our represents ives among us,
in order that they might be made acquainted with the
feelings, the wishes and the wants of their constituents ;
we ought not to be thriven to rupees cur grievances on a
small slip of paper, on which it ts impossible to compress
one hundredth part of our sentiments. 01 what benefit
are there six men to you or me, cut one of whom have 1
the pleasure of knowing! Any thing is better than the
rotten borough system. With regard to the duration of
Parliament, I am decidedly against septennial Parliaments;
I think the public should be celled upon oftener to express,
their opinion and make their choke. We will hive it
triennial or annual; triennial I think best, becauev annual
would he attended with too much expenee, and greet con-
fusion anti noise. Look at Our worthy member fur New-
port, Mr. Horace Twice, for instance ; give you att
example of his generosity, and of the very great interest he
feels for the wag's of this hotough. My friends, here,
thinking he was a kindshearted stet of gentleman sent to
him, requesting he would come forward and contribute
rometliing towards the fund raising for the relief of the
poor. Mr. Horace Twiss very considerately sad very
humanely sent the following polite reply :—",Perk-pinees
St. James'o, 30th Nov., 1830. Gentlemen, I tun very
sorry that the sudden cleaner which have jest taken ;dares,
put it out of my power, tor, the present, to stuntrihuto,N
the foul far the assistance of the pouret Niwitott, but if nay
connection
ith, the
pe to be abide
sit some rate arch the
laudable lant, Clet,tle•
euisy":". tl,l,trioiwy7vonnuisd,hei
wiras
owl
ouin:irt:_le:tisa:l/2usd:r:—:1•4:11411:t
Sir (continued Mr. Day,) what an iudeserlboblit advan-
tage it is to leave elicit a representative ! I ant no advti-
eate for soy 11 opirtu system of Byrom, that shell loot to
anarchy, confusion, and bloodelied. But I would bring
the aristocracy nearer to the plebeians-...there is too ghat
► distance between them. I would not preach to you
doctrine' that would lead you to trample authority under
taut, or disobey tie laws. There hi one Member of the
minietry in parteuler for whom I have the highest pos.
sable respect, I mean the Lord Chaneellor. Ile is,
still, indeed, a titan of splendid attainutente. Lo -k .t
whet he has done to ameliorate the Administration sit
justice; should lie' succeed in introducing his Bill for local
jurisdictions, it will ''tend very materially to reduce the
amount of those lees which attach to the profession, and thus
save ilia pockets of those who 'Cie imposed upon so dread-
fully by what ore called land an Bill should
tie carried, I shall not have so many Orions rapping st
tuy door, with " Pray, Sir, be you the penman that does
n ,thing !"—(Great laughter,) 1 would have
the bin ough-mongering system ompletely extirpated, sod
the ballot substituted. If thew inTedimeme to our pros.
perity shall be removed, we shall then be happy. There
would no disunion have existed aiming us, het tor the ON.
duet of those whose nusittess it Was to keep us rink.. s.'w
I should ju t like to ask you ti is,—Do any of yon :4"
who your member* ate---even their names? ....ctitiat* ate
never heed ul them. ) There ! whet ten Ow' 11;e "IV
state to which we are redueld better "It"
