I

n

!-

y.

J.

~___ ~<

'l•,'ori.
'..'•,' ik
'l*
„
• .it
. ,
''f•,,,qi.

tions will vat-JIM, like the mists before the sun of
y, . leHitti,ie and true interests, Let'us continue
loyal to Ferdinand. What nation has ever given
ranch proofs of loyAlty to its Sovereign ?---(Mere a
variety- of signal instances are cited.) But surfpose
Buonaparte should prevail on the captive Prince to
enter Spain ; will he be the Same, the adored Mo.
parch of our choice No ! Ferdinand Napoleon can
nevi.e.66 Ferdinand. de Bourbon. No ! he would
be the servile instrument of the Corsiop
encircled by atrocious Gaubi and degrrqleo Spaniard,,
insti2a►l of free and generons:suAkreal ! firs identity
would no longer exi4t. You, would never become
he d,icOvvd victims of such ao.illusion, and the
Crown which the Ty,ant would apparently re-
store, would form a new einhfena' of mockery and
!

• ,
'' PolifiCal independence, and. Otbl felicity were
our Ojects when; at Aranjui4, we tried to seat on
tie Sonia!) Throne, a Prince idolized by us for his
amiable: and' benevolent, disporaion, Such are still
the objets of the. Spanish People, for which they
have eady , sustaioed a three years' sanguinary : war-
Jare,
.and have ly.conyened the Extraoojinary
Cut tes of: the .Spoish Monarchy. To defend' the
country against its.t4ctual enemie,, and to secure its
ttiture independence, is the universal wish of the
people, and ihe *wort) duty of ;bell- Representatives
,I,vish for a monarchical consiitni ion, but one
free and-eiiiiiable,. as now contemplated by:those
Rri)rept,ouiiii !

.Napoleon is deceived as to our real objeas.—
Spaniards combat not for vain glory, or for undc•
unjust .objects---our political independence,
domestic tranquility and freedom, and the in-
tegrity of our tenitories, are our real and only
obj, eta. . •
Let us announce to all Europe, that Spaniards
towooplate, withasionishnient and admirat;on, the
spirited and generous exertions of our Allies ! Let
tis expres's our gratitude to our brethren in
Ame-
rica, who have with such enthusiast,e loyalty as-
serted the.cause of the Mother Country, . and pre-
sent such a stoking contrast to the vile assassins of
theeratcy Tyrant.- Let,ustevince to the, world that
the immt,nse,,power of nor 4otrituou enemy will' nut
$ll/,a4 OEO,IIO the impregnable barrier ‹.)l your heroic
thimgh' he ,should take -advantat-•„o of the
hiltless situatioh of a young mid unpiactised Pruoce,
couvett hinj persohahy itiw.thre blind inorutnout
his.airocious p.ojocts.

" The,Cortes, tlo logitinuite interpreters of your
wills in this terrible t.risis, 4Vilthir solemnly, in your
name, before the Supreale.Being, impr.t;sence of all
the tii,inns of the earth, and of die august and be.
neticciit Ally in Rarticular, nor to I.iy down,their
Grins, nor atrUf I 'lit: CileOly a MO Of repose,
nor to enter into ally concert or agreement with
him, until he ~11,11 have previously evacuated the
toriinii,s of Snail) anti those,of our neiglibi,uring
and ii;usirions t\Jly, Portug,al•! Unite with us, in
this soleNn oath, all you respelabid clergy who
wish to maintain the cause of our alnirs, and our
holy:religion ; ail. you—ennobled it you
pretend in imitation Ui your illostrioits ancviturs to
dete, d the thioue vnd
.the.eouutry ; rtu i all you it,-
dustrious cominricitti citizens, and proprietors
Ut r.vory do ,cripi Km, repine not ;it any sac' dices you
ma) make for' objects so justly dear to you; recoh-
lec! and consider the harbarous and profane at iocitie,
of )ow relentleis enemy, If any amougst :kuu pre-
we4ring the rnatk of inglorious slavery in your
toretik ads, let bun fly the land ,of heroic
ti(cdout, and ouhim be the indignant curves a the

Given at the Royal Is!0 of L.coo, the.
of 9th of',..la9tiary, 1:811.
" At,UNse CAN LOU, Pl'Oitit•tiii.

" Jo $z A4itukti.z, '
Dep. Secretaries,''
" Jusg AZNAIICZ,

• MMI.S.
ARlttvßo Ticligoland, Alai° 4'Wattr-
torci. Lisboa, Oubktil, i tVateliorti.

PRit, it, Os Is
THIS DAV A r TWKLVZ O'CLOCK.

Co so ' • 6511

4ln 1.: ,T kiiki‘wholeinii*ltobeAyi.l;,l`l.l.l: Li
th Li01:11117. will. be
5 siLt nt tour
1 1 t.% pin, 4, i tour or 2,0,0J01. Mid 4,mA) other 1) rues .
, tk
.. ~
.1' II I; S Ij N.
. ',:fx .... . _.........._

SWARM QUIS Olegk P. YALSeII AI.I)T.AI ?

LONDO,V,

IslIJNI)A Y. rEntawrit 0,181 I .

•' 'Windsor Castle,.Fcb. 1 ), ate.

" MAJESTY continues to advance towards

recovery. %,

" W.F1E117.411/BN.
" BmLiah.
" R. WiLus."

gi Windsor Castle, Feb. u, ISt t.
" retrAins in all tcspvi..th as well
43 for the Lir few clay,q`

Signed as tii,11:11.

i\\
\\_

This morning- .wr,p received Liston Papers to the
31st Theiv contents are in general renderel
Uninteresting by .the divatches front Lotd Wrt.-
lisofroN, appeared iii tile G(izette of, Satur-
day last'. It its confidently rQported that JUNOT
dead of his wour.,i,

The following article is extraaed from the Listo,'l

Gazeti

" LispoN, JAN, i.—According to Abelatest intel-
ligence received from the twiny, in a reconnoitring
made by the French near Rio Mayor, General
COMMander in Chief of the eighth corps of
the army, was dangerously wounded in the fate by
a musket bail.

The deserters who have arrived these last few
days ;,iiiirrrs, that (Le pri‘stions and miseries-of the

E
11
4

French are excessive; they are reduced to a fourth
part Din ration of blend, have no wine, brandy, nor
medicines of any kind ; the quJrter part of the artiti
is withobt shoes anUwitbOut clmithing ; the caval:-
ry have no forage, and are xvin dying in great,
nutpbers., as was the case'When they first came, And
when tilti sett their- encampment in front of our
ines. They have indeed, meat, but of a very bad
quality.

" The Chasseurs Britanniqu. e.,4, a tins lieginuint,
800 strong, lauded here,- yfl we,ll, on S.iturdaylast."

The following Letter Alas been received from
Cadiz, djteLl the t2d ult. The Chassoor, lri-
tattniques' arr gone to Lisbon: :Iti -OonsequettL.e tit
114 e diinitiishe,l State'of thebenemy before this place,
the Spaniards, to the amount of 14,000 left
the 1,10 de Leon, on the 20111 inst. and passed over
to the Main, tnaking a-circuitous.route behind the
, •
Monntains, with a e rntent of attacking the enemy
in their roar, in cu-operation with the 13titishlorce ;
we await in anxiOu; expedition of the result.
111 c HARD KEATS and General GRAHAM art. coo-
molly on the ale; t, giving energy :to every system
The French, aware of. their own Wraknels, and
expeaing an attack, are busily employed in in-
.
tfruolting themselves, and taking, other tucistii es
for their security."

It will afird the people of this country, and of
every .other where the virtues of a Monarch are duly
'4)1)14641'4d, pleastue to learn, that ail the presaging
hopes Which-We ventured to entertain and to hold
forth,' grounded upon authentic infermation, re-
specting the probable iMprovement of his MAJESTY'S
health, are fully confirmed.- Our reveled Sovereign
was able to appear openly on the Terrace, at Wind-
sor, on Saturday last, where he walked for about an
hour-in conversation with three' of the
This joyfid event was soon spread over the tbwn,
and hundreds eagerly flocked to the Park,, to have
an opportunity of behohnog their beloved Monarch
in so advanced
,a state of re(raivery., His MAJESTY
walked:with more firmness than.could be expecited,
considering the length and severity of his illness,
and &played as much cheerfulness as could be hoped
for, considering tie melancholy loss by which it
was occaSfoned. His noway wore over his mourn-
log great coat, and seemed 10 derive much
gratlication from the air, and exercise. On Friday,
with the full saa6liOn of.:the Physicians, the aursEN
and Princess AuGuna had an iriterView with his
MAJESTY, who, ae are' assured, was much grafi.
lied, but aot at all agitated, on this interesting oe-
casino. In short, we may confidently nay, atilt his
MAJEsTY's progress towards a CpEllpllle recovery is
in the highest degree satlafaCtory.

• We called the attention of our Readers on Satur-
,
d :y roan article in the Morning Chronicle, which,
for the ineorreoiness of its assertions, the weakness
of iti'reasoning, and' the' Mischievous tendency
,of
every part of it; lids, not been surpassed by a:ny
publication which,, for some years, has fallen under
our observation. The great objea ,of the writer of
the article in question-is, to nod some ground for
an inveaive against the present Minister*, and in
his eagerness to accomplish it, he has not only in-
volved himself in contradiaions, but he has actually
libellglaithose whose cause he professes to espouse.
The Morning Chronicle hasloi a long time profess-
.ed to support the claims of the RoManCatholies of
Ireland (more especially •when its friedds were out
.of (ace), atld it now attributes all the disorders and
Outragcs which are comucuitte4 its, Ireland to this
cause, viz. that complete emaneipation, Fes it is
called, is not granted to the IteaLtn Catholres ; or, as
it is sometimes termed, because they are still ,kept
iii a state of proip*ion. H any one had applied

empire.

these epithets to the situation in ,which that class of
his Majesty's subjeols were at the'connneneeffient
of the present reign, it would not perhaps have been
cagy to chew their' injustice ; but IL is worse than
absurd to apply theffi now, because, as, we stated .on
Saturday, his Majesty's reign has been one uninter-
rupted series of concessions to thorn, and we.are
sorry to tictd, that.every concession, has been til-
lowed by increased demands on the pan of the Ho-
man Catholics.

Our object at prerietlt is not, however, to enter
into tu investigation of the, claims of Roman
Catholics, but to onimadvert upon the article in the
Morning Chronicle of Saturdly. The writer, of that
article asserts, as we have already said, that all the
Miduight outrages, which at present disgrace Ireland,
proceed from the refusal to grant the claims of the
Catholics; that is to say, that the Roman Catholics,
whose cause he eipo OCti, and the loyalty of whose
cumin& he se frequently panegyrises, are the au-
thors of these atrocious rt6ls. He further adds, the!
they are arming and organizing themselves into a
military ahape, to:Obtain their demands by force.
NV:e big here to be distinaiy understood, that it i 3

the Morning Chronicle and not afe, who prefer thii
heavy accusation against the Roman Catholics of
Ireland. So far front preferring such .a
against that body of our fellow subjeds, we feel no
, . .
. hesitation in declaring, tnat we believe it to be un-
true. We have too' high a sense of the loyalty, of
the good sense, of the religious princiPles of the
Irish Roman Catholics, to ascribe, . to. them
'such conduEt, and therefore our observations arc
dhecka not to the principles. and eondUa
.of
the Irish Cat bones, as we understand them, but
to the principles and condud• which their advo-
cate, the Morning eh/rankle,. ascribes.to
We should atiribute the disorders Which unfortu-
wady pre ail in some distrids in Ireland, not to the
Roman Cathol,es, but to a Party, small we trust and
in numbers, but indafitigable in its di signs
and atiive in its operations, which secks Wit over-
throw
of all Government, and which, instead of • be-
trig influenced by religious feeling, only ot:lltes ute of
it as an instrument to promote, its ultimate views,
which are as repugnant 'to the principles of religion
as they are hostile to the existence of kgitimate Go-
vernment.

Wrili
regard to the claims which the Irish no-
man Catholics have preferred, we have'already semi
.wedo not mean to discuss them ; they have, in:coo,-
mon..,vith the rest`Of his Majesty's subj.:As, rigs t,
if they feel themselves aggrieved, to petition Parlia-
ment, where the merits `of their case will be fully
di,ctissed and fairly decided upon. If the causes.
which Yed to the Revolution in 1688, have ceased
to operate; if the. religious -apprehensions which in-
fluenced' the minds of the great men Who brought
aboM that event ought no longer to be entertained ;
if the alarin which was ,entertained of the influence
of the Pope, when he wasan.independent. Prince,
has become groundless now that 'he is a. pas-
sive instrument in the hands of our powerful
anti—implacable enemy ; in if . all
Ile
causes whicn have hitherto prevented the success
Of 'the liontin Catholic claims have ceased to ope-
rate,' why, then Parliament Will, we prentpe,,gratii
their
,petition, and, we shall, 'of. course, humbly
submit 'to that decision. But how does the Morn-
ing Chronicle, that professed :advocate of the. Irish
Catholics, state their case''hat they. are about to
submit then; claims, in a regular constitutional way,
to the con'sidin'ation of ,Parliament ? .NO—That 'they
are plundering the houses and maltreating the per.-
sons of their felltAv subjects—That they are dis-
turbing the peace of, the country, by every. species
of
,midnight outrage—that tliq ate ,arming them-
selves fur the purpose of obtaining their detnands
from Govonment by liJrce.—A more gross and. tin=
fotNded libel upon, the Irish Catholics, of Ireland
cannot; in our opinion, he conceived, ;but this ;
the way li wLich the Morning Chrgnicle states Weir
case,—these .nre ihe grounds. upon vtlitch that Pa-
per recournicnik it 1,, the Javetnable consideration
of Parliament awl of the Protestant SUbjecti:of this

Now these assertions'ef the Morning Chronicle
must be either founded or unfounded; it founded
we. beg to aSk, are outrae ,
g , violence, and tnetioaced
rebellion,..to be. urged as rtasons why Parliament
should treat the Catholie4 with petaor.lavotii, and
grant, them extraordinary indulgence Is an at-
tempt at this moment (when the country, is so
threatened from abroad), to endanger its very exist-
ence by iutestine eounnotion, to be considered as a
proof that.those who bavegiade that attempt are emiJ
neatly qUalified, from their loyalty and patriotism, to
proteer its safety >nr Are Irish. Catholics to be
allowed at the same time to prosecute ,their claims
by a. Petition in England, and by a Rebellion in Ire-
land ? If unfounded (as we are sure they are) then
,what becomes of all. the reasoning of the Morning
Chronicle, to show that these diSterbances are at all
eonneaed with the continuanee of the present Mi-
nisters in Ofliee c because they most proceed from a
set of men, not a4uated by any religious „motives,
equally averse to the Opposition and to the. Mini-
sters, and; in,a. word, decidedly- hostile to :the esta-
.
hlished 'GUyerntrient..
We ought, p4haps, to apOlogise tor dilating so
much upon this subject but it is a most important
one; the Irish, Catholics ought not to have stall
motives, sea Principles, anti such condua attributed.
t0,thetn,0144...0.1.414..nciL‘ t‘‘,6u4
m helled, - because it
may suit the yiews and g.eatify the feelings of a dis-
zippoirued Party, to embarrass the Ministers whom
they cpeld not d ,
isplace' .One word more, and we
nave done. The Morning Chronicle says, that the,
present Ministers have despised conciliatory'mea-
sures,
and;asks, " Have they adopted coettive ones?"
We flatter our.selves that, in what- we said upon this
subject on ~Saterday, we proved- that the Irish Go-
vernment have not negleeted conciliatory measures:
.we gave probfs that that . Government seized, with
eagerness, and with pleasure, the. first moment that
it could, with safety., to repeal the severe law 3 w
113 d. been,anode(' fro hich
m necessity', and to admit the

?~;

people of Ireland to the benefits of ibe CrO
by the modification of the Arms MI, i'd°
repeal of the Insurreetion A. with repo
question respeding coercive nie3SUCCSI
ae
no answer from positive knowledge upon'.
jeci, but, from what we hart! seen of t;'
Poverninent, We are convinced that it *lir
upon investigstion that it hatbeen as Pr6l;
efforts to repress outrage and to enforce 3
(hence to the laws, as it proved itself a'
impart. th benefit of thcie, 13AS to the
Ireland.

Roma, for his libel in the Day, tv3",
sentenced to 12 months imprisorintellt js°'
chalsea; and to enter into a recogaizoc!'
Of
in. 5001. and to find twO,suretio Of
On Saturday orders' were give') by 11/1-4
CHAMBERLAIN for the Mcssengets utter
trout, called the KIINK,'s Alesoefigels, 'Of
MAJESTY when in-tuwn, to take the 0 `;J ,
audd,ihp.tiches to the Public Oificv,,
tenet the PRINCE 1111 GENT one n the "we'f:t.
It is,uoderatood, that the NiscE, 10.1 re
of ext rerne delicacy, does not interidtotikt
of the vacal,t ILbbands of either Order,
the KING'S recovery, to lay t teat at 10
a
teet.
The ItscEives first Levee is fixed forTt*
iv: inst.

I'►ie Sign ManuAl of the ntitvoiT P!!
ready given to more than 500
(ither State 'lns!rumente; to moil of II
e
only siglieLl G. P. It.. but to all tilt! fOrt'°
P. R. • Ain;

'rile PRINCE REGENT did not gnu'
terday, but is expected to go down
row morning, when he.wilthare an into
MAJESTY. • hid)
The substance-of the Speech by Iv-
,
ness of the SesSi4n is to:be ovule° 1-",i)to
be' btbitfed• hi Council this (I3Y, ,(„ .off:
tion Qt the -pßibice, Alterrdo
ANCSI.L.O4 of • Ex"cimuti s) le
Ninititers, 1.011 tetve.dimiers, when it
the friends et- Government who are ivrit
'Abe Speech, we understand, will
afford but little ground for.ditfereiniti ion,
. The Address: in the noose of Colnalod.l
tnoved-' by Mr. mu,NE, and se°°'l
BlonAl4l, ‘VELt.e..q.p.y, eldest S'in °I ,8
\-tsterday morning, about
Lotto. CHANCELLOR rived at ‘Vir/u6: cr 'ol4hrid )
i I
tetnru t
o.attl
od
ietinoCne. e:f, the KING f°fLii..eittlio
lime- At' ibree o'..elock his LordshiP 4`.
Fre,,i!eh Cencul GotienborP St'fi
roc teo a wiernuri4( to, AL,oxisa,,3l,oo(
Ctbf,o;ll?;.:l„.ll.,le:ijr;irgi;:l.liatit'ctigect,,l(.2lßicatiortsi.tiCitiiost:iin)tue:sldht
The Court ordered the allegations 1°,,/
-trito ; but theagh they were ,txt
1.. founded, if was deemed neeesssry to m„
entice, and. Count Rosg.f.x lvs been reco:i
•Accounts had be:-:n teceiVe'd at -4 c::)••00I
the Russians hsci reinforced their 5-r:t10
land, and had au4m ,„ ented theirartal art
from 12 to .15,000 men, with a
the peasantry, who were averse to n''.;,l:ol
Swedes iiad alio sent supplies of rit
corps of 3000 men to their iron'
The decree for uniting the Vat'
of. the- Department of the. Situp
Emptre,,lias been produatve of
inhaViants, who enjoyed
and who.relied on the faith of lot
expressed great dissatisfaaion on
nicatect to the-m and requresitti
rat COLIIItCIESAR BER'illlElt, the
&fry, to st!syerid its execution anti
a Deputation to Paris. 13givrar
dhiisioley.
orders were
decreere'Pere'nPwtharsY'acaLtir
execution. On the 23d 'of atie,'
was transmitted. from Park, that
been put
,under arrest. The poi'
collected lit Sion, before tie rest"
who, finding it impossible to diver,
desired the troops to ch,fige atiil tt
fore this, order, however could
brought io the ground by a 'stuns
in attempting to ?until] thiS itto
by the populate with a losi or 20
on both sides, thmu., of ol
extended to
,Martuyry'and .1,-*°(ll'
es Were committed; troops %"
the neighbouring depotinttots
been broken down, and many '
at Sion had arms, It 'wasWit'
.4 body of .1500 . Attacked in
pthitinn near the ;
contusion-lit the first ~
were Pot to the sword,
ed, and the pitsons at the ditfor!°‘,l'l'l.
Corte., among other •
ed that no Frenchman,
Frenchmen, to the fourth '4; . .;
, • •
Member of tf.e Connell.
. Admiral. Da CUUllt: V after rar
of Buenos Aytes,.,. has returned fo
at Rio
Irish Catholics have
Petitiotis to both 1-louses of Parh.,lnc
(0
Sons to whosettuanagenietit thrY
with a view to their being preietite`wi,J "
IVe are informed bv, a person ito,t
llitely from' F'' • t Inr.Verp,
1111,' 40(
Istp. •
tortn. itt‘ •
are-complvtely restored at the 4,,
Antwerp there are-inine sail of
ow
,r.
„ p
ring as taq'as tivircan.; and inin
A Lirea‘
the Continent being- 3topPeu, 7„ept,ilf
Hamburghers, lAibethersi ~
are ioduced to enter, pi' the "
they can, get suhsiltence. l'u°le.e 4 stz
many troops there. The P'°P,.
tress from the loss of thcik c.°l)(ll",rce"

lIICr
1.116 Wltlerilifl,/
nits), 1011,4,
rmuch it4'
CClllia;j;ifJ
er ez
1 )15, A,19
Erope!"ol:hightt
til ollorf
itu I°ld rit4l
d that
cs
11311:
sir
P or $l.
eLi
ells;
;
Fay
till
0j?:.
ooßt
, arg
1
rye.
of
tPI
,66
LICI'-'
