THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
A Jamaica mail has arrived this morning, brought by the
Pandora—sailed on the 22d of December.
The following was posted at the North and South American
Coffeehouse:

" Falmouth, Jan. 21.
" The Pandora packet arrived this morning from Jamaica,
only twenty days from Crooked Island, and only nine weeks
and five days on her voyage altogether. She brings no news—
four passengers, and 150,000 dollars for merchants' account."
(From the Jamaica Papers, received at the above Coffee-house,

of Dec. 14.

The House of Assembly closed its labours on Thursday, and
was prorogued by his Excellency the Governor until the 7th of
January next, in a speech of some length, and of a most satis-
factory character. By the second paragraph in his speech it
will be seen that the Legislature will have a future, and we
anticipate no distant opportunity of reconsidering whatever has
now remained undone.

The time, too, is fixed, when answers to these communi-
cations shall have been received from the mother country.
The part, however, of his Excellency's address which gives
us most pleasure in the perusal, is that which refers to the
system to which we have been, and are, so much opposed. It
evidently came from the heart, and it goes to the heart of
every one, making that of the philanthropist thrill with
secret joy. " Slavery," says Lord Mulgrave, " that greatest
curse that can afflict the social system, has now received its
death-blow,"---has received that mortal stab which in common
with others we have laboured partly to inflict; and the satis-
faction we now feel is only abated by the conviction, that
the monster is yet destined to exist a few short months,
and may, under another name, afflict our country during the
existence of the apprenticeship.

Lord Mulgravelias well said, it has long been evident that
the protracted continuance of slavery could only lead to the
dissolution of that society, the powers of which were paralyzed
by its baneful effects; but we return to his Excellency's speech,
and particularly the declaration contained in it, that there is
no determination that could be hailed with greater satisfaction
by the British Government and people than that of diminish-
ing or abrogating the term of the apprenticeship, and no one
who would rejoice more than himself at the last traces being
utterly effaced of that state of things of which he has personally
witnessed the inseparable evils. Well will it be for the mana-
gers of slaves if they attend to the %aiming which his Lordship
has deemed it necessary to reiterate.
(From the Jamaica Papers of the 21st of December.)
We have received the Bahama Papers to. the 7th instant.
The Bill to relieve his Majesty's free-coloured and black sub-
jects of the Bahama Islands from civil disabilities, which passed
the House of Assembly on the 18th of September, has been
published. The House of Assembly was then prorogued.
