much less than a century ; and though John Roe has
now long been dead, I am told his mantle has fallen en
other shoulders, and that the Roeites may still be found
in the old barn chapel."—" A Glimpse of our Local Re-
ligious," by William Howitt.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

f pstom THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.)
(From the Globe.)
~ We demand to know," says the Times," why arc
the Dublin repeal meetings permitted by the Govern-
ment ? Will it be pleaded that they want strength to
suppress the evil ? This is true ; but not the less is
their shame." We demand to know on our part, what
Goverment, whether Whig or Tory, when a country is
peaceful, would be mad enough to screw a stopper upon
such ebullitions as are merely " the hissing of the safety-
valve," and have no resemblance to the " bursting of
the boiler." If the Whig Government " want strength
' to suppress the evil," so did the Tory Government
in 16;30, when the same evil had raised its head.
We want to know why that Government did not sup-
press the Dublin repeal meetings? Why did it not
also suppress the Birmingham Union, which had com-
menced its then formidable operations the year previ-
ously ? We can only presume that " it wanted strength
to suppress these evils," if the Times is to be regarded as
the organ of Tory wishes. What are the Dublin
repeal meetings—what is the Birmingham Union
now? There was a great clamour raised not long
ago about Lord John Russell's assertion at Liverpool of
the Constitutional right of the people to express their
opinions at public meetings. There can be no doubt
that occasions may arise when that right must be
limited by superior considerations of public safety and
order. But we would ask whether the constant outcry
for such restrictions, without reference to any threat-
ened disturbance of the public peace,is the mode of
proceeding really best calculated to avert such disturb-
ances. It it be so, assuredly Whig organs sin by omit-
ting such outcries, and Whig Ministers sin by omitting
acts in accordance with them. But, if it be so, Tory
rulers, of late times, have sinned still more deeply, be-
cause they have sinned (according to the prints of their
party) against better knowledge. According to the
views which those organs conceive to contrast most fa-
vourably with Liberal licentiousness, and hold forth as
the creed of their party, the leaders of that party (at
the later periods they have been in power) have been
inexcusable in not having enforced the whole code of
restriction which the Pitt or Castlereagh epochs of
alarm placed at their legal disposal.
(From the Courier.)
There is a curious admixture in the Paris papers of
war speculations and ministerial incriminations. The
Journal des Debats, in an article of some length,
worked up with great tact, probes the causes of the panic
which occurred on the Thursday at the Bourse, on the
propagation of certain rumours that the " Russians were
in Asia Minor, the English at St. Jean d'Acre, and the
French at Candle." Now, the intelligence of these
events was said to have been communicated by a
telegraphic despatch from Toulon received by the minis-
try on that day. Reports to the effect stated were no.
toriously in circulation, and acted upon stocks so as to
create a sudden and considerable fall, yet the Minis-
terial papers of the same evening, anxiously looked
for, made their appearance without one word of con-
firmation, denial, or explanation, as to the validity
of the news. Now i❑ this country, where Minis-
terial reserve is carried much farther than in Paris,
it would have been deemed proper only by the
Government to have interposed in such a case
with some statement confirmative or negative of the
reports abroad ; but in Paris, where the connection
between the Ministry and their organs is so much more
direct and confidential, the departure from an established
rule in this instance could not fail to be productive of
general inconvenience and damage, and to give rise to
suspicions very discreditable to the personal characters of
Ministers already accused in public opinion of making
official facilities subservient to the purposes of the Stock
Exchange. We shall see to-morrow what reply or ex-
planation will be given by the Ministerial Papers to
these indirect imputations of the Journal des Debats.
The Commerce follows on its proposed scheme for an
" armed neutrality" of neutral maritime powers against
England in the event of war.

(From the Standard.)
If "France wants nothing for herself,"—if " France
merely aims at the status quo—France may fairly
concede the same to England. England wants
nothing for herself. England aims at nothing but
the status quo. England is already encumbered and
embarrassed by the extent of her territories, more
particularly of her continental territories. During the
last fifty years, twenty-five of which she was mi-
-1 gaged in a war for her existence, England has
not voluntarily extended her territorial authority.
She has been compelled to occupy posts for the
protection of her trade ; and in India a vast em-
pire has forced itself upon her—the native princes
have thrown themselves under her protection,
as a common refuge from the effect of recipro-
cal animosities. Our Indian empire is, indeed, in
part a realisation of that beautiful theory of Bishop
Butler, that a state at once powerful and just would
find it difficult to avoid universal empire. But though
compelled thus to enlarge her imperial boundaries,
Great Britain has waged no war of ambition for fifty
years, either upon the pretext of " national honour," or
" national glory," or any other pretext. Far betteris it for
us, and far better do we like it, that other nAions enjoy their
independence, if they give us their friendship ; we have
thus the benefit of commerce without the cost neces-
sary to protect dependencies. Compare the conduct of
England and of France in respect to Algiers. Each
nation bad an insuic to resent—England effectually
vindicated her honour by the victory of August 27,
1816, and contented herself with exacting three con-
ditions—the extinction of Christian slavery for the
future ; 2d, The instant liberation of all the Christian
slaves in the principality, whatever their nation ; 3d. the
repayment of the sums extorted as ransom. Having
obtiined these conditions—conditions not for England,
but for the Christian race—Lord Exmouth withdrew
his gallant fleet, amid the merited plaudits of the civi-
lised world. France in her turn subdued the Dey ;we
need not tell the rest.

HARBOROUGH.--A strong sensation was pro-
duced on Wednesday, in Harborough, on it being dis-
covered that not less than nine persons had taken poison.
Some scup had been given by Mrs. Edgley, confectioner,
to a family named Birch. Mrs. B. had given part of it to the
farn.ly of Saml. Pollard. The children of the latter, Mrs.
13., and some others who bad partaken of it, were taken
seriously ill shortly afterwards, and the stomach-pump was
applied, by means of which a quantity of copperas was ex-
tracted from the stomachs of the parties. At the time we
write ( Wednesday evening), Mrs. B. continues very ill ;
the children are better. How the copperas was put in, or
by whom, is a mystery at present. —Northampton Mercury.
FIVE HUNDREDTH .ANNIVERSARY OF THE
FOUNDATION or QUEEN'S COLLEGE.-This being the fifth
centenary of this College, it was observed by the Society
with the accustomed pomp and hospitality. All its mem-
bers of the degree of M. A, and upwards were invited to
attend, and were lodged within its walls. They began to
assemble on the 18th, and on the following day a numerous
party dined in the hall. On the 20th (the principal day)
all the assembled members breakfasted in the ball, and at
elevai o'clock proceeded from the Provost's lodgings, in
procession, to the College Chapel, where the morning ser-
vice was read by the Rev. J. B. Maude, and an appropriate
sermon wan preached by the Rev. Dr. Fox, the Provost.
At live the whole party sat down to a most sumptuous
dinner in the Hall, and a public breakfast on the following
morning concluded the festivities of the week.—Orford
Herald.

r SIERRA LEONE.—By letters from Sierra Leone
to the middle of June, we find that the yellow fever had
again broken out in its most malignant form, no less than
nine deaths having occurred within a few days. Mr.
Teague, Ordnance Clerk, died on th.! 12th of June ; Mr.
Pyne, Colonial Surveyor, on the 13th ; several of the
Church Missionary Society ; as also the wife of Mr. Dove,
of the Wesleyan mission. Colonel Doherty, the Governor,
had a severe attack of fever, which had decided him on
returning home in the Lord Wellington, which was to sail
in July. Great discontent and a general feeling of disgust
prevailed in the Colony from the system of favouritism
that existed, and placing military officers in acting civil
appointments, to the prejudice of the old officers of the
departments.
BERLIN, AUGUST 11.—I am able positively to
announce to you that notwithstaliding all the official and
unofficial accounts of the French, no orders have yet been
given here for any such preparations on our part. Nor is
any uneasiness felt on that account; for on the one hand
we know that no great preparation or loss of time is re.
quire d to have our reserve and the landwehr completely
armed, and on the other hand, the outcry of the Paris
Journals is estimated at its own value, and no more,—
From a Correspondent.
A most important order has just been made, which
is to compel assignees to file their accounts with the pro-
visional assignee (Mr. Sturges). If an assignee does not
the his account within ten days after being applied to, a
rule is be served personally, calling on him to file his
account forthwith, accompanied by an affiJavit which must
not
only set forth the assets received, but those to be got
svinc.neh
furS rnhln ouanldt
the ha
attachment,co neglectortmay t ofile his account after service of
be m
and tohreedasosniganneeafficolmaymititetfeasetro-
Ne xgate.

• The scarlet fever very much prevails at `Vantage
at present among children. Two interment.; have just
taken p ace. The only daughter of ,N
Newbury-street, anda little boy, son nicr.MAr.ld h‘wvoerntin,ano,f
were taken ill and died near same the time.
The high wind and heavy sea
of Monday
night caused great loss to some of the fishermen on this
part of the coast who had ventured osu wt.hole fleet, except One boat
one, which the crew were
be-
longing to Cockhurnspath Coin the
Cove lost it
act
is b
of shooting, when
all the rest went down with fisli—
this being so early as
eight in the evening. Some of the Ey
iltinhh as beats suf-
fered very great losses, the heaviest of vs that
experienced by Thomas Dougall and his crew, whow
lost
thirteen nets, having been forced to unbend thern
to not being able, in such a sea-way, to haul them. se
owing
are happy to hear that General Maitland, of Mander_
son, who has more than once performed similar acts of
kindness, has taken Dougall's case in hand, and will pro.
bably procure reparation for his severe and sudden loss,—
Berwick Advertiser.
