OF TIIE SPENCEANS.

Since the creation of the world a Society n
this, wicked description has not 'yet appeared it
theory, and much less so in practice. Their avow.
ed phit is to abolish all taxes—tithes—to burn
churches, end no doubt houses,—divide the soil.--
destroy enclosin es—and have annual Parliaments
with universal Suffrage. It is a. condescension in
any one, but friendly to misguided men, to point
out the folly of their ideas, and the mischief that
would result to society if the Spenceans. these New
lumtrii, had power to execate their plans. MI
ancient Legislators, who tor Med Governments,
would not allow- men who were not possessed of
property to legislate or bear arms in defence of
their country ; for they justly considered, that
those who had property hail a greater interest
In the defence of the State. This was the case in
the early ages of Rome, and not deviated from
but from necessity, and when Hannibal's vie-
tories had diminished tile number of Roman citi-
zens. When Servius Tullius was Sixth King of
. Ramie, lie divided
,the Romans into six Classes,
first Class, of the richest citizens, be Made to
consist of ninety-eight centuries ; the 2d Class,
next in wealth, um divided into twenty-two;
3d MSS into ; 4th Class into twenty•two;
sth Clitsi into thirty ; and the 6th Class into one
century. In this last Class were pet all the in-
digent men, and as each century hail a vote,
the poor had but one vote, and the First Class,
the rich, hail more votes than all the other Classes
pin together, and the balance of power was in
their bands ; but then for the detence'of the
State they furnished more money and soldiers
than all the other Classes. Here is 'it proof that
the indigent were not entrusted with legislation.
NVhile the Senate of Route was respeeted,, the
Romans enjoyed their liberties ; but when the
common people overeowered the Senate, they
lust their freedom by establishing military des-
potism. The people of England were in a state
of villeinage, or slavery, like the present Serfs
•
of liusiia and Poland, until It fat &period ; and Par-
liaments- had not the freedom of debate. till
restoration of King Charles- the Zit. At
Gloucester, anti Leominster, there is 'universal
SolTrage, and at these places ten guineas is the
price of a. vote, anti Mr. Most, orhe that gives
most 'money, the electors will clime in prefer-
ence for their Member of Parliament. This
shows the lower dos of people are inoret orropt
then their superiors. But what an enormous ex•
pence he entailed on the,c6utetry by utti-
versa! Suffrage .and annual Parliaments, at the
rate of ten guineas a vote. At present, when there
is a ae,neral Election, the lois of [about' is com-
puted at the valite of a million steeling, and is this
loss to be repeated. every year ? The destruc-
tion of enclosures conites next ender con•
aidenitinn, If enclosures were destroyed, it
would initire the crops of hay, .corn, &e.
The hedges, and trees growing in the hedges,
attract the huniidity, and cause the attraction of
rain trot the clouds, which would otherwise pess
over without its falling; so that the enclosures
occasion in -Great Britain almost a perpetual.
spring, and renders this our Island fruitful, and
the envy of other countries., The following is a
proof that the hedges end trees attract litunitiity,
for, in very dry weigher, let any mats go into a
large field, part of which has green wheat grow-
ing, mud she..,,.uher hart either fallow or preparing
for sprilg corn tlif he wdki on the
shoes will be dusty; hntif he goes into the wheat,
his shoes will sink deep in mOistore. This is a
sufficient argument tot chew the absurdity of -de-
stroying enclosures. Before the commons were
enclosed, a feW miserable half-starved sheep and
geese were fed upon them ; the same laud enclosed,
and producing only turnips, will maintain twenty
times the number of sheep fat. If taxes, were
• abolished, what would become •of the 'money
vested in the Funds, the interest of which is ap-

pt•opiiated to the support of several charities

What would become of .the Wounded and brave
veterans of Cheisca sod Greenwich 'Hospitals ?
What is to Itscome of the Poor Rates ? and, un-
der the ayi'i.em of thc :Spenecati3, bow do they
propose,toiwotect the aged nod the irifirm 7 Will
tbev, raise, in additiOn to the Poor Itstes, the sum;

of I'oool. for the support of the poor, rand which
was done last year in a eonntry town ; and other
sittiseriptioiis of a similar Oat itre, Other towns.
were o;le:red into for the assistance of the poor,
In.eansg,the harveit failed Worn sot being housed
in time, from' the went or4oler hc.tt ; For• the
crops of every kind %fere most abundant. 11

ti cs weic What rulii %Total .ensue
Ali the kbontiog classes employed in manitipelo-
(ies fur the huliport of fo'reign conmerce. . In the
course of 20 yeaile, .lire le will be fewer taxes in
Great Britain than any 'cruntrY, because the
National Debt, ti6Ve 800 having
a'Siuking rand of Millions, will be reduced.
below 600 trillions in fourteen years, and in
'fourteen years move will not be above 150 mil-
lions, below whist' it. will not petit be prudent
to reduce the debt. 'pitting the=
eight years taxes will continually de+elt,ei, be-
cause there will he an intux of wealth knot, our

•
commerce. • Before the year 1793 there Was •,100
millions sterling Worth 'of merchandise came into '
and %vent out of London weekly, and the same
must happen again, when Europe recovers from
the effects of the late Wars'.
It the SOenceans do not frequent ch:urches,
others do ; and who might not' tamely see their
churches destroyed, and their worthy clergymen
deprived of their things, and reduettl uitli their
families to indigence.—As the detnolitiou of
li Uses will probably follow that of chinches, the
property vested in houses is. immense, from the
vast expence of building, pictures, furniture, and
other articles, and in thte)r, several rionificatfous.
giVes employment, in tmy one house, to ist least
100 artisans ; because the divisions of their ht-
boors accelerates their work,' MI these artisans,
.from their want of employmetth wOnlit the" he
deprived of tread : are the, Spenccatis in thc;ir
last act, the. division of the to indemnify
them ? Is a man brought up .to carving end
gilding picture frames conversant in farming ?
flow many acres is to be allotted to each man ?
§oilts differ in quality and-valve : will 11-, quarrels
ensue about partitions? Is a brick or Stone cot-
tage to be built on each portion' of lanll, and who
is to pay for it 3 The expellee of building the cot-
tage will be equal to the land, Arc the bricklayers,
"nations, and house-carpenters to he put in requi-
sition, end fo'reed like slaves to work for nothing ?
because otherwise cottages could not be built iu
sufficient numbers. The division of the soil is nut,
Only impracticable, but the liiildest Mee -which ever
tittered into or disgraced the brain of
,an Itntnan
heing. If ever this madness' slionl4 be veallsed,
every inhabitant would wear as clothes the skins
of the animels he killed for food,: It the Spencearts
had proved *successful in Lontloo: sititcr attacks
sitnilar woe to have followed in other
„places.—
Could the Spenceans hope for ultimate-success,
when their numbers are but as a drop of water
compared to the ocean, when opposed to the po-
pulatimi of dick adversaries, who have a veteran
:army and experienced._ officers so support them.
The art of modern war depends on the seielme3,
and those ()fleet's best .chronicled in this history,
and who can bring, that knowledge and its tactics
into 'the field, Will defeat with inferior on
their encinies. As the avowed 'Object of the
Spenceaus is Ito be attained by notrder, plunder,
and destrattion, what mercy can they expect in
battle? toe stn thc3e (iecaiii4.)rts 'fittark. seldom
given. Perhaps martial law may sooti be declared
in those districts where the. Spenceati 'doctrines
have taken root, and every suspected man 30 those
districts may be obliged to find two sureties, toni-
city!) of these two more, and so on, Should tiny'
man go from his sureties, by being guilty of it
I.oreach of the peace, being seditious or preaching
sedition, his eoretics might be sentenced to trans-
portation for life, aedilie principal hanged when
taken, • These temporary laws. may nnpeer ['firs!, ;
but is here innocent people are liable to be mur-
dered in their beds, any half metontres will be
cruelty to the orderlyspart 'of the community. If
martial law should be prnelaintoi any where, per-
hops a force of tit least 5000 infantry, cavalry,
and horse artillery will be sent at the santelitne,
and to which every lOyel subject artut.7d can repair
for protection, end at the same time support the
military in case of hostilities.

THE RIOTER'S.---At the last, Old -Bailey Ses-
sions, Richard Gamble, Wm. Gunnell, and John
Carpenter, were tried and acquitted upon a capital
charge, of having.broken into anti entered the
dwelling-house of Mr. BacKwrrn, ht Suowbill,
and %via) hatrinA stolen therein a vast quantity of
fire-arms. After their oegoittal, they were, triton.
an application made to, the Court by Mr. Guu Nay
on the part of the Crown, ordered.to be dct'ailled,
to be tried for a mis4emeanonr. On Saturday,
Mr. Nawmisx, the Governor of Newgate, received
an oflivial communication front the Secretary of
State's Office, authorising him to discharge them,
on condition of their entering into their own se-
cognizance to appear at any future period, should
'the Law tiff:l:yrs-of the Ci'otvit tet.pkira thelll 50
to do. This they irrtantly tlid, and were shortly
afterwards dischargcd, •

• SINGULAR OCCUHRENCIt......On Thursday lust, as
Some sailors were entleavourin,,,, to. split- some -old
homb.shells; on the beach at,,,Alargate, by driving
iron tapering bolts into the fusee holes, one 13-
inch shell, which had been lying on the beach
some years, restioed all their power to rend it, and
not being ble to withdraw the bolt, their took. it
to Mr. Chapman's forge, and heated it red hot:
Observing it make a hissing noise, they appre-
',ended danger, anti withdrew some little distance
from it, when it wride tut exploion as. loud as a
six-pounder, drove out the iron- bolt through an
adjoining partition, and the shell itself took a di-
rection through the front window of the shop,
and carrying awhy the jamb of the window,t rock
the front of Mr. Bamford's hotie,on. the opposite
Side of the-street, at an tirvlttiou of §eveo feet
from .the fire where it wn.s heated. it went with
such velocity as to drive in the flints five inches,
breaking some to pi,ces, and others into pomtcr.
The shell weighed 200 weight, anti was mit hi the
least damaged, and providentially no person wus

SUICTDR:—On Sattirday morning .N.lr• Clark', a
respectable master butcher in iatiies.street, Lis.
son-grove, Paddington, put nn end to his exist-
ence by cutting Isis throat, fie "was found lying
on his lace at the dour of his slangliter.house,
quite dead. He has left a wife and several children.
