SURREY.

Eligible Freehold Estate, near West Wickham, and three
miles from Croydon. Capital new erected Residence,
with Offices ofall descriptions, Farm House, and Buildings,
Coach-houses and Stables : excellent Kitchen Garden,
walled ; Entrance Lodge, &c. ; standing in a 6ne Pad-
deck; the surrounding Land laid out in the Park-like
style, skirted by Woods and Plantations, Meadow and
Arable Land ; the whole about Two Hundred and Thirty-
fire Acres.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick House, Regent-street),
By Order of the Proprietor,
At Garraway'ti Coffee-house, 'Change-alley, Cornhill, on
THURSDAY, July 10, at Twelve,
IN ONE LOT, _ _

THE very desirable and beautiful FREE-
HOLD ESTATE, PARK FARM, situate in the
Parish of Addington, near West Wickham, and about three
miles from Croydon; comprising a capital new erected
Mansion, the property and residence of the late P. I. Le
Cointe, Esq., deceased, planned for the accommodation of
a gentleman's family, with offices of all descriptions, sniteS
of elegant apartments, finished in the first style of work-
manship, replete with every convenient domestic office,
and fine water laid on to- the different servants' apart-
ments, fit fur immediate reception. A productive kitchen
garden, walled round and well planted with the choicest
fruit trees in full bearing, a gardener's house, excellent
farm and stable yards, enclosed by a brick wall, two coach
houses, stables for eleven horses, servants' rooms, and
lofts over ; a compact pleasant farm-house, with offices,
gardens, Ste. barn, cattle and cart sheds, and agricultural
buildings newly built. The buildings are placed in a pad-
dock, laid out in Park-like style ; two fine pieces of clear
running water; sundry enclosures of meadow, pasture, and
arable land, surrounded by fine thriving plantations and
wood land. The park and lands ornamented with fine
forest trees ; the whole about Two Hundred and Thirty-
five Acres, with a handsome entrance lodge and two cot-
tages, part bounded by the road from Croydon to Wickham
and Westerliam. The whole in most complete order.

May be viewed by applying to Mr. Burrel, on the Pre-
mises, by tickets only, and where particulars may be had ;
at the Greyhound, Croydon ; Old Ship, Brighton; White
Hart, Riegate and Godstone; of Messrs. Barrow, Vincent,
and Plumley, Solicitors, Basiughall-street ; at Garraway's;
and of Mr. Robins, No. 170, flegeut-street, where a Plan
of the Estate may be seen, and where tickets for viewing
may be had.

Wheat, Barley. Oats. Flour, per cwt.
per barrel per barrel per barrel I
20 stone. 16 stone. 14 stone. Ist. 2d.
s.d. a s.d. s.d. a s.d. s.d. a s.d. s. d. as. d. s. d. a s. d.
Cork y 0 0-28 0 11 0-13 4 9G_143150-176100-140
Limerick 22 6-23 4 10 2 0 0 S 9 0 0 15 0-16 0 0 0-1 t 6
Waterford 2 t 0-27 0 10 0-11 0 9 9-11 0 15 0-16 6 11 0— 0 0
Cloninel 25 0— 0 0 12 0— 0 0 10 0— 0 0 12 0-16 0 0 0— 0 0
Belfast 19 6-20 9 12 0-15 0 13 0— 0 0 20 6-21 0 0 o. 0 0
Derry 00-00128--00111129 0 0— 0 0 0 0— 0 0
Carlow 20 0-14 0 10 0-15 0 8 0— 9 0 15 0— 0 0 0 0— 0 0
Tralee— 0 0— 0 0 011— 0 0 0 0— 0 0 0 0— 0 0 0 0-_ 0(I
Beef, Mutton, Pork, Butter.
per lb. per lb. per cwt. Ist. 2d. 13d. 4th. sth.
d. a d. d. a d. s. d. a s. d. s. d. s. tl.ls. d. s, 41. s. d.
Cork 4 —5 6 29 0 —34 0176 0 74 0,66 0 59 0 52 0
Limerick— 3 —5 4 5 24. 0-40 078 0 71 0168 0 62 056 0
Waterford 4 —5 5 7 24 0 --10 0.78 0 :7 0 0 0
Cloninel 3 5 :1 —5 00— 0 0 76 0 75 0 tl7 0 60 0 50 0
Belfast t —5l 0 —0 0 0 0 81 0 SO 0 59 0 49 0
Derry .....6 —0 6 —0 00— 0 0 0 0
Carlow— 4 —5 5 6 23 0— 00M90800700600-0
Tra1ee—......,0 —0 —0 00— 0 0 is 0 72 0 61 0154 0 16 0

castle-upon-Tyne, North Shields, and Blythe, pray-
ing for the gradual Abolition of Slavery ; also a
petition from the owners and occupiers of land
in the northern parts of Northumberland, against
the Corn Bill, and praying their Lordships not to
allow the importation of foreign corn, unless it ob-
tained the price of 70s. per quarter, and then only
M certain quantities.
Lord FALMOUTH presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Penzance, and another from a
parish in Cornwall, against slavery.
The House went into a Committee upnn the
Scotch Ale-house Bill, and the report was -received.
Lord ELDON presented a petitic.r, Ewa the
Inhabitants of the City of London, Ptanters in the
West India Colonies, praying for compensation in
the event of their Lordships ab'siiishing Slavery.
The Earl of ELDON presented a petition from
merchants and traders, resident in the city of Lon-
don, connected with the West Indian Colonies,
Christopher, Dominica, &c.

Earl GROSVENOR had a petition to present
to their Lordships on the subject of the abolition of
Slavery in the West Indian Colonies, signed by a
great number of most respectable persons. In what
he should take the liberty of stating to their Lord-
ships, he did not mean in the smallest degree to re-
flect on any large body of persons connected with
the West Indian colonies, nor in the smallest degree
to impeach the conduct of those persons itl the
West Indies who had certainly rendered themselves
obnoxious to the law; because he considered that in
what he was going to state, if ho attacked any thing
he ought to attack the system alone, on which this
question had so long rested. It was to the vices or
that system that he was opposed. It was impos-
sible but that unlimited power in one man, and ab-
ject submission in another,—the authority uncoil-
troulled on one part, arid of slavery on the other,—
it was impossible but that out of such a sys-
tem there must arise great injustice. It was,
therefore, against the system that he protested, and
not against any individuals or body of individuals.
Their Lordships were perfectly aware, that since
1807, when the slave trade was put an end to, till
1823, little or nothing was done with a view to the
attainment of that important object,—little or no-
thing was done with a view to the amelioration of
the slave population, or of putting au end to slavery
itself. It therefore happened that in 1823 there was
almost an universal call upon Government to conic
forward and do something; and their Lordships well
knew that a most distinguished Minister did, much
to his honour, in his humble opinion, propose cer-
tain Resolutions, which were adopted by the other
House, and subsequently by their Lordships. Sub-
sequent to that pericd certainly more than before
was done, but so little, that he was sorry to state
how little was done, with a view to carry those
s Resolutions into effect. He would take the liberty
now of reading to their Lordships an extract frons
a petition which might be called the essence of al),
the petitions presented on this subject. The pesis.
don to which he had alluded had been ,presented Issv
persons who had formed themselves into a society,
for the laudable purpose of ameliorating the condition
of negro slavery. His Lordship then read an ex-,
tract from the petition, stating the nature of tho
measures passed by Parliament for the improve-
ment of the slave population, but complaining of
the remissness with which those measures had
been carried into execution, and of the opposition
shown on the part of the Colonial Assemblies to any
proposition for the amelioration of negro slavery.—
His Lordship then asked what had been done. ln
Trinidad, after a long period, a colonial assembly did
pass it law, such as it was; but when it came over
to this country for the approval of the King, his Mi-
nisters advised him to return the Bill as most inade-
quate for the purpose. He now came to another
colony, Demerara, which had no legislation of its
own. That colony was selected for the trial of the

measures of Government, and a petition was sent
over from that colony to this country against thage
measures. He must say that it certainly was wise
in those persons who were anxious to defeat tht-
object of Government, to put forward the colony of
Demerara, which was under the more immediate
controul of Government, to see whether that colony
could induce tho Government to pause in carrying
into effect the vital object manumission. If the co-
lony of Demerara, having no legislation, had sue:.
ceeded, the colonies having legislation could not tv.iv,
failed in effecting that purpose. If the slaver, were
not allowed to work out their salvation, ‘7,'teat could
happen in the end but misery and dv:,pair In this
state of things, what was the conduct of the West
India colonies ? They had arraigned in the severest
terms the conduct of the Government in recom-
mending manumission, and declared their determina-
tion to mar that object. It was said, indeed, by
their partisans, that if the slaves were manumitted,
no work would be done, and the estates would be,
permitted to remain uncultivated. He admitted
that there were instances in which this might
have been the case, but it was equally lar-
torious there were other instances in which
free labour had been beneficially conducted.—
As to the predictions of the colonists, he remem-
bered, before the abolition of the slave-trade, it had
been said, that if the motion were carried, a supply
of negroes would not be found to work the lands.
Mr. Pitt ably demonstrated the fallacy of such an
apprehension, and the result had proved the correct-
ness of his judgment. The questions which he
wished to ask were, first, what were the intentions
of Government respecting the manumission clause,
if the colonies continued to be refractory ? It had
been recommended in that case to withdraw from.
them the bounties and protecting duties. Some-
thing ought surely to be done to command their
compliance. Next, he wished to know what was
the state of the mixed commission for arbitration ;
how far it had been successful, and at what expense ?
Lie was of course very anxious to see the slave trade
put down under foreign flags, though he confessed he
could not hope for the completion of that advantage
until slavery was abolished in the British colonies.
There was one other point on which he wished infer-
mation,—namelv, what steps had been taken to im-
prove the condition of the people of colour in the
colonies ?
The Duke of 'WELLINGTON could assure the
Noble Earl, that his Majesty's servants who were in
office when these resolutions had been passed, the
Government which had succeeded them (of which
he was not himself a member), and the present Ad-
ministration, were each and all of them invariably
determined to give effect to the views of Parlia-
ment on this subject. They had felt it their duty
to proceed in the sense and the spirit of the votes
to which he alluded—namely, gradually, so as
to keep in view the tranquillity of their valu-
able possessions in the colonies, and the property
and prosperity of all closes of the inhabitants.
The Noble Earl had asked what they intended to

do respecting manumission. They ought to recol-
lect, that the Court of Policy of Demerara had peti-
tioned against that part of the Order in Council;
the Privy Council had not yet decided upon :that
petition, which of course still remained under the
consideration of his Majesty's Governmeutasltwas
no doubt intended to carry that principle into 'pxe-
cution : still, like every part of so complicated a
consideration, the mode of acting upon it must be
regulated by contingent circumstances. They Must
bear in mind, that within the last year there ;had
been no less than four gentlemen in the soffiee of
Secretary for the . Colonies, and really. it was' not
possible, without very deliberate consideration, to
come to a safe conclusion upon a pied of this kind;
for himself he could own, that up, to,tlais day the
Government had not made up their minds as:to the
mode of giving a practical applicatido to the prin-
ciple which, he again admitted, they were bound to
see executed. As to the general state of the slave
trade, notwithstanding the treaties for its liinitation
or suppression which Great Britain had already
made with every maritime state in the world, it was
melancholy to be obliged to admit that it was still
carried on to a great and lamentable extent.—
(Hear.)—He adverted to this fact, to show all the
difficulties which surrounded this subject. Eng-
land bad spared no pains nor expence to arrange
these treaties; yet he was afraid it would appear
that at this very moment more slaves were berme
away from Africa (not, howeVer, into British colo-
nies), than were exported from thence before the
abolition.
Earl GROSVENOR felt great satisfaction atithe
Noble Duke's explanation, that the principle of ;the
Orders in Council would be strictly enforced, and
the delay only attributable to the consideration of
the best mode of putting it properly in practice.
Lord CALTHORPE regretted that he could not
concur in this expression of satisfaction; for, instead
of beirq disposed to look with confidence towards
the Colonies for a. redress of wrongs, he saw
'lathing in their conduct which did not lead to an
opposite inference. The Noble Lord then referred
to the last Jamaica Bill, and denied that it bore elle--
character ascribed to it by the Noble Duke opposite.
He contended that the baneful effect of slavery was
in no case so remarkable as in these repeated asper-
sions of the deliberate decision of Parliament,
calmly and unanimously obtained. And who were
the parties who denounced the British Legislature
in its attempts really to save the Colonies themselves
from the blind fallacy of their own views? Why,
they were planters, who depended for subsistence
upon the admission of their sugars into the British
market, on terms which they would be unable to
obtain in any other part of the world-persons who
solely. depended for their safety in the presence of
the British troops. It was only necessary to with-
draw the latter, if they wished to have these pe4le
overrun by the immense native population that sur-
rounded them,
The Duke of WELLINGTON had not expressed
satisfaction so much at what had been practimlly
done, as at the principle being acted on which was
involved in their interference, as well by the char-
tered colonies as by those under the direction of the
Government at home, Indeed, he drew grounds of
support out of the opposition which some of
,the
colonies had given in point of fact; for when he caw
the principle admitted, in spite of this violence, ar.d
when he knew it would he found practically advan-
tageous, he had the stronger hope of its eventual
adoption, when it was found to work without the
apprehended mischief. It was the duty of the Go-
vernment to carry the measure peaceably, and with-
out resorting to any of these harsh and uncalled for
measures to which allusion had been made.
Lord CALTHORPE said, that there was a dif-
ference between applying the force they could wield
on such an occasion, and entirely abstaining from
active measures against those who had meditated
such a spirit of resistance.
The Duke of WELLINGTON was in the recol-
lection of the House, whether the Noble Lord' did
not sitvgest the withdrawal of the troops, and awn-
dolling: the unfortunate inhabitants to the violence of
the slave population,
Lord CALTHORPE begged to say, that lie did
nut xecommend any such measure.
Lord SEAFORD professed himself favourable,
and strongly favourable, to the final aliclition of sla-
very. The soundest doctrine, as it appeared to
him, upon which the extinction of slavery could be
conducted was that laid down in the report of the
African Institution in 1815. It was stated in that
report that emancipation should be effected, not pre-
cipitately, by the operation of positive law, but by
the same gradual meanie which had formerly put an
end to slavery in this and the other cottntries of
Europe—by the growth of opiiiion, by the encou-
ragement of voluntary manumission,--in short, by
the influence of measures which would make not the
slaves but the masters the instruments of emaneipa-
tion. Ile concurred in this view of the African Sur
ciety, and looked forward to the change which
they were all desirous of promotingaeetrathe improve-
ment in morals and manners of the whole population,
and especially in the condition of the
The sentiments expressed of the African Institutioo
I,y Mr. Canning, Mr. Brougham, Mr. Fox, and
Mr. Wilberforce, were those which constituted his
views with respect to the emancipation of the slaves
in the West Indies]. TO any measures in ronfor-
linty with those principles he would give his eoeci;,e..!
and zealous support : but he couicl not concur in the
principle of compulsory manumission, nor could lie
help regretting that Government had dopp.rted in
this respect from the sound principles and doctrinea
laid down by the African Institution. To depart
from voluntary manumission was to abandon the only
system which history had proved to be practicable.
With respect to all the other measures they hail his
concurrence, though he regretted that they had riot
met with a more fraourable reception from the colt).-
;nes themselves. But lie believed that the indispo-
sition en the part of the colonies seas treated with
too much contempt. After all, much bad bean prac-
tically done, in proof of which he might instance the
consolidated act passed by the assembly of Jamaica;
and there certainly was no cause to be dissatisfied.
With the conduct adopted either by the colonial legis-
latures, or by the masters of slaves, towards the
church establishment in the colonies. On the con,
trarv, they had concurred warmly in its adoption
and-support, and he would appeal to the Noble Earl
(Bathurst), who had best reason to know whether
there was airy cause to be dissatiofied with the con-
duct upen that point, which was in hie estimation
the most important of all.
Earl BATHURST . bore testimony to the far
veurable disposition manifested by the colonial legis-
latures and the masters of slaves towards the Church
Establishment, and referred to the report of the
Bishop of Barbadoes, who, after his progress throuf,sh
the different islands, had mentioned it as the uni-
form desire of each to assist in the furtherance of
such an object. • He could not avoid alluding to
what had fallen from his Noble Friend against the
measure of manumission, Parliament was pledged
to put an end to slavery. It was also bound to re-
gard the property of slave owners, and every one
must see that there was great practice' difficulty in
the attempt to reconcile these two objects.
The petition was then ordered to lie on the table,
Lord CALTFIORPE. presented petitions from
Birmingham, Wednesbury,and Stourbridge, in favour
of the gradual abolition of Slavery :in the West
Indies.
The Bills before the house were then forwarded
in their respective stages, and the House adjourned
tit a Quarter before Eight.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 23.
The SPEAKER took the Chair this' day at five
minutes after four o'clock.
Mr. JOHNiON brought up certain papers from the
office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland.
Mr. WARD presented a petition from the Lord
Mayor, Corporation, and other citizens of London,
complaining of the abuses in the Secondari.?s' dice.
After a few words from Mr. Alderman WOOD

and Alderman WAITHMAN, the petition was
ordered to be printed.
Colonel DAVIES presented a petition from the
glove manufacturers of Worcester, complaining of the
dcpressed state of the glove trade.
Mr. ROBINSON ga*e Notice that it was his in-
tention to call klre*ienplon of the Muse to the ,
de-
pressed state-of the &re-trade on "Thursday next.
Sir J. BRYDGES presented a petition from Sir
Harcourt Lees,-of Dublin, against any further con-
cessions to the ROManCutholics. The petition was
read at full length, and after a few words from Mr.
Larikb was ordered to be printed.
Colonel TALBOT presented a petition from the
Royal Irish' Mining Company, against the importa-
tion of Foreign Lead.
