IMP
ORTANT MEETING. IN WEST SOMERSET.

abandon his principles now ?-e-( Cheers.) No great progress
has yet beets thede In the eatqe of Reform. We want to
be secured against the possibility of iosiiig that which we
have gained. We mu t wliait tee liked; tend then
look for mtre.--(tiolitl cheers.) All will now feel that
pit; Ot the people cannot be tampered with—(Hear,
hear)—that man, so great with his sword, will cot con-
quer the people of England—( Immense cheering)—
though he has done much on the battle-field, he will be
worsted in this.—( Yea, yes.) The military dictator will not,
shall hot subdue the Ilbeielee of Britaiti.34 Enthusiastic
cheering whith continued for a long time.) But we must be
united—We shall then be invincible. The Learned Doctor
sat down amidst general applause.
ANDREW CROSSE, Esq. I had the pleasure of recommend-
ing Mr. Tynte. I have watched his doings in Parliament,
and there is not one of his votes from which I differ.—(Loud
cheers.) He has advocated the rights of the people in a firm,
manly, and constitutional manner.—( Cheers.) He has shown
himself free from insolence on the one hand, and above influ-
ence on the other. I must pay the same deserved compliment
to Mr. Sanford—(Cheers)—though there are shades of diffe-
rence between them, they are but shades ; and it becomes our
duty to unite against the great military dictator--( Cheers )
who has been induced by a few aristocratic families to set him-
self against the people of England.—( Immense applause.)
If you were barbarians the sword would indeed be necessary
to rule you ; but you are civilized and intelligent men ; you
must be governed by reason and argument ; and if this mili-
tary dictator shall attempt to command us with his bayonets,
we shall meet him face to face. Better he had died on the
battle field, than accept office under circumstances so de-
grading,—( Loud and continued cheering.) A gentleman
of great ability I admit has come forward to oppose our pre-
sent Members. He has eloquence, but we want more than
that—we want liberal political principles.—( Loud cheers.)
All that reformers require is the restoration of their just rights,
and I trust that by you; votes you will restore these gentlemen
to the place where they can most effectually assist you in sup-
porting them.—( Cheers. )
Mr. BALL being loudly called for, rose. lam glad of an
opportunity thus early to express my sentiments on the late
alarming changes. I say alarming, for all who love their
country must be alarmed at the appointment of a Ministry
hostile, whatever their pretences, to the progress of civil and
religious liberty.—( Cheers.) We are on the eve of a mo-
mentous crisis ; but I do not fear it, for the people of this
country arc true to their principles and to themselves.—
( Cheers.) Gentlemen, the Reformers are stigmatized as
Destructives ; they are not so ; the true Destructives are the
Tories. We should have had destruction enough ere this but
for the Reform Bill. Shall we go on with the work of Re-
form, or must we now stop? Where is there re-action? Not
here. What is it ? I fancy that it is of another sort ; it is
in favour of further Reform.—( Cheers.) Are we not now
in a state of intense political excitement? Why not at high
pressure point ? Because we are confident of our strength—
because the Reform Bill has given us the means of using that
strength—aye, and k e will use it —( Cheers.) I defy the
Duke of Wellington and all his bayonets.--( Immense cheer-
ing.) What is a military dictator to do against the hearts and
bodies of Englishmen ?—( Loud cheers.) He cannot beat us
now—he shall not subdue the " foolish gentlemen," as we have
been called by Mr. Escott, of Somerset.—( Cheers. ) We owe all
the abuses of which we complain to the misgovernment of the
Tory faction. Why, if these men come again into power,
may we not have the same abuses, the same wrongs, the same
oppressions, the same massacres ?—( Cheers.) We are told
that Sir Robert Peel is come.—( Laughter.) No doubt he is
a man of principle, but it is Tory principle.--( Cheers.) So
the Duke is an honourable man, therefore I do not believe that
he will turn Reformer for the sake of place, and abandon the
principles of a long life, to be condemned to everlasting in-
famy.--( Great cheering.) Gentlemen, the Tory party has
no conception but of a Government by brute force ; their ar

ursuant to notiee, a Public Meeting of the Electors of the
CoeseetetyniteDj.‘:7,ion of the County of Somerset was held at the
-.all, in Taunton, on Monday last.
Op
• tiii ed to meth motion .
Hof Sir T. LETBRIDGE, Dr. Blake wait
The CHAIRMAN stated the °Wet of the meeting. It
ti,ss) to declare their unalterable attachment to the great prin-
eel'," of Reform, to express their opinions on the recent
reges of Ministry, and to appoint a Committee to secure the
tlaeleetion of their present liberal Members, H. A. Sanford,
e,rC• J. R. Tynte, Esqs —(Cheers )
jV T• B. LETHBRIDGE- -rose to move' a series of reselutiOn.s.
e, regret that, owing to some delay and the pressure of the
erq, we are unable to report his admirable speech at length.
The following was its substance. He had not expected to
toldetb3,° large an assembly that before him it, however,
tishn'ern that their zeal in the" cause of Reform had not dimi-
t: "n• He appeared before them anxiously hoping that by
irier„.l. unanimity on that day they would tell the electors who
men
present, and the whole people of England, that the
Pond °t- Somerset were awake, that they were alive to the im-
uTanee of the present crisis, and were resolved to do their
to Yc The resolutions he should have the honour to submit
b,:gent would commence by thanking his Majesty, who had
thell the nursing parent of Reform, for that charter of their
Preertiesetbe Reform Bill ; and admitting fully his Majesty's
Vngative to select his own counsellors, it would declare also
or tight and duty of the people to express their opinions
or that choice, and approve or disapprove the measures
of that
King's advisers. It would declare the satisfaction
thei'"e meeting at the past Parliamentary conduct of
toil' present Members--its resolution to return them again,
tq,lithe necessity of appointing committees to ensure their re-
el, --(Cheers.) It required no common energy to carry on
kd work of Reform—it had been begun—but to have it begun
'Snotno completed, would be to stultify all those who have cou-
llimslY supported Hear, hear.) You (said the Hon.
eok-tiet) have chosen to return two gentlemen in every way
Vetent to represent you ; it is a gratification to me to re-
tie-;" that I had proposed one of those gentlemen to your no-
to ----(Cheers)—and he is now present among you, prepared
eilarenver any questions which may be put to him respecting
butPnst conduct.—(Loud cheers.) Mr. Sanford is absent,
tp
de unavoidably so, and the cause of that absence we must all
ore.—( Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I will not say that I
pppol'avit of all Afr. Trnte's votes ; but I am pleased with him
e...epriett whole ; P2together he has done all—more than I had
1ee„,71. Be has proved himself your truly independent ro-
inate--"`*—( Immense applause)—he has voted with Mi-
t ta, When he thought them right, and against them when
uei iieved them wrong.—( Cheers.) When I look around
10e,4010 not doubt but that the re-action which we have heard
doCe‘.teli of will be found to have vanished into thin air. I cannot
Stn.:4 it when I look at this meeting. There is a gentleman,
letallid of mine, of some small property, influence, and re-
tie mean Mr. Portman—(Loud applause)—in whose
L):d there has been no re-action, and who will again propose
'. Sanford to your notice as a tried Reformer; nor has there
tie a re-action in the mind of the humble individual who
soggses you, for he hopes again to propose to you Mr.
y Tynte.—(lmmense cheering.) As far as we are
red, then, there has been no re-action ; and I'll tell
°re "Ye--Reform has but just begun—the principles
tot nrliamentary reform if good for any thing, are goo
IteLptllis--that abuses of Church and State must be
'ecl• I say Church and State, because lam not for
tO L-ng them. I believe their proper union to be beneficial
%ee"e Country ; and it is because I would not have them
tipo'h,d that I would have the Church reformed. Those blots
tip„'Lt which time and corruption have made I wish to see
Wriged, and I am sure that she will never stand so firm as
eeacestbe pruning knife bath taken away her faulty excres-
St eta. As for the State, those reforms must follow ; and let
knot forget how much we owe to our King for what be has,
Pet01:1"-ea King in whose mind, I believe, the interest ef his
sttCehis ever uppermost. I look upon it as e great benefit
Lk tee Reform Act that public opinion he
henceforth govern
4 iililtry.—( Hear, hear.) In vele. now for men, let them
N-ery so signally great itt tiller things, to say to reform,
the re-flair—it cannot tie—(loud cheers)—because, as yet
keile,nialmencement of reform only bath taken place. Re-
te, stow as -warmly desired as ever—(hear, bear)—and I
ti)), ,3°4 this lit of consolation—you are sure to have it under
gill eetnnstances—( Cries of "We will.") I
If know you
"e,t abuse it—you will not destroy, but repair. any
tieetta The to join in destroying any of our valuable msti-
V, I would say to him, " Never ; my dead body you may
\tedolr, but while I live I will stand up for them"—(cheers)
teitiner-„e; say so because I think them in principle niost
rotb,,l7Y fitted for producing social happiness and national
74, es,,t'tY. I have said perhaps too much.—(No, no.) lam
f`gef -'4l Than. I own that I look more to the measures
gel 'e `l3 the men from whom they come, and measures
title on independence will ever have my support.
t 81411
nien, I trust that to insure the progress of real Reform,
.Agiathis day tell our brother electors, and the people of
tucl, that we Reformers still resolved to procure or
.4°,4t1)---( Immense cheering.) I would recommend no coa
heitWeen the Members—the electors should vote for whom
tie rease--if for both so much the better—but Ido not think
at:tion fair. I have just seen. an address from another can-
-11;11'. That gentleman is a private friend. lam connected
roe inn also in another way ; but though he is such I differ
iil, iiiprinciple, and though I have not always received.
,`°l,4l,ie `,lee it, I have ever sacrificed private interest and feeling
4^ `•11e duty.__( Loud cheers, which lasted for a long time.)
re,'„u sure that the electors of Somerset, being Reformers, still
ee got, and will not, give their support to that gentleman
0f tYli go forward until they have obtained the full benefits
IVtioe Reform Bill. The Hon. Baronet then moved the reso-
e..s, ayTl,„resumed his seat amidst loud applause.
Site THOMAS rose to second them.. I come-forward.
o u unusual
i~ly to Westanxrniety at such amoment as this, so important not
Sn-ers.et, but to the empire at large ; and I he-
fr°lll anY doubt of my principles, but from the
t"iirfienedult;tof advocating them properly at this time. As the
4will of
•Mr* Sanford, his neighbour and representative here,
not be necessary for me to apologise for his absence, for
Nreause of it sufficiently appeals to the heart of every husband,
thY. parent, every man in this meeting. One great object
ofth is Meeting I conceive to be the carrying on the principles
it h_c Reform Bill. I have been asked " What has it done? for
0,4 done nothing yet—what can we expect of it hereafter ?"
k'4eettilen) it has done much, and it must do more. It has
I°lt a great proportion of the people of this kingdom the
e,°l electin their own Representatives.—(Cheers.) It
`se °'ven liberty to 800,000 of our fellow beings—relieved
tls ffr°4l personal as wel as mental slavery. It has relieved
thiez °Ur or five millions of taxation. It has done many other
4411. and man more it would do. It will take away the
tho
tieor_betwee.n me and my flock. Gentlemen, it will effect
"IllaatlOn of tithes.--( Loud and continued cheering.)
"ea asingular announcement in a Western paper, that the
~lit4tltnd Chapter of Exeter had met to petition for a corn-
,' te 4nl oftithes. To what do we owe that but the agitation
14i, 4 subject consequent upon the Reform Bill. I differ from
,41, „en. Baronet to the support that we ought to give to
abe lies•—(Chaseers.) The best way of judging what men
ei t.iLte. by seeing what they have been.—(
.Immense. chee.rsa.)
"lig of men in their public, not in their private, cap -
;Lie' IV I ask whether the men his Majesty has chosen to
1,40,..11114-en,.nisters, have not. been strenuously opposed to the
eller Yes.) Did not one of them, the Military_
: enter his solemn protest against the Reform Bill
e, the
The n, entertain any hope. that such
.men will be sui-
tey °II/terse...4 Immense cheering, and cries of
their. N.o, n.
tit InaY be traitors to themselves, and to principle..
)
Itt/i4elede not think so.—( Cheers.) I. would not think so..
men,' of them --(Cheers.) My opposition to them, as pub. • •
1,.1404is grounded upon their past conduct, and therefore
necessary for us to return men who, ifthey take a
:the t
'1,41 course will give them uncompromising oppositioni
ttitileet tt.'"e Words'of my friend, Sir Thomas Lethbridge.
th,°'! coalition. lam riot opposed to either Member ;
roostbestTtrest way will be to go straight forwhard, e.ach doing
he can for himself, and I doubt not t. at, in the end,
h of the voters will come to the same point, and support
eu;
%Int L'lrxertee rose. A more critical period than the pre-
Inte'entit occurred in the history of this countr We are
'1714' or whether Englishmen are to e$
their liber-
egn lei° he enslaved by an oligarchic faction.—(Leoud cheers. )
tOtiveelleell'ies declared in the resolution have for their object
ett,, e the rights and liberties of the people. The change
tie eeeitm,ttaken place in the Government was most alarming.
bthead calculate our hopes of the future by our experience
ht4rerudst- For the last fifty years the party now in power
abefd2he country—what had been the result ? That power
t Pte Jz,been directed against the rights and welfare of the
,Lhat party had made the people labour, and robbed
lee Ute eteee fruits of their labour. They have saddled us with
I'll te-e"--they have refused to us education—but we should
demand our own rights.—( Cheers.) They have suf-
lii,g4teh4llds, villainous abuses, to visit every department of
'M 4° and State • and are these the principles to be recog-
ehel°---t
ed bv obe placed in power ? Are we to be again go-
yrie • the same rapacious, tyrannical faction ?—( Immense
1, totearol cries •f " No, no, we wont.") Now is our
to°•etti eke a stand. An Administration had been formed
titioNa, Zilcictent upon redressing grievances and effecting re-
Peetit to they were dismissed—dismissed when they were
e tee gratify the expectations and just demands of the
(year.) If the Reform Bill had been worked as
leothatl'ii"be should have now the most gratifying prospects ot.
-te
tp„ Peet% erty and happiness—but a cloud has come over our
14essiott and suddenly we are to be thrown back into our old
44 I (to and slavery.—( Loud cheers.) .Do not mistake
111, 44 o._ "t believe that the Tory Government will openly,
I;,t they"er., 'Depose all Reform. No. They willgive a little,
tlee t 0 babe withhold a great deal.—( Cheers.) They will
Itle;Pe,( I,' us into quiet, that they may enchain us when we
Ii ch ) How can we believe that the men.
04) 4v, _ eers.
1,,a. ever taught that' an arbitrary Government alone
whey tain social order, can ever rule us as freemen—that
itveleree' n"e looked on the people as tigers to be subdued
trities---( Loud cheers)--who have held that the few had all
tl,. syeharld the many all wickedness—( Immense cheers)-
4 e Inca will seek the good of that reviled many, rather
%1 is advantage of that flattered few ?—( Loud cheers.)
eltl'ortkeur situation at present, and such it must be, until the
4q( boerlt iS in the hands of men who think that liberty is
re YOlt ", but a right.—( Continued cheers.) Shall we, I
So ,?leeeeeneclore a Government whose past acts prove. that they
o to our best rights and liberties ?—( Cries of
the
liel'e,rree lt has been said that any persons might carry on
good Pie's re,n, because it is the King's Government, and not the
ti:nvernment. Absurd 1 Kings are appointed for the
"tleiaq ef tee Pe°le.—(Loud cheers.) The King is the guar.-
sit ours e iiherties of the people, aed if they be attacked his
let tete tunst answer for it, We admit his right to appoint
ttlrle?ull'-ellors but if he did well in calling Reformers to
'is three or four years ago, who has advised him to

gument is to call out the yeomanry.—(lmmense cheering,
which continued for some minutes.) Such has been their
conduct before, such it will ever be. I have heard one of the
yeomanry of this county say, that he would not hold his com-
mission under a Tory Government.—( Immense cheering.) I
hope you will do your duty, by returning the present Mem-
bers.--(" We will.") If• the candidates do not coalesce, the
Reformers must. We must unite, to prevent the triumph of
Tory principles. Do you think that the proceedings of this
meeting will gratify the Duke of Wellington, that he will be
well pleased to hear that the electors of West Somerset have
thus publicly declared their hatred of his principles, if he acts
up to them—their detestation of the man, if he abandons
them ?—( Loud cheers.) As for Mr. Tynte, his actions speak
for him, and his votes must have gained for him the approba-
tion of the electors of West Somerset. After a few other
observations, explanatory of some personal remarks, Mr. Ball
sat down amidst loud cheers.

Sir T. LETHBRIDGE rose to reply. He was happy that his
resolutions had been so well received, but a few expressions
had fallen from the speakers of which he did not approve.
We must stand well with ourselves, with the country, and with
the people of England, who will know what we arc doing to-
day. Harsh things had been said, and received with general
applause, of men not present, and whom his Majesty had
thought fit to make his advisers. Now, Ido not mean to say
that they will be what we require ; on the contrary, I do not
think they can be real Reformers—(Loud cheers)—and all
must feel that they have incurred a very serious responsibility;
but I cannot believe thet the King would take to his counsels
any men not prepared to carry Reform—aye, a great Reform.
If they can conscientiously so vote, I would take those Re-
forms at their hands.—( Cries of " No, no.") It is the King's
right to choose his counsellors, the people's to denounce them.
—( Cheers.) I do not know what they will do. I doubt
whether they know themselves—( Laughter)—but we should
try them. Ido not believe they will satisfy us.—(Cheers.)
J. SNOWDEN, Esq. rose. I confess that I shall go from
this meeting with much less anxiety than I came hither, now
that I find that there is no re-action in the minds of Mr. Port-
man and Sir T. Lethbridge.—( Cheers.) Still Ido not en-
tertain the sanguine hopes of some of the speakers who have
preceded me. I think that this is a great and awful crisis of
our liberties.---( Cheers.) The question now to be decided is,
whether' you will have a mild species of military despo-
tism, or a liberal Administration, acting upon your own
principles and consulting your good.—(Loud cheers.) I
cannot but express my admiration of the conduct of Sir
T. Lethbridge, in thus standing by the cause of liber-
ty.—( Cheers.) I have grown grey in the service of Reform,
and, even when opposed to the Hon. Baronet, I always gave
him credit for honesty of purpose.—(Cheers.) But, gentle-
men, I must publicly differ from him, when he calls upon us to
give our support to the present Administration.

Sir T. EETIIBRIDGE-LNO, no,

J. SNOWDEN, Esq.---I beg pardon, Iso understood him. If
they were untried men, I would say try them ; but I object to
them because they have been tried, and have been found want-
ing.--( Loud and continued cheers.) If we review their con-
duct during past years, up to the very day of their taking
office, is there a single measure of Reform which they have
not opposed--a single popular Bill, which they have not endea-
voured to overthrow ?—( Cheers.) Having watched them nar-
rowly during the past sessions, I ask why they have become
thus suddenly converted? Gentlemen, it is that they may be
placed in a situation where they may mutilate the Reform
Bill. Call them Reformers ! Why, gentlemen, almost in the
last iay of the session, did they riot throw out the Irish Tithe
Bill ? (Loud cheers.) Can we put faith in such men ?
(" No, no 1") Sir Robert Peel is only the puppet of the Duke
of Wellington.—( Cheers.) That is another of their tricks,
gentlemen. They say, tco, " I'm not a Tory, I'm a Conser-
servative !" They want to hide from us the odiousness of
Tory principles, under a new name.--( Great cheering.) But
we are all Conservatives—the tine Reformer is the true
Conservative. If they be honest men, how can they carry
on the Government ? When they come to measures in their
Cabinet, they will find the Reform Bill in their way.—
( Loud cheers.) But, gentlemen, they will do all they can to
deceive you ; they will promise much, and do little, but they
aim at more ; they would destroy the Reform Act. How ? Not
certainly by restoring Old Sarum, but more easily by raising
the franchise to 2.0/., and then half the boroughs in the king-
dom will be close.--( Cheers.) Good-bye then to the liberties
of England. Gentlemen, I must tell my brother Reformers•
candidly, that they have injured themselves; some of them
were too hasty; they discouraged their friends, and encouraged
their enemies. I hope that this will be a lesson to them not
to leave those who are their real and tried friends, because
they cannot do all they desire. But has Reform done no-
thing ? Let us see. Abroad, it has rescued the liberties and
preserved the peace of Europe.--( Cheers.) At home, it has
destroyed the East India monopoly, reformed the Irish church
and the poor laws, improved our legal institutions, and reduced
the public burdens four millions a year. Is this nothing ?
( Loud cheering.) It has abolished slavery in our colonies,
and advanced the cause of liberty in our own land.—( Loud
cheers.) Therefore, I say, the Reformers acted most unwisely
when they goaded the willing horse, end were discontented
that more was not done than it was possible to do against such
an opposition as that which we now find was ranged against
all Reform.—( Hear.) But still, if the people of England be
united, the cause is safe ; but remember, that if your adversa-
ries, by appealing to the passions of the ignorant, and by
alarming the timid—by promises and threats and influence,
should succeed in obtaining a Parliament, our liberties are
lost. Let us be as one man—let us drop all minor differ-
ences.—( Cheers for a long time.) An eminent man hps said,
"If you would go far, go not too fast." By attempting to
move too fast, you awaken false fears, and array against those
who would otherwise be your friends.--( Cheers.) Let the
electors of Somerset be an example to the rest of our empire,
that they are still devoted to the liberties of their count 'y—_
that they know their rights, and knowing dare maintain
them. The learned Gentleman sat down amidst enthusiastic
cheering.

Sir T. LETHBRIDGE explained. He quite agreed with the
learned gentleman who had just sat down, and he must have
been greatly mistaken if he was understood to call upon that
meeting to trust the present Ministry. He thought that they
could not be trusted. It was quite fair to judge what they
would do from what they had done. He only protested against
condemning them, when they were not present to defend them-
selves. It was because he thought they could not be trusted
that he called upon the people to return real and proved
Reformers to the House of Commons—( Cheers. )
Captain BUNTER being loudly called for, said, I had in-
tended to make a few observations on the speech of Sir T.
Lethbridge, but they are rendered unnecessary by the expla-
nation of the Honourable Baronet. We have heard a good
deal lately of measures not men—as usually—as lately em-
ployed, I may say in the words of a great man now no more,
" that expression is the language made by knaves, and uttered
by fools."—( Immense cheers.) I ask you, if in the common
affairs of life you wanted to employ a servant, would you em-
ploy one who had deceive,d and robbed you before ?—( Loud
cheers.) If you had a disease, would you prefer a Surgeon
who had studied medicine, er a quack who told you that
you had no disease at all, and that medicine was a

THE SUN, LONDON, W.EDNIBDAV, DECEYIB_ER 17, 1834

humbug ?—(Lgud cheers.) The men who would now
rule us stand in this situation—either they have no principle
at all, or they are going to turn traitor to their principles, and
act the dishonew able part of doing that which they have in-
cessantly denotinea-za( Cheers,) Were they in earnest when
they opposed Reform, or are they Ili earnest when they pro-
mise it now. Are we to believe the Duke in oppoSititm or the
Duke in office ? Can such men be trusted ?—( No, no, and
cheers.) Would it not be an eternal disgrace to our country,
if such a spectacle of moral degradation should be exhibited in
our Government ?-.--( Immense cheers.) If they are Tories,
the people Will oppose them—if they come under false colours,
and profess Reform for the flake of place, the high heart of
the people of Britain will spurn such dishonour.—(Loud
cheers.) Our duty is plain. We must return tried Reformers
---(" We will")—we must be up and doing—it must not even
be supposed that there is a re-action. It will be fOr you to de-
cide whether you will be slaves or freemen—and you cannot
better shew your opinion than by re-electing your present
liberal members.—( Loud cheers.) Will you have a Govern-
ment for the good of the few, or one that seeks the welfare of
the many ?—( Cheers.) I say to Mr. Tynte—Go back to
Parliament—tell the Ministry that you represent the feelings
of the men of Somerset—that it is their firm resolve that no
Minister shall rule them on Tory principles, and that they will
not permit the moral dignity and reputation of England to be
sullied by enduring political profligacy and dishonour in the
highest officers of the state.—( Loud cheers.) Let the House
of Commons make such a declaration, and then let these men,
if they dare, turn apostates from their former principles for the
sake of place.—( Cheers.) Lord Wellington left office be-
cause he could not stand against the public call for Reform—.
he was true t o his principles then, will he be false to them
now ? For his own glory, I hope he will not.—(Loud cheers.)
Who would not prefer a Ministry that will advance with the
public voice, than one that will give as little as possible, and
then only when they are forced to it ?—( Cheers.) Why have
we had a change of men, if there was not to be a change
of measures ?—( Cheers.) Lord Melbourne was not disliked,
personally—no—but he was dismissed just when he was pre-
paring measures that would have satisfied the whole of the
people—just when they were going to do all that was expected
of them. They have fallen on the people's cause, and if they
do not bestir themselves their liberties and the liberties of their
country are lost perhaps for ever—( Loud cheers. )
The resolutions were then put by the Chairman and carried
unanimously, amidst loud and continued cheering.
C. J. K. TYNTE, Esq., M. P., rose, and for some time
was hailed with repeated cheers.—Mr Chairman, Fellow-
countrymen, and Constituents—When last I met you in this
Hall it was on the day upon which I was declared your Re-
presentative in Parliament, and I then thought that I never
could experience a prouder moment than when tendering to you
my thanks for the triumph which had been achieved through
our generous exertions ; animated as I then was with yid
holiest ambition of serving you in Parliament, anticipating the
labours of the coming Session, I then considered it impossible
again to feel a more proud and happy moment ; but, Gentle-
men, the feelings which now possess me are still more gratify-
ing—still mere proud—for if I then felt an earnest hope, as I
did a zealous determination faithfully to discharge my duty to
my Constituents, I also felt the difficulty of satisfying all as to
my conduct, and some anxiety as to the future. Now, Gen-
tlemen, after two Sessions of Parliament have passed over, I
stand before you overcome with gratitude for the cheering and
unanimous manner in which you testify your approbation of my
past conduct—(loud cheers )—and your recognition of my zeal
in the advocacy of your rights in the House of Commons.—

(Loud cheering.) Gentlemen, from the first moment I ad-
dressed you as a Candidate, I distinctly told you that I came
forward on the broad principle of thorough independence—
(cheers)—that my party was my country--(hear, hear)—and
that I would pursue the direct path of my duty to the best ofmy
ability, without diverging to the right or to the left...--( Cheers. )
Gentlemen, have I not trod that path ?—( Cheers.) It is
true that I generally supported the measures of Lord Grey's
Administration, and when I name Lord Grey, it is with the
respect and veneration, and gratitude that every Reformer
must feel to that great Statesman, to whom we owe the Re-
form Bill.—( Cheers.) But painful as it was to me to oppose
on some few occasions the measures of Lord Grey's Admi-
nistration—painful as it was to do so, when a sense of " stern
duty" told me that I must oppose them, I thought alone of
my Constituents and my country, and voted as my conscience
whispered me was right.—( Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, there
were some faults in Lord Grey's Administration—the greatest
fault was from an attempt, an amiable attempt, perhaps, it may
be called, to conciliate an implacable enemy—(hear, hear)—
an attempt that has proved vain, and ever must prove vain.
But I feel assured, that it was from the fear of a collision be-

twcen the two Houses of Parliament that Lord Grey made the
attempt, and though that collision has been hitherto averted,
yet the attempt at conciliation has only tended to give confi-
dence to the anti-Reforming party.—( Hear, hear.) But,
gentlemen, the horizon brightened, there was an infusion of
more liberal spirits into the, Cabinet. My Right Hon.
Friends, Sir J. Hobhouse, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Ellice, and
others, became Members of the Administration--( Cheers)—
and that excellent and able Nobleman, Lord Melbourne, was
called by his Sovereign to guide the vessel of the State, confi-
dence was placed in him, those who knew him knew him to be
a cautious but resolute and uncompromising Reformer—
( Cheers.) A steady and certain removal of abuses was anti-
cipated, when it pleased our Gracious King to dismiss Lord
Melbourne from his Councils, and call upon those who had
ever been the avowed opponents of Reform. It was the
undoubted right of the King to exert his Prerogative, but it is
the undoubted right and the duty of the people of England to
give their opinions upon the conduct of the Ministers that
•

Piave been placed at the head of public affairs, and the people
of England will not shrink from the exercise of that right and
duty.—(Loud cheering.) Gentlemen, you must now speak
out.—( Cheers.) I would say with the Poet—
" Curse on the coward and perfidious tongue,
That dares not e'en to kings avow the truth."
I have heard there is a re-action A laugh)—that the
people sleep ! if so, it is the sleep of the giant who will awake
refreshed !—( Hear, hear.) lam attached to the Constitution,
I would lay down my life to defend the Constitution in its
purity—( Cheers)—King, Lords, and Commons. And though
the people have now a power given them by the Reform Bill,
which they can exercise and will now assert, yet they will stand
by the Constitution. Some gentlemen have spoken of " mea-
sures not men ;" give us proper men I say, and they will give
us proper measures—( Hear.) What said the great Canning,
" Away with the cant of measures not men, do you suppose it
is the harness and not the horses that draw the chariot along."
—( Cheers.) No gentlemen ! be assured that the men who
have recently been called to power, who have opposed Reform
for so many years, who opposed the Reform Bill itself, who
have opposed all other reforms, be assured that they are not

re men who will work out the benefits that you expect from

that tree which planted by Earl Grey, would have borne full
and fair fruits under the culture of a Melbourne.—( Cheers.)
cannot describe the present crisis so well as by quoting a sen-
tence f:-om a speech lately delivered by a . Noble Friend of
mine ( Lord Durham) when alluding to the late change from
a Liberal to a Tory Government. "If the battle is to be
fought, a., it necessarily now must be, let it at any rate, b 3
what is called a fair stand up fight.—( Cheers.) Let us have a
clear stage and no favour.--( Cheers.) Let us see who are
to be the victors. If indeed the people arc become anti-Re_

formers, the sooner the fact is knovVn the better.—( Hear)
Who are !hose about to fill the places of the late Ministers ?
Who are they ! but those very Tories, who have voted, strangled
and intrigued against every measure of Reform that has
been proposed up to the present moment."—(Cheers.) Those
are the persons who are now called to administer the affairs
of this empire, and it remains to be proved by your declaration
at meetings of this description, and by the result of the next
dissolution of Parliament, whether this party possess your con-
fidence. Gentlemen—l will detain you no longer; lam
gratified beyond expression at the energy which you display,
and by your kindness towards mc.—( Hear, hear.) It shows
me that there is no re-action—( Cheers) in Somersetshire.—
( Hear.) I stand forward for your suffrages, independently
and urcoalcsa.d, bit I Inould ill discharge my duty lo my friend
and colleague did not I lament with you the cause of his ab-
sence ; and assure you that I have ever found him forward
in your cause, and attached to your interests.—( Hear, hear.)
Again let me congratulate you on the unanimity of this im-
portant meeting, on the main question of Reform.—There
may have been some little difference of opinion, but like man
and wife, little differences may harmlessly occur—( Cheers and
laughter)—but let akind person interfere, and woe to that un-
happy wight.—(Cheers and laughter.) Gentlemen—l am
again a candidate; I throw myself upon the kindness of those
tried friends who have heretofore so nobly supported me—l
have done my duty, I will affirm honestly, by you, and as long
as I have the honour of a seat in the Senate as your Repre-
sentative, so long will I honestly and fearlessly continue to
discharge that duty.—( The Hon. Member sat down amidst
loud and long cheering.)
Three times three cheers were then given for each of the
Members, and three cheers for the Chairman, when the meet-
ing separated. _ _

It was one of the largest we ever saw in this town ; at least
3,000 persons were present. The greatest enthusiasm pre-
vailed, and it was impossible not to notice the evident detes-
tation of the Tories and the Tory Ministry.

Symptoms of the returning season of Christmas and

its festivities arc approaching, for rustics now begin to stand
at the street corners with boughs of holly and laurel. The
cheesemonger sports a sprig of evergreen in the centre of his
half butter-tub, and hangs the griskins and chines at his door
posts. The show of over-fed beasts is advertized, and graziers
and farmers loiter about to see the prize-cattle, and prizes ad-
judged to the best feeders. Butchers begin to whiten their
shambles and strew sawdust in the avenues to the scales and
little counting-house box, in which sits the female accountant
full of the " Ready-reckoner ;" poulterers are early at mar-
kes, and their shot's are filled with poultry in a state of nudity
and death. The greengrocer has decorated his window with
his best fruits ; and whilst the charms of Christmas has given
temporary bustle to all classes of tradespeople, the pew-openers
have obtained leave of the churchwardens to buy quantum sql-
ficit of holly and other evergreens to tie in bunches to the
sconces and interior parts of churches.

SIR JONAH BARRINGTON'S MEMOIRS OF IRE-
LAND AND THE UNlON.—Considering the great importai.ce of
the subject, and the numerous persons who take a deep interest
in the affairs of Ireland, we learn, with much satisfaction, that
a new and cheaper edition of Sir Jonah Barrington's impor
tant work is preparing for publication, in six monthly Parts, at
the price of Bs. per Part, the first of which will appear with
the Magazines, on the Ist January. This edition will contain,
we understand, all the portraits and other embellishments of
the original very expensive publication. Orders should be
forwarded immediately to the booksellers, to insure its deli-
very on the day of publication. Mr. Cumming, of Dublin,
is the agent appointed for Ireland.

FRENCH PAPERS.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.-SITTING OF MONDAY,

DEC. 15.

The sitting opened at half-past two o'clock, M. Dupin in
the Chair.

M. Anisson Duperron entered into the development of
his proposition (relative to the clearing of woods and forests)
submitted to the Chamber last session. The Hon. De-
puty's expose seemed to obtain but slight attention from
his colleagues. The proposition, however, was provision-
ally admitted by the Chamber.
The order of the day was the ballot for the nomination
of a Vice-President, a vacancy having occurred in conse-
quence of the appointment of M. Passy as Minister of the
Finances (during the Ministry of three days), and his sub-
sequent obligation to be re-elected as Deputy.
The names of the Deputies were according called over,
but our reporter was obliged to leave before the result of
the ballot was known.
