FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Journal dts Debuts.)
(PRIVATE CORREfiI'ONtENCr.)
" MADRID, AUG. 17.—Yesterday evening M.
Recacho was displaced, and with hith has disappeared
the only support of the moderate system. This event
is the precursor of the fall of the moderate party in
the Ministry. It is astonishing that MM. Salazar,
Salmon, and Zambrano still continue in office. The
Apostolicals think of nothing but war against Por-
tugal. They are at this moment engaged in making
out an exact list of Volunteer Royalist Militia, on
which all their plans are founded. M. Carvajal, the
Inspector-General, has already announced that the
number of volunteers exceeds 300,000, although,
however, only 80,000 are armed. But as it is known
already that the number wanting arms is nearly
200,000, orders have been given both to our own
manufacturers and those of France for a consider-
able supply of arms, which are to be ready by next
September, at which time, it is said, an army of
50,000 volunteers will he united to the force under
the command of General Sarsfield.

" The police is now under the superintendence of
M. Calomarde, Minister of Grace and Justice, who
fills up all the appointments in it.' It will in future
be organized in the following manner :—There will
be for each province, the capital of which has not a
criminal court, a sub-commander of police.
" Accounts received yesterday from Catalonia
state, that the Government of the Carlists has esta-
blished its seat at Vich, whence it issues orders to
all Catalonia, causing itself to be obeyed in the vil-
lages and towns of the second rank, with a prompt-
ness much superior to that which has hitherto at-
tended the execution of the orders of the legitimate
authority. Hitherto this Government has appointed
only civil functionaries, but the last accounts state
that it has appointed many colonels and inferior
officers."

(From the Constitutionnd. )
EXTRACT or A PRIVATE LETTER.

" LISBON, Auc. 11.—It is, in fact, certain and
notorious, that the armed rebels who have attacked
their country have constantly enjoyed perfect impu-
nity., while the authorities pursue to the utmost
venial transgressions, committed by men who have,
as faithful subjects, respected the legitimate rights
of Don Pedro IV.

"Letters from•Cintra state the Princess Regent

to have been received with a mournful silence,
which furnished a striking contrast to the lively ac-
clamations of which she was constantly the object
till since July last year.
" It has been remarked, that from the commence-
ment of this week, the portraits of the Infant Don
ik.l:;,,ruel have been ostentatiously multiplied, and they
are exposed to sale in all the most public streets.
This fact, insignificant under ordinary circumstances,
appears now not a little remarkable.*.'
(ErraAcr OF A PRIVATE LETTER.)

"MADRID, AUG. 18.—The troubles in Catalonia
and the official acts of the Regency which is esta-
blished in that province, to deliver, it says, King
Ferdinand VII., have already caused a fresh change
in the Government. At two o'clock this morning,
an Alcaid, de easa y corte, Went successively to the
houses of M. Recacho, Superintendent-Gencial of
the Police of the kingdom, and N. de Balbao, In-
tendant of the Police of Madrid and all New Castile.
This Magistrate announced himself to have come
in the name of the King, and, and presented first to
M. Recacho, and afterwards to M. de Balbao, an
order from the King, which cashiered both, and
exiled them, the first to Oviedo, the second to Gra-
nada, and ordered that the seals should be imme-
diately put in their apartments on all the moveables
which they contained of whatever description.—
This unlooked for proceeding is as yet known here
but to few persons, but it has filled with astonish-
ment the greater portion of those who have heard of
it. I think I can say with certainty that the police
here will'be officially destroyed at the beginning of
September, and perhaps sooner. how will it be
replaced? There can be no question about that
.when it is recollected that the Council of
State demanded, within the last six weeks,
from the King, the re-establishment of the Inquisition,
in a representation made ad hoc; and represented to
the King, that this restoration was the only mean;
that could regain the confidence of the people, and
secure the public tranquillity. This appears to us
clearly to explain from what state of slavery the Re-
gency established in Catalonia wishes to deliver our
Sovereign : it is no doubt from that of moderation.
Meanwhile our Government has not a maravedi at
its disposal and has only a discontented army. The
Regency of Catalonia, and the Council of State,
have not chosen their time badly.
(EXTRACT OF ANOTHER PRIVATE LETTER.)

" Since the news of the speedy arrival of Don
Pedro in Portugal was received, a project has been
conceived for hastening the development of the
Apostolical system. On die morning of the 15th,
the death of Mr. Canning havit)g become known at
St. Ildefonso, the Apostolicals believed themselves
omnipotent, and they found no difficulty in getting
from the King the decree which cashiered, as you
have already heard, M. Recacho and the Director-
General of the Police.

" At this moment a general inspection of the
Royalist volunteers, and an exact estimate of all the
volunteers in the kingdom, have been resolved upon.
Their number is stated to amount to 300,000, of
which nearly one-third only are armed; but I can
pledge myself that at the moment when I am writ-
ing, orders have been given to purchase 200,000
muskets; and I can further assure you, that a
Frenchman, who is in the service of the Infant Don
Carlos, and whose father has a manufactory of arms
in France, has obtained for the latter an order for
60,000 muskets. Ido not know what they wish to
do, but the general opinion is, that it is intended to
strike a decisive blow; and that to effect this a
corps of 30,000 or 40,000 volunteers are about to
be added to the Army of Observation."

FRENCH FUNDS, AUG. 27.—Five per Cents. 103 f. Pic.
Three per Cents. 72f. 95c. Bank Stock, 2,005 f. Nea-
politan Rentes, 78f. 75c. Exchange on London, one
month, 25f. 25c. ; three months, 25f. 10e.
" The Gazette de France gave yesterday to that
which it seems it wishes the appearance of reality, in an-
nouncing, under date of Lisbon, August 8, that Generals
Villa Flor, Stubbs, and Sampayo, were cashiered, and
succeeded by Generals Allente and Palmerino, and that
the Ministers and high functionaries at Lisbon had decided,
at the instance of Austria, that on completing his 25th
year, the Prince Don Miguel would have a right to as-
sume the reins of Government. Our letters of the 11th
say nothing of the execution of these important measures,
which, however, appear to be in the contemplation of the
Present Portuguese Ministry.—Note by the Editor of the
Constitutionnel."

It will be in the recollection of our readers
that a Jew was found in a field on the Eastern Road to
Leith some weeks ago. The cause of his death was net
known, and it could not be accurately ascertained, from
the decayed state of the body, whether it had been occa-
sioned by violence or natural disease. Suspicions were,
however, at the time entertained that the unfortunate man
had been murdered, and within these few days circum-
stances have transpired that have strengthened these suspi-
cions. From an accidental occurrence it has been disco-
vered that a man of the name of WAlahon, a supernume-
rary police officer, was in
possession of some property
which belonged to the deceased. A few (lays ago a gold
watch was offered by this person for sale to a Jew, who
ultimately made a bargain for it, but the price was not to
be paid till a subsequent day. In the meantime, on fur-
ther investigation, circumstances came out, corroborating
the suspicions already entertained that 11I'Mahon had ob-
tained possession of the watch by undue means, a warrant
was procured, and he was taken into custody on Tuesday.
His house was searched, when there were found in it seve-
ral gold and silver watches, gold brooches and rings, also
a silver snuff-box and a purse (which two latter articles are
known to have been the property of the deceased), and a
bank deposit receipt for 201., the date of which, however,
is subsequent to the time when the body of the man was
found. Al'Malion alleges that he got the property from a
packman. We understand other parties are implicated.--
The deceased's relatives, we hear, reside in London.—
...Edinburgh Courant.

104
•

LONDON,
TIIURSDAY EVENING, AUGUST 30, 1827.

Mr. HustussoN did not leave town this

morning for Windsor, as stated in some morning
papers that he would. The Right lion. Gen-

tlernan was in Whitehall this afternoon, having

paid a visit to the Colonial Office fit the morning.

The result of his visit to Windsor is as yet mere

conjecture.

The Paris Papers of Monday, which reached
us last night, contain more intelligence from
Spain and Portugal than the Gazette de France,
which we received by express yesterday, fur-
nished. It appears by private correspondence
from Madrid up to the 17th inst., in the Journal
des Debats and Constitationncl, that information
of the death of Mr. CANNING reached St. Ilde-
fonso on the morning of the 15th inst., and
that this event having inspired the Apostolicals
with fresh confidence, they had no difficulty in
obtaining from the KING the decree by which
M. REcActro and other persons of the mode-

rate party were cashiered.
This circumstance alone sufficiently shows the
extraordinary influence which our lamented
Mi-
nister had obtained over the Cabineta of other
countries, and the immense :importance • of his
life to the interests of the civilized world. The
growth of despotism was checked while he lived
even in its most genial soil, and if the seeds of
liberal principles which he had scattered abroad
had not taken deep root in Spain, still they had
germinated, and would ultimately have shot up
and destroyed the rank and noxious weeds which
occupied the ground.

His death appears to be the signal for renewed
exertions to reduce the Spanish nation to the
lowest state of degradation, and from the intelli-
gence conveyed by these papers, there is too
much reason to fear that exertions will now
seriously be made to extend the poisonous
draught to the Portdgucse nation also. The
Royalist Volunteers are rapidly increasing in
number, arms are ordered, and the invasion of
Portugal again currently spoken of. The cause
of the Apostolicals in that kingdom will also be
assisted by the Revolutionary principles avowed
by some of those who stile themselves Constitu-
tionalists—if the Proclamation which we pub-
lished yesterday, from the Gazette de France,
has actuallybeen promulgated by the partizans of
SALDANHA. Extracts from the Papers will be
found in another column.

German Papers to the 23d inst., which reach-
ed us last night, furnish no political news. The
following arc extracts :

orricAn,rmAyu c.
wholB;v—enti.tohe Greece°fficers
Bavarianl‘i last
td
year, subalternsretu r
noefd the:o
this city yesterday, with the exception of Lieut.-Colonel
Heidegger, who remains in Greece, and Lieutenant Schon-
hammer, who is detained by indisposition at Bolzano.
MAYENCE, Atin. 22.—Eighteen families, consisting of
116 individuals from the Province of Starkenberg, in the
Grand Duchy of Hesse, passed through this city on the
19th, on their way to North America.
VIENNA, AUG. 16.—A division of the Hungarian noble
guard is going to set out to-day to Presburg, to do duty as
a guard of honour to their Majesties the Emperor and Em-
press, at the closing of the Diet, which will take place
on Friday.
To-morrow their Majesties will leave Laxemburg, where
the Court has been for these three days, and go to Schloss-
hoff, and on Friday the Emperor will proceed to the palace
of the Primate, where he will deliver the closing speech
and dismiss the Estates.
FRANKFORT, AUG. 22.—Letters from our respected
fellow-citizen, the celebrated traveller, Mr. Edward Reip-
pel, announce that he had returned in the middle of June
this year from his journey to Abyssinia, accompanied by
Mr. Hay, and has arrived sate at Cairo with a very large
collection of subjects of natural history.
AUGSBURG, AUG. 20.—Accounts from Hanover, of the
9th Aug. say that Baron Von Schmidt Phiseldeck had re-
ceived from London the appointment to the post of Chief
'of the Department of Justice.
VIENNA, AUG. 16.—Metalliques, 91 7-16 ; Bank
Shares, 1072.

The New York Papers to the 2d inst., which
reached town yesterday, do not contain any in-
telligence of importance. It is mentioned in
them,on authority of letters from Vera Cruz
to the 27th June, that, when news arrived there
of the execution of the Padre ARENAS, the
people of Vera Cruz had been considerably agi-
tated, and that a handbill had been posted in the

streets, declaring the state of Vera Cruz inde-
pendent of the Mexican Federation. "It was
not known," says the account, " whether this
was intended as a pretext for plundering the
Spaniards and other resident foreigners, as being
traitors, or whether it was intended to feel the
pulse of the inhabitants towards a separation."
The prices of Stock at New York on the Ist
inst. were as follow :—Six per Cents., 1813,
1011 ; 6 per Cents., 1814 and 1815, 105 ; 3
per Cents., 87. Bills on London at 60 days
were 9i to 10 premium.

The following is an extract of a letter from the
Mate of the Concord to his Brokers,—having
been captured by a Buenos-Ayrean privateer :
MONTE VIDEO, JUNE 11, 1827.

GENTLEMEN,-You will no doubt be surprised at re-
ceiving this letter, but as the report of the vessel's capture
will no doubt reach you by the packet, and will, as all
reports generally are, be exaggerated, I think it my duty,
as mate, and commanding the vessel in the absence of the
captain, to send you this, for your's and the owner's
information. On the 27th of April, being in 34 deg.
36 min. South latitude, and 50 degrees 50 minutes West
long. We were brought to by a schooner under Brazilian
colours, the commander of which hailed us, and ordered
the Captain to come on board with his papers and letter-
bag; it was then blowing pretty fresh, about one o'clock,
p.m. The Captain went in the jolly-boat, -with one
of the passengers and four men on board the schooner;
as soon as they got alongside, they were all taken
out and replaced by two officers and four men from
the schooner, who came on hoard of us, armed with pis-
tols, and took charge of as, the one who appeared to be
chief telling Inc he was come to take charge of the ship as
prize-master; by this time the schooner had hauled down
the Brazilian and hoisted Buenos Ayres colours. We then
made sail with her, but it coming on to blow, and the'
sea getting up, we could not send the boat back
for the Captain. About half-past five o'clock the Captain
of the schooner hailed and ordered her officer to shorten
sail and keep under his lee all night. At ten o'clock it
came on to blow very hard, with dark rainy weather. I
now found the prize master had no instructions with re-
gard to signals, and by that means he lost the privateer in
the night ; he then cruized off and on till the 2d May,
when not seeng any thing of the schooner, he stood
for the Salado river, on the south side of the
River Plate, in hopes of finding her there, but in-
stead of that, we found the place blockaded by four Bra-
zilian men of war, who, in the night of the 4th May,
boarded us; the prize-master and 13 of the men having
cut the jolly-boat from the stern, and rowed on shore,
leaving us in charge of the vessel, the other two men giv-
ing themselves up as prisoners, and going below about
half an hour before the Brazilian boat reached us ;
they, however, took charge of us as a prize taken from
the Buenos-Ayreana, and, as such, sent us into this '
port, when we were soon liberated by the efforts of Mr.
Hood, the British Consul, and Admiral Otway, on hoard
of his Majesty's ship Ganges, they being of opinion that
she could not be a re-capture, as she was in my possession
at the time they took her. It was also their opinion, as
it is mine, that the Buenos Ayreans did not intend to de-
tain us, but only to examine the papers, when it came on
to blow. We have not began to discharge, and lam ra-
ther awkwardly situated, as the Captain has got all the
papers with him, and I am sorry to say there is no account
of him. (Signed) JOHN CUMMINE, Mate.
•P. S. The privateer was formerly an American, and
called the Bolivar; she is now called the Vincidorc.

The Lord Chief Baron ALEXANDER has
been appointed to succeed Lord MANNERS as
Chancellor of Ireland, The extensive and sound
knowledge of the law which this Learned Judge
possesses is universally acknowledged ; and his
Lordship is highly esteemed for his urbanity and
kindness of disposition.

His Majesty's brig packet, Sheldrake, has ar-
rived with a Mail from Buenos Ayres, from
which place she sailed oil the 7th June, and
from Monte Video on the 12th June.

Extract from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Buenos
Ayres, dated June 7
The British brig Florida, Hastings, on a whaling
voyage, which was taken possession of the 28th of March,
off the Castillos, by a Buenos Ayres privateer boat, com-
manded by Fournier, and afterwards armed and made
several captures of Brazilian vessels, arrived here to-day,
and an enquiry has been commenced by the British Mini-
ster. The Zumaca, Rosalie, taken off Rio Janeiro by the
Florida, and the cutter Natividad, taken off Colonia by
the _Republican° privateer boat, arrived here, the former on
the 23d, and the latter on the 24th ult. The Presidenta
privateer brig, and the Presidenta privateer schooner,
sailed hence the 27th ult. on a cruize.

Our Letters from Portsmouth this morning
mention that orders had been received there for
the whole of the eight ships composing the Ex-
perimental squadron to be fitted for foreign ser-
vice with all possible expedition. As these
ships have been so long under trial, and their
relative merits fully ascertained, it was conjec-
tured at Portsmouth that they were to be em-
ployed on some other service, but nothing had
transpired relative to their destination.

The attention of the public has been more
particularly directed to the Western Circuit
than to any other—not so much from the
novelty or importance of the causes or crimes
tried on that Circuit, as from the singularity of
the charges delivered by Chief Justice BEST,
embracing, in their ambitious range, every thing
human or divine. His Lordship is not more
remarkable for his antipathy to the Press
than for his gratuitous professions of ad-
miration for liberal discussion. In theory he is
the best friend—in practice the most inveterate
foe, who has ever exhibited the ardour of his
feeling towards the Liberty of the Press. But
we must, at the same time, do his Lordship
the justice to observe, that no man has expressed
more contempt of the chicanery of the law, or
wished more to simplify its crooked policy. It
cannot be denied that his Lordship pos-
sesses a good heart ; but then the warmth
of his temperament too often defeats the bene-
ficial tendency of his kindlier :feelings. In
disposition, none is more affable—in
manner,
none more polite or gentlemanly ; but touch him
on a tender chord, however unintentionally, and
the urbanity of the gentleman is lost in the
irascibility of the cynic. In short you never
know when you have him, he is so capricious in
his humour. With the best intentions in the world
he frequently deceives himself without enlighten-
ing his auditors. Such is the vehemence
of his manner on certain occasions in charging
the Jury, that he forgets the calm dignity of the
-Judge in the earnestness of the advocate. He
is too sensitive to minute matters, in his desire

to impress the Jury with his own view of all the
circumstances of the case. He is, without
exception, the most eloquent Judge on the
Bench. But his imagination is often too
vivid for his judgment. He secs, or fancies
that he sees, the merits of a case before more
sedate minds can comprehend its bearing,
and this intuitive perception too frequently
brings him into collision with the more touchy
members of the Bar. Hence, scarcely a
term elapses—certainly, not a circuit without
a legal fracas between his Lordship and
some of his learned Serjeants. In this
smart but undignified interlude, Mr. Sergeant
WILDE has, by general consent, obtained
the greatest share •of celebrity. He even
divides the palm of questionable fame with
his Lordship, and has besides the rare merit of
originating the stormy discussion which has al-
ways compromised the dignity of the Bench
without exalting that of the Bar. The present
observations have been elicited by the recent
affair at Bristol, in which city, though par-
tial to sparring exhibitions, we believe the
turn-up in a Court of Justice was as new as
unexpected.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, AUG. 29.—Wind N.E.--Arrived, the
Cortes, from New York; and La Belle Alliance,
Hunter, from India. The Russian fleet remains.
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 29.—Wind W.N.W.—
Arrived his Majesty's ship Maidstone, from Africa,
sailed the Ist of July, and from Ascension the 21st,
having a quantity of gold dust on merchants' ac-
count; also the Hope, Rippon, from Memel.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 28.—Wind N.—Arrived, the
Sheldrake packet, Ede, from Buenos Ayres. Sailed,
the Magnet packet, for Lisbon.
The Robert, Simpson, from Messina to Smyrna,
has been plundered of nearly all her cargo, and was
fallen in with by his Majesty's ship,Zebra, which
arrived at Malta previous to the 31st ult., from
Smyrna.
The Huddersfield, Shaw, from London to Hull,
was on shore, near Hasborough, on Tuesday.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TWELVE O' CLOCK.

The settlement yesterday ii. the English Funds
went off better than was expected, particularly as
the fluctuation during the time was frequent and
heavy ; the business of to-day is also important, in
the final adjustment of accounts, it being what is
termed pay-day, &c. of the balances due. This
morning the appearance of Consols is unsteady, and
the market exhibits a troubled feature; a timidity
seems to have seized the minds of the operators,
which not only affects the Funds but also trade
generally in the City, and this is likely to continue
the case until something decisive is finally known of
the adjustment of the Ministerial arrangements. Con-
sols opened at 864, but declined to 86k, sellers, they
have since been 86i, buyers, for account, and 864
for money, at which rate they continue. India
Bonds are up to 91 2, Exchequer Bills, 58 60 pm.
In the Foreign Funds there has been a want of
business; Mexican Bonds are still heavy at 674}
sellers; the situation of the affairs of Portugal and
Spain continue to weigh heavy on the securities of
the former, and if it is true that Don Miguel, as
reported, is to return to Portugal as Regent, it will
be impossible to calculate on the consequences which
may result from such an appointment; there is but
one opinion, and that is, matters cannot remain long
in their present state, the Bonds of Portugal may
therefore be considered to bear a high rate at their
present price, 75 6. Nothing new can be stated re-
lative to Share speculations ; Brazilian Mines are
13 14 pm.; Real del Monte, 30 15 dis.
Three per Cent. Consols, 86* buyers ; ditto for the
Account, 864 buyers ; India Bonds, 91 2 pin.; Exchequer
Bills, 58 60 pin.
FOREIGN.-Buenos Ayres, 67 ; Chilian, 64 5 ; Colom-
bian, 1821, NI; Danish, 628 Greek, 154; Mexi-
can 5 per Cent., 544 5 ; Ditto 6 per Cent., 671 ;
Peruvian, 24* 51; Portuguese, 75 6 ; Russian, 96i ;
Spanish, 10i 8.
MINES.—AngIo Mexican, 57* 5 dis.; Brazilian, 13 14
pm. ; Colombian, 8 9 per share; Real del Monte, 30 15
die. ; United Mexican, 22 21 die. ; Bolanos, 90 70 dis.
Two o' CLOCK.
Consols remain fidgety, they reached 87, have
gone back to 8613- sellers, and are now buyers.
An Express has arrived, bringing the price of the
French Funds at Paris, on Tuesday :—The Five
per Cents. 103 f. 85c.—Three per Cents. 72f. 85c.
THREE O'CLOCK
Consols for Account, 86k.

Sir GODFREY WEBSTER'S fine yacht, the
Scorpion, has been sold to the Hon. Mr. GREVILLE, for
3,000 guineas.—Brighton Gazette.

THE HARVEST—In this neighbourhood is
now nearly completed, and is considerably more than an
average crop. The whole of the corn has been carried in
very fine condition.—Cheltenham Chronicle.

Among a list of penalties for the regulation of
Queen ELIZABETH'S household, we find the following
" That none toy with the maides on paine of four-pence."
Sir GREGon M'GREGOR still remains in cus-
tody, no fresh sureties having been offered.
CARLTON-HOUSE.—The removal of Carlton-
house is now almost accomplished. The centre of that
once celebrated building only remains. We never consi-
dered it famous for architectural beauty, but it was the
scene of famous princely hospitality. The grand conserva-
tory received the powerful Potentates of Europe and the
Emperor of Russia. All the magnificence of the Court of
Great Britain was displayed on that spot, which in a few
days will no longer possess one mark of former grandeur.
The palaces of Kings in London have never been of long
duration.

LIVERPOOL, AUG. 28.—Cotton continues
in limited demand ; the sales to-day are about 800 to 900
bags at last quotations, but in the lower descriptions of
American Cottons the buyers have the advantage over the
sellers; otherwise there is no particular feature to notice in
the sales of this day. Rather heavy arrivals arc expected
from New Orleans.

STREETS ON FIRE.—It is, we are assured,
an indisputable fact, that great part of Piccadilly, and the
whole of White-horse-street, were actually on fire for
several hours on one day last week. Owing to the works
going on at the great sewer there, the gas in considerable
quantities had escaped, and so insinuated itself into the
neighbouring earth, that on being accidentally ignited, it
burnt in a very alarming manner for three or four hours.
A dreadful conflict between two powerful and
numerous factions took place at the fair of Ennistimon, on
Wednesday last. The Magistrates had been apprised of the
intended battle, and secured the attendance of Chief Con-
stable Carey, from Kilrush, with forty police, and Mr.
Warren of the 99th Regiment, with eighteen rank and file.
In spite of this precaution, the combatants commenced the
work of slaughter in the centre of the town ; every shop
was closed, and business suspended ; vollies of stones flew
at the civil and military power, accompanied with frightful
shouts. The officer of the 99th received a blow violent on
the head, which brake his cap. Archdeacon Whitty, with
co
Act. The military and police then charged the rioters,
and
apprehending seven of the ringleaders,
who
s succeeded
arc
l a l difficulty,
and at great peril, read the Riot
e
committed
to Ennis gaol.—Dublin Freeman's
Journal.

PUBLIC SALES.-(THIS DAY.)
AUCTION MART.

By Messrs. ROBINS—A gentlemanly sporting
villa residence, freehold of inheritance, and most de-
lightfully situate in that admired part of Bucks,
near Ainersham and Chesham, 27 miles from Lon-
don, in a fine sporting part of the country. The re-
sidence is called Bois House, seated on a lawn, and
environed by the flower-garden, shrubbery, &c.—
There is also a prolific orchard, and a bowling-green,
and immediately surrounding the whole are rich pad-
docks, containing 21 acres, 1 rood, and 15 perches
of superior land, and a roomy gothic cottage contigu-
ous. Knocked down at 2,040/.

A modern family residence at Hammersmith, ap-
proached through lofty gates, the entrance orna-
mented with a portico, and the wings forming a bil-
liard-room, music-room, and bath, belted by a well-
grown shrubbery. Also a commodious residence
adjoining, with convenient offices and garden ; the
chief residence is wholly free from rent-1,5001.
A desirable family residence, in Hinde-street,
Manchester-square, held for an unexpired term of
45 years, at a ground rent of only lOgs.-6901.
A freehold parcel of land, called Upper Bean Plot,
on the high road from Lymington to Christ Church,
containing nearly 5 acres, at a rent of 12/. per an-
num-3351.

A Bond for lOW., paying 5 per cent. interest,
secured upon the rates for lighting and watching
Kentish Town—JO:V.

A ditto, exactly similar-1051.
A Copyhold Estate at Turnham-green, consisting
of the residence and old-established ware-rooms of
a furniture-dealer. 355/.

An absolute Reversion, receivable on the death of
a lady now in her 55th year, to one-fifth of a. moiety
of 23,3331. 6s. Bd. 3 per Cent. Consols. 700/.
A ditto, receivable on the death of a gentiemno
now in his 54th year, to one-fifth of a moiety of
16,666/. 13s. 4d. 3 per Cent. Consols. 640/.
By Messrs. APPLETON and GADSDEN.—A Lease-
hold Estate, comprising the residence and premises
of a hatter, No. 201, Bishopsgate-street. 270/.
Also a Dwelling-house, behind the above. 65/.

By Mr. BURTON.—Four Leasehold Houses in
four lots, being Nos. 4, 19, 20, and 21, Devonshire-
place, Turnbam-green :
Lot I—Being No. 4. 981.
Lot 2—Being No. 19. 90/.
Lot 3—Being No. 20. 721.
Lot 4---Being No. 21. 701.

The Lease of a brick Dwelling-house, eligibly si-
tuate in Threadneedle-street, opposite Merchant
Tailors' Hall-1351.

Three neat Leasehold Houses, with Shops, situate
in Wiltshire-place, Hoxton, contiguous to the Canal,
held for an unexpired term of 59 years-210!.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.—(THIS DAY.)
GUILDHALL.
SAILING ON L A ND..—TWO slOppers of Leith smacks,
went to a house last night in Ram-court, in company with
some of the fair sex, to have a dram and a lark. Soon af-
ter having got there, one of them, a jolly sailor, felt him-
self getting half-seai over, and his friend, who had hardly
sailed so far, thought be would take charge of his pro-
perty ; he accordingly took out of his friend's pockets
two five pound notes, a sovereign, and a gold watch,
and as he 11 this time was unable to walk home, the
ed iad to
ladies.
enahee hiradies to
thoughtthat.enlet
purser betook himself to the road, after having returned a
tso g overoeigonn to his
sfrti
purser ought to have left a little more for their use,
and therefore immediately followed him, and gave him
in charge to a Charlie, for having robbed a drunken man.
The parser was shipped off to the land-cabin, (the cage),
the money, &c., taken from him, and brought before the
Magistrate to-day.
The property was produced by the officers.
The commander, who had struck to the sway of Bacchus
and the persuasions of the " ladies," appeared, and ex-
pressed great regret that he had been the means of getting his
friend into sic a plight ; said he was one of the best fel-
lows that ever lived, and that if he had 10,0001. he should
have been happy to have had it taken from him Jy his
purser.

The MAGISTRATE participated in enjoying the joke, and
hoped it would be understood, that not the slightest imps.
tation was to be attached to the careful Scotehman.

THE ARMY.

GENERAL ORDER.

Horse Guards, Aug. 29, 1827.

The Commander-in-Chief having been pleased to appoint
Major-General Lord Fitzroy Somerset, K.C.8., to be his
Military Secretary, his Grace desires that the correspon-
dence of the Army may Le addressed to that Officer, con-
formably to his Majesty's Regulations:—
The Commander-in-Chief has also appointed the follow-
ing Officers to he his Grace's Aides-de-Camp, viz. :
Colonel Sir Henry F. Cooke, K.C.H., Half-pay.
Lieut.-Colonel Hon. George Anson, Half-pay.
Lieut.-Colonel Francis Russell, Coldstream Guards.
Lieut.-Colonel John Fremantle, Coldstream Guards.
By his Grace's command.
HENRY TORRENS, Adjutant-General.

The Ist Division of the 73d Regiment of Infantry, em-
barked, on the 25th inst., onboard the Southw °rat trans-
port, at Cork, for Gibraltar.

Mr. HusKissoN left his residence in Somer-
set-place about nine o'clock yesterday morning, in his car-
riage and four, to attend the Ktwu, at the Royal Lodge, in
Windsor Park. The Right Honourable Gentleman re-
turned to town shortly before eight o'clock yesterday even-
ing, and had a conference with Viscount GODERICK.

Viscount DUDLEY, Viscount PALMERSTON,
and Mr. Wyalw, visited Viscount GODERICH yesterday.
Mr. HERRIES came to town yesterday morning, and had
an interview with his Lordship, at his residence in Down-
ing-street. ,

Viscount DUDLEY arrived in town yesterday
from his residence at Roehampton. The Marquis of PAL-
MELLA, the Portuguese Ambassador, and the Count de
VILLA REAL, the new Portuguese Minister, had a confer-
ence with his Lordship, at the Foreign Office. Mr.
TIERNEY had a long interview with the Noble Viscount.

Mr. PLANTA returned to town yesterday from
his seat in Sussex.

Yesterday the Earl and Countess of Co.
VENTRY and family, left town, for their seat, Croome,
Worcestershire.

The Prince LIEVEN had a dinner Party yes,
terday, at Ashburnham House.

Lord WILLIAM BENTINCK gave an elegant
entertainment yesterday, at his house in Park-lane.

The LORD HIGH ADMIRAL, it is said, has
appointed as his private Secretary Capt. SPENCER, son of
Lord SPENCER, in the place of Dlr. HAMILTON, who re-
tires from ill health.

Lord YA RB ORO UGH'S fine yacht, the Falcon,
with Lord Yarborough's, Lord Belfast's, and some others,
enlivened our Roads on Sunday ; they have since proceed-
ed up the Channel to Dover, where the Regatta com-
menced on Tuesday. The Falcon carries sixty men and
is fitted up in a splendid style.—Brighton Gazette.
Monday Mr. Alderman- Quelch was elected
Mayor of Reading for the year ensuing. On this occasion
Aldermen Austwick, Simonds, and Sowden, resigned their
gowns. As this body are self-elected, and have Lord Sid-
mouth at their head, three Apostolicals are wanted to fill
up the vacancy.
TILE NEW GOVERNOR OF INDlA.—Yester-
day was the day appointed by the Directors of the East
India Company to give the customary splendid entertain-
ment to Lord William Bentinck, the newly-appointed Go-
vernor of India, previous to his Lordship's departure from
this country to the seat of his Indian Government. In
consequence, however, of the death of Mr. Canning, the
original intention has been abandoned, and the intended
entertainment postponed. It is as yet uncertain whether
the dinner will be given on this occasion, as it is thought
Lord William Bentiuck's departure now approaching will
be too near the time of Mr. Canning's death to allow one
so nearly connected with the late Premier to partake of such
a festivity.
Saturday, a duel was fought, near Bath, be-
tween a Mr. B—e, jun., and a Mr. ;
when,
then left the
after an exchange of shots the seconds interfered, and mat-
ters were accommodated, the parties ground-
-Cheltenham Chronicle.

TH

HAI

Lowland Mc
t_pland Ditt
,_,4e-g-rass Ij
New Meado
Supply go
to advance.

Lowland Mc
Upland Ditt
LtYe-ass H
Newts ead°
A goc

since ye
'liked, and
muPPIY•
high ; of 1
About half
Teen, but
housed for
Prime Ti
Finest Sa
Ditto Gri
Salmon '1

Sturgeon
Fine Wh
Inferior r
line Sol
Inferior
Fine Cod
Live Flot
Live Eel:
Fine Loh
Fine Cral
Fine Crai
Fine Prai
Shrimps,
Best Com
Natives ..
New Cod

Dutch Pi

No van

quotations.

FEATAL

WALK
A:ros de 2
folds on
Marie, NI
enameller
hand. Fi
mantelet
Spanish I
mounted

gant out-
tartan ril
though si
rent cola

with a Ix
trilde Fr(
The hat i
with bow
rn-t white
slippers
the dress

EVENI
Con, the
of pink c
scene col(
rounds ti
Ivhieh it •
closes d(
layer of
down th
pink satin
body is fi
similar in
The slew
rows of
hand, a I
head• A
under tin
of the ha
Playing

Ago(
thief fat
Hell she
his bitter
bY a ma
Worst pc
artiountii
exceptio
praise ; i
lts sentir
let the fi
I've I

And

Ther
Witr
Whe
Four
Nor

Eith,
Was
But

Win.

Still

Whi

Rust.
ti• Rani
on the abi
let of Sp
daY, and
ticepted),
ten at

thereof in
for exarnii

BRA:

LING NE(
IN '825..
Which bet
be paid b 3
eeding d
the hours

New.coui
with lists
flays prey
viously
PRU
N. M. I
Yearly Di
Monday,
every suc
by Mr.
two, at
Svvitbin'E
in flamer

ruination

At
who had
where' 1(
"fair a
worn
the liroh

When he
was Seat(
demander
sleeve-bo
when the
the tails
across a
*ere ala
hoot ene
'aver at
the hunt
xcisem
love Wit]

Co.
roome,

yes-

egant

1, has
son of
,hO re-

ilcon,
others,
nceed-
corn-
en and

lected
ccasion
d their
d Sid-
to fill

DI such

be-
when,
ri mat-
Tound.
