MEETING OF DELEGATES AT

EXETER HALL.

A very numerous meeting of the anti-slavery Delegates, took place
this morning in the minor Hall, Exeter Hall, for the purpose of consi.
dering what further steps they should take for the furtherance of their
great object.

Wituast Trios. BLAIR, Esq. the late Mayor of Bath took the Chair.
' The CHAIRMAN-1 need hardly say, that I consider myself greatly
honoured by being called on to take the Chair at such a meeting as the
present, convened as it is, for one of the noblest objects that can engage
our attention, and representing, as I believe it does, the moral and reli.
gious feelings of all classes throughout the country.—(Hear, hear.) To
find that the heart of the nation is still so sound on the question of sla_
very, and that the nation has once more raised its voice, as the voice of
one man, in condemnation of this atrocious violation of human rights,
is matter for thankfulness and gratulation.—(Hear, hear.) It augurs
well, I think, for the interests of truth and lawful liberty amongst us
generally, that the nation has maintained so firm and uncompromising
a bearing on this question, and that undismayed by defeat—unbiassed
by political partialities—unfired by long continued and costly exertions,
they are again prepared to assert the claims of humanity, of justice, of re-
ligion. On the other hand, it is a source of deep regret to find that
though the country is with us, as one man, the Cabinet is against us,
and that is thechief, if not the only obstacle to our success.—(Cheers.)
To be opposed and defeated by a Government professedly liberal, to
see freedom wounded in the house of her friends, is a greater disap.
pointment, and a more aggravated wrong than if the blow had been
inflicted by the hand of despotism. But as we are astern-
b'ed not in the character of politicians, but as abolitionists,
and friends of the negro, I shall abstain from any political observations
in which I might otherwise be tempted by the conduct of the Ministry
to indulge. Speaking however, as I am, in the presence of the Press, and
therefore in the presence of the Ministry, I may be permitted to say, and
as a friend and supporter of the present Administration,
I say it with
the deepest regret, that by the unnational and unaccountable position
they have taken up, they have done more to weaken and divide their
friends, and to damage the cause of rational and moderate reform, than
could have been predicted or hoped for by their bitterest opponents.—
(Cheers.) I most sincerely hope they will retrace their steps, while there
is time. They may certainly do so now, not only without dishonour,
but with credit and advantage.—(Hear, hear.) If they cannot or will
not take the lead in this righteous cause, let them, at all events, cease
to. oppose it.—(Hear, hear.) Let them, in deference to the united voice
of the nation, make it an open question, and we ask no more. By doing
this, oursuccess, I believe, under God, is certain. By this course, they
will regain the confidence they have lost, and add immeasureably to
the popularity of our beloved and honoured Queen. If I had their
ear I would say to the-n
—as you value the honour and
fair fame of your Royal Mistress, do not do anything that can tarnish
athe
ridgaiy, os
yhee
ici oarnoyn aotfi ohne,
herby yd
oanil I ohwiionrigLt_h
cßhoeyearls s; a n
Bd aurtd,
the lustre of her crown, that can even by possibility throw a gloom over
o
i
or not, our duty is
t floatwhether
will take this conciliatory and right_minded course t r
quite clear—onward, rignt onward must be our movement,
regardless
of all temporary and political considerations, and guided only by the
great principles of liberty and humanity, of justice of virtue, and of re.
ligion ; divested a'so of passion and prejudice, but firm, determined, and
uncompromising, I trust we shall continue to adhere to our principles,
and prosecute our labours till freed•ln in reality, as well as in name, is
e'er ocured
(n
sit]
crown.—(Cheers.)
Joiners c moved that Thomas Scales, Wm. Wilson, and Wm.to the negro but to every subject of the British
Morgan, be appointed Secretaries.
Mr. WILSON thought it desirable it should he stated why the calling
of this delegation had been made. Only one resolution lad been pre.
pared, and the reason of that was that they felt this was the time to
work and not to talk. There was very little time between this and
mooted in the
THuesdaya
tehnahtigti,mwchoeunghthtetoqubeestoiocncupwioeudldbybseera,dgianign
direct applica-
tions to Members. They only sought to commend their cause to the
support of all men, but they by no means sought to interfere with the in-
dependence
.of Members of the House of Commons, or to require any
pledges from them.
JOSEPH STUEGE, Esq., of Birmingham, read letters of apology from
some of their friends, who had been prevented by other business from
attending, but many who were not now present would be there in the
beginning of the week. Some of their friends were not anxious that the
delegates should be called together, and certainly nothing but the im-
portance of the case would have induced them to adopt such a course.—
(Hear, hear.) The present moment was the very crisis of their cause,
and circumstances might arise in the course of next weA, which would
compel them to call for the advice and assistance of their country friends.
So far as his information had lately gone, he was gratified to say that
their canvass had been most encouraging, from ten to twenty Members
who voted against them on the former occasion having promised to sup-
port them on the next. When it was recollected that the majority
against them was only fifty-four, they would see more important an ac.
cession of 25 would be, which would turn the scale the other way.
He was fully aware that last time many of their friends voted against
them, under the impression that the Government had made it a question I
