Standard... Dec. 18:37

Jan. 1838 103,000
Feb. 1838 lOO,OOO lb.
Mar. 1838
383,00 )
Gloic Dec. 1837 72,00
Jan. 1838 90,000
Feb. 1838 72,000
Mar. 1838 7,000

,?06,000
Courier Dec. 1837 ......... 31,000
Jan. 1838 39,000
Feb. 1838 83,000
Mar. 1838 33,000

136,000

HIGH NVATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
31,Jrning 57 minutes alter 5 I Evening ...... 1O minutes after 6

NEurIIC)EMANCIPaTION

AT a MEETING of ANTI-SLAVERY
DELEGATES, held on MoNnAi-, the iSth May, 1538,
st Brown's Hotel, Palace-yard; •
W. T. BLAIR, Esq., in the Chair.
It was unanimously resolved,
That the cordial thanks of this Meeting are due, and are hereby
respectfully offered, to the conductors of that portion of the daily
press which has supported with irrefutable arguments the imme-
diate abolition of the slave apprenticeship.
• W. r. BLAIR, Chaiman.

3,:St. James's-gßare, May, 1838.
Now Ready.
COLONEL MACERONPS AUTOBIOGRAPHY.
MENIOIRS of the LIFE and ADVENTURES
of COLONEL FRANCIS MACERONI,
Late Aide. de-Camp to Joachim Murat, King of Naples, Knight
of the Legion of Honour and of St. George of the Two Sicilies,
Ex-General of Brigade in the service of the Republic of Colum-
bia, &c. &c.

In 2 vols. demy flvo., with Portrait.
John Alacrone, St. James-square.

R. COPLAND'S MEDICAL DIG
TIONARY, Part 5, will be publi6hed on SATURDAY,
June 9.

Advertisements arc requested to be sent to the Publishers on or
before Monday, June 4, and Bills (of which 4,000 are required)
on or before Wednesday, June 6.
London : Longman and Co.

ANTI-SLAVERY. —URGENT.—Lord John
Russell having given notice this evening of the intention
of Government to move, on Monday or Tuesday next, that
it is not advisable to - adopt any proceedings to give effect to the
resolution of May. the 9.2 d, for the immediate and entire mine-
ticn of the Apprenticeship in our Slave Colonies, the Central Negro
Emancipation Committee, and the Delegates now assembled in London,
desire to record their most solemn and deliberat, protest against this
unwarantable attempt to supersede and annul a deliberate decision of the
Commons of England-to defeat the w.shes of the entire nation, and to
put in jeopardy the peace and welfare of the Colonies : they therefore
most earnestly and respectfully entreat every Member of the House of
Commons—as he would desire to give effect to the prayers of the eon,
try, as expressed in petitions containing upwards of a million of sign,
tures,. and as he values the fundamental principles of humanity, justice,
and re"igion, that he would attend in his place on Monday and Tuesday
next, and give his most strenuous opposition to the course proposed by
the Government.
Signed on behalf of the, Central Negro Emancipation Committee,
and the assembled Delegates at Exeter Hall, this 25th day of
May, IS3B. NV, T. BLAIR, Chairman.
As the House of Commons will, on Monday, the 98th inst., be
called upon to consider the proceedings of the 29th and 30:11 March, on
the motion of Sir George Strickland, for Mc Abolition of Negro Appren-
ticeship on or before the let of August, 1838 ; and also the procredings
of the t',..ld May, on the motion of Sir E.irdley Wilmot, that Negro Ap-
prenticeship in the British Colonies shall immediately cease and deter.
mine ; and as the decision of the House on the f.,riner resolution, may
be adduced to show, that "it is not advisable to adopt any proceedings
for the purpose of giving effect to the resolution of tho 22e1 May," the
Anti Slavery Delegates deem it most important that the circumstances
under which Sir George Strickland's motion was disposed of, should be
Cidinctiv known.
On the 22d March last, the following conversation took place in the
House of Lords :
Lord Lyndhurst said " he would take this opportunity of asking the
Noble Lord .opposite, at the heed of the Colonial affairs, whether it was
his intention to proceed with the Bill which stood to be committed that
evening, or w Indict' he did not think it better tc postpone the considera-
tion of it until the Bill of the Nohle and Learned Lnird opposite' (Lord
Brougham) had been read a se end time, which had reference to the
sense subteen ?"-
Lord Glimlg said, " that the measure he hail before the tletrsa wail
i.
, _ e wilted', was entirely independent of thot of the Noble and Learned
i-d. If the Slavery Abolition Art Amendment Bill was to pas.;, itit'!,as better that it shou'd pa,,i with the least pass ble delay. He repented,
at it was a measure entirely independent of that of the .Nofste and
'earned Lore!."
' Lord Lyndhurst s7tid, " that as the Noble Lord proposed going pn
lib tie Bill, he hoped that the House would not be considered, in
adopting it, at (X to . pledge itself with regard to any other measure
which might hereafter be introduced to their consideration."
Notwithstanding this declaration, the Government,. is stead of allow-
ing the motion of Sir George Strickland to stand upon its own merits,
and to be decided accordingly, gave notice of their intention to more as
an amendment, the second reading of Lord Glenelg's Bill; and thus
bring their own measure into direct collision with a separate and inde-
pendent motion, originating in the national demand for the immedia'e
extinction of the apprenticeship.
In consequence of the adoption of this course by her Majesty's Mi.
Msters, Members of Parliament were called unon, either to support the
motion for the abolition of the apprenticeship system, and in so doing,
to decide the fate of the Ministerial measure; or to vole with Ministers,
and thereby to set aside the proposition of Sir George Strickland.
If these circumstances be taken into consideration, it will appear, that
the majority on the 30th of March last, was chained by the conduct
of Ministers in superinducing their own Bill unun the motion of Sir
George Strickland, thus violating an understood pledge to pursue a
contrary course.
The Negro Emancipation Committee and Delegates reviewing the above
proceedings, and conferring with their Parliameotary friends, saw it to be
their duty to furnish the House of Commons with an opportunity of ex-
pressing its opinion regarding the Apprenticeship System as a distinct
and separate question. This was done by Sir Eardley Wilmot on the
92d instant, and a vote of that House recorded, " 'That the Apprentice-
ship System should immediately cease and determine."
W. T. BLAIR, Chairman.

Gui!dhall Coffee House, May '26 .

Pie publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day

at 30 minutes past Three o' Clock.

tended, like the hootings and hallowings of sport,men, to
chase them into the snare.

Against the doctrine that we arc not now to comily
with the dictates of justice in regard to the negroes,
because compliance would be a violation of a compact
concluded in 1833, we must protest on high and general
principle. It would be a complete bar to the redress
of any grievance, and the repeal of any law, fur there
is no grievance to some which is not a suppo. ed benefit to
others, and no law, which some may regard as a gross injustice
which others do not claim as a right. The Corn-law is net of
mueli older elite than the iestitution cf negro apprenticeship,
and the arguments which would prevent the Legislature from
amending or abolishin,g the latter, because it was a compact,
would for ever entail on our people the starvation law of the
landlords. We maintain the hell supremacy of every existing
Legislature, and deny that any pre-existing Legislature has
or had any power to tic up the hands, by any compact, of
any succeeding Legislature. This principle must be as welt
known to the planters as all other men ; and even if such a
compact as they contend for had been entered into by the
Legislature of 1833, they would have no more right to count
on its observance by the Legislature of 1838, than the paupers
bad to reckon on the continuance of the old system of poor
laws, when it was found necessary to amend it.
But we deny the existence of any such compact rs
the West Indians contend for. Certainly in 1833, the
people of England gave the slave-owners twenty mil-
lions: of money, and undertook the charge of adminis-
tering justice to the slaves in spite of their masters ;
but it entered into no compact with the slave-owners to force
the apprentices to be obedient to them up to 1840. If any
such compact had been entered into, it was by its own vicious
nature as regards the negro, void ce, initio, and it is the duty'of
the nation to stand aloof from fulfilling such compact when-
ever it becomes aware, as at present, that toe compact is im-
moral. There was indeed, which is what we suppose is
really meant by a compact, a sort of compromii,e and
understanding between the different parties and individuals who
were then in the House of Commons, but those compromises
and understandings among contending parties are no more
binding on the nation than the party agreements of the Carlton
Club oe Lichfield House. Even if they were binding on the in-
dividnals who entered into them at the time, they arc not bind-
ing now, for five years makes a great alteration in society.
The Parliament.try Reform which was so highly prized in
1831, is now found to be much below the wants of the
nation, and the mode of adjusting the Irish tithe question
which the Tories would have spurned in 1830, they would now
gladly secure, while they are not able to get it. Such is now
the rapid progress of seciety, that five or six years is sufficient
to set aside all the compromises and compacts of parties, and
makes that which was an acceptable arrangement in 1833, in-
tolerable in 1838.

By consulting Lord STANLEY'S speech when he introduced
the negro apprentice scheme in 1833, it will be apparent to
every man that no idea of a compact entered into the Noble
Lord's plan. Ile began by declaring that the House tvis
called on " to legislate between conflicting parties," he re-
ferred to the demands of the people, ‘• founded on a sincere
religious conviction, expressed in a vt,ice so potential that no
Minister could venture to disregard it." He sheaved thz,t
complete abolition was always looked to by the Rdvocates of
the suppression of the slave trade, he referred to the many op-
portunities the slave-owners had had to carry into, eff.et the
wishes of Parliament, he emphatically dec'ared that the
"tongue of honest and • affectionate counsel had been disre-
garded," and recommended the Houses to legidate,
not to enter into a treaty, expressly on the priaciple
that the planters were not to be trusted, and that their
legislation was to be overruled. D:d the Nuble Lord then
propose the apprenticeship scheme for the advan'age of the
the planter? Quite the contrary—His words were—
" To throw the stave suddenly into freedom, would be to destroy all
his inciin.lions to industry; it would be exposing, kin: to the temptation
of recurring to his primitive habits of savage life, fimn which he has
lately been reclaimed. There fore, some restriction is necessary for a
time, bath for the mater and fir the good of the slave ti...selves."
Lord STANLEY proposed the apprenticeship scheme with a
view to prepare the slaves for freedom. He mistrusted the
master, and he mistrusted the negroes. The mistrust of the
former has been amply justified since 1833, and his mistrust of the
latter demonstrated to be au error. The former have since 1833,
as before, refused to listen to " thc voice of warning." The letter
have shown themselves it for freedern, and the additional expe-
rience obtai,:ed since 1833 will justify Lord STANLEY, on the
princilles, he then adopted, in now voting for the immediate
abolition of negro apprenticeship. In fact, after reading his
sonech of May of tha year, IV-, should be surdriz it' 1:e
sere no, zealously to support the law he was then instru-
mental its passing. Ministers arc [heel', we are afr,id, to
have a complete monopoly of the discredit of solidly setting
themselves up iu oppoFitioa to the righteous wishes of the moss
enlightened and humane prtion of the community, cumin ising
nearly all their own friends.

We may add, that the excellent reasong which the aboli-
tioniits assign in their advertisement of this day, for bringing
fGrward Sir EANDLEY motion, make it highly pro_
batdc that the Ministers will be defeated to-night. They wil
in that case assail their friends, and serve the cause a the To-
withoutthe power of prolonging the slavery of the negroes
and the tyranny of the planters.

We understand that the Negro Emancipation Committee
are very sanguine of obtaining a Mijority this evening ; but
should they fail, it is their intention immediately to promote
petitions to the Legislature fro n all parts of tile empire, for
the removal of the hmnties on the export of supr ; the op e_
ration of which occasions an cx.tra price to be paid by the
home consumer of nearly twopence per pound, or about three
millions sterling per annum. The following arc the remarks
of the Morning herald on this subject :

" In a few days we hope to be able to Liy before our readers some facts
connected With the supply of colonial sugar for domestic consumption,
proving that the public pay an exorbitant:y high price, makingadifl'e-
rcnee of nearly twopence per pound, or about three millions sterling per
annum. This arises out of the existing system of granting bounties
upon the exported surplus, which has the effect of preventing the falling
of the price to its natural level; or, in other words, to the level to which
competition would naturally reduce the price of the article. In the East
Indies there exist the means of producing a supply of sugar, raised by
free labour, sufficient for the consumption of all Europe, at a Price
much inferior to that which it costs when raised by slave labour. Thus
This f
of countrythe is
mastersta.rt•d of in the
slaveo
apprentices."
ihcer
..,emillions annually, for the
benefit
Th

le speech of the Bishop of NORWICU, in reply to that o
he Bishop of EXETER, cn the SrStern of national education in
Ireland, produced a strong feeling in the house of Lords on
Fliday night. It could hardly be otherwise. The superiority
of tattli to falsehood, and of toleration to persecution, could
not fail to make an impression on every mind not obscured by
political and religious fanaticism. The mild language in
Which Bishop STANLEY reproved the fastidious pamphleteer,
and the sovereign remedy for healing religious differences
with which he concluded his speech, were such as become a
Christian Bishop, and only excite a regret that so few of that
clAss follow his example. " If," said he, "we could not
compel the Catholics to read the Bible, let us show by our
conciliatory spirit, by our charity, by our Protestant Chris-
tianity, that we read that Bible, and that we practise its pre-
cepts, and upon these data, and these solely, with the Bible in
our hands, let us 3trach forth the right hand of fellowship to
the Catholic." Not so the Bishop of EXETER, or the pious
and charitable Bishop of LONDON, who supported the resolu-
tions. They would give the Irish education only in a way in
which they know it would not be accepted—in other words, no
education at all.

We have not yet learned the result of the conference between
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER and the deputation from
the town of Drogheda, respecting the renewal of the Bank of
Ireland Charter. It is, however, quite certain that if the
people who are' the vicjims of this monopoly, and who happen
at the same time to be among the most patriotic and indel een-
dent in Ireland, bestir themselves as the case requires, and
instruct their representatives to do the same, they
will obtain
complete justice. Mr. O'CONNILL very felieitoutly, the
other day at the meeting of the National Bank of Ireland pro-
prietary, described the evils arising from the privileges con-
ferred upon the Bank of Ireland, and with much humour, re-
lated how the large commercial town of Newry escaped the
grasp
banking, in
again
consequenceJ
of a
pounced upon
and de npfriv dno
opfo aly free-trade for
a sn
2 in n'
new line of road vihich
brought it within the fifty mile eire.
mensc
" Can such things be,
And o'ercome us like a summer cloud,
Without our special wonder ?" _

The unanimity which exists between the banks of England
and Ireland is not more complete than baneful to the best in
terests of the' Irish people. It will be scarcely believed
gentry,
money
a few days ago, refusad to
ftAheaituttha
tee Bankth
e sm
ofa n Englandisplea that the
Bank of Ireland folk had requested them not to afford the least
accommodation to Joint-Stock Banks. Upon the other hand
transmission
of upon the
the Bank of Ireland refuses to take Bank of England notes
in payment of bills except at an enormous of discount, so
that if a pressure came to-morrow, a Joint Stock Bank, with
150,0001. Bank of England Notes, might be obliged to suspend
-ent 111 We fearlessly ask, is this a state of things that
pan.
- - —rnetuated by a reforming Government, by a Go-
should be p. . Lolds office mainly in consideration of its
vernment which .. --,e the social condition of Ireland?
avowed disposition to impr.. '4 that adroiniatration be,
Certainly not, and infatuated w(A.,,_
. is to be added to
which would allow the continuation of i 1 j
-t the 1
its other errors. We, however, cannoti" .4..
t
Irish people ; we have fought many 1b:a1K"474 9 °'l".
and are ready to combat •• h b - • :ttle for their righis, I
vk it t tin, la ov,‘ t, :
...rt“row,ng a moue,:
I

poly which, viewed either in a commercial or political point
of view: is ly,th absurd and unjust. Let the Irish Members
Lut imitate their Scotch brethren, and buckle cn their armour,
and victory will crown their ef!hrts. Let-but ten honeqre-
prcsot,tativcs of the people—we sly but ten—coalesce, and their
of j, is achieved.

The • arrival of the Great Western in Kingroad, is pro-
perly regarded by the people of Bristol as an important event.

The j•ty end p7easure (says the Bristol Mirror) announced by all
classes upon her arrival, have beets unequalled in this citrfor many years;
they almost stand upon a level with tier tidings f. om the Nile, Trafalgar
Bay, and the pains of Waterloo.
The good feelings which were expressed by the inhabitants
of New York on the arrival of the Great Western at that
city, arc also properly appreciated by the Bristolians, who
seem anxious to strengthen the bonds of brotherly. attachment
which have now been renewed :
It is really a very plea,ing feature its the matter (says the Mirror) to
learn the cordiality and good feeling with which the Bristolians have
Leon receivt cl at New York. " Are we Oct •brothers (they exclaimed) ?
Are we not sprung from the same Mother ? not Bristol send Se.
bastian Cabot to our country ? Let us then join hand in hard, and be
steadfast in our _present endeavours to serve each other, and draw yet
closer the tie of brotherhood."

Let us, then, grasp instantly at this mutual advantage; the prospect
is brilliant and unclouded by a single spot.
" We, therefore," it adds, " repeat that a single day should not
be permitted topass without the Directors of the- Greet Western Stzam
Ship Company making arrangements for a meeting, so that the inha-
bitants of New York may have conveyed to them, on the sailing of the
Great Western, the intentions of Vie Bli,tolians to afford all the facili-
ties in their power for a constant and mutual intercourse; acemapanicd
with a public vote of thanks for the reception they gave to the Greet
Western, and their hospitality to her Captain and crew ; and also an
expressiop of the ardent wishz,s of the citizens of Bristol fur the per-
manency of the mutually advantageous and friendly intercourse that
had been so auspiciously and cordially commenced."

We hope that this recommendation will be acted on, and that
the inhaiiirants of New Yolk will be solemnly assured that
the people of this country fully share their wish to draw closer
the tics of friendship.

Want of space prevented our sooner giving the I;st of the
division on the case of the Danish claimants, which will now
be found in another part of our paper. We sincerely trust
that the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER will now see the
propriety, as well as the justice, of giving tbo necessary
dircctibns for compensating the sufferers in accordance with
the decision of Parliament in their favour. Indeed, it all
along appeared to us so monstrous to grant compensation-for
a portion of a cargb just landed, and to refuse it for the other
portion of that cargo which remained in the ship, and for
the ship itself, that we arc surprised how the Government
could have brought forward the vague and untenable argu-
ments with which they attempted to resist these just
claims, the granting of which cannot form an inconve-
nient precedent, as it was a case which never occurred
before, and we trust will never occur again. It would
be the height of cruelty for Government to appropriate the
large proceeds of the Danish property at the expence of inno-
cent individuals.

In the list of the majority we miss the names qi many Mem-
bers representing the great commercial interests of this country,
who ought to have suppOrted this motion; and we lament to
sea the desertion of others, who in truckling to Ministers for
their own selfish interests, abandon the duty they owe to their
constituents and to the country at large.

The Spanish Government have appointed Commissioners to
consider any offers that may be made at Paris for raising the
I )an of five ;millions sterling, sanctioned by the Cortes, and
strorg hopes are entertained that the negociations with
AGUADO will be successful. Their organs and friends are
eloquent on the advantages of a loan with this individual, says
the Correspondent of a Morning„Paper. No doubt they are,
and Would be equally eloquent on the advantages of a loan
with any individual, and on any terms. All that these organs
and friends look to is. the money. They arc not nice or acru-
puloua about the terms —they will become bound to repay
twenty mllions for the loan of five, and will pledge, in addition
to their word of honour, the mines of Almaden, the revenues
of Cuba, the' Church lands—any property, in fact, on which
Spain has any claim, or any pretence for a claim. The people
of this country,' however, have been too often deceived by
Spain and the hopeful children of the mother country in
America, to trust for a tenth time to any promise or any engage-
ment into which any of the family may enter. They are all
creditors of England, and not one of them is able, or we should
rather say disposed, to pay either principal or interest,
,Some of
them, we believe, could pay ;. but they prefer spending what
revenue they have in quarrels with each other, as in the case
of Chili and Peru; and Mexico, with inexhaustible resources,
after haying worn out her strength in domestic feuds and revo-
lu.ions, madly provokes the hostility of France and the United
St rtes at the same time: The bonds of all these countries are
ar.vcnty-file per cent, below par; those of Spain arc still lower—
sils, pars no interest—the debt she has contracted she will
never pay, and yet she has the effrontery to appoint Commis-
sio-lcrs to contract more, do security•which is either mortgaged,
or may be cancelled by a new Government, or on revenues of
i-lands tibia, in all prob.:Why, will soon throw off their alle-
ginee, like the rest, of the Spanish Colonies. The money,
too, that may he raised is not to be expended in relieving
plundered bondholders in this country, or the starving officers
and soldiers of the British Legion, to whom Spain owes to
much ; 'but is to be set apart for the Spanish armies, or rather
distributed among the chief officers, and the " friends and
organs" of the present Government. The people of England
are not so mad as to encourage such a wild speculation, and
without their assistance M. AGUADO or M. LAFITTE may'
give up the attempt. Were there any prospect that it would
be expended fairly, or put an end to the war, there might be
some grounds for the scheme--but the one is just as likely as
the other. We would say, "let Well alone." The Christioos
evidently fight best in poverty. The cause of the Liberals is
more hopeful now than when they were assisted by the Legion,
or bad more resources at 'command, and if five millions sterling
were thrown in amongst them, they would, true to the national
character, only quarrel about the division of the plunder. A
curse seems to rest on the whole race ever since the days of
CORTEZ and PIZARRO. •

•
Letters and Papers from Madrid of the 19th instant have
reached us this morning. The QUEEN bad offered the Grand
Cross of CIIARLES 111. to Sir GEORGE VILLIERS, as a mark
of her MAJESTY'S esteem and the nation's gratitude for the im-
portant services which be bad rendered to the Constitutional
cause during his residence as British Minister at the Court of
Madrid; but the honour was declined, •it being prohibited to
British Ambassadors to accept any such mark of distinction
from Foreign Powers, unless engaged in military operations.
The Lian Committee has already reported against the pro-
posals of the houses of SAFONT and LAFITTE. It 'teas ru-
moured in Madrid that M. SAFONT was drawing up other pro-
posals to submit to the Committee, in order, if possible, to
have the contract bestowed upon him in preference to AGUADO,
in whose favour several of the Members were thought to be
strongly prejudiced.
What other news we have from Spain=exclusive of the tele-
graphic dispatch copied from the Moniteur in our French ar-
ticle—is summed up in the following extract from a letter of'
the 19th instant from Madrid, published by a Morning Con-
temporary
" The week just ended has been unusually deficient of topics of inte-
rest. In war and polities there fins been almost a complete calm. The
Carlisti alone have made a small venture. Taking advantage of the
absence of Espartero's troops from the neighbourhood of Miranda they
attacked the small and weak fort of Nonclares, on the road to Vittoria,
and succeeded with the assistance of six battalions and.some heavy artil-
lei yto take the garrison, consisting of a hundred men, prisoners. Find-
ing ;Espalier° approaching they immediately decamped, proceeding to
Estel:a, to assist in putting down the popular and military disturbances
which are said to have broken out there anew and with increased vio-
lence. Eipartein, on arriving, took possession of the fort again; but
finding the position a bad one, and hard to defended—yet necessary to
the preservation of the line of road between Vittoria and Miranda—he
gave directions to have the fort erected in a position less exposed to the
attacks of the enemy, and equally avail,ble for the preservation of the
road between these points. Having left the work in progress, and sulfi-
de:it troops to protect the labourers in their operations, he returned the
next day towards Logrono, with a view, no doubt, of observing the
proceedings now going en in the town of Estella. The division of the
Ilib ra, or of General Leon, continued at Lodosa, to protect the repairs
of the briege going on there, and which had been recently much da-
maged by the floods of the Ebro."

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday have all been
received. The trial of HUBERT and his accomplices ter-
minated on Friday. HUBERT was acquitted of the crime of
conspiring to kill the KING, but found guilty of plotting the
destruction of the Government, followed by overt acts in-
tcmded to carry such a plot into execution. He was sentenced
to deportation, or imprisonment for life. Mdlle. GROUYELLE,
STetinte, and ANNAT, were sentenced to five years' imprison-
rnent far simple participation in HUBERT'S crime ; and for a
like offence, under what the Court regarded as extenuating
circumstances, GIRAUD was sentenced to be imprisoned for
three .years. LEPROUX, VAQUELIN, and VALENTIN were
acquitted. From the reports of the judicial proceedings
during the whole of this trial, given in the French Journals,
we cannot imagine a greater burlesque upon the decorum of a
British Court of Justice than it must have presented. it
would be too extravagant for a farcical representation of
justice in England. On entering the Court each day
M. FAVRET, Mdlle. GROUVELLE'S Counsel, devoutly kissed
her hand in the presence of the audience, and each of the
other prisoners received a fraternal hug from their
respective advocates. The Judges entered into long
political discussions with the accused, and only in-
voked the authority of, their office when worsted in argu-
ment. Nor was the last act of this ridiculous melodraree
less absurd than any which preceded it. On hearing the
sentence of the Jury HUBERT drew a knife and attempted to
stab himself, but was prevented by the police. He then, in a
voice choked with rage, vowed that the bloOd of MOREY should
be revenged; called the Jury a pack of vile knives and mur-
derers, whom lie wished to cover with his blood ; and declared
Mdlle. GNOUVELLE both innocent and an angel. In the mean-
tine all was uproar in the Culla. The mob shouted for
—7, and it required the presence of a large body of
order, by during. the ball. However, by

troop tq
