WESTMINSTER REFORM SOCIETY.

Stan:lard's Hotel, Charles-street, Covent-garden, Jan. 1838.
The Committee of the Westminster Reform Society
have now the pleasure to discharge the duty of reporting
to the members at large an account of operations for the
year 1867.
In the early part of the year the Society commenced
their labours by considering the important question of the
Ballot, then about to be brought forward in the House of
Commons by Mr. Grote. It was intended to have sup•
ported that g,eetleman's motion by calling a public meeting
at the Crown and Anchor Tavern ; but it was found im-
practable to hold such meeting upon the Ballot alone, un-
connected with an extension of the Suffrage, and Short
Parliaments. This proves the expansion of public opinion
for the simultaneous adoption of those important measures.
It will be in the recollection of the members that in
the beginning of March the first steps were taken (not by
this Society) to unseat Sir Francis Burdett from the re-
presentation. The Society were not ind4erent observers
of this operation ; they considered that it was necessary
for the honour of this great city that the successor to Sir
Francis I3urdett should be a Radical Reformer, untainted
by an alliance with faction. They therefore laboured to
this end ; but finding that it was intended to Whigize this
seat of patriotism, they introduced Mr. Leader to the
electors at the meeting in Covent-garden, on the 24th of
April. The contest which immediately ensued with Sir
Francis Burdett occupied the Society (including the settle-
ment of accounts), until the end of June, when the death
of the late King occasioned another election, which fur-
nished ample and active employment to the Society for a
considerable period. The result of this election restored
Westminster to the elevated position which she formerly
occupied.
If there should he again found a dereliction of duty in
the Representatives, the Electors of Westminster will
rally round the principles advoetted by them for the last
thirty years, by returning men who will act in conformity
with the opinions of their constituents.
The important subject of the Registration of Parlia-
mentary Electors was not overlooked even during the
anxieties of a contested election, which was no sooner ter-
minated than several members of the Society adopted
prompt and energetic measures to support a multitude of
electors in the Revising Barristers' Courts, by which means
were sustained the votes of four hundred and forty
Reformers.
The Committee cannot omit this opportunity of urging
the importance of the right, as decided at the last Re-
gistration for Westminster, of Lodgers to the Parlia-
mentary Franchise, who use a part of their premises, even
an attic,kitchen, or cellar, as a shop, workshop, ware-house,
store-room, or counting-house, if worth 4s. weekly, or
101. per year. Any lodger who pays this amount of rent
is also entitled to vote, if his landlord do not sleep on the
premises. It is only necessary in all these cases that the
lodger should require one of the Overseers to put his name
on the Poor-rate book, and any payment afterwards made
by him may be deducted from the rent, as the landlord
will, in consequence of such claim, pay proportionably
less. It was also found that many votes were lost by
reason of the non-payment by she 20th of July of the Poor-
rate and window-tax, due on the sth of April, every
elector should therefore be diligent to avoid such dis-
franchisement, not only of himself, but also his friends.
Scot and lot voters should pay on the 31st of July all
arrears of Poor-rate due on that day.
The declaration of Lord John Russell against an ex-
tension of the Suffrage, the Ballot, and Triennial Parlia-
ments, caused great astonishment to thousands, who had
placed confidence in the professed disposition of the present
Ministers to perfect the Reform Act, according to its
spirit ; such declaration was not, however unlooked for by
this Society, who had particularly observed the conduct of
Ministers, in opposing all measures for securing a popular
controul over the people's own affairs.
Here the Whigs have exhibited as great a dislike to the
rights and interests of the rate-payers as the Tories have
ever evinced. Ministers have demonstrated a disposition
to amalgamate with the Tories rather than honestly declare
for an extension of the Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and short
Parliaments, which would render corruption, Intimidation,
extravagance, and irresponsible power, mere matters of
his-
tory. Ministers have shown themselves to be fit instru-
ments of oligarchical misrule, interested in sinecures, pen-
sions, extravagant expenditure, end aristocratical dominion.
There is now exhibiting a dishonourable contention by two
contending parties, attempting to make the people enlist
into the ranks of one or other of the rival factions, whilst
the true interests of this great commercial, manufacturing,
and agricultural nation, are sacrificed by the contest thus
created and fostered for party purposes.
In consequence of the declaration thus mischievously
made, the Society Convened a public meeting of the Elec-
tors on the 4th of teeember, when, as in former times, an
unanimous vote in favour of an extension of the Suffrage,
Vote by Ballot, and Short Parliaments, was recorded by
the people of Westminster, who are now at issue upon
these subjects with the present Ministers, as they were
with the Tories, previously to the passing of the Reform
Bill.
In order to increase the efficiency of this Society, and
thereby as well to promote the Registration of persons en-
titled to the elective franchise, as to uphold the advocacy
of the further Reforms which the Electors of Westminster
have ever supported, the Committee earnestly call upon
the Members to urge their friends, and all the supporters
of good and peaceful Government, to enrol themselves
among the numbers already belonging to the Westminster
Reform Society.
By Order of the Comraittee,
W. WEST, Hon. Sec.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL' S--YRSTIIIIDA r.
Tll. DERRY.

The Derby favourites are every day getting closer together,
insomuch that at the present moment three stand at 11 to 1
each, and the fourth at only 12 to 1. Which has the call it
is difficult to say, but it is clear that, if not a better, Grey
Mornus is as great a favourite as either. Young Rowton is
still in much favour, and some tolerably competent judges do
Lot hesitate to predict that he will join the front rank Worn
the month is over. Beyond a slight improvement in Quo
Minus there was no other change. A very dull afternoon
closed as follows
11 to 1 apt Lord G. Bentinck's Grey Momus
11 to 1 agst Mr. Armitage's Nonplus colt
11 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Cobweb colt
12 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinek's D'Egville
15 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's lon
16 to 1 agst Mr. Bland's Young Rowton
18 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird
25 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Richard Roe
25 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Bamboo
35 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Bretby
40 to 1 agst Mr. Ford's Quo Minus
50 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Tranby's dam colt—taken
1000 to 10 agst Mr. Bowes's Brother to Aleppo
2000 to 20 agst Mr. Tarleton's Blaise
600 to 50 each agst Grey Momus and D'Egvillein
one bet, and
250 to 200 on Dormouse agst Cracker.

Tllll OAKS.
14 to 1 agst Lord Berners' filly—take 16 to 1

LATEST BETTING AT M!INCIIESTER.
CHESTER TRADE rAjp.
19 to 2 agst Mr. Mostyn's Birdli'.ne—taken
10 to 1 agst General Yates's :'.,ylvan—taken
11 to I agst Mr. Robinson'', Whaler—offered
12 to 1 agst Mr. Fairlie'd Zohrab
13 to 1 agst Mr. Price's Wentworth—taken
100 to 7 agst Mr. Fowler's Mersey—taken
100 to 8 agst Mr. Cla,ike's Magieian—taken
100 to 6 agst Mr. liontdsworth's Combat
100 to 5 agst Mr. 'Barrow's Catherina—offered
100 to 5 agst Mr. Bowes's Lord Stafford—taken

LIVERPOOL CRAVEN MEETING. MAY 16.
The Tradesmen's Cup, value 100 sous. in specie, added to a Han-
dicap Stakes of 20 sous. each, h. ft., and 5 only if declared before
the Ist of March. The second horse to receive 50 sous. out of
the Stakes. Two miles over Aintree Course.
Birdlime, aged, 9st. 71b ; Despot, aged, 9st. llb ; Jupiter, 6 yrs,
Bst. 1 olb ; The Doctor, 4 yrs, Bst. 71h ; Abraham Newland, 4 yrs,
Bst. 71b ; Galewood, 5 yrs, Bst. 7113.; Zohrab, aged, Bst. 61b ; Heron,
5 yrs, Bst. 31b ; Chit Chat, 4 yrs, Bst ; Combat, 4 yrs, 7st. 131 b ;
Fusileer, 5 yrs, 7st. 101 b; Lord Stafford. 4 yrs, 7st. 101 b; Mersey,
5 yes, 7st. 71b ; Recluse, 4 yrs, 7st. 71b ; Miss Bowe, 4 yrs, 7st. 61b ;
Dirrnid, 4 yrs, ist. 41b ; St. Bennett, 4 yrs, ist. 41b ; Brother to
Van, 4 yrs, 7st. 21b; Parolles, 4 yrs, 7st. 21b; Calendar, 4 yrs,
7st. Ilb ; Argante, 4 yrs, 6st. 91b.

SWITZERLAND.

(From the Heketie of Jan. 23.)
An attempt to set the theatre of Zurich on fire in file night
of the 17th was fortunately prevented by the polic. , and the
suspected incendiaries handed over to the triburwls.
Tie' number of travellers inscribed in 1437 at the Post-office
at Zurich amounted to 43,887, or 4,039 more than in 1886.
The movement of the population of the canton of Solcure
offered last year the following results :—The number of births
was 1,901, and that of deaths 1,340; the former exceeding
the latter by 561. 103 infants died the day of their birth,
101 during the first month, and 188 in the first year. 176
persons died between the age of 60 and 70, 165 between 70
and 80, and 58 at 80 and above that age.
The births in the Cantor, of Lucerne during 1836 amounted
to 3,928, of whom 2,036 were males and 1,892 females. la
this number were 241 natural children, 80 twins, and 6 treble
partnritions. The deaths amounted to 2,683, of whom 1,380
were males and 1,3`,)11 kin Ales; the increase in the opulation
p
was consequeriay 1,245 souls. 1,127 children died befor
their fir'.; communion. The number of individuals who live°
between 60 and 80 was 630 ; to between 80 and 90, 119.;
and to between 90 and 100, 9. 775 marriages took place la
that year.
Last year the tax on fortunes in the canton of Zurich pro-
duced 229,8071., that on trades 36,910 f., and that on inn.
106,205 f.: in all. 372,922 f. The receipts of the canton 0.1
Geneva exceeded the expenditure in 1836 by a sum of 650,083
florins.

PRIVATE BUSINESS OF PARLIA-
MENT,
FROM THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE SESSION
1837.-1838 TO THE Ist FEBRUARY, 1838.

SELECT COMMITTEE on all PETITIONS of PRI
VATE BILLS, APPOINTED 22d Nov , 1837.
Mr. SHAW LEFEVRE, Chairman.
Aglionhy, 11. A Dunlop, J. ' :o*Conms Don
Raines, E. ' Eastno:, Viscount Pahner It.
Baring W. /1, Egerton, W.TJo
seph
Bell, Prase,
Bell,Matthew Gordon, Hou. W. Phillips, G.
Hewes, T. Greene, T. Vaulter, J. S.
13nun,ton, T. ‘V, Hall, D. Sanford, E. A.
tuner, Sir J. V. Handley, H. Stansfleld, W. 11. C
Cavetirtish, HMI, G. Hodges, T. 1., Strutt, Edward
Chalther, P. I,opc, flop. ..1, Stuart, W. Vi Tiers
Clive, E. Jones, T. St le, Sir T. C.
Campton, H. C. Johnstone, Hop e Verney, Sir X.
Craig, V. Gibson Mildmay, P. St. J. Wodehouse, Hon. E.
Clements, Lord O'Connell, M. J. Worsley, Lord
Crawford, W. Wrightson, W. 13.

PETITIONS AND BILLS FOR RAILWAYS.
NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE AND CARLISLE RAILWAY, Peti-
tion for Bill, Dcc. 4, referred to the Select Committee
on Petitions for Bills.
CHELTENHAM AND GREAT WESTERN UNION RAILWAY,
Petition for Bill, Dee. 15, referred. Petition of Colonel
Cotter, complaining of non-compliance with Standing
Orders, Jan. 29, referred.
LONDON AND GREENWICH RAILWAY, Petition for Bill,
Dec. 11, referred.
LONDON AND CROYDON RAILWAY, No. 1, Petition for
Bill, Dec. 22, referred.
LONDON AND CROYDON RAILWAY, No. 2, Petition for
Bill, Dec. 22, referred.
BRANDLING JUNCTION RAILWAY, Petition for Bill, Jan.
16, referred.
EASTERN COUNTIES RAILWAY, Petition for Bill, Jan. 28,
referred. Petition of David Rowland against, for non-
compliance with Standing Orders, Jan. 29, referred.
EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW RAILWAY, Petition for Bill,
Jan. 28,
PETITIONS AND BILLS CONNECTED WITH
CANALS, HARBOURS, AND NAVIGATION.
LONDONDERRY BRIDGE AND ACTS AMENDMENT, peti-
tion for Bill, Nov. 27 ; referred.
THAMES IMPROVEMENT COMPANY AND DRAINAGE
MANURE ASSOCIATION, petition for Bill, Dec. 4 ; re-.
ferred.
SALTASH FLOATING BRIDGE, petition for Bill, Dec. 14 ;
referred.
PAINGTON (Devon) HARBOUR Bill, read first time Dec.
22, second time Jan. 16 ; committed.
RIBBLE NAVIGATION, petition for Bill, Jan. 16 ; referred ;
petition of OWEN T. ALGER against, for non-compliance
with standing orders ; referred.
MONTGOMERYSHIRE WESTERN BRANCH CANAL, petition
for Bill, Jan. 16 ; reforred.
MANCHESTER, BOLTON, AND BURY CANAL, petition for
Bill, Jan. 23 ; referred.
TENBY IMPROVEMENT AND HARBOUR, petition for Bill,
Jan. 23 ; referred.
PETITIONS AND BILLS FOR ROADS AND AGRI-
CULTURAL IMPROVEMENTS.
CAMBRIDGE AND NEWMARKET HEATH ROAD, petition
for Bill Nov. 21 ; referred. Bill read a first time
Dec. 8.
WARMINSTER AND FROME ROAD, petition for Bill Nov.
21 ; referred.
SOUTH HOLLAND DRAINAGE, petition for Bill Nov. 23 ;
referred.
RAMSAY AND CHATTERIS ROAD, petition for Bill, Nov.
24 ; referred.
CAMBRIDGE AND ARRINGTON BRIDGE ROAD, petition for
Bill Nov. 28 ; referred.
TOWCESTER AND HARDINGSTON ROAD, petition for Bill
Dec. 14 ; referred.
WIBSEY AND HUDDERSFIELD ROAD, petition for Bill
Dec. 21 ; referred.
TORQUAY ROADS, petition for Bill Jan. 16 ; referred.
Petition of Samuel Deady against, for non-compliance
with Standing Orders.
ELLESMERE Roans, petition for Bill Jan. 29; referred.
DEE BRIDGE ROAD, petition for Bill Jan. 29 ; referred.
PETITIONS AND BILLS FOR INCLOSURES.
HORSELEY AND WOOTTEN (Staffordshire), Petition for
Bill, Nov. 24, referred.
CHESTERTON (Cambridgeshire), Petition for Bill, Nov.
28, referred.
SWANESEY (Cambridgesbire),:Petition for Bill, N0v.28,
referred.
LINTON (Cambridgeshire), Petition for Bill, Nov. 28,
referred.
SUTTON (Cambridgeshire), Petition for Bill, Nov. 30,
referred.
WITCHAN (Cambridgeshire), Petition for Bill, Dec. 4,
referred.

QUADGLEY (Gloucestershire), Petition for Bill, Dec. 18,
referred.
BRATTON FLEMING (Devonshire), Bill read first time
Dec. 21.
OGLEY HEY (Staffordshire), Bill read a first time Jan. 16.
HELSINGTON (Westmorland), Petition for Bill, Jan. 25,
referred.
P ALTIAN (Norfolk), Petition for Bill, Jan. 26, ref,Tred.
MISCELLANEOUS PETITIONS AND BILLS.
OAKHAM, &c., SMALL DEBTS, Bill read Ist time Dec. 11.
FINSBURY SMALL DEBTS, Bill lead Ist time Dec. 23.
ASHBY-DE-LA-ZOUCII SMALL DEBTS, Bill read Ist time
Jan. 23.
TENBY SMALL DEBTS, Petition for Bill Jan. 16, referred.
BRECON MARKET, Bill read Ist time Jan. 26.
EXMOUTH MARKET, Bill read Ist time Jan. 29.
WALSALL MARKET, Petition for Bill Jan. 22, referred.
PADDINGTON ESTATES, Petition for Bill Nov. 29, referred.
MARGATE IMPROVEMENT, Petition for Bill Nov. 24, re-

ferred.
„LIE Cuuncir, Petition for Bill Dec. 7, referred.
LOWER BEEDING CHURCH, Petition for Bill Dec. 7, re-
ferred.
MILTON NEXT SITTINGBOURNE IMPROVEMENT (for paving
lighting, cleansing, and watching) Bill read Ist time Dec.
18 ; 2d time Jan. 16.
NECROPOLIS CEMETERY, Petition for Bill Dec. 14, re-
ferred.
ANTI DRY-ROT COMPANY, Petition for Bill, Dec. 7, re-
ferred.
It.AvEsEND PIER, Petition for Bill, Jan. 25, referred.
HEREFORD IMPROVEMENT, Petition for Bill, Jan. 22, re-
ferred.
LEOMINSTER PAVING AND IMPROVING ACT AMEND-
MENT, Petition for Bill Jan. 23, referred.
'VrtLFAST WATERWORKS, Petition for Bill Dec. 21, referred.
"LOTTING-HILL FOOTWAY, Petition for Bill Jan. 25, re-
ferred.
10,MBERS ELIGIBLE T

FOR THE COU
Ainsworth, P.—Bolton
Al,ager, Captain—Surrey
Alston Rowland—Hertfortbhire
Arbuthnot, Gen.—Kincardineshire
Atwood, W.—Grcenwich
llaring) F. Thornhill—Portsmouth
Barnard E. G.—Greenwich
Barre, G. S.—Cork Co.
Rateson, Sir R.—ndnderry
1101) Matthew—S. Lo
Nor othumberland
Rentinck, Lord W —Glasgow
Bernal, Ralph—Rochester
iliackett, C.—S. Northumberland
Blackstone, W. S.—Wallingford
Rolder°, Henry G.—Chippenham
lling, W.—Bolton
Il rthrabazon wick
S,
ir W Peter—Evesham
, illiam—Maro Co.
Bradshaw, James—Canterbury
14anaston, T. \V.—Essex South
Browne, R. D..._Majlo
, ese.
,„'"Yrig. Geoe—
antilupe Vrg iscoAuinidt--Helston
Carnae, Sir James R —Sandwich
''..arter J. B.—P rm ortsuh
eaNendishAtlon. C.—East Sussex
Con
Hamlets
Ccoany ;nW.—
,hanr Lord A.—Canterbury
Hon. W. F.—Hertford
Crawtord, W.—London
t.ri Ps, Joseph—Cirencester
.Jalryinple, Sir A.—Brighton
jr:aril George—East Sussex
4,eniso'n, W. J.—West Surrey
Peniston, J.—Glasgow
4-''EYncourt, Right Hon. C. T.—
,rst abetb
'"e Horn rsey S. H.—Newcastle-under.
Lyme. • '
Psi -
''aelit B.—Maidstone
Qtfiinalon Ivett, Edwntard—E
—Mxedter
ttfor, Vlscount—Reigate
tVrot, Hon. J. C.—Roxburglishire
vans, W. Lacy_WeArninsto
I'll('Wes Edw.—Huntingdonshire
~..ittalan; Lord—Arundel
POtiiiblion, Hon. R.—Limerick
F° et, Sir W \V.—Exeter
tb_rt,
07,trY, Sir William—Kent
GoplbG. J. 11.—Carnarvonshire
iir"!'sorn, Right Hon. H.—Cam-
41Ie University
Viscount—Herefordshirc
'irt,C,,"%.„l), Hon. E. H —St. Albans
ilalcs,„,seorge—L,ndon
Ilardimay y.lebone_
cosier, 'tight Hon. SJ H.—Laura.
Pah,
1). W.—Sou t h war k
BelliaMin—Lanibeth
'&4e) 'r. B.— Rochester

'0 SIT ON COMMITTEES
NTY OF KENT.
!Hodges, T. L.—West Kent
Hope, G. \V.—Weymouth
'Hope, Jamse—Linlithgowsgire
Howick, Lord—N. Northumberland
Hume, Joseph—Kilkenny
Humphery, John—Southwark
Hurst, R. H.—Horsham
Jeplison, D. o.—Mallow
Jones, T.—Londonderry Co.
Kemble,H.—Fast Surrey
Kerrison, Sir E.—Eye
Knatchhull, Sir E.—East Kent
Lascelles, non. W. S —Wakefield
Law, Hon C. E.—Cambridge Univ.
Leader, John T.—Westminster
Lennox, Lord J. G.—West Sussex
Lennox, Lord A.—Chichester
Lewis, Wyndham—Maidstone
Lushington, Dr.—Tower Ham'.
Mahon, Viscount— Hertford
Master, Colonel—Cirencester
Malik, W. H.—Carlow
Melgund, Viscount —Hytlie
Miller, NVin. H.—Newcastle under-
Lyme
Monypenny, T. G.—Rye
Muskett, George A.—St. Alban's
Neeld, Joseph—Chippenham
O'Brien, W. S.—Limerick Co.
Ossulston, Lord—North Northum-
berland
Palmer, George—Essex
Pattison, James—London
Peehell, Captain—Brighton
Perceval, G. J.—West Surrey
Phipps, Mark—Manchestor
Plumptre, John r.—East Kent
Price, Richard—New Radnor
Ramsay, Lord--Haddingtonshire
!reit% Sir J. Rae—Dover
Rice, Edward lloyd —Dover
Roche, E. 13.—Cork Co.
itound, Charles Grey—Essex
Round, John—Maldon
Rushout, George Bowles—Evesham
Sanderson, Richard—Colchester
Smith, J. A.—Chichester
Smith, Abel —Heft fords), ire
Smyth, Sir G. H —Colchester
Spencer, Hon F.—Midhurst
urrey, Earl of—West Sussex
Thomson, Right Hon. C. P. —Man.
chester
Thornhill, Geo.—Huntingdonshire
Froubridge, Sir T. E.—Sandwich
Tyrrell, Sir J. T.—North Essex
Villiers, Viscount—Weymouth
Whalley, Sir S.—Marylebone
winnington, T. E.— Bewdley
Wood, 'l'. J.—Middlesex
,Vood, Sir Matthew—London
WOod, G. W —Kendal

----- = —
tee,s:le death of the gallant Sir Amos Norcott having
INal"ed a vacancy in the command of the southern district,
rid ,
t'nititeds Major-General Sir William Macbean has been ap-
. t- the
I.or_u command.
4t bid
d Abinger has been making great improvements
the Roger Hall, near Dorking. his 'Lordship's youngest son,.
*lier°llll. Campbell Scarlett, has arrived from Rio Janeiro,
Idae was an attache to the British Legation.
„?,,tta°,r-General Clitherow, late of the Scots Fusilier
--Ii th . nas been appointed second general officer in commands
411:11ftacr.)em" in Canada, next to Sir John Colborne. The
' Colds has apponted his son, Captain Clitherow, of
ttilyv. stream G
ithfu_ ,_ . uards, to be his Aide-de. Camp, and embarks
cti r tialifax.
Cent and Countess Sebastiani entertaisied the Earl
of Durham, Earl and Countess of Ta!ik.ervilie,
441 t ii„
4, inei, un. Edward Ellice,
anr, Mr. and Mrs. E. hllice, M.
j tvetOuri and a distinguished party at dinner on Wednes-
[
0, at Manchester douse,

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 2, 1338.

In the House of Loans yesterday, upon Lord BROUGHAM
presenting a petition from Mr. Roebuck, praying that their
Lordships would hear him at their bar against the Canada
Bill, some conversation on the subject arose, in the course of
which a suggestion thrown out by the Earl of ABERDEEN, to
postpone decision upon the matter till the morrow, was adopted.
Lord BrtorcuAlt it will he seen presented several petitions,
amongst which was one from Cupar, against any additional
endowments of the Church to' Scotland. The Noble and
Learned Lord afterwards corrected two misstatements made
by a morning paper: " It had been stated that he bad repre-
sented the measure of 1833, for the abolition cf slavery, as
being an entire failure. Now he never said any such thing
as he had more than once before asserted." His observations
on the Education Bill had also been misrepresented by the
same paper.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, in reply to a question relative
to the burning of the Caroline, American steamer, said that no
official information upon the subject had been received at the
Colonial-office. The House then adjourned.
The House of COMMONS did not meet.

By the arrival of the American ship Roscoe at
Liverpool yesterday, we have received New York
papers of the Bth inst., from which copious interesting
extracts will be found in our columns of to-day.
These Journals do not confirm the report of the cap-
ture of Navy Island ; and, with one exception, they
appear not to credit the rumour that the British at-

tempted to effect a landing upon it previous to the 3d
ult.—the date of the letter from Albany, in which the
statement to that effect first appeared.

It is with pleasure we observe the increased anxiety
of the Government of the United States to preserve a
strict neutrality as regards the civil commotions in the
Canadas. A second proclamation from President
VAN BUREN to the citizens of the States, charging
them on their allegiance to the Constitution to take
❑o part in the civil war on the frontier, will be found
elsewhere in our colum►►s, followed by a Message to
the Senate and the House of Assembly, recommending
the Legislature to examine whether the laws to en-
force neutrality are sufficiently stringent, and if not to
increase their efficacy by severer enactments. Of the
debate which followed the presentation of the Message
in the Senate we have given a summary, to which we
refer our readers, for a satisfactory proof of the good
faith and friendly feeling of that Assembly towards
Great Britain. The New York Inquirer of the Bth
ult., commenting on the cordial reception which the
PRESIDENT'S Message met with in Congress, thus
expresses the opinions of nine-tenths of the American
people upon the same subject

The harmony which prevails in Congress in reference to
the great topics involved in our relations with Great Britain,
augurs well for the early and amicable adjustment of all the
matters in issue. From the tenor of this debate, and from
the letter of our Washington correspondent, under data of the
sth inst., we are convinced that it is the sincere desire of the
Administration and its supporters to preserve our neutralit♦
unimpaired; and though we cannot but regret that a more effi-
cient policy was not earlier adopted, we cannot withhold from
the Government the credit to which it is entitled, for a wel-
come, though tardy interference. A more prompt adoption
of the measures which the exigences of this affair long since
demanded, might have prevented the unfortunate catastrophe
at Schlosser ; and would have found the militia of the fron-

tier disposed to render a more willing acquiescence, and a
more earnest co-operation in the movements of the General
Government.

Nothing could better illustrate the momentous consequences
of this question than the manner in which it has been met in
Congress; and nothing could more pointedly rebuke the in-
considerate and reckless spirit which has sought to enlist our
citizens in the Canadian insurrection. When Mr. Clay and
Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Benton are found on the
floor of the Senate espousing the same cause, advocating the
same principles, sustaining the same policy, we may be well
assured that there can be little doubt among men of discretion
and patriotism in which direction the honour and interests of
the country point. It is to Mr. Calhoun, however, that we
look as the exponent of the views of the Administration on
this subject ; and when we see his declaration that of " all
calamities which could befal the civilized world a war with
Great Britain at this time would be most to be deplored,"
we can have no fears as to the policy and disposition of the
Executive, and no doubt as to the eventual pacific adjustment
of all matters in controversy.
The same feeling, it will be observed from the debater, pre-
vails in the House of Representatives. There is in every
branch of the Government an obvious and just solicitude to
avoid any collision with Great Britain. This, it may be
hoped, with the presence of an officer so vigilant, experienced,
and capable as General Scott—armed, we presume, with an
an authority adequate to any exigency—will insure tranquillity
on the frontier, and prevent any further invasion of our neu-
tral relations, either by our own citizens or the subjects of
Great Britain.

Major-General Scott arrived in this city last night from
Washington, on his wdy to the Niagara frontier, whero his
exalted character and known firmness of purpose cannot fail to
be attended with the happiest effects.
We recognise in these sentiments an earnest and
honest solicitude to preserve the most friendly rela-
tions with this country—relations which we trust the
Governments of England and the United States will
zealously seek to strengthen and consolidate, by acts of
mutual forbearance and concession. In the case of
individual aggressions, the Executive of the State
aggrieved should not be unmindful of the license
enjoyed under a liberal Constitution, and therefore not
pitch the point of reparation beyond the boundary pre-
scribed by the laws and the spirit of national institu-
tions. Neither in England nor America can the Govern.
ment exercise that surveillance over the subject which
exists in Prussia ;and therefore it would be both arbitrary
and unjust to hold the Executive of either country equally
responsible with that despotic Power for a violation of
the law of nations by one or more subjects in a civil
capacity. We care not how many American citizens
may have joined the rebels---we care not what quantity
of supplies have gone from Buffalo to Navy Island—
the conduct of the PRESIDENT and the speeches de-
livered in Congress must convince every impartial
person that the Executive is as strongly opposed as it
can possibly he, to any, and every violation of the
treaties between Great Britain and the States.
Under such circumstances, and knowing that our
Government would regard as a national misfortune a
rupture with the United States, we may safely pre-
dict that the apprehension of a war will prove utteily
unfounded.

As for the rebels, the motnent they cease to be sup-
plied with provisions from the United States, they
must evacuate Navy Island, provided they have not
already been driven from it by the loyalists. The
Island has no resources, either for sustenance or de-
fence, within
itulf ; and, therefore, it will be impossi-
ble for IVPKENztE to keep it, after General SCOTT
has cut off all intercourse between the insurgents and
the citizens of the States. We expect, in a day or
