LATE AND IMPORTANT NEWS

FROM MEXICO.

(From a Second Edition of the Times.

" FALMOUTH, DEC. 2, 10 P.M.
" The Swift packet, Lieutenant Ni elch, so long most
anxiously looked for, arrived this morning from Mexico, har-
ing left Vera Cruz on the 6th, Tampico on the 14th, and the
Havannah on the 27th of October last.

" The most important intelligence brought by this vessel is
confirmatory of the arrival of the French squadron under
Rear- Admiral Baudin, on the 14th of October, off the Ha..
vannah, en voyage, for the coasts, and the next packet
will, no doubt, eommmunicate the result cf the attack ou
the fortress of San Juan de Ulloa, which it was un-
derstood, would be made the moment they had all ar-
rived, being provided with bomb-vessels and other mate-
riel for the operation. Meanwhile, the Mexicans themselves
were neither idle nor lacking spirit, and, beside every prepara-
tion being made for a stout resistance by greatly augmenting

the stock-of provisions and improving the defences to the
most possible capability, loans had been obtaincd (though upon
very ruinous conditions) solely to pay the troops on the
coast. On the other band, the Government, owing to its pe-
cuniary exigencies, and the great curtailment of the revenue,
was in an embarrassed position, and it augured rather badly
for the party in power that they had found themselves under
the necessity of arresting Gomez, Ferias, and several other
Chiefs of the Liberal class. Despatches from France, brought
by the armed store-ship Fortune from Toulon, and under
date to the 28th of July, had reached the commanding offi-
cer, but nothing had been decided as to what further
measures should be adopted with respect to the dif-
ferences in dispute. The French brigs of war, Eclipse and
Laurier, stationed to the northward, had been dismasted in a
gale on the 12th of September, and taken into Sacrificios, but
subsequently reched the Havannah under jury-masts ; in ad-
dition to which casualty, the two frigates Herminie and
Iphi-
genie, the former with Commodore Bazoche and M. Delisle
on board, bad sailed from Sacrificios about the Ist of October,
it was supposed for the Havannah or the neighbourhood, to
cure the great number of sick they had on board, 1,0 that the
efficient force on the coast had been materially reduced.
Only one merchant vessel had lately appeared off Vera
Cruz—the Colombian schooner Constancia, from Jamaica ;
and as she was warned off, it was inferred the French
did not intend capturing neutrals, unless attempting to
break the blockade after they bad been so warned off. An in-
surrection had taken place at Tampico, the military having re-
volted against the Government authorities in consequence of
not obtaining their pay and provisions. This, however, bespoke
little in favour of the French, beyond the injurious
consequences of disunion to the parties themselves ;
for a very strongly patriotic spirit had been spread among
the Mexicans, arising from a belief that the French
Government seriously contemplated placing the young
Prince de Joinville upon the throne of Mexico and
upsetting the Republic. Mr. O'Gorman, the British
Commissioner and Consul-General, embarked on board
at, Sloyi, on the sth of October, under salutes from the
batteries, and was otherwise highly complimented upon his
departure. The Sheldrake packet, from this port, had reached
the Havannah, and proceeded for Vera Cruz ; and the Swift _
met the French squadron between Tampico and the Haven-
nah : they consisted of three sixty-gun frigates, two corvettes,
five brigs of war, two bombs, two steamers, and fourteen store-
ships and armed transports, having on board 2,000 artillery-
men embarked at Toulon. Admiral Baudin's flag was on
board the Nereide. When they were off the Havannah, the
corvette Creole, commanded by the Prince de Joinville, the
Glorie frigate, end the Sarcelle store-ship, were detached for
the city, and arrived in port on the 20th of October, whence
they again weighed on the 27th eodeni, and would be followed
by the Eclipse and Laurier brigs before-mentioned, when re-
fitted. The Swift has brought on freight full 1,250,000
dollars, and 126 serons of cochineal, and has experienced very
dreadful weather the last fourteen days.

" Information has been received hcie by Captain Plumridgc,
of the Iberia steamer, which left this port on the 26th ult.
with the Peninsula mails, having been disabled in the late
gales, and driven into Mount Bay, with loss of rudder, and a
temporary one also. In consequence, the Meteor Govern-
merit steamer has been ordered to the westward to take her in
tow, and bring her to this port.
" lip to this (10 p.m.) the Tagus steamer, from Gihraltar,
Cadiz, &c , has not made her appearance. The weather is
still unsettled, and disabled vessels continue to arrive daily,
suffering from the effects of the late dreadful gales."

Miss Walker, the sister and housekeeper of her
brother, who was lately foreman to Sir John Rennie, the
engineer, was found drowned in the water-cistern on Thurs-
day last. It is presumed that the unfortunate lady had
fallen in by accident.--Scotsman.
NEW REMEDY FOR DEAFNESS..--The new
remedy, creosote, which was discovered by Dieffenbach, of
Berlin, and has been found useful in the alleviation and re-
moval of many painful diseases, has been recently em-
ployed in the treatment of deafness dependent on deficient
secretion of cerumen, and proves to be a valuable remedy.
It is used in a diluted form, as it would otherwise be too
potent a stimulant.
Dr. Holland and Sir Benjamin Brodie visited his
Excellency the Russian Ambassador yesterday, at Ash_
burnham House ; and the inquiries after his Excellency
were very numerous. The Count, we are happy to state,
is in a state of convalescence, but he was much shaken by
his fall, which occurred in the drawing room. The Greek
Minister, Prince Soutzo, had a long conference with the
Ambassador yesterday.
Eaton Hall, the Marquis of Westminster's magni-
cent seat, will be full of company at Christmas. Earl
Grosvenor and his Countess have arrived on a visit from
Motcombe House, in Dorsetshire. Lord and Miss Begot
Capel, and the Hon. Mrs. Warrender, and the Hon. Miss
Arden, sister to Lord Alvanley, and the Lord Bishop of
the diocese, have been among the visitants.
THE BOLTON AND BURY RAILWAY.--There
have been two fatal accidents on this railway during the
past week,

- _
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We had stipposed, if ever Protestantism had a firm and
unflinchi4 supporter, our Contemporary of the Standard
was that supporter. It, was, therefore, with dismay un-

speakable that we yesterday found our Contemporary going

out of his way to give a sly stab to Protestantism, by

singling out a body of Popish Indians as affording a strong

exemplification of the blessed effects wrought by pure

Christianity on the human character. In a leading article
commenting on the intelligence from Canada there occurs
the following passage :
" An interesting and instructive incident of the war is de-
teribed to have now occurred. While an Indian tribe, re-

claimed to Christianity, were engaged in worship at their
bumble temple, a woman of their tribe announced to them a
considerable mustering of rebels in the adjacent woods ; the
red men promptly arose from their devotions to the defence of
the beneficent Government that had protected and instructed
tehm—seized such rude arms as the time and place afforded—
sounded their tremendous war-whoop—threw themselves upon
the ungrateful traitors—defeated and dispersed them, making
seventy-five prisoners, who were conducted safe and uninjured
to Montreal—

Tanta religio potuit.'
These are the sons of men but sixty years ago described, and
almost without exaggeration, as the hell-hounds of savage
war,' but Christianity has made them merciful, surely without
detracting from their fidelity or valour. This is a lesson to
England—this is the mode of securing allies that will never
fail us in the hour of trial. The ' schoolmaster is abroad with
his primer,' says Lord Brougham, and he may defy the soldier.
We wish the schoolmaster all success ; but if he go abroad
with his primer alone, and go unaccompanied, his defiance
may, end sometimes will be, directed against the best interests
of mankind. It is the preacher and his Bible whose mission
is sure to produce no evil—whose mission is sure to bless
those to whom they are sent, and to reflect substantial bles-
sings upon the sender."
It is not to be supposed for one moment that our Con-
temporary, who is so well informed on all subjects, could be
ignorant of what is a matter of notoriety to those who pos-
sess any knowledge of Montreal and its vicinity, that the
Caughnawaga Indians are and have always been Papists
since their first conversion to Christianity under the old
French Government. They had a French priest like the
French Canadians. It will be seen from a letter in our city
article, that they were at vespers at the time the squaw
gave the information of the approach of the rebels. That
they would be greatly improved by Bible reading we do
not doubt ; but the fact is, as we are assured, that they
are all of them strangers to the Bible. As our Contemporary
has sturdily refused to allow any virtue to Papists, and has
been particularly anxious to lay the rebellion at the
doors of the priests, this praise of the Caughnawaga
Catholic Indians does certainly look somewhat suspi-

clot's. Our Philadelphia correspondent dwells on what
we believe is matter of notoriety, that the priests in Lower
Canada are, with hardly an exception, devoted to the Go-
vernment. But that our Contemporar 's theory, before
his backsliding of yesterday, respecting the connection be-
tween rebellion and Popery, is not very tenable is pretty
well evinced in another case. What militia have always
shown most alacrity to take the field against the rebels,
been most energetic in their movements, and are most re-
lied on for efficient aid to the army ? The Glengarry
Highlanders, an athletic, hardy race of men, who are all
Catholics. Bishop James Macdonel, who deservedly pos-
sesses the greatest influence in Canada, was chaplain of the
Glengarry Regiment. We suspect it is deemed no little
advantage that the townships of Upper Canada nearest the
habitans are occupied by these Catholic Highlanders, in-
stead of such Protestants as too many of the inhabitants of
the London district proved themselves in the late insur-
rection. So much for the Caughnawaga and Glengarry
Papists.—Morning Chronicle.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 16, A.M.— One of the most important
and favourable features for the Government in Canada, during
the late outbreak and up to the present time, is the fact that
the Catholic clergy of the Lower Province are entirely opposed
to the insurgents. They have in no single instance (as tar as
news has hitherto been received) joined in the revolt; but, on
the contrary, they have fled with the loyalists and their fami-
lies, before the approach of the " patriots." I attach more
consequence to this feeling of the priesthood than to any other
movement or sentiment that has yet transpired. It is calcu-
lated to exert a powerful and tranquillizing influence on the
great mass of the French Canadians; and for one who
is urged forward by Nelson, Cote, and others, in this
second rebellion, there is little doubt that at least twenty
will stay at home, in obedience to the advice of their priests.
The natural character of the habitans is that of an almost
primitive simplicity. No people in the world are more
devoted to their religion, or entertain a more sincere affection
for their clergy. It affords me pleasure also to state, which I
do from personal information, that the clergy of Canada are,
in general, both pious and exemplary ; and, whatever may
have been said against them, either in relation to their private
or their priestly character, has always been found, on inquiry,
to be either decided -calumny or gross misrepresentation.
Their feelings arc evidently in favour of the old regime ; for
they know that any republican alteration in the Constitution
of the province would strike a serious, perhaps a fatal blow,
against the Catholic hierarchy. In this matter you will say they
arc prompted by an interest for their order. It is true that
they are so ; but is not such the case amongst every order of
men, both lay and clerical ? Nay, is it not by the strong bond and
cement of a self or a mutual interest that every order of men and
every public and political institution in the civilised world is up-
held ? Assuredly such is the fact, and interest is ever more or
less the mainspring of our actions. Thus, then, the Canadian
clergy do not differ in this particular from other people ; but
they also possess, in addit.on, as large a portion of zeal for
the Church of their father, and as much piety and morality,
as any order of clergy in Christendom; and although not of
their persuasion, I feel that it is but an act of justice to record
this tribute to their merits. The heads of the Canadian
Church are conscious of their flocks having enjoyed as much
civil and religious liberty as could possibly exist in a Colonial
Government ; while their taxation has been less, far less, than
that of any people on the face of the globe. They have not,
therefore, regarded the attempted revolution with favour ;
and, from the vast influence they possess over their people,
there can be no difficulty in predicting that a majority of the
French population will not join in the insurrection.
A few days ago we alluded in terms of deserved eulogy
to the conduct of the civic body of London in marking its
detestation of the principles of the slave-trade and slavery,
by voting with acclamation a public testimonial of honour
to the venerable Clarkson, who, though having for his as-
sociates and followers, in the great cause of negro emanci-
pation, many distinguished friends of humanity, yet must be
considered the father of the cause, and the founder of
African liberty. It is with no less pleasure we have since
had to record the humane and truly Christian efforts now
making in the City to induce our Government to give its
assistance, not to prolong and multiply, as hitherto, the
atrocious barbarities which distinguish the Spanish conflict,
but to put an end to them by taking effectual measures, with
other civilised Governments, for a speedy:and effectual pacifi-
cation of the unhappy country which is so dreadfully scourged
by the furies of civil war. The memorial on this subject, ad-
dressed to Lords Melbourne and Palmerston, which we pub-
lished yesterday, we are glad to find has received the signature
of the Lord Mayor and the members of the Court of Alder-
men, besides a great number of respectable and influential
persons in the city, of all political parties. We fear our
Ministers have so much mixed themselves up in the actual
strife, and so associated the name of England with the
barbarities committed on one side, that the moral influence
of this country, for the purposes of good, must be very
much weakened. Still it is highly honourable to the city
of London, and may be useful to humanity, that such a
memorial has been put forward, which, if it have no other
effect may, at least, operate as a remonstrance to our Go.
vernment against further dishonouring the character of
England by snaking common cause with either of the parties
that arc capable of such savage atrocities, whether they be
called Christians or Carlists. Most cordially, however, do
we join in the prayer of the memorial ; for the slave trade
itself'
never shocked humanity with more revolting horrors
than the civil war in Spain. We reprint the prayer of the
memorial here, and should be glad to find it practicable
In the name, therefore, of suffering humanity, we ven-
ture to appeal, through your Lordships to our most gracious
Queen, and to the ruling powers of the civilised world, and
to implore that such measures may be adopted by her Ma-
jesty's Government, in concert with her Majesty's allies, as
shall extinguish a revolting warfare—one that for its cruelty
and ferocity can be scarcely paralleled in the page of history,
and one that, while it continues, hardens the feelings of sur-
rounding nations.
4. As men of all parties and opinions, we entreat your
Lordships to regard this expression of strong feeling from the
City of London as a proof that its inhabitants consider this
subject to be one of the highest order that can engage the at-
tention of their fellow-men; and they trust that the general
opinion throughout Europe is, that no policy can be merciful
or just, while it neglects the pacification of unhappy Spain."
—Morning Herald.
A. supplement to the London Gazette was published last
night, containing an extract and a copy of despatches from
Sir J. Colborne to her Majesty's Secretary of State for the
Colonies, of the dates of November sth and I 1 th. We
subjoin these important documents, which will be found
confirmatory of the gratifying intelligence published yester-
day in the second edition of this paper. It is now ifficaa//y
proved, that the fresh rebellion which lately burst out in
Canada was resolved upon long before any debate upon
Lord Durham's illegal conduct took place in the House
of Lords. The Gazette of last evening gives a decisive
answer to the outrageously absurd and insolent statement
OF the Government papers, that the House of Lords had
provoked this new rebellion. The last paragraph of the
despatch of Sir J. Colborne states that " No doubt now
exists that the leaders of this revolt have been actively em-
ployed in organising this second attempt to establish a re-
public in Canada since June." What fresh falsehood will
the Chronicle and Globe now invent, since that which they
relied upon yesterday was within a few hours exploded by an
extraordinary Gazette.—Morning Post.
