FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

REVOLUTION IN PORTUGAL

- -
-The following is an Extract of a Letter from
Oporto, dated the Ist of September : •
4‘ Notwithstanding that it was given out by • -
the ; pegple. inAuthority.fr.rthat official informa-
tiba'rtitill'e t-don k'pectea from Lisbon of the
theltegettc-i.to-the• new 'Constitution,
.none ras yet arrived; and we are-to-day, in a state
ankic7-ty;.nut,to-sa-,V -'-The. Conde
,raitte; inathadvf having joined the Constitutional-
-Party he lds out in Chaves, where he has a
~strong • Sorce ; And counter-proclamations have
:been •iss:led by. him, and posted .even in Pennafiel.
The-tnnt...alarrkikng lArctimstance of all is the di-
. Tection•now giving by our journals to the popular
feeling i',,zainst,the English, as'you will see by an
article ;4,1._ The azette of this place, of the 29th
Alfa which purports to be an, extract from
• The.G;i-tuena.. Dimly ; and - a still more violent
-.,-7arti..cle, -dictated- b.y a similar spirit, is expected
••••to,appear.in The Gazette, of to-morrow morning.
the COnde d'Amarante, other officers of
Aistioctipn- still hold-out.".
" Sept. 2.—The. Letters from Lisbon, which
-,.tre.dnelltis day, have not arrived."
following is the article alluded to in the
above Letter, as published -in the 3d number of
the-. OpOrto Paper, -entitled Diario :Nacional,
datEd the -29th August

Conturta fiilry,,,Pg. 24. •
Letters from Lisbon, received by the last post, annonnce •
thatMarstial Beresford hail sailed from Brazil for England,
add that be "would semi at'rire in Portugal. When that Ge-
neral' heard that Ferdinand VII. had sworn to the Constit tr.
•tion, he' embarked fur RIO Janeirit,,to cominunieate to the,
Brazil ntsverninent that intelligence. It appears that the
political changes of Spain had excited fears in the King and
his Ministers : the result of all their Councils was to cause a
Isuspeusiott of the remittance of money front Europe to
Monte Video, to pay the troops under the orders of General
Ereor, an-d the imposition 'if a third of the derima. It is
saidhere that Beresford has obtained the title of the Duke of
e Port ngal and the Algarves: and, besides, that he is deneral-
issimo of
,Portugal and Brazil, with great authority in the
Regency of Lisbon. An English frigate was disembarliing a
ntiaion and a half of crusadoes, to distribute among the
.troops of the army which contributed to the. success at Vic-
toria. There is a small portion of money which the French
.seized.in Spain, which they left in the fteld of battle, and.
whit') belonged to the Spaniards.
." See how the English caress this Portuguese Army! That
,Army?. which placed on the head of Lord Wellington the
• finesst portion of his laurels—which bore such a part in the
deliverance of Spain and in the defeat of the force of Napo-
• leon—was treated in the epoch of its glory with such disdain,
.that, tcrowercome its resentment, all the patriotism which en-
nobles the brace Portuguese Army was necessary. It was a
• striking circumstance to see one of these soldiers rise to the
rank of Colonel. The officers were treated with tlu: greatest
• disrespect ; and Marshal Beresford evinced so much jealousy,
that he caused to he executed Gomez Freir d'Andrade, a ce-
lebrated General who had fought under the hamlets of Na-

polcon.
" Portugal now is capable of taking care of her own inte-
rests, of which she is, the best judge. If she loves liberty,
4l'et her take adrautage of the favourable moment. Afterwards
it will cost her rivers of blood, especially if the English corn-
' maid tie troops at Lisbon. They will perhaps conic under the
pretext of defending the kingdom, but with the real design of
s'ubjtigaiing it. The country of the. Albuquerques is not
now a nation, nor is it even a colony, since its Prince
• fig to Brazils ; it is little better than the coast of Guinea!
Its money and its men go to another hemisphere, and to
shed the blood of its brothers, the SI aniards ! In rricompense
for these sacrifices, what does European Portugal receive ?
The destruction of her industry }and her cOmmerce, the
mination of Beresford, and the capture of its ships by the
corsairs Of Artigas in sight of the batteries of Lisbon !!!
" It is therefore a consequence a the most urgent nature
that Portugal should establish a representativa government,
and should unite itself as 'an independent nation with the
tipanish confederacy. For this purpose Portugal ought to de-
' nand fi um her King the mission of one of his sons as her So-
. vereign, since he has for„ever fixed his court in the Brazils.
demand,is just, both in a political and moral point of
vicar. Is Portugal to obey Brazils in omnia secula seculo-
ram ? Will the Portuguese submit to such an affront ? and
will the country of the Albuquerque's and the Castros be con-
verted into the abode of slavery ? "

SPAIN.

• .
TIC: ADDRESSES OF GENERALS RIEGO,BANOSI AND
ARCOAGUEROJ TO TUE CORTES AND KING OF

6F IN.
The following important bocuments, which
have been often alluded to in the recent accounts
from Spain, have never, yet been published in
this country. We shall,make no apology, there-
.fore,, though they are .of some length, for pre-
`•'senting them to..our Readers.

"TO THE CORTES.
A', When the Generals who are' at the head of the army of
observation recollect that to them and to their companions
in 'arms is owing.tli.e first constitutional impulse—that they
first caused thi cry of liberty to iesound—that they hastened,
eve.p. created, the extraordinary events to which the Spa•
Uhligeir for a country, from which the King dlt ices
graiideur,and his.puwer—antl, finally,in consequence of his
11.4.11 the nation has seen its Cortes assemblingthese same
Geitrals.doilokhesitate to carry to, :the foot of the throne
tit.it;svi.shes and their ,sOlicitud•cs. , •
Captain-General .of Andalusia,
.under date of the
,tith inste, communicates an Order, of the Minister of War to,
its ComMander-in-Chief of that. arniy. The order pronounces ,
iisAis,olution, anti dispetseh utryarlops points). the corps of
which it is composed,.
To,explain toiour,Natip,pal Congress the imprudence of
:preciyitatgoneasure wottld be 'to doubt the knowledge
aim!: the wisdom of our.. Legislators. -The Congress is nut
igetorant -that existing ciretunstauces are- still difficult and.
precarious. 'Scarcely has it beguq its important delibera-
-• thins; and time alone can 'ensure the stability of Consti-
tutional" Institutions, by giving them' a*. force . capable of.
rdsistirrg the attach of matevolence—t hat malevolence.which
`must • knerease -day. by Jay, oar account of the establish-
sit•nt. of a system different from that which has been
aunulled. The rules which most precede and determine the
organisation of a national force have nut yet been subjected
