AFFAIRS OF GERMANY.

THIS DAY.
A meeting of the nitives of Germany was held today
at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Dr. Schutte, of Hei.

delherg, late an assistant editor of the German Tribune,
a suppressed liberal paper, in the Chair for the purpose of
taking into consideration the affairs of Germany, and in
particular to express the gratitude of the Germans for the
sympathy expressed towards them by the English nation,
in consequence of the publication of the Frankfort edicts,

against the liberties of Germany.
The CHAIRMAN having apologized for taking so respon-
sible a situation, in consequence of his defect in a thorough
knowledge of the English language, stated that the meet-
ing was called for two objects—first, to give the Germans
an opportunity of showing their interest in the affairs of
their country ; and, secondly, to thank the English nation
for the promptness in taking part in the affairs
of Germany. Upon this latter point of the business, of
course, Germans only would take a part. Europe was
now again thrown into a state of political ferment, and
Germany had again become the seat of internal convul-
sions. The people of Great Britain had already loudly
protested against the horrible ordinances of the Frankfort
Diet—ordinances which, if not resisted, must entomb
Germany for ever, England was the grand focus of liberty,
and a blow struck in London would vibrate through all
the Courts and Palaces of Europe.—(Cheers.) Most of
the misfortunes in Germany had arisen from ignorance,
and Germans could not deny that they were slaves, before
the downfall of their empire in 1806,—that they wore
the badge of slavery in the time of Napoleon,—and that
their slavery was confirmed by the treaty of Vienna be-
tween those five Powers who called themselves, with
all the arrogance and pomp peculiar to Kings,
the " Holy Alliance."—(Hear, and cheers.) So far
from that treaty granting free institutions to Germany it
was evident that it was meant to strike, and that it had
actually struck, the death-blow to the German name and
nation—(Cheers,)—for instead of producing that unani-
mity of interest so necessary to constitute a nation, it
had swept Germany as a nation from the map of
Europe. It was now like a bastard who cursed the
name that gave it a disgraceful existence. An awful ex-
perience of seventeen years had convinced Germans what
the intentions of those Powers were when they made
that far-famed treaty. Indeed, if the treaty had been
liberally fulfilled, it was not calculatsd to make a
country happy. What country could be happy with
thirty-nine Courts and embassies, and Princes without end.

Austria and Prussia clearly wanted but to gain time so as
at last in connexion with Russia to swallow up Germany.
Their intentions had been attempted to be frustrated by
the instrumentality of a free press, but that had failed.

The conduct of the Powers themselves would, how

ever, forward that object, for the late Fankfort Edicts
had already won more proselytes and converts to the good
cause than the free press could have done in a century—
(Cheers)—and this the Germans would do well to attend
to, if they did not wish to see their country Polandized.
(Cheers.) In the whole vocabulary of the English language
he had found no adequate expression for the enormities
committed by these Royal Powers; they had been
calle I robbers, detestable despots, wholesale men butch-
ers, but he would simply give them the name of Kings.
.—(Cheers.) Agonizing madness had at length driven
the people to demand their just rights; having at last
been pushed to the wall, insulted, and trampled
on, they found cowardice would no longer avail
them, and they had learnt the indelible truth,
that persecution only ceased when resistance began.
--(Cheers.) The people of Germany were now conscious
that the political annihilation of their Royal oppressors
must form the stepping-stone to a happy era in
the annals of their country.—(Hear, and cheers.)
They no longer rested their claims to emancipation
on the faith of treaties or protocols, after the conduct of
Charles the Tenth, the division of Germany, and the
extinction of Poland.—(Loud cheers.) They now
knew that their claims were founded on the broad
basis of justice and reason,—and they insisted,
on having equal rights and privileges with the rest of
Europe. Every honest German must wish to see his
country extricated from the bands of Prussia and Austria,
and exalted to that proud station which a country teeming
with knowledge demanded. Let them first give de-
cided proofs of their willingness to make great sacrifices to
free them from the thraldom of Austria and Prussia, and to
restore their country to its ancient importance.—(Hear.)
Let those powers be immolated, in the shrine for which
they were destined victims, and then it might be hoped
that the firmness of Great Britain and France will join
hands, and compel the united efforts of the Holy Alliance
to desist.—(Loud cheers.) If such was to be the case, all
the shabby, petty tyrants of the Continent might spit
their poison and wrath in vain. (Cheers.) He had
now done, but, with the permission of the meeting, he
would now read a letter which be had received from Mr.
Hume, excusing his attendance that day. The chairman
then read the following letter, in doing which he was
interrupted at the end of every sentence, by the applause
which resounded from all parts of the meeting.
" BRYANSTON-SQUARE.
" request you will state to the meeting, if you
think it necessary to explain the cause of my absence,
that I shall be in the country on Monday until late in the
day, and therefore cannot attend ; but as I view with ab-
horrence the atrocious conduct of the three great military
despots of Europe, as a conspiracy against the liberties of
Europe and the right of civilized society, I approve of
every demonstration of public detestation of such proceed-
ings ; and as the conduct of the authorities of Hanover is
a disgrace to the King of England, I trust that part of the
confederacy against the interests of Europe will not be
forgot.
" I hope every community in Great Britain will ex-
press frankly their opinions of the base attempt to crush
the rising prosperity of Germany, and pave the way to
mental darkness and military domination. And I would
caution my countrymen not to be asleep at their posts,
while that King, under another's name and pretence,
gives countenance to such odious and dangerous measures
as the protocol of Frankfort must carry into effect.
" I remain, your obedient servant,
" (Signed) JOSEPH HUME."
Mr. GRossE in moving the first resolution, addressed
the meeting at great length in German, and concluded by
reading the resolution, of which the following is a
ranslition :
" That this Meeting of Germans feels it their duty
towards the English nation, and particularly to Thomas
Campbell, Esq., and H. M. Bulwer, Esq., M.P., pub-
licly to acknowledge the grateful feelings with which they
have been inspired by the prompt and energetic testimo-
nials of indignation at the late flagrant attack of the Con-
tinental Despots on the freedom of the Press and Con-
stitutional rights in Germany ; and that they, as patriotic
Germans, equally abhor the measures thus promulgated,
which, if unrestricted, must totally enslave their country,
and consequently the whole of Europe."

It is said that the Speaker of the House of
Commons will be created Baron LEXINGTON, of Aram, in
the county of Nottingham—a title once in the possession of
the SUTTON family.
Sir T. DENNIAN, the Hon. Sir J. ABER-
CROMBIE, Mr. LITTLETON, and Mr. CHARLES WYNNE,
are all, it is reported, candidates for the SPEAKER'S chair.
No person is better calculated for the office than Sir
THOMAS DENMAN ; but as the pension of 2,000/. a year,
recently granted to the Lord Chief Baron of Scotland on
the abolition of his Court in Scotland, would cease in
the event of his being elected Speaker of the House of
Commons, it is thought Ministers will propose him.
LAPORTE is understood to have engaged
ithuna.AN, as prima donna, at Covent Garden. It will
be remembered that this highly•gifted cantatrice was
chiefly educated in this country, and speaks English with
the fluency of a native.
Several water-parties and pic-nics, particularly
one consisting of fifty persons, for which the Richmond
steam-boat was engaged, have been
given up in conse-
quence of the prevailing epidemic.
As the Marchioness CORNWALLIS was on
her way to Frogmore from London, accompanied by her
two daughters, Lady LOUISA was suddenly seized wilh
such violent symptoms of cholera that it was found ne-
cessary to procure medical assistance on the road, and it
was some time before she was able to resume her journey.
The Marchioness immediately despatched a messenger to
Sir Cutouts CLARKE., who lost no time in proceeding to
Frogmore, and in company with Mr. STEVENS, of
Windsor, in attending her Ladyship, who, we are happy to
state, is now perfectly recovered.
