COLONIAL MARKETS.

To-day we had no public sales whatever of Colonial pro—
duce, and for the week there is but a very moderate
business advertised. For to-morrow it is somewhat con-
siderable, consisting of 8,200 bags of Manilla Sugar, 4,100
bags of Mauritius, 120 hhds. Barbadoes, and 150 bags Bengal ;
1,725 bags Ceylon Coffee, 1,872 bags East India Pepper,
1,553 bags Saltpetre, and 4 casks Nutmegs. The imports arc
light rather than otherwise.

NEWCASTLE CORN MARKET, Nov. 17.
We had a fair supply of Wheat at this day's market, from
the interior, but very little offering coastwise, and the whole
met a good demand, at similar rates to last Saturday. Barley
fully maintained its value ; indeed, our quotations were rather
exceeded for choice samples. Rye also was ls. to 2s. per
quarter dearer, and much inquired after at the advanced rates.
For Oats we experienced a fair sale at late prices. Malt was
the turn higher. Beans and Pease being in limited supply
sold at a considerable advance in price. For Flour the sale is
dull, and our quotations can with difficulty be realized.
New.
-"-
Wheat, Northurakerland s7i. 775. CS-. 78-.1
Norfolk and Suffolk..... 50,....... 745. SO,.
•---- Berwick and Scotch ........ 675. 74s —s.
---- Foreign —s. s —s. —s.
Rye, Norfolk Rnd Suffolk .......... 425. 475....... —3. S.
-- Foreign s s —s. —B. te.
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Suffolk... 355. :M.... —s. —3.
--- Grinding and Feeding PCPs. 335...... —5. —s. g
Malt, Norfolk and Suffolk s6s 60s —s. or
Beans, Small —s. —5....... 45$ 433. 0
Tick
•
Pease, White 47s '4G5..... --s.
-- Gray 40s. 445. —s. —s.
Oats, Northumberland, Potatoe 2ss. Vs. 27s. SOs.

Feed

Foreign —s. —s —q. —s..)
Flour (per sack) s(s. 60s —s. —s.

THEATRES.

DRURY-LANE.

On Saturday evening a new grand fairy ballet, entitled
the Spirit of Air, was produced at this theatre, and met
with the most signal success. Its heroine, " the Spirit of
the Air," Azurine (Mdlle. H. Eisler), the daughter of the
Queen of the Genii (Miss Somerville), in obedience to the
will of the Fates, is to descend to the earth, and, for a pe-
riod of probation, be exposed to the seductions of mankind.
Accompanied by way of " Mentor" by Aquilo (the North
Wind) ( Wieland), after sundry leave-takings, they depart
from her mother's celestial abode on a cloud, via rainbow
—the " railroad or the sky," and, after a storm of thunder
and lightning, they are seen to descend in Normandy, near
the dwelling of Thionville (Mr. Gilbert), which she enters
by the open window, and, being fatigued by her journey,
seeks repose upon the bed which he has just risen from.
During her sleep soft music is heard, part of the wall opens,
and through the aperture the Queen and Sylphides gently
descend. The Sylphides retire on the approach of Thion-
ville, who had been out shooting, and returns in dudgeon
at his ill-success. He perceives Azurine, whom he gazes
upon with amazement, and awakens her by firing his gun
through the window. After the expression of their
mutual surprise. Thionville is supposed to make
some inquiries, " such as the supernatural ap-
pearance of his visitor would Puggest," and " this,"
as the programme states, " leads to a grand pas de
deux," at the end of which he presumes to offer her a kiss,
which Azurine, with a modesty becoming so slight an ac-
quaintance, very properly declines ; but in the struggle
she unconsciously drops her talisman, and then escapes, as
she comes in by the window, whilst Thionville, in his attempt
to follow her, is blown down by her attentive Mentor,
Aquilo, in which situation he is discovered by his mother,
who persuades him that all he tells her to'have happened is
but a dream, which he is himself inclined to believe it was,
until assured of the reality of what has transpired by his
finding the talisman. His mother here introduces to him
Beaujeu, a farmer, and his fair daughter Guillelmine (Ma-
dame Giubilei) as his future partner for life, and the parents
propose to hasten the marriage, to which Thionville, ab-
sorbed in thought, seemingly offers no objection, and here is
introduced une valse Normaudc, which was encored,
being very cleverly executed by Master and Miss Marshall.
Aquilo endeavours to obtain from Tnionville her lost ta-
lisman by force—the villagers come to his assistance, but
they are blown back in all directions. Aquilo seizes Thion-
villa, and flies up with him, but lie is ordered to desist by
Azurine, who appears through the opening in the wall, and
here the first act concludes with a striking tableau. The
second and concluding act commences with Azurine and
Aquilo meditating on the loss of the talisman, and the best
mode to regain it, and are interrupted by the arrival of
Beaujeu and Guillelmine, and a host of villagers who are
about to celebrate an entertainment in which Thionville,
though still abstracted, executes with Guillelmine " a cha-
racteristic dance," which was greatly applauded, followed
by a well-arranged pas general de caractere, performed by
the villagers. Aquilo, ahnoyed at their enjoyment, dis-
perses them, and afterwards, in the guise of a hermit, en •
deavours, by inducing Thionville to drink, to obtain from
him the lost talisman ; but the latter, seeing through his
stratagem, evades it, and instead, learning from Aquilo
what constitutes the value of the charm, snatches it
from his bosom, and tramples upon it. Azurine, on its
destruction, becoming susceptible of love, is led on in
chains by Cupids, who dispossess her of her wings,
and thus of her immortality. Thionville eagery
removes her chains, and the scene changes to the
" Abode of the Spirit of Air," discovering the Queen of
the Genii and her attendant Sylphs, who, yielding her
daughter to the destinies she prefers, changes the cottage
into a palace, unites the lovers and bids them
leal
farewell—
herself and suite winging their way back to the
regionc;—presenting, by way of conclusion,fble 01.
a grand and
imposing tableau. Such is the plot or the present
•e have seen others,
transcended it. The
novelty. It has been got up with considerable taste and
splendour, but in these particulars o
at this establishment, which have
music, by Mr. Eliason, is for the most part of a very
graceful and pleasing, as t:ell as effective character.

HAYMARKET.
After the performance of Saturday night of the Maid
of Mariendopt, a new farce by Mr. Haynes Bayly, called
Mr. Greenfinch, was produced at this theatre. Broad in-
cidents, broad jokes, and slender wit, assign this produc-
tion its place amongst things dramatic, to be laughed at
-once and forgotten for ever. The actors made the most
of their materials—Strickland gave a faithful common-place
picture of the genus old bachelor, while Buckstone and
Mrs. Glover exemplified, most edifyingly, the vulgar habi-
tudes of domestic dissension. Mrs. Fitzwilliam, with her
good-humoured face, did all she could to hold up a house-
keeper in terrrorenz ; and Mrs. F. Matthews was very natu-
ral and amusing in personating a lively, malapert, loqua-
cious maid of all work. Greenfinch was very successful
with the audience, and, amidst a good deal of laughter anti
applause, was announced for repetition.

PIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

In Saturday's Times there was inserted a letter from
our correspondent at Constantinople, containing, amongst
other matters of importance, a statement to which the
well-informed writer himself appeared to attach credit—
namely, that the Court of St. Petersburgh had recom-
menced those experiments of intimidation upon the Sultan
Mahmoud, which on former occasions have been attended
with consequences so ruinous to the best interest of Tur-
key, and so alarming for the equilibrium and the repose of
Europe. It is asserted, that with a view to recall the
Turkish Government to a sense of what it has to appre-
hend from Russia, the Ambassador of the latter Power has
sent in an official note threatening that the Emperor Nicho-
las will consider " the ratcation by Turkey of the treaty
lately signed with England as a formal declaration of war
against himself." We, at least, have no objection to see
the question of Turkish independence, 'combined as it is
in the present instance with that of the national rights,
consistency, spirit, and honour of Great Britain,
brought thus plainly to a point. That Russia should take
the above desperate course with regard to Turkey for the
frustration of an object the success of which would be not
merely injurious, but utterly fatal to those views of conquest
and aggrandizement which she has fondly cherished and anted
upon systematically, at all times and seasons, for the last
seventy years, is not very difficult to imagine. The treaty
between Great Britain and the Gran Seignor places
Russia in a predicament of extreme danger ; and there are
no means of extrication, however desperate, which she would
not, and will not, have recourse to. A menace to Turkey
is the most obvious thing in the world. That the bullying
note above referred to will be followed up by military and
naval demonstrations, we have little doubt ; but that either
such threats or such demonstrations should induee the
Sultan to withdraw his fleet from its deliberate junction with
that of England, or his councils from a resolute
and strict adherence to that course of defensive policy,
on the necessity as well as advantage of which, it is
quite obvious that both the Turkish Government and
that of England must have thoroughly made up their
minds before the late treaty came to receive the signature
of their respective negotiators, is in our judgment wholly
incredible. Neither the signature of the (so-called com-
mercial, but in substance political) treaty between Great
Britain and the Cabinet of the Seraglio, nor the simulta-
neous junction of their fleets, is to be looked upon as an
initiatory measure—a consideration which is of vast im-
portance. Taken together, these decisive steps of the
two Governments are to be regarded not as the index of a
policy under discussion, but as the result of a policy al-
ready settkd, as " proof of a foregone conclusion," and of
a purpose complete and irrevocable. With the treaty of
Unkiar 'Skelessi before these:two contracting parties, they
must have set their hands to this new bond of alliance in
a state of mind prepared for all the consequences of an in-
strument whereby, in the face of Europe, and of
Asia, they flung down the gauntlet to the Russian despot,
and announced to him that his reign of tyrannical en
croachment was thenceforth at an end. The compact
signed by Lord Ponsonby and the Turkish Minister was,
we repeat, equivalent to a public declaration that both
parties knew they were then challenging the unappeasable
resentment and hostility of Russia ; that they were aware
of the inevitable fruits of such an act ; that they were
jointly ready to resist what otherwise they must both have
been frantic to provoke—an appeal to arms by the Empe-
ror Nicholas, proclaimed in some such form as that whereof
our correspondent spoke on Saturday, viz., an official note
from the Russian Minister, that his master would resist the
treaty as " a declaration of war by Turkey." What we have,
therefore, to observe upon this matter is, thae if the treaty
be good in itself for the combined interests of Turkey
and of Great Britain, so much more imperative is it
upon Lord Palmerston and his colleagues that a treaty so
just and politic in its objects should be vigorously acted on
and enforced by its framers. When we twice on late
occasions avowed our approval of this and of the treaty
with Austria, and declared as independent Engliehmen
our satisfaction at the occurrence of events so new, and
of a character so unexampled, in the recent diplomacy
of Great Britain, our design, we need hardly say, was
anything but to pay a gratuitous compliment to her
present Ministers. It was to show the world, and
Russia more especially, that there was nothing to hope
for a fifekin enemy in our party or political differences
here at home, but that she would have to fight with
the whole English nation. It was to encourage Lord
Palmerston in his first transition from an abject and
shuffling policy towards unfriendly Powers to one of a
more manly and becoming character—to convince him that
in such an amendment of his course he would have the
support as against Russia even of those who most de-
spised the composition of that profligate Ministry of
which he formed part, and who most reprobated and
dreaded its pernicious influence upon the institutions of
the Monarchy. Our further and more specific motive
was to impress upon Lord Palmerston the cruel trea-
chery aed base poltroonery of failing to enforce in de-
fence of Turkey the maintenance and provisions of a
treaty which he had so long been prevailing on her
to sign : and after engaging her, for British objects in
an act which must bring upon her the fiercest vengeance of
Russia, to leave her in her day of need without effectual
protection from this country. We call upon Lord Palmer-
ston, therefore, by every consideration of humanity, honour,
and good faith, to afford Turkey prompt and liberal aid
against the aggressions of Nicholas. We claim from him,
on the part of the people of England, that he will not ex-
pose them to the disgrace of shrinking from the enforcement
of compacts which he has signed in their name—that if
Russia threatens Turkey because of her alliance with Great
Britain, he will pledge Great Britain to chastise the threat-
ener for his insolence. The East has already witnessed
too much of English disregard and indifference to her own
plighted faith : we can afford no additional examples.
Let the Queen's Government therefore at once extend
and invigorate the activity of the dockyards, put on more
hands, prepare more ships, open a rendezvous for seamen
at every port, send out reinforcements of sailors, and an
increase of guns, if necessary, to every British squadron in
the east and west, where the crews of our men-of-war are
notoriously so feeble that they can hardly work the ships
without harassing the men to death, let alone fight them
against a well-appointed enemy—where the lower decks,
which, properly speaking, constitute the most formidable
battery on board them, are but half armed or altogether
without artillery, and this from motives of a miserable,
pinching, self-destroying, popularity-hunting parsimony '.
but in such preparations let it not, finally, be forgotten that
the wooden walls of England may as well be broken up and
burnt as intrusted-to the care of unfledged members of the
Whig Aristocracy—minions of a Court where favouritism
rages with such extreme indecency, or creatures of mere first-
lord patronage lifted over the heads of weather-beaten vete-
rans, to aggrandize the numerous relations of an intriguing
and peremptory jobber. We repeat, therefore, that if the
Ministers of the Crown who planned and carried the
Turkish and Austrian treaties do not now bring forward
the armed force of England to aid their execution, they
are infinitely more degraded and contemptible than if they
had never stirred at all, or made any diplomatic overtures
whatever, of which the result in that case must be to in-
vite the vengeance of Russia upon our allies for acts in
which the British Government is too selfish and cowardly to
support them. Sure we are, that if Turkey be now de-
terred by any exhibition of Russian violence from fulfilling
to the letter the engagements just contracted with Great
Britain, mankind to all ages will rest the blame of such
infirmity, not upon the shoulders of the unfortunate
Marahoud, who relied on us for the means of resisting
his oppressor, but on those of the Whig Government
of England, which first seduced, and then will have
deserted and betrayed him. There is not an English-
man of ever such inveterate Radicalism in his views
of domestic policy who would dream of withholding
the most ample supplies to the Queen's Ministers for the
commencement or prosecution of a war against the semi-
barbarous, but insidious, Court of Russia. There is not a
faction in the whole British empire, save that unredeemed
and
Conneincorrigiblethe one which has so long been instigated by
O'll and Popish priests of Ireland, that would
not receive to-morrow, with hearty exultation, the tidings
that to facilitate the execution of our commercial treaties
in the Euxine, we had signed to-morrow morning a triple
political alliance for defensive purposes between Austria,
Turkey, and Great Britain. The game is in Lord Palmer-
ston's bands, if he can but play it. Austria has no less
reason than Turkey herself to fear the aggrandisement of
Russia south of the Danube, and by her position, organi-
zation, and resources, she has ten times the means enjoyed
by Turkey of turning such advantages to the discomfiture
We say to Lord Palmerston—
of the common enemy.
strike now, or never.—Times.

Our readers who are interested in local government upon
the representative principle, will be amply gratified by a
perusal of the important appeal case, tried in the Court of
Queen's Bench on Saturday, of the parish of St. George,
Hanover-square, against a county rate made by the Jus-
tices of Middlesex on the 07th of October, 1836. From
our report it will be seen that the Judges unanimously
quashed the rate. We believe the sum borrowed for the
purposes of building the Lunatic Asylum at Hanwell,
amounts to about one hundred and fifty or sixty thousand
pounds. From the argument of counsel it appears that
this expense should have been defrayed by a special county-
rate or rates ; that the Legislature intended by the 13th
section of the Lunatic Act, the 9th Gco. IT., cap. 40,
that the Justices should consider the propriety of di-
viding the special rate or rates so assessed between the
7N4 tosimirwilek-rent and their respective landlords ;
.....ut_tilerttriM-kidlesex Justices have contrived to defeat
''fblurt 14 Llidtionof4e Legislature by never assessing a special
-zi: county-iatd in veered at all. We hope the immediate and
.4.( (:. ear-4,littiAtiolo the various metropolitan vestries will
i-7

be at once directed, and in a businesslike manner, effectu-
ally to take those steps which will permanently secure to
themselves a control over the finances of the county, and
which the present opportunity is sure to present to them in
the consequences which must ensue from the decision of
the Judges on this important appeal. It at one step places
greatly in advance the cause of Middlesex County Reform,
by showing not only the gross injustice of the present
managers of the county finances, but their incompetence to
understand the important subject of taxing the rate-payers.
The increase on the county-rate this year in Middlesex, we
understand, will be between six and seven thousand pounds.
—Morning Chronicle.
It affords us singular gratification to witness the unani-
mity of spirit whic prevails in the breasts of British sub-
jects when the honour, the dignity, or the interests of Great
Britain are assailed or even menaced by any foreign power.
On Friday we had the pleasure to congratulate our readers
upon seeing the Times, our antipodes in politics, casting
aside at once all party feeling, and entering with becoming
magnanimity into a liberal and generous acknowledgment
that Ministers have played A wise, prudent, and energetic
game in Turkey and Austria, and that the bold attitude
which we declared that the Ministers must henceforth
assume towards Russia must be followed up—that is, at
"moutls of the cannon ;" she must retrace her steps—if
the Autocrat should be so blind and so infatuated with his
position and supposed power as not to listen to the dictates
of prudence and justice. The fact is, we have,from thefirst
hour of our connexion with Russia, shown too much kind-
ness—too much favour—toomuch forbearance towards her;
and presuming upon this jbrbearance, she now dares to
assume the presumptuous attitude which she has lately
exhibited. Herat has hitherto held out a most unequal
cutest against the Persian arms, aided and abetted by
Russia. Herat is the turnpike-gate to Hindostan ;in the
hands of Persia, Central Asia will soon become a province
of Russia. We have been over and over again assured
that the siege of Herat had been abandoned by the Shah
of Persia ; that he had returned to Teheran, and thrown
himself into the arms of Mr. M'Niell and the British Go-
vernment. We now find that those statements were all
fabrications, got up, no doubt, intentionally to deceive the
public. Instead of the siege of Herat having been raised,
" Kermann Shah, with 1,200 followers, had left the
place and gone over to the besiegers ; and the Herattees,
reduced to the lust extremity, could not hold out another
week," and that Mr. M'Niell, notwithstanding all his
threats to leave the Persian camp, was still there. We
must confess, that after the arrogant and pompous boasting
we have seen in some of the papers of the fall of Herat,
and again of the retreat of the Persians, and of Mr.
M'Niell being here and then being there—at Teheran one
day, and expected the next at Constantinople—we are not
surprised to find that " the prolongation of Mr. M'Niell's
stay, after his solemn declaration that he would leave it
(the camp), in the event of his not receiving, before
the expiration of ten days, positive assurance that the
Shah bad raised the siege, had exc'ted much surprise
among the Persians ; and led them to infer that it was in-
tended only as a threat to intimidate them." The Bengal
Ilurkaru, of the 27th of August, says—" should Dost
Mahomed hear of our alleged intention to dethrone him,
before Major Todd is clear of the Affghan territory, we ex-
pect to hear of his detention." We should the rather ex-
pect to hear of his head being taken off, for the Affghans
are not very nice or particular in what they do, and human
blood has flowed for ages in those regions ; when exaspe-
rated they care not what they do. He would not be the
first Ambassador who had lost his head. It is only on the
side of Asia that we consider Russia as formidable ; for in
Europe, ten thousand English soldiers, and a correspond-
ing fleet of bro-adsides, would settle her pretensions to
autocracy in less time than she could dispatch additional
forces to Poland—still ripe for insurrection and national
independence—or an adequate fleet to -Varna, to contend
with the thunder of British cannon. In India, we trust
that the same fate awaits her unjust attempts at domina-
tion ; but the circumstances are so different as regards
mutual position between the East and the West, that
the Government of this country ought to lose no time
in preparing for the worst. We hate and detest war,
both in the abstract, and as a trial of strength unbecoming
of civilized nations ; but there are times and seasons
when it becomes not the interests of a national honour
and national safety only to wage war, but the interests
of humanity and civilization also ; and if there ever was a
time more than another which required this painful inter-
ference, it has now arrived. The Russian aggressions are
innumerable—the Russian acts of cruelty are not to be
heard of in any capital of Europe, without a shudder—her
breaches of solemn treaties are a libel upon the manhood
and liberality of European feeling—her intrigues for under-
mining the power of England too palpable to be spoken of
and doubted—and we therefore say again that if ever ajus-
tifieation could be found for the painful alternative of war
between one country and another, now is the time for Eng-
land to call Russia to order, not for attempts on India only, but
for the treaty of Skelessi—for her breach of the agreement
with regard to the Dardanelles during the Russian and
Turkish war, and above all her unjustifiable massacre of the
Poles, when they were fighting for the rights and privileges
which she had solemnly covenanted to preserve for them.
Let Lord Palmerston have no fears about him with regard
to the language which he ought to hold out to Russia.
Delenda est Carthago—is the motto of every British-born
subject on this point ; and he will greatly fail in credit to
himself, and justice to his country, if he do not act upon it.
—Morning Advertiser.
The important intelligence a hich appeared in our co-
lumns of Saturday, from our correspondent at Constanti-
nople, of the re-establishment of the Russian ascendancy
at the Sublime Port, and the consequent recall of the
Turkish fleet which had been cruising in company with
our own, must excite in the mind of every reflecting and
patriotic Englishman the most serious apprehensions for
the result of our foreign policy in the East. It is certain
the Sultan has all -along prefered, and would probably still
prefer, the alliance with England to the treacherous
friendship of the Czar. But upon snch a paltry and
pusillanimous Government as England is afflicted with
at present he can place no reliance, and Russia having
fast bound him, while the genius of our foreign policy
was asleep, in the bondage of the treaty of Unkiar 'Ske-
lessi, he must do the work of a Russian vassal or take
the consequences of disobedience. The temporary ap-
pearance of independence which he exhibited has
only served to show in a stronger light the abject
slavery of the chief of the once mighty Ottoman em-
pire, now crouching at the footstool of the Calmuck
Emperor. But this extension of the power of Russia
is, of course, only an additional proof of the " inherent
weakness" of that gigantic empire ! Like any other satrap
of the Russian throne, the Sultan hears, trembles, and
obeys the imperial ukase, recalls his fleet from its inter-
dicted junction with that of England, and hastens, by the
alacrity of his present submission, to atone for the crime
of a transient display of spirit. In the mean time all the
" warlike activity" of Lord Palmerston is exhausted upon
the " buccaneering war" which our Ministry wage upon
the coast of Spain. Only the other day the British
broadsides were protecting the Valencian ruffians who
were cutting the throats of defenceless people, instead of
marching out to meet the enemy in the field. British
arms and ammunition are supplied to the adventurer Mu-
nagorri and his raggamuffin brigands who, under the aus-
pices of Lord John Hay and our Christino allies, are
to enter Biscay as a " neutral force" equally opposed
to Christinos and Carlists I It is upon such a disreputable
—such a thoroughly absurd and despicable scheme to
cajole the Basque people, whom British steel failed to con-
quer, that the zeal and " genius" of our Foreign Minister
arc employed, while Cracow, Circassia, and Turkey are
left to their fate, and the power that has already ex-
cluded the British flag from the Black Sea prepares to
drive it from the Bosphorus. It now turns out to be alto-
gether untrue that the Russianised Shah of Persia has
been beaten and driven from before Herat. By the last
accounts that place was not expected to hold out a week
longer. The clouds gathering towards our Indi in fron-
tiers are indeed thick and gloomy. It may be some time
before the storm will burst which is to carry devastation
through the provinces of our eastern empire ; but burst
when it will, it is not by the talents and energy of the
g"
estatesmen" who
all
the now
interests
throw evil
of the
Grefatal
Britainspe l I
that of tthheei r
cala-
mitous consequences of such an explosion are to be averted.
At this moment, a hile the military ambition of France is
iGn open and profligate contempt of a solemn
promise to ou;
rmNeloseirgdeni tieemdr
,rmabinnueet Mean—we
tcialwauln: lel
ee
vhteehr e_wdanger
et
cttaohuetsrheee
LaCte arnd
overnment, firmly establishing itself on theP
las
Durham
ao
usrwre
hbhs
aci
ne fo
Intl
hhae e
storm of Scythian war rolls on nearer and the
all
to our
eastern possessions, how is the Premier of England engaged?
Acting the part of a dangling and enervated courtier,
revelling in unreflecting enjoyment upon his couch of roses,
where the duties of office are neglected—where the cares
an
of empire are Unfelt—where
di
the voice of public indignation
d the cirtyelyoieg
upon
the
of publicstress are unlike unheeded or un-
and pure-minded Qsimplicity and inexperience of a
ea
youngrd.
Queen the chief of the British
Cabinet, at this momento,usancdrislies, establishes his Epicurean
country
presents
eater of
fallingro,tfa n o t
suchem pi re
anothert o it s
fate.abod eTahteWhiisntdosryoroCf athstisle
England :gammaeyoitf
never present a similar one! The last desfptehreamte,
example of a courtier Prime 24
the occupants of Downing-street—of such o at least,
as have any public activity—is the new scheme of profli-
gate agitation which O'Connell is working for the whin
and himself in Ireland. In the mean time, timid and tem-
porising Conservatives, who wish to keep down the expres-
sion of a high tone of Protestant and constitutional feeling
in the people, say, " Let them alone—when the pear is
ripe, it will fall. Aye, but while the pear is ripening, we
fear the State itself will become rotten, and the 4441(10116d
