SOUTH AM gitICA.

'A ship'. which has just arrived :from Rio Janeiro
brings intelligence to the 34 of June inclusive.
The expeditioniitting out there 'was fully prepar-
ed for sailing, and would leave the port on the fol..
lowing day, it the wind and weather permitted.
,The whole consisted of a 74,. a frigate, six
sloops of war, and 'seven transports. Ac-
cording to the best informed persons at Rio-
Janeiro; the expedition had Monte Viders for its
object. The troops on board amounted to about,
7000: 4OOO of whom' were volanteeri from Por;
Angtil, who had served and fought under the Duke
of Wellington. --.
In the ine,m time the Independents ore availing
themselves of their present power to do all the
mischief they can ; for it. is stated on the autho-
ring of a letter from Teneriffe„ that they have a
frigate of 32 guns., and a sloop of 20, cruising off
the Canary Islands, _which have made several
valuable raptures from the Spaniards.. All
the American ports are said .to be open for
their reception, and the most active maritime
war is now going on. Several individuals; of this
country have al,o, according to report, recently
purchaed fast-sailing vessels, fitted them out, and
then proceeded to Buenos Ayres, where they are
equipped as privateers, receive their instructions,
and immediately sail to cruise against the Spa-
' 'tiaras among them is the Psinee of Neufchatel
privateer, from England, which is said to have ar-
rived at Buttnas Ayres. The Americans are equally
active, and are determined to second the exertions
of the Indeptarieuts ica Irtvourof emancipation.
On the-other hand, the mother country seems
at length te) be illii.et"C of the necessity of strong
corresponding exertions, in order to endeavour to
put down these powertUl illSUrtetitS4 acid sc4wd,

THE SUN.

tjtllB ITIt wl.r YALIIL/M AUI)EAT

LONDON,
FRID.II', AUGUST 9. 1816.

' We were right in our eonjecttires respecting the
gross exaggerations anti falsehoods dealt out in
the French papers on the subject of the Barbary
Powers. IV e have seen letters front Malta of the
I lth of July, which state that the navigation of
the Mediterranean was never so free from inter-
!
reflation, in the memory of man,. by the Barbary
pirates, as has been since the Treaties nego-
tiated by Lord .EXMOUTtr; and 'that the Maisaere
at Bona (in which hundreds were-stated to have
been slain) was a skirmish in which some seven
or eight persons lost their liVes, but no.Engliih-
'man, -nor any vessel under English colours -or,
English protection, suffered in the smallest tle•
'gree. Whence then arise those groundiesi
hoods in the French Papers—are the Editors au-
thorized and enconraged by " the Government to
rouse other nations, and England in particular,
to a Crusade against the Barbary Powers, white
France stands aloof and profits by it French-
men,- we should recollect, will ttill be Frenchmen,
and no experience will ever cure them of that
spirit of intrigue which would seem.to be an in-
herent quality in their composition.

We are sorry to learn, that a confirmation ltas
been received of the murder of Mr. Ltst,E, the
Government Messenger at Madrid. He is ',op-
posed :to have ignorantly entered a walk fre-
(panted by bad .eharacters, and was, perhaps,
autreted to have been a Spy among them. He
recrived seven stabs in his body. His cloaths
stud (Aber effects have already reached this couti-

which, of course, wi

troug

•

V

le

,~

It

'I

ig

:a

it

,C

:uk

A Dutch Mall, but no Fiends Papers, wired
to-day. Tic Brussels !utters speak of a Conscrip-
tion of 60,000 young men to be raised in France
in September, and amalgamated with the old sol-
diers esteemed trust-woi thy.

The Duke De BERRI has subscribed 2001. to
the Fund fur the Relief of the British Poor,
with an intimation that he will give a monthly
tohtribution of 501. 'till the Spring. We
trust this act of princely munificence may for the
future stop the mouths of those among us who
are so prone to slander his Royal Highness, and
to make theta feel something like the cou►punc-
tious visitings of shame tur the past. We retard
it with pleasure, nut so much from the satisfac-
tion it affords us to observe that a Bourbon Prince
remembers, in the nol►lest manner of residue
hrante, the kindness his family received among
us, and testifies his gratitude in a way most qt.
lightful to the British Public, as, frost► its ad9tilm
ciig so cheering an illustration of the principle of
inter-national philanthropy, burying the lode"
rivalry of England and France in the grave orge"
nerous sentiment, and uniting them, as it even,
in a community of bet►er feelings and social-love.
We may assure his Royal Highness, that beT
could scarcely have done any thing which could
more endear' him to a country emit! isitelyilive to the
glory of liberal actions, and fully. capable of
predating the grace and refinement of- tbis very
honourable acknowledgment.

We beg to refer our numerous and intelligent
Readers to the short political Essay it) this raper
on the 19th of last month, " Audi rllterani Par'
tern," and to the long financial dissertation of the
Morning Chronicle Writers of the 18th, as well Its
to their notice of the next morning of our "stir
Posed " Correspondent, whom, with abuse of his
" audacious " speculations, and vituperation of
his " devined " person, 'their W;iter appointed,
at once, to the elevated, thought thorny bench of
Chancellor of the Exchequer—on the next sr
pointment. After this retrospect, our Readers
will be a little surprised (if they can he, in dies'
days, surprised at any thing,) by " three " artk
°les on Pablic Finance,:•which have since
penred, the last this morning, in that vigilant
organ of Ministerial animmlversion imd finanriut
theory, in which all the point and spirit (neatly)
of your unknown friend, Mr. " Audi," ore Ad"
mit!ed, outgrew', anti promised to the Palie, by
"'the Chancellor " of their own appointateut-'
" after their own hearts."-Bth August, 1816'

BRIGUTOL AUG. B.—At twelve o'clock this
morning an Express arrived at the Pavili" sate
ettediately orders were given for preparations E"
expedite the departure of the Royal Visitors;Ml
few minutes after one the PRINCE REGENT RI
Duke of CAMBRIDGE left us. ‘Ve regret to 100,1'1
that the sudden and alarmingillnessof the Doila
of CLARENCE WEI the cause for this tutexPecis
journey.
Yesterday, about 12 o'clock;her MaissTY; "re
companied by Princess ELIZABETH, arrived°Lig
Queen's Palace from Windsor, escorted by gra
'of lighthorse. At three o'clock the Sberw 'old
London .and Middlesex, accompanied by the I
Remembrancer, were introduced to her Miiiesteli
to know her commands when she world be pleg?r,
to receive the congratulatory Address of the 6.°,,c
poration of the City of London upon the rnarrlien
of the Duke and Duchess of GLOUCEsTERt
her Majesty was pleased to aPpoappointnest Tuesu '
.e,
at four o'clotk.—The Sheriffs then proceeded
Gloucester House, to take the Cotnmands 4 the
cal
Duke and Duchess upon the same subject, ;$1
being introduced to them in due form, rbei"*.`'ilif
Highnesses were pleased to appoint the some
at
sfiovoe;
after the arrival of the Duke and Thicile,sc;
of GLOUCESTER ill London on WethiesillYi':tc
went to visit the Princess CHARLOTTE tin("IitilvIlll
LEOI'ULD at Camelford House. Their
Highnesses went there in'a carriage, but
back through Grosvenor-srptare, liond-strel'ets;
Walking is a favourite exercise of the Due''-reor
she was in the constant practice of walking"'
deal when residing at Windsor. the
Yesterday the Duke of KENT -dined vvitlit
Princess CHARLOTTE and Prince Laorl6tiPup' •
the evening her Royal Highness had a sn'u"
sical party. „ went
Yesterday the Duchess of GLoUCEsTIIt,
visit her Royal Mother and Sister upon 0101.311-
at the Queen's Place from Windsor. ,nlsr
The Marquis of LANSDoWNE has arr.;
Fraftt witiv his billy._
Count CHARLES Of ERBACH ACHOVBF:•—" 29t1
,
rat the AIM; btu service, &c. died on t 1,24) tats
nit. at the age of 85. years, having been 6v "
Austrian service. ports"
The Badger sloop of war is arrived of • la
month from Antigua and 13arbadoes'.
the latter the 3d of July, and briogs no et
Tb e ands were completely trampol. . e
*, trattrin"
The French, not cont,enten mitt' I-' sow',
the story of Abraham's sacrifice on tl'e,
It
have dramatised also the episode of e 0
is, as may
_be sul,posed, very different iffi,•cet
noble poem of our Mit,Tosi 531111! pos
in fact, it is made a ballet. Salason donee lock ;
tie sett' with the uatt.P of ("3 ("1, l;ifs,
DAlitah eta.' off 'Fit twit t ri-terv4l4 t'• twit
pipe ; and the Philisti, es surround and ley sabot
Sailcdriso:„.
victitu amidst the invvoulyil3 01* v'4util

PORTSMOUTH, AUG. B.—Arrived the Laurel,
lONES, from Pernan to OportO ; John and Ann,
JtussEL, froM London to lhiettoS Ayres ; Lang-
., ford, from ditto To Malaga ; Itetrireve tranh'port,
i' - horn Sr. tielensaired ITith June. Sailed his
. Najesty's ship Larne on a cruise.—Wind S.W.
,
,
PLYMOUTH, AUG. 7.—Arrived the Lady Flora
froth London, hottud to tht East Indies; Hydra
•
frigate from • Portsmouth. Put back by contrary
winds the Ht-dg, Thomi4sohr, and Midas, BIGLIAI,I,
b0110(1 to .Bengal.—Wind S.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 6.—Arrived the rook c of
York, MAismciritz,i, from London for Buenos
Ayres. Put back the I-Ivnry tett, Roxpund,,
bound to Barbadoei and Trinidad.—Wind S.W.
' HARWICH, AUG. S.—Artived the Earl of Lei-
cester packet front IlelVoetsluys.—Wind W.
GRAVESEND, AUG. 8.--Arrived the Robert,
WHIG tiTON, from Cadik.-Sailed 'the Vine, Ltikio-
1, ey, for Quebec ; Aid, CRA4'IE, for Bremen.

The private ship Sherburne arrived yeSterdaY
'in the Downs : she left Bengal the 28'h March,
aril St. Helena the 20,th June. The Lord Cas-
V ,
ereugh was toleave St. Helena in about a couple'
of days atter the Sherburne.
Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyds,
at Naples, dated July 15
13y this day's letters from Cortu, we have
the disagreeable tidings that the plague has broken
Out itt Cephalonia, and that 35 persons fell yie-
tims to it in three dap."
Extract of a letter horn the Agents to Lloyd's,
At Genoa, dated July 27 :
" There is news in town that a French vessel
with n cargo of staves has been captured by a Th-
. politan eruizer, and Carried to Tripoli."
We learn that the master, mates, passengers,
And clew, 17 in all, of the late brigantine the
Surprise, of,Glasgow, wrecked off the west coast
of Barbary, and made captives by the Moors in
necember last, have been redeemed from slavery
hY the Ironmongers' Company,: the ransom money
Vas 5000 dollars, exclusively of other expenses.

Ry the Glasgow papers last arrived, we are
happy to perceive that every thing is quiet in that
great rind populous city :-
1!
" GLAsGow, AUG. s.—Every symptom of riot-
i!ig, we are happy to state, disappeared on Fri-
.... ' (1"y ; and we have since .been in the most perfect
tranquillity. We trust we shall not again have
to record any such disgraceful proceedings.. A
troop of the 6th Dragoon Guards arrived at Ha-
i' .Inilton on Friday, and a squadron of the same re-
( ..
L. .gituent iron' Piershill Barracks yesterday fore-
! boon, Some of the detaelitnents of the 7alth have
ki Attlsotwen called in, and our garrison is now of re-
-1 ' ,apect,hte strength. The boy who was carried to
. . the infirmary on Thursday, in consequence of a
. . 'wound on the head, we are sorry to say,, died
, • last night. We understand that it has not yet
been discovered who gave the fatal blow, and.
} that the reseuttnent of the people has been direct-".
ed against persona wholly, innocent."—(Glasgow
lleruld.) yr.. *mom
EXTRACT OF A LETTER PROM DIWDEN. •
" M. Foucu a, DIME or OTRANTO.....TWO very
important publications respecting this distinsuish.
j. ed Statesman are about to appear : the first, is
llis letter to the Duke of Wellington, in which he
treats of the return of the King to Paris; of hisi
acceptance of the Ministry of Police; of the Or-
dinance of the 24th July, and of his administra-
li'm ; of his mission to Dresden ; and •of the
-causes which prevented him from entering the
Chamber of Deputies : the second, is, a .Piveis of
the ptibie life of M. Fanelli, comprehending 12
puliiieal documenti of great interest. This Precis,
it is said, Will poartrav'this celebrated man as be
really is ; it will exhibit his most secret send-
. lnents, the spirit of his public life, and the prin-
.
elides, which have directed him at all periods, and
in situations the most diversified. With the ex-
cept ion of the letter to Napoleon of the 23d April,
1816, and mutilated fragments of two or three
-"tilers, the political documents 'have never before,
I.2secti made public : they will naturally throw great
light on the personal relations of the Duke, and
an the history and character of recent events."

THR DUKE OF WELL! NGTON.---The following
Incidents, which occurred to the Duke of WEL-
IoToNt on his recent visit to Bristol, bear ho-
lionrable testimony to the benevolence of his ills-
Position :—A Mr. TRIPP, II respectable butcher,
his son, a lad about nine years of age, were
both online horse; the son, in the hurry and con-
fitsi;ln ot fire nnnent, was apparently in great
Lazard of being thrown, when the duke starting
bp, caught the child in his arms, took him. into
Lis own carriage, and during the remainder of the
Processient suffered him to stand behind with his
valet. A soldier hml pressed through the crowd,
&Ind at the door of the carriage begged permission
ic) shake hands with the Hero, a privilege he
`iainied from having been his cotnpanion in arms.
It hard day you and 'me had of it, yOut honour,
{hit diiy seven years.'' " Where was that, my
i4d." " At Talavera, your honour." "
"Rd euite forgotten it was the 27th of July ; .and
to
‘,‘ nal regiment did, you belong ?" asked the
"e• " TO the 3(1 Guards," replied the soldier.
And
why
are
you. absent front it p. Look at
r
'arm, your honour," says the soldierbe had
rst it in his country's cause. The Duke inane-
(lately gave hint a pound note.
bt(}" Yriday. and Saturday se'nnight three .narrow
f laden with the broken lace-frames belong-
t" H RATII COAT and Booant, set off
tin Loughborough, on their route to :Stour-
!/`". 4rout whence the river Severn and the Bristol
I‘,bannel afford an easy comintodeation with De-
oshire. the place of their ultimate destination.
.veral of the workmen also cuitiarked for this
!;''ttlemtnt uu Mired the.SITIC vemls, and
;.;; e prival tolontlAY theta.

ItAY All 11% r .—A Theatre &mid scarcely pris'ent
a spectacle intive truly grit tying in every respect
than the Little Theatre slid last night. It was the
first public appearance of the Duchess of Gt.ou7
CIiSTER With her lioltaittl ; and the affectionate
reception the Royal fair experienced was not only
gratifying as a personal compliment to them, but
as an effusion of loyal feeling and 'love for the.
Family of oil honoured Thezl.'tincess
always an Vhject of 'regard and esteem , where
ever she has come into contact with popular sen-
timent, was abtiost overpow6ed by the emotions
to which the loud and geffitine tribute of the
audience _gave birth. At the conclusion of the
first 'stanza of" 60a Save the King," tier eyes
were suffused With , tears, and it was evident
that what had come so warmly from the hearts
of the people had 1)0w-rated to the heart of
the Royal Bride, and prepared it to feel more
finely the painfully
_pleasing Sensations which
our gatioual Hylnit was otherwise calculated
to excite. The added verse front the pen of
Mr. COLMAN was well sting by DUIWSRT, and
produced a grand effect : we never witnessed" a
more general, more cordial, or More gratifying
diffusion of sympathy ; and we believe that we
only speak the sense of nine-tenths of the com-
pany, wken we say 'that the verse and the OCCa•
Sioll inspired a mingled feeling of exquisite enjoy=
meta, in whit!' the sorrows of the King and Fa;.,
titer of his Peaple^-01C 'auspicious union of his
Family—the lovely confirmation of the P'oet's
langliage, which was presented in the amiable
I'lllle-es's—and a multitude of recollections and
gritteftd 'sentiments contributed to exalt and pu-
rify the minds of all who were present.
Their Royal Highnesses arrived at 7 o'clock pre.
cisely. The. Stage Box on the King's side was.
as we yetrerday mentioned, tastefully decorated
with blue and yellow silk for click. reception.—
Exit by Mistake, Blue Devils, and The Agreeable
Surprize were the Entertainments.

It is almost unnecessary to say that these pieces.
were perforated in a style which does credit to
English theatrical talent. We have from the be-
-ginning of the season noticed the very .superior
manner in which the company it playing some of
our most amusing comic productions.; and .the
presence of their Royal Highoessek, with rill
-overflowing House, had not the effect of dimi-
nishing their exertions or clouding their genius.
Exit by Miatoke was gone through 'with great
spirit, and afforded much merriment. In the In-
terlude and Farce, Taarty's Megrim, and FAw.
CETT'S Lingo, and Mrs. DAVENPORT'S Cheshire
Princes, ought to be applauded as masterpieces
of comic art. -

In the conclusion re God save the King" was
called for and sung. The whole corps, as before,
'appeared on the stage, the Ladies White, and
all wearing white favours its honour of their ltoyai
Visitors ho departed amidst a repetition of shouts
and blessings.
ENGLISH OPana.—Last night a person in the
pit annoyed the audience, and amused himself by.
hissing, the whole performance, in direct Opposi-
tion to the general feeliog of the flooSe. At the,
conclusions of the piece of Old Customs, Mr. BA ET..
LEY (tit whom the greatest, disapprobation was
levelled) pointed hint 0111 to a friend : this being
noticed by several around, Mr. B. in the lint
scene. of The Maid and Magpie, was assailed by
a laud cry of " Apology !"- he immediately came
forward, and addressed the House in nearly the
following terms :
" Ladies and Geutlemen,—ln the double papcity of Stage
Manager and Performer, it ii my duty readily to ncknow.
ledge any fault which the audience may suppose to have been
committed ; bat being called Upon by a single individual, who
has distinguished himself alone by decided opposition to the
general sentiments ol the House—i respectfully conceive,
that if any apology-is due, it is front that person to the
Public.—('Loud crier Name html turn hilts out !'j" any thing further is required, I shall be most happy to
meet the gentleman, or his friend, at the conclusion of the
pieeg.—ikomd cheeting)—With every feeling of respect to
the audience,l beg to state, that further than this no man
canico—no man. ought to go—further than this I :Minot go,"
.6—(l,und-applaure, and crier of ' Turn him out
The Gentleman immediately took the hint and
quietly retiied.--(Froni a Morning Paper) •
