SLAVERY.

Mr. 1... WELLESLEY presented a petition from the
minister and congregation of the Meeting-house in Bateau-
lane, Chelmsford, against slavery in the West India colonies.
Mr. PENDARVIS presented ninety-six petitions from
as many places in Cornwall, against the continuance of
West India slavery.

CIVIL LIST-PRIVY COUNCIL.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER laid on

9 •
the table certain papers contsming an account of the Civil
List expenditute. They, were ordered to he printed. Ile
thou gave notice, that en Friday next, In should move that
the Howe do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole
House to consider so much of the Speech of, his Majesty
44 related to the Civil List.

Mr. HUME wished to know whether the Right Hon.
Gentleman intended on that night to propose e vote to
the Howe, or merely to make a statement on which he
should afterwards ask for a vote ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he
should on that night move his resolutions.
Mr. HUME remarked, that in that case, the Howe
would be talcvn by surprise, as they could not in such
haste be prepared to vote the Civil List; and if the reso-
lutions were pressed he should certainly be compelled to
take the sense of the House agaiust coming to any decision
at thst tittle.

Tl. CIIANCaLOR Qi the AXQUEQUER treid

that the papers he had just laid on the table contained
full information on the subject.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM called tbeattention of the Right
lion. Gentleman opposite to the return lie had moved tin
last Session respecting the salaries, pay, profit, and emolu.
.vents of those gentlemen who received more than 1,0001
a year. Though his motion had been carried, that return
had not yet been made, and the House could not be called
on to come to any resolution regarding the Civil List
while they were uninformed on that subject.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that
every exertion had been mails to obtain that return, but
there were still two or three names wanting to make it
complete. If. the Hon. Baronet would consent to receive
it in that imperfect state, it could certainly be given to him
in a few days at farthest.
Sir J. GRAHAM hoped no vote for the Civil List
would be called for till that return was furnished.

Mr. TENNYSON should oppose any vote for the Civil
List till the !louse at large were fully informed upon the
plan on which it was to he framed ; and he called on the
Ministers not to put the [louse in the situation of appear.
ing to refuse any thing to his Majesty, when, in fact, they
would only be hesitating about coming to a vote till the
Ministers had given them the information, they properly
required.
Mr. MABERLY urged the necessity of furnishing the
House with all proper information before the vote on the
Civil List was called for.

Mr. LEADER objected to making any vote on such a
subject in the absence of information, and without due
time being given to examine and consider well the nature
and effect of the information thus furnished.

Mr. Hump said, if the Right Hon. Gentleman pressed
for a vote on Friday night, he should certainly be obliged
to take the sense of the House against it.
After some furthtr conversation, it was understood that
the vote should not lie pressed for on Friday.
Adjourned at Half-past Six o'clock.

THE MONEY MARKET.

(From the Morning Herald.)

Confidence is perfectly restored in the city, and the
Funds are rising even more rapidly than they fell. That
there would be a reaction was to be expected, but we be-
lieve no one anticipated that it would be so extensive as it
has been. There are various reasons assigned for this. It
is said that our Cabinet are perfectly satisfied with the new
French Ministry, of whose pacific views they have received
the most positive assurances. It is also affirmed that
Guizot, and the other Members of the late Administration
will not, as was expected, oppose the present Government,
but that, on the contrary, they have expressed their de-
termination to support it. M. Guizot is reported to have
said, that as his political opinions, and those of his col- •
leagues, were not in unison with the feelings of the French
nation, it was desirable that they should retire. It was,
he added, never their wish to lead public • opinion, much
less to dictate to it, and that henceforth they shall
be content to follow and support the will of the nation.
The rise in the Funds to-day (Wednesday) has almost
driven the unfortunate speculators for a fall distracted.
The poor fellows really do not know what to make of it.
They should recollect, however, that they have lately had
' it all their own way, and should be content to let the
Bulls have a turn. It is confidently said that the Ministry
will be changed, and some persons attribute the rise in the
Funds to this circumstance alone. If this be the Case the
present men must be exceedingly unpopular. It seldom
happens that the report of the change of a Ministry has
the effect of advancing the Funds. They generally fall
upon such rumours--at least when there is any credit at-
tached to them. Consuls, for Money and the Account,
which left off yesterday at 191 opened this morning at
80i, then• fell to 80, when they suddenly advanced to
821. From this quotation they receded to 81i, but
again rallied till they reached 83, and finally closed at 82g.
During the panic they were as low as 77k, so that within
two or three days there has been a rise of no less than five
per cent. The heavy Stocks have all advanced. The
new Three and a Half per Cents. opened at 87#, after-
wards rose to 91, and left off at 90,-. The Four per
Cents, have been done as high as 99, and as low as Hi.
The last price was 68. Exchequer Bills and India Bonds
have not risen in the same proportion as the other English
Securities ; the former closed at 20 to 22, and the latter
at 11. There has been a great advance in the Foreign
Market. Brazilian Bonds have risen nearly five per cent.
to-day ; they left off at 69i. Danish Bonds are up to
60. Mexican to sq. Russian, in spite of the cholera
morbus, have advanced to 944, and even the poor Spanish
are higher ; they closed at 16a.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)

We have to notice to-day (Wednesday) one of the most
extraordinary re-actions that hint occurred (or a great length
of time at the Stock Exchange. The transactions exhibit
in the clearest manner how far the fears of the public and
the great body of speculators may be excited without any
sufficient reason. We do not mean to say but that the
state of the Metropolis and the country ought to have
created apprehension, though not to occasion so serious a
decline in the :Public Securities as that which actually took
place. The improvement in Consols, even before the
commencement of business, as compared with the closing
prices of yesterday afternoon, amounted to nearly per
cent., and before the end of the day to nearly 3 per cent...._
Before ten o'clock endeavours were made by a number
of the speculators to purchase Consols for Account at
80k, though 791 was reported to be the latest quota-
tion in private bargains last night. At ten o'clock souse
of the Jewish interest stepped boldly forward and
offered to take almost any amount at 801. This gave so
decided a tone to the Market, that the price soon reached
80—only maintained for a short time, the price filling
again to 80-. At eleven o'clock the Bears took the alarm
at the appearance of a number of the regular brokers as
buyers of Money Stock, on which Consols for .Account
rsse to 81, and the difficulties of obtaining stock were in.
creased by the purchase of 400,0001., for a great portion
of which 82i was given, the mine having been got rid of
during the panic of the last few days. Before the time
fixed for passing the transfer tickets for Stock, so great
was the scarcity of Three per Cent. Consols, owing to the
large quantity taken, that it was sold k per cent. higher
than for time. At half-past three o'clock the market was
so extremely buoyant that Consols for Account reached
' 82i, but were never decided buyers at this advance, and
soon afterwards the price fell to 821. The closing price at
four o'clock was 82g. In the private bargains there was no
material alteration, and in them the last quotation was 82i
sellers. One of the principal causes of panic among thelhara
WAS the necessity that existed of their being compelled to
enter upon counter-operations to those undertaken, from
the fear of sonic of the Bull speculators being incapaci.
toted from meeting their engagements. It will he oh-
served that the rise in the Public Securities on the lowest
prices of Monday, when Consols were down to 77, has
not been less than bi per cent. Money is now compara-
tively abundant. In the heavy stocks the change was
even more remarkable than in Consols : the 3i per Cent.
Reduced, which opened at 871, touched 91, and after
great fluctuations left off at 901. In the New 31 per
Cents. the reaction was from 891 to 92k; in the 4 per
Crate. from 96 to 99. Exchequer Bills and India Bonds
underwent very little alteration. The movement upwards
at the Foreign Market has been likewise on a yin', ex-
tensive scale, In Continental Stocks it has amounted to
nearly three per cent. Bosnian has been done at. 94i ;
Danish at 60 ; and French 3 per Cents. at 63 ; Spanish
are 161.

(Prom the Times.)
The initiations of a rally in the Punds which were
manifest at the close of business on Tuesday, assumed a
much more decided character this morning, and soon pro-
duced a remarkable change in the apect of the market far
Government securities. Instead of crowding to sell stock
—as was the case for several days past, and more parti-
cularly on Monday last,--all the dealers eagerly commenced
buying, and, being reinforced by purchases from without,
and orders from persons in the country, sagacious enough
to perceive the true nature of the panic tvith which we
have lately been agitated here, the prices ran up at an un-
usually rapid rate. What added to the effect of all this,
was the situation in which some of the more extensive
jobbers at the Stock-Exchange had been placed by the
very rapid decline in the funds; for, being apprehensive
that the persons to whom they had sold stock for the ac-
count would never lee able, in the face of so great a de-
preseioo, to complete their engagements, they sougbt to
protect themselves by counter-operations, and by selling
for short periods instead of the settling-day. Hence it
was found, that when the public begets to recover from
the alarm which prevented their seeing the true state of
things, and became purchasers of stock, the commodity
suddenly became so scarce that it could not he obtained far
delivery. To procure that which Was required fur to-
day, (Wednesday,) per cent. snore wee paid than for
time-stock, or that which is made deliverable on the
266. The last price of Console on Tuesday was
791 to /; this morning, (Wednesday,) it was
and advanced in a very short interval to 84 at
this point a re-action to 81 occurred, but the situa-
tion of the market then beginning to be understood, it
ruse again almost immediately to, 82, and sub,tquently to
83, losing little of its firmness up to the close of business,
when the quotation for Consols was b 2 to f.., The ether
descriptions of stock have recovered in a corresponding
degree ; the New 8/ per cents, have reached 82 to And.

the 4 per Cents. are 97 to 99 ; the premium on India
Bentda is 10s. to 155., and that on Exchequer-bills 23e
t&25.. On the whole, there has seldom occurred so re-
markable an alter4tion in the aspect of the money-market
is in tin:interval between this and Monday last, only two
'lays ago, when all was gloom and despondency. The
difference of price in Consols is not less than 5 per cent.
There can be no doubt that the more immediate cause of
the turn, and the new impulse given to the funds, was the
liscovery bow grOundless an apprehension was raised by
the Lord Mayor's letter for the peace of the City, awl also
to a certain extent, the obvious determination of the
Ministry to continue in power, which the citizens now
begin to consider as better than a change, especially since
they have explained that their plan of foreign policy is
essentially a pacific one. Money has been more scarce
to-day (Wednesday) out of the Stock-Exchange than for
some days past, as most people who had it to spare were
carried away by the prevalent feeling, and eager to invest
it in the funds. This effect, however, can only be tempo-
rary. Almost all the foreign funds bear higher prices, in
consequ.nee of the rise in Consols, but the transactions in
them had nothing else worthy of notice.

- _
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Messager des Chambres, dated Nor. 9.
(CORRESPONDENCE or THE MESSAGRE.)

Malmo, Oci. 28. —Numerous changes are making in
the commands of the provinces, the reasons for which are
not apparent. Llandez is going to be Viceroy of Navarre,
in the room of the Count de Castro Terreno, who ceases
to have any active employment fur the present. General
Foumas goes from St. Sebastian to the government of Tar-
ragona. General Redd has the command of the military
forces, both the troops of the line and the Royalist Volun-
teer=, and the tercios of the Biscayan provinces.
It is not known whether it is to cunning or to prudent
reflections that we are to ascribe the change in the conduct
of certain distinguished functionaries. At the grand ban.
qui given by the Count D'Espigne ut Barcelona, several
persons were invited whom public opinion designated as
Conatitutionalists. Among them were Gironella and Gile,
two powerful merchants of Barcelona; and they were re-
ceived with all possible distinction. This circumstance,
together with the favour conferred by the King on the
Duke of San Lorenzo and other old partisans of liberal
opinions, would give some hope of a return to less abso-
lute et inciplee.
Joseph O'Donnel, Captain-General of Old Castile, has
offered his resignation to his Majesty, expressing his afflic •
tion ut seeing his brother in the rank of Chief of the Staff
to Minn ; and he begs the King to send him merely as an
officer in one of the regiments which are on the frontiers,
under the command of General Rada.
The Constitutionalists who are inclined to make a new
attempt to invade Spain, must be deceived by appearances
of success, for the Minister of War has given orders not
to attack the emigrants till they shall have advanced some
leagues into the country.
BATONNZ, Nov. S.—The bad soccess of the Consti-
tutionalists in Navarre is far from discouraging the libe-
rators of Spain. On all sides they are preparing again
to try their fortune. General Vigo is already in motion
towards Laruns : 150 of his men have entered the Spa-
nish territory, and will be followed by the remainder of
the Constitutional troops, assembled on the frontier.—
Indicateur.

The Spanish General Burhi, coming from London, ar-
rived here yesterday. This General, who possesses more
extensive knowledge than most persons of his class in
Spain, commanded in 1823 the forces which defended the
lines of Cadiz when it was besieged by the French army
under the Duke of Anionleme.-Mentorial Borthlair.
FltliNCO FUNDS.-PAxis, Nov. 8.-Five per Cents.
92f. 921. 10e. se. 10c, se. 20c. 15e. 20c. 25e. 20c. 921.
25c. 30c. 25c. 30e. 25c. 30c. 75c. 65c. 50e. ; Four and
a half per Cents. 821. 50e. ; Four per Cents. 77f ;
Three per Cents. 611. 25c. 30e. 25e. 20c. 10c. 61 f. 611.
25e. 30e. 50c. 611.60 e. 45e. 50e. 60e. 50c. ; I 3 ink Stock,
1,615 f. ; Rents de Naples, 64f. 64f. 50e. 'Mc. 651.
651. 30c. ; R.'nte d'Espagne, 14} ; Royal Spanish Loan,
55 55i 1.58 ; Rents Perpetuede d'Espagne, 421
43 43i 484 ; Ilaytian Loan, 312 f, 50c..-.Exchange on
London, one month, 251. 25c. ; three months, 25f. 15c.-
Coors ,Autheutique.
