IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HO USE OF COiIMONS, MAlcm 19*

The House met at lour o'clock • but in consequence of this
being the day fixed for balloting for the Committee to try
the merits of the petitions against the return for the city
(if Norwich, and the return for the county of :Longford,
the gallery was not opened until nearl, five o'clock.
Sir H. PARKER brought in a Bill to enclo'e certain
waste lands in the parish of L yfirltl (as we undervood)
in the county of Suffolk, which was read a first time.
Mr. KEMP obtained leave to bring in a Bill for the
better supplying the town of Lewes with water.
On the motion of Mr. PENDARVES, the Helston
(Cornwall) Road Bill was real a third time, and passed.
Mr. DYSON appeared at the bar, with a list of the
following Members to form the Norwich Election Com-
mittee :—Sir H. Willoughby, O'Connor Don, G. E.
Wdby, W. B. Baring, J. P. B. Chichester, C. S. Lefevre,
J. M. Talbot, R. Pigott, J. Halse, W. Tavleure, and
B. Hoskins. Having been sworn well and truly to try
the merits of the petition, they retired.
On the motion of Mr. MOSTYN, the Abergele Road
Bill was read a second time.
Mr. HODGSON obtained leave to bri❑g in a Bill to
improve the road from Gateshead to Hexham.
CARMARTHEN ELECTION.

The SPEAKER acquainted the House, that J. Hughes
and John Lawrence, who had petitioned against the return
for the hor.ugh of Carmarthen, hanot entered into the
requiiite recoznizinces to prosecute the petition.
The order for taking the petition into consideration was
then discharced.

General PALMER presented a petition from Bath, for
the better observance of the Lord's Day.
Si H. PALMER presented sev,ral petitions from
places in the county of Soff,dlt, in favour of a better ob-
servance of the Lord's Day, and for a repeal of the duties
ua taxed carts.

Mr. DYER appeared at the bar with a list of the
names constituting the Committee to try the merits of the
petition against the return for the county of Longford;
they were sworn at the Bar, and then retired.
Mr. RIBBON presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of the town of Gateshead, in favcur of Borough
Reform ; also a petition from a dissenting congregation,
40; Newcastle•upon-Tyne, praying fur the abolition of
kievro slavery.
Cap'ain YORKE rose to call the attention of the
House to a private Bill, having for its object
the enclosure of certain Finds in the parish of
Oikington, in the county of Cambridge, which, in con-
sequence of some informality in the usual notice posted on
the church doors, had been thrown out by the Committee.
Tt.e Hon. and Gallant Member referred to some precedents
on the ground of which he hoped the House would be in-
duced to relax the strictness of its rules, as notice had
now been given, that the Bill might now he proceeded
with, in order to save unnecess try expense to the
parishioners.
After a few words from Mr N. Calvert, Mr. Hume,
Mr. S. Rice, Sir Thomas Fremantle, and Lord Morputb,
leave was given to bring in the MIL

Sir ROBERT INGLIS brought up ea report of the
Committee on Public 13,titions.—Ordered to be prin•ed.
Sir J. C. HOBHOUSE moved for certain returns re-
lative to courts of requests.
Mr. PUME gave notice that to-morrow he would
move that any Member presenting a petition should
attach his name to it.
NEGRO SLAVERY.

The Speaker having called on Mr. Fowell Buxton,
Lord ALTHORP rose, for the purpose of requesting
his Hon. Friend not to bring forward the motion
of which be bad given notice, relative to negro
si,very, on tt,e present occasion. He (Lord Ai-
thorp) con•idered it very disadvantageous that
such is question as this, when Ministers were preparing a
Bill upon the subject, should be brought forward in
the way no • proposed by the Hon. Memb-r. He consi-
dered it, besi,es, disadvantageous to the question itself,
while it did not place the House in a very de-
sirable position : he Cher-fore asked the Hon. Member
to postpone his motion, of which be had given notice,
until he had hear, the measure to be brought foi ward by
his Majesty's Mi. i.r-r-.

bt r. F. BUXTON slid no Nlerober was more convinced
than he was that it would he better that this great ques-
tion should be intrusted to t e hands of Government, ra-
ther than he p,aced in the hands of any I rivate individual
Blemb-r. 11.- had always been ready, and he was so
still, to surrender it into their bards on two conditions—
first, that they were prepared with a plan for the entire
and I,,tnediate extinction of slavery ; and, secondly, that
they would name the day on which they would in-
'et oduce it into the House.—(Hear, hear.) Ills conduct
might appear to bolder on obstin icy, but he
could assuie the Noble Lind that he had no intention to
interfere improperly with G.varnment; but he would ask
what would lie the efi-ct, at present, of postponing the
motion. Why, there would not be a day on which he
could bring forward the motion before the month of June;
and et that period there stood numberless other questions
of importance to be brought under the consideration of the
House. The question was one of such great importance that
it must not only he agitated, but set•led, by legislation, as, if
it was not, he was very much afraid it would be settled in
another and much more disastrous manner. However
obstinate he might appear, he must repeat that, if Go-
vernment did not fix the day on which they proposed to
bring forward their measure on this subject, he roust
proceed immediately to state the object of his motion.
Load ALTHORP observed, that the lion, Member had
stated two conditions ou which he consented to postpone
his motion. With respect to one of them it was utterly
jeipeasible for him to comply, but, :is to the other,
:mely, the fixing of a day on which his Ma-
jesty's Government would bring forward their measures
on the subject, if that would satisfy the Honourable
Member, he had no objection to mention Friday, the 23d
of April, for that purpose. If on that understanding the
Hon. Member would withdraw his motion for the present
he should be glad, but he could not state at present what
the plan Government intended to bring forward would be.
Mr. F. BUXTON said, that lie had rather overstated
his meaning, when he said the entire extinction of slavery.
He was quite satisfied with the promise of the Noble
Lord, and was perfectly content to withdraw his motion
fur the present.

BEER-HOUSES.
The Marquis of CHANDOS, on being called on by the
SPEAKER, rc.se to move the appointment of a S,dect
C. mmittee on the state and management of beer-houses.
Lord AL'FfIORP did not rise for the purpose. of ob-
jecting to the motion of which the Noble Marquis had
given notice ; but as it was one that would certainly create
consider able discussion; and as it would interfere with
other subj,ets of great importance, he trusted the Noble
Lord would not at present bring it forward.
The Marquis of CHANDOS said, th at as Govern-
ment were not opposed to the appointment of a Committee,
and as it would interfere with other subjects of great
public importance, be would, in compliance with the wish
of the Noble Lord, withdraw his motion for the present.
Mr. PRYME felt bound, tinder the circumstances of
the business of the House, to postpone his notice of motion
relative to the insertion of a provision in every Enclosure
Bill. allotting a certain portion of land to be let.
Mr. J. ROMILLY wished, with the permission of the
House, simply to move for leave to bring in a Bill to
r,,dke freehobi and copyh“ld estates, in all cases of assets for
t e payment of simple interest debts.
'Lord ALTHORP put it to the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman, to consider whether his motion would not
raise a discussion, which would prevent them doing any
business in Committee on'ithe Irish Disturbances Bill to-
a

Mr. J. ROMILLY said, that he did not wi.h to raise
a thseussion, but simply to move for leave to bring in
the Bill.

Mr. GOULBURN asked the Hon. and Learned
Member, whether his Noble Friend (Marquis of Chatidos)
bad postponed his Bill, under the impression that tl,e
House was to proceed to the Committee immediately,
he would make a motion which could not hut raise a
discussion as it did ten years ago.
Mr. HUME really did not see how the Bill of the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman should be postponed on
account of a Bill which, by common consent, was not at
all wanted.—(oh, uh ! and lauchter.) For his part he
would rather postpone the Truck Bill than this.
The Marquis of CHANDOS said he had certainly
postponed his motion, in anticipatio❑ of other gentlemen
doing the same.

J. ROMILLY then consented to withdraw hie
motion.

SABBATH.
Sir A AGNEW then rose to move for time to bring
in a Bill for enforcing the he ter observance of the Sab-
bath, and stated some reasons for persisting in making
the example set hinty other
his motion, notwithstanding
Hon. Alembers, but in so luvv a tone of voice as to be
quite insurlitil, in the g
Lord ALTHORP begged the Hon. Member to po.tpone
hi. motion, as it i.ould not fail to lead to adiacus-mn.
W
Sir ANDREW AGNE persisted in making it
amidst murmurs of eisap, rob Awn trout the House. The
motion was lir leave to toting in a Bail for he better ob-
servance or tr e Sibbdth.
Lora A LTHURP stated that the Hon. Member for
Bridport iturrully) had had just the same grounds !or
