NEWMARKET SECOND SPRING

MEE TING.

NEWMARKET, SUNDAY AFTERNOON.

This, the last of the Spring Meetings, commences to-
morrow, and will terminate on Thursday. It will be fol-
lowed by the York Spring Meeting the week after; Ep-
som, Hampton, and Ascot Heath taking place in the three
successive weeks. Chester also begins to-morrow, and
thus many of the north and west country gentlemen will
be unable to attend Newmarket as usual. It has often
been regretted that the Chester people do not fix their
races between the Newmarket Meetings; their occurrence
in the same week naturally injures boll.
The list for the ensuing Meeting is at present merely a
skeleton, nearly all the stakes having to fill " the night
previous to running." They will consist chiefly of handi-
caps, as the horses engaged in the Derby and Oaks are now
beginning to move towards Epsom. The only produce
races in the list is the Wretched Stake., for horses not
engaged in the Derby and Oaks. Should it be a race
Lord Stradbroke's Arethissa colt is likely to he the
favourite. The matches do not possess much interest.
The following stakes will close at the end of the Meet-
ing :—The Claret Stakes, of 200 soy., each ; the Port
Stakes, 100 sovs. each ; and the A!e Stakes of 100 each ;
all in 1833 ; besides several produce stakes, from 1835 to
1837 inclusive.

The Whip may be challenged for on Tuesday in the
usual way ; it is now in the possession of Sir M. Wood,
and likely to continue so, the Cup having been suffered to
remain without a challenger ; in fact while Camarine is in
her present form any attempt to wrest these prizes from
her would be usel ss.

In consequence of two or three horses having been sur-
reptitiously scratched during the last meeting the Jockey
Club have resolved that in future no horse shall be con-
sidered as struck out of his engagement unless the owner,
or some person authorized by him, shall give notice to the
keeper of the Match Book, or to ,his clerk, or to one of
the stewards present. They have likewise decided that,
after the end of the present year, horses shall be considered
at Newmarket as taking their ages from the Ist of January
instead of the Ist of May, as heretofore. This alteration
will save much confusion, and is worthy of general adoption.

Several Noblemen and Gentlemen have arrived, but not
a sufficient number to justify our making out a list.
Betting on the Derby and Oaks is at a stand-still in
consequence of the horses being about to move towards
Epsom. The fixtures for to-morrow are briefly as follow :
Handicap Sweepstakes, for 3 yrs. old, T. Y. C. ; to
name this evening.
The Wretched Stakes of 100 sovs. each, h. ft. ; colts,
Ss'. 71b. ; fillies, Bst. 41b. A. F. Not engaged in the
Derby and Oaks.
Match—Mr. Hunter's Rouncival, Sst. 51b., agst Lord
Chesterfield's Tourist, Bst. 31b. ; last 3 miles of B. C. 50.
sovs.

Match—Gen. Grosvenor's c. by St.inborough, out of
Twatty, Bst. 51b. ; agst Mr. Massey Stanley's Skimmer,
Bst. 21b. I'. Y. C. 100 sous., b. ft.

KINGSTON-HOUSE ROOMS, SUNDAY NIGHT.

The handicap sweepstakes for to-morow did not fill,
only two horses having been entered for it. The match
for to-morrow between Mr. Hunter's Rouncival and Lord
Chesterfield's Tourist will not be run, the latter having
paid. The Derby horses are now on the move towards
Epsom ; Lord Vernlam's lot are on their road, Lord Jer-
sey's Lucius and Glenmore, and Mr. Wood's Titian are
also gone; Lord Exeter's lot leaves to-morrow morning—.
it will include two for the Derby and two for the Oaks.

WESTMINSTER ELECTION.—The High
Bailiff, A. Moan's, Esq., has fixed to•rnorrow for the
nomination of candidates, at the usual place in Covent-
garden, and the two following days for taking the poll,
should one be demanded.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, MAY 2.
The result of the proceedings in the Cotton MArk.i
01 I,,Wt/ Watt, ming surd, consisting prin-
cipally of American descriptions, from (id. to lid.;
200 Brazils, in Pernams, at 9id. to 91d.; and Bahias,
at 131 d.
Lord LYTTLETON, son-in-law to Earl SPEN-
CER, and brother-in-law to Lord ALTHORT, is spoken of
as the late Lord FOLEY'S successor in the Lord-Lieute-
nancy of the county of Worcester. His Lordship and
family reside in comparative retirement at Hagley. The
Noble Baron takes little part in public affairs, though his
political predelictions are known to he in accordance with
those of his relative the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

GOLDEN EGGS.—At the present Pontefract
sessions Thomas SCOTT was charged with stealing seven
eegs from SAMUEL THORNTON, of Skipton. Lord
WHARNCLIFFE declared that it was the most trifling thing
he had ever seen brought before a county court. The pro
secution alone would cost the county 71. Ss. 2d. beside
other expenses ; or, in other words, above one guinea pe
gg.—Leeds Intelligencer.
STATE of MR. KEAN'S HEALTH.—Mrs.
KEAN and Mr. CHARLES KEAN visited Mr. KEAN, at
Richmond, on Thursday and Friday, and found him,
we are happy to say, consid.rably improved. He was
yesterday prevailed upon by Mr. DoyenEz to take nou-
rishment, in the shape of medicine ; and although he oc-
casionally suffered under a slight aberration of mind, he,
extraordinary to state, got up yesterday afternoon, was
dressed by his attentive servant, WILLIAM, and lounged
upon the sofa in the drawing.room for several hours. Mr.
DOUCHEZ left Mr. KEAN last night, at five o'clock ; and
although he considered his patient in every respect better,
yet far—very far, from being out of danger.

THE PITT PRESS.—This elegant building
having been completed, Tuesday last was applinted for the
Vice-Chancellor to receive the key of the building from
the Marquis CAMDEN and other members of the PITT
Committee. Having arrived at the building, the Marquis
CAMDEN and the other Noblemen proceeded into the
grind entrance-hall, and having invited the Vice-Chan.
cellar to the door, his Lordship addre•sed the Rer.
Gentleman, and then presented to him the key of the
building. The deputation, and a considerable number
of members of the University, here passed through
the entrance-hall to an ante-room at the f iot of the prin-
cipal stair-case, where a handsome printing-press had
been fixed for the occasion, in order to give the Noble
Marquis an opportunity of printing off a copy of the in-
scription, &e., upon vellum, far his own preservation.
Each of the other Nobleman and Gentlemen of the Com-
mittee struck off a copy for themselves, their own name
being substituted. In the evening the Noble Lords and a
party of nearly forty gentlemen were sumptuously enter-
tained by the Vice-Chancellor in the hall of Clare-hall.

The pending arrangements between Go-
vernment and the Bank of England have been little
noticed of late in the city, but statements have been in
circulation to-day of something final on the subject, which
is said to bear some resemblance in principle to that lately
proposed to the E ist India Company, the effect of which
is to insure for a certain time the same rate of profit to
all who have a pecuniary interest in that corporation, but
to transfer in reality the whole of its influence and control
to the Government. It is understood also that the matter
to which we are now referring is an amended proposition ;
that Government in the first instance made proposals;
such as that probably noticed on a former occasion, by
which the allowance for managing the public business
was to be materi illy reduced ; that, driven by the resist-
ance of the Bank to reconsider the :wetter, and more
powerful minds probably in the Cabinet having had their
attention called to it, it has ended in the adoption by Go-
vernment of views of a wore comprehensive character ;
that, in short, the idea is now entertained not only of
throwing the whole circulation of the country into the
hands of the Bank of England, but of making that cur-
rency, what it always must be in reality, avowedly a Go-
vernment one—the machinery to be conducted by the
Bank. The management will be left, it is supposed, in
the hands of the Directors, and the present rate of dividend
secured, for a fixed period, to the proprietors. This is
something like an outline of the presumed intentions of
the Government ; but, until the plan is more fully deve-
loped, it would b. premature to offer any detailed criti-
cism upon i:. Thus far, however, it may be remarked,
that to give the B Ink 8 per cent. upon its capital to do
that which the Government could du just as well by a
Board of Commissioners, is to pay about 4 per cent., or
nearly 600,000/ a-year, for the use and al-vices of a board
of Directors. With regard to joint-stock banking companies
for the ordinary business of banking, it is understood that
every facility and encouragement will be given for the
establishment of such companies, with large paid-up
capitide,..liforning Paper.

(From the Windsor Express.)
The return of the Court to Windsor was delayed until
last night, in consequence of the QUEEN hiving h.d a re-
lapse, after her partial recovery from the influenza. Her
MAJESTY was induced, we believe, to take an airing last
week, before the inflammatory symptoms of the complaint
had disappeared, and the result was to re-produce the dis-
ease in a yet more aggravated form; but we are happy to
say that her MAJESTY is once more convalescent. The
KING continues quite
The Duke of ORLEANS (who is expected to arrive at
CARILLON'S hwei this evening) is invited to dine with their
MAJESTIES one day next week ; the entertainments on this
()volition will be on a magnificent scale.
On the 17th of May the first state ball will be given at
St. Jintes'a Palace to the nobility.
Their MAJESTIES go to town again on Wednesday next,
for the week.
This day the QUEEN took a drive in her pony phaeton,
accompanied by Lady BROWNLOW.
The KING also took an airing in his pony phaeton,
passing through the town of Windsor to the Park.

SUN-OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

114 PERIA LPA R LIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his teat on the
woolsack,

Tre Duke of SOMERSET presented a petition from
Ho!beach aeainst the 19th clause of the Irish Church Bill.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented petitions for the
abolition of slavery.

The Bishop of CHICHESTER presented a petition
from Spalding, praying fur the better observance of the
Sabbath.

ROYAL ASSENT.

The Royal Assent war given by Commission to a Bill
for repairing houses adjoining the Tower of London, the
Warrington and Birmingham Railway Bill, the Birming-
ham and London Railway Bill, and several roLd Bills.
The Commissioners were the LORD CHANCELLOR, the
Duke of RICHMOND. and the Earl of Suarrasausx.
Mr. TENiIYSON and other Members brought up four
road 8i11,.. •

The Earl of ROSERERRY presented a petition: from
Kilhorn, praying for, borough reform, and from other
places, prying their Lordships to do away with tithes.
The Bishop of BRISTOL presented a petition against
the Irish Church Bill, deprecating it in the strongest
terms, and praying that it might undergo the severest
scrutiny when it came to their Lordships' House.
The Bishop of BRISTOL presented petitions for the
better observance of the Sabbath, and the better regula-
tion of the beer shops, from Ware and other places. Also
petitions for the abolition of slavery.
The Bishop of GLOUCESTER presented petitions
from the clergy of Gloucester, praying for the better ob-
servance of the Sabbath, against the Beer Act, and the
Irish Church Bill.

Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition from a parish
in Worcestershire, complaining that a perpetual curate
was only poi,' 401. a year, though the tithes were valued at
7001., belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worcester.
The Bishop of ROCHESTER said there were three:cu-
rates at 401. a year each, and the tittles were not worth
7001. a year.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions from Lime-
rick, praying their Lordahips to take into consideration the
subject of poor laws for Ireland. The petitioners were
aware of the great evils which had arisen from the
English system of poor laws, but they thought that
some provision ought to he made for the aged and infirm.
Also petitions for the abolition of slavery, from Carlow.
The DUKE of SUSSEX presented a petition from
the freemen and liverymen of London.
Several Bills were thea read a first and second time,
and the House adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair a quarter before five o'clock.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented aspetition from the barley
growers of Horley- for a full and complete repeal of the
malt and hop duties.
An HON. MEmBER. presented two petitions from parishes
and St. A'bans, for the better observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. HODGES presented a petition from the agricultu.
ral labourers of Eden Bridge and Holden, praying for relief

The Usher of the Black Rod summoned the House to
the House of Lords, to hear the Royal Assent given to
several public and private Bills, for which see the Lords'
report.

NEW SARUM ELECTION.
Sir JOHN RYNG brought up the report of the eom-
mitte appointed to try the merits of the petition of the
Hon. Captain Bouverie against the return of Wadham
Wyndham, Esq. The committee reported that Wadham
Wyndham, Etq., one of the sitting Members, was not duly
elected ; that the Itd, Bouverie was duly elected :
and mat the petition and opposition weie neither of them
frivolous or vexations.
LINLITHGOW ELECTION.

Earl GROSVENOR brought up the report of the
Committee appointed to try the merits bf this election,
declaring that the sitting Member, Sir A. Hope, had been
duly elected, and that neither the petition nor opposition
was frivolous or vexatious.
LINCOLN ELECTION.
Mr. WILBRAHAM brought up the report of the
Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition of
Col. Sibthorp against the return of E. L. Bulwer, Esq.,
the sitting Member. The Committee reported that the
latter G-ntleman had been duly elected, and that neither
the petition or opposition were frivolous or vexatious.
