PURPLE AND ORANGE CLUB.

(From the Norfolk Chronicle.)
On Thursday evening a special meeting of the Club was
held at the Rampant Horse Inn. There was a very full
assembly of the members, it having been announced that
Sir James Scarlett and Lord Henry Cholmondeley would
he present. W. Utten Browne, Esq., was in the Chair.
Sir James SCAILLETT'S health having been proposed by
the President, the Learned:Gentleman rose and said,--.•
Gentlemen, I assure you that it is with the highest satisy
faction that I find myself enrolled amongst a body of men,
who, in these times of trouble and difficulty, are ready to
join me in rallying round that Constitution which ha'
been the support of those blessings and advantages which
we Englishmen are proud of having possessed. It is itv
possible for me to expre,s the gratitude I feel in address.
ing a body of persons, whose principles, zeal, and one'
nimity, as well as respectability, give the lie to the
scandal that is cast upon the people of England, that
they are desirous of overturning all the institutions
of our country—that they are desirous of changing'
advantag,s experienced from these institutions jot
hopes founded on new and untried theories. I am arriving.
at the close of a long life, and I own that I should be In°6l'
ungrateful indeed, if I did not profess gratitude and zesn,
towards those institutions which have been the foundation
of my own independence.—(Loud cheers.) I am a de;
cided friend to a Constitution and limited Monarch'''.
am a decided friend to the establishment of the Peerage
handed down to am a decided friend to those pry'
ciples of Church and State, which, for so many centuril
have proved the stability, and contributed to the glory bat
prosperity of Engl ind.—( Loud cheering.) By tvh
name men professing these principles are denominated,
am perfectly indifferent—whether lam called Radical r
Ultra-Radical—Old Whig or New Whig—ConservatlT;
or Tory. I state what my principles are, and these •t ,
1
stand by. I regret that my engagements have molls,
impossible for me to contribute my personal elol.rt;
tons to the success of that cause in which we so
all engaged—although I have been absent I hiss
endeavoured to do all in my power, and so Ion::
I sin supported by so numerous and respectable,
partion of the citizens of Norwich, following the princiPte;
which I profess and applaud, they will not find me tit
person to abandon them.—(Great cheering.) I will Of
detain you longer—the night is far advanced, and tie
temperrure is rather advanced too, but it is not warrner;
I lope, than our zeal.—(Hear, and cheers.) Since Of'
arrival, I have received accounts and advices from iotlin;
of tle contest in which we are embarked being
foals whom I believe, and I entertain no doubt of the re")
with final success and triumph.—(Loud cheers.) I aleu,
you, that so long as those prospects continue, and I "s ed.
no reason whatever to suppose that they will changes Y°
will ever find me your faithful servant.—(Cbeeringe) be
Loid Stormont's health having been proposed by tu,
Vice-President (Mr. Culley), and been received with tm
greatest enthusiasm,
Sir JAatEs SCAILLETT rose and said—Allow me to
0,
press my thanks to you for the honour you have just c°,,dt
ferred on Lord Stormont.—(Great cheering.) One gris4
source of satisfaction which I experience in particilltoirl
in this contest is the honour of being united with Poe
Stormont.—(Cheers.) Ile feels deeply interested in, of
continuance, or, I should rather say, the revival 01 01
prosperity of this city. It is impossible that we 81704
not all feel that ire live in feverish times—that we .0(1
lost much which we were once proud of possessing,
the
eQ
that we are stinding on a precipice, where a fatal bs.edi
may involve the ruin of all that is left. Our first °Lc,
must be to secure that which we have, and to array "
selves against the enemy, whether foreign or doolo.lll
that would make attacks upon the property of indivit. tocl
and well-I),ring of the country. We will contribute, 'u°l3o4
we be permitted to speak our sentiments in a Ref?Liod
Parliament, to restore those principles which contro;
so much to the grandeur, the wealth, and the gl°.,
this nation.

Advices were received yesterday mox- too
from Bordeaux, of the 14th instant, stating that ." ties
10th the Miguelite army before Oporto had retrO
five leagues (15 miles) to Penafiel. ,
LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY.—(From 001 deft
respondent,)—Our el,ction f Mayor commenced toL7iir:
the candidates are CHARLES Hogs Fara., Esq. and, "'pall
CURRIE, Esq , and after an animated contest, "1,10'0.'
closed at four o'clock in favour of the former---P
FALL, 242 ; CURRIE, 209; majority, :33 ; Din ,r
ASPINALL and Mr. ROBERTSON GLADSTONE el
pointed Bailiffs. 31E. CURRIE is a Retormer, and vit: of
are entertained for his Suceete. It would be the 004
opening our close borough of corp3rators.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ON It. O'CLOCX•
}lank Stock
3Per Cent. Red. S3 2% 3 !India Stock
3
3& Per Cent. Cons. 83% 4 344 i Ditto Bonds
I,er Cent. — jSoutli Sea Stock 931.1
itto Red 9015;.% Oldj Annuities —
Nrew 334 per Cent_ 9144% !New Ditto ...... ......---- —3 ,
, :er Cent Ann. 17211 —j3 per Cent. Ann. 1751 ....
' Per Cent. 1626
B.
dek Long Ann. to expire 'Ditto '5OO 2O 22 pm.
Jan. 5, 180° Id 5-16 % . Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1059 —.— ; Ditto Commercial ...... . .. pm.
Jan. 5, 1800
...... „...,„ _....., !Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, 1880., ... i ... ...... Bank for Account —
April 5, i 550.,... ..... ...., India for Account
Jan. 5, 1870......... ...... Cons. for N 0.... ....... 1.,,37/8 4 :37,

PRICES OF FORFIGN FUNDS .
Austrian Bonds B9l
Belgian Bonds — I
Ditto Account 75% ,
Brazilian Bonds —,
Ditto Account 48%1
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
Ditto Account ,
4 !
Colombian Bends ....117
,
Ditto ACcdtint —
81110 Bonds, 1824
Ditto Account
68%
Ditto Account —
Greek Bonds
Ditto Bonds, 1825 ...... '. 7%
_Ditto Account
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent 2214
Ditto Account
Ditto, 6 per cent 2614
Ditto Account •'6%
Neapolitan !

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
IPeruvian Bonds .
i Ditto Account
IPortuguese Bonds
' Ditto Account 474
Regency Scrip 4i dis.
Ditto Account -ti dis.
Prussian Bonds 99
Ditto Account —
Ditto Bonds, 182. lOO
Russian Bonds, 1822 99.'4
Ditto Account
New Loan 03%.%
Spanish Bonds, 1821 13!4
Ditto Account 134 N%
Ditto Bonds, 1523
Ditto Account 131,4
French Rentes, sp. c. —f —c.
--- Exchange —f —c.
----:1 per cent. —f —c.
Exchange —f —c.
Dutch Scrip 403;
Ditto Account 407 i % 34
F.-inch Scrip 2 pm.

PRICKS OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, OCT. 17.
Bank Stock 19% ;St. Patrick Insur.(perShare)
Consols, 3 Per cent
Gov. Stock, 3p.' ' per cent. 90% :National Ditto —
Ditto, New — ' 91% 'Patriotic Ditto 4 per Cent — Hibernian Bank Gov. Deb. 3,'.; per cent 84% Provincial Ditto —
Royal ( anal Stock ...... ... 3979 Royal Irish Mine —
Grand Canal Stock — Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent — Mining Co. of Ireland
Ballast Office Deb. 4p. c. Commercial Buildings

COURSE OF EXCH.
Amsterdam C.? 12 6
Ditto, at sight '0 4
Rotterdam •-1 U 12
Antwerp 12 8
Hamburg M.E. 13 151
Altona
Pl 3 154
Daris, 3 days' sight 25 854
itto .................... .
2 U 10
deaux 10
Berlin
lFrankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 1541
'.etersburgh, ruble, 3 Us. 10 0
Vienna effective ft. 2 M. 10 13
Trieste
..... 10 14
Madrid 36
Cadiz 36
Gilboa
Barcelona .....................
Seville ...... 3514

LNGE YESTERDAY.
'Leghorn 47
Genoa 26 10
Venice 47
Malta 46
Naples 4O
Palermo per oz. 120
Lisbon
Oporto 47%
RI o .Tanei ro lB
Bahia 32
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight l%
Cork l%

BULLION, PER OZ.
Portugal Gold, coin 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars
Silverbars, standard 0 4 10;

FOREIGN EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, Ocr. 16.-13 13 ; two months, 13 11%.
BERLIN, Ocr. 13 —Three months, 6 29!5.
BREMEN, OCT 10—Two months, 6164.

MAILS.
Due.
Arrived.
Due. Arrived.
1
0 Hamburg
0 America ............... 0
0
0 Holland
0 Brazil . 0
0
1 Jamaica
0 Buenos Ayres ....... 0 0 Carthagena ............ 0 1 Dublin ""'•
0 (11
LLeisebwonard Islands
of:il
0 Malta
1
0 Flanders ........ ..... 0 0 France,,,,, 0 0 Sweden
0
1 Waterford
______________________O Guernsev&Jersev.. 0

ti H22..11 WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE- TO-MORROW.
__. '''_'!_v__.... minutes after 0. I Evening...2l minutes after 0.

BLACK SWAN COMMERCIAL HOTEL,
N-. 7 SHEFFIELD.
AII,IUEL CRICH begs leave to offer his
sincere thanks to the Public in general, and to his
Commercial Friends, for the very liberal support be has
experienced since entering upon the above Inn-
Having now completed the various alterations in his
house, and rendered it, in every department, particularly
cninmodious for Commercial Gentlemen, S. C. respectfully
solicits their favour and support, and assures them that it
will at all times be his object and endeavour to promote
an mheir comfort d convenience.

tip'A t*
. 54,

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 20, 1832'
No accounts have yet been received at the
Admiralty from Oporto.
u The delay is almost
b unaccountable
ccountable, considering that the wind has
so favourable during a part of the last
fortnight. Nothing official has reached the
Portuguese Ambassador relative to the Mi-
guelite fleet, which is stated, in private accounts,
to have been at Vigo on the 3d inst.

The Members of the Conference assembled
yesterday in Downing-street for the purpose of
deliberating on the measures to be adopted to-
wards Holland, and particularly of hearing a
note read which the Dutch Government had
addressed to the Conference through Lord PAL-
MERSTON.
If the determination, or obstinacy, or whatever
else we may call it, of the Dutch KING had not
been so conspicuous on every part of the Belgian
Question, it might have been expected, after the
menaces of our Cabinet, that the note alluded
to would contain some proposition calculated to
afford a pretext to the Cabinets of Great Britain
and France to suspend their preparations for
coercive measures, and resume negociations
13r the conclusion of a difference which they
want either the will or the energy to settle
by a summary process. It cannot be said
of the Dutch KING, however, that he has ever
Justified an expectation that he would be in•
duced by persuasion, or compelled by threats, to
abate the tone which he has maintained on the
Belgian question. In the note which was read
Yesterday to the Conference, he maintains his
character for consistency, and defies, although
not in direct words, the menaces of the parties
Who have presumed to dictate to him the course
Which he ought to pursue towards his " revolted
subjects."
The note, like all the other notes that hav e
Preceded it, is long and well written—if, in.,
deed, we may apply the term good writing to the
'°,Phistry and cunning of Dutch diplomacy. The
tag of HOLLAND goes over the last proposals
of the Conference for a treaty with Belgium
hrtiele by article, and advances against each what
ae intends should be conclusive in the way of
should)
; but lest the sages of Downing-street
"Id) in their high opinion of their own
his
Powers
of argument, be led into a belief that
of Dutch MAJESTY can be reasoned out of any
hisrninA,P°sitians, he distinctly tells them that his
his LL is made up ; that, strong in the integrity of
Motives
will and in the justice of his cause, he
never consent to the proposals of the Con-
Terence. There is, therefore, an end of all hope
58 connected with negociation on the basis laid
ac'vrn by the Five Powers, and which they so-
lemnly declared should be final and irrevocable.
But does not the King of HOLLAND hold
t'ut an intimation that, although he refuses to
ecept what the Conference have offered, he may
he induced to lower some of the demands which
Made at the commencement of the protocoliz-
tlg drama ? Have not the preparations at Ports-
-Inouth, and the movement of a French force to-
ards Belgium, had some effect on the nerves of
l.e Prince of Burgomasters? No : King
WILLIAM talks as boldly, and emand as
rhuundly, as if he had the armies ofd Russias and
Prussia within call, and ready to act at his bid-

ding. He is either a fool to stick thus to his
point without a certainty of support, or we are
fools to believe that he is not certain of support
both from Russia and Prussia.

How long is this state of things to last ?
K►ng LEOPOLD, roused to the difficulties and
dangers of his own situation, and aware that
there is as great a chance of losing his crown by
forfeiting the popularity without which he has
no power to make head against the Republicans
and Orangeists, as of havin!2- it wrested from him
by any of the Holy Alliance gang, whom he
may offend by not being sufficiently conservative,
declares that he will go to war with Holland with
or without the assistance of the ratifying Powers
in the treaty, if something be not done quickly
towards enforcing that treaty ; and the Belgians,
anxious to wipe out the stain of their last de -
feat, are every where exhibiting great enthusiasm
for a contest with the " big breeches," and the
recovery of the citadel of Antwerp, which,
through the wily diplomacy of Prince LIEVEN,
has been withheld from them. If the Conference
do not move a little more quickly than they have
lately done, the war in Europe may begin in
spite of their protocols, and their notes, and
their protestations.

We are now told that the Prussian Govern.
ment is become more friendly, and that, satisfied
with the guarantees offered (what a disgrace to
Great Britain and France to offer sureties to
Prussia for their good behaviour) it will not op-
pose any obstacle to the entry of the French
troops into Belgium. This may be the fact, but we
do not believe it to be so. The Prussian Go-
vernment has a different game to play, and if
more spirit be not shown on our side, it will
soon throw off the mask, and prove that two
years of protocolizing delay have strengthened
the Holy Alliance, and weakened the chances
of the friends of freedom.

A private express has been received this
morning from Paris, bringing letters and papers
of Thursday's date.
The Paris opposition papers, which have for
the last week been most vehement against the
new Cabinet, have become more pacific in their
attacks. They contain no news of a political
nature, and are principally filled with comments
on the Congress of Ministers, and the policy
France will adopt towards Belgium and Holland.
The Duke de BROGLIE, the Minister for
Foreign Affairs, has declared to all the foreign
Ambassadors in Paris, that France and England
have entered into a co-operative alliance to termi-
nate the question which has occupied the Con-
ference for the last eighteen months, with regard
to Holland and Belgium, and that a fleet is on the
point of sailing from Brest and Cherbourg to join
the naval force of England. In case that the King
of HOLLAND does not accede to the terms laid
down by the Conference, Marshal GERARD
and the French army, with the consent of the
British Cabinet, are immediately to wet Bel-
gium to preserve the neutrality that has been
agreed upon, as Belgium is to be considered a
neutral Power. The Ambassadors of Russia,
Prussia, and Austria have had daily interviews,
and appear much opposed to any military inter-
ference on the part of France ; but Marshal
SOULT is firm, and resolved on adopting deci-
sive measures, as the only means of keeping in
office, for the juste-milieu system will never give
satisfaction to the nation. A meeting of the
Opposition Deputies was held at JACQUES LA-
FITTE'S on Wednesday ; they have entered into
a treaty of alliance against the doctrinnaires on
the assembling of the Chambers on the 19th of
November. The KING holds a Cabinet Coun-
cil every day, and is resolved to support his son-
in-law, King LEOPOLD, in case King WIL-
LIAM of Holland should attempt an invasion of
Belgium. Troops are marching for the northern
frontiers.

Intelligence has been received by telegraph
that the troops of Don MIGUEL were retreating
from the environs of Oporto, in consequence of
the want of provisions, and the heavy rains
setting in. Don PEDRO was strongly fortifying
Oporto since the affair of the 29th ult.
Paris continues tranquil, and much interest
is excited as to whether war or peace will be
the result of the naval expedition. The Funds
are steady.

The Swabian Mercury contains some in-
teresting particulars of the grand Military Re-
views which have lately taken place at Berlin.
The Russians, it seems, were treated with more
respect than any other nation. The following
are extracts:—

ST. PETERSBURG, OCT. 6.—Our Journal, contain very
detailed accounts of the Emperor's tour through several
Governments. Count Nesselrode has arrived from
Witepsk, and Prince Meezikoff from Moscow.
(From the Swabian Mercury.)
BERLIN, OCT. I.—The grand reviews which are just
ended afforded a new proof, if any were necessary, of the
mo•t cordial friendship between Prussia and Russia. Cer-
tainly more than the half of the foreign officers who were
present were Russians, and if they were not treated with
greater politeness than the other strangers, yet in the at-
tention paid to them at Court and in the higher circles, a
degree of intimacy was observed which is usually seen only
with friends of the family. In other circles the pre-
ference seemed to be given to the English. It
was remarkable that not a single French uniform
was to be seen among the numerous suite that
attended the King and the Princes or Generals command-
ing the corps. It is however known, that French officers
were present, but they observed the strictest incognito;
why, is not known. In the same manner, the reception
which Lord Durham lately meet with here was very different
from that which Count Pozzo di 13,rg0 had experienced a
little before. All the honours were undoubtedly shown to
the English Ambassador that are due to a man of his rank,
the representative of one of the most powerful monarchs in
the world. But to those who have opportunities of oh--
serving what passes at Court, and elsewhere, it ap-
peared that the respect paid to Lord Durham was
only such as etiquette required ; whereas the most
illustrious personages seemed to take pains to behave
with friendly familiarity to the Ambassador of the
Emperor Nicholas. In order to complete the comparison,
people are looking for the arrival of Marshal Mortier, who
is expected to come by the steam-boat to Stettin. The
delay of the King's visit to Toplitz has given rise to many
conjectures, one of which is that a meeting is intended with
the Emperor Francis at Prague. No doubt is entertained
that Courts, which may be considered as the main sup-
porters of the pure monarchical principle, contemplate a
more intimate union for the maintenance of this principle.
Now there are several questions, especially that relative to
Poland, in which there are differences of opinion between
the great Cabinets, and the solution of which may be faci
litated by the meeting of the two Monarchs, who are
united by bonds of such intimate personal friendship.
BasitLlN, Ocz. 10.—Tbe following persons belonging

to the suite of the Count de Parthieu have passed through
Berlin on their way to Frankfort on the Oder; the Dukes
of Polignac and Blacas, Baron llamas, Marquis de Fores-
tier, Abbe de Meligny, and M. de Berende, tutors of the
Duke of Bourdeaux ; two young Counts of Grammont,
the Abbes Bonard and Bourdev:fle, Captain Guiynard, and
Dr. Bougon.
BERLIN, OCT. 13.—Prince Paskewitsch left Warsaw
again on the Bth, on a tour through part of the province
of Masovia and Plock.

BRUNSWICK, OCT. 13.—The Assembly of the States,
which had been sitting from 27th of August this year was
formally closed this day.—Hamburg Papers, Oct. 16.
HAMBURG, OCT. 16.—BORSEN- HALLE, HALF-PAST
Two o'CLocx.—The stock market is heavy, and prices
have declined, but the transactions continue limited. Dis.
count 2il per cent.
End of October.
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cent. 67%
Anglo-Russian Loan
Hamburg Russian
Russian Inscriptions, 5 per cent. 881,6
Ditto, ditto, 1831
Polish Bonds lll4
Prussian Bonds' 1832 lOl%
Austrian Bank Shares 1128
Ditto Metalliques
New Austrian 4 tier Cents
. . . _..

Count I)ornhoff, whose departure from London with
important despltches for Berlin was announced in the
London Courier of the sth inst., on his arrival at the
Prussian capital, immediately proceeded to Toplitz, and is
now on his return to London by way of the Hague.--
Hamburg Repo; ter.

The following are extracts from German Pa-
pers received this morning :

TURKEY.
(From the Monitory- Ottoman of Sept. 1.)
According to the latest accounts from the Grand Vizier
relative to the Bosnian rebels, the last remains of whom
were dispersed in small bands, those who continued to in-
fest the country were successively taken and shot, whereas
those who submitted were pardoned, and sent to their
homes. Tranquillity is every where wholly restored. The
last act of rebellion was committed by Hussein Vekli, who
shut himself up in a little frontier place called lidschik,
where he thought to hold out till succour came. The
Grand Vizier sent seine troops to attack him. When he
found himself surrounded on all sides, and besieged, he
submitted, without waiting to be attacked, and he and
his followers had their lives spared.
The Saudjaks of Okhri, Elb-assau, Ducakin, Priemen,
and Uskiub, which compose the territory of the Gbekas-
Albanians, are covered with old fortresses, which were
erected at a period of perpetual warfare, when the inhabi-
tants, constantly prepared for combat, found it necessary
to have every where places of rendezvous and re-
treat against the attacks with which they were
perpetually threatened. Since that time these nu-
merous forts scattered over the country, which are useless
in regular warfare, on account of their dilapitated state,
have served only to facilitate the operations of the criminals
who, from time to time, have disturbed the peace of the
country. This was felt by the majority of the inhabitants,
and, at the instance of the Grand Vizier, an Imperial
Order has been issued, commanding the pulling down of
these old dilapidated fortresses. Those of Scodra, Alkan,
Bar, and some others will be preserved, as really necessary
for the present defence of the country.
TRIESTE, OCT. I.—Our merchants have received notice
from the Government, that the hlorkade of the ports of
Egypt and Syria, declared by the Porte during the rebel-
lion of Mehemed Ali, is recognised, and they are to act
accordingly. Letters from Syria confirm the news of the
victory obtained by the Egyptian fleet over that of the
Porte, in the vicinity of Cyprus.
FRANKFURT, OCT. 4.—The German Diet has required
from the Governments of all the States of the Confedera-
tion the communication of all the existing laws and ordi-
nances against the invasio❑ of copyright, surreptitious and
piratical printing, and they will be used as the materials
on which the new and general law on the subject will be
founded. As the respective Governments have been re-
quested to lose no time, but to send their communications
as speedily as possible, it is hoped that we may shortly
expect the promulgation of this much-d-sired and useful
law, which we bear will be most strictly enforced.
BERLIN, OCT. 9.—The Medical Society of Berlin has
resolved to propose a prize for the best treatise on the
origin, nature, and cure of the Asiatic cholera.—Frank-
fort Papers, Oct. 13.

We give in another column a communication
of Lord GODERICH'S to the Government of
Trinidad, on the subject of the so much abused
Order in Council respecting the slaves. His Lord-
ship completely and satisfactorily, we think, an-
swers the objection made to it, as well as sets at
rest some other points on which the advocates of
slavery have long delighted to dwell. We more
particularly allude to the assertions that slaves
would not work unless compelled, that they were
not to be acted upon by the hope of reward,
and that if set free they would endeavour to live
in a state of idleness, supporting themselves by
any thing but labour. What says Lord GODE-
RICH, " The works of the engineer department
were executed at Berbice, and the Lieutenant
Governor's residence there was built by the vo-
luntary labour of hired slaves. And the Crown
negroes in British Guiana, who have recently
been made free, have since their liberation em-
ployed themselves in working for wages under
the commanding officer of engineers." His
Lordship mentions several other cases, which
establishes the fact beyond a doubt ; if, indeed,
any one but a planter wants proof of negroes
being men, to be acted upon by the same motives
as other men.

The Committee of Management formed by
Captain Ross's friends for arranging the plan of
the expedition to rescue that intrepid navigator
and his adventurous companions from their pre-
sent perilous situation, have, it will be seen by
the advertisement in to-day's Paper, resolved to
appeal to the public for assistance in obtaining
the sum of 3,0001. required by his Majesty's
Government to be raised before it advances the
2,0001. it has undertaken to grant upon that
condition. That the money would have been
subscribed by Captain Ross's personal friends,
as was originally intended, no one, knowing the
esteem and kindly feelings which all acquainted
with him entertain towards him, can doubt ; but
they have rightly judged that, as the object was
British, and not individual, the public would be
glad to take advantage of the opportunity to
manifest its feelings. It would augur ill for
England's welfare that her people should show
indifference upon a matter of this kind. It would
show a falling-off in that pride we ought all to
feel, in claiming for countrymen the brave men
whose courage and enterprise have subdued dif-
ficulties which no people of the ancient world
dared to encounter. Indeed, we doubt not that
the superiority of Britain will be more marked
to posterity by such efforts of moral courage as
those of Ross and PARRY, than even by our
Tlendid deeds of arms. It is just that it should
be so, for the one is always the triumph of reason,
the other, often of brute force.

As the Hague Papers of Tuesday, and the
Amsterdam Journals of Wednesday, are wholly silent on
the King's Speech to the States-General, which arrived
here in a separate sheet of printed paper, perfectly discon-
nected with the diurnal Press, though printed immediately
after the delivery from the throne, it may be inferred that
the Dutch Government, after the arrival of the couriers
from Berlin and London, perceiving the altered situation
Holland was thereby placed in, felt it expedient to inter-
dict the publication of the King's Speech for a time, con-
templating then already the two notes which arrived by
the At/wood on Thursday, and were to be laid before the
Conference today, and of which the KING could have had
no idea at the time when the Speech was arranged. Indeed
the non-publication of this important document in the
usual channels of information cannot be explained or ac-
counted for in any other way.

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Load of 36 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND (LATE ST. JAMES'S.)
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 15 to £3 0
►dew Meadow Hay 2 15 3 15
Useful Old Ditto 3 0 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 5
Clover Hay 4 0 5 5
Oat Straw £1 Bto £1 10 1 Wheat Straw ... 1 12 1 13
Supply moderate, trade steady, and prices stationary.
SMITHFIELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 0 to £3 5
New Meadow Hay 3 0 3 10
Useful Old Ditto 3 5 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay (extra fine)....ts 5 ..Generally
nit Straw ....e1 10 to -£1 121 Wheat Straw 1 12 1 13
Clover Hay ss. per load lower than last quoted ; prices otherwise
stationary. Supply short, and trade dull.

CHOLERA MORBUS, OFFICIAL REPORT.

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

William Richard Glazier, aged 52, described in the
calendar as a conveyancer, a person of a gentlemanly ap-
pearance, was indicted for uttering a forged power of at-
torney for the transfer of 4361. 16s. in the 4 per cent.
annuities, standing in the joint names of himself and
Gamaliel Butler, with intent to defraud the Bank of
England.

The prisoner pleaded Not Guilty to all the cou Its of the
indictment but the last, and to that he pleaded Guilty. L
charged him with demanding the transfer of !tuck under
the colour of a forged power of attorney, he knoxing it to
be forged.
Lord Chief Justice TINDAL—That offence, I believe,
under the Act of Parliament, is not capital.
Mr. CLAnKsoN7-No, my Lord.

- .
Mr. FOLLETT addressed the Jury for the prosecution,
and said that the last count in the indictment would no.
come under their consideration, because the prisoner had
pleaded guilty to that part, and the offence in that count
was not of a capital nature. The other counts however
to which he had pleaded not guilty were of a capital na-
ture, as the Jury were probably aware that the Le-
gislature thought fit during the last Session, while
altering the laws regarding the punishment of deat'
in casts of forgery, to retain the capital punish-
ment in cases of forging and uttering forged powers
of attorney for the payment of public stock. The
Learned Counsel, however, thought, as the prisoner had
pleaded Guilty to the last count, that he should best dis-
charge his duty to the public if he refrained from offering
any evidence on the capital parts of the indictment, for
there were some circumstances in the case which rendered
it unnecessary to proceed capitally, particularly as it took
place in April, 1830, some time before the passing of the
last Act of Parliament.

The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE told the Jury that as no evi-
dence was offered for the prosecution, the prisoner was en
titled to an acquittal on the counts to which he had
pleaded Not Guilty.
The Jury found a verdict of Not Guilty, and the pri-
soner was removed from the bar.

Alexander Edward IVatkin Hayes, aged 24, de
scribed as a clerk, was indicated for uttering a forged 61.
note with intent to defraud the Bank of England ; he wa,.
charged in another count with uttering it with intent to
defraud Henry Simpson.
Mr. FOLLETT stated the case for the prosecution.
Mr. Henry Simpson, hosier and glover, of New-street,
Covent-Garden, stated that the prisoner came to his shop
on the evening of the Ist of October, and asked for a
green silk handkerchief with an orange border. Witnes-
said he had not one of that kind. He then asked to look
at some black silk handkerchiefs, and witness showed him
some ; two of which be agreed to purchase at 4s. 6d. each,
and also another handkerchief for 3s. 6d. He tendered in
payment a 51. note, which witness immediately perceived
was a forgery. Witness detained him in conversation, but
be appeared agitated and desirous of leaving the shop.
Witness asked his a.ldress, and he gave it as Edward Wat-
kins, No. 1, New-street, Cannon street-road. \V tne-s,
holding the note, said, " This is a forgery, and you know
it." Prisoner said, " For Gorl's sake, don't make any
noise ; can I speak to you in your private room ?" Wit-
ness desired him to walk into the back room, and when
there the prisoner said, " I hope you don't consider I am a
passer of forged notes." Witness said he did not knots
what he was, but he must see, and asked him how mans
more he had about him. Prisoner remarked, "Don't
you think lam innocent." Witness repeated his question,
and the prisoner said he bad but one more, and taking out
his note case, showed it to witness. Witness took it and
perceived that it was a'so a forgery. Witness gave bin.
into the custody of a policeman.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS-Did not bear the
prisoner on the read to the station house propose to take
the policeman, and show him the person from whom he
had the notes. The prisoner said he had got the notes a
a house in Wych.street, Strand.
Francis Reynold, a policeman, took charge of the pri
goner in Mr. Simpson's back parlour. O❑ searching him
be found only some silver and halfpence, eatl a note-case.
Witness received the two forged notes of Mr. Simpson
now produced. On taking the prisoner from the station-
house to Bow-street, he said if witness would let him w..lk
on before, he would show him the public• house where he
got the notes. Witness asked for the sign of the honse,
hut he said he could not tell bim. Witness would not let
him walk on berme for fear he should run away.

Cross-examined—He did not state the street in which
the public-house was, but he said there were tire other
young men in the house at the time.
Mr. John Till, of No. 1, New-street, Cannon.street-
road, stated that he had lived there for many years, and he
stated that the prisoner never lived in that house during
the time he occupied the house. Witness had often seer,
the prisoner in the street, and had known his father fiv,
or six years.

Cross-examined—Had often spoken to the prisoner.
His father kept a public-house formerly, but was now
dead, and witness bad often seen the prisoner in his fa-
ther's house. The prisoner had never visited witness or
his family, nor had prisoner to witness's knowledge come
to his house at any time. Had a lodger named Davidson,
and believed the prisoner had visited Davidson.
William Francis Middleton, watchmaker in the Com-
mercial road, stated, that a person, whom he believed to
be the prisoner, called at bis shop on the 27th August,
and asked to look at a gold chain, the price of which wa.
five guineas. The prisoner said it was too much, and
asked to look at some seals, one of which he selected, the
price of which was 355. There was another person with
the prisoner. They talked together, and then the prisoner
offered a guinea and a half, which witness agreed to take;
the prisoner then tendered a 51. note; witness asked his
name and address, and wrote it en the back of the not,:
now produced—" 11r. Evans, No. 1, Kerser-street ;'
witness asked him where Kerser-street was, and he said
"at the top of Cinnon-street-road." Witness then gave
him the seal, and in change, three sovereigns and Bs. 6d.

Cross-examined—Was Vat the examination at Bow-
street last Monday week; refused to swear to the prisoner,
because when he tendered the 51. note he had whiskers,
and when at Bow-street he was without whiskers, whicl
made a very great alteration in him. It was five weeks
after witness received the note that he discovered it was a
forgery.
John Warner, shop-boy to the last witness, remember,d
the two persons coming to his master's shop on the 27th
of August, and identified the prisoner as having been on,
of them. The witness was sent to find out the prisoner,
at No. 1, Kerser-street, but could not find out any such
street.

Mr. Joshua Freeman, an Inspector of Bank notes to
the Bank of England, pronouced the two notes produced
by Mr. Simpson and that produced by Mr. Middleton, to
be forgeries, and all apparently from the same plate.
The prisoner put in a long written defence. He said.
that being possessed of a small independence, and having
much leisure time, he frequented many places of public
resort. At one of those places be met with one young
man with whom he became intimate ; on the morning of
the day on which be was taken he met that person, and
they agreed to pass that evening together. In the evening
he met that person and two others at the Peacock Ta-
vern, Maiden-lane, and while there one of them asked him
to go and buy some silk handkerchiefs for him, which he
consented to do, and he was given a 51. note to pay fo►
them; another of the company asked him to execute a si-
milar commission, and also gave him a Si. note ; he added
that he then went to Mr. Simpson's shop to buy the hand-
kerchiefs, when he was stopped on the present charge.
He wished the policeman to go with him to the public-
house in Maiden-lane, where he could have found the per
eons of whom he had the notes, but the policeman refused
to go there.

Henry Hammond, a waiter at the Peacock, stated that
he recollected four young men coming there on the evening
of the Ist of October ; but as he could not identify the
prisoner as being one of them, his evidence was rejected.
The prisoner had a most excellent character given of
him from a number of very respectable persons, who had
known him many years.
Mr. Justice PARKS having summed up the evidence,
The Jury found the prisoner Guilty, but recommended
him to mercy on account of his previous good character,
in which recommendation the prosecutor strongly joined.
Mr. Justice PARKE said the recommendation should be
forwarded to his Majesty.
