KETS.

--- -
WEEK ENDING AUG. :74.
From Ti Al ‘r.rage
43 0 49 0 46 8
0 _.O 0
0
—0 0
14 0 l5 6 11 6
10 0 25 0 -• 0
13 0 17 0 14 II

139 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone
0 Bere l6 stone
0 Barley
403 Oats l4 stone.
16,281 Flour, per cwt
419 Oatmeal 8 stone
Sold to Bakers only.
16,231 Cwt. Flour
Average price of Wheat and Flour 56.. 4,1. per sack.
Firsts from 225. Od. to 255. 01.
Receipts of Flour, 11,743 Seconds from 19%. 0.1. to 225. 01
Sales of Do. 18,003 Tnirds
PRICE OF BREAD.
Quartern Loaf lO.l. I Half Quartern
CORK MARKETS.—Aug. 25
Wheat (per 205t.)1
...32s od. t 042.. Od. Oats (per 14.t.y 85.6.1. to 14,
0
Barley (per 165t.)...14 6 15 0 Flour (per cwt) 7 0 28
Oatmeal (per cwt.) los. Od. to 16.. Od.
Beef, 4d. to bd. ; Mutton, 4d. to 6d. ; Veal, 4d to 6d. ;
Pork, 4d. to 40. ; Fresh Butter, 10d. to Ild. per lb.
PRICE OF BUTTER.
To the Merchants.
First Quality 9OB
Second
Third
Fourth 73
Fifth
Sixth

To the Counts!
83s.

• CLONMELL MA
•
Per
s. d. s. 3.1
New Butter BO oto 84 0
Oatmeal 12 6 13 6
Rendered Lard 0 44 0
Per
Flour, second . . • . ••-• 34 0
----IlousebolCl 0 32 0
Rapeseed 20 0 Per
Bete 8 4 10 0
Per Si
W heat 0 14 0 16
vats 0 7 0 8
KILKENNY
Wheat (per barrel) 26s Od. to 31s. od.
Barley
Oats
Flour (per bag).— 18 0 34 0
Butter(per cwt.) B4 0 92 0
Bacon Pigs 35 0 36 0
Coals 1 1 1 3

RICETS.-Aug. 25
Cwt,

The business of the Association was concluded on Satur-
day cvening,lat the general meeting in the Central Exchange.
The Duke of Northumbeiland being absent from indisposition,
the chair was filled by the Lord Bishop of Durham.
Some alterations in the constitution of the Association,
which had been agreed to at the general Committee, were
then read, but they were only appointing delegates from phi-
losophical societies and others to be ex-officio members of the
Committee. The distinguished foreigners who visit the As-
sociation were to Le elected corresponding members. It was
then stated that the next meeting of the Association would
take place in Birmingham in the month of August, and on
such day and time as shall be fixed by the Council in London.
The Rev. W. Vernon Harcourt, son of the Archbishop of
Yo? k, is to be the President ; the Marquis of Northampton,
the Earl of Dartmouth, Dr. Robinson, and John Currie, Esq.,
are to be the Vice-Presidents. _

From the Treasurer's report it appeared that the total
amount of money received for the issue of tickets and the sale
of books, amounted to 2,4101. 10s.
After this business had been gone through, the Marquis of
Northampton came forward, and in the course of his speech
observed that it would be his pride to act under such a Presi-
dent as Mr. Harcourt, who, along with Sir David Brewster,
might be considered the originator of the Association. His
immediate object was to propose thanks to the Mayor and Al-
dermen of the Corporation of Newcastle.
Professor WHEWELL seconded the motion, and spoke
wanly of the kind reception they had met with. All diffi-
cdities hadleen removed, and every facility had been put in
their way.
This motion, like several succeeding ones for a vote of
thanks to the disti❑guished foreigners who were at the meet-
ing, the local officers and others, was carried by acclamation.
The Bishop of Durham finally declared the Eighth Session of
the British Association closed, and that they would meet in
August next year in Birmingham.

DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT MAN-

CHESTER.

Monday morning an express from Manchester arrived in town,
and was received by Messrs. Mackintosh, the celebrated patent
waterprooof India-rubber cloak manufacturers, of Charing-
cross, announcing that nearly the whole of the extensive ma-
nufactory there belonging to them was burnt to the ground.
It appeared that after the men employed in the factory had left
work on Saturday night the place was closed up, and every-
thing as usual apparently secure. Between twelve and one
o'clock on Sunday morning immense volumes of smoke were
observed issuing forth from the various parts of the building,
and which almost immediately after broke out into the most
vivid flames. Every assistance was rendered as soon as pos-
sible by the engines belonging to the various fire insurance
Companies at Manchester to extinguish the devastating ele-
ment, but without great success ; the flames, as fast as subdued
in one quarter, contriving to spread to another, and the build-
ing being still burning with great violence when the express
left for town.

ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS. —LOSS OF SEVERAL LIVES.
A local paper furnishes the following further particulars of
the melancholy event :
About one o'clock the hose of one of the engines was
passed up to Watson, a fireman, who, with several others,
played upon the burning pile beneath, but without much ap-
parent effect. In the adjoining room to that in which they
were at work was an immense cylindrical cistern, filled, or
nearly so, with a composition, which, by some means unknown
to the firemen, the fire reached, when it exploded with terrific
violence ; several of the men in the adjoining room being
blown off their legs and forced violently against the walls, by
which many of them were severely injured.
It is reported that about this time some one set the machine
of the manufactory going, which being placed in the upper
part of the building, and thereby shaking the burning pile
from the roof to the foundation, probably might have been, as
is conjectured, the cause of the dreadful catastrophe which
immediately followed.
Poor Watson, together with the whole of that part of the
building, was precipitated into the flaming abyss beneath.
This was quickly followed by the roof, the falling of which for
a few seconds appeared to have entirely extinguished the fire,
but as soon as the dense volume of smoke and dust, which re-
sulted from such a mass of machinery, brickwork, and timber
coming down on it, had rolled away, the flames burst forth
with redoubled vigour. This occurred about two o'clock, and
although the force-pumps of the manufactory, aided by the
engines brought by the fire-brigade, did not cease playing on
the premises, it was not till three o'clock that the fire was any-
thing like subdued. As soon as it was, active exertions were
made by the fire brigade, the police, and, in fact, by every per-
son congregated within the walls of Messrs. Macintosh's pre-
mises, to give relief or assistance to the unhappy sufferers,
who, it was too truly conjectured, lay buried beneath the ruins.
At a quarter-past three fireman Johnson heard some one groan-
ing under a heap of burning materials, a portion of which
being quickly removed, the head and shoulders of a poor
follow named Jones, it is believed, who had volunteered as-
sistance to the firemen, appeared, covered up to the waist by
a vast quantity of the fallen building. He cried out faintly,
though imploringly, to Johnson, " Give me a drop of water!
Oh water ! Oh Lord, my poor wife and children !" John-
son procured him some water, and then turned round to speak
to a fellow-fireman, who stood only a few yards off, when a
mass of rubbish again fell, completely covering, and, as it
afterwards proved, killing the wretched man, already half
buried there,
The two firemen and Mr. Rose had a narrow escape, being
struck and covered with portions of the same fall as killed
Jones; indeed, Mr. Rose was crushed by it. After unre-
mitting and strenuous exertions, about six o'clock the body of
the unfortunate Watson was discovered; and strange to say
(when it is recollected that he apparently fell into, as it
were, a vast blazing furnace), although dreadfully crushed,
t, with the exception of his hands, the fingers of which were
either burned or torn off, leaving little but the stumps, his
person did not appeer injured by the fire.
Wise tly afterwards the men engaged in searching, which
from the extremely tottering state of the remaining walls,
was a work of great danger, discovered another body, which
turned out to be also that of a volunteer, who, previously to
offering has services, had given, as is believed, the name of
Morgan. It presented a frightful appearance. No sooner
dug out than another was seen, which
had this body been
after much lal our, was also taken, with the body of
Morgan, to the King's Arms. It proved to he the ecscqies gf
e person parried ;'tjasii, (sr March.
Just at this time, about 12 &clock, the excitement of the
vast multitude assembled was extreme. The carrying out of
the dead bodies, the wailing of the relatives, and the anxiety
of
many to ascertain the fate of those who were missing, el-
together presented 4 scene painful to the beholder, and diffi-
cult to describe.
There are several persons still missing, and it is feared that,
ere the efforts of the searchers are finished, a frightful addition
will be made to the catalogue now given.
One of the gable ends of the manufactory being in a very
tottering condition, it was thought advisable to pull it down ;
accordingly,
a man ventured up and fixed a rope to it, when
one in the yard lending a hand, and pulling alto.'
nearly every
t down it came with a noise resembling thunder.
ge Nhi€:..r'molyneux, the chief engineer at Messrs. Macintoih's
manufactory', but a few week's since, when falling from the
third story of the building, was seriously injured, and on the
present occasion lie had his arm broken.
Mr. Ostler, conductor of the Salford fire brigade was se-
riously injured by the falling of the ruins; and a fireman,
named Potlitt, was taken to the Infirmary in a pitiable state,
as were many others whose names are at present unknown.
It must les considered a most providential circumstance that
the fire did not reach an immense cistern, containing about
40,000 gallons of naptha, which was not more thaii five yards
off' from where it was raging with violence ; had it done so,
the consequences to those in the neighbourhood must neces-
sarily have been frightful.
Not the slightest conjecture can be formed as to the cause
of this lamentable fire; neither is it known at present in what
pa"t of the premises it broke out, although the watchman
first discovered the symptoms in the upper part of the manu-
factory.

Manchester, Monday Evening.
An inquest was held on the bodies of five men. Evidence
having been given,
The CORONER summed up, and the jury returned a verdict
of " Accidental Death."
It is stated that a subscription is to be set on foot for the
relief of the families of the dcceascd. The loss sustained by
Messrs. Macintosh and Co. is stated to exceed 20,0001., and
they are only insured to the amount of 5,000/. About 400
people will be thrown out of employment for a short time ;
but Messrs. Macintosh and Co. expect to make such arrange-
ments that their workpeople will not be deprived of their em-
ployment for more than a fortnight.

FORGING SEANIEN's W —A ----
ILLs. old man,
named Glover, and his daughter, whose case has already been
stated in The Sun, were yesterday fally committed for trial
from Lambeth street Office, on a charge of forging a docu-
ment, purporting to be the will of a seaman named Byrne,
lately employed by Mr. Bennett, an extensive shipowner, with
a view to obtain the arrears of wages due to deceased, amount-
ing to about thirty pounds. Mr. Hartree, principal clerk to
Mr. Bennett, had detected the fraud from observing that the
document was mer,ly signed with a cross, although he knew
deceased to be an excellent writer. From the documents
found at tne lodgings of the prisoners it is evident that they
were extensively concerned in the forgery of seamen's wills,
and otltainnd Lir",
amps of money by that means. A short
time since air. liartree paid nearly twenty pounds arrears of
wages due to a seaman, who had been on board one of Mr.
Bennett's vessels, on the production of a will which bore the
name of the prisoner Glover as one of the subscribing wit-
nesses; but the friends of the deceased having subsequently
come forward and proved satisfactorily that the document was
a forgery, the amount vias again paid to them.

Seaton Carew, near Stockton-on-Tees,
• 7th month 26, 1833.
Having, at the urgela request of my family and friends,
withdrawn from the House of Commons for the Session to re-
cruit my health, it was only by accident that I was told in a
letter from a friend in the House the other day—" Lord Ash-
ley made some severe remarks upon your assisting to count
out the House upon his motion on a late occasion, and it is
said his Lordship had intended to have brought some criminal
matter against you individually as a mill-owncr." May I
take the liberty of inquiring whether the information thus
conveyed to me is substantially correct ? And may I further
beg a perusal of the following facts, which, if such observa-
tions ware made, may induce some considerations how far
they were called for on mere suspicion, or warranted in com-
mon fairness.

I am thankful in saying, that I can and do court investi-
gation into every part of my conduct, public or private, legis-
lative or commercial. As respects my station as a mill-
owner, any information of a single cruel or illegal act on the
part of those who may acknowledge my authority will oblige
me at all times. I flatter myself it would be a difficult task,
still more difficult to prove that such a case existed one mo-
ment after it came to my knowledge ; and surely I could not
expect to be criminally charged, and that without notice, by
a nobleman whose cowtesy is universally acknowledged and
valued.

Now, as I was in the Huse at the moment the motion was
made for counting it, allow me to explain that more than two
weeks previously I had paired with try friend, Mr. M. Bell,
M. P., for that day. At four o'clock our pair began ; we both
left town that night. On packing my papers I hastened to
the House to intrust two petitions to Sir C. Style, and was
moving to the door when Gillon's motion was made. I re-
sumed my seat, as I never was, nor will be a party to counting
out the House. I remembered to remain was equivalent to a
vote, and on the ground of doing honour to my pair, I left the
House ; within an hour I was at the railway station en route
for Birmingham. I heard Stewart say, " This is too bad ;"
and here ends my knowledge. I observed but one Member in
the lobby as I passed through, whom I can name.
Previous to becoming a Member of the House, after spend-
ing some hours in conference with the late Mr. M. Sadler, on
his Bill, lie remarked, " I should consider it one of the most
lamentable acts of my life if any legislative measure of mine
should lift any responsibility from your shoulders. I know all
about your mills, you require no legislation." And the words
of the inspector were but a few weeks ago, " I have not a
single fault to find."
I think I must stand acquitted of any uncalled for intrusion
in hastily penning and earnestly begging a perusal of these
circumstances. I might complain of the injustice done me
(and it is a great injustice) to assume me unfavourable to the
amendment of the law or the investigation, of abuses; and I
will frankly state, that if I thought the interests of my neigh-
bours, and the cause of humanity, would be advanced by the
step, I would quit connexion with business to-morrow.
Believe me, with sincere regard, &c.
J. PEASE, Jun.

JULY 31, 1838.

Sir,—Your letter, which I had the honour of receiving on
Saturday last, should have been immediately answered, had
not my attention been occupied by the alarming illness of a
member of my family.
In the observations I addressed in the House on the morn-
ing of Friday, the I3th of July, I neither said, nor implied
any thing which could convey a " criminal" charge against
yourself personally ; had I proposed to do so, I would most
assuredly have given you ample notice of my intentions.
I stated that, as a mill-cr,vner, you would at least have been
put on your defence along with other gentlemen of the same
class, when I urged the manifold and disgraceful violations of
the existing law for the protection of infant workers. I added
that you were the last man who should have quitted the House
on such an occasion, and have thereby rendered it impossible
for me to lay before the country my statement of the wrongs of
those abused children. My assertion was founded on the facts,
in the first place, that you w,re a mill-owner, employing in
your factories a vast number of the infant population ; and
secondly, that having ever professed a most active and lively
interest for the welfare of the negroes, you had, in the last
debate on that subject, enlisted the sympathies of the [louse by
an appeal to their feelings as rare as it was honour,ible.
You had called on Parliament to redress by the most vigor-
ous effort of power the grievances of the blacks in the West
Indies, and you had, so far as in you lay, refused that Parlia-
ment should even listen to the prayer of the whites in the
factories of Great Britain.

But you say, " I might complain of the injustice done me
(and it is a great iejustice), to assume me unfavourable to the
amendment of the law, or the investigation of abuses."
Allow me to observe in reply, that I assumed nothing ; I
stated facts, and the public was at liberty to infer motives. I
must remind you also, that on the 22d of Juno, when, after a
long series of delusions and manoauvres on the part of the
Government, I had succeeded in obtaining an opportunity to
implore the House to hear the statement 1 wished to make in
behalf of so many thousand children and young persons, you
yourself was one of those Members who divided with the Mi-
nisters, and decided in a maj-,rity of eight (ten at least of
whom were either mill-owners ur connected with mills) that
my mouth should be stopped.
Thus bellied, I fixed the 12th of July as an open day for the
motion I desired. The House met at six o'clock, after its ad-
journment at 4, and was proceeding to business. I was al-
ready on my legs to open the statement which, I now under-
stand, you were not averse to hear, when Mr. Gillon moved
that the House be counted. Immediately that the motion
was made, you passed into the lobby with some other item-''
bers, and by your absence reduced the number 'oLlow the
amount required for despatch of business_ -; and the House,
consisting then of thirty-seven Members only was in conse-
quence adjourned.
You urge in this second instance, that having paired with
Mr. Bell, you were not at liberty to remain because your pre-
sence would liars partaken of the nature of a vote. During
the ten years that I have sat in Parliament I have never before
heard the assertion of such a doctrine ; I have consulted other
Members of great experience, and they altogether concur with
me. Pairs take place only when the House is divided. Were
it otherwise, no one haying paired could venture to be present
in the lietise during the transaction of any business whatever.
That this is your own view of the principle of pails I must infer
from the fact that you was present, and concurred in various
votes which were put by the Speaker, and passed between the
time the House met and the moment at which the proposition
was nAde that the Members should be counted. As no divi-
sion took place, you did not think it necessary to withdraw into
the lobby, but you gave your vote by assent (as I perceive by
reference to the official paper) to the following questions as
put from the Chair ;
" That petitions should be received relating to the sale of
beer, spirit-dealers, and idolatry in India."
" Haverfordwest ( Porificld) Enclosure Bill. Report from
Committee on Lord's amendments, brought up and read ; to
lie on the table."

" Haverfordwest ( Portfield) Enclosure Bill Lords' amend-
ments agreed to."
On each side of these heads a vote was taken, and I ant sure
you will excuse me, while I accept your explanation, for ex-
pressing my surprise thet those scruples, which were dor-
mant during the transaction of all this business, should have
been suddenly awakened when the question was proposed
whether the House should be kept together for the purposo of
liAehing to a statement respecting the violations of the law
and the wrongs of the factory children ; for it must bo re-
membered that the House had been already formed, had
transacted sonic business, and was in progress of transacting
more, when a motion was made that its proceedings should be
suspended.
I have thus endeavoured to reply to your questions. Should
you think that my public statement requires a public ex-
planation, you have my full permission to insert this let-
ter, simultaneously with your own, in any or all of the
daily papers.
I am, Sir, your very obedient humble servant,
Joseph Pease, Esq., M.P.
ASHLEY.

TO LORD ASIILEY,
Seaton Carew, Bth month 7, 1838.
Having been absent from home until late last evening, allow
me now to return my thanks for the obliging reply to my
letter which I have had the pleasure of perusing.
The responsibility which attaches to me as an individual I
cheerfully hear, as well also that which I owe to my constitu-
ents and the public; the responsibility which belongs to me
as a mill-owner I neither understand nor accept in any other
souse than the above.
My own opinion, that I acted in the only correct way in re-
tiring from the House on the night in question, is confirmed
to me by every gentleman I have named the subject to, and
those have not been few. That any business whatever had
been transacted prior to my leaving the House, was quite
unknown to me ; so soon as my interview with my friend Sir
Charles Style was over, I rose to withdraw : as to any sneer
about " dormant scruples," I only read it and recur to it to
express my surprise at the expression coming from a noble-
man whom I never did, and am now 1 Ali to believe capable
of applying any offensive expression. lam happy to say, it
leaves me still the admirer of his energy and philanthropy.
If no charity or willingness to hope what is good remains,
or was ever felt towards me, I cannot help it. It were easy
to comment upon the course pursued on the anti-slavery de-
bate by different parties ; it is enough that the end sought is
now admitted to have been consistent with the best interests of
all parties, and that that t nd has been, through God's blecl,,ing,
obtained.

It has hitherto been my invariable (as I believe) practice to
vote against amendments put on Orders of the Day, when by-
slness of Importance might be prevented from coming on;
and, well knowing. there are other opportunities of uLts.ining
the attention of the House, I propose to continue my prac-
tice. On the occasion allucked to on this principle my vote

London, Aug. 13, 1838.
Sir,—l have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter dated the 7th of this month.
You will perhaps allow me to ramark. that your memory
cannot be quite correet,as to the motives of the vote yo.z gave.
on the 22d of June. I did not move an amendment on the
Order of the Day ; had I done so, the Spdakor would instantly
have checked me, and prohibited so manifest a breach of the
resolutions of the House, passed on the 24,h of November in
the present Session. On the contrary, I took that course
which was then expresdy reserved to Members of the House,
a course which you yourself must have approved, as I find
your name among those who upon a division gave those reso.
lutions their vigorous support.
You say that you have voted against me, " well knowing
there are other opportunities of obtaining the attention of the
House." I was also aware of it, but I feared the manoeuvre
that afterwards took place ; and it will nut fail to strike you,
upon reflection, as apparently inconsistent with your profes-
sions, first to have voted against me because I had seized an
improper opportunity, and then to have contributed to the
adjournment of the House when the right ono had occurred.
You will excuse me for having entertained what now ap-
pea: s from your assertion to have been an unnecessary degree
of suspicion and distrust, when I state to 3ou my ree-:lection,
that, in the year 1836, you supported the endeP;our to repeal
that part of the Factory-law which limited the labour of
children under thirteen years of age to eight hours in the day,
and would have imposed by 3our rote, on several thousand in.
fant workers, a period of sixty-nine hours of weekly labour,
instead of forty.eight, which the law assizned them—forty-
eight (I need not remind you) having been enacted as suffi-
cient fur the adult negro in the plantations,
It is not for me to estimate more highly than yourself the
value 3ou attribute to publicatioas in the newspapers ; my offer
to you was prompted by the information I had received, that
the substance of your letter had already appeared in two pro-
vincial papers of GAteshead and Durham. This was, no
doubt, altogether unknown to you; but, as it is impossible that
the substance of my reply should hare appeared, I shall take
the liberty, unless I hear that you yourself have resolved on
the same step, of inserting this correspondence in some of the
London journals.

am, Sir, your very obedient humble servant.
J. Pease, Esc..., M.P. P. ASHL

To LORD ASOLCy.
Southend, Darlington, Bth illrnith 20, 1838.
I am sorry very peculi•sr circumstances have compelled me
to delay forwarding my ready acquiscence in the proposition
for handing this correspondence to the editors of the London
Journals. I presume it will not be confined to those consi-
dered the organs of any particular party, as the question can
never be fairly viewed in that light. At the same time, it is due
to myself to say, that basing anticipated nothing beyond an ex-
planation of certain expressions stated (as it now appears erro-
neously) to have been used in the House of Coinmoss, my
letter left my hands uncopied, and even unperused by myself, and
as such place me under every possible disadvantage. This
communication will naturally form a part of the series.
The error into which I fell in my former letter, as to the motion of the 92d of June (not having access to my Parlia-
mentary papers at the time), was of a technical character.
What was intended to be asserted was, the impression then
entertained, and still entertained, that in the vote then given
I exercised a sound discretion as to what might be deemed
business of the greater urgency, having neither the intention
nor the wish to avoid any discussion on the factory question.
On a former occasion I declared myself unassailable on the
ground of being a party to any " rnanceuvre ;" but as every
other Member, makinc, a similar declaration upon his honour.
is disbelieved (a 3 I infer from the repetition of the charge;,
must leave it. Recurring to the question before the /louse
in 1836, and the vote then given by me, I acted upon my
Judgment as to the course which then appeared best calcu-
lated to insure the strict enforcement of the law then in ope-
ration. I never regretted that vote, as it was the result of
due deliberation; neither, as an individual, did I ever regret
the final determination of the Government to enforce the ori-
ginal Act. As a mill-owner it has had my cordial support.
The allusion to the negroes is unfair, because, setting aside
the great question of personal liberty, and personal advantage
fron. labour exacted for 45 hours under rigours unknown to
Britain, there remained in our principal colonies all the labour
to 1 e performed necessary to providing for their own existence,
and that of their free children.
It only remains for me to explain, that having been assailed
by the party Press of my own country with unmeasured scur-
rility, and applied to for the facts of the case, these were given
by me with a knowledge that they would in all probability be
publicly noticed ; but I presume we can neither of us hold
ourselves responsible for the comments made for party pur-
poses by those over whom we can have no controul ; at
least I should be the last man to suppose that Lord Ashley
could have in any way sanctioned the use made of the ob-
servations on my conduct which gave rise to the correspond-

Having endeavoured throughout to express myself with
openness and candour, it is possible my Lasti may have led
me into other inaccuracies than those already named ; but,
neither fearing nor despising the publication of these letters,
my leave is freel)-,
given, accompanied by this avowal, that I
am a friend to, and a supporter of, factory legislation so far
only as may appear to myself compatible with the interests of
the workinz industrious classes themselves ; ever remember-
ing the difficulties that must await the statesman who insists
at the same moment on a monopoly price far bread, and a
rostrictijn upon the means of procuring it. That under all
circumstances we may be able to maintain and enforce what.
has already been done is my anxious wish.
I beg to remain most respectfully.
J. PEASE. Jun.

Loon, Auust 5, 1838.
Sir,--Your letter, which I had the honourg of receiving the
day before yesterday, will require a short answer.
I must thank you for the candour with which you have ad-
mitted your erroneous statement of the motives that prompted
jour vote on the 22d of June. You will see, too; that the
statements of your second and your last letter are not strictly
accordant ; for, having said, in reply to my offer of permission
to publish our correspondence, " it has not been my practice
to resort to the newspapers for extenuation of any charges
made against me," you added, that " having been applied to
ia your last letter for the facts of the case, they were given
by me with a knowledge th•J they would in all probability be
publicly noticed." And your judgment was correct, for the
statement appeared, as you thought it would, in the newpapers.
Your disclaimer of the tone and temper of the article is
quite sufficient.

I must confess I am quite astonished by an assertion in
your letter, that "the allusion to the negroes is unfair," be-
cause, after the exaction of 45 hours of weekly labour, " there
remained in our principal colonies all the labour to be per-
formed necessary to providing for their own exigence, and
t}.at of their free children." I could hardly have believed it
pssib!e, that a gentleman who had taken so large a share in
that important question should have forgotten so completely
the protective clauses of the Act. I have enclosed an extract,
that you may compare it with your own statement.
I am, Sir, your very obedient humble servant,
J. Pease, Esq. ASHLEY.
(3 and 4 Will. IV., cap. 73, s. 11.) " And be it further
enacted, that during the continuance of any such apprentice-
ship as aforesaid, the person or persons for the time being
entitled to the services of every such apprenticed labourer
be and is and are hereby required to supply him or her
‘iith such food, clothing, lodging, medicine, &c., as by any
law now in force in the colony to which such apprenticed
labourer may belong, an owner is required to supply to and for
any slave, &c. ; and in cases in which the food of any such
prxdial apprenticed labourer shall be supplied, nut by the de-
livery to him or her of provisions, but by tha cultivation, by
such prtelial apprenticed labourer, of ground set apart for the
growth of provisions, the person or persons entitled to his cr
her services shall and is or are hereby required to allow to
sucl, prm EA apprenticed labourer, from and out of the annual
time during which he or she may be required to labour, after
the rate of 45 hours per week, as aforesaid, in the service of
such his or her employer or employers, such portion of time
as Tall b r adequate for the proper cultivation of such ground,
and for the raising and seem ing the crops grown thereon
the length of time to be deducted for the cultivation of the
said ground from the said annual time shall and may, in each
of the colonies aforesaid, be regulated under such authorities,
and by such Acts of Assembly, Ordinances, or Orders in
Council as hereinafter mentioned."
T- L

_HE .ATE DUEL —Mr. Mirfin, who was killed
at Wimbledon the ether day in the duel, was formerly a part.
ner in a linen-draper's house in or near Tottenham-court-road;
his " stud" of horses consisted of cm.—Globe.
On Saturday an inquest was held at the Bell inn,
Kilburn, on view of the body of Mr. Richard Pritchard, aged
49, an extensive cowkeeper of Camden-town, who was killed
on the London and Birmingham Railway. William Miller,
a labourer in the employ of the Company, deposed that ho
knew the deceased by travelliug on the railway. About haf.
past ten on Thursday night the deceased left the terminus at
Euston-square for the purpose of fetching to his premises &
quantity of grass for his (deceased's) cows and other cattle.
The deceased and witness left together in one of the ally,
waggons. When a short distance from the house, wittras saw
'red wa togg loeih;e we rho
nt
waggon, in doingwh
a light before them on the railway. The deceased was very
much alarmed at the nppearance, thinking it war, an engine
mect.ng the train. He exclaimed, " Oh, my (3-od I we shall
all be killed.".
Lie (deceased)
he fell, dee e asedd,
and firethen at t corat ptover his body. It was ten minutes before he was picked up,
when he was quite deed, and shockingly mutilated. By the
Coroner—The deceased was quite sober at the time of the ac.
cider,t. I consider that the deceased was greatly alarmed at
the light, which was not an engine, but merely some bush
burning on the side of the road. William Denton, one of the
deccased'a men, who was with him at the time of the fatal oe-
cwrcova, was examined, and gave similar testimony. A sur-
goon stated that the whole of the deceased's ribs - were
drives
in above the hehrt. His death must have been instantaneous.
Verdict, " Accidental Death." The
deceased bu left a,
a idow a,n4 large family,

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 29, 1838.

It is now fixed, as will be seen by an advertisement
in another part of our Paper, that a great meeting is
to be held in Westminster on the 17th of next month,
to petition in favour of the People's Charter. The
High Bailiff of Westminster, having been requested in
due form by his constituents, has consented to pre-
side, which well-timed acquiescence will tend, we pre-
sume, to preserve order and give both decorum and
dignity to the meeting. It is by the Magistrates
and the higher classes taking the lead at such as-
semblies that harmony is preserved, and it is by
the Magistrates and upper classes wholly sepa-
rating themselves from the assemblies of the people,
and scowling upon them with suspicion and defi-
ance, that discord arises in States. We think, there-
fore, that the Iligh-Bailif has exercised a wise
discretion by enabling the advocates of the People's
Charter to give a legal and constitutional expression
to their opinion. The people will he anxious, we
ate sure, to prove that they are worthy of the confi-
dence of the High-Bailiff and of the character for
bider and moderation which they have acquired, and
on this occasion conduct themselves with as
much propriety as at the Coronation. They then
merited the praise of all observers, and they will not
show themselves less worthy of the rights they are to
meet next month to obtain, than of the splendours of
a pageant which, if it gratified, perhaps beguiled them.
Some of our Contemporaries speak with apprehension
of Mr. O'CoNNELL's new plan of agitation for Ireland,
but that dwindles in our estimation into mere child's
play—a rattle for the amusement of the leisure of the
Honourable and Learned Gentleman—compared to the
agitation which is getting up in England and Scot-
land. Some reference will be found elsewhere to Mr.
OASTLER, who is obviously moving the masses in
Yorkshire with a power almost equal to that of
Mr. O'CONNELL. Following this agitation on ac-
count of the new Poor-law, comes the wide-spread
scheme for procuring the abolition of the Corn-laws,
and following that is the still wider spread plan for
establishing the People's Charter. Eighty-nine towns
it is said have already appointed deputies to a
Central Committee to meet in London, and form
a National Convention to effect this object. Such
events as these seem to us to teem with most
important consequences, and to demand the most
patient treatment. An opinion seems to be getting
abroad that Government is slumbering on a volcano,
that society is ready to break asunder ail the artificial
and legal bands which compress its mighty energies ;
and though this be not true to the letter, we are sure
that there never was a period when greater care is
required on the part of our rulers in dealing with the
people. Anything like a revival of the Tory scheme
of coercion—any attempts which should strongly re-
mind the masses of the events of 1819—would, we be-
lieve give rise to an explosion. The greatest tenderness
and caution are now necessary; and we think it our duty
at once to impress it on the Legislature and on the
Government, that they will commit a fatal error if they
suppose that they are blameless for this state of things,
and that they have nothing to do but to maintain by
force the errors they have adopted. Such a course
will expose us to ruin, as well as revolution.
First of all, they ought diligently to inquire into
the cause of this general discontent ; and
they make that inauiry with a humble and a
right mind, they will learn that they are chiefly in fault.
We shall pursue this topic on other occasions, but let
us now only remind them of the " Corn-laws." There
is an instance of their setting a terrible example of
seeking to uphold their own power, wealth, and dig
mty, by an act of Legislation which is a gross infringe-
ment on the rights of property. Men understand the
necessity of submitting to taxation to provide for the
public security, but to have their food taxed to enrich

landowners and titheowners, and to enrich the farmers—
even supposing that to be the case, which we deny—can
only appear to them a monstrous injustice. The land-
owners and the titheowners arc perpetually ringing in
the ears of the people that they want to take away the
property, of these landowners and titheowners, and then •
they instruct them by this example how the property of
other men may be taken away by means of an act of the
Legislature. What wonder then that the masses, who
pine with hunger and poverty, imitate the example
of their instructors and superiors, and also seek,
by getting into their own hands the law-making in-
strument, to have a quiet command over the pro-
perty of others, or a certain protection against aggres-
sions on their own. A number of •other errors, or
even legislative crimes, committed since the Reform
Act was passed are not unworthy of notice, but for
the present we must content ourselves with declaring

that the scarcity of food and the deficiency of em-
ployment, caused by the Corn-laws, are among the
chief sources of the popular discontent, and that as
long as those laws exist the Legislature will have
no right to reproach the masses with either rapacity
or violence.

The readers of The Sun are probably aware that
there is a person of the name of OASTLER, who has
gained a certain degree and kind of notoriety by foam-
ing at public meetings, and railing in Tory Newspa-
pers, against the New Poor-law. This worthy has, it
appears, acted for some time as Steward on the estate
of Mr. THOMAS TIIORNHILL, a large landed pro-
prietor in the West Riding of the County of York.
This gentleman (as would be seen by the letters which
we published yesterday), has publicly charged OAST-
LER with " converting his money to his own use," and
has discharged the " unjust steward" from his office.
The dismissed functionary is now cunningly setting to
work to indemnify himself out of the pockets of the
people—such of them, at least, as he can delude—for
the loss of his occupation. With this view he has
given it out that he is a martyr to the Poor-law,
that his dismissal by his late master was not
owing to his abuse of the trust reposed in him, but
to his opposition to the Poor-law Commissioners, with
whom, he alleges, his master, who we believe is a
staunch Tory, is in league to ruin him. On his de-
parture from the place of his residence, near Hudders-
field, on Saturday last, he got up a sort of cavalcade,
consisting of some of the ignorant people whom he had
imposed upon by his artful misrepresentations of the law
in question, and proceeded to Huddersfield, where he
addressed a mob in a highly inflammatory speech, after
which resolutions were passed, very complimentary to
Mr. OASTLER, setting forth the necessity of the
services of such a man in the present emergency, and
recommending a public subscription, out of the proceeds
of which a freehold estate is to be purchased for the
disinterested advocate of the rights of the poor.
Not thinking this a sufficient " demonstration" of
his energies and purposes, this Tory champion of
order and submission to " the powers that be" after-
wards published an Address to the People of England,
from which, as it is a curiosity in its way, we shall
make one or two extracts :

The duty of obedience to the laws is thus inculcated
by RICHARD OASTLER:—

" What, then, will you do, my countrymen ? Does any
man of any party, of any creed, calling hitnself an English-
man, advise the people of England to obey the unconstitutional
law made by traitors of the highest degree ?' What ! sub-
mit tamely to be governed by rebels of the blackest dye,'
and call yourselves loyal, and boast that you are freemen ? h
England so far sunk? I hope not. Ido yet hope that all is
not lost.

" Blackstone tells you, that 'when petitions fail,' your next
right is 'to arm for self-preservation and defence.' Young
informs you, that where the Government only is armed, there
despotism is established.' Fletcher says, •to bear arms is
the distinction between a freeman and a slave.' And the law
of England requires that every Englishman should be armed.
And then Charles James Fox, having been taught, as he says,
by Sydney, Locke, Saville, and Chatham, foreseeing that such
legislators as Brougham might some day curse this land, says,
' I trust, however, that the spirit, the energy, the v'gour of
the English character is not to be depressed, and that there
will always be found in the country men bold enough to assort,
ay, and to maintain al;o, that Kings, Lords, and Commons,
uniting to compose a Legislature, may so conduct tliernelves
as to justify resistance on the part of the people.'"

The following picture of the landlords and the
capitalists is by no :mans flattering ; whether it be
correct or not we must leave to Mr. OASTLER'S
friends and supporters, the English aristocracy, as far
as they are concerned, to determine :

" I have not mentioned the landlords, the stock-jobbers, nor
the rich capitalists, whose trade is only in money. I now be-
lieve the tirst (the landlords) are so entraramelied, so blinded,
and so far committed, that they will risk all, rather than ac-
knowledge themselves to be in error. The owners of the soil
have forgotten that they are descended from the old English
Barons' and old English gentlemen.' Their homes are n
longer the castles and halls of their sires. Their neighbours
are not now their tenants, or, as it were, a part of tiPmselves
They live in London, or in Paris, or in Rome, and, by pur-
suing a course of life which their forefathers would have
blushed to lead, they have lost the spirit of patriotism
which associated their sires with their tenantry, are! at-
tached them to the soil of their native land. The:.
have became effeminate, voluptueus, and altogether un-
English. Their extravagance and vice have left them at
the rmrcy of the Jew money-mongers; and their tenants
are only row looked upon as so many machines, whose
province it is, nay. who are crea'ed by the Sepr,ree th-
verner of the universe' only to raise from the soil so manv
pounds sterling per annum, to be spent by the ounces of
that soil in vain and demoralizing sensualities ; and when
the labourers can work, and till, and sweet no longer, the
B ,rons of England are now such fools as to believe that God
has ordained them to be shut up in bastiles, and to be poisoned
with skilly. The lords of the soil have thrown themselves into
the same boat with the Jew jobbers; they have estranged them-
selves from the occupiers of their patrimony. The old baronial
halls which once rang with the mirthful jollities of their
fathers anti their fathers' tenantry, and where the poor were
formerly invited to join in the festive scenes, arc now in the
hands of strangers or menials, or are left to crumble and de-
cay, the hollow habitations of bats and ow}s I They have cut
themselves off from the people, and arc strangers in the
land of their sircei Yes, fellow-countrymen, such arc your
English Barons of the 19th century—such are now your he-
reditary march of intellect' Legislators. They are oven
who laugh to scorn, when it suits them, not only the rights
of the people, but also the privileges of the Monarch. The
second class (the stock-jobbers) have an interest diametrically
at variance with land, manufactures, and labour; they are
mere traffickers and gamblers in the; prosperity or adversity
of the people ; and in the very nature of things it is impossible
that men who speculate alternately on the weal and the wo of
the nation can be patriots. And as for the third class (VI
mere capitalists), their money is their God; it matters not
how, get it they will, by any means and in every way, careless
alike of the prosperity of the plough or of the loom. For these
reasons I have refrained from addressing these three classes.
aTnodaalgt
all
again producers ucersand legitimate distributors I have spoken,
days of old, speak,when"stahyeiyngth, adtofeaasretd thesaints
he
Lord
Godpa
to another ;' be assured, fellow countrymen, the same Divine
Being who heard them will listen to you ; the Lord will
ke did
often
thene
hearken, and hear your complaints ;' be assured that ` Ills
ear is not heavy, His arm is not shortened.' "

The last specimen which we shall quote of Mr.
RICHARD OASTLER'S oratorical powers, and which
may be regarded as the peroration of his discourse, in
which he has concentrated, as it were, the pith of the
whole matter, is to the followng tune. Whether it is
a tune to which the Tories will be inclined to dance,
is another matter. Here it is :

" Perhaps ou would have the people petition. They have
done so, and have been laughed at and despised, because they
were not 'armed.' In such a case (when petitions fail) Black-
stone, a stout old. fashioned Tory lawyer and Judge, says,
It is our right to have and to use arms for self-preservation,
and defence ;' and he adds, this right and liberty it is our
birthright to enjoy entire.' Now, I advise the people to have
arms,' that there may be no need for them to use arms.'
Ilowick would never have sneered at the petitions of the people
if the people had been armed. The London police would never
have invaded the provinces if the people had been armed. The
churches would never have been shut against the poor if the people
11.. d been armed. The Queen's prerogative would never have
been invade i if the people bad been armed. The Lords-
Lieutenant, the Magistrates, the rate-payers, and paupers
would Lever have been insulted, degraded, and robbed, if the
people had been armed. No bastiles would ever have been
built if the people had been armed. Only let the people now
arm and a Poor-law Commissioner, his assistant, and his suer.
ci nary tools of clerks, &c., will soon be as scarce as white
crows.
But if the people remain unarmed, then every sa-
cred and ancient institution' of Britain will be destroyed,
lcea ndth ine the
Commis_ land
but that of the comm
and we shall he centralized after the manner of infidel France,
and there will be then
i si nsoonpeorssv eorf no
Police authority
sioners of the Poor. Then will the glory of Britain be 4e.

prted, the altar of the living God will be broken down by
the ruthless hand of infidelity."
We think that no one who reads these extracts —and
they are a fair sample of the whole piece—can doubt
that if Mr. OASTLER be not stopped in his career, we
shall soon have a repetition, on a much more formi-
dable scale, of the scene which lately disgraced the
neighbourhood of Canterbury. Between the chief
actor in that scene and this ma❑ OASTLER there is a
striking resemblance.

We make room to insert a lengthy correspondence
between Friend PEASE and Lord ASHLEY, because
we presume that there are many persons interested in
the reputation of these two gentlemen, and in the
question which has given rise to the correspondence.
Otherwise the communications appear to us as of in-
considerable importance, and to speak so much for
themselves that they require no comment.

Mrs. NORTON has addressed a letter, published in
the Examiner, to the Editor of the " British and Fo-
reign Review," which we transfer to-day to our co-
lumns. It may, perhaps, be judicious to give a posi-
tive contradiction to some of the assertions of the
Reviewer, and to take the opportunity of giving some
explanations ; but she might have spared all other
notice of the pompous, heavy, vindictive piece of
jejune malice, which has called forth her remarks.

It is stated in the German Papers that orders have
been given to all the Poles sojourning in any part of
Germany to remove to ten leagues' distance from their
actual place of residence, in case the Emperor
NICHOLAS, or his son, should choose to pass through
it I So that, while the Autocrat disports himself by
driving express from one capital to another, to the
amusement and wonder of sovereigns and subjects,
the unhappy Poles, who have suffered so much at his
hands, are still to be the objects of his tyranny. Even
in a foreign land, where he ought to have no controul,
his presence is to be to them as a scourge and a pes-
tilence, and by command of the public authorities in
the German states, great and small, they are scattered
before him, on the odious plea that they may imbrue
their hands in his blood. This is adding insult to
oppression, and insult too which the unfortunate vic-
tims have no means of resenting. Owing to the strict
censorship exercised over the Journals, they have little
or no chance of being allowed a defence ; and any step
they might take, not in strict accordance with the police
regulations of these army-beridden countries, would
subject them to immediate expulsion. The people of
England and France have indeed reason to be thank-
ful for their constitutional governments, and may feel
proud when they contrast their political condition with
that of all the states east of the Rhine. In neither of
those countries could such an edict have been issued
against the Poles without exciting the utmost indig-
nation. The Senate, and the public Press, and the
public voice, would have unanimously denounced such
a despotic and unfeeling act ; and even at Warsaw the
EMPEROR, under such circumstances, would be a
more welcome visitor than at either London or Paris.
Yet in Germany it is recorded as a matter of course—
so is the banishment of four hundred young men to
Siberia, or the army of the Caucasus ; and if the
public papers are to be taken as a test of public feel-
ing, little more importance is attached to these deeds
of cruelty than to the vagaries of NICHOLAS in his
late visits to the German sovereigns. The germans,
however, though a phlegmatic, are a kind-hearted
people, and we can attribute this apparent apathy only
to the wretched system of government to which they
have been so long subjected, to vast standing armies,
and to a shackled Press. King ERNEST knew the
governments and the people lie had to deal with when he
issued his edicts against the Constitution of Hanover.

The Paris journals of Monday contain no political
news of any interest. Almost every question of mo-
ment is overlooked in the importance attached to the
birth of an heir in a direct line to the throne of
France. The health of the Duchess of ORLEANS
improves so rapidly as to confirm the hopes enter-
tained of her speedy recovery. The Royal infant is
" perfectly well." There is, therefore, no drawback
upon the rejoicings at the Tuilleries—no dark cloud
in the bright horizon which at present encircles the
numerous supporters of the ORLEANS dynasty. Still,
some unpleasant topics arc incidentally alluded to.
The conduct of France, with respect to the final set-
tlement of the Hollando-Belgic question, has pro-
duced a strong feeling of insecurity on the
Bourse ; and in enumerating Louts PHILIPPE'S
claims to the distinction of being complimented by the
Municipality of Paris as the " NAPOLEON of
Peace"—the wearer of a bloodless sword—the Oppo-
sition Journals make some very caustic allusions to
the Swiss quarrol, the Mexican blockade, the African
question, the prolongation of the civil war in Spain,
and the progress of events in the East.
The II ketie of the 24th inst. contains an article
on the required expulsion of Prince Louts BONA •
PA RTE from the Swiss territory, which is likely to
create a sensation in France, as well from the modera-
tion of its tone as from the closeness and conclusive-
ness of its reasoning. We can only make room for a
short extract from it :

" Lo.,lis Napoleon is a Swiss citizen, and amenable only to
the Swiss laws and tribunals. Ilis pretended double quality
of Swiss and Frenchman has no existence, and cannot be
ple:ided by the French Government in demanding
.his expul-
sion ; for, from the moment when he became a citizen of the
canton of Thurgovia—and his having been so naturalized could
easily be proved—he had, by the 17th article of the (, rench)
civil code, forfeited his rights of a French citizen, that article
being coacei%ed in these terms :
" The quality of Frenchman is forfeited by-Ist. Natura-
lization acquired in a foreign country. 2. By the acceptance,
without the Ki.ng's authority, of public functions conferred by
a foreign Government. 3. By every establishment made in a
foreign country, which excludes the wish or intention of re-
turning to France.'"
" These circumstances settle the point at i,sue. Being. a
Swiss citizen, and nothing else, Louis Napoleon was amenable
only to the laws of his actual country. It was therefore to the
judicial authorities of Thurgovia that the French Government
should prefer its complaint. But of what could that Govern-
ment complain ? Tye affair of Strasburg? That had already
been decided and punished by the King's transportation of
Louis Napoleon to the United States of America, arid by the
acquittal of the officers, his accomplices, by
the jury of
Strasburg. The pamphlet of Laity ? No, for the aLthur
of that work bad been tried by the Chamber of Peers, con-
victed, sentenced, and was undergoing his punishment. Was
it the letter of Louis Napoleon to the German Journals? Jus-
tice could in that case be obtained by a prosecution of the
editors."

---
The only news which the Paris Journals publish
from Spain is contained in the annexed brief extract
from the Moniteur
We take from the Postilion of Gerona of the 16th, the
subjoined letter The Government of Berga has abandoned
the external fortification of the Street de Rosario • and as a
proof of the little confidence that the Carlists have in them-
selves, they have changed the garrison of the place. The
last letters from the Biscayan provinces, and from Navarre,
which are dated the 19th, in the evening, contain nothing in-
teresting ; there is nothing in them that indicates an intention
of General Espartero soon to make an attack. The Pre-
tender had not quitted Onatc, and Maroto remained at Decas-
tello.' "
FRENCH FUNDS. PARIS, AUSIAT 27.
Five per Cents., 1111 55c. 40c. 31:e.
Threw per Cents., SIM Sc... Sec. Jae.
Bank Actions, .2;130f.
Rente de Naples, lOC 75c. :oc.
Roman Five per Cents., 102.
Spanish Actives, 21?„j.
Spanish Passives,
Belgian Five per Cents., 104.
Belgian Bank, 1,4 tsf.
saCHANOR ON LONDON.
Ore month, paper, 25f. 37 V.; money, 2U 35c
Three months, paper, 05( : mrmey, 20c.
LATEST PRICES,
Five per Cents. 1 I If. 40c.
Three per Cents., SOL
Bank Actions, 2,630 f,
Romans, 102.
Belgian Lot.n, 101.
Belgian Bank, 1,445 f.
Spanish Actives, 211.
Spanish Passives, 416.

German Papers of the latest dates have been re-
ceived this morning. The Naples Gazette of the

11th inst. contains a Royal Decree awarding the pu
nishment of death to the principal in a duel who shall
either kill, maim, disfigure, or seriously wound. his

THE LATE FATAL DUEL ON

WIMBLEDON COMMON.

ADJOURNED INQUEST ON THE BODY OF MR".
C. FLOWER MIRFIN.
This morning the inquiry, touching the death of the above
gentleman, who was killed in a duel upon Wimbledon Com
mon, on Wednesday last, was resumed, at the Tankard,
Kennington-road.
Mr. Wagstaff, Surgeon, said he examined the body and
found a wound on the right side between the fifth and sixth
ribs, at which part a ball had evidently entered—it passed
through the lower lobe of the right lung, thence through the
pericardium, thence through the eighth auricle of the heart,
through the middle lobe of the left lung, fracturing the
filth rib, and lodging under the cintal muscles. A part of the
clothing was driven into the wound, and into the cavity of the
chest, between the pleura costalis and pleura pulmonalis.
The wound must have been inflicted with a rifle ball. The
death must have been instantaneous.
Mr. Wm. Henry Smith, being sworn, deposed that he was
a surgeon, in Marlborough-place, Walworth: On Wednesday
evening last, about half past eight o'clock, Mr. Scott, the
surgeon, called upon him in a very excited state, and requested
him to examine the body of his friend Mr. Mirfin, who had
been mortally wounded in a duel. They went to the house
of the deceased, where they saw the body in the back parlour
on the carpet. He was then dead. Witness examined the
body, and found a wound on the right side, as if from a
bullet, which evidently had penetrated the lungs. His de-
cided impression was that he died from the effects of that
wound. Mr. Scott told witness that he was called upon to
attend, as a surgeon, upon his friend Mr. Mirfin, who was
going,* to fight a duel. Mr. Scott was not at all aware of the
name of the person with whom Mr. Mirfin was going to fight.
Mr. Scott told him that the name of the gentleman who was to
second Mr. Mirfin was Broughton, hut he neither knew his Chris.
tian name or his residence. Mr. Scott informed him that he ac-
companied the parties to Wimbledon Common. After the
first shot the deceased was informed that he had been struck
in the hat. He took it off and looked at it, but insisted upon
having another shot, and that shot proved fatal. Mr. Scott
informed him that he was called in as the mere medical atten-
dant upon Mr. Mirfin, and not for both parties. He did not
in any way attend in the capacity of second. He said there
were four pistols loaded with balls, and all were loaded alike.
He was looking on when they were loaded. Mr. Scott was
decided in saying that the pistols were fairly loaded. Mr. Scott
has heard since the duel who the opponent parties were, but
even now he did not believe he could recognise them. He
was called upon on Wednesday, at one o'clock, and was to go
out in the evening.
By a Juror—lt was either the deceased or his second who
waited upon him.
By the CORONER—Mr. Scott told him that when the de-
ceased was struck he put his hand on his side, saying, " lam
hit-I-I am a dead man," and that it was ten minutes before
he died.
By the Jury.—Mr. Scott, he understood, was in company
with the deceased on the previous night at his own house, but
did not accompany him to the saloon, and he was not at all
aware of what was the origin of the fracas, nor did he know
anything of the party except from the public newspapers.
Mr. Wagstaff produced the ball and that portion of the de-
ceased's clothing, which had been driven into the wound.
Mr. Charles Newman, son of the post-master of Regent-
street, said on Wednesday afternoon about a quarter-past
three o'clock, a tall young gentleman whom he had
never seen before, came to the yard and wanted to
engage a carriage and a pair of horses to take to
Wimbledon and back. Witness showed what carriages
were at home, but he wanted something smarter, and witness
said be could engage one from the coach-maker. He said
that would do, and they were to send it at four o'clock to
" Feuillard's Colonnade Hotel." He gave no name at first ;
on being asked to whom it should be booked, he said, " Put
it to Mr. Elliot." He gave no address. The carriage was
sent. The post-boy was named Richard Cowling, and he was
present. The person came to the yard alone. He could only
recollect that he had on a green dress coat with metal but-
tons. Witness did not see the carriage return. He did not
think he would know him again, for he saw him for a very
short time. He was to pay the driver, which was the com-
mon way in their business. The post boy paid the money for
the hire upon his return.
Richard Cowling, the post-boy, said that on Wednesday
last he had orders from Mr. Charles Newman to take a car-
riage to the Colonade Hotel. It was a half-headed ba-
rouche, and was to go to Wimbledon. At the hotel he took
up three persons, and a little boy, who was servant to them.
He did not know either of the parties. A carpet bag was put
into the carriage by the little boy. He was ordered to drive
to the Telegraph on Wimbledom-common, which he did.
On arriving, he saw a gentleman's cab with two persons ;
one of the gentlemen got out of the carriage and spoke to
the persons in the cab, and then he was ordered to drive to
the back of the windmill on the common. When he arrived
there he let the gentlemen out, and they took the carpet
bag away with them. The gentleman's cab followed, and then
a street cab containing one gentleman came up, and they all
went down the hill together. There was also a gig with two
persons in it, and one of them went dealt the hill imme-
diately; the other (the deceased) stopped some time, talking
to him and the street cabman. He afterwards went down.
Witness did not know for what purpose they had come down,
and he remained with his horses for a long time. The de-
ceased was talking of his hard trotting mare, and then he told
them he was one of them who was going to fight the duel ;
that was the first they had heard of it. He was then beckoned
down the hill. He went to the edge of the hill, and saw them
fire and the deceased fall. Between the two fires, he thought
there were more than fire minutes elapsed. He was
certain of that, and the seconds appeared to be in con-
sultation together. After the second fire, the deceased
put his hand to his breast, and turned and stepped to-
wards the gentleman who came down in the street cab, who
took hold of him by the arm on one side. He did not fall in-
stantly, but as soon as the parties got up to him he fell into
their arms. The parties all left immediately, but the istsrgeon
and the same three gentlemen, and another get- into the
carriage. One of them brought the carpet bag up again, but
he saw no pistols. He was ordered to get back to town as
soon as he could. After they had started, the tall gentleman
stopped him, the one who shot the other got out and said he
would go back, let the consequence be what it might. He
was prevented from doing so, and another went, and then they
drove to Knightsbridge, where one went out and got into a
cab, and drove towards Hyde-Park Corner. Witness had not
seen that person since. Another took a cab at Hyde-Park
Corner. - He was then ordered to the Edgware-road, where
the gentleman who shot the other alighted, and the boy took
away the carpet bag. The gentleman who shot the other paid him
for the hire of the carriage ; when he paid him he said he
hoped the young man whom he had shot would not die.
Witness did not know that the man was dead when he left the
ground, and it never struck him to give the other into custody.
He was about three quarters of an hour on the common. He
knew none of the parties, and did not hear any of thou named.
The gtrelernan was dressed in a dark frock coat, and paid him
two sovereigns and two half-crowns.
James Maskell, a boy, said he was a groom. He went to
live with Mr. Young for four days till he was suited. He had
no regular employment at present, and went any where for a
few days. On Sunday week last about twelve o'clock he went
to Mr. Young, at Southwich-street, Star-street, Edgware-
road, to be hired. He was hired for four days. He did not
know what Mr. Young was. Ile went to the Club-house, at
the Colonade, in the Haymarket, on Wednesday last, with i im
in his cab, when his master told him that he was going into
the country, and would not require him ; but he would be back
at half past eight o'clock, which he did.
Richard Cowling, being re-called, said that that was not
the boy of whom he hid spoken. That boy was taller.
Examination continued.—He left his master in company
with Mr. Gotobed and a Captain, whose name he quite forgot.
He left his master at a quarter past five, and he returned at a
quarter past eight. His master had a gentleman in his cab,
but witness did not know him. His master had on a very
loose green dress coat, with green buttons, and light woollen
trousers, with a black hat and black stock. A gentleman re-
turned with his master ; whether it was the same who went out
with him witness could not say. The horse was not sweating
when he came in. After that his master and the other gentle-
man drove to several places, but they did not go into the Edg-
ware-road, nor did witness hear any conversation respecting a
duel. The Captain's name was Elliot, but he did not
know more of him than that he visited at his mas-
ter's. He was a tall young man, and wore a green
coat like his master's. He did not see him at all
on Wednesday. He did not know where he lived, nor
where his boy could be found. He would know Captain Elliot
if he saw him. Was not out with his master on Tuesday
night, nor was he aware of the time he came home.
Inspector Field then said he had no other witness, but Mei%
Dunn, the wife of the miller.
The CORONER said that as her evidence would merely go to
identify the parties, the better way would be to postpone
taking her evidence till they were apprehended. The facts
of the fighting, of the infliction of the wound, and that the
deaths of the unfortunate man had been caused by that wound
had been fully proved. All they, therefore, wanted now was
the parties who had been instrumental in causing his death.
The inquest was then adjourned till Tuesday next, in order
to afford Inspector Field time to look out for the prisoner.
The Inspector stated he could prove Young, Broughton,
Webber, and Elliott, all breakfasted together at Fs uillard's
Hotel on the Wednesday, at twelve o'clock.
The Coroner said the Inspector had better, for the present,
retain any further information he might have and act upon it.
Any person that he might have a reasonable suspicion of
having been implicated in the transaction ought to be imme.
diately arrested.

REFORM ASSOCIATION.—The first anniversary
of the above Association took place on Wednesday at Litcham.
The barn of Mr. Carter was splendidly decorated for the oc-
casion. At the north end, the word " Liberty" was superbly
set out in dahlias, and at the opposite end, " 'Aug live the
Queen 1" was tastefully displayed on a banner. A variety of
other flags and banners ornamented the place, amongst which
were " Folkes and Astley," " Keppel and Independence,"
" Fitz Roy and Reform," " The Earl of Leicester," " The
Independent Electors," 10Purity of Election," Agriculture
and Commerce," " Victoria, the Hope of the Country,"
" Prosperity to all Mankind," " Short Parliaments," " The
Ballot," &c. &c. The beautiful banner of the Working
Men's Association of Lynn also adorned the place, with the
suitable Inscription of " Oaks spring from acorns; knowledge
is power ; union is strength ; labour is wealth. "._..Norwich
Mercury.
A dwarf cow was exhibited at the Strathbogie Cattle
Show, as a curiosity. This animal is only thirty inches in
height, though four years old. She has a beautiful pair of
horns, and is exceedingly quiet.—Aberdeen Herald.
