NEGRO SLAVE APPRENTICESHIP

The Anti-slavery Delegates met at Brown's Hotel, at two o'clock yes.
terday afternoon, and after a full discussion of the subject, it was un-
animously agreed that they would not in any way interfere with Lord
Glenelg's Bill, now before the House of Commons. Some of the gen.
tlemen present expressed strong indigation at the way in which this
Bill had been brought forwards, to defeat the motion of Sir George
Strickland, after the assurance given in the House of Lords that it should
ngt interfere with Lord Brougham's Bill, haring the same object.
itiC meeting adjourned to half-past six o'clock, at the Guildhall
Hotel, when it wog unanimously resolved that notice of a motion after
the recess should forthwith be given, for the immediate and entire abo.
lition of the apprenticeship. A protest against the Bill of Lord Glenelg
was drawn up and ordered to be immediately printed, and a Sub-Corn-
inistgc appointed to prepare an address to the country, to be submitted
for the approvgl of a joint meeting of the Central Committee and the
Delegates, to be hold 4 four o'clock this afternoon.----April 6. 1838.

At a meeting of the Anti-slavery Delegates, held at the Guildhall
Coffee-house, London, this sth April, 1838, the following Protests
were unanimously adopted, viz.:—

1. We protest against the Bill to amend the Slavery Abolition Act,
now under the consideration of the House of Commons, because it is
unconstitutional in its character, unwise in its policy, and dangerous in
its tar,dency, to the peace, stability, and prosperity of the British Colonies.
2. We prois4t against the Bill because it is designed to supersede a
measure for the imiegdiate and entire emancipation of the Negroes;
and thereby to continue a system of Gaud, injustice, and Cruelty, whirls
116.11bsgm indignantly reprobated by the united voice of the British people.
3. Wa ',finest against the Bill, because, as a measure proposing to
give protection to the negroes, it is so constructed as to ensure its own
44*a—to engender hostile feelings on the part of the colonists to the
Mother country—to increase the animosity of the planters towards
their bondsrmen.,,,and to deepen the feelings of disappointment and dis_
Content in the breasi.s pf the negroes at the prolongation of their nu-
insirous, aggravated, and unmerited wrongs.

4. Finally, we respectfully, but emphatically, protest against the
conduct of her Majesty's Ministers, in superinducing on a motion for
the termination of the Apprenticeship system, in the British
Colonies, on the first of August next ensuing, the Bill to amend
the Slavery Abolition Act, notwith►tanding their own declaration
in the House of Peers, that the Government measure should in no wise
interfere with a Bill, the same in principle and object with the motion
already specified, then under consideration in that House.
5. The Anti-Slavery Delegates having thus, in the discharge of a
solemn and painful duty, protested against the Bill to amend the Slavery
Abolition Act, and also against the conduct which her Majesty's Minis.
tars have thought it right to pursue in reference to that Bill in the
House of Commons, do consider the whole responsibility of that mea-
sure to rest with her Majesty's Government and the British Perna-
ment, who, having the power, have refused to exercise it, in the per-
formance of a great act of national justice, to a much injured and
long oppressed portion of her Majesty's subjects.
signed, on behalf of the Delegates,
W. T. BLAIR, Chairman.
