DphSSES.

HJS NJAJESTY
Was dressed quite. plain, an: the, Princes were in their uni-
form. --The Prtnuesses each wore plumes, containing
eight white, blue anti purple ostrich feathrrs. The, para-
at.: also much Worn. The p.zvailing co-
lours were, blue, lilac, brown, and pink.
•
TIER NIA) ESTY
Wore A petticoat of anther cutout and silver tissue, witli or-
naments of black lace, anti chains of diatnontlito loop time
draperies.; each point terinirwed Witil al. C 4!;arr.nmAl, in
Various forms ; diattiond tasFels and 6.1,5,; a row of
diamonds round the: bottom of the netticolt ; body and
tram of the same, silver tisamte, with lace to correspond.'.
Herr Royal iliKlmess the PRINCESS,of WALES
Displayed, as usual, great taste aud.elei,ance ; the train and
drapery was fbrwcd entirely new ; consiAting of silver ms-
net, richly embroidered with, wreaths :,of poiiitted steel,
snii.tiowers' intermixed with resca, descents, and
*tars, silver • spangl.:4 and pearls, elegantly arranged; 'at
bottom a rich steel spangle fringe ; silver sarsnet petticoat
to correspond, .packet-Boles trimmed with rich salver roii9
add net lace. fie4d dress of superb. diat.muntrs add lea.
tilers.. In the evening trer 'Royal Highness's dress was CX.
tremely beauti ; .train ancf.drapi.4 of white • crape,
spangled bugle;, embroidered at bottom 'with time Same,
nriiatticitted.diatnond wreath, and arrmilers bar-
dered'. wills the damask and Proyento roses. tie-ad-dress,
wpm) to eorrespond,,and magnificent diamond ere,,eent.

PRINCESS AUGUSTA.
A rich white crape embroidered petticoat, with draperies of
lilac crape, mast superbly entbroidered witti convolvolus
in• silver, and large Vannykes round the draperies, and
bunches of Silver flowers, riih tassels, and cords. At the
bottom of the white petticoat. was a most elegant lilac
torricri richly Worked In silver ; body and train lilac. sars-
net, wove with silver. • ,
.PRINCESS ELIZABETH.
A white crape. pettic,, .t, spangled with silver, full drapery
of Silver tissue game, limited in divisions by broad Van-
dyke silver foil and brilliant rolio, drawn tux center, and.
fastened with large silver bunches of oak and acorn, a broad
,toil bottom, with rich silver cords and tassels; train Mate
and silver tissue. Firatiter4-atod diamonds 'wars tastefully
disposed in the head-dress.
PRINCESS MARY.
A white crape petticoat, 'superbly embroAercd in silver, a
large drapery of small silver rings, wnit a rich border of
silver foil, studded with large white bersils. and intermixed
vith spangles, joining broad sheaves to bunches of fillies of
the valleyt small pointed drapery thrown over, with a •
border of toil leaves, drawn np with wreaths of lillies of
the valley, rich silver cords and tassels'; white and silver
tissue-train.

- PRINCESS SOPHIA.
The snip as Princess Nary's in every respea.

PRINCESS AMEItIA.
Dotty and train of blue silver tissue, richly trimmed with
Brussels lace,.4ce. 4c..; petticoat blue crape, on tier left
side stripes of toil and stars of steel bugles ; on the right A
drapery elegantly embroidered with silver, forming buru:hes
of flowers, bordered with► a foil_ehain, and drawn up with
handsome curd and tassels. Sreoral drapery bordered .tile
same, and tied up with boullion and tassels to form a large
Vandyke. - •

Princess CAITILCICALA—A white and g-old pettrceat, With
porpla and gold drapery, rich cords and taw's; train put.
pie crnite, •

Pureness of IVOR T HUN a Elti„ A ND--Pettimat white satin,
drapery colour de Cannel le„, with broad serole Wider. de-
gnarly embroidered in silver; robe, caller de Canottlie.
Dotchess Of
.NIONT mos E —Mote crape .I..nticoat, silver ap-
plique: drapery, eilge4.l with licit and silver fripge ;
' robe, white crape; ' -
Dutcheas oflllAiti.tioKovan —A dirk silk robe. wit a pet.
ticoar very richly erobrohtered with silver stripes.
Dotchias of Sr. ALuAN's—Witiie and stivzi• petticoat-; train
lilut; atui silver; tt. pititue of °strict' fanners,
and a haltdeall of (ii,101011(IS , •
boteltao Qt. vcc t. Gll --Brawn Crape petticoat, superbly
emoroitleml with silver;. flap ;rain, cleyoutly
,
tritoutcu vytta 411yer to tiOrrcq)out. • . - • -.•-

II

Dutchess
orpos Is? -White crape petticoat, most stipett4
ma:ordered in sitter, with very Owed and deli border of
~ . the same ; . rube white and silver..
Dutchess of Goal:r:I.-White crape petticoat, esibroidere
witb.silver, the drapery oa the neitt side drawn up with
• silver gauze., twenty-three silver tassels, and fine blonder.
and'on the left with tour silver tassels, and buuquets -01,
flowers; train' silver gauze, white silver sleeves; lueidoirers
a plume of white ostrich teatliers, and a prefitc•ion°"l4*
moods.
Marchioness of Dow NSA IR le --PettiCeat white Crape, Most
sumptuously embroidered in.silver spangles, White &verb
with rich Mosaic border, drawn up witit• wreaths 4'4
bunches of mignonette ; rube, white crape ,;,hut silver.
Marchioness Towe:slizoo-A white dress, trimmed With-
:doe Mechlin.
M sot cif tom Els of S s e i se tot v -Blue and silver, with 1,140
petticoat trimmed with silver, and festooned with oat
hives.Head-dress,profusitn of diamonds in ft!'nrt II
camp of•ilis Majesty on a large ruby, to whivh wits wet,
pencled a very large and-beautiful pearl.
CAtintess of rtio kToN --A beautital silver Saisnet gown aittl
petticoat, ornamented with Sillier fringe.
Countess Chotoosor Ley -PettiCoat of lemon Colour, CM.
broidered in brown and silser drapery, ;drawn up with ail'',-
ver coca and tassels; train 'croon coloured crspe„ trimmed
with brown and silver, with sleeves and kerchief of Ate
Brussels lace; head-dress, lemon colour feathers, loci ,e
' bandeau of diamonds.
Countess of WE...61m0.. at. srro-Wore an elegant pettiCoat of
white crape, covered with the most beautitul point Pec;
with ornaineitts of jewels fixed on the petticoat, /n a ;lit
elegaist stile: - the whole ferruled a superb (Pos. ,•`•
Ladyship's body and trail were trimmed with Peal"Coumess off. is, eitroolo-White crape petticoat, very ill
orTpaern, in
etiiit,etliinti
,wit‘it
andhvboholb,deris.kw
hinge of aiis ;. robe;
cr..pae, hi':
Countess .of Ceotiresee-A rich ernbre;dery of siirtr
spangles, on pale blue crape, looped up o oil d bullion rep,
and tassels ; body and train of .blue crap:,
theiree witlf
silver. •
Countess Tester. e-o petticoat of white crape lied brussels
Lace, with bases of white. crepe and satin/ 10°14d uP 'ira
rich white silk cord emit tassels • bod and train of w -
crape, border of print face; head.diess,l wtittO Itatttea. "7
diamonds.
Countess °IA Ne az st -A Idle crape petticoat, richly en;
bond:red' with silver, and ornaincasted with bit verJupe all'
;assets ; body std train of lilac. crepe, trimmed with sill?"
frige.
Counntess. ofßaeauo Leap% -A white crape dressy begtal"
fully ornamented will. beads. tier Ladeship's had
-decorated with pearls, Ore. . •
oule'llt
Countess CARNAttros-Wore a very superb dress, , 2 ,„,i
the Indian style ; it consisted of a silver Armee nit'„i.
over a white se:wet petticoat, In draperies,' ,with,f 1.. r.
embroidery, interspersed, and bordered with, V."'"Yot."--ti
3,‘ tastefully drawn up from-the right to the left sirla 1 A
. rich bouttion and tassels : train of Indian gaoler, trintinew
with silver and Brussels face. . .
Countess* of CAX u lc. A ti...-13ody and train Of blue crafett,
sleeves of Brussels lace, Sac. elec. • petticoat el blecenritoi
fine lace thrown lightly over it, and tie& up will' la,lill„nd
thc valley ; the ma emiemZle had a very good eliectr - • -
displayed much taste.
Countess of U.xe airies -A white crape ernbruidcrcr, .„);,:f
Countess a which1
ichi c tki anb
oo:ir, di itve;ero;tassels,
s embroideredivile suondc:ul7.lp;e:raivido, elegant
lri
tnicedcitidal ricp
cul‘rieridot;ilcapitliitl;t:olattveauttr"lis:l;l;jci.tii;l.
. embroidered with large spangles, over which a dt,lll`.:ji-,
Mosaic work, with a deep bonier; on the left side ' ',.,,,3
with cord and tassels. At the bottom of the pettie-'4l"
art embroidered border 4-la-GI-Kr. ;a e
Countess of Ma sist, teen-Train and pet eicoet of.bl"i"°, P
._
with draperies across. • 1 traletr
Viscorsoteits Hour :ago —A slate colour' crape body :'-'" .._ . ':
ornamented with silver and small ellow ro.,es 1 1111,
crape petticoat, with yellow and sitter in stripe's; 2
...i.
pert' of slate colour crape, embruid:red with silvr,.vlth
fully drawn up with.cortis.and tassels, and decoPtC° '
lerge-yellow hoes. • petti•
Lady C, WA Lott lay a-Blue crape be:ly and tens , - ..
.. do
coat of blue .crape tidily embroidered with silr il ,
Leddray
wit: oueoz.
tassels, cord, aucl tr44•tes'•
c 'wci ''.:t
h- "yAe .
edged with fine blonde. . ''
acid ell ver silts{{
Lady Cita a eiv --Body and train of brown a' ht 1;111 •
petticoat of white crepe, embroidered io stripes'iosefr
Wheat ears, and tapwn IpAre4 spanaled with silver •
Ike. r• -11/0
iblowrowinigel‘ravpre4 taroa4in. toriebtotiiie..ies:lit;ivie,..saarieerel,
.. a 0
Lady C 4 aoLl X I Dastza -Train ano petticoat , , ..(0,,
spotted gauze, ornamented with silver bouillon ''
tinsels, dec.
.0„,, Vlth ldtp°ll4
LAny G soaciNa Cselto-LiJac.:•nd ....--, l',,jaiii,,,,e, ear.
of flowers. Head-dress,' diamond Cre14",!!!,,,,,f0J 4Pr if
rings, elfe. and in front of the head was )"r"
pearl. •
•
lady G illaNT LIAM-Petticoat craPer , ~,„„r ,01 white at ,
white and silver, and lilac. Ruche.; A mr`,l",,i!ali bardlCS of
Wirer. with loops'
of
elver
rul)jt 4" ' train lid suit
lilac dowers, deli silver. cord and taiseii:ver . ,i,,;; flee
white gauze in silt s, ;rioted with ''„ wi'alc, ()oriels
Macklin ''3l), lilac,white and silveteWit" '
. ,oiled
Plume. • arnarn
Lady C. D
- "'coma -A lilac crape 'tout ,
rot._ r
...._,,,e iiiijoi
with ale blonde. pearls, and burieloo of 1,407.34140.
body _nd tr.tin of lilac croe, trimmed to c‘ar': ' white,
Her ttxt'elltiley Madame ,t:enrierasteti'lllNl: ruibrOi:
Sattjn pi.tticoat, With firnihay of Intifi "I"l;io.:twdy 00
direct iis finceold, with a border a-la-GIN ;:, Itinorel.
train of Turkish silk wrought with gold, O''' (wet*
The h. d diesli we .ii,
with beautifirl brussel's lace. 'l'de ~" - ' berme'3oll4l
the most elegem ut Court, being coulposeo- , _,,
and ostrich leathers; this, together with the orcsa
with deep border
401
~. ~, .....baSatior 4 * t ,
Madame Is:D'AoIIV A G,A., (the Spaniin nu... ~.. ~,v0 1 '
hie the most charming t.art twoorble ever scent. , , . f,,M
"--A tskair.zifla silver tissue petticoat, with wnll4.o`n-ci silver
peries, mooned with. superb Brussels point_
_d sill',
r°lllo, lien silver cords and tassels; tram pwg• 2P
(taut. - .410
- , e $0,... .
i ' lver cnain. ~ ,
with silver, littennOted with purple atio al. .. , ottl •
Hon. Mrs. Mu; A X 4... Y —nody Mitt tram of pc.c.oll‘ fic'cleio
Ho". Mrs. Sr. Jo RN-PettiCoat of white er,rl' , 1
a >1)
CQAt white crape, ornamented with wreaths of i
SUMS, •
Mrs. Cusstrirrys•-•Pink crape boly and train;l 0 m. :.
tne iiiitue ; true drapery drawn itp with sit ';.°' ''',ll',,lly 501: '
Mrs. Rtes.'s-es ydioW ..:'fatoe petticoat, ueero.
..,,b oar
broicleredaild semeled with silver all over, and.iatd, and
border mtuid toe oettoni or Itic pettielet ; ti .'f';', I,eyer, '
train .of yellow crape, elegantly ornamented
With silo
spangles.: the sleeves point lace, interrdixed wi'le`ad diessr
er.it fastened on the shoulders with ilianibilds : ,erh has'
a large plume of white ostrich teatherS, and A SUi ..
dean and sultana sprig in diamonds. , • Woes:011P
Mrs. De. AX -..../V Vallte iarsriet train petticoat Vic.
w -
with ":I full drepery out:out:Med %viol needs, itc• A with ilk
Mrs. Dteav-A white crape petticoat crneiriontf:" 4'
fir
ser. • i 1 11411
the i 6
Mrs. ii. WILLS* Ms -A Whitevrape petticoat;- 53,,i,,,
edged with broad blonde, and Vonclykes ot "'h, tits soIIC,
Mrs. Sttscus -Prtticoat yellow crap:. draperies 0,1
_0
otre.
• Pelt, of -:
tied up with silver -boolliost soul tassele; oat ,
woo
• spend, trinitned with lace, &c. Sec. ; the bv!lu .„,
had a very light and elegain appearance. white cat'
Nli;ti Slue° t -Body and train of white crape ; ~ and att
-petticoat, with wreaths-of libuniton bowers acro"
rett •.t
elegant drapery : this dress wee eatrcinelY
Mrs. M e soi sr eis -O . pelt green body alit
tr3l.:Y nCttkt A
o."l,witp
peste green crepe, with draperies edged in' Yana).
darker green. • -al svith site
~r, (14
Miss Mar- tiore--4 pink crape, train tomtit i coy w'
petrieoat ot white crape appliqued with sit"- ,
pint. Mire drawn up with tassels, fringes, it4c•
Miss Arta M ern v EN— TN 54111 C as her eister•
Miss PLXL -A white crape pent eeet, 0Mail:1-- . ,_, ~,,in)
wreathes of foi-glove, drawn up on the left WI.
Silk cords and tassels ; body itod train to correspeorT.
Miss E. Pelt -Wore a dress the sail it! nersi)t
.. ..:4t
rated witl,l

His Majesty's tviinisters gave Dinners at 'l° i•
!looses, as thud, on the occasion. Lord ELI 4
entertained the fallowing INTObietnen and Gentle

rneDnuk: es of Norfolk 'and Rttflalld:
'her,
I.oo'
%Romney, Limerick, Mansfield, Durr:nolun,. EtY, r, 131 j,
d',A-lertfOrd, ligremont, Craven, bradfor:l. and we •ol
quiere ; Lord Chief Baron, Bishop oftlriiol, ikrehhA,''',:e
Dublin,- Sir Geo. Shee, Sir Jolm Sheller Nlr. Chau'. '
/
deity, .and Mr. .Icing. 1 1 Id
ianqs Athlone, Low.
I-I"rd HAWUTSBITKY'a Dinner WAS artowe'•
the folhAvini; Fyrcign Mini*ters #.0.1 o,l=el i'cr."
sons s.: , -
HF rioPtinritini,m';NeztrEi.:it(le;urc
r3l rol Can,l
dYN le' . Lsr ill dry' e:
1,1(
)' yielii titl 1 ewl lilt 11:: .ni
c,N li
IM:sr,l%,:elicr,
,rtf. :ecs°, ill,
ioivrillcri :
dc StpZ2l, COutit dc Slahreenbcfg, }mince Castle:J.:3or i3O
pcobi, Baron Lentliv 'M. Scitimineliteiminck, •air. L..l'..iifr
rcitoiut, Clistvalicr Ainduaga, NI, skive'', EtAndi-iOO
liertop4, Mt. Ds Mali:o4le Yrincc isaratiolci, T" • - •

•
[;:. •

110
.

I:-
",
5 :zf,i,
: ..1.
',
''.4
.4
. ~.-1

ODE
TOR HIS MA J ESTY'S BIRTH-DAY 1803.

BY HENRY JAMES'PYR, ESQ.

roEr LAUREAT.

Amid the boast of ty rant pride,
The pomp of state, the arm'd Array,
Can all the shouts of slavery hide
That slaves unwilling homage pay
No torte can shield Ambition's head
From noontide care, from midnight dread,
iiihen the still monitor within
Searches th' abode of blood and sin :
While he who rules with virtuous sway,
Whom Interflefl glory to obey,
sees'every breast the bulwark of a throne, •
His people's surest guard, its sacred rights their own.
- Then let the Muse, with dutcOus hand,
Strike the bold tyre's responsive strings,
While every tongue through A Ibion's land
loins in the hymn of praise she sings
.And Labour, born the furrow'd plain,
And Commerce, from the billowy main,
With voice symphonious bid arise
That purest incense to the skies,
Above the proudest wreath of fame,
Which ever grac'd the vielor's name,
A nation's votive breath by truth conssgn'd
To bless a patriot King—the friend of human kind I

The Duke of Poandato was seized with an ill.
Less on Friday, which 'has ever since rapidly in.
Creased. Yeatetday afternoon the report was, he
'Waaniueh- worse than in the morning.

Mr. GRIT, and his personal Friends, were not
present on Friday. That Gentleman, indeed, has
gone'down to' Northumberland, we believe, as he
seems averse to taking any part in the present dis-
ussions in Parliament.

State of the Poll at Nottingham on Saturday :
Mr.'COICR 999., Mr. BIRCH 94,
Mr. Cows. friends, we are happy to bear,
eider themselves certain of that Gentleman's success.
The Contest for the Borough is expeded to be
a very warm one. The Friends of Sir THOMAS
,TURTOR are very sanguine in their expeetations of
that Gentleman's success.
Lord ELPHINSTONE is secure of his elation as
one of the hixtten Peers of Scotland.
The Third Battalion of the First Regiment of
Guards marched' into Chathom on Monday last,
and,touk-up 0144 quarters in the Upper Barrack!.

Zycliy, Le Count Wcronzow, Mr. de Baisunin,
•Nolcken, and Lord Hervey.
Lord Ho DART'S Company at Dinner consisted of
Lieutenant-General Delano', Sir Philip Stephens, Mr.
Brook Watson, Sir Thomas Trowbridge, General lltmdas,
Sir John Crarlock, Lieut.-Col. Eden, Col. Brownrigg,
Mr. fork, Col. Calvert, Sir Andrew Hamond, Marquis of
tinnily, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Lewis, Capt. Markham, and
Mr. Cart hshore.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER had a
large party of Gentlemen to Dinner : Among the
Company present were—
Marquis Cornwallis ; Lords Castlereagh, Auckland, Bin-
ning, kotte, Carleton, and C. Spencer.; the Speaker of the
House of Commons; Master of the Rolls ; Messrs. Corry,
Pragge, N. Vansittart, Wallace, Sargent, Ashley, Pole, P.
Carew, and Bond.
In honour .of His Majesty's Birth-day, the
LORD MAYOR gave a most elegant Dinner to most
of the Aldermen, and the whole of the Corporation.
Above 4.00 persons sat down to dinner in the
Egyptian Hall about six o'clock ; l the dinner was
-served up with every delicacy of the season. After
'dinner the table was covered with a plentiful dessert.
'When the clods was removed, the LORD MAYOR
gave the first toast ; several loyal toasts were after-
wards given, and the greatest harmony prevailed.
The Mail Coaches paraded to St. Janies's about
*ve.o'clock, and from thence to the General Post.
Office, iti Lombard-street. The Guards being
dressed in new clothes, and the Coaches decked up
for the 'occasion, made a pleasing strew, and the
evening being fine, a great crowd was assembled
to see them. Several Firemen went in procession
to a public dinner.
At night there were Illuminations at the houses
of the different Tradesmen belonging to the Royal
Family; the Subscription Houses aboilt St. James's,
the New Club-house, in Bond-street, the Theatres,
and several plates in the City.

litlTAty, alas ! has stoo'd in vain,
IWO.(ant Peace, thy placid charms;
Compell'd, she treads once more th' ensanguin'd plain,
Where Fame, where Freedom call aloud to arms.
Yet be awhii:: the battle's sound
In notes of festive triumph drown'd:
Whethei the fi-micis of Discord Ily
Portentous through the fiery sky,
Or, bound in Fate's coercive
Howl 'mid th' Infernal seats in vain,
On this auspicious day the Muse,
jocund, with grateful voice, her wonted theme pursues.

Saturday rtening THEIR MAJESTIES hada Con.
tell and Card Party at the Queen's House, which
was offended by about two hundred and fifty of the
4"bilitY, and persons of distintlion. They began
to assemble at about eight o'clock, and the Concert
began about half past eight. It was held in the Ja.
MAJESTY.
Room. The Music was seleded by His
MAJESTY. Between the ails, the company was re.
freshed with 'ice creams, lemonade, orgeat, sylla.
bobs, wines of all sorts, tea, coffee, and various
Sorts of confalionary cakes. Syllabubs were in the
greatest repunt ; so much so, that the women who
were employed to make them, could not get, them
prepared fast enough to supply the company.
Thirty card Tables were laid in 4e Grand Saloon,
for the card parties.
The room were perfumed with growing flowers,
which were displayed by the taiteful hand of the
PRINCESS ELIZA.BETII.
The concert concluded about half past.ten, when
the company, began to separate, ind they had'all left
the Queen's t-louse by about halT past'eleven.
Yesterday'Divine Service was performed at the
Queen's House by-the Rev. Dr. `DBLANty,, before,
the ROYAL FAMILY.

I/Cerra:lf the DUKE of CUMBERLAND completed
his 32d year; and paid his titespen..s. to Their MA-
JESTIEs n the occasion.
The Dux': of YORK visitea Their iVIAJISTIE3
yesterday.
Mr. ADDINGTON waited 'upon His MAJESTY
about one o'clock, and was hcinciured with an au•
tlienee till pkt.t four. •
On Satutdiy the.Patwcs of WALES and all the
Royal Dukes, dined with Their Mni CST* ss..
The ROYAL FAMILY are expo led tOleare Town
for Weymouth on the 16th of next month. .
The. Duke of No roLx, as Hereditary Earl Mar.
*hal of EnglAnd, went to Court on Saturday with
his superb Staff of Office.

NE

Prom the LONDON GAZETTE, Yiage 4.

Admit-do-Office, lime 4, iBO3.

Extra!? of a Letter from the Honourable William
Cornwallis, Admiral of the Blue, F.:lc. fie. to Sir
Evan Nepean, Bart. dated on board the Dread.
nought, at Sea, the 24. th of 1803.
Captain Pearson, of the Doris, has just joined
me•with a French National Lugger, which, I am
sorry to say, upon his firing at to bring her to, re-
turned the fire, and continued a running Aftion,
until the French Lieutenant, commanding the Lug-
ger, was killed, with several of his men : luckily
only one man was wounded on board the Doris.--
I have the Honour to enclose Captain Pearson's
Letter.

SIR, Doris, at Sea, Mat 23, tBo3,
I have the Honour to acquaint you, that, while
in obedience to your order of the' 18th instant,
cruizing off Ushant in His Majesty's Ship Doris,
under my Command, I fell in with the• French Re.
publican Lugger L'Affronteur, command by 'Mons.
Morce Andre Dutoya, Lieutenant de Vaisseau,
mounting fourteen long nines, with ninety.two
men. As she made sail to escape me, I fired a shot
wide of her, with the hope that she would then
have shortened sail, as I was gaining fait upon her :
As this was without deft, I fired a second, which
she returned, and kept up a running fire till the
instant I laid her alongside ; nor did she then give
up a contest fraught with. so much temerity, until
the First Captain and eight men were killed, and
fourteen wounded, one of whom is since dead of his
wounds.

Tarn happy to add, that the damage on our side
consists only in one man wounded, and a few shot
in the hull and rigging.
I have the Honour to be, Sir, &c.
R. H. PEARSQN.
Honouralle Admiral Cornwallis
Commander in Chili; &c. je.
Admiralo-Ojice, jaw 4, 1803.

Co)) f a Letter from Captain Mansfield, of His
Majesty's Ship Minotaur, to Sir Ewan Nepean,
Bart, dated at Sea, 3otb May, 1803.
5111,
I beg leave to acquaint you, for their Lordships'
information, that I this evening saw the French
Republican Frigate La Francaise safe off the Dod-
man, agreeably to signal made by the Honourable
Admiral Cornwallis. She was captured by His
Majesty's Ship under my Command, on the 28th
of May, in company with His Majesty's Ship
Thtinderer, having chased from the Fleet, and
during the chase was joined by the Albion, which
ship had parted from the Fleet some days before in
thick weather. The Prize proves to he the Re.
publican French Frigate La Francaise, from Port.
au-Prince thirty.five days, Captain Jurien. She is
pierced for twenty-eight twelve-pounders on her
main-deck, and sixteen nine-pounders on the guar.
ter-deck and forecastle, ten of which were in her
hold,' and had on board one hundred and eighty-
seven men,

I' LYIIIO UTH, JuNk 4.—The following French Vessels
have been captured and sent into this Port in the course of
yesterday and this day, viz. the French Corvette L'lmpa-
tiente, of 14 guns, from Sierra Leone and Geree, captured by
the Naiad Frigate ; French Ship Prudence, Capt. Boyar',
from Cane, laden with brandy, &c. ,captured by His Ma-
jesty's Ship Minotaur and Doris Frigate; French Ship Dou-
ble Alliance, Capt. SLANT, from Cette, laden with
brandy, &c. captured by the Acasta Frigate ; French
Brig I.e Mere, Capt. O. Famt t.ta E, from Marseilles
laden with soap, wine, oil, B,:e. captured by the Acasta Fri-
gate ; French Brig Jeunc Caroline, from Tobago, laden with
sugar, coffee, etc. captured by the Jamaica Frigate; French
Ship Mentor, from St. Domingo, laden with sugar, coffee,
and cotton, captured by the Eagle Excise Cutter; French
Brig (name unknown), laden with naval stores, and a Cutter
Privateer with 26 men, marked on her stern " Friends of
Pool," both captured by the Hind Revenue Cutter, Captain
PILL.

The following is a List of Dutch and other Vessels detained
and sent in here in the same period i—Dutcli.Ship Coffee
Brom, Capt. HAttiltN, laden with coats and cotton, from
Surinam, detained by His Majesty's Ship Spartiate ; Dutch
Ship Myserg, Capt. Buy, laden with sugar, coffee, and cot-
ton, from Surinam, detained'by His Majesty's ship Mino-
taur; Dutch Ship Johan Maria, Caps: Wisr Us LAG, laden
with coffee, sugar, lee. front Surinam, detained by the Lord
Nelson Privateer;. Dutch Dogger Endraght, Capt. G toot,
laded with brandy, &c. from Cadiz, detained by His
Majesty's Ship Sceptre ; Dutch Ship Sara Maria, Cap.
tarn Pootra Am, laden with sugar and cotton, from
Berbise, detained by the Acute Frigate; Dutch Dogger
Jonge' Berand, front Lisbon, laden with wine, detained
by the ,Acasta Frigate; Dutch Sloop lunge Jacob, laden
with drugs; Ire. front Venice, captUred by an Officer
of the Naiad Frigate, whilst concluding to Port the French
Corvette Patientie ; Swedish Ship ratrioten, Capt. Hot.-
MAN. laden with iron and steel (French property), from
Nordkopping for France, detained by the Rosario Sloop of
War; Swedish Ship Ncutrilititcn, laden with wine, &c.
from Cadiz, detained by thu Dolphin Revenue. Cutter ; the
English Brig Venus, Capt. Davis., laden with wine and
oil (French property), from Montone (in France), detained in
Cawsand Bay by Ills Majesty's Ship Connaeror ; the Dutch
Calliot Morning Star, Capt. B. V. Alt NDAL, laden with
salt, from Lisbon, detained by His Majesty's Ship Venerable
Dutch Galliot Jonge Batze, Capt. WaKravtraet, laden
with salt, from Lisbon; and the Dutch Ship Jan Fredrick,
Capt. 131.0A131.6aNit$ laden with sugar and collie, from Su.
rinam, both detained by, the Hind Revenue Cutter, Capt.'

Sailed the Atalanta Sloop of War on a cruise; and the
Lord Nelson Privateer, of to guns, Capt. CM.O W TS, to the
West% ard. •

Arrived the Anker's Hope, ANKLIt SON, from Dram;
Willing Maid, NAM*, from Metnel, with timber, for this'
Port; Nile, Pelee:A, from Barcelona, for.ordrrs; anti the
Acasta and Jamaica Frigates from a Cruise to the Westward.
ArriVed the Elizabeth Maria, Captain N Isom, laden with
timber, from Dram for this Port, and the Orphan, Captain
BrDLAKL, from San Pilaus, with cork.

FALMOUTH,. Jutrs yeigetday, the Brig
Rochdale, Capt. THOMAI TLICKIIII, 'in four week* from
Cadiz for Hull. Sbe was brought to yetterday by Ills Ma.
laity'. Sbip Lamm*, Caft, Six EDW. ri.LLIw, Lut, who

ingptested two of MI Crew, *bast doing, which, a French
Brig, of t 6 guns, having the French Colours under the Eng-
lish, passed them, but could not learn by whom captured.
Arrived His Majesty's Brig Gannet, of 16 guns, qapt .11 ASS,
from a Cruize, and has brought in with her the French Brig
La Dame Adelaide, Capt. BELLE?, from Martinique, and
from Havre, with coffee, cocoa, &c. valued at about 1.0,0001.
which she captured on the pst ult ; the Brig Carleton,
Capt. CURRIER, in thirty-seven days from Sitges, in Spain,
With wine, for orders; the Brig Mary., Capt. CoHUC, faun
Barcelona, thirty-three days passage, with wine athe Danish
Ship Emanuel, Capt. KNIJ T 90N, from Dram, with other
and deals ; and this day the Duke of York racket, Copt-
Dr. AK!, seven days from Lisbon, with Mail : left lying ante,
His Majesty's Ship Resistance, of 32 guns, andiKing Giorge
Packet, YascoMar., which %Vas expee.6l to sail.with Kids
for England the stli inst. The re-commence:wait Of Hos-
tilities was not known at Lisbon when this Packer sailed.
Passengers per this Packet are, Mr. Mrs. and Miss Bol.v Lcs
Mr. FITECEXAI.I). and Mr. )Dice.-
Passed this Port; the American Ship A talAllt3, Capt.
Tun 1:Z11., with 4000 WrrelsOf flour, from Baltimore for Lon-
don.

Sailed the Brig Mantura, Capt. Dstrilts, for Bristol ; the
Transport Ship Ann, DRIIINER, for Portsmouth, and the-
American Ship Governor Strong, Rover, for London.
The Duke of Kent Packet,' DINNIS, arrived on Wednes-
day last with Mails from America; twenty days from Hali-
fax; kft there His Majesty's Ships Cambria, of 4o 'guns,
Andromache, of 32, and Pheasant, of :8 guns. Three days'
after the Duke of Kent left New-York, she met with a very
heavy storm of thunder and light:ll4, which latter struck
her mainmast, which it shivered,' and burst through the
well-room with an explosion like the noise of a musket;
three men were knocked down, but not materially hurt.
On her passage home she spoke the Ship Highland Lass,
from Barbadoes, with Troops for Newfoundland.
PORTSMOUTH, Jur, s.--Arrived the Friends, G o
HARPER master, from RlC6Silla. Left at that place, the
Brig Severn, ofand for Hull, and Barbara and Isabella, for
Belfast. This Vessel sailed from Messina sits April. Sailed
again from Grimsby Road.
Arrived also, the French Brig Euphrosine, Ls SOUR D
master, from St. Domingo for Rouen, prize to His Majesty's
Ship Diana; American Schooner john, CITA YTOft, from
New Orleans to Havre-de-Grace, prize to His Majesty's
Ship Blanche.

Also arrived the Brig William, S:tMUIL CoLsna NE mas-
ter, from Leghorn, and sailed for Standgate Creek.
His Majesty's Sloop of War Peterel, Capt. LABISOSIN,
yesterday captured off Beachy Head the French Vessel La
Maria Vierge de la Garde, JEAN CASIAN master, from
Cctte for Dunkirk, with wine and brandy. The Peterel
came into St. Helen's Road% and is just going to sea again.
Arrived, Harvey Phillips from Grenada to London.
DEAL, JUN: s.-7-Arrived the Mercury, Terror, and Sul—
phur Bombs, from the Northward; Archer Gun-brig, and
Ranger Sloop, from a Cruize.

Sailed yesterday afternoon, the Hon. East-IntliaCompany's
Ship Essex, to the Westward, i►► company with the Vixen
C.en-brig, Terror Bomb, and the whole of the outward-
bound, under convoy of His Majesty's Sloop Fury.
In the Downs, Hie Majesty's Ships Leda and Hydra,
Cruiser Sloop, Sulphur Bomb, and Archer G un.vessel.

List of the Minority on Mr. Purr's Motion of
Friday :
-.- •
Lord Binning, , Mr. W. Lowther, •
Sir R. Buxton, Mr. Manning,
Mr. Burdon, Sir H, Mildmay,
Mr, Bradshaw, - Mr. Morland,
Mr. Brandling, Mr. Pitt,- . .
' Mr. Cowper, Mr. M. Pitt,
Mr. Dupre, Mr. Phipps,
Mr. Dickenson, senior, Sir R. Poet,
Mr. Dickenson, junior, Sir Robert Preston,
Hon. R. Dundas, Lord H. Petty,
Right lion. W. Dundas, Mr. R, Penn,
Sir H. D Hamilton, Mr. Ruse,
Mr. Elliot, Mr. Rutherford,
Sir W. Eitord, Mr. Sloane,
Lord Fitzharris, Al r. Sturges,
Air. Fuller, Sir I. Stewart,
Mr. Ferguson, • Mr. G. Smith,
Col. Graham, Mr. Smith,
Mr. T. Graham, Mr. C. Smith,
Mr. Gunning, Mr. Claude Scott,
Mr. C. Hope,. Mr. Sam. Scott,
Mr. lialmnet, Mr. Thornton,
Mr. Henderson. Mr. T. Villiers,
Mr. C. Long (Teller), lion. 1. Waide,
Lord Lovaine, Mr. ‘Vieram,
Mr. H. Leigh, Mr. Wilberforce,
Hon. H. Labcelles, Mr. It. Warde.
Mr. T. Lowther,

A Paper of Saturday gives the following :Ward
of a Fracas which has made some noise in the
Fashionable World. We are glad to hear that the
affair has. been amicably adjusted. The scene of
the dialogue was at Lady Mt LUMAY 'S.
The DutchessofGoa nom complained to His Royal High-
ness that she had been calumniated at his table ; that it there
had -been said, she had expressed a hope in Paris of seeing
ay.t avs breakfast in Ireland, dine in England, and sup
in Scotland. She wondered the Pa tiros could aliov her to
be so spoken of, and begged he would inform, her who it was
used those expressions, 'that she might prosecute him to the
utmost rigour of the law, as she had taken Mr. Exiixtria's
oPiiii'lhioeni"lit tics said, he made it a rule never to betray the
conversation of his friends in private society. He did not
recoiled any such observations at his table had ever heen
made.

The Diretizsa.-7-I know it was said; I had it from a
Gentleman who was one of the party I
• The INCS.—Kay intbirn me of his name. It is highly
proper I should know, and guard myself againsl any one
whn betrays the conversation of the table; it is also proper
the world should know him, to guard against him likewise.
The Duren ZS S —I know it was said, and ho win) said• it
.avis Lord (7—w-on-lc 4
The r a ,wz.--Although it is a rule with me, never to re-
peat what passes in private company, jtet I will say, and I
may say it without breaking that rule, that Lord C-N-Cia-aa
never Imputed any such expressions to, your Grace, or used
any language to that etfeet.
Ihe DoTe Hass—Rut I know he did I know it beyond all
doubt ! that fellow ! I know ha dislikes me. 1 turned him
out of a company at PAris, by telling him what 1 thought of
him.

The Ps t:qcs-1 believe you : No one is more able to do tio
than your Grace.

It happened that Gen. Gw—Nrl4 Was near the
Durcness, making some observations to a Lady,
not in her Grace's favour, which we suppose her
Grace overheard, and addressing herself to the Ge-
neral, she said-.-
The Du r c ass—What is that you sayl-4 tell you, Sir,
that if I am not better received at Court, I will never go there
again, nor shall any of my tamily go there. I will instantly
send to countermand the dresses I had ordered for myself and
my daughter for the Birth-day.—There now—there's some-
thing for you to go and tell the lii rres.
A certain great Personage is reported to have
made the following Boa Mot, upon being told by a
certain Dutchess that she would countermand her
Court Dress for the King's Birth.day--" So much
the better," said He Re' lie coolly,. for your
Muutz,152.:44,r,,,e •
