I N

GIVING ALL THE DETAILS OF
THE CORONATION-THE FAIRS,
REJOICINGS, AND EVERY PAR-
TICULAR OF INTEREST CON-
NECTED WITH THIS AUGUST
CEREMONY.

TO THE FELLOWS OF THE HORTI-
CULTURAL SOCIETY OF LONDON.
Read the LETTER to the DUKE of DEVONSHIRE in the
GARDENER'S GAZETTE of Last SATURDAY, and see what
your Council are doing. Another crisis approaches.
Sold by all Newsmen and Booksellers, and published at 343, Strand.

CONCLUSION of the FATAL PRAYER,
by the Author of the " The Five Nights of St. Alban's."
The conclusion will appear in SATURDAY'S COURT
GAZETTE, together with a singular tale of Fashionable Life,
and the first of " Love Letters," by the Author of " Lyrics for
Ladies."
The Court Gazette being now fully established in public favour
is unquestionably the best mediumfor advertising among the whole
Weekly Press, 343, Strand. Price 6d.

THE COURT GAZETTE and FASHION•
ABLE GUIDE.
Families leaving Town have merely to order their Newsmen to
forward the Paper to their address in the Country, where it will be
received on Sundays or Mondays. according to the distance, and
will be found to contain every description of intelligence to the
latest moment of Saturday evening. Advertisements connected
with Science and the Fashionable World received until Friday
evening at 343 Strand.

THE WEEKLY TRUE SUN NEWS-
PAPER, a large quarto paper of 40 columns, price 5d.,
continues to republish Advertisements FOR NEXT OF KIN
AND HEIRS AT LAW, which have appeared during the last
thirty years. More have just been obtained and upwards of ONE
THOUSAND will appear in successive weeks.
Early orders should be given, as the back Numbers cannot
always be obtained.
Office, 366, Strand.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER C077117101C1
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

e---, +

;'p

WITH WHICH
THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JULY 25, 1833.

We expect to receive the congratulations of the intelli-
gent friends of the middle and working classes, on the
passing of the National Loan Fund and Life Assurance
Society's Bill, which was read a third time in the House
of Lords last night, and now only awaits the Royal Assent
to become the law of the land. Few measures have had
to encounter greater obstacles in passing through
Parliament ; but the zeal of its supporters, strength-
ened and sustained by the conviction that they
were engaged in promoting the physical and moral improve-
ment of the people, by holding out proper inducements
li
to them to adopt provident and industrious habits, enabled
them to surmount every difficulty. Without detracting
from the great and important services rendered to the ori-
ginators of this Bill by several of our Contemporaries, we
may fairly claim for ourselves the merit of diffusing a
knowledge of its principles among a numerous and influ-
ential body of our fellow-countrymen, who otherwise would,
in all probability, have to this day remained ignorant of its
existence. Ati.any of these, including several clergymen in rural
districts, have addressed letters to us, stating, that as soon as
the Act of Parliament for the incorporation of the Loan
Fund Society should pass, they would take every opportu-
nity of recommending tLe middling and working people in
their respective neighhourioods to avail themselves of
the benefits of an Institution svhich they considered admi-
rably calculated to ele..ate the moral character of the
people. One clergyman in North Wales writes to us, that
he has himself tried the system upon a scale commensurate
with the extent of his congregation, and that it has
worked so admirably, as to lead him to infer
that its general operation in England for a few years would
diminish by more than one•half the otherwise necessary
amount of Poor-rates. We are, if possible, still more san-
guine with respect to the results of a general adoption of
the principles of the Loan Fund Society. Only encourage
provident habits among the people--show them how it is in
-their power to accumulate, by the careful hoarding of a
fe w pence daily, a fund adequate to the supply of their
wan is in sickness and old age—teach them as well by exam-
ple as by precept that there is a moral, as well as a physical
degrada,'ion in receiving a pauper's allowance—and they
will easily be brought to practice economy. It is with the
virtues as die vices—one leads to the adoption of another.
The poor labourer who has learned that the shilling or
half-a-crown which he was in the habit of spending weekly
at the skittle-ground of the nearest public-house, may be
converted into a fund which wilt render him comparatively
'independent in old age, will not only acquire a habit of saving
I 'pis inoney,but of spending hisleisure hours in the bosom of his
itifiy. He will divide the cares of his little family with
hi.; wife, and he will soon become distinguished in his
village or neighbourhood as a steady man, a kind husband,
an I a tender father.
The passing of the National Loan Fund Bill will impart
a confidence to the friends of the working classes to bestir
themselves in their favour. Those who from selfish motives
are opposed to it, can no longer affect to ridicule it as a
~chimerical project, existing only in the brain of a few specu-
tive individuals. Et is now part and parcel of the
la
lasv of the land. The working classes themselves have
always reason to suspect the honesty of those who, under
the plea of not interfering with their pleasures and amuse-
ments, tacitly encourage them in the indulgence of their
:ices. Every penny they spend uselessly goes to support
some petty tyrant—some useless member of the body cor-
porate—and consequently adds a fresh link to the chain of
moral and physical slavery which at present is only
snapped by death. Half the drones in the com-
munity are supported by their vices and their
providence ; and hence the ridicule that has been
lavished upon every project, the natural tendency of which
is to raise them in the social scale by the inculcation of
habits of economy.
All that is now wanted to make the National Loan Fund
Society instrumental in improving the condition, and ele-
swating the moral feelings of the working classes, to an

extent never before contemplated in this country, is the
cordial concurrence of the clergy, the magistracy, and the
guardians of the poor. Now, we are under no apprehen-
sion that this concurrence, so necessary to the general success
of the scheme of national utility proposed to themselves by
the founders of this Institution, will be long withheld—
especially as the gentlemen exercising these sacred and
civil functions cannot be presumed to have the slightest
pecuniary or other interest in opposing the success o'
the Society. On the contrary, it must indirectly benefit
them by abridging those painful duties which at present
appertain to their respective offices. We shall, in the
course of a few days, advert more at length to this view 01
this very important question.

The Herald justly observed yesterday, in relation to the
debate on the Irish Tithe question, that "the existence of
the Protestant (Established) Church"—not the Protestant
faith, not the free worship of the Protestant Dissenters—
but the existence of the Protestant Established Church—" is

the great cause of all the agitation which now furnishes
so much occupation to our Statesmen." To have extracted
such a truth from such a quarter shows great utility in the dis-
cussion. The existence of the Established Church is not only
the great cause of all present agitation, but it has been the
cause of much agitation and much'misery, many privations and
many restrictions in past time, and will be the cause of still
more agitation in future. Formerly only the Catholics were
opposed to it, and they hardly dared to grumble out their
hostility : now they boldly assert it ; even Sir R. PEEL
admitted on Monday night that the Legislature " never
would reconcile the people of Ireland to the Established
Church by remitting 10 per cent. of its revenues ;" and
now not only the Catholics, nearly half the population of
Scotland, and probably one-third of the population of Eng
land—all the Dissenters in both countries—men of
strong religious feelings—men of honesty and integrity,
and men of firm purpose, are as hostile to the Protestant
Established Church as ever were the Catholics. The past
and the present agitation is nothing, therefore, compared
to the agitation which that Church will cause in future ;
and Statesmen would do well to ask themselves in time,
whether that agitation will lead to any good, and whether
they can ultimately still or resist it?
The course of events, within the last few years, have
made all men, however slow to learn, or reluctant to admit
an unwelcome truth, thoroughly aware that there is some-
thing—call it the progress of society, call it the popular
voice, call it justice, call it what you please—which guides,
governs, and overrules the wish or desire of the Legislator,
and gives the law to his will. Now, the qu-stion which
Sir R. PEEL, and the other supporters of the Church have
to consider, and which let us say they ought immediately
to consider, before they promote and prolong the agita-
tion and misery which it causes, is whether that something
which has of late so completely and so continually made Sir
R. PEEL and his partylook foolish, will not by and by set aside
the Protestant Established Church, as it has already taken the
Test Act out of its hands, and emancipated the Catholics
from the chains imposed in its name. Lord Howie':
speaking out boldly—but not half so boldly as the great
majority of thinking men in every part of the empire speak,
and have long spoken—has on two occasions declared that
it would be impossible to keep up a large Established Church
in Ireland for the benefit of a few. He declared that the system
was opposed to natural justice, and it was impossible to
expect even to be able to continue it. Sir ROBERT took
the Noble Lord to task for his assertions, and expressed
some alarm for the consequence of the Noble Lord's sin-
cerity. It was provoking danger to the Church, and pre-
venting the settlement of the question. Lord -Howie':
properly and justly stated in substance that orators did not
create a grievance by saying it existed ; and that if the
Irish Church was what its dear friends represented it to be,

Ministers or any other set of men might talk against it for
months, and would produce no more impression than Mr.
OWEN. Why, then, is Sir ROBERT PREL alarmed at Lord
HowicK's sincerity ? That question Sir ROBERT PEEL
ought to answer himself, and if he answer it truly and ho-
nestly, he will save his country from much of that unpleasant
agitation of which the Established Church will yet be the

cause.

Suppose Lord Howzcx had said, " There is something
in the profession of agriculture contrary to natural justice.
the farmers complain of distress, and the people complain
that bread is dear—l forsee that a time will come, when
the whole subject of agriculture must be thoroughly sifted
by this House,"—would Sir ROBERT PEEL have been
alarmed—would he have taken Lord Howzcx to task for his
sincerity ? Not he—he would probably have smiled at the
Noble Lord's simplicity ; and had he been in one of his mer-
riest moods, he would have recommended the Noble Lord to
visit Lord ALTHORP, and take a lesson in fattening cattle.
If, indeed, Lord HOWICK had said that the Corn-laws must
be enquired into, then had Sir ROBERT not felt any alarm
at such an awful denunciation by a Minister, some con-
science-stricken landlord would have deprecated such an
announcement, just as Sir ROBERT deprecated Lord
Howicx's just remark on the Irish Church. In
like manner, if Lord HowicK had said that the
time would come when the whole of our commer-
cial and manufacturing systems—the employing infants
in cotton mills, the sending boys to sea in ships, the con-
demning children to descend coal-pits to work, the shorten-
ing men's lives by grinding cutlery, the sweating for hours
together over furnaces, &c.—if Lord HowicK had said
that the time would come when the two Houses of
Parliament must enter into a serious investigation
of all those matters, Sir ROBERT, instead of being
frightened, would probably have given the Noble Lord
some insight into the great value of the cotton ma-
nufacture, and would have smiled with much con-
tempt at that staple of our national wealth being in-
jured by what he would probably then have called his
puny Lordship. Why is it, then, that there should be
any alarm when it is even hinted at in the House of Com-
mons that the Irish Church must be inquired into ; or the
Corn-laws investigated ; and no alarm, but rather contemp-
tuous mirth is felt when an orator talks of investigating
any of the natural and necessary branches of human in-
dustry ? Answer that question, Sir ROBERT PEEL, and
till you can answer it satisfactorily, stay out of the House
of Commons, and abstain from bolstering up, by your talents
and eloquence, what the Herald justly calls the cause of
agitation.
Sir ROBERT'S alarm is, however, the answer. As the
iniquitious lacy-making landlord who taxes the people's
bread, and starves them out of existence with a view to enrich
himself—though thank GOD he fails, for GOD has not so
cursed mankind as to make it really advantageous, even
for our iniquitous law-making landlords to condemn the
people to hunger and starvation—as the iniquitous law-
making landlord trembles whenever he hears of the Corn-
law being repealed, because he knows, like any other culprit,
that he does wrong, that he unjustly filches other
people's property from them ; just so is Sir ROBERT
PEEL aware that his beloved Church of Ireland is a
monstrous piece of injustice ; that its existence is contrary
to all the limited principles of constitutional freedom in
which even he was educated—to which freedom our coun-
try, in spite of the Tories, owes its greatness ; and his
alarm, like the alarm of the landlord, is the alarm of a
culprit, and is born of his own conscience. That something
we have already alluded to, under the power of which Sir
ROBERT shrinks and withers, which has already driven him
from Ultra-Toryism far beyond what twenty years ago was
liberal Whiggism—be it justice, be it the progress of
society, be it the popular voice—that something which
Sir ROBERT PEEL acknowledges as his master—he
knows and feels, has pronounced an irrevocable sen-
tence against the Irish Church. He knows, too,
that for a Minister to cast aside some of the conventional
hypocricies and insincerities which pass current in certain
houses, which are continually used with much duplicity to
blind the public, in which they fail, as they never blind those
who use them—Sir ROBERT knows that to cast aside any of
these conventional hypocricies hastens the fulfilment of the
irrevocable decree. Hence his alarm ; and hence are we jus-
tified in branding him, and all the Statesmen of his class, as
the knowing and wilful authors of all the mischief which has
of late sprung from that Church, and which he knows,
in spite of the agreement of parties in Parliament to tin-
ker it up, and make it appear less monstrously wrong than
it is, will yet spring from it. We do not accuse Sir ROBERT
PEEL of ignorance. He cannot have lived to his age, and
not know that the Irish Church, being a monstrous injus-
tice, cannot be preserved. We accuse him of sornethini

much worse—gross insincerity and hypocrisy, causing in his 1
station vast mischief to the community.

We beg the special attention of the subscribers to the
fund for the relief of destitution in the Highlands and
Islands of Scotland to a statement in another part of our
paper relative to the Shetland Islands. It appears beyond
all reasonable questim. that deep and wide-spread distress
still prevails in those unfortunate Islands, owing to two
successive failures of the crops and fishing, with which they

have been visited. A second calamity of this sort occurring
before the effects of the first have been repaired, must,
of course, fall with greatly aggravated severity.
There can be no surplus stock of provisions on hand from
a former year, and there must be less bodily strength to
struggle against want.
It also appears from these documents that the inhabi-
tants of Shetland, in their extreme distress, have applied
to the London Destitution Committee for relief, and
have been refused. Now this is a matter of very seri,ms I
moment, and must be strictly investigated. The money
was subscribed for the very purpose for which it is now
demanded. Is it reierved for other purposes? Is it
possible, we ask, that the Committee can be hoarding
the fund, so promptly and generously contributed by
the public for the relief of the destitute, in the High-
t inds and Islands of Scotland, in order to apply it to
objects never contemplated by the contributors, while
f mine is raging among those for whom it was intended ?
Surely this can never be. Such a misapplication of the
public bounty by those to whose honour it was so con-
fidingly entrusted, must not, fora moment be suppo,ed. Oar
limited space will not allow us to do more to-day than
draw attention to this, in our view, most important
subject, but we shall return to it to-rnorrow. In the
meantime, are the miserable inhabitants of the Shetland
Islands—a population of from 80,000 to 40,000—t0 be
allowed to penis 1? We hope not. We trust some means
will immediately be taken by the sul-scribers to enforce
the application of their money to its legitimate object.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Monday have been
received, togethe;• with Brussels and German Papers of the
latest dates. The following extracts from them include al!
the intelligence they bring of any general interest :
The Commissioners of the Government of Haiti, accredited to the
French Government, have left Paris for Brest, to embark on board his
Majesty's corvette La Salsette, for Port.au-Prince. They are the bearers
of the ratified political and financial treaty of the 12th of February.
It appears from a Barcelona letter of the 10th inst. that the Baron de
Meer is making serious preparations for attacking Berga, the head.quar.
ters of the Carlists in Catalonia, and that large convoys of ammunition,
victuals, &c., are being collected and forwarded for this purpose, as well
as several corps of troops.
We extract the following from the Sentinelle of Bayonne :—" Th e
A h
gta
nCorn themcoodasotroef Lord John
is
n Hraeyp'isactledagb-syhtihpe Modesto,
, has left
P
16 guns ; the Gorgon steam-frigate, carrying sixt:en 32-pounders and
iaosrslaess for cruise guns,
o
two 84-pounders, is daily expected in Passages from England,
the Tweed, Honourable Captain Pelham, is stationed at Santander, anti
the Royalist in the river of Bilboa. The battalion of Royal Marines
is still quartered at 'Passages. Several officers belonging to the English
squadron on the north coast of Spain, have been included in the pro-
motions which have taken place on the occasion of the Coronation.
Amongst others, Lieutenants Henderson, Carnegie, Robinson, and
Randolph, have been promoted to the rank of Commanders. The ca.
valry belonging to the brigade of the British Legion are to remain at
Santander until the horses, which Colonel Wakefield went to England
to purchase for them, shall arrive. In a letter from St. Sebastian, dated
the 16th instant, we find the following passage The English are
continually occupied in raising fortifications close to St. Sebastian. They
are at present constructing a redoubt on the heights of Aguirre, about
three-quarters of a league from the town. Tells redoubt, the walls of
which are eight feet thick, commands the plains of Astigarraga and
Loyola."'

The following, says the Courrier Francais," will be found a tolerably
correct description of the state of parties in Switzerland, judging
from the results of the last deliberations of the Diet. Reform party—
Zurich, Berne, Lucerne, Glaris, Soleure, Basle country, the two sec-
tions of Appenzel, Saint A rgau, Thurgau, Vaud, and Geneva—eleven
cantons and a half. Conservative party—Uri, Schwytz, Unterwalden,
Zug, Fribourg, Bazle town, Schaffhausen, the Grisons, Tessin, the Va..,
iais, and Neufchatel—ten cantons and a half. The first series repre-
sents a population of 1,400,000 inhabitants—the second 700,000 oniy.
If it should be thought proper to form a third list of the doubtful can-
tons, such as Soleure, Appenzel (Rhodes interior), and Geneva, possess-
ing altogether a population of 130,000, the Reform party will never
rheless have a decided numerical superiority; but, at present, that
party has great powers; and if Switzerland should be subjected to fo-
reign intervention, there can be no doubt but that the result would be
the triumph of the minority, and the confiding of the general direction
of affairs to the Sardinian coalition."
The King has addressed a letter to all the archbishops and bishops of
the kingdom, to ask their prayers for the citizens who were killed in the
three glorious days. It is as follows :—Monsieur, the Bishop, France
is about to celebrate the anniversary of the days of the 27th, 28th, and
29th July, 1830, and in this national solemnity, the first duty is due to
the memory of those citizens who fell defending the laws and liberty.
We think we shall worthily express the desire of the nation, in c!aiming
for these illustrious victims the rites the Church accords to Ehrietians
who die in her bosom. You will, therefore, cause to be celebrated with
this view, on the 29th of' this month, a funeral service in all the churches
of your diocese, and you will concert with the proper persons on this
subject.—Your affectionate " LOUIS PHILIP.
" Paris, July 11."
The Toulonnais of the 17th of July announces the arrival of the
Fulton steam-boat, from Algiers, with the mail and 150
passengers. A
letter from Oran, of the 10th of July, says—" The next packet for
France will take on board twelve persons, who are summand to give
evidence on the affairs of General Brossard, Among them is Muetapha
Aga, of the Douane, who has declared his intention of taking this
epportunity to visit Paris.
Some Arabs, who have arrived from the interior, have given us the
:allowing information, which is not unimportant :—Abd.el.Kader had
for a time quitted Te Redempt, at the head of 2,500 men of his regular
infantry. On account of the want of water he had thought fit not to
take any cavalry. The object of his expedition was to obtain the sub.
;nission of several towns and tribes of the desert, which have obsti-
nately refused to acknowledge the authority of the Emir.
The first town which the expedition came to refused to open its gates.
It then proceeded to Macaoudi. The Arab column had scarcely arrived
before that place, when it was impetuously attacked by the natives of a
treat number of tribes, who had taken arms to defend their indepen-
eence ; and after an obstinate engagement, which cost Abd-el-Kader
200 men, he retired, giving up his attempt against the hostile tribes. It
,s probable that another expedition will be sent to those parts after the
hot season, unless difficulties should arise in another quarter.—Monitene.
We publish the following extract from the ~nabian Mercury, as
telling us not so much the real state of Poland as what the Russian
Government would have foreigners think of it :
" FRONTIERS OF POLAND, JULY 9.—His Majesty the Emperor Nicho-
las, before he left Warsaw, gave an audience of some hours to the Go-
eernor-General of Poland. An official declaration is expected, con-
firming the hopes that have been conceived, and announcing how much
the Emperor has been satisfied with the conduct of his Polish subjects.
The Bishops who waited on him on the day of his arrival at Warsaw re-
ceived from his own mouth the most consolatory assurances of his favou-
rable intentions towards their country."—Commerce.
The Conrrier Francais publishes a letter from Bucharest, dated 9th
inst., stating that the Russian army in Bessarabia had been doubled
'.wring the preceding month, and that it amounted, independently of
.he garrison, to 15,000 run. There were 18,000 more in Tauris,
.vithout including those sereing in the navy. All the forces hitherto
quartered in the Ukraine, Puitava, Kiew, &c., had been marched into
the Government of Ekaterinoslay. These military movements were
viewed as indications of the ulterior designs of Russia on Wallachia
and Moldavia, and of the necessity for forwarding reinforcements to the
Caucaurs. The Russians were, moreover, carefully watching the Pro-
gress of events, and of their own intrigues in the East, and (not to be
taken unawares) they were determined on having in that quarter a force
of 20,000 or 25,000 men, which they could land in eight days under
the walls of Constantinople.
The National contains a letter from Bucharest dated the IGth inst.,
which states that "the struggle in which Wallachia was engaged with
Russia must decide her fate. 'The Autocrat had thrown off the mask,
disdaining any longer to preserve those appearances of magnanimity of
which he had so much parade in his treaties. Russia was no longer the
protecting power interposing between a feeble people and the sanguinary
despotism of Turkey. It would be seen that, with an incredible Ma-
Aiaveliim, the Emperor of Russia hail called upon the Sultan for a fir.

le
padceA.
cysthse in
dcc. .
.nan to impose his own will on the Wallachians."
The editor of the Progrcs du pas de Calais had been convicted (by
default; of having copied the article published in Le Temps containing
a report of the secret sitting of the Court of Peers, and sentenced to one
months' imprisonment and a line of 500 f. The proceedings against the
Liberal, of Douai, were also in progress.
CONSTANTINOPLE, JUNE 29.—Fires still occur here, which, how.
ever, have not done much damage, because very great vigilance is used
to prevent them. The declaration made by Mahomet Ali to the Con-
;tits of France, England, Austria, and Russia, that he intends to pro.
claim his independency no longer excites any alarm, and is almost for-
LatihietaTad of Alexandria, seriously to remind the ambitious
outer' since it is known that English and French men-of-war are al-
Paella of his obligations, and, If necessary, to employ every means to
compel him strictly to fulfil them. All the European powers are per-
fectly agreed respecting the necessity of such measures, and
notes as well from Russia as from Austria, England, and
France, are already on their way ; the energetic lan-
guage of which will most probably divert the Pacha for
a long time to come, from his project of shaking off the sovereignty
of the Porte, which is the more to be desired, as Mehemet Pacha Ills
already once made a similar attempt, aßnudsstihanouGghraintdhaspunkoew,,wfhoor
waste
second time failed, might have been disposed to repeat it every year.
herejULoTn O 1 et —1
oAths, the
es
yboeuenngdetained by indisposition in the
her Imperial Highness the Princess of Orange, who is
Danis
on her way to Tceplitz to meet her brother, the Emperor Nicholas,
,topped here a few days, has given up her plan of waiting to see her
Four and a Half ner Cents. 10bf, 50c.
nephew here, andFhrtasEpsroccHeedFetid
monDhs.er_jpouArßnmey..
July
23.
Five per Cents., 111 f. 30c. 25c, 30c.
Four per t ents., 103 f. 50e.
Rente ,;e Naples, 99f. Isc. 10c. Sc.
Roman Five per Cents., 101 N.
Spanish Actives, 23`-'23i, .Af
Bfahnreke
per
Actions, Cen tsti ~R3Bootf.. 285,025. 9f. ) c. 2. , ( c.3kof.
Belgian Three per Cents., 73 .
Belgian Bank, 1,415 f
132 CHANG
251'. money, 23f. 42
IK ON LONDON.
45c.; 5,:r.
One month, paper,.
krioaryttuiagnueLseoaLno.a36n,o"cfhaire2ef.pseareCents. 24%,
p3oß,iicmEso.ney, :25f. 3te,,
Three
Five p months,e
r Cents.
paper,
Ei2isslTl
f, .
.25c .
Three per Cents., 50f. 05c,
Bank Actions, 2,630 f.
ile
Spanish Actives, 23.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 24%
Haytian Loan, 364
1,445 f.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, JULY 14.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
107
t,i
Bolmgiaanns,B.lo•n-k%
101
Fosse per Cents.
St .:Ii
Threeper Cents. ........... .. ........
1443
Bank Shares
—illigemcineZeitung, July 10.

The last opera by Donizetti, entitled " Maria Ru-
dens," which was but coolly received at Venice, has been performed with
with much success at the 'Theatre de la Pergola, la Florence.

CHANCERY COURT.-(THIS DAY )

SALMON V. UANDALL AND CM—JUDGMENT.
The Loan CHANCELLOR gave judgment to-day in this case, the ar.
guments in which were concluded yesterday. The case came before
his Lordship in the nature of an appeal from the decision of his Honour
the Vice_Chancellor, granting an injunction restraining the defendants,
the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town of Cambridge,
from summoning a Jury to assess the value of the property of the plain-
tiff, which was required for the improvement of Cambridge. There
was also a cross-motion on behalf of the p!aintiff for an extension of the
injunction to restrain the defendants from at all interfering with the
,roperty of the plaintiff His Lordship, after going at some length
into the facts of the caoe, which we stated fully when the matter was
argued, stated his opinion to be, that the j ,d.ament of the Court below,
in granting the injunction, was erroneous, and ordered it to be reversed.
With respect to the, motion for the extension of the injunction, the
Court felt bound to dismiss it with costs.

_ ROLLS' COURT.-(THIS DAY.)
