in this

If' 1,4 IfRA 41 IY, 'Sec.

This-I)ay WjS published,
In .One large Vol. 4to. lkandsvntely pri..atcil, with Thirty-
six Plates, elegantly engraved, price Two Guineas -and
a 11 ft; f, iu no.trds.

Dedicated, by •Perinission, j,r the Use of Her 'Royal Hith-
. ',less the eriiicess Charlo:te 01 Wale.:,
LECTURES 'ori NATUP.AI. PHILOSOPHY :.
th itcbtlit of .inAny Years' Pr,,ctic4l Experience of the,
Fads elucidated. I,Vith a copious Appendix c,in'taining a
great number aid variety 01 AStronornicat and Celgraphicoi
Probletns ;also some ut.e til Tables, acrd a (.oniptehensive
Vocabulary.'

1 iie Lectures contain much uset.,,l and scientific Know-
L.',ge, divested ofssuch niatnemat:cat reylire
previous In ithernatical instruction ; yet stittLie.itly aithd by►
the tfutlis of tom stibii:fie science t(r popular reception, and-
accuriite, anti extensive intortnntiort.
' By MA k c;A It ET" ISI(VAN.
Sold for the Authoress uy G. KeArslc, y loct-stro t ; and
ro,,,tyr, Pci 1:..n • ,-tr,-er

IS' ,
THE SIX
HandSOrnely print.d QuArtb, on a tie P.tper, price One
Guinea ,and a 11, I.in boartis, • ,
New Wort-. entitled
•
(IENERAL BIOGRAPHY; or, LIVES of the
MOST EMINENT PERSONS of .tit Ayes,' Co,:n.
Cpnditrons, acid rrol'essions, arranged a_cc.rd.og
pi ka betica I Order ern pmed

hy J. AIKIN, M. D. gcv. TIJOMAS 101ORGAINT, and
Mr. .1 lINSToN .-
1 It is the Particular Pin pose of this Work ti? :,tlCrd a more
chin aete.ist I.stimate,- moral and noel leduat;
of the iii.,Araphical,Re,:ord, thit has- h.ti.erto
b•en 'done ni himitar PuoliCations ; and like vise to prOpor-
tilo. more justly the'Len4th.and Minutetiesi-of the Nat rltive
to the reiat,veConsegt.enceofthel ndivi,lual cummeinorat,'d.
By attention to these Pcas,, it is hoped that ru
.11 a View
been given of ail the most conspicurins h uaaers is
Ilistory a:ld literature, as. may. Suffice for the 05ti1.10..11
and" Entertainment- of gelieral keadcrs, and .11TeL Or,
~ces,iity of consulting a:Vat ety of Atithors. For the. Us: of
those who.wislyto make mOre particular Irquiries, anti
•Nvi.se fur the pn;"pose authenticating the •Matter of N.,
ton, Retere. ces .a re sujoined to every A rt,cle of the
:Sources wnence the Inforinaticn has beeri detive;t.
Printed joluison; St: Paul's Churchyard; (7, Kears-
i ley, fleet-Oreet ; and ILCrosbv; Stationers%court, Ltidgate...
stiett. Of whom nay be had, the First, Second, Third,.
I Fourth, and Fitt:i Volumes of this Work, each price One
I Guinea and a in boards.

Second Edition„.with Improvement"; '
Crc;,;ory's Mechanics, in two lat);e. t ;etavo Volumes, besides
Volume containing fifty-five Quarto Pqate..
Th s ftey was pt:blished, Price tr, 16'4. in tie: rds,
TitEATISE OF, MECHANICS,
Praeli_cal. and ,Desciiptive. ' -
1;), 0 IA NTiIUSt GREGORY, A.M.
Of the Royal,Mlitary Academy, Woolwich. .
'Testimonies in Favour_ol this lVork :
" We have no hesitation in saying, that this Work cannot
fail. to prove extremely. ucetul. The first volume, in partif
eular, is executed in a manner creditat)te to the judg_
rnent and-abilities the Author, who has ren.le'red an essen-
;Lai service to his Country by its publicatin. Should the
Work ini!et with that rineption.W Inch it merits from the pub.
weliave ni;doubt. hut a Dew edition will soon be de,
matide.d."-- Matz. tio 95.
On the w nole we reord the present 53 a Ectill
sPetti'lle reatise. We have he,..n much entertained arid in.
shit to by the Second 'Volume ; thoi,gh we do little
more than state iwkeneral terms,that thedescriptlonS, to ge-
neral,•are full and satisfaebry.s This part of tile Mech,m.cs
we consider to be highly useful ; and; intlec.xl, there
no.v;/0c....ur tb-our tuintis any_Engiish Work...of the Irian
tool extent. The plates are neatly dxecuted, and by a very
judicious arrangement placed by themselves in a separate
volume."—Critical Review, -May, 18.96. . •
" Though these volumes.are of the oaavo size, yet as the
type is small, and the paw:. full, they cant:int a vast quantity'
ot materials."

" As art elementary work, this Treatise on Mechanics is by
far pre:er',ible to any other wort: extant, at leas - in the ten;,_
fish Jaii,....uage: The .ti le is persp:vit,,us,. the arratigemmt
materials is in very few place6.sus-ceptibli of iinproven;::-4 ;
the information it' contains is extensive, . and the plat-..s as
elesant ; we do not therefore Iwsitate to recommend.' I to • toe'
attention of,the ccientifie. world." - British Crit. Aug. IF.of,
• Print..-.. 1 for -G. Kearsley, Fleet—street, Londolc; vv;ieid
may likewise be had, this Author's Treatise on Astronomy,
cioe 16s. hoards : and his Lessons, Astroin. and l'hi:os.
Price 4s. boards.

lIE return of Eruptive Cowphints at this'Sea
1, son, when the cold weather prevents the perspiration
from
,aCting as a corretive,•,is shevvii in many. habits
:ind much irritation under the skin It is tio,v ascer-
tamed i.lut the -acticn of S PI LSBU It PATENT AN -11.
l' I C I.P,tOI'S gives instant relief, by removing
all.Obstridions in the Seretory Vessels, even when under
the aCtionof-Seropliula. Irs .00dielleels as a. Medicine. its
giving Appetite, pleasant to and leciairin: no cessation
of business or rc;:reatiOn., and its existence as a ;e :icily in va-
rious.-complaints tor more than thitiy years in repute, • are
lad§ that rt,.:ny deception.
hl r, SPilsbury is not ac„:ountable for-any mixture sold, un-
less the words " lly'tite•King's Patent" aieiu,ert.dat length
on the Bill, of DireCtions, Bottle, a d Wrapper; the Stamp
also.( the King's Duty) is prAtteill in black I nitinsi-eati of Itt,d'
Sold at tile I.)is-ponsary, Nl/4,. t Soho. square, London,
sit Bwth!sot si. 41'. 103. Daty included. Loth-
Tchistt Lsse=e, Sr,. . •

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF' LORDS.
FRIDAY, FEB. 6.

Mr. Hobbouse, Mr. Lygon, and several other
Members of the House of Common's, brought up
the Seametis' and Soldiers' Seduaion Bill, the Irish
GunpOwderlmpOrtation Bill, the Canada Yarn
and a Private Bill ; which were read a first time.
The Grain Intercourse Bill passed through a Coin-
mittee and was reported. •
On the motion of the Archbishop of CANTER-
BURY, the Bishop of Exeter Was desired to preach
before their Lordships, in Westminster Abbey, on
Wednesday, the .25th instant, being the day ap-
pointed fora General Fast.
SLAVE TRADt.

The House resolved itself into a Committee on the
Bill for Abolishing the Slave Trade. The preamble
having been postponed, •
Lord GRENVILLE said, with respect to filling
up the blanks in the Bill,' that the time which he
intended to propose as the, period for the Aboli-
tion of this Trade might, perhaps, appear some-
what at variance with that eager desire which the
House had expressed for the Abolition, but the gra-
tification arising from the near. prosped of at length
carrying into effea this great measure would, per-
haps, induce them to give way, in.a small degree,
to circumstances, an:: not to insist upon an Aboli-
tion to take place immediately. He proposed that
the time to be fixed'for the Abolition of the Trade to
the West Indies should be the Ist of 'Jan. 1808, but
that the period after which no ships engaged ,in the
Trade should clear out from. the ports of this country,
should be the Ist of May in the present year. His on-
jeel proposing these.periods was, that the vessels at
present engagdin the Trade should have a fairoppor- ,
tunity of clearing out from the ports'of this country
previous to the ist Of May, and afterwardS of taking,
in their lading in the ports of Africa,' and of carrying
their cargoes to the West Indies, previous, to the Ist
of January, 1808. As it might happen, however,
that, from unavoidable circumstances, some vessels
might not be able to complete their cargoes on the
Coast of Africa, so as to carry them to the West
Indies previous to that period, he intended to sub-
mit to the Committee a proviso, for the purpose of
allowing vessels, under such circumstances, to trade
to the West Indies with their cargoes.
The Blanks were tilled upon conforinhy with his
Lordship's propositions.
The Earl Of HARDWICXE doubted whether the
Provisions of the Bill would not interfere with the
recruiting for his Majesty's service in the West In-
dies.

Lord GE3NVILLE waft of opinion the recruiting
would not be atlle'eed by the Bill, as Preemen, and
not Saves, were the objeda of recruiting.
• L. r l REDESDALE suggested, that as the Bill
was at presented worded, it might be construed
extend to prevent the Trade on the Coast of Africa
from being carried on after the Ist of May next,'
liCh was evidently not the object Odle framers of
the Bill.
Lord GRENVILLE said, a doubt of that nature
bad just been suggested to him, and he thought it
deserved consideration, as the limitation of the Ist
of May was certainly only intended to apply to the
clearing out from the Ports of this Country. If it
teas found to be necessary, an explanatory Clause
might be introduced in a inture stage of the Bill.
A short conversation also took place betweeh
Lord Rebeshiee-and Lord GelLevieee, the former
Noble Lord conceiving that the-Bill might be con-
strued to extend to our possessions in the East In-
dies, and to -our faCtories in Asia Minor. Lord
GRENVILLE observed, that no Slaves had been im-
ported to either for souse time. He was aware,
however, that both in the East Indies and in Asia
.Mator there were many Christians who kept a
nuinuer of Slaves, but he elid not conceive that this
Bill could be construed to extend so as to injure them
in their property. He would, however, again con-.
Sider the subjeCt, and, if necesaary, a Clause to pre-
vein the efree-t of any such construction might be
proposed.
The blanks having been filled up,
Lord GRENVILLE proposed a proviso, allowing
such vessels as should have cleared out front the
Ports of this Country for Africa, previous to the Ist
of May next, aad should not have been able to
complete their lading to Africa so us to carry their
cargoes to the West Indies previous to the st of
Janeary, 1808, to trade neverthelesS to the West
Indies with such cargoes.
&ell GRENVILLE also stated, that as some persons
might take advantage of the interval allowed, to
make two voyages ‘t ith the same vessel, be intend-
ed, therefore, to propose a Clause to prevent that
advantage then being. taken.
In the course of conversation in the Committee,
the Earl of WESTKoRLANb suggested, that the thee
fixed for the Abolition ought to be extexided, Parlia-
ment having by the Act of last Session pledged it-
self that the trade should continue for two years.
Lard GRENVILLE dented that any such:pledge
bad becms given by Parliament, as the object df the
Bill passed last Session was to prohibit any more.
Vessels from being engaged in the trade, but there
was nothing in it from which it could be inferred,
that the. Vessels aheady engaged in the trade were
to be allowed to continue it tor any certain time.
The provisions of the Bill having been gone
theough, the preamble was again taken into consi-
deettion. . ,
Lord HAWKESBURY objeaed to the words in
the preamble, which declared the Slave Trade to be
contrary 'to justice, humanity, and sound policy.--.
Upon the principles which were thus Stated as the
grouthls of the Abolition, he could not understand the'
diathea ion made between the Abolition of the Trade,
end the. Emaneipatioe of the Slaves already in the
islauds. Athniteng, for the sake of argument, the
assertion in the preamble to be true, the same princi-
ple would equally apply to the existing state of slavery
Flt the West India Islands, as to the abolition of the
trade in Staves. It was perfealy clear, that if the
trotted of expediency was taken as the foundation
of 'this measure, that then there would be a mark-
ed distinCtion between abolition and emancipation,
the tbrmer would be expedient, whilst the latter
would be clearly inexpedient. He thought it. would
have" been wiser to have worded the Resolution of last
Session, so as to place the Abolition on the ground
of inexpediency, than to have agreed to it in the
form in which it passed, but at any rate that Resolu-

tion was nonbinding on the House with respect to the,
wording of this Bill. He would not now argue over
again the measure of the Abolition,-hut whatever
good the advocates of that measure expected to de-
rive from it, •no benefit could, in his opinion, be
derived from retaining these words in the preamble ;
on the contrary, be thought that much danger was
to be aprehended from holding out to the Negroes
in the West Indies, the principle, that the Slave -
Trade, by which they were originally brought thither,
was contrary to justice and humanity.
The Earl of CA RNABFON contended that
the SlaVe Trade, by tearing men from their fami.
lies and their country in order to place them in a state
of slavery, for the purpose of producing profit to the,
Planters,' was in itself essentially unjust, and inhus
man, and therefore that the words which so charac-
terized it, ought to be.retained.
The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that the
expression in the Preamble having been admitted by
the Noble Lord (Hawkesbury) to be true, it followed
that it ought to be retained. What was the objeCtion
of the Noble Lord last night ? It was; That this Trade
ought not to be abolished, except in conjundion
with foreign Powers, and now the Noble Lord, by,
his motion, would take away the only ground. upon
which we could ask other powers to co-operate in
the Abolition of the. Trade. If we declared that
we abolished the Trade on the ground of ex-.
pediency alone, then it might be fairly supposed
that we did so for reasons applicable to ourselves
alone, or toour own Colonies, but by stating broadly'
and distineily that the Trade was contrary to jus-
tice and humanity, there we took a ground upon
Which we might fairly call upon other Powers to co-
operate with us in abolishing the Trade.: He could
not discover any reason for apprehending danger
from thus expressing, in a Legislative Aa, their
opinion.of the Trade, whilst the retaining the words
objected to, was the best mode they could at pre-
sent adopt of leading to. a General Abolition.
The Earl q. MORTON thought the adoption of
abstrad principles in a Legislative At was incon-
sistent-with the wise and wary language which their
ancestors had used on such occasions, and seemed
rather like an adoption 'of that mode of expressive;
which had been so repeatedly used in modern
trance.

Earl STINHOP E approved highly of the expres-
sionsin the PreaMble which had been-objected to.
He thought, however, that . this Bill would not do
Much towards the abolition of the Slave Tradewith-
out the adoption of adequate regulations in the Colo-
oies. It might, perhaps, be proper to engt, that
every Slave imported into the Islands. contrary to
law, after the time limited for the Abolition of the
Trade, should ipso facto be free. If the local Legis-
latures would not adopt regulations sufficient to car-
ry the Abolition into complete effect, ,we had the
means of compelling them, by imposing additional
duties, and in other ways. If we could not speak
to their hearts, we, might to their pockets, and by
the latter mode produce a greater effect than could
possibly be produced-by DemoSthenianbr Ciceronian
eloquence.

Lord REDESDJ.ILE expressed ,apprehensions
that danger would arise from retaining these ex-
pressions in the Preamble, and called the attention of
the House to the dangerous consequences which re-
sulted in France from the adoption of abstra& prin-
ciples in Legislation, which, however true in them-
.,elves, were applied in a manner that produced con-
fusion and anarchy in that country.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE maintained that
the words winch it was proposed to leave out were
most essential words in the Bill. How was the great
obje& of general Abolition to be attained, it it ap-
peared upon the face of our own proceedings that we
were only actuated by considerations of expediency.,
and that in calling upon other Powers to abolish
trade, we made no sacrifice ourselves ? This lit!. could
illustrate by a communication which he hail whilst at
Paris with one of the French Ministers on this sub-
jea. On his urging to the Ministers r, ',le Abolition of
this Trade, he was answered, that it co'rild not be
expected that the French Gfixiernment, irritated as
it had been by the, condua of the Negroes in St.
Domingo, would readily agree to the ,Abolition of
the Trade. He replied, that the Abolition would
have been the only ett'eaual means of preventing
the horrors which had occurred in that Island.. Then
the truth came out ; he was told by this Minister,
England, her. Colopies well stocked, with Ne-
groes, and di-Circling a large produce, might abolish
the Trade without inconvenience ; but that France,
with Cole nits ill stocked, and deficient in produce,
could not abolish it without conceding to us the
greatest advantages, and sustaining a proportionate
loss. Thus, then, if we were to declare the ground
Of oiar abolishing the trade to be expediency alone,
we should be declaring that we were actuated by the
very policy imputed to us by the French Minister ;
and how, in thus being supposed. to malke no sacri-
fice ourselves, could we. call with any cheat upon
foreign Powers to co-operate in the Abolition ?
The Duke (9' MONTROSg declared himself to be
a friend to the Abolition, but he thought at the same
time, that it would bei better to leave out the words
objeaed to.

Lord HOLLAND said he could not clearly un7,
derstand the distillations which hadd-been attempted
to be drawn between justice'-and expediency. He
was of opinion, that if the subjea was fully consider-
ed, those distinctions would be found to centre in the
same point. It was.not a distillation between justice
and expediency, with regard to Abolition and Etnan7
cipation ; on the contrary, whilst on the one hand it
was esentially just that the Trade should .he abolished,.
t would on the other be injustice, to the slaves in the
Islands. to give them emancipation, because' it could.
only tend to their Own injury. He was stirprisecho,
hear the Noble and Learned Lord (Redesdale).:on-
demning the introdu,'.tion of abstract principles into
legislation. What did' our Bill of Rights contain
but absriad principles ? He was decittediy of opi-
nion that the words ought to be retain 6. No dan-
ger whatever had resulted frota condu& in
several of the provinces in America, where the Trade
had been abolished, and slavery stir/ continued. • .
ice DUKE OF CLARENC4 urged' thb danger
which might result from retaini.4; these expressions.
When the negroes in the island‘, found that no fresh
importations took place, they w Ould.natUrally inquire
the cause, and when theyfwad that the Trade was
abolished, and declared to be contrag to justice, hu-
manity, and sound, policy, !-,,,0u1d it not have a ma-
tetial erfeat in their minds ixith.respect to their own.
situation, and the means kr,: which.t4ey were broI.ILX
there ? '

•
The Cimmittee Aided on the question, that tl.e
words obje&ed to stand part of the p:camble.—Con-
tents, 33—Non-Contents, 10--,Majority,
The House resumed, and the Report was ordero
to be received on Monday.
, ,

ADMINISTRATTN OF 11/STICt; IN SCOTLAND.

Lord GRENVILLE, in consequence of the Report
of the Slave Trade Bill standing, for discussion on
Monday, begged leave to postpone bringing forward
the Bill respekling the Administration of Justice in
Scotland till Thursday.

CHINESE TN TRINIDAD.
The DUKE of CLAR ENCE said, he had intended to
bring, forward a Motion respe&ing the Chinese im-
ported into Trinidad, but after communicating with
several Planters upon the subjea, he thought it ad-
visable not to bring it forward.—Adjourned till Mon-
day.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

FRIDAY, FEB. 6.

Lord WILLIAM RUSSELL presented a Petition
from the Tanners in Surrey against the Oak Bark
Bill.—Petiiions were also presented against the Bill
ty the Tanners of Newcastle under Line, and the
'Tanners of Chester and Exeter:—Referred severally
to the Committee on the said Bill.
Sir RALPH MtLaANKE acquainted the Houe that
the Saltash Committee were obliged to adjourn from
this day till to-morrow morning, in consequence of
the absence. of one of their Members ; and moved
that George Granville Venables Vernon, Esq. (the
Member alluded to) be required to attend in his
place on Monday next.—Ordered.
Mr. Johnston, from the Office of the Chief Secre-
tary in Ireland, gave in at the Bar a Return of the
Receipts and Disbursements from the Commissioners
of Accounts in Ireland.
Mr. BRAGGE BATHURST moved, that the. COM»
mittee appointed to search for Precedents touching
the Expulsion of Members from that House, be em-
powered to send for Persons„ Papers, and Records,
&c.—Ordered.
Mt. SWAN moved for, a new Writ for the City. of.
;Vorcester, in the room. of Henry Bromley, Esq.
who had accepted the Stewardship of the Chiltern:
Hundreds.—Ordered.
Lord TEMPLE brought up, the Bill for regulating
the Trade to and froth the Cape of Good
Read a first time, and ordered, to be read a second
time on Monday.
The Turkey Tobacco Bill. was ordered to be
printed, and committed -for Tuesday next. •
Upon the Motion of Mr. VA NSI TTART, the iHottse
went into a Committee to consider furthei the Gtant
to his Majesty.
COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY.
Mr. VANSITTART moved„ that•a sum „not exceed 7
ing One Million Two Hundred Thousand Pounds,
be granted for the purpose of discharging the '
terest of such Exchequer Bills as, shall have been paid
-for the year t 806.—Agreed to.
Upon the House resuming it was ordered, on 'the
Motion of Mr. Holmousz, that the Report be to
ceiyed on Monday..
SOUTH 4MPTON PETITION,
THdMAS ASHTON SMITH presented a Petition '
from certain of the Clergy, Gentlemen, and Free-
holders of Southampton.
• The SPEAKER, request the Honourable Member
would have the govlUess to state the obje& of the-
Petition.
Mr. SMITP: said that it related to undue. prreices
at the later EleCtion for Southampton. •
Mk'. TIERNEY wished the Gentleman would state
tivlre explicitly the nature and. objet of the Peti,tioa
he was about to present.. •
Mr. WILLIAMS WYNNE COLIId not vote for the
admission of a Paper of which he was as yet entirely
ignorant.
Mr. A. SMITH thought he bad gone through the
necessary forms in stating the Parties petitioning, the
matter of the Petition, and in moving that such Pe-
tition be received.

The SPEAKELt felt it his duty to apprise the Hon.
Member, that a prayer in formar in substance was
-essential to the nature of a Petition.; that. mere
statements were not sufciput ; and that therefore
it Would be advisable for the Honourable Member to
state whether the Petition in- question, contained a
Prayeror not.
Mr. A. SMITH replied, that the Petition would
not be found defeetive in any of the usual forms;
and took upon himself to aftirm,.that it did contain
a prayer : an alledged grievance was complained
against, and it was prayed' thab the House would
iuterfere to rem** or to remove it. The, Peti.
tion was then received, and read 4) substance as'
follows :

• " That the unders:gned Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-
men, and Freeholders of the County of Southamp-.
ton, having witnessed with the deepest concern
that is the late Eledion for that County the most
unconstitutional measures were resorted to, felt it

a duty which they owed to themselves, 'to the
County, and above all to the Privileges of that Ho-
nourable House, to state the transa6tions which, in
their humble opinion, tend to contaminate the pu-
rity of EleOion, and to Idea the dearest interest of
the Subjea ; that in the late Ele6tion for the said
County, certain persons high in the confidehce of
Government, and others holding weighty, and, re-
sponsible situations under the Crown, were- guilty
of an 'active and undue interference, to influence the
freedom of Ele6tion, and that particularly William
H. Freemantle,.Esq. a Member of that Honourable
House, Joint Secretary of the Treasury, had been
peculiarly` zealous in enforcing, by means highly un-
constitutional, the claims of certain of the Cancii•
dates, in contempt of the right of franchise, and in
violation of the privileges of that Honourable House ;
that the Petitioners, having in due 'remembrance the
Resolutions. entered upon the Records of that Ho-
nourable 'House, indignitutly deprecating any at-
tempts upon the part of power to coerce or to cor-

rupt the franchise of the S. übjeci, should have felt it
a violation of their duty if they had not submitted
the above statement to parliamentary notice, and if
they had not, as they did theri, pray for such inter-
ference upon the part of the Honourable House as
iti"t heir discretion it might think best calculated to
punish such a breach of the privileges of,Parliament,
and such an outrage upon the freedortief Eleetion, •
and the liberty of the Subje&." , It 070.0 subscribed.
by upwards of ninety signatures.
Mr. 4. Smir -moved that the said PAtion: do
upon alit table.

Lord TZMP LE said, that tkere Witt not
in that House who .would be more anxious that such
a Petition should receive, as it was entitled to, 113'
most serious attention of Parliament, than be was.
He should certainly support the, motion that it do
lie on the table. At the same time, that if the
allegations set forward. in the Petition were foond to
have originated in mere calumny, and to be totally
groundless, lie could not help thinking that in suck
case the calumniators would be deserving Of the most
serious animadversion. Be could not satistactoriii
account, to himself for - the great delay that had
occurred in Winging such serious charges before
the House.

Mr. C4NN!NG said, he did not much liketlie
appearance in a certain qUatter of starting premiluge
obje&ions. The Petition, when it was offered td
the House, encountered a clainolit of objeaiongi
which, however, were no sooner started :than
rid of; and now that it is presented and read;
that it is admitted that it should lie upon the tabl4
he could not see the reason nor the justice' in
arguing. from a possible ulterior decision against
what was to enable Gentlemen to decide... It looked
more like prejudice than itnpartiality.
Mr. TIERNEY did not think it at all prejudging
the Partition, to observe upon the apparent moon'
sistency (and indeed au incons:stency 'that it was nn"
attempted to account for) of the complaint being sc4
long subsequent to the injury complained of.
the Petitioners had no motive for delay, it did sr
pear to him that they had done themselves and their
cause a very manif,:st injustice in
.nof having pre-
sented a Petition upon the first day 'of the Session,
or upon as early an opportunity after as' possible;'
lie did not prejudge the merits Of the: Petition, aria
in deciding hereafter upon tfiem,'no gentleman, IA
trusted, would
,stispea 'him of being-influenced bf
any unworthy motive.'
Mr. PERCIVAL should be far from q-nestionins
the motive of the Right Hon. Gentleman in deciding
,upon. this or upon- any other Petition, but could nog
be
,brought to think that' this PetitiOn was liable to
very serious objections nierely because tht. Petition-
ers thought proper to choose their own time for pre".
sentinff'it. The only question for the House was,
could the alledged charges be supported ? and it;
upon due consideration, they shall appear to be inane
out by stiff:At:lent testimony,. surely Ge/olernegl'
would 'net contend thaf In that case the prayeibj the
Petition could be.atfeaed by any objeaion to the
time at which., that Petition had beep prCseutech-s,
Gentlemen might exercise -their wit and powers
ridicule as ranch as they pleased; as to.any introdu4'
torr informalities,_ but it once those fans were pro"
ed, there .weuld arise a. much more segiois -discur
sion.

WILLI,AIII WYNNE confidently apPPale4
to_the House it any thing had tilleu from tii„E 5.00
to justify the implicit charge of treating the present
subject with any species, of levity.. Un the cocoa",
ry, he insisted that the business froui rho e~innit
Thad been taken Up by that side of the House with 31:
the seriousness it merited he for his part,. let wlo*
would be the result, could see it in _no' „Other tb.l
the most serious point of view—important if Ot
facts alledked were
,proved j. and, equally imports `t"
in his mind, if they should be disproved •
Mr. HURST tfid not tb,ink it of the smallest taro'
client illent whether the Petitioners, were lout 'lced by
sense of duty, or hi sinister motives, they 'Jr
on them to bring. against certain persons certOina
charges, anal be rejoiced that it would be now soak
decided how far these charges were warranted bf
proofs, from the rumours that had been so
triOnsly oircubted not alone through tlie county c),".
cerned, but through the country. He was g1a03,04"
the Petition had found its way into that House, all.
that those rumours would be for even. silenced by P.P
paramount decision of the People's Represeptatives
for hehad no hesitation in saying that he anttcipate.
with con4dence an issue hottouxable, to the parti'll
'B9 calumniated.

Mr. RUSE was -not willing to suOnskipp. the:
partiality of the Uononrable Meniber spe.lo
last, but as it had been urged as, an
.objtectil
to the Petition, the time of its being presented,, 11,
would beg leave to set Gentlemen right upon tlf
• head, ; the. Petition was delayed for tic. put-pow: nf
meeting the consideration of a greater number"
Members. Had it been, pre,,;elited, << s !t wasi.bugl
Bested} upon the,first o.ly of 'the Sesdo:),, it „youl'i
have come before the House at a time. when
.a
,Gentlemen were abSevti
the importance-of its matter is taken into
consideration, Gentlemen must be.convinced of ti'v.
galadia(t‘)vr.pihtrye:porfiettly'enl Countrya fora full attendance..
Mr. STURGES BOURNE highly approved ,°f
the cami;cl and hondurable manner in whiCh rch"
tition was brought forward. The matter to
it related was acknowledged on all sides to be °
.the utmost importance, involving no less considers--
Lions than those of the dearest rights of the Subject!
and the privileges oft , hat House. He insisted thatZ;
would hare been trifling with either to hurry on
discussion before there had been a sufficient atten,,i
ance to give it adequate consideration. He repeatl;
his sense of the candid andhonourable way hi Wb'e
it had been submitted to the Souse.
Mr. FIiELikLINTLE could not help asking the
Honourable Gentleman if be thought the few Metti;
bers present constituted the full attendance that was
allowed to be so desirable .and so necessary to the due
consideration of this Petition ? He was indeed hart
py that it had been presented, but there was a OP(
informality, as far as related' to himself, and °
which the House probably was not aware, It had
. been the practice in all proceedings personally atiec e
ing any Member, to give that Member every ,
notice ; he had been personally interested in the rit'
tition, and yet it was in his place in that House e
received the first intimation of the serious charges
that bad been advanced against him. The busine, ;
altogether was, upon his part, entirely unexpectet.
he might with truth say he had been taken
.by tint

prise. ,
Mr. STURGES BOURNE, in explanation, 0"
that in speaking of the necessity of a
on a future day, he did not mean any allusion 1°
the numbers then in the House. The Petition wast
net then to undergo consideration ; b,at ,i(Av th°
the Members in general had come t,) their PI:
liamentary duty, there was a certainty of a full nice
in, whenever this Petition 'was to come brior ,s,
.Howe. • . •
Lord 1-10IVICK thoug-ht; that as the charges
]n tl
. „
leacd in the Petition were of the most w„iiest
kind, so did they exact from' that House the stric
scrutiny, and the most mature consideration i Jici
