" For the Minister of War.

- .
The Dit'eaing. :Nlinister of .the '4.dnihiistiation of

DEJEAN."

~~ ~

THE,MINISTER CF THE.INTERIOR TO THE PREFECT

-OP TEE DEPARTMENT OF

, . ``. SIRE, ..
" The ~Continental .War. has commenced—the
Emperor's moderation has. not been able to prevent
is.. France . has been provoked by a Sovereign vhb
114 S lung been her friend, and whose power she
has considerably augmented. The Emperor could
-not be otherwise than just to that Sovereign—he
has shewn himself generous to the last moment—
but his justice has not been acknowledged, and his
generosity has been repulsed. The Erhperor is com-
pelled to conquer. -It is in vain that he wishes to
give peace to Europe, in setting limits to his own.
greatness ; but an inconceivable blindness opposes
the accomplishment of these. humane Wishes ; and
that part:of Europe; which the sebbrge of war had
hitherto reseeded, has brought , upon itself all the!
fury and evil of it.
" The territory of France will continue to enjoy
all the benefits of peace. To excuse it from the
ravages off War, the Etnperor has carried it far from
his frontiet's. He is again going far to face new dan-
gers for the defence of his people. Let his people
second him ; let those who are called to partalteof
*dangers and glory fly to the post assigned them by ho-
nour and -their country ! 'Let the sacrifices of another
nature, which,may contribute .to the success of our
arms, be made with promptitude and devotion !
principally -by- a stri& exs`ci.ition .of the laws,. and
a read} _obedience to whaterey is. commanded by their
authority, that each citizen can prove his attachment
to thelimveror; .and 'theletterest which he takes in
the prosperity bf his .counKy. But it 'is incumbent
Upon the Public Funaionaries in particular to set an
exaniple the:ittht3pc-eof.Oe.Empesor,
should .ope-
'Tate as.a mptive for redoubling their zeal-;; it ris• ne-
tessary they 'should': rnalec..A it evident that ;his-
liVes,il),:theittidst.Af'-`theni, and. that they, are
worthy of the • choiee with which" he has honoured
them. yti44r i m
ativiecfmore trtitOil from, perceiveeg
degree -'9f; order i its
•i e tenet- less, y4rjable. than
tever, that atikd a.tesiinuny..to astonished Europe
'of the sp Fit which- ablifiai her-.--of the, immensity
°cif her resource, resilltin4POM the unanimity of all
her eitizens—o t her confidence in the Genius' that
conduits; her 'armies, and their devotion to their
Sovereign, who has done:So much for her happiness:
and his own glorY--; and who will do more still for
her
.prosperity when her enemies shall have been
forced to accept the generous terms which he has
never ceased to ,olfer them.
." Such, Sir, • will he the Apeetacle presented by
your departMent. Thereto you shall contribute with
all your efforts, and by employing all your means to
their fullest extent, in the duties imposed upon you,
and by every thing else which can W. added by the
present important moment ; and thus, you will pro-
cure for me the Jatisfaaion of making known to the

Emperor that yOu have fulfilled the extent of your
duty.
" Accept, Sir, the assurance of my perfea

deration.

g‘ CHAIIpAGNy.-

VIE EMPEROR NAPOLEON'S APPEAL TO THE SAXONS.

" Saxons !—The Prussians have . over-run your
territory, •lenter it as your ddliverer. They have
forcibly broken the connexions which united your
troops, and have joined them to their own army.—
You are called upon to shed your, blood for an inter-,
est to which you are not only strangers, but which is
even in oppOs;tion to your interests.
" My army • was upon the point. of • evacuating
Germany when your territory was violated : it shall
return to France as soonas Prussia has acknowledg-
ed your independence, and renounced the execution
of the p'an she had formed against you.
" Saxons, your Pritke had, till tlrat moment:re-
-fused to enter into an .alliance •so opposite to his
duties; if he has since consented to the conditions
imposed upon him, it has•only been in consequence
of being compelled to it by the irruption of the Pros-,
sians.

" I was deaf to the idle provocation which the
Prussians offered against my people. I was deafto
them scylong as their armaments 'were confined to
the Prussian States, and my Minister did not quit
Berlin till your territory had been violated.
" Saxons, your destiny is in your own hands !
Will ybu remain undetermined between those who
would be.mgyouunder the yoke,and those. who would
defend you ? My :vii-:tories. shall secure the hide-
,ppndence of your. Prince and your nation. The con-
quests of the Prussians will only rivet, your chains.
But what 801 say ? Have they
.not already tried
every experiment, Have they not, for a long time
past, used every, effort to compel your Prince to ac
knowledge a sovereignty which, once imposed upon
you, would erase you from the list of nations ) •
YoUr independence, your constitution, your
liberty, -would then only exist in the pages of memo-
ry ; and the shades of your fore-tattlers, those valiant
Saxons, would. disdain you for suffering yourselves
to be reduced to slavery without resistance—a slave-
ry prepared for you so long before-hand-.-and thus
becoming witnesses of the degradation of your coun-
try into a Prussian province.
" Given at our Head-quarters at Ebenidorft
‘1 Oa.- 11, 1806." " NaroLtox."

' On the 3d olOaober the following Order of the
Day was issued to 'the Grand Army :
"The Marshals are informed that the EmPeror
Las created a Legion of the North, under the com-
mand of General Z.visAscitEK—tWo-thirds ,of 'the
Ofgcers Must 'be Poles. In consequence of this
Order, all deserters who shall be found at different
points where the' army niAy arrive, shall be provid•:.
ed with passports to proceed , to Landau, where the
Legion shall be for Med. Within a feW'days several
Polish Oifeers will join the. different corps of 'the
army ; and it is his Majesty'.s orSer, that an Officer
in every corp§ shall be nowinated by the Staff, to
receive deserters, and to convey them to
The first corps of the Grand Army shall be formed
at Mentz, where another corps will al6o be. formed,
tinder-The King of Holland, which will take the
name of the Advanced Guard of the Artily of . the
North."

COPY OF THE SECOND NOTE TO P 4. DE NOBELS.•
11.41EFF, DATED SEPT. 13, 1806.
" The Und,•rsigned 'has laid bcf(re his Majesty
the Emperor and King, the Note that his Excellency
M. DE NOSELSDURFF. yesterday did litm the ho-
ribur to address to him:
" His Majesty has found therein, with pleasure,
thCassurance.that Prussia had not entered into any
concert hostile to France; that the arinatnent she..
has made had, no other cause thin misunderstand,
ihg ; that the departure of the d irrison of Berlin,
though it happened since the Letter written nyliis
Ailajesty the King Of Prussia, ought only to be con-
sidered as the execution of an anterior or4er, and
that the movements —marhel out fore the PrusSian
troops would cease as soon as it.wis known' at Ber-
lin what his Majesty the Emperor and King was
pleased to say to M. M. KNonEr.soottu and Lue'-
CiIESINI 'in the private audiences, which he grant-
them. •
His Majesty has ordered, in consequence, that
the communicittions which were to haVe been 'made
to the Senate on Monday next, shall be deferred.;
itrid.that no troops, besides those that are iCtually-on
their march towards the Rhine, shall be put in,tho-
tion, until his Majesty learns the determinations of
the measures that the Court .of, Berlin shall have
taken, after the report that 'M: "M.-17YE-KiJOAELS-
DOEFF and LuccaEs'ltix have made';' and irtheSe
deterininations are'Such, that the Fregeh Army in
Germany shallbc. no longer menaced, and that. all
things shall he replaced between France and Prussia
on the same footing as they were a month ago, his
Majesty will'inrfeSiately: Order the'retrograde 'march
of the. troops- 'who are aelually- advancing to the
Rhine.

• " His Majesty 'expeEts that this singular rnisun-:
derstanding will be. cleared up:. He" eNpeetS to be
enabled, without any miittire:pf "uncertainty or
doubt, to restiiie himself to-- pipse sentiments of
which he has given so marry pToOfs to the Court of '
Berlin, and which have been alwaYs'thoseof A faith'-
till. Ally.
" The Undersigned prays M. DE KNOBELgIIORrF
to receive the assurances of his high consideration.
(Signed) " C. .M. TALLEYRAND;
" Prince of Benevento."
. . .
• •

" •

COPY OF THE. THIRD NOTE. ADDRESSED •BY THE
_ MINISTER. OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS TO M. DE KNO-
BELSDORFF.

" The undersigned Minister of Foreign itelations
has expressed to his Excellency M. DE KNOBELS-
DORFF,, in the'rNote Which he had the honour to
write to hiin on - the i 3th of September, the con-
fiding dispositions with which his Majesty the Em-
peror received the assurances given by 'M. DE rilco-
. BELSNRFF., that the military movements of the,
Court of Berlin were not the. result of any hostild
concert against France, but simply ,the...effeEtof a
rainunderstanding ; and that they wduict'icease the
Moment when the first communication of his Ex-
cellency shoald.have arrived at Berlin.
" .Nevertheless.-the news received every day bear
#,,'N7 so tnuch.all the charafter of an impending .War,
.n that his Imperial Majesty must feel- some regret at

the etitagernebt hek mafle tiet ref tb call. "but this te-
serve, and to defer the COnstitutional Notification,
after which all the Fortes of the Nation would be
placed at his disposal. Ile will fulfil that engage-
ment ; but he shall think it 'contrary to prudence and
the interest of his people, not to order, in the in-.
terim, all the measures, and all the Movements of
the troops, which can take place without previous
notification.

His Majesty has, at the same time, charged the
Undersigned to 'express again to M. DE KNOBELS.-
DORFF, that he cannot 'yet conceive, by what forget-
fulness of her interests, Prussia should be willing to
renounce her ties of amity with France. Warbe-
tween the two Countries appears to him a real po-
litical monstrosity; and from the moment that the
Cabinet of Berlin shall return to her pacific dispo-
sitions, and shall cease to menace the Armies of
Germany, his Majesty engages to countermand all
the measures which prudence commanded -him to
take. He' 'will Seize with pleasure, as he does not
cease to do in all circumstances, the occasion of tes-
tifying to his. Majesty the King of Prussia the price
he attaches to his friendship ; to a union founded on
wise policy, and on reciprocal interests ; 'and to
prove to him that his sentiments are always the
same, and that no provocation has been able to al-
ter them.

The Undersigned is haiwy in being able to give
to ,his , Excellency M. DE KIsTOBELSDORPF sb formal
an assurance of the di:pisksitions of his Majesty, which
are so foreign to all idea of war with Prussia, that he
has already committed a very grave military fault,
in retarding hi4,military preparations for one month,
and in consenting to let fifteen days more pass over
without calling out his ReserveS and his National
Guards. •

" This confidence, which his Alajesty wishes to
}reserve, proves what a value he sets upon what was
stated to him by M. ,DE KSOBELSDORFT, that Prus-
sia had entered into no concert with the Enemies
of France and that the assurances that he had re-
ceived, in putting a term to the misunderstanding
which has
.just. arisen; would cause the cessation.
of those Armaments which were the consequences
of it.

(Signed) " C. M. TALLEYRAND, &C."
Paris, Sept. tg, lao6.

SECOND NOTE OP M. DE KrTolitLsiaionrr TO THE

MINISTER OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

" The .undersigned Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of his Majesty the King
of Prussia, received yesterday the. Note addressed.
to him
.by his Excellency the Prince of BENE-•
v.v.ic-ro, Minister for Foreign Affairs. If, in
this communication, the Undersigned has found
again, with extreme satisfa6tion, the assurance
formerly given, in the Note of
.the 13th of
S(Tternber, that his Mjestythe Emperor and King
'would fulfil the engagement which he had made to
wait the result of the explanations given to M. DE
LUCCIIESINI and the General KNORELSDORFF, be-
fore taking any measures respe6ting: the Constitu-'
tional Notification, which would put. all the forces
of the French Nation at-the disposal of Goverment,
he has learned with infinite pain, that his Majesty
should-have had any.regret at that engagement ;
and that, in fulfiling it, he thinks it necessary to
order, all the measures 'and all the moven-lents of
-Troops which can -be taken without previous noti-
*zition.
. " The Undersigned hastens to reiterate to' his Ex-
cellency M; the Prince of Benevento, the assurance
that hiS Majesty the King of Prussia,- far,' from hav-
ing had an idea of renouncing his relations of amity
with 'France, participates in thatSrespea all the St.',ll-
- of his nnperial'and. Royal Majesty express-
rd in • the communication to which this Note is an
nswer; that- tar from having entered into a con-
i art the :enemies of France, his Prussian Ma-
jesty' has.always sought to calm all resentments for
facilitating the re-establishment ofa general peace;
in' fine, that far from menacing the French armies
in Germany by his armaments, these only took place
in consegeenceof the advice received at Berlin, and
which‘was so alarming, that it was not possible to
negle6 measures of precaution, demanded by pru-
dence -for the welfare' of the State.

" The Undersigned is ?leased in renewing to his
Excellency the Prince of Benevento the assurance,
that in taking these measures his Majesty the King
of Prussia has not renounced, for a single: instant,
the assurance of seeing the clouds dispersed that
have been raised between him and France ; and
General KNOBELSDORFF is persuaded, that such will
be the result of the explanations that have taken
place. In begging M. the'Prince of Benevento to
make known to his Majesty the Emperor and Kihg
this.answer to his comthunication, the Undersigned
has'the honour w renew to his Excellency the as-
surance of his high consideration.
(Signed) " General KNOBELSDORFF."
Paris,: Sept. 20, 1806. • , .

SECOND REPORT ADDRESSED TO HIS MAJESTY THE
EMPEROR AND RING, BY THE MINISTER OF FO-
...,IitEIGN. RELATIONS, OCX. (3,,,1806. .
" SIRE, . _ •

" When in the Report that a few-days back I
had,: the
,honpur: to address your Majesty, I estar
blished,., that .if Prussia -had any personal treasons
which lepl her to make War, it cook! only be. from
aclesire to enslave-Saxony, and ;the Hanseatic Towns,
, was faf:,from
_perceiving, that' she would .ever dare
avow such,a .motive. • It is nevertheless, an avowal
which shiq has' not feared to make, and es press in a
note that .M.: De, K. 011SDORFF -has sent me from
Metz, and which I . have the, honour to address to
your Majesty. Of the three demands which that
note contains, the first and the third are only mad®
to disguise, if it be-possible, that no real importance
may be attached to the second.
" Prussia, after having seen with a tranquil eye
the French Armies in Gerrnany during a year,
could not be alarmed at their presence when their
numbed were dirninished—When they were dispers
ed in small bodies in distant cantonments—when,
above all, your Majesty had solemnly announced,
that they should return to France, as soon as the
affair of Cataro, the cause of the prolongation of
their stay in Gerniany, should be settled by an agree-
Ment with. Austria, and that already the order for
their return was given. . .

" Prussia, who speaks of a nepciation to fix all
the interests in question, knows well that there is
DO point of interest.whatever in question between
the two States; the amicable discussion Which

•
defintEtvely roc the fate of the Abbeys of
•
Essen and Werden, has not been deferred by any
delay of the French Cabinet':'. The French Troops
have evacuated those territories which the Grand
Duke of Berg had caused to be 6ccupied; in the
perfect persuasion that numerous documents had
been given him, that they made part of the Duchy
of Cleves, and that they were comprehended in the
cession of that Duchy.

d •
" Thus the demands of Prussia, on these different
points, and others of the same nature, and the pre-
teOded grievances which, she seems to indicate, do
not offer the real mind of. the Cabinet of Berlin:
It does not reveal it. It lets its . secret escape only,
when it demands that, no farther obstacle whatever
shall be Made, on the part of France, to the forma
tion of the Northern League, which shall embrace,
without any 'exception, all the States not named in
the fundamental 'Aa of the Confederation of the
Rhine.

" Thus, to satisfy the most unjust ambition,
Prussia consents to break the bonds that united her
to France, to call down new calamities upon the
Continent, of which your Majesty would wish to
cicatrize the wounds and.to assure the tranquillity,
to provoke a faithful, Ally, to put him under the
duel necessity of repelling.force by force, and once
more to snatch his Army from the repose which he
aspires to make it enjoy, after so ulanilatigues and
triumphs.
. .

" f say it .with grief,.l lose the hope
of the ability
~
to preserve peace, from the moment it is made to de-
pend'upon conditions that equity and honour. equal- •
ly oppose—proposed as they are, in a tone, acid in
forms that the French people• endured in no time,
and from no PoWer, and which it can less than ever
endure under your Majesty's reign.
(Signed) "C. M. TALLEY RAND, 8Z(:."
Mayence, °Eider 6, 1806.
NOTE.
" The Undersigned Minister of his Prisssian Ma-
jesty, by the same Courier who brought the 'Letter
to his Imperial Majesty, which he has had the ho-
nour to transmit to-day to his Excellency the Prince
of Beneventa, has received orders to make the fol-
lowing Communications. Their object is to have
the relations of the twolCourts no longer in sus-
pense.. Each of them is so imminently interested
in remaining no longer in doubt ,upon 'the senti-
inents of the other, that the King flatters himself
that- his Majesty the Emperor will applaud his frank-
ness. His Prussian Majesty has expressed in the
Letter mentioned above, his entire thoughts, and
the whole view of the subjects of complaint, Which,
• from a faithful and honest Ally, have made him
become a neighbour alarmed for his existence, and
:necessarily aroused for the defence of his dearest
interests. The perusal of it will recall to his Ma-
jesty the Emperor and King what Prussia was for a
long :time to France. \Viil not the rementi)rance
of the past be for her the pledge of the future ,?
And what judge would be blind enough to belieVe
that the King could have been for nine years to-
wards France so consistent, and perhaps so partial,
in order to place himself voluntarily. with her in a
• different relation---he who more than once might
have ruined her, and who• knows now only too well
the progress of her power ? .
But if France has in her recollelons,. and in
:the nature of things, the pledge of the sentlinents
of Prussia, it is not so with this last Power : for
recolleCtions are made to alarm her—she has beets
careless, neutral, friendly, and even in alliance. The
destruction•that surrounds her, the gigantic increase
of a Power essentially military and conquering,
Which has injured her successively in her greatest
interests, and menaces her in them all, leaves her
now without a guarantee. This state of things can-
not. last. The King, sees almost nothing around
him but 'French troops, or vassals of France, ready
to march with her. the Declarations of his
Imperial Majesty announce, that this attitude will
not change. Far from that, new troops issue Irons
the Interior of France. Already the Journals of his
capital indulge themselves in a language against
Prussia, of which a Sovereign, such as the King,
can despise the infamy, but which does not the
intentions and the error of the Government that
Suffers it. The ,danger grows every day. It is
necessary to he heard, at once, or be heard no more.
Two Powers who esteem each other, and who
fear each other no snore than they are able, with--
out ceasing to esteem themseLves, have no need to
go about to explain themsek es. France will. not
be less strong for being just, and Prussia has no
other ambition than her independence and the secu-
rity of her Allies. In the actual position of her af-
fairs, both one and the other would risk every thing
in protracting this uncertainty. The Undersigned
has received. orders in consequence, to declare that
the King ekpeas with• justice frcm his Imperial Ma-
. That the whole of the French troops, which
are called by to fair pretence into Germany, should
immediately repass the Rhine without exception,
beginning, their march on the very day that the
King expe&s the AnsWer of the Emperor, and cort-
tinue it without halting ; for this immediate and
complete retreat is the only pledge of security that
the King can receive at the point to which affairS
have been brought.
‘2. That no obstacle shall be raised on the part of
France tts, the formation- of the League of the North,
which *ll include, without any exception, all the
States not named in the fundamental Ad of the Con,
federation of the' Rhine.

'3: That' a-Negotiation shall be immediately open-
ed, to decide in a permanent manner on all the points
in dispute, and that for Prussia its preliminary basis
shall be, the separation of Wesel from the French
Empire, and the re-occupation of the three Abbeys
by the PrusSiart troops.
" The instant that his Majesty is assured that
this basis is accepted,.he will resumd that attitude
which he has quitted with regret, and will become
to France that frank and peaceable neighbour who
for so many years has seen, without jealousy, the
glory of a brave people, for whose prosperity he has
beefi anxious. But the intest intelligence of the
March of the French troops compels his Majesty
to ascertain imMediately what he is
,to do. The
Undersigned is charged to insist on an immediate.
Answer, which, at all events, must reach his Ma-
jesty's Headquarters by the Bth Of. ; his Majes-
t? still hoping that. it will arrive there time enough,
that the unexpeEted and rapid_ progress of events,.
aid the • presence-of the troops, should 'not put
either party under the. 'necessity of providing for'his
. .

" .the Undersigned is particularly instruaed- to
declare, in the most solemn manner, that Peace is
the sincere xi•ish of his Majesty and that he otny
rvcitnres that which can contribute tp make it per-:
tilanent., The causes of his apprehensions, the
claims which..he had for another connexion, from
France, are unfolded in the Letter of his Majesty
to the Emperor, :and are calculated to obtain from
that Monarch the las(' permanent pledge. of a new
order of things. •• , ,

" The UtWrsigped,enlbraces this opportunity to
renew to the. Vrince of Beneento the assurances of
his high consideration. „

(Signed)
Paris oa. sc 6.

" kNotELSDORTF."

The Senate referred the Comti;tmication to a
dal Commission.

, .
NAPLES, SEPT. 28.—The Neapolitan' Journal has
published the jt:lstrnaions given -by the English Ad-
miral, Sir SIDNEY SiNitT ti (of *lnch the Govern-
me hi has the original), toGUARIGLIA, the Chief of
the MasseS. The folloWing is the comniiSsion of
GUAE.IGLIA. : •
