-~.ir+~~--.-_

The French Papers of Sunday arrived this Morn•
One of them asserts, that the PEINCESS of
WALES WHS to be in Paris by the Ist of May.

Madame REGNAULT pa ST. JEAN-DiANGELY
underwent an examination On. Sunday morning.

French Funds-67

* These Journsls are otherwise destitute of news,

The following is the chief feature of the Ham-
inogh Corr.espondanit to the al April, receiNe4
this mornink

4‘ larrEß rßom ALGII3RS.-FP.B. 19,—.The ac.
thity of the Dey has now within half a year
sl/4+611y remedied the consequences of one of the
Woodiest batas Which the shores of Africa haye
Witnessed for many centuries. It is thought that
the intention was to destroy Algiers. This how.
ever did not happen. The loss consisted in the
Largest part of the Pirate fleet ; but the arsenals,
the magazines and workshops, the stores of am-
munition and provisions, in short all the elements
of political life, were saved. The dv.tr,aged lorti
ficatious are now stronger than before, and the
Mariner, by means of purchaseS and new Wilt
Vessels, ;nay be said to be daily increasing.

•Thelition of slavery SCUM to have been
the Chief object. of the expedition. But either 83
Stave 'or Prisoner Of War, the Christian, who has
the misfortune to fall into the bands of these bar-
barians, will be treated exactly in the same manner.

" The Algerines do not trouble themsek es
about this difference, if -they can only make war
upon the European Nations at their pleasure, and
enrich their State with the sums extorted from
them, or with the value of the ships captured from
them. The whOle of the Mat ins of this place is,
however, at present dismantled, except the
vdtooner which, was sent soon after the bombers!•
went with an Ambassador, and rich presents,
to Constantinople, and is not yet come 'back ;
and accordiug to ail appearance no ' new pira-
tical expedition will he, undertaken before an
6148Wer comes front Constantinople. Since the
,Iki.olopoly of the Track and Coral Fishery at
Bona, which was farmed to the English from
irion for 56,000 hard piastres, has, ceased, it has
(aorta to France and Naples. France,, which
possessed the privilege from the hegirming of
the seventeenth century, is said to be not (Hain-
eitited to take it again on the old terms, that is
about 18,000 hard piastres ; but the Dey demands
114 meek, as he received fi.ous the English, and the
411.tir is Still tintlecided.

" Aleantime, anti notwithstanding the last 'wr-
yest was most excellent, and there is abundance of
c ern in the conntry, the Dey will not allow any
be exported to Europe, though pretty high
lees have been ()tiered him, particularly by
France. Probably he wishes to see the affair of,

the'Bona riaticry :terminated berme -he tslitm*

purchase of corn in the country.
tr,DititlinNauleo,-Arßtt. 1 r.?„—The itnpottation
of all Inds of corn mid of potatoes, is declared duty
free Ist September this year.

" STneKtioLM, Amt. 11.—The Secretary o
State for Tirade and Finance has called on the
Merchants to state what Bills of Exchange on
London and framburp,ll they have need of till the
'end of May. Should more be required than the
funds allotted for the purpose can supply, those
are to have the preference who have importediraw
materials.

" Several Foreign Papers have said that troops
were on their march from the interior of the king-
dom towards Stockholm. This is wholly un-
fotinded, and no less absurd than the report of Al.
geri►ie pirates having captured Swedish ships ; the
good understanding with the Barbary States was
never firmer than at present."

The House of Commons continue their ituptr-
taut discussions. Last night a Motion for dip.
pensing with the Secretary for the Coloniea"ryes
brought forward by Mr. Tummy, and rejected
by alarge majority. The' subject of Debating
Shops was also touched upon again—the Factlbri
drive at this in order to paralyze the Magistracy
of the' Country, and every error is blazoned with
extraordinary exaggeration into an,instance of thq

most tyrannical'antl lawless oppression. 'the ob.
ject is consistent, but we trust the means will fail,

111Gif TRBASON.

The Grand Jury yesterday returned Trion BILL'
for High Treason ; against Arthur Thistlewood,
(icut.; 'James IFalson the elder, surgeon ; James
Watson the younger, surgeon; Thomas Prestoz,
cordwainer ;, and James Ilooper, labourer. The
bill against John Keenes, tailor, was ahrown.oute
It appears, therefore, that enough has been dis.
Covered' against the above five persons to put them
upon their respective trials for the greatest
offereee which the law knows. Uponthis'aWful
subject we are therefore prevented from saying
more, at present. We learn from the speech of
the ATTORNEY-GENERA!., tha: they are to be put
upon their ,trials with all proper and becoming
expedition. The forms necessary on such solemn
occasioos would, however, have rendered it lin:,
possible to commence the proceedings till within
a day or two of the Conclusion of the present
tam, during which they could not, therefore,
probably have been finished. Ilence the fist
Monday of Lhe ensuing term has been fixed on E
present, subject to any slight change, should in.
terveniug circumstances render it necessary.
Our account of the apprehension of Thistletsood,
published yesterday, was upon the whole correct,
with the exception, however, of his having got
on board the Perseus, in the river. The fact up.
pears to be, tbat.only a passage had been taken for
him, his wife, and son, on board the British ship
Perseus, Captain Rtenattosort. This vessel had
cleared out for St. John's and New Brunswick
but au assurance was given by a Mr. FITZ.
GERALP, the person who chartered her;that the
abovementioned parties should be taken to
New York.' Mrs. Tit isrLewoots, said to be a very
interesting woman, with her son, who is about
10 years of age, went on board, under the name
of Wilkinson; and was required', along 4th the
rest of the passengers, to the number of 153, to
appear before the Inspector of Aliens on board
the Flamer brig, off Gruvesend (of which the
spector is also the commander) in order, as well
to comply with the Alien regulations, as to have
it ascertained that the 57th Geo; 11r. cap. 10, for
regulating the conveya ca of pa ,sengers in cer-
tain cases, was obeyed. The Alien - Depart.
meta had already been led to harbour a_siispi.
cion that Thistlewood would attenspt to escape
by this vessel; and the Chief Clerk, attended
by one, of the Messengers of the Dcpartni
had fer'some time btu actinti tipon this suspieinno
and both were its the town of Gravesend at the
time when. Thigh:wood was taken on board. the
Planter by the commander of that vessel, who had
an (deer in readiness •with Lord Strimoory's
warrant. The prisoner, it appears, being aveare
of the examination to which he would haVe been
•
subjected, along with the other passengers, pre-
vioitsly to the clearing•of the vessel, from the
Alien department, had aVoided going on hoard the
Perseus, but went directly on board Jim Flamer
with his three friends, who were detained with
and still reniain in custody.

Yesterday' Robtrt,Pi/kington was examined at
to Secretary of State's Office.

Bradbury, and Ban ford the Lancashire rhymster,
who were some weeks ago brought in irons from
Mancheiter, on suspicion of treason, were yes-
terday discharged on bail, after another examine_
Lion at the Home Oftice.

THE DUCIIIISS OF GLOttL;*STEII..

Yesterday the following Bulletin was-issued by
Sir HENRY HALFORb

" The Duchess of CitopcEstr.n) has passed a restless
night, • and her Royal Highness is still very nu well this
morning."

Our Court Reporter says, that the Royal
,Duchess is,afilicted with what is commonly called
a bunion on her foot, which is very much inflamed,
and causes the most exquchiting pain. This ex-
planation may, pewit the peetthar,apprehensions
to which her Royal Highness's condition might
otherwise give rise.

The Priucess MI,IE/03E111 visited her Royal Sister
at a tate hour on Monday night, and again yester-
day morning, as did the Princess SOPHIA of GLOU-
CESTER. The PRINCE REGENT, the Queer., and
all the branches of the Royal Family, call or send
frequently, and Gloucester-house was yesterday
thronged the whole of the day with anxious in-
quirers after the state of her Royal Highness.
