LOCK AND SVILGIW

' P.verto
11-Ibl noyal Highneto tl
GovgltNf

Lovi of Leitrim.
Ono. Cot. J. Barry M.P.
John Listoucho,

•
tenr.oN,
Kiernau, Member of tits. Royal College, London.
mills INSTITUTION, estlibliabed for the
elusive Treatment And (.3113 of the YENNitf. 1)1S-
E.lsl•lti, and then drtailful conseisetices, as Strictly
lity, Ulveration,, 4C.c, hss to boast the cure of no less Oeot
two elions:iiid Patients, annually, many of whom h ire hem
afflicted from tcu to tAcepty year, •
The early syMptorus of tionurrhrea and chancre are- ewe,)
in a few days by Mr. Kiernan's, ,superior .tntl etlicsoions trualq
of treatment, and that weiknesa and derangement of the ge-
nerative organs, which inipair the constitutiou, and alitatcn
life, are here more successfully treated titan en any othet
phtii.
Mr. Kiernan may be Consulted as usual, by. either sex, at
his private house, No. 21, Lower Charlotte-street, Redfor,l-
- where Letters fram.TuYsiii and,Ciinnery are to be an.
dr.....ssuti, anct the necessary advice and medicine will be tits*
.r sent to airy part 9f tin kiffidoule

We this day present to our Readefs

genci •of the greatest, importance. The :report
'we,mentioned yesterday of 30,000 Prussians, form

ing nearly the whole of the corps of MAcnolvt.t.n,
!laving gone over to the Wisdom, is most amply

iiiiifiitued, '['he Paris Papers, rcaci►ccl town

last night to the 13th instant, contain► the dem,

silents which comprise, tho details of the .fact

of the capitulation of the Prussian troops under a

t'onvention, by which they were to become a

neutral force, and to occupy Eastern Prussia, then

in the power of the Russians, es admitted by the

Fvench Journals: General D'Yoic., who made

tie capituLition, not only stipa6ted fot

those under his immediate command, but also

for the Prussian troops ~019 , were under the

personal orders of MACDONALD, nud who,

tnediately on hearing of, the Convention, deserted

their French commander, and went to join their
comrades, hi fugiment of the Convention, such

a defection, at geo critical a moment, is, in truth,

an event of tl►e first importa►►ce, it completes the

koinihilation of the French force employed ill the

lavasion of Russia, and. opens the way fol. tiu
auxiliaries in the, service of BUONAI'4IIIII t,o Itlajit!

the best terms for tileavAveso find tri escape fim'.

the slavery imposed upon them by the Tyrant of

Tr a nee.

Fnut atittenburgh Mails torivod this day ; and

it will ho 'Seen, by our extraet4- from the Pap r 9,

that no doubt can flow remain of the nhsoltite dis-

*thitimi of the whole French Army; or that the

6tatetnent in the Paris Papers of the positions of

the 'different corps is a mere ninelsety. The Rms..

Ala' are stated to have entered 'Vilna on the 10th

nit !taking eight Generals, 398 ofticcri44, 3O
vr;vates, 385 cannon, 2 eoft)ari; I erigie, Mid the

$4,L.1. 4oc Froieh ,mk.s4,zines. Previous to Otis
dotes
rag appeal* by a divatcb from' General

the enettr}r- log, after the battle

of 20,000 men in the course of three days

pursitit, making a total of about i.tr;,ooo.oien,whielt ,

pOtleti to dig toss bustaiued in the battle of liere

.014, acecitints faz nearly:the Whole of the 70,000

which the French had remaining previous to

that action. In addition to this, the linvutiun

ealps bad been cut ofi•' from the main army

C DONALD" s corp 6, as we luve seen „had lost the

greater part of its force, and he hiniooll, with. the

temainder, is stated to be surnstintiedj anti ex-

pected to surrentlet We have no doubt Um( the

farce captured by the Rutslimo at Mau wait tilt

vole remaining strength or the minty tla,t inviaderi

Russia, with the exception of the " s.tered stpm-

drott" which made its escape. The officer% coM-

pritod in this squadron belonging to the different

Corps of the French army, they arrival at (liffcrent

stations in the Prussian dominions, is the sole

foundation for the statement in the Phris Paper, of

the positions of the different corps. The fart,
is, that a few officers alone; from each corps
that rpmain of it) are stationed at these places,
and that in no other. way are any French corps
at the places mentioned.
The defection of the Prussian force is made the

pretext at Paris for a Sertatus Coi►sultant for rais-

ing 350,000 men. Pompous language is used to
cover the disgrace of the French arms, but it in

con/mats the vexation and disappointment of Buo-
rtArAtti•E, Etq,,land—England—LEngiand, haunts
iti% mind at everrturn ; the act of Cicn. d'Yoßtz,

the Russian war..-every,thing is attributed to the
influence of Eugland. He Lillis (vain boaster!)
of forcing England to make peace, !And of the vast
resources of France; but in what way lie is to
raise .350,000 1/len,----from what resources be can

be 'enabled to supply or pay theni, or by what
means- he can now.maintain his aitthority over his
hitherto dependent states, whoiu he calls his Al-
lies, it.will puzzle his Minister to discover.
HO Art nor stratagem Call he now deceive Europe.
;The annihilation of an tinny, of more than.
300,00() men has given a shock to lils power,
Ivtich makes it totter to its base.' The spell in
which he so long bound the greater part of the
continent is at length broken, and bis authority,
despised. • „ .

A mail from Lisbon arrived this morning. It
brings no' material news. The following are ex-
tratts from the Papers :

LISBON, JAN, 4.---Not fl word Of news. Both
parties seem to wait the rem* of affairs in the
North Jos“,,PII appears to have considerable
doubts as to receiving in the Spring those
sneconrs from his brOther which alone 'can
enable him to preserve the' Spanish Crown. Ile
pretended to be very angry with the people of
nadrid, and removed all his Conn and Authori-
ties to Valladolid ; his real reason was the facility
with which, in case of necessity, he can from the
latter place pass the Ebro, and so be off. We
are in great hopes here, that the forces arriving
from England, together with those witiell the nego-
tiations going on at. Cadiz arc expected to produce,
will enable the gallant WELLINGTON to drive
out the French in the s'pring, unless powerful re-
inforcements are poured in from France.
The greatest preparations are making here for
the reception of his Lordship, who is expected
about the Bth inst.

asuow, .J.%N. I .-7--Souvr remains in Toledo
prepaying biscuits. An Italian division bad pla-
sm( d the Elupecinado ns far as Guadalaxara,—
Telexrafo ?iortuguez, Jan. 2.)

Mail also arrived this morning. '111(
Ahrquis WELLINGToti arrived there on the
".Ith ult. (in the 27th a deputation from the
Cortex waited upon his Lordship to congratulate
hitr, and op the 30th he Ina& his appearance
Ifl
,the Cortes, and delivered an Address to that body,
in which his Lordship observed-i..

• _.
t, Not only, Senor, bare all Spaniards their
eyes ti!(etibpou you but the whole world must
feel the iniportance of. a snceesliful termination to
your vigorous struggle to save Spain frOm ruin
and general destruction, anti to.. .establish in that
monarchy a system founded on just principles,
which nity promote and secure the prosperity of
all the citizhs, and the grandeur of the Spanish
,Nation,"-(Applause's and .iretalnntiops,)
The President answered by expre.ssing the'sa-
tisWction of the Cortes, and eoueludeewith 'say,
that the Cottes trusted that, under so great a
personage, th 7 should not Only drive the legions
of the Tyrant to the other side of the lytenees;
but that the Allied Arms would,,shoulti it be neees,
mary, carry the war to the hankie/ the Seine, whete
itt 'other times, the Spanish lion had before haul-
bled the lilies at France, (dpiquuse),
Ilk Lordship, retired, accompanied by the De-
putat ; anti at his leaving the hall, the applauses
end acclamations were repeated.

We understand that-General ALEXA.NDER tbrE
has out to dray, on a ' ulissiOn to Dennnlrk and
•
Sweden. Minkters could scarcely have adopted
Ministers
a wiser measinv at the present cris:3, or Made a
woro j4diolous, ehoicu Tur carrying it into elfuct,
