THE PRESIDENT 01' THE BANK OF POLAND.

" It is now seven months since Poland has been
theatre of an unheard-of contest, to which the history
humanity has produced nothing parallel. A pof
limited in number, whose sole force consists in a i`
estimate of their rights, and of the dignity of men, aril
with their individual efforts the torrent from the Nori
which is about to sap the foundation of human liberty'.
" It is now seven months since by the heroic efforl6,
this people a chain was broken which extended front t'
shores of the Baltic to those of the Adri +tic, and destio
to crush those nations sufficiently bold to reclaim tbd
right•.

" It is under the :r is of these victories that Fro°.;
enjoys at last that sound order which her heroic capital;
purchased with her most precious blood. It is under
aegis that the Belgians governed by a Prince of their °
choice, now occupy a place among the nations of Eurool,
" The heroes of Poland alone now defend their bltl
fields—they alone hold suspended those proud Govern
who wait with anxiety the axe of the executioner that it';
that bayonet of the enemy had spared. There is no 93 t
five, no offering, which Poles have not made at the alt 4f
their country, and for the cause of liberty.
" After having engaged in so unequal a contest,
the sacrifice of their last regources they perceive a clue,
of victory. How can a man regret the loss of existee
and of fortune, who has resolved not to possess their'
accompanied by liberty? It is in vain that the sword rio
poison scatter death amidst the Polish ranks ; an e 13,,
population replaces the martyrs of freedom ; and thus
army is immortal, but each day diminishes our general,,
sources. The obstacles interposed by two neighboorto
Cabinets, and the apathy of others, preclude us from 4e,1
loping all our means. Will the nations of Europe alloy, t
be exterminated in a cause which was undertaken fort
liberty, for want of necessary means? As long as a dr°;,
blood flows in our veins, it will be shed in the oen,
cause. No; we call with confidence on those whoni;
victories rejoice, whom our losses afflict, and who treo,,
for our dangers—we call on those who have chafed viol
indignation on reading the savage decree of the Antoci
which devotes future generations to punishment forA
imaginary crime,—who would grow pale at the et
tion of the idea of the injury completed by an all-pS
ful Monarch, and who would rejoice only in the hope?
our successes. Victory is certain, but it is the late,e
of the world to shorten the distance to it by affcry
every aid.
• lied'
"We do not ask for those gifts so liberally forms I
uphold the cause of the unhappy Greeks ; we ask youti
only as a sacred debt, and we have proved, tinder the°r,
derous fire of the enemy, that there is no crisis so desPt
as to induce us to forget our engagements.
" It is in the hope that the aid we ask will not be
ej
fused, that we apply to the Polish Committee establish
different countries, and that we request of those that
eventually be formed, to receive such aids, granting
tificates in return for which every subscriber for or
Polish florins (151., 375 francs, 145 flor. de corn.,
banco marks, 100 Prussian dollars) will be entitled '
bond designated as for the Polish aids.

" Every bond will, during the first six years, be
titled to a premium, the amount to be decided by lot',
of these premiums the smallest is to return to the be,
one-fourth or even one-third of his subscription,
largest is to secure a thousand times the amount, an '
will be immediately payable. The bonds, howevel'i
main in full force (notwithstanding the payment ori
premium) in the hands of the subscribers, and the!,
redemption will be effected, by annually paying c'')
bonds drawn, in the course of 25 years; during ‘*'l
time each unredeemed bond will bear an interest of
per cent.

" It is thus advantages will be secured, both to the)
scrib!rs and to the nation which aspires to vindicated,
liberties by her own efforts ; and the money may be
with respectable commercial houses, known to be fete
able to our cause, as well as with the Polish Commit
" In countries exempt from Russian influence we 0
puh'ish the names of the commercial establibhrnetiteitil
undertake to receive the aids ; in other places, the zee,
the general cause will point out the best means of
missions either to Warsaw, or to the Polish misei°,
France, England, or Belgium. j
" Nations of the earth ! The combat is morrdi
tween the principles of despotism and those of the 410
of man. You who witness the league to stifle the it
of the people, know that it is only by an alliance t't,
people that this can be resisted. It is true that 010,0
will be interposed, so long as your cause is not ideP6
with that of Governments who can so much morel;,‘
communic ite with each other; but it is in your Plitt)
aid a people struggling for their rights, to develop '4O
means of defence. It is in your power to prevent u,oic
ments from continuing a war, of which the object
extermination.

"Let not the public securities which will be/'crl,
issue from absolute monarchs be purchased by you' 01
every one destine a very small portion of their Wei:s.
the purchase of securities which will serve the caoo,l
nations, and then the contest cannot be long and the iii
by no means doubtful. It is from you, freemen of viol
of France, of Belgium, and of Switzerland that
,14
expects assistance, and from you also people of it4;lo
lightened inhabitants of Germany, both of WI'S siri,
soon fight for the cause of the people. You
us, also, Hungarians, Bohemians, and MoravianY
scended from the same flock, who have, like us, fi,°
to reclaim your rights, but your existuil'ip.t
is in your power to insure, by aids little irlf.s°ol
yourselves, the prompt success of a cause which is eel!)
tied in your generous hearts. Recollect the reiv°rlili,l
awaits you, if the conflict which is to decide your if
or your slavery should fall fur want of meal-0,1"o
murderous steel and the poison of contagion shoui,j
ao
late your native country, because yon have rclOootc
considerable an aid. The severe judgment of P
will not bestow a solitary tear of compassion on Ylho:
reduced by plague and exhausted by tyranny' •fir,
you are in fetters, the punishment of an ill-tirneal)
inony, behold the numberless sacrifices of the Pia
envy the splendour of their glory, and in follosiA
dictates of sympathy and conscience, recall that ill.eoo'crli
of those who gave succour to that heroic natleil. sd
in tie Polish Senate, will be objects of adin:rati(l3
the gratitude of future ages,
(Signed) " LEWIS COUNT J-

MARTIN'S maanificent lion, which !3.::
CUVIER pronounced to be the finest of the sPlror
brought to Europe, died a few days ago at Chat"
Paris Paver.
