THE ARMY.

Tl.e arrangements have been completed respecting the appointments
to the two vacant regiments. They are as follows :
Sir John Colborne is transferred from the 94th Regiment to the ‘2.6th,
vacant by the death of the Earl of Dalhousie.
Sir Co:in Halkett has been transferred from the 71st Light Infantry to
the 31st Regiment, vacant by the death of Sir E. Barnes.
Sir S. F. Whittingnam has been appointed to the ;Ist Light Infantry,
vice Halkett ; and

Sir Thomas WMahoir has ten appointed to the 94th, vice Colborne.
So limited is the cavalry force in Ireland, that in one district in that
country (the western) the strength is only I subaltern and 30 men.
The withdrawal of 1,600 picked men from the household troops has
left London duty very heavy, as their place has been but ill supplied by
the weak battalion from Dublin, and a skeleton regiment, the 20th, only
recently arrived from India.
It now appears that the Malabar, 74, is to take out the 71st Light
Infantry to Canada in placelf the 23d Fusiliers to Halifax : it is ex-
pected they will embark about the 13th of April. The band of the 71st
has been ordered round to Portsmouth, for the purpose of attending on
Lord Dui ham in the Hastings.

The Athol and Aporl,l troop ships are to convey the 2d battalion of the
Grenadier Guards to Canada. We believe they go on board the latter
end of next week.

The Pique, with the head-quarter division of the 93d Highlanders,
had to bear up for Bermuda, in consequence of stress of weather, on her
passage out to Halifax.
Clare Castle, a mi!itary stia ion in the western district in Ireland, is to
be trmisferred to the south-western, in consequence of its contiguity to
Limerick.

Tie following moves of regiments and depots oave taken place within
the la,t month :

CAVALRY.
Ist Dragoon Guards, from Dublin to Cork, for embarkation.
7th Hussars, ditto.

INFANTRY.
Grenadier Guards, 2cl battalion, from London to Portsmouth, for em.
bark at ion.
Coldstream Guards, 2d battalion, ditto.
Scots Fusilier Gnarls, Ist battalion, from Dublin to London.
15th Depot, from Cork to Strlst. Island.
t2Oth Regiment, from Canterbury' to the Tower.
2'.:d Regiment, from Cork to Dublin.
23d Reglment, from Dublin to Cork, for embarkation.
990 Regimen'', from Mauritius to Plymouth.
45th Regiment, from India to Canterbury.
71st Regiment, from Kilkenny to Cork, f.,r embarkation.
73cl Depot, from Cork to Clare Castle.
M6th Regiment, from Manchester to Stockport.
97th Regiment, from Stockport to Dublin.
99th RegimAtt, front Fernioy to Kilkenny.—Morning Paper.

Lord Brougham has been blamed both by Lord
Howlett and Mr. O'Connell forgiving. his vote in the Cabinet
for the apprentkeship system, while he now wishes to abolish
it. We did not expect such a charge of inconsistency from
either friend or foe. lie has been perfectly consistent, as the
steady and long tried friend of the negro. Ile did not wish
to expose him to the probable dangers of immediate freedom,
but now that the experiment has been tried with the most
complete success, and the apprentices are admitted on all
hands to be in a state to enjoy full liberty, he would have
been inconsistent had he consented to prolong their slavery for
even one day.

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING, MARCH 31, 1538.

The country will learn with surprise, sorrow, and indig
nation, the termination, in the House of Commons last
night, of Sir G. STRICKLAND'S resolution for abolishing
Negro Apprenticeship on the Ist of August next. With
the assistance of the Tories, who are ever ready to lend a
hand when oppression is to be perpetuated, Ministers were
last night able to set at open defiance the remonstrances,
the entreaties, the supplications, of nine-tenths of the intel-
ligent and Christian inhabitants of the United Kingdom.
We do not envy them their feelings upon the victory they
have achieved. It has been dearly—fatally purchased.
They might have engravers their names upon the hearts of
a grateful people—they might have won the blessings and
the imperishable gratitude of 350,000 fellow creatures in
the island of Jamaica alone ; and yet they chose to forfeit
all for no conceivable reason or motive than we can di-
vine, except the silly apprehension of being subservient
to the political influence of an illustrious individual who
recently occupied a distinguished place at the Royal
Council Board. There was not a sentence uttered in
denial of the fact, that if there had been a contract be-
tween the West India Planters and the British Parliament,
such contract had been notoriously and infamously violated
by the former—there was not the shadow of an argument
advanced against the moral fitness of the Stave to enter
upon the immediate enjoyment of his liberty—there was
not an attempt made to invalidate the evidence before
Parliament respecting the revolting cruelties of which' the
apprentices are the victims—the starvation—the flogging—
the " mashing" on the treadmill—the torture and indecent
exposure of pregnant women—the sores made by the cat
covered with maggots only to be re-opened with the lash—
the chaining and working in couples—and the night ac-
commodation of a heavy ring about the neck, by
way of winding up the bitter heart-withering bru-
talities of the day ! Ministers had no valid—no
commonly rational plea to urge in extenuation of
the strange course they adopted. The Bishops of
LONDON and EXETER had declared themselves favourable
to the immediate emancipation of the slaves, and gave it as
their opinion that such a measure was consonant with the
principles of sound policy, Christian benevolence, and Par-
liamentary good faith ; and in the justice of this opinion
the other members of the Episcopal Bench have tacitly
acquiesced. The Lord Chief Justice of the QUEEN'S
Bench has been equally explicit in demonstrating the
right of the apprentices to the full and immediate enjoy-
ment of their freedom—and in the soundness of his Lord-
ship's decision upon this point not only Lord BROUGNAM
and Mr. O'CONNELL, but the whole body of delegates now
in London, wholly and entirely concur. Lord DENMAN
says there was no contract—there could be no contract ;
whereas Sir EDWARD SCGDEN, who voted in the Minis-
terial majority, asserted that there was a contract ; but
that the planters had so shamefully violated it as to
justify the interference of Parliament. Sir EDWARD not
only admitted, but demonstrated, that there was not a pro-
vision in the Abolition Act of 1833, upon which the Planters
and the Jamaica Legislature had not put a vicious construc-
tion, in order to add to the torture of the coloured race.
The Planters had robbed the apprentices of their time by
increasing their hours of work—they had taken from them
their usual allowances of food—twenty-nine thousand ap-
prentices, male and female, had been brutally flogged in
four colonies only in the course of twenty-two months in
defiance of the Act of the Imperial Legislature—and the
treatment of the women, many of them mothers of nume-
rous children, was so frightful as not to be contemplated
without horror. Are such atrocities to be tolerated
for an instant.? Are we to be deterred from per-
forming a sacred duty by the bugbear of a contract
which has no existence, and which, if it ever did
exist, has been infamously violated by the plan-
ters themselves ? As Mr. O'CONNELL well observed,
we hear everything about the interests of the mas-
ters, but nothing about the compensation due to the
apprentices for the alleged breach of contract as regards
them. Ministers overlook the question of damages in the
case of the helpless and long-enduring Negroes, il-
legally deprived of their time—their food—the
comforts of religion intercourse with their chil-
dren their character and their blood, at the in-
stance of their merciless oppressors. They overlook too
the outraged feelings of the people of England, who ha% e
paid so dearly for that justice which they might have ex-
acted without price—feelings the sanctity and intensity of
which will not fad to render, the abolitionists finally
triumphant.
We deeply regret the frequency with which it falls to
our lot to condemn the conduct of the Government. upon
measures of vital importance to the maintenance of a con-
sistent liberal course. What, for example, could be more
inconsistent than for Lord HOWICK in the debate of last
night, to take, credit to himself for being the first to
perceive and urge the mischief of the apprenticeship
system, and yet refuse to vote for its abolition in
August next y Lord Ilowiee says truly that ap-
prenticeship is nominally a state of freedom, but in
reality a worse state than slavery itself, and yet
he cannot make up his mind to put an end to it before
18-10 ? Why ?it will be asked. The answer is given by
the Noble Lord himself, and a curious one it is. "if you
pass the Government Bill—if you say to the planter you
shall not diminish the negro's food, you shall not subject
him to any species of torture, it is my firm belief that the Ja-
maica House of Assembly, rather than submit to this,
will put an end to the Apprenticeship System
altogether !" Good Heavens can this be possible ? Abo-
lish apprenticeship rather than fill the belly and spare the
back of the pour African! Apprentices then are
valueless without the pleasure of flogging and starving
them! The delegetes from the Christian communities
of England, Scotland, and Ireland, well know what
use to make of this Ministerial admission. While
we are writing they are assembled, and preparing to re-
ccmmcnce their labours in a cause to which they have con-
eecrated their holiest energies. We fear not for the re-
sult. In a cause se righteous it would be almost impious
to doubt the final success of the Abolitionists.

It appears, by the Votes of the House of Commons, that
all the newspapers, and even the Votes themselves, in the
paragraph which is placed at the head of the division-list,
made a mistake as to the number of Members who sup-
ported Sir GEORGE STRICKLAND'S motion. The enurnz,
ration shews that Mr. YoRKE, the last name on the mino-
rity, was the two hundred and fifteenth, The Ayes, there-
fore, were two hundred and fifteen, not two hundred and five
as reported, and the majority was fifty-four not sixty-four as
stated in the newspapers. This makes the division, in House
of 484 Members, of still more importance than we at first re-
garded it. The C'hronicle stated correctly yesterday that this
question would have momentous consequences, and we
believe it was correct. In the Committee through which

the Bill has to go amendments will be moved, on which'
the minority will greater. Mr. O'CONNELL will find more
than .2,15 Members to support his motion. We have heard
teat some Hon. Member intends to propose August
1889, for 1840 ; and as that will give one year to pre-
pare, while the abolition in the present year, is op-
posed on the pretext, that laws cannot so speedily be
prepared for this new state of society, there can be no
doubt that such a poposition would be more powerfully
suprorted than Sir G. STRICKLAND'S motion on the propo-
sition to substitute 1839 for 1840, for the period of aholi-
. t'on, or on Mr. O'CoNsELL's motion, we are not certain
that the Ministers would not find themselves in a minority ;
and we gather by what fell from Lord JOHN RUSSELL,
last night, that they would not be instrumental in carrying
Into execution any measure which implied the " breach of
contract for even a single year." Well may we say, there-
fore, that this Slave question teems with momentous con-
sequ,,nce3.

Lord ABERDEEN last night brought on his long.
threatened motion about the endowment of the Church
of Scotlard. We do not know whether the almost unpre-
cedented thinness of their Lordship's House produced a
depressing effect upon the noble Earl's nervous sys-
tem ; but, certainly, the tone of his speech was
very different from what we had expected. Nothing
could be more subdued, mild, and even pathetic than
the attack of the Noble Earl upon the Premier. In-
stead of attempting to take Lord MELeounNE by storm,
as had been anticipated, he culled the most honied words
thut the language could afford, and poured them, like a
shower of sugar-plums, upon the Noble Viscount's head.
He even went so far in his courtly complaisance to
the Government, as to make his motion absolutely
rldieulous, by paring down the intended vote of cen-
sure into a mere return of the expenseincurred
by the Scotch Commissioners. It must have been
exceedingly martifOng to Lord ABERDEEN to be repulsed
with something like contempt, after the expenditure of so
much winning eloquence. But so it was, Lord MEL-
BOURNE was inexorable—cruel man ! Not one foot would
he budge from the position ahieh he originally took up.
Not a farthing would he consent to grant to the Scottish
Church out of the public money. What could be
made available to her necessities out of funds set
apart for her use in former times, and to which she had
a fair claim, he was willing that she should receive ; but
beyond that point he would not go, and beyond that point
he emphatically said she had no right to carry her demand.
We are truly happy to find that the Noble Viscount hes
shown so much firmness on this important question, and
that he will not be either bullied or wheedled into a con-
cession which would not only involve a sacrifice of the
fundamental principles of religious liberty, by compelling
the professors of one faith to maintain another, but would
also establish a precedent of a most mischievous tendency,
and one which would be speedily and eagerly laid hold of by
the advocates of other State-endowed churches for putting
their hands into the pockets of the public. We are not
in the least surprised to see the Archbishop of CANTIR-
BURY and his Right Rev. Brother of LONDON swelling the
cry for Church endowment in Scotland. These holy Pre-
lates know how to play their game to advantage. They
think Scotland is the best place to begin with
—the fittest for introducing the point of the
ecclesiastical wedge. Only grant the public money
to extend Church accommodation in the northern part of
the island, where it is comparatively little wanted, and on
the back of this will come a demand for a similar grant to
supply an infinitely greater deficiency in England. This
is the natural and inevitable course of things, and therefore
we rejoice that in this important question obsta principiis
is Lord MELBOURNE'S motto.

As to the merits of the debate, any one who
reads it must see that Lord ABERDEEN, with all
his plausibility, made out a very poor case—indeed
no case at all. The result of the inquiry instituted by the
Commissioners has proved, as far as it has gone, that
notwithstanding the clamour of the Extensionists, there is
in reality no want of Church accommodation in Scotland,
and therefore no necessity for Church extension. To this
and some other parts of the subject, we shall direct the
attention of our readers on Monday.

On the 21st instant, the Standard asked for a " few
days'" grace to ascertain the source of that fabricated evi-
dence, which was found in its columns, and has not yet
been traced to any other Journal, was falsely said to be the
evidence of Mr. O'CONNELL. As our Contemporary declared
itself incapable of fabrication, we felt ourselves obliged to
comply with is request. We must now, however, as ten
days have elapsed since the Standard asked us to wait for
its defence, request to be informed how many days it re-
quires to clear its character. We are anxious to see the
honour of the Press exalted, and wish therefore to believe ,
that the holiest of the holier than thou Journals is the
spotless example of purity it claims to be. Already, how-
ever, d mbts and whisperings are abroad, and dark allusions
are made to the two Finns and the forged Proclamation—
transactions which our Contemporary would wish forgot-
ten. Already, to justify present suspicions, remarks are
made on its former character, and the Manchester Guar-
dian, a very carefully conducted and accurate paper, says—
" Uncharitable though it may seem townie people, our previous ex.
perience of the character of the Standard, we think, fully warrants us in
expressing our belief, that its object in craving a few days' indul.
gence, was to lay the anir asleep, with the hope and expectation that,
in the rapidity with which subjects of engrossing interest to the political
portion of English society succeed each other, some event or discussion
of importance may in the meanwhile occur, and prevent the public at.
tention from being again directed towards that fabrication, in which it
has been so unenviably mixed up, and as to which it is impossible, under
any circumstances, that it should stand altogether clear."
Already we infer, by the Earl of WiNcumsEA having
sent his letter addressed to the Yeomany of England to the
Murniv Post, that he has completely withdrawn his con-
fidence 'from the Journal which led him, and left him for
five years in the bog which was found only in the columns
of the Standard. All who value honesty, and dread a
similar fate, all who wish to rely on what they real, must
speedily imitate the Earl of WlNettu.sEa's example, un-
less our Contemporary prceve itself to be " incapable of
fabrication." Profit and honour alike imperatively call on
the Standard to lose no time in laying its vindication before
the public. We wish to know, then, precisely, how many
hours are contained in what the Standard calls a few days,
that we may be able to find that Journal guilty or not. To
be slow in throwing off such a charge argues an insensibility
to disgrace.

We offer our sincere congratulations to the friends of the
abolition of Church-rates upon the expressed determination
of Lord JOHN RUSSELL to proceed with this great ques-
tion. As we stated yesterday, the Committee upon
Church leases is to be named, and the day for its nomina-
tion fixed, when the adjournment of the Houso for the
Easter holidays is moved. We know that among
the Anti-Church Rate party, generally, there was
considerable dissatisfaction at the delay which had taken
place in the appointment of the Committees, and that the
Church Rate Abolition Society was about co put its exten-
sive machinery into motion to urge the Government for-
ward. We rejoice that this movement has now been ren-
dered unnecessary, and we believe that the Government
sincerely intends to prosecute its measure of last Se=sion.

The Paris Papers of Thursday have all been received ;
but, with the exception of the following paragraphs, they
contain no news of the slightest interest
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Orleans has entered the fifth
month of her pregnancy. The health of her Royal Highness continues
to be satisfactory."—Monitsur.
A petition, the object of which is to obtain the union of Algiers to
France is to be presented to the Chamber of Deputies in the name of
the merchants of Rouen. It :was said at Berlin on the 2lst March,
that M. Flintwell, president of the Province of Posen had very sud.
doily arrived there to make a report to the Cabinet, on the spirit of the
Catholic population of that province, which seems to be such as to
give cause for apprehension. The Archbishop of Posen has addressed
a circular to the clergy of this diocese, in which he enjoins the most ab-
solute obedience,

Madrid, March 2l.—Notwithstanding the news of the passage of the
Ebro, effected by the expedition under Count N'egre, the prices of Stock
rose yesterday ; thanks to the report which is in circulation the new loan
would be soon realised.

General Seoane has desisted from the questions which he had in-
tended to put to the Minister on the sitting of the Chamber of Depu-
ties yesterday. He said, that at a moment when he saw rebel expedi-
tions had passedhe sthhoeu El
db, rot
h,
eirt
autoasr e eteaeks
es a rayn tool,
psotrrteunngitthyetno tqlui euft;ioovnetrhne-
mMeinnit:tearnsdin a secret confereace.—Le Commerce.
It appears that no Ambassador Extraordinary will be sent to the coro-
nation of the Emperor of Austria at Milan. It is said that M. de
Rumigny, our Envoy at Turin will be commissioned to represent France
at that solemnity. It is likew.se affirmed that it is not yet decided who
*hall be the Ambassadors to attend the coronation of the Queen of Eng-
lana,--aaretie de France.
FRENCH FUNDS. —Putts, luAttc,
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 f. sc.
Three per Cents., 801. 30c.
Bank Actions, 2,680 f.
Romans, 102.
Belgian Loan, BM
an
sHlßileo,aalr)grt,tii el
ish Al333,ecnntalkiivp'.ersime: e4,209114r.
.Cents., 21.
Spanish Passives, 414.
Spanish Differes, 7U .

DELICATE AFFAIR.—The gentlemen of the
ic Long Robe" will, ere long, be engaged in discussing some
knotty points relative to an affaire du cmur of a peculiarly in-
teresting nature, to the scandal-loving portion of her Majesty's
liege subjects. The "gay Lothario," a young Irishman, now
in town, is nearly allied to an M. I), fora western borough,
who was once celebrated on the Irish turf. He is remarkable
for his love of theatricals, and chateau Inargeau is an " exqui-
site" and " fop," The fair " frail" one is the wile of a wealthy
cit., remarkable as welt for beauty pf per7;Qp a 3 for tl►e ac-
complishments of her mind ; but a few days will unravel the
,mystery,
An officer holding a stlperior appointment in the
military hospital of Toulouse, in Vrance, shot himself a few
days ago on the grave of Iris wife, and died immediately. At
the sac moment his daughter at home swallowed poison, with
intent to kill herself, kW 119e§ ire eqeertained a her life,

ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING

OF DELEGATES.-(THIS DAY.)

The Delegates met again this morning at ten o'clock, Mr. Blair in
he Chair.

Mr. BALDWIN suggested that as Sir George Grey had stated that he
was not afraid to meet his constituents, it would be desirable to send
Mr. George Thompson down to Devonport to elicit an expression of
opinion in that constituency.—(clear, hear.)
This proposition led to a long and very desultory discussion, and
Mr. WILSON proposed a motion that Mr. Thompson should be sent down
to Stroud, Nottingham, and Manchester, and other places, which Minis-
ters represented, to rouse those constitucncet to an expression of opinion.
Mr. BALDWIN seconded the motion.

Mr. M'CAut. was opposed to the Committee's exhibitihg the pettish-
ness of children, by teasing, worrying, and abusing the Ministry. He
would have very little confidence in the wisdom of the Deputation if
this motion were carried—(Hear, hear)—if a gentleman were sent
to pour forth the thunders of his eloquence in the districts represented
by Ministers for the purpose of upsetting the Government.—(Hear.)
Mr. Wit.sox denied that the object of the motion was to upset the
Ministry.
Mr. SCOBELL thought that gentlemen put too political a construction
u_pon the resolution. He observed, that whenever any thing was said
which bore upon the Ministry, it startled and offended c.'rtain dele-
gates. He would do every thing in his power to support a liberal
Government, but the object which the Deputation ought to keep in
view was the abolition of slavery. not the support of the Government.
Mr. O'CONNELL here entered the meeting, and was received with loud
cheers. Mr. Pease, who had previously taken a seat at the end of the
room, and the Learned Gentleman were then handed up to seats by the
Chairman,

nln
wheltrh.eGr.tTheit
pOeStresoa Nn s saidn
gthe
to
as
went of the object in view.—(Cheers) They were bound to all in their
ypr oqiu,oessetdi o
power to obtain their end without the slightest reference to political re-
uld beforete tdh
toe itnheee t
ai ndg, a wnas,
sults; therefore, if they had evidence before them that her Majesty's
Ministers who had seats in the House of Commons, had retarded or ob-
structed them in their course, surely it was desirable, if the voice of
their constituents would have any effect in altering their decision, that
that voice should be roused. It would, however, be the duty of who-
ever went forth to look higher than to party purposes ; they must not
shew any feeling of attachment to the present Government, nor to any
other party, but go forth with the voice of truth, and trust to the
Lord fur the result. They were bound to use all peaceable and con-
stitutional means to attain their ends. Snrely it was constitutional to
go down to Devonport or to Stroud.—(Cheers.) They were a body
working by means : le.; them therefore use all those peaceable means
which were in their power, but above all, let them carefully avoid giv-
ing the means they used a political colouring of any kind. Let them
declare and shew by their deeds, that they would uphold any adminis.
tration who would free the negro, and that they would oppose any Go-
vernment to the utmost which would not exercise its influence in so just ,
and hoiya cause.--(Cheers.)
Mr. O'CONNELL apologized to the meeting for obtruding himself so
early upon their notice, but he was actuated by a sincere zeal in the
cause they had all met to forward.—(Cheers.) He was not disheartened;
lie thought they were in a fair way of obtaining their object, for, consi-
dering all the interests that were against them, the majority of 64 did
not terrify him ; it was an indication to him that they were gaining,
that they would not be defeated unless they defeated themselves.—
(Cheers.) They said the question was not to be made a party one, do
not let them confine themselves to the mere words—show it also. He
could assure themeeting. upon his honour, that they had last night lost
votes from Irish Members, that made.a difference of 2:2 in the division,
and they had abandoned the cause in consequence of the resolutions of
the meeting of the previous day. They did so, because, from the
resolutions, they said " This is a direct attack upon the Government,
it is made a political question." He could assure them that the
present Ministry had been the Slave Abolition Society to Ireland—they
could not afford to love them—he said so distinctly, and he did it the
more readily, because in the debate of last night he had not spared them.
lie had blamed them bitterly, because justly, for their neglect and su-
pineness. Anxious as he was to sustain the Government, for the sake
of his country, he had not abated one particle of the principle which
actuated them all.—(Caters.) Situated as the Ministers were upon the
question, it was impossible that they could institute the initiative of
any measure; but he trusted soon to see them have a majority against
them, that would set them free from the bugbear of the contract. If
they were determined to rouse the constituences of those who voted
against them, why be invidious ? If they sent down to Stroud, why
not also send to Tamworth ?—(Laughter and Cheers) If they
sent to a county constituency where a Minister was returned,
why not also send to the electors of South Lancashire ?—(Cheers.)
He was far from counselling them to cease agitating—he thought such
a course would he highly criminal. The planter would not relax his
iron gripe, and therefore it was out of their power to give up their
agitation—that would he betraying their own principles and the people,
and sacrificing the poor negro.—(Cheers.) He hadbeen a close observer
of the Ministry, and ee believed that he knew them well—he could as-
sure the Meeting that his firm opinion was, that menace, intimidation,
the turning of the screw, as it was called, with regard to their offices was
worse than useless. They were a stubborn set—(Laughter)—they were
deeply imbued with old NVhig aristocratical notions—such principles as
would make a man lay down his life for what he considered an
honest opinion—(Cheers)—and he firmly believed that they would not
only lay down place and power, but that they would sacrifice their
lives, for a principle they believed a true one.—(Cheers.) They were
not for their situations—he knew that that office was a burden to them,
in place ofan object of desire. He spoke from facts, for he had himself
tried to turn the screw—he had tried the force of pressure himself, but
they had always spurned at a threat. He had approached them, but ne.
ver for himself—he believed that there was no one of the supporters of
the Governtuent who had less of their favours, but he was a constant
solicitor fur his country, but they scorned any sort of dictation
or threat. They (the Delegates) might drive them from office. but
they would never compel them through fear to take a different course.
He would advise them to take the names of the 2(19 who voted against
them, make a red and a black list as they did upon the Ballot, take the
black list, and then send down their agents to every constituency.—
(Cheers.) Let there be no invidious cheracter given to the proceed-
ing ; take all, and then' defy their enemies to say that they were

- .
actuated by any pelitical motive.—(Cheers-) They would thereby
include the Ministry, but at the same time they would not exclude
Sir Robert Peel, Lord Stanley, &c. Whatever Administration was
in, he could assure them that they would always find him the decided
enemy to slavery—(Loud cheers)—in all shapes, whether the negro
on the Indian idolator. That was a subject upon which he scarcely
dared to trust himself. Look at the time when these idolaters were in-
troduced—when the minds of the Negroes were in a state to receive the
foul impression of accursed idolatry. It was necessary for them to take
only those step: which would command the support of all good men.—
(Cheers.) They must not make an attack upon party, but upon the
principles of all who were opposed to them. He assured them again,
that no good purpose would be served by menace or intimidation ; aud
sat down amidst loud cheers.

Mrt WILSON, as the mover of the original resolution, did not
hesitate at once to acknowledge that the arguments of the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman had convinced him he would be acting a wise
and prudent part in withdrawing it.—(Cheers ) Adopting the sugges-
tion of Mr. O'Connell, he would now move another resolution, to the
effect that the list should be proceeded with alphabetically.
Mr. O'CONNELL seconded the resolution.

Mr. B►LDWIN said that he had seconded the motion, and his consent
for its withdrawal had not bee❑ obtained. nor would he give it. He
did not believe that the eleven Members, to whose desertion of the
cause Mr. O'Connell had alluded, were altogether influenced by the
reolutions which had been published.—(Murmurs ) He did not mean
to say that they had not told Mr. O'Connell that those resolutions had
decided them, but he (Mr. B.) did not believe that the resolutions alone
had influenced them. This was a contest in which plain speaking was
imperative—(Hear, hear)—and he did not think that the support of
such men was to be valued, who could desert the gr.cat cause of justice
and humanity at such a crisis. upon such grounds He (Mr. B.),
would yield to no delegate present, nor to any one who had ever
united with them, in zeal, and he might say service, for he had done the
Cause some service—(Hear, hear)—and he was now attending their pro-
ceedings at great personal sacrifice, for his interests were in extreme
jeopardy.—(Hear, hear.) He had narrowly watched Mr. O'Connell':
conduct on this momentous question, and he must say that he had
always acted with a detzTmination and perseverance which deserved
their confidence and esteem ; but if ever this great eause was degraded
by the consideration of how operations calculated to extend and promote
it, would affect any Administrution, he (Mr. B.) would at once withdraw
from among them.
Mr. J. M`Car.t. said that he had an amendment to propose on the re-
solution before the Chair. —(Murmurs ) Ile thought it extremely pro-
bable that the whole of the Members who had voted against them last
night, would resist any thing like an attempt to intimidate them, and lee
therefore thought that it would be better to leave it to the Central Negro
Emancipation Committee, to make arrangements for holding meetings
in such parts of the country, as they might deem necessary. He begged,
them efore to propose an anesulment to that effect.

A Delegate having seconded it,
Mr. Cacwnsox said that the effect of the amendment would be to
throw them on the extraneous aid of persons throughout the country,
which it would be desirable to avoid.

Mr. BoWLET had a suggestion to make, which he thought would meet
the views of all parties. Would it not be better to concentrate their
strength, and hold meetings in each county.--(Hear, hear, hear.)
The experiment of county meetings had not yet been tried.
_

Mr. THOMPSON thought that it would be much the more respectful
course towards the Committee who had so long and ,o efficiently ma-
naged their affairs, if the entire management of this matter was left to
them.—(Hear )

Mr. MITA ta. said that he fully concurred in the propriety of leaving
the subject in the hands of the Committee, and would therefore with-
draw his amendment.—(Cheers.)
Mr. WILSON also withdrew his resolution, and the matter was finally
referred to the Committee.

Mr. Pease would recommend it stronily to the Committee to take the
list of Members who had voted in the majority last night, to analize it
well, and try to come to some conclusion as to the principles on which
they acted. They would find, on examining the list, that there were a
number of gentlemen on It, who stood so high for their honesty and sin-
gleness of charactes, that it required only personal conference with them,
and some further information and persuasion on the subject, to bring
them over entirely to their views. He fully agreed with his Hon. and
Learned Friends, that any attempt to intimidate them would only confirm
them the more in their present errors ; and he had reason to believe that the
statements which he had made with respect to their having lost a slum-
ber of votes by the language which had been held by the Delegates,
with respect to the Ministry, were perfectly true. He was quite satis-
fied that many of these gentlemen would sooner resign their seats, than
yield to anything like an attempt at intimidation.—(Hear.) There was
another class amongst these gentlemen whose objections to the motion
were fott.tded on the conscientious conviction that there was a compact
bets'. eta this country and the planters. There were also some who,
although anxious to forward the interests of the negro, yet were of opi-
nion that further time was necessary than the Ist of August. With
these gentlemen it would be necessary to have personal confe-
rence, to endeavour to win them over to their views.
Mr. ScoaELL read the following letter from Mr. Ward, M.P.:—
" Saturday Morning.
" Dear Sir,—lt was thought by every one so impossible that the de.
bate should end without either Sir It. Peel or Lord Stanley having taken
part in it, that an adjournment was expected by all of us ; and while I
was consulting Mr. Villiers about moving it, Sir G. Strickland rose to
reply. I should has e interrupted him, but he literally did not give me
tithe; yet after the reply (as it is termed) an adjournment is never moved.
" I take shame to myself for having, by a momentary indecision,
allowed the debate to close thus abruptly; but in the state of the House,
and at so late ail hour, I felt it impossible to attempt to reply to Mr.
Gladstone. I have written to Nfr. O'Connell, to say that I will second
his motion respecting the emancipation of females, and I will then en.
deavour to avail myself of all the facts with which you and Mr. Sturge
have supplied me. I rose twice, as you saw, last night, but could not
oatch the Speaker's !'yo,

.4 It is impossible for me to attend the meeting this morning, as re-
quested, being forced to leave town instantly. Write me a line at Gil-
stone Park, Harlow? and believe me yours, my dear Sir, very faithfullY,
'4 H. Q. WARD.
" To Mr. John Scoble, Brown's Hotel, Palace-yard."
Mr. WILSON then read a letter from Lord Brougham (for which Kt)
another column), which was received with great applause,
A Delegate begge 1 to ask the Hon. and Learned Member for Dublin
whether it would he in accordance with the usage of Parliament, to
bring on again the motion made last night by Sir G. Strickland
Mr. O'CovreLL believed that Or; cetirloy of parliament was rather
than the rule tbat the motion should not be brought en again in the
same terms. 'But it might be brought on by a slight alteration of the
terms--as, that the apprenticeship should cease 2.d of August.—(Hear,
and laughter.) He had given the notice alluded to the 4ille,st 01i4-

ration ; but he would give way to any course the Delegates might think
the most expedient.
Mr. STURGO thought it would be better if the lion. and Learned
Gentleman would bring the subject forward as a substantial motion after
the recess.

Mr. PEASE concurred in that suggestion, in which, after a desultory
conversation, we understood Mr. O'Connell to acquiesce. The Hon.
and Learded Member then withdrew amidst great applause.
Mr. M'CaLL, of Doncaster, then moved the following resolution,
which WAS seconded by Mr. Jenkins, of Carmarthen
" That although the delegates are specifically assembled to promote
the immediate abolition of the apprenticeship in the British Colonies,
they feel bound to express their deep and unalterable sympathy in the
efforts of the Bight Hon. Lord Brougham to bring the weight of public
indignation to bear upon the continuance of the execrable Slave Trade."
A DELEGATE observed that it had been charged against them that
they had paid no attention at all to the question of foreign slavery,
while they were anxious to put an end to the apprenticeship system.
Now he begged to set the public right Upon that point : they were
anxious to put an end to slavery in all its forms, and in every part of
the globe.—(hear, hear.) He was anxious that that fact should be
embodied in a resolution before they separated.
Several Gentlemed observed that the taunt had been thrown out by
their opponents merely to divert their attention from the main object
which they had in view, and suggested the propriety of withdrawing the
resolution

Mr. M`Caut, by whom the resolution was propose;], then modified it
so as to meet the view of the meeting,

The resolution, as amended, was then put, and agreed to.
A DELIEGATE then proposed a resolution to the effect that any partial
emancipation, by the liberation of the female slaves, as proposed by Mr.
O'Connell, did not meet the views of that meeting.
A rather desultory conversation took place, which ended in a mod:fi.
cation of the Resolution, to meet the views of the majority. The reso.
lution was then agreed to.
Subset 'pawls to a large amount were then announce.; as having been
received from the gentlmen peseta.
'I he following resolution was then moved by JOHN SconLE, Esq., and
seem led by EDWARD BALDWIN, Esq.
"'That the Delegates now assembled view with the greatest alarm the

issue of an Order in Council, under date of the 12. th July, 1837, for the
introduction, under indentures of five years, of the native inhabitants of
the East Indies, into British Guiana, as calculated to renew the horrors
of the Slave Trade ; to introduce a new and odious system of slavery
into the British Colonies ; and materially and permanently to affect the
intensts, the happiness, and the morals of the enfranchised negroes,
by subjecting them to unjust competition ; to the hostile spirit of caste;
and to the degrading influence of the practice of idolatry, from which
at present they are happily exempt. And that this Meeting solemnly
protests against it as contrary to the dignity of the Crown, the honour
of the country, the interests of humanity, and the growth of true
religion."
Carried unanimously.
Mr. JOSEPU begged to observe that he had stated that he was afraid
Mr. Protheroe would not vote for them, but on consulting the Division
lists he had ascertained that Mr. Protheroe, had voted in favour of the
immediate emancipation of the slaves.—(Hear, and cheers.) He felt
it due to that gentleman to correct his error.
After some further conversation, thanks were voted to the Chairman,
and the meeting adjourned.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, MARC!' 30.—Wind W.S.W., moderate.—Came down from
the River, and sailed, the Francis Smith, Edmonds, for Madras. Came
down from the River, and remain, the Culloden, Mould, for Miramichi ;
the Salacia, Maine, Mauritius; the Cottingharn, Short, Quebec. The
Leda, from Dundee to Gibffiltar, passed at the back of the Goodwin
Sands.

PORTSMOUTU, Mancil 30.—Wind S. to W., light airs, and fine.—
Sailed, the Ava, for Miramichi, but has since brought up at Spithead.
PLYNIOUTH, MARCH 20.—Wind variable.—Arrived, her Majesty's
packet Ranger, from Falmouth. Sailed, the Spourg, for Gibraltar; the
William Lushington, Smith, for Quebec.
FALMOUTU, MARCH 20.—Wind E., moderate brecees, and fine.—
Arrived, the Alert, Taman, and Walberton, Gilbert, from Rouens.
Arrived off; the De Zeeurn, late Hofstede, Batavia, for Middleburgh.
sailed Nov. 28, St. Helena Feb. 2 ; the L'Amiable Selina Hocket,
Feedrup, for Newfoundland.
LIVERPOOL, MARCH 30.—Wind N. moderate, very thick weather.—
Owing to the fog, the Mary, for Bombay, and the Eliza Johnstone, for
Pernambuco, came to anchor off the Rock, yesterday, where they still
remain, 2P. M. The Irish Mail Boat has just come in from Dublin ,
the Captain reports the weather as exceedingly thick outside.

WATKRFORD, MARCO 28. Arrived the Prudence, Angel, New.
port, and Excel, Reed, from London.
CORK, MARCH 28.—Arrived the Favorite, Silk, from London. The
Prince Regent Transport has arrived here from St. Sebastian ; out 16
days, and encountered very heavy gales in the Bay of Biscay ; with 600
men to the Spanish Legion, besides women and children.

The Adolfe, Talbot, from Marseilles, put into Carthagena, leaky
hound to Martinique.

CARTHAGENA, MARCR 15.—The Volcano, (Steamer) which put into
this Port, Ist instant, has completed her repairs, and sailed to-day for
Gibraltar, and Falmouth.

WESTPORT, MARCO 28.—Arrived the Ceres, from London,
BRISTOL, MARCH, 29.—The Waterloo (Packet), Seaman, from Cardiff
to Hamburgh, which capsized in the river yesterday, has been righted.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We are, as usual on Saturdays, without any arrivals, with the ex-
ception of the Express from Paris, and that is void of interest. The
Madrid Papers to the 22d instant still report that the Spanish Go-
vernment are upon the eve of obtaining a loan, but upon disadvan-
tageous terms. The prevailing opinion is that the Spanish Government,
owing to the emptiness of their treasury, must accept a loan upon any
conditions. The wants of their armies must be supplied, otherwise
Espartcro will again march to Madrid, and make a forced loan, laying
heavy contributions on the capitalists of that city.

To the present hour, we do not hear of the arrival of the American
pzcket ship from New York of the Bth instant.
The great dearth of intelligence this morning affects both commerce
and the funds. The Continental Exchanges yesterday were heavy, and
the rates have not improved since last post day.
TILE FUNDS.

Consols, which closed yesterday at 931%g for Money, and 931 to 34
for the Account, opened at the same price, and the market has a lan-
guid appearance at present. Exchequer Bills, 63 65; India Bonds,
not marked, 8 to 9 ; Bank Stock, 209.
Spanish Active, 211 i with coupons; Passive, .5; Deferred, 834 ;
Portuguese, 30N 31 ; Three per Cents., 201,i 21; Brazilian, 79 3y ;
Colombian, 28 34 ; Mexican, 27 % ; Dutch Two and a Half per Cents.,
54% to %,
Spanish Active has become heavy— done at '211,4 li.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock ...... ...
3 per Cent. lied.
S per Cent. Cons, 931/a 34 1 South Sea Stock.
:3% per Cent. ..... ... . -
Ditto Red.
New 3% per Cent lOl% 1001 i 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751._
New 5 per Cent — Exch. Bills.£l,ooo 65 63 Dm
Bank LobgAnn-uitlestcexpire Ditto SIX 65 63 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 — Ditto Small
I.kt. 10, 1859
Jan. 5„ IStSO .— Ditto Advertised... ..... .... 59 pus
Jan. 5,.•4139) — Bank Stock for Account
April 5, laBP . ..... .. ..... India stock for Account
Jan. 5, 187' — Consols for Account
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS Tins DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bonds 10314% Ditto Account ..... .. ...... .....
Ditto Account . Portuguesedlonds 6B
Brazilian Bonds . .. ... •.... Ditto Account ...... .........
Ditto Account 79 Pitto New Ronda. ..... 30!.4
Ku,nos Ayres Bonds — Ditto Account ..
Ditto Account .................. DM), 3 per cent. 2,114
.lhillsan Bonds ..—...... .......... Pr,i.sizin Itcs?ds —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds — Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
C3lumbian Bonds, 1.24. 23% Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account
0 .nish ilonds ..... 76 51i Ditto Bonds,lB.l t '",00.i
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent.......... —f --
Ditto Bands, 1825 — 4 per cent.
Ditto Account
Mexican Bonias, 5 per cent.... —-- Exchange --.t"
Ditto Account
Ditto, 6 per cent.
Ditto Account — Ditto, %iser cant 102N,34
Neacolitan — Ditto Account —
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Paid. Per Share.
Alten Mlning Company I2X, 11
British Iron Company
Dublin and Kilkenny Railway Company ......
Eastern Counties Railway 5 5% a'
Great western Railway Company 65 92
6,lgaton Railway comps!,
London and Blackwall itailway
London and Southampton Railway Company.. 50 4li
London and Southampton (New) Railway 5 28 714 EN
London and Croydon Railway Company
Northern and Eastern Railway Company
Asphalte, Claridge's Patent
London and Westminster Bank 2O 21
COURSE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
A nsterd im C.F. 12 6 Gibraltar 4B
• 'itto, at sight
Rotterdam 2U. 12 6 Genoa 26 EO
I Antwerp...
Hamkurg. . M.B. 13 14% Venice
kltona--- 13 14% I Na,'

A1t0na.....
Paris, 3 days' high 25 70
Ditto ....... .............. 3 Ms 26 0
Marseilles.
Bou Meaux
Frankfort en Mains, Ex. M 154
Petersbuigh, ruble 3 Us. 10
Berlin
Vienna, effective I", M lO 14
Trieste ditto lO 16
Madrid 35
Cediz....
Bilboa
Barcelona '34
Seville 34

4aples
Palermo per oz. 115
Liston
.. 5:394
()roil° `33
flue Janeiro 2B'Bahia 25
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight 134
Cork
PRICE OF BULLION, PER Gri
Portugal Gold, coin .0 15 0
Foreign Gold, in bar 5...,.. 3 17 9
New Doubloons
New Dollars ,„ 0 4 9%
Silver, bars, standard 0 4 11

HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
We continue in the same sta'e as In the early part of the morning,
without any further arrivals, or any news to communicate.
Consols have been done in the course of the morning at 93, for the
Account, since which they may be quoted at 931 Money, and 93 for
the Account ; Exchequer Bills, 63 63; India Bonds, 8 premium, un-
marked.
There is not a feature in the Foreign Market worth noticing, Spa.
, Dutch
uisli Active receded from to :NI ; Poytuguese ?01. ; Three
per Cents. 20i ; Brazilian, 79 ;Danish, 754 ; Columbian
2i per Cents., 541. ;
Some business has been done in Shares; Brighton rather higher, fit
prem.; British Iron, 35} discount; Aiphalte, 11 prem.'
THREE O'CLOCK

Consols (or the Account, 93i,

The exertions made by this country in behalf of the
suffering and enslaved negro are unexampled in the history of the
world. After many fruitless endeavours the people compelled the
le4islature to put an end to the Slav" trade, and are inces-
santly using their influence to induce other natiens to follow
the example. In the sacred cause they have spared neither
life nor treasure—disregarding alike the diseases of a pesti-
lential climate and the sufferings caused by excessive taxation,
they remained steadfast to their purpose; and their enthusiasm,
after forty years of exertion, appears only commencing,
Within the last few dajd more than twelve hundred petitions
have been presented, praying for immediate er;:micipation, and
not fewer than five hundred delegtites bare come from all parts
of the country, at their own expense, to enforce the prayers of
the petitioners. None but men knowing the blessings of free-
dom could have made such an exertical ; and foreigners, who
feel not its human sink
effects, may well be astonished that a•
nation of shopkeepers should give up their time,. and 1,;tz;!,
themselves and their posterity with a debt of t.l Xa'.l';',on a year
to impart some of its blessings to (gen :7% !mall number of
African slaves,
yesterday Morning, about half-past seven o'clock,
the body of a man about 25 or 30 years of age, was discovered
floatiog in the Thames, nearly opposite to Lambeth Palace.
Two boys who found the body brought it ashore The de-,
ceased bad evidently been in the water for several days. The
body remains at the.bone-house to be owned.

LORD BROUGHAM ON ril-n; SLAVE

DIVISION OF LAST NIGHT.

TO THE DELEGATES REPRESENTING THE
ENGLISH PEOPLE ON THE QUESTION OF
SLAVERY.

March 31, 1835.
GENTLEMEN,—I offer you, and I re3poctfuly tender

through, you to the people of the United Kingdom, my
condolence upon the unhappy event of last night—an event
which is calculated to blast the hopes of all our country=
men in Europe, and to spread dismay among our ill-fat 4
brethren in the Colonies.

Of a decision pronounced by those who were believed to
represent the people in Parliament, it becomes us to speak
with respect. But we may surely be permitted to la-
ment that they have thought fit to seek the confidence of
the nation by flying in its face, and supporting a Ministry
which, bent upon self-destruction, has kept no terms with
its only supporters----has sought an alliance with the eon
mien of freedom—and after persisting in measures for the
revival of the execrable Slave-trade, has dealt a death blow

to the most cherished hopes of the whole Empire, by de-
claring that Slavery shall not cease.

A death blow it shall not be to those cherished hopes!
We are engaged in a sacred cause, and we may defy the
frowns of an ephemeral power, sustained by Court favour
alone, when we have on our side truth and justice, the
principles of religion, and the dictates of humnlty—ancl
are supported by the voice of millions England—and are
urged en by the groans of MYr;.ads in the islands—l am
sure you will persevere until we prevail. I know that I
shall continue with unbroken spirit to lead you on. From
this defeat of an hour I only gather new zeal to pursue the
glorious course before us, that justice may at length be
done, and the cause of right may overcome all its enemies.
I am, your faithful servant,
BROUGHAM.
