COMMON COUNCIL

Yesterday it Court of Common Council was bell
at Guildhall, which was numerously attended.
After ale proceedings of the last Court bad
been read, the LORD MAYOR presented the An-
swers of Isis Royal Highness the Prince Regent,
noir her Majesty the Queen, to the Addressei of
Congratulation presented by the Court, on the oc-
casion of the Marriage of her. Royal Highness the,
Princess Mary to his Royal Highness the Duke 01
Gloucester; and also the Answers of the Duke
and Duchess of Gloucester to the Compliments of
Congratuta►ioit presented to them on the like oc-
casion, which Were severally read, and ordered to
be entered upon the Journals.

VICTORY OF ALGIERS.
His Lordship then acquainted the Court that
he received a Requisition, for the purpose of
considering the propriety of proenting a dutiful
and loyal Address to his Royal Highness the
Prince Regent, congratulating Ilk Royal Highness
on the glorious result of the recent proceedings
of the fleet under.the command of Lord Viscount
Exmouth, before the city of Algiers ; and the same
was read, when a Resolution to the above effect
was moved by Mr. Brown, It•Conded and stipport-
ed by Mr. Dixon and Mr. Favell, and agreed to
unanimously.

A,Committee, consisting of. all the Aldermen
who were present, with one Commoner' front each
Ward, was then appointed, to ►withdraw- immedi-
ately and prepare the drift of an Address ; and
they. having retired for some time, at length.re,--
turned to the Court with au Address acceortling..
ly, which was read and agreed to, and ordered to
be presented tc, his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent on the throne, and the Bherititt, attended
by the Retnembt Kneel., were directed to wait upon
his Royal Highness, to know his Royal will and
pleasure, ►then he would he pleased to receive the
Conn witl► the said Address,

THANKS TO LORD EXMOUTIT, &c.
The Court resolved ntianimously,to present their
Thanks to Admiral Lord Viscount Exmooth,
G.C.11, tii Rear Admiral Sir David Milne, K.C4I.
and to theseveral Captains, Oflicers, Seamen; and
Marines, tinder the command of his Lordship, for
the zeal and bravery displayed by titans in the
attack upon Algiers ten the 2i sir of August last,
which issued in the brilliant and decisive victory
obtaioed on that memorable occasion.
It vi 4 also unanimOnslyresolved, that the freedom
of the'City, and a sword of the value of two him-
dred.guineas, be presented to Lord Viscount Ett.
monk: and the Oeednin, with a sword, .of the
value of one hundred guineas, be presented to
Hear-Admiral Sir David Milne, in testimony or
the esteem and gratitude of the Court, toy the
zeal, bravery., and talent, displayed in the attack
upon Algiers, and in the conclusion of a treaty
dictated by his Royal Highness the Prince: Re-
gent'," and scarring (amongst other advantages to
the cause of justice and humanity) the abolition
for ever of the 111)1Tid system of Christian slavery.
The Lord Mayor was requested to 'provide the
swords, and to commttnicate the foregoing Reso-
lutions to Lord Viscount Exmouth:

GENERAL BARCLAY Dr; TOLt.y.
The Right lion. the Lord MaYot laid before the
Court a letier he had received from Field Mar-
shal Prince Barclay the To in return for the
sword. presented him, by order of the Court of
the Bth day of June, 1814, which- was read, tnut
orileretrio be entered, upon the... Journals.
The-Committee made a Report of the qualifica-
tions necessary for the vacant office of principal
clerk of the coal-market,. which was read, agreed
to, and the next Court was appointed for the elec-:
tiott of a principal Clerk, of the coal-market.

EXECUTION OF SIISANNAH lIOLROYD, AT LAN.
CASTER, FOR POISONING HIM HUSUAND,
This unfortunate WOIMUT undo went the a Win)
sentence of theliw, you the Drop,behind.the Cas-
tle, on Aiontlay se'unight,
was attended on the platform by elderly
woman, a fellow prisoner, who appeared to
sist tier hi praying. She had previously ac.
knowledged the. justice of her seutenNee, eon-
lesbing that .she 04140015 t ered the poison to
her lipsh4Od, witlo whoth she had quarrelled tttfew
before ; but. she denied- haling been guilty
of poiOgijng tha two elbitdren ; -her s'on,
Its to d,
died' hi,,yonBerprenee of -her husband homeeritty
him !•,onie of the gruel which he hail left and the tturse child, she taiei, died a natural death.;
She applared very penitent.
Before the Judge 'left ,Litincaster, he Was. pleased
to rerkve ell. the other couiriets under sentence
of rieuth, except Jones, Jatlies,-Alaguire, and Bar-
row,- for 'Burglary ; and Finghes and Boyd,
uttering forgtd limos who Lilt ordered tor exe-
cution ou Saturday next.
