APPROPRIATION BILL

Lord DURHAM moved that the Appropriation
Act he printed, That Act was the only constitu-
tional meant by which their Lordships could ascer-
tain in what manner the revenues of the country
were applied, and therefore he thought that it was
fitting the Act should be printed. Doing so was
warranted by tradition, though not by the late prac-
tice of the flouse, and he did not see why that
practice should not be again had recourse to.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE had never heard
of suet; a course. lie had in his time been us much
in opposition as the Noble Lord, but he had never
thought of moving for the printing of that Bill.
, Lord DURHAM said he did not do it for the
In of opposing the Government, but that he
might, us a Peer of the realm, make himself
acquainted with its contents in the best possible way.
The Earl of ELDON said that he had never
heard of the Appropriation Act being printed.
Lord Duttmot'a motion was then negatived
without a division.
The other Bills brought up from the Commons
were then also read a first time and ordered to be
printed.
The second reading of the Court of Session (Scot-
land) Bill was put,off till Monday, on the suggfstion
of the Earl of LAUDIMDALIi.

EAST ,RETFORD.
After s conversation, in which the Marquis of
Salisbury, Lord Durham, the Lord Chancellor, the
Earl of Eldon, Earl Grey, and the Duke of Welling-
ton participated, it was agreed that their Lordships
should be summoned for ten o'clock on Monday, in
order to forward the examination of the witnesses
on this Bill.

Counsel and witnesses were then called in and
heat d; after which the House adjourned.

lIOUSE OF COMMONS.-.(LAST NIGHT.)

Bayley's Divorce Bill went through a Committee.
Report ordered to be received on Monday next.
Mr. Alderman WOOD brought up the report of
the Committee on the Bill for the prevention of ca-
nine madness.

Mr. Alderman WOOD, in the absence of Sir F.
Burdett, presented a petition from the copyhotders.
leaseholders, and householders of south Lambeth
and vicinity, setting forth that the South London
Water-Works Company take their principal supply
by means of a large main land drain or sewer, culled
the Epbra, into which , the tide flows at Vauxhall
Creek, 'flat Ephra drains the lands and roach; about
Dulwich, Brixton, Kennington, and neighbour.
nand. It is also stated that the South London
Water-works have a tunnel of communication into
it about one hundred yards from. its mouth, so that
any dirty and foul water is pumped into their reser-
voirs; also, there is considerable danger of the neigh-
bourhood being overflowed at high tides, as the
openings of Londor..bridge are enlarged for want of
flood gates on the mouth of the Creek next the
Thiniree, It is therefore prayed that the said Creek
he taken out of the hands of the Waterworks Com-
pany, and restored to the Commissional; of Sewers,
to whom it properly and originally belongs.
Sir TT. PARNELL brought up the report on the
ifotyhead Road Bill.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from Leeds
against negro slavery.
.Mr. BROUGHAM said as he was anxious to
immures a measure relative to negro slavery, he
wished to ask the Chancellor of the► Exchequer on
I what day Ministers intended to propose an adjourn.
mrnt of the Rouse.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
spoke in so low 4 tone of voice that what he said
not be, distinctly beard in the gallery. We
undorstood the Right lion. Gentleman to say that
the tie. of adjournment must depend upon the
state of business in the other House of Parliament,

Mr. 111110MIAM expressed a hope that he
should be able to introduce a resolution on the ant).
jest by Monday or Tuesday, he knew it would be
quite impossible to carry every Mil through Parlia-
ment in the present Session.
The CLIANCI4.I.OII. of the EXCHEQUER.
made 40414 observation, which was totally inaudible.
