PLAIN DIRECTIONS:-
FOR COUNTIES.

If you have a qualification for a County Vote, and your
ziarne is not on the present Register, you must on or before THE
TWENTIETH DAY OF JULY, deliver or send to one
of the Overseers of the Parish or Township where the pro-
perty which gives you the Qualification is situated, a claim to
have your name put on the Overseer's List of Voters, and
with the claim there must be given Is.
This claim must be in the proper form, and you must take
care that your Qualification is correctly stated.
If your name is on the Register, but you have parted with
the property for which you were registered, then you must
make a new claim for the property which now gives you a
Qualification.

SHETLAND.

If your name is on the Register, but you have changed the
place of your residence, you must make a new claim, stating
the place where you now reside.
Remember, that these claims must be given to the Overseer
of the Parish or Township where the property which gives you
the Qualification is situated, and your name must be on the
List of that Parish or Township. Take care, then, to aster.
lain whether your name is on the List of the proper Parish
or Township.
For this purpose you, or some friend for you, should exa-
mine the List, which will be placed on the Church doors on
the two first Sundays in August, and which may also be seen
every day in the two first weeks of August, by applying to any
one of the Overseers of the proper Parish or Township ;, such
Overseer is bound to show the List, and allow it to be read,
without being paid anything.
If you find that your-name is not on the List, or that it is on
the List, but has got the word objected placed against it, or if
you find that there is some mistake as to your name, or as to
your place of residence, or description of the property, or if
any person gives you a notice of objection to your Vote, you,
or some one for you, must attend the Revising Barrister to
prove your right, and have any mistake corrected.
If you know of any bad Votes on any Overseer's List, you
should take care that these bad votes be objected to, and this
must !ie done on or Wire the 23th of August.
Attend particularly to these dates
THE 23:11 OF JULY is the last day on which A
CLAIM can be received by the Overseers.
THE :25t1i OF AUGUST is the last day on which
OBJECTIONS can be made.

FOR CITIES AND BOROUGHS.
If you are quali.ded to have a Vote for a City or Borough,
as an occupier of prern:ses of the yearly value of 101., you
trust pay, ON on BEFOR.E the 2ilth OF JULY, all your Poor's
Rati's and Assessed Taxes payable for those premises to the 6th
OF APR,H. LAST, or you will not be entitled to have a
Voie.

it will be no excuse for you that the Collector of Taxes, or
Parish Orficer, has not DEMANbED payment.
I::%amine the List of Voters of the Parish or Township
toiie:e your premises are situated, which List will he placed
on the Church doors in that Parish or Township on the two
fir,t Sundu,;,s in August, and which may also be seen any day
in the two
_first weeks in August, by applying to one of the
Ov:•r,oers of that Parish pr Township. Such Overseer is
b0,..1r.d to show the List, and allow it to be read, without being
aulfthing.

r. pat nod that you, name is not on the List, you must,
oar or beibr., the of august, cloliver or send to one of the
Ov,rseers of the rr3pr Pari,ll or Townsnip, a claim to have
yo :.,r name put on the List.

'llat claim must be in the proper form, and you, or some
on 2 fit you, niu•t attend the; Revising Barrister, to prove
your right.

- yon find that your mime is on etc' List, but thnt there is
.(;ome mistake as to you:. name, or as to the description ff the
premises, in that case you must attend before the Revising
_Barrister, to have the mistake corrected.
If you knew of any ba.-1 Votes on any Overseers's List, you
sbo.,11:1 take care that these bad Votes be objected to, and this
nio.,! he done on or bifire the .25t;4 of August. Examine also
the List of .Objections, which will be pl,ced on the doors or
the Church of • the Pari,h or Township where your premises
are :itulte, on the two first Sundays in September, and which
Inay also ho seen on aN;lic.ttien to any one el the Overseers of
that Varish Townsni;), 'on any day after the -tilt of Septem-
ber, nail before the 151/i (!j* September. Such Overseer is
la:rind to !,how the Ust, and allow it to be read, without being
paid 'zmytlimg.
If you find you: name in this List of ObjectionF, you, or
son;e one fbr you, must attend before the Revising Barrister,
to prove your right.
The following dates must be particularly attended to
THE 20th OF JULY is the last day for PAYMENT
of Poor Rates and Assessed Taxes.

'I'HE 25th OF AUGUST 1:711.c last day to claim for
vourse:i, if omitted from the List, or to object to any bad
Vote.

COUNTIES.
SUGGESTION'S FOR REGISTRATION ASSOCIA-

TIONS IN COUNTIES.
The object of such Associations is, first, to effect the moss
complete registration that is practicable of all persons in the
Liberal interest, qualified by law, to vote at elections of Mem-
bers of Parliament for Counties ; secondly, to protect the
Liberal cause from any illegal registration by the Tories.
To effect these important ends on precisely the same plan in
all Counties, may, from various local circumstances, be diffi-
cult ; bat, wherever it can be accomplished, a uniform system
is extremely desirable. For this purpose, it is recommended
that Central, District, and Local Committees should be
formed.

CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
In al Counties, or Divisiou3 of Counties, a Central Com-
mittee should bo formed, with which all District Committees
should ant in unison.
The place of meeting of such Central Committee should be
the County Town (where there is one in the Division), or the
City or Town of the largest population.
Every Central Committee should have a Chairman, a De-
puty Chairman, a SecretaT, and a Treasurer.
DUTIES OF CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
The duties of each Central Committee will be-
-Ist. Generally to superintend the entire registration of the
County or Division.
and. To insure the formation of a District Committee at
the most convenient place in each polling district.
3rd. To furnish each District Committee with all legal
forms for claims or objections in respect of votes.
4th. To circulate in each district, manuals and other infor
mation useful to Electors.
sth. To make adequate preparation in the week imme-
diately following the first Sunday in September, for the ap-
proaching revision of votes by the Barristers throughout the
whole County or Division.
An Annual Meeting of the Central Committee and a De-
putation from each of the District Committees should take
place early in the month of Juno ; and such Annual Meeting
should be held in the most convenient locality. At such
Meetings the necessary arrangements for the Annual registra-
tion of the Counties may be considered, and planned.
A skeleton map of each County or Division should be printed
or lithographed by each Central Committee; distinguishing
the names and divisions of the parishes; affixing to each parish
a number corresponding with the schedule on the margin of
the map ; and leaving columns for the entry of their respec-
tive number of voters.

A WARNING VOICE.

DISTRICT COMMITTEES.
In each polling district a District Committee should be
formed, which should have a Chairman, a Deputy Chairman,
a Secretary, and a Treasurer. Each District Committee should
form its own fund, restricted to its local objects.
DUTIES OF DISTRICT COMMITTEES.
The duties of the District Committees are-
-Ist. Generally to superintend the registration in their sevora
polling districts.
2d. To ensure throughout the whole of their District the for-
mation of such Local Committees for one or more parishes,
as may be found convenient.
3d. To furnish to each Local Committee legal forms of claim
and objection.
4th. To circulate in each District useful manuals for electors.
btli. To promote and enforce, by every means iu their power
Meetings of each Local Committee at the proper times,
and for the purposes hereinafter mentioned.
6th. To communicate to the Central Committee all the infor-
mation necessary to a careful revision of the Voters.
LOCAL COMMITTEES.
The Duties of the _Local Committees are-
-Ist. To investigate without delay the register of the past year,
so far as it applies to their own parish or parishes ; to
consider the qualifications of those already registered ; and
to collect the names,
.qualifications, and residences of qua-
lified persons not rer Itered,

-Shetland Journal.

glsl
2nd. To meet in the first week of July, for the purpose o.
giving notice to all qualified persons of the parish not
registered, of the period required by law for sending in
claims ; and for the purpose of ensuring that such claims
are sent in, on their behalf, before the 20th of July.
,rd. To meet in the first week of August, for the purpose of
carefully going through the new lists made by the Over-
seers, and of objectinr, to persons inserted therein, who
are not entitled to be voters; also for the

ose o
ascertaining whether any persons who have made purp
claimsf
,
or who were in the last register, are omitted from the list.
4th. To take care that proper notices of objection are pre-
l.p.red and duly served, on or before the 2oth day of August.
To meet immediately after the first Sunday in Septem-
ber, for the purpose of ascertaining the means of defending the
votes of persons to whom objections have been taken ; and to
report to the District Committee upon all claims and objec-
tions which are to be heard before the Revising Barristers.
N.B.—Where Local Committees are not formed, the Dis-
trict Committees must perform the duties assigned to the
Local Committees.
GENERAL OBSERVATIONS.
In counties, or divisions of counties, containing two chief
owns, it may be desirable to have two Central Committees, one
reach sigrratulding division.
Eaclr 'eiitral Committee should procure a copy of the last
Doll
d an interleaved copy of the register, in which all the
retcs of the District Committees should be entered. Each
DiQiict and Local Committee should be furnished by the
Cetral Committee with two interleaved copies of their part of
ilittriOister, each voter's !ast poll being marked on the margin
saaorle copy. Each District Committee should also be sup.
with a map.

i&.

.-'

- - -
THE REFORM ASSOCIATION Each Committee should enter, on the interleaved copies of
CALLS upon ALL REFORMERS throughout the KING- their district register, notes of all information as to the death
DOM, to CO-OPERATE with them in OBTAINING A or disqualification of voters. And one of these copies should
FULL and HONEST REGISTRATION of EVERY be transmitted by each Local Committee to the District
PERSON QUALIFIED for the ELECTIVE FRAN- Committee, in the first week in July; together with a list of
CHISE under the Provisions of the REFORM ACTS, all persons of reform principles qualified, but not registered,
The Elections can only be Gained by Vigilant Attention to the so far as they have been able to ascertain them.
Registration of Voters. The printed lists of persons qualified to act as jurymen
will
give
great assistance in ascertaining who are qualified to
NO PERSON CAN VOTE UNLESS DULY REGISTERED. be on the list of voters. These lists may be generally had in
each parish.
FORMS WILL BE SUPPLIED TO THE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEES, ON APPLICATION TO THE
REFORM ASSOCIATION, 3, CLEVELAND-ROW,
LONDON;
And large or small quantities may be purchased at a cheap
rate from Messrs. RIDGWAY, Piccadilly.

DEFENCELESS STATE OF SHETLAND, AND THE PROBA-
BLE CONSEQUENCE IN THE EVENT OF A RUSSIAN WAR.
The state of our relations with Russia is daily assuming
a more hostile appearance, and serious apprehensions of a
war with that power are generally entertained. Among
other objects of her ambition, that of becoming a first-rate
maritime power is well known to be a favourite one. The
principal obstacle to it is her want of ports out of the Bal-
tic, where her fleet are of necessity frozen in for half the
year. Now, supposing the Emperor Nicolas to be aware,
(and he and his ministers have pretty sharp eyes,) that
there is a certain isolated portion of the British kingdoms,
containing some of the finest harbours in the world, not a
great deal further from St. Petersburg than it is from Lon-
don'; and in such a perfectly defenceless condition, through
the neglect of the British government, that with a very
inconsiderable force, it might be taken possession of
without the slightest resistance being offered ; and that
in consequence of its distance from the seat of the
British government, and the ease with which its commu-
nication with the rest of that kingdom could be cut
off, this invading force, with the assistance of some
engineers, who would no doubt be brought, might so fortify
some of the principal positions in these islands, before any
succour could arrive from the mother country, perhaps be-
fore even their landing might be known there, as to enable
them to resist the attack of a force ten times the amount of
that which had at first taken possesSion of the place,—sup-
posing, I say, that the Emperor Nicolas knew this, what is
there to prevent him, on the very first determination of war
with Great Britain, to make an attempt to turn the Shet-
land Islands to the same use for his purposes in the North
sea, as we have done Malta for our purposes, in the Medi-
terranean ? There would be nothing whatever in their
present state to prevent this happening. It is likely per-
haps, that Russia might be compelled after a temporary oc-
cupation, to relinquish them again, and that rather than
permit so humiliating a stain on our national honour, as the
permanent appropriation by Russia of a portion of the British
dominions, no efforts would be spared to regain possession
of these insignificant islands.
A considerable force would no doubt be fitted out and
dispatched to retake, Shetland, and after a vast deal of
expense had been incurred, and some blood shed, the
Russians might possibly be compelled to abandon it, after
Russia, probably, by thus having drawn off a considerable
part of the British forces, at a trifling cost to her, had
succeeded in effecting some more important object of her
plan of warfare in some other quarter. Now what would be
the consequence to Shetland of such a contingency as this ?
Why, bad enough in the outset, no doubt. But still not a
great deal worse than what Shetland has been used to in
times not long since gone by. The Russians would, no
doubt, help themselves to a few men to-serve on board their
ships of war. In do:ng so they would, of course, endea-
vour to catch them alive. For this purpose, they might,
perhaps, scour the country in armed bands, in order to
• ferret their prey out of their hiding-places. Or they
might come in the dead of night and drag a man
out of his. bed, regardless of the shrieks of his wife,
or the cries of his infants ; and if a spirited Cuil-
nisintrg wife should attempt to resist the violation cf
her habitation, and favour the escape of her husband,
the Russians might be unmanly enough to cut and
mangle her with their swords.--What then ? Do none of
our readers recollect some such thing happening under
the mild and paternal sway of the British Government ?
Yes, they must recollect it—and that under the rigid
justice of a Shetland judge and jury the sufferers were
compensated, and the chief perpetrator of such a crime
punished—by his being sentenced to drink whiskey toddy
for a. fortnight with his boon-companions, in a comforta-
ble apartment in the town-hall of Lerwick. But worse
still than this might happen : the Russians might lay under
heavy contribution such of our country-folks as have
siller—and they might even compel our lairds to ransom
their estates at pretty heavy sums. What would the
dragging away of a few poor men, or the -mangling of a
few poor women be, compared to such a calamity as
this ? Even this, however, would be nothing worse than,
nky hardly equal to, 14,4 t the (FigiJ4gAlairdr of the coun-
try—the ancient UdalliiiAufrertimOtqtrerce
being pawned to the King of Scotland, because the King of:
Denmark, puir man, had not the bawbees ready to pay his
dealer's lecher. So that we should still suffer nothing
worse than what our ancestors have been used to. And
the consequences would, in the end, be certainly much
better than what we have been used to. Impoverish-
ment and slavery would not thereby br entailed upon our
successors. On the contrary, the British authorities, find-
ing that there was an extreme limb of the empire which it
was necessary to prevent from being cut off with impunity,
would at last turn their attention to its defence and im-
provement. Some of the principal places would be forti-
fied—roads would be made at the public expense, to
afford a communication between them, and thus state
necessity would effect (as it did in the Highlands of Scot-
land after the forty-five) what national justice or liberality
never have , yet conceded. Some of our readers will,
however, most likely say, and we think so too, that
this defence and improvement might. just as well, and
a great deal better, be effected before hand. So it
certainly might be. A few hundred of the troops which
are now maintained by the nation for doing nothing,
might be sent down to Shetland, and, under the direc-
tion of experienced enzineers, might make such defences,
and such, good roads through the country, at the joint
expense of the government, the inhabitants generally, and
the proprietors of land, as would render any sudden sur-
prise by a small force unsuccessful, and would besides
contribute most essentially to the general improvement of
our islands. But how is this to be accomplished ? Why,
in the very first instance, it would be necessary for us to
present a memorial on the subject to the Secretary of
State for the Home Department, numerously signed by all
the principal people of Shetland—and who is to take the
trouble which such a step would require —No one I fear.
Therefore we must even take our chance, and if a Rus-
sian squa.dron should arrive, and we should be unable to
beat it off by pelting the Russians with pickled herrings
from Fort Charlotte—why then—we must just submit to
our fate.

Within a circuit of several miles round Maidstone,
die hay has never been known to have been got in better. The
cinquefoil, clover, and trefoil, have produced heavily, and the
grass, although not quite equal to the latter, except in good
soils, is yet a good average crop.—Maidstone Gazette.
DEATH OF THOMAS GRAHAM STIRLING,
Ese., OF AIRTII.-It is with the most mournful feelings that
we have to announce the death of the above-named gentle-
man. For many years he had taken an active part in all
matters connected with the county ; and a strong testimony
of the high respect which was generally entertained for his
business talents, as well as for his character as a private gen-
tleman, he received, in being chosen to fill the honourable
situation of Convener—a situation which he held for many
years, and continued to hold to the day of his death. As a
politician, it is well known that his sentiments were strictly
Conservative. These be never sought to conceal ; these he
openly avowed ; and these he maintained with a firmness
which stood Unmoved amidst all the fluctuations of political
opinion which he lived to witness. For a humane and gene-
rous spirit—a disposition to sympathise with all in time of
need, and to reeve them to the utmost of his ability—a
promptitude in acts of kindness and benevolence, and to put
forth his strenuous exertions for the purpose of conferring
them, Mr. Graham Stirling, we may say, was almost un-
equalled.—Stirling Journal.
THE NEACE.—Withollt the mace, the House of
Commons does not exist ; and it is as essential that the mace
should be present at the deliberations of our senate, as that
Mr. Speaker should be there himself. Without a Speaker
the House never proceeds to business, and without his mace
Mr. speaker cannot take the chair. At the commencement
of a session, az.d before the election of a Speaker, this va-
luable emblem of his dignity is hidden under the table of the
House while the clerk of the table presides during the elec-
tion; but no sooner is the Speaker elected, than it is drawn
from its hiding-place, and deposited on the table, where it
ever sifter remains durin.g the sitting of the Huuse ; at its
rising, Mr. Speaker carries it away with him, and never
trusts it out a his keeping. This important question, of the
Speaker's duty in retaining c 'Onstant possession of this, which
may be called his gilt walking stick, was most gravely decided
in the year 1763, as appears by the journals of the House of
Sir John Cust, the Speaker,
Commons. On that occasion .
being taken ill, sent to tell tl House,
by the clerk at the
table, that he (f.ould Oct take th
chair. It appears that there
, )
was couiderah',e discussion ‘1,v13 ether the mace ought not to
have b..en in the House when this important communication
was made. No one, however, -prestuned to say that it ought
to hate been on the table, but s,
r can maintained that it ought,
for the dignity of the House, to 'have been underneath it.
It was decided, however, that Mr. Speaker had done quite
right not to part with his bauble ~; and the House accordingly,
as the journals inform us, " adj aurnod themselves without the
mace." Fur a member to cr ass between the chair and the
mace when it is taken from the t able by the sergeant-at-arms,
is an offence which it is the S.iaev.lter's duty to reprimand.
Book of Table Talk.
