CANTERBURY-NOMINATION.

' The nomination of the candidates for the representation of
this city, took place yesterday morning. Lord. Albert Co-
nyngham and Mr. Villiers appearing on the Liberal side ; and
Mr. Lushington, who some years since carried the represen-
' tation of the city from St. Stephen's to Madras, on the side
or the Tories. The highest excitement has prevailed for some
' time past, in consequence of the indecisive nature of the can-
vass, neither party, from the pledges hitherto given; aing as-
sured of success.
JOHN BRENT, Esq., proposed Lord 'Albert Denison Co-
nyngham.
Mr. W. MASTERS seconded the nomination.
Lord ALBERT CONYNGRAM then presented himself, and was
hailed with loud and enthusiastic cheers. He was opposed to
the Tories, because it was whilst they were in power that the
load of debt which fettered and cramped the energies of the
nation—which hung like a mill stone about their necks, and
which must descend like a curse upon their children; was con-
tracted.—( Cheers.) Not content with that, they had placed
themselves, a phalanx opposed to every reform that the people
of England had a right to demand, till at length, on the
benches of the Opposition, they saw, with reluctant and un-
willing eyes, the carrying of that great measure which they
they had the power no longer successfully to resist..—( Cheers. )
If the Whigs had not done all that was expected from them,
they had at least carried the Reform Bill.--( Cheers.) They
had at least alleviated some portion of the oppressive burden
of taxation under which the country was labouring when they
came into office—(cheers)---and beyond that, they had thrown
open the trade with China and abolished West India slavery.
—( Loud and long-continued cheering.) Of the general line
of foreign policy pursued by the Whigs he did not disap-•
prove, but at the same time he must c nifess that in his
,opi-
nion there was a blot upon the hands of their political career
which time never could efface, and which would prevent him
from ever blindly supporting them.—( Hear.) The late Ad-
m.nistration .lad suffered a noble, a Crave, and generous
people, struggling for their liberties—fighting for those rights
which we, as Englishmen, know how to value— to. be crushed
beneath the reckless and unsparing hand of the Northern
despot.—( Hear, hear.) The Noble Lord then entered into
a brief exposition of his political principles. In the first
place, he was an advocate for shortening the duration of Par-
liaments. He would not pledge himself to two, three, or four
years ; but four years, in his opinion, should be the outside.
He was also. an advocate for the enforcement or economy in
every department of the State, for the purpose of relieving the
burdens of the people. For the same reason lie should vote
for a. close examination into the merits of the Pension List—
( Hear, hear, and cries of "No pensioners.") He , was also
an advocate for a graduated Property Tax, by the means of
which the pressure of taxation might be made to bear more
equally upon the rich and the poor.—( Cheers.) With respect
to the vote by ballot, as it too frequently occurred in towns
and cities that unjustifiable means were resorted to, to induce
the tradesman or artisan to give his vote in a manner contrary
to the dictates of his conscience, he should support a measure
calculated to protect them.—( Loud cheers.) Corporation.
Refcrm.he was most anxious to see carried.—( Cheers.) He
wished to seesall corporate bodies elected by their fellow-citi-
zens.—( Hear, hear.) Church reform had a most crying call
upon the legislature.—( Cheers.) Pluralities must be done
away with.—(Cheers.) There remained but one other point
upon which he felt it necessary to touch—the admission of '
members of the dissenting body to the Universities; upon that
point he need only say that in his opinion all good citizens,
whatever their religious tenets might be, ought to be admitted
to the enjoyment of all the same rights and privileges as the
rest of their fellow-country men._( Cheers. )
WILLIAM HENRY BULLOCK, Esq., proposed Mr. Lushington.
Mr, CHRISTIAN seconded the nomination.

Mr. LUSHINGTON then name forward, amidst the loud accla-
mations of his own party. The Right lion. Gentleman al.
luded to the manner in which the present Administration had
been appointed, arguing from the absence of Sir Robert Peel,
that the restoration of the Tory party could not be the result
of any intrigue on their part. He deprecated the Ballot and
the Poor Law Bill, and expressed his determination to sup-
poFt 41)445 iqstiNtiopl of the country:
Mr. Aideplan goolau ptypilsed MF. Ffedtiriek Millie; ,
jr, FLINT seconded the nominatiot,
Mr. VILLIERS, on coining forward, was received with loud
and long-continued cheers. He was a decided advocate of
triennial Parliaments and vote by ballet—a stanch friend to
civil and religious liberty-_a resolute economist, and
detq4Yl4 fibql,gl7 of unearned pensions—( Hear, hear)
_and ftirqier be was !pelt sq9rigly opfio,sei.l to the
present disgraCeftil mode of ''punishment adopted' in t 4 army
and navi, and also most ar*ou.s,4'o, ailopt some measure by

which the system of impressment in the navy might be abo-
lished. Those were the chief subjects likely to occupy the
attention of the Legislature in the ensuing Parliament.
The Hon. Gentleman was loudly and enthusiastically
cheered throughout his address.
Mr. MATHERS moved that Mr. Wells be put in nomination.
There was 'no seconder to the motion ; but
Mr. WELLS came forward, and after the lapse of a consi-
derable length of time, was allowed to state that he had no in-
tention to present himself as a candidate. It was not gold
that had induced; him to withdraw' from the contest. He
had always been a strenuous advocate of the rights of the
Ror in Canterbury, and he should continue to be so still.
esident in London, he should keep a watchful eye upon the
conduct of the representatives of the city, whoever they might be.
The show of hands then took place, and was declared to be
in favour of Mr. Villiers and Mr. Lushington.
A poll was immediately demanded on the part of Lord Al-
bert Conyngham.
The poll will commence to-morrow (this day).
The greatest noise and confusion prevailed throughout the
whole of the proceedings.

CA MB RID GE.
FIRST DAY'S POLLING.
WEDNESDAY, JAN. 7.-The polling commenced this morn-
ing for the representation of the town of Cambridge, under
the most cheering prospect of success for the cause of Re-
formers, the Liberal candidates, and late faithful representa-
tives, the Right Hon. Thomas Spring Rice and George
Pryme, Esq., having taken the lead of their Tory opponent,
Mr. Knight, in fine style, and headed him in the course of a
few hours, on their separate interests, by a large majority ;
that of Mr. Rice being the greater, his return is certain.

CARMARTHEN AND LLANELLY-NOMINA.

TION.
JAN. s.—At an early hour this morning the friends of the
opposing parties were on the alert. Soon after ten o'clock
the Hon. W. H. Yelverton, accompanied by his committee
and a large number of the most influential and independent
gentlemen of the borough of Carmarthen, entered the Town
Hall. Mr. Lewis, the Conservative candidate, soon after-
wards made his appearance, surrounded by the corrupt magis-
tracy and underlings of our Corporation.
W. CHAMBERS, Esq., sen. of Llanelly, proposed the Hon.
W. H. Yelverton, which was immediately seconded by Capt.
J. G. Phillips. Mr. Lewis was proposed by Capt. Edwardes,
and seconded by Mr. D. Prytherch. Mr. Yelverton then ad
dressed the electors, and pledged himself to the faithful dis-
charge of his Parliamentary duties, if elected, and also to his
unqualified opposition•to the present Government. The show
of hands was in favour of the Liberal Candidates. The
poll will commence to-morrow—Cruesday,)—and close on
Wednesday.

CHATHAM.
WEDNESDAY.—In this borough, which has always hitherto
been considered as under the immediate influence and control
of Government, the Tory candidate finds himself very hard
pressed by his Liberal opponent. The result of the first day's
poll has been to give him but a very trifling majority.

CHICHESTER—NOMINATION.
JAN. 6.---The nomination of Members for this city took
place on Monday, when Lord Arthur Lennox, J. A. Smith,
Esq., and J. M. Cobbett, Esq., son of the late Member for
Oldham, were proposed. The poll took place to-day.

COLCHESTER—NOMINATION.
TUESDAY.-The nomination took place here to-day. Mr.
Sanderson was proposed by Alderman W. Smith, seconded by
Yr. W. E. Green, Sir George Henry Smyth, Bart., was
prosed by Mr. John Bawtree, banker; seconded by Alder-
man Sparling. Henry Tuffnell, Esq. was proposed by Mr.
George Saville, seconded by Mr. John Chaplin. The candi-
dates addressed the meeting, and the Mayor declared the show
of hands to be in favour of Tuffnell and Smyth_ A poll was
demanded on behalf of Sanderson.

COVENTRY.—NOMINATION.
The nomination for this city took place this morning. Mr.
Williams, the popular candidate, had an immense majority
on the show of hands ; and though neither this gentleman
nor Mr. Ellice has resorted to the degrading system of
drowning the senses of the electors with liquor, there is no
doubt of their return.

DEVIZES.._NOMINATION.
JAN. 6. —At twelve o'clock yesterday Mr. Locke, Admiral
Sir P. C. H. Durham, and the Honourable Pleydell Bouverie,
were put in nomination. Each party used their best exer-
tions, and at three o'clock this afternoon, Mr. 8., finding he
had no chance of success, retired from the contest.

DUDLEY.
REMARKABLE CONTEST.
JAN. 6.—The election here has terminated in favour of the
Tory candidate and former member, Mr. Hawkes ; but such
has been his victory, that he will never, I venture to predict,
attempt to achieve another. A few individuals assembled late
on Sunday night, who at five o'clock on Monday morning sent
round a bellman, calling all to the hustings. At day-break
this call was responded to by one of the finest bursts of feeling,
that have ever done honour to any nation. At the hour ap-
pointed for nomination, the entire population seemed assem-
bled. The Tory candidate was proposed and seconded ; and,
to the dismay of the party, and the delight and astonishment
of the Reformers, Captain Forbes was also put in nomination.
Immediately after these arrangements parties proceeded to
the poll—the Reformers acting without a candidate, and
against the wish of the Committee, without poll-clerks or any
other officers being provided. The contest continued, very
warmly carried on to half-past four, when it terminated.
