SPORTING INTELLIGENCE;

GREAT DONCASTER ST. LEGER, 1834.
TUESDAY.—The Gteat St. Leger Stakes of 50 soys, each,
b. ft. ; for 3-yr. old colts, Sst. 61b. ; fillies, Sst. 31b.
St. Leger Course.
Mr. Orde's ch. f. Lilly of the Valley, by Syntax—Tomboy's d.
Mr. Ridsdale's b. f. Marcellina, by Lottery—Marchesa.
Sir J. Boswell's ch. c. Gen. Chasse, by Actwon—Hambletonia.
Mr. Nanney's bl. c. Sir William, by Camel—Wedlock's dam.
Mr. Allanson's b. c. Cashier, by Banker—Lady Moore Carew's d.
Mr. Taylor's b. f. by Lottery—Madame de Sevigny's dam.
Mr. Attwood's br. c. Polander, by Lottery—Gin.
Mr. Arnold's br. c. GuadalouPe, by Velocipede—Speck.
Mr. Gully's gr. c. Viator, by Stumps—Katherine.
Mr. Watts's b. c. Bubastes, by Blacklock.
Mr. Powlett's br. c. by Figaro or Lottery—Miss Fanny's dam.
Mr. Armitage's b. c. by Velocipede—dam by Whisker.
Mr. Armitage's ch. f. by Velocipede—Nonplus's dam.
Duke of Leeds's ch. c. Valparaiso by Velocipede—Juliana
Duke of Leeds's b. c. by Blacklock—Mrs. Rye.
Major Yarburgh's br. f. by Velocipede—Laurel's dam.
General Sharpe's gr. f. Matilda, by Malek—Fair Helen.
Duke of Cleveland's br. c. by Muley—Bequest.
Duke of Cleveland's b. c. Guardian, brother to Trustee.
Duke of Cleveland's br. c. Shelah, by St. Patrick—Emiliana's d.
Lord Kelburne's br. t. Sister to Retainer, by Jerry.
Mr. Walker's b. c.. Delirium, by Filho da Puta—Lunatic.
Mr. Walker's b. f. Cotillon, by Partisan—Quadrille.
Mr. Walker's b. f. Velocity, sister to Velocipede.
Mr. Maxwell's ch. g. Buccaneer, by Blacklock.
Mr. R. Bewers's b. c. Mr. Merryman, by Comus.
Lord Chesterfield's b. c. Mammoth, by Leviathan, d. by Figaro.
Lord Chesterfield's ch. c. Alexis, by Leviathan—Olga's dam.
Mr. W. Richardson's b. f. by Young Phantom—Jenny Mills's d.
Mr. W. Richardson's ch. f. Lady Brownlock, by Blacklock.
Mr. W. Richardson's b. c. Beverley, by Young Phantom.
Mr. French's c. Miranda, by Octavian—Sheba.
Mr. Bell's b. c. by Brutandorf—a sister to Blucher.
Mr. Marson's bl. c. Louden, by Chateau Margeaux.
Mr. E. H. Bowser's b. c. Logic, by Lottery—Carnaby's dam.
Mr. Clegg's br. f. Eleanor, by Comus—Orville.
Sir R. Bulkeley's b. c. Tom Jones, by Teniers.
Mr. W. Chitney's b. c. Partisan—Scheme.
Mr. Houldsworth's br. c. Darius, by Reveller.
Mr. Beardsworth's br. c. by Manfred, out of Bracelet.
Mr. Mostyn's b. f. Queen Bess, by Chateau Margaux—Princess

Royal.
Mr. Mostyn's b. 1. Birdlime, by Comus—Birdcatcher's dam.
Mr. J. Smith's b. c. Brother to Chorister, by Lottery.
Mr. G Crompton's br. c. Mellerstein, by Corinthian.
Mr. W. Crompton's b. f. Mayflower.
Mr. Skipsey's bl. c. Inheritor, by Lottery—Handmaiden.
Mr. Heseltine's b. c. Worlably Baylock, by Blacklock—Vermin.
Mr. S. Fox's b. c. by Figaro--Governess.
Mr. S. Fox's br. c. Goldbeater, by Gaberlunzie—Orville.
Mr. Hebden's ch. c. Rifleman, by Whisker—Tourist's dam.
Lord Sligo's ch. c. Bran, by Humphrey Clinker—Velvet.
Lord Sligo's b. c Spume, by Roller—Foam, sister to Felt.
Sir M. Wood's Charivari, by Reveller—Aline.
Sir M. Wood's b. c. Brother to Marpessa, by Muley.
Mr. Nevill's ch. f. Amadon, by Sultan—Mandadine.
Sir J. Gerard's br. c. Billinge, by Belzoni, dam by L'Oricnt.
Mr. Greatrex's hr. c. by Lottery—Trulla.
Mr. Greatrex's br. c. by Lottery—Lady Neville.
Mr. Bigg's b. f. Muliana, sister to Mule), Moloch, by Muley.
Mr. E. Peel's b. c. Tarick, by Muley—Sweetpea.
Mr. Bristow's b. c. Donald, brother to Uncle Toby, by Cain.
Lord Westminster's b. c. Touchstone, by Camel—Banter.
Mr. Batson's ch. c. Plenipotentiary, by Emilius—Harriet.
Mr. W. Edward's b. c. Royal William, by Royal Oak.
Colonel Peel's b. f. Rosalie, by Whalebone—Electress.
Colonel Peel's br. f. Miss Ellen, sister to Myrrha, by Whalebone.
Mr. Yates's ch. c. Bentley, by Buzzard— Miss Wentworth.
Mr. Mills's b. c. Brother to Kate, by Lapdog.
Mr. Chifney's gr. f. Sister to Marcus, by Emilius.
Mr. H. E. Chisholm's b. f. by Partisan—Walton or Orville.

NEWMARKET ST LEGER ENTRY.
Mr. Batson's Plenipotentiary, by Emilius.
Sir S. Graham's Zulima, by Sultan—Emma.
Duke of Rutland's b. c. by St. Patrick, dam by Orville.
Colonel Peel's Rosalie, by Whalebone.
Mr. Yates's Bentley, by Buzzard.
Mr. Mills's Miss Ellen, sister to Myrrha.
Duke of Grafton's Olympic.
Duke of Grafton's Montrose, by Reveller—Legend.
Duke of Cleveland's Shelalah, by St. Patrick.
Sir M. Wood's Charivari.
Mr. Greville's Faunus, brother to Dryad.
Mr. Greville's Pickle (Mustard filly).
Lord Exeter's c. by Sultan, dam by Woful—Zealot's dam.
Lord Exeter's f. by Sultan—Marmella.
Sir F. Johnstone's f. by Merlin, dam by Phantom.
Captain Garclnor's Comet, by Whalebone.
The Two-year-old and other Stakes at Newmarket have
filled very well.
--.40--.
HUNTING APPOINTMENTS.

The King's Hounds meet on Monday at her Heath ;
Friday, at the Rose and Crown, Oakingham.
The Suffolk and Essex Hounds meet on Monday at the
Plough Inn, Bradfield ; Wednesday, at Foxhall Lodge ;
Friday, at the Wild Alan Inn, Sproughton—at half-past 10.
Mr. Bulteel's Hounds meet on Tuesday at Seobscombe ;
Friday, at Radford ; Tuesday, at Puslincb-bridge ; Friday,
at Slade—at 10.

The Warwickshire Hounds meet on Monday at Gaydon
Inn ; Tuesday, at Upton House ; Thursday, at Compton
Verney ; Friday, at Stoneleigh Abbey ; Saturday, at
Princethorpe—at half past 10.
The Linlithgow and Stirlingshire Fox Hounds meet on
Monday at Linlithgow Bridge; Thursday, at Hopetoun
House ; Saturday, at Houston Gate—at half past 10.
The Herefordshire Hounds meet on Tuesday at Bacho
Hill ; Friday, at Westhide Villag.—at 10.
The Shropshire Hounds meet on 111 nday at Wytheford
Wood ; Tuesday, at Acton Burnell ; Wednesday, at Row-
ton Cattle; Friday, at Sundorne Castle ; Saturday, at
Ercill Mill—at half-past 10.

Mr. Wickatead's Hounds meet on Tuesday at Clover.
ley ; Thursday at Checkley Village ; Saturthy, at Brough-
ton—at half-past 10.
The Albrighton Hounds meet on Tuesday at Moseley
Court; Thursday, at Orslow ; Saturday, at the Bodger—
at hall.past 10.
Mr. Meynell's Hounds meet on Monday at Cbartley ;
Thursday, at Foston ; Saturday, at Blytl;bury—at half.
past 10.

The East Sussex Hounds meet on Monday at Abbott's
Woad—at a quarter before 11.
The Eist Kent Hounds meet on Monday at Newing
Green ; Wednesday, at Acrise Mill ; Friday, at Rosing-
bam-street—at half-past 10.

The Canterbm y Harriers meet on Monday at Wincheap
Pound—at 10.

The Thanet Harriers meet on Monday at Monckton
Bacon—at 10.

The Tickham Hounds meet on Monday at Doddington ;
Thursday, at Long Beach—at 10.
The Brighton Harriers meet on Monday at Patcham ;
Wednesday, at the Race Course ; Friday, at tie Dike—at
half-past 10.
The Brookside Harriers meet on Monday at Newmarket
Hill ; Wednesday, at the Kennel and Lewes Race Course.
alternately ; Friday, at Telescombe Tye—at half-past 10.
Ihe Hove Harriers meet on Tuesday at Whitelock
Bott,,m ; Saturday, at Erringliatn—at half-past 10.
Cloud G. Wyndharn's Hounds meet on Tuesday at
Poling; Wednesday, at Toddington Wood ; Saturday, at
Selhurst Park—at 11. _

Lord Petre'a Hounds meet on Monday at Chisel Hall ;
Wednesday, at Peverells; Saturday, at Scales Park—at
half past 10.
The Hambledon Hounds meet on Monday at Rumsden
Bottom—at balf•paat 10.
Mr. Cody ington's Hounds meet on Monday at Stockton
Wood—at 10.

The Inelewood Hounds meet on Monday at Kirkos-
wald ; Thursday at Aiket Gale—at half past 10.
The Cottesmore Hounds meet on Monday at E-sendine ;
Tuesday, at Brook Hall; Thursday, at Greetham New
Inn—at a quarter before 11.
Lord Fi zwilliam's Hounds meet on Monday at Bedford
Purlieus; Wednesday, at Old Weston Mill—at 10.
Lord Yarborough's Hounds meet on Monday at Hell
Furze ; Wednesday, at Aylesby Mill ; Friday, at Blybo-
rough Hall ; Saturday, at Dunkirk Cover—at 11.
The South Wald Hounds meet on Tuesday at Horsing-
ton Mill ; Friday, at Hafham Pastures—at 11.
Mr. C. Brick's Hounds meet o❑ Monday at Bayton
Village ; Wednesd iy, at Churchill ; Friday, at the Ruse
and Crown—at half-par 10.
The Mathon and Colwall Hounds meet on Monday at
Newer's Wood; Friday, at Highnatn—at half-past 10.
The Cheshire Hounds meet on Monday at Bostock
Green ; Wednesday, at Satterafield Bridge; Thursday, at
Booth's Obelisk; Saturday, at Oulton—at half-past 10.
Sir R. Sutton's Hounds meet on Monday at the Half-
way house, Newark Road ; Tuesday, at Wickenhy Vil-
lage ; Wednesday, at Branston Wood ; Thursday, at Spital ;
Saturday, at Weagby Town—at 11.
Mr. A. Smith's Hounds meet on Monday at Chilling-
bourn Shears ; Tuesday, at Everleigh House ; Thursday,
at Finchley Farm ; Friday, at Tedworth House—at 11.
Mr. Horlock's Hounds meet on Tuesday at Rudlon
Firs ; Friday, at Bittlesea Wharf, near Christian Melford
—at half-past 10.
Mr. Portman's Hounds meet on Tuesday at Houghton
Wood ; Thursday, at Haslebury Common.
The Somerset Vale Hounds meet on Monday at Dil-
lington Oaks ; Saturday, at Kingsdon Turnpike.
Mr. Tudway's Hounds meet on Tuesday at Evercreech.
Mr. Faiqubarscin'a Hounds meet on Tuesday at Plum-
ley ; Wednesday, at High Hall.
The Burton Vale Hounds meet on Tuesday at Burton
Common ; Friday, at Slattridge Park Gate.
The Burton Harriers meet on Tuesday at Dirty Gate.

DINNER TO MR. TYNTE, AT CHARD

(From the Sherborne Journal of Thursday.)
The public dinner which had been advertised in our
two preceding papers, to be given to Mr. C. J. Tynte, by
his constituents, in the town and neighbourhood of
Chard, took place on Tuesday last, at the George Inn,
when about 120 gentlemen sat down, amongst whom
were nearly half the burgesses, who are stanch Reformers.
The dinner was intended to compliment Mr. Tynte for his
exertions in gaining a repeal of the personal estate tax.
The Hon. Member was in excellent health. The chair
was very ably filled by the Rev. Mr. Gunn, supported on
his right by Mr. Tynte, and on his left by Mr. Lenedon.
of Chard. Amongst the company were Mr. Ball, of
Taunton; J. Cridland, Esq., Captain Nair, Mr. Cross.
of Bloomfield, Mr. James, of Glastonbury, Mr. Pike, of
Bridgwater, &c., &e., &c.
After the removal of the cloth, the chairman proposed
It The King, and may he never forget the principles
which placed him on the British throne," which lie in-
troduced with appropriate observations.
The next toast was—" The people, the only legitimate
source of all political power."
AIN CROSS, in reply, addressed the company, and said
the subject was of such importance that he feared he was
not able to do it anything like justice. The people of
England were not, as they had been many years past.
(Edw. III.) in a state of barbarity which required power-
ful restraints of law ; but as a people emerged from thi-
state, and advanced in civilization. Laws and govern-
ments were less necessary in that despotic farm which
was anciently exercised. As society progressed in intel
ligence, the curbs and checks of tyranny required to be
relaxed, and governments to be adapted, in their spirit
and power, to the moral and elevated character of the
people. It had been the case with rulers to abuse
their power by acts of oppressive domination, and to make
all the elements of social happiness subservient to the eel
fish purposes of their ambition, to the slavery and de-
gradation of the people, and to pervert useful institutions
into ends for self-aggrandisement; hut, happily, we are
now arrived at a period when Governments are corn
pelled to feel whence their power emanated—that they
possessed it not for the few, but for the benefit of the
many. Although, he was sorry to say, that such was
the contracted views of some of the nobles in this ,
country, who, although they were educated where the
ancient lore of the Greek and Roman sages—men inspire,'
with a love of liberty and country—was daily read, they
caught not the spirit, nor acted the noble principles which
they had inculcated. Mr. Cross made some happy allit
%ions, in conclusion, to the difference between the French
Revolution and the bloodless achievement which Enelan
had carried in her Reform Bill. The Hon. Gentleman
sat down amidst much applause.
" The Queen and Royal Family."—" The Army and
Navy."
Captain Nara rose and said he returned his best thanks
in the name of the Army. The life of a soldier was a
glorious one, when fighting the battles of his country
against foreign foes ; but when he was called upon to re-
press local disturbances at hoMe, his situation was truly
difficult and obnoxious, for he had feelings like other men,
and was connected by the same sensitive ties of kindred
and friendship. He could not sit down without congra-
tulating them on the occasion of that day, and of the pa-
triotism and intelligence which actuated them in selecting
a gentleman as their Representative of his friend's talents
and integrity, who had justified their choice in the praise-
worthy and honourable course he had steered, and given
such satisfaction to his constituents.—(Cheers.)
The PRESIDENT next gave—" Earl Grey and his Ma-
jesty's Ministers." He had been told the subject suggested
by the toast was rather of a difficult character, but lie
thought it rather more delicate than difficult; yet, as he
was a plain speaking man, and had no idea of mental re-
serves, or double meanings, he would just tell them what he
thought of those Ministers.—(Cheers.) In the first place,
had it not been for them, we should not have had the hap-
piness of meeting here to-day ; nor would they have had
the opportunity of electing such a Representative as our
honourable friend present.—(Cheers.) The difficulties the
Ministers had to contend with would not have been so
ably met by any other set of men. Earl Grey bad
done, while in office, what no other Statesman ever did
before him, both in the magnitude and extent of his
measures. When he first came into power, the country
was in a deplorable state, under the effects of a corrupt
and profligate administration, which for years had weak-
ened its energies, and drained its resources. For seventy
yea's had the owls, the bats, and vipers of office, carried
on a system of pernicious and destructive operation, and
it was necessary to have a new broom to sweep away the
foul nestlings which they had created. The old castle
had become dilapidated and disfigured, and required much
skill to remove it, and restore it to its pristine solidity.
—(Cheers.) If Lord Grey and his colleagues were to
retire to-morrow—if there were no other act to be men-
tioned, for which he had distinguished himself and Mi-
nistry—that of passing the Reform Bill would hand his
name down to posterity as a beneficial and important
achievement. But not only had he to remind them of
what they had done, but to call their attention to what
they (the Ministry) had yet in store to be done. They
were a reforming set of gentlemen.—(A laugh.) They
bad yet many measures on their table headed Reform,"
such as the municipal carporations and the church ; and
supposing the) should carry them, shall we not praise
them and say, they are honest men after all? For
himself, he never looked on this important measure
but as a means to an end, and while we bad that
means, if properly used, no doubt the country will rise
to a greater degree of honour, dignity, intelligence, and
happiness than it ever has yet.—(Great cheering.) In
next proposing the health of Mr. C. K. Tynte, Member
for West Somerset, Mr. Gunn entered into particulars
relating to the personal estate tax, which he said Mr.
Tynte bad been principally the means of getting removed,
by which the town had greatly benefited. With respect
to the general parliamentary conduct of Mr. Tynte, he also
expressed himself with his usual flow of eloquence, and
extolled him as one who indefatigably attended to the dis-
charge of his duties, and the honest, independent, and con-
scientious, disposal of his votes on all occasions requiring
his presence and a'tentien.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Tarsmt—Gentlemen, I feel almost overpowered by
the flattering reception with which you have welcomed me
here this day, and by the enthusiastic manner in which my
health has been drunk. The Rev. Chairman has alluded
to the difficulty of my canvass, and the strong opposition
that was offered to my return. Gentlemen, one of the
first towns which I was invite i to canvass was Chard—
(Cheers)—and, to the latest hour of my life, I shall never
forget that splendid festival on which the inhabitants of
Chard celebrated the passing of the Reform Bill.—
(Cheers.) Gentlemen, I have witnessed many festivals in
various countries, in celebration of dear-won victories, but
never did I witness a more interesting or patriotic jubilee
than on the day to which I allude. I anticipated that
the blaze of patriotism was spread through the western
division of Soinere•etshire, and I then felt that the ex-
ample of Chard would be followed by the return of
men to Parliament who would strive to fulfil the
inventions of the Reform Bill.—(Cheers.) In respect
to the personal estate tax, the town of Chard was early
in its application for the repeal of this tax. A gentle-
man, who I regret 1 do not see here, Mr Howse, wrote
to me upon this subj ct, very soon after 'he meeting of
Parliament. I confess to you, I did feel great pleasure
in being the humble instrument by which the repeal of
that unjust and unequal tax was repealed.—(Cheers.)
And mark me, gentlernen,l do not stand here claiming the
whole merit of the repeal of that tax, because I would
never condescend to add one leaf to my wreath, from the
garland of another. I am proud to own the assistance of
my Hon. Colleague and Mr. Labouch,re; but as I moved
for the returns, and I had several interviews on the subject
with my Right Hon. friend Mr. S. Ries., at the Treasury,
and eventually pressed the repeal of the tax upon Lord Al.
thorp, in my place in the House of Commons, I feel that
I am not presuming too touch in receiving the chief merit
for the repeal of this tax.—(Cheers.) My Hon. and Rev.
friend has eulogized his Majes•y's Ministers, and I quite
concur with him that more has been done by the present
Ministry in one session, than by any former Ministry
in years--(Cheers).—but yet, allowing them great praise,
I must also give them some blame, for not having been
less conciliatory with the party who formerly held poo-er,
and for not having (hacked as they would have been by
tile people of England) assumed a bolder attitude, and a
more energetic tone.—(Loud cheers.) It was painful to
me to oppose Ministers upon several occasions ; hut,
respecting them as I did, my constituents occupied the
first place in my affections—(Loud and continued
cheering)—and when I voted against Ministers on
the repeal of time Malt and Window Taxes, and the
shortening the duration of Parliaments, I voted as .1 con-
scientiously believed the majority of my constituents de
sired.--(Loud and long cheers.) I voted also for the
ballot, because, having sat upon an election committee, I
felt the doubts I held quite overcome in examination of
that evidence.—(Loud cheers.) I also disapproved of the
vote of 20 millions in the manner it was voted to corn •
pensate the West India Planters—(Cheers)—not that I
considered no compensation necessary, but I disliked the
loan of 15 millions being metamorphosed into the gift ot
20 millions.—(Loud cheers.) But, gentlemen, emanci-
pation of the negroes is, on any terms, eo grand, se glo-

rictus a measure, that I rejoice at our now being able to
say that not only " Britons never will be slaves," but that
no British subject shall be longer a slave.—(Cheers.)
Another great measure which I consider the present
Government deset yes the thanks of the country for, is the
treat Act destroying the monopoly in commerce of the
Indian world.—(Cheers.) But we have now to look for-
ward to another session pregnant with great measures.
The Corporations, (those last strong holds of corruption,
is they are called,) are to come on trial before the Com-
mons of England. Those mighty questions, Church
Reform—(Cheers)—and adjustment of Tithes—(Loud
cheers)—are to be brought forward by the Government
ind I sincerely trust that they may he dealt with fairly
Ind satisfactorily to the nation at large.—(Cheers.) I
em much connected with church property ; but whilst I
see 44 abuses, the more anxious am I to witness their
reform. Gentlemen, I sincerely believe that, since the
(dose of the session, his Majesty's Ministers have disco-
vered the temper and the feelings of the country, and,
from the reports of various commissions, which I give
them great credit for appointing, I trust they will march
with the people, and, supported by them, bow insigni-
scant will be all opposition.—(Cheers.) The Chairman
has kindly slluded to my constant and close attendance in
Parliament. Gentlemen. when I was sent by an over-
athelming majority of West Somerset electors, to represent
.hem in the reformed House of Commons, it was not to
do as some Hon. Members formerly did, who, perhaps,
had a constituency of a mud Wall, or a green mourn'.
No ! I had no time to lounge in the Parks or streets of
London ; but, representing a constituency of many thou-
.ands, I well knew the imm-nse responsibility of the trust
placed in my hands, and dev-ted my time, and every
enerey of my mind, to your business.—(Cheers.) Gt.n-
tlemen, again let me thank you most cordially for the
honour you have imposed upon me this day; a reward
gratifying, indeed, to a Representative; who, sent free
ind unfettered to the British senate, has humbly, but
honestly, endeavoured to do his duty ; and, regardless of
uarty, to steer the course of a conscientious and inde-
pendent Representative of the people.—(Loud and long
ttheering.) Mr. Tynte concluded by proposing " The
prosperity of the Town of Chard."

Mr. Gott; returned thanks on behalf of the inhabi-
tants of Chird, and spoke of the improved and rising
..minence of the town, and afterwards proposed " E. A.
Sanford, Esq. M. P. for West Somerset," and made some
excellent remarks in defence of that gentleman's conduct
iu Parliament, whose votes he said, though not at all
times in unison with tho-e of his colleague, were, no
10E04, given from motives which the critical nature of
the circumstances of last session justified. Mr. S. had
,t.ered his cnurse during several Paliaments as a firm and
zealous reformer, and had lent his utmost exertions to
forward the Reform Bill. He was sorry that some had
judged rashly, and conclutled harshly respecting his con-
duct ; but the best men were liable to misrepresentatione,
and the most honourable acts and intentions subj ct to
misconstruction and erroneous interpretations.—(Cheers.)
He believed Mr. S. had not changed bis political views
ind character, however some might insinuate to the
contrary.
_ .

Mr. TYNTE, in returning thanks on behalf of his col-
league, spoke in warm terms of Mr. Sanford's anxiety to
serve his constituents, although he (Mr. T.) had heard
him spoken of as to constant a supporter of Ministers.
He called to the recolleetion of the meeting Mr. Sanford's
independent votes against Ministers, on Mr. Tennyson's
motion for shortening the duration of Parliaments, the
grant of 10,0001. to the Irish clergy, and other occasions.
—(Hear, hear.) He (Mr. T.) valued Mr. Sanford sincerely
as a private and intimate fiend, and as his colleague he
could state, that he was always most ready to promote the
interests of the county.—(Hear, hear.)
" The healths of the gentlemen present from other
towns."—Mr. CROSS briefly replied, after whom
Mr. CRInLAND expressed himself highly pleased at the
powerful feeling shown on the present occasion in favour
if his Hon. Friend Mr. Tynte. He was one who called
himself, without vanity, an independent freeholder; and
none was more happy than himself to witness so respect-
able and intelligent a body of the same class there ass in-
bled.—(Cheers.) His situation in life often called him
amongst the yeomanry of the county; he knew the general
feeling of that respectable class to be in behalf of Mr.
Tynte.—(Cheers.)
Mr. BALL replied at great length to the last toast, with
great power of oratory and force of language, of which hut
an outline can be given. He congratulated the people of
Chard in having taken the lead in returning Mr. Tynte,
by means of their zealous exertions, and in thus testifying
their approbation of his conduct—(Cheers)—and hoped
in this respect Taunton would not follow far behind ; for
he was a member not only deserving the thanks of the
county, but of the whole people of England. The present
was a very important occasion, because it showed what
course of public conduct Mr. Tynte's constituents wished
him to pursue; for although they might be attached to
the present Ministry, they were not such ministerialiats
as to cease to be zealous reformers. —(Cheers.) For him-
self he belonged to no party but the people of England;
fur " Party was the madness of many for the gain of the
few." What good had parties done this country? What
did the Padres or Foxites, or other parties, distin.
guished by good names, do for the country. while con-
tending nightly in the arena of the House of Commons?
Did they not sacrifice the good of the people to the re.
nown of their useless coraentions, and the display of their
oratorical collisions ? For himself he placed no confidence
in a Whig or a Tory Ministry as such ; nor would he, on
that account, submit to be called radical in the sense
generally attached to the appellation. The term was
meant by many to stigmatise the advocates of Reform as
destructive; but he would advise tbem to reject it as
applied to them, and claim to be called Reformers—
(Cbeers)—for that was the name they held once, and why
should they not retain it?—(Cheers.) As using the Reform
Bill for the grand ends and purposes for which it was
intended, they were still entitled to the dignified epithet,
and still called on to exemplify its significance by the
strength of their moral energies, and the zeal of their
patriotism, in aiming at further enterprises in the way of
reform. Was it a time for supineness and inactivity, when
two-thirds of the community were compelled to support a
church establishment, from which they conscientiously
dissented ? Should he he told that they ought to be
thankful for the immunities and toleration they en-
joyed
? Toleration, indeed ! Would any man dare to
breathe in his face that foul and intolerable word ?
(Cheers.) What, one worm telling another that he
tolerates him to do what his conscience dictates to be
right ? An no man can act by proxy in the affairs of his
salvation, shall any Lord or B shop arrogate the preroga.
tives of the Deity, and tell others they have a right to
dictate what they must believe?—(Cheers.) He wondered
they had not the audacity to pass Acts of Parliament
which should forbid tie Deity from hearing the prayers of
all but their own church. Speaking of tithes, Mr. B.
said it was a matter which interested not only the agri-
culturist, but the manufacturer and commercialist, and
aff'cred all other classes of society, more or less. To
remove the corn laws without altering those which related
to tithes, would be injustice, and the latter would press so
heavily as to place the nation under great disadvantage
from foreign c impetition. With regard to the right of
legislative interference on tithe,, as the Government had,
at diff rent times, repeatedly interfered, and repeatedly
altered the laws affecting them, no reason could he offered
why they should not do it again.—(Cheers.) This subject
Mr. B. billowed up with much Allay anal sound argu
ment, which time and space will nor allow us to give. Mr.
B. concluded by expressing a warm eulogy on the conduct
of Mr. Tynte, and confidently hoped he would, by one
united di .rt of the electors, be returned to another Parlia
ment wittieut expense.—(Great cheering.)
Mr. JAMES, of Glastonbury, followed. Although he
had clime which required his attention at home, i.e felt
the call to meet his friends on that occasion to be inn
perative ; and that, in coming the distance lie had for
that purpose, he had performed his duty, and felt highly
gratified at the proceedings of tne day --(Cheers.) H.
had, some time ago, gone to the House of Commons,
where he saw Mr. Tynte ~nd another gentleman in an
anti-room, who, pointing to him, sail, " there is you,
Merwier ; and, although I Am no prophet, I will ven•uie
to say that, should his lae be prolonged, he will for many
years retain his seat ; for I never knew .1 more zealous,
active, or indefatigable representative, and I have no domh
he will some day be a great Statesmata."—(Cheers.) 0
the last election be was one of the retained agents of Mr.
(Tmy ntit)ete,
pwarhte n
of
hies
ocptpm,,tneesnt
tws
;as.
and
ub
en fawitirmainddp
ieddigscerie:litablt
under the feeling recom ended by Mr. B.l', that on the
next occasion for a contest, he would be the grituitou
agent of that gentlemen.—(Great cheering.) Mr. Jam..
concluded by complimentine. the President on his maid,
conduct in time cau-e of reform in the town of Chart
notwithstanding the abuses and aspersions of his enemies
Mr. FLIGHT. of Bridport, also briefly replied, and gay.
the health of Sir Henry Parnell.
Mr. TYNTE proposed the health of the Rev. President,
who briefly replied.
Mr. CROSS then rose to propose a zealous friend and
stanch supporter of Mr. Tynte, and one who had r
veived his full share of slander for the honest part that t.
had taken, he meant Mr. East.—This toast was received
with deafening applause.
Mr. EAST rose to reply—He had never appeared before

ssq
his friends with greater pleasure and latisfacthinihan be
did on the present occasion.i,Tha-y shoUld PC). by
which i.e would he tried as to his exertions in of
reform ; he considered that he bad merely dorte.-sibit was
the duty of eve!), honest min, that of. acting siplo and
:upporting his principles ; le bad certainly acteitzayith-
,ut caring one jot for the 'tiictions .of. thip-9nrrir that
man, or without any regard 'to whit.ra* tby clia-ged
against him to-day or to-morrow; -a, folluued
that feeling which dictated to him that his heart was
right in the cause. Mr. East then gave some account of
the kind reception which he had experienced in town
from the Hon. Member, and the very high eulogiums
which he had beard passed on his Parliamentary character.
In reverting to the disturbances which had taken place
in Chard, Mr. East very powerfully vindicated him-
self from the many calumnies which had been cast
upon him.—(Elear, heir, hear.) He was gratified,
indeed, upon the present occasion to wi.ness,
in spite of the efforts which had been made to
disappoint the present meeting, that so many of the most
infl.iential and intelligent inhabitants of Chard and its
neighbourhood would attend. Here they were as re-
formers, met for the purpose of discussing their opinions,
in the presence of their representative, in order that he
might ascertain their real sentiments. Mr. East next
ent red into a discussion on the subject of tithes. He
would he glad to know if Henry the Eighth aced with
the rights of a monarch, when he sequestered them ? If
so, they may again be subject to the same control by
William the Fourth ; lint if they had been int. rfered with
wrongfully, then the present posst ssors could nor, in
justice, lay claim to them. He considered that the Go.
vernment
t had h
eothneor not done so
day,
ay, Lord much a
Jahn Russell
Russsi t ought.
ell
ha A
ds,
idt
thatPly-
mouth,he
supposed Lord Althorp would sake the ass mil taxes into
consideration. Tnis, he maintained, wis net enou:.ll—
it was grievous to find the inequalities in
taxation. Claret and Champagne were taxed 15 per
cent., whilst brandy bore a duty of 500 per cent. Was
this right no.) After addressing them at consi-
derable length, he stated that he hoped Mr. Tyne won't'
carry back to the Parliament the feelings and sentiments
of his constituents, on the subjects which had been dis-
cussed to-night.

Mr. TYNTE proposed the " Liberty of the Press."
Mr. PENNY—i wish I could bring my mind to be-
' lieve, that the same unanimous feeling which prevails in
this company towards the welfare of the press, was
equally cherished by our fellow-countrymen : for be as-
sured. Sir, that amidst the manifold institutions of rem
country, there is none so nearly Allied to true Itberty,
there is none so sensitively controlled by the dictates of
truth and morality, as the press.—(Clieere.) It is a
mockery to associate the press with any restrictions ; and
those who would attach the spirit of liberty on one side,
arid the weieht of licentiousness on the other, argue, I am
inclined to think, more after the dictates of fashion than
the honest feelings of friendship.—(Applause•.) It has
been grievous, Sir, of late, to witness the crusade which
has been made against the Press ; it argues hut feebly for
the intelligence of the age, to find the law of libel scarcely
yet defined in the comprehensive language of common
sense, and the penalties weigh ought to visit the outrage
of justice enforced moat oppressively upon the dictates of
truth; but, Sir, we must hope for better times; we must
await patiently the development of those principles which
will, I trust, establish a barrier between truth anti licen-
tiousness—a citizenship between all lovers of their country,
and an honest pride of national celebrity, fir superior to the
petty intrigues and party feuds of the day. From the li-
berty of the press, Sir, must ever spring the roots of a free
constitution ; without it, the tree of real liberty would
never blossom, nor the bud of national independence ever
bloom ; upon its protection, indeed, depends the just
privileges of the Crown, and the extensive right of the
people; whenever, therefore, this foundation of our bul-
, walks shall he undermined, public liberty will at once
decay, and the safety of our social system will perish
amidst the excesses of a convulsed society. But, Sir, the
freedom of the press cannot be secured, nor its licentious-
ness restrained, by fist:4 burdens; it must be left free to
receive the stamp of public confidence or opprobrium ; and
then upon its own honesty, independence, and talent, it
will depend frit. support. As an individual connected
with the press, I crave not the mantle of tax °ion. I would
seek a better shield to pro•ect my future labours
I would follow the dictates of an independent mind,
and if my judgment should fail, I should at least h ives
some hope from the indulgence of an intelligent
and forgiving public; but if my sheet-anchor was
the monopoly which taxation throws around me,
I should be building my hopes upon a false foundation,
and raising a superstructure which can never stand egainst
the searching test of time. My Hon. Friend, the en-
lightened Member whom we have the pleasure of meeting
to-day, can partake, perhaps, of the feelings by which I on
animated, for he has gone into public life, bearing with
him the suffrages of a free constituency; he has carried to
the Senate of his country the tiiumph of public principle„
and has thrown into the scale of justice the moral %%eight
of his native county—the protestations of his libe►al c in-
stituency—in order to preserve our Constitution, but that,
Sir, is a fact to which future history must do justice, for
we live in times not sufficiently calm to contemplate tbe
independence of those who struggled to preserve liberty in
Ireland, in order to secure freedom at home.—(Hear.)
But another session of this memorable Parliament is
fast approaching. I would not prompt our Membera
to their duty, because I trust they need it not; but,
Sir, I may be allowed to hope that, when our social
hours are past, when time shall have obliterated even
the marks of our feeble efforts in the cause of liberty.),
England will stand erect amongst younger nations,,
wit!: the freedom of her institutions shining in golden
letters on her bright records, and proving, by her station
and example, the blessings which are derived from' the
freedom of debate, the freedom of the press, and the un-
qualified observance of civil and religious liberty. In
conclusion, Sir, I would congratulate Somersetshire upon
her representatives in Parliament. They have fulfilled the
expectations that I hail formed of thsm ; end they will, I
trust, continue to display that moral courage, and that
right good English feeling, which has gain'd for our
common country the envy of the world. But, to return
to the toast now before us ; believe me, Sir, I shall drink
it with pleasure and sincerity; and well am I aware that
if ever the freedom of the press shall be overcome, " We
inay hang our harps upon the willows, for the song of
gladness will no longer be heard in our land."
Mr. GuNte gave " Lord Brougham, and Civil and Re-
ligious Liberty."
Mr. CROSS gave the healths of the " Taunton and
Bridgwater R• formers."

Mr. J. PYKE returned thanks for himself and his
brother townsmen, and said he was proud to acknowledge
the compliment, because they had been amongst the first
to set the example of reform in what was once one of
the roost cot rupt boroughs in the county. It was a source
f the must unfeigned satisfaction to reflect, that through
•Imes of difficulty and danger, surrounded by the most
vto'ent party spirit and Toryism, they had persevered to
the glorious end accomplished by E .1.1 Grey and his cao,
eagoes. Their success had convinced him of otlct great
fact—that reform must always emanate from t'ne people,
and that, to accomplish those objects which reform in
the representation of the country had given them a
I ight to expect, they must be united. I eantit'a, Sir,
said Mr. Pyke, recur to the subject of wlt;.ch I have
been speaking, without recollecting, with sentiments of
esteem and respect, the honoured fstb,, of
the gentleman
whom we have now the pleasure to see amongst us, and
through whose aid we were enabled to effect the great
object of our wishes. I hope, Sir, I shall be permitted
to propose the health of Col. Tynte, so of en returned
as the Member for Bridgwater by the unbought voices of
his constituentti.—.(Loud cheering.)
Mr. PENNy said there was one toast which appeared
to have escaped the Chairman, and before his honourable
lend quitted, he would beg permission to propose it ; he
felt perfectly aware that it would be cordially received by
Tynte as an Englishman, Mr. Gunn as a ScAc'ottan,
.nd it would also have been by Captain Alsir as an Irish.
man, bad he remained a little longer, he meant that
branch of society which was welcomed in all corners of
he world, and without its presence to cheer out quiet
hours, our pilgrimage through life ivould be .me a long
lull night, without even a dream to stir the fancy, or a
feeliog that could agitate the mind_rr The Ladies of
Coard."

The National announces the dissolution of
ri‘ company of prop' ietors, in cons,quence of which it ►ii I
.else to appear al.er this clay. It adds, halves, r, tout a
iew comp:illy has been formed, who, from to morrow, will
tart a jou:nal h lying fur its title Le National de 1834.

We understand that the late Count Funchal
~as bequeathed the bulk of his property to hi., nephew, on
•onili ion that the nephew declares himself in►uiedi tely
io favour of the young Queen ; and that shortly heforc Lis
rath he revoked, with strong expressions of ',grit, a
•oesider.ble legacy he had left to an old friend who ha•t
n part with Dog 4 Miguel His collection of antiquities
Ind natural history, which are valuator and exclusive, he
,ais left to a fr►en t at L abort, on condiiion th it tlie are
'petted to public inspection three da.sa iii the iv. rk , us
-he (-vent of his friend declining to accept t ern on these
-erms, they are to be divided bsitweeli ihe University of
Coimbra and the Academy of 11story at Lisbon.
