SEA-BORNE COALS,

Lord JAMES STEWART presented a petition from
Neith, praying for repeal or rtdoetion of the duty on Sea-
borne Coals; which, after a few words from Mr. TLI(..
N A NT, WA* laid on the table.
NEGRO SLAVERY.

Lord JAMES STEWART presented a petition against
Slavery from Cambridge.
Mr. BLOUNT presented a petition to the same effeci
from the Roman Catholics of Sheffield.

Mr: W YSE presented petitions from Fettled], and from
(Aber places in the county of Tipperary, praying for a re-
psat of tilt 'Union. The Ilea. Mager dwelt upon the

tresses of the people of Ireland, expressing a hope that Go•
vernment would propose some substantive measure for the re-
lief of that country. Un'ess some other Member snore com-
petent than himself—or unlesa Government came forward
with some measure of their own, he wished to be under-
stood as giving notice that upon an early day he should
himself make a motion on the subject.
Mr. C. lIUL\VRR presented a petition from a person
of the name of Hudson, and another of the city of Water-
' ford, against any further grant to the Ordnance of Ireland
(as we understood); the Hon. Gentleman also presented
a petition from West Lone, against slavery.
IRISH LINEN TRADE—RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Sir R. BATESON presented a petition from Alexander
Barrett, a linen merchant, of Dublin, complaining of the
distress of that trade, and attributing it, among other
things, to the wsnt of an additional duty on cotton. Be-
fore 1826 there had been a protecting duty for the trade;
anti the Hon. Gentleman was of opinion'that it had.been of
great service. It now, however, was thrown open, and the
consequence was that though the large capitalist was able
to make a fortune, yet it operated unfavourably with
respect to the working classes. The petition which be
was then presenting was only one of a series which would
be laid before the House after the recess, praying for the
encouragement of that staple manufacture of Ireland;
and he begged to observe, that now that there was such an
attempt making to produce excitement about the repeal of
the Union, the House could not do better than endeavour
to better the condition of the working classes, which would
he the means of ensuring tranquillity to that country.
Mr. MABERLY could not allow the petition to be
read without stating it as his opinion, that the very thing
that was prayed fur would operate as the ruin of the work-
ing classes. What the lion. Gentleman had asked for
was to put a duty on the raw material—on cotton.
Nothing could be more unwise ; and he (Mr. Maberly)
would rather see a bounty than a duty on its importation,
except that the true principle was non-interference alto-
gether.—(Hear, hear.)—When a Committee had sot on
this subject, he had stated in his evidence before that Com-
mittee that Leland would lose its linen trade. And what
was the reason ? Because it was not applying dne skill
in its manufacture, while, on the other hand, England and
Scotland were turning a very close attention to it. The
result of this must be, that the trade would disappear
from Ireland, and it was this, in fact, that was in pro-
gress, and of which the Hon. Gentleman Ivae:complaining.
Sir R. BATESON begged to explain, that he had net
advocated the laying on an additional duty on cotton ; all
he had done was, to state that the petitioner was in favour
of such c measure.

Mr. O'GORIHAN MAHON said that the real history
of any decision in the linen trade, or in any other trade of
Ireland, was the want of capital there, so as to make it
competent to cope with the richer parts of the empire.
As to any excitement nr agitation in Ireland, he denied

that any existed there, if by that term was meant anything
that led to rebellion and insurrection. To be sure, if it
was merely meant that people felt warmly when their in-
terms were concerned, there was no occasion to deny
that ; but in other respects the whole of Ireland was in
state of the profoundest tranquillity ; and he would take
upon himself to say, that that tranquillity had emanated
from the agitation that had previously existed on the ques-
tion of religion, and when agitation was called for and
neuessary. The consequence of what had then been done
was, that now the Orangeman and Catholic were daily
shaking bands, and feuds on the score of religion had en-
tirely ceased.
WAITIIMAN complained of these discussions
upon petitions. He had been attending three or four
nights running to present a petition, and had always found
from lion. Gentlemen indulging in such long speeches,
that before his turn same, the time allotted by the House

for the presentation of petitions bad elapsed. lie must
claim the right, on the part of the people, of having their
petitions heard, if he sat there all night.
HUME said, that when the restrictions on the

linen trade were taken off as respected Scotland, the same
offer WWI ►node to Ireland ; but the representatives of that
country withstood the otter. The consequence was, that
Ireland wa• now feeling the ill effects of that, and her trade
was rapidly slipping into Scotland and the North of
England.

Mr. C. FERGUSON said, that with respect to what
had just dropped from the worthy Alderman, he thought
that unless some other arrangement was made, the
petitions of the people might as well be at once thrown
aside. He hod attended five dap in his place to present
a petition, and though he had always been down at the
House by twelve or one o'clock in the day, and set his
oasis down immediately, he hail no opportunity of so
doing. He therefore trusted that the rule for public busi-
ness to continence at five o'clock, which was now existing,
would undergo some modification and restriction.
The SPEAKER said, that the rule made by the House
was, as he understood it, that he should come down to
the House at three o'clock, and that the public business
should commence at five. But though the presentation of
petitions was interrupted at five o'clock, an opportunity
was again given fur the purpose after the public businCal
was despatched ; and he begged to say that he had never
failed, after the public business was over, to go through
the remainder of the Petition List. With respect to the

Hon. Gentleman, who ;puke last, his name had been in-
cluded in that remainder, and had invariably been called
on.—(Rear, hear.)
Mr. C. FERGUSON had no idea that ha had been
called on after the termination of the public business. It
might not he inconvenient to hint, but he was sure that it
would be to many lion. Gentlemen to wait to so late an
hour.

Sir M. W. RIDLEY bore testimony that he had heard the
Speaker call, perhaps, as many as twenty names Over on
one evening at the close of business, and he (Sir M. W.
Ridley) was the only one present. The non presentation
of petitions, therefore, was lion. Gentlemen's own fault.—
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said that he bad been
prevented staying so late by illness.
The SPEAKER said that Hon. Gentlemen might be
incapacited by illness; but at all events it was possible to
attend, and if any did attend he did it also.—(llear, hear,
and a 1au411.)
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
PATENTS CONTINUATION BILL.

On the motion of Mr. Er.r.rex this Dill was read a
third time and passed.
CONSOLIDATED FUND.

This Bill went through a Committee, the House re-
'tuned, and the report was ordered to be received to-
morrow (this day.)
COLONIAL TRADE BILL.

Mr. C. THOMSON said, that he hall to propose that
this bill should be postponed till after the holidays as there
were many important interests involved in the measure,
end the present Government was anxious to have an oppor_
tunity of giving theta due consideration before they made a
proposition of any measure to the House.
Mr. HERMES had no objection to the postponement,

though Ill! wau sorry that any delayohould take place on

s important a queution. lie could assure the Houle,
however, that the Bill already before it had been fully
considered by the Members of the late Government, and
that every endeavour had been made to meet theinteresta
of time, moat concerned in the measure.

Mr. ROBINSON had one or two queltione to ask, and
he would take this opportunity of doing so. From the
eorrypondenee between the American Minister end Lord
Aberdeen, it appeared that we had conceded to the
United. Stales the principle of a direct intercourse between
the United States and our West India Colonies, Into this •
most injurious arrangement he would not enter at present,
but when the time arrived, he should be able to show iris.
sistibly that to grant such a pi meiple, without equivalent,
was most unadvisable. The late President of the Board of
Trade bail stated, th tt in en doing the Government had
acted on the principles of Ale. Canning and Mr. thiskieson ;
but he denied that this was the case, and he could positively
state that Mr. Ihiskiteoo, shortly before his death, declared
that be never would agree to euc.h an arrangement without
an equivalent, and that it was directly contrary to the feel.
logs of Mr. Canning on the subject. Ile therefore
thought that he bud a right to complain, for in I S'26
Canning, and afterwatde Lord Dudley, had stated that
they never would consent to the concession of that prin-
ciple without an equivalent. On the faith of that asser-
tion the merchants of Canaria arid our Colonies in Nor th
America bad embarked their capital. But row this very
principle wee conceded. lie had rod the correspondence
between Mr. Maclean and the Earl of Aberdeen, and he
could see nothing in it but the greatest arrogance on the
part of America—first making claims to which she had
not the slightest pretence, and then threatening, if they
were not conceded. In his opinion, that correspondence
was a disgrace to the Adminiatsation under which it was
carried on. One of the questions which he wished to ask
of the Right lion. Gentlemen (Mr. P. Thomson) was,
whether the present Government (after the late Govern-
ment had conceded the principle of a direct intercourse
between the United States and Our West India possessions,
reserving to themselves the right of regulating their duties,
as the Americans were to have the right of regulating
theirs) was not aware that Mr. Maclean was re-openine
the negociation, thereby daring—and he used the word
advisedly—to interfere with this Government in the re-
gulation of their duties; and the consequenee of which
would be, that, after the recess, another schedule of duties
would be pot forward? He alto Wished to ask the Bight

Hon. Gentleman below him (Mr. Berries), whether the
late Government bad not written out to the usual officers
at the Canadaa, stating a scale of duties, and that such
were to be considered official? He wished to know po-
sitively if the Right lion. Gentleman sanctioned the
scale of duties which had been sent out to the colonies,
and whether official notice of that scale were sent to
all the colonies, as that to which the Government was
determined to adhere? The lion'ourable Member then
censured in strong terms the conduct of the late Govern•
ment, which, he said, had tended to confer great ad-
vantages on the inhabitants of the United States. Our
Ministers had been completely outdone by the superior
diplomatic skill of Mr. Maclean, who had shown himself
far better informed than our negociators in all that con-
cerned the interest of our Colonies, as well as in all that
concerned the interests of the United States. If there
were any Power of which we ought to be jealous it was
the United States. She already almost equalled this great
maritime country in the extent of her shipping ; and
while the measure under discussion would tend to dry up
one source, anti the principal source of our national
wealth—he meant our shipping, it woulei add 200,000
tons to the shipping of the United States. The lion.
Member concluded by requesting the Government to in-
form him if it was now carrying on negociations with
Mr. Maclean relative to this subject, and he requested his
lion. Friend below him to answer the question he had put
to hint.

Sir H. PARNELL advised his Right Hon. Friend op-
posite (on tits Ministerial bench) not to answer the ques-
tion of the Hon. Member, for it was plainly not their
duty to give him any information concerning an ex-
isting neenciation, which might materially injure its pro-
gress. With respect to the Bill brought is by the Right
Hon. Gentleman the Member for Harwich (Mr. !Terries)
he must oay that it was a direct violation of the Treaty
we had concluded with the United States. There could
be no doubt that negociations were going on, for the
American Minister would nut fulfil his duty if he were
not to endeavour t• atop the progress of the measure. That
negociation must, however, lead to a new transaction.

His Right Hon. Friend could not adopt the principle of the
UN proposed by the Right Hon. Member for Harwich.
Before that Bill could pass, if the Government meant to
pass it, he would call for a copy of the correspondence
between Mr. Maclean and his Majesty's Government.
The principle of the Bill brought in by the Right Hon.
Member for Harwich was the old principle of protection
fur our Colonies and prohibition for other people.
Mr. HERRIES—The question before the House was,
whether or not the Bill should be postponed : and on that
occasion he would not, nor was it fair to discus• the
Principles of the measure. He regretted that having
already spoken, he was unable to answer the observations
of the Hon. Member, as he attacked the Government,
which were as capable of being answered as the remarks
of his Hon. Friend. Ile had never heard statements
more susceptible of being answered, he had never heard
assertions made more contrary to truth, nor bad he ever
heard greater mistakes than had been made and commit-
ted. If he were not prevented by the forms of the
House, he would expose the fallacy of these assertions by
one single circutuatance, and he regretted that he was
unable to do so. Ile denied positively that ever Mr.
Canning had said that he would open the trade of the
Colonies to the Americans. Ile had always stated, that
if the American Govanoment would withdraw its regula-
tions of 1821 and 1823, he would then consider of open-
ing that trade. As to what his Hon. Friend (Sir H.
Parnell) said, he must observe that to declare, during a
pending negociation, that our Government was entirely
in the wrong, was itself highly wrong. Nothing could
be more injurious. He should be ready to demonstrate,
on any proper occasion, that the Americans were alto-
gether wrong and the English Government altogether
right. In fact, the Americans had not a shadow of right
fur their claims. The question was, whether we had a
right to regulate the transfer trade of our own colonies in
relation to a foreign State. Any Minister who should say
that we had not such a power would not be worthy of
holding effice fur a moment. The Right Hon. Gentleman
concluded by apologising for saying so much, and begging
the House not to draw any conclusion unfavourable to his
views fir not having said more, as he was not at liberty to
answer the observations of the two Hon. Members
With respect to the scale of duties mentioned by the Hon.
Alembers, he must say, that no official information could
be given to the colonies that such would be the scale of
duties, because that had to be settled by the Parliament,
and could not be settled by the Comment. At the
same time the persons connected with the colonies, who
had access to the public offices, and must have such access,
ben certainly reason to believe that such a scale would lie
adopted, and they had probably sent such information to
the colonies.

Sir H. PARNELL and Mr. ItoniNsoN explained.

Mr. HUME deprecated the language used by the lion.
Member (Mr. Robinson) as to America, and condemned
the Bill ao contrary to the interest of the United States
and our own West India Colonies.
An 'lox. NIIMItIM hoped that when the Bill was
again brought forward the question would be discussed in
conjunction with the general question, and not on any
partial pound.
Mr. POULETT THOMPSON declined to answer the
question of the Hon. Member, and lamented that he should
have indulged in such language against America. If that
Power has injured us, redress could be better obtained by
calm remonstrance than angry expressions.
The second reading of the Bill was then postponed till
February 11.
