ROYAL-EXCHANGE ASSURANCE OFFICE,

May 22, 1822.
THE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
ROYAL EXCHANGE ASSURANCE do hereby give
Notice, that their TRANSFER BOOKS will be shut, from
THURSDAY, the 13th of June next, to TUESDAY, the
9th of duly following, and that a GENERAL*COUR rof the
said Corporation will be holden at their Office, on WED-
NESDAY, the 19th of June nekt, at Eleven o'Clock in the
Forenoon, to consider of a Dividend.
SAMUEL FENNJNG, Jun. Secretary.

',V The Chair will be taken atTwelve o'Clock precisely.
N.B. Attendance is given, daily, at the said Office, and
at their Office in Pall Mall, for the Assurance of Buildings,
Goods, Merchandize, and Ships, in Harbour, in Dock, or
while Building, from Loss or Damage by Fire and also for
the Assurance of, and granting Annuities on, Lives.

MR. EDITOR—As every atteative observer of
public events, who is in any degree acquainted
with' the history of former times, must be par-
ticularly struck with the resemblance that ours
bear, in many of their most prominent features,
to those which took place in the reign of JAMES
11., I have therefore been induced to lay before
you and your readers sorne extracts from a
history (Dr. IlowEL's iiledul. Ilistor. Angl. with
continuation) published in the time of Queen
ANNE; whose author had witnessed these dis-
astrous measures, in their rise, progress, and fatal
termination. His words a?e—" On the 19th
May, 1685, the Parliament met at Westminster,
.where the King being on the throne, and the
House of Commons attending, the Lord Keeper
told them His Majesty would defer speaking to
them until they had taken the oaths, and that it
was his pleasure they should immediately pro-
ceed to the choice of a Speaker, and they retir-
ing to their House unanimously chose Sir John
Trevor, who was that afternoon presented to the
King. On the 22d he came again to the House
of Lords, whither the Commons being come up,
his Majesty made the following speech :—My
Lords and Gentlemen, after it had pleased Al-
mighty God to take to his mercy the late King,
my dearest brother, and to bring me to the
peaceable possession of the Throne of my ances-
tors, I immediately resolved to call a Parliament,
as the best means to settle every thing upon those
foundations which might make my reign both easy
and happy to you ; towards which [ am disposed to
contribute all that is fit for me to do. What I said
to my Privy Council, at my first coming there, I
am desirous to renew to you; wherein I fully
declared my opinion concerning the Church of
England, whose members have she wed themselves
so eminently loyal in the worst of times, in de-
fence of my father and support of my brother,
of blessed memory; that I ,will always take
care to defend and support it. I will endeavour
to preserve this Government both in Church and
State, as it is now by law established. And as I
will never depart from the just rights and pre-
rogatives of the Crown, so I will never invade
any man's property. And you may be sure that
having heretofore ventured my life in defence of
'this nation, I shall still go as far as any man in
preserving its just rights and liberties. And
having given you these assurances concerning the
care I will have of you'r religion and property,
which I have chosen to do, in the same words
used at my first coming to Oil Crntn, the better
to evidence to you that I spoke them not by
chance, and consequently that you may more
firmly rely upon a promise so solemnly made,"
&c. &c. &c. " 6 But how were these high-sound-
ing protestations sustained by facts? They only
furnished one more example that, in the lan-
guage of the Poet, the voice is but an instru-
ment on which the man can play what tune he
pleases'--'tis in the deed, the unequivocal,
authentic deed, we read plain truth, the language
of the heart.". After innumerable acts of tyranny
and oppression exercised upon the nation, the
Archbishop of Canterbury and six other Bishops
were sent prisoners to the tower, and tried for
high treason, for Only remonstrating against the
proceedings. And the articles of the declara-
tion of the Prince of Orange, invited over
by the nation for its defence and deliverance,
sufficiently demonstate and authenticate the
extent of political enormity to which the Go-
vernment had proceeded.—They are as follow :
—lst. As a Kingdom cannot be preserved in
peace and happiness where the laws, liberties
and customs, established by its lawful authorities,
are openly violated; more especially where the
religion is attempted to be altered, and one con-
trary to law imposed, so those who are most con-
cerned are indispensably bound to endeavour to
preserve and secure them.-2d. For this reason
he (the Prince of Orange) could not forbear de-
claring his regret to see all those subjected to ar-
bitrary Government by those Counsellors that
wholly possess the King.-3d and 4th. Those
Counsellors have set on foot a dispensing power,
which renders the laws for security of liberty and
property ineffectual and useless ; though it is
Most certain laws can only be- repealed by the
same authority that made them.-sth. To give a
colour to their measures they have gained from
the Judges a sentence," that the dispensing power
is a right inherent in the Crown ;" as if twelve
men could give 4 all the rights of the nation, in
spite of the laws passed for their security ;
though this opinion of the Judges, being before.
hand privately agreed on, had raised them to the
Bench, some being removed for resisting it, and
some of their new Judges openly professing the
Popish Religion.-6th. That as his Majesty was
unanimously received and acknowledged as King,
though professing the Popish Religion, he, at his
coronation, solemnly swore to maintain his sub-' -
jects in their rights and liberties, particularly
that he would maintain the Church of England,
as established by law, yet these evil Counsellors
have annulled and abrogated all those laws, both
in ecclesiastiCal and civil employments.--7th. In
ecclesiastical affairs, they have set up a commission
for certain persons to have their cognizance and di-
rection, though one of these is a professed ,Papist ;
the Church being subjected in all things to these
Commissioners,who submit in all things to these evil
Counsellors, that carefully raise to Ecclesiastical"
dignities none but such as have no zeal for the
Protestant religion. They have suspended the
Bishop of London, only for refusing to suspend
a worthy Divine without formal process. They

have turned out a resident of Magdalen College,
and afterwards all the fellows, without so much
as citing them to appear at a legal Court for
their defence ; and this College since put in pos-
session of Papists. Bth, churches and chapels
for the -Popish religion ; monasteries and. con-
vents, especially_ of Jesuits, although expressly
forbid by the law of the land, yet have been by
these evil Counsellors set up ; and further, one
of the Jesuits has been made Privy Counsellor
and Minister of State; which evidently shews
that no laws or rules bind them, &c. 9th, In
civil affairs they followed the same practises, for
they examined all Lords Lieutenants, Deputy
' Lieutenants, and Justices of Peace in each
county, and those who out of conscience refused
to concur were turned out of commission, and
others, in many places professed Papists-put in,
more compliant with their designs. 10th,They have
invaded the privileges and seized tin the Charters
of most towns that send Members to Parliament,
and placed there new Magistrates as they thought
fit, &c. &c. 11th, They have admitted only
such persons to the Bench as would conform to
their intentions, without any regard to abilities,
by which it is apparent they design to make
themselves masters of the lives, honours, and
estates of the subject, without regard to the
equity of the cause, or conscience of the Judges,
whom they make to submit to their will in
all things ; and hope by those means to intimi-
date those who are now in t. mployment, as well
as those that shall hereafter he put in their room ;
also-much blood has been shed in the kingdom
by Judges
,governed by these evil Counsellors,
against the rules and forms' of law. 2-12. The
military employments, both by sea and land, have
been, contrary to law, put into the hands of
Papists ;4so that, having made themselves masters
of the affairs of the Charchritlie Government of
the Nation—the Courts of Jpdicature, and sub-
jected all to a despotic and arbitrary power, they
might be able to maintain it, and execute their
wicked designs by the assistance of the army,
and thereby enslave the nation.—l 3. The dismal
effects of this subversion of laws, liberties, &c.,
appear; 14 what we see done in Ireland, where
the whole government is in the hands of Papists,
several of the Protestants having left their habi-
tations and estates, remembering the cruel mas-
sacre of 1641. (What would he have said had
he lived in our times, and heard of the ravages
and infernal butcheries of the late Insurgents in
the south-west counties—all Papists to a man ?)
—l4. These evil-counsellors have prevailed with
the King to declare in Scotland, that i 4 he has
an absolute power; and that the subjects are
bound to obey him without reserve ; which spews
what England must expect, when things are pre.
pared for it," &c. &c. The consequence of all
this is well known : his nephew and son-in-law,
(afterwards William III.) with his daughter
Mary, were invited to take possession of the'
Throne and Royal power he had dishonoured
and abused ; and all his hypocritical and tardy
retractation of some of his tyrannical proclama-
tions and atrocities were rejected with- scorn, and
he and his issue being Catholics, were abjured and
expelled from Britain and Ireland for ever:
Now although in the present crisis measures have
not been carried quite to these extremities, yet
we see the train is openly laid, and the most ap-
palling advances have been made to this fatal
consummation. A Revolution, of a most porten-
tous and terrific nature, has in fact be-gun,,—re-
trograde steps back to the house of bondage have
been taken by many,—the most slavish principles
have been openly advocated by numbers,—and
in the lower House of Parliament more thathance
have decided majorities been obtained for ad-
mission again to all Legislative and political au-
thority and office, members of that intolerant,
cruel and remorseless association termed the Ca-
tholic Church of Rome, who openly avow and
boldly justify all that their predecessors did, re-
assert all the claims to exclusive power that were
ever made, fearlessly declaring these principles
are unaltered and unalterable. Besides the
danger that threatens the State at home, who can
see the wily and sophistical advocate of this
abhorred communion going out as Governor over
all that is left of Great Britain's commercial and
colonial grandeur, the now flourishing empire of
Hindoostan, without feeling the most anxious
solicitude and gloomy forebodings ? Will not all
that has been accomplished by the labour and
policy of W. Hastings, Cornwallis, 'Wellesley,
-and the present noble minded Viceroy ; all the
unexampled moral, intellectual and literary
triumphs of the new Ecclesiastical establishment,
aided by the various Missionary Societies, in
ameliorating and christianizing the Hindoos,
Chinese, &c., be blasted by the admission into
office and authority over the scenes of their labours,'
of avowed Papists,? It was the slanderous and
malignant insinuations of Romish Jesuitical
emissaries and propagandists, (as is well known)
which, operating on the natural jealousy of that
semi-barbarous Government, have rendered abor-
tive all The splendid Embassies of Great Britain
to China, from Lord Macartney down to this
day : and has excluded the translation of the
Scriptures, and all other Christian publications,
from one third of the human race. Witness the
falsehoods and misrepresentations of Abbe Du-
bois, of the Syrian Christians in. Malabar, &c.
whom the Bishop _of Calcutta and others have
visited and completely vindicated. And thus
the presentsflourjshing and prosperous state of
the East India Company's possessions will be en-
dangered, paralysed, and ruined ; as we see pro-
posed to be done at home, by surrendering the

.. • .
Shipping Interest, carrying trades and every
principle of our Maritime Code, inttithe hands of
foreigners. In short the men that propOse to re-
establish in reality (under the cant phrase of con-.
dilation and liberality) the tyranny of. Rome,
have contrived to close the most victorious war this
nation ever waged, by accepting terms for which
defeat only could apologize. We are threatened
also, after a most plenteous harvest, with the. high
prices and miseries of famine ; and that bounty
of heaven itself impiously charged as the causes
under the new-invented term of " over-produc-
tion." It is high time, therefore, for the nation
to wake from its dream of apathy, and to shew
that decided detestation of these ruinous measures,
which no Parliament will dare to oppose or des-
pise. In fact, it is not the mere defeat of this
Motion for Catholic Peers that will preserve and
ensure the nation's prosperity. While the mem-
bers of the Romish Conclave, the Sovereign
Pontiff and his College of Cardinals, continue,
with their numberless agents and dependents in
every christian country, there ,will NI no peace
nor safety for Britain, for Europe, for mankind.
They must be extirpated and annihilated ; and
the society for establishing universal peace must
see that this is the great leading measure Which
will render all their other labours of love effi-
cient and finally successful.
I am, respectfully, your's,
ANTIPAPA.

Nay 23, 1822:

• CITY, MONDAY EVDNINO.

Several Foreign Mails have arrived since Saturday, and let-
ters have been received from various quarters In Europe.—
From Constantinople they are dated 25th and 26th April.
These cOmmunicate information of a more pacific nature
than usual. They mention that the Austrian Internuncio had
withdrawn his interference in the disputes betwixt Russia
and Turkey; but that the REIS EFFENDI had condescend-
ed to answer the last note of his BRITANNIC MAJESTY'S
Ambassador on the same 'subject. This answer is report.
ed to repeat, but in softer language, the contents of the cele-
brated one, "dated the 28th February. In it the SULTAN
assures his friend that Wallachia and Moldavia shall be
evacuated, the Christian churches rebuilt, and all the other old
promises realized as soon as possible. It was further rumoured,
that the Turkish troops were actually withdrawing from these
two provinces, and that a Greek deputation had arrived
from them, soliciting the SULTAN nest to appoint the Hos-
podars from Greeks, born at Constantinople, in conformity with
the Russian treaty, but to elect a Council of native born
Greeks for their future Government. This last rumour must
throw great doubt on the Whole, for it is extremely improbable
that any deputation of Virallacluan or Aloldavian Greeks would
proceed to Constantinople in order to thwart the views of
the Emperor ALEXANDER, who had taken up arms in
their defence. From Smyrna, a letter dated 17th April gives
a horrible description of the barbarities committed at Scio.—
The number butchered in the town was-,..lealated at 15,008
men, and all the women and children had been carried into
slavery ! ! All who could escape had gone to the mountains ;
but, being unarmed, they could scarcely be expected to
make any thing like a successful resistance. At Smyrna no
Greek dared to appear abroad, for his destruction would be
certain. There' is no enormity which the Turks have not-
been guilty of towards the deeply injured descendants of the
civilizers of mankind; and little credit can now he given to the
lately-reported humanity of the Capitan Pacha. The barbari,
ans are, however; strenuously supported by the Holy Alliance
and by their friends—the British Administration.—From Ham-
burgh the letters are dated on the 21st May. The Exchange
'on London for Paper, at two months, was 36. 10i. and 37.
for short dates. There was much money on all places, par-
Ocularly on Paris, Amsterdam, and Leghorn. Bills were
also much wanted on Madrid. Gold was 104, and discount
three per cent. Reports were generally peaceable. Trade was
as dull as possible, and the' weather very fine.—Froth Amster=
dam the dates are to the 25th current. The Exchanges and
foreign Securities were' the same as quoted by the preceding
mail. Markets for all kinds of Colonial produce were uncoma
monly heavy.—From St. Petersburgh, the letters are dated the
sth May. The rumours then were all warlike, and the Ex..
change liad• fallen 'to 9 nine-sixteenths. The Inscriptions,
which the last advices quoted 102, had fallen to 100. The Six
per cent... Metallics 911. Tallow cannot be imported into Eng-
land under 401: a ton, but the quantity already here is large.--4
' This was a holiday, and both,the Bank of England arm the
Stock Exchange were closed. In the public funds very little
business was done; and the Consols remained steady at 80 44
being from to dearer than at the closing on Saturday. The
rumours of the maintenance of peace caused this small ad-
vance. The new plan of the Ministers for raising money has
no effect either one way or the other, for ninny hope that'the
House of Commons will not sanction any thing so absurd and
useless as the scheme is. It is neither' more nor less than an
annual issue of Exchequer Bills, for the next sixteen years :
and it will save great expence to the nation so to describe the Bill.
The French Rentes have risen to 89. 30. TheiPrussian Fives
are quoted at 86f. Old Columbian Bonds 100.—Six per cent.
Bonds 841 ; and the Scrip 85i I. Spanish Old Bonds 62 ;
and the New Bonds 63 f. Danish Fives 85 ; and Neapolitan
71i. Nothing is doing in Austrian or Russian-public Securities.
At the Corn Exchange there is a very large arrival of all kinds
of grain, and the trade gets worse. Wheat is fully 2s. cheaper,
and Pease and Beans have declinedalso Is. to2s. a quarter. The
quantity of. wheat fresh arrived is 11,404 quarters, of barley
3,358, and' of oats 34,761 quarters ; of this supply 2,500 qua_
tens have arrived from the centre of Irish -distress. The
Courier this evening gives a lamentable, but not a surcharged,
description 'of Irish misery.. The people are now suffering
mall the calamities of famine and of pestilence. Famine has
been produced not from any want of the necessaries of life,
but 'from .the want of productive , Labour for the people.—
,
From Norfolk, Lincoln, Suffblk, and all the Corn Counties in
England, theletters received this morning 'advise lower prices,
large quantitiei of every thing necessary for the happiness of
man at market, and wretchedness and starvation amongst the
peasantry. Neither the new Corn Bill, nor the, new mode of
raising money, nor any thing done this Session of Parliarnent
by, the English Ministers, can in the slightest degree remedy
these evils. A far more liberal, extended anti comprehensive
policy must be adopted, else the distress 'must annually in-
,crease. The people of England, however, will now soon see
how incapable the present Catholic and Anti-Catholic Admi-
nistration is of conducting successfully the affairs of a great
and enterprising empire. There is scarcely one general prin-
ciple of policy in which they are unanimous, excepting it he in
extravagant expenditure of the public money, and in a deter-
mined reluctance to foster the rising liberties and happiness of
mankind.—( ilforning Chronicle.)

CE I •
PREVENTIVE Po L .—_un....ay, upwards of one
hundred police-officers and dismounted patrols paraded Spital-
fields, Bethnal-.—reen, Hackney-road, and the surrounding
neighbourhood, the whole of the day, to prevent the usual
assemblage for dog-fighting and bullock-hunting. We under-
stand this force is to be continued for several months, in order
effectually to stop the numerous disorders that have taken place
of late in that part of the town.
FATAL ACCIDENT.—Mr. BARNARD WEDDELEY,
of the Hampstead-road, died on Saturday night from the injuries
he sustained in having his gig turned over on his return from
_Epsom Races, on Thursday. The accident was occasioned by
the chaise getting foul of another at the foot of West Minster-
bridge, when both were overturned, and Mr. Weddeley was
taken up senseless, besides having his collar-bone broke. His
wife and son, who were with him, escaped unhurt.
