COMMON COUNCIL -(THIS DAY.)

A Court was convened this morning, for the purpose of
considering various matters of public importance ; among
others, to consider the propriety of obtaining a piece of
ground out of the city, to bury per sons in, who may die
of the cholera morbus ; also on matters of some interest
connected with the Bill for regulating the City Police.
The Lord Mayor was not pre,ent, owing to illness. It
was stated that his Lordship was better.
Alderman WOOD was locum tenens for the Lord Mayor.
The Worthy Alderman, on taking the chair, said, that as
a subject connected with the City Police stood for discus-
sion this day, and in which his character as a putrlin man
and an Alderman might he a matter of consideration, he
biped the Court would allow him to state his opinion as
though he was not in the Chair.—(hear.)
A petition was presented from many inhabitants of the
Ward of Farringdon Within, praying the Court not to
rescind the resolutions that had been passed against allow-
itrg the carrying-on of business in Farringdon-market on
Sunday mornings.
The petition was refused.
STATE OF LONDON-BRIDGE.

Mr. LEGGE rose to present a petition which he consi-
d .red of considerable importance. It related to the state
of the new bridge. He was not a bridge builder, but
had himself gone over the bridge work and found many
openings in the stones—others removed and out of their
places. The bridge was defective, and was increasing.
The City cost had been expended, and the petitioner c tiled
for a Committee to undertake a fresh survey of the work.
The petitioner was then called, and his petition read.

It stated, that the defects in the bridge were increasing.
Mr. JEFFREY, the petitioner, regretted that some
one more competent than himself had not undertook
this business. There had been a report made that the
bridge was just as it ought to be; hut the fact was, that
the bridge was getting worse and worse. There had been
a material sinking since his last complaint.
(LEFT SPEAKING.)

SHIPPING IN TELLIGENCE -(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JULY 25.—Wind N.N.E.—Arrived from the
river the Golconda, Stewart, for Bombay.
JERSEY, JULY 22.—Arrived the Twig, Melia, and St.
Aubin, Carrel, from Archangel.
GLOUCESTER, JULY 25.—Arrived the Heiress, Mor-
den, from Licata.

LIVERPOOL, JULY 24.—Arrived the Regulus, Willis,
and Aliquis, from Quebec.
GREENOCK, JULY 23.—Arrived the Maria, from Que•
bec ; and Union, Alexander, from Archangel.
Coax, JULY 23.—Arrived the Margaret Ritchie, Clarke,
from Bay Chaleur.
ABERDEEN, JULY 23.—Arrived the Margaret, Bous-
kell, from Narva.

UUI L, JULY 24.—Arrived the Thomas and Robert,
Dryden, from St. Petersburgh.

YARMOUTH, JULY 25.--Arrived the Eirl of Mar,
Martin, from Riga. Off port the Pursuit, Tait, from
St. Petersburgh.

The Hector, Field, from Jamaica, and the Crescent,
From Trinidad, are supposed to be arrived in the Channel.

CHOLERA MORBUS, OFFICIAL REPORT.

CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

COUNCIL OFFICE, WHITEHALL.—(THIS DAY.)
DAILY REPORT of CHOLERA CASES.
COUNTRY.

Remaining at last Report, 1158 —New Cases, 447—Deaths,l42—
Recovered, 311—Remaining, 1152. Total Cases since the com-
mencement, 21,864—Deaths, 8,169.
(Signed) WM. MACLEAN, Secretary.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

GENERAL AVERAGE ritict; Ok BRITISH CORN,
For the Week ended July 20, 1832, made up from the Returns
of the Inspectors in the di flerent Cities and Towns in England
and Wales, per Imperial Quarter.
Wheat.-- 635. 7d.1 Oats 21s. 3d.1 355. Ild.
Barley--. 335. 2d. Rye 3; s. 7d. Pease— 38s. Id.
IMPERIAL AGGREGATE AVERAGES OF THE SIX WEEKS PRECEDING.
Od.l Oats 21s. 4d.18ean5,..—....355. 91.
Barley 335. Id.l Rye 355. 6d 1 Pease.---. 35s Ild.

DUTIES ON FOREIGN CORN.
£3d.l Oats 15s. 3d.1 16s. 9d
4d.Barley 12s. 1 Rye --. 16s. 9d.1 16s. 9d.

)
i..4.......5
) ,::::
_--.,:41 4, ;4;
, „
..
(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) • 411110a.ija
PORTSMOUTH, JULY 25.
A person has obtained the sanction of the Admiralty to
descend, by means of air pipes, to the wreck of the Boyne,
late of 98 guns, which, it may be in the recollection of
many, caught fire by accident at Spithead, on the Ist of
May, 1795, at eleven in the morning, drifted from her
in orings, and finally blew up, about six in the evening
of the same day, opposite Southsea Castle. At low water
the wreck is approached at about two or three fathoms.
A ladder of sufficient length reaches the wreck front a
ve,sel moored over. The person descends, his head en-
Moped in a large leaden mask, with glass eyelets, pro-
tected by small brass bars, his body covered with an In-
dia+) rubber dress, leaving his hands perfectly free, as also
his legs and feet. By this means he traverses the wreck,
and has been enabled to suspend a few 24 pounders, which
were hoisted into the vessel above. This afternoon, he
discovered what it is supposed was the captain's (the late
8 r George Grey, Bart.) wine-store. He first brought
.ip one bottle, then two; be then took down a basket,
which he filled, and finally brought up 21 bottles—claret
aoil port, which of course have been immerged in salt
eater for the last 37 years. He refused on the deck of
the vessel 20s. a bottle for it, but handsomely tapp.d one
by way of taster for the bystanders. HIM agreement with
Government is to have all he causes to be brought up,
except the copper, which is to he deposited in the Dock-
yard, for which he will be allowed the usual salvage. An
immense number of boats, chiefly filled with ladies, at-
t'nd every day. The bottles are covered with immense
barnacles.

",/

/,

DESCENT TO HIS► MAJESTY'
BOYNE.

ASSIZES-(RECEIVED THIS DAY.)

WORCESTER WEDNESDAY, JULY 25.

Charles Hod kiss, a boatman, was indicted for the
wilful murder of Francis Wassail, in the parish of Kid-
derminster.

William Cook, a boatman, was also charged with the
murder, but was admitted as evidence against the prisoner.
William Edwards, a labourer, on Slturday morning,
the 14th of July, passed the basin of the Worcester and
Staffordshire canal; I vaw a body floating in the water.
I called to a person named Edward Barnet, and with his
as istance I moored the body to a boat. It was dressed
in an old flannel frock and a hat, and was the body of
Francis Wassell.

Edward Barnet, waterman, and Thomas Turner, con-
stable, corroborated the witness's btatein nt.

Joseph Longmore, a boatman, at Kinfer, reclllecred
that on Monday the 9th of July, about four o'clock in
the evening, he was on the road about thirty yards on the
',tiler side of Kinfer lock. The prisoner came up to him
and was very fresh. The prisoner said to witness,
" Frank Wessell, I'll pay your devil for you now." Wit-
ness ran across the road, and the prisoner followed him
about two boats length. He (rhe prisoner) fell down on
his hands and knees. Witness told him that he had done
nim no harm. Prisoner came up to him and said, "It is
not you that I want—l want Frankey Wessell; I'll be his
butcher before the week is out." He said he was going to
have seven or eight quarts of ale, and witness might have
some of it if he liked.

William Maysfield, a post-boy, was returning home with
40me horses, at twelve o'clock, on Tuesday night, the
10th, and took his horses to water in the Stour. lie
tieard a man cry " Murder." The noise appeared to be
the water near the bridge.
By the JtinGE—l afterwards passed two men on the
road talking together, whom I did not know ; one was
Iressed in a short smock frock, and the other in short blue
jacket.

Thomas Maysfield, father of the last witness, who we.
,*waiting his return, corroborated his testimony as to heal -
ing the cry of "Murder."
Other witnesses having been examined,
William Cook (the accomplice) was examined at great
len-zth, and on his re-examination
The Learned JUDGE stopped the case and addressed
the Jury. He stated to them, that when evidence of this
lescription was received it was expected that the witness
.heuld give a true account of the whole of his concern in the
transaction, and also that his account should, in every
respect, corroborate the testimony of witnesses of credit
.vho had been examined. If the Jury considered that this
'sad not been done, and they were not satisfied with the
evidence as affecting the prisoner, they could now atop the
proceedings.

The Jury found the prisoner Not Guilty.
The hearing of this case occupied nearly five hours.

THE CHOLERA.

ST. GILES'S.—The disease has not diminished here ;
bodies are conveyed from the hospital in George.street to
t place of interment at St. Pancras every day : eight
vere buried on Monday, and five on Tuesday ; up to nine
yesterday morning there had been three more deaths, and
16 patients surviving ; three or four of those were not ea-
,►ected to live till sun-set.

The disease, although abated in some parts of- the me-
•xopulis, increases in others ; in the parish of Upper Ald-
4ate the deaths have not been near so numerous during the
past week, whilst the lower parish, and those contiguous
to the water side, have been more or less infected with the
nalady. In the neighbourhood of Queenhithc Ward 50
persons have been attacked within these three weeks past,
out of which number not more than seven or eight have
been saved.
The several fatal cases which have occurred to the mem-
bers of the Stock Exchange have generally been after their
departure from home, the members principally living in
the environs of town.

SIR M. TIERNEY'S COACHMAN.-The paragraph that
appeared in a morning contemporary, stating that Sir
Matthew Tierney's coachman had fallen a ♦ictim to the
,;bolera tnorbus, is without foundation; both Sir Mat-
thew's coachmen are in perfect health, and not one of the
servants have been in the slightest degree attacked.
It is a singular fact that during the week before
last, when mortality from the cholera was so much pre-
vailing, not a single death took place in the Middlesex
Hospital; a very rare occurrence in an establishment
raking in such numberless accidents.

r

(FROM A CORRESTONDENT.)-The notion that the
cholera !nulity' will become acclimated in our latitudes
(like the small-pox and other diseases which were once
new in Europe) seems to prevail generally, and to produce
lamentable inattention to the measures which have been
recommended to check the spreading of the disease.
Although it may not be necessary to enforce the separation
of the sick from the healthy, nor to appoint officers to
enter dwellings where deaths may have occurred, and by
'orce to burn, fumigate, and purify, as they see fit, it
would be well to name an officer in every district to visit
every place where a corpse has been removed, and to offer
:iis advice as to what it would be expedient to do to eradi-
cate the germs of the disease ; and where parties are not,
from pecuniary circumstances, in a situation to follow the
advice given, to offer assistance, and make some compen-
,ation for the articles it may seem expedient to destroy.
In St. Bride's parish, a man residing in Dawes-court, Gun-
powder-alley, was attacked with the disease, and died
About a fortnight ago. After a lapse of ten days the wife
was attacked, and she also died, upon which the parish
ifficers, much to their credit, stepped in, and purchased
the furniture of the room from the relatives, in order that
it might be burnt, and the further spread of the disease,
'rom this source, at least, be checked. The two poor
•irphan children were passed to their parish.—Morning
Herald.

The cholera, which made its appearance in Newark
'ome time ago, seems now entirely erased, as there have
been no symptoms of it there for m❑ny (lays.
In one instance of death from the epidemic it was occa-
iioned by eating a hearty supper of lobster, of which the
gentleman was particularly fond.
A more than ordinary number of deaths have taken
place in the parishes of Westgate and 'St. Dunstan within
the last ten days. We have made every inquiry, and are
happy to find that the disease with which the persons were
attacked was not cholera, but promoted by an excess of ye-
!etable diet, dram-drinking, or irregular babits.—Kentish
(Canterbury) Chronicle.
The Moniteur attributes the increase of the cholera to
the changes of the temperature, and the use of fruits and
cold drinks. Its re-appearance, it observes, does not sur-
prise any one who has noticed its march from India to
France. In all the towns through which it has passed, a
tirst invasion, always destructive and long, has invariably
been followed by another leas violent and of shorter dura-
tion. Hence we may draw the consolatory inference, that
the last phase of the cholera now prevalent will not be
nearly so long or so terrible as the former.
SIMPLE PREVENTIVES.—Strong coffee, by its warm and
aromatic qualities, is calculated to give tone and vigour to
the stomach ; while for occasional cramp or spasms In that
organ, strong ginger is often found an effectual remedy.

There is some talk in the military circles of
the probability of an increase to the army of 10,000 men.
The public are perhaps not aware that his
Royal Highness the Prince ALnmar of Prussia has been,
with his suite, several days at the Ro)at Hotel incognito.
They have gone on a tour to the Highlands, and intend re-
turning in a fortnight.—.Caledonian Mercury.

•
. ----
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. discreditable imputation, we are bound to ac- wrong never was resisted by the English nation. this point of view, even the policy which might POLICE INTELLIGENCE. (her appearance indicated sickness and distress)
,
.._____„,„ • she was a stranger here, and, with three young chit"
-....--- knowledge that nothing has yet appeared The resources of the English nation have never not be jiivourablydisposed towards the origin of
MA RLB ORO UGH-STREET. S TREE T.
When the Doke of Wellington, after having ,o exculpate them from the charge of revolting been expended in so holy a cause. Indeed our the •present French Government and its basis, A little bandy-legged fireman-waterman, bearing no, ,she
somethingeo u l d t o nota s setsiassist
othuetnolnnisiutehhe arnjnodu.rney with-
allowed the English and Scotch Reform Bills feebleness, on a comparison of their formal de- blood and our treasure have hitherto been wasted roust, however, wish to see that Government, as the palatable name of Raspberr, was escorted into dreßnrooks, the beadle, did not mind giving her a
elarations with their subsequent of mankind-in one notoriously friendly to order and tranquillity, the office apoliceman, charged with having din- couple of,l i i
acts. Let us in wars to crush the liberties by 11l ngs to help her on her way to Ireland•
to pass through the House of Lords in cm-
briefly to the proceedings of last au- wars to check improvement. The debt under and averse to popular movements, possessed of tubed the peace of divers of his Mersty's subjects, The poor woman said that a couple of .billings
would go bur a small way in supporting them O°
t, mptuous indifference, comes down to his Just turn
place,almost unattended, for the purpose of , umn: In the note of the conference accompa- which this nation labours was contracted in the all necessary strength and rower that it needs by holding a conjugal dialogue with Mrs. Raspberry,
in too high a key, and thereby creating an unlawful
such a long journey. If 'she was only passed, she
on the Irish Bill, one cannot but to in the famous 24 articles, the British Mi- unholy attempt to rivet the chains of the nations. against the common enemy of Europe (which
putting his veto
should take care arid never come to this country again.
"inter concurs with the others in confessing that It is the monument of our own past slavery, is also its own). Hence many persons here (a!
recooniee in the sir guise proceeding an instance ' Please sour Lerdship's honour," said Rasp- Mr. WEDGWOOD said that she had no business to
the immediate solution of the Belgic question, We have at length emancipated ourselves from Berlin) regretted the death of Perier, and now
of hie Grace's usual discretion. The result is berry, bobbing his head at every third word, "is come over here at all, and desired her to rake the: had even then, in October, 1831, become a the dominion of the Oligarchy, and we trust that regret the cessation of the extraordinary power il
cro,wd.
young rascal as I never seed afore, conies rwo shillings and leave the office, fOr that was till
that he inflicts a wound on his own frame which
matter of " necessity for Europe ;" and that the the resources of England will no longer be wasted which the French Government had assumed." agraidokwnsocks me up, and tells me to run bang avay she
could not have come from another band with
Powers in Conference were compelled to decide in quarrels of which the injustice casts a We said, some time aao, that Louis Philip for the turncock, for there vas a chimney a fire in The two shillings were then given to her, and she
would get.
equal severity. Who, however, in his place ,
left the office.
it, u ruder the penalty of seeing a general " war stain on the national reputation. But neither hoped, by the adoption (71 arbitrary measures in Vindmill-street. Veil, my Lord, I stands upon no
could have resisted the temptation of wielding l;reak out in Europe." But this was months must we rush into the other extreme of embark France, and by returning as much as possible repairs, but avay I bolts for the parish erigne,
two such thunderbolts of argument as he, on cause, Yesterday she called again, and, having stated that
this occasion, hurled against the devoted heads ,
:ian, that Lord Palmersten saw the duty and the in you see, the parch is obligated to allow us summa[ g even in just wars, which are not for strictly to the tyrannic rule of Charles X., to wipe out the two shillings were expended in paying the rent
for a ruminatioiz, perviled v,
eliger. Why, then, has the decision not yet national objects. We are not called upon to be the revolutionary stain upon his title in the eyes
of a revolutionary Ministry ? The Reform Bill ,
my Lord,vevni
.hgetst ere, she owed, and providing food for herself and children,
pain implored to be passed to Ireland.
!leen made ?-why,' rather, has it not been en- the universal redressers of wrong, the universal of the Holy Alliance. The Berlin panegyrist of
blessed' wex'dtat vas
getbslothedfaiffillit're S°'
WEDGWOOD said that there was no use in
for Ireland, in addition to its getterie iniquity,
d - I ' "solution'' • t present l''' ' f injustice.W .-* I' well to every absolutism confirms our opinion. In his chagrin
ace s s the a less avengers o e s.es ery a fire at all, ( made me so ,
.being AL..
eammoned, that I turned to and blow dmy vile up, her coming to that office, for she would neither be.:
is a specific violation of the settlement of the
necessary than it was declared to be at the former people strugoling for their rights; but tire re- he lets the world too clearly see what secret -
;rid she blow 'd me up agin."
passed nor receive further relief.
Union, and, again, of the settlement of eigh-
period ? Is a general war less now a subject of sources of a 'tation are a sacred deposit, to be encouragement in his unholy work Louis Philip The MAGIsTRATt; allowed him to depart, after -
I'he unfortunate woman, who began to weep, wall
teen hundred and twety•nine ! A serious re-
nprehension with Lords Palmerston and Grey? employed only when its own security is en- received.- Morning Herald. c,utioning him to be less boisterous in future, or he then ordered out of the office. Sire lingered there,
proach-but how came it to escape the pere- •
['hen, viz., nine months hack, the Congress dangered. "If you suffer Germany (said Mr. It will be seen from a report in another part would perhaps have to experience a very different however, in the expec ation that compassion would
tration of his Grace, that it was one equally ap-
sort of " rumination" than what ire expected.
pronounced peremptorily that the 24 articles Campbell) to be enslaved-yea, to be enslaved of this day's paper, that a highly respectable and be excited far her forlorn condition, until at length it
applicable to the latter of those two measures,
W ORS HIP-STREET.
should have all the force and validity of a so- by those Princes who are themselves the slaves important meeting was held yesterday, for thewas found necessary for the beadle to insist on her
in reference to the forirer ? If the creation by
AN FXTRAORDTVARY CASE, -Yestertla a bo
!emu convention between the King of the Ne- of Russia-(Great cheering)-you will repent purpose of expressing the sentiments of the ' ' '' ' ' '• Y
_y, departure.
Lel Grey of a small but sound constituency be a
named _Mules, not 11 years of age, the son of a herlands and the Five Powers ; that these its departed liberty in sackcloth and ashes. You British public respecting the edict which teas
sacrilegious breach of a solemn political arrange- . , , fellowship porter, was brought before Mr. BEoUGII- KING LEOPOLD. (
articles admitted of no separation ; that may remember that Napoleon's decrees against lately fulminated, by the combined despots of TON, charged the b • • under following circumstances :- _____.......--
rnent, by what sufficiently condemnatory epi-
'hey contained the final and irrevocable our commerce, though they did not do us all Austria and Prussia, against the rights'and fiber- The fattier of the prisoner said he had six chit- It aepears that the marriage of Princess
filet are we to designate the annihilation of decisions of the Five Powers, who, with one ac- the harm that he intended, were, nevertheless, ties of the German people. The meeting was deer, to all of nhom lie endeavoured to give an Louise of Orleans with the Prince of Coburg is
the comprehensive class of 40s. freeholders
cord, were resolved to force the full and entire matters of grave consideration ; but those de- in every respect worthy of the subject, and the education, and to rear them up in the love rind fear again to be postponed. At any rate here are the
which that arrangement consigned to us? or the
xceptanee of the said articles upon the party trees will be mere jests compared to the conti- resolutions such as became a body of men who, of God. The prisoner for the last three years had reports in circulation coneerning the religious
still greater contempt of it by throwing open) disposed to reject them !" Now after this, how !rental hostility that will be waged against your in addition to their wonted use of a free Consti- become an incorrigible thief, and bad nearly broken
part of the
Lords. Commons, and Corporations to the Pa-
can the Lords of the Conference show their faces commerce and against your welfare in every shape, tution, had acquired new rights and privileges. It his mother's heart. He did every thing in his power ,
re fhe custom ceremony.
Diocese Paris
of the of does not
winch he thought was consistent with the dwy of a
pints whom it had delivered over to us a pre- to the world, when it is notorious that they have if the despots prevail in Germany as they have was justly considered by it, that the late edict was,i. dbestir .
scribed race? These two measures are absolute rot vet, to the present hour, forced Holland to prevailed in Poland."--(Hear, hear ) Were not only an unwarranted attack upon the rights fattier. I. e tile , . .
g without effect He then allow the 9fficiality to grant a Catholic the ne- ,
chained him to a law of timber, with equal success; cessary dispensation to marry a Protestant, tat-
revolution in their departure from the settlement
sceept the 24 articles, although Belgium did the despots to prevail, they could never agree in and liberties of the people of Gertnany, h. then tried flattery' of the Union. Wherein then consists the dis- long • - '• - less the latter
e tr and. per,tlasion, without 9.13, ~. party promise and take t formal
he
I '. • 1‘ to •' s 1 Ischeme as the Continental. • t butgross breach of the treaty of
since accept, an( proclaim her readiness any .. tic i mac
thiction of good and evil between the cases ol
. ct upon them ? How can Lords Grey and of Bonaparte, and if they were to make the at- which provid • -other that I •
es, among matters, him to that office for punishment, for stealing, six
twenty-nine and thirty-two? Simply and saris- is iCatholic faith. It appears that the Archbishop 1
earrnerston show their faces in a British Parlia- tempt, they would only accelerate their own the new and independent States of Germany shillings from his mother, and while in the prison f 13- ails did not think proper to dispense with i
flictorily in this-that the innovator in the former
:nent without bringing forward proof that they ruin. We hold it as certain, that this country, shall not be interfered with in any matter he and his wife watched trim with a parent's eye. °h
it d s • 1 ' • in c
instance acted under a divine commission, of
have demanded •I f • 't • ''' Iwhich'
unequivocally the support and from its st elation, the character of its popu a- regards their interne regulation ; and that
1 - that canon . ica. prescription .avour of the
which he himself was duly conscious, while in
tors of a prison as the certain reward of the
.wielted, Princess who Is to marry a Protestant, anti
co-operation of the four other Powers in a corn- tion, and its immense resources, will always be if the present gross and uncalled-for breach of
the latter lie was a mortal uninspired but by a
when he acknowledged ins crime, and promise Prince Leo mid willin ly assented to the Arch-
fallacious he
I ' • Holland 2 They have, on able to defy the attacks of any European Con- treaty were allowed to pass without notice or re-
pu sory act against.
fallacious earthly wisdom. In the men alone
Id reform. Upon his release and for fear he
would . , bishops prescription, promising to rear all his,
, the contrary, endured, with much seeming alias federation, however formidable. We have an sistance on the part either of these states, or of
a
might have picked up with bad company, he (the children in the communion of the Church or
are we to judge the measures. But to proceed
bility, from King William, the most taunting, interest, a deep interest, in the prosperity of the powers interested in the maintenance of' that father) got hina into a school in London-wall, from Rom,.
to the point In which his Graces protest was
scoreful, and indignant refusals, in repeated in- the Continent ; for the prosperity of a country treaty, a similar war against freedom and f'ree which place he ran away some days ago, taking with It is impossible to decide to-day whether Prince .
most unfortunate. The creation of a new and stances, and various modes, to comply with tire is increased by the prosperity of its neighbours. institutions might at no distant period find abet- him the clothes of the school, and it was only on Leopold be a Lutheran, a Calvinist, a Presb teriatb
respectable Irish constituency is an especial in- requisition of the Congress, as notified in tire The English, therefore, ought to wish to see the tors and supporters nearer home. Without that morning that he was brought tip from Barnet.
a Methodist, or an English Episcopalian, he
fringement of the spirit of' the Catholic Relief
passage which we have above extracted. They Germans free, and prosperous, and happy, under agreeing, in its fullest extent, with the last ob- Mr. B‘? ROUGHTON-Well, boy, what do you say
had abandoned the religion of his father to con'
Bill ! The author of' that Bill as it passed the have even very recently made fresh proposi- good and liberal Governments. As far as tile servation,-for what power, or combination of to this . -The boy, wth tears in his eyes, said, 1
form to that of his first wife, and it never could
Legislature may certainly be considered good
tions, less favourable than the former ones expression of sympathy can avail them, they are powers, can now think seriously of imposing don't know, I cannot tell.
authority for the spirit in
_which he pro- ,) Belgium, which had accepted them, and justly entitled to it. But here we must pause. fetters on the people of' England ?-it may, ne- Can you read and write?-Yes, be ascertained whether he returned to the Augs'
posed it. We mean, of course, in connection
more so to Holland, by which they had been Not so, however, the continental neighbours of vertheless, be fairly asserted that the cause of Do you go to Church ?-Yes. burg confession, or continued in the Church of.
',a you know the ten commarehnents ?-I do. England, since he lost the hope of participating
aith the Disfranchisement Bill. But let us
eonturnaciously flung back. Is this consistent? the Germans. The people of the free States Germany is a truly English cause, not only in Re -a
English•hlshalt l
peat me the erg t r ?-Thou not steal . some day in the Sovereignty of Great Britain. .
revert to the period when this measure was Is it politic ? Is it honest towards Belgium and should consider themselves bound to guarantee point of sympathy, but also in point of national And why did you steal: -I :orgot the command- xe
vie are only sure that he is no Catholic, that he
passed. In the year 1829 the Duke of 'Wel-
old . ,!.... it even gain a siegle each other, as every free State eru,lied removes honour, and that it becomes the House
King Leoo '. " ;11
went, because I was tempted. recanted in order to marry a Princess of the
liogton, in cool contempt of his previous)} : erov'ement of concession or conciliation from the an obstacle to the enslavement of the others. of Commons to require of his Majesty's By whom were you tempted ?-An Evil Spirit.
entertained opinions, and with equal' re- House of Brunsvvick, and finally, that ili
Hague ? Finally, will it meet, or must it not Besidestillthe for 1 ' b • llinio - - I •
~
" -1' Did you ever see that Evil Spirit ?-No; but I . .., , )
Bard for the feelings of the majority of the a
espousing a t recess of the House of Orleans,
have both felt him arid heard him. •
ether determine' arid accelerate that very result the 'Monarchical and the Constitutional pried- torily show to whom the people of Germany
nation, determined to yield emancipation to the
Was it be who advised you to rob your father
of
he did not think proper to show her that 'nark !
,t' a general war, 011 the dread of which, so pie is decided, the resources of the Continental are indebted, either directlt, or indirectly, Catholics of the empire. He declared he was
shilalis-111circulated in all Lord (grey nations sbe wasted• fur the 1
y
intitridireed into the concession, and reooltDid you ever pray to GA to protect you aganst There exists another difficulty respecting the
have
' ` - i' • Itternpts to justify his practical non-solution of a under which the patience of the people must new Holy Alliance ; and more especially by his temptations ?- I often fervently' did, but he still nuptial ceremoi ty. . The parties would v
eltnost believed his nerve as a statesman and his
immediate settlement of which his soonbe exhausted. 1 s we rave already o -
r - l• • X 1 bwhose i• was led • - ' I if I
iirestion, the - haunts me; and am sure, was from under m
ogacity to be equally balanced. But behold he '
my wished that it were performed by a 13ishop
olleague aod subaltern, Lord Palmerston, so- served, war, with all its horrors, is, under tion the rescript which we published the other father's care, I would yet become a good boy.
granted more to the menacing petitioners than, •emniv
dressed in the Pontificals with all the pornli
affirmed in October, 1831, was essential present circumstances, perhaps preferable to a day, respecting his kingdom of Hanover. We Dees your father treat you with cruelty?--He . . . '
had ever been offered them by their warmest 0 displayed in marriages between Royal persons'
o the avoidance of a general war in Europe ? If peace without confidence. But it must not be say that we are bound in point of honour, for ,has beet me when I deserved it; otherwise he has ,e•
friends, and much more than would have served
treseed me with affection and kindness. The Ritual of Paris, however, does not alloy/
Eng,land do not immediately interpose, there concealed that there are difficulties in the way, if treaties mean any thing but interested truces,
to allay their extreme excitement, and havesaved
anykind of solemn ceremonies for mixed unions,
What bought you to Barnet P-I went there . . •
such
wit/ be war in Europe. The last reply of the arising out of the very character of the Germans they assuredly mean that those who are parties to
both his conscience and his consistency. Main oe with a mower. and even forbids parish priests celebrating
of Holland, • I but 't ' t. eth I ' We shall trot soon forget their them shall maintain them inviolate to the utmost
. &mg receivet yes eroay, s ir, emse ses.
upon seeing this, concluded that the declaration.
rot an inch, as we are informed, towards any puerile absurdities during the war of liberation, of their power ; and England was a party to the Where did you sleep ?-I slept in the meadow, marriages in their parochial churches, or in any
of extreme sensibility was but an ingenious
lefinite arrangement of the question. The and the stupidity with which a million of armed treaty which gave an independent existence and pray?- B
make a is it that they are - always performed in the
?-Because they would only
Dal youwhile you were there 1-No other consecrated place; and on that account
disguise, beneath which was concealed the wis.
Kin°. of Holland may be of a resolute men allowed themselves to be twice deceived by free constitutions to the minor States of G And why
er-
dom of an exceedingly great statesman, who,
end • i mockery of me. Vestry or in an apartment of the Presbytery.
nflexible mind, but have we yet heard, their rulers. Perhaps there is no instance in the many. Has she not then a right to interfere- The MAGISTRATE said he really did not know No Bishop would dare, in this instance, to de'
being satisfied that ennceseion was both just anc corn an authentic source, the explanation history of' the world, in which a civilized 'ration to remonstrate-arid if need be, to oppose by what to do with the buoy. His first impression was resod leave of the Archbishop to officiate ponti'
expedient, was determit.ed that it should he,
_f his exceeding bravery in this matter ? exhibited such a lack of business talent, and force of arms any complot which, may be formed that his faculties were deranged; but the correct-
fically in his diocese, so that there is every
granted in so full and complete a manner as ie
Dues he rely on the firmness of his secret sagacity. Instead of securing their liberties by a portion of the powers, parties to the treaty, tress of his answers hal a tendency to remove that
likelihood of the marriage being blessed only by
should perfectly satisfy those whose discontent l'riends, or on the vacillation and effeminacy of during the auspicious moment, their peliticans to break through its provisions ? Nay, if the impression. In
toi;der, however,of to,„ give, the fattier a
simple at its being withheld had already been produc- hose who openly differ with him in the Con- were all employed in inquiries how the old Ger- people of Germany were to call upon her as a of
the boy and t trustees the school an °ppm,-
~..0
Chaplain, either in the chapel of. the
tive of too much disorder and beartburniog ire
oress? The conduct of the English Ministers mans wore their hair, in recommending the use party to, and guarantee of; the treaty, to de- tunny of conferring with each other, he would re- i illeries or in that of St. Clou(1.-Quotid. Jenne.
,
mand the prisoner for a week.
the country. This opinion gained ground, anti '
itherto is, indeed, enough to warrant some in- of the true German bonnet, and in proscribing lend them against the unexpected and infamous
has appeared more and more probable every sue• i
mence on the part of Holland, and much con- French words. When they awoke out of their attack which has been made upon their rights MAR YLEB ONE. THE MARKETS.
seeding hour, up to that at which his Grace Thomas Eats, one of the cum an of thirty-eight _____easse,.._
tidence on that of her counsellors behind the dreams,they found that they had gained nothing and liberties, could she, with honour, refuse o'I,AL MAItmET.-July 25.
concluded-we might almost call it his so- swell thieves, who infest the Eastern atof th ed.
:curtain. It is really most mortifying to reflect by their exertions, and that they bed deprived to comply with their request ? But the ques- metropolis, and are called " Benl.4ew'rs this, e male, _ P/T0n.........
is 7 .
d 6
%V. E.Ritlregniietton 2i °,
liloquy-in the House of Peers on Monda t
r a AISiIRM Main ---....-. 17 11 Wall. Eno ,tewart',.. ". 22 :
poi) what England has failed to do, and not less themselves of the means of doing themselves tion touches us even more nearly. Hanover eight." was charged wth robbing th. Courrtes. of .rd's Itedhogh _• 17 0 Walls End Adelaide 20 '
evening. Nor was this impression on the
;;arming to anticipate what may be done by' justice. How far it is safe to meddle with ais one of the minor States of Germany-of eq. Germain's of her reticule, containing twen!ye f ~:!!:;.,!., WI nil sor ........-... IS fel, :,TVoarltlisAnudriliaumtter Knowl 1(6, g
minds of men ever diminished by the treatment ellers. b Will Belgium abstain from hostilities people, who, though possessed of excellent that State our Sovereign is Ki»g-arid in it, eights 'ellings and a gold scent bottle and lozenge ZYlimEi;d7- 1---
- 17 3 Walls End Tees ~........ 22 g
of the 40s. freeholders. All men in their hearts ender these repeated wrongs, or rather will the moral qualities, have all sorts of absurd reju- too, as well as in others, the despotic edict has box. The Countess was in a carriage, with Lady 'erro'nurratreell .
&.. Brown 20 o
i 6 ceMf'Ll'e-iiii-n --- 210fi
approved of the Disfranchisement Bill. A few
people of France-we say nothing of her no- dices, till the oppression of the despots inspires been received, published, and confirmed by re- Lincoln,md at the review on Wormwood Scrubbe on yll. En, (c 1 ?fell
ti,orrti h ..-.. 4 (11; liannfoenonnecec:: Va1..(7---erto,ro
resisted it through a sentiment of inconsideratt
urinal Goyerernent, despised at home, laughed at them with jw-ter views, is a question attended script-nay, it is distinctly stated in the latter do- M=in lay, and. vas standing up looking at the troops, Warts End Hotspur...-. 19 9 Silks'one Field mid Co.- 18 6
when the prisoner snatched her reticule from the Ditto Killingworth 20 6 Screnierstone Engine... 16 g
gratitude, in consequence of the devoted con-
[broad-but will the French nation remain with some difficulty. Those who are best ac- cunient, that his most gracious Majesty gave seat arid ran off. A gentleman named Guneen, rallts, end NRei;i(i.,ipset..... V
Sou Walls End Selby ........... 16 n
duct of the poor voters at the Clare election. passive under provocations which most French- quainted with the Germans, doubt whether their his consent to it so far back as the 4tti of May- saw him, and took him into cir,oody.h Helton Seam....-.. 17
Walls End Helton --. 22 0 W. E. Preston Grange,. 18 ' ,
These wretched beings were called into political nen have long since felt to be no less humiliating Love of constitutional liberty be so strong as their la-t ! And is
their landlords. As, however, they were equally :lilts commenced, how will Lord Grey bring of the French army there might not rally them respecting the total absence of controul which Irishwomae, with two illegitimate children, appeared couNritY CORN MARKETS DURING THE wEBIC
ignorant, bigoted, esti:l4pm*, they were also sub- ,rimself to bear up against his own reproaches ? all round the despots.-Morning Chronzde. his Majesty's Ministers in this country exercise before Mr. WHITE, to apply for parochial rebef. Wheat. i Barley. t=ats. Beans.
jected to the powerful influence of priest and We have never heard or read of any thing over the affairs of the Kingdom of Hanover, will
Tire applicant had just conic out of prison, where Per Quarter. s. to s. 's.tos.ls. to a. ato 0.
The manner in which some of those German demarroeue. Whichever tyrant they obeyed nore disgraceful to this country than the pro- • be apt to rank us, in consequence of the circum- she had been confined for sOt weeks for disorderly •
4bingdon--... 62 so '3l 43 122 30 38 •••"
b b
Andover.----- 73 80 ,37 41 ' - 23 ... 44
they were sure of a miserable retribution for traction of the Belgic dispute. The treaty is Papers which usually express the sentiments of • • • • conduct at one of the overseer's houses.
stance just stated, atnongst those who are mum- Birmingham- 55 66 40 44 24 :32 - 51!
their disloyalty to his rivals. O'Connell himself, . the Hol Alliance s eak of the raisin) " the igned and sealed, and yet the parties who have - Y li g cal to their freedom ? And ought we unde- Mr-. WHITE told her that he should not make Britiport 56 74 32 36 i 26 30 b 4
Cirencester .......... 50 62 26 38 21 25 38 41
any order ore the overseers for her.
when uninfluenced by his obligation to them,
oronounced the arrangement the only security siege of Paris" furnishes an additional clue to the servedly to have such a stigma cast upon us; "m„, y O'Brien still urged her claim for relief, arid Laurilidfotig- t7l T.; 1i.4 gt -_ 441
voted for their extioction. It was an act of hu- for general hesitate their
peace, to execute own motive of Louis Philip, and the wretched juste or the British Parliament to allow it to be sur- said that she was very comfortable in the orison 'genie). 54 83 30 35 20 30 ..... fO, manity to disenthral them from their political •
milieu Ministry, in resorting to the daring mea- , Hereford - 84 92 44 48 - - - ar.'
onnal act. Let them avow openly the cause ; raised even for a moment that it is either care- and was far better off than when she was allowed Highworth ..--, 6'2 80 32 42 28 34 - ol
privilege. They were suppressed because lo e sure of proclaiming absolute power after the ilioaii,dnienotzd -.. gt-6; n 44 22 30 36 5....
tney distrust each other, or have they agreed less of the fate of Germany, or that it curter- to sleep in the workhouse at night, and turned out they were, of' necessity, unfit to discharge :)., suppression of the tumult which it is now placed ; the next morning. Reading --...- 65 90 81 47 21 27 34 40
y a secret article to consider two volumes of tams the slightest sympathy with those who
the trust confided to them with advantage to beyond all doubt was not the result of a coespi. Mr. WHITE ordered the next case to be called on. South
Salisbury... 50 62 34 40 20 26 36 54.,
otiation waste aper ? Or 'are they really would take away, at one stroke, the whole of ampton - 54 58 33 40 28 32 - liu ,
their country, and without entailing wretch- • Mary O'Brienstilt continued talking, but finding
Irvigghtened at such Pa
formidable power as Hol- racy on the part of the people. Just at the its rights and privileges ? Nay, is it not its trloAdesi;73- 2 :14 7cr sa 22 32 --
edness upon themselves. But where and that no attention was ; !and shorn of half her strength ? Whatever the time when the Diet of the Germanic Confede- bounden duty to provide against such a possibi-pa.d to her, she on a sudden, Uxbridge - Au 74 87 40 4 Le
34- rj
when was it hinted that, in consequence ration, acting under the dictation of the Holy pulled large. stone out of her pocket,. and. threw it vv
native, the whole proceeding exhibits greater lity, by taking an early notice of the !natter, andWarminster 48 68 32 42 20 '27 at 46
with all her torte at Mr. White, exclaiming, "'fake Windsor.---- 59 - - - 21 22 a
of Ireland's having been deprived of this ,
r 5 veakness and absurdity than is to be found in Alliance, determine upon adopting the most expressing its abhorrence of the conduct which that and be d-d to you, you old vagabond." Worcester- 65 66 44 51 31 34 - 5°
~.....---
mockery of a constituency, she was not even to
11l the annals of diplomacy, abounding as those infamous measures to suppress all political fiber- has been pursued ?-Morning Advertiser. Mr. WHITE had just time to put his head on one LEWES MA It KET .-July 24.
have a sound one like that of England, because mnals do in deplorable specimens of human folly. ty, and utterly extinguish the liberty of the . side, or be must have received a most tremendous White Wheat (per quarter)-...........£3 4o to eel 8 0
Bed ditt0..........,..
._32 0 3 0
its majority might be Catholics? In what part ['ate consequences, too, must- he as melancholy Press in the German States, one of those or- WICKLOW ASSIZES. blow. The stone struck against the window-frame. Barley- , l4 0 10 0
of the letter of the Relief enactment is the in-
Is the causes are contemptible.-Since writing gans of' despotic rule which convert the beneficial .0.- The •
officers immediately seized hold of Mary Oats, New ----,.
.... 1 1 0
Pea5e......-.
...........................W.WoNIA 1 15 02 0
114 0
sinuation conveyed? Is it in its spirit ? We these general remarks, we have received Dutch art. of printing, as far as possible, into a moral 2.IANIiVAL V. SEARS. O'Brien, who made a most desperate resistance, and Oil Cake, New....--.......-...... I`, 0 0 per thousand.
Mr Watt,
CHELTEAM MARKET J 1 21
could not have believed so had we heard
Ind Brussels papers to the 23d, inclusive. The Poison! says, " The ordinance revoking that by ; opened. are Weddings. This was an action abused every person in the office in the grossest lan- Per Bushel. a afro s.d. lt;- "Y.•d. t d
brought by the plaintiff to recover damages for the deen 1 . b o •
int:, tier, she got Wheat ... 6 0 8 0 Piper
an assertion to that effect frotn an enemy
Dutch papers seem really to expect an attack to be which Paris was declared in a state of siege has fendant's criminal conduct with his wife. The damages guage. As the officers were remov
ab
6 7
'leaden Barley 4 0 5 6 Mutton
of the Duke of Wellington. 'We must be- not had a favourable effect on our Exchange, were one of her hands loose, and. seized large
citadel f Antwerp,d if there were
node
on the o an laid at 200/. The defendant pleaded the general Oats 4 0 4 3 Veal
lieve himself even at the expense of his credit. , ,
obe a ten days' campaign this August, the Bel- and our politicians too see no good sign in the issue of Nut Guilty. ink-stand, and threw the ink over two respectable Beans
Pease 5 0 6 0 Pork ... 0 0
5 0 7 0 Lamb 0 0
females who were waiting in the office on business,
He has given the world to understand that in
..,
Timis would probably strike the first blOw ; and manner in which this revocation has been, as it Mr. SCOTT stilted the CdSe. His client held the respec- Hay O4 10s to 3/. 15s. Od. per ton.
....
• and completely spoiled their dresses; arid before the
table situation of clerk of the • parish church of Wicklow,HULL. MARKET-July 24.
the emancipation measure his ingenious object , hey could not be much blamed for so doing.- were, extorted from the Ministry.
It is "id" and carried on the business of printer. The defendant ink-stand could be taken from her, she flung it at wheat, old s 58s. 60s New -s. 60s. 655'
was, to grant the Catholic a tantalizing eligibility -
fhey must naturally wish to bring the long em- that the Government in France is everywhere too was a working carpenter, and also held the situation of the windows, and smashed two panes of glass, which - Foreign
Oats, Poland s. 50s. 545. in bond... -s. -s. ---11.
s 203 22s --old -s 245.
to all the honours of the State, but to take much impeded in its action by faction and party sexton of the same church ; and what aggravated the case appeared to give her great satisfaction, and she ex- -s. g, -8.
harrassing question between them and the Dutch -
Foreign Feed.... ---;s: Ms.. yz _s. _. -,
especial care that his -new privilege should be King to a decision of some sort or other, and to spirit, and is consequently unable to perform itsdu•• tiotsiuch
fanfiexttent w. as, the defendant stool in the near re- ulted in the exploit. With great difficulty she was Barney,Norf. & Sot ...-s, 335. 365. Line. & Wold -s, 36s 065'
cousin to the plaintiff's wire.
rendered, as nearly as possible, a dead letter, by ties in the manner and to the extent that even the at last secured from doing further violence, when - Foreign a• s. -.46
rescue their Government from the equivocal po- The pants brother ran sister proved the case. 3OB. 324. 345. Foreign ...... ...-8, 323.
withholding from him the electoral power. If
she let loose with her tongue in such language that peas :, White a 38s. 408. Grey
sition in which it is placed. Experience has Opposition itself incessantly and importunately Mr. HATC HELL replied, d
we felt gratification hitherto at the proposal of a
cannot be repeated. Taros s. s. -s. F0reign......... -s. 30s. 365•
Droved that delay only serves to increase the calls on it to do." In the above passage there are two The JUDGE charged the Jury, who, after an absence of Rapeseed, in Mond none. Free, perlast 26/ 271. JOS.
measure of Reform for Ireland, we must confess
Mr. WHITE observed that he had had a very
disadvantages of that position, for at every stage or three points worthy of observation. In the fifteen minutes returned a verdict of 301. damages, and DUMFRIES M ARKE'I S.-July 18.
that it is not a little enhanced by its having been of the negotiations the King of Holland has first place, despotism in Germany-for this dia- sixpence costs. lucky escape.
Hall, the officer, gave evidence as to her wilfully Wheat, Imp. Bush... s. d. s.d.
74 30to t4i tg lugttser, jgoz.tl•
s.d. s• 0
o Otoo 0
the meatus of this very awkward exposure of ga't'ed something by his resistance. Decisive tribe emanates from the Cabinet of Berlin-
• •
The distinguished author of Frankenstein's office windows and she was commit-
smashing the o 2 . Oats ........ ......... ... ?:2 6 Beef, per lb. 0 4 0
what we cannot but call po.itical duplicity. Well meet final resolutions are in vain recorded in the mourns over the check which kindred despotism ted to prison for one month. The children were
~:',lotu,,,r,alleio. lO 3 4 Mutton 0 4 0 y
new tale, called " The Pole," i. ~ we understand, to appear 1 9 2 0 Veal o 4 ono
may men, at times, pray Heaven to protect them .
i)rotocols. The Conference is always induced, has met in France. In the second place, the au the Ist of August in the Court _Magazine, No. 2, ordered to be taken care of at the workhouse. Potatocs, cwt. ..... l4 1 6 Quartern Loaf 0 7
from themselves.-Mornlng Herald. as we have already stated, to yield to the obsti- writer expresses his high displeasure. or rather. Edited by the Hon. etre. AT
.. nu TnNt_ Th., marna. niimhpr UNION HALL. , .......-___ ____-.0

It gives us pain to return to the Belgian
question, because we feel that it is one which
has gravely compromised the honour and cha-
racter of the British Government. If levity or
cowardice was ever exhibited on earth, it has

been so in the ostensible proceedings of this
London Congress. If suspicions of the
meanest perfidy were ever invited, or indeed
created, respecting the secret designs of some,
of the parties to a series of public acts,
it has been on occasion of these number-

less and never-to-be-executed protocols. For
more than 18 months this farce of diplomacy
has been under constant representation. The
world is sick of it. Belgium complains of it azi
a crime against her rights and existence. The
people of England, being above all others in-
terested in the permanence and security of peace
and commerce, have become utterly disgusted
with that imbecile policy which leaves them both
exposed to such incalculable hazards. Holland
alone, the jackal] of the legitimates, grins, and
snarls, and exults. With every desire and
hope to see the English Ministers freed from all

- -
as we have already stated, to yield to the obsti-
nacy of his Dutch Majesty,—a spirit of conces-
sion which must originate in other causes than
the mere diplomatic subterfuges of the Cabinet of
the H agu e.— Times.
The Meeting at the Crown and Anchor Ta-
vern yesterday, a Report of the proceedings at
which will be found in another column, will not,
we trust, be the last held in this country, to ex-
press the indignation of the people against the
atrocious attempt of the German Despots to
crush the constitutional liberties of fifteen mil-

The manner in which some of those German
Papers which usually express the sentiments of
the Holy Alliance speak of the raising " the
siege of Paris" furnishes an additional clue to the
motive of Louis Philip, and the wretched juste
milieu Ministry, in resorting to the daring mea-
sure of proclaiming absolute power after the
suppression of' the tumult which it is now placed
beyond all doubt was not the result of a coi:spi-
racy on the part of the people. Just at the
time when the Diet of the Germanic Confede-
ration, acting under the dictation of the Holy
Alliance, determine upon adopting the most
infamous measures to suppress all political liber-
ty, and utterly extinguish the liberty of the
Press in the German States, one of those or-
gans of despotic rule which convert the beneficial
art of printing, as far as possible, into a moral
poison, says, " The ordinance revoking that by
which Paris was declared in a state of siege has
not had a favourable effect on our Exchange,
and our politicians too see no good sign in the
manner in which this revocation has been, as it
were, extorted from the Ministry. It is evident
that the Government in France is everywhere too
much impeded in its action by faction and party
spirit, and is consequently unable to perform its d
ties in the manner and to the extent that even the
Opposition itself incessantly and importunately
calls on it to do." In the above passage there are two
or three points worthy of observation. In the
first place, despotism in Germany—for this dia-
tribe emanates from the Cabinet of Berlin—
mourns over the check which kindred despotism
has met in France. In the second place, the
writer expresses his high displeasure, or rather,
that of his absolute employers, with the people
of a free country, for not quietly surrendering
those liberties which they purchased with their
blood to please the drum-major politicians and
stock-jobbers of Berlin, Petersburg!), and Vienna.
In the third place, the writer sympathises deeply
with the juste milieu Government of France, in
having a revocation of the state of siege extorted
from it—and having its action a la Nicholas
impeded by faction and party spirit—that is, by
the constitutional decision of the Court of Cas-
sation, and by the firm and energetic opposition
of the friends of liberty and the Charter. Thus,
the reign of military power in France, which was
so much approved by some of our " Liberal"
Ministerial Papers, was equally agreeable to
the taste of the organs of the Holy Alliance—
and over its fall both may mourn together. A
few more observations from the same
source
throw further light on the subject :—the Berlin
politician says," It is, above all things,important
to foreign countries that the revolution and
anarchy with which France continually threatens
the neighbouring States, be suppressed, and, in

ions of men. The language of most of the
,peakers was bold and manly. The attempt, in-
deed, is.oile of the most barefaced insults to

The distinguished author of Frankenstein's
new tale, called " The Pole," is, we understand, to appear
on the lot of August in the Court _Magazine, No. 2,
Edited by the Hon. Mrs. NORTON. The same number
will also be enriched with original contributions by Lord
MonrErn, the late THOS. SHERIDAN, Esq., Viscount
NEIVA RK, the Author of " First Love," a Member of Par-
liament, Rev. H. STEBBING, Mrs. NORTON, JOHN
BURKE, Eaq•

Yesterday, Mary O'Brien, a strapping•looking
Irishwoman, with two illegitimate children, appeared
before Mr. WHITE, to apply for parochial relief.
The applicant had just come out of prison, where
she had been confined for s'x weeks for disorderly
conduct at one of the overseer's hou'es.
Me. WHITE told her that he should not make
anv order on the overseers for her.
•Mary O'Brien still urged her claim for relief, arid
said that she was very comfortable in the orison,
and was far better off than when she was allowed
to sleep in the workhouse at night, and turned out
the next moiling.
Mr. WHITE ordered the next case to be called on.
Mary O'Brien still continued talking, but finding
that no attention was paid to her, she on a sudden,
pulled a large stone out of her pocket, and threw it
with all her force at Mr. White, exclaiming, " Take
that and be d—d to you, you old vagabond."
Mr. WHITE had just time to put his head on one
side, or lie must have received a most tremendous
blow. The stone struck against the window-frame.
The officers immediately seized hold of Mary
O'Brien, who made a most desperate resistance, and
abused every person in the office in the grossest lan-
guage. As the officers were removing her, she got
one of her hands loose, and seized a large leaden
ink-stand, and threw the ink over two respectable
females who were waiting in the office on business,
and completely spoiled their dresses; and before the
ink-stand could be taken from her, she flung it at
the windows, and smashed two panes of glass, which
appeared to give her great satisfaction, and she ex-
ulted in the exploit. With great difficulty she was
at last secured Flom doing further violence, when
she let loose with her tongue in such language that
cannot be repeated.
Mr. WHITE observed that he bad had a very
lucky escape.
Hail, the officer, gave evidence as to her wilfully
smashing the office windows, and she was commit-
ted to prison for one month. The children were
ordered to be taken care of at the workhouse.
UNION HALL.

sickly-looking
(Mr.t WEDGWOOD)lookirglrishwoman, withe passed
thr
three
children (opiene o
ecoaovnoetutr
of them at the breast), applied to the
sst,
oi
mt t ATi
her
I nehh gri ),:enelr i
v Magistrateliap yttehdi s t hcaotu
rhi
terry
shoums bea nt
idm, e a a bgloa c ki
r-)
search of employment, and not hearing from him
recently, she came to London with her children to
seek after him, but could not hear any tidings of him.
The little money she had when she left Ireland was
quite exhausted, and she had pledged all her clothes
where starve.she lodged,Slm addeds see_
except those which were on her, and unless she and
her children were sent back by the bounty of the
parish,that
thepeople 0
she wasle fearfulhouseiey must
dirrtgen intoherpotvheertsyt,retehtrse.atened to turn her and her chi!-
One of the beadles of Newington, in which pa-
rish the poor woman had slept, said that if they were
to pass the applicant and her children, others would
expect the same indulgence, and the result would
be that the parish would be overwhelmed with ap-
plicants of the same nature.
Mr. WEDGwooD said that the applicant must find
her way back to Ireland as she came.
The poor woman was ready to drop from the fa-
tigue of carrying a heavy child about in her arms—

humanity that rver was offered. The language
of reprobation cannot be too strong. Our only
inxiety; indeed, is, lest the warmth of the lan-
Juacie should have the effect of deceiving the
Germans into an idea that the people of Eng-
land will do more than sympathise with their
xrongs. We admit that if sympathy with the
,ppressed were sufficient to justify a nation
in taking up arms, a case of more flagitious

—ATTEICIPTED SUICIDE.—A melancholy cir-
cumstance happened at Gosherten, on Thursday List, at
the house of Mr. A. GARILATT, tailor. When the family
were sitting down to dinner, Mr. G. asked his wife whe-
ther sliiaete Alsy'ould not have some dinner; she said no, and
invared
went up stairs ; she had not been there long
,
before a pisrol was heard to explode : the husband hast-
ened up stairs, when, to his utter astonishment, his wife
lay on the floor weltering in her blood, with the discharged
pistol in one hand, and another ready loaded in the other.
Surgical aid was procured, but it was of no avail, as the
is supposed to be driven three inches into the roof of
her mouth, therefore it could not be extracted : she con-
tinued very bad, but on Saturday morning she was a little
better, and she then declared she would end herself. Thev
have one child, and Mrs. G. is now pregnant. The rea-
son assigned for the perpetration of the awful deed is this ;
the unfortunate woman has of late made too frequent
use of ardent spirits, and the husband seeing the dreadful
effectl locked them lions her, which caused her in revenge
to shoot herself in the mouth. The poor woman was not
a very good, adept at loading a pistol, or she would have
put more powder in. They are both young people. Bos-
ton Gazette,

BIRTHS.
On the 23th inst. in Essex:street, Mrs. William D. Nether'
sole, of a daughter.
daughte
On th
. e 23d inst. at Holkham, Lady Mary Stephenson, of
r.
On the 21st inst. the lady of Dr. Anthony Tod Thonisoo,
Hinde-street, Manchester-square, of a son.
MARRIED.
On the 24th inst. at Brightwell, in the county of Oxon, Jam
More Molyneaux, Esq., of Losely.park, in the county of Surre)Z!
to Caroline Isabella Lowndes, eldest daughter of W. F. Lownde" Stone, Esq., of Brightwell-park, Oxon.
On the 24th inst. at St. James's Church, James Jenkins, Off
Charlotte-street, Portland-place, Esq., to Augusta, daughter
the late John Gow, Esq., of Great Marlborough street.

lED.
On the 24th inst. in LowerD
Brook street, Viscount Dillon, ca
his Mth year.
On the 2.2 d inst. at Holt, Wilts, after a few days' illness, Dir.
)Elwyn Fenn, of Tokenhouse-yard, and Peckham, Surrey.
On the 2.M inst. after all illness of only a few hours, Mr. Job],
Barnes, of Lloyd's Coln e-house, insurance-broker, aged 36.
On the 2&l inst. at Camberwell, John Allen Montgonieq'
aged 19, formerly of the 11011. East India Company's Se'.
vice in the 9th Regiment of Native Infantry.
On the 21st inst. at Paris, of the cholera, after an illness of 105
than 30 hours, which, defied every medical assistance and inge"
unity, Madame de St. Ouentin, wife of D. de St Quentin, Escli.
On the 24th inst. Mrs. Lloyd, late of Eden-place. Kent rov,
aged 65.
On the 22d inst. at Tottenham, Mr. John Miller Vernon,l3te
of Merton and of Charing-cross.

On the 2.3 d inst. aged-70, Henry Chester, Esq., of Men"'
place, Westminster-road, Surrey, solicitor.
the 24th inst., after a short but severe illness, at Br°4d:
way, Ludgate-hill, Mr. John Lingdon, in the 62d year of hitt age

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY MURDO YOUNG, ♦T'rN~
SUN OFFICE, 112, STRAND, LONDON.
