POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MAxsto.l4-HousE.—A. man, named Matthew Gerard, was
brought before the LORD MAYOR charged by a Fellowship
Porter with hiving committed
,a robbery on Monday morn-
ing last.
The complainant, it appeared, slept in the room in- which the
prisoner also had a bed. On Sunday night the prisoner requested
that the complainant would call him up early in the morning to
go to work, and both went to bed, the latter carefully placing his
Sunday clothes in his box. At half-past four o'clock the com-
plainant rose to commence his daily labour, and called the pri-
soner, who answered but did not rise. The complainant then left
the room, but on his return, which was between twelve and one,
he found that his box had been broken open, and that his Sunday
coat and waistcoat, and a black silk handkerchief, and 15s. 6d.
had been stolen. There was no person of the house whom he
could suspect but his fellow-lodger, and that person was not to
be found. The report of the robbery having soon circulated, the
friends of the complainant walked in various directions in quest
of the thief,who was at length seen in Whitechapel-road, dressed
in the Fellowship Porter's best clothes. The black silk handker-
chief he had pawned at an alehouse for beer and gin, and the
money he had disposed of in the most liberal manner amongst
women of the town. He was suddenly seized by the collar
and dragged to the watchhouse, but as he was going thither
he stripped off the complainant's coat and waistcoat, swearing
that he had never been happy since he put them on. .
The prisoner was fully committed for trial.
Mordecai Jacobs, one of those base fellows who live upon the
prostitution of unfortunate females, was brought up, charged
with having beaten a poor girl named Charlotte Appleton, with
whom he had formerly lived.
A watchman stated that he heard the shrieks of a female at
eleven o'clock, in Fenchurch-street, and on going to the place
where he supposed there was a row, saw Jacobs striking the
wretched girt with great violence; witness finding that words
had no effect upon the fellow, rushed upon him to protect the
girl from further violence, and immediately received a blow
tram him which witness returned with his staff' upon Morde-
cai's head., , The defendant having met with a few more salutes
of the kind from the watchman, transferred his attentions from
the girl to him, and chewed fight, but was obliged to yield to
the superior strength and cause of the watchman, who 'literally
dragged him to the watch-house. ,
Charlotte Appleton said, that as she was going on an
errand for her mother, the defendant came up to her, and asked
her to accompany him ; she refused to do so, and he assaulted
her in the most inhuman manner.
The defendant was ordered to find bail for the assault upon
the girl, and the assault upon the watchman.•
- - - -

G uirmHALL.—Gco rge Ewris, the driver of the hackney
chariot 940, who has been in custody ever since the accident on
Ludgatehil!, when Mr. Bilisborough, as we stated, was run over
and seriously injured, was again Drought up yesterday before
the sitting Magistrate. Mr. Alderman Brown, when a certifi-
cate was produced from Mr. Box, the surgeon, stating, that
Mr. Billshorough was out of danger, and thereupon the worthy
Alderman admitted the prisoner to bail, having first stated
that as the accident appeared to have occurred on account of
the drunkenness and negligence of the prisoner, he should be
prosecuted at the expence of the City, as• an example to other
disorderly coachmen.
Bow-STREET.—On Monday evening, a young woman,
about 23 years of age, and very fashionably dressed, calling her-
self Mary Agnes Louisa Butler, underwent an examination
before Win. Ballantyne, on a charge of having stolen seven lit.
notes of the Bank of England, the property of a Captain of a
merchant ship. named Drew. Alter the evidence of Mr.
Drew, and several other witnesses for the prosecution, and the
statement of the prisoner in the defence, she was remanded
for further examination. We understand that when before the
Magistrate in the morning, the prisoner said she was related to
the Duke of Feltre (Marshal Clarke) and the family of the Earl
of Ormond in Ireland; she stated also that she received a pen-
sion from the Duke of Feltre.

DARTNC GANG OF ROBBERS.— -For some time
past the vicinities of Blackheath, Greenwich, and Deptford,
have been infested by a formidable gang of robbers, who com-
mitted the most daring depredations with impunity. Gentle-
men's houses have been broken into and plundered, and or-
chards robbed to a very considerable extebt. Several of the
robbers have been apprehended.

FOR Mt SUNS

ON COMMERCE, FINANCE, &c. &c.

MR. EDITOR-In contemplating the disad-
vantageous terms• of our Commercial Treaties
with the United States of America, as well as in
contrasting them with the advantageous ones
granted to and contained in their present treaty
with France,- cannot, in the construction as well
as in the principle laid down in this French
Treaty, but admire the superior knowledge and
abilities displayed by the French Statesmen over
ours on the like occasion with America ; as the
protecting duty of about 16s. per ton, which the
French have reserved to their own by levying it
on the cargoes of American Shipping in French
Ports, very properly secures to French Shipping
the carrying trade of their own imports ; and as
one cargo of French (like that of English) ma-
nufactures is equal in value to about 30 American
cargoes of raw produce, it will so reduce the ef-
fect of the countervailing duty levied on French
ships in American Ports, when borne by both
freight and cargo, as not to affect the two com-
bined more than about 6s. per ton. Our Mini-
sters, on the contrary, in ignorance (I presume) '
of the results of their own measures (although
our ships are supported on the owners' capital in
lieu of their income) have, by putting the ship-
ping of the two nations on an equal footing, nearly
driven our shipping out of the American trade.
Yet our shipping were and are paying and con-
tributing to our state quadruply more than those
of America; and thus, by their famous treaties,
have Ministers 'destroyed or are destroying a
matchless source of British Revenue, wealth, and
power, that in existence has no equivalent for
England ; but in lieu thereof it has a tendency
to raise and is raising alien navies, perhaps for our
future destruction. But what I have here so far
described, is not half the merit due to French
wisdom and diplotnacy,as the treaty in question is
not only limited to the period of two years, with a
view, no doubti-of enabling. France, by the end
of that period, to produce in her own new plant-
ed colonies the like articles she now takes from
America, so as to become independent of
foreigners, and thereby wisely employ her own
people, as far as ,they are able to do her own
work ; but, in stipulating for the permission of
depositing American produce duty free in French
ports, she has, with the assistance of our Messrs.
Robinson and YVallace's several famous Commer-
cial Bills, laid the foundation of making her ports
the deptts of our foreign supplies, in lieu of our;
ports being the depots for their supplies.
Now, by the same rule that France retains a
protecting duty of 16s. per ton on her shipping,l
England, through her additional debt, is from
America entitled to 60s. per ton; yet, while we
reserve no protecting duty, France reserves a
right of imposing an additional one of 5 francs
over the before named 16s. per ton, on American
shipping.
When I contemplate the ignorance and folly
generally displayed in our Commercial and Fi
nancial Legislative measures, I often think it
would be bettet.far the British public to employ
and liberally pay enlightened foreigners to act as
our financiers' and negociators of Commercial
treaties. I may be asked, why should we do
so ? My reply would be, that from their superior
knowledge of the fundamental principles on
which correct systems of Commerce and Finance
should be founded,.they can do these things bet-
ter than ourselves, while the inconsistency of such
a measure would not be half so great as those
which our Ministers (through ignorance, I pre-
sume, of the effects of their own measures) are
daily practising in employing about 1+ millions
of foreigners to cultivate in foreign countries, forl
our use, corn, hemp, flax, cotton, tobacco, and
rice, and also in the cutting and carrying
of foreign timber, and in building foreign
ships for their importation, while our own
beautiful Colonies, our now half starved and un-
employed people (the latter now living on the
landed interest through the poor rates) and our
rotting ships, for want of such employment,
would at a much less expense, all things con-
sidered, do the same work for us, and increase our
revenue, national wealth and political power in
the like ratio. Such foreign negociators would
know, and tell America, that hitherto it has been
through the ignorance and imbecilityof our Legisla-
tors and Ministers, and that even now it is through
that and courtesy, and not of necessity, that Eng-
land takes a single pound of flour, corn, cotton,
tobacco, or rice from her, or hemp and flax from
any other State, as her own beautiful colony of
New South Wales, or British America, as well
as British India, with the assistance of her own
gallant defenders, who are now in a state of dis-
turbance, or half starving in Ireland, or paupers
in England, and her ships now rotting by the
walls, or unprofitably employed, all for want of
such employment, can at a much less expellee,
all things considered, do the whole for us. But
the American negociator in the general hacknied
phrase of the day i vvill in all probability say,
" We take England's manufactures in payment."
.Yes, you do (our foreign negociator would an-
swer), but would not England's paupers, White-
boys, seamen, ship-builders, and others, to whom
she would then in addition give employment, do
that and much more for England, as they would
increase our national wealth and political power,
and decrease crime, criminal justice, pauperism,
and whiteboyisrn in the like ratio. The Ame-
rican may rejoin in the trite phrase of our
present theoretical political economists, but
please, Sir, to remember your consumer. Our
enlightened Foreign Negotiator would answer
him by saying, This I will most certainly do ;
but it shall not be by reducing his income below
his means of paying for his subsistence, but by
protecting his capital and industry from foreign
competition, according to their value to the state ;
and thus by increasing the demand for both, put
more money into his pocket than shall be neces-
sary to pay for the increased price of the articles
of his consumption. This will also relieve him
from the present payment of those pours' rates
and criminal justice which his connection with
you now makes him pay.
But putting for the present these things, how-
ever essential, out of the question, I am sorry to
say that I have not been able, to discover from

oar treaties or charters that our ministers or ne-
gociators of the present day, either knew it was
so, or ever founded their -measures on the fol-
lowing principles, viz. that the profitable employ-
ment of our people constituted the wealth of the
State; and that our native and colonial agricul-
ture, when duly protected, were the root of, and
propelling power to, all our other industry ; or
that they ever knew our empire's geographical
position, much less its mighty statistical capa-
bilities, or their reciprocation for the public
good, but always acted on their confined college-
learnt political economy which prevents, their
knowing that the free trade advocated by them,
while we remain in our present artificial state,
must depress and destroy the industry of that
country which may be most burthened with taxa-
tion, and ultimately lessen both the consumption
of foreign commodities and native productions.
When I read of motions for the appoint-
ment of Commissioners of Inquiry for our co-
lonies, I naturally conclude that either our
colonial system, or the conductors of it, must
be imperfect, as the perfection of either would
render such Commissoners, as well as their
great expence to the public, quite unnecessary :
add to which, the reports of such Commission-
ers do not always prove that the object of their
missions was an investigation of our colonial sta-
tistical capabilities, and their reciprocation for'
the public good, or that they were well under-
stood or deemed necessary by the parties ap-
pointing or appointed ; for we often see in such
reports some subjects detailed very little better
than old women's gossip, or individual scandal.
But our Statesmen have only to learn what is
the true interest of the British Empire and their
own, when they will clearly see. that they have
very little more to do in our colonies than to
learn and appreciate their immense value to the
parent State, establish pure English laws, make
them by an Act of Union integral parts of the
British Empire, represent them in the Imperial
Parliament by their own elected representatives,
protect their industry from foreign competition
according to its value to the State, (and subject
thereto let their commerce have the freedom of
air) ; survey and sell their land at public sale;
select for their knowledge, virtue and talents,
Governors or Viceroys, such as a Raffles, a Far-
quhar, a Macquarrie, or a Br isbane, or perhaps
others who have proved themselves to be such
characters, to defend their territory, and see
their laws properly carried into effect, and there-
by render Commissioners of Inquiry and their
immense expence to the public unnecessary ;
and thus, by the pleasing and beneficial links
of reciprocity of benefits and mutual wants,
chain them for ever to the parent State. But
in failure of the adoption of such measures, I
ask any man of common sense, and possessing
colonial knowledge, if he can do otherwise
than contemplate their separation in less than 50
years from the parent state, as this is not an age
for retaining men in slavery, or for imposing or
practising foreign or other arbitrary laws on En-
glish subjects, nor will they in all probability
be longer submitted to than while such powers
can controul and depress the rational mind of
man. I therefore strongly recommend to our
Ministers and Legislators to revise and correct
our present Colonial System, while they have
power so to do, and thereby prevent their pro.
bable future fatal results.

When I see a Chancellor of the Exchequer, of
long standing of experience, so unacquainted with
the principles, construction, and operation of a
self-creating and self-supporting system of Fi-
nance, as to tell Mr. Hume, in answer to his
speech on the Sinking Fund question, that our
supplies could not be raised within the year,
while the contrary is the fact, if we expend our
revenue so raised within our own mighty empire ;
for it is the bad system, and not the amount of
our taxation, that presses on our industry,—
while the same Right Honourable Gentleman
in his other answer to other parts of Mr.
Ilume's speech on the same question was in
principle equally in-correct,—.when I see our
industry and capital transferred and transferring
to foreigners by our own. unwise laws, and our
own people starving in the midst of plenty, for
want of that employment to enable them to pur-
chase subsistence, and our Capitalists, through
the same unwise laws, are destitute of the means
of employing their capital in and for their coun-
try's benefit, but are driven to the necessity of
investing it in foreign funds, for (in all probabi-
lity) their own and country's future destruction,—
when I contemplate a society of practical ship
owners, selecting for their president the very per-
son who had (in ignorance, I presume, of the ef-
fects of his own suggestions and measures) sanc-
tioned, if not originated, the very measures that
had transferred and were transferring to foreign-
ers the carrying trade of our shipping, and there-
by depriving those very ship owners of their in-
come as well as of a large portion of their capital,—
when I contemplate the ignorance and folly of
those English legislators who have, with a view
to serve British commerce, by their unwise
laws protected Foreign commerce from British
competition,-1 say, when I see and contemplate
all these and a hundred more equally impolitic
measures, without having received opposition in
their enactments, 1 cannot but be more than ever
convinced of the correctness of my often reiterat-
ed assertion, viz. That it is a national ignorance
of the mighty resources of our unrivalled empire,
and of the knowledge of that combined system of
commerce and finance necessary to the bringing
those resources into action, in order to give our
people and capital profitable employment, and
thereby to increase our national wealth and poli-
tical power, and not premeditated corruption,
that is the cause of our national distress, while
the only way of producing harmony to its parts,
and substantial relief to the aggregate industry
of the British Empire, is to protect each and
every branch of it from foreign competition
according to its value to the State (subject there-
to, let commerce have the freedom of air), and
invite other nations to do the like towards us.
I therefore submit, Mr. Editor, to the consi-
deration of you and the public, how far (if con-
sistent with our glorious Constitution), it would
be proper for the public good to pray his Ma-
jesty to elect and employ (until our Ministers

shall be sufficiently enlightened, and be convinced
of their present and past commercial and fin'
ancial deficiency and errors) enlightened in"
reigners as our finance and negociating commer-
cial Ministers.

It appears by the French treaty with America,
that when the shipping of the two nations enter
in ballast their respective ports, they are "t
subjected to those stipulated protecting and
tervailing duties as when they have cargoes.
I beg further permission to observe, that the
above-named French treaty with America is
founded on a principle approximating very closely
to the one I have so long been trying to hammer
into the heads of those whom we denominate our
statesmen ; but whatever errors Ministers innY,
commit, their irregular commercial and financial
measures (as nearly the whole tend to counteract
and ultimately destroy one another and them'
selves) prove, in my opinion, that their motiVees
are not corrupt, unless what they do in lieu 0
and in the absence of the knowledge of fund°.
mental principles, may be so deemed, viz. the using
their own and the influence of the Crown, to carry
their unwise measures, and thereby keep up their
rotten system, and for the time being keep them
i
selves in place and power. The knowledge °f
fundamental principles, and the founding measure
on them, would render the influence 0t- the
Crown useless to the holding place and power.'
For my own part, although I do not believe they
are actuated by improper motives, still, unfortu-
nately for them and their country, their mea-
sures are fast transferring our industry to foreign
rival states, and thereby sending to destructing'
the mighty resources of our unrivalled empire.'
The shipping and colonial interest very truly OP
ours are equally as depressed as the landed in-
terest ; my answer is, why should either be 50,
when we possess the means of giving life and 1(1
gour to the whole ? the doing it rests entirely
with our Statesmen.

I am, your obedient humble Servant,.
JOSEPH PINSENT, a True Platte •
22, Eirchin-lane, Aug. 6, 1822.

IRELAND.

CLONMEL ASSIZES.
BIIHNING OF THE SHEAS.—Darby Meagh rer, „0,.n..„0
rissey, James Hennessy, Philip Gorman, Patrick ,ur"-;
Patrick Gorman, and William Gorman, were indicted for, insaulting the dwelling-house of Edward shea—for apPeaZ,ficit
arms—and for aiding a person unknown in shooting at s-
Fitzpatrick, with intent to murder him.
The Learned Judge summed up the evidence with his
usu
_perspicuity. The Jury retired, and remained in their
for near an hour, and on their return brought in a verdict
Not Guilty.
dresl
The Court was much crowded, the trial having excited_lrfis.
interest, on account of its connection with the dreadful cu"
gration of the Sheas last November.
SEDUCTION.—In the Record Court at Downpatric-k
2.„,abc
of seduction excited some attention. The action was bra
by Thos. Daly, of Killough, for loss of service and conGrath
don for the seduction of his daughter by George HenrY ,t-r„ the
an officer of the water guard. A verdict was given '-
plaintiff, 1001. damages, and 6d. costs.

[EXTRACT FROM THE DUBLIN PATRIOT•IotIf
After an absence of 18 years, Sir EYRE CoOTE 111.•
visited his estates in Ireland, caled upon all his tenenNo be
lowed most liberal abatements, (though not considered, los
let too high) and together with the reductions made. to io
wealthy tenantry, he directed large sums to be' 184",„"oge§.
building, improving, and making comfortable their C'",„ to
He eso subscribed munificently to their places of wooing..
which he has ever been a bounteous benefactor. Hr ht ps-
sides given his aid to the county infirmaries, and to roafispd•
rochial institutions ; and though the tenantry of such 'belie,
lord as Sir EYRE CooTE require no assistance from the• uted
volent subscription now open, he has not therefore cot:M.G.) vits
less liberally to that fund. In fine, the few weeks Sir ""'_.pro.
COOTE remained here were wholly devoted to deeds of gc!T
sity and charity ; and his fortune appeared to be consider 7(0,
him only as the means of relieving and serving his fellow'd ive
tures. May all landlords follow his noble example, an nod
shall soon witness Ireland a happy, tranquil, and CO
country.

A letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at pi 4"j °s,
dated 25th July, says— at
" We have received a letter from Mr. BAzExcoon.l', of
Arensburgh, mentioning that the lights on the western stag
the Island olCasel, and which were especially of conse4T;eo
to vessels on the St. Petersburg!' voyage, had on the Oat ytii/
much damaged by lightning; but that as only the LsroP2otila
lanthorns had been particularly injured, the accident for
soon be repaired, and the lightningbe only interruptcs*
short time." _ fief

That awful calamity, the hydrophobia, - ee
exists in the town and neighbourhood of Rochdale, where' Y+
understand, two children have fallen victims to tared
and where, in consequence, all the dogs are publicly

be confined.—( Leed; Intelligencer.)

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, August 13• ~.1.
Ainstetdain
Ditto, at Sight l2 4
Rotterdam l2 0
Antwerp l2 5 ti U°
4,
Haniburgh
:Mona_
Paris, 3 Day's sight 2s SO ° l Vs.
Ditto
80 0 o 00.
ninth:aux, ditto
Fianktortun the Pain
361 effs•?`• ee tire
Madrid
ects
Cadiz
S6l tteCti
E
Bilboa 362
Uarcelona
seville
Gibraltar
Leghorn
(it i tat -3i —Venice, Ital. Liv. 27 60
Malta 45 —Naples 39t r Og*
Palermo
Lisbon
Oporto
Rio Janeiro
Dnbliii .... 9; Cork 94 pet Cent.
• •PP O
BULLION. tti
0
Portugal Gold, i n Coin / .0 0
6
Foreign Gold, in Liars 3 1'
4 9*
°
New,Doubloolis
New Dollars
Silver in Bars. standard 0...4...1 11.0.0/
er
BIRTHS. Aleaan,cifi
On the 9th inst., at Sidmouth, Devon, the LadY ok
aro, y•
Nicholson, Esq., late of the 2d Regiment a Lire (-41
Willi°
daughter. wife of - felt
In the afternoon of Saturday, Jane, the 0 was Afie
Clarke, a poor man residing in Mill Hill, Bradford/ (weer
delivered by Mr. Illingworth, surgeon, of that dotoWellngvre"'
female children.—The mother and children are all of
MARRIED. A lilakjejfiale
Yesterday, at Islington Church, Mr. Edwar- hter °
Clifford's-inn, solicitor, to Elizabeth, second claag gr.
late Mr. Francis Read, of Church-street, Islingtoninsterl,ol
On Tuesday, at St. James's Church, Westraes iolfAbs,
Henry Chamberlain, of New Bond-street to Agli,to;l4s"-
daughter of Mr. Davidson, of Cork-street, Doruile'
ogei
her
DIED.
mOarny,twhiefe9othf
Mr.insta cnrt,ittA
eHtti,golifgAateid,eirnsgtahte.e ftdreelicia:::fsge, gr...
On Tuesday, the 13th inst. in the 30th Yeal,"o. thall'
Bourdillon, of Great Russel-street, Covent-sue'
Cala 110
Yesterday, at his house in Mortimer-stre".inger
pars P- -
square, Mr. George Hutchinson, IllanY Y— ~410011'
Majesty. at DI
On Sunday the 11th instant, in his 54th Yea'
Mr. Samuel Hale, of the Guildhall coffee-hotle•
0 the •
i Printedolandee,NNob.lisuh2e:lstfror an the
bPyn.
jo.Tßlll.ZissllAto* • -

,
L,/t

T

Clat ,

on or
pets,

iite
?Pic),
rtfter

`dot{,

ecri
(7,1 d

.411 G

tptn

Prol
Clf 2

'iced
te4q

N

1,, hi
13,tr

ford,

be,i;

10all

tittl-v
rilb,

Alon:

4Z'rt
York.
at,d

thq 0
attid n

len,to
,04

T

~'

Leo

`l,tiet

\u I
I'p ,

ash;
N11t...,
11,, INt,
:„1/41 „
