' the arbitrary, injurious, and impolitic enactment which prevents
theta, while they continue to reside within certain districts,
from employing any portion of their capital in such other parts
of the kingdom as may be deemed most beneficial ; thereby de-
priving them not only of the fair exercise of their privileges as
free subjects, and totally preventing all the public benefit which
would arise from a competition between the London and the
Country Maracturers,, but depriving them also of all hope
of ever participating in the" Foreign Trade of Empire.
The Petition prayed, that for the reasons and under the cir-
cumstances set forth, the several Acts of the 13th Geo. 111.
cap. 68, the 32d Geo. 111. cap. 44, and the .51st Geo. 111. cap.
7, may be repealed.
Mr. T. 'WILSON stated, that the Acts in question im-
posed restrictions upon the conduct of the silk-trade of the
most absurd description. In the first place, the wages of the
manufacturer were fixed at the discretion of the Magistrate.
In the next place, the interference extended to the quality of
the 4rticlen manufactured; silks were to be made only of a
given width ; and even the number of threads to an inch was
fixed by Act of Parliament. The effect of these absurd and
mischievous regulations was, that the whole fancy trade,' the
imitation of French articles was carried away from Spitalfields
to 3lanchester, and other silk towns in the north. The Hon.
Gentleman sat down by reminding the House of the growing
importance of the silk-trade to the country. Within the last
ISO years the importation of raw material from Bengal alone,
had risen from 100,000113. to upwards of 1,000,0001b5. a year ;
the whole importation into this country now exceeding
2,509,0001b5. ; and if the present restrictions were removed,
a still larger increase might be confidently anticipated.
Mr. RICARDO thought it must surprise both the House
and the country to see such statutes existing in the year 1823.
The provisions of the Acts in question were in the teeth of
every sound principle of trade, and were more especially inju.
rious to the workmen ; for experience has shewn that these
persons never leave the district where they settle, even though'
the trade be decayed, but remain a charge on the bounty, of
the public.
Mr. WALLACE hoped that the Acts would be repealed,
for he thought them a disgrace to the statute-book.
• Mr. HUSK ISSON fully agreed in the propriety of repeal-
ing the Acts. He could only account for the existence of such
statutes by their having been passed at a time when the silk.
trade was .almost confined to Spitalfields. Since the manufac-
ture, however, had been carried into other parts of the country,
either the provisions of those Acts must be got rid of, or
Spitalflelds would be deserted. His (Mr. Huskieson's) atten-
tion had been drawn to the subject almost immediately upon
his coming into office; but he had abstained from bringing
forward any specific measure, hitherto, because he wished first,
to convince the workmen of the necessity of an alteration.
Some prejudice, and indeed, a good deal, did still exist among
the workmen ; but the House really ought to act for them
without reference to those prejudices. It was his intention, at
the earliest possible day, to submit a motion to the House for
the repeal of the Acts in question.
Lord MILTON rejoiced in any prospect of getting rid of
the obnoxious statutes ; and observed upon the absurdity of
raising a duty upon raw silk imported. Under the present
system, a duty was levied upon raw silk imported, and, on
the other hand, a bounty was given upon the exportation of
manufactured silks. Now, great difficulty was found in ap-
portioning the bounty, particularly upon goods composed of
silk mixed with other materials. Would it not be quite as
wise, and more generally convenient, to.get rid of the duty on
one hand, and the bounty on the other ?
Mr. F. BUXTON promised his support to the Bill, when-
ever the Right lion. Gentleman should bring it in. He had
formerly supported the principles of the Acts in question ;
but he was now fully convinced of their impolicy, and was
happy to have this opportunity of publicly stating the altera-
tion of opinion which. experience had produced on him.
Alderman THOMPSON bore testimony to the pernicious
operation of the law, which he hoped soon to see repealed ;
and be trusted that, before long, the trade would be relieved
from the duties on raw silk.

.Aldertmut C. SMITH said a few words in favour of the
measure.

Mr. W. WILLIAMS said, that the restraints of the exist-
ing law had driven one considerable manufacture of silk (horn-
bazeen), from Spitalfields to Norwich, which place now
wholly eng,rossed it.
Mr. ELLICE hoped, that the parties who supposed them-
selves interested in the existing restraints would have time to
petition, thong)), after the unanimous expression of opinion
given by the House, he could hardly hope, nor did he wish,
that their prayers wad now avail to prevent the Bill of the
Right Hon. Gentleman from passing.
Mr. BARING and Alderman BRIDGES concurred as to
the propriety 'of repealing the Acts.
Mr. HUSICISSUN said that the House was so unanimous
upon the subject, the least possible delay was the most desir-
able in carrytng their views into effect. Ile would propose tits
resolutions on Monday next, and move for leave to bring in a
Bill for an alteration of the law, in the different stages of
:which the parties alluded to by the Member for Coventry
would have sufficient opportunity to present their Petitions.
Mr. ELLICE said, that after the discussion which had
taken plar2, the unanimous opinion expressed by the House,
and the candid declaration of the Right Hon. Gentleman, he
hoped that those who.had contemplated an opposition to the
proposed appeal, would not persevere in an attempt which'
must certainly. be fruitless.
The Petition was ord::ed to be printed.

FOR THE SUN.

GREECE.

Mr. Enuroa—The following dignified and
eloquent Letter, which may be considered as the
Politica' Creed of Greece, and which is there-
fore at this moment peculiarly interesting, was
addressed, in French, by one of its brightest
ornaments to Enmusn HENRY BARKER, ES(l.
(See Letter of E. H. Barker to the Rev. T. S.
Hughes, 4th Edition, page 7) :

"Sift--t have received your letter and pamphlet, and feel
deeply the interest which you take in the misfortunes ,of my
country. As a proof of my gratitude, I will now frankly state
my own opinion, and that of all Greece, with respect to your
nation. .

• " Vire render the English the justice which is their. due—
we doubt not their kind anti generous feelings towards Greece—,.
and we are persuaded there are among you thousands of hon-
ourable men who think like yourself. But, with regard to
your Gevernment, permit me to say, that the case differs
widely : If the Greeks accuse the Russians of a part of their
misfortunes, they attribute another part, and especially the
massacre at Seio, to your country : Forty thousand Christians
of this wretched Island massacred !—thirty thousand carried-ow
into slavery, of whom the greater part will end by embracing.
the religion of those cannibals !--and the rest struggling with
misery and dispersed- throughout Europe !—A Gymnasium
destroyed, with its eight hundred students, and a library of
sixty thousand voltimes, consumed by ilathes ! These, Sir, are
things which yOur Country, should and could, but has not,
prevented. I sarnothing of the criminal partiality which has
hitherto been displayed towards our Executioners. However
little we may feel inclined to the Russians, we dare not trust
"your nation while the annihilation of the entire Greek people
seems to your country a matter of indifference.
" In Short, Sir, such is our wretched situation, that we may
say, what Cicero said of Potnpey—

yo,w01;;,0 oy pro, ou yowcr77cuv irpoc osi,purc),
know whom td fly, but not to whom.'
You flatter yourself, Sir, and you endeavour to make me hope
that your present Government will have more favourable feel-
ings towards the c.tuse of the Greeks ; When I see it I will be-
Hove it—

sett. iu.m.tOto, Ofd /kr' ;
besides, these ft.telings admit of various degrees :—The most
noble and Onions part which your nation can act in this crisis,
is that of aiding ours to preserve the independence which it has
purchased by blood., This is the only mode of binding to you
the Greek nation by the ties of eternal gratitude,--this is the
sole way by which you can reconcile your interests to your
duties,, and combine policy with morality.
" But if your Country limits its kind offices to ridding us
of the Turks, and preventing our submission to Russia, in
order, next, to subdue us its:2lt, or protect us as it hitherto has
protected the lonian blonds, let it no longer be deceived by
the hope of thus.winning the affection of Greece. The Greeks,
Sir,. have not been shedding their blood for a mere change of
Masters : they hate the Turks—but they can neither love nor
esteem the tyrants of Christendom ; and if they are forced to
surrender their liberty, they will never lose either the wish or
the hope of reconquering it at sonic happier moment.
`, I have thus stated, Sir, with the most perfect sincerity,
what my Countrymen expect, and demand, from the generosity
of your illustrious nation. Let us not deceive ourselves,—
friendship cannot exist without justice, or alliance without
mutual benefit.

" Permit me, Sir, to owe you of the respect and esteem of
your obedient servant,
GC

" Our warmest wishes are attached to the cause of the
•
Greeks, and we therefore insert the foregoing Letter ; but we
hive been obliged to omit some of the passa#,•es, not thinking
the censure which they imply justly applicable to the parties
alluded to.
