•
,7fg-cir and cope war, are the memeraLilia of tLe
French Papers, syhich contain no official infornia-
,
.
ti whatever from the Despot, after a lapse of
7 days Siree'hiS last conimunication' from Dyes-
den, and .no ncitice of the invasion of Lord WEL-
, LmoroN!!! Well may tli.e Parisians
No Morn! where ignarer;pcv is bli!i
'Tic folly to be wise.
It ig reported; however, brit we kilo* bdt oti
\vhat authority, that BUONAPARTE 'himself has re-
turned to Paris, and that SA:VARY; his Police-Mt-.
nistcr, had been slain in a tumult.
'rhe follovVing are further from Ger-1
man Papers in our possessiOn:.• sou e of'the para-.
graphs are curious :
BucltAansT, Stn.. 2:-=-After the al"iing. of Negotin, a
Turkish Corps of near 15,000 men hastened in pursuit of the.
fugitive Servians; and advanced to Clad mt., garriStmiChy
only about 1000 men. The fortiess was surrounded and sum-
moned, and the negociatious commenced, 'The Serviansdc-
mandekliberty to depart with arms, and baggage, but the
Turks protracted the negotiations :under the pretext of ob-
taining the consent of the Grand Vizir, till their corps was
increased to 20,000 , They then unexpectedly attacked
the fortress under cover of night, took it by storm and put
the garrison to the sword, to the very last :man. The. Torks. -
are now advancing without molestiition in riervia,' legion
`wait°, the villagei„ and carrying off women and children into.
slavery., Some ,thonsands tit these unhappy victims Were
offered to foin-reigning,Prince for feady inOocy; ht- accord.
'nobly sent off yesterday, a considerable sum to the' Tutkish
General -at Ciadov[4 to release the poor wretches, With the
intention of transporting theM, to Wallachia, and Settling,

. - • •
theil in this etituitry.
W.-tuSAW, Sur. 17.—Within -these few days a Servian De-
• put:. tion ?rem' Gt:ottfif: CzefiNY and the Scr;:iztri Senate to
his Majesty the Emperor of RusSiza, has pris.Li throo.gli this
capital. 'Phis Deputation is composed el ouc of tit principal
Officers of the Army, another of inferior, rank?, and .1 Secre-
tary, and is charged; we understand, toimplore the- aid of
Majesty against the Turksovho have Invaded Sertia,- and are
laying waste that country.
WAftsAw,fSerr. late' military ei'ents, have opened
the eyes of. the Poles to. their true interests. With few ex-
ceptions,- they oow perceive that it is an unworthy destina-
tion to he blind tools in, the band of Naeot.tos, to shied their
blood u behalf of his projectg, and thus hasten; with rapid
strides to the aims ruin which must inevitably overtake all
the States subject to his iron sceptre., tl free trade cannot
but confer infinite benefit to Poland, a emintey so fertile in
corn, whereas the French system has been prodnetive of no-
thin,, but Mischief.. Ou this point all intelligent P.:les are
Unanimous ; they have learned from etipevimee to prize their
former situation, and i assure you that the be,st and most ar-.
dent wishes. are here,. cherished for the succ'ss of the just
cause.—Men are raising, particularly among the Germans for
a Legion, which is intended to fight for the good cause, and
which receives the .most zealous support. A Master shoe
maker of Kalisch, has Subscribed a thousand dollarS towards
the execution of the plan.' ATI the Pole's are cotteirided that
iii ease of the fortunate issue of this war their emtd,tion eztrz-
, not hut he improVed. When Ptmarowshr's tapthre
howevir was not contirtned j arrived here, it' was loudly assert-
ed in many Polish that:this Prince ought to'rejoice at
being released from so disii ..reeahle a situation.
According aceouots of the li th, from Konigsberg, the
French ship whith was stationed at the Holm, near Dantzie
on the Vistula, anti was provided, With. a, battery «f twe/ve
gnus, was blown up by a lucky shot fired from the forte
erected a.t Langfulie. As far la we know, none of the crew
escaped. The explosion was tremendous;
On the 20th inst. the Russian Colonel Nut; Vat.: Svetosi,
Adjutant of General Motte.iu, passed through this city on
his way from Toplitz to England. He is the li,eztrez• of a
French letter, written by the Emperor of RuSsra with his
own hand, to Madame Alorteau, in which the syidow of Ilea
celebrated man, a Creole, about 31 years of age; is to
her residence in St. Petersburgh, With her only daughter;
9 years old. M, VON SVININ, who witnessed the last
ments of the General, cannot suflidiently ext.6l hii . fortitude,
composure, resignation and religion, ffe has in ids posses=
sion a lock of the General's hair, And 1161)00ot-book, in
Which, among other things, are four very fine drawings by
him—a view of his country-house in America; a portrait of
Miss Payrcesom, the first wife of the King of WysrertantA ;
the ceremony of baptism among the Anabaptists of America;
a dieeting of the inspired in that country: • ,
The Grand Puke of FKANKFOIti has instituted an,Order
of Knighthood for his dominions, as a reward for distinguish-
ed servicesrte be called the Order of Concord. It will eon-i
sist of three classes, comprehending GO members, 12 grand;
crosses, 24 commanders, and 24 knights of theiinSignia, will
be an eight-cornered cross, resembling a-star with two hooch
conjoined in the centre, and, the superscription, Concoi2:.a.
Geand Duke will be the Grand-master.

A letter limn Ti'est Prussia, of Sept. Iptli,gircs a.melati-
choly account of the havoc, committed there by the late in-

undations of -the Vistula, which, in consequence .0f the in-
cessant rains, rose on the nd ficptt,lnber 3Y feet it:ove its usual
,height. The- dams of the river were broken:.dowu, and the
cuntry about :,chwetz,' Nauuhurg, and :4'4l.arienWerder, a
tract ten Germao piles (neae 50 English) in length, was laid
under water, which ev:ery where reached to the ronfs` of the
houses. The whole of this year's crops, not exceptingeven
the potatoes, have beta destroyed In the inundated parts,
which comprehend tei villages : /Ono persons have been•re-,
diced to the greatest misery ;,hut the total loss sustained tiy
this calamity is incalculable.

The English Physicians WEIR and Dieloom, and gorgeous
Dot.olus and DOBSON, hive been invested by the Einperor
of RosslA, with the Order of St. %Vladimir of the fourth ells.
• Tbe German.papers.cOmplaln, that ihe inhabitants of that
country are treated with greater harshness by soma of their
renegade countrymen than even by the Fvench.themsalved.
'rhos, v..e are told, that, Marsli;tl P4vousT when at SCilall4l
paid in ready money for all neat asriea required fur his table
and person. Prince Faßt..!;Rteti. 441eSSO, on the other band,
raised gratuitous contribittimp for the some purpo.i'es audit is
alact that that German Prince, fighting for the si.hingtition
of Gerwany, demanded out hundred bottles of: wine for the
dai' y of his table.
BERLIN, See-r; Itus3ian Li?t)i. en ant -pnlon el Count
VON Nessuluiont passed through thi.k city on hie. v,.33. from
ToplitZ to Donlitei and 'the English Ci.fric.nel STMAiti• frond
Zerbet to Strlisurl The Siweil;A Geueral I...accu.-
IMINK is one to Zerbst, and Votk:

ScuoN .to Starpoti. •,
Th COUnselior ui .7;tato Couut MALE is appointed Guardian
