LITERARY REVIEW.

AN VNIVERSAL HISTORY, 'I weittv-fotir Books. Trans-
lated from the German of JOIIN VON M Three
LONGMAN, 11URS T, REES, ORME, and BuowN,

Paternoster-row.

A translation of INlutiiitt's Universal nistdry
has long been a desideiation to our national lite-
rature. We ale happy to observe, that it has at
I`7'itztli hceii exernted in a manure to saiisgy the
most tastidioos jo,lement. Tlartre of NIULLEtt
.)as lona twtmbeld in veneration by the literary
part of Europe. As the eloquent and enlightened
Annalist of Sivizetland, he has been the object of
universal homae,e. Like our own immortal GIB-
IsoN, he had conceived almost in childhood a pre-
dilection for the cttolv of hi,tory, which, during
all 'lie viri:sittoles of his active mcritotions life,
continued to be his favomite pursuit, or rather
perhaps 11;s predominant passion.
It is an advantage of the present work, that it
originated in the author's laudable ambition to
exieml his intellectual attainments, and that the
rui:iiue was inskorsibly formed, from the methods
adopter! '1(-) accelerate his progress in letters and
Phil,,s(VlY. In the various extracts and memo-.
randa collected for this 'purpose, lie was cautious
to admit roue of accuracy, or eq iien-
cal authority. Ilablis of diligente and diserimi-
'ration were thus formed, Which are the rarest
qualities of un-historian, and constitute his best
title to lime.

It was long before INIut.LER ventured to propose
to himself the 2-it(111011S IllitleltAdlig he was des-
tined to achieve ; it was not till alter a proha ion
of thirty years that lie hegan to prepare his Uni-
versal for the press, which was filially
ushrred into the world as a posthumous publica-
tion.

The most prominent feature of this work is its
luminous atrangement. He unravels the intri-
cate clue of chronology with ease and grace, he
marshals the various revolutions of distant em-
pires, lie dt ve!opes the systems of ancient and
modern titnes uith equal brevity and perspicuity,
and without he,zarding crude speculations or in-
dulging tam ift:l conjectures ; his object is to
comptise within the smallest limits the greatest
possible sum of knowledge, and he has actually
consolidated all the erudition and learning to be
collected in au immense library in three octavo
volumes. _

As a specimen of the manner in which this able
tr,m,lation is exectited, tie subjoi❑ a passage ex-
trtcled from the concluding pages:—

‘Vben we embrace, in one comprehensive glance, the dif-
ferent families of the human race and the whole theatre of
the world, we cannot avoid remarking, that there are some
regions of the globe, and Rnite nations, which have not yet
fully attained the condition appointed for them by destiny;
which seems to have ordained, that the manifold capabilities
of our nature shall be alternately developed throughout the
ttoirerse, according to the various degrees of influence exer-
tised by physiCal causes, and by traditional civilization. We
behold revolutions which terminate either in barbarism or in

slavery; we see nations which have not yet experienced the
whole influence of that avarice and that lust of power
dis-
played by Europeans ; and we perceive the inhabitants of our
grulrter of the globe to,be endowed with an energy and ge-
nius which stimulate then; to the must arduous enterprises,
and their actual situation to be such, that any great political
convulsion would suffice to produce a sensible re-action on
the mist remote corners of the earth, and to fill with civi-
rzed inhabitants regions as yet unexplored by human eyes.
We are, at tie same time, so powerful and so impotent, that
on the one hand, if the people of Europe should neglect
their own interests; or if they, or even individuals among
them, should stiddenly be inspired by any strong impulse of
enthusiasm ; the most important effects could not fail to be
produced on the moral condition of the whole human race :
and on the other, these great movements, when they shall
have been once aroused, will act unexpectedly, and even in
despite of the will of their first authors.
However incoMplete may be the display presented by this

history of the secret causes, the nature and the catenation
- of the greatest events, it has at least sufficed to show that
they have taken place under the guidance of superior coun-
sels. Their plan in feed is unknown, their progress un-
searchable but we are able clearly to discern that fortune
and power are 'obtained by re.solution, activity, and sound
judgment; and that. on the contrary, sloth and irresolution,
and every thing that impedes the development of our innate
powers, are the cause; of destruction, both to states and in-
dividuals.• History is incapable of teaching what is to be
done in each particular conjuncture, because the attendant
circumstances are infinitely diversified ; but she presents us
with these general results of the experience of all nations arid
all ages r—” Act well your part in the station, whatever it
he, in which fate has placed you; let nothing suitable to

that station appear too high for you to undertake, ❑othing

so low as to be neglected." These are the means which pro-
duce the greatness of kings ; which bestow on the man of ge-
nius unfading laurels ; and which enable the private citizen

to place his family above the inconveniences of poverty an(
a servile condition.

And now stand forth, ye gigantic forms, shades of the first
Chieftains, and Sons of Gods, who glimmer among the rocky
balls and mountain fortresses of the ancient world ; am! you,
Conquerors of the world from -Babylon and from Macedonia :
ye Dynasties of Csesars, of Huns, Arabs, Moguls, and Tar-
tars; ye Commanders of the Faithful on the Tigris, and Com-
manders of the Faithful on the banks of Tiber; you hoary
Counsellors of Kings, and Peers of Sovereigns; Warrio►s on
the car of triumph, covered with scars and
icrowned with
laurels ; ye long rows of Consuls and Dictators, famed for
your lofty minds, your unshaken constancy, your ungovern-
able spirit;—stand forth, and let us survey for a while your
assembly, like a council of the gods. What were ye? The
first among mortals ? Seldom cats you claim that title ! The
best of men ? Still fewer of you have deserved such praise !
Were ye the compellers, the instigators of the human race,
the prime movers of all their works ? Rather let us say that
you were the instruments, that you were the wheels, by whose
means the invisible Being has conducted the incomprehen-
sible fabric of Isis universal government, amidst incessant
clamour and tumult, across the ocean of time. At every

movement of the inachine, the great Spirit that moves upon
the waters proclaims this maxim of wisdom, " Be temperate
and maintain order l" Whoever listens not to the voice, is
speedily chastizefl : how terrible the punishment of those who
neglect thr.admonition is the lesson which history displays.
