LONDON,, SATURDAY, MARCH 30, 1839.

-1) 14

GENERAL POST-OFFICE, 27th MA acn, 1839.
THE Postage on Letters to and from NORTH
AMERICA, conveyed by her Majesty's Packets, has
been reduced to the uniform rate of ls. Single, 2s. Double,
and so on in proportion, without 'adding any Charge for Inland
Postage.

Letters for NOVA SCOTIA, NEW BRUNSWICK, and
the CANADAS, may be forwarded as heretofore, without the
previous Payment of the Postage.
By Command,
W. L. MABEItLY, Secretary.

rfr HE MODEL OF THE BATTLE OF
JIL WATERLOO is NOW EXHIBITED at the 1-',GYP-
TIAN HALL, PICCADILLY, by brilliant Artificial Light.
Constantly illuminated from Two o'clock in the Afternoon,
and throughout the Day in Dark or unfavourable Weather.
Open from Ten in the Morning until Nine the Evening,
without intermission.
Admission One Shilling each.

COMFORT, CLEANLINESS, AND ECONOMY.
VLEISCHMANN'S HOTE-L,
•. THE GEORGE,

HIGH-STREET, CHELTENHAM.
Families and Gentlemen visiting 'he fashionable town of
CHELTENHAM are respectfullv solicited to give FLEISCH-
MANN'S HOTEL a trial, where- will be found elegant ac-
commodation, combined with Comfort, Cleanliness, and mode-
rate Charges.
N.B.—An extensive stud of Post Ho ses, and Fashionable
Carriages of every description for hire. .

RAPER'S. PATENT WATERPROOF.
Patronized by the QUEEN, the, Nobility, and several
Public Establishments.
Messrs. RAPER and Co. beg respectfully to inform the
Public that they are now carrying_ out • Mr. Raper's newly_ in-
vented process of water-pitOfing all sorts of fabrics used in
clothing, as well as leather, with increased and extensive ma-
chinery.
Receiving Houses—No. 8, Bridge-street, Blackfriars ; 12,
Marshall-street, Golden-square, and 46, Basinghall-street.
*„.* Messrs. Raper and Co. have no connection with any
Public Company,

THE QUARTERLY REVIEW,
No. CXXVI.,
Is Published Tuts DAY.
CONTENTS.
T. TRAVELS IN AND ii.LUSI A.
11. NATURAL HISTORY:A ND FISHERY OF THE SPERM
WHALE.'
111. PARAGUAY AND FRANCI A.
IV. STATE AND PROSPECTS OF ASIA.
V. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF THOMASTELFORD, :Civil
Engineer.
VI. OXFORD THEOLOGY.
VII. SIR ERANCIS HEAD'S NARRATIVE; and LORD
DURHAM'S REPORT.
John Murray, Albemarle-street.

This day is published, in foolscap Bvo., price 65., Vol. IX.
(bringing the History down to the Death of Queen Anne)

.
of the
HISTORY of ENGLAND. Continued
from Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH, by WILLIAM
WALLACE, Esq., Author of " The Life of George IV."
Forming Vol. CXIII. of the CABINET CYCLOPIEDIA.
Published March 1, BELL'S BRITISH POETS, Vol. I.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co. ; and John Taylor.
rr H E MONTHLY CHRONICLE for
APRIL Contains—
_ _

1. Ireland and Lord NormanbilThe Ministerial Crisis.
2. Mayo's Elements t.f the Pathology of the Human Mind.
3. The Abbe de Lamennais. 4. Suwaroff and the Campaign
of 1799, Part I. 5. Shelley's Poetry. 6. On Style in Archi-
tecture. 7. .Niebulir's Historical Speculations. 8. Undeve-
loped Characters in Shakspeare's Plays. 9, Contributions to
the History of Forgery. 10. Journal of a Dutch Minister in
London, &c.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

Just published, in one volume, with Portrait, Vignette, and
Index, price 20s. cloth,
CURIOSITIES OF LITERATURE.
By I. DISRAF.LI, Esq., D.C.L.
Eleventh Edition, Revised.
Also,
In one volume, price, price 9s. cloth,
The LITERARY CHARACTER. By I. DISRAELI,
Esq., D.C.L.
Fifth Edition, Revised.
Edward Moxon, Dover-street.

MISS PARDOE'S NEW WORK.
Now ready, at all the Libraries, in 3 vols. post Bvo.,
THE ROMANCE OF THE HAREM.
By MISS PARDOE.
,kurzor of ‘-‘-14r,..Citaigh,446.514,14::.4144,111vcr and thea
esart," c.

" The Romance of the Harem," though it be not intrinsically
the most valuable of the author's works, may be said to run no
small chance of becoming the most popular."—Morning Post.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE
Part 111. of Vol. 1., for 1639, contains—

Twelve Engravings of Popular and Interesting Objects.
View of the London and Croydon Railway—Eastern Literary
Institution—Three Views of Free Grammar Schools—Mr.
Revis's newly-invented Machine. for Travelling without Horses
or Steam.; &c., &c., with accurate and interesting Descriptions.
Also, 160 Columns of Original Papers, in Verse and Prose,
and Choice Extracts from New and Valuable Books of the
Month, the Public Journals, &c.
London : John Limbird, 143, Strand.

THE HARMONIST. Part 11. contains—
Fourteen Pieces of Highly-popular and Classical
Music, arranged for the Pianoforte, for One Shilling ; among
which will be found the Philomela Waltz and a favourite Galop
by Strauss—Four Popular Songs—a Rondo by Herz—a
Waltz by Weber, &c. J _

Part I. contains Fifteen Celebrated Waltzes, and other po-
pular Pieces.
John Limbird, Publisher, 143, Strand.

II AIL WAY MAGAZINE, No. XXXVIII.,
with Forty Pages Extra, price ls. 6d.
Among the Contents are Irish Railroads—London and Bir-
mingham Railway, Financial Situation and Prospects—Ballot
of Directors—Railroads in the United State French Pneu-
matic Railway—Plans for Strengthening Iron Steam Boats—
Notices of Bids for 1846—Reports—Scientific and Railway In-
telligence—Prices of Shares.
James Wyld, Charing-cross.
Vol. V. is now ready.

UTYLD'S TRAVELLING MAPS
X.s.d. X. a. d.
England, 2 sheets ... 1 8 6 Germany, 4 sheets.. 1 10 0
Ireland, 2 sheets .... 1 3 6 taly, 4 sheets 1 10 0
Scotland, 2 sheets... 1 6 6 France, 4 sheets 1 10 0
Smaller Maps 0 9 0 Switzerland
Railway. Guide
United States 0 16 OiNetherlands 0 12 0

Railway Map of ling- Sweden . 0 12 0
England 0 6 0 Russia 1 6 6
Smaller Map ........ 0 2 6
James Wyld, Geographer to the Queen, Charing-cross East.

INDIA, PERSIA, AND CAUI3UL.
WYLD'S MAP of the COUNTRIES
lying between TURKEY and BURII kH : com-
prising Asia Minor, Persia, and Arabia ; and including the
Black, Caspian, and Red Seas ; particularly constructed to
show the overland route to India, and the relative position of
Russia to the Anglo-India possessions ; with enlarged Plans of
the Dardanelles and Bosphorus. Four sheets, 1/. ; Case,
11. 10s.

1••
MAP of INDIA ; constructed with great. care and research
from the latest authorities, and intended more particularly to
facilitate a refet ence to the Civil and ALlitary Stations, with a
Po ymetrical Table of Reciprocal Distances. One large sheet,
15s. ; Case, It.
An INDEX to WYLD'S MAP of INDIA ; containing the
Names of many thousand Places, with their Latitude and Lon-
gitude. Bvo.' 10s.
Published by James Wyld, Geographer to the Queen,
Charing-cross East, four doors from Trafalgar- square, London.

LACKWOOD'S EDINBURGH MA-
GAZINE, No. CCLXXXII. for APRIL.

CONTENTS: --

I. France and her Elections.—ll. On the English Lan-
guage.—lll. Some Account of Himself. By the Irish Oyster-
Eater (Continued).—lV. Desultory Dottings Down upon
Dogs.—V. A Week at Manchester.—Vl. My After-Dinner
Adventures with Peter Schlemihl.—Vll. Music and Friends.
—VIII. Emily Von Rosenthal, how she was spirited away.—
IX. What is Poetical Description ?—X. Song.—Xl. Chris-
tonher in his Alcove.
'NVilliam Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh ; and T. Cadell,
Strand, London.

THE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for
APRIL, contains, among other articles, the following :
—Herbert's Epic Poem of Attila—the Jurisdiction of the Ec-
clesiastical Courts—Notes on Pinkerton's Literary Corres-
pondence—Defence of the Archbishop of Canterbury against a
Misquotation—Winchester House, London (with a Plate)z-A
List of Claims to Scottish Peerages, from 1788 to 1838—The
Armoric, Welsh, and Gaelic compared—Ancient Elections at
Cambridge—Characters by Mr. Wilberforce: Pitt, Burke, and
Windham, &c. With a Retrospective Review—Review of
New Publications—Literary Intelligence, and Reports of
Learned Societies—Obituary, with Memoirs of Lord St. He-
len's, Sir John Elley, Sir William Beechey, Edmund Lodge,
Esq., James Boaden, Esq. &c. &c. Price 2s. 6(1.
Published by W. Pickering, 57, Chancery-lane.

Just published,
PRACTICAL OBSERVATIONS on the
CHRONIC ENLARGEMENT of the PROSTATE
GLAND in OLD PEOPLE, with suggestions for an Im-
proved Mode of Treatment. To which is prefixed Prelimi-
nary Remarks on the various other disorders to which the
Prostate is liable at all periods of life. The whole being illus-
trated in an Appendix containing numerous CASES and
PLATES, showing some of the Morbid Appearances usually
found as a consequence of Disease of the Prostate Gland.
By FRANCIS BURDETT COURTENAY,
Member of the Royal College of Surgeons, London, &c.
Sold by T. Hill, Medical Bookseller, Great Windmill-street,
Haymarket; Onwhyn, Catherine-street, Strand; Templeman,
248, Regent-street ; and all Booksello:1 in town or country.

-11:1bDLESEX CdIJNTY PAUPER LU.
• NATIC ASYLUM.

WANTED—A RESIDENT, PHYSICIAN, fur this Es-
tablishment, whose services,soill be required on the Ist of Jun.;
next. He must be at least 35 veva of age, and a member of a
College of Physicians of the tinitkd.Kingdom. The salary is
5501. per annum With loath, lodging, coals, and Candles, at
the Institution, such board/I-lily() include wine or stable ex-
penses.
Information as lo the duties orathat officer, and the regula-
tions of the Establishment, may be- obtained from the clerk, to
whom testimonials, including a, statement of the candidates'
ages, addressed to ‘` The Visiting Justices of the Middlesex
County Pauper Lunatic Asylutvilv arc to be forwarded under
cover on or before Wednesday.,the 2-tth of April mid..
CHARLES WRIGHT, clvkto the Visiting Justices.
Sessions House, Clerkenwell, 1114Iarch, 1839.

A' MEE'IiNG otfl'r MANCHESTER
•
• ANTI-CORN-LAW AJSittIATION, held in the
York Hotel, King-street, on the Evening of Tuesday, the 27th
instant, WILLIAM RAWSON, Esq., in the Chair, the fol-
lowing Reiolutioni'were unanimously agreed to :
I. ,‘ That this Meeting has learneevvithout 'surprise, after
the previous unjust refusal to hear evidence at the Bar of Par-
liament, of the late decision of it k House of Commons upon
Mr. Villiers' motion to go into Committee to consider the
Corn-laws. Convinced that henceffieh they must rely for jus-
tice solely on the patriotism and intelligence of their Lllow-
countrymen, this Meeting cordially approves and adopts the
plan recommended by the London, klelegates, of uniting all the
towns and districts of the Empire &one great. Anti-Corn-law
League, for the purpose of employiritcompetent lecturers, sup-
porting a Stamped Circular, procuring the aid of the public
Press, ancradopting every legit4Ate.and constitutional mac of
appealing to the good sNetiSd,tio-opfration of the people.
Believing that the great situ:ol4sr freedo'n of industry, against
the misgovernment of a rich and powerful Aristocracy, has now
commenced, this Meeting, whilst trey. go not disguise the formi-
dable obstacles to be overcome, would rewind their countrymen
that upon the result of the contest it depends, Whether Britain shall
continue to march ,onward in the path of greatness, and afford
to a naturally increasing population augmenting means of sub-
sistence, wealth, and happiness; or whether, like too many
other empires of ancient and modern times, our country shall
be sacrificed to the selfish and ruinous policy of a privileged
portion of the community. To doubt the issue of such a
struggle, would be to question the spirit and intelligence of the
British people. This Meeting, therefore, relies with confidence
upon the co-operation of every class and calling of their fellow-
mcoousnttsroyrmdeidn,antdo
daeidsttrhuenrativernmotnhoepirolyenedvecarvionuarisetet(oi
oanliaolniisvhilitshede
community."
2. " That the Council of the Manchester Anti-Corn-law
Association be empowered to draw up the requisite Rules for
the Government of the Anti-Corn-law League, and report the
same to this Association and to the other Associations of the
kingdom for their approval."
3. " That the cordial thanks of this Meeting be given to the
Delegates for their valuable services in London."
4. " That the thanks of this Association be given to the
Members of the two Houses of Parliament who supported the
motions of Earl Fitzwilliam and Mr. Villiers on the question of
the Corn and Provision Laws./9
WILLIAM RAWSON, Chairman.
Manchester, March 27, 1839.

AT a PUBLIC VESTRY MEETING of
the Inhabitants of the parish. of St. Leonard, Shore-
ditch, in the county of Middlesex, held in the parish church,
on Wednesday, the 27th day of March, 1839, at six o'clock in
the evening, to consifiel. two Bills now before the House of
Commons, viz. " A Bill for further improving the Police in
and near the Metropolis," end " A Bill for Regulating the
Police Courts in the Metropolis ;"
Mr. THOMAS REECE, the Upper Churchwarden, in the

Chair ;.

It was resolved, That this Public Vestry feel convinced, from
the circumstances of the contemplated Police Bills not having
been called for by soy portion of the people of the United King-
dom, that their introduction is one of a series of attacks on the
liberties of the people, by the formation of. a rural poLce under
the control of the Government and the establishment of a sys-
tem of centralized espionnage, having for their object to silence
by coercion the loudly expressed demand of the people for Uni-
versal Suffrage, the fulfilment of which demand can alone, in
the opinions of this Public Vestry, shield the poor from-oppres-
sion, establish the rights of property on a secure founda-
tion, and preserve the peace and promote the prosperity of the
empire.
That this Public Vestry cannot but view with great alarm
and dissatisfaction the enormous, and as they conceive most ar-
bitrary and unconstitutional, powers by such Bills proposed to be
conferred upon the Magistracy and Police, depriving the citizens
of their privilege of self-government and self-protection, de-
structive of the rights, liberties, and comforts of the public
throughout the . entire metropolitan districts, magnifying the
most trivial actions into offences to be interpreted, acted upon,
and punished by possibly ignorant, certainly interested, and as
regards any control of the people, irresponsible agents, sure to
occasion great distrust, and the more obnoxious as suggested by
a Ministry from whom, according to their praessions, measures
of liberality and confidence ought to have emanated rather than
those of tyranny and coercion.
Resolved, That petitions founded on the foregoing resolu-
tions Be prepares; and presented to both Houses of Parliamcn' ;
that
f cm
to the o Housemonosf
byL Sirords MatthewbyEarlWood.
Stanhope, and that to the
House
Also' a esolved,,That an address, to be founded on such resolu-
tions, be prepared to be laid before the Queen, and that Earl
stanhaDe Or.re quested-O-presesvaAmitaseps M jesty_
T H ("MX S'REE CE, Chairman,
Resolved, That' the thanks of this Meeting be given to the
Chairman for his „promptitude in calling this Alleeting, and his
able conduct in the -chair this evening.
JOHN WARE, Vestry Clerk.

PT P HE CHARTIST.
Price TWO-PEN,43E HALFPENNY (STAMPED),
TO-DAY, contains—Desipms of the Whigs against the Peo-
ple—Overtures of the Capita lists to the Chartists—Proceed-
ings of the National Convention--War with America ! Russia !
India—lrish Agitation—Church humbug--The Paris Murder
—The Gold Dust Robbery—Chartist Meeting and Tory Riot
—Manslaughter by a Railway Offic,lr—Justices, Gin Spinners,
and Beer Sellers—Law, Assizes, Sessions, and Police Intelli-
gence—Accidents, Inquests, -and all the News, Foreign and
Domestic, of the Week.
Office, '2B Br ydges-
Country Newsmen supplied from the
street, Covent-garden. at 4s. 3d. the Qui.:e (27 Papers.)
,

THE DUBLIN UNIVERSITY MAGA-
ZINE, for APRIL, price 2s. 6d., Contains:-
1. Colonies of the British Empire.-2. Hope.---8. The
Bridal of Carrigvarah, being a Sixth Extract from the Legacy
of the late Francis Purcell, P.P. of Drumcoolagb.-4. The
Women of England.-5. Continental Gossipings. By Harry
Lorrequer. Chap. I. Paris Louis Philippe— Politics—
Gambling Houses ; their Rise and Fall-6. Original Letters,
I'to. ll.—Political.-7. Stephens' Travels in Greece, Turkey,
Russia, and Poland.-8. The Pictorial Edition of Shakspeare.
Bartlett's Life of Bishop Butler—First Article.-10. A
Polyglott Anthology. 11. Canada Sir Francis Head's
Despatches.—l2. Critical Notices—Wordswor,h's Greece—
Ella—Fr nits of Observation—Dearden's Miscellany.
Dublin : William Curry, jun. and Company ; Samuel Holds-
worth, Lon,ion ; Fraser and Crawford, Edinburgh. Sold by
all Booksellers.

and every segment of the House was opposed to me.
The Society of Odd Fellows would not behave worse,
they who, at one time, had a long discussion about ap-
pointing a treasurer, and when all was over they dis-
covered they had nomoneyfor him to keep.—(Laughter.)
The person who discovered that, was found guilty of
common sense, and for being so was kicked out of the
society. Such also was the fate of my proposition : it
was kicked out. of the House. I don't blame the Irish
Orangemen for opposing me on that occasion ; they
have- always thine so virulently, and are consistent ;
but when I found three of the Howards, English
Catholics, one the son of the Duke of Norfolk, against
me, I could not conceal my indignation.—(Cheers).
What would he be were it not for us ? He could
not be a common Justice of the Peace much less
have a seat in the House of Commons, only for
Ireland.—(Cheers). The eldest son of this English
Catholic Duke (the Earl of Surrey), voted against
us ; his son, Lord Fitzalan, voted against us, and that
comical creature, Howard of Carlisle, voted also against
us ; and for doing so I felt an indignation for the ingra-
titudy so displayed ; no, not ingratitude, because there
is no term of ingratitude which could describe the
degradation such conduct reduced those Howards to.
—(Cheers.) Was there ever any proposition plainer
than that the House of Commons does not represent
the feelings of the people of England on the subjectsd,
the Corn-lawi ?—(Hear, hear, hear.) Some of the
people of Ireland think that a repeal of these laws
would be an injury to Ireland ; but I would ask these
people to look around them, and will thek not find that
the warmest advocates for the continuance-oftlfeW6-
sent laws are the Glengalls, and the Charlevilles, and the
Oxmantowns ? And what man, I ask, has ever seen
these men come forward in behalf of any measure
which was intended for the benefit of the people of Ire-
land ?—( Hear, hear.) No—they only look to their
own paltry pockets, which they think would be
touched if the Corn-laws were repealed. I came
forward and spoke my real sentiments on the subject,
no matter whether these sentiments were popular or
unpopular.—(Hear.) I looked to the conscientious
feelings which I should have before my God, and I
cared not whether it was acceptable before the eyes of
men.—(Cheers.) I looked to whether the widow and
the orphan were to have more or less food by a change
in the present state of the laws, and not whether my
Lord Glengall was to have more money in his purse.—
(Hear, hear.) I came forward boldly and took the bull
by the horns. I supposed that it might be even disad-
vantageous to the landholders, and the farmers, and yet
I could not help reflecting that the mother would be
able to distribute a greater portion of food to her chil-
dren, and this consideration was to me of greater weight
than any other.—(Cheers.) My conscience and my
judgment were concerned in the vote which I was to
give, and I should sacrifice every other earthly advan-
tage to them.--(Loud cheers.) In this course I have
as I stated, supposed the worst possible result to the
farmers ; but I have given the measure the most
attentive consideration, and I find that a repeal
of these laws would, instead of being an injury, be in
fact a benefit to the great mass of the people of Ire-
land.—(Hear, hear.). Look at the amount of the ex-
ports of corn from this country to England during the
last years, and will we not find that, though some years
ago the exports of corn to England were six or seven,
or even eight hundred thousand quarters annually,
during the last few years it has fallen off to 500,000
quarters.—(Hear!) How many persons are ignorant
of the fact that the variation in the Corn-laws have ren-
dered the taking of land in this country a mere lottery ?
—(Hear, hear.) Wheat was not, during several years,
more than 365. a quarter in the English market, whereas
it is now 735. and 745. I mention this fact to show the
uncertainty of holding land under the present state of
the law.—( Hear, hear.) When the people are turned
out of their holdings they have no resource but the
English manufacturing districts. Now, if I succeed in
bringing the market of labour, under these circum-
stances, nearer to them, would it not be conferring a be-
nefit on them ?—and I am convinced that until there
'is a change in the present system of land-holding in this
country, Ireland can never be a manufacturing country.
I mention this to show you that 500,000 English manu-
facturers, rapping at the door of the House of Commons,
are treated with contempt by the Lords, and with even
almost worse than contempt by the Commons.—(Loud
cries of " Hear.") Now, can the English people be
said to be represented in that House ? Many of those
finding themselves so treated, have raised an excite-
ment—a spirit in England—a determination to insist on
their rights ; and I confidently hope that before I again
go to England to find a voice raised there for unit ersal
Suffrage and Vote by Ballot, sue as has not been hoard
before, and which will give a voice to the manufacturers
in the-Legislature: I may be called a fool, and would
be content to be so designated, if I hail not the benefit
of some experience.—(Cheers.) I shall be content to
be called a false prophet, if you do not hear such a voice
got up in England, in the assertion of popular rights,
such as has never been perhaps heard in any other coun-
try. To be sure the poor Chartists may come in our
way.—(A laugh.) ney may, by their torches, their
daggers, and their pistols, have contrived to frighten the
timid, and deter the weak—but their contrivances will
be quickly put down. There have been upon this
subject certain opinions relative to my friend Mr. Jo-
seph Hayes, of Cork. Now, if it were for a moment
supposed iet his voice was raised for blood, those
who did so must have greatly mistaken the man. He
might have spoken of Chartist principles, but he never
spoke one word in justification of their resorting to
blood.—(Hear.) Bat a week will not perhaps elapse
when that will be settled by general and useful agitation.
Now, I entertain much respect for Mr. Joseph Hayes,
of Cork. Not one act of oppression does there appear,
magisterial or otherwise, in his locality, that he does not
fearlessly drag forth before the public, and exert himself
to punish the offender. I repeat it, Ido greatly esteem
the man, but if he should join the Chartists he will
stand there alone. Not a single Precursor will join
him. He will be there as a cypher—a nought without
the one before it. lam certain that another week will
not pass until you shall hear from Mr. Hayes himself a
most ample contradiction of what has been imputed to
him. What a pretty figure the Chartists have cut in
London !. It is said that Feargus O'Connor made
thirty-five speeches in one day.-7(Laughter.) Heaven
help his hearers !—they must have had the lives of
a cat to listen to thirty-five speeches the same day
from Feargus O'Connor,; to listen to the thirty-
five speeches of Feargus, a person should have
thirty-five lives. It would, indeed, require a vast
deal of patience, and I venture to say those who
did-so were either of the most vicious and abandoned
disposition, or men who were deficient in the commonest
principles of common sense. They succeeded in one
thing, as I have already observed, namely, in disgusting
any man who had either his own safety or the welfare
of the country at heart. Yes, they have damaged the
Liberal cause exceedingly, and the leaders of the Char-
tists, those men who were the originators of that wicked
and unholy Chartist Convention, deserve the execration
of their fellow-countrymen.—(Loud• cries of " Hear,
hear." No man had the courage to attack those infa-
tuated creatures but myself ; no, not even those men
who were the most forward to raise their impotent voice
to exclaim that the Precursor Society should be put
down. Now, I ask those men why they would raise
their voices against our constitutional, peaceable Society ?
What have we done ? Have we infringed any law ?
Have we violated any statute ? Have we manifested
the slightest disposition to ' disturb the public tran-
quillity ? No ; on the contrary, we have been the
preachers of peace, the decided enemies of discord, and
the advocates of civil and religious liberty.—(Cheers.)
We are, we have been, and we shall be, friends of
liberty, to every man, and in every climate, so that
their assertions are as unfounded as they are malicious.
—(Hear, hear.). Yes, we have advocated more strenu-
ously, if possible, than any other of the numerous mea-
sures which we seek to obtain, an extension of the
franchise. If I desired to urge another argument to
the many already advanced, I have only to point to
Carlow ; sec what has been done there.—(Hear, hear.)
I tremble whilst I mention it ; bribery unparalleled at
least in Ireland, compulsion the most unexampled and
the most tyrannical ; in short there was nothing, how-
ever corrupt, ungenerous, or despotic, which was not Re-
sorted to, in order to effect the return of its present
representative. Our fellow-countrymen have been cul-
pably negligent ; we have been dormant too long, and
Carlow was lost in consequence of our negligence. Now,
I am happy to say the Precursor Society has been ra-
pidly extending during the few short months it has been
in existence, aye, more than the most sanguine of you
could have anticipated.—(Cheers.) There was a Re-
form Bill obtained some few years ago, now that Reform
Bill did not extend as far as we could wish ; but the
provisions of it, such as they were, have not been at all
worked out. One happy effect, indeed, it had, which
cannot be sufficiently appreciated—namely. wresting
from the vile House of Peers, that all-powerful influence
which they previously possessed.—( Hear, hear.) They
had, before the passing of the Reform Bill, a vast deal
of power vested in them—the House of Commons was
likewise under their direct control. This has been done
away with by the Reform Bill, and many other things
of great public utility have been effected. We as-
sisted Englishmen in obtaining for them a full measure
of justice. They did not, lam sorry to say, when an
opportunity was afforded, come forward and assist us
in obtaining an abolition of the odious Tithe system,
or in Municipal Reform. No, they hung back ; and
to their eternal disgrace be it spoken, they did not
even express a feeling of sympathy for those men who
risked so much to advance their liberties. Notwith-
standing the strength of the party, and the- viru-
lence -of their bigotry, no English Ministry could stand

PRICE sd.

for the last twenty years to whom the Irish people
were opposed. After Mr. Perceval, Lord Liverporl
came into power—he was succeeded by Canning, the
latter by the Duke of Wellington, theNobleDuke byLord
Grey and Lord Brougham, and even they were driven
froth power by the unanimous voice of the Irish people.
But I return to the object of the Reform Bill ; it in-
tended to terminate the dominion of the House of Peers.
—(Hear, hear.) It intended to give the House of
Commons a share in the adniinStration of affairs ; and if
Lord Melbourne and the Ministry acted upon the prin-
ciple on which that measure was passed, they would
have been strong in popular support, and the Lords
would have yielded.—(Cheers.) But there was not
sufficient energy and decision in the Ministry to take
that rational course.—(Hear, hear.) They sent up no
measure that they did not first ask and inquire if it was
light enough to pass through the House of Lords, and
thus they lost the public sympathy and support in Eng-
land and Scotland.--(Hear, hear.) By reason of their
Irish policy alone, they were enabled to preserve office.
—(Cheers.) England was not governed by a faction
different from the people at large ; Scotland was not
governed by a faction different to the people at large.
No Scotchman was elevated to high rank, because he
was inimical to the people of Scotland ; but in Ireland
every situation, from the highest judgeship to•the lowest
policeman, was open to her enemies.—(Hear, hear.)
The Ministry by altering this policy and only looking to
the capacity of the individual, have made such an im-
pression upon Irish giatitude, that they have continued
in office by the Irish, voice of Irislt .representativese,
—:(Cheers.) They lost Much in Scotland, morgin•Eog,..,
land, but were maintained in power by all that was li-
beral in Ireland.—(Loud cheers.) The House of
Lords at last got weary of this state of things. Had I
the energy and force of language possessed by Mr.
Barrett, I might describe in suitable terms the atro-
cious baseness and characteristic hatred exhibited to-
wards Ireland in the last debate in that House. There
were Roden, and Jocelyn, and Donoughmore, and
Cherie% ille.—(Hisses.) But above all, there was
Brougham—(Renewed hisses and groans)—a man ad-
mired for his great talents and mighty genius, but des-
pised for the rotteness of his heart—one upon whom no
party can.rely—one without a single qualification as a
judge—one as well adapted for the office of executioner
as for delivering judgment.—(Loud cheers and laughter.)
That man took the part of the Orange faction, and op-
posed that excellent person Lord Normanby; But, my
friends, what signifies our canvassing the conduct of
those persons if an exertion is not made that they shall
not be made our Ministers. They have hurraed for the
fight—let us hurra for the resistance.—(Great cheer-
ing.) On this occasion the Ministry have done well—
exceeding well. They said the battle is proclaimed
against us on Irish ground, and immediately Lord John
came down and said the battle day is fixed—the battle
of impartiality and fair play against tyranny and injes-
*-tice.—(Loud cheering.) The Lords have said Ire-
land is to be misgoverned, and on this ground the
battle is to be fought. I come here to know what
share the Irish people will take in this battle ? My
own part is easily taken. England and Scotland are
interested in the struggle. If we succeed, we encourage
the Ministry to take up the cause of England, and to
abandon the absurd system of finality.—(Cheers.)
Finality and man As if there could be anythir6r final
in human improvement—as if those who come after us
will not be fitter for freedom than we who have but
emerged from the gloom of slavery.--(Cheers.) The
Lords have begun the fight. Let us succeed, and the
Commons commence the next.—(Great cheering.) But
if the Ministry have not unanimity enough, let one be
composed of men who will dare to do all that is right
for the advancement of the people's cause. England
and Scotland are, I said, interested in this contest ;
but how much more so are the people of Ireland ?
(Hear, hear.) What, I ask, has brought me amongst
you ? To call on Ireland to rally—(Cheers)—to call
for my two millions of Precursors—to call on every
county, city, town, parish, and village to rally round me
—to appoint a day for simultaneous meetings through-
out Ireland. Let next Sunday week, after mass, be the
day. Let us have petitions from every parish in Ire-
land. We are not going to succumb again to the
Orange fac:ion.—(Cheers,) I am not a preacher of
physical force ; I have been opposed to it my whole
life ; but I say this—in many parts of Ireland " the wild
justice of revenge" would take place—life and property
would be in danger—nay, the throne itself would not
be secure, if the Orange faction came into power.—
(Cheers.) If you knew how they groaned for it.—
(Laughter.) It they fasted all the Lent, they would
MI6 be -mora hungry for flesh. meat °Mist er Sired:-:! 96
(Loud laughter.) Near twelve years have now
elapsed since it was a great treat—when they had
the milk and honey and left the bitter waters
of oppression, and cruelty, and partiality to the
people at large.--(Cheers.) Why, Sir, they never
more eagerly thirsted for power than at the present ; nor
were they ever so virulent as now. It is said of those me- '
phitic and venomous animals that crawl about marshy
and filthy places that as they approach nearer to ex-
tinction they but bite more virulently.—(Loud cheers.)
Oh ! let us take care of the bite of Orangeism.—
(Cheers.) It is yet day—we have time to destroy it.—
(Loud cheers.) Do not speak to the Irishman who will not
become a PrecursOr.—(Cheers.) I do not mean those
who are looking for places. It appears for them there is
no inducement.—(Laughter.) But I want those who
are not looking for places to join me. Ireland's sons de-
serve to be as free as any nation in the world, and I im-
plore the guidance and countenance of. her chaste and
lovely daughters in her cause, without whom no mortal
cause ever yet prospered.—(Great cheering.) Matrons
look back and recollect the unworthy servitude of your
sons.—(Cheers.) Oh, I pity the human being that
will be able, without a blush, to sustain the soft and in-
dignant eye that tells him, you are not worthy of me
because you are not worthy of your country.—(Loud
and continued cheers.) Let us, Sir, tell the Duke of
Wellington. inimical as he is to the interests and wel-
fare of Ireland, that he cannot trample on us ; nor can
crafty Peel, insinuating as his words are, though I would
not give twopence for what he says, be ever able, should
he obtain office, to remain quietly in the possession of
it.—(Hear, hear.) Let all the parishes in Ireland meet
on Sunday week.—(Hear, hear.) Let us assemble si-
multineously, and thus proclaim our might in a manner
not to be misunderstood.—(Cheers.) The parishes of
Dublin ought to set the example, and I'll contrive my-
self to be present at them all.—(Hear, hear.) I be-
lieve agitation gives me the facility of the bird,
which used to be in two places at once. I shall,
in, the meantime, prepare a short address to the Queen,
which I will bring with me here at twelve o'clock to-
morrow, telling her that there are not more loyal sub-
jects, nor any more attached to her throne, her power,
and dignity, the advancement of her happiness, and the
prosperity of the empire, than the Irish people.—
(Cheers.) Let us also address the House of Com-
mons, and tell them that if the House of Lords and
others should come into collision, we will rally with
them for justice and old Ireland.—(Cheers.) • We
want no support from them but fair play and justice.
Let them avoid appointing partisan sheriff:4, and there
would no longer exist juries who would be biassed in
their judgments by the prejudices they carried into the
jury box ; let them also take care that those appointed
as judges of the land will not follow in the footsteps
nor adopt the line of conduct which existed formerly,
and they will no longer be able to inflict evils on the
country.—(Hear, hear.) The Magistracy must be
disarmed—the powers of the police placed in the hands
of men who will do their duty with impartiality. If
they do not do this they will be visited with our curses
and indignation.—(Loud cheers.) If they do not
follow this line of policy what will be the consequence
it is not difficult to foresee. Would the British Go.
vernment dare to go to war with the weakest country in
Europe, with power placed in the hands of Peel and
Wellington? Would they dare to do so, and Ireland
in the condition in which she would then be placed ? If
they mean, then, to strengthen the throne,• and make
themselves equal, nay, superior to any nation in the
world, let them take the right arm of Ireland, join with
her heart and hand, I say to the British people, and
you will be irresistible.—( Cheers.) I have, Sir, .pre-
pared a form of an address, which, though I had not time
to read it over, I will read to you.—(Hear, hear.)
I'll move that it be referred to a Committee for that pin.-
pose—(Hear)—who will meet to-morrow, and I will
also prepare a form of petition, both of which we will
have printed and circulated as widely as possible, and
then all the parishes in Ireland shall meet—at each
meeting an address to the Queen to be adopted, as well
as a petition to the House of Commons, calling on
them to protect Ireland from the hands of a faction
that are trying to thwart in every possible way the in-
tentions of a kind and merciful Government.—(Cheers.)
. That is my motion, Sir, and I will now, in ,conclusion,
read the address to which I have alluded. The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman then read the following :

" TO THE PEOPLE OF IRELAND.
"' Hereditary bondsmen, know ye not
Who would be free, themselves must strike the blow?'

" Fellow Countrymen—One of those occasions has
arrived which in former times were either thrown away
by Irishmen or perverted to bad purposes, but for which
they have lately shown themselves fitted, and have
turned to the best advantage. A crisis has taken place
in the affairs of Ireland which must result either in se-
curing the continuance of a just and impartial Govern-
ment, or in restoring the old sanguinary reign of blood-
thirsty Orangeism, and filling the land once again with
partiality, injustice, violence, and bloodshed.
" Before the passing of the Reform Bill, the Peers of
Great Britain, with the aid of a few of the landed pro-
prietors, held the Monarch in thraldom, and the people
n subjection—the will of the aristocracy was the law of

the land, and the House of Commons w..ts_controueu
a majority of the nominees of a fi,w, individuals-
" The object of the Reform Bill SVZ;_fQ:
constitutional state of things, and to give
,to t.
mons House of Parlament a sahVary cuittrol over
other branches of the Legislature.
form Bill to work well 'the Ministr.
sought a contest and collision with thy

—they ought to have adopted such measures of ame-
lioration, economy, legal and judicial and ecclesiastical
improvements, as would have embodied the opinions of
all the wise and good in the British dominions. com-
pelled the House of Lords to yield to the popular scu-
t invent, and, however reluctantly, to concur in perfcct-
jag all our institutions.
" These great purposes, however, would have re-
quired an administration composed of men of energy

and decision, of talent and patriotism.
" But, alas! our leading men were unequal to tb-
great occasion. With vixen forwardness, 'they pas-,.;
the first session of the first Reform Bill in traleplit).:

upon Ireland, and binding her ,fast in the of th
Coercion Bill. Ireland had, however, her revenge',

d

the leading coercionists in the Ministry were flung a::46e
by their own colleagues. Another Liberal Ministry wls
formed-of rather better materials, but who have altoge-
ther shrunk from the majestic duty imposed upon thew.
They have submitted to.and 'shrunk from the usurpa7
tion of the. Lords, and sought an-inglorious peace by re-
fusing to press forward, or even concur in, measures of,
eminent public utility; and indeed, of obVious,-neeessity.
The rest of 'the empire had reason to complain ; but
Ireland had this singular advantage, that in the absenk.e
of Legislative relief, she obtained adMinistrative pant-
tion of her evils. The Government of Ireland was con-
ducted with mildness, lenity, and ab,;ve.all, with perfect
impartiality. The law was administered with
but without partizan zeal. Official station was the
reward of fitness and due' capacity ; and to bate and
depress the Irish people Was no longer cOnsidered as the
sole route to rank and station. In short, Ireland was,
for the first time in seven centuries, well and properly
governed. Public affairs were longer administacd
for the benefit of a virulent and blood-thirsty flotica,
but were managed for the advantage of the nation at
large.

'°This state of things was too good tooe permitted to
exist : accDrdingly the Peers determined to restune their
power, and as a majority of the House of Commons
were favourable to the just and important administr,itii,n
of high affairs, the House of Lords determined to ter-

minate the reign of justice and impartiality in Ireland,
and to restore the hideous dominion of Orange corrup-
tion, partiality, and oppression.
" That collision, which the Ministry and the House 0-
Commons shrunk from, the Lordshave boldly proclaimed.
" The ungenerous Wellington, who would be the b.,eo
of his native land—the unprincipled Brougham, th
calamity of every party to Which he has ever belong,
—have placed themselves at the he-ad of the, Orange
menials, and have proclaimed their determination to sub-
vert the present Administration. They have uttacl>,.,.(l

that 'Administration on its strongest point, tl
went pf Ireland. • •
" The• Queen's Ministers, on:. the other h
met this attack, in the proper spirit—
allowed the cry of collision from th' Pec
answered. They, too, have prOclaithed col
the House of Commons, in little more than
will have to decide whether the Lords •are to b

-tii~ t'

paramount in the Legislature, or whether, on the e„,i_
trary, the House of Commons is to assume its prover
attitude, at least on one subject, and to check the
threatened and pressing despotism of the Lifds.
... If the Ministry succeed (as succeed they ought,
and. we trust will), it will teach them a salutary le,son
-may they have the wisdom to •learn and to practise
it ! It is this : that their safety as a Ministry, and,
what is infinitely more, the safety of the Throne ant;
nation, depend on their firmly though cautiously joining
in the popular movement, and insisting upon all those
ameliorations which our institutions require, and which
the people; if once they were inspired with hope, would
unanimously and irresistibly demand.
" For the present,lreland is the object of contention—
Ireland is the battle-field upon which the first great fight
is to be fought. Irishmen, it is our rights—our liber-
ties—our properties—and our lives that are at stake.
The great question is,• whether -we are to be go-
verned in a spirit of fairness and impartiality, or
driven to the precincts of despair, and many of u:!, per-
haps, forced to resort to the " wild justice of revenge,"
or to more criminal, and, at the' same time more sense-
less insurrection.

" Irishmen ! Lovers of peace and constitutional
liberty !—lrishmen, s: ho. for so many years have
pursued the paths.. of constitutional agitation with-
out violating any law of man, or (we trust)
offending any ordinanea of God—lrishmen ! once
more peaceably and firmly rally for your country and
your Queen. Let there be a simultaneous rally—on
next Sunday Week, after you have bent your knees and
bowed down your hearts before the throne of the Cod
of mercy--let every parish in Ireland send forwml its
bumble 'but firm petition and address—an address to
tic Queen—a petition to the House of Qommens-
+74.wrr

'aver be to coustilmv-and increase the sprrit of
just and impartial government in Ireland, to Uep from
us the minions of a bigoteckoppressice, and sanguinary
faction, and to identify the interests as well as the
franchises aid liberties of Ireland with those of England ;
and let us await, fearlesslyand hopefully, the result.
" Hurrah then for the Queen and old Ireland—for
old Ireland and the Queen.

" DANIEL O'CONNELL, Chairman of the Committre2
The motion was put from the Chair, and carried
unanimously.

Mr. O'CONNELL then moved that the address b
printed, and said that he would undertake to have
,of the petition prepared on the followingr, day.
Mr. SUER LALOR seconded the motion.
• The adoption of the address, subject to the rtvi.:iol
of the Committee, was then put and carried unanimously
Mr. O'CONNELL—The next motion is that ev orl
parish in Ireland be requested to meet on next SoiklaN
week, to address the Queen, and• petition the Lugi
lature on the subject of the address.
Counsellor FITZGERALD then'addressed the meeting
after which

trait

Mr. O'CoNNELL moved that the meeting do adjourn
to Monday next, as it is probable that on Tuesday,
there will be a general meeting fora different purpoee,
and at which Lord Charlemont will preside. Ou IV an_
day I shall submit to the meeting certain measures,
rules, and regulations, for the further extension of ti:;.
Precursor body.
Mr. SETON said, that on the hst day of meeting lu
bad given notice of a motion, which be would take thw
opportunity of bringing forward. The motion was;
" that it be referred to the Committee to make such
arrangements as would be found most effective for the
dispatch of business."
Mr. O'BRIEN seconded the motion, which was car-
ried.

Mr. FITZGERALD said he had forgotten to mention
one circumstance which he should have stated in his
observations. One of the objects of the Society was
stated to be the total extinction of tithes. As a Pro-
testant, he wished to know whether, in case of obtain-
ing a total extinction of that impost, they would not
make some provision for the support of the Protestant
clergy ?
MT. O'CONNELL—OUT object is either the extint--
tion of tithes, or their appropriation to public or legi:
mate purposes.
Mr. SETON—I may add, on that subject, in addi-
tion to what has fallen from Mr. O'Connell, that th
Ministry have in fact committed an act of spoliation
towards the Protestant clergy. They first made them
give up their right to the tithes, and then they com-
pelled them to take a fund
.for their payment_ wine.'
has been found not to pay them more than 30 p( r
cent., while the 'measure introduced by Mr. O'Connell,
and which was so indignantly refused, would ensure
them 70 Per cent.

Mr. O'CONNELL-Eighty per cont.—(Hear.)
Mr. O'CoNNELL then announced that the subscrip-
tions received since the last day of meeting amounted to
326/. Hs. 4(l.—(Loud cheers.)
On the motion of Mr. O'CoNNELL, Nicholas Markey,
Esq., was called to the Chair,
Mr. O'CONNELL-I have' the honour to move the
marked thanks of the meeting to my old and respected
friend, Counsellor Guthrie. I have known him for many
years, and I hare always seen him peculiarly distin-
guished for his disinterested patriotism. •
The motion was put front_ the chair, and carried una-
nimously.
The meeting then separated.

------,-,-------
We have the means of knowing that it was the
lase Lieutenant R. Standish Holy who suggested to the
'public and the Admiralty the. necessity of more attention
to naval gunnery, in his pamphlet published in 1e22, pad.,.
2. We are induced to publish this fact because we obs.erv,
an apparent wish on the part of the Lords of the Admiralty
to keep behind the curtain from whom the improvernen.:i.—
that have been made in the naval service originated
Times.
LONDON AND HALIFAX MAIL.--TiliS exoci
lent first rate mail will cease running on the •111) of liter:
next, to London, and on the sth downwardownwards; after viile
it is intended to - expedite the London letters by t'}','
railroad and the Birmingham mail. —York Courant '
The Tories are on the alert af.._?,ttiti at
borough, and have post-d a notice for attempting
rate. The Liberals are alive as well, and hc•li
on Monday evening, at the Ship Inn ; Mr.
wood in the chair. The chairman, the Rev
( Unitarian minister) and other ge—,---
a:eL(Citl,'
addresses.—Hullildvertiser.
gamekeeper to the
QUEENSFEItItY.--E--- I
-----"' Esq., ke.-
of the little rabid warren of Toryism in ti •- .)(
about to remove to a snug berth provided for It pi '
He has been upwards of twenty years •
Tory faction in the former place.
fothuerteie)al - - I 'Cr
AM.--
having
suffereddied
DEATH OF TIIE ARCHBISHOP'
Palace in Tuam on
OF .-11 4 :
Thi This
Tuesday,estimaafltdecr
fever. His Grace was brother to th2ll days under typhus
the present Earl of Clancartv. ate, and uncle to
now extinct, and the See d T The Archbishopric is
Killala as a Bishopric. Dr. S uam will be united to
College, is spokenof Sadder, Provost of Trinity
as the new 13. h
,Cor:espondent. lB op.— Tinas Dubli

men, d
