SPIRIT or THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

A Manifesto has been published by the Em-
peror of Russia, the professed purpose of which
is to congratulate his subjects on the restoration
of peace with the Porte. After making a lavish
use of the name and favour of Divine Provi-
dence, his Imperial Majesty takes quietly for
granted that the " whole world is sufficiently
acquainted with the irresistible necessity which
alone could force us to have recourse to arms."
The manifesto next pays a just tribute—and no
more, we confess, than just—to the fortitude
and intrepidity of the brave Russian soldiers,
who displayed equal prowess in their combats
with a valiant enemy, and in their triumph over
natural obstacles, which, for many ages, had
baffled the attempts of every previous invader.
Nor does his Majesty omit a species of praise,
which cannot be less dear to a gallant soldier
than the highest approbation bestowed upon his
courage, viz, that which has been fairly woo by
the troops of Russia throughout the course of
this latter campaign, for the exemplary order,
mildness, and forbearance, which they have ex-
hibited towards the peaceable inhabitants of
Turkey. So far we can sincerely sympathise.
with the feelings expressed by his Imperial Ma-
jesty. The Manifesto further states no more

ihair truth, when it affirms that repeated offers
of peace were made by the Court of St. Peters-
burgh to the Sultan, at different stages of the
contest, and that the Porte had obstinately, and
almost without hearing, refused them. We
do not know to what extent the Turk
may have been governed in this indif-
ference towards the Russian proposals by
confidence in his own means of war, or
in the military interposition of friendly Powers,
or both. That he miscalculated his resources is
now beyond a question, and it would be less a
matter of regret for Christendom if he and his
Mahometans were to be the only sufferers. It is
truly asserted by the manifesto, that the " blood
of the Russian warriors has been redeemed by
.numerous_ advantages." More numerous,. in-
deed, than this -official document acknowledges ;
for, in speaking of ‘" the just indemnities se
cured" to Russia, it omits all mention of that
military occupation of Turkey in Europe, by
which the said indemnities are ostensibly " se-
cured," but, at least in the eyes of most reflect-
ing persons, are rendered altogether impracti-
cable. Many people talk of the " moderation"
of Nicholas in the conditions imposed on Turkey
by the Treaty. Now there are two distinct
modes of considering this Treaty, in reference to
its quality of moderation. If looked at with re•
(yard exclusively to Turkey, and to what min be
termed the morality of the Emperor towarils a
♦anquished and prostrate foe, there can be no
difficulty in confessing that he has forborne to
seize Constantinople when there was nothing to
oppose his occupation of it ; that he has not de-
clared himself Sovereign of immense territories
which there was no Turkish force to wrest from
his hands or in any manner to deter him from
appropriating ; that, in short, whenever a con-
queror spontaneously gives up when he might
have retained, it may be placed on the credit
side of his " moderation." It is not, there-
fore, on behalf of Turkey, that any European
Statesman would dream of reproaching Russia
with ambition. The immoderate and alarm-

ing character of the late Treaty does not
come out until we look at it from England,
France, or Austria as a centre ; nor ought the
complaint to be felt as an offensive one on the
part of Russia herself; for, in fact, it is not at
her morals or her politics that the European
world is disposed to murmur—but only at her
position. The Emperor Nicholas may how,
done, perhaps he has done, little more than
what was his duty as a Russian Sovereign pre-
scribed. people's prejudices (carefully fos-
toed and directed to such ends) may have pushed
him onwards to the extinction of the Moslem
name ; but the consequence to Europa is not
the less important. Russia, not as a moral, but
a statistical and geographical culprit, stands forth
more obnoxious to public jealousy than ever.
Prudence leads all experienced statesmen to
sume that much power will employ itself in tho
acquisition of more, and thus recommends that
measures of counteraction, if they are to be
effectual, should not be too long retarded, We
repeat it, that Russia was strong enough for self-
defenee—fbr civilization and improvement—be-
fore her frontier had advanced beyond tht,,
risthenes ; and too strong to be medicated
out increasing apprehension, at each succeeding
stage of her rapid progress towards the Niemen
and the Vistula—the Euxine and the Prutb,
Let her deal as she will with middle Asia, we care,
but very little. Let her try India, it will not vex us
much—or North America, whither a single stride
from the genial regions of Kamtschatka has carried
her. It is not more than three or four years
since the exemplary " moderation" of the ca-
binet of St. Petersburgh showed itself it an at_
tempt to monopolize the whole " fAue water"
from Asia to America—to blockade the Pacific,
as it has latterly done the Dardan;Ales, and to
play, like the Leviathan, its solitary gambols
through the depths of the Northern Ocean. The
design, indeed, was baffled and explained away
we hardly know how ; but there it is, " an his-
torical fact," like poor Lord Castlereagh's re-
monstr.mce against the seizure of Poland, and
so characterised in the words of that grey!„
q
though not always fortunate, negotiator. 'Let,
we say, Russia go in any direction but the one.
She may have the commerce of the uxine, the
Bosphorus, the Dardanelles, the Mediterranean,
and welcome. She is cn,Weel to it all, and
Europe is entitled to see Russian commerce
flourish. But the uncontrolled command is
something more than the free navigation of these
watevs. There is no reason why Russia, on
self-protective principles, should seek so invidi-
ous a power ; there is none why, on other than
defensive principles, she should be permitted to
enjoy it. When we see the pecuniary indemni-
ties so much insisted on reduced within a
which Turkey can afford to pay—wi,,en the
Russian troops evacuate her soil;
Rus-
sian functiouartes surrender the a-.;ministration of
her Government—;will iind the
-t be. time enough to
read Europe a lecture
:in the "moderation"
evinced by this dexte.:ous treaty.— Times.
We have Leen favoured with an interview by
a Gentleman just returned from Ireland, whose
connection with, and intimate knowledge of,
that country, joined to the facilities for obtain-
ing correct information, which an official station
places at his disposal, give to his opinions an
authority,fe
ra;cle.\
invest‘e
, themshall
s‘tvai
tt
eh
tahoc she oarapeitiipei rorti'sf.
authenticity, to which we feel disposed to a
in his own words z—" Without shutting
my eyes
to the existence of much petty acrimony on the
part of the two factions which have so ljmn.
to et ging
cted Ireland, and acknowledging in (its full
extent the existence of certain inveterate abuses
which n has hitherto been found impossible to

reach, I am yet perfectfy satisfied that the ge-
neral condition of that country affords evidence
of indisputable improvement, and may be fairly
considered a subject for congratulation. 'Dis-
tress exists there (where does it not exist ?),
but the condition of the general population is
one of decided amelioration. The Revenue is
slowly but steadily improving ; the feuds are
insensibly losing their character of ferocious Li-
gotry ; the tranquillity of districts recently dis-
turbed is gradually increasing ; the confidence in
the fair administration of justice appears to gain
ground ; the excitement observable in some of
the counties, where circumstances indicate the
approach of contested elections, is of a character so
nearly approaching to the legitimate and whole-
some agitation which accompanies them in Eng-
land ; the good effects of recent reforms in the
various public departments are so obvious and
so universally admitted ; the facilities for the due
administration of the laws in districts hitherto
scarcely entitled to the appellation of civilized,
have been so much augmented by the appoint.
ment of intelligent and resolute stipendiary Ma-
gistrates ; offenders have been in so many late
Instances detected and secured to await the judg-
ment of the proper tribunals ; there appears a de-
termination so general and so marked, to dis-
courage the union of a secular politician and a
religious instructor in the same individual ; the
rational and dispassionate men of all denomina-
tions appear so fully convinced of the fatal ten-
dency of religious dissensions, and of their utter
inefficiency in forwarding any one desirable
object : All these considerations, combined with
some well judged and popular measures on the
part of those to whom the administration of
Irish affairs is more especially entrusted, bears
me fully out in my position, that th! progress of
eve:its in the Sister Kingdom is a fair and legi-
timate subject for congratulation." We shall
not weaken the effect of this statement by a word
of comment. We shall content ourselves with
assuring our readers, that it comes directly from
an individual having all those advantages for
observation which, in the commencement of this
article, we stated him to possess.—Morn. Chron.
Horace Walpole, writing to Mr. Montague
in 1756, says, " But what do you think of
young Mr. James Lowther, who, not of age,
becomes master of one or two and forty thousand
pounds a year ? England will become a Flep-
tarchy, the property of six or seven eople ! The
Duke of B d is fallen to be not above
the fourth rich man in the island." The pre-
ponderance of a few great families seems to have
struck this acute observer as an innovation,
fraught with the most important consequences,
in a constitutional point of view. Since that
time the disparity of fortunes has become still
more remarkable, One dozen of men possess
an income and influence equal to those of the
whole of the rest of the Peerage. Let us take
for example only nine of them—the Duke of
Devonshire, the Duke of Bedford, the Duke of
Northumberland, the Duke of Buccieugh, the
Marquis of Stafford, the Earl of Lonsdale,
Earl Fitzwilliaten Earl Grosvenor, and Earl
Harewcod. What an enormous share of the
property of the whole order we have here ! We
have more than once remarked that the property
of the privileged orders bears but a small propor-
tion to that of the whole country. The income
of the whole House of Peers, for instance, has
seldom been estimated at more than two millions
and a half. The saving in the expence of car-
riage between Liverpool and Manchester, by a
late improvement, is alone estimated at 600,0001.
a tear; that is, one fourth of the income of the
Peerage. But then while entails and other cir-
cumstances have thrown three or fbur Ducal
estates into the possession of single Peers, and
in this manner a few individuals have obtained
su striking a preponderance, the remaining
property of the country has become more and
more divided. Arid this accumulation of estates
on the one hand, and division on the other, are
the cause of the political impotence in which
the people are now placed. 'The secondary class
of gentry laet only a generation or two. The
owner of an estate of 10001. a )ear, for instance,
if he have three or four children, must either
eel; the estate, or mostgage it so deeply to pro-
vide for the younger children that in another
generation it must come to the hammer, Titus
the 'civet mess of property of the country he
a constant Ntate of circulation. But the great
landowners, who possess., political power, arc
under no necessity of diminishing their estates;
for they have all the Church property, which is
larger in arnoont than their private fortunes, at
their disposal, and the monopoly of all the rich
pkices under the Government ; so that their
children can always be peovided for at the ex-
pence of the public. Since the time of the
Commonwealth a very great change bac taken
plaice in the condition of this country. At that
time great Landlords possessed more of the
property of the country than at present ; but
there was not that prepondereting influence in a
small number of individuals we now witness. In
our days the middle classes have beseorne pos-
sessed of a share, of property out of all pre-
portion greater than they then possessed ; but
from the distribution of political influence that
property is only made to rie-et the chains of the
people, by increasing the fund I's-Qin which the
privileged fete derive inexhaustible friE:l;;C pi per-
petuating their dominion, and a constantly ope-
Y.lting motive for •gPirtlpting the principles of
the population. It is to this unequal distribu-
tion ,o 4 property, and the necanopoly of political
!salver, which enables the holdeee of that pro-
perty to dispose es they please of the pliffsk3 se-
seeurces, that we atteilmte the singular spectacle
(Male!) this country atTo4i; of a numerous wealthy
middle elass, without the Artoes usually found
in that JUR, There is throes-bons. the country
a great proficiency in the arts of pnednetion.
Mechanical contrivances of all sorts every where
abound, But there is lie taste for the highest
oljects of inquiry. The literature cif the coun-
try is almost exclusively what is esitseil light
reading, The Press of F.t
rence and Germany'
teems with books in all the higher branches of -
literature, which afford an unqudstlooehle evi-
dence of the existence of superior cultivation in
the middle classes of these two countries. In-
deed, of education in this country these is lite-
rally nothing deserving the name in the present
day. Even the object w 144 is supposed to en-
gross the attention of youth—ti&e g!lidy of the
classics—is not attnined, The two richest Uni-
versities in the world, Oxford and Cambridge,
only distinguish themselves by occasionally
printing the labours of soot. German schder.—
Enough of classical literature is, however, ac-
quired by the Aristocracy to make them pe-
dants, for what can be in more wretched taste
titan the practice of quoting Latin in an As-
sembly of Country Gentlemen, by ninety-nine in
a hundred of whom it is not understood ? The
immense interest which the high Aristocracy have
in the perpetuation of the existing system in
the phi-
Church and State, and in corrupting

ciples of the nation, has produced due fruits.
What must strike every foreigner in the literature
and social intercourse of England is a tone of
hypocrisy and disingenuousness. There are so
many interests arrayed against candid inquiry,
that prudence is every where on the alert. I►►
other countries diversity of opinion is not viewed
as a crime, and inquiry is nct interdicted. In
England all opinions but those which favour the
predominant interests are proscribed. It is true
the Churchmen arrogate to themselves a supe-
riority in this respect over the Dissenters. Thus,
for instance, in Field's Memoirs of Dr. Parr,
we are told that " his (Dr. Parr's) concern for
the honour and happiness of the Dissenting
Clergy led him to remark with regret the re-
straint under which they are too ofte❑ held by
their congregations. Though fettered by their
forms in other respects, yet in that respect (he
said,) the Ministers in the Church enjoyed more
freedom than those out of it :" and he concur-
red in the observation of a friend, that among
the Nonconformists in England, and the Pres-
byterians in Scotland, " it was not the learned
who teach the people what to believe ; but the
people who prescribe to the learned what they
are to teach." But it would not be difficult to
show that the mental slavery of the Dissenters
has the same origin with the corruption in
Church and State. The system on which we
are animadverting is unquestionably strong ; and
it may hold out for a considerable time. The
people themselves will only succeed in acquiring,
the influence to which they are entitled when fa-
voured by circumstances. The Aristocracy will
never yield one jot of their power till forced, by
an overwhelming necessity ; and the people are
in too prostrate a state to be able to vindicate
their rights. The middle classes are all too
much engrossed by the desire of wealth and
expensive living, to concern themselves with
public rights. But it is in the nature of power to
he aggressive. The Aristocracy of this country
will, like other Potentates, push their triumphs
to the point where reaction commences. We
have seen that the expenditure is never diminish-
ed, whatever the necessities of the nation—
whatever the distresses of the industrious classes.

Two very interesting documents will be found
to-day amongst our foreign intelligence—one a
Manifesto of the Emperor Nicholas to his sub-
jects on the conclusion of peace with the Porte,
in which his Imperial Majesty claims great
merit for himself on the hackneyed score of mo-
deration ; but dilates, at the same time, with a
pride amounting to ostentation, and which he
takes no pains whatever to disguise, on the trans-
cendant advantages which a series of splendid
victories, crowned by an honourable peace, have
secured to his empire. The other is a declara-
tion, on the part of Prussia, explanatory of the
motives which induced her to interpose in the
affairs of the East, and containing a concise
history of the negotiations which were the im-
mediate effects of that interposition. Though
the Court of Berlin was too prudent to set forth
in this document, the whole of its claims to the
merit of having successfully interposed between
two powers, with pretensions so apparently irre-
concilable, yet enough is let out to show that,
at every stage of the late negotiations, its
representatives acted a most influential part. It
was at the recommendation of Baron Muffling,
" whose rank and personal charactor were pecu-
liarly qualified to assure the Sultan of the im-
portance of his mission, and give him confidence
in the pacific overtures which he was to make,"
that the Porte was persuaded to listen to pro-
posals for an accommodation, and that the Rus-
sian General was prevailed on to stop in his rapid
career of victory. The ,negotiations, after hav
ing been brought to a nearly fortunate conclu-
sion, would have been broken off, and Constan-
tinople occupied shortly afterwards by the Rus-
sian army, whose advanced posts had been pushed
almost up to its gates, but for the appearance
of a Dens ex nzachina, in the person of
another Prussian diplomatist (M. Von Royer),
who hastened to the Russian camp, and
cut the knot with a promptitude which formed
a striking contrast with the part played at
that decisive juncture by our own Ambassador.
In the whole of these, as well as the preceding
transactions, we miss the energetic, or rather pa-
ramount, influence which used to characterize
British diplomacy ; and our Cabinet, whose con-
duct is perfectly unaccountable, appears from be-
ginning to end to have moved in the same dull,
timid, and narrow circle—paralyzing the Coun-
cils of the Sultan by the tameness of its policy,
and suffering the Russians, from a false respect
for their belligerent rights, to gain one decisive
advantage after another over a Power, whose
subjugation, in the opinion of many, would en-
danger the existence of our Indian empire, and
perhaps reduce us, before many years, to the ne-
ceasity of subsidizing all Europe again, to prevent
a recurrence of the danger with which a conquer
ing Power had menaced us before. We are not
sure that we have escaped from that necessity yet;
for, the accession ofpower and consideration which
Russia has derived from the matchless skill
antl courage she displayed in the late contest,
will enable her, for the future, to assume a
decided controul in the affairs of the world,
and to oppose British influence with advantage
at every point. In Greece, Portugal, Turkey—
in short, in every country where we ought to
e-ac'..eie an undisputed controul, we shall find
Russia ready and eager to contend with us for
supremacy ; and the potability is, that we must
either renounce all rivalry at once, pr renew
with her that mortal combat we fought some
years ago with imperial France. All this might
have been nreventcd had our Cabinet employed
a language beeomn
this country, and enforced
iz
it by a small naval aiinament, as soon as the
Russians prepared to pass the Pruth. But we
never think of the conduct of Ministers on that
occaa;oo, without being convinced that to it
alone is dus t4e nrostration of the Turkish em-
pire, as well as the aiareanlg increase of power
which Russia has just acquired,--,—Mornog
Hcrald.

Among tb mpst obvious of' the absurdities
and contradictions into which the tribe of self-
called political economists, who have reduced this
once flourisl4g and happy country to its present
state of misery and embarrassment, fall, is this—,
that while they profess to adyocat4 on the one
hand a systeni of free trade, they expect it, on
the other, to be carried Gil with a restricted eur!-
rency. This to our apprehen6on, and to gym,
reasinlid;le man's common sense, we should think,
must appear ilka ez,pecting a bird to fly after
having first clipped its wings, currency is no-
thing inure than the representative of property
and the substitup for barter ; and the preCioo
metals form at once a convenient part' of that
currency, and the least fluctuating standard of
value. To what extent currency exists ought
not to be an object of any anxiety, much less of
alarm to the GovernMent of a country ; and all
the Legislature at an time has to do with it:is

to see that it be issued upon safe principles--
viz., that it on all occasions represents actual
value ; but whether that value be gold, silver,
land, hoses, tea, coffee, cotton, or tobacco, is a
matter of no, earthly concern, farther than that
the more extensive this representative of value
is the more rich and prosperous must the coun-
try be which possesses it. These principles will,
we are aware, sound very strange and heterodox
in the ears of the theory-mongers, who, from
Mr. Horner and the Bullion Committee down-
wards, would have us believe that one or other
of the precious metals forms the only legitimate
currency into which all others should be imme-
diately convertible. We hold, however, the
paper circulation of a country to be in every re-
spect as valuable and legitimate as gold, pro-
vided it represents real value : and, moreover,
that without it neither the Revenue can be col.
lected nor the enormous mercantile and every-
day domestic money concerns of such a commu-
nity as ours carried on. Above all, looking
at our peculiar situation, we contend that to
contract an enormous public debt in one descrip-
tion of currency and to attempt to pay either
the principal or the interest in another, is
a proposition impossible in itself, and such
as could enter the mind of no practical .man,
unless it were one from whose mind the
delusions of mere theory had driven every grain
of common sense. We are well aware of the
distinction which exists in application between a
bill of exchange and a promissory note payable
to bearer ; but, as long as each represents actual
property, they differ but in name, and in the ex-
tent and way in which they form part of the na-
. tional currency. The daily transactions of the
clearing-house in Lombard-street, where enor-
mous sums in paper are daily exchanged against
each other without ever being converted into
money, is no unapt practical proof that the pre-
cious metals may be the standard of value with-
out being the medium. Though we may have
imperfectly expressed ourselves, our creed, as
must be perceived, is a very concise one ; and
all, we apprehend, which is wanting to restore
the currency to that wholesome state from which
" political economy" has removed it, is, that the
Legislature shall take care to place such guards
ou the issues of a paper currency as shall render it
universally a representative of actual value.—lbid.

We have now before us two documents,which
have reached us through the medium of the
Paris and German Papers, which, if any doubts
could have been entertained of the sinister po-
licy, and ambitious designs, entertained by
Russia, must convince the most sceptical of the
very slender foundations on which they rested.
The first is a Manifesto on the part of the Em-
peror of Russia, and the second a similar Ma-
nifesto on the part of the Prussian Government.
The Manifesto of the Emperor announces to his
subjects the conclusion of peace at Adrianople,
in a language and manner worthy of the rescript
which he addressed to General Diebitsch, and
at the completion of the great object which he
had at heart in commencing the war. The
document is addressed directly to the people
of Russia, but it is in the course of it
made to tell a sad tale to every Eu-
ropean Government, interested in preventing the
aggrandizement of Russia, and the dismember-
ment of the Turkish empire. The " imperial
professor of moderation," as the Emperor has
been very aptly styled by a cotemporary, first
ascribes the success with which the Russian arms
have been crowned, to the interposition of di-
vine Providence in their favour, and then pro-
ceeds in a style of exultation at the victories
which they have achieved, which shews how very
little he believed the Power which he so fre-
quently and irreverently mingles with combats
and conquests to have had to do with the matter.
The well-thumbed text of " moderation" is then
reverted to ; and in the same breath that the
Emperor assures his subjects of his utter dis-
inclination to conquest, he also informs them that
" the blood of his warriors has been redeemed by
nsnnerous advantages !—that the passage of the
Dardanelles and of the Bosphorus isihenceforward
free and open to the commerce of all nations—
and that the security of the Russian frontiers,
especially on the Asiatic side, is for ever gua-
ranteed by the incorporation with the empire of
the fortresses of Anapa, Poti, Athaltzik, Altiz-
kour, and Akhalkalaki !" The preceding treaties
with the Porte are also confirmed and re-esta-
blished, he informs them, " in full force"—
" just indemnities secured for the expenses of
the war, and the individual losses sustained by
his subjects,"—and, lastly,—for we may safely
leave Moldavia, Wallachia, and Servia, out of
the question, as being now purely Russian pro-
vinces—" the political existence of Greece, de-
termined by Russia, in concert with the Allied
Courts of France and England, formally recog-
nized by the Ottoman Porte "! All those
" new gifts of the benedictions of Heaven,"
as the " imperial professor of moderation,"
at St. Petersburgh, terms them, will, no
doubt, sound sweetly in the ears of those to
whom they are so condescendingly announced ;
but how will the other European Powers who
are so cavalierly treated, or rather set at nought
in the document, feel under " the manifold
blessings" thus bestowed by " Providence" upon
Russia? How will France and England like to
see themselves spoken of by the no; thern Auto-
crat, as mere second-rate powers—who under the
wing of Russia were permitted to take a small
part in effecting the independence of Greece? 1)o
they entertain the same opinion of the justice of
the indemnities which he has stipulated for the
expenses of the war, and the mole of enforc-
iog them, that he does ?—indemnities to which
neither the Governments of France nor England
have yet thought proper to give publicity, and
which even the " Imperial professor of mode-
ration" himself does not name in his manifesto !
The whole will come out by and bye, and we
shall then see whether France and England will
submit to the completion of a treaty, which, if
adopted, every sane mind must consider as a
virtual abdication of their preponderance and
dignity. In the mean time the Prussian Go-
vernment, as if jealous of the merit assumed by
the Emperor in compelling the Sultan to enter
into the treaty of Adaianople, has also pub-
lished a manifesto, in which it details the pro-
ceedings of its envoy to Constantinople, Baron
Muffling, and claims the merit of having brought
about the glorious peace, of which the Em-
peror so exultingly boasts. 'Phis document,
which will be found elseediere, we commend to
the perusal of our readers, merely remarking,
that instead of a Prussian envoy, Baron Muffling
acted throughout the part of a Russian agent.
The plot was well conceived, and the piece has
hitherto succeeded to . admintion.—Morning
Advertiser.

The seat of North Landis, Salt Hill Corn,
mon, near Chichester, i 4 taken by T. S. Goorn, Esq.
M.P. who is drily expected to hunt the season with the
Drove Itoundi,—ganTshire Chronicle,

I. °LICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREE f.

'Yesterday Vr. Fitch, sexton of the church of St.
Clement Danes, in the Strand, was brought before
Mr. MlNsituu., charged with having committed an
assault upon a respectable man, named Beswick,
who is in the employment of an undertaker, named
Moxley.
The complainant stated, that on Sunday last,
about five o'clock in the afternoon, he assisted in
the funeral of a sou of Mr. Taunton, one of the
principal officers of Bow-street, and having con-
veyed the corpse to the body of the church, it was
there laid upon trestles until the clergyman should
read the funeral service over it. Complainant hav-
ing found that the pews were all fastened, went to
the defendant and told him that the pews ought not
to be locked, upon which he exclaimed—" What !
do you mean to teach me my duty ?" and there-
upon he took him (the complainant) by the collar,
and being a powerful man, turned him forcibly out
of the church. Complainant afterwards entered the
church by another door, and was about to assist in
carrying the coffin to the church-yard, when the de-
fendant, in a violent passion, exclaimed that he would
pull him from under the coffin ; and tolt. him that
he should not enter the churchyard. He, how-
ever, persisted in his right, and took part in sup-
porting the coffin to the grave, being determined to
take out a warrant against the defendant for the as-
sault upon his person of which he had been guilty.
A person, named McOwen, one of the bearers of
the deceased, corroborated the complainant's state-
ment.

The sexton, in answer to the charge, stated, that
it was against the regulations of the church to per-
mit persons to enter the pews during funerals. Hav-
ing stated this to Mr. Beswick, that person, instead
of being satisfied with the answer, held him (the
defendant) by the skirts of the coat and demanded
an explanation. Conceiving from his violent man-
ner that he was a drunken man brawling in church,
he felt himself justified in turning him out.
The Rev. Aft. Knight, Curate of St. Clement
Danes, was then called forward on behalf of the sex-
ten, and said, that the complainant appeared to him
to be in a dreadful rage, and the sexton was in a
passion also. The conduct of the former was that
of a drunken man, but he could not say that he was
actually in a state of intoxication.
Mr. Moxley, the undertaker, in-answer to a ques-
tion by the Magistrate, said, he verily believed that
the complainant was quite sober when the circum-
stance took place. lie had attended a great many
funerals in his life-time, and never knew an instance
until the present of pews being closed under such
circumstances.

Mr. MlNsuum, observed, that both the com-
plainant and defendant appeared to have been guilty
of conduct quite unbecoming and disgraceful, as
happening in a place of worship. If there was any
wish to carry the matter to the Sessions, he should
certainly take care that Mr. Fitch should be present
to meet the charge, and he should therefore call
upon that person to find bail. At the same time he
was bound to remark that the complainant had con-
ducted himself both inflect tidy and improperly.

The defendant was then held to bail for the as-
sault, and the parties retired.

MAR LBORO GH-STREET.

Yesterday a young man, genteelly dressed in
black, and wearing a remarkably large pair of silver
spectacles, was brought befog Mr. CONANT, in cus-
tody of one of the new police, charged with the fol-
lowing singular robbery :
A young female employed in the establishment of
Messrs. Rathmacher and Broadwood, Musical-in-
strument-makers, in Charles-street, Soho-square,
stated, that about one o'clock that day the prisoner
came into her employer's shop, where she alone was
in attendance, and asked to look at one of their best
guitars, which she accordingly showed him, and
after trying its qualities, by which she saw that he
was a perfect master of the instrument, and telling
her that he was very well known to Mr. Rath-
macher, he requested that she would oblige him
with a glass of water, which she brought him ; after
thinking this, he begged that she might bring him
a second glass of water, which she also did, having
to go each time out of the shop; and after swallow-
ing the second he begged for a third glass, saying
that he was exceedingly thirsty. When she re-
turned, however, with the third glass, she found
that the prisoner had bolted, and had taken with
hint the guitar. She immediately gave the alarm,
and the prisoner was pursued by several persons, but
WItS not taken until he doubled back himself again
upon the shop in the course of the chace, and
brought back the guitar with him, being almost
breathless when he entered the shop, and he then
said that he had merely ran after a friend whom he
saw passing on horseback, to whom he wanted to
speak, •but could not overtake him. One of the
police, however, who had joined in the chace, came
in immediately after, and took the prisoner into cus-
tody. The witness said that she would not have
been so incautious as to have left the prisoner alone
in the shop on three successive occasions, when she
went for the water, but that she saw by his per-
formauce on the instrument that he was most likely
a professor, and that he said he was well known to
Mr. Rathmacher. She did not herself, she said,
see the prisoner run out of the shop with the guitar,
being absent at the time, but she saw him bring it
back after missing it and giving the alarm.
The Magistrate asked if there was any person
present who actually saw the prisoner run out of the
shop with the guitar?
Several witnesses here came forward, and said,
that they all saw the prisoner running as fast as lie
could across Oxford-street, and through Hanway-
yard, with the guitar, and they chased him until
they hunted him back again to Charles-street, where
he entered the complainant's shop, but not one of
these witnesses saw him go out from the shop with
the property.
An elderly decent-looking man now singled him-
self out very slowly from the crowd in the ollice, and
said that he believed he was the only person who
saw the prisoner run out of the shop with the guitar.
" And how did you happen to see him ?" said
Cie Magistrate. " Because, your Worship," said
the witness," I was watching him outside the door."
Mr. CONANT—What were you watching him
for; do you know him, then ? Witness—A little,
your Worship, and that little is rather too much, for
he has done me out of 21. ss. GI

" How is that," said the Magistrate. " Wha
are you?" "My name, your Worship, is Jame
Allen, and I am the man wot drives the hackney
coach No. 549."

Mr. CONANT—WeII, tell us what you know of
the prisoner. " Last night, your Worship," said
coachee, " this gentleman came to my stand in Tot-
tenham-court-road, and got into my coach, and two
very respectable-looking females along with him,
and desired me to drive them to Greenwich. I at
first rather objected to go such a distance at that late
hour, as it was then past nine o'clock, and said that
if I did go my fare would be rather heavy ; and I
told him what it was, but the gentleman said that
was a mere trifle to him, and if I drove well he
would not mind doubling it. Accordingly, your
Worship, I set off with my fare to Greenwich, and
when we got there he desired me to pull up at the
Ship Tavern, where the gentleman got out, leav-
ing the two ladies itt the coach, and had something
to drink by himself at the bar, for I could see him,
and I expected that he would ask me to take a drop
of summer, as I had come so far, hilt he did'nt
do it, your Worship. He then got into the coach
again, and desired me to drive them to Horn Fair,
that was then going on below Woolwich, and I took
them there, and they stopped at the Swun, and de-
sired me to wait for them until they were ready to
get into the coach again. They remained at the
Swan about three hours, but never asked me to
take bit or sup, and then got into the coach, and
desired me to drive them to the Comtnercial-road
in the city,
"here we got to about five o'clock this
morning, and I pulled up at a house there that the
gentleman told me, and the two ladies got out of

the coach, and went into • the house, and then, for
the first time, I suspected what they were, women
of the town, from the sort of house they stopped
at. The gentleman wanted to go into the house
too, but I said no, if be pleased, until he paid my
fare, us I now began to be rather uncomfortable in
my :mind, and he then told me that he had net a
farthing of money, which shocked me very much;
but he said that if I would drive him to the house
of a gentleman in Bloomsbury-square, he would
then get plenty of money, and pay me. By this
time, you see, your worship," -said poor coachee,
" my horses were completely knocked up, having
been out nine hours, and gone above twenty-five
miles, arid I said that I must take them home,
and put them up, to which the gentleman
consented. I then drove to the yard where I
keep my horses, and after putting them up I walked
with the gentleman to Bloomsbury-square, where
he gave a loud knock, as if it was his own house, at
a door; and when it was opened the gentleman of
the house came out, and he seemed to know the
prisoner very well. But when the prisoner asked
him to lend him three sovereigns, the gentleman's
reply was " No Sir, I will not lend you another
shilling; because I am sure it will do you no service,
and although I have a great respect for your father,
I have very little for you. You came here yester-
day and drank two bottles of my wine, and borrowed
two sovereigns and a half from me, and then go off
with two prostitutes to a fair and spend my money,
and defraud this coachman, and you a married man
too," and having said this the gentleman slapped
the door in the prisoner's face. " I then, your
worship," said coachee, " began to think I was
clean done,' and I was almost dead beat with fa-
tigue, and told the prisoner so; but he desired menot
to be in the least afraid, for that if I would walk with
him to Whitechapel—(a loud laugh)—there was a
friend of. his there who would give him the money at
once. Well, your Worship, I went to Whitechapel,
and there be also knocked at a gentleman's house,
but was also refused a loan of any money. The
prisoner, however, said it was no matter, for that
when we got back to Soho-square—(A laugh)—he
had a friend there, from whom he was sure to get
as much money as he wanted, but in the mean time
said, that he should want breakfast, and asked me,
your Worship, if I had any money.—(Loud laugh-
ter.)—l said I had; so we went into a coffee-house
and had our breakfasts.

Mr. CoNANT—And you paid for it, I suppose ?
Coachee—l dhl, your Worship, and we then set
out to go to Soho-square ; but the prisoner said
that he was very tired, and he should like a cab, so
we hada cab, yourWorship,to bring us to Soho-square
Mr. CONANT—And you paid for the cab, I sup
pose, too? Coachee—l did, your Worship—(Roars
of laughter)--and when we came to Soho-square,
the prisoner went into this music-shop, where he
said he would get the money, and told me to wait
outside ; and while I was waiting, I saw the pri-
soner run out of the shop with that ere hinstrument
in his hand, and he ran past me like lightning, with-
out saying a word about the money, and that's all 1
knows about the matter, your Worsl►ip.
" That's quite enough, indeed, I think," said the
Magistrate ; " you are certainly the most accommo-
dating hackney-coachman I ever met with. How
much does the prisoner owe you altogether ?"
Coachee—Why, your Worship, my fare alone is
2/. ; then there is 3s. for breakfast, and half•a-crown
for the cab, makes 2/. ss. Gd.

The prisoner, who said his name was John Phil-
lips, and that he was a professor of music, residing
i❑ the Blackheath-road, Greenwich, admitted that
every word the coachman said was perfectly correct,
awl no man, he said, could have beh:n•ed better or
more civilly or liberally than the coachman did, but
he denied any intention of stealing the guitar. The
f►ct was, he said, he wanted to hire one, and while
he was trying this ins►rument in the shop, he saw a
friend go by o❑ horseback ; and he ran after, but
could not overtake him, and he then ran back again
to the shop with the guitar.
The policeman who had charge of the prisoner
said, that the prisoner never directed his course back
to the shop until he saw that he could not escape,
and then he wound his course round and was regu-
larly hunted back.

On searching the prisoner, a bill was found on
him for some music, tic., had of Elir. Erard, the
harp-maker, in Berners-street, and the magistrate
thinking that some fraud might have been practised
on Mr. Erard too by the prisoner, he was sent for,
anti on his seeing the prisoner standing within the
bar, he said, that he knew him very well ; he was
the son, Mr. Erard said, of a most respectable and
clever man, Mr. Phillips, the organist of Greenwich
church, and who has held that situation for 35 years,
and is an extensive teacher of music besides ; but fur
some years past he has lost his sight, and the prisoner
always accompanies him to town, and assists him in
teaching, being himself a professor of music also.
The prisoner had called at his (Mr. Erard's) house
the day before, and had tile bill for music found on
him given to him, but this was on his father's ac-
count, and he (Mr. Erard) had no fear at all as to
the payment, for the elder Mr. Phillips was not only
a man of excellent character, but of good property.
Mr. Erard said he was quite surprised and sorry to
hear the coachman's history, particularly as the
prisoner is very well known to be a married man.

Mr. Rathmacher said, that although the prisoner
said he knew him when he came to the shop, it was
not true, for he had never seen nor heard of him
before.
Mr. Erard said, that he wondered at that, too,
for almost every one in the trade in London knew
old Mr. Phillips, the prisoner's father, and indeed
the prisoner himself, through his father.
Mr. Rathmncher seemed very little disposed to
prosecute, for he said, that when he prosecuted Mrs.
Stamp Sutton Cooke for defrauding him of a piano-
forte, for which she was transported, he was occu-
pied nine days at a police-office, and as many more
at the sessionsond all begot forhis expenses was Ws.
The Magistrate said, that this was a case which
he must certainly send before a jury, and committed
the prisoner for trial.
The only real and undeserving sufferer in the
transaction is the poor coachman.
