PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 203 2% India Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 'l3 2% 3 Ditto Bonds 6! 63 pm.
3 per Cent. Cons. 9314% Is South Sea Stock...—.

'1 f.
3c , per Cent • Old Annuities —
Ditto Red. 100,..; !i', IA , New Ditto
New :3;6 per Cent lol'4 s 6 ,'Y j 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities toexpire ! Ditto 51.0
Jan. 5, 1860 147, 15-16' Ditto Small 65 64 C 6 pin
Oct. 10, 1859. • Ditto Commercial 7 pm.
Jan. 5, I•4i's. l5 3-164 : Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5,18 S, — Bank Stock for Account —
April 5, 1880 — India Stock for Account —

Jan. 5, 1870 — Consos for Account 933, 4
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds ..._
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds
.... _ ... ,o,

Ditto Account
30,4
Buenos Ayres B.mds
Ditto Account
Chain Bonds
),tto Account
Columbian Bonds 23!Y Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1824
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account Ditto Account. 1634 k, k,
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent lO9l. 75c.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 1 4 per cent.
Ditto Account — 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Con:— Exchange. ..... — 2 sf. 50c.
Ditto Account — Dutclj, 2 per cent. 53% Ys ',
Ditto, 6 per Cent 23 274 Ditto Account 5,%
Ditto Account
Neapolitan — Ditto Account —
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY Al' ONE O'CLOCK

Paid.
Brazilian Imperial Mining Co (Issued at 5/, pm.) 211
Ditto St. John del Rey
British iron Company

Per `.hats

. -
Brighton Railway
-,:,,.ctit,star and. Birmingham Railway IO
Do. Do. Extension
Anti Dryrot Company
C . oloniai Bank
Provincial Bank of Ireland
HALF-PAST ONE.

1 1 47,
1111,4

Accounts from Buenos Ayres state that the port of Val-
paraiso had been closed for sonic days previous to the sailing
of the expedition, but re-opened again immediately on its de-
parture. There was nothing new respecting the Blockading
Squadron off Callao, but its appearance caused a great
sensation in Peru. In Lima numerous proclamations,
exciting the people to rouse from their apathy, were
profusely distributed. The Protector's Journals acknowledge
that there was secret and deep plotting against the Govern-
ment, in consequence of which several influential individuals
were imprisoned.

DR. FRANCIA OF PAIAGUAY.—A rumour was prevalent at
the beginning of the week (say the Buenos Ayres Papers),
that this personage had terminated his earthly career ; but,
notwithstaridjog the probability of the event, from the goud old
age of the Dictator, it requires confirmation.
Statement of the number of vessels which have entered the
port of Buenos Ayres from sea during the second six months
of the year 1837 ; also the sailing from the same time : —Ar-
rived 142 vessels, tonnage 27,625. Sailed 127 vessels, ton-
nage 22,186. Arrived 54.1 coasters.
From Toulon, of the 22d inst., they state a report that
within a few days several Sardinian vessels left the port of
Spezzia with troops, ammunition, and money, for Don Carlos.
The Amsterdam Courant, received this morning, gives a
letter from their Correspondent in London, which they con-
sider important. stating that if France interferes in favour of
Belgium; the German Powers will most undoubtedly drive the
Belgians out of Luxemburg by force, a step which might lead
to most important consequences.
Both the English and Foreign Markets are very heavy.
The Government broker purchased this morning about ten
housand Consols, at 93g. Money still continues in demand
at about Five per Cent. Consols are rather heavy, and may
he quoted 93i- for the Account, for Money 934 ; Exchequer
Bills, 66 64 receded ; India Bonds, 61 63 lower ; Bank Stock
lower, 2021; India Stock also lower, 261.
Spanish Active heavy, and receded to 16a V; Portuguese
lower, 294 i; Three per Cents., 194 ; Dutch lower, 53k.
In Railway Shares nothing doing—Anti-Dry Rot Company,
73: discount. There has been a failure in the Share Market
this morning.
This is settling. day in the Foreign Market ; we do not bear
of any failure, with the exception of that in the Share Market.
THREE O'CLOCK

Consols for time Account, 931

The working men of Glasgow have, come to a reso-
lution to form an Association for the MoraL, Social, and
Intellectual Improvement of the Working classes. They
refer to their opponents asserting that their ignorance is
the bar to their exercise of Legislative power, and they have
resolved, therefore, if possible, to remove that pretext.
With that view they are to have courses of lectures on
moral and political subjects, to read addresses, publish tracts,
and endeavour, by every means in their power to awaken,
enlighten, and breathe into the people the spirit of intelli-
gence and union. Such a course is prudent, and will be
approved of by the public.

- .
RIO DE JANEIRO.—The 7th of September, being
the anniversary of the National Existence of Brazil, was
celebrated in- the usual manner. Deputations of the Senate
and of the Chamber of Deputies waited on the Emperor,
to compliment him on the anniversary of the day on which
his grandfather, John VI., abolished the colonial yoke.
SEPT. 21.—The Regent, ad interim, in the name of the
Emperor, Don Pedro 11., has thought fit to prorogue the
General Legislative Assembly to the lath day of October
next.—Con eio Official to Sept. 26.
The General Steam Navigation Company's Packet,
the Giraffe, from Rotterdam, arrived off the Custom-house
last night.
During the storm of yesterday morning the baro-
meter stood at 28. 80. It has not been so low since the
25th of February, when it marked 28. 76, and the fall, as
on this occasion, was followed by a very high wind.
DEATH OF THE DEPUTY " FINISHER OF THE
Law."—yesterday, Osman, the above functionary, who
has stopped the breath of many of his fellow-creatures on
the scaffold, breathed his last. This functionary has filled
office about eleven years, and was often heard to lament
that the merciful change in the law had diminished his
" rural income." He received a guinea a-week from New-
gate, which of late years has been a fixed salary.
HORRIBLE MURDER.--The Chelsmond Chro-
nicle of this day, reports in detail the circumstances attend-
ant on the perpetration of a deliberate act of murder com-
mitted at Mountressing last Wednesday, on the body of a
Mrs. Playle, a widow, and the keeper of the Plough beer-
shop. The perpetrator of the deed was Hilliard, a labourer,
between 40 and 50 years of age, and of loose habits, who
has professed attachment to the deceased ever since her
husband's death, which took place thirteen or fourteen
months since, and was, it is generally believed, improperly
acquainted with her whilst the husband was alive. She
has, however, of late rejected his attentions, and he has
threatened, at various times, to destroy her. On Wednes-
day he shot her. The wretch was secured by the ton of
the murdered widow. He has observed a sullen state,
and declares that he will not be hanged. The greatest
precautions are therefore taker to prevent his putting an
end to his existence,

ti,rl

!?

her ..Nlajcsty did aoi,
leave the Castle.

This morning the Queen left the Castle for town, under
an escort of the Royal Horse Guards. Her Majesty was ac-
companied in her carriage by the Marchioness of Tavistock
and the Hon. Mrs. Brand. It is expected that her nijestY
will rfiturn to the Costle thii4
Sir F. he Th,„. Co%
rho t seeoud
Tile Earl of &pal-fur, tU. morning.
The M.lrquis of Tivititock
Viscount Eastnor arrived at the Castle last night, and
joined the Royal dinner parry. His Lordship left this
morning, as did also the Hon. Miss Cock,.

The Queen arrived at the New Palace at twenty minutes
before two o'clock yesterday afternoon, from Windsor
Castle, attended by the Marchioness of Ta%istock and dui
Hon. Mrs. Brand, and escorted ley a party of Hussars•
Viscount Torrington, Lord -in Waiting ; Sir Frederick
Stovin, Groom in Waiting; and the Hon. Colonel Caven-
dish, Equerry in Waiting, followed in a second Royal car-
riage and four. On her Majesty's arrival the Royal stand.
(lard was hoisted from the marble arch.
_ _ _

Her Majesty held a Court and Privy Council at two
o'clock.

At the Court his Excellency Sarim Effendi, attended by
Mr. Salame, her Majesty's oriental interpreter, had the
honour of an audience to deliver to her Majesty his letter
of recal from tl e Sultan, and to take leave before his de•
parture.

At the same time his Excellency Reshid Pasha was pre-
sented to her Majesty to deliver his credentials as Ambas-
sador Extraordinary from the Sultan, and to present the
magnificent brilliant necklace which he brought as a present
from his Ottoman Majesty.

Count Mandelsloh, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary from the King of Wirtemberg, had an au"
dience on his return.

M. Garro, tile Mexican Minister, had the honour of 110
audience to deliver his credentials.

Their Excellencies were respectively introduced by Vis
count Palmerston, G.C.8., her Majesty's Principal Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir $'
Chester, Master of the Ceremonies.

The Privy Council was attended by the Lord President,
the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Privy Seal, the First Lora
of the Treasury, the Secretaries of State for the Foreiall
and Colonial Departments, the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer, the President of the India Board, the Secretary at
War, the Lord Chamberlain, and the Master of the Horse.
At the Council Parliament was ordered to be further
prorogued from the 4th of December to Tuesday, the sth
of February, and a Proclamation was ordered, surnmnainf
Parliament to meet on that day, for the despatch of.
business.

The Hon. William Bathurst was the Clerk of the Coup
cil in waiting.
Mr. W. Turner, her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary lula
Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of New Granada,
had an audience of the Queen, on his return. Mr. Tar-
ner was presented to her Majesty by Viscount Palmerst°°'
Her Majesty gave audiences to the Marquis of Laas"
dowse, Viscount Duncannon, Marquis of Conyngham,
count Melbourne, Viscount Palmerston, Sir John 11°
house, and Lord Hill.

The Court was attended by Lord Hill, Gold Stick i°
Waitiug ; the Treasurer of the Household, the Comptroller
of the Household, Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waitit
the Hon. Col. Cavendish, Clerk Marshal ; and Sir Fro'
rick Stovin, Groom in Waiting.
Her Majesty left town, with her suite, in two carriage!
and four, at ten minutes past four o'clock, escorted by
party of Hussars, for Windsor Castle. In the carringea
with her Majesty were the Marchioness of Tavistock an
Mrs. Brand. In the second carriage were the Marquci °
Conyngham, Viscount Torrington, the Hon. Colonel 'Jr.
vendish, and Sir Frederick Stovin.
A deputation, consisting of Sir John F. W. Herschel,
Rev. W. Whewell (Trinity College), and the Rev. George
Peacock, had an audience with Viscount Melbourne yes-
terday, in Downing-street.
Captain Stockenstrom, Lieutenant-Governor of the
eastern district of the Cape of Good Hope, had an inter
view with Lord Glenelg yesterday, at the Colonial-office'
Mr. Brooking also visited his Lordship yesterday. „
M. de Mora, Consul-General of the Peru-Bolivian ve"'
federation, transacted business yesterday, at the Foreign'
office.

The Marquis of Northampton, Sir R. Wilmot il°rwnr.:
Sir Edward Parry, and Sir Francis Chantey, had jute
views yesterday, with the Chancellor of the Exchequer' in
Downing-street.
01
Captain Ponsonby, with despatches from the Earl
Durham arrived yesterday at the Colonial Office. '
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council held their
.
first meeting this season, yesterday, in the Council Champ
The Lords present were the Master of the Rolls, I,o°
Brougham, the Judge of the Prerogative Court, Mr. 133 T,,
-0
Parke, the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, ~and
Chief Judge in Bankruptcy.
The Queen's Advocate, Mr. Burge, Q. C
and other
Counsel, were heard in a number of petition',,, on aPPetls
,ft
Principally from the colonies. Some matters eoncerni"'
patents were also disposed of.
Mr. C. Greville was the Clerk of the Crjuneitin Wait°

UNIVERSITY INTEVLIGENC"
OXFORD, Nov. .19.--A Congregati'm was this day ll° ad:
for granting degrees, &c. when the following were cenferrb-rist
MASTERS OF ARTS.—Rev. Charles Brooksbank, ,F„
Church ; Rev. W. Whitehead, Worcester College; Y"
Buller, Exeter College.
BACHELORS of Meux, of Christ Churci,o,
Atkinson, Lincoln College ; J. Thompson, ditto LW. per
cett, "ditto; C. E. L. Wightman, ditto; C. A. 1-o:tizsvill-
'oroke College; G. T. Lewis, Queen's College; re* A Bo-
sley, Brazenose College; A. Mils, Balliol College ; fbrio
binson (Grand Compounder), ditto ' • C. G. Newconclu,, St.
College; W. J. Newman, ditto; H. W. Marycburc'
Edmund Hall; J. Fuge, Magdalen Hall. of
In Convocation this afternoon Mr. Haddon, Fello
Exeter College, was elected a Vinerian scholar.

striv
Count Pozzo di Borgo entertained, the -1112 din
Special Minister, Count Senfft, and a small party,
ncr, at Ashhurnham House, last evening. ais„ bus'lency's niece, the Countess Pozzo di Borgia, and her 47'
band, are expected to arrive from Paris, on the
next month, on a visit to the Count.
vole"
Lord and Lady Stanley have returned to Knn".„
and are not expected to come to town until earlY!rings.
nuary. The Earl of Derby is able to take carriagefabie to
but requires the assistance of an attendant to be a
quit his room. ,
Baron Ostini, Resident Minister of his sr'
Highness the Duke of Lucca at the Court of Vieena'flis
rived at Mivart's Hotel, yesterday, from Austria..,joble
Royal Highness the Duke of Lucca entertained the
Baron and a select party at dinner, last evening. , ger
Baron Lowenbere-, Grand Equerry to his, voter
Highness the Duke of Lucca, left Mivart's "Jae" olti4
day morning, for Newmarket, for the purpose 01 Iniee
purchases of horses for his Royal master. A gel:itches°
of rank accompanied the Noble Baron, to make 1311"
for Prince Ponatowsky. Ven
Mr. Burred, from the Queen-square office, 113'9010'
appointed to succeed the late Mr, Rogers of Hattonlaoes't.
Several cases of valuable china arrived on VVv
'1 uke et
day last from the Continent, as a present to tiotinped
Wellington, from a foreign power. They were 1
Hamburgh.
OntainS a
The supplementary Gazette of last nigbtLroent 11°t
notice that it is intended to bring a Bill into rar"-for sbiP9-
,4
Session for the making and maintaining a hr,rheur wantieg'
vaari
asien
irdat:flhatmteiheneierlgi Hastings.
yo.
.fw,for Certainlygrounds
tfr
hto ieujE
nsliadprnsau abreepeahpoti alhsuererdbipostouv
sloreeo:tophbhleur.airovereyh
bas
/seen'
ei
row; gtt 10:aieoteff;e:r
ft
aohrenbi toot
.eavi.,
ried into effect ; and that eventualltwyt,Ahalfttgerriatmnntaeenu7;;oeFscs:altir:e;
money was expended in making th a embankment
the Esplanade.
Court °
Baron Dieskow, Belgian :Minister to the Co'
Lisbon, arrived yesterday morning by the Antwerp
pangs steam-ship Antwerp. thls
THE DARLINGS.--The sum collected forfamily and the Sunderland boatmen, in BamburF"' scols
wick, Belford, and neighbourhood, exceeds 300/
Times.
the
iles 4-5 t
l
The Glasgow Chronice vvibui., m;
six years there has not been lessstates thanth at
eight hutudre. a
,e
stone walls erected on the Drumlanrigg estales by tu
proprietor. olifie
prodlin'eneEr
ofß BOTTLE'-of TwhonedeArsy:
haOsbtsheirsvewre,eka a
.Ppor_tattheeo
that has grown through the neck of a bottle,
pha..Y2S*(says
It was muur" corers
appearance of a full-charged pistol.
the Observer) •on the farm of Whitehill, and
adds,o in
pondent in forwarding this drouthy
laconic manner :—‘ I have sent you a potato!
~orl
areTfohnedDo'utkhee
obfot‘tVlee.'ll''ington left Apsley
potgOeo „boa,
that the vegetable world, as well as the animal
der'
Ours
Tloeuse
rYge-I.ot
day for his seat, Strathfiedsaye, Hants.
Douro remains in town.
T
• d Marcluonve
town from a visit to the Marquis an
Cheshire' as
Thehe Earl
Dowagerof RRipon has townloefftß eaßeaufort
tr
hßarsigrhettu.ornoTest: to
o
Chatmondeley, at their seat near Nantwich,
t, _ lords
The Earl of Dalkeith, and his brothers, ne,
The: Dug' With
yid
Scott, left town direct for Dover.
11. stings: w
Duchess of Buccleuch proceeded first to a_
ft don'
Lady Marsham. The family expect to reach rm.'
Monday next. -

.ir,R !.:(,)1Z1) I)ITRPAM

CRANT (From the Quebec Gazette of October 31.)
NOO FAREWELL DINNER TO THE GOVER-
" GENERAL BY THE BRIGADE OF
GUARDS.
of.SGiritjaradmses Macdonell and the officers of the two regiments
yesterdav eeteraio d the Governor-General and
fitteda te a' th,
p tr.r ,etyr, of which way
and
u„ ver.
erArki e•T
Neiul:v to ~c, ~it:i miiit.:ry v,ce!
Messrs"'ros Arnong the invited wore the Hon.
coi- Clarks and' An-thiir Buller, T. E M. Turton.
C . Cooper, his Lord-hip's Aides-de-camp and Attaches ;
Gor°nlythe, Esq.
;
R. Routh, Commissary-general ; Colonel
..
a e, Colonel Eden, Dr. Skey, Captain Crawford, R. N.
;
iriPtain Bs)field, R. N. ; Captain Baines, R. N. ; Captain
Rhl. p.N. ; Captain Hope, R. N. ; T. Duncnnrbe, Esq.,
; Colonel Grey; G. B. Bushe, Esq. ; S. Derbyshire,
."'s.l_; and Captain Chester.
w_sAlter the cloth was removed, " The health of the Queen"
c4ll
iproposed by Sir JAMES MACDONELL, who was in the:l
;i and which was drunk with enthusiasm.
to n' JAMES MACDONELL said he rose to propose a toast inti-
atelY
B,robi connected with the occasion upon which they were as-
0, ea. It was the health of his Excellency the Governor-
ilh,teral, who had honoured the brigade of Guards by becom-
aa'd heir guest that day.---( Applause.) He well recollected,
trso be believed would many present. meeting the Noble
od at the table of the Commander-in. Chief in England,
itoidttlY after he had accepted the appointment he at present
fa% UPon that occasion his Excellency expressed his sahtir
god nn at the intention of the Government to send out a r -
all ien°Lf,Guards to this province, and pledged himself to do
oervie,...ll Power to render their sojourn agreeable, and their
recit' in every respect effective. That he had most amply
nsed this pledge by the courteous hospitable intercom se
to-
01 taa.intained with them, and had omitted nothing that
'l_,annister to their wants or comforts, every officer in the
tiere would most readily and cordially testify. —( Applause.)
th Noblee restraint in alluding to other pledges given by
Earl, with which, however, they were all ac-
flirted,
, He would only say that the Noble Lord had as
no ,Y1"11° as nobly redeemed those pledges also ; and he had
that doubt
, that final success would have crowned all his efforts,
/haul his
policy would have been in the end perfectly trium-
vah, if circumstances had not occurred to bring his endea-
pa-;:rs to an abrupt termination. He deeply regretted the s%
itt„atinn about to take place, as well on account of the pnb11)1
L-riesta as on account of that sincere regard for the No le
-rt Personally, which it was impossible for one who had been.
n terms of confidence with him as he had been ever sinceitsearjival in the country not to feel. He could not help feel-
in.
I:4° moment of
.separation, and the circumstances of it.
ant[ en name, and in behalf of. the brigade. of Guards, he was
a • ed to tender his Lordship their hearty thanks for his
nlfova,
urbanity and attention to their wants and comforts,
-f.`43 assure him that their good wishes nrould follow him and.
PrB;arriil37 wherever they went, with heartfelt hopes for their
QT
-13 e, ?iv and happiness.
th The delivery of this speech was marked by the applause of
° Who I tilt[ to
usi In t was addressed. The toast was drunk with
James asro, and three times three hearty British cheers, Sir
Th.,giiing the word.
sided; .G°7""R`GENERAL, as soon as the applause had sub-
hint
s,c 1.'4 to return thanks to his gallant friend and the gal-
entertllPanY by whom he had that day the honour of being
posed tuned, for the manner in which his health had been pro-
ftond and received. The compliments which his gallant
act, band
his side had been pleased to pay him were the more
• Plable from the hesitation which had marked their delivery
it I,llineing proof to him that they were from the heart.
toed' indeed, pleasing to witness the perfect harmony and
kitt understanding that had subsisted throughout between. the
his parY and civil services in this province during the period. of
tereV,,verntnent. No petty jealousies, no distinctions of in-
not °r differences of opinion had disturbed their course ;
tat.e"h service, flowing from ihe heads downwards through
't subordinate rank, had sought to promote the interests
en other as if it had been its own.—( Applause.)
ttitthis cordial co-operation between distinct branches
'ire a": a county must be well served ; and in a country
thhe 87;°;:tanced as this was such a state of things between
• I„„t,ary and civil departments was of vital importance.
Niel-11W take this opportunit% to contradict statements
l
Niel
°ad been made at home very shortly after his aria
~401; e,°l ,a difference of opinion having arisen between Sir
that „'Nborne and himself. He begged distinctly to say
blito" more unfounded statement could not have been made.
this subject. From the moment of his assuming in
n'ostre'll vinee the reins of government down to the present
, when he was on the eve of resigning them into
dil's of that distinguished individual, the most cor-
ta,„,.u..nderstandinai had subsisted between them. It
ed
had
e
trot circulated in England, with what view he n
l'staionTlire, that so great was the difference of opinion
littler Sir John and himself, that it had be_ciorm
jeohn
had
tilettior them to act in concert, and that Sm
Zre,_ resigned the command .of the army. In the
Zetn ri,°lie manner he desired to contradict ythis state-
aitd
diffsrence of opinion had arisen between Im-
lit 1;7 nia Gallant and Illustrious Fi iend upon any onetop7
tinatiina unreservedly imparted to him his views from thehb.
and it was one source of sincere gratification to
Likit o's/overnment had received the approbation of his Gal-
bad rite enlightened Friend. He regretted that circumstances
Otli,-1 to put an end to his connection with the brigade
mitt "s in this province before he had yet the opportu-
Nliiti;nte had anticipated of fully redeeming the pledge to
011, his Gallant Friend beside him had alluded. The fault
pillot with him ; for it was by no act of his that this
kt-Plit, inn had become necessary. His views. hadbeen
tteild to the paramount interest of the empire in the pre-
:l%7l,lla these important provincesd to the mother country.
175447. be always among the prosutheest recollections of his
British Guards had
Zest ; tad life that such a
.body
of did within the limits of his command. in this por-
k', °r...tzle British dominions. He had enjoyed o portunities
1.711,%.,' lily observing the finest troops of the copntinent of
h d seen the Austrian army o occupation at
,'"etthielt the Prussians at Berlin ; and the Russians at St.
,I°llo ''''tg; but nowhere had he ever- seen a finer body of
ZADi..._t a military corps in a higher state of discipline.. He had
hitiraZ,eaonfdieeingbefore him his Gallant Friend Sir James
many other distinguished heroes of the me-
Sallherlie.,field of Waterloo, a field whereon the Guards. hadd
87 tilt,' ";saeir title to every ommendation that could be. assigned
~44-2,.tiaa and lln leaving tnem behind him he had
t7°.or'lction to reflect that. he left them under the charge of
• their most distinguished companions in arms, Sir John
kiNa4B-"----( Applause.) No one could doubt that in his
°llly would the military defences of the country.be
sitoratoe2 state of theutmost efficiency, but that the
th. 441 P of the province would be administered with
‘t e.° Wisdom. Had his illustrious friende been of opinion
i5i49.11 retnaining in this province t e ould in any manner
ip4d, end the cause of the coun ry he would have re-
ate Id would have been too happy to have acted in his
totimeaPacity as a volunteer, if he had not thought thaticea
render more service to the provinces in his p
tat ail ender
His object in coming to this determination
-:°°, ntrib the utmost of his ability to the pro-
-1 !)' the titeto
interests and honour of the Crown, and the
gt,„7e dv of his country.—( Much applause.)
`ill °VIIRISOR-GENERAL then proposed
hthe " Health ofJames Macdonell and the Brigade." Wherever
JAk his best services would be at their disposal.
te N MACDOELI returned thanks.
1,4011118%1t toast given 1; the Chairman was, " The health of
164 he volborne."
ta "RaNOR-GENERAL said he could not permit this
ilib l'sss without taking the opportunity to declare the
f
ftti"ttitttilla: he entertained of the character and services. o
kitkA hi, 45 friend whose health they were about to drink.
lakmtaae-,,' he had received the most frank and enlightened
14ii;;',1 the arduous and responsible task he had unfdemr-
kottlfttaese Provinces. As lie had already stated,tintercourse
kliaotjLiiihs::tit of his arrival the most confid.eniial,ii
-tated between them. From his experieehnceeneafintd
`isvarreelY given, he had derived the utmost
him
that
set 61,110 inconsiderable source of consolation,
titi:lll4 eta leave behind hire a successor of
allowh Lito tried abili-
the °ma-
tt h.to hlcknowledged worth. He could not
11%4 te' without declaring his exalted opinion of the talents
ht 4tingtaished friend,and the sinvere regard and affec-
,oh'spilltoeieltesrtained for him.—( Much aplause.)
I.lll4lna„,l4awg proposed " The Health of the Countess of
s'gri 1,..e QO-4 the Ladies Lambton."
NtlOditi:TtNoa-Gaistattat, promised to acquaint Lady Dur-
,:. uaughters with the kind compliment. paid to them,
tit's "e was sure they would fully appreciate. .
Hill"
~.;°t1111,; d was the next toast. It was drank with mill-
s_ 'N'ontic,*asm and all the honours.
'tt in 1414.150 N roposed "Viscount Lambton."
'theIIOh44"OII:GE'NERAL made suitable acknowledgments
h. qe
re 4 '44I4mAN gave in succession the following toasts,
Csiptdrunk with all the honours
trn Pring and the Royal Navy."
t4l)tainu'seY Vivian and the Ordnance."
.kh
~, PRINGand Colonel KIRBY severally returned
Rtulo
ntlke,k; •.(1171) proposed " The Duke of Wel-
runk with the utmost enthusiasm.
• p`moopeant. Colonel CLIVE, with the permission of the
nati nsed " The health of Colonel Grey."
%Nu, "'silty madesuitable repV.
tiolt7tot44ll,
.H. p,,,
aLTSTER gave d. The health of Mr.
%tile %Ile° MBE would avail himself of the opportunity to
oait'.nsa.ll,6°!aaTe due to the services of his Excellency the
"era] who was so soon aboi3 to return to Eng-
(A Atl4:"' all he had heard and seen, he was of opinion that
tl)Platislrli'tration would long be remembered in Canada.—gtadle.
° "e) s • t• lity and humanity
atiat . ong as justice, impar ia ,
t 'tiles honoured in these parts, so lona. wou,cl the
I,llt,illtle'rt deserve to be remembered with admiration and
t
11,0'eilirirvEltN°R-GENErcat, rose to propose the last toast of
,htrg"ak; ; The health of Sir James Maedonell.
FS, MACDONELL returned thanks. The encomiumsd
4.44111,() it-r-Irn by the Noble Earl he did not deserve. He had
Lam eie than his duty. He saw that the mother country
."
I° govern these a man of supreme talent
sitio colonies
°l' bade- ° energy—(Applause)—that the selection had
Ineet a crisis of no ordinary nature , and
r.how„
Itttt ..414tbivslta.te for one moment to give that Noble k..a 1 all
ass,'stance in his power to share with bun_ any
4°llollbetttY that might andsy attach to any acts which in
ilk).l;e4l.t° 141:: illek'grnent o
conscience he believed to be es-
l'lnatlgtatioB !ale% Yof the province ?—( Applause.) He had
Ot td aOti h „in de Glaring that he entirely concurred in all_ the
s
ete r°"°Y of the Noble Earl with regard to the affairs
It .e°lonie
I Past • •
ulldnigiit when the party broke up.

EitSAICY OF -ps!-.lr
RE \fOLUTiON.

(Concluded from The Sun of yesterday.)
Mr. N. DEGBOWSKI—In effect, were I to circumscribe
myself here to say that Poland, since the 13th century,
sustained and reputed 91 invasions of the Tartars, who
rudted forth on Europe, pillaging and burning cities and
villages. slaughtering without distinction of sex or age, and
carrying off with them thousands of captives ; were I to
say that almost as many Turkish invasions were repelled by
the sabre of Poland ; were I to recal to your minds the
most famous of these invasions, the one which reached
to the gates of Vienna, and the most celebrated vic-
tory of our ancestors who chased those invaders away.
Were I to state that during three centuries the breasts of
the Poles have received all those strokes which Russian
despotism intended for Europe in general, you might well
reply, " We know all that, and therefore do we testify for
you so much sympathy." Were I to tell you, in fine, that
Poland, the victim of self-sacrifice, now suffers all the tor-
tures which barbarity can invent, and which the human heart
almost refuses to believe—were I to state that her territory
has been divided, her religion and her language have been
proscribed, her schools and universities destroyed or shut
up—that her inhabitants are transported by thousands, like
cattle, to Asia, and their places filled up by barbarian
hordes—were I to say that the dearest affections to the
human heart have been violated in the most brutal manner,
you might well reply, " We see that such is the case, and
therefore do we pity Poland." But were I now to exclaim,
" Assist, then Poland to reconquer her independence,"
would you not ask, " In what new manner is our assistance
required. Shall we implore our Sovereign and her Minis-
ters to intercede in their turn with the Sovereign and Mi-
nisters of the north, in order to effect the independence of
Poland ! And should their entreaties prove unavailing, is
it requisite that our Cabinet should adopt the menaces, and
even, in case of need, war itself !" Let us reply, brothers
in exile—let us reply frankly, that we do not demand di-
plematic notes, or fleets, or troops—that we ask not any
protection, for the history of every people and of every
century, can attest that protection means dependence ;
and he who wishes to have his country dependent is a Pole
only by name.—(Loud cheers.) As for us, we demand
to have an independent Poland, or no Poland at all.—(Re-
newed cheers.) A sick man, who has not sufficient strength
to raise himself, has not enough to walk by himself. If
you raise him up you must uphold him in every step he
makes. A nation similarly circumstanced, is no longer
a nation ; it may be well compared to the sick man, who
must be supported after having been lifted up. But, as-
suredly, such is not the case with Poland, which possesses
an extensive and fertile territory, and which can sustain
war during five years without fearing a famine. Poland
possesses also in her innumerable rivers, lakes, and forests,
so many safe-guards, so many fortresses, as it were, by
means of which she may advantageously dispute every step
with her enemies. The Polish nation is a people of
33,000,000, attached above all things to their indepen-
dence, and always ready for every sacrifice ; a people, in
fine, of whom every citizen becomes a good soldier when-
ever his country calls him forth. And has such a nation
need of foreign soldiers to reconquer her independence,
,vhen, by summoning to her aid only one-fiftieth man in her
population, only one young man from among ten families,
she will possess an army of 600,000 national soldiers, every
one of whom, when fighting for liberty, will vanquish two
slaves that oppose him ? Will such a nation require
foreignets to (0 ne and draw forth her sword or to thrust her
lance ? We answer a thousand times, no ; and shoulda Pole
state that such assistance is needed by Poland, reply to
him, that he knows not his own country. Poland certainly
stands more or less in need of many things, in order to
raise herself with the necessary force ; but those wants pro-
ceed by no means from natural weakness, but from her
present position. She is impoverished to the last degree ;
her invaders having ruined her agriculture and her com-
merce ; all classes of society have fallen, in comparison
with their former position, into the lowest misery ; and
this state of affairs must be necessarily unfavourable to war.
Besides, Poland is morally disarmed ; there is not even a
single manufactory of arms or ammunition in the country,
or a single arsenal ; hunting weapons are prohibited, and
even the number of scythes and hatchets which is allowed
in any village, is limited by order of the persecutors of Po-
land. There remains nought to her sons but their
hands and their courage ; but those are the prin-
cipal things. More than once have the Poles
proved that they know how to arm themselves for
the fight, with the weapons even of the enemy. And you
see before you, in the person of our General Dwernicki,
a man who never fought a battle without bringing to
us Russian cannons, sometimes by dozens, and who acquired
among us the surname of " Provider of Arms."—(Cheers.)
The fact is, that we want now a truly national Government,
a Government to understand our position, to know our
wants, and. to employ our resources.—(Cheers.) If such
he the case in a nation in the enjoyment of peace and pros-
perity, why should it not be so in Poland, which has yet every-
thing to re-conquer ? If it be the Government which is
the only thing we need to-day in order to raise ourselves
again, and in order to become again an independent and
happy nation, what have we to demand from foreign coun-
tries ? What nation could even pretend to the power of
giving Poland a better Government than we could give
ourselves ? Moreover, which is the foreign Cabinet, and
who is the foreign Minister, that could assume this strange
pretension ? It will not be thought, I trust, that these are
only my own individual opinions and sentiments which I am
now developing ; quite on the contrary, for what I have
now the honour to state here is also proclaimed by the
Polish nation. The large body of proscribed Poles ex-
press, too, the same by their acts during the eight years
they have been in exile. lam here only as the faithful
narrator of what I hear, and what all around me may
also hear. Turn your eyes towards Poland, and what see
you there? A vast field of cruelties and refined torture,
which force you at last to turn away in horror from the san-
guinary spectacle ? What do you hear there ? The cries of
children who are snatched from their mother's arms, the
shrieks of the mothers themselves, the groans of young men
who are tortured to death, the deep sighs of the old, who
are forced to behold this degradation of their country ; the
cries of despair from the poor peasant, from whom every
vestige of nationality is rudely snatched, even to his dress,
and who is converted thereby into a Russian ; the clinking
of the chains which are borne by Polish patriots, and the
clashing of the arms of the slaves who guard them—except
all this there is nought but the silence of the tomb, in-
terrupted only at intervals by the rumour of the dis-
covery of a fresh conspiracy, and of the application of
fresh tortures to the victims. Should you desire to know
what passes within the soul of this nation—within the
hearts of her people, you can only learn it by those conspi-
racies which are discovered from time to time ; for they
certainly do not prove that Poland has become habituated
to her chains ; they testify, on the contrary, that there is
in Poland a subterraneous work, as it were, a work
of reflection and preparation of which her past expe-
rience has shown the necessity. But turn your looks
there, where her intimate thoughts become more visible.
Behold those thousands of proscribed patriots, whose words
and actions are free, thanks to the laws of the country
where they live. Ask what they have been doing, what
they have been seeking, during their eight years of exile.
Numerous political associations, formed and reformed
amongst them, continual meetings,uninterrupted correspond-
ence, important discussions, addresses, manifestoes, and pub-
lic protestations, with forty journals in the Polish language,
a number of pamphlets and other publications, in other lan-
guages, established by the exiles at the sacrifice, I may say,
of all they possess, are indications more than sufficient of
the labours of the emigrants, and of the direction which
they have taken.—( Hear, hear.) It would be certainly
desirable that we had among us Poles no subject to dis-
cuss, no question to be settled, and that we had all our prin-
ciples and plans agreed on, and our men ready to put them
into execution. But if all this could he truly said,all this truly
done, there would not be a single Pole in this room! The
refugees would have re-visited before this time the plains
of their native land ; and this anniversary of our revolu-
tion would be celebrated, not with speeches, but with a
roar of cannon. Let it not be supposed, however, that
there is nothing decided on by the Polish exiles ; on the
contrary, we are well convinced, and that unanimously,
with only a few exceptions, that to wish to shake off foreign
yoke and to reconquer the independence of the country by
maintaining the unjust dependence of one class of citizens
on the other—by upholding the servitude, ignorance, and
misery of the people alongside the opulence and privileges
of the Grandees, is not to wish for the good of one's
country, but for one's own good, and is not to be a Pole,
but a miserable egotist. It is to be a despicable politician
to wish to separate the interests of the vast majority from
the common interests of the nation.—(Great applause.)
We are also well convinced, and here in particular I beg to
invite the attention of this meeting, we are well convinced,
and unanimously so, that a party, that a body of
men who have during their whole lives, and even at the
time of oor last revolution, and also in exile, obstinately
deceived and injured their country by their selfishness, aris-
tocratic principles, and love of exclusive privileges—that a
ap
na rdt y
h,
etrhaste
emsen intow h o
ehxai
ivee,
never
Po
rd
shall a Poland into
thoseto tthoe
wtohmomb,
we will entrust the task of resuscitating our country, and
of gathering us to its defence ; never shall Poland trust
such a man as the Prince Czartoryski, formerly Prime Mi-
nister and friend of the Emperor Alexander ; for this is
the same Czartoryski who, in 1812, when the national ar-
mies with the French were marching towards Moscow, con-
spired with the Cabinet of St. Pctersburgh, and paralyzed
in Lithuania the insurrection in favour of Poland ; this is
the man who, in 1815, collected signatures among his fel-
low Aristocrats in order to detnand the incorporation of
Poland with Russia, and came with those signatures to the

of Vienne, for the purpose of opposing the effort,
of Lord Castle] eag4, who demanded the independence n'
Poland. This Czartoryski is the man who, in 1825,
when the Russians broke out into rebellion in St.
Petersburgh, prevented" by his influence the insurrection
from bursting out in Poland ; who, in 1830, when
the revolution took place in Warsaw, signed a proclama-
tion against it in the name of the Emperor, and :denomi-
nated it " a fatal event ;" who afterwards undertook to
direct when he could not Crush it, but who paralysed and
destroyed it, as he has himself confessed in a letter to the
French Ministry, which letter, afterwards cited in the
Chamber of Deputies, is well known to all the Polish emi-
grants. This Czartoryski is the man who, in fine, does all
in his power to disperse and annihilate the Polish exiles,
whose principles "and patriotism he detests.--(Great ap-
plause and slight hissing.) Neither should any confidence
be given to this Czartoryski's nephew, the Count Zamoyski,
the aide-de-camp and confidant of that executioner of Po-
land, the Grand Duke Constantine ; for this Zamoyski,
when the revolution broke out in Warsaw, exposed his life,
not in aiding it, but in attempting to crush it, running dar-
ing the whole night either to the Graad Duke, who was
encamped with his troops outside the city, or to the Coun-
cil of Ministers within it, inventing always new expedients,
encouraging the authorities, disarming the people, dis-
tributing the Proclarnatioes of the Emperor's Minis.
ters, and playing, under thee circumstances, the part
of the most zealous supporter of tyranny. Neither
shall the confidence of Poland be given to this Czar-
toryski's friend, the Russian Colonel Chrzanowski, who,
on the approach of the enemy under the walls of Warsaw,
prohibited the inhabitants, under pain of death, to run
to arms, paralyzed the defence, surrendered the capital in
conjunction with the traitor Krukowieki, received the
enemies with open arms, tore off his epaulettes of General
,vith which the revolution had honoured him, and put on
his former uniform of a Russian Colonel—this is the man
who three years afterwards came to Paris with a Russian
passport in order to join the Prince Czartoryski, and to be
presented by him in the quality of a Polish exile to the
English Government, which sent him with a political mis-
sion to Constantinople and Persia, where he is serving now,
Heaven knows what cause.—(Hear.) No, none of these
men, and none of their vile supporters, shall obtain the con-
fidence of Poland, or receive from her the mission of pre-
siding over her deliverance. I have directed your particular
;Attention to this point, because in it there is an important
piece of information for our foreign friends, who may possibly
be deceived by appearances, and mistake the marks of past
confidence for those of future confidence. We agree on
principles ; it only remains for us, therefore, to make
choice of the men who may represent us the best, and
to separate the good from the bad—that is to say, those
men who have democracy and the love of the people only
on their lips from those who have both really in their hearts.
We are not far, believe me, from that happy moment
wherein we can make this choice of our men, and confirm
by our acts the principles which we proclaim to-day.—
( Hear, hear.) We have thus announced what we are,
and in what way we regard our cause ; and it is only after
having developed them here that I can now refer to an ac-
cusation which was made against us even in this room two
years ago, but which is present to our memory as if it were
made just now, precisely because it was uttered by an
English Radical. We were then briefly told that we were
all aristocrats, and wished to maintain slavery among the
Polish people as well as the privileges of the nobles. Let
us, then, say frankly that there have been, to our misfor-
tune, and are still, aristocrats in Poland, who have always
held the helm of affairs, and that there exists among the
people, if not in name, at all events in reality, an oppres-
sive state of servitude, and that it is precisely for
this reason Poland is to-day in its tomb, and we
are in exile.--(Cries of "Hear, hear.") Let us state,
tea), frankly that it was not Russia, Prussia, and Austria
which killed Poland, but that it was the Polish aristocracy,
who leagued themselves with these three Courts ; let us
avow also that the aristocracy is the greatest obstacle to
the emancipation of our country, and that it will be more
difficult to check the intrigues and cabals of the Polish
aristocrats than to conquer the Muscovite troops.—(Hear.)
But shall it therefore be said that every Pole is an aristo-
crat, and consequently that there is not one just, one honest
man in Poland ?. No, the Aristocrats, though they held
the direction of affairs, were in Poland, as they are in
every other country, only a small minority of the nation.
And if, unfortunately, it is true that there is some aristo-
crats among us in exile, they form also a very small mino-
rity—a minority, in fact, so imperceptible, that nut of 300
Polish exiles now in this room, not one, probably, is a par-
tisan of that aristocratic clique which sacrificed our last
revolution to the interests of their caste.--( Applause.)
We desire to have not. only national freedom, hut freedom
for all ; not only liberty, but, also equality ; we de-
sire, too, in Poland, that which appears to be dis-
pensed with in other countries—( Hear)—namely, the
agrarian law, the division of the land of the grandees
among the peasantry who have tilled it for centuries with-
' out any recompense.—( Hear, hear.) We are democrats,
and we are republicans ; not by name only—not for some
external forms of social organization, for some insufficient
ameliorations, but in the vast and complete acceptation of
the word.—( Applause.) And we are democrats and repub-
licans only through long and conscientious reflection, through
a love of justice, and even through a conviction based on
the history of our past falls, that it is only a republic with
its benefits that can arouse all the Polish people to arms,
and restore to us our independence.
M. Degbowski was loudly cheered for some time after he
resumed his seat.
Mr. SHERIDAN moved the following resolution :—" That
on this, the eighth anniversary of the Polish revolution of
the 29th of November, 1830, experience of the past and ap
prehension of the future impel this meeting to declare, not
alone it's vivid sense of the wrongs which provoked, the chi-
valry that adorned, and the brilliant hopes of national happi-
n-ss and popular freedom that were blighted by the issue
of that righteous and hallowed struggle, but also its so-
lemn and deliberate conviction that the spirit of savage
cruelty towards Poland, of aggression upon the rights and
possessions of other countries, and of general hostility to
tha promulgation of liberal principles, since manifested by
the Court of St. Petersburgh, has necessarily and intimately
identified the Polish cause with the cause of universal jus-
tice, freedom, and civilization ; and that the entire re-esta-
b:ishment of ancient Poland, as an integral and free nation,
is essentially necessary to the preservation and development
of the arts and liberties, peace and happiness of Europe,
including the Muscovite people themselves, the now en-
slaved and infatuated instruments of the guilt and ambition
of their rulers."

Mr. G. A. YOUNG—My Lord, Ladies, and Gentlemen
—There is no man, however high his station—however
gifted with talent—however endowed with those attributes
which enable a man to excel his fellow-men, who would not
add lustre to that station, who would not increase the
general estimation in which he is held, by being called
upon, at such a meeting as the present, to advocate the
cause of Poland. Conscious that I possess none of these
advantages, I feel that I have been requested by the Po-
lish Committee to second this motion, rather because they
know that, in conjunction with Lord Stuart and other
friends whom I see around me, I have for some years
laboured sincerely and zealously in that cause, than
on account of any ability I possess to do it justice. But
if any circumstance could reconcile me to the position in
which I find myself, it is the fact that I concur with
your Noble Chairman in the necessity of treating this
subject as a great national question ; I deplore the intro-
duction of mere party and sectarian views and opinions.
I am bound, however, as an English Liberal to state, tha
I believe the cause of Poland to be intimately associated
with the progress of liberty and social advancement in
Europe, and after the observations we have heard on
what is termed the Polish " aristocracy," I also feel bound
to state the grounds on which that belief rests, for the terms
" aristocracy" and " nobles," as we understand them in
England, are totally different from the sense in which alone
these words can be correctly used in Poland. The power
and the privileges of the English aristocracy rcst on
two or three well known and intelligible principles.
Strip them of the right of primogeniture, abolish
hereditary titles, and deprive them of the right of entailing
their property, and a generation would scarcely pass away
without witnessing the destruction of our aristocracy. Did
the Polish " nobility" enjoy these privileges ? I quote their
own historians and jurists as my authority, when I tell you
(and if I am in error some Polish gentleman will, 1 trust,
correct me) that primogeniture was unknown—that here-
ditary titles were unknown—that by the law of Poland pro-
perty that descended was equally divided. Nay, more ;it
is an historical fact, that in the sixteenth century these
nobles amounted to one million—that the feudal insti-
tutions of Western Europe never obtained a footing
amongst the Slavonic populations—that the words " no-
bilis" and " miles" were synonymous, while many of
them cultivated the soil with their own hands. With
what propriety then can the English word " aristocracy"
be used to describe this class ? The defects of the
Polish Constitution were numerous, but the misfortunes of
that country may be ascribed with much more truth to the
fatal privilege of the liberum veto, in the Diet, and to the
election of their kings, than to the privileges of their " no-
bility," who bore a much stronger resemblance to the elec-
tors of our constituencies than to our aristocracy. Is it
true, moreover, that the Poles made no efforts to abolish
serfage?ou
r own In
o utnhe
tr
y o
regulating
f Henry
this VII.
specieslaw s
o werer passed in
servitude,
and it was not till the 'reign of Elizabeth that the
distinction between villain and freeman was entirely
abolished ; but in the fourteenth century a Polish King
(Cassimir) obtained the title of " King of
the Peasants,"
for his efforts to improve their condition, and the Diet
wider his reign enacted, " that every peasant ill-treated by
his master, might sell his property and withdraw himself to
