DIVIDENDS.

Feb. 26, G. E. Clark, Bath, linen.draper.—Feb. 26, R. Leach
and \V. M. Poussett, Cow.cross.street, and West.street,
Clerkenwell, dealers.—Feb. 26, W. Towes, Gracechurch
street, stationer.—Feb. 27, T. G. Panson, Aldgate, woollen.
draper—Feb. 27, T. Daffurn, Old Compton-street, Soho, corn.
dealer—Feb. 26, J. Thompson and J. Woods, New Bond-
street, hosiers.—Feb. 26, J. Richardson, Half Moon.strect,
Piccadilly, victualler—Feb. 27. J. Latchford, Piccadilly, bit
and spur.maker.—Feb. 27, B. Verrinder. Davis.street, Ber.
keley.square, coal.merchant.—Feb. 27, W. Mullens, Cheam,
Surrey, builder.— March 6, C. Bramwell, Baker-street, Port-
man-square, wine.merchant.—Feb. 26, W. Gummow and E.
Edmunds, Duke.street, Portland-street, furnishing.iron.mon.
gers.—Feb. 26, R. and M. Jackson, George-street, Minories,
wine-merchants.—Feb. 27.—E. K. Proctor, Hermes.street,
Pentonville, engraver.—Feb. 27, J. Willis, Oxford.street,
hotel.keeper.—Feb. 27, E. Marks and NV. Charrington, Mark-
laneanalt-factors.—Feb. 28, J. Spears, Nottingham and Wood.
street, lace-manufacturer.—Feb 28, D. Wilby, Nottingham,
currier.—March 1, T Pocock, Speen, Berkshire, sheep.dealer.
—Feb. 27, W. Clarke, Red-ditch, Worcestershire, builder.—
Feb. 28, T. H. Downing, Longford, Warwickshire, grocer.—
Feb. 26, J. Evans, Bristol, hatter.—Feb. 26, W. Richards,
Pendergrast, Pembrokeshire, shopkeeper.—March 1, J. Ogle
and W. Walton, Pickwith, Wiltshire, and Liverpool, ner.
chants.—Feb. 28, J. and F. Lapage, Leeds and Liverpool,
merchants. _

CERTIFICATES.—FE.n. 25.
R. Webb, coal.merchant, Ledbury, Herefordshire—J. Davis,
upholsterer, Fleet-street—J. Park, sen., draper, Croston, Lan.
cashire—M. C. Buchann, lodging-house-keePer, Golden.
square—R. Jones, hat-leathercutter—J. Hook, insurance-
broker, Canonbury-square, Islington—W. C. Trevelyan, glass.
manufacturer, Newcas le.upon-Tyne—W. J. Monkhouse.
flour.dealer, Monythusloyne, Monmouthshire—W. Austin,
builder, Singleton-street, Itoxton— W. Brown, stone-mer-
chant, Suffolk-lane, Cannon.street.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

I'. Gard and J. Ballard, gardeners, Camberwell—J. Lythgoe
and W. Cobb, coopers, Liverpool—R. Burnell and T. Burnell,
sugar refiners, Church.street, Mile-end New. Town--J. Lowe
and W. Puleston, mercers, Wrexham, Denbighshire--J. Ncall,
jun., and W. Dais, plumbers, Brighton— R. Gibbs and J. Gibbs,
mercers, Bicester-market.end, Oxfordshire—A. Parker, J.
Brown, and T. J. Parker, attorneys, Sheffield—T. H. William-
son and T. Wallis, hatters, Wellingborough, Northamptonshire
--W. Keay and W. Fletcher, linen-manufacturers, Barnsley-,
Yorkshire—R. Whittey, P. Braises, and T. Milne, nursery-
men, Fulham—J. J. Southam, J. H. Southern, G. Southam,
and S. Southam, cotton-spinners, Ashton-under-Lyne (as far as
regards J. J. Southam)—J. Miller and C. Miller, surgeons, Lan-
cashire—J. Waller and T. Waller, straw.hat manufacturers,
Luton, Bedfordshire--W. L ast,Munster.street, Regent's-pat k,
and J. Brook, coal-merchants, Foley-street, Portland-place.—
E. A. Savageand E. Rawlins, milliners, Holles-street, Caven-
dish-square—F. i
es
thiw.s
iqcuk r
Re
—:FFe.n awn, dc
kH,
F eNewton,wai
cugkdo, IR:
.s msNivt Fo
J.
.nNmweail cns
okun,f Ac
Hawks, J. Webb, G. Hawks,
firers, Lumley, Durham—T. B. Wright and J. Harrison,
stonemasons, Chester—J. Sowerby, J. Brignall, and M. Frank,
power-loom cloth-manufacturers, Manchester—J, and D.
Thompson, plumbers, Wavertree and Woolton, Lancashire—
l. Clarkson,J. Clarkson, and G. Adams, ironmasters—J. Sad.
ler, sen., and J. Sadler, jun., tallow-chandlers, Vere-street,
Claremarket—W. Howard, W. Battle, and J. S. Hawksworth,
silver-platers, Sheffield—R. Meacock, J. Gibbons, and W.
White, ironmongers, Oxford-street—A. and L. Worms, linen-
drapers, Wh itechap el.

William Shutt, Eq., barrister, of the Oxford
Circuit, has been appo,nted Police Magistrate at the
Marylebone Police Office, vice Mr. Griffiths, resigned.
The Bench of Magistrates at the Ridgeway
Srs•ions have decided that the vehicle solrly employed in
con trying pri•ouers to the Devon county gaol, from the
soot ern division of ROA/rough, is exempt from toll, it
heinl on his Majesty's service.-- Western Times.

SECON E 01TION,

SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

IMPERIALPARLIAM EN'l

THIS EVENING.

MUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the chair at 5 o'clock, and informed the
House that he had received from the Lord Chancellor a copy
of the new rules and regulations of the courts of law in confor-
mity with an Act entitled " An Act for the Amendment and
the better Administration of Law in Courts of Justice and
Equity." He had the honour of laying the same before the House.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL expressed his firm convic-
tion that these regulations would receive the cordial support of
the House, and was confident that they would have the effect
of making the law much more reasonable, cheaper, and acces-
sible.
,

Mr. O'CONNELL was glad to find the law was to be made
more reasonable ; it had been unreasonable long enough.
Mr. LEFEVRE brought up the report on the address.
Mr. COBBETT rose immediately, and said he should feel it
his duty to make a distinct motion upon the report.
The report was then read.

Mr. COBBETT said the first thing that he objected to was
to that part of the address which stated that the agricultural
interest was in a distressed state, although it seemed to say that
tranquillity prevailedgenerally throughout the country. Coupling
those two assertions together, he was afraid they would convey
to the country the impression that there was an improper feeling
in the House towards agriculture. That part of the address stated
that the House lamented the continuance of distress amongst the
owners and occupiers of land, although, in all other respects, the
state of the country, as it regarded its internal tranquillity, its
commerce and manufacture, was perfectly satisfactory. He
ventured to assert that there was no gentleman in the
House, who came from the country, but knew that the contrary
was the fact.—(Cries of " No, no.") He knew that there was
:any thing but tranquillity.—(No, no.) He knew that fear and
avrehension prevailed everywhere. The fact was well known,
to be from statements published daily in the newspapers, that
for three months past there had been an average of four fires
per week in the county of Norfolk alone. He asked therefore,
aas it right that the House should tell his Majesty that
tranquillity prevailed in the agricultural part of the kingdom ;
when it was manifest that it did not ? It was not, however,
volely with regard to that he found fault with the address. It
should have offered or held out some remedy for that distress,
And have spoken some comfort to the farmers and occupiers of
land, as well as to the labourers. He intended to move the follow-
ing amendment:—" We have, in common with your Majesty,
to lament the continuance of distress among theproprietors and
occupiers of land, and we beg to assure your Majesty that the
nature, extent, causes, and lamentable effects of that distress
shall be objects of our own immediate and anxious considera-
tion." He thought the House was bound so to do, and that if
they did not, they would not do their duty to his Majesty,
or to the country.— (Hear, hear, hear.) He begged to
refer to the report of the Committee of last session
which, however, said but little—shame it was that thirty-seven
English gentlemen, proprietors of land in the country, should
ay so little, but the meaning of what they did say was, that the
1 _lB the House meddled with agriculture the better. He,
however, firmly believed that there were a few Members in the
House who might contrive some means of mitigating the
distress.—(Hear, hear.) A proposition had been made
by the Hon. Mover of the address, that the extinction of
tithes would be one remedy for the distress of the agricultu-
rists. He (Mr. Cobbett) begged to ask what had the extinc-
tion of tithes to do with agricultural distress ? Oh, it opera-
ted as a check to improvement, and prevented the more ex-
tensive cultivation of the land. Tithes had existed for a thou-
sand years, and it was left to the present moment to show that
they operated as a check on agriculture. The evidence given
before the Committee was that the land was not so well
cultivated as it used to be, and that the crops were now smaller.
It showed that at the same time there were too many hand.,
and yet that the land for want of hands was not so well culti.
vated. The cause of all this ought to be sought after,
and the House ought to tell his Majtssty that they
would endeavour to provide a remedy for it. The Hon-
ourable Member for Hampshire, in his opinion, had fallen
into a great error in stating that tithes were a great grievance—
(Hear)—and hinderance to improvement; the Hon. Member
had forgotten, if that was the case, that the nextlhinderance to
improvement would be rent. He defied any man on earth to
chew that tithes were any more abundance to improvement
than rent was.—(Hear, hear, hear.) It might very easily
be conceived that speaking individually of a man paid
401. or 501. for tithes, and they were removed that he would
with great alacrity consent to it, but he took upon himself to
deny that it would be productive of general good to make any
change in the tithe system. That such a change would add to
the quantity of employment he considered as a fiction and de-
lusion, and if his Majesty's Governrneut acted upon the
opinion that an abolition or a reduction in the tithe
would be of advantage to the agricultural interests, unless they
meant also to abolish the rent, he would take upon himself to
say that they were dealing in delusion as absurd as any that had
been practised by the most deliberate quacks in the world,
With respect to the statement of the Hon. Member for Hants,
as to manufactures, he believed the evidence that had been given
before the Committee, to which he had adverted, would prove
soy thing but the correctness of the statements of the Hon.
Member. But supposing that he was to agree to the state-
ment of the Hon. Member, that manufactures were prosperous,
was it not a most curious fact, that every thing should be
prosperous, with the exception of agriculture? What, he would
ask, was the commercial interest compared with the agricultural
Why if the whole country was divided, 16-20ths of the people
would be engaged in agriculture.—(Cries of " Oh.") Ile
spoke within compass when lie made that statement. Why
was the land to be eaten up, or why was the land-owner to be
ejected for the purpose of aggrandising money.mongers ? On the
present morning a petition had been presented by an Hon. Mem-
ber,lasking the dissenters might be relieved from church rates. On
the presentation of that petition he asked whether they did
not also wish to be relieved from tithes. In his opinion justice
must be done to all parties, or no satisfaction would be pro-
produced. in his opinion, the words of the address, as they now
stood, were certainly equivocal. When it stated that the
country was tranquilt he was sure that his Majesty must be
perfectly convinced that such was not the case. No man could
say that tranquillity could exist, for in the newspapers of the
present day no less than four fires had been recorded and
many other different acts of incendiarism.—(Hear, hear.;—
Out of every forty fires there was but one conviction ; so great
was the difficulty of detecting the indendiary, that farmers
came to a resolution of lowering the wages one shilling per week,
till the perpetrators were discovered. It would be the duty of
the House to announce to his Majesty their intention
of finding a sufficient remedy for all this, and tell
his Majesty that we would do it.—(Hear, hear.) A serse
of duty enjoined him (Mr. Cobbett) to make these observa-
tions; he had no desire about putting his motion to a division,
but if such a notion was entertained of the state of the country
surely no probable remedy was meditated for it; indeed, as
the Hon. Member for Middlesex said, such an amendment
looked like a desire and a pretext for not repealing the
Corn Laws.—(Hear.) Such an announcement was no
tranquilliser. He (Mr. Cobbett) would not delay the House
five minutes longer.—(Cries of (" Oh, oh !") He had said at
the beginning, that he would not press for a division. If he
could only draw from his Majesty's Ministers an avowal of
their intention to give the country a hope of investigating
such a state of things as now existed, and of finding a
remedy for them, he would then be satisfied. He was
at a loss to discover what motive there could be in disguising
those facts, as appeared by the report laid before the House
last session, and he would call on all men in and out of the
House to join instituting an inquiry into those matters. If
not, the country will go into despair, and the address will pro-
no effect but mischief. It was disgraceful not to make that
inquiry. And he (Mr, Cobbett) would not have done his duty
if he had allowed the present occasion to pass without his pro-
test against such an address. orgegra:Aitleapit,,,,,

The amendment was then seconded by Mr. FINN.
!Rafter a few words from Lord Althop and Mr. Finn,

Mr. LITTLETON would best consult the wishes of the
House by not occupying time. As far as his own feeling wi-s
concerned, he was decidedly of opinion that the political agita_.
tion which had prevailed i is Ireland, had tended very much to
he encouragement of disobeying the laws. With respect to
the Coercion Bill, he would read a statement which would
prove the happy results of passing that Bill. He would take
the periods of seven months before, and seven months after its

(Left speaking.)

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Parliament may be said to have opened under happy
auspices. Our anticipation of the various points in the speech
from the throne will be found to have been essentially correct.
We were somewhat astonished to find the Duke of Wellington
An admirer of the Presidential messages of the United States.
It was said by a distinguished Minister, now no more, that a
King's speech was most perfect when it was most vague, when
no definite meaning could be attached to any part of it. We
are not aware that the King's speeches, during the Ministry of
the Noble Duke, fell materially short of this standard of per-
fection. Last night, however, he seemed to have obtained a
new light. " Certainly (he said) the speech appeared to him
to contain as little as any speech from the throne that he had
The address in the Lords was agreed to unanimously. The
part of the speech most objected to in the Commons, was that
,ahich indicated, in a manner not to be mistaken, the determi-
a4tion of the Government to put down the repeal agitation in
trelamL Mr. Morrison, who seconded the address, and who
kas lately travelled through Ireland, dwelt on the rapid strides
of industry in the north, and the absence of industry in
the south, notwithstanding its natural advantages, and he
attributes the non-prosperity of the south to the continual
agitation. *! Manufactories," he said, "could not be esta.
blished nor flourish in a country, or in any part of it, where
outrage was encouraged and where it prevailed.—(Hear.)"
He admitted that evils calling loudly for redress existed in Ire.
land ; but an English Parliament could yield the necessary
redress, and apply more effectually the remedies called for
than an Irish Parliament. It is, a.s Mr. Morrison observed
quite superfluous to argue this question in England, for men's
minds are made up on the subject; and every sensible Irishman
must see the folly of persisting in an agitation which can have
roother result than that of disturbing the peace of the country.
They who are charged with the Government have a heavy re.

sponsibility on them, and it behhvea then% to distinguish between
the representations cf citizens conceiving themselves aggrieved
under bad or partial laws, and a system of agitation having for
"eb,lect a disorganization which could only be effectedby civil strife
and bloodshed. It is not enough that the superior power of the
one island could always, if matters were pushed to extremities,
insure the submission of the other. How much calamity would
the first shock of arms inflict on both countries ! The repeal
agitation is either a mask, or it means bloodshed. We are,
therefore, by no means disposed to look with favour on the con-
tinuance of the agitation; and the Government can hardly be
blamed for endeavouring to see whether it can be put an end to.
If Ministers fairly grapple with Ireland, and endeavour to apply
not palliatives but effectual remedies to the diseases of Ireland,
they will be supported by the well-intentioned of the people of
both islands in the measures they may deem necessary for pre-
serving the tranquillity of Ireland. To a number of the Irish
Members the part of the speech relating to Ireland was anything
but acceptable. Two divisions took place on amendments moved
by Mr. H. Grattan and Mr. O'Connell.—Morning Chronicle.
Though the constitution of Parliament has suffered some
alteration, the composition of a King's speech has not yet un-
dergone any reform. It is still the same vague, unsatisfactory,
and mystified sort of production that it has been ever since we
can remember—an exemplification of the art of saying nothing
under the ostentatious pretence of making important disclosures.
We must, however, make one exception—there is a part of
every King's speech which is so clearly and explicitly worded,
that it can admit of no mistake. We mean the part which
relates to the supplies. There is no fiction or obscurity in
this matter;—what is more, every promise to make fresh
demands upon the purse of the nation is religiously kept, what.
ever may be the degree of ingenuity exercised in slurring over
the burdens of the people, or in evading pledges given for
their removal. In the present speech no promise is made to
remove any of the burdens under which the people of England
at this moment labour; so none can be broken. Not a
word, for instance, is said of the assessed taxes. We
are now in the nineteenth year of peace, and those taxes,
which were laid on expressly as war taxes, still continue
their galling pressure upon the public industry. The pledge
given by Government at the time of their imposition was that
they should be taken off within two years after the commence-
ment of a general peace. Their existence at the present day,
and with the increased pressure of grievous surcharges by
which the Whig Administration has been particularly distin.
guished, proves with what good faith that promise has been
kept. Though the present Chancellor of the Exchequer voted
against the house and window taxes when a simple Member of
Opposition, solicitous of popularity, yet now that he is in office,
he would rather feed with the money of the public the splendid
pauperism of the pension list than relieve the oppressed indus-
try of the people. The speech travels into Spain for matter to
interest the people of this country ; but what can interest them
so much as the alleviation of their own fiscal burdens, of which
not a word is said ? Of what moment to the British public is
the succession to the Spanish throne, compared with the reform
of the system of taxation at home ?—a system under which
agriculture, commerce, and manufactures groan, and which, as
long as it lasts, makes the theories of free trade an insulting
mockery to a nation whose industry and energies are effectually
tied up from all free competition with other communities, by
the gyves and shackles of enormous taxation. To know
that this system is to be ameliorated would be far more
important to the people of England than to learn what
results Lord Palmerston's protocols had produced on
the destinies of ill-fated Belgium, or to be apprised,
through the medium of a Royal Speech, that the civil
war in Portugal still continues. As to the proposed measures
connected with the Municipal, Ecclesiastical, and Poor Law
Commissions, we shall wait un•il they are fairly propounded.
If good, they shall have our support—if not, our opposition,
regardless of what merits or demerits they may have in the
eyes of those who only look at public questions through the
spectacles of party. We confess that what has been already
published under the authority of Government with regard to
the poor laws makes us very suspicious of the nature of any
measure founded upon such a support. If an attempt be made
to carry Malthusian theories into practice, and if starvation is
to be the substitute for a just economy, we shall not fail to
defend the rights, and call public attention to the wrongs of
that class of British subjects who have no representatives in
Parliament. We are glad to find that the manner in which the
Bill for abolishing negro slavery has been received throughout
the British colonies, and the progress already made in carrying
it into execution by the Legislature of Jamaica, aflbrds just
grounds for anticipating the happiest results. Accounts to the
same effbct we had previously published. That measure ought
to be a good one which has cost the British public twenty mil-
lions sterling. It might have been better if the lash was
not still allowed to tear the flesh of slaves, both male
and female. It might have been worse if we had not
been instrumental in raising the public feeling against the
twelve years of servitude originally proposed, and thereby
caused five of those years to be struck off. We could wish
Government did not limit its humane sympathies to black slaves
alone. We could wish they would listen to the voice of civil-
ization and humanity in reforming the discipline of the army
and navy, and removing the degrading and brutal torture of the
lash from the backs of the brave defenders of their country.
The distress among the proprietors and occupiers of land is ad.
mitted. Commerce is stated, indeed, to be improving, but
nothing is said of the lamentably depressed condition of the
shipping interests. Rash experiments, which broke down the
legislative protection of the shipowners, without removing their
legislative burdens, produced that state of things which has
brought them to the verge of ruin. Will Government, in the
face of such a warning, proceed to improve the condition of the
agriculturists by breaking down their legislative protection too,
which at present is scarcely sufficient to preserve them from
destruction ? If they take steps to cause agricultural prices to
fall lower than they are already, without extinguishing one
half of the national debt, and a proportionate share of tax.
ation, they will never be able to retrieve the calamitous
consequences. That part of the speech which speaks of
supporting on its ancient foundations, and in the just dis-
tribution of its powers, the ancient constitution of the State,
is rather Conservative in its tone, and we are disposed to
believe was intended to convey to the public an :intimation that
Ministers will not be a party to the meditated warfare of some
classes of Dissenters against the Established Church. We
should like to see the palpable, or proved abuses of the Church
reformed, and all fair allegations of grievance on the part of the
Dissenters taken into consideration; but the Established
Church, as the mother of all the sects of reformed religion in
this country, and of the liberty of conscience which they enjoy,
is too Christian and tolerant in its doctrines, too useful as a
guardian and dispenser of Christian knowledge and instruction,to
be destroyed without causing incalculable mischief to the in-
terests of religion, and even injuring the objects which honest
and sincere Dissenters have in view, by giving infidelity a
triumph in the demolition of that fortress, whence the ablest
and most learned champions of Divine truth have issued, to
maintain the cause of Christianity, and to chain the pride of
human reason to the triumphal chariot of our faith. Ireland,
as usual, forms a prominent object in the speech from the throne.
The repealers are denounced, and measures of amelioration are
held in prospect. But we believe there are almost as few
who will be deluded by the one, as there are who will be
terrified by the other. The truth is that, Session after
Session, Ministers have been holding forth hopes that better
things are in store for the people of Ireland, and their pro-
fessions have been, unhappily, followed by neglect and bitter
disappointment. They have either overlooked the real evils of
the country, or they have had recourse to those quack reme-
dies which only aggravate disease. Instead of compelling the
turbulent to be tranquil, their measures have almost had the
effect of converting the peacable and loyal into disaffected. It
cannot be denied that the great mass of the people are in a
state of want and misery, arising from the absence of employ-
ment itself, in a great measure the consequence of absenteeism,
which renders them the ready instruments of the agrarian ter-
rorist and the political agitator. The Protestants of Ireland
are the only tranquil part of the population at present ; but
they are not treated well. If Government does not act with
more honesty, wisdom, and moral courage, it must prepare to
see the cry for the repeal of the Union spread through the
country; and what was some time ago the visionary anticipa-
tion of a desperate few—a separation between the two coun-
tries—actually realised.—Morning Herald.
The attention of the country will probably for some days be
exclusively occupied with the opening of Parliament—the
second session of the reformed Parliament—with the speech
delivered from the throne upon this occasion, and the observa-
tions it elicited from Members of both branches of the Legisla-
ture. We feel bound to express the unfeigned satisfaction
which several parts of his Majesty's speech, and of the expla-
natory remarks of his Ministers, have afforded us. The
passages to which we allude are not perhaps expressed with the
dignified moderation and reserve which befitted the occasion or
the station and character of the speakers ; but this defect we
can the more easily forgive, that, wherever we find an approach
to unseemly vehemence, it is ♦ehemence in the support of
principles of which we have been the steady and consistent,
although the feeble and incompetent, advocates. The triumph
of Conservative principles was yesterday proclaimed from the
Throne of England, and loudly re-echoed by the Ministers of
the Crown—a proclamation to which we attach the greater
value, that we believe it to have been dictated by the unequivo-
cal sense of the community, and the clear perception of the
Ministers of the Crown, that in order to remain Ministers, they
must of necessity become Conservatives. If there was unbe-
coming violence in the expression ofsentiments so new, and if it
combines with other circumstances to beget a suspicion that
the change which has been produced in the temper and lan-
guage of the Administration is less the result of conviction
than of necessity, this is but an additional subject of con-
gratulation, since it at once attests the force of public
opinion, and the cheering fact, that the current of pub-
lic opinion has at length taken a just and a beneficial
direction. It is right and just the Agitator of Ireland should
be reproved by those who have contributed so much to give
importance to his character and efficacy to his exertions,
although our taste be a little offended when we hear language
approaching to that of vituperation addressed directly to an in-
dividual from the British Throne. It is unquestionably right
and just that the first Minister of the British Crown should de-
clare himself one of the most zealous supporters of the Esta-
blished Church, although it may excite regret that this
Minister did not discover what has long been known to all
the rest of mankind, that " some of the Dissenters," to quote
his own words, " entertain schemes of the most wild, ex-
travagant, and hazardous character," before he contrived
to throw into their hands much more than their fair
and equal share of the national representation ! and
although it is certainly unfortunate that a similar declaration of
attachment to the rights and privileges of" the order to which
he belongs" was once made by the same Minister, and has not
been uniformly !Wier"d by corresponding conduct. We rewire

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 5, 1834•

The King's Speech, on the whole, and in relation to
the usual ambiguous and cautious character o f the State
document in this country, is liberal in its spirit, and indi-
cative of the general good intentions of the Ministry.
Ics defects are not those of commission, but of omission.
A liberal design in Foreign Policy is sufficiently exhibited
io the palpable " goad understanding" assumed with
France, and in the evident ministerial interest in the
struggles for civil freedom pending in Belgium, Portugal,
and Spain. A significant hint is given to the Holy Alli-
ance, and especially to the Autocrat of Russia, that the
independence of Turkey shall be secured, and, if ne.
cessary, protAted, by Great Britain. The important
question of Corporation Reform is a prominent topic of
the Speech ; and although the termination of Church
Abuses, and the reformation of the Hierarchy, are ten-
derly touched, the meaning of the passages in the Speech,
referring to those popular subjects, cannot be misunder-
stood. Some allowance must be made for the position
of Ministers in the question of Church Reform, and it
m;ght be prudent not to give the Conservatives a
band's, by any more spacing rafargoca to their intentions

on this subject. The Government will doubtless a t
a fitting time introduce their measures of Church
reform into the House of Commons, when the Legisla-
ture will, in the Lower House, apply an unsparing cor..
rective to the manifold defects of the Church Establish-
ment. The Dissenters may have expected some reference
to their public claims for redress of grievances—for relief
from Church Rates, a Civil Registration, and admission to
the English Universities—but we do not doubt that they
will be fully satisfied on these points early in the session.
Ireland, alas ! as usual, occupies too prominent a
position in the Royal Message. The per!iey of the
Irish passages of the speech, which denounce the re-
peal question and its systematic agitation, has been ques-
tioned by the independent Members of the House of
Commons; though it seems to have afforded peculiar
satisfaction to the Orange spirit of Sir Robert Peel. We
admit that some doubt may exist on the wisdom of this
portion of the speech; but the Ministry were obliged to
notice specially the agitation of repeal, connected as it re-
cently has been with the excitement of feelings of
social discord between the people of the different portions
of the kingdom. We may not approve the extreme terms
of denunciation used in the speech, but a decided con-
demnation of the agitation was essential, and is a just
support of the Irish Government and the influential
classes opposed to the legislative dismemberment of
the kingdom. The omissions cannot be justified.
Economy and retrenchment—the pledges of Lord Gary
—might have been more specifically and advisedly
promised. It xi as expected that the all-important
subjt ct of national education would have occupied its just
position in the programme of pending Ministerial mea-
sures, and we fear that Ministers are not fully prepared
to extinguish the abominable system of tithes. But we
shall judge the Administration and the reformed House of
Commons by their acts, not by their sayings; and if the
political dose is prepared sufficiently strong, the Lords
must swallow it. lf, on the contrary, the proposed mea-
sures are paltering and insufficient, the Tories will reject
them, and Ministers will be deposed from the high throne
of public opinion.

In the House of Lords last night, Earl GREY replied to
the side-wind attacks of the Duke of WELLINGTON on
certain portions of the King's Speech, in a very satisfac-
tory manner. On the subject of Turkey, and the unfor-
tunate treaty of Adrianople, entered into with Russia,
when his Grace was Prime Minister, the Noble Earl was
remarkab'y happy. In the House of Commons, Messrs.
HOME and O'CONNELL moved several amendments, all of
which met with the same fate of rejection. Lord AL-
THORP's reply to Mr. IlumE, wherein he observed that
be should be enabled in the present session to reduce taxa-
tion, and that he should bring in a Bill not only for the
commtration, hut for the redemption, of tithe, seemed to
afford the House general satisfaction. The heavy press of
Pariiamentary matter 'prevents us entering further into
de: ails.

The French Papers of Monday are still occupied with
the late disastrous duel, which appears to have created a
most extraordinary sensation throughout Paris. 'I he
funeral;however, of M.Du Lotto passed tff quitely. It was
rep• r ed, but not generally believed, that General Ru
MIGNY had been sent from Paris by order of the KING,
in order to prevent his having a hostile meeting with the
Editor of Le National.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, FEB. 3
Jive per Cents., 105 f. 60c. 45c.
Three per Cents., 75f. 40c. 25c.
Bank Actions, 1,720 f
Rente de Naples, 001. 90c.
Roman Five per Cents., 91%.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 22N.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 37X.
Royal Spanish Loan, 71%.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 59.
Belgian Loan, 1831, Five per Cent., 97%.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 25c. ; money, 25f. 23c.
Thcroueern,idruhttties;,?aallr, —f. —c.; money, 25f. 10c.

German Papers have been received, but their contents
are of no moment.

VIENNA, JAN. 26.—Five per Cent. Metalliques, 951 ; Four
per Cent., 85 3-32 ; Bank Shares, 1218 1-s.—Allgemeine Zeitung,
Jan. 30.

It will be seen by the subjoined document, dated
Al►drid, Jan. 18, 1834, that a Commission has been
appointed to inquire into and report upon the amount of
debt, foreign and domestic, and extent of resources of
Spain :
" Madrid, Jan. 18, 1834.
" To the Directors. General of the Revenue.

" With the view of establishing the public credit of Spain
on a footing calculated to afford the creditors of the State every
security for the fulfilment of the engagements entered into with
them ; and it being necessary, for the accomplishment of this
object, to ascertain precisely the origin, cause, amount, and ac-
tual state of the debts contracted with Foreign Powers since
the year 1823, as also the nature and stipulations of the loans
negotiated since that period, and the amount of the internal or
national debt, her Majesty the Queen Regent has been pleased
to appoint a Committee for the investigation of these matters,
with directions for their furnishing, as soon as may be, a com-
plete statement in relation to this subject ; and said Committee
is to be composed of Don B. M. Montaos, Don J. M. Ferrer,
and Don R. Carrasco, to whom the several departments of
State, and the other public offices, will furnish all the docu-
ments and papers that may be required.
" To the Directors-General of the Revenue."

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Accounts from Bayonne, by the French Mail of this
morning, state, that the insurgents were concentrating their
forces in the Valley of Bastan. General Valdez had arrived in
Pampeluna, but left that town to attack them. It is now
known as positive, that a second English merchant ship has
landed a quantity of muskets for the insurgents, near
Fontarabie.

I AI F MA L PARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, FEB. 6.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

Their Lordships met to-day at half-past one o'clock, fot the
purpose of carrying up the address, that had been agreed to last
night, to his Majesty, in answer to his most gracious speech de-
livered yesterday. The Peers present, all of whom appeared in
their full Court dresses, were the mover and seconder (the
Duke of Sutherland and Lord Howard of Effingham), the
Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, the Dukes of
Richmond, Argyle, and Norfolk; Lords Shaftesbury, Auck-
land and King; and the Bishops of Chichester and Hereford.

The Duke of ARGYLE, as Lord Steward of the Household,
informed their Lordships that his Majesty would receive the
address at two o'clock this day.

Shortly before that hour their Lordships adjourned to half-
past three o'clock to-morrow, and immediately proceeded in
state to present the address to his Majesty at St. James's Palace.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair this morning at 12 o'clock.
Some private petitions having been presented,
Mr. EWART presented one most numerously signed from
Liverpool, praying for a repeal of the present system of poor
laws. He was much disappointed that no mention was
made of the subject in his Majesty's Speech, for it proved
that there was no intention to arrange the matter during the
present session entertained by the Ministry. The House, how-
ever, was bound to legislate not for one part of the community
only, but for the general good, and he hoped that something
would yet be done in it.
Mr. COBBETT said that as that was the first petition
on the subject for the present session, he would take the opjx)r-
tunity of saying that upon no other subject that was thought
of, did the people entertain more monstrously erroneous opi-
nions than on that, and he trusted the House would never give
way to the clamour that prevailed upon it. If they once took
away the protection of those laws, without, at the same time,
also completely overturning the whole of the present system
of the country, the farmers would be ruined. When the
question came before the House, he did not fear that he should
easily be able to show the fallacy of the opinion expressed in
the petition.

Mr. FINN begged to call the attention of the House to the
language of the petition ; it demanded the abolition of the
monopoly. No such language had ever been used by his unfor-
tunate countrymen, yet their conduct was viewed with just in-
dignation. That was the way in which Ireland was always
served, and it never would obtain more justice till they had a
national legislature.

Mr. EWART then presented a petition from the ship_
bui ders of Liverpool, praying for an equalization of the duties
which affected their trade, as respected the Isle of Man and
their port.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.

Mr. R. WALLACE presented a petition from Greenock,
praying for the abolition of church patronage in Scotland. He
said it was signed by 3,565 persons of the greatest respectability,
and it would show the House how strong the feeling upon the
subject was in Scotland, when he told them that the meeting
at which the petition was adopted, was presided over by the
Chief Magistrate of the town, which was the largest seaport
in the country, and that it was signed by every one of the other
magistrates, as well as the Town Council. The Ministry in-
structed his Majesty most graciously to forget Scotland in his
speech, and to refuse to take any notice of the desires of almost
the whole population of the country. It was the snore to be
lamented, after the manner in which the representatives of
that country had been treated upon that subject during the last
session. After notice of a motion upon the subject had been
given, they were told by the Lord Advocate that Ministers in-
tended to bring forward the question, but they were put off from
time to time, yet the session passed over without the promise being
fulfilled, and then the opportunity for bringing on the subject
was lost to his Hon. Friend the Member for Caithness. He
had then made charges of bribery in the disposal of the Crown
patronage. His statement was then denied; but on inquiry
since, he found that he had stated little but the truth. Now lie
had another case, where a minister of a parish in Stirlingshire
having died, another was put in, without one single parishioner
having been consulted. The living was given away upon the
old principle of governing Scotland by patronage, and he be.
lieved if it was inquired into, it would be found that the soli-
citors for the living were those whose names were oftenest seen
in the Treasury. Surely the system did not now require to be
inquired. into. It was the inhabitants of the parish who sat
under the minister to hear the word of God, and not the
patron; but how could they have any affection or confidence in
their pastor, when he was a man whom they had never seen
before ? Let the baneful influence of patronage be once abo-
lished, and then the establishment would once more become
what it ought to be, a great machine of usefulness and happi.
ness to the people.
Hon. G. ELLIOTT said that he thought the Hon. Member
who had presented the petition had entered into details
which were rather premature. He felt, however, convinced
that the motion which it was the intention of the Hon. Mem.
ber to move in the present session, and which would probably
be supported by the House—(Hear, hear)—wo.,ld be produc.
tive of the most beneficial results. Under these circumstances
he would refrain from giving his opinion at present, further
_than to say that notwithstanding the outcry that had been
raised against the Ecclesiastical Institutions of Scotland, he was
convinced that the duties of the establishment were fairly and
honestly executed.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. SINCLAIR said that there was no subject with respect
to which there existed so lively an interest in Scotland, as that
of Church Reform. He could only say that, for his own part,
he was actuated by a sincere desire to uphold that establish.
ment ; but it was only by correcting the evils that had crept
into it, that it could for any time be upheld.—(Hear, hear.)
When he brought forward a motion upon this subject last
session, he was told by the Lord Advocate that it was the in-
tention of the Government to bring forward some specific
plan of their own. That intention was afterwards
laid aside, but he trusted that when lie brought forward
the motion of which he had given notice, it would be fairly
discussed, and would receive the support of his Majesty's
Ministers. There were many Presbyterians who were at
present separated from the Church Establishment, but who,
nevertheless, were sincerely attached to it; and one great
object of his motion would be to enable those dissenters, who
were unconnected with the church, to return to it.—(Hear,
hear, hear.) It was to be lamented that every individual,
who complained of the grievances of the Church Establishment,
was branded as an enemy, but he who opposed all remedy, and
withstood every attempt to reform the Church, was canonized
as a champion of the establishment.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. D. W. HARVEY said, that if the Hon. Member's ob-
servations had been postponed to a later period of the sittings,
he (Mr. Harvey) was afraid that the Hon. Member would
scarcely have the courage, or the House the good sense, to listen
to his remarks.—(Laughter.) They had been told that all
they had to do was to present their petitions, but they were not
to tell from whence they came, the subject of them, or by whom
they were signed, their sole duty being to see that the petitions
were decently interred in the bag of the House.—(Laughter.)
It was only on occasions like this that the sentiments of the
people conld be at all fairly conveyed, and he thought that
Hon. Members would but ill discharge their duty if, on present-
ing petitions so numerously and respectably signed, they were
to allow them to be disposed of in the manner which the Hon.
Member advised. He understood last session that this was to
be a convenient morning sitting, for the purpose of presenting
petitions, that they were in fact to become a deliberative as-
sembly, and that one or more of his Majesty's responsi-
able advisers would be always present to hear the representa-
tions and to learn the waists of the people.—(Hear, hear.)
The Ministers were directly charged by this petition with per.
verting the sacred offices of the church to the basest of pur-
poses, and yet there was not one of them present to meet the
accusation. It was most important that such petitions as the
present should be fully stated to the House, and dealt with by
themselves, as it was clear that the Government did not mean to
do anything in the way of reform in respect to the Church Esta-
blishment.—(Hear, hear.) They were told last session to have
patience, in order that during the summer recess the Ministers
should have time to attend to the reform of the Established
Church, both of this country and of Ireland and Scotland.
But what was the result of their long and profound considera-
tions ? Why, that the Dissenters were to be allowed to cele-
brate marriages amongst t hemselves.— (A laugh.) This was
to be the whole extent of the reform of the Church. The
Hon. Member had said that the Whigs were pursuing the
same plan as the Tories had done, but this plan was
part of the system of Tory Government ; it was
the manner in which it was kept together. The Whigs
disclaimed all patronage, they :denied that they had
any other object in the possession of power, which, indeed,
was both a detriment and discredit to themselves, but the in-
terests of the people. He trusted that on all future occasions
they would be honoured by the presence of one of his Majesty's
responsible advisers.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. RUTHVEN supported the petition,

Mr. WILKS presented a petition from the members of the
committee of the institution for the protection of religious
liberty, praying for a full participation in the advantages of
education, the removal of such laws as affected marriages,
births, &c.—Ordered to lie on the table.

Mr. O'CONNELL rose to present a petition from the parish
of Kilrane, in the county of Wexford, praying for a repeal of
the Union. A question (continued the Hon. Gentleman) which
cannot be stifled by any insolent denunciation, or denied the
advantage of argument by the interference of authority in put-
ting it down. Such a mode of preventing its discussion
would surely tend to impart disgust, and create dis-
affection in a country where none at present exists. It
was in the power of the people of Ireland to discuss that
question, and that in spite of the derision that is attempted to
be thrown on it ; and never were the Government or people
of England more mistaken than in supposing that such a ques.
tion could be put down, even though backed by the majority
of that House. The mistake would be soon found, for the
question cannot, nor will not be stifled--(Some cries of
" Hear, hear.")—The petition was then ordered to be laid on
the table.

Mr. O'CONNELL next presented a petition, from
the same parish, praying for the total abolition of
tithes. Some plan was about to be produced, he had
understood, which was to lead to what was called a final adjust-
ment of that question. If the Hon. Secretary for Ireland had
condescended to attend the House on the present occasion, he
might have informed them what that plan was. But he (Mr. O'C.)
supposed that doing so would be considered undignified. Yet he
might have sent some deputy, either under tor over him—CA

laugb)—who could have developed this miraculous
would indeed be a miracle, if it performed what it I
for it was to relieve the present burdens, and still to
the present incumbents in their incomes. Indeed, sot
was required to do this ; to mitigate the sufferings of tht
and to secure the sinecures of the Church. He wish,
some one had been here to disclose this plan—this fair:
Ireland's legislation.—(Hear, hear.)
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. O'CONNELL next presented two petitions ft
city of Dublin and its vicinity; one from the city of
ell
other from the parish of St. Michon's, in that
object of those was speedy relief from local taxes.
Mr. O'Connell should express his conviction, that it
possible to do justice to his constituents, in the absent
responsible member of the Irish Government.—Orden

on the table.
Mr. HARDY begged to remark, that if notice •
u_.
given by the Hon. Gentleman of his intention topresent sw:
petitions, doubtless there would have been some one in attend 3
ance to answer him any thing he may feel disposed t ~
It would be a waste of time for his Majesty's Ministers to et
tend, when perhaps nothing was to be done. Gentle'
Mr. FINN reprehended the observation of the Hon.th tr 0
,_
man, It was a culious expression to make use of, that .
of his Majesty's Ministers was wasted in Beetling to the c 13,
plaints of the people.
oftime for such members of his Majesty's Government to aint
when they might not beable to afford information en the paot. 7
Mr. HARDY explained. He knew that it would be at` aStii!
required ; whereas, if a specific notice was given of the nen . r..,
of the petitions to be presented, such members might att
hear.)t '''
were conversant with the matter introduced.—(Hear,
h Mr. O'CONNELL rose to present the petition of a man who,
had been very hardly treated; and treated in perhaps a mann r.
He Hutted
such as • no man in England or Scotland had been. ..e 3_ „._.,.
to O'Leary, who had been transported from the county of t-,..u...
It was the petition of eight children of a man named Jof;
Leary, late a farmer in Doneraile, in Ireland, but now lir.
sentence of transportation in New South 'Wales, and it
_e"'_
planted of his unjust treatment. The Hon. and Learned M.lo',
ber said from what he knew of the case the sentence againiste
that man was a most iniquitous one. The offence of whic.h
_)
was convicted was a most atrocious one, and one which, if he.
wereguilty, would deserve more if possible than the punishineeT. ,
of death. He was tried for conspiring with three others totted, 1
feet the murder of two magistrates, amid a lady was went' I
in a carriage
- supposed to belong to one of those magistrates, a.n ,
• Paling
if he were guilty the Government was most culpable in s ,
his life. The whole of the four accused were tried at ditrefeenen ~,
periods, but in consequence of the evident discrepancy betty;.,,
the evidence of the principal witness and his depositions
the
before the magistrates, three of them were acquitted-Ai!: (,
c. 0
fourth, John Leary, however, was convicted, although the
same contradictory evidence was given on his trial. The ler. f
diet, therefore, against Leary, stood falsified by three otr ,i,
solemn verdicts. He (Mr. O'Connell) asked, if under
ottani!: , !:
circumstances a Scotsman had been banished from his co Te , ,
what would be the feelings of the members for Scotland?
_t7e., -
knew and admired the great affection which the Scotch geh"esr,
transported for an offence of which he Was
men possessed towards their own countrymen-'( Hear, ood I
from the Irish Members)—and he put it to them, what vi. E-70 i'
be their feelings on seeing a respectable farmer at thee ge:- I
Leary were guilty, the Government were bound to punis __,, ,
only tran.....
to the full extent of the law, but it seemed he Was
ported. He had again to regret the absence of Ministers t ..
somehisone connected with the Government ought to be 10°7. -
place when such subjects were brought forwar ' ,:
all
and with regard to giving notice to the head of 1
department, if it were now 81%e
notice necessary he would ,
..,,s •
notice that not a • single day during the session should r-..,, ,
without his brin • ging down a sufficient number of important jr-,
titions with
applicationsprpripropriety
of behalfgra notifngLeaarpyarhda
respect to Irish matters. He meant to foun.7
motion on this case, with a view of bringing the clnesth°
drau,nu butpa documentnoredress
directly
before the House, and then it would be seen Whew; ber
the unfortunate man was to have that justice that would ne',„,e,
denied to a native of either Scotland or England. SucCess
Deneraile hadbeen made to the Duke
Wellington's Government, d to
to the Marquis of An lesea, an-,si •• .
the Wellesley,Marquiscould be obtained,a ~ed
Mr. Baron Penn f e ather, who tried the man, stronglc.n7o( ','
pardon, , and the, i nll,nl a°cg I. strt ahr-lh' limit
e2(14
the
was his intention on a future day he
to move for the pr foot -
of copies of ....se
the records and depositions relating to the
trials, in ,order that the House might decide whether the ..•- i
/
did not call for its interposition.
Mr. FINN supported the petition. ...,,,
Mr. SINCLAIR said, the Hon. and Learned Gentilo
opposite had only done the Scotch justice in'saYing theY Wunitid • '
never rest satisfied when they found a native of their cro
hll°'
unjustly treated, until they had obtained redress f
d 'ei
At the same time, he was confident that every ie iv _ ~,
from the other side of the Tweed would be equally anxious r
obtain redress for any oppressed native of Ireland. With orri
spect to the repeal of the Union, the success a which wasao, .
very probable, he would just like the Hon. and Learned., hi
tleman to bring forward a statement of all the meta" 0,
thought likely to be brought forward on College-green, an"Pa,
in favour of gthe rolan.tlWilt ::
bably he would find some of those measures likely to meet Sr
teas here. ent#
Mr. HARDY said it appeared [to him, from the stateln
be.,
that
which had been made, the individual in question had go
convicted of a conspiracy with certain others; the others %is•
acquitted; therefore the indictment must have fallen t° ii
ground as regarded the one, and he knew not on what ground t` ''•
could
have been Government could have r
efused tO
Leary's 1 beration. *
. ,
Dir
. O'CONNELL said he had been indicted for a c 0 °
racy with persons unknown ; but, besides that, he was cbarggi' '
with other counts, equally capital, of Whiteboyism.
Sergeant
Mr.MO;
SPANKIE could not but admit that the
end Learned Gentleman had stated a case well meriting in'
ligation,e the relation of which could not fail to surprise
on
acquainted with the administration justice in '—'
ion of to ;
land—(Hear, hear,) The inference to be drawn fro 're 1
facts • would lead to a conclusion of blame in quarters wbe
*
it would have to be regretted, to find blame attributable. wed
the facts were revieWere .
as stated, the case ought to have been
long ago. He had never heard of mercy being refused.,v Heat, (
mercy had been recommended by a Learned haveJudge*-' •
•I
hear.) It was surprising, also, that this person shouid e
been tried on an indictment containing various counts, beeeu:is
a Judge in England would have sent the Prosecutor mho
election, and not have embarrassed a criminal bY trYinfLuat I
on many counts. He hoped the law in Ireland was not s.eu.;
the
to the administration ofjustice; it would soon be so. Wh..nae.
subject was brought forward it should have his best assisl'7,att
Mr. O'CONNELL assured the House that the cO7-ct,i
practice in Ireland was not only to multiply counts in in aad
merits, but to multiply indictments against a prisoner, hr
send them to the same jury. He knew himself that , 0
Baron Pennefather had twice recommended this individual
mercy. ..„011$
Mr. FITZSIMON presented a petition from Clare, l'''"d,' :
for the introduction of Poor Laws into Ireland.—Adjourn - 1

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DO)

FROM LLOYD'S. 13aP,
DEAL, FEB. 4.—Wind S.S. W.— Arrived the Caroliner,
es„
nard, from St. Michael's; and Jane, from London fo
York, remains with several others.
PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 4.—Wind S.S.E. to S.W. • ed t"
PLYMOUTH, FEB. 3.—Wind S. by E., fresh.—ArnV frotli
Speculator, Jack son, from Memel; Brilliant, Parlret:.
Nantes; and Ceylon, Batty, from London for the Maurits
FALMOUTH, FEB. a—Wind S.S. W. to S., strong gales
$Ol
squally.—Arrived the Ariel, Mann, from Pernambuco;
tannia, Wade, from Liverpool, with six feet water in the 11. cv,
bound to New Orleans; Falcon, Burrell, from London foroi;v:
Helena; Olive Branch, Skirling, for the Cape of Good
and Charles Eyton, Moore, for Sydney, New South Wale'.
LIVERPOOL, FEB. 3.—Arrived the Saratoga, Marshall; `;e,
Queen Adelaide, Buland, from New Orleans ; and Medora,
die, from Charlestown. Offport the Glaret, Thomas, from Ca
St. George, Thompson, from Glasgow; and Pacific, Johtlw—,..'
from New York. The Elizabeth, Ann Jeffreys, hence to
pies, is on shore in Anglo Bay, Milford. The Fair Heft,
Wickman, from hence to Bahia, on shore in the Deice
Luce, went to pieces on the 31st ult. ; cargo discharged, e%
the coals.

MARGATE, FEB. 4.—Arrived of port the Symmetry, 1".
from Bordeaux.
FOWEY, FEB, 3.—Arrived the Britannia, Franklin,
fr
the Baltic.

GENOA, JAN. 27.—The Adelaide, Cheipella, sailed Yt
from Smyrna, for Liverpool. The Board of Health h 5
off three days' quarantine on arrivals from London, th",
lizing the quarantine to seven days from Liverpool a.""
British ports. The Arco Cocaci has been assisted in
t°

dismasted. h'
The Alliance, of Wisbeach, and the Heckington, of
was wrecked near Whinfleet on the 29th ult.--crew saved'

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.
t kindo
ds
This morning there is a good exhibition of mos-
Grain, and a small attendance of buyers. The Wheat tr:
mains dull at Monday's terms. Barley is very difficult ..,
except at lower prices. In Beans, Pease, and Oats, novas N
The Flour trade this week is dull at former prices. Er°,l-.0
passed in Parliament yesterday, no alteration is expecte.
Corn Laws this Session.

Wheat.
English 5,950 qrs.
Irish 460
Foreign

ARRIVALS. flolb
Barley. Oats.
7,830 qrs. 4,670 qm 5,510 n
.
--1 '2,150
...0°

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS
AT THE COURT, BASINGHALL-STREET'

(From the London Gazette.)
TO-MORROW, l'Ex. 6.
DIV IDEN I)S.
W. Wright, grocer, New Windsor, Berkshire ...............
G. Macfarren, bookseller, London-street, St. Pancras .•••• .
W. Bowditch, grocer, Exeter ...........................................
Hemings, bacon-drier, Great George-street, Berrnnutt'-",
1. Lucas, timber-merchant, City-road .............................
J. Davis, music-seller, Bristol ...........................................
J. Mannerings, builder, Chatham ...................
......"
G. Moore, coffee-house-keeper, Carey-street, Lincoln's 10
J. H.lton, grocer, Cumberland-place, New-road ...............
E. Ashton, cheesemonger, High-street, Whitechapel ..........

PRINTED AND PUBLIFHED BY M U RDO YOUNG,-
er 1-
0

.?In. Orrin, 112, Itrii&rnk,

plan.
hPuriferpme meBoiern
1 e
shed th
ry land iA
from the s
)f Dubll
ity. •
I!tcewogistfalinn
red o li
had been

in, i`—
re3teraof
us oltlyr
urd otbce
into bet
V.ll°l'
vett .
kinds `;C
.
tradejil,
to '..-01;
variatlot
ronl
i" t
f 1004,1
~510"
II
........
13
....... I
......
fldtiel it
........ I'l
......
.. .
_ 0
