SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET JULY MEETING.
MONDAY EVENING.
Sweepstakes for 3 years old colts, Bit. 61b. and fillies Sst.

31b. New T. Y. C. .. ____
Mr. Theakson's Jour de Noces
Mr. Udny's Sontag 2
Mr. Stouchewer's Kildare
Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 sore. each, for 3 yr.-olds and
upwards. New T.Y.C.

Air. Houldsworth;t4 Flush
Mr. Stonehewer's Kildare 2
Mr. Rogers's Scribe
The July Stakes of 50 sovs. each, for 2 yr old colts Bst.
61b. and fillies Bst. 41b. New T.Y.C.

Lord Exeter's c. by Sultan—Athenian's dam
Mr. Greville's b. f. Fancy, by Moses—Favourite
The first was a dead heat between these two. Lord
Exeter won the secand heat easy. Twelve started.

The English Theatre at Paris closes for the
season on the 21st of July, previous to which MACREADY
will make his appearance in William Tell. He played
Virginias for the last time on Thuriday. •

It is now stongly rumoured that Sir JOHN
LEACH is about to retire from the Rolls,"and that he is to
be appointed Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords.
The Rev. Mr. DILLON, who is a candidate
for the Alternate Preachership at the Asylum, is the
author of " Lord \Venal)les' Woyage to Heelpye Hyland
and Hoxford ;" but, notwithstanding that, he is rather of '
a Saintly turn in his professional character.—John Bull.
THE TWELFTH OF JULY.—The Orangemen
in every part of Ireland will assemble, will walk in rroces-
sion, will dine—aye, and will drink the GLORIOUS AND
IMMORTAL MEMORY OF"TIIR GREAT AND GOOD KING
WILLIAM, on the approaching Twelfth of July—and the
Orangemen of Ireland are perfrctly right. All faith has
been broken with them. Their enemies have been tole-
rated, encouraged, courted ; while they have been insulted,
coerced, put down. It is quite fitting that they should
chew themselves in their power, in their strength, and in
their numbers. The Twelfth of July will afford an oppor-
tunity- of ascertaining whether the loyal Protestant of Ulster
is to be prosecuted for exhibiting his Orange badge, while
the seditious demagogue of Munster displays his Green
decoration with impunity. If the measure of even- handed
justice hitherto meted to the Irish Protestants should be
resolved upon :—but we shall borrow of Mr. Simi, an
aposiopcsis.—lf *5 5"4 4 4—Dublin Evening Mail.
ELOQUENCE.—The Massachusetts House of'
Representatives has discussed the question of suppressing
Theatrical Exhibitions. One member made the hillowing
speech, which is rather curious, although it certainly does -
contain some goon! sense, The idea of the Devil's getting
into a'parliamentary body is singularly felicitous—he would
mischievous
ste that)
lohlY member Air. Speaker
1 did not solicit the station e a mint
Ili
whichaSkhere, nor
state
nor did I expect it—nor a m 1 qualified
fur it ; and I think, Alr. Speaker, you and this hog arable
House will think so before I get half through—but, I am a
consistent man, and wish to be considered as such. I find that
was wrong in my vote yesterday—l am convinced so from
thegreat and respectable majority that was against me. Mr.
Speaker, Sir, I believe I was instigated by the devil in
my vote yesterday—Sir, we were told here, yesterday, by
the gentleman from Boston, a /wry and pitiful story of one
young man being ruined ir consequence of Theatres—
What, Sir, is this the only solitary instance that eau be
(mind ? I presume so, or we should have heard from it.
What, Sir tell are of the deleteriOus or immoral effects of
Theatres ! Sir, I think the morals of this place are very
good—the citizens ate very polite! I hear no cursing or
swearing, Sir ! I have seen more immorality in the little
,nwu I have the honour to represent—more drunkards—
more lying at taverns—more cursing and swearing, than
or this metropolis ! Sir, I believe 1 was instigated by the
devil, in lily vote yesterday—l am convinced I was terrni
! I sin a consistent luau."

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, JULY 7.

The Alehouse Licensing Bill was read a third
me:

Lord MELVILLE presented a petition from the
College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, praying for the
removal of the difficulties in the way- of dissection.
Lord GWYDYR presented petitions from Horn-
castle, Market Raisen, and Boston, against the im-
portation of Foreign Wool.
Mr. Dent presented a return from the Northern
Circuit of Wales, of the number of causes left
remands in the Court of Great Sessions, from 1823
to 1827.

_
The House went. into a Committee upon the
Cities and Boroughs Parliamentary Poll Bill, and
received the Report.
Sir A. GRANT, and others, brought up the
Longitudinal Discovery, the Regent's Park Improve-
ment Bill, the New South Wales and Van Diemaa's
Land Justice Bill, and several private Bills.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY presented a
petition from the Merchants and Traders of Dublin,
agajnst the Bill now in progress to compel the
bankers of Ireland to pay their notes at the places
where they were issued,
Lord WHARNCLIFFE gave notice that he
should bring in a standing order on Friday, to be
printed, and remain over till the next Session, for
their Lordships' consideration, upon the question,
whether a person subscribing to a given work was
bound by the acts of a majority of a company with
respect to subsequent works.
The Marquis of ORMOND wished to know from
the Noble Duke at the head of his Majesty's Go-
vernment, whether it was his intention to bring in
any measure to regulate the butter trade in Ireland ?

"The Duke of WELLINGTON said there was a
measure now in progress in the other House for
settling this question. It was a subject of great
difficulty in consequence of the various interests it
involved. There were interests under charters,
Weigh Masters, Tasters, alai so on, the rights of all
of whom were to be ascertained before any measure
could be passed.
The Earl of LIMERICK thought this a subject
of vital importance to Ireland.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE bad had his at-
tention called to the subject last session, and consi-
dered that free trade might be at once allowed, re-
serving the opportunity of ascertaining, in the course
of next session, the amount of compensation that
ought to be awarded to those persons whose private
interests might suffer from such a measure.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, no one
could be snore desirous than himself for a reform of
the law on this subject, and that all should be done
by his Majesty's Government, with as little delay as
possible, to accomplish an end so desirable.
The Duke of WELLINGTON moved the third
reading of the Irish and Scotch Promissory Note Bill.
The Earl of CARNARVON opposed the Bill,
but declared that he would not divide the House
upon it.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH, and the Earl of
ROSSLYN, defended the Bill.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, he intended,
after the Bill should be read a third time, to propose
an additional clause by way of rider, which would
allow parties either in Scotland or Ireland to draw
drafts on their bankers in this country forsums under 5/.
Lord CALTHORPE could not help expressing
his strong feeling at the extremely unsatisfactory
state in which the general question of the circulating
medium was left. The present Bill was the off-
spring of the measure of 1826—a measure which
had been introduced into Parliament at a period of
almost unprecedented alarm, and was passed with
less appearance of deliberative wisdom than almost
any measure on such a subject which he recollected
during the time he had sat in Parliament. And
in what state did the proposition find the English
bankers ? In so defenceless a state, taken as they
were so suddenly by surprise, that they were
wholly unprepared to offer any effectual resistance,
whilst the Scotch hankers, on the other hand, hav-
ing had more timely intimation of the proposed
attack, had recourse to every possible means
of self-defence, they procured the co-operation
of all their friends in opposing the most determined
resistance to their assailants, the then Administra-
tion, and ultimately succeeded in compelling them
to retreat in confusion and disgrace. He professed
his ignorance on this most important subject, but the
humiliation of that confession was diminished by the
fact that he shared that ignorance in common with
many Members of both this and the other House of
Parliament. He hoped the Noble Duke would, on
some future occasion, grant some further inquiry
before the measure was carried into full operation,
by doing_ which, he (Lord Calthorpe) believed he
would be effecting a great service to the state.
The Duke of WELLINGTON begged to re-
mind Noble Lords, that the measure before the
House referred to the circulation of Scotch notes
alone. If 1/. notes were to be allowed to circulate
in England at all they ought to be English Bank
notes. That would be but fair towards the Eng-
lish bankers. But the measure of 1826, which was
so much ohjeeted to, did not introduce any new
principle. The same principle had been introduced
in 1777, by Act of Parliament; it was again acted
upon by the committees of the two Houses of Par-
liament in 1819: and it was again introduced into
the House of Commons by a Noble Friend of his
who was then Chancellor of the ExChequer, in 1823,
so that this principle had been introduced again and
again, before it was brought into operation in the
Bill of 1826. The Noble Lord's objection,
therefore, went to a principle which had been in-
troduced into Parliament again and again. Again, it
was said that we might have a paper currency con-
vertible into cash; but he repeated, that experience
had proved that such a system could not exist. So
long as It. notes had been in circulation, sovereigns
did not circulate at the same time, except in London
and Lancashire. Indeed it was quite obvious, that
had the existing system been permitted to continue,
we should again be brought, unless a Bank Restric-
tion Act were resorted to, to a repetition of the
distress and panic of 1825, and therefore he felt the
enzessq-iuty, of a
entiy,dohfearin(iogotiongthethmisemaseuarse of
ure alst2h6; and
e com-
pletion of it.
Lord CALTHORPE explained..
Lord REDESDALE thought the Noble Earl
near him (Lord Carnarvon) laboured under an error
with respect to the value of paper currency. Paper
currency was good for nothing except it was founded
on merchandise.. It was only valuable when based
on substantial commodities; and.. the ,present mea-
sure was only intended to check the issuing of paper
founded on nothing but credit, as was the case With
the U. notes. For that reason, he would Support
the present measure; because it would keep the/japer'
on a
,solid basis.
Lord CLIFDEN bad no doubt that 'paper ought
to be kePt upon a solid basis'.• •
Lord ELLENBOROUGH alluded to the state
of the, manufactures in this coinitry at present, which.
had been greatly improved since this measure had
been adopted. The woollen manufacture, he was
enabled to state on the- best authority, never was'
more prosperous than at present; its prosperity hav-
ing been increasing ever since the panic of 182.5 and
the contraction of the currency Which had followed it.
The Earl of CARNARVON observed that ' a
middle course was the wisest to .adopt. What he
wished. to be done was to get rid of the speculative
and retain the solid circulation. He'did mot believe
diet a circulation founded on solid assets ever led to
excessive speculation.
The. Bill was then read a third time and passed.
The •Duke of. WELLINGTON postponed the
:onsideration of the Irish Bank Notes Bill until to.;
morrow, to afford him an opportunity of- proposing
some amendments.-4djourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 7.
Mr. Johnson brought up a return of the number
of prisoners confined in the Four Courts, Manilal6,ea,
Sir HENRY PARNELL brought up the Re-

port on the Holyhead Road Act. The Committee
reported that they were of opinion that the sum of
36,0004 should be sidVancee,- to enable the Commis-
sic;tieri
toimprove the road between Holyhead and
London.--The Resolution was read a second time,
to-morrow.
moved for returns of the
andMr.o rdAe rl edde
rt emo a cior
orn
oin
Di t,
quantity of spirits and malt warehoused.
Mr. J. GRATTAN presenteda petition from the
barony of Forth, against the Constabulary Act.
IRISH BUTTER ACT. ; .
Mr. H. 'HUTCHINSON presented a • petition
from the county of Tipperary, praying-that no altera-
tion should be made in the law for the regulation of
the Butter Trade, without further inquiry. The
Lion. Member said there were several individuals
who had claims for. compensation, and.he trusted the
Right Hon. Gentleman would defer it until next
Session.
Mr. H. GRATTAN hoped the Hon. Gentleman
would not postpone the Bill until next year ; if he
did, it would be utterly destructive to the butter
trade. •
Mr. COURTENAY said that the representa-
tions which had been made, induced his Majesty's
Government to postpone the Bill for a few days.
He hoped that his Right Hon. Friend the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer would shortly be able to
state whether he could proceed with the Bill this
Session.

Mr. S. RICE was sorry there was any • delay;
private interest ought not to stand in competition
with the interest of the public.
Sir H. PARNELL said, the matter had been be-
fore the House_ three years, and if they went on this
way there would never be an end to it.
Mr. V. STUART said the butter trade would be
ruined if something was not done quickly.
The petition was then ordered to lie oil the table,
and to be printed.
Mr. W. PEEL presented returns of the number
of prosecutions by the Mint for coining.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BOYLE presented.a petition from Clonakilty
for the abolition of slavery,
Mr. HUSKISSON presented a petition from the
shipowners of Liverpool against any alteration in the
duty on staves imported from America.
Mr., COURTENAY said it was intended to
leave the duty as it stands for the present year.
-Mr. C. BARCLAY moved for an account of the
quantity of beer brewed during the last year.
Mr. BUCK presented a petition from Exeter for
the 'abolition of slavery.

Sir C. HASTINGS presented a. similar petition
rom Leicester. _

Mr. OTWAY CAVE supported the prayer of
the petition, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANLEY brought up the" Report on the
Poor Laws. .

Lord EDWARD SOMERSET presented a
petition from Stow on the Wolde, against the sup-
pression of the Small Note circulation.
Sir G. CLERK presented a petition from the
Solicitors of Edinburgh, against the Attorney Tar.
On the motion of Mr. W. W. WYNN, the Cri•
urinal Justice India Bill went through a Committee,
and several amendments were made.

Mr. WYNN proposed some verbal amendments
which were agreed to. The House resumed, the
report was brought up and read, the amendments
were agreed to, and the sill was ordered to be read
a third time te-morrow.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' (INDIA) BILL.
The order of the day, for the further considera-
tion of the report en this Bill, having been read, the
Bill was ordered to be recommitted. The••Hoitse
resolved itself into a Committee on the Bill, and the
Bill as amended went through the Committee.'
The Report was brought up, and ordered to be
received to-morrow. •

On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER, the Warden of the Cinque Ports
Bill was read a second time, and ordered to. be
committed.
