THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1839.

been subjected, and urging upon the meeting to I
support the subscription in his favour as the only
means of benefiting his family, and testifying
their sympathy for him under his sufferings, Mr.
Nicol remarked that Mr. Thorogood's conduct was
highly worthy of imitation. Had all the Dissenters of
Edinburgh acted in the same manner with regard to the
Annuity Tax, where would it have been at this day ?
(Cheers.) Where would gaols have been found to ac-
commodate them all ? Perhaps some of the empty
Churches of the city might have been useful in this re-
spect.—(Cheers and laughter.) Trinity College Church,
for instance, to which it was said only three of the
parishioners resorted.—(Laughter.) These with their
minister might have been much more comfortably accom-
modated in the Session-house, and that ancient building
would have held a goodly number of the voluntary re-
cusants. Mr. Nicol concluded by moving the third re-
solution.

Mr. THOMAS RUSSELL proposed the fourth resolu-
tion, and prefaced his speech by reading several ex-
tracts from a letter written by Mr. Childs, of Bungay,
giving the following among a number of other interest-
ing particulars respecting Mr. Thorogood's personal
character :—" His minister says, his character
has been, so far as he has had any opportunity
of observing him, perfectly consistent and praise-
worthy.' Prisoners who have been released thus
write after their liberation, debtors who attended
prayer meetings in his room, which he set up from
the time he entered. An old man says—' I write to
let you know I have not neglected the practice you
wished me to follow ; my partner in life joins, and I
hope I shall remember you as long as I live, and that in
your prayers you will think of me, for I never forget
you night and morning.' Another, a young man, says,
I feel greatly indebted to Mr. Thorogood, for the
great kindness he showed me when I was in prison, both
spiritual and temporal ; and I trust that God, who was
my God in the prison, will give him strength according
to his day ;' and so on—more in the same strain. These
men, when they entered the place, had never heard of
prayer, or prayer meetings."—(Cheers.) He also read
a communication received by a Gentleman in this city,
from Mr. Thorogood himself, containing some facts
connected with his case. Mr. Russell then called at-
tention to the curious circumstance, that while John
Thorogood was immured in a gaol for his conscientious
refusal to pay Church-rates, Dr. Chalmers and the
other rebels against the law of the land were allowed to
go at large unmolested. He concluded by expressing
a hope that the present meeting would tell powerfully in
favour of full, free, and unrestricted religious liberty.
Colonel RITCHIE seconded the resolution.

The Rev. Mr. Massie, in moving the fifth resolution,
thus addressed the meeting :—After the very pleasing
testimony which bad been read to them of the character
of John Thorogood, who, amongst this large meeting of
the citizens of Edinburgh, will say that his character
remains under a shade, or that there is a question re-
specting his benevolence, his patriotism, or his piety ?
He, as a good citizen, was content to labour at his
humble occupation to support himself and his family,
and even after he was immured within the jail of Chelms-
ford, he was happy to continue his work for the main-
tenance of his dependent wife, until he was informed
that, by the rules and regulations of the prison, he must
give the proceeds of his labour to the funds of the dun-
geon in which he was iuca:cerated.—(Sensation.) Just
let them look upon this poor man, honestly and indefa-
tigably employed in his confinement, and then let them
turn aside to his gloomy cell and there behold him taking
by the hand the old man who never prayed, and the young
man who never was taught to pray, and kneeling with
them at the throne of grace. They will long remember
the name of John Thorogood as the instrument who
taught them to make their supplications to that God
who heareth the groanings of the prisoner. They had,
however, a termination to their imprisonment ; they
were freed from their gloomy abode ; and John Thoro-
good heard the locking of the gates which gave them
liberty, but retained him in captivity. Like one doomed
to perpetual slavery, he is brought back to the clanking of
his chains, and the dreary loneliness of his damp dungeon.
Look to him lying there for months ; and for what
Because he had a conscience.—(Cheers.) We, said
Mr. Massie, with emphasis, congratulate ourselves and
the country that we have abolished imprisonment for
debt.—( Hear, hear.) Now, no civil court of justice
could have imprisoned John Thorogood. The highest
Court of Equity in Britain could not incarcerate him for
twenty times 3s. 6d.—(Hear, hear)—but because he
was the debtor of the Church—(Great cheering)—he
was deprived of his liberty because he would not add a
patch to the polluted garment of that system which
was the offspring of the Man of Sin, and there he was
doomed to remain helpless and hopeless till death cam(
as his deliverer.—(Great cheering.) True, the church
warden of Chelmsford, a solicitor, had asked him
what conscience had to do with it. In the debate
brought on by Mr. Thomas Duncombe, Dr. Lush-
ington complained that, as a Judge, he had been
compelled to imprison John Thorogood for ss. 6d. ;
but a sage and Noble Lord replied, in the House
of Commons, that the sum was a trifle, and
ought tohave been paid ; and in answer that the sufferer
pleaded conscience,—" Conscience 1" said his Lordship,
" conscience has nothing to do with it—the majesty of
the law must be maintained."—(Laughter.) Yes, the
majesty of the law.--(Hear. hear.) He loved the
majesty of the law. It was the bulwark of society under
whose canopy our security is enjoyed ; and it is presumed
every man lives under his own vine and under his own
fig-tree, none daring to make him afraid.—(Hear.) It
was under this majesty of the law, as a shield, that a
man's house was rendered his castle.--(Hear, hear.)
Under this broad banner were they enabled to meet
together within this edifice, set apart to sacred services,
with safety, and their persons and property protected.
The majesty of the laws should neither be degraded by
cruelty, nor usurped by oppression or injustice. Has
God's law no majesty? Have they no regard to the
majesty of the other ? The man who talks of the
human law, and neglects the other—who upholds
the one and tramples on the other, is either a
hypocrite or a robber.—(Great cheering.) The
eloquent and comprehensive representations of Mr.
Aytoun have set forth the secular objects for which
Church-rates are levied. But they have also a reli-
gious aspect ; they are applied to purchase the wine and
bread which are employed as memorials of the blood and
body of a crucified Redeemer. The rich and powerful
members of the Anglican Church, will not, from their
own purses, contribute what will purchase these memo-
rials ; but they commission their churchwardens,—
their officers of exaction,—they employ the dens and
dungeons of their Ecclesiastical Courts—to extort the
shillings and pence of John Thorogood and other Dis-
senters. We all know the solemnity which should be at-
tached to the ordinance of the Lord's Supper. Among
us, with our sober and unostentatious Presbyterian or
Independent distinctions, can anything be more sacred
than this ordinance, and would anything tend more to
weaken our feelings of devotion than to know that
this was an offering of robbery—(Cheering)—that
it was polluted by injustice, and that we were
partaking of wine which we believed had been
stolen from the shop on the other side of the street ?
John Thorogood objects to this payment—he cannot
give it, because he considers the system for which it
is enacted pollution. Now, is there not religion here?
Mr. Massie then referred to the doctrine held by the
Church of England, that, in the sacrament, the real
presence of the body and blood of Christ was assumed
to be consubstantiated with the elements, and related,
as an instance of the truth of it, what occurred with
Dr. Hooke, of Leeds, shortly after his induction to that
living :—A large quantity of the wine used on the
sacramental occasion, about twelve bottles, was not
needed. The Vicar, having drawn the corks, poured
the wine on the floor of the church, as he could not per-
mit that the wine which he had consecrated should be
used beyond the precincts of the holy edifice. The
Churchwarden said that it was wasting the wine, and
why not give it to the poor ? Dr. Hooke's answer
was, that he could not suffer the blood of our Lord
to be taken off the consecrated premises ; and in utter-
ing this sentiment he was only speaking that of the Church
of England.—(Some gentlemen called out " No, no.)
I know better, said Mr. M. The Book of Common
prayer, to which every clergyman must give his sub-
scription, contains the express language. And if such
views be entertained respecting what they call the
sacrament of the supper, can we wonder that a man
of Thorogoad's principles should demur to payment,
and far more, that he should refuse, when force was
applied to exact the money? The resolution he had
moved proposed that exaction in support of an eccle-
siastical Establishment materially impedes the ad-
vance of Christianity, and causes enmity, destroying
the kindly feelings and brotherly love which are'
its best bulwarks. He need hardly illustrate a point
which was so clear to them all. Only think, as an in-
stance of this, of a minister of the gospel hasting to the
Ecclesiastical Courts for the purpose of persecuting and
punishing his brother. Was that a work in which he
should be employed ? Such a representation of Chris-
tianity was calculated to render it odious,—to make
men who knew it only by exactions and imprisonments
hate its pretensions, and refuse its counsels. They
would reckon it a bane and not a blessing to society,—
a system of unmitigated priestcraft and cruelty ; so far
from proclaiming peace and good-will, exciting angry,
hostile, and malevolent passions.
The
RENTON' seconded the resolution.
. Operative who addressed the meeting formerly
again rose and proposed his resolution, which gave rise
to some disorder. The motion was seconded by Mr.
Douglas, pianoforte-maker.

Mr. M'LAREN moved as an amendment, that the
additional resolution now proposed, being in favour of
Universal Suffrage, does not come within the limit of
the advertisement calling the meeting, which is strictly
confined to the consideration of the case of John Tho-
rogood, and the evil effects of Church-rates and other
ecclesiastical impositions, and therefore cannot be put to
the vote.

Mr.
hne A
as To i
in seconding the amendment, stated
that
your of the principle contained in the
resolution, but he thought it right to offer every opposi-
wYrf, a
opposi-
tion in his power to that system of tyranny and oppres-
sion which would attempt tointroduce a motion for

Universal Suffrage on every occasion, whatever was the
bject for which the meeting was asion, whatever was the
The motion and amendment were then put to the
vote, when the latter was carried by an overwhelming
majority. There were not twenty hands held up for the
Chartist resolution.

After a vote of thanks to the managers of the chapel,
and another to the Chairman for his conduct in the
chair, the meeting separated.

The following are the resolutions which were
adopted :

L That this meeting having been convened to take
into consideration the effect of the Ecclesiastical Impost
called Church-rates, as brought prominently forward be-
fore all classes of the empire, in the protracted impri-
sonment of Mr. John Thorogood, of Chelmsford, view
with indignation the fact that that individual has been
incarcerated in a common gaol for nearly a whole year,
at the instance of the wealthy Episcopalian Hierarchy,
merely on account of his conscientious refusal to pay
an unjust and anti-scriptural impost designated Church-
rates.

11. That this meeting express their admiration of
the manly and consistent stand which Mr. Thorogood
has made against the levy of this unrighteous exaction,
and their ardent sympathy with him under his prolonged
sufferings ; and, while they deem it inexpedient at pre-
sent to address the Queen on his behalf, after the de-
claration made by the Home Secretary " that the Exe-
cutive cannot interfere in his case," yet they pledge
themselves to employ every lawful means to procure his
speedy and unconditional release.
111. That having learned that Mr. Thorogood is
suffering severely in his temporal affairs, as well as in
his health, from his protracted confinement, this meeting
highly approve of the subscription which has been set
n , and earnestly solicit for it the
general
of the friends of religious liberty in
o root forsu p
p hisor t b
oe
this city.
IV. That the especial thanks of this meeting are due
to T. S. Duncombe, Esq., M.P., for the zeal and abi-
lity with which he advocated the cause of the captive in
the House of Commons, on the 30th of July last, and
to the other Members of Parliament composing the ma-
jority on that occasion, who supported him in carrying a
resolution pledging the Legislature, " at the earliest
possible period of the next Session of Parliament, to
make such alterations in the existing laws for levying
Church-rates, as shall prevent the recurrence of a like
violence being ever again inflicted upon the religious
scruples of that portion of her Majesty's subjects who
conscientiously dissent from the rites and doctrines of
the Established Church."

V. That this meeting consider that all support of any
Ecclesiastical Establishment from those who may con-
scientiously oppose it, is calculated materially to impede
the advancement of Christianity itself, by destroying the
kindly feelings and brotherly love which are among its
best bulwarks ; and therefore, pledge themselves to do
their utmost to have such abolished, whether they ap-
pear in the form of a Presbyterian Annuity Tax, or an
Episcopalian Church-rate.

LAW INTELLIGeNCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, DEC. 18.
MAUND V. ALLIES.
The arguments in this part-heard case were resumed
to-day, but had not concluded when his Lordship rose,
shortly after four o'clock.
Mr. R. BRUCE will reply to-morrow (this day).

ROLLS' COURT, DEC. 16.
KNIGHT V. KNIGHT.
The arguments of Counsel in this case, which was
opened yesterday, were resumed, and occupied the at-
tention of the Court the whole of the day.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, DEC. 18.
(Sittings at Nisi Prius before Mr. Baron GURNEY, and
a London Special Jury.)
YATES V. THE CITY OF DUBLIN STEAM PACKET
COMPANY.

This was an action brought to recover the sum of
6561., the value of a cargo of iron, which was run down
by the Duchess of Kent steamer, the property of the
defendant.

The plaintiff's case was that he had shipped on board
the Byron 150 tons of iron, at Newport for Liverpool.
On the 13th of April the vessel was in the Rock
Channel, within a few miles of Liverpool ; the tide was
failing them, and she anchored, showing a light to all
other vessels. About six o'clock at night she was
struck amidships by the steamer and sunk—the crew
got on board the Duchess of Kent, with the exception
of the cabin boy, who was drowned.
For the defence it was shown that the steamer left
Liverpool at 20 minutes after 11 on the night in question,
which was not foggy but extremely dark ; in the Rock
Channel they saw the light of a ship, the Lady Rowley,
and gave her a berth by porting the helm ; before pass-
ing the ship they run on board the Byron, and she sunk
in three minutes ; they had three men looking out, but
the Byron had no lights, and the night was so dark that
it was impossible to see she ship at any distance. Se-
veral Captains and the Harbour Master of Liverpool
said the Byron was anchored in a very improper place,
right in the middle of the Channel, while she bad plenty
of good anchoring ground in the neighbourhood, where
she would have been quite safe. The steamer was going
at ten miles an hour.

The jury found a verdict for the defendant.
Sir F. Pollock, Mr. Whateley, and Mr. Greenwood,
were Counsel for the plaintiff. Mr. Creswell, Mr. Jar-
vis, and Mr. Watson, appeared for the defendant.
The case occupied the Court till six o'clock.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, DEC. 14.
(Sittings before the Lord Chief Justice TYNDAL and a
Special Jury, at Guildhall.)
PYBUS V. SCUDAMORE.

ELECTION AT MAIDSTONE.-ALLEGED FERJURT BEFORE
THE COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.
This was an action for slanderous words spoken by
the defendant of the plaintiff, the late Mayor of Maid-
stone, and imputing to him wilful and corrupt perjury.
The pleas were first, not guilty, and secondly, a justi-
fication.

Mr. Sergeant Talfourd, with Mr. Richards and Mr.
Tomlinson, were for the plaintiff ; Mr. Thesiger, Mr.
Platt, and Mr. Churwell, for the defendant.
The Learned Sergeant stated the case for the plain-
tiff, and said, the Jury would have in fast to tryan indict-
ment of perjury against his client : and he should wait
to hear what proof his Learned Friends for the defen-
dants could adduce in support of their accusatory plea.
The alleged perjury was charged in respect of the plain-
tiff's having stated before the Maidstone Election Peti-
tion Committee that he saw a Mr. Randall go to the
Corn Exchange, and that he could see him pass to the
stair-foot. Now, from the whole of the evidence the
Jury would have to judge whether this was false—or, if
false, if it were wilfully so—or whether it was not a
mistake, and that the plaintiff merely meant to state
that he saw Mr. Randall go in the direction referred to,
and that his belief was that he went to a room in the
Corn Exchange—the rendezvous of the Conservative
party. Lamentable was it, said the Learned Sergeant,
that men moving, as both these parties did, in
a highly respectable station of life, should have
been brought by the excitement of party feeling
into a state of such bitter and painful opposition ; and
he felt assured that the impartiality and the calmness
of decision which, owing to the same party excitement,
was not to be expected at Maidstone, would be evinced
by the Jury who had now to investigate the case.
Mr. Stephens, a solicitor of Maidstone, proved that
the defendant had once or twice stated in his hearing
that the plaintiff had perjured himself on the occasion,
and in the manner before stated.
Mr. Allen corroborated this proof.
Mr. THESIGER addressed the jury for the defendant,
and expressed his surprise that his Learned Friend
should have rested Mr. Pybus's prima facie case (as it
was termed), for the vindication of his character, on the
meagre testimony which he had produced. He pledged
)limself distinctly to prove that Mr. Pybus had sworn
that which was false—which was materially false—and
which was wilfully false. The inquiry was painful, but
it had been forced on by the plaintiff himself.
The uttering of the words charged as perjury was
proved by the short-hand writer, Mr. Cheerer, who took
the evidence before the Committee for the House of
Commons.

Mr. Randall was then called, and he swore distinctly
that on the day of the election he had polled at eight
o'clock—gone to the house of Messrs. Barlow and Gill,
and there remained till past ten, or near eleven ; and
that he had not been to the Corn Exchange room at all
that day.

On cross-examination it was elicited that the way to
both Messrs. Barlow and Gill's, and to the Corn Ex-
change room, was through the same archway, a long
narrow passage, and that nearly up to both buildings the
Mayor could have seen where he sat ; but not either the
door of Messrs. Barlow, nor the foot of the Exchange
stairs. And further, that the witness had left the house
for a few minutes past 10, to speak to a voter, and had
gone with him a little way down the archway, and then
returned.

By the CHIEF JUSTICE—The Mayor might have
seen me then.

Many other witnesses corroborated this evidence.
Mr. Sergeant TALFOURD addressed the Jury at some
length, and with considerable ability for the reply,
arguing that it was manifest that there bad been
no intentional falsifying of the truth on the part
of the plaintiff, for that he might have easily
have been mistaken that, in fact, he had on
cross-examination followed up the statement referred
to by the explanation that he saw Mr. Randall
going in the direction stated, and that so he concluded
he had gone to the Exchange•room, and that he could
have had no motive for a wilful falsehood, because the
assertion he had made was quite indifferent to the merits
of the case,

The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE having summed up,
The Jury found for the plaintiff—Damages One
Farthing.

CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.

OLD COURT.
(Before Mr. Justice PATTESON and Mr. Baron
ROLFE.)
(Continued from our Paper of yesterday.)
THE ROBBERY IN QUEBEC•STREET.—James Card-
well was indicted for stealing in adwelling-house monies
to the amount of upwards of 1,2001., the property of
Henry Edward Porter, his master, on the 9th of Octo-
ber last.

After four or five more witnesses had been examined,
Mr. Justice PATTESON asked the Counsel for the
prosecution if they were in a condition to shew that
the box which was brought to Chubbs was the box
of the prosecutor.

Mr. CLARKSON said he certainly was not, but he
thought if he could satisfy the jury of the presence
of a man at Chubb's with a cash box, he might leave
it to them to say if the prisoner was the man, and if the
box was the property of the prosecutor.
Mr. Justice PATTESON should not leave that as a
question for the jury.
Mr. CLARKSON would then at once retire from the
prosecution.

- Mr. Sergeant Bostpas begged to say it was not his
intention to cast any imputation on the character of
the witnesses.

The Jury then, under the direction of the Learned
Judge, acquitted the prisoner.
On the application of Mr. Clarkson, the Court al-
lowed the expenses of the prosecution.
There were five-and-twenty witnesses to have been
examined for the defence in the above case, and it is
a curious circumstance that the house of one of them,
residing in Swan-street, Whitechapel, was, during her
absence from home to attend the Court this morning,
robbed of a cash-box containing 5001. ;at least such
was the report in Court after the proceedings had
closed.

THE TEETH.--.The preservation of the Teeth,
which serve to ornament or deface one of the most ex-
pressive features of the human countenance—the
mouth, cannot be otherwise than of vast importance to
the Fair Sex ! For this purpose, as well as for purify-
ing and embellishing the Teeth and Gums, and freeing
them from any foreign substance pernicious to their
health and beauty, ROWLAND'S ODONTO has been pre-
sented to the public, and found truly efficacious. It is
patronized by Royalty and the Nobility, is universally
appreciated as possessing renovating qualities—un-
equalled by any Dentrffice of the age, and is accord-
ingly recommended by the most eminent of the Faculty.
PARISH SQUABBLES.—There is, it is believed,
no other parish in the world in which such constant and
miserable disputes exist as in Chelsea. The officers
are always at war. And, as is usual, the belligerents
not only render themselves ridiculous but make the more
rational portion of the parishioners pay for the exhi-
bition. Every shop window in Chelsea is plastered with
papers issued by the contending parties, who make
themselves look big at the cost of the great body of the
parishioners, who, we should think, must regard the say-
ings and doings of the Messrs. Bumble with sheer con-
tempt and disgust.

BANKRUPTS AND INSOLVENTS.

QUESTIONS SUBMITTED TO THE CONSIDERATION OF
WITNESSES WHO ARE TO BE EXAMINED BEFORE
THE COMMISSIONERS OF INQUIRY INTO THE PRE-
SENT STATE OF THE LAWS REGARDING BANK-

RUPTS AND INSOLVENT DEBTORS.
1. Whether in your opinion it would be advantageous
for the public that the estates of insolvents and bank-
rupts should be administered under the same system of
law ?

2. Whether, supposing you to be of opinion that they
ought to be administered under the same system of law,
the same system of law now pursued in the Court of
Bankruptcy in London, or the system now pursued in
the Insolvent Debtors' Court, should be preferred ?
3. Supposing you to be of opinion that the system of
the Court of Bankruptcy is to be preferred, whether, in
your opinion, that system could be applied to the cases
now administered in the Court of Insolvent Debtors, un-
less a debtor, when he feels himself insolvent, may cede
his property and submit himself to the Court ; and
whether, in order to enable the system to work, it would
not be expedient to abolish imprisonment for debt in all
cases ?

4. Whether, in your opinion, the Courts of Commis-
sioners ought not to be Courts of Record ; and whether
they should not have, in the first instance, all the powers
now exercised in bankruptcy, subject to appeal ?
5. Whether, in case of appeal, the party ought not
to give good security to perform the judgment of the
Court, and to pay costs of appeal in case judgment on
appeal should be given against him ?
6. Whether, in your opinion, it would be advisable
that the name of the Court should be altered, and that
it should be called " The Court of Commerce ?"

7. Whether all the proceedings ought to commence
in the Court of the Commissioners without a previous
fiat ?

8. Whether, in case of a party being compelled to
come into the Court, he ought to have an opportunity to
defend himself before a messenger enters into possession
of his property ?
9. Whether any alteration ought to be made, as to
giving certificates as to number and amount of creditors ;
and, if imprisonment continue, whether a debtor should
not be protected for the twenty-one days which take
place before the affirming certificate ?
10. As to the emolument of official assignees, whe-
ther they ought to be paid out of a joint fund, or out of
each estate ?

11. Whether it is more advantageous for the credi-
tors that an insolvent debtor's property should be ad-
ministered under the Courts of Commissioners or under
trust deeds ?

12. Whether a power ought to be given to Commis-
sioners to punish fraudulent debtors in the same way as
they are now punished by the Insolvent Debtors' Court ?
13. Whether the Commissioners ought to have
power to decide disputes between assignees and all per-
sons as to matters concerning bankrupts' estates when
the parties consent ?
14. Whether, when there is no evidence but that of
a creditor of the bankrupt, a debt ought to be admit-
ted to be proved?

15. Whether in all cases the debtor should not be
compelled to deliver a cash account of the last year?
16. To consider the best mode of extending the
practice of the London Commissioners to the country
fiats.

16. Whether it be right that the adjudication of the
bankruptcy should take place as at present, without no-
tice to the party, or whether the supposed bankrupt
should be heard before he be declared a bankrupt ?

ECCENTRIC CHARACTER.—On Saturday an
inquest was held at Moulsham, Essex, on the body of
Jane Lee, aged 66, who died rather suddenly. The
deceased had lived 44 years as servant with a most
eccentric character, known in the neighbourhood as
Miss Brown, but whose real name is Mattocks. It
appeared that Miss Mattocks, who is between sixty
and seventy years of age, has lived for many years
in the most secluded manner ; for the last six years,
it is stated, the front door has not been opened
for the admission of any one, being secured by a chain,
and for the last twenty years she has held no communi-
cation with her neighbours ; formerly she quitted the
house once a year to pay the rent, but this has been
for some time discontinued. It is her custom not to
retire to rest till the hour of morning, when early
risers are going to their occupations. She is un-
derstood to be rather wealthy, but lives in the most
niggardly manner, and she states that as her money
came from Government, to Government it shall revert at
her death. The deceased was kept in the most secluded
manner, though she was sometimes sent on errands.
The body, when the jury went to view it, was lying on
the kitchen floor, it was much emaciated, and the legs
were in a dreadful state ; they had been bad for some
years, and one of them had burst towards the heel,
which was the cause of death. Miss Mattocks, whose
, appearance to those who know her not, would indicate
poverty, evpressed great objection to leaving the house
to be examined by the Coroner, and it was at one time
thought it might be necessary to send a warrant for her,
but finding resistance was vain she complied. She
stated in her evidence before the jury, that deceased
had lived with her 44 years ; that she had been going
to leave her, and would have gone on Wednesday, the
day previous to her death, only that she, Miss Mat-
tocks, had not change to pay her wages with. On
Wednesday night witness's attention was attracted
by seeing something on the ground, which proved
to be blood from the leg of the deceased. " I
cried out," continued witness, " with all my might,
but there was no one to hear me, and if there had been
the door was fastened, and admission could not have
been obtained. I did not know what in the world to
do, when it came into my mind to take off my garter,
and tie her by the arm to the rail, and see if I could
get her down stairs." She bled " all along the floor
like a flood." The legs of the deceased, it appeared,
had been bad for years, and she had been in the habit
of poulticing them with bread. After the bleeding she
remained on the floor covered over with a cloak until
about five o'clock next morning, when she died. Wit-
ness stated that she did not send for medical aid, be-
lieving it to be of no use. It had been supposed that
deceased had not had the proper necessaries of life while
in the service of her eccentric mistress, and that her
treatment had accelerated her death. But there was
nothing elicited at the inquest to show that this was
the fact ; and the Jury returned a verdict " that the
deceased died from natural causes."
FALL FROM SUNDERLAND BRIDGE.—MI-
RACULOUS ESCAPE.—On Monday afternoon, at. about
four o'clock, as a sailor, named John Barnett, was en-
gaged painting the metal works of the stupendous
bridge in this town, the plank on which he was stand-
ing slipped at one end from its resting place, and the
poor fellow was, in consequence, precipated into the
Wear. The man caught hold of one of the trans-
verse ribs of the arch for a moment, but from the
suddenness of the fall he could not longer retain his
grasp. He remained a considerable time under water,
but eventually appeared at the surface, when he again
breathed the air. Being a good swimmer, he made towards
a sloop lying at the north side of the river, though he was
much impeded by the force of the tide ; the men in the
ship perceiving his situation, put off a boat, took him
up, and landed him at Fenwick's Quay, when, to the
surprise of all, he ran up the bank, jumped over a
wall, and went to the bridge, for the purpose of locking
up his working utensils, though he had fallen from a
height of upwards of 90 feet ! It was high water at
the time of the accident, or his fall would have been one
hundred feet. So little worse was the man, that he
walked home as if nothing had happened. At present
he complains of a little stiffness at his back, and be ima-
gines from this that he fell into the water on his back.
The man states that the effect produced upon his imagi-
nation, when he dashed in the water was as if he had fallen
into a flame of fire ; he also states that he felt the de-
scent so long that he thought he should never arrive at
the bottom. He lives in Sans-street' and is 43 years of
age. He was employed by Mr. Moore, architect, who
is the surveyor of the bridge.—Northern Times.
RECENT PUBLIC CONDUCT OF THE CLERGY.
—Amidst much to cause pain and grief to moderate
men in the recent conduct of the clergy, there is no-
thing that has given us more concern than to see the
manner in which they have demeaned themselves with
respect to the two great questions of education and re-
gistration.—Manchester Guardian.
CLEAN STABLES.—As for the straw which
ofis
impregnated with urine, it is the invariable
custom
a
nineteen grooms out of twenty to allow it to remain
when i t
lnot
at
the bottom of a horse's bed for several
days,vng heard
g
in
. a
the d handfe affirma-
tive, fellow, must never make
is at length cleared away ; I remember b
will that a crusty old merchant,
0f whoseaskn namei g an applicant
mention, was always in the habit
for a clerk's berth whether
ho
"scratching out." If the a
the reply always "thenwas,"e r was a
my
goodo
you won't do for me, for my clerks
mistakes." You may, therefore, previously to hiring a
groom, ask him " how often he mucks out," and should
he say" once a week, or twice a week, Sir," the sooner
think that to look after a horse properly
he "mucks himself out the the. better. Some of these
oref_trta.mmg to the business at all ; and I
wwhhoo
kappliedhunters for the
too, situationsituation
gentry,ire si indeed, es d ,
cavalierly " that he did not know much about
have knowtona
gen tol le
mhaenm,
but had looked arter a kiow (cow) a good bit !"
Oldloofdggrooovmery
nags,
sporting Magazine.
UNEMPLOYED AT PAISLEY.—WhiIe every-
thing is doing that can be done by the wealthier classes
to alleviate by their contributions the distress which at
present unfortunately exists amongst the operatives at
Paisley, we regret to observe that some mischievous
persons have been attempting to mislead the poor people
into a course calculated only to injure their cause with
the charitable, by instructing them to demand that as a
right which they are only entitled to as a boon. At the
meeting the principle of the petition was not, of course,
recognised ; and we do hope the operatives themselves
will endeavour to seize the common-sense view of their
position, unfortunate though it may be, and not by per-
verseness and extravagant demands freeze the sources
of benevolence.—Glasgow Herald.
