. . .
;OUTIIWAR K EL ECTION:7(TIIIS DAY

" being the day fixed for the Election of 'Mein-
tlePs for the Borough of Southwark, at nine o'clock
_!"Pot before the Town Hall, where the hustings
7ere erected, was crowded to excess. • At ten o'clock,
.heed hour appointed, Sir Robert Wilson, arrived, pre-
!. ed •by a number of dark-blue coloured flags :he
IT received with unbounded applause. About this
slip' Sir Robert', two daughters, and Lavitlette,
prour readers 'must recollect, had been assisted
p,r Robert to escape from prison in France, took
r ,„,
d,,-Tt;i°ll a window opposite to the hustings.
half-past ten o'clock Mr.`Calvert arrived, pre
by a number of sky-blue flags, and was received
,iv by
applause. Shortly after Mr. Polhill ar-
te.e, Preceded by orange -and blue flags, and was re-
etyed with
applause and hisses!. AbOut eleven
the High Bailiff appeared on the hustings.
sl_ecoatli was administered to him by. Alderman
h. The Bribery Act and 'the writ from the
itu.Eln
on _
,17 1 Surrey were read. The High Bailiff then
!c? essed the electors, and told them to nominate
"a Representatives.
Soto'/0N DAVIS then Caine forward and pro-
i';',*(l Mr. Calvert, as the enemy, to Corn Laws, to
mvery, and the Assessed Taxes.
i 1! in seconding the proposal, professed
,eeielf an enemy to Catholic Emancipation, and
,`Vtd the Members who shmild be! returned would
40 oppose it.
\
h'IILACIaTT proposed Sir Robert Wilson, in a
4teli of considerable length, which consisted princi-
Y lauding his military and political virtues, and
Viltiperating Mr. Polhill.
Ir. AR ito wsm Tlt seconded the proposal.
r. vERT addressed the meeting, and thanked
'ten' 1;r having returned him to three successive Par-
.414,014--he considered it as a mark of their appro.
~
of his conduct. There was one question, he
oh which he did not agree with all his tonsti-
r:t3; but lie could not collect their opinions on
io;slebject—tti, vote for the Catholics Was conscien-
given ; and if they should return him on the
tiut! °ecasion, and that he did not conduct himself
iir satisfaction, he would willingly return to them
s/r4,,t rePoSed in him. He saw'. placards having'
° ilson, aml no Popery," they might as well
e'No Calvert too ; for he shared the odium of
catitv
the Catholic Question, with his Gallant
(Loud
!r, cheers.)
•
10,h)11 was" proposed . by. Mr.. Holloway, and
th,"44.eu by Mr. Bishop, amidst the hootings of the
44 .
441 !this, a Mr. Byruat addressed the Meeting,
4444 he would propose questions to the several
! to which, if they it not give satisfactory
he would propose a fourth man ; but lie was
PA 47,4 by the hooting' of the mob, that he could
t heard.
, Iles being restored,
irIIRItT WILSON next addressed the meeting.
that they were bound more than others to
tththose principles of independence which they
!le'e
rert° supported, as they had confederated with
-urtners of London, Middlesex, and Westinin-,
kl/41) He should be ashamed if: the electors of
jktitrail( should first violate the compac
t.. An
r had been made to their prejudices, in
t? (Rearm them, but he hoped they were
"liltl.litened to be entrapped by such petty arti-
'he Gault Candidate then took" a compre-
hib of the political state of the country, and
[lts litiwit conduct since he 'first sat in the House.
o° no instance vote contrary to the wishes of
11,4 pttbelllSl. They all knew his principles ; lie
14ti. ;lend to civil and religions liberty, and to re-
I j'e would not be returned on ally other condi-
! #4041.1141 that .of being allowed to exercise his own
on three subjects : he was no friend to the!
' Isewas in Italy when lie had been re-
-441, there were 10,0001. sent by the Protestants!
1.1441142_°_,11t-,ry ort4erU) have the "Pope' restored; he:l
i1*,4471,m the Pope and all the. Jesuits to the devil
111 have no tithes nor Bishops! ; have every •
lIPPort its own shpplierd as iii America: After
kit Indulged in some remarks respecting slavery
Iv! (2'3111 laws lie!concluded by requesting of them
‘tti:rekli their approbation of his, conduct by three
which was enthusiastically cOinplied with,
bOlll
it , •
'lll then presented 'himself, and in vain
lied to procure a hearing; the air was rent with
Q,4llll►d hootings. Mr. Calvert and Sir Robert
ht', severally endeavoured to restore silence, but to
Mr.,Polliill notwithstanding, persevered
hit: 'l4; but the !only sentiment we could collect
igter
.wag that:he-was opposed to the Corn Laws.
btBl,
41tIldrew, the Bailiff came forward and took
uf the Electorsjespecting,ihe proposed am'
iii4ervsr'dly, by a show' of hands, which he declared
Your of Mr,, Calvert and Sir Robert Wilson.
btu_P then demanded a poll on behalf of Mr.
411(1 the Bailiff e 2 fixed-ou o'clock- to commence.e
IN I and Sir it.:WILsoN then returned
tl •
ere
toudly divn manifested in their favour,
pans]h;thalea*Al•vltßT then proposed, and Mr. PoLttim.
e°oduet
' a VOW of thanks to. the Bailiff for his im-
.•

SUN OFFICE, Three o'Clock.
Itol)en Wilson - 11
"• Calvert - . 67
P9lhill . 57
