COURT CIRCULAR.

The Russian Ambassador, the Prussian and French
Ministers, the Baron DE WessENnuaGH, the Austrian Mi-
nister on a special mission, and the Austrian Charge
d'Affaires, assembled at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon at
the Foreign-office, and held a conference with Viscount
PALMERSTON. The Dutch Minister visited his Lordship
yesterday.
Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday
from the Acting Governor of the lonian Islands, from Sir
FREDERICK PONSON BY, the Lieutenant• Governor of
Malta, and from Sir WILLIAM HOUSTOUN, the Lieutenant-
Governor of Gibraltar.
The Bavarian Minister and the Danish Charge d'Affaires
transacted business on Thursday at the office of the Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affaires. The French and Bel-
gian Ministers were occupied with Viscount PALMERSTON
on Thursday evening at the Foreign-office. Sir JAMES
GRAHAM also visited tile Noble Viscount on Thursday.
The LORD CA ANCELLO R and Viscount ALTHORP have
been staying on a visit during the week with Earl GREY;
at Howick- hall, Northumberland.

The Marquis of CLANRICARDE passed
through Lincoln on Friday last, on his route from Hull IC
London. By some accident the Marquis's servant fell otf
the coach, and broke his arm in three places.—Lincoln
Mercury.

The Earl and Countess of MUNSTER, the in-
fant Viscount FITZCLARENCE, and Lady ADELAIDE FITZ-
CLARENCE, have quitted the magnificent seat of his ve-
nerable father-in-law, Lord EGREMONT, at Petworth, for
Brighton, where a house has been engaged for his Lord-
ship and family, on the Marine-parade.

Count MATUSZEWIC, the Russian Envoy
Extraordinary, was expected to arrive to-day at hie residence
in Curzon-street, May-fair, from Heaton Park, near
Manchester.

Lord TENTERDEN has been recruiting his
strength during a considerable part of the vacation at
Leamington, and we are happy to hear that he is consi-
derably improved in health.

Yesterday morning the new Sheriffs, R. PECK
end J. HUMPHREY, Esqrs., were sworn into office for the
ensuing year, at Guildhall before the Lord Mayor, with the
usual formalities.
THE ORIGINAL STRAND.—in the reign of
EDWARD 111. the Strand was an open highway. A soli'
tary house occasionally occurred ; but in 1353, the rug'
gedness of the highway was such, that EDWARD appointed
a tax on wool, leather, &c., for its improvement.—Mirror.
His Excellency the Marquis of ANGLE'
SEY, the Marchioness of ANGLESEY, and Lady mAaf
PAGET, proceeded on Tuesday to Maretimo, the seat of
Lord CLONCURRY, near Dublin.
Chatsworth, the splendid seat of the Duke or
DEVONSHIRE, is in a state of preparation to receive the
Duchess of KENT and the Princess VICTORIA, who er°
expected to pay the Lord Chamberlain a short visit, is
the r progress to the metropolis.
The present Sir WALTER SCOTT, who sue'
ceeds to the celebrated boronetcy of Scorr of Abbotsford,
is now in his 324 year, and Major of the 15th, or King
Hussars, commanded by Lieut.. Colonel BRUDENELL.
quartered at Manchester. In 1825 he married Jai alt
daughter and sole heiress of JOHN JoßsoN, E.q., an ope;
lent Scottish merchant, with which lady report affirmeG,
at the time the gallant officer received a fortune 0`
60,0001. Sir WALTER Scorr has one brother and too
sisters,—viz. Mr. CHARLES SCOTT, of Brazenness-college,
Oxford; SOPHIA CHARLOTTE, now Mrs. JOHN GIRSOS.
LOCKHART, wife of the editor of the Quarterly Review'
and Miss ANN SCOTT.
The Ministerial Papers announce that Lords
GREY and BROUGHAM will return from the North to Loll'
don early in October. This is believed to be preparatorfi
to an important change in the Administration. LO'
GREY is still anxious to retire. There is a difficulty!!
the way; but it is supposed that Lord BROUGHAM
take the lead in the Ministry ; that Lord Aturoar br
resigned the Exchequer robe, which he feels very bui tbefi
some; and that two or three Members of the Cabinet vd,
fall back to make room for new faces. It Lord Bitounite
consolidates his power, he will effect further change*
Some speculate on Sir R. PEEL'S taking office under b"
Others think that the Right Hon. Baronet will sued!:
Lord WILLIAM BENTINCE in the Governor.Generalshll
of India. More unlikely things have happened.—Leej
Intelliyencer. hO'
The late Admiral THoMAs DRURY, WP
died at Bruges the sth instant, of apoplexy, had 10,5
nearly 60 years in the service, in the early part of seh'„,
he had the good fortune to capture a Dutch brig of or,
after a most unequal and severe conflict, for which he
made a commander. He subsequently commanded
Myrmidon, of 20 guns, and the Fox frigate, of 36 OP
In 1793 he was appointed to the Alfred, 74, and eaji
tured, on the West India station, La Renomme, 44,
La Favorite, of 22 guns. He was promoted to the In,
of Rear-Admiral on the 23d of April, 1808 ; and A

miral, 4th June, 1814. Of
ASHES OF TWO MILLIONS OF BANK I,
Co
ENGLAND NOTES.—Amongst the various curiosities
of
lected in the Museum, King's College, there is none tv,,,b10
appears to attract the attention of the visitor more Pc)
'
the ashes of two millions of Bank of England notes► vib'
have been presented to the Museums, and are enclosed
glass case. By an inscription attached to the two °oh
lions' worth ! which has all the appearance of a mill of
substance, and is of an irregular form, it appear.;
notes were consigned to the flames in the present I;
This transformation of the " paper currency" way 0,6,
Mr. CORBETT a commentary for his promised fest'
e Gridiron." AO'
The Cardinal de LATIL, Confessor, or
mestic Chaplain to CHARLES the Tenth, left GitatPo
Hotel, in Charles-street, Grosvenor-square, last nigh, fit
einbaik on board the Sir Edward. Bankes steamer'oo.
Rotterdam. His Eminence, on arriving in Holland/ of
set out for Gritz, the place selected for their residence
the Ex-Royal Family of France. The Cardinal to
esteemed favourite of the Ex-Royal Family, and the Per
sessor of considerable wealth. To-morrow is the anoi.tof
sary of the youthful Duke of BORDEAUX (111froili
CHARLES FERDINAND Dieu-Donne d' AnTots),wll° boo
complete his 12th year. It is said that the Duce,
d'AncouLeatit is the proprietor of an estate of imenenlod
tent in Gratz, or its vicinity, and it was therefore sel
for her new residence. Among the suite of the Ex.,1,4,
Family are three Englishmen, who entered the Ex-ts'l,,
service when he was the Count d'AaTois, and an ex"; 01
Hartwell. On the restoration of the Bourbon ditiote
these individuals attended their Royal Master to r
ssfi
where one of them was appointed a principal dolt/
or huntsman, in the Royal forests, and the others werei,fl
provided for. The same pe'rsons still adhered to Ctike'o
when he quitted France after the memorable confh.d
the three days, and they have now returned with hi'
the Continent.
RUMOURED ARREST OF DR. Dolti,E',r
0`
There was a rumour through town yesterday that s it/
rant had been issued from the Castle for the arrest °log
Right Rev. Doctor DOYLE. It was also very Bent 01
reported that the warrant was confided for execitio- e!'
large force of military. We cannot believe that theirijr
the slightest foundation for such a monstrous and in°
ble proceeding. The rumour, however, receivedPsr/
credence—but anything will be believed in these tl'e-
si
x 'tpl:tlioinetehTeNoobrroitrel :Su OgDhfe:ColnTi tliheir0$4°
Dublin Morning Register, Thursday.
In Barnstaple fair last week, the team of °, id
of Sir A. CHICHESTER, Bart., of Youlston, excite/
admiration of all who saw them, for their beautiful 'YIP
try, uniformity of colour, and extraordinary size. ,oj/
spreadbullocks
were
reswerepaod r t
sadly
odtludiasftaopirtp:o.de'o;
ivoNninste:FrnirtAiidolni:yoetf:the npjoeli nuplueulatti.owaat attack cokffehriesdLtoordtshhei isTb: i°01:r°b11:::
however, disappointed ; the Bishop confirmed th;fl,/
ren, and met with nothing but the greatest eiy'
Blackburn Gazette. tbeir '
The Saint Simonians propose to exercise 6,00
Apostolate in the prisons. They will there find Pt.( ell
of their doctrine of the community of property,---; ittly I
SUlClDE.—Thursday night, between ten
4,,
go.
eleven o'clock, the body of Thomas FENDON' `-soitt,
gentleman residing in Westbourne-lane, Hammer volt
was discovered by his gardener lying in one of tiletoof.:
of the pleasure ground adjoining his premises, the o,',
teoate gentleman having blown his brains out with 10,01;
ing pistol, which still remained firmly grasped in h
idi° PA
its fellow, heavily loaded, was also lying by his eeci diet
top of the skull was blown completely off. He haw 6 °les
with his family as usual, and nothing remarkable ''sbaos
served in his manner or appearance. He went el?'
seven o'clock, saying that he would call on a frieod_ol
neighbourhood, but it appears he never left the Pteraittoi
The fatal accident is supposed to have been enii.t;
about an hour afterwards. No cause can be direfoo
signed, except that Mr. FENDON had been Pe) °,
some time past to be labouring under great une4,2(.0 pt
mind, which he seemed very anxious to conceal fro
family. He has left a widow and three children to
his premature loss.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 29. 1932.

Some reports highly unfavourable to Don
PEDRO'S expedition have been in circulation this
morning ; but they are totally devoid of founda..
tion. One report was that MIGUEL'S troops
had taken possession of the heights commanding
Oporto, and were proceeding to bombard the
City to the ground. We have made inquiries at
the proper official quarters, and can state that
'lO such news has been received. In fact there
has been no intelligence from Oporto received
this day in London. It was on this day
(the 29th) that the grand assault was expected
to be made, it being MIGUEL'S Saint's day.

We regret to hear that, in consequence of
some misunderstanding between the agents of
nOn PEDRO and the contractors for a reinforce-
ment to be sent to Oporto, under the command
of Sir JOHN MILLEY DOYLE, it will now be
impossible for the reinforcement in question to
arrive in Oporto in time to be of any utility as
regards the immediate defence of that city. We
have heard a great deal of the difference in ques-
tion, but shall make no further allusion to it than
stating, that the fault of delay is neither with Sir
JOHN MILLEY DOYLE, who has behaved
throughout the affair with great liberality, nor
with the Portuguese Ambassador, or the Secre-
tary of Legation, M. DE LIMA, each of whom
has appeared anxious to meet the views of the
Gallant Officer, and behaved in a way entitled
only to commendation. It is to some subordi-
nate persons, we believe, that Don PEDRO is
indebted for his disappointment in this instance.
It has been erroneously stated in some of
the papers that Sir JOHN MILLEY DOYLE was
to have had the Command-in-Chief of the Por-
tuguese Constitutional army. He was merely to
have commanded his own division of 1,500
men, and to have had the nomination of officers
up to the rank of captain ; but what a reinforce-
ment would these 1,500 men have been under so
experienced and daring a commander ! If Col.
HODGES, with about 600 Englishmen, has ef-
fected so much, what might not have been done
by a junction between him and Sir JOHN DOYLE
With a force of 1,500 ? The opportunity, how-
ever, has been lost as far as the defence of Opor-
hto Was concerned, for at this moment Don
oDRO is either safe for the winter, or all his
pes of retaining possession of Oporto are at an
en
the d. Supposing,ltowever, that the operations
of besiegers are over for the season, the ar-
rival of such a force as that which it is proposed
to send out under Sir JOHN DOYLE will be of
Signal,, use in offensive operations on the part of
Don PEDRO. The cautious game has been played
enough on both sides, and a little of the dash
Which is generally successful under critical cir-
cumstances, may be safely practised. A more
fit leader in such a system of warfare than Sir
JOHN MILLEY DOYLE could not be chosen,
and we feel confident, that if he were at this
Moment in Oporto, with his 1,500 men, he and
Colonel HODGES would not be three days be-
fore they were on their march to attack the tiger
in his den.
Since writing the above, we have heard it
atated, that Sir JOHN MILLEY DOYLE will go
out on his own account with 500 men, and that
a Gallant Colonel—also a Member of Parliament

—has been appointed chef d'etat Major to the
constitutional army.

_
The Revenue returns for the past week are
not so favourable as those of the two or three
preceding weeks ; but it is still expected
that there will be a handsome surplus for the
quarter.

We understand, upon inquiry, that the an-
nouncement of intended modifications in the Mi-
nistry, which has been made by a Morning Con-
temporary, is, to say the least, premature.

Nothing very decisive was agreed upon in the
Conference which was held last night at the Fo-
reign Office. The propriety and importance of
adopting a more positive tone towards the King
of HOLLAND appears, however, to be fully
appreciated ; and the Russian ambassador,
although anxious for further delay, finds the
feeling on this point so general as to the other
Members of the Conference, that he has not
ventured to propose any further application to
the Court of St. Petersburgh. The Conference
of last night was chiefly taken up in conversation
as to the best course to be adopted, without any
proposition having been regularly discussed ; and
an anxiety to avoid such coercive measures as
might, by any possibility, produce a general war,
was manifested. The arrival of the French fri-
gate, with information that the French fleet isin
readiness to join our squadron, was allowed to
be rather premature ; but we are happy to learn
that iVI. de MAREUIL, the French ambassador,
has warmly and zealously vindicated the promp-
titude with which the French Government have
acted in this affair, and forcibly pointed out the
justice of complying with the demands of the
Belgians, after having recognised their inde-
pendence, and placeda Sovereign on the Throne
in order to avoid the erection of a Republic. An
opinion has prevailed for some time paste
that M. de MAREUIL was rather a parti-
zan of Holland. It is but common justice
to say, that he has acted latterly in a way to
prove that the opinion was utterly unfounded.
Lord PALMERSTON, too, has amply made amends
for the unwise courtesies which he so long exhi-
bited towards the Powers of the North, and
there is at last a prospect of the assumption of a
tone more becoming a great and free nation. It
must not be imagined, however, that coercive
measures such as are usually adopted will be
exercised against Holland in the first instance.
The King of HOLLAND will be warned of the
danger of further resistance. If this warning
should not take effect, the Belgians will be autho-
rized to withhold payment of the portion of the
debt which has been saddled upon them. If
that should fail, the Dutch ports will be block-
aded ; and if the KING should still hold out,
then recourse will be had to the common argu-
ment of Sovereigns. The coups de canons
will, however, be the best argument, and as suf-
ficient delay will precede its use, it may either
become unnecessary, or Russia will, by that time,
be prepared to take part in the contest.
The Conference broke up last night with an
understanding, that they are to meet again on
Monday. To-day an account will be pre-
pared of the discussion of yesterday, and it is
hoped that by Monday something may occur to
render an arrangement more practicable. Thus
the Protocoliques of Europe go on hoping and
hoping, whilst those who are interested in the
prevention of au arrangement are daily augment-
ing their means of annoyance.

We extract the following from the Metropo-
litan Magazine for October, just published :
" In putting the hand to the plough of Church
Reform, there is no turning back. The sub-
ject once touched, it must be honestly and fear-
lessly sifted to the bottom. Nay more, if the
Union with England is to be preserved, the Pro-
testant Church Supremacy must be abandoned
and destroyed. A Catholic nation will no lon-
ger tolerate such an anomaly, when even the
Protestant people of England are tired of
the abuse, and are calling for religious equality.
The sooner, therefore, the adjustment is made,
the better for all parties ; and before all things,
let the Ministry remark, that there must be no
shuffling, no compromise, no half-measures, no
weakness. To the empire at large we would
observe, that the state of Ireland is the just
retribution which the eternal nature of things
provides to punish oppression. The people of
England owe Ireland a heavy debt, from having
stood the tranquil observers of Ministerial ag-
gressions against that portion of the empire.
They have permitted the Aristocracy of England
to treat Ireland like a province, and they now
suffer from its struggles. Let the universal
people of Great Britain, then, observe towards
Ireland that policy which a landlord would prac-
tise towards a farm that is out of condition."—
The tithe question, as the Metropolitan after-
wards truly observes, has been the great blunder
of the Whig Ministry. They have come to its
discussion in a spirit of distrust and hesitation,
as if convinced that no possible good could
come of mooting the point. Where they should
have met it manfully, they have shrunk from it ;
where they should have been decided, they have
been vacillating and over fastidious. No great q ues-
tion was ever turned to fit account by being dealt
with in this spirit. If the Whigs are really de-
sirous of pacifying Ireland, and so strengthening
the Empire's right arm, let them set about the
tithe question in a manly, uncompromising
spirit, and, above all, bear in mind, that in
whatever amendments they may henceforth pro-
ject, they will commit a far more grievous error
by doing too little than too much.

By the express from Paris this morning, the
French Papers of Thursday, and the Messager
des Chambres, dated yesterday, have been re-
ceived. They are principally filled with com-
ments on the late Stock jobbing affair of the
premature death of King FERDINAND, which
has caused the entire ruin of several stock-
brokers, who speculated largely in Spanish
Rentes. The Ministry is not yet formed, as
M. DUPIN has positively declared that he will
not accept office unless he has the portfeuille of

the Minister of the Interior and the Presidency
of the Council, which Louis PHILIPPE ap-
pears reluctant to resign. The general opinion,
however, is, that he will give way, and M. DUPIN
form a new Ministry, in which Messrs. GUIZOT
and BERTIN will take a decided part.
The affairs of Holland and Belgium create a
great interest at present on the Bourse, and
much speculation on the subject is afloat. Per-
sons well versed in politics and the state of
Europe, seem all agreed upon one point, that
war will not take place between Holland and
Belgium, notwithstanding the belligerent posi-
tion of the two parties, and the marching of a
French army to the northern frontiers. The
Ambassadors of Austria, Prussia, and Russia
have had several conferences with Count SEBAS.
TIANI on this subject, which are said to have
terminated satisfactorily.
The appointment of Marshal Count Mo-
LITOR to the command of the army of observa-
tion, which is forming in the south, is the subject
of much conversation, and it is generally believed
that LOUIS PHILIPPE is afraid, should Don
CARLOS assume the title of King, that he will
encourage the intrigues of the Duchess of BERRY
and the fallen dynasty, as Marshal BoußmoNT
is in constant communication with this enter-
prising Princess, who still keeps her position in
La Vendee.

The Moniteur Beige, of the 26th, printed
at Brussels, has been received by estafette. It
gives a detailed account of the review at which
King LEOPOLD, the QUEEN, and her brother,
his Royal Highness the Duke of ORLEANS,
with a numerous staff, were present, and that
great rejoicings were preparing at Brussels to
commemorate the anniversary [of the three
grand days of the Revolution. Nothing is men-
tioned of hostilities having commenced between
Holland and Belgium ; the Duke of SAXE
WEIMAR was, however, marching with strong
forces upon Maestricht.

The Duke de NEmoußs had arrived at the
head-quarters of the French army of the north,
and joined Marshal GERARD. The troops
were still being reinforced by artillery from Yin •
cennes, Lafere, and Metz. Nothing new has
been received from Bayonne.

The funds were rather lower, owing to reports
in the English papers of the cannonade on the
Dutch coast. Three per cents. 68f.

It has been argued, and justly argued, that
one of the natural effects of slavery, in the
form in which it exhibits itself in the West
Indies, is to diminish population. The Morn-
ing Post, which has a natural sympathy with
oppression in all quarters of the world, has an
article to day, given in another part of our Pa-
per, written for the purpose of proving, first, that
the decrease in the population amounts to little
or nothing, and next, that it must of necessity
be enormous, although from a cause different
from any assigned by the friends of negro eman-
cipation. The decrease, says the Post, arises
from the disparity in the sexes, ergo, all
that is said by the abolitionists must go
for nothing, and the negroes must still
go on cultivating sugar, with the cart-whip
suspended over their shoulders. In the
first place we do not feel much inclined to yield
either to the facts or arguments of the Morning
Post, for, if we recollect rightly, Lord HoWICK,
it was, who stated to the House of Commons
last year, that the number of children born of
slave parents, in the colo►iies.most remarkable for
this slave mortality, had been equal to the number
of children born of a similar number of Euro-
pean parents. We imagine that the slaves were
born in tolerably equal proportions; and had the
parties been free, the law of nature, which bids
men increase and multiply, whilst there is
food for them to eat, would have been
fulfilled. But they were not free, and Lord
Howzcx distinctly traced the mortality, which
brought about the deplorable result he stated,

the excessive labour which children were sub-
jected to. We will leave the Post to reconcile its
contradictory arguments and assertions, and
taking for granted that the slaves do increase,
will ask him how the fact impeaches the con-
clusion to which Mr. FOWELL BUXTON and
his friends arrive ? Unless he can impeach that
conclusion, a cart•load of fine-drawn arguments,
such as we have to-day, must just go for nothing.

Our attention has been called to a long article
headed Liberalism versus Liberality, or, A fete
Spots on The Sun, which appears in the Cale-
donian Mercury, received this day. It is in-
tended as an answer to some observations
which appeared in this Paper on the ultra
expression of devotional regret manifested (ac-
cording to the account in the Caledonian
Mercury) by the people of Edinburgh, on the
departure of CHARLES X. from that enlightened
city. We say the article is intended as an an-
swer ; but it appears rather as the vehicle of
much personal abuse levelled against the presumed
author of the observations. Perhaps it will be some
consolation to the editor of the Caledonian Mer-
cury to know, that, in this instance, as on a former
occasion, it so happens that the editor of The Sun
did not write the article for which he is so much,
indebted to his northern contemporary for his gen-
tlemanly consideration. This being disposed of
it were, perhaps, as well to admit that the editor,
who is responsible for all that appears in the paper,
is ready to justify the general spirit of the observa-
tions, though he may regret that the language in
which they were couched was, perhaps, less
guarded than conventional usage would justify
on ordinary occasions.
With respect to Louis PHILIPPE, our Con-
temporary is also in error ; The Sun is no
admirer of the conduct pursued by the King
of the Barricades, as its columns will attest.
But were it otherwise, would the misconduct of
Louis PHILIPPE justify the errors of CHARLES
X. ? We can respect fallen greatness, and com-
miserate misfortune, but we have no sym-
pathy with those who can abet crime, merely
because it boasts a Royal paternity. We dismiss
the other portion of the article in the same spirit
of charity in which it was written. On another
occasion we hope there will be no " mistake."

ELECTION OF LORD MAYOR.
(THIS DAY.)

This being Michaelmas day, a Common Hall was held
for the election of Lord Mayor, for the year ensuing.
At one o'clock the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Re-
corder, Common Serjeant, and other City Officers, arrived
on the hustings. The Hall was greatly crowded, occa-
sioned, no doubt, by the rumour that it was i❑ contem-
plation to bring forward some person as a candidate who
was not a Member of the Court of Aldermen ; but those
who expected such a novel exhibition were disappointed.
The RECORDER came forward and, as usual, was re-
ceived with loud groans and hisses. He said the Livery
were summoned, by virtue of a precept of the Lord
Mayor, to exercise their valuable franchise of
electing, from the Aldermen of the City of Lon
don, two to be returned to the Court of Aldermen,
who would select which of the two should fill the high
and important office of Lord Mayor for the year ensuing.
The names of the Aldermen would be read over by the
Common Serjeant, and then the Livery would select which
two they chose.

Mr. 'STEVENS begged, before the business proceeded
further, to address a few words to the Livery. He said
he did not come forward with any unkind feelings towards
Sir Peter Laurie; but as they took up a certain position
last year, and as they then proved theirdetermination to sup-
port the cause of Reform, he wished now to ask the worthy
Knight a question. He believed the friends of freedom in the
city did not think that on the present occasion there was any
necessity to interfere with the principle of rotation—
( Hear)—and that it was only on extraordinary occasions
that:the Livery would act as they did last year ; but
then there was an extraordinary occasion, and they had
an extraordinary man, who had served them truly and
faithfully.—(Cheers.) He (Mr. Stevens) held in his
hand a placard, which was this morning posted through
the city, which he would first read, and then would ask
the worthy Knight a question relative to it. If either the '
worthy Knight or his committee avowed that placard,
then it was to be hoped the Livery would reject Sir
Peter Laurie. The placard ran thus :—." Sir Peter
Laurie for Lord Mayor, who last year was honoured with
the support of all the respectable Livery—(llisses)—but
because he would not make himself a political puppet, was
deprived of his rights by a combination of —." He
(Mr. S.) begged the Livery to mark this—(Loud
hisses)—" by a combination of Radicals and Revolu-
tionists, with the lowest blackguards of the
(Loud hisses, and cries of ' Off, off,' and Shame')—
" who have in vain--"—( Here the uproar was so great,
that Mr. Stevens could not proceed.)
Sir P. LAURIE came forward amidst mingled cheers
and hisses, and begged of the Livery—of his friends in
particular, to give Mr. Stevens a fair hearing.
Mr. STEVENS with difficulty proceeded, " was deprived
of his right by a combination of radicals and revolutionists,
with the lowest blackguards in the city, who have in vain
attempted the same trick this year, and who are only
anxious to overturn all our ancient institutions, of which
Laurie, who has never changed, has been the firm sup-
porter."--(Loud hisses.) He bad one question to put,
which was as important to the worthy Knight as it was to
the Livery. No man could vote at civic elections who
was not a Liveryman, and no man could become a Livery_
man who did not move in a respectable sphere of life—
(Hear, hear)—and therefore he wished to ask whether the
worthy Knight knew of or had participated in any
way, directly or indirectly, by himself, his personal
friends, or any of his committee, in the circula-
tion of that placard; or whether it had his sanction.
The subject could be traced, for the man who was em-
ployed to post the bills was now in custody in the Hall,
and could of course be questioned.
Sir P. LAURIE, amidst cheers and hisses, said em-
phatically, he disavowed the bill for himself or his com-
mittee.—(Cheers.) It was " a weak invention of the
enemy," and if he could be capable of sending forth such
a document, he should consider himself unworthy of
standing before the Livery.—(Cheers.)
Mr. LEGGE, the Chairman of Sir Peter's committee,
also disavowed all participation in the printing and circu-
lation of the bill, and said he would not so far insult the
understanding of the Livery as to imagine they could at-
tribute such a document to Sir Peter's friends.
The COMMON SERJEANT then in the usual way read
the names of the Aldermen who had not passed the
chair, and from whom the Livery were to select two
to be returned to the Court of Aldermen. Their names
were Aldermen Sir Peter Laurie, Farebrother, Winchester,
Copeland, Kelly, Cowan, and Sir C. Marshall.
The Common Crier having put those gentlemen in no-
mination,

The Com3toN SERJEANT announced that the Sheriffs
declared the election to have fallen on Sir P. Laurie, Al-
derman and sadler, and Thomas Kelly, Esq., Alderman
and plasterer.—(Cheers.)
The Lord Mayor and Aldermen then retired, and pro-
ceeded to the Court of Aldermen.
On their return to the hustings the RECORDER declared
the choice of the Court of Aldermen to have fallen on Sir
Peter Laurie, which announcement was received by the
vast assemblage with the most enthusiastic cheers.

Sir PETEICLAUME, after being invested with the chain
of office, stepped forward amid luud and long continued
cheering to return thanks. The worthy Knight said,
that when be surveyed the vast concourse of kind friends
that surrounded him, and considered at what inconve-
nience to themselves they had come here to-day, he could
hardly find words sufficient to thank them. Men were
often conquered by their foes, but he was vanquished by the
kindness of his friends.—(Cheers.) A respectable ward
had chosen him their Magistrate, but the height of every
citizen's ambition was to be unanimously chosen the Chief
Magistrate of so great a city.—(Cheers.) To that
height he had arrived, and was determined not to
be the Magistrate of part, but the whole.—(Cheers.)
He trusted those who had elevated him to the high
honour of Chief Magistrate of London would never have
occasion to repent of the choice that they had made.—
(Cheers.) He was,quite aware of the arduous duties of
the office, but he trusted, with the great assistance of the
legal advisers of the city, to be able to perform them, at
the same time dealing out justice to the people,
and mercy to the offender.—(Hear, hear, and loud
Cheers.) It would always be his study to support the
dignity of the civic chair. He would never be a party
magistrate, or meddle with party. The office he was ho-
noured with was municipal and not political ; he could
assure the Livery that he would never be the
man to restrain the expression of the freedom of
their sentiments ; it was clearly their right, and he
would be the last man to deprive them of it.—(Cheers.)
He trusted that during the year he held office there would
be peace abroad and unanimity at home ; if, however,
it should be otherwise, he would yield to no man
in mental or physical courage in endeavouring to pre-
serve the peace of the city. He trusted, that after his
year of office had expired, he should be enabled to return
the trust the Livery had so unanimously reposed in him
untarnished and unsullied.—(Tremendous cheering.)
Thanks were then voted to the late Sheriffs, who re-
turned thanks, after which the Common.hall adjourned.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TIVEL VE O'CLOCK.

The only arrivals as yet received at the North and South
American Coffee-house are the Quebec Papers to the 26th
of August.

(From the Quebec Paper of the 25th of August.)
The Quebec Mercury has taken some pains to justify
the Colonial Government of Upper and Lower Canada
against a supposed accusation of having furnished false in-
formation on the prospects of emigrants. The Mercury
might have been better employed in the justification of those
who have been accused. There are those in the Colonies
who make a trade of emigration, and speculate on the in-
troduction of emigrants into the Canadas. The burials in
the Protestant ground yesterday (four in number) were
emigrants. Since our last publication the cholera has car.
ried off Doctors Cathcart and Muckleburg, and also two
soldiers in the garrison.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY )

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, SEPT. 28.—Wind S.W.-Arrived from the
river and sailed the Andromache, for Madras. Sailed
Henry Porcher, Bagster, for New South Wales,
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 28.-Wind light and variable.-
Arrived his Majesty's ship Pike, from Cork.
PLYMOUTH, Sarr. 27,-Arrived his Majesty's ship
Pantaloon, from the westward.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 27.-Wind E.-Arrived his Ma.
jesty's ship Tyne, from Plymouth, bound to the Cauarie
and South America.

BRISTOL, SEPT. 28.—Arrived the Maria Louisa, from
the Mauritius—sailed July 15th ; Fenwic, Higgins, from
Quebec.

RAMSGATE, SEPT. 28.—Arrived the Three Sons
Smith, from Archangel.

MILFORD, SETT. 27.—Arrived the Rival, Wallace;
from Alexandria.

LIVERPOOL. SEPT. 27.—Arrived the Margaret, Thomp-
son, and Ogilvy, from Quebec; Danube, from D'amond
Bay ; Chaleur, Perseverence, Morrison, from St. Peters-
burg. Off pert the Livington, from Bengal. Sailed the
Medora, Smith, for Bombay ; Egeria, Whiteside, for th-
Cape of Good Hope. A schooner is on shore on the West
Hoyle Bank.

6611 E, SEPT 26.—Arrived the Prowler, ll'Dowal,
from Smyrna. Off port the Ann, Potts, from Quebec.
LEITH, SETT. 26.—Arrived the Barossa, Sinclair,
from St. Petersburg.
SUNDERLAND, SErr. 27.—Arrived the Thomas, Potts,
from Quebec. Off port the Content, from Archangel.

Arrivals at the Mauritius,—the George Canning, Bo-
zaut, from Marseilles and Gibraltar ; Roberts, Wake,
from Bengal ; Peter, Proctor, from Bordeaux and Cape ;
Swiftsure, from Cape; Emma, --, and Scotia, --,
from Rio Janeiro; Grecian, from Sydney ; Hector, from
London.

Arrived at St. Andrew's, New Brunswick, the Mo-
narch, from Liverpool.
His Majesty's ship Beacon arrived at Malta on the 31st
ult. from Portsmouth.

His Majesty's ship Comet, from the Cape of Good Hope,
has arrived in the Channel,—sailed front St. Helena on
the Ist ult.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

COVENT-GAM
There was a good supply at t
trade was still dull. Prices abot

IEN MARKET.

its morning's market, but the
It stationary.
s.d. s.d.
Spinach (half-sieve) 0 4 to() ()
French Beans 1 (1 2
Apples 1 6 7
Pears 3 0 P
Damsons 2 0 2 6
Common Plums l6 3
Onions for pickling,— 1 ti
Kidney Potatoes 1 0 2
Seville Oranges(loo) 15 0 20 )
Lemons 8 0 14
English Walnuts
Cucumbers, small 0 6 0 1}
Span. Chesnuts (peck) 6 0 10 (,
French ditto
Spanish Hazlenuts
French Walnuts 3 0 5 (
Brazilian Nuts '2 0 4
Peaches (pummet) '2 6 ti
Apricots
Green Gages .. 1 6 '2 r
Orleans Plums

s. d. s. d.
Potatoes (cwt.)
Cetages (12 heads) 0 6 1 0
Ditto Red 1 3 2 6
Cauliflowers 0 9 1 6
Horse Radish(bundle) 4 0 6 0
Celery 0 8 1 6
Carrots ',l2bunches) 3 0 6 0
Turnips
Onions 2 0 3 6
Coleworts or Greens 1 0 1 6
Leeks 1 0 1 6
For. Grapes (per lb.) 0 8 2 6
English, Forced 2 0 3 6
Pine Apples (lb.)
Filberts 0 4 0 8
Cucumbers (brace) 0 1 0
Mulberries (pottle)
Mushrooms
Melons (each)....
Elderberries (bushel) 3 0 3 6
English liazlenuts 3 0 4 0
