Sion, not to pay court to titled men, or men of talent, or men
whew ancestral dignity claimed from them a servile adulation,
and mean and crouching support. They had met there as
equals to pay court to those who were of far greater import-
ance to the State than any Lord or Queen in the universe.—
Cheers.) They were met to do honour to those by whose
punishment the base Whigs hoped to have crushed the work-
ing classes into the dust.—(Cheers.) The toast which he
-was about to propose was "The five Glasgow cotton-spinners
-slow lying in the hulks, and may the speedily be returned to
their wives and families."—(Great cheering.) Was it not a
strange anomaly, that at that moment in the height of their
triumph, five men were lying in the hulks branded with the
same false accusations ? They had this day shown that al.
though the visit of the Monarch to the City had drawn a great
multitude together, yet that there were those amongst them-
selves who, when they became the victims of tyranny and
oppression, could congregate together as vast a multi-
tude as any that ever distinguished a public occasion.
The Morning Advertiser of last week had said they
were very sorry that they were going to have a pro-
cession, for it would look like a triumph—they wanted
them to husband their resources for occasions of conse-
quence like the Reform Bill. They wished them to keep
themselves by for occasions when they could cry out and give
their sweet breaths for the Whigs. They (the working
classes) however, had that day taught them a lesson : they had
taught them, that when any of their body oppressed they could
make a demonstration—they could come out in double the
numbers of what they did when the Queen went to the city,
and yet preserve the utmost order without either soldiers or
police to keep them in awe.—( Loud cheers.) But how much
their happiness, natural upon such an occasion, was damped
when they thought of their five brethren, the Glasgow cotton
spinners, then lying in the hulks. It was their duty to go on,
and not to slack in their endeavours until they had got restored
to their wives and families those five honest and persecuted men.
They
_must not, however, even be contented with that ;
they must go on pulling together until they had put an end
to the system altogether. They must go on until they had a
share in the representation.—( Cheers.) Dr. Wade desierd
him to say that in one thing he had not done justice
to Lord Brougham, who had most ably persecuted the Whigs
for their conduct to the Glasgow cotton-spinners. He (Mr.
V.) wished to see thn time when the people would not have
to stand upon the defensive ; he wished to see them become
the assailants—he wished them to declare to the Government
that they must be allowed to have a voice in the representa-
tion—that they must have it, or they would do all in their
power to overthrow every successive one.—(Cheers.) The
time had now arrived when the people must no longer submit
to be governed by such a grovelling and sycophantic set. He
proposed the toast, which was received with the usual honours.
Mr. CAMPBELL, a cotton-spinner, returned thanks. He was
highly delighted at the reception the delegated Cotton-spin-
ners had met with in London. Although the five Cotton-
spinners had been tried and found guilty, he would venture to
say they were altogether innocent of the charge brought
against them. A similar charge had been made against him-
self by the same person through whose instrumentality his five
fellow-workmen had been convicted. Nothing, however,
could be proved against him, nor was there any thing which
in justice ought to have been proved against them. The
authorities, however, were determined to punish some one,
and for that reason they had been found guilty. They
were all members of Committees, and because they were
so they had been punished. What he would ask
would have been the fate of the Cotton-spinners, if the working
population of Great Britain had not raised its voice in their
behalf ? Why, they would have been among the things that
had passed.—(Cheers.) He thanked the people of England
for coming boldly forward on behalf of those who had been
found guilty through the exertions of a vile press.—( Cheers.)
He trusted, however, the day was not far distant, ashen the
voices of the thousands which had been successfully raised on
behalf of the Dorchester labourers would meet with
similar success for the five unfortunate Cotton-spinners
who were down on board the hulks.—(Hear, and cheers.)
The Chairman having retired some time previously, and
Dr. Weiss having been appointed locum tenens, the Rev.
Doctor proceeded to dispose of the remaining toasts upon the
list. He said the next toast was one which, if Mr. Wakley
were there, would receive, he had no doubt, his warmest ap-
probation. It was—" The Liberty of the Press." Without
an unstamped press, they never could obtain the political pri-
vileges for which they had been so long fighting. A gentle-
men reminded him of the Times ; he did not wish to run his
head against a post with the Times. No paper—none of the
public journals, advocated the procession that had taken place
that day in the manner which The Sun had done.—( Cries of
" Bravo, bravo.") In order to have a free press they must
have an unstampcd one.: If they:had that they would soon
have universal suffrage.—(Cheers.) The worthy Doctor
concluded by:proposing the " Liberty of the Unstamped Press."
Mr. CLEAVE then came forward to return thanks. He
would detain them three minutes and no longer; be would only
say, that having been prosecuted,'and havingthad the honour of
bring served with an Exchequer writ for having published
unstamped newspaper, he rejoiced for having done so. He
was proud of this day. He had sympathised with the cause
for years ; and he felt gratified and obliged at the attendances
of the ladies there that day.—(Cheers.) He would ask all,
present what they would have known cf the Doreheste
labourers but for the unstamped press. Mr. Hetheringto
j
had published the proceedings of the Committee, and he h
visited " Toll- Puddle," where be had seen the legal widows
of these unfortunate men. He only regretted that thanks had
tint been given to Mr. Hetherington for what lie had done.—
( Cries of nWe can give him thanks now.") They never
would' have universal suffrage or the rights of free power un-
less they lad an nnstamped press. Justice demanded it. It
was true they had not now the True Sun; but he was happy
to say they had The Sun, w: ich was a suitable vehicle for
their communications; and while the Courier and Adcertiser
(which ought to be theirs par excellence), and the Times, had
been denouncing the procession of that day—while thos
papers had been denouncing the procession—The Sun las
Friday manfully and handsomely commended the procession
and prophesied, as it turned out to be true, that the meeting
would be conducted with propriety and order —(Cheering.
The conductor of that excellent paper, with that tact which
ought to belong to the press, said, that he knew you %you'
conduct yourselves with that propriety that b-came so impor.
tant a qte stion.—(Cheers.) You have done so,—( Renewe
cheers)—and the proprietor of The Sun has proved hirnsel
to be a true prophet.—( Continued cheering.) The Time
suggested that there should be a review in Hyde-par '
to divert the attention of the mob, and those apostat
the _Herald and the Courier, joined in desecrating
the procession.—( Cries of No, no ; and Yes, yes.) He would
fearlessly assert that they were apostates, and if there was any
persons present who would say that the Herald was not an
apostate, he dared him to come forward then upon the platform
—(Great cheering)—ray more, if it was decorous, he would
give them the names.—( Cries of Sydney Taylor.) He wished
to Ged it was Sydney Taylor, but it was not, it was one of
thereselves—(Great hissing and cries of Bell)—while thos
apostate Journals had been decrying the j recession end th
meeting, The Sun 117 d been speaking of them in a manne
that entitled it to their warmest thanks and support. Tha
paper alone was the medium for their communications.
(Cheers.) All that they asked of the proprietors of news
papers was, that they should be a vehicle for their sentiments
and that The Sun had been, to no inconsiderable exten
The Proprietor of that Paper had published their Address t
the Working Classes of England, when every other paper h
refused to do so, and were anxious to write them down. He
cordially thanked them for the patience with which they had
beard him, and begged them to give three cheers for the mei
stamped press ; which was accordingly done.
Mr. MURPHY then came forwa-d amidst cheers and some
histes. He said he had not expected to see a Marylebone
Whig amongst them.
LThe confusion increased, and Mr. Murphy and a gentle-
man on the stage had some conversation relative to some letter
which appeared in the Morning Chronicle with his name at-
tached to it.]
Mr. Wiesoe was then called forward to make his charge
against Mr. Murphy. He said he considered Mr. Murphy as
much an apostate as either Mr. Bell, of the Herald, or any
one else; and he founded that opinion upon a letter of Mr.
Murphy's, which appeared in the Chronicle.—(Groans.)
Mr. MURPHY said if Mr. Wilson had attended to the whole
of the matter he would have been aware that the letter was a
forgery—that it bad been traced to have emanated from
Mr. Esvart's Committee, and that two of' that Com-
Committee had carried it to the Newspaper-office, and
paid for it as an advertisement.—( Cheers.) He was per-
fectly sati,fied with his conduct on the occasion of the late
election, and he was determined to pursue the same course
upon every future opportunity—(Cheers, and confusion)—and
his reason was that both Whig and Tory were alike. He
would not stand before them to flatter them that it was their
voice which had recalled the Dorchester labourers from their
slavery—it was a far higher force. It was because the King's
brother had been found to have committed the same crime,
if it was one, as they had—it was found that the Duke of
Cumberland—(Groans)—had been guilty of the same crime,
and as they would net transport, him by a compact between the
Tories and the Whigs, and even the Whig-Radicals, the Dor-
chester labourers were recalled. Much, however, had been
done by the Dorchester Committee, of which Mr. Hart-
well was the efficient secretary. He would, therefore, propose that gentleman's health.—Passed with the usual boneni
Mr. HARTWELL briefly returned thanks.
It being now nearly eight o'clock the ladies began to arrive
in great numbers, and many of the gentlemen rose and went
to receive them at the avenues as they entered. As the even-
ing became dark the gardens gradually assumed a brighter
aspect, until at length they exhibited. a blaze of splendour.
Those who possessed tickets for the ball were now admitted,
but the immense crowds who pressed forward rendered ingress
or egress a thing almost impossible. The general effect of
the illuminations of the gardens was much more striking
than usual, and the several umbrageous walks, in which in-
calculable numbers of variegated lamps were suspended, had
a very fine and brilliant effect. The fireworks were exceed-
ingly well managed, and the rockets, by the great height to
which they ascended, and their splendid explosions, excited
the utmost admiration. After the company bad retired to the
ball-room, dancing was kept up with much spirit until an early
hour in the morning, when a termination was at length put to
those festivities, which do infinite credit to the character, the
conduct, the philanthropy, and the moderation of the working
classes of London.
ffe.IVSI-'1,A'1.% , -----.....•
• n , ____------------------ - ,
' 1'..,4"--"'""."----"-Teitliiid Temperance appear to be the rage in tne
provineee the proceedings of the Tea-totallers figure in the
en country', tapers quite as frequently, and almost as amply, as
'J.' e. y4f
..../ theirs terhich St. Stephen's gives birth.
‹fti.ne.',-.? Mr:filitton has been appointed Receiver of the
-, --t-__ Ton-nsteDuties of Dover Harbour, at a salary of 2001. per
....i.
N. - . annutiOnstead of a per centage, which was the remuneration
1 hi
.12 of Mr. gbipden, who lately resigned the office.—Dover Oran.
