PORTSMOUTtI, Nov. 20.

I'. 13. Baring, Esq. has been returned us Member of
Parliament for Portsmouth, this day.

The election for Northamptonshire occasioned
by Lord ALTHORP accepting the office of Chancellor of
the Exchrquer, is fixed for the 6th of Derember.—A
meeting of his Lordship's friends took place on Wednesday
evening, at the Ram Inn, Northampton, to adopt measures
fur giving eclat to his Lordship's entrance into the town ;
and, after due deliberation, It was determined that drawing
him and his carriage into the town would partake too
much of the nature of slavery, and, consequently, that six
beautiful grey horses should be provided for the purpose ;
and as no opposition was likely to be made to his Lard-
ship's re-election, a triumphal car was ordered to be pre-
pared, in which his Lordship is to be itiawn, Hat only the
mat route on such occasions, but also through the prin-
cipal streets of the town.

A divorce is now in progress in the Scots
Reelesiiistiell Court between Miss Arm; anti Lord W.
LIN NO X .

DftUItY.LANE I'll E A TRE.--King -I°l4n
zvevub,allst
aasmioncoledreartaetelloaussethleasthoi:lisgeh, 4:11184 theif
ulttoirt:,l;
Constance wanted dignity and pathos ; her wrath Was
merely loud anger, and her sorrows only ordinary rid.
It is difficult for any but first•ruto talent to elevate Con-
signet shove scolding and crying, and we have never seen
the part more than tolerably filled since the time of the
great woman who seems likely to leave a vacuum in the
stage never to be supplied. ACRICAVIri Kboy JOAft is
like all his other
,characters in nearly every respect but
habiliments. Ile looked deplorably, and his wig was
wietchedly out of curl, and the hair so stiff; that it stuck
out from under his crown like a bundle of culinary con.
soerVators, vulgar?. called 'skewers, or, to. !Teak more
poetically,, like of the poroupitw, In his scene with
..fittherithere Was a vast deal too much face-making Anti
otailatt.' Wait.a6c's Palconbritlyi Was very spirited,
but too maggoty".
