NORTHUMBERLAND ELECTION.

- -
lilt. BEAUMONT'S SPEECH at the FINAL
CLosE OF THE POLL, on THUESDAY, JULY 6, 1826.
Gum:mm-1 have now to address you for the last time,
probably, before the lapse of a considerable period. The diffi-
culty of my situation is very great, but perhaps not exactly on
that account which you may anticipate. It is not from being
compelled to forego those honours which I have once enjoyed--
nor is it on account of the more difficult task of sepirating myself
from kind and affectionate friends. My difficulty is great, be-
cause I undertake to prove that we have all three gained a vic-
tory. But before I enter on that subject, I must be allowed to
offer that tribute of approbation which I am sure that we are all
equally anxious to pay to the High-Sheriff, for the strict impar-
tiality and high honour with which he has conducted himself
throughout the whole of this contest. 1 am satisfied that in so
doieunegto, my sentiments only, but giving utter-
ancel
thoselm not
ofelvPak
every man
an who hears me in this numerous mem-
a
biy._(Applauses)—ln this contest there bas been much acrimo-
nious feeling, much arduous struggling both between persons of
different parties, and persons of the same political party ; and
there has rested more than ordinary difficulty upon the Sheriff to
compose this excitement, and to preserve good order. In no
case has that Hon. Gentleman swerved from the path of honour;
in all respects he has set an example to every Sheriff in the king-
domequally studied
the comforts of all the candi. a . . . as uniformly decided with
of a correct performance of his
htleuhty—he has
h roue stress upon the cause of my Gentlemen, I shall I
impartiality, and presided
never shown a disposition to complain, d ' defeat, because I have
N.yaiyth dignity.
because I am anxious not to
lt otherfeelings
irvoilluseonalnyysayoileotordtlitetthweann;
jtintughsoTeciotLet
unaninsiLyand concord. . . . . , .
owng in trielru' to
put
iisngfomr
thy deienfetaot
a; n istwi is thatanswer
t o t
hlcairtteroibuintyitfenrtihraeviin
cons . 1
a Gentleman of opposite principles to. their.situation
of
oisffothretitlheirneelirkemainintag
of their representative in this county--it
answer for having put down the only one
Candidates who was at all similar to them in political opinions, in
order to raise up one who was diametrically opposed to thern.—
(Applause)..—Mark the hypocrisy of the 11' h. V* These are the
Gentlemen who have called meetings
necessity of Parliamentary Reform, and yet they have conspired to
Tem have upon
to consider the propriety an d
lint down a Reformer,—(Great applause).--They hypocrisy -
many occasions (whether their hearts were actuated
or truth, God only knows) called meetings for the
slavery, on which subject, in common with myself' they have en-
tertainedgreat distrust of the conduct of Ministers. We areboliti
three, Mr; Liddell, Mr. Bell, and myself, advocates of the a -
tion of slivery, as, in this age, who is not ?--(Loud cheers).--
But we differ
i
Ministers,
Idisputethtehittailnacineridtytaatnisdfi Ie dissatisfied
wouldwith tatheke other means
ofns
to abolish slavery than Ministers are contented to do. These feel-
ings I have from the first expressed. The Whigs also
differ from Ministers on this subject, and yet they cons
down the only person who differs as much as they do upon the
mode of effecting that abelition.—(Applause).
The Whigs were those persons who raised their- voices most
ppirreete to pretend
pu to t
loudly against the Six Acts, as they are called, in 1819 ; yet they
now conspire to raise up a man who has declared his approbation
of that part of the administration which proposed those laws, and
who is determined to proceed in the course of praising iind snp-
Porting Minieters. They have chosen 044 Gentleman, and turned
their bitterest rage against him, whol with the sacrifice of some

TCLARK'S GENERAL OUTFITTING
• WAREHOUSE, for the. EAST and WEST INDIES
and SOUTH AMERlCA,d%Vriters going to
EXETER 'CHANGE, ,anSdTRGAenNtIDe..
Officers, Cadets, an
Gentle-
men proceeding to South America, or any other part of the
Globe, will find in this Establishment the whole of their Mili-
tary Appointments, Swords, Chaco', Sashes, Belts, Pistols, &c.
together with a large and well-manufactured stock of Sea Cots,
Couches, and Bedding ; Cabin Wash-hand Tables, Chairs, and
Lamps ; Sea Chests, Mule and Bullock Trunks, and every
necessary
SSOrletTi
other description of Travelling Equipage.
A
TEVNB, ready fitted with
the
ullisiEteaN T Oforlkt; it; lAl4and other tropical climates;
likewise likewise a great variety of Silver and Plated Articles, Knivee
and Vorka, suitable for going abroad Military and
Hindostanee Books, Maps, &c.
A FASHIONABLE STOCK of Carriage, Curricle, Tan-
dem, Phaeton, Stanhope and Chaise HARNESS, with every
description of Saddlery, Ac, eke. for home me, East and West
Indies, and South America, which merit inapection from their
excellent quality, first sty
le of workmanship, nod moderate
prices.

All the Articles in thhiEstablishinent are warranted, and the
excellent plan of fifty years standing is still strictly adhered to,
of asking but one Ready Money Price, from which no abate-
mew will be made.
