DEI'A RTU RES.

The Duke de Montebello, from Batt's Hotel, to Paris ; Mrs.
Stewart Hall, from ditto, to Southampton ; Mr. and Mrs. Pres-
ton, from ditto, to their seat near York; the Dowager Marchio-
ness of Salisbury, from Arlington-street, for Hatfield; the Earl
and Countess Spencer, from St. James's-place, for their seat,
Althorp, Northamptonshire; Mrs. and the Misses Tibbets,
from Warren's Hotel, Regent-street, for the Marquis Cornwallis's
seat, in Kent ; Mrs. and Miss Desborough, from ditto, for their
seat in Huntingdonshire; Marquis Tweedle, from ditto, for his
scat in Scotland ; Sir Alexander Muir Mackenzie, Bart., Mr.
and the Misses Mackenzie, from-ditto, for their scat in Scotland ;
Hon.'. Captain Spencer, for Althorp, Northamptonshire ; Mr.
and Mrs. C. Brownlow, on a visit to the Earl of Darnley, at his
seat, Cobham Hall, Kent; Lady Church, from Crawley's Hotel
(late Cook's), Albemarle.street, for Sudbury; Sir Lawrence and
Lady Palk, from Bruton-street, Berkeley-square, for their seat
in Devonshire; Mr. and Mrs. Gray, from the Pulteney
Hotel, Albemarle—street, for Berks ; H. Gilbert, Esq., from
ditto, on a tour ; Captain Forbes, from Hanover-square, for

I.

The Duke of WELLINGTON, Mr. Secretary
PEEL, the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, and Sir
HENRY 11/tam:GE, have during the last week paid a
vi it to BINCIIAM BARING, E%q., at Buckenham-house,
near Brandon, where they had a grand hattu on Friday
and Saturday, and the slaughter, we understand, amounted
to about 600 head of game.—Norwich :Mercury.

MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—We under-
stand that the preliminaries are arranged, and that in a
short time P. DAVIES COOKE, Esq., of Yorkshire, will
lead to the hymeneal altar, Lady HELENA KING, the
lovely daughter of the Right Hon. Earl of KINGSTON.
Mr. COOK E and his brother are now at Mi tehelstown Castle,
on a shooting party.— Cork Constitution.

- -
It is said, that where the Bishop of BATH
and WEtt,s has provided the poor with allotments of land,
the applications for relief out of the rates have ceased.—
County Chronicle.

TIIEODORE HUNT, an opulent silk merchant,
brother to THOMAS HUNT, who recently left 200,000/. to
Guy's Hospital, was on one occasion on a visit to his
brother at Petersham. During dinner, he happened to
stick his fork into a potato in the dish, when THOMAS
broke out into a violent passion, and asked THEODORE if
he thought himself in a public-house. The latter was so
greatly offended at the application, that he immediately
took his departure, and the brothers were never reconciled
to each other afterwards. THEODORE died first, and was
buried in Bunhill-fields. His property was estimated at
50,0001. The legacy bequeathed to THOMAS was 100/.
The latter was deeply disappointed, and in his will ex-
pressed a wish to be buried at Guy's Hospital, that his re-
mains might not be deposited near his brother.

On Sunday M. DE MARTIGNAC was re-
ceived at the Castle with particular marks of distinction.
The Courtiers anticipate his return to the Ministry; but
let M. DR MARTIGNAC beware. His position is delicate,
and he will lose all the present advantages of it by the
least connivance with the men whom France has for ever
repudiated. It is believed that he will put himself on the
list of candidates for the Presidency of the Chamber of
Deputies. His great talents, and the valuable qualities
which we are pleased to recognize in him, justify this pre-
tension ; but if we cannot succeed except by the support of
the extreme right, he would prepare for himself only a
shipwreck of his hopes. The lion. M. fovea COLLARD
is certainly the man who will unite the majority of votes.
Paris Letter.

Mr. T. P. COOKE seems to have taken his
nautical sketches flOyi.the.l46,#ntl if the following anec-
dotes which are related of him be true, he seems to have
experienced the vicissitudes of a sailor's life, and if he
reaped not its advantages whilst in the profession, he has
at least turned the knowledge he acquired to good account
since he quitted it :—This son of TleEsvis, when a boy
of eight years old, in consequence of seeing a nautical
spectacle at one of the theatres, imbibed a predilection for
the sea, which became very speedily gratified by a friend
of his family who commanded a ship taking him out as a
cabin-boy. In the year 1'796 he embarked on board his
Majesty's ship the Raven, and sailed immediately, via
Gibraltar, for the blockade of Toulon. Being ordered to
the Mediterranean, lie was with the Earl Sr. VINCENT in
the great and distinguished victory which gave the gallant
Admiral his title, and partook in many minor actions: the
bravery he displayed in boarding an Algerine corsair pro-
cured him the thanks of his captain, for his coolness and
intrepidity. Accident alone prevented him from being
present at the battle of Camperdown ; for, having sprung
her main-mast in a violent gale, the Raven bore away for
Cuxhaven, and, upon the coast adjacent, underwent the
horrors of being wrecked in a season of peculiar incle-
mency. For two days and ni3lits the crew of this ill-fated
vessel were subject to incredible misery. The cold was
intense; and while clinging to the fragments of the shat-
tered ship, many brave seamen, wasted with toil, dropped
in the chillness of death to a dirk stormy grave. Mr.
COOKE contrived, by dint of great exertion, to reach the
shore alive, when, being carried to a barn adjacent, he was
recovered, and soon after was sent home. The fatigue he
underwent during the calamity bad impaired his health,
and he became severely afflicted with a rheumatic fever,
which, from its long duration, had nearly proved fatal.
When recovered he listened to the wishes of his friends,
and left the Royal Navy, being at that time rated as a
Midshipman.

LITERATU F.

FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW.—No. IX.

This is a remarkably good Number, full of
• variety, information, and amusement. If it have
any defect, it is that the majority of the articles
are a little too long, a little—notwithstanding
the useful character of their intelligence—too
much spun out. The leading paper, entitled
" Bourrienne's Memoirs of Napoleon," is a
temperate and impartial analysis of that most
entertaining production. Notwithstanding the
hacknied nature of the subject, the article is full
of novel facts, brought forward and argued upon
in a sensible and business-like style. The ob-
servations upon Bourrienne's account of Bona-
parte's conduct at the Assembly of Ancients,
and that of the Five Hundred, are particularly
intelligent, and to the point. This was the great
crisis in the Emperor's life, the one in which he
hazarded most with the greatest probability of
losing all. A word from the President would
have destroyed all. That word was not spoken,
and he was safe. Nothing, however, could equal
his indecision, indeed we might almost say, his
personal apprehensions, on this memorable occa-
sion. He entered the Assembly with the avowed
intention of paralysing it, and was himself the
only one paralysed in it. Had the Directory
possessed one spark of moral influence, Napo-
leon must have perished on the scaffold. But
depraved, imbecile, prejudiced, jealous of their
authority, yet without the means of confirming
it, they fell an easy prey, even to the clumsy
machinations of so great a bungler as Napoleon
then, for the first time, proved himself to be.
How different was the conduct of Cromwell on
a similar emergency ! Cool, wary, intrepid, he
struck the decisive blow with the utmost
energy of purpose, even though opposed
to a House of Commons, which, though de-
generate, was a thousand times superior, both in
moral and intellectual worth to the feeble repub- ,

lican government of France. But as a states-
man, Napoleon must certainly be pronounced
inferior to Cromwell. " The Present State of
Spain " contains many valuable practical remarks
on the existing state of that impoverished coun-
try, than which, according to the Reviewer,
nothing can be horse. Manufactures destroyed
or annihilated ; agriculture in the lowest pos-
sible state of depression ; property, whether
public or private, precarious and insecure ; reli-
gion worn as a cloak only to shelter the most
shameless venality ; a due administration of the
laws unknown ;—nothing can more effectually
point out the inevitable results of despotism, than
the present anomalous condition of this once
prosperous and always fruitful land. In his ac-
count of the state of crime in Spain, the Reviewer
has the following observations :

" STATE or Cnxaxg.—Assassinations and highway rob-
bery are the crimes most complained of.
" The administration of justice is extremely slow and
uncertain, occasioned by the privilege of appeal on the
most trivial grounds, and partly, as many allege, and we
believe truly, by the corruption of the judges, who are no-

toriously subject to the influences of wealth and power.
The consequence is that, in most instances, individuals
prefer submitting to an injury rather tha❑ risk a suit.
" The system of legislation, with respect to criminal
matters, is as bad as possible. A person robbed or as-
saulted is bOund not only to prosecute, -but, if unsuccest---
ful, to pay all expences; and is, indeed, forced to lodge a
sum of money with the alcalde before any steps are taken
in the business. In cases of murder and assassination
witnesses are afraid to come forward, as it very often hap-
pens that they are imprisoned, until they establish their
innocence. But even when braving all these dangers, in..
diviiluals boldly denounce a crime, there are at least five
chances to one that the culprit escapes from prison, or
compounds his felony with the judges ; and in that case
the accusers have every thing to dread from the vengeance
of the criminal. The banditti are numerous and power-
ful ; not only over-awing those amongst whom they live,
but keeping all the petty aleahles in their pay; so that
they are enabled to prosecute their murderous career with
impunity. Even wken a robber or assassin has been con-
victed end sentenced, there is no certainty that punish-
ment will follow. Thus, from execrable laws, still more
execrably administered, it is commonly said in Spain, that
not one crime out of ten is ever brought before the courts.
We believe, indeed, that this proportion is over-rated ;
but if we take it at one in three or four, we shall not cer-
tainly be beyond the mark.
" The late chief of a gang of banditti, which kept the
south of Spain in terror, is now protector of the diligence
from Aranjuez to Seville. We have been told, that the
produce of a year's robbery by himself and a numerous
party, amounted, all deductions made, to only fourteen
dollars. The great expense was incurred in bribing the
alcaldes, and inferior officers and soldiers. In the south
and east the carriers and muleteers pay a regular contri-
bution to the banditti who infest their routes; by this
means ensuring their own safe passage, as well as that of
the goods and passengers entrusted to their care. This
contribution costs from two to ten pounds a quarter, ac-
cording to the number of men and mules employed.
These conventions are very rarely broken."
" Greek Romance," is an account of most of
the old Greek productions of this nature, which is
more entertaining than useful. We have a curi-
ous, but brief, biography of some of the earliest
romancers, whose works, however, with the high
exception of that incomparable satirist, Lucian,
are to be admired rather for their quaint absur-
dities, than for the richness of their invention,
or the sterling qualities of their style. The sun
of-the classic Greek literature was low in..the
West, ere the small stars of the romancers be_
gan to twinkle in the horizon. " Dialects and
Literature of Southern Italy " gives some valu-
able details on a subject as yet unhacknied. The
sketchy anabsis of Meli's Odes (the Anacreon,
as he is styled, of Southern Italy) teems with
interest. " Pacho's Travels in Marmarica and
Cyrenaica " abounds in entertaining details re-
specting a country " in which "—to use the
words of the Reviewer—" the sight of a tree is
a phenomenon." " Early Roman History" is
elaborately written, and displays an evident
anxiety on the part of the learned writer to sift
the truth from the falsehood, in a history the
early part of which abounds in the most pre-
posterous fables, many of which, consecrated by
the genius of that chivalrous and imaginative
annalist Livy—the Walter Scott of the Latin
Chronicles—have become time-honoured and

arc not to be refuted. " Notice of M. Dumont"
is an elegantly penned eulogium on a learned
Genevese gentleman, who was for years a dweller
in England, enjoying the society of its noblest
and most intellectual classes. From the quality
. of its panegyric, which is exuberant to profusion,

we coiti;.l.l. the popular opinion that has
attributed i hip ::;ti!e to the experienced pen of
Sir .1. Mlntosh.

EDWARDS'S BOTANICAL REGISTER,

OR ORNAMENTAL FLOWER CARDEN AND SHRUBBERY,

Continuer] by JOHN LINDLF.Y, Esq.

Professor of Botany in the Univert,ity of London --- No. 10,

Vol. 11. New Series, Coloured Plates.

This Number contains Mr. l3entham's very
valuable and interesting characters of the genera
Labiatx, an article replete w ith information of
the greatest importance to the Botanist. From
the choice and rich collection of Robert Barclay,
Esq. of Bury Hill, is figured a fine specimen of
" Fuchsia thymifolio," a native of high land in
Mexico. Humboldt observed it near Pazcuaco,
at an elevation of about six thousand feet.
Although, properly speaking, it is only a half-
hardy shrub, yet, like most of the other Mexican
species of this interesting genus, there is little
doubt but it will endure our winters in the open
border, with the protection of slight covering.
If it be not covered at all, the root should be
planted deep in the ground, and as winter ad-
vances, the mould raised and pressed round the
branches so as to exclude the air ; with this pre-
caution it will be much stronger, and the blos-
soms larger in the ensuing year. It flowers
continually during all the summer months, the
blossoms being at first of a purple-greenish rose-
colour, gradually changing to deep red, so that
there are many different hues upon the plant at
the. same time. It is propagated readily by
cuttings. We pass the two handsome " Pent-
stemons" as well as the " Microstylis" and
" Dendrobium," and two others, in order to
notice at greater length the remarks introduced
into the description of a figure of " Isopogon
formosus," a handsome green-house shrub from
the west coast of New Holland, blossoming in
July, and propagated by ripened cuttings, struck
under a bell-glass. " This plant," says the Pro-
fessor Lindley, " the most beautiful of its genus,
is said to have been introduced so long since as
the year 1805 to the Kew Garden. As f►r,
however, as the public is concerned, the date of
its introduction may be more properly fixed in
1824, when it was raised by Mr. Mackay,
from seeds collected in the neighbourhood of
Lucky Bay, by Mr. Baxter, on his first visit to
the coast of New Holland. It is right, that in
all questions about the period at which plants
have been introduced, this distinction should be
borne in mind, and that the world should be
aware that the introduction of a plant to his
ajesty's garden at Kew is a very different
affair from its introduction to Great Britain. An
object cannot be properly said to be introduced
from one country to another, unless it is after-
wards disseminated by such means as the intro-
ducer possesses ; a practice which is adopted in
every establishment in the world, save in that
one which ought to set an example to all
others."

RAILWAYS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Silt,—Having read a letter, signed " Alpha,"
in The Sun of 20th instant, I beg leave to for-
ward you the enclosed circulars, and to solicit
your particular attention to No. 5. I have for-
warded these papers to all parts of the kingdom,
and perhaps you may do me the favour to let
" Alpha" see them.
_ _ _

Your constant reader, and obedient servant,
THOMAS GRAY,
The original Projector of the Railway scheme.
Nottingham, Nov. 21, 1829.

(No. 3.)
SUMMARY OF THE NATIONAL ADVANTAGES TO BE

DERIVED FROM RAILWAYS, VIEWED IN COMPARI-

SON WITH TILE THREE-FOLD SYSTEM OF CONVEY-

ANCE BY TURNPIKE-ROADS, CANALS, AND COAST-

ING VESSELS.
To the EDITOR of the NOTTINGHANI REVIEW.

SlR,—The capital required for railways will be
much less than that required for canals, whilst the
former would attract the revenue of all our present
systems of conveyance, on account of the superior
economy and speed which railways would daily
afford to every branch of our internal commerce.
The rapid returns on the less outlay of capital
cannot fail to excite the attention of persons inte-
rested in turnpike-roads, canals, and coasting ves-
sels, who might participate in this measure in com-
mon with the rest of society; for no injury could
arise to canals, &c. until railways shall yield a
much more abundant return for the capital invested
in them. Whatever can be saved to the public by
the introduction of any superior method of internal
communication, must be deserving of universal con-
sideration ; but as no national view has yet been
taken of this measure, the general interests of the
people are overlooked, or sacrificed to inferior
systems.
The annual expense incurred by turnpike-roads
and canals exceeds the whole amount required for
the construction of a general iron railway. The
capital sunk in horses is buried with the carcases of
these animals every four or five years. The annual
expense of the repairs of roads is enormous; and the
turnpike-roads of this country are already burdened
with an accumulating debt of seven millions.
One locomotive steam-engine, which would re-
main in efficient operation for a number of years,
will daily perform the work of several hundred
horses ; the original construction of a railway is
much less expensive than a canal—its annual repairs
less than those of the common road, although the
traffic upon the railway should be ten times that
upon roads and canals.
The locomotive engine would effect as much every
day upon a railway, as four canal-boats carrying
30 tons each, or as one boat in four days ; a boat is
delayed five minutes at each canal lock ; a railway
has no such impediment, nor can it be effected by
frost, drought, or flood. The annual work done
upon canals will fall short of twelve hours each day,
the railway would admit of coaches, caravans, and
waggons, working day and night the year through.
The intolerable delay attending the conveyance of
goods by coasting vessels, the time lost in waiting
for tides and fair winds, the melancholy wrecks on
all our coasts every winter, the expense of insurance,
risk of capture in dine of war, all tend to render our
present system of commercial intercourse oppressive
and ruinous.

By a railway every commercial transaction
throughout Great Britain and Ireland, would be
promoted by the greatest economy and facility; all
merchandise of whatever description, which is now
forwarded coastways, and all the Irish trade to Lon-
don W sent round the Land's-End, would be for-
warded at one-half the expense and in one-half the
time, without encountering risk of damage from sea,
or capture by an enemy in time of war ; hence all
insurance and the vexatious lawsuits attendant
thereon, might be saved on every commercial transac-
tion wiihin Great Britain and Ireland. Notwith-
standing the boasted speed with which steam-
packets make the passage from London to Scotland,

it would be found, if we reckon the time required
for the extremely circuitous course by sea, that the
journey by railway would be performed in one-half
the time.

A steam-packet carries two engines of immense
powo.r, whereas the passengers and merchandise it
conveys might, be transported on railways by one
locomotive steam-engine of much less power.
The coal and corn trades form the most import-
ant feature of our internal commerce, and the ad-
vantages which these would derive from the intro-
duction of railways are incalculable. The coal an-
nually consumed in London alone amounts nearly to
two million chaldrons, and there can he no doubt
that were this article considerably reduced in price
in the capital, that the consumption thereof would
soon reach double this quantity. The collier avers
ages, perhaps a voyage in each month, and returns
from London in ballast. The locomotive engine
would impel a gang of coal waggon, carrying the
full freight of a collier, from Newcastle to London
in three days, and return with the waggons loaded
for the different districts through which the railway
might pass, making the whole journey from New-
castle to London and back again in one week,
yielding annually the profits of fifty-two journies in
lieu of twelve voyages. The voyage by sea in
about 500 miles, by the railway the distance wili
be reduced nearly to 200 miles.
By the establishment of a grand trunk railway
from London to Edinburgh, every branch of trade
would be greatly improved; the distance between
these two capitals is about 400 miles, and supposing
that each mile of railway should cost 12,000/., this
undertaking would require a capital of 4,800,000/.,
and in order to show the immense benefit to be de-
rived annually from it, let us calculate the probable
revenue at the lowest estimate.

Coal from Newcastle, 2,000,000 cbahlrons

at ss.
.Manufactures from Scotland, Lanca'hire, and
Yorkshire, cattle, corn, glass, lead, iron,

stone, fish, vegetables, &C. &c..
Colonial produce from the East Indi.ir West

500,000

500,000

500,000

India, and London Ducks, hops, porter,
manures, &c. &c
Conveyance of passengers on the whole line,
in each direction, parcels, and correspond-
ence

£1,700,000

When we contemplate the millions of tons of
merchandise which would annually circulate in each
direction along this grand trunk (as it will of course
be intersected by branch railways, so as to connect
it with all populous districts), it is more than pro-
bable that the revenue would be double or equal to
50 per cent. on the outlay of capital. But the
manifold benefits which this measure would throw
open to the general commerce of London, and
throughout the interior of the country, can oidy be
justly appreciated when they become universally
known and understood.

The recent attempts made to run steam car-
riages on the common turnpike roads, have not only
proved unsuccessful, but altogether impracticable;
and had the most sanguine expectations of the pro-
jectors of them been realized, still time would have
proved that mechanical power will always produce
ten times the effect on railways. I am, &c.

THOMAS GRAY.

Nottingham, May 27, 182 S.

(No. 4.)
THE LONDON COAL TRADE.

The skill and science of this enlightened age will
appear rather questionable, when we see what the
poor inhabitants of the capital pay for every neces-
sary and convenience of life, and nothing shews more
plainly the total disregard to economy, than the cir-
cuitous routes adopted for supplying the metropolis
with lady food ; it draws its supply of coal also from
a distance of four or five hundred miles, rather than
encourage the mines within one hundred ! !
The congregated mass of individuals in the capital,
aided by the designing members of their corporation,
suppose that coal is necessarily dearer in the metro-
polis than in other large cities; whereas the very
reverse would be the case, were honesty and troth
allowed their proper share of influence, in the direc-
tion of those who superintend the administration of
municipal affairs, for then every encouragement
would be given to free competition in every trade,
and coal would be sold in London at one half the
present price.—l am aware the corporation are op-
posed to this scheme merely from corrupt princi-
ples; yet, this is the corporation who press forward
for reform in Parliament, and for the abolition of
slavery ! !
1 hope the citizens of London may see the pro-
priety of supporting this measure ; the price of
coal in the capital has always been a great curse
upon its poor inhabitants, and now that the times
present a favourable opportunity for supplying them
at one-half the expense, surely those individuals,
who have so frequently subscribed their names to
public charities, will not now belie those acts of
benevolence, by withholding their influence in sup-
port of a measure of permanent benefit, not only to
the poor, but to the whole population of our vast
metropolis. What strange anomalies in our civil
government—societies for the encouragement of arts
and sciences, of commerce and agriculture; yet,
how few individuals, who propose or project useful
improvements or inventions, meet with assistance or
encouragement
Charitable institutions for the relief of the poor,
at a time when the most cruel exactions, of ten
times the amount of all our Christian charities, are
wrung out of the necessities of these very objects of
charity !!
I am also perfectly aware that the opponents of
this measure will advance the old humdrum com-
plaint, that our nursery for seamen would be se-
riously injured by this novel scheme, but, in or-
der not to waste more time than the subject de-
serves, let it suffice to remark, that these sticklers
for the good old times will find, that in propor-
tion as we improve our internal communication,
we also improve every branch both of our home
and foreign trade : surely our trade to the East
and West Indies, North and • South America, our
trade in Europe, and our fisheries both at home
and abroad, afford a pretty extensive nursery for
our seamen, without being in the least apprehen.
sive of any injurious consequences, which may be
predicted, from a discontinuance of sending coal
coastways; the very limited number of hands em-
ployed on board our colliers, would afford but
trilling augmentation to our fleets, in case of war, if
we deduct the number of those who claim exemption
from the King's service, such as captains, appren-
tices, and carpenters. The truth of the whole mat-
ter lies in little compass—none but those, whose
particular interests might be affected, and those who
have fattened out of the old system, would sound
the trumpet of allirm ; the public may now, how-
ever, pay them off in their own coin, by supporting
its own interest, just in the same manner as those
kind friends who feel such a deep interest in the
nursery for our seamen !—The proprietors of coal
mines in the north, would be enabled to carry 04
their business without that abominable waste of
capital now sunk in shipping ; for although it may,
ultimately, be returned to them, through the 160:
price of coal in London, still this individual capital
would not be required, as the expellee of coal wag-
gons, in lieu of shipping, would be comparatively
trifling. The opening of the London market to all
the inland collieries, may form a serious °lnjection
in the minds of those gentlemen, bi 4 the convey-
ance by rail-roads would th;,o,w ppea the trade 0169
interior towns thy northern collieries; and ail
r Ya
proprietors equal
rightof moreto the
remote Londoncol
trade,.
proprietors of coal mines, in the midland counties,
have ipost
with a s souloVe
, lieries !

The proprietors of the northern collieries ~~il,
however, find their opposition of no n‘4il.-.—Do they
suppose that their selfish arguments can weigh a
feather agains; tile overwhelming influence of the
inhalAitants of the metropolis, and of all towns In the
south of England ? Will they dare to erect their
puny heads against such a phalanx ? In this en.
lightened age, will the millions of consumers of coal,

corn, and all the necessaries of life, suLnit to the
dictates of a few arbitrary monopolists of the coal
trade ? No, indeed, all the hired sophistry which
they may advance will soon be brushed away, it is
• nothing but the indifference, or the ignorance of the
public respecting this glad, which prevents the mea-
sure from making greater progress ; let the inhabi-
tants of London only once get a proper insight, and
thorough knowledge of this scheme, and then all
opposition will not only soon be frustrate], but our
enemies will be borne down by the torrent of natio-
nal: conviction.—Setting aside the coal trivie alto-
gether ; the interest of the inhabitants of popu-
lous districts throughout the country, and the impor-
tance of their daily intercourse with the metropolis,
will be found sufficiently formidable to arrest the
selfish interference of any compact of corporate
bodies, or of any companies whatsoever, and to con-
vince them of their own insignificance, when weighed
in the scales of national justice.
THOMAS GRAY.
Nottingham, Sept. 5, 1828.

(No. 5.)
ON LOCOMOTIVE STEAM-ENGINES AND INCLINED

PLANES.

After the many years of experience, and the
daily proofs of the wonderful power of the steam-
engine, which gives motion to the whole machinery
in every room of a manufactory, and the certainty,
speed, and safety with which steam-vessels navigate
the sea, the man who can now hesitate to recom-
mend the general application of the same power, in
lieu of horses, to our inland conveyance, must be
pitied for his ignorance or despised for his obstinacy.
Moreover, after the demonstration of the utility of
the locomotive steam-engine on land, daily proved
by Blenkinsop, ever since the year 1811, it will re-
quire more than human ingenuity to form an apo-
logy or explanation, how and where the eminent
engineers of London have been exhibiting their
skill. For the conveyance of merchandize it will,
eventually, be found that no system presents the
economy and facility of transport as that of Mr. Blen-
kinsop, in this opinion I am even supporte.l by the
remarks of those very persons who profess to advo-
cate the system of working the locomotive steam-
engine solely by friction. Railways might be so
constructed that vehicles heavily laden should be
impelled by the adhesion of the wheels of the loco-
motive engine to the rails, and also by the power of
its traction upon the cog-rail. Vehicles of lighter
burden might be impelled by friction; for instance,
mail and stage coaches, carrying comparatively little
weight, and requiring great speed, might all be im-
pelled by means of the adhesion to the rail, without
having recourse to the cog-rail. By the additional
aid of the cog-rail, the whole power of the loco—
motive engine may be most effectually and most eco-
nomically employed ; whereas on working the en-
gine solely by friction, we can only calculate upon a
power in proportion to the weight of the engine,
and should the loaded waggons attached to the lo •
comotive engine exceed the proportionate di aught of
the engine working by friction or tuilie ion, tile
wheel thereof would revolve without advancing;
the friction or adhesion of the wheel to the rail va-
ries with the weather, and, in a country like this,
nothing can be more variable. By meats of the
cog-rail, one locomotive engine would effect as much
or more than two engines impelled solely by the ad-
hesion of the wheels to the rail, but in order to
form a correct estimate of the true economy of the
cog-rail, it will be necessary to ascertain the amount
of annual tonnage on any given line of rail-wad of
considerable extent, and by making an expel iment
with the cog-rail, it will be found how mach more
may be accomplished by one locomotive engine work-
ing on this principle, than by several whose opera-
tion shall be confined to friction or adhesion. As

the transport or conveyance of merchandizc, cattle,
and live stock of every kind, will be found:of infi-
nitely more importance in a national point of view,
than the conveyance of passengers or correspondence,
it cannot be supposed that these considerations will
be overlooked whenever this scheme shall arrest
public attention.
fear lest the public should be persuaded to

follow the plans adopted in the collieries, by having
recourse to inclined planes, stationary steam-engines,
or the reciprocating steam-engine, all which may
be useful in small private concerns, or %%mre the
coal trade is the only business carried on; but; on
rail-ways for national purposes, they should be
avoided as much as possible for this plain reason
the multiplicity of machinery—the consequent ex-
pense attending the annual waste of capital, and the
accidents which would unavoidably occur from their
general adoption on public lines of read, are quite
sufficient to arrest the attention of companies, in
order to consider well before they commence laying
down the rails.

As there appears, however, a disposition to esta-
blish inclined planes, with stationary steam•engines,
rather than incur the expense of levelling the whole
road in a direct line, it becomes my duty to offer a
few more remarks in opposition to this course, which
would multiply the number of steam•engines in ura
excessive degree. It is my humble opinion that:
the number of engines likely to be required an thr2
inclined planes, would, if converted int's loc;onroOve
engines, very shortly defray the expense of levelling
the whole line of road in every direction. Thu
question is not, what a stationary engine r.,ay do as
an auxiliary, but how much more effeet,'.ve the power
when employed as a locomotive engine ? Moreover,
the number of stationary engines required, should in-
dined planes be resorted to, would, if converted
into locomotive engines, be sadlicienr for the com-
merce of the country.

There will be other and more serious objections
to inclined plarL's, besides those which present them-
selves on the first opening of these new communi-
cations between town and town ; for, as the system
becomes general, it will be found that the derange-
ment of any of the multifarious machinery belong-
ing to stationary steam engines (which will occur at
times, in the same manner as in all works of a
similar nature) would have the consequence of ex-
tending its effect throughout the whole line of
communication with which they may be connected,
As far as the transport of merchandize may be im-

pedcd, the evil would only be the same as is now
commonly suffered from canals, but when the con-
veyance of passengers or correspondence shall be
taken into consideration, the ollieetions to inclined
planes became strong, if not insuperable.
A multiplicity of machinery is the great ev't to
be avoided, and experience teaches us that OK; daily
expense may 'no diminished in proportiott as out
power is simplified and concentrated.
Why should we study mathemr.cics or mechanics,
unless the demonstrations they unfold be practically
applied to our internal resources ; the knowledge of
these branches of science is not worth the applica-.
tion merely as an uevirement or pastime; the
vul-
ture of the mind, like that of the earth, can only be
attested by a plentiful production.
THOMAS GRAY,
'
Author of " Observa:ions on a Genera
Iron P.aikvav, &e."
Nottingham, Aug. 1,182 Q,

TYPHUS Fpygn.—We are sorry to state that
this dreaclft;l disease is now very prevalent in Carlisle._
There re at present nineteen patients in the Fever House.
Carlisle Jo 14 rtia,).

SIMPIN.G TRADE.—During the week most
of the Baltic trailers have arrived in gaiety, and they have
experienced dreadful weather on the voyage home. The
frost hail commenced so early as the Ist ult., so that seve-
ral of the ves,tels had went dawn. The weather was par-
,rnt:ift.
ey ,
aut.
ehgi
aprpe\r‘i,faalrsti.)l::.u:
ticularly severe about the t.,Oth, snd reports of loss of seve-
ral ships were current at the Sound. The Adventurer,
Captain AbamsoN has no par.:
Ca;.:'.ain ADAMSON, just arrived from Riga, has In onOit
the intelligence of the loss sf the Sir James Craig,
he
ojt
titularss(Tc(of;al farther hffo tnTfa lasts
t ,81 lei" d telr t the crew were saved, and that it
was reported at Elsjnoze that the rigging and .saiis woadd
be got out of the wreck. The vis,els returned are, upon
the whole, well leade 1 with g eargces of Russialt
produce.— ScoOntott•

•~,

r. e,
a : t`44- •
•j

• ,
, •
• IC_C;

PIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The Bishop of Ferns and Lord Mounteashel
are at it still. We had not room for the last
letter of the Noble Earl, nor can we find any for
that of his Right Reverend and Learned anta-
gonist. The fact is, that it was a good thing to
(Ten such a controversy, for the sake of drawing
Loth public and legislative attention to a most
important subject ; but that it might have been
NI ell, likewie, to discontinue it before the minds
of men had been wearied into an utter distaste
toward the name of Church abuses. The Bishop's
present epistle is sharp and peremptory—a little
sore, perhaps, on some points,—logical in its
forms of argument, however loose here and there
.in the substance,—violent, as before, against the
petitioners of 1628,—coutemptuous towards the
good but somewhat feeble Archbishop Abbott,
—passing cautiously over the question of Laud's
" prudence," but confident in the Protestantism of
that harsh, overbearing, and offensive prelate,—
dexterous in supposing cases where unions "may"
be defensible,—and furiously indignant at the
notion of Clergymen paying " first fruits" to the
fail value of the benefice, which his Lordship
characteristically enough denominates " a most
absurd impost ;"—these, with an:allusion to, but
no explanation of, the fact of his Lordship run-
ning his life against two leases under the see of
Ferns, a topic, the mention of which by Lord
I'dounteashel seems greatly to have irritated the
Right Rev. Lord, form the most conspicuous
points of a letter containing several newspaper
columns.— Times.
At a meeting of the Society for the Improve-
ment of Iceland, lately held in Dublin, the Sub-
etting Act became the subject of discussion.
1.-Olr. O'Connell urged strongly the revision of
thia Act, and it seemed to be agreed on all
hands that it required amendment. Lord Clon-
curry on this occasion entered into some details,
which are instructive as to the peculiarities in
the social state of Ireland:—
" They should auggest (he observed) to the Le-
gislature such amendments as would make the Act
unobjectionable. The causes which produced the
Act might he shortly stated. It often happened
that the landlords let out tracts of land to per-
sons for whom they entertained a regard, on spe-
cified terms—he would suppose 1/. per acre; and
it generally occurred that a condition was inserted
in the lease, prohibiting the tenant from allocating
or sub-letting the land The rapid increase of po-
pulation, the almost total absence of manufactures,
limiting employment to agriculture, rendered land
the only object of speculation for industry ; and the
tenant, yielding to the increasing demand, sub-let at
21., 5/., or 101., as the case may be, the land for
which he himself paid but one. Here there was
an evident breach of contract, and the question
was brought before the Courts in Dublin, or at
the Assizes. The juries, probably tenants them-
selves, and the Judges, many of them sprung
from amongst the middlemen, decided in favour of
leases for land so let in breach of the original con-
tract, signed by both parties with their eye' open,
because the receipt of one year's rent by the land-
lord was a waiver of his covenant to prevent sub-
letting. But this was not the only evil. A greater
hardship was, that the head landlord, failing in ob-
taining his rent from the middleman, resorted to the
land, and drove and canted the wretched occupants,
who were thus obliged again to pay the rent which they
had already paid to the middleman.—(lleac.)—These
were great evils—and if the Act, which he had with him
were ''deliberataly discussed, it would be found that
nine-tenths of its provisions were good, and that no-
thing but breaches of contract had rendered it neces-
sary. It might, as he before said, be considered
ungracious for him to defend this Act ; but he prided
himself upon being one of the people, warmly at-
tached to their interests, and he had never, in any
instance, acted under the Sub-letting Act, nor should
he ever du ,so.—(Cries of hear.)—Upwards of 40
years ego his father had let a conaiderable portion
of his estate hi tlma county of Limerick, in farms of
200 or :3.'00 acres, at one pound an acre, with a con-
dition in the lease against sttb-letting, under a penalty
of doubling the rent. When he (Lord C.) came into
possession those leases were nearly expired; and
when he went down to the estate, he found the
farms of 200 acres inhabited by from 40 to 100
persons. This was a great injury to the property ;
but, nevertheless, he was determined not to act with
harshness or inhumanity. It was his right, as the
leases were expired, to turn off the tenantry, but he
did not do so; he made them leases at a consider-
ably reduced rent from what they paid the middle-
may, who, as the original breaker of the contract, was
got rid of. From that time he received his rents
regularly; and when the county of Limerick was in
,tote of disturbance, that particular district was
pet fectly tranquil."
If the Sub-letting Act could put a stop to
the practice, so prevalent in Ireland, of sub-
letting lend at a protit rent, it would unquestion-
ably be paoduetive of great benefit. nut under
the circumstances gated by Lord Cloneurry, of
a constantly increasing demand for land to meet
the wants of a rapidly increasing population,
wholly dependent on agriculture, It will always
be d inlet:it to carry the law into execution. It is,
no doubt, extremely hard on Lord Cloneurry,
on any other landlord, who lets a farm of 200
or 300 acres to one person, at one pound an
acre, with a condition in the lease against sub-
letting, under a penalty of doubling the rent, to
find the farm, notwithstanding such covenant,
inhabited by' a hundred persons, paying a high
p:ofit rent to a middleman. But where, from
the constantly increasing demand for lands it can
always be let at a profit rent, so long as thie
state of things continues, ways and means will
be found to evade the law. At the same
time it is but fair to admit that it ifs .difficult
to conceive so general a complaint would be
wade against the Sub-letting Act, were there not
strong apprehensions entertained of its operation.
'The cause of the necessity for the Sub-letting,
Act is the rapidly increasing population, which irn•
eicaaes the demand for land, and enables the te-
nant to sub-let at a profit rent. Why is it that
in England the tenant cannot sub-let at a profit
lent ? If au English tenant could, by sub-
letting the land for which he pays 11., obtLi
St., 51., or 101. the acre, there can be no ques-
tion that he would imitate the Irish middleman,
for who would not prefer a large profit rent,
without outlay or trouble, to the being hiss; ell
a cultivator, subject to all the casualties of farm-
ing ? But the Englishman who obtains a
lease of land cannot sub-let it at a profit
rent. The. increase of rural population, eo
far from making itself be felt in an increase
of rent, by increasing the poor's rates lowers the
rent, and furnishes a constant motive fur throw-
ing down buildings and uniting farms, rather
than parcelling them out. Were it not for the
poor's rates, an increasing population would pro-
duce precisely the same effects in England which
it does in Ireland. But the competition for lend
as a condition of existence is here prevented
by the poor laws ; and the small tenant,
cultivating under great disadvantages compared
with the tenant of capital, is less liable to bear
the burdens on the land ; so that so far from
small tenants being able to pay a profit rent, the
tendency, as we have said, is the other way, to
consolidate rather than divide. The introduc-
tion of Poor Laws into Ireland will, no doubt,
open a door to considerable abuses ; but it is

with this as with everything else, and we must
decide for the course which, upon the whole,
promises to be productive of the least evil.
Jobbing is to be expected. But the burden on
land increasing with the wants of the population,
the system of sub-letting at a profit rent will be
knocked on the head ; and when a landlord lets
a farm at a fair rent, he will have the satisfaCtion

of being assured that if the tenant do not culti-
vate it himself, be cannot derive benefit from

it
covering with a redundant population. Rents
will unquestionably be lowered, if we take the
rents now paid in Ireland by the actual cultiva-
tor as a point of comparison ; but the deduc•
tion will be principally from the share of the
middleman.—Morning Chronicle.
Some acquittals yesterday, at the Old Bai!cy,
will excite considerable attention. On the trial

of Jeremiah Reading, for having in his posses-
sion a mould for making counterfeit
Mr. C. Phillips endeavoured to show by his
cross-examination of the witnesses, that the

mould was so imperfect that shillings made from
it could not impose upon the generality of per-
sons—a circumstance required by the Act to

make good a charge against any one. The Jury
acquitted the prisoner. Mary Fitzgerald and
Catharine Connolly were next tried for a similar
offence. The Judge (Baron Vaughan), in
summing up, read a considerable portion of the
Statute under which the indictment was framed,

from which it appeared that the knowingly
possessing a mould sufficient to make a coun-
terfeit that would pass current with the ge-
nerality of the public as good was enough to
support a conviction. Again a verdict of
Not Guilty was returned. It had been
the intention of Mr. Scarlett, who con-

lucted the cases for the Crown, to proceed on

another indictment against one of the prisoners ;
but after these acquittals, Judge and Counsel

were both at sea, and a curious parley took
place with the Jury. Mr. Baron Vaughan
wished to discover what was the difficulty which
weighed with the Jury, and led to the acquittals
—whether they were not satisfied with the good-
ness of the resemblance, or did not think that

the evidence was defective as to the mould being
in the possession of the prisoners. It certainly,
he observed, appeared to him to be sufficient
that the mould should bear a general impression

and similitude to the lawful coin of the realm,

without being perfect in all its parts. It ap-
peared fro►n the dialogue that the Jury were not
altogether satisfied with the evidence in the se-
cond case, as the prisoners were not locked in,

and they looked with some suspicion on the
landlady, as the prisoners did not make any stir
till she spoke to them in Irish. However, the
part that seemed to weigh most with them in
both cases, was the imperfection of the moulds.
Before leaving the box, they said they wished
to acquaint their Lordships that the reason of
their acquitting the first prisoner tried was,
that the mould found in his possession was
so imperfect, that no person using ordinary
caution could be deceived by shillings made in it.
Mr. Scarlett felt indignant at the acquittals, and
did not proceed with a third indictment, ob-
serving that it was impossible to produce stronger
evidence. It is certainly usual for persons em-
ployed in any unlawful occupation, to take the
precaution of securing the door ; but though
the circumstance of a door being secured, and
instruments for coining being discovered on its
being broken open, leave little doubt of the guilt
of the parties found in the room, it does not fol-
low that when persons are discovered coining,
though the door have not been fastened, the evi-
dence of the senses is to be distrusted. IfJu-
ries were to follow the example set yesterday at
the Old Bailey, there would be no occasion for
fastening a door, when the very circumstance of
its being found open would alone insure an ac-
quittal. The security would be not in the fas-
tening the door, but in the leaving it unfastened.
If a man were seen cutting another's throat, the
fact could not be got over by the circumstance of
his having neglected to secure a door. It is
only where there is a doubt that such cir-
cumstances as those alluded to become of im-
portance. For instance, a young man was on
Saturday tried for a rape, alleged to have been
committed in a path leading to a church, and
within a few yards of it when the afternoon bell
was ringing. If the cries of the young woman
had been heard, and people had flown to her
rescue, the audacity of the youth would not in
the face of the clear evidence been taken as
proof of innocence ; but, in defect of good evi-
dence, the nature of the place was deemed a
presumption of innocence. As to the point
which led to the acquittal—the imperfection of
the mould--it is very favourable, no doubt, to
prisoners, as it loaves them time to obtain dex-
terity in their trade, and only makes them re-
sponsible when it begins to be lucrative. The
Jury thought, and from the wording of the Act,
it would seem that Parliament also thought, that
being a bungler in any trade is alone a sufficient
punishment, and that it is hard a man should
suffer for a trade at which he makes little or
nothing. Upon the same principle, a pickpocket
who goes so awkwardly to work that you feel his
hand in your pocket, ought to be acquitted ;
and a burglar, who alarms by his indiscreet
no;ac a whole neighbourhood, who secures him,
ought to escape punishinent.—/bid.
We have more than once adverted to the se-
rious evils, as well as the enormous expense, of
what are called Local Acts of Parliament, the
greater nunlider of which are a disgrace to the
Legislature, which on these occasions too of:en
lends its high name and sanction to measures of
which it is wholly ignorant, but which are con-
cocted by persons who have a profitable interest
in multiplying word; and confounding know-
ledge. No sooner is an Act of Parliament of
this sort passed than its clauses are found to
or every construction but the right one, A
new law is thanefore called for " to explain and
amend" the former, t4a the no small gain and
gratification of " the craft," who thus prosper by
fies.ir own fraud or imbecility. Fhere is no pow-
tion of thei leublic so afflicted with visitations of
this disease as tho parishes in and about the
metropolis. It is this tnhat for local legis-
lation tinder which Select Vestries, alai their
whole train 0f despotism and abuses, have grown
up and prospered ; anti it is only by putting an
end to it, and placing parochial low under one
pane statutory head, that the people can ever pee-
ped to resume that fair participation in the ma-
nagement of their own affairs which is now
almost entirely usurped by these little jobbing
ankl contemptible juntas. We are glad to see that
the inhaiiiiants of Lambeth, at their recent Inea-
ing, feel as we do on this important subject, and
hava determined to wait, ni c;pectation of a
general measure, in preference to undergoing the
infliction of another Local Act, the inefficient one
of last year having cost them, it is stated, no less a
sum than 1,0401. We trust that some active, ho-
nest, and intelligent Member of the House of
and that
Commons will respond to this appeal)
