VACCINATION

AMERICA.

Dr. Epps, in a letter addressed to The Sun, gives
the following fact respecting Rosas, President of Buenos
Ayres :—" He was one of the first who in the Buenos
Republic took up the cause of Vaccination. He autho-
rized the Representatives of the Republic to give an
annual subscription to the Royal Jennerian and London
Vaccine Institution ; requested that vaccine matter
might be sent every month to Buenos Ayres ; and at
the conclusion of his Presidency sent a donation of 251.
to the Institution, to enable it, as he wrote, to continue
its exertions in the cause of civilization, by removing
one of the greatest evils to which the human body is
subject, Small Pox."

_ -
MORAL USES OF CHARTISM.—But, perhaps,
the most striking and appalling example of the exercise
of this dreadful terrorism (that exercised by the land-
lords) has just been evinced in the case of Worksop,
relative to which Mr. Paulton's letter in another column
furnishes the details. It is impossible to read that do-
cument without feeling convinced that the landowners
are quite aware that the bread-tax is solely supported
by keeping the people in ignorance, and that every word
of truth, and every ray of knowledge which is sent to
them, perils the power and privileges of aristocracy. The
monopolists venture upon no lectures ; they dare no
discussion ; they suffer no appeals to the public. Their
reign is in perpetual silence! their throne is erected
in ignorance and darkness ; and their subjects are
slaves made mute by terror, and d.-prived of even the
seut.d of each others' voices. There is a soul of good
in things which some consider evil. Chartism, we can
assure those who, living in the light of freedom, can-
not form an idea of the abject state of the farming
districts—Chartism is a sort of political Methodism'
that instructs in their rights, duties, and condition those
miserable peasants, who, but for such teaching, would
be doomed for ever to slavery. The shopkeepers must
be mute, else they lose custom ; the merchants silent,
else they lose trade ; the annuitant must say nothing,
ease he will lose caste ; the lawyer, doctor, and divine
must court the great, and shun the poor, and the calls
of liberty, else there are no bills, or fees, or offerings for
him. Emancipators from without must come, missiona-
ries of civil right, preachers of freedom, pedagogues of
politics; and they must address those alone who dare to
hear, the working men and the peasantry, else for liberty
it were as well to be in Siberia, as in agricultural Eng-
land. These Chartists, if they do nothing else, will sti-
mulate the common people to make head against the
overwhelming tyranny of the great barons,
in as
tremen-
dous and powerful now as it was the time of the
Magna Charta ; and by opposing their influence to that
of the contending force of the Chartism of the aristo-
cracy, gradually give courage to the middle classes in
the small towns, until they also may assert their inde-
pendence.—Anti-Corn-Law Circular,
SUSPECTED INFANTICIDE.—A Coroner's in-
quest was held on Tuesday at the Barley Mow, Mount-
street, Grosvenor-square, on the body of a new-born
male inf.nt, u hich was found in Hyde Park. Verdict—
,. That the deceased died of suffocation, supposed to
have been willfully done, but by what means there is no
evidence to
of
The Coroner offered 5/. for the
discovery of the person who placed the body there.
1:11E NUN OF BORODINO.—At the funeral
service lately celebrated on the plains of Borodino, its
commemoration of that great battle, the Russian army
formed a square, in the middle of which were stationed
the Metropolitan and above a hundred priests. Among
them was observed an elderly lady in the garb of a nun,
to whom the Emperor spoke with great kindness, and
who attracted universal attention and respect. She
was recognised by many a veteran as being the widow
of a General officer, killed in the conflict the memory of
which they were celebrating with such extraordinary
pomp. As soon as access could be procured to the
field of battle she had hastened to it in quest of her
husband's corpse. As the dead bodies were so man-
gled that it was impossible to recognise them, she had
all those gathered that lay near the spot where she was
informed her husband had fallen, and had them depo-
sited in a large common grave, to make sure of the ob-
ject of her affections being among them. The widow
then bad a chapel built near the grave, and retired to
Moscow, in order to devote herself solely to the educa-
tion of her son. Having had the misfortune to lose
her child, she built near the chapel a convent, of which
i
she is now the lady abbess. It was n such capacity
that she attended the funeral solemnities at Borodino.
