SPORTING INTELLIGENCE..

DONCASTER RACES, THURSDAY, SEPT. 20.
The Doncaster Club Stakes of 50gs each, for three yr olds.
Mr. Lambton's Dunsinane . . walked over.
Sweepstakes of 20gs each, with 20gs added by the Corporation.
Mr. k'ox's ch. 1. Fortuna . . 1
• .
Mr. Ilouldsworth's b. by Orville . . 2
. •
Mr. Ridden; b. by X,Y,Z. . 3
. . .
Colonel King's Lunatic . . . 4
. .
. _

2 to 1 on Fortuna.
Sweepstakes of 20 guineas each.
Mr. Lambton's Dunsinane
Mr. Petre's b. c. by Woeful
Ld Queensberry's gr. f. by Prime Minister
Sir W. Maxwell's Jock .

Dunsinane the favourite. Won easy.
Swe, p takes for two-yr. olds.
Mr. F. Lumley's ch. i. by Comus . . .
Ld Queensberry's b. c. by Prime Minister . . .
Two only were placed. Mr Watt's b. f. Marian the favourite.
Sweepstakes of lOgs each, for three-yr olds.
Mr. Grimston's bl. f. by Sir Malagagie . . .
Ld Scarborough's Coronation •. • . . . .
Coronation was backed at odds.-
All Age Stakes of 25gs each.
Mr. Grimston's bl. f. by Sir Mrlagagie . . .
Mr. Houldsworth's ./Eacus . . . .

CONCLUSION OF WEDNESDAY'S RACE.
The Gold Cup.
Mr. Lambton's Consul . . . • 1
.
Mr. Powlett's The Juggler . . :1
. .
Sir M. Sykes's Antelope . . . . :3
.IA Scarborough's Black Prince . . 4
. .
Two others started. 2 to 1 agst Black Prince ; 3 to 1 agst
Consul. A fine race.

The Foal Stakes of 100 gs each. (Eleven Subscribers.)
Mr. Powlett's Jack Spiggot . .
Mr. Wyvill's My Lady . . .
A close race. stol on Spiggot.
Sweepstakes of COgs each.
Mr. 'Lambton's Waverley .
. .
Sir W. Maxwell's Monraith . • . • •
3 to 1 on the winner.
--«

LEICESTER RACES, (FIRST DAY) THURSDAY, SEPT.2O.
The Gold Cup, value 100 gs., by Subscribers of lOgs each.
Three times-round.

Duke of Rutland's f. by Waxy, 3 yrs old
Mr. Mansfield named Duplicate, aged
2tol on the winner. A fine race.

The Belvoir Stakes, a Subscription of sgs each, with 20gs added
by the Duke of? Rutland ; for hunters. Twice round.
Mr. Cross's gr. g. by Breslaw, 5 yrs old • 3 1 1
Mr. Meynell's ch. c. by Waxy, 4 yrs • 1 3 3
Mr. Farwell's gr. g. Pilgrim, 4 yrs • 2 2 2
Even betting. An excellent race. ~ .
The:Gentlemen's Plate of 501. Heats, twice round.
Mr. Field's b. 'n. Vanloo, 3 yrs • 1 1
Mr. Platers hr. c. Haddon, 3 yrs . 2 2
Duke of Rutland's f. by Waxy, 3 yrs . . 3 3

SHREWSBURY RACES, 'WEDN ESD AY, SEPT. 19.
The Noblemen and Gentlemen's Subscription of 501. for three
and four-yr olds. The best of heats. To start at the dis-
tance chair • twice round and a distance each heat.
Major Ormsby Gore's ch. c. The Duke, 4 yrs. Bst. 51b 1 I
Lord Grosvenor's br. f. Bombazine, 4 yrs old, Bst 31b 2 2
Mr. Hickman, jun.'s b. c. Mallard, 7st . 4 3
Sir G. Pigotfsb. f. Loyalty, Bst. 61b. . 3dr
The Gentlemen's Subscription for a Gold Cup of 100 gs value,
for all ages. Twice round and-a distance.
Major Ormsby Gore's gr. h. Snowden, 5 yrs old, Bst 71b 1
Mr. Mytton's b. g. Anti-Radical, 5 yrs old, Bst 41b . 2
Lord Grosvenor's br. c. Belvidere, 4 yrs, 7st 121 b . 3
A Sweepstakes of 20gs each, for colts and fillies then two years
old,. One mile.

Mr. Mytton's b. e. Aladdin, out of Dairy Maid, list 31b 1
Lord Derby'sbl, c. by Rinaldo, out of Rosalba, Ust'3lb 2

i ,

September 22.

{NEW TIMESI

THE LONDON JOURNALS

VAILY EXTRACTS FROM TIIE :IIORNING PAPEIIS,

[THE TIMES.]
The price of corn, and complexion of the mar-
ket, continue to be subjects of natural and,
universal interest. After all the attention we
have been able to bestow on the reports of the
Country Papers during the week just, ended, we
can find no reason for materially
.changing the
opinion we have already •expressed, that the
country may indulge the expectation of a fair
and adequate supply of grain 'throughout the
approaching winter. In the North, taking a
general view of the harvest, the wheat is pro-
nonnced to be of fine quality, and in. produce
fully an average crop. The inferior grains are
tet,so promising. In Cambridgeshire, and other
eastern 'counties, the growth is plentiful, but the
harvest has been hurried, and the condition of
the grain is therefOre not so favourable as might
be wished. In Warminster the market was fall-
ing ; but the previous rise bad been 12s. per
c.oiii-ter. At Devizes, a fall had taken place of
per sack of wheat. The Taunton Correspon-
civLats recommend an early sale of whatever new
corn can be got ready, that the appearance of a
-full supply may stop, the advance of price; and
prevent the ports from being opened.. This is
a sage exhortation. ' A farmer- is to make a
premature sale of his crop, to frustrate a
rnrasure which, after he shall have become
cropless, will have lost its capacity of
doing him further harm ! Had such counsel pro-
ceeded from the next agricultural quarter which
we have to notice, viz. the West of Ireland, the
joke would have been a degree or, two less
pungent. There, in Cork and Galway, though
constitutionally a damp climate, the prospects are
very encouraging ; and about the neighbourhood
of Kilkenny, on thel.sth inst. the wheat had been
mostly got in. There are two manoeuvres, of an
opposite character, by which the opening of the
ports may be facilitated or obstructed for a time.
Large speculations, loud complaints, and an ex-
tensive panit may on a sudden so raise the ave-
rages, as to second the views of the foreign
grower, and introduce his corn to the British mar-
ket. On the other hand, an early overflow of
inferior and low-priced grain in the same market
may so depress the averages, as to exclude, for
once, the foreign importation. But' no artificial
system can long produce a false level of either
kid in the price of grain. The necessaries of
in so great a community must always find
their real value; and the consumer is, in the long
run, the party most benefitted by the conflict of
adverse speculations.

The Committee, for the subscription in favour
Of the Life Guards, have rendered to their coun-
try a most valuable service, in calling forth a
public manifestation of that admiration which
was so widely felt for the heroic qualities dis-
played by the military on duty at Cumberland-
gate. The occasion was
.one which demanded
such a manifestation, for the basest of traitors
liad conspired to hold up these brave men to
public odium; the seditious press had loudly re-
echoed the calumny- and abuse; wretches were
found ready even to swear away their lives ; and
a disposition was manifested to give credence to
perjuries as grossly absurd as they were mon-
strously wicked. It became therefore necessary
in point of common justice to the feelings of the
soldiers themselves, to let them see that false-
hood was not universally triumphant, that their
_honour was not stained in the eyes of their
countrymen, that.their sufferings and their merits
were: justly appreciated, and that they served
not only a magnanimous King, but a-grateful coun-
try. The mode of testifying these sentiments by a
public subscription, was At once most unequivocal,
most prompt, and most effectual. It brought to-
gether the loyal and respectable of all ranks ;
and ii taught the incendiary Journals, that their
calumnies excited detestation in all parts of the
country. The Committee in selecting the ob-
jects of the intended reward, declared at the
very outset, that they meant to remunerate all
the military who had suffered bodily injury on
the 14th of August. As the greater part of
these individuals belonged to the Life Guards,
it'was natural. to specify more particularly that
corps; but the disaffected press, with equal art
and malignity, laid hold of this circumstance to
insinuate. that the Guards were considered as
most•ready. to act against the people, and were
therefore rewarded, not for their forbearance
and humanity, but for the. very opposite qua-
lities. The Cominittee would have acted very
unjustly to the Blues who formed the Guard
of Honour if. 'they had not taken means
to show • that they regarded that gallant
corps as no less ready than any other to
act with forbea.rance, good temper, and -dis-
cipline.--,-Indeed one or more of the Blues
did 44 sustain bodily injury" from the po-
pulace at Cumberland-gate. This fact came
out in evidence on the Coroner's Inquest ; and it
did not escape the notice of the subscribers to
the Remuneration Fund. The Blues, therefore,
•as well as 'the Life Guards (though not in the
same proportion) fell within the very words of
the original Resolution, and the Committee felt
thems"elve"s called upon to notify this to the pub-
lic. In the same advertisement they declared—
and these are the words whith appeared to us to
have been misapprehended, that they consider
the remuneration " to be an earnest of the sup-
port which the peOple of England will always
give to men, who., while they discharge their
public duties with firmness, will not be provoked
by injury or insult to unnecessary violence."—
This is what has been supposed to evince an in-
lention 44 that the measure should bear the cha-
racter of a reward to the Military generally, for
the bare performance of a duty." We can easily
allow for the delicacy of feeling in a military
man, which may have led him so to under-
stand the passage in question ; but we are sur-
prised that a public writer should join in that ex-
position; for it certainly is not the accurate con-
struction of the sentence; and, we conceive, it is

still less the meaning or intention of the Commit-
tee. However, the very honourable scruples of
the Life Guards have given occasion to a new
destination of the suns subscribed, which, we
trust, will meet with general approbation„ bias-
much as avoiding all possible imputation of • im-
proper motives on the part of the soldiers it com-
bines with a record of their virtues—the promo-
tion of a most excellent and valuable charity. •

[MORNING. CHRONICLE.]
The accounts from Spain in the French Papers
represent the recent disturbances as of a very
alarming nature. The Madrid Papers again ex-
hibit them in a very different light, and attribute
the dismission of Riego to misconception. Ac-
cording to a private letter from Madrid, in the
Journal de Paris, the events of the 20th of Au-
gust proceeded from a party favourable to the
emancipation of America.—" Immediately," it
is said, " after the arrival of General Morillo at
Madrid, he perceived the existence of an anar-
chic faction in the capital, which protected the
insurrection in America, and which spared no
means for paralysing the measures which the Go,
vernment wished to take to suppress that insur,
rection. To defeat the intrigues of the anarchic
party, in which were included some Deputies , of
the CorteS from the transmarine provinces,

the General wrote to his friends in Terra
Firma, to, send him, without delay, certain im-
portant papers which he had left in their hands,
and which contained the proofs of these facts."
These papers having arrived, the American fac-
tion began to show its alarm publicly, and " on
the 20th, a strange agitation was observed among
the Americans and the Communeros, who are in-
timately connected,, and who did every thing to
make the conduct of General Morillo be sus-
pected by the garrison." All this is not very in-
telligible to us, and till we receive further infor-
mation, we shall avoid giving any opinion on the
subject. The satisfaction with which these ac-
counts of disturbances are received by the Mi-
nisterial Papers is but too obvious. The peace-
ful aspect which Constitutional Spain long wore,
and which, after the partial disturbances, pro-
voked by the Holy Alliance, it again began to
display, was distressing to them in the extreme.
But " what is now te situation of the coun-
try i" exclaims The Courier triumphantly,
and 14 what the situation of the King ?
The former is convulsed with dissentions, con..
spiracies, and civil war the latter insulted,
defied, and all but dethroned." Those who
remember the joy which the execution of Louis
XVE. and the subsequent horrors of the French
Revolution gave to the Ultra-Loyalists both of
France and this country, will have little difficulty
in believing, that the death of Ferdinand, and
similar excesses, are as eagerly wished for by the
Ultra-Loyalists of the present day. We trust,
however, that the intrigues of this party to pro-
duce disturbances in Spain will not be successful,
and that they will be denied the satisfaction
which they would derive from hearing of the
violent treatment of the King, or any of the
Royal Family.—They would willingly offer up
Ferdinand a sacrifice to their hatred of liberal
institutions.

[MORNING POST.]
The French Journals, which arrived in the
course of yesterday, will be found highly inte-
resting ; especially that part which relates to
the political dissentions in Spain. If these be
not grossly exaggerated, no doubt can be enter-
tained of their tendency, whatever their ultimate
result may prove. But exaggeration with ,re-
spect to Spanish affairs has lately become in
France the order of the day. The present ac-
counts must therefore be received with caution ;
though they are not to be totally disbelieved, as
some of the facts have been corroborated to a
considerable extent by ad vices from other quarters.
There is indeed no difficulty in crediting the ex-
istence of individual ambition and of plots to
gratify its cravings, in a state of things still bor-
dering too closely on revolution to have acquired
that degree of solidity which prevents attack
by demonstrating its inutility, and under a
Government which possesses no element of
strength either in itself or in the consideration
of the people. But yet that many should be
disposed to render their Constitution still more
republican than it is at present, does not seem
probable, and we might add, with one excep-
tion, is scarcely possible. Whatever attempts
are made, therefore, they are those of unsup-
,ported individuals, as the event generally
proves. They create more alarm than real dan-
ger, and are useful thus far, that they expose
the enemies df the State, and lead to their in-
stant repression, if not to their punishment.
These Papers have - also brought a Mani-
festo, addressed by the Grand Seignor to
all the persons in authority within his Em-
pire, displaying, in very pompous, terms,
the blessings enjoyed by the Greeks under
the dominion of the Porte ; denouncing their
rebellion as ingratitude, but commanding those
to whom the order is addressed to- take
the utmost care that his peaceable Chris-
tian subjects shall not in any way be molested.
The Sultan complains very warmly of the teme-
, rity of those persons who have already injured
the peaceable and innocent Greeks in their per-
sons and properties, and threatens the severest
punishments, should such outrages be again com-
mitted ; but the scenes which have stained the
streets of Constantinople, and other places,
would almost raise a doubt of the power of the
Porte to fulfil its threats..

[MORNING ucaALD.]
If the accounts from Spain may be relied on,
that truly heroic nation has before it two pros-
pects—both dreadful, but either the one or the
other inevitable, viz. :—a wild, disorganizing,
and desolating anarchy ; or a relapse into a worse
than the previous state of slavery, superstition,
moral debasement, and galling despotism. But
our extracts from these papers should be read
with great caution. It will be observed that
most of the intelligence is conveyed in what pro-
fess to be private letters, and also that the
French accounts are more full of alarm by far
than the extracts which we give from the Ma-
, drid Papers of the same date, which we lave

r`:eived direct. There are two grand foci of
public agitation, Sarago;sa and Madrid. The
fermentation commenced in the former, and
the mysterious, almost unintelligible, manner
in which the plot was alluded to in the last
received papers, is cleared up in the present.
The following was substantially the state of
affairs, as far as we can judge, upon com-
paring -and combining the accounts in the
various papers : Two French refugees, named
Efusson and Montarlot, the former an ex-officer,
the latter a writer of subordinate consideration,
not long since obliged to leave France in conse-
quence of an outlawry, from his absconding from
the legal consequences of a conviction for libel.
—These two worthies conspired to republicanize
Spain and France! and the Spanish Police seized;
in the lodging of Montarlot, a state paper in
embryo, which disposes France prospectively
under a Republican Government, with the re-
nowned Montarlot for its President, and La
Fayette (who no doubt never dreamt of the
honour intended him) Commander in Chief of
the National Guard. M. Montarlot had even
prepared patriotic songs, to be sung by
the National French Army, in which his
own name figures considerably. Such is
the extravagant scheme into which Riego and
Mina are suppospl to have entered !—The plot,
however, was discovered, the two Frenchmen ap-
prehended, and M. liusson, who had the ambi-
tion to plot the revolutionizing of two kingdoms,
has, It Is said, fairly told the whole scheme to the
Public Authorities. The ferments in Madrid were
caused by the arrival of the news from Saragossa.
Sinister reports were spread—the Governor of
Madrid (General Copans),it appears, resigned—
the Ministers sent in their resignations—and the
King was solicited to ,return from his country
seat to Madrid, which he openly declined doing,
urging the necessity of consulting his health. In
the mean time, Gen. Copans, at-the request of many
eminent citizens, resumed the command, and public
confidence and tranquillity were restored. There
appear: to be two sources of were
and confu-
sion at Madrid—the Fontana Club, from which a
few firebrand declaimers inflame the passions of
the populace—and- next King Ferdinand, who
evidently does not know the duties he owes to
the laws, or the relation in which a Sovereign
staus. to a Constitutional people. He has ap-
pointed a third War Minister, who has also de-
clined; and each of the three nominations were
against the will of his Ministers. The latter
agree to continue in office, if he will but allow
them a colleague of their approval in the War
Department.
