Bishop; having forfeited the confi,
and having separated themselves fr,
people, ought shortly to be deprived
legislative functions._(Tremendou
Mr. RUSSELL was proceeding to
when it was intimated that the H.
propose one of a much stronger ch; :act
Mr. HADLEY, after reading th
withdrew his own.
H. SMITH, Esq. then moved the

That in the opinion of this meeting
tion of nearly the whole Corporation c
constitutional rights of the people—of ,
the Bill :Aid those who absented themsel
tachment to corrupt and corrupting institute
regard of the first principle: of that Holy It
claim to be pre-eminently the Ministers,---
them of the national respectand confidence
be the means of depriving them of their -
-(Tremendous cheering.)

Mr. HADLEY, in seconding the
it gave him great pleasure and
see around him so many of his respect
jog the ranks of Reformers, and co:
momentous crisis to aid the great
Reform. It had been said that Re
shionable, but he would fain be!'
more permanent feeling actuated the
that nothing less than a measure as
as that which Ministers had subm.
would satisfy them. It could not be doubted,
t:
aspect of the present times was most alarming, t'ahipl
were living in troubled water, and were approac:'oo
crisis when every man who had any regard for his c° ot
peace and happiness, must put his shoulder to the o,e,
in good earnest, or the glorious cause in which the2;o,4
all ernbaiked would be irrevocably lost, He OS°
lodged that he had great confidence in his Majesty'
tern, and that he would be the last man to take Mire
that would embarrass them, or weaken the confideocool.
the country in their wisdom and firmness, yet, 111,)'1/
not help remarking, that there appeared to be A ".fllit,
decision in their councils, a halting somewhere, as d',
were " infirm of purpose," was it intended ti.al liloa"
should be given them to prepare a measure which fottli 411 they
meet the approbation of the Lords? That precious ,100 'en:,
of 199, which, in defiance of the wishes of twentY°J.ld tl,446fthe
of their countrymsn, had rejected the Bill ! 'titos,
think this was an age of miracles, nor did he exPec,,:c,"
them converted from the error of their ways. P;islo Iktb-:ak
not conceive that any measure that would meet their -Ad'
would satisfy the just expectations of the country' whici
aheteßih
while he would abstain from adopting any measure. re tbe, luethat
would embarrass the Government, he would caul; fir
people to watch their proceedings with the tituw%tseot, fi4Cotth`,
lance, and strenuously oppose any measure less esle°l-11110
pl Th
welseth:iicgehedffi tehti ehenectmotushenaltvureyst.lsieta tinHt to
ed
dd whichiids p oo so:td Ministerstbolapml
aeceotinhnea
ttab"cedc:6:6o3vlerinc:
eh
titeeenneti,sheillie,u,fet,ra:trlloaileaun},ndtiedmethioghefhyiluttlifaulter and prove itifirni; t"dglei 1144'14'
able life of Lord Grey might be sacrificed in the sdtry as ttlif,ke'g,t,
th
insetuaspntedobpebl people, therefore,
ettphbaeerreedpfoetoroep,:ne
peoples
he
meet
ufef
that could befall them. Would the friends of Pe he°ai
then saw
and through good report, come weal, come 'velo;s°.e tm. to
gentlemen remember, that a nation's redemptiuin t
stake they were playing far, and that either tt)3 Let' ttiol
chains of the bitterest slavery awaited the country' e ttl 11'°
opposition then, against which the people Illightoth61:1: jN4l'lt'akgopayee'
contend, deter them from pursuing their duty gerh",
selves and their country. The enemy was n° 16°60, alt
den, but had avowed himself, and was in the Of totlO,'
arrayed in hostility against them. An eneal,
oiotc:4
more nor less than a venal, a corrupt, and an in' j 0 ' T 044,
garchy, whose giant strides of power had corruP,toeoetll tekNhje,'
source of legitimate Government, and rendered v. Parch:d ;
a barren wilderness the fairest country in the 'v°r 14:1-41i4
said, and he said it fearlessly, that resistance to Su-read' Pei 1- 7
became virtue instead of treason, and patriotism she 1,14,:11
rebellion. He was as much a friend to peace a; did ''rehab,
of Wellington was, and felt as much horror a' 00 Ner '1
eunteinp!ating the consequences of a civil war Lii;e.'!!;
•,e in the recollection of the meeting, that the Pnlief L„'he'li,
arguing for the policy of passing the Catholic vra,l„,i;
said, that he conceded the point, because it woo.° he
pr
civil commotion that was ready to break out anoc,ndia Jag,:
millions of his fellow-subjects in Ireland. Whatr;eves
Kati
Grace feel so much horror in contemplating the et7lneut
()fa civil war among seven millions of hiscoalulnb2t
Piths
does lie feel none when twenty millions
in seeing their just rights and libertie'are'mPled.°s it'-:
Crl)uke of We...„ll'`'i to" ve,
despicable faction ? The high-reaching
d in the colu',, 'Mae,
ton had achieved one glorious civic dee
lavers'
his life, by removing the badge of religious s
portion of his suffering countrymen, and stopslie 4,lllaes
bread, when a civic crown of immortal durance top' l,7z
his reach? 0 bow short-sighted are same of the greci°
of the earth : how fatal to their own fame ail de
country's weal. tht
hog
The resolution was unanitnowly carried wit4etc
rounds of buzzas, and three groans for the Bishops' 115 het(;;'f.
W. REDFERN, Esq., in a most luminous and r 61P rilk.ll
speech, which we regret time and space prevent stito‘:
giving, proposed the presentation of the followieg 11)111, •It
414
to his M ajesty A jr,51,1 •
TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT 31-- tlitl4
THE HUMBLE AND LOYAL ADDRESS 01,s0'
HABITANTS OF BIRMINGHAM, IN TOW:,OI7i tiftheila
ING ASSEMBLED, ON THURSDAY, Tl-1- tit% to,(
01 OCTOBER, 1831. sotlico
SHEWETII,—That your Majesty's loyal subjects sle,whe ti
lugs of disappointment and alarm the rejection of th,
Bill,by the Lords Spiritual ant Temporal in ParliaineeLiTy. !Pill" 4 Itc,
who, in this exercise of legislative functions, held old h•
trust for the people, have endangered all the valuable
Ah
of the State. ,cl 3, • Ilk
That relying upon the public acts, pledges, and ''4'-doace lnt
your Majesty's Ministers, ire repose the firmest NIP', tlO4 th,."11
integrity of your Majesty's Government, and tra',"ept.,',,,
ot
measures may speedily be adopted as will allay the Pre4ore,
of the public mind, and avert the dangers which l"
best interests of these Realms. 11
That the late Reform Bill, having been based "riolliot,
great principles in respect of disfranchisement, eofra.l,ut
and the right of voting, we humbly represent to rrotitg,
that no modification which shall impair or collpitlYrof
operation of these important principles, as recognisc‘„,pleitea„,
will satisfy the just claims and expectations of the Nit
store the true and efficient siiirit of the British Con 4,, lihto
That placing entire confidence in your Maies.l.-oV)`jilk bit •I
firmness, and patriotism, we, your Majesty's dutionir 47
satisfied that the high prerogatives, with which Y,',,0,,,,c‘0tei
invested by the Constitution, will be exercised, s'Thro'or
require, in such a manner as shall most effectuallY itopri ~ 11,
success of a measure so essential to the peace and ollf he,
ti
your Majesty's loyal and devoted people. c,"
Mr. GEORGE BLYTnE seconded the resulu. to ?itßa
was carried unanimously) in a neat arid apPrOr;ii
On the motion of Mr. RICE HARRIS, Sean is be
tl
HAWKER SlDith, it was resolved that the ad'ire.
sented to his Majesty by Earl Grey. al)
A. KENRICK, Esq. (seconded by Mr. EPW,iph
moved that the address be transmitted by the oaths
to Earl Grey, requesting his Lordship to press
to the King. deJ birti
On the motion of Mr. W. BARLOW, secon.
JAMES TURNER, the resalutions of the ineettnecrosy
tiered to be advertised in the 7'in:es , 310rni7,9
Morning Herald, The Sun, Globe, and Co".orif'
don Newspapers, and also in all the Birmingu
papers.
Thanks were then voted to the High Bailiff
partial conduct in the chair, and the ineen'tje s
shortly before five o'clock, the immense totill:"
iug their way home peaceably.
;or'

Apott
the inatn 0.1
0,1). jett

--- 61',,,,
Ins MAJESTY yesterday paid the f or,
Duchess lIELENE the distinguished complitootoolVi(H
to
with
%,,V Os
uoiftatillee R.:(lHe)nlyiten,(;iiittglirl,thjetbaler equipages p
servants
nt ot s tilni e tCh
el
isrreo:l:, Ifit,lfi',"l.:
convey her highness and suite to the fiole: es''
for the purpose of witnessini, the ceremony` ciil:e 6r,, l''
diamonds.r) utciesosfwPaagrill Parliament
splendidly
the sumptuous Highness
entertainment
the
:ri,Ketadsl:Npi :ar,eenisndne
npb,tse:risrtnoe nb
te.aihr
eri:relov:eetijosii
0:1; 1
ii'.:ii
at the Palace.
i. 51.iir
We are happy to learn that their .)lA;°ilir,
asnreenLetx.o_p:l•Dtlitil.vßa4ttßutoi, euGiroa:
eaAlvlae;lri."..al.ace about the are-11' ;
to remain here some time. Active.preparsti°l' tdlir
French Paper.
)—There
to receive their MAJESTIES and the itnY'i- ell
lf
i ~, Vati4 i
s out 0 t Je. 04,,,
daily labour lasts for twenty how gf I t'verj
' ri
who pi e,id • • . es in the House of Lords and 'll-3,l(V;r
Justice, who attends at the Council, who givesA ei
each (lay to barristers belonging to both kng„tild
who still finds tittle to write artie'es on politico •-:, t,
prudence in the Edinburgh Review, beside° lj,:°;''
works, which are distributed gratis throtitiOt: ci°l,'
dam, and who is the Director of at least tell :::cl.:'
for the diffusion of know ledge amongst the worl'l7,lol.°
We need hardly add, that the person herein
no other than Lord BROUGHA M
The Richmond Theatre (under I":snA:jl.'°;.'
eminently successful. LEE'S benefit nettt,d.o"
)__There
lives
in England
Err:ant:li:
1;10
ot:d:ot,
KEAN pl-syed the next night to nearly 601. I‘'r,. ,;el'
sister, 3lrs. FAWCETT, has collected tour`l Ile' :v ,"
Morld;opri.
her friends from Drur•lane theatre, fr
Missl,E S. PHILLIPS, Mrs. C. JoNF, siis... CltAsSq°oll'','
MPLETON and BEDFORD, . I-1' •et in s'l- OS:
ORD, a
.ena- Afo, 1
Duenna. In addition- to this musical treat, ,"
Mrs. llticHEs, and I-..,.1 es, perfAin in the far'''.

ire
it,
4i,

otl'
idenee of the
se 0141
from the cau nt,,„/
ed of their politics!' pAnis, (
is cheering.) ,„10 ieri the
second the reo" at gt.
[igli Bailiff intend,''
, tin; and
(,)T
iaracter. e do r
le 'hal I‘,
he intended rese' r ,lai
at stor
t
. It in
following resolutio rri ,oveaY
,ng the systeinat:al pd France !n•
of Lords Spirit d -e :
)f those who voteccl; r 'kelt e?Ily tilt
:mselves—their r .c,lO 411z.lobla
stitutions, and PolTelit.l . scmae w
oly Religion of Whied 'bly be aY
rs,—have justly utoroli atio„ 'ner,
tenee; and will ul tio d„"Of ti
icir Legislative MP' 'nal the
A tY 11::ce and ,
e resolution, '1 lil ory in
infinite satisfactintg ittf seb,tif:
eetable townsmen 01. 11, ',coud Par
oming forward soy Lr',l'inl4ocap,
0 4 a1141.3' efil
aweoforrkmoftvPaesrblieacomeloo
Could
the
y,
lieve that a JeePer 04 lefirtit_itle a
le present meetint3 ttia, :.,al
I extensive and 00;4 perf"_ol Sp
mitted to the c,'°° 1, sratit:tt 11
4,0 an and
t be doubted, t" 01 ~ q'Portni
ost alarming, tbalot,ol i Phe , . d
Pei an
, t
--
id were apprn'"" do' ine„-4-eoi
• --1 for his ens",he tbe-, frok
