THE WIFE OF VIVO HUSBANDS.

The sailing master of a ves,sel belonging to a
port on the east coast of Scotland, was, on a voyage to the Me-
diterranean, captured by the Algerines, and detained In slavery
for eleven years ; five of these employed at hard labour, with a
bullet Illbs. weight fettered to one of his ankles,,,-till happily
released from so painful a situation in consequence of the cele-
brated chastisement inflicted on these barbarians by Adm. Lord
Exmouth. Rettirning to his native town, sufficiently.disguised
in tattered apparel, a toil-worn Countenance, and unshorn beard,
he learnt that his wife, after passing 10 years in supposed widow-
hood (ship, cargo, and crew being conjectuied to have perished
at sea,) had married a second husband; and that a son, left
apprentice to the book-binding businesstnow 'kept a bookselling
and stationery shop, in which he was assisted by .a daughter.
The liberated captive sought out and entered the shop, and on
pretence of being recommended to a bed, invited himself home
with them in the evening, and there found his Jean and her new
husband, enjoying themselves around the domestic hearth. After
some circumlocution and preparing the way, he inquired (nam-
ing his wife) if such a woman still lived in the place, and if she
did, he had some intelligence of her husband to communicate. The
question, under the present circumstances of the family, rather
alarmed than pleased, and , caused the stranger to be looked
upon with suspicion, as meaning to impose on them. At length,
assuming the well-known kink and tone of undiminished affeet
don, he appealed to his Jean if she did not recognize him under
all his concealment. The appeal was not made in vain ; theyecog-
nition was on both sides tender and affecting. On being asked td
which of the two husbands she chose to attach hersellohe " wife
of two husbands" emphatically exclaimed that Willie (the first
husband) had been the bethrothed of ' her youth, her first love,
and the parent of her children, and now that lie was,.as it were,
restored to her from the dead, her choice was to be his for life
and death. The second husband having had it put in his Option,
by the real gudeman, to appropriate what lie could justly claim,
acted extremely honourable, choosing nothing save a gold watch
lie himself had presented to the supposed widow when he wedded
her, and on its being restored, left the house, town, and that dis-
tiict of country, never sihce having been either seen or heard
of. The prominent actor in this little interesting drama has
now a vessel of his own, and is occasionally in the habit, in
pursuabee of his marine occupation, of visiting the. port of
Perth, and tells the tale of his romantic adventure as it really
occurred, with an amusing pleasantry and original simplicity.
-Perth Courier.)

In the Transactions of the Royal Society of'
Edinburgh it is stated that Mr. PRENTICE, in the neigh-
bourhood of Kilsyth, was the first person who planted potatoes
in the open field in Scotland. He died in 1792.
It was recently announced to the lieges of
Perth,- by hand-bills, that " the. Duchess of
Athol' starts from the Dukes -Arms, in Dunkeld,
• 3 • 3,
every lawful evelying, at six o ciock.
