expellees of the Government, and perticulatly becauee' RIC
sums expended during the year Mare been greater than the
produce of the revenue, hut because the ,nnierritysof the credi-
tors of the State had attempted; on tide (ice:loon, to obtain paye
'tient from the Government fore ell, debts doe .smite the year
1818. Congreas will perceive, from this statement, that, as it
becomes necessary that the EiecutiVe ehould delete?, in one
Year, all the deficit caused in &neer yeare, I have been pieced:
in an embarrassing end disagreeable situation. ' The mode
adeipted for paying by little anti little, the different creditore,
either by ,a fourth part of the ieceipts of the Customs, or With
the ordinary funds, at progressiveintervals, has in part eetistied,
the demands of the claimants, but has considerably- ditni-
ieished the amount of annual income, end, therefore, a defalca-
tion bus occurred in the same neve:is:try 'for the ourrent ex-
!fences of the Administration, (en the subject of finance, there
is much for the Congress to do ; legislation .upon this subject
requires the continued 'exertions, and particular atter tioo of
your enlightened minds. It is necessary to establish, first, a
general system of public income •, and,. on this basis, to ouster
lawe creative of finanee, and afterwards proceed to :of
pollee and give uniformity. to the mode of stiministering them,
On the one side you cannot forget: teat from the for:unes of the
Citizens, and from elicir enterorizeo, a general flied is to 'be
funned to meet the indiepensable eepenees of the Republic : and.
on the other side you must bearee mine, that the citisene can-
not make their fortunes, nor dedicate theniselyes to a spirit of
enterprise, if laws be not established to proteet and encourege
them in an efficacious manner. it, therefore, terms tine of your
principal duties, as well as one of the chief objecrs of your, zarc,
to .arrange the laws; which protect individual riches, so as to
accord.with the public contribution. I sin afraideehat, in the present Session, you will not have sufficient timeeto discuss
those subjects; but I feel it my duty to cell your warmest at-
tentioe, us well as to excite your love for the Republic, so that
you may examine scrupulously the estimate.of the expences,
make the reductions which may appear suitable, fix the sum to
vehich the expences of the current year are 't.o he Ihnited, sup.
tionaries, whose appointments are at the present timeineuffie
port public credit, and ameliorate the situattAns-'of the timer
cient for their subsietence. 'On reviewing the clitinis on our.''
income, and the expences required by the state of . war; in
which the Republic still continues, you will be setiefiecl, that'
from the organization of a plan of imposts, and from an im-
provement of its administration, there yet • remain for us re,
sources, to meet our foreign as well as domestic engagement.%
her "t down our arms, and-enter upon the en-
" In the accounts of the expenditure of the money received
from the loan of 1824, Yon will
jwoyetenite-nytofrieibbniesil slianYgs of peace.
perceive, that in coMpltanee with
the laW.on that subject, various foreign and domestic Slane have
been paid, the Magazines and arsenals have been supplied, the
army has been supported,the internal receipts ofthe Government
have been improved, the interest due on our foreign debt leas
been paid up to the present month, and the agricultere of
smite departments has received all the assistance which circuit'_
soteces would allow, The liquidation of the debt of Peru, in favour of the Republic., has not.yet been effected; although.
Colombii► is in dim came represented as the creditor, she is her-
self indebted to many citizens of the Departments of the South,
from winini supplies were /Moaned for the assistance of Peru.
The ExeCutive hopes diet Congress will apply p
to the a
of those debts a part of the sum to be
received by they-ment Re-
public fmm that State. By so doing, we shall perform nn act ' ofjustice, and protect the people of the South, whose services
.in the contest of l'eru were prompt and efficacious.
" The army of Colombia deserves that the Government
should offer anew, a public testimony of its high sense of their
virtues. The soldiers of Colombia have fought at a distance
from their country, with the same glory with which they main-
tained at home the cause of the people. The army continues on the war establishment, in which the policy of Spain compels
us to maintain it, and as the greater part of the expence stated
in the estimate is required for our .military establishment, I
have to recorarnend to you, as a means of reducing the amount i
of the estimate, the regulation of the national 'Minix on such a
footing, as to render it useful, to the extent contemplated on
its foundation, the placing on halfepey, or discharging in an
bonourablo manner, those individuals who wiener eared as
effective employment in the army, and a particular protegee-el
to our navy. • . .
" °mitigate present administration I have experienced many
difficulties, as well in regulating the debt due to' he army its in ,
arranging it in conformity with our institutione. You are aware
Mr. DAVENPORT presented it petition from the silk-wets.
CORN LAWS. -
lirtv'srwwesrpee'elSolpit3ewdstOonantlial4belonleeetlunr:adretti:y3t.* veil of Macclesfield, praying for a revieion of the Corn Lows.
theett a t le
Spanishreti t: bi c
The Secretary at Wm will lay before you a detail oft hitepert Alt. Alderman NI OOD presented a similar petition from
of the administratiop, by submitting to you accounts of the the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.
state of the army, of our fortresses, magezinee, barracks, mill-
NEGRO SLAVERY.
in Lancashire, against Slaverrinnhe Weat Indies.
tart' education, and the intentions-of the Government, I feel Lord G. CAVENDlSHpresented a petition fl'om Hainan,
it my duty to remind you, on behalf of this estimable portion
of the Republic, by
_whose toils and valour this megnilicent ,
DUTY ON C 0.4 S,
edifice was founded and reared, and who will continue always '
Dublin, against the Petty On COA/A..
i‘tr. GRATTAN presented u petition from the inhabitants
to preserve it, to consecrate sonic part of your labour to tier rap; of
laws for the prevention of all arbitrary and vexatious Retie ea Me. LIDA, le said the duty on coals in England was most ope
as to secure to it a competent subsistence, to open to it the gate pressivc and ought to be token off,
of honour and re asses and that every favour in justice should Air. M. fitxgerulti,,Sir J. Newport, and Mr.- Troll:gee, said
be dispensed to it, both in the distribution of rewards and the a tew words in favour of' the petition.
application of penal laws, as well as in not 'or •e the fered- . - LEGACY DUTY.
lies of those brave men after their death.
i .Mr. DE N :ILAN presented a.petition praying that bequests
The naval force of the Republic is now receiving a very con- 'to llospitale might be exempted fromlegacy (I Lary.
siderable increase, in time manner in which I communicated to ! LOCAL JURISDICTIONS (IRELAND) BILL.
you, secretly, during the last Session. But, pktmged as the ' Mr. Sc -RICE merest the 'second reading of the local juris-
Beeetivels, in the abyss of obstacles, arising as I antititinced dictioos (Ireland) 8,111, and- that it be comtuuted in a committee
to you in my last message, from. the want or organic and ad-' .of the Whole house to-morrow.—Ordereds
ininistrative laws, ter its arrangement, I cannot flatter. myself, ~ •, e • oFFENCES AT SEA DILL.
to be able to lay before you on dint occasion, an account in all On the motion, for bringing up the report on the offences at
respects intiefactory. It' Congress proceeds Co remedy. this ur- Sea Bill,
,
persons charged with otreneee under.
gent necessity, the inantitne force Which the:Republic will pos- Ale.: lIRRNA I. -observed, that it appeated from one of . the
devotee- a the, Bill, that
seas, will be sufficient for-its defence at home, and will render
it respectable abroad, and by being eble to protect the Atlantic this Act would be deprived of the privilege of being admitted
coast against a sudden invasion, the army ashore may be con- ,to Ina - , •
.
. .
'utterable' reduced, and by this meens, the expencee of the Trea- Sir G COCKBURN eeplied, that One Of the amendment,
limy will be economised, and the number of agriculturista will introduced into the Bill was for the porpose of adiniteng Ore
be encreased• Nautical education proceeds with success, notl sons to bail "who had committed otfences at sea ill the Same
withstanding the scantiness of our funds. Nothing could give cases as where lendsmen were admitted to boil. '•' e. •"
me so much satisfaction, as to have given you this clay, at highly Mr, K. DOUGLAS brought up the aniendfnents to the
pleasing picture of the state of Colombia in every view ; but it BR , . . : •
....
is impossible in tiros years, to destroy the work of thece centu- MT. HEWN-Objected to the hill, thitt'it *reined to give too
ries. You know, because you have personally experienced it, large power. ' . .
the great difficultiee, which a people undergo in their infancy, Sir U. COCKBURN obeerytd, that the object of the Bill
who labour to raise themselves from the lowest slevery to the . .1•944 to give to (Ammo" and other p„ he "tmety „timid,
rank of a free nation, and who have been compelled Aisne, and ' the power to commit offenders to pritlon for trial, when the
with scanty resources, to support a long anti disastrous con- offences had taken place at sea.
test. Notwithstanding this truth, and the peculiar eircinit- The Bill was ordered to be read a third titne on leridey. •
Mitnets which charecteriee our political tranefortnation, we may A long conversation ensued on the motion for ecnd
congratulate ourselves, arid glory, that the Republic of Co- reading of the Potteriee Regulation Bill (a privAte the)Hill. '•:.
lonabie has not only liberated itself from the chains of sla- Mr. HILIIE objected to this bill—first, that it went to inter.
.
very, but has also establishetla system of freedom, 'founded on , free between nuoitertr and men, a policy which had been aluin.
the dignity and the reek of man ; that it Nemeses among an- timed by the legiAtture ; and secondly, that it refereed 'to
cient and. modern nations, a reptitetion ecquired by its politie plates beneath the dignity of legialation-the size of muffin-
cal organization, by the admirable constancy of its defenders; plates and jelly-pota. lle objected to the prineiple of the bid,
that to its heroics effects, it awes the now beholdin itself re- of
nut to have been made a private bill.
ciprocating with two nations, whose physical and
slittellectual .which Mr. LITTLETON defended the bill, and thought ittnight
power is unieersalry acknowledged, and that its people, our be read a second time, and those who were concerned in it might
constituents, now enjoy their political and civil liberty, without then have time to consider die subject. ,
having been exposed to internal convulsions, which are so fr", After aorne observations from Sir M. %V. Ridley, Mr. 11.•
qttently destructive anew Societies ; that its Constitution anti Wilton, Sir John Nirrotteoley, Mr. Moberly, 111 r A bereromby
ita Nws
;et sup
poite'd by public opinion, and by. the liberty of Mr. Ellice, anti Mr. Grattan,
• '"
the press hat the blessings of knowledge are diffueed atel gra- t Mr. HUME persisted in his objections, end tfeeletee4 'he
dually, propegated through the vast- extent or our terraoi y ; womiht take the sense of the House ou the question for the itectifed
that the spirit of enterprise and of activity begins now to obtain reeding of the bill. - .
fill! remote- kinongst our fellow-eitizehs; that the foundations •
Air. LITTLETON requested that, ea he wasunwiflit+lo.
have been laid for peimlating and cultivating large tracts of e
be
tit any tin steessory responsibility, the second reading ktett
t 'it ears. will
comely, hitherto almost unknown; which, witt tin se y .
be deferred.
have increased the people and the wealth of C ilerniSio; eh et"" et was acconlingly deferred until this day-week.
that the-Republic, by its generous assistance to other. kindred , Ilia house then adjourned at TWENT T *TX li 'I vel ct Six
states, merits to be considered as the protectress of the indepen. o*CLocx..
deuce and the liberty of America. NO power can arrogate to ,
!!!!"............16...........iiihr05e....m
.. .
lusivel this flatten»
itself the right, that oet belongs, exe y, .
' • •
g. ' I.l)tie ContleMo•ti of the Como C .1
I the
son ounct 0
situation ; it is the Work of the people, of the army, of the Re-
ima of all ti.. authorities, whose unanimous palette of Si. Bride riect.street, are busily engagtit irt the en
ptative pietas, -
h 4n41
protected by;-dee tiu - delvour to im rovetheirPresents stem of to hely walf t
reamontinued endeavours, have,
,!)0e,11t,P1(,),. ~ , . p y g _
.......c,
of die t7niverme. 'l 'he n.putnic hag deposit, in feinting other tneasurem, lerpme to redoce,the preeem le
r,
prone :latherst of its hope* for the preservation of its lite ri:cA, ' Or watchmen, •40 (many of them inefficient from toretleeti'. lc
Yon a great Part ,f 1. clonal and individual 1' t • ) 611 i t bb 1“11 ''''.`"`Y'
and for the improvement ( i 4
..._ Wett tn, 1, - Item. to et, ; the .Atter nUM el' to e -eonipo, •
lerefi
at
they.
f peuelent vigilance. and of wiet. 'awe, to restrain ell :it-, efficient your men, whose.salart4 shall be rent
means 0
bi ehet toeyf
itrary power,protect innocence ti 0 i e - duties- " thera—mortV. . .
to Maintain order, to ,tpri sh to tee new to he imottedo
_eit,_epeh othepAt
)„,),.iole, and to support tarn or
In giving the co-operation t'vhich shall patrol daring the whole.'lite • with suffi-
I ant able to aiiiirduli,..,EuvYartis such great objects, I but corn: Ktatc4i points, in the manner of etettsWae. *sore w4tch.boxes ter
I with the Riullflile of the ,letv 7to you it belongs to fulfil , ( ion imperinteetlente of theiresontlareiii.neto, lbw, pleeed.ete
p y
your functions *itl
with. -and 4 P„.
i the zeal and Intelligence heretofore exM.. !he ent;rely dont 'away whatever It we.
siterctreW .,
bleed by yous in order that You Try ,
' v ty, seder ony re
he able to return to your ' any derelictetio 0- tiei '
~.,, , , note ettolejou eta the heittl
homm with the sto.pf;letiori. o aviog iolfilled the whiles of I might receintnnti, wg,'ll' P,L, ,-0. wate.h-hensfett the
be
. e,tieeteents, by eupportnig the Coniteltuelon,'by watching. qUinter% or this ....tuft,' 4.7, - iirutlict, in the shape' Of seitee
Jim'. LI ' f nctionaries by aitlin the • • •
• • the 'intbite u , gw ( )(eclat% privet,. i well, when We 1)11--
laic ate trtle. . . ,
rely than it brought before the Magill. '
o,,tr
h e vim
and by ditruxing:happlncsi..and prosperity throughout the whole .tlonente, move rtiVr
e AH,,,, countenances, anti the dread of expo.,
1 influence of the re' nof teas~, , the fear or w
Republic, under the
~, tg peace, and Of the i Y ,_ Br, easy prey tt) these hogberr,.us of the ento
laws. ~ FR.A NC Itte ODE P. SANTANDER. ( sure, render
twin
ta , ~,,,it generally in they latter case.
f,i
1 topolis. We -P
Bogota, Jan. 2, IL-tl.

PARLI A AI KNT,

HOUSE OF LOR'DS;; APItrL 5.

The !louse met_ this day pursuant to adjournment, arid the
LonD Cirawaker.ott took his seat sointafter four o'clock.
An account of the monies raised in respect to tAtlinjralty
Droits and other casualties was presented at the bar, by an
'officer from the Treasury,
Mortor, Mr. Dumas, and others from the (''..ommons,
brought up the Irish Writs' _Regulation Bill, the Ecclesiastical
Lands' Exchange Bill, and sorne.private Bills.
sion of the Corn JAWS', fic4l the silk-weavers of Macclesfield,
'and front fribtabitat,ta of Si. Leonard's, Shoreditch. In pre-
senting the first petition die Nobie Earl observed, that it wry very respectably signed. The petitioners complained that the
pitnelples of free trade teem exterdcd to them, anti nut to other
classes of the community.
The Earl of MA LffIESBEIRV would not enter into any
argument on the main subject Of this petition; but with regard
to what it stated respectinmthe-,landlortlx, he obserVed that the
present state plthings, instead of rendering a Jessprotection to
agriculture necessary, many reasons existed for increasing it.
When the quetion .carne forward, he hoped it would be dis-
cussed temperately, for no toes/ion was more calculated to ex-
cite animosity. It ought not to be said by the petitioners or
others thut the landlords had been trying experiments with re-
speet to free trade, on the petitioners, which they would not
make on the
of inselves. The landlords did not wish to matte the
experimentfree trade, but the parties applied fbr it them-
selves. If atiy persons came forward and Said that their inte-
rsts would be injured by free trade, lie would support theta in
opposing- it.
The Duke of NORT/1152118ER LA ND presented a petition
from North Shields, praying for a protecting duty in-favour of
13thish ships.
The Earl of IIIALMESIItiIt I' preiented a petition from the
Isle of Wight, signed by 3,000 persons, praying fu's the aboli-
tion of slavery.
The Marotlis'of HONTLI` presented a petition to the same
effect from Duntly. •
Petitions against day ~alteration -in the banking system of
Scotland were presented' by the Duke or A Tit ot.t.,from the bo-
rough of Peeges, and -from the County orKinross ; by the Earl
of RosEsi;u*, from the county of Caithness; by the Alarquis
of nUNTLY, from the county of Elgin, from the county of
Cromarty, from the borough of Cullen, from the Banffshire
Farming Society, and, froni the town of Iluntly ; and by tiv
/..larl of La Unt:ltTlai.E; from Breellin, flow Newtonstewart,
and from Dunbar.
The Earl of LIMERICK presented a petition from the town
of Itathkeale, in the countj, of Limerick, against an: alteration
lathe blinking system in Ireland.—Adjourzted.
