FLANDERS MAIL.

AIX-LA-04APELLE, SEPT 3.—A part of the
equipage of the Emperor of Austria arrived here
yesterday morning, consisting of sixteen carriages,
drawn by two Ind tour horses.
Prince Hardenberg will make but a-short stay
in this City ;. his Flightless is going to the Rhine,
where he will have an interview with Prince
Metternich.

It seems to•bc certain that the King of Prussia
will be here on the 24:h or 25th of this month,
and that the Sovereigns will make ;heir solemn
entry on the 27th. Persons who appear to be
well informed, affirm that the stay of the Sove-
reigns at Aix-la-Chapelle will hardly exceed three
weeks. Tiw etpiipagcs of the King of Prussia set
c.iff from Berlin for this city on the 22d.
HAGUE, &PT. 4.—We learn, that by an order
of, the King, the exportation of potatoes is pro-
hibited.

,FIAGus, SEPT. 6.—An official notice has been
issued by the Minister of narine, stating,' that in
consequence of the acts of piracy, originating in
the hostilities between Spain and its Colonies, he
has been enjoined to send orders to the Commair,
dens of all his Majesty's ships in commission, to
protect the flag of the Netherlandi against all acts
of piracy committed, under pretext of these hosti-
lities, by vessels not belonging to the subjects of
his Catholic Mjesty, and not armed or fitted out
in his dominions, but pretending to have letters
of marque from his Catholic Majesty, or from
persons exercising the Government in those pro-
vinces or parts of them. The Commanders are
ordered to bring all vessels committing such acts
into the ports of the kingdom or the colonies, to
be proceeded against according to the rigour of
the law.

BRUSSELS, SEPT. 7.—Their Royal Highnesses
the Prince and Princess of Orange arrived here
yesterday afternoon, and will remain here a few
days before they go to Spa. The desire of seeing
this Illustrious Pair attracted a great concourse of
persons to the Theatre, where the Prince in fact
appeared, but the public were disappointed of
seeing the Princess, who was probably fatigued
from the, ourney. As soon as the Prince appear-
ed in his box, be was received with loud accla-
mations, which seemed sensibly to affect him.

Some of our Journtds have announced that the
Projets of the New Codes ►were quite ready, and
that they will be laid before the Staten-General
for their approbation at the beginning of the next
Session. We learn from the Hague, by a channel
on Which ►ve fully rely, that the Council of Bask
is still employed on this subject, and that it even
appears that we must not expect to see them laid
before the States• General during the next Sessions.

Between the 26th and 30th ult. 380 passengers
arrived at Calais from Dover, and 262 left the
former place. for the latter. At Boulogne, be-
tween the 11th and 30th ult. 141 passengers ar-
rived from England, and 209 took their depar-
ture. •

their cannon; .we gave them little time to rectify
this mismanagement. The party I was with
Charged up one of the hills, and we soon thinned
their ranks with the cool steel, and took the
.guns ; the other hills and guns were also taken,
and when they saw this, they immediately fled.—
Their strength consisted of 7000,. ours of 1400
They lost 600 or 700 killed and wounded; and
our loss Was trifling in comparison, being only 3
killed, and 15 or 16 wounded. We took 4 ele-
phants, 40 camels, and Jots of horses, &c. &c. ;
and I seized a prize, which I suppose would not
likely be found on an European field of battle,
being. no less than four beautiful hunting'hawks ;
they belonged to ow! of the Chiefs of the enemy,
are capital hunters of hares, partridges, quails,
&c. and are reckoned very valuable.
.‘ When tine Nagpoor Rajah broke our, others
of the Mahratta powers followed his example.—
The Peishwa, the head of them, bad previously
risen at Poona!), where be received tight work for
it from the Hon. Mountstewart Elphinstone. Se-
veral battles have taken place with him, in all of
which he has been befeated, and Poondi has been
taken. He still holds out, however,,but no doubt
._. •

will soon be knocked lip, and have h►is county
taken from him.

• " One of •the greatest battles that has been
fought in India was fought the other day. Hot-
kar, another Alabratta Prince, rose up against the
Government, with an army of 40,000 horse, and
30,000 foot. It was:not long hefore he was at-
tacked by an army of ours 12,000 strong, under
the command of Sir Thomas 1-1!slop, a gallant of-
ficer, when, after a severe conflict, liolkar was
beat off the field, and lost the whole of his- can-
non, amounting to 83 pieces.. In a second ac-
tion he was equally unfortunate, being com-
pletely beat, and having 32 pieces more cannon
taken from him. Holkar lost about 3000 killed

and wounded, and our loss was about 500 killer

and wounded ; 3 officers killed and 33 wounded

It is a glorious period in kndia. The-Marquis of
Hasti►►gs is prompt .and quick in his measures,
kid his government has been most successful.-
114... e greater part of the country is now freed of
th*•rindarees, and many of the remaining Chiefs
are 'suing for mercy.
" We have been marching from one place to
another for some months past. We have again
left Serinagur, on a march to the westward; but.
we will-have to canton•somewhere sbon; as the
weather is becoming so intolerably hot."

DREADFUL ACCIDENT FROM A STEAM ENGINE.—
Yesterday morning, at. eleven o'clock, a most
shocking accident occurred at Mr. J. Jones's,
grinder and file-cutting manufactory, in Castle-
street, Saffron-hill. In one part of the manufac-
tory the business of flock-cutting is carried on by
means of a powerful engine, used for cutting the
materials. A fine boy,, of the .name of Sinclair,
eleven years of age, whose business was to sweep
away the cut flocks as they came out of the ma-
chine, without receiving orders, or having any oc-
casion, crept in unperceived under the large rolling
cutter, and unthinkingly, it is supposed, lifted up
his head, and having on a tight leather cap, the
teeth of the roller laid hold of hin►, and pulled
him into, the machine, by which his bead was
nearly ground to pieces, which caused the cap of
the machine to fly open, and a stoppage in the
engine. This alarmed the workmen ; the engine
was instantly stopped in order to ascertain the
cause ; the boy was missed front his work, and
called, but no answer returned : at length he
was discovered in the small box, or trough,
tinder the cutting roller, in the dreadful manner
above described; No blame can attach to any
person.

The INFLUENCE of RELIGION on the STATE.

FOR THE SUN.

[Continued.]

A genuine spirit of religion, let the form of it
be what it may, makes us just to mankind, and
confines' us from doing wrong ; makes us avoid

vice, and adhere to trotb ; to. forbear with patience,
and fly from.unlawful commerce. Whoso doeth
these things shall sit upon an holy hill as a good
Citizen, and .be convinced that his obedience to

the laws of God will strengthen it to the laws of
man, and that they are never so well fulfilled
as when they are respectively subservient to each
other.

The leading points of religion, among the
people of Pegu, are not to commit murder, or to
steal ; nor to hurt their neighbour, but to _do him
all the good in their power. With these they
think themselves worthy subjects, under their
Government, and that they shall be acceptable in
any religion whatever. •

The philosophy of the ancients was a species of
religion, and it was directed to their universal
welfare. • Never were any principles more hoy
nourable to human nature, or tended more to form
good men, Citizens and Subjects, than those of
the Stoics, the destruction of whom, as a sect of
Zeno, was a misfortune, only redressed by
Christianity. It was this philosophy, not with-
standing its excess, that made great Emperors,
and, by opening the mind, a great people, wbo
obeyed the laws as a duty, and reyeredibeir Prince
and his Government.

Religion and laws make a people moral and
respectful, but when either wanders from its des-
tined purpose, the other should be strengthened.
Of harmony a due proportion should subsist be-
tween both. When it absolves the mind from all
human actions, of what class they may be, it
loses its greatest influence, and little then does

it signify whether a people be virtuous or not. In
hoping tor rewards hereafter, without the fear of
punishment here, tfie laws lose their effect, and
asstrred of one, they are superior to the
other; and looking on death with contempt, they
act without restraint ; because the greatest pe-
nalty the laws can inflict will cease in a moment,
and commence their happiness. Yet religion may
support a State, when laws will not ; as when it
is agitated by civil war, and forcing a part of 'the
people to remain quiet.
The most holy religion may occasion the worst
of consequences, when not associated with the
principles of society, as the' most false may the
best, when associated with them. True religion
should not only establish a doctrine. It should
direct its influence. This the Christian doctrine

cloth most admirably. It induces a hope for that
state which is the object of belief, and not for a
state we have already experienced. It makes us
in love with a free, not a constrained, submission
to the powers that be, without slavery ; a love of
each other without adulation ; and above all, a
love of the Almighty, and the Government of our
Country.

hiA :NIA RD,
