BANKRUPTS.

JOHN HAMILTON—REYNOLDS, money-scrivener, Great
Marlborough-street, Oxford-street, to surrender May 31, at one,
and July 3, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Belcher, of-
cial assignee ; Wadeson, Austin-friars.
JOHN FAIRMANER, livery-stable-keeper, Princes-street,
Drury-lane, May 30, at one, and July 3, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Johnson, Basinghall-street, official assignee ; Jervis,
Queen-street, Cheapside.
JOHN MASON, wine-merchant, Boston, Lincolnshire, June
9, and July 3, at eleven, at the White Hart Inn, Boston. Bowles
and Son, Boston ; Hall, Bishop, and Mourilyan, Verulam-build-
ings, Gray's Inn, London.
GEORGE LANSLY, blacksmith, Ludgershall, Wilts, June 11
at ten, and July 3, at nine, at the Black Horse Inn, Salisbury. Lamb,
Andover ; Austen and Co., Raymond-buildings, Gray's Inn,
London.

ELIAS DUNSTERVILLE PUDDICOMBE, surgeon, Devon,
June 6, and July 3, at twelve, at the Half Moon Inn, Exeter.
James and Terrell, Basinghall-street, London; Terrell, Cathedral-
yard, Exeter.
JOHN EDWARD DOWELL, straw plait dealer, Fore-street,
Cripplegate, City, June 2, at twelve, and July 3, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Edwards, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry,
official assignee • Rains, Bucklersbury.
JOHN SCHOLES, calico-printer, Manchester, June 11, and
July 3, at one, at the Commissioner's Rooms, Manchester. Sale,
Fountain-street, Manchester; Baxter, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

(THIS EVENING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.
The Earl of SnarrEsautty took his seat on the Woolsack at Five
o'Clock.
The Bishop of HEREFORD and the Bishop of RIPPON presented nu-
merous petitions, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Petitions of a similar nature were presented from Cheltenham, Glou-
cester, and other places, by Lord Segrave ; by the Marquis of Sligo, to
the number of between eOO and 300 ; by the Earl of Carlisle from Mor-
peth and several other places.
Lord LORTON presented a petition from Innis-Macsaint, in the
county of Fermanagh, against the present system of National Education
In Ireland.
Lord ROLLE presented a petition from a place in Devonshire pray-
ing for the immediate abolition of the system of Negro Apprenticeship.
He would take that opportunity of expressing his hope that
her Majesty's Government would see the propriety of granting
the prayer of the petitioners. He had been left a large number
of slaves by his father. He could not reconcile it to his conscience to
be the possessor of slaves, arid upon his accession to the property, he had
given them full liberty, and he had the pleasing satisfaction of saying
that they were now very industrious ; they supported themselves, and
were contented and happy.—(Hear.)
The Earl of CARLISLE presented several petitions against any fur-
ther endowment to the Scottish Church.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from Maldon, in Essex,
praying for protection to the Established Church, and the expulsion of
Roman Catholics from the Legislature.
The Marquis of BU rE presented several petitions from Edinburgh,
Leith, Lochwinnoch, Rothsay, and other places, in favour of the Edin-
burgh and Glasgow Railway Bill.
The Marquis of SLIGO then presented a petition from 8,000 inhabi-
tants of the City of Dublin, to the same effect.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY presented a petition from the
shipowners of Sunderland, in favour of the Fishguard Harbour Bill.
THE BRITISH LEGION.
The Noble MARQUIS then presented a petition from the offi-
cers and privates of the British Auxiliary Legion, detailing the
distress and hardships they were suffering from the non-pay-
ment of their claims by the Spanish Government, and praying the
House to take their case into consideration, and adopt such measures
as would enforce the payment of the same. The petition was signed
by Colonel Churchhill, Colonel Rich, Colonel Shawe, and several other
Staff Officers, about 200 other Officers, and 400 Non-commissioned
Officers and Privates. It was a singular fatality by which the
petition was entrusted to him (the Marquis of Londonderry), who several
years ago had pointed out the inevitable consequences that would result
from the steps the Government were taking. He hoped some satisfactory
answer would be given by the Noble Viscount to the prayer of the peti-
tion. It was unnecessary to enter into any details upon the subject,
as the proceedings of the meeting from which the petition had ema-
nated must be familiar to all their Lordships. The Noble Marquis' here I
read some extracts from the speech of Colonel Churchill, who presided
at the meeting, and he would add that it appeared the meeting had ter-
minated by giving throe long and apparently hearty groans for General
Sir De Lacy Evans.—(A laugh.) He felt strongly upon the subject as a
British soldier, and he could not let the question rest until her Majesty's
Government took some steps to redress these grievances. Theclaims of
these men amounted to little short of 300,0001., which, if it was obtained,
would diffuse comfort and competeora among these gentlemen. lie
would Deg co remina me Noble Earl opposite (Earl atinto) or nis preere_
lion that before another Session he would have General Evans and these
troops marching to Madrid.
Earl MINTO—My Lords, I hope it is unnecessary for me to say
that I never stated anything so extravagant.—(Much laughter.)
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY would beg to refer the Noble
Earl, and the Noble Lord the President of the Duchy of Lancaster, to
the statements he had made in the debate upon the subject. He hoped
the Government would see the necessity of doing justice to these men,
and of insisting upon the fulfilment of the treaty by which these men
had been seduced to join the Legion, on the part of the Spanish Govern-
ment. As he found that the day he had fixed for a motion upon this
subject was a holiday, he would beg to withdraw it, and would give the
notice for another day.
The Earl of MINTO would not enter into the general merits of the
question, but would merely advert to the extraordinary statement of the
Noble Marquis that he had stated that General Evans and his troops
would before a year be marching upon Madrid. Now he had no
recollection of having made so extraordinary a statement. What the
Mirror of Parliament might have stated was nothing to him—it was
no authority in that House, and the only occasion on which he had re-
ferred to it he found stated what perhaps was very true, " the Noble
Lord spoke so indistinctly that it was impossible to collect the purport of
his observations."
After a few words in explanation from the Marquis of LONDON-
DERRY,

Viscount MELBOURNE felt it necessary, lest his silence should he
misconstrued, to say that he adhered to the statement he had previously
made upon that subject, namely, that the officers of the Legion had
a claim, not upon them, but upon the Spanish Government, and that
they had a claim to the good offices of her Majesty's Government, which
they certainly should at all times command.
Lord BROUGHAM was astonished at the statement which was as-
cribed to the Noble Earl, that Colonel, now Sir De Lacy Evans,
and his troops would march to Madrid. Such had never been
his (Lord Brougham's) opinion, for a more chimerical and more absurd
or a more Quixotic idea he had never heard of.—(A laugh.) And
yet the Noble Earl, notwithstanding the sanguine expectations
which the Government then entertained, no sooner heard
such u eharge made than he started up, as if there was an at-
tempt made to impugn the sanity of the person making the state
NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
The NoVe Lord then presented a great number of petitions, and was
(LEFT SPEAKING.)

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
In consequence of there having been three Ballots, the Gallery was
not opened till twenty minutes to Five o'clock.
WESTMEATH ELECTION.
The Committee Clerk appeared at the Bar with the reduced list of
the Committee, to try the merits of the Westmeath Election Petition.
The names were as follow :—Wm. Battle Wrightson, Lord George
Bentinck, George Thornhill, Charles Fyshe Palmer, Sir Geo. Thomas
Staunton, Sir Stephen Richard Glynnc, John Round, James Stuart,
Edmund Wotlehouse, Robert Palmer, and Thomas Henry Hastings
Davies.
