THE CONVENTION ; THE PETI- I
TION, AND THE PEOPLE.

We take the following minatory matter from the
Northern Star of last Saturday :
The time for presenting the National Petition has
now nearly arrived, and the anxious inquiry of all is—
What will the Convention do, and what are the people
to do, after it has been rejected?
We have this day (Thursday) received a letter
from the neighbourhood of Manchester, in which the
writer says—
" The fact is, the people in all the villages about here
are ranting mad about fighting on the sixth of May."
Now we cannot think that any large portion of the
people are so infatuated—though we doubt not that the
spy system has been largely acted upon, and that the
base creatures of the "bloody" Whigs have done their
best to urge on the simplest of the people to premature
violence.

We bid them, however, emphatically, to beware! To
spurn from them—as a sure traitor—the man, whoever
he may be, that would urge them to deeds of aggres-
sive violence. The time has not yet come. The
people are not yet ready. They are not yet all armed.
They are not yet able even to offer successful resistance
to the violence which may be organized against them
by their enemies ; and this ..is the only purpose for
which they need to have arms. For this purpose we
say, let every one who has not arms procure them—
let him keep them bright and clean, and ready for use
when wanted—but let him remember that they are to
be used only for defence, in case he be attacked.
No true lover of the Charter contemplates, for one
moment, the assuming of an offensive position. " Peace,
Law, and Order" is their motto. By this motto they
will abide to the last. Let them go on peaceably, but
steadily, to exercise their moral power in the many ir-
resistible ways which are open to them in the display of
their numbers—in a general cessation of labour, or in
an universal system of exclusive dealing ; but let them
be all this time preparing for the physical attack, when-
ever it may come. Their adversaries—the enemies of
right—will soon be compelled either to puecumb, or to
attempt the sustentation of their power by physical vio-
lence ; and then, when the attack is made, the people
being all well armed, the question of " physical force"
will speedily be decided. It will come like the shock
of an earthquake, and the issue will be—liberty ; or,
to many—death : and to the rest—eternal slavery.—
Again we say, Beware ! The man who now counsels
aggressive violence is a traitor and a villain ! Treat
him as such. Avoid him, all honest men, as a scorpion
in the path!
