SALE OF GAME BILL.

On the motion of Mr. HERRIES, the further tonal-
sideration of the Report of the Sale of Game Bill was post-
poned to Friday next.

BOROUGH OF EAST RETFORD.

Mr. WESTERN moved the Order of the Day for taking
into further consideration the Report of the East Retford
Election Committee; and the Order of the Day having
been read, the Hon. Member (as we understood) stated
some reason why he as Chairman of the Election Com-
mittee, did not bring the subject under the consideration
of the House.

Mr. TENNYSON proceeded to advert to the contents
of the Report, and began by mentioning the names of the
three Candidates for East Retford at the last Election—Sir
R. Dundas, Mr. Wrightson, and Sir 11. Wilson. The
Committee had decided that the two former had not been
duly returned, on the ground of treating; and they had
made a Special Report, directing the attentionof the House
to the generally corrupt state of the Borough of Last Ret-
ford. It was a notorious, long-continued, and general
practice for the Electors, who had voted for the successful
candidates, to receive twenty guineas from each of them,
or forty guineas for the two Members. The Hon. Blem-
her expressed his hope that this case, and some others that
might be easily mentioned, would lead to the passing of a
law against the practice of treating, which tended to de-
moralise and brutalise the people. He then went in detail
into the -evidence taken before the Committee on the sub-
ject of bribery, subsequent to the termination of the elec-
tion, among the great majority of the voters, who consisted
principally of shoemakers and cobblers. He (Mr. Tenny-
son) moved a Resolution, " That the corrupt state of the
Borough of East Rettbrd required the serious attention of
the House." It was his intention to follow up this Re-
solution by a motion for 1 ringing in a Bill to transfer the
Elective Franchise of this Borough to the town of Bir-
mingham.
Mr. FERGUSSON supported the motion for inquiry,
though he did not think, as far as the evidence went, that
the House would be judicially warranted in disfranchising
the Borough.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN strongly supported the
motion. He thought the evidence was amply sufficient to
justify the House in disfranching the Borough, and trans-
ferring the franchise to some great town.
Mr. WYNN fully concurred in the motion. There was
undoubtedly a sufficient prima facie case to justify inquiry.
If the evidence should be sustained, the case would warrant
the House not only in entertaining, but in passing the Bill
which the Hon. Member proposed to bring in.
Mr. D. BARCLAY supported the motion.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH concurred with the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Wynn) that there were sufficient grounds
for the introduction of the motion, and even for the dis-
franchisement of the Borough, if the evidence should not be
disproved.
Mr. THOMPSON supported the motion.
Lord J. RUSSELL expressed his entire concurrence in
the motion.

The Resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. TENNYSON then moved, that leave be given to
bring in a Bill to exclude the Borough of East Retford
from the Elective Franchise, and transfer the Franchise to

the Town of Birmingham.
Mr. GOULBURN would not oppose bringing in the
Bill, but he would reserve his opinion as to whether the
Borough should be disfranchised until he should have heard
such evidence as might be produced at the Bar on the sub-
ject. He would also refrain at present from giving and•
opinion as to the place to which the franchise ought to he
transferred, in case it should appear that the Borough ought
to he disfranchised.
Sir CHAS. WETHERELL would not oppose the

ing in of the Bill, but he was decidedly of opinion that the
House ought not to rest upon the evidence given i❑ the
Election Committee, but that it was incumbent on those
who brought it in to prove their case at the Bar of the
House. The House ought not to rest, in this case, on the
evidence given in the Election Committee, so as to call on
the Corporation to rebut it ; but those who originated the
measure of. disfranchisement ought, in the first place, to
make out a proper case at the Bar, and then give leave to
the Corporation to answer it.
Mr. FERGUSSON repeated what he had before said,
that the case ought not to rest on the evidence before the
Election Committee, although given on oath, because it
was given incidentally, and not with a view to the dis-
franchisement of the Borough. Before the Bill passed,
evidence ought certainly to he given at the Bar in the only
way in which the House could at present receive evidence.
—But he thought the jurisdiction of the House very lame
while it remained without the power to take evidence on
oath.
Mr. WM. SMITH thought that a sufficient prima facie
case had been made out by the evidence before the Election
Committee, to justify the bringing in the Bill. While
that Bill was in progress, certainly evidence should be
produced at the Bar of the House, and the parties accu-
sed ought to have the opportunity to answer for them-
selves. But, at the same time, it was not necessary, that
in a case of this kind they should proceed with the same
strictness and caution as they would be bound to do before
they could with propriety convict an individual judicially.
A community of this kind stood in a very different situa-
tion. The privilege was given to the community to be
exercised for the benefit of the public, and if the commu-
nity should be too corrupt to be able to exercise that pri-
vilege for its proper purpose, it ought to be deprived of
the franchise, although many of the individuals composing
the society might be innocent. Indeed, they who were
innocent ought to have come to the House with their pe-
titions against the corruption ; and not having done so,
they were, in some measure, responsible for it.
Mr. ROSS objected both to the disfranchisement and
to the transfer.
Mr. O'NEIL said, that he would oppose the Bill in all
its stages, on the same principle that be opposed the

Penryn Bill. It was a very serious matter to deprive the
community of its franchise. e
Sir CHARLES FORBES was of opinion that by far the
greater number of the Members of that Honse---he believed
nine-tenths—obtained their seats by money or by money's
worth ; and that, if they did not pay in meal, they paid in
malt. —(A laugh. )—He who paid his money down for his seat
was the Most independent Member.—(Hear, hear ! and a
laugh.) He said that he who paid down his money was the
most independent man, because he was under no obligation, if
otherwise independent, to vote in any manner contrary to
what he conscientiously thought to be the most proper
course. He was perfectly free to vote for those measures
which he himself approved, without consulting the wishes
or the views of any person or party. Many of those who
got their seats in another way, were bound to vote in any
way in which they were directed by others, as in the case
of Treasury Boroughs, and others iv.bich were held
upon much the same tenure ; and the consequence was,
that when they were called upon to vote on some
important questions, they found themselves obliged to re-
sign, because they could not screw their courage up to the
sticking point of voting in direct contradiction to the dic-
tates of their own conscience. Many of his friends had
been under the necessity of accepting the Chiltern Hun-
dreds, from the cause which he had stated. They eetild
not bring their consciences to the point to which they were
expected to come, and, therefore, had no alternative, except
to act in opposition to their own sense of duty, or to re-
sign. Boroughs which were represented in that manner
were by far the worst. He believed that in the time of
Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox, a proposition had been suggested
that so much of these Boroughs should he struck off on the
one side, arid so much on the other. He repeated that the
Boroughs, the Representatives of which. were called upo❑
to vote according to the views of others, and not according
to the dictates of their own consciences, were the worst,
and that the Members who paid down their money at once
for their seats were the most independent. As to Parlia-
mentary Reform, he did not exactly understand what was
meant by it. If it meant that no Members were to be re-
turned except from the purest and most disinterested mo-
tives, he was apprehensive that they would have but a thin
House, and that a great many places would remain without
Representatives who were at present represented. As mat-
ters-stood at this time, lie did not look at how the Mem-
bers obtained their seats. Lie looked at their conduct
both in and out of this House, and thought of them
accordingly. In short, he looked at measures, and
not at men. He remembered that, the very first

time he came into Parliament, he was called upon
to serve on a Helston Election Committee. In
that instance, the clearest case of corruption had been
made out that any Gentleman in that House could possibly
desire to have.—(A loud laugh.) That was a case in
which it appeared that the Duke of Leeds had interfered,
who was clearly proved to have paid to the Corporation of
Helston a sum of 1,5001., for paving and lighting the streets
of that Borough, which, of course, was so much saved to
the Corporation. He was then told that it was a very
serious matter to hold up a nobleman as a person guilty of
bribery and corruption ; but if these matters were to be thus
narrowly looked into, he maintained that, generally speak-
ing, to catch one rogue in ruffles was of much more conse-
quence than to catch ten in rags.—(A laugh.)—Yet no se-
rious notice was taken of this business of Helston ; and why
should not Helston be disfranchised for corruption as well as
the Boroughs of Penryn or Betford ? What was sauce for
the goose was sauce for the gander.—(A loud laugh. )--
Ever since that time he had set his face against these partial
attempts at reform—this method of punishing people, not
because they were guilty, but because they were found out,
or, in other words, because they were not so cunning and
hypocritical as others were. Let some general plan of
reform be brought forward, and then he would consider it,
but he could not approve of these partial proceedings. He
certainly would vote against this Bill, unless he saw some
good grounds from the evidence to alter his opinion ; but
if he should see such grounds, he would at once fairly state
that he bad altered his opinion. He saw no reason, how-
ever, at present, for supporting the proposition. He fully
agreed that the question ought to be determined by evidence
to be taken at the bar of the House, which he con-
sidered as quite as much to be relied upon as evidence
taken on oath before the Election Committees ; for an
honest man would tell the truth without any oath, while a
rogue was not to be depended on, even when examined on
oath.

Lord PALMERSTON was not at all prepared to sanc-
tion the free trade in votes, which the Hon. Baronet seemed
to contend for. He asked whether anything could more
contribute to the views of those who so eagerly contended
for theoretical reform, than that the House should be so
unwise as to maintain such abuses as this? The evidence
before the Committee established a prima fade case of
gross and general corruption, which not only justified, but
required some proceeding on the part of the House. The
case of Penryn was different from this, for there only a
small portion of the Borough was corrupt; while here
the whole Borough was corrupt. As for the case of Hel-
ston, two Bills had been brought into the House on that
subject, but had been lost in the other House.
After a few words in reply from Mr. TENNYSON,
the motion was agreed to.
The small Debts' Bill was read a second time, and
ordered to be committed on Friday next.
SCOTCH PAROCHIAL SETTLEAIENT:.;' BILL.
On the Order of the Day being read for the further con-

sideration of the Report of this Bill,
Mr. ESTCOURT suggested, that on account of the
advanced period of the Session, the Bill should be postponed.
Mr. KENNEDY having assented, the Bill was ordered,
pro forma, to be further considered on that day three months.
The Report of the Coventry Magistrates' Bill was then
taken into further consideration.
Mr. TYLER opposed it as unwise, unjust, and uncon-
stitutional.

The House having divided, the numbers were:—
For the Bill, 65 I Against it, 16 I Majority, 49.

The Bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
On the Order of the Day for the third reading of the
Salmon Fishery Bill,
Mr. R. GRANT advised that it should be postponed
till next Session. He moved, therefore, " That it he read
a third time that day three months."
Mr. KENNEDY felt great disappointment in having
his hopes frustrated at the end of the third Session during
which he had applied his labours to this subject.
Mr. HUME regretted that this Bill should he again
withdrawn.
After a few observations from Mr. ROBINSON, Mr. S.
RICE, and others, the Report was ordered to be taken into
further consideration on that day three months.
The further consideration of the Report upon the Game
Bill was postponed until to-morrow.
The Millbank Penitentiary Bill was read a third time and
passed.
The House went into a Committee on the Irish Juries'
Bill. The Clauses were agreed to, and the Report ordered
to be received on this day se'nnight.
The Butter Trading Bill was read a second time, and or-
dered to be committed to-morrow.
The Glass Bill was read a second time.—To he committed
to-morrow.
The Customs' Bill was read a second time, and ordered
to be committed on Thursday next.
The Exchequer Bills' Bill was read a second time. To
he committed to-morrow.
The Advances for Public Works' Bill was read a second
time. To be committed to-morrow.
Mr. S. RICE obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
Amend the Law respecting Manor Courts in Ireland.
Mr. S. RICE obtained leave to bring iu a Bill to regu-
late the Sale of Bread in Ireland.
Mr. HERRIES obtained leave to bring in a Bill to con-
solidate the Stamp Offices of England and Ireland.
Mr. TENNYSON brought in a Bill for excluding the
Electors of East Retford from sending Members to Parlia-
ment, and to extend that privilege to Birmingham. It
was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time
on Thursday next.
Adjourned at Twelve o'clock.
_

LIST OF TILE MINORITY
ON TEE REPORT OF THE COVENTRY MAGISTRACY DILL.
Birch, W. Hay, Adam Robinson
Charrington, Sir C. Lowther, Lord Russell, Lord Win
Corbett, P. Moreland, M. S. Spottiswoode, A.
Goulburn, Rt. Hn.H. Norton, 'Wetherell, Sir C.
Hardinge, Sir H. O'Neill, Wynn, Hon. O.
Hastings, Sir C.

A most extraordinary outrage was committed,
in the course of last week, by a Leith gentle-
man. Between him and a most respectable
Writer to the Signet, there were some mutual
outstanding accounts ; and the former called
upon the latter to submit a proposition regard-
ing their settlement, to which he refused to ac-
cede ; upon which, the former pulled out a pis-
tol and snapped it in the other's face, but fortu-
nately it flashed in the pan. He then drew out
another, and was about to fire it, when the gen-
tleman who was the object of his malice seized
hold of and overpowered him. He was imme-
diately taken into custody, and his case is at
present undergoing investigation.---Glasgotv
Herald.

THE GREEKS.

LETTER FROM M. EYNARD TO SIR JAMES

MACINTOSH.

London, June 10.
Sir,—You were the first to defend the cause or
the Greeks, by presenting to the House of Cora--
mons, on the 15th of July, 1822, a petition, praYing
that England, in concert with the other Powers,
would recognize the independence of that nation, by'
assigning to it the possession of a territory.
The other day you again pleaded this cause, it'.
speaking in a manner very honourable for your g
lusters, of the persuasion you entertain that the'
deliverance of Greece will be brought about trot"
quilly, but surely.
Since, then, you are the first and the last advo-
cate of Greek liberty in your assembly, allow toes
Sir, to express to you the pain I experienced on 01
arrival in England, at observing an indifference to
this cause of humanity. I have endeavoured to
discover the cause of a circumstance so extraordineri
among a people who stand at the head of every thi
great, generous, and philanthropic; and I conclud,
I front the conversations I have had with several Per
sons of high distinction, that this indifference is to'
be attributed to the disgust which has naturally bee°
created by the deplorable results of the (4reek;
Loans, the inexplicable accidents which have befall''
the steam-boats, the reports of the intestine discord.
among the Greek Chiefs, the pecuniary defalcations
which have been the consequence of these discords'
and finally, the injury which trade has sustaine'
from the Greek pirates. The unfavourable viel
taken of the cause of this unfortunate people
indeed so great, that I find, to my astonishment,„4.o
affairs of Greece are scarcely thought of; and to'•
there is want of correct information on the subject'
The interest you take in the fate of this nation
induces me to enter into some details. The fad*
on which the reproaches are founded are not dis-
puted; but justice requires that some observatioso,
should be made upon them.
1. Ought the Greeks to be accused of the !pis-
management of the loan, and the disasters of the
steam-boats ? Certainly not, as is well known to
all the world.
2. That intestine discords have existed is true;
but the history of every nation struggling for iod,;
pendence presents a similar picture; and surely °-
Greeks are not less excusable than others.
3. That several Chiefs have been deficient in /Ir:
the, probity, and patriotism, is too true ; but no 011-:
has betrayed his country by treating with the 'ittri‘s`.
1. That defalcations have taken place in Greeter
is also true; but for that the management of the
loans made in London is to blame. The fragroeil!'
saved from the wreck, instead of being forwarded ,°
provisions and ammunition, were transmitted in
gold to Chiefs just rising from a state of slaverli
Was not this throwing among them an apple; a
discord ?
.5. That Greek pirates commit depredations ():t:
commerce, is again true ; but does not the dread'
state of wretchedness to which the population isle;
duced afford some excuse for these disorders ?
should be recollected that the sailors of Clio,
sara, &c. have lost every thing; and that for th:
years they have had to support a miserable existoFl42
in a country completely ravaged by the eneinl*
When their wives and children call to them ftit
bread, what can they do ?
4
The remarks I have here hastily made do not! It
confess, entirely exculpate the Greeks; but I then
they ought to diminish the reproaches ;cast on weot,
for past transactions. -
aocl
Let us now consider their present situation, hie
their present conduct. I shall state only_auibsta
facts, which is the surest way to interest
convince.

1
1

PRESENT STATE OF GREECE•
1. The Greeks, sensible of the necessity of Pre;
vanting abuses, and of making their benefactor
place confidence in the application of their contrihW
dons, proposed to the Greek committees the 817'
pointment of two commissions, consisting of Euro'
Pti coal
of
sa and
the Greeks,
contributionst o be intrustedfrom
the N,:;oitmhmthitete de isS.tr bileiiiaab;
commissions have been installed, and consist of the
following members :
Col. Heideck, a German ; M. Baille, a French-
man ; M. Gosse, a Swiss; M. Xeno, a merchant
Admiral Miaulis, and Admiral Tombasis. t:i
One commission is established at Napoli, and.
receives all the supplies for the land forces. t
The other commission, which is stationed
Poros, receives the supply destined for the nOll4
2. The Greek seamen and ship-owners, feet_c
the necessity of establishing a national mariney,i',3,
given up their vessels to the Government. -a
were in want of an experienced commander,
they have appointed Lord Cochrane their High Ad''
miral, with full powers. Miaulis, Tombasis, a
to
all the other officers were unanimous in wishing

serve under the gallant English commander. j.
3. The divisions which prevailed among the - 5
litary chiefs no longer exist. They saw that it ‘v:01
necessary they should have a foreign leader. Gen
Church has accordingly been appointed con-10101.-d
of the land forces, and the chiefs who were 190°'
hostile to each other have united in serving "n

him.
4. The dissensions among the civil officers 1134.°„er
also terminated. The Primates who competed 'yr,
power agreed to choose for President a foreiP,eot
the choice has fallen on Count Capo vnt
as it is not yet certain whether he will or can ticcei,
the office, a provisional government of three Oe:0,
bers is in the mean time appointed. This nevi,Tir
vcrnment acts in perfect harmony with the conlL-eo
sions for distributing supplies, and at the Pres
moment order and union prevail in Greece. the
5. Fabvier, who has so bravely defended
and
Acropolis, Colonel Gordon, Colonel Heideek,
his brave Bavarians, all display the greatest 03

thtisliheiaaeritv:vilseog.
jecrbireAt.Ne,o, ieccalaelowsnlkmoitsilfia. Greece. -
ocml,liii
rTlcri
tielaalelriiysyila,:ficaillee'cthrsieev
lilG)lloarovctvehs Government, mbeenetn, the communicatedcommissions'
iielf,hsichhah7vaellbellennalltirMarOisUrnSitt::
MEANS OF RESISTANCE AND SUCCOURS SENT TO /It
GREEKS SINCE THE END or FEBRUARY, 1827. ,
The European Committees have purchased the
ship of war which d Lord Cochrane 1
conveyed
Greece.
I n order that
aaltosnmeleyaaniynsieihdgcaoectisaimtlrs
(araiprasoryhj
vgaitevetwr;littei bole'
and without
With
impediment,
hpmt
ahe
tdi
this
ITlLl:roiecurirvi,fcooiritoteicifh:oivral
should receive supplies destined exclusively icir 10-1.
1. Several cargoes have been despatched t° irtille-
Naval Commiddseserioa:b—nl,eusnudmet the orders of the
itcamel-1
CommitteelCommission,ie f.
for
ing3other wants of the naval force. dtO the
. Another sum has been transmitte Aat the
request of the Admiral, for the purpose 0' -
descents. d
ne
1. Powder and balls have been sent lh greiltc'hoe°
tities for the land service. Several cargoes °',:d t°
and various munitions have also been foriv‘„oble
the Commission at Napoli, as well as a consoiceo the
sum of money. The women and children, ‘vllo,ooo'
men go to battle, would die of hunger in the •, tisc
fo p a
yt‘hri
onaogs
pbtseheein)
uc trtrea:Ov7abi
:it
Ittr:re istinEpoiiiii:
tains of Greece. A cargo of provisions for theojii,
has been consigned to the Archbishop of NO iserY
Col. Heideck writes to me thus :--"Iltilella i 6
of the families of Souli, Attica, and ft°'-,A to 'Of
frightful. Bands of infants, women, and (”%sibe,
wander about, enduring hunger and every'. „ ot
evil, rather than slavery. The Archblsh°ll,o,
has opened
nriebda
andstil sc )
giverip ssitai o
tioanfosrtlicieenlio:tbesetbtessr,
tAtiofo entilneed to
unfortunate beings in the name of my cootitt
The succours despatched to Greece with h
..,,t to
three months by tbe different committees amou"plieo
more than 900,000 f. French money. Th! scitiPbred
can be continued for some time longer, i'll .unete
and munitions of war are secured to the union

lreeks until the end of August. Here let us hope
hat their fate will be then decided !
Inalinations benefactors have answered the call of
humanity. They have saved the Greeks from de-
struction.. They have aided them in becoming a
nation ; for their cause is gained. Good men of all
parties all countries are anxious for the deliverance
of the Greeks. Monarchs take an interest in their
destiny, and one Monarch has already openly de-
clared himself their protector. The noble King of
Bavaria has subscribed out of his privy purse more
than 100,000 f. But he has done still more in per-
mitting his officers to retain their pay, rank, and
uniform, while serving in Greece. In Prussia,
Saxony, Wurtemberg, and Holland, the Govern-
ments encourage the subscriptions. In France they
are tolerated; but the zeal and charity of the French
ladies have prompted them to solicit subscriptions,
and men of the highest distinction and rank are at
the head of whatever is done for this cause. In
Switzerland, the whole people in mass, the rich and
the poor, the women and' the children, all come
forward with their offerngs. The crusade of cha-
rity has procured numerous supplies, which have
been forwarded.
The cause of Greece is gained ! for none but a
few ignorant fanatics can wish that a Christian
People should return to slavery, and be exposed to
apostasy, violation, and massacre.
The cause of Greece is gained ; for the time is
arrived when the vise and enlightened policy of your
Government is .shout to decide the questioi, of hu-
manity in concert with the other Powers. Let us
hope that a prompt decision will nrevent fresh
disasters; bit let us, at the same time, learn to
await, without too much impatience, an arrange-
ment which may yet have to encounter considerable
difficult:es. We must rely on the wisdom of your
Ministers, and feel assured that they are sincerely
desirous of the complete independence of Greece,
under the protection of all the Powers.
If, Sir, you should be of opinion that the publica-
tion of the details I have submitted to you would
be useful to the Greek cause, I beg that you will
communicate them to your countrymen in the man-
ner which may appear to you most proper.
I have the honour to be, &c.,
Y. G. EYNARD.

TO THE COURAGEOUS PRIMATE Or SAMOS, IXCURGOS

LOGOTHETI, AND TO THE INHABITANTS OF THE ISLAND.
" The enthusiasm which now reigns in all Greece
ensures its independence ; the concord and union of
all the citizens, of all classes, announce that liberty
and prosperity will be established, and will last for
many centuries. •
the enemy; Only the islands need defence and suc-
cour. As soon as the fleet of Constantinople shall
leave the Dardanelles, that of Greece, under my
command, shall fly to your succour.
to dPrepare then, 0 generous Samiotes, not only
efend your own d, but, if the enemy be obstinately bent on theislan continuation of the warlike
I.initterprise against- Greece, to carry
" war also with me
° his °WTI dominions.
th The rescue vof the Greeks who groan in slavery,
nedPcunishrnent of the devastation of Scio and Ipsara,
ab
dally;; tte riches of the Turks of- Smyrna, shall
5 d -of your labours. -
.(Sitrzedj- • " COCHRANE;
" First Admiral and Chief of the Naval Force
of Greece.
!" Proro the ship Greece, April 5 (17.)"
