THE BANK AND LONDON BRIDGE.

The following is a Copy of the Contract entered into
by the Corporation of the City of London, for a Loan of
Money for the completion of London Bridge :
Copy of the Contract or Agreement entered into between
the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of
London on the one part, and the Governor and Com-
pany of the Bank of England of the other part, this
Fifteenth day of September, One Thousand Eight
Hundred and Twenty-nine; as follows :
The said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, in pur-
suance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the
tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, int:tuled,
4‘ An Act for improving the approaches to London Bridge,"
have applied to the said Governor and Company to lend
and advance the sum of one million pounds sterling, being
the whole of the money authorized to be raised for the
purpose of the said Act of Parliament, and which
the said Governor and Company have agreed to advance
and pay into the Chamber of the said City, by the
bands of Richard Clark, the Chamberlain of the
said city, or the Chamberlain for the time being; and it
bath been and is agreed, that the said advance shall be
made from time to time, in such proportions and at such
periods as shall be expressed in any requisition or appli
cation in writing, to be assigned from time to time by the
said Richard Clark, or the Chamberlain for the time being,
and addressed to the said Governor and Company, and
which advance, and every separate part thereof, is agreed
to be made by the said Governor and Company, and to
he received by the said Mayor and Commonalty and
Citivns, upon the express term and condition that the
whole of the fund in and by the said Act appropriated to
the purposes of the said Act, shall be applied from time to
time in discharge of the interest or annuity, at and after

~•
the rate of four pounds per centum per annum payable in
respect of the said advance, and the surplus after such pay-
ment, in and towards satisfaction of the principal money
to be advanced by the said Governor and Company, such
surplus to be applied at equal periods of not more than three
months from each other, in every year, so long as the said
fund or any Fart thereof shall remain receivable by the said
Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and further, that
in case the whole of the said advance which shall have
been made by the said Governor and Company, to-
gether with interest thereon at the rate of four pounds per
centum per annum from the respective time of such ad-
vance, shall not be paid and satisfied by means of the said
fund ao to be applied, or otherwise, on or before the sth
day of July, which will be in the year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, that then and in
that case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens
shall and will, out of some other fund or funds to be pro-
vided by an Act or Acts of Parliament for that purpose,
or out of their own proper funds, fully pay and discharge
the same advance and interest, or so much thereof as shall
then remain due and unpaid ; add it is further agreed be-
tween the said parties, that such advance shall not be made
in sums of lees than fifty thousand pounds each : and the
said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall give bonds
in the penal sum of one hundred thousand pounds each,
expressed to secure the payment of sums of fifty thousand
pounds each, with interest or annuity at the rate of four
pounds per centum per annum thereon, for securing the
sad advance, the form of which bend bath been settled
and agreed upon, and a copy thereof bath been signed by
the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Mayor and Com-
monalty and Citizens, and one of the solicitors of the said
Governor and Company : and lastly, it is agreed by the
said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, that in consi-
deration of the said Governor and Company having, to
save the expence of the said Mayor and Commonalty
and Citizens, agreed to accept bonds in the sum of
fifty thousand pounds each, and inasmuch as the said
Governor and Company may, in their discretion,
think proper to negotiate the whole or any part of
the said advance, the said Mayor sod Commonalty
and Citizens shall and will, at the proper costs and charges
of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, within
fourteen days after they shall have been required so to
do by notice given to the Town Clerk of the said City,
in pursuance of any resolution of the Court of Directors of
the said Company, deliver to the Chief Cashier for the
time being of the said Governor and Company, such and
so many bonds in the like form duly sealed, and executed
and conditional for the payment of slims of not less than
one thousand pounds each, with interest as tifiresaid, as
shall be equal in amount to the sum or sums due upon
the bond or bonds then in possession of the said Governor
and Company, which by the said resolution shall be re-
quired to be exchanged ; and the said Mayor and Com-
monalty and Citizens shall be entitled, at the time of the
delivery of such new bonds, to receive back the said bond
or bonds so required to be exchanged ; and the bond or
bonds so exchanged, and those taken in lieu thereof, shall
all bear the same date. In witness whereof the • said
Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said
Governor and Company, have respectively hereunto affixed
the Soot of the said respective Corporations."

T. RJPPON, Chief Cashier.
Bank of England, 26th April, 1830.
Examined by E. Tyrrell, Deputy Retnembrancer.

CORONER'S INQUEST- SUICIDE BY

TAKING PRUSSIC ACID.

Yesterday evening, at seven o'clock, an inquest
was held sit the house of Messrs. Bowling, Walker,
and Co., wholesale druggists, in Kent-street,Soulh-
work, before Mr. PAYNE, Coroner, and a highly-
respectable Jury, on view of the body of George
Corrie, who-poisoned himself on Wednesday last,
by taking prussic acid.
iiiireg„hasdurtgaieioerrii, :f.lisHsii:lisittrie,eat.--nd
Mr. George
imagine
On Wednesday, about half-past
ti:ll4:jaaallss
sent for to the deceased, whom I found in a chair
Fsruopmpotrhteed
stbuyi d two persons;
of
in the
ig,s:uaai:eflee(%diveaymtdaoo."irin:ne7as a shopmau
which still contained a small • • • ' quantity of prussic

Mr. James Bowling, the principal of the firm,
stated, that on arriving in this country from Ire-
land, about eight weeks ago, he examined the day-
book, kept by the deceased, and found great irregu-
larities in the entries. Witness went into the
country, and on his return his suspicions of the
integrity of the deceased having increased, he em-
ployed persona to go to the shop and purchase
sundry articles, anal on the same night after the de-
ceased had gone to bed, he examined his d4v-book,
and found that not one of those articles had been
entered. The witness then told the deceased that
he had been robbed to a very great extent, and that
he intended, in justice to himself, to tae him before
the Magistrates of Union-hall.

George Green, an apprentice to the firm, stated
hat he heard the deceased confess that he had sold
:he articles now produced.

John Jackson, an apprentice to the firm, on
Wednesday afternoon had a conversation in the
shop with the deceased, about the charge made
against him. The deceased entered into a long
explanation of his motives for making the etv ries
in the book in the manner complained of by Mr.
Bowling. He almost cried when he said this. Wit,
ness told him if he felt that his conscience vas
clear, he need not fear going to Union-hail, or any
where else. His actions appeared disordered, and
when customers came in he appeared h.srrily to
observe them. The deceased was naturally very
timid and nervous. He was 28 years of age.
The Coroner charged the Jury, and after a Otart
consultation, they returned a verdict, " That the
deceased destroyed himself by taking pru,sie avid
while in a state of temporary derangement."

RESEMBLANCE BETWEEN CHINESE

MUSIC.AND SCOTCri.

The Chinese have made little improvement in
music, since the time when Father Semedo and
Dr. Careri wrote. Their gamut is certainly the
diatonic scale of the Greeks; it consists of five
whole
resemble
:os:etoeimns and,bstelhen it e
s-het(oocc
stool
eennsdt
or;afararystni
dect oloett
laoenfri
r.d
Scotland.
sti
melodiesrnilele
nye' siAovoiberpbrei
yse-
smnßtitu:ruen/hs:s. Musique des Anciens, mentions an old
Chinese scale, of six notes, which Rameau has
preserved. The Abbe and Rameau differ as to
the nature of this scale, which, according
.to the
latter, produces, by applying the numbers to
ascending fifths, the Scottish scale, adding only
a note to complete the octave, thus,—C, D, E,
G, A, a. " The only specimen of Chinese
music which Rousseau has given in his Diction-
ary, from Du Halde, seems to confirm," in Dr.
Burney's opinion, " Rameau's scale ; for except
in one passage, at the beginning of the third
bar, when F. natural comes in so awkwardly, as
to raise a suspicion that it has been inserted by
a mistake of the engraver, the fourth and sevent4
of the key are scrupulously mixed throughout ;
and nothing can be more Scottish than the whole
cast of the air." Dr. Burney says, that " all the
specimens of Chinese melody which he had been
able to collect were of this sort ;" and Dr. Lied,
who had resided for some time in China, assured
Dr. Burney "all the melodies he had heard there
bore a strong resemblance to the old. Scots
tunes." The Doctor farther observes, that the
octave produced by omitting the third note
downwards in two tetrachords, as the second was
omitted in the enharmonic of Olympus; gives
exactly the Chinese scale of the Abbe Ronssier,
concluding as follows : " The Chinese scale,
take it which way we will, is certainly very Scot-.
tish. It is not my intention to insinuate by this,
that the one nation had its music from the other,
or that either was obliged to ancient Greece for
its melody, though there is a strong resemblance
in all three. The similarity, however, proves
them all to be more natural than they at first seem
to be, as well as more ancient. The Chinese
are extremely tenacious of old customs, and
equally enemies to innovation with the ancient
Egyptians, which favours the idea of the high
antiquity of this simple music ; and, as there is
reason to believe it very like the most ancient of
the Greek melodies, it is not difficult to suppose
it to be a species of music that is natural to a
people of simple manners, during the infancy cf
civilization and the arts among them."—Co4-
stablis Miscellany, Vol. LII. Hist. (yr Musk,

ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY.---The ballot for the
officers and for the Council took place on Thursday, ut
the rooms of the Horticultural Society, in Regent-street.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE WAS elected President,
JAWS. MORDISON, Esq., Treasurer, and N. A. VIGOIXS,
Esq., the Secretary ; Josßt BuooEs, Esq., G. B.

GREENOUGH, Esq., Sir itouatu triaex, Bar;., JAMIE
NIORRISON, Esq., and the Earl of Wtycnitsra, were
elected into the Council, in the room of the Earl of
EGREMONT, .Si' EVERARO Holtz, Bart., H. C. JILNICIN-,
sox, Esq., the Marquis of LOTHIAN, and the Earl of
llonwrcirattLEs. A most feeble opposition to the above
MIS attempted by Mr, 11AVILAND Enact, who most in-
chstriously distributed his list, elegantly printed on pink
paper, which was defeated by the good sense of the meet-
ing, and the majority was triumphant,
On Thursday afternoon, between three and
four o'clock, the excellent band belonging to the 2d Ile-
giaient of Life Gwen's, under the command of the Earl of
CITHCART, now stationed in the barracks in Hyde Park,
mare ed into Kensington Gardens for the first time this
season, where they performed a great variety of martial
airs and concerted pieces, to the infinite amusement of Cze
fashionable promenaders. who were enjoying the pleasure.
which this delightful spot affords. The hand returned to
their barracks between sivausi tem 0'41444

Ns. , \ . . .
...._ . . N .
-"N.°•'••.' .
....,
. ,
'N.
• • • -* ••••. <
HOUSE OF LORIS, MAY 7. ' auxiliaries, and to fortify wore strongly their im- '
--- authoritivee, anh would
hese lead to an eeee/IN of the whole, satisfactory, thouAgh. they cannot be said
tRICKS OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
•
pregnable rocks. Sank stork
- COMMITTEE OF PRIVILEGES. Yesterday morning the steam-vessel La Sphinx, I per Cep t. ttcd.
THE ANNANDALE PEERAGE, having on board 12 carronades, 24 pounders, left ;i.)sepreere&t.nt. :ons 221001 New Ditto
Ex. Bills, 41,00, 2d. 78 79 pm. Cents. 97} ; Bank Shares, 1344. Irish imports and exports for the last three
' Evidence in Ruppert of the claim of .Mr. Hope the roads to go and try whether the firing of cannon Dittleedt... -
Johnstone to this dignity was given before a Corn_ would cause any prejudice to its machines. Six 4,,M, iii26Ann.
m A Morning Paper of yesterday has the fol- IMPORTS. EXPORTS.
mittee of Privileges in,1826, when (the ease of the shots were fired, one at a time, then two at a time, Bank L. Ann.
e l9 1-16 (i` Date Small
ird.. 78
78 79
79 Lvis.: lowing paragraph :- ist7 Official Value. Official Value. Declared Value.
1,420,027 967,312 786,517
petitioner being closed) the Committee came to the afterwards three, four, eight and twelve. The corn- Eiittl:;°Yyeaarrss lB 13-16 Ditto
19 5-16 Bank for Account - "We notice, for the information and caution of medical 1828
1829
following resolution:- motion occasioned by the twelve shots fired together, India Stock 240% 40 India for Account
in. Cons. for May 25 ......92 •e, practitioners, that yesterday, in the Court of King's Here we have a considerable falling off in the
" That the consideration of this petition be ad_ although violent, did not in any way derange the Ditto Bonds
Bench, an indictment was presented, and a true bill found, 0
quantity of the exports, which arises, we regret
journed, and that the petitioner be required to lay 'machine; which still continued working. This
_PRtICES
BOF FOREIGNd FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK. by the Grand Jury of the county of Middlesex (on the
Neapolitan
before the House information whether there is any trial, which has turned out very satisfactorily, has 25 prosecution of the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy,
Peruvian Bends
BAruasz irliiaann Boonndl
person capable of claiming as heir male of James proved that artillery can be made use of on board Buenos
iilyr!is Bonds under the Act 9 Geo. IV. tap. 41, for regulating the care
, Prussian, Old
Johnstone, created Lord Johnstone of Lockwood, these vessels without the slightest inconvenience. • (‘-'•h: ?.
, oioima.ianonßosnds
'Ditto, New and treatment of insane persona), against Mr. Wm. Jones,
in 1633, and Earl of Hartfell in 1643; and whether. The second and fourth regiments of Light In- Ditto, 1824 25 %14 IRussian surgeon and apothecary, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, articles of butter, and salted beef and pork, the
James, his son, created Earl of Annandale and Hart- fantry have left their quarters at La Valette and vanish-
,;reeßonds ,Spanish, :821 -18 17% for having signed a certificate of insanity, without having
-.1823. 12
fell in 1662, had any daughters, and whether such Hieres for La Seyne, St. Nazaire, and Roudots. Ditto, 1825. 47% 'French Rentes, sp. c. -f. ...,.. visited and personally examined the patient, and for untruly
I- Exchange --f. -c. setting forth in such certificate that lie had visited and ex-Guatimala The state of the shipping will be seen from the
daughter or daughters, if any, had any issue male, Lieutenant-General Berthezene and Major-Gen. %text= Bonds '.--. 3 percent. -f
goe'cLoc:.t: ::::
and whether there is any issue male of the body of de Morvan inspect this morning the ninth regiment Ditto, 1525 37 6% ' amined the patient to whom it related." three following accounts for the United King-
Henrietta, daughter of the first Marquis of Annan- of Line, in the Champ-de-Mars. PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AY The Commissioners under the Act of the 9th corn and the Plantations. The first is of the
dale, who married Charles Earl of Hopetoun, and Four batteries of light artillery of the second and Paid.
xochwaßn
Per Share. Geo. IV. cap. 41, we have no doubt are dig- number of ships built, and
considering the very
£''oo 470
was great-grandmother of the claimant; and if there third regiments, arrived here this morning from 113.411Tcamn7,i112f,C(°.. £37 is% posed honestly to discharge their duty, but with
are any such persons, that notice be given of this Strasburg and Metz.-Globe. Real del Monte Mining Co. £4oo 61 . heavy burthens to which a British h• • s ip, in the
claim to such persons respectively, and that they be ANCONA, APRIL 19.-The news from Rome is Ditto Subscription (Thirds)
United Mex. Min. Co. Os,at 2/f5
• . cm.) £39% 914% the greatest zeal and best intentions it is impos-
-19 18 course of her building and •
respectively at liberty to attend this House on the far from confirming the alarming report respecting Liverpool and Manchester Railway lOO 172% sible they can afford any effectual protection to as well detailed not long
General Steam Navigation Co. 13 sie
claim of the petitioner. the health of the Holy Father. The weakness of
The question having stood over since May, 1826, his Holiness is merely the same as a great number PieRkICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, MAY 5.
Bank St 1 ' jst. Patrick insur. (per sh.) - regarding lunatics, every man in England enjoys held by out the lowness of freights to the in-
when their Lordships passed the resolution above of the inhabitants of Rome, resulting from the at- Consols, 3 per cent. -
stated, until this day, mospheric variations. This year, in fact, the Roman Gov. Stock, 3% per cent. 98% !National Ditto his personal liberty by the sufferance of medical vestment of •l in 11* •
capita s ipping, we think it by
. Ditto, New ;Patriotic Ditto -2%
States, during the month of February, experiencedpractitioners, any two of whom, if they choose
Mr. ADAM, on behalf of the petitioner, observed, 4 per Cent. 99% i Hibernian Bankno means unaccountable for :-
that in consequence of their Lordships' order, the the rigours of winter, the heat of the dog days, and
Royalo..DjabriT6sttecrkcent.... 924 IrirnoyvailnfriiaslhDititnoe
first to see, may legally sign a certificate of in-
both hot and cold winds. But the return of the SHIPS BUILT.
elaimant took every step in his power to give pub- Grand Canal Stock ;lmperial Mine 1827. 1828. 1899.
south wind has brought the sirocco of the African ZtlyiLe(l3.itteper cent -' Mining Co. of Ireland ...... 8 sanity and cause him to be incarcerated as mad, r._____A_____, ~.--,...........„1„..-A.--,
lieity to the resolution, and to find out if there were e Deb. 4p. c 93% Commercial Buildings
shores, and with it the contagious exhalations which - in one of those wretched sepulchres for the living Vessels. Tonnage. Vessels. Tonnage. Vessels. Tonnage.
any persons inexistence who had a
infect the greater part of Rome, and force the po- COURSE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
to the dignity in question. He had published the Arrieterdana C.F. 12 71 Leghorn 4;14 , a lunatic receptacle,-where once immured, he The second account is of the number of yes-
pulation to seek out. places which are kept healthy
whole of the order in fifty different newspapers se-Ditto, at sight...-. ........ 12 6 Genoa 25,95
,m 4 probably remains for the residue of his existence,
by a circulation of air. The physicians attached to Rotterdam 2U 12 71 Venice sels registered in his MAJESTY'S dominions for
vend times, calling on any person who had a claim l2 71 Malta 48% without the means ~,,6 (unless from accident) o
the apostolical palace of the Vatican have declared to liambelur3g M.B. 14 1* Naples
to state the nature of it to the petitioner's solicitor,
his Holiness that the seasons having changed so Altona l4 11 Palermo Per". 114,7 bringing his case before any public tribunal; it
and no person preferred a claim. , Paris, 3 days' sight 25 70 Lisbonof Shipping has observed, that the apparent de-
The Earl of ELDON asked in what part of the suddenly this year, the state of the country would Ditto 2U.26 95 Oporto 42% is only when, from the nature of his property,
kingdom were these advertisements published ? oblige him to leave the Vatican two months earlier Bordeaux 26 0 Rio .laneiro
crease, as compared with
Berlin
than usual. According to this Pius Vlllutable entirely to the operation of the new Re-
Mr. ADAM-In every part of England, Ireland, t advice, , Frankfort on Blaine,MieEx.34.lss/ Buenos Ayres . -
whose health is always precarious, quitted the pa- Petersburgh, ruble, 3 Ue. 10 0 Dublin, 21 days' sight l% of it without applying to the Court of Chancery, • Acts
and Scotland. Vienna, effective IL '2 M. 10 16 Cork l% gister, many vessels not having been regis-
lace the 16th of April, for Monte Cavallo, upon Trieste' do 10 17 BULLION, PRR Oz. that a Commission issues, and where it does, it
The Earl of ELDON observed that he had receivedtered de novof 1 •
ceased
, either froth laving to
Mount Quirinal. The Pontifical Court, the same Madrida.
a letter, about ten days ago, from a person residing
being
exempt t ie
day, -followed his Holiness to his new residence. Bilboa
in Carnaby-market, stating that the writer- was en- Last year Pius VIII. did not quit the Vatican be- Barcelona 35% New Doubloons oo o seldom affords the unhappy object any sufficient new laws. There has, however, been
an in-
titled to the dignity-of Annandale. and requesting
fore the. 30th of June, after the festival of St. Peter. Gibraltar 47% Silver. bars, standard 0 411 Opportunity to dis-u p t e the allegation against
(what perhaps was excusable) that he (Lord Eldon) crease during the last three • -
would examine his case, and give him his opinion e
...(211ENCISd.rnUNnDel PARIS, MAY 5. Five per Cents., 105 f. MAILS. him, or rebut the evidence got up by parties VESSELS REGISTERED.
Due. Arrived. Due.
respecting it.-(Laughter.)-He (Lord Eldon) 75et: §oc. 70e. 65c. ; Four and a Half per Cents., 105 f. ; Three Arrived. Dug
1 0 Hamburg 0 whose interest it is he should remain incarcerated, 'Vessels. Tons. Men.
wrote him, saying that he would give advice to no 470cie1;1,57.31,2f.9r)50.c."1f,9M; 9,1,-seriin4.B:woii-ii:k. 0 Brazil
person, but that if the writer intended to establish
Rentes d'E:sp., 1514%; Royal Spanish Loan, 89%; Rentes Per- 0 Buenos Ayret o 0 Jamaica o supported by the Doctors they have feed, most 1828
1829 ! 24,095 2,518.191 155,576
23,453 2,517,000 154,808
0 Carthagena. 0 0 Leeward Islands ... 0 likes elles d'Espagne, 82f. 82% %82 81% ; Haytian Loan, 520 kely with the money of their victim.
his claim, he should lose no time, as the case was ?,
!xtcuhange on London, One month, paper, 21if. SOc.; Money, 1 Dublin 0 0 Lisbon 0 The third account is the most important of all,
about to come before the House. 25f. 55f. •; three months, paper, 23f. 45c.; Money, 25f. 40c-Coairs 0 Flanders
1 France 0
O 0 Mexico
0 Sweden .-....
Authentique. eing that of vessels actually employed in the fo-
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with whom was the _ --__ __ 0 Guernsey &Jersey.. 0 1 Waterford 0 profession, which boasts among its members reign trade, whilst include •
the two former fishing
Lord Advocate, on the part of the Crown, observed, THE LATE SIR ROBERT PEEL. MGR WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW. many of the brightest ornaments of society,-
Morning ... ' 2 minutes after 3. I Evening...l7 minutes after 3.vessels , yachts, &c. which somewhat embarrass us
on looking over the pedigree, he did not see that the
but also includes others whose accomplishments • • •
claimant had made out that the person through (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) in viewing their totals. The following statement
THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN,
whom he claimed the title, as heir female, had not The above distinguished Baronet belonged to a are of a very different character. The mere fact •
MISS PATON'S BENEFIT. will at once satisfy all candid persons of the
brothers or sisters-some evidence to that effect respectable family which had been seated for several THURSDAY NEXT, MAY 13, 1830. of being a medical practitioner does not neees.
should be produced. On which occasion will be acted Shakspeare's Play of utter groundlessness of the assertions that
generations at Oswiltich, in the of Lances- sarily invest a man with any greater virtue than •
The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that there was
ter. He was born at Peel's Cross, near Lancaster, 1 revious to which the Overture to Fazio-(H. 11. Bishop). his neighbours, although it invests him with
a person at the bar to prove the affirmative. Shylock, Mr. C. KEMBLE. shipping by the reciprocity treaties, for it ap-
Mr. D. appeared as Counsel for John a small estate belonging to his father, on the 25th Lorenzo (with Songs) first time, Mr. WOOD. powers that are denied the SOVEREIGN. After
Portia, Miss FANNY KEMBLE, pears that the effect of those treaties has been to
Henry Godinge Johnstone, another claimant, who April, 1750, and had consequently just attained his (Her Seventh Appearance in that Character). the repeated instances that have been exposed
derived his title to that dignity from his maternal eightieth year at the period of his dissolution. It Jessica (with Songs) first time, and for this night only,
Miss PATON. (how many may there be that have not come to augment the former considerably, and that, from
uncle, who was the last heir male of the Annandale is said that very early in life Sir Robert entertained In the course of the Evening a variety of Singing. whatever cause, the latter has diminished in
family ; as this last claimant had not petitioned the comic Scena-'• I Violini tutti insiemi," by Mr. G. PENSON, light ?) of medical men signing certificates of in-
a strong presentiment that he
would become the (in Character), amount ••:-
Crown to establish his claim, or delivered in a The subject a fanatical Composer instructing his Band. Sanity " without having visited or personally
founder of a Noble fami)y, and at the age of four-sse
printed case, stating the nature of his claim to the To conclude with .... .- ,t' R ...I
examined the patient," what security has the ri '-' cZ? '.' g,,,,. - 1 AI
House, some discussion arose as to the mode in teen he frequently avowed his determination to raise THE BEGGAR'S OPERA. § iii r 8 P g--4
Captain Macheath, Mr. WOOD. public that they may not corruptly sign like cer- " 9.4 a
which he should be dealt with. He was not pre- himself to rank and consequence in society, declaring Mrs. Peachum, Mrs. DAVENPORT.
pared to produce evidence in support of his claim, his hope to be " Sure faber fortunw," on a cowrie- Lucy (first time), Hiss C A WSE. tifiicates, when they have so far complied with 'az lz :: ~,, gi 5 s'7,• i:-, i'.. to
Polly, Miss PATON.
Counsel asked for six weeks to prepare his case. tion that any situation in a free country is accessible rickets, Places, and Private Boxes to be had at the Box- the forms prescribed by law, as to visit the cg° 0- .2- :-:: E ii Fi:
• ,: • - v.
The LORD CHANCELLOR thought a month Office,
to a good capacity, aided by prudence and industry. Hart-street. victim ?In which case, the sanest man in Eng- I* ...0 --I t .6 J. Jo 2. t x
sufficient. '-' Fe, B`i .3, a• .%7:1
Sir Robert gave early proofs of quickness of per- THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.d § F, '
The Duke of GORDON considered ten days suffi- MR. FAWCETT'S FAREWELL BENEFIT. laud may be legally incarcerated as mad, without - - E .7 ..:.- ...w. 5 '' :31
ception. Hence probably arose that spirit in his 4 F. I . r; te gA § ' :t z
cient, as the case had been so long before the House, THURSDAY, MAY 20, Ib3o. redress, as Doctors are not responsible for what '° t-. 0
-1 MI ..,
.... •C
it was rather hard on the original claimant to have enterprises, and attention to active habits, for which THE GAMESTER. t.l
-.- . U sps > --I ~.. i Z Beverley, Mr. C. KEMBLE. might then be termed an error in judgment.
.F, U. .t. 7 ; -"' J° .." ,';'• H the case put off. The other party should have come he was distinguished in after-life. In the year Mrs. Beverley, Miss FANNY KEMBLE. tl Ze- 7..- a P x
prepared. 1770, Sir Robert, who had devoted himself to the With the Comedy of • The law respecting lunatics, as it at present i 6 If. P , U CJ. •••• 0 tl
Mr. DALZELL said, that they should be obliged to improvement of machinery, with a view to its con- King Charles,
CHARLES THE SECOND.
Mr. C KEMBLE. stands, so far from affording protection to the
.P• :' " ~. 0
P „:" 2' tt
1;
go to the coast of Africa for part of the evidence. . Captain Copp, Mr. FAWCETT, public, is in effect a public nuisance, since, C 2 i '.3 '4 tt.' g " 41''''
version to the purposes of commerce, made some
The Earl of ELDON observed, that there was . (His Last Appearance on the Stage). tr. .P. , ~,, t 3 UP CT . 1:a ~, .. Z
important discoveries in the application of mechani- Mary Copp, Miss FOOTE. although it does not justify, it opens the door to
2. ...›.
some slavery always attending Scotch cases. At the end of the Comedy, Mr. Fawcett will take leave of the
On the motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR three cal powers to the abridgment of human labour, in Audience, and introduce his Professional Friends, who, as a the commission of atrocities that have no parallel,
sg 34 I 7:- 3, cg .6. . ctii
,:ci 2E 3 ,g 3 -A i- H
1 ~ .....
weeks were allowed to the new claimant to prepare which branch of science Sir Richard Arkwrises Tribute of Friendship, have volunteered their services; among
..,
D'4 C. 6: -§1 '' el
S"'• whom will be found :- unless it be in the annals of the slave trade or 8 7 P..' ' .
H. 't
his case. The Committee then adjourned. had previous'y made some ingenious inventions. MESSRS. YOUNG MESSRS. BARTLEY MESSRS. KEELEY 2- LI 0 f 43 NI X
the Inquisition, as the enormities proved before md s. r rs z se re .... Fr !'',
MATHEWS ABBOTT MEADOWS .-• .Z.
.:. .? ~. ..?.. 7'3
- Sir Robert was then engaged in the cotton LISTON BLANCHARD POWER •
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. JONES DURUSET WARDE the Parliamentary Committees to have been prac- s'N"
S • g E- § ? te
trade, in which he gradually accumulated an SINCLAIR EGERTON WRENCH tised in our lunatic hospitals and receptacles - ______ r,,
C. ILESIBLII FARLEY SIR GEORGE SMART. X
FRENCH PAPERS. enormous property. Such was the extent to
Tickets to be had •of Mr. Fawcett, 4, Tavistock-street, Co. fully substantiate. :.-i s=l
'Li as - ~, 7 7 7 a
Z . . 4
which his business was carried, that he paid up- vent-garden; and of Mr. Notter, at the Box-Office, where co -.a - ..
8 6. LI ::.1 :1 .?. "4 ' til
ToCLON, APRIL 29.-The army is really superb, Places may be taken. _ - r. U
wards of 4,0001. annually to the Excise-office on e to
and animated with the best spirit. The regiments
printed goods alone. He was remarkably attentive WHITE CONDUIT-HOUSE AND GARDENS. The annual finance accounts, which have just •?' -"' •t° o JO JO j• 0
which have come from the north of France have ssl .e. ' ,;-] t 3
~;1 f ; V g z
to the internal comfort of his workmen, and the The Public are respectfully informed that been printed, present us with, on the whole, a s' C, p g. 0
not left a single man behind them. Our young sol- g .',. N •••=i. "a 'A "S - '-
health of the children employed
. in his manufactories, On MONDAY there will be a 0
diers, who have rot been able to form a part of theGRAND CONCERT Satisfactory view of the state of our trade and o
U
and in the year 1502, he introduced a Bill into OF VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC ,_
battalions engaged in active service, are really affl ' . o e- -
Parliament to ameliorate the condition of appren- IN THE GARDENS. navigation. Judging from these accounts alone,
."'--., 1:.•!. X - g .2 '• .ic.' 11, f,
ed and many non-commissioned officers have 1e- . . • MISS LAN D.-This Young Lady, who made a most success- . lc g
. ' .1 .r_ _•_ ..._,, :., ~..A,... ~ ‘,„,.,. ti,„e„ 1,„„„i;„„c tices in the cotton and woollen trades. Sir Robert run debut on Monday last, has been engaged, and will sing every It would be difficult to reconcile the complaints aj g E • ri P. al' P

ToCLON, APRIL 29.—The army is really superb,
and animated with the best spirit. The regiments
which have come from the north of France have
not left a single man behind them. Our young sol-
diers, who have not been able to form a part of the
battalions engaged in active service, are really afflict-
ed, and many non-commissioned officers have re-
signed their rank, in order to enter these battalions
on the footing of soldiers. There are 30,000 men
of infantry, and 5,000 of other troops.
The navy is not less zealous than the army : the
crews are in an excellent state, and the greatest
efforts are made in order to be ready in time. We
have counted 99 vessels of all sizes, and about 500
transports.
No armament of such importance had been made
since the expedition of Egypt; and even at that
period the feet was not all assembled at Toulon, it
was dispersed in several ports of the Mediterranean.
All kinds of precautions have been taken to secure
the health of our soldiers against the climate and
the diseases to which Europeans are exposed.
Never, at any epoch, were the persons employed in
the administrations and hospitals so numerous. The
tear which we have undertaken is much better un-
derstood in the south than in the north of France.
We view it with pleasure, because its result will be
to destroy the piracy which has been so long infest-
ing our maritime commerce; the army is in conse-
quence received with satisfaction in every place
where it passes.
The weather is beautiful : for the last six weeks
slot a single drop of rain has fallen in Provence.
Several vessels of the division of Brest have en-
tered the port, and taken their station near the Ad-
mind's ship La Provence. It is the same vessel
which was insulted by the Algerines, and will have
on board the Admiral and the General who are to
take vengeance for this affront. Not far from it is
the Trident, under the command of Rear-Admiral
Rosamel : this ship has just returned from the Le-
vant, and though the crew had a right to be die-
eliarged, it has demanded as a favour to be employed
in the campaign. The Congreve fusess are tried
daily, the sailors exercise at firing the great guns,
and the infantry at the military evolutions. Add to
that some thousands of boats, which are continually
going to and frc, and you may have an idea of the
spectacle which the second port of France presents
rsc this moment.

The above distinguished Baronet belonged to a
respectable family which had been seated for several
generations at Oswiltich, in the county of Lancas-
ter. He was born at Peel's Cross, near Lancaster,
a small estate belonging to his father, on the 25th
April, 1750, and had consequently just attained his
eightieth year at the period of his dissolution. It
is said that very early in life Sir Robert entertained
a strong presentiment that he would become the
founder of a Noble family, and at the age of four-
teen he frequently avowed his determination to raise
himself to rank and consequence in society, declaring
his hope to be " Sure faber fortunm," on a convic-
tion that any situation in a free country is accessible
to a good capacity, aided by prudence and industry.
Sir Robert gave early proofs of quickness of per-
ception. Hence probably arose that spirit in his
enterprises, and attention to active habits, for which
he was distinguished in after-life. In the year
1770, Sir Robert, who had devoted himself to the
improvement of machinery, with a view to its con-
version to the purposes of commerce, made some
important discoveries in the application of mechani-
cal powers to the abridgment of human labour, in
which branch of science Sir Richard Arkwright
had previous!), made some ingenious inventions.
Sir Robert was then engaged in the cotton
trade, in which he gradually accumulated an
enormous property. Such was the extent to
which his business was carried, that he paid up-
wards of 4,0001. annually to the Excise office on
printed goods alone. He was remarkably attentive
l
to the internal comfort of his workmen, and the
health of the children employed in his manufactories,
and, in the year 1802, he introduced a Bill into
Parliament to ameliorate the condition of appren-
tices in the cotton and woollen trades. Sir Robert
was also known as an author, and obtained celebrity
by a work entitled " The National Debt produc-
tive of National Prosperity." He subscribed ex-
tensively to the voluntary contributions in 1797, for
carrying en the war against the French Republican
Government. In addition to the munificent con-
tribution of fifty thousand pounds, he trained his
own workmen to military discipline, and made an
addition of six companies to the volunteers of the
day from his own manufactories. Sir Robert sus-
tained the reputation of bestowing considerable
sums in elemosynary purposes, and in all the rela-
tions of private life he was highly estimable. He
represented the town of Tamworth, in which he
established extensive cotton works, from the year
1790 to the general election in 1818, when he re-
signed his seat in favour of his second son, Mr.
William Yates Peel. Sir Robert's first wife was
the daughter of his partner, Mr. William Yates, of
Bury, and by this lady, to whom he was united July
8, 1783, he had issue the Right Hon. Robert
(the present Baronet) born Feb. 6, 1788 (when
his father had nearly completed his 40th, and his
mother was yet in her 18th year) Secretary of State
for the Home Department ; married June 8, 1820,
Julia, youngest daughter of the late General Sir
John, and sister to the present Sir Henry Floyd,
Bart., by whom the Right Hon. Baronet has a
family of four children.-2. William Yates Peel,
Esq., M.P., Under-Secretary of State for the Home
Department ; married, 17th of June, 1819, Lady
Jane Eliza Moore, born 1796, sister of the present
Earl of Mountcashel, by which lady he has several
children.-3. The Reverend Edward Peel, born
1791, married, 1812, Jane, second daughter of John
Swinten, Esq., of Swinten, county of Stafford.-
4. John Peel, Esq., born 22d of August, 1198.-
5. Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Peel, late of the
Foot Guards, M.P. for the city of Norwich, born
1799; married March 19, 1824, Lady Alicia Jane
Kennedy, youngest daughter of the Earl of Cas-
silis.-6. Mary, born June, 1784; married 1816,
Geo. Robert Dawson, Esq., of Castle Dawson,
M.P. for Londonderry, and joint Secretary to the
Treasury.-7. Eliza, born 1786 ; married, 30th
December, 1805, the Very Rev. William Cockburn,
D.D., Dean of York.-8. Harriett Eleanora, born
1797; married, March, 1824, the Hon. Robert
Henley Eden, M.P. for the borough of Fowey,
a Master in Chancery, and eldest son of
Lord Henley.-9. Laurence Peel, Esq., born
1799, M.P. for Cockermouth, and a Commis-
sioner for the Affairs of India, married 1822,
Lady Jane Lennox, youngest daughter of the
late Duke of Richmond. Sir Robert survived his
first wife, and he married, secondly, October 18,
1805, Su,annah, youngest daughter of Francis
Clarke, Esq.; and sister of Sir William Henry
. Clarke, Bait. of Bury, county of Lancaster, and she
died September 19, 1824. The venerable Baronet
thus succeeded in allying his children to some of the
noblest families in the kingdom ; and so numerous,
it appears, are his descendants, that, on the occasion
of the anniversary of his seventy-sightli birth-day,
in 1828, he presented a silver medal to each of his
fifty children and grand-children present. Sir
Robert filled the office of Vice-President of the
Literary Fund, and was also a Governor of Christ's
Hospital. Amidst his multifarious avocations abroad,
the late Baronet was at home the indefatigable
supervisor of his children's instruction, and he
bestowed much attention in forming the Right Hon.
Secretary of State for both public and private life.

WHITE CONDUIT-HOUSE AND GARDENS.
The Public are respectfully informed that
On MONDAY there will be a
GRAND CONCERT
OF VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC
IN THE GARDENS.
MISS LAND.—This Young Lady, who made a most success-
tull debut on Monday last, has been engaged, and will sing every
Evening.
The Gardens will be opened at Half-past Six o'clock, and the
Concert commence at Half-past Seven.
Refreshments of every description may be had.
Port, Sherry, and Bucellas, 4s. per Bottle.

The annual finance accounts, which have just
been printed, present us with, on the whole, a
satisfactory view of the state of our trade and
navigation. Judging from these accounts alone,
it would be difficult to reconcile the complaints
we have lately heard in all quarters of the
general stagnation -of all branches of industry,
and it would be almost impossible to believe
that the opponents of free trade should have had
the courage first to assert openly that our com-
merce is ruined, and then to attribute that ruin
to measures which, so far as they have gone,
have proved so highly beneficial to the country.
A short summary of the Sessional Accounts will
enable our readers to judge upon what founda-
tion such assertions rest.

For th• last three years the imports and ex-
ports of the United Kingdom hare been as

follows :

The expedition will probably set sail on the Bth
M. 10th; and even then there will be no time lost,
for the best months for the navigation of the Medi-
tirranean are those of May, June, July, and August.
—Gazette de France.

IMPORTS. EXPORTS.
Official Value. Official Value. Declared Value.
1827 44,587,774 62,050,60.3 117,182,157
1828 45,0-28,805 62,744,000 86,814,176
1829 43,981,317 66,835,444 35,8.30,469
Here is a considerable increase in the exports, in
quantity, as exhibited by the official value; and as
to the falling off in the declared value, which has so
much alarmed some politicians, it appears to have
taken place to a very trifling amount in some of
the principal branches of our manufactures, while
of others the real value has increased. The real
value of the British cotton manufactures ex-
ported fell from 13,545,6381. in 1828 to
13,420,5441. in 1829, being only 125,0001. ;
the woollen manufactures from 5,120,226/. to
4,656,8091., being the greatest fall in price of
all ; the linen manufactures from 2,000,0331. to
1,885,831/. ; and the iron and steel, wrought
anti unwrought, from 1,226,836/. to 1,155,176/.
On the other hand, the declared value of hard-
ware and cutlery exported rose from 1,385,616/.
in 1828 to 1,389,514/. in 1829 ; that of cotton
yarn from 3,594,9451. to 3,794,039/. ; that of
brass and copper manufactures from 678,531/.
to 810,6411. ; that of silk manufactures from
255,7551. to 267,1921., a fact worthy of parti-
cular notice, when coupled with the circumstance!
of the importations of Continental silk manufac-
tures having fallen off from 545,680/. in 1828
to 424,689/. in 1829: It is an error, we admit,
to estimate the value of our manufacturing in-
dustry by the low money prices of the day,
compared to those of former years, for the
national wealth consists in the quantity of ex-
changeable commodies produced in the nation,
and in no degree depends on the greater or less
value of money ; but we allude to the declared
value of exports, in order to show that the argu-
ments of national decay, drawn from its assumed
diminution, do not rest upon facts sufficient to
make them worthy of notice, even supposing
there had not been the large increase which
there is in the quantity of all the great branches
of manufactures exported during the last year.
The accounts for Ireland are not, on the

These official returns require no comment,
further than that we are happy to observe that
Ireland fully participates in the general increase.
