FROM THE 110N/TEUIL

• ALGIERS-, FEB.a3.—aThe apieit of Revolution
which has annottaced itself in this country with
match terrible symptoms does -not yet seem to. be
entirely stilled. It is known that Tremccen has
been delivered--tip to the, horrors of -a pillage,
in
which 200 Jews perished. Here the scarcity ex-
cited apprehensions of fresh tuniults : a 'few execua
tions stopped the troubles ready to ba renewed. -
woman accused of having propagated seditious ru-
mours . was thrown into the sea : at present the
town is quiet ; but the minds of the. Soldiers in the
Barracks are still agitated ; it is even asserted that
a conspiracy had been formed there ; and that seve-
ral Turks, convicted of being concerned in it, were
strangled.
In the mean time the Regency has been the
*etre of agitations of another kind. Mr. CART-
WRiGHT, the English Consul, set all the springs at
work of intrigue and corruption to detach the DRY
from the particular affeaion be bears to France in
the peraon. of .her Emperor. Hedistributed pre-
sotts..to all the Grandees, to the men in otlice, and
eyen to the lowest: Sbirres of the Regency. Six
weeks after the Battle of Trafalgar he officially an-
nonnced that the British Fleet had gained a Vic-
,teeyein which the Admirals of, the two Fleets were
killed. But these pretended advantages, and the
presumption with which he displayed them, were
unable to gala him the favoer_ lie. had lost ; and in
consequence of discussions which took place three
days after relative to the French ,Consul, the DRY.
ordered Mr. CARTWRIGHT to be driven out of his
Palace by aiTchaoux.
However the British Consul, still unfired with
either humiliations or intrigues, did not renounce his
hopes. His projects tended to nothing less than to
bring the three. Regencies into the Coalition, and
to get possession of the trade of the Kingdom. of
Algiers, by establishing armed.FaCtories at Bonne
aid Oi-au. To arrive at this result, all measures are
eligible for the English Agent, and lie was power-
funy secoaded by Ins Government. It was exa&ly
'at the moment when the immortal Emperor of the
Bench was entering. Germany at the' head of his
Grand Army that M. CaverwaiOnr redoubled his
efforts ; and it cannot be denied, that, proteaed by
the all-powerful Aga, lie had for
,some time great
advantage. Succours in men, in warlike stores, and
p.-ovisiens, were carried by :English Armaments to
the Fortress of Oran, besieged by the Rebels ;* pre.:
Rents were distributed to all the 'Grandees of the
Ilegency ; a considerable sum was
.promised to the
Agaif he resolved on the Measures 'propOaed against
France and Spain.: in: fine, two Commanders of
Frigates were sent hither to congratulate the Dar
upon his Accession to the Throne, and offer him
presents proportioned to the importance of the de-
tareaination solicited:. These two COmnaanders eaen
patatively asserted that the Grand Signior and Prus-
sia had united their areas to those of Austria and Russia
against France, and that the Emperor of the Frendi
had already met with considerable' losses 'upon the
Rhine.
This news, guaranteed in the most solemn man-
ner, supported by the charrhs of sedualm and by •
°aims rumours spread against the French Charge
d'4ffaires, placed the life of the latter in the utmost
danger at the- time of the dreadful pillage exercised
over the unfortunate Jews.
blare authentic and more certain information, to-
gether with-tile death of the Aga; which happened
at that interval, suddenly disconcerted the intrigues
of the English Consul,- A few :days previous to the
death of the Aga, the Din: had convoked a Divan at
the Marine, which the French and English Chdrge
d'Affaires were invited to attend, The purpose of
this Assembly was to discuss the complaints lodged
against the piracies of the English off Bonne. The
French Canaul-General and .Charge d'A ffaires, ar-
fving from the country where he had received this
invitation, learned that the. English ConSul was al-
ready two hours at. the Mdrine, and had taken. the
place-of humor next the. Admiral, 'to obtain over
pine the precedence which was granted by the an-
tient and new Treaties to the French Envoys over
all
the others, and, in a private conversation which he
bad whit tlie.DaY, he expatiated at largeou the tya
ranny which the EngliSh Agents were endeavouring
to exercise in all Governments. , The DEY listened
to him with attention, was struck, above all,. when
the French Consul unveile to Lim the intrigues of
the Cabinet .of St. James's at Constantinople, to
bring the GRAND SEIGNIOR into.the deplorable state
• Which his power is fallen lam. The. Divan of the
Marine was broker_ up, and the DEY gave orders
at Bonne, conformably to the desires of the Freeeh
Consul. .
This conference may be .considered as the period
'of the,absolute fall of, the consideration of the Eng-
lish Consul with thee Regency.e A few days after,
the death of the Aga bereft hini of an accomplice
end'aPowerful proteCtot. elie.iriedsin vain by pre-
, seats, flattery, and intrigues, his usual resources, to
resume the favour which he had lost. 'These ri eans.
turned against himself. Prostrate at the feet of the
Graniees of Algiers,- he even fatigued then-I:with hiS
baseness ; lie meddled in the affairs of the Country,
made exaggerated claims for Jews, whom he caused
• to wear the English cockade.. The DEY began to'
desire him to present himself before him only for
the affairs which concerned his_ Government, ancl
N.chich could net be treated by the organ
.of his Dra-
goman. Mr. CARTWRI6HT, paying little attention
to this warning, presented himself
,again,••and the
DaY was obliged to order him to be refused- admis,
sion at the gate of the'Pala.ce, and at length to bast
• him turned away by a Tchaoux.
• According to an immemorial custom, at the festi-
vals of Bavratn, ail the Foreign Conabls repair in a
Corps to the Palace to salute the Div and the Gran-
deea of-the Regency. A few days
.before the Day
gave orders not to let in the English . Consul, who
had the prudence not to present himself, and the
customary presents, which he got shamefully deli-
vered by a Janissary, were sent•bim back. , •
Nevertheless, thiS English Agent, who affected
the 'greatest haughtiness towards the:Agents of the
other Nations, and who called himself Consul of the

The English Consul at. present claims 50.00 n Spanish
dollars 1,,t this ()Wed. But the DE.y answers that he ac-
q,4itted that sum by restoring Z 5 Maltese slaves.

Consids, had obtained ,through intrigues under the
power of the Aga,: the country-House of the unfor-
tunate DEY MnsrArnii. It is a very handSoMe
Palace situate at; some distance, and to the Eastward.
of the town, cdaintandiag the whole road : even in
Europe. it would be a very remarkable monunient..
The DE 'y sent him orders to quit it. ' Mr. GAnT-
WRIGIIT caused several steps to be taken by a -few
partisans'ho h4d. left, in order to avoid this new
llta-
bUt: the Dty retrained inflexible, and the
BriOsh. Agent was
.obliged to cause his furniture to
be removed in the utmost haSte.. He still, however,
left the pole of 'his flag standing ; but the liegency
caused it to betaken down. A few days afterwards,
the DEY Olaae:art offer of this country-house to. the
French Constil, Who thanked him for the favour, but
alledged that he had another ; the Dcv, however,
insisted, saying that he was determined that the'
Chargé d'Affaires of the, Emperor of France should
haVe. a suitable residence, and' sent him the keys by
a Tchaoux. The flags of His Majesty the EmperOr
and king have, continued floating' on it since that
period. , .
After his return to the town, the London Consul
shut himself up in his house, whiCh he did not quit
for fear of being insulted' by the vileSt of the pnpu-
laCe. He: did'not even see any of the other Consuls.'
Another circumstance completedthe disgrace, and
ended by causing Ur. ,CARTWRIGUT to be sent off.,
It deserves to be developed.

From. four to five- hundred Portuguese Prisoners
were in slavery,' and the Spanish'Consul was to be
appointed to ransom them. But Mr. CARTWRIGHT,
wishing, to take this negotiation into his own hands,
had in cptijuuttion with some Officers caused the
dispositions of the Court of Lisbon to be changed.
The PriSeners seeing the contempt in which the
J;;nglish Consul was held, wished to entrust their
interest to the. k'rench Consul,. But Mr. CART-
'WRIGHT's intrigues
.had suspended all negotiation„
Thus, whilst the prote6tion of th'e Emperor of the
French caused all French or Italian subjeas to be
gratuitously released, Whilst even the Sardinians,
who had' been slai'es for twenty' years, such as
Joseph - Granara, and Theresa Calderoni, by the
French Qousufs'intervgniion, got rid of their chains
for the foUrth' of the ordinary ransom; the Consul
Of a Power which' calls itself the Siavereign of the
Seas, suffered the Subjects
,of 411 Ally ;to languish
'in all the horrors of slavery, and even obstrtiEted the
efforts which the French Consul was making to re-
deem them ! .
In short, after this affair had been delayed several
months, owing tO the oppositiOn it met whh from
the Ene,lish Conshl;an advice bOat arrived here on
the 2eth January, by which the Spanish Consul
learnt that a Portuguese Squadron,' consisting of two
Sail of the Line, tWo Frigates, and a Brig, were at Ali-
cant, and might he'expeCted here every instant, in
order to negotiate Peace and ransom 500 Slaves who
Were at Algiers. On the 30th, signals were made
for the Portuguese division being in sight, which
soon advanced intO the' middle of the-Road, with the
Flag of Truce hoisted • The Consul of Spain imme-
diately hastened ow board, but the very moment the
division appeared, MT.CARTWRIGHT sent out a small
English Privateer which sailed dire& towards it.—
After some conversation had taken place between
the-Captain of this Privateer and the Portuguese di-
vision, the latter tacked about.
The Regency' presumed that, the English Consul,
Who had for a long' time been intriguing both here
and at Lisbon, in order to be charged with this ne-
gotiation,: seeing that his attempts for that purp6se
were baffled, had hastened to break it off, by giving
advice 'to the Portuguese Chinmandant, that three
of the Regency's corsairs were on the point of coin-
ing into port, as' well as a large Portuguese mer-
chantman richly 'laden takeh the Bois'
Ahrineda. The Ds' seeing the folloWing morning,
that the Portuguese Division had' disappeared, fell
into the most viialent passion, called the English
Consul a spy, and said that he shatild be beheaded
were any accident to happen to the Algerine Corsairs
at sea, even were he sure that not a stone would be
left standing in Algiers."
' Mr. CAUTWIIIGHT, having been informed of the
dispOsition of the DEY, sent his Jew brother (for. his
Drogmail and Janissary have been taken away from
him) to ask for an audience of the DEY, in order to
.beg pardOn for his condtia..,, The Prinee replied,
that As long as he was DEY Of ALGIERS, he Would
never behold, even at *a distanee, the fa& of a matt
unworthy of representing a Government. -Mr. CART-
WRIGHT theft sent out a boat after. the Portquese,
but, after beating about at sea fcr several days with-
out coining up with them, it returned to port. The
three Corsairs are also ,arrived, with the P6rtn&uese
Prize, which is now • selling at Tangiers. By an
American Brig; which caine into this harbour a few
'days since, and-which had- spoken With the Portu7
guese, the Regency has been informed that they
were cruizing to tho eastward of Algiers, and were
to return here as soon as the -weather, permitted.—
They have hot, lioweVer; made their appearance,
'and it is said ,they rxe.returned to Gibraltar.
This affair would have rendered- the situation.. of
the English'Consul still.. more critical, had not a
Sloop, hastily dispatched by the Governor erGib-
raltar, on the information he had 'received of Mr.
CARTwatotif position, cast anchor before Algier
on the inth instant. The English Consul went
down to the Marine in order to get on board, but
the Vckilharji would, not suffer him to embark with-
out pertniF:sion from Ve DEY. . •
The Captain of the Sloop Went to the DEY'S Par
lace with the American. Charge d'Affaires, when
long explanations took
.place on the condua of the
'English Agent. The WY again called him a spy,
and a man unworthy to represent a Sovereign. He
declared that as long as he was DEY of ALGIERS no
consideration should inthice him to treat With Mr.
CARTWRIGHI. •
New attempts were in vain made on the following-
morning to induce' the DEY to adopt more favour=
able senttnents towards Mr. CARTw RIGHT, • and to
avoid a new humiliation for the British Government.
The inflexible DEY required that Mr. CARTWRIQHT
should quit the residence ; *and. yesterday he em-
barked with all his property on board,the English
Sloop,' the Commander Of which saluted him with
thirteen guns. •

-This Prize ls valued at a million of francs : she had left
Lisbon, and was bound for'the Brazils.

ar
LONDON : rrinted by •R t CHAT: R RIS, of No; 4; Martlzit.courty Bu.:`-street ;
• . •
.11A-the Sviv.o vvics, Vo. 11g, Sckand j where ficleertiFiments Orders.
