SCHOOL OF ARTS-EDINBURGH.

- •
This InstitutiOn the nature and objects of
which have been already described in otir paper, opened on
Tuesday night in Freemason's Hall, Niddry-street, when Dr.
FYFE delivered the first of a course of Lecture's On Chernistry.
On this interesting occasion the Directors were favoured with
the presence of the Lord Provost, and a number of gentlemen,
patrons and subscribers to the Institution.
Previous to the lecture, LEON RD HORNER, Esq. deliver-
ed, in the name of the Directors, a preliminary address to the.
students, in which, after shortly recapitulating the nature and
objects of the institution, as explained in the prospectus, he
observed that it had been the proad ditinction of Scotland, that
while other countries were buried in the slavery of ignorance,
the blessings of education had been here diffused by means of
our parochial institutions—and the barrier broken down which
shuts out the poor man from those branches of human know-
ledge, which were calculated to call forth native genius, and
open up the sources of wealth and happiness to the labouring
classes. There was no part of the civilized world in which
Scotsmen were not to be found who had risen to eminence by
the exercise of their talents ; and it would be easy to-enumerate
instances to shew that in the praises he had bestowed on our
native country, he did not claim for it more honour than fairly
belonged to it. He would mention two particular instances,
which were well calculated to stimulate his auditors in the pm,
suit of the high rewards of industry and genius. He spoke of
their countrymen, those celebrated engineers Watt and Rennie.
Mr. Watt, the inventor of the steam engine, was a native of
Greenock, and at 30 years old was employed as a mathematical
instrument maker. By his subsequent exertions that powerful
instrument the steam-engine had been brought to such perfec-
tion as to be applied to moat of the purposes of useful life, and
to render cheap and accessible the materials of wealth and
prosperity. And this great man had reaped the full reward
of lus genius and perseverance in the acquisition of an ample
fortune, and.in securing the esteem and respect of all ranks
and classes of the community. Mr. Rennie, who was but
a few days 'lost to the world, had risen also from an humble
sphere ,of life to the highest eminence in his profession. Mr.
Horner here read an extract froth a book published in 1779,
by a Mr. David Loch, in which, describing a visit he paid to a
school at Dunbar, he notices the examination of the mathema-
tiCal class, and the amazing genius displayed by Mr. Rennie,
then a young man, following the business of a mill-wright ;
and who he describes as a second Newton, for whom no pro-
blem, either in natural or experimental philosophy, was too
hard ; and prophecies that he would, at no distant period,
prove a great honour to his country. Mr. Horner appealed to
the subsequent history of Mr. Rennie, to prove that this pro-
phecy had- bee- amply fulfilled. After prosecuting the busi-
ness.of a mill-wright for a short time in Scotland, Mr. Rennie."
had gone to London, and followed the profession of a civil en-
gineer, in 'which he soon rose to the highest rank, and enjoyed
the esteem and society of all eminent men. Scarcely any great
public work had been undertaken for many years in which Mr.
Rennie was not the engineer ; and, among his last undertak-
ings, the Waterloo Bridge at London had been spoken of by
the celebrated Canova as the finest work in Europe.* The ce-
lebrated astronomer James Ferguson was also another remark-
able instance where the cultivation of natural genius had raised
its possessor from a humble origin to the highest distinc-
tion. Mr. Ferguson was originally a shepherd boy, and his
education had been scanty indeed.; only three months at.
tendante at the grammar-school of Keith ; but the native
force of his gairms overcame all obstacles. • He might
mention many other instances of men .gifted by nature, and
whose great talents must have been lost to the world, but
for the institution of parish schools ; and if from such a limited
system such great benefits had' flowed, what might not be eec-
pected from such an institution as the School of Arts, by whieh
that higher species of knowledge, hitherto confined to the opu-
lent, was to be made accessible to the humble artisan ? It had
long been a prevalent error, that the speculations of the philo-
sopher had little to do with the business of life ; but this nar-
row prejudice had now given way to sounder opinions.' It was
to the speculations. of the retired philosopher that we were in-
debted for the steam engine—for the lighting of our streets with
gas—for the discovery of the safety lamp, which had been the
means of saving so many valuable lives. 'These discoveries were.
in no degree the effect of chance, but the result of patient and
enlightened research. It was by the labours of ,the mathema-
tician and astronomer, and by the discovery of the compass, the
telescope, and the chronometer, that navigation had been brought
to its present perfection—from the humble Indian canoe, to
that stupendous machine, a ship of war—and by which
man was enabled to circumnavigate the globe.' The re-
cent application of steam to navigation was one of the
greatest triumphs of mechanical art. There was scarcely
a branch of science which did not bear directly on the busi-
ness of life, and it was the object of the founders of this
institution to put the artisan in possession of the principles on
which his daily occupation was founded. It was intended that
in the course of the ensuing six months lectures should be de-
livered on the Tuesday awl Friday evenings by Dr. Fyfe and
Mr. Galbraith, alternately ; by the former on chemistry, and
by the latter on mechanical philosophy. -Mr. Horner also men-
tioned that Mr. Dick had generously offered to deliver lectures
on veterinary surgery, gratis ; and that, probably, also, in the
course of the winter, lectures would be given on architecture by
Mr. James Milne. Mr. 11. then adverted to the advantages
the Students would possess in having access to the library of the
Institution, the volumes procured for which were already be-
tween 300 and 400, and would gradually become more nume-
rous and valuable. The object of the lectures would not be to
excite their wonder by showy experiments, but to'impart to
them a knowledge of every thing that might be of value in the
prosecution of their various trades ; and he exhorted the stu-
dents to bestow all attention and diligence, and not to be dis-
couraged if they should not at once comprehend the object of
their studies, but carefully to store up facts in their minds ;
and they might be assured that in the end their labours
would. turn to good account. The school of arts had arisen
out of the kind interest which their fellow-citizens took in their
prosperity and welfare, and its success would in a great measure
depend upon the zeal which the students should display in avail-
ing themselves of the opportunity now offered to acquire know-
leage at the cheapest possible rate. They had come forward
with commendable alacrity, and if they continued to put a just
value upon their privileges, the public, they might be assured,
would not be backward in the support of the Institution. If,
however, they should relapse into indifference, it would shew
that it was not wanted, anti it must fall to the ground. But
the directors anticipated no such result. They were confident
that every year would only increase its value, and they indulged
the hope that other Watts and, other Rennies would arise within
the walls of the School of Arts. Dr. Fyfe then proceeded to deliver a preliminary lecture,
which occupied about an hour, and seemed to give great de-
light tcaevery one present. He explained the general principles
of chemistry in concise and simple language, so as to make the
subject comprehensible to the meanest capacity ; and illustrated
his remarks by a number of beautiful experiments.
• The students present were numerous, 272 having purchased
tickets ; and each having a privilege on the first night of bring-
ing with him two friends, the hall was completely crowded.—
Nearly 400 persons went away from the door, not being able to
get into the room. Among the gentlemen who accompanied
the Directors, were thC Lord Provost, Sir John Hay, Bart, Mr.
Erskine of Marr, Dr. Macnight, the Rev. D. Dickson, Alex.
Monro, Esq., Forbes H. Blair, Esq., Dr. Barclay, James*.
.lussell, Esq., Dr. Brunton, the Rev. John Thomson, and
many other distinguished friends of the Institution.
We trust the public will be liberal in adding to the funds,
that the Directors may be enabled to procure the apparatus for
the lectures, and the books for the library that are absolutely
necessary to give full'eKct to the objects they-have in view.

6• The minds.of snme of the -ge.ntlemen present were naturally
led to the, event which was that day to take place.in London
the remains of this great man were to descend into the narrow
house,!' in that splendid mausoleum of St. raurs, appropriated
to the reception of the ashes of our illustrious countrymen.—.
(Caledenian -AUrcury.)
