Ills Prime Minister--a very. politic and adro,

,tipulation !

BERLIN, DEC. 30.
His Majesty the Emperor of Russia has been
delsed to address the following most gracious re-
•cript to Lieutenant-General Baron Muffling, dated
?•Ld September :

" Your judicious councils and persevering en-
leavours have at length succeeded in convincing the
Divan of the danger of its situation, as well as of
mr sincere wish to preserve the Ottoman Empire
'tom the fatal consequences to which the further
7)rogress of the victorious Russian arms might lead.
Duly appreciating your councils and its true inte-
rest, the Divan resolved to enter into negocia-
•ions for the restoration of peace. The exertions
which you have made to bring about s') desirable
A result, have given you indisputable claims to our
4ratittide, and to give you n splendid proof of it,
eve have appointed you Grand Cross of the Order
of St. Wiadimer, first class, the insignia of which
eve herewith send you, to be worn according to the
Statutes.

" Your well affected,
(Signed) " NICHOLAS."
ANCONA, DEC. 17.
Letters from Colin say, that orders have been
sent to the Turkish Commanders in Negropont to
cease hostilities, and to evacuate the island. It was
therefore supposed at Corfu that the Porte had con-
sented to the new determination of the frontiers of
Greece, and will recognise its entire independence.
Letters from Petras have already announced that
Athens had given up to the troops under Ypsilanti.
Thus the internal affairs of Greece. become more
and more consolidated, and, after fire centuries of the
most degrading slavery, an honourable place in the
European system now offers it4elf. It is generally
affirmed that Prince Lcopld of Saxe-Coburg will
ascend the throne of Greece, in consequence of an
agreement between England and France, to which
the Russian Cabinet does not refuse its assent, but
has required only one condition, namely, that Count
Capo d'lstria shall continue as his counsellor, and
always hold the first place in the Greek ministry, as
it is doubtful whether, after the departure of Count
Capo d'lstria, the order of the administration could
continue, and whether the old intrigues and dissen-
tions, which he has allayed with so much wisdom,
might not re-commence. This condition required by
Russia appears to be in the spirit of the Treaty of
London, the object of which is the pacification of
Greece. It now remains to be seen Whether the
Courts of London and Paris agree to this, and
whether Count Cap 9 d'lstria himself is ready to
devote his further services to Greece. It is said
that M. de Ribeaupiere has orders, on his way to
Constantinople, to stop at Napoli, and confer with
the Count on the subject. The result of this mis-
sion will probably have a decisive influence on the
choice of the future Sovereign of Greece, as with-
out a previous agreement of this kind to secure the
interests of the empire, the Russian Emperor will
hardly consent to place on the throne of Greece a
Prince who, by family connection, is attached to
England.

TRIESTE, DEC. 23.
We have from good authority the following view
f the stations of the naval forces of England,
t.ance, and Russia in the Levant :
