1,1.1VY COAIMISSMNEKS.

, 11/10: INNAI K o gave Hutiee, Chit the should move,
on Tueiddy next, ,for a Copy 01 the Report of the
Isi.tvy Board to the Adtniralty, dated the 24,th'No.
venther, 1804., tesrAing, the state of the-Romney,
the N.issatt, and the Sybiile, When under the cow.
rnand of Sir Home.Popham, ,tin °nicer whose merit
be was very ready to acknowledge. If the ft in
the Report should turn out to he agreeable, to .the
information he had received, he should think 'it his
duty to endeavour to induce the Elouse to take some
furthrJ procecdings in the investigation of this au.
sinus.

QUARANTINE LAWS.
Mr. llo‘e moved the Order of the Day for the
fLuse going into a Committee upon the Qbtrantine
Acts, The AEI now in force being insufficient, it
was neerssary to repeal them and bring in a Bill
with new provisions.
'Site having gone int 6 a C.,rmoittee, re.
tiolyed, that the present l'onnage Duties fur that
poriame dloold h repealed, istal sulutiltued
in their ploce.
,;ljr. GILLS called ti c rittentiou of tho iititlse to

the uncertainty that there appeared to be, under the
present Law, at what period the Naval Commis.
stun now existing would expire. It was enacted
for two years from the lzd of September, :incl Fo
the next Session ; he conceived that' the putting tiff
the Session till after Christmas, would so far after
the construction of the A6t, that it would expire
twelve months sooner than was intended. He
wished to receive some information on that sub.
jeftfrom Gentlemen on the other side of the House.

No answer having been given from the Tiessury
Bench,

Mr. GILES said, he should make.it the subject of
a Motion on Monday fortnight, as he wished the
Commission to be continued by legal construction
to the time it was at first intended.—Adjourned.

MAILS.
Due-2 Hamburgh, 2 Dublin, 4 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
Tons DAT AT TWAILVE o'cLocE•
Consols

THE SUN.

SOL&M QUXS DICEItI !A,L.SUM AUDIAT ?

LONDON,

FRIDAY,' FrIIRDARY I, 1805•

LAST night we received the Paris Porn to the
13(1, and Mach Pagers to the 29'h ult. They
contain a great variety of intelligence, and some of
it of more importance. than any which we have re.,
ceived for some time past. The most interesting
article, however, is the Speech of M. VAte His.
sEL.r, a Member of the Dutch Legislative Body,
upon the demand of the State Dirediory for a new
Contribution upon Capital. This Speech, which
we have extraCted at length, describes, in. the
most animated language, the state of unexampled
misery to which Holland is reduced ; the distraCied
and unsettled state of her Government, the total
stagnation of all Trade, both foreign and internal,
the profuseness of the public expenditure, increasing
in proportion to the diminution of the public se.
sources, the daily increase of taxes, already enor.
mous beyond all precedent, not only upon Income,
but upon Capitals the disorganized state of the' rmy
and Navy, which are represented as being in a state
of Insurrection, are all depined in the mast glowing
colours. lint M. VAN HASSE I.T is not satisfied
with enumerating all the calamities of his Coun.
try—he boldly points out the cause of them ; and,
we believe that every man, both in and out of
Holland, will agree with him, in ascribing them
to the fatal connexion which has, for the last nine
years, subsisted between that unfortunate Country
and France.

Whether this Speech is m.,,rely the result of pa.
triotic feeling driven todespair by an uninterrupted
series of insults and oppressions, or whether M. VAN
11A.161U,T has been enenuraged to deliver this
faloti of the State of Holland by that Power,
which, from its connexions. is most interested in
her fate, and from its situation is best enabled to
rescue her from,iter Tyrants, we cannot at present
tteeide. We are, however, strongly inclined to
adopt the latter supposition. The disposition which
the KING of Nowt". has lately manifested to resist
that systetn 'of aggression upon which France has
hitherto aned, leads us to hope that he will make
some attempt for
.the deilverance of Holland, or,
at 'least, to mitigate the intolerable slavery under
which she now groans.
The intelligence in the French Papers, whether
in the shape of, 44. Letters," or Reports," are all
of the frost flattering kind. The probability of a
Peace is more than once hinted at ; and it is posi.
Lively asserted that England and France have accept.
ed the Mediation of Prussia—The GA AND SR IGNOR
has suddenly changed the whole System of his Po.
!hies, cut off his Grand Vizier's head, and declared
himself openly in favour of France—A dispute has
,
taken place at Vienna between the English Envoy,
Sir A. PAGET, and the Austrian Minister, Count
Con ENTZEI, in which the former is stated to have
behaved with great intemperance the Islands
of Guadaloupe and Martinique are in the most
secure and flourishing state, having been amply sup.
'plied with provisions, and ammunition by two Fri.
Ste. tke. With respett to all these, reports,
we shall only say, in the words of the French Pa.
per from which ,they are taken,' that they steered ;re
heed-di the strongest confirmatiott.

it is also reported, that His Imperial Highness
josr rit is to ascend the Throne of Lombardy, and
that he is to be crowned by the Pope on his re..
turn, to his Dominions. In order to accompliith
this objea, BatyAPM 1 E himself, it it said, means
to visit Italy.

The QUERN wag considerably better yestertlay
HER IndiqpoSiiioll arose from a swelled
face, •attended with much fevet, on Wednesday
which 18 much abated. $r FRAINCIS MILLMAN
and Mr. DUMERGUR have been in attendance on
thie Occasion twice each day. ' '
The unfunded MIA in Eitgliequer nut.
standing on-thc Sth of Jan. last, WaS 715125N001..
