PIGEON SHOOTING.

Morning Advertiser.

A match at twelve birds each, between .31r. Taylor and a cele-
brated shot from the country, came off on Wednesday at the lied
House, Battersea. The crack shot had two dead birds given, and they
tied at ten birds each. The tie was shot ofT, and won by 31r. T.Oor.

Last night Mr. Spring Rice brought on the Budget. By
the April balance-sheet, the income was 46,087,000!. ; and the'
expenditure 45,185,0001., leaving a surplus of 902,0001. ; but
by the balance-sheet up to July, the income appears to
have been 45,539,0001., and the expenditure 44,334,000/.,
leaving a surplus of 1,205,000/., instead of 992,000/.
Lord Althorp anticipated an income of 45,778,000/ ,
whereas the income has been 45,539,0001., showing a falling-
off of 230,000/. ; but then he had calculated the expenditure
at 44,800,0001., whereas it did not exceed 44 334,000/., so
that there was a diminution of expenditure of 466,000/. to meet
a diminution of income of 239,000/., being a surplus of
227,000/. beyond Lord Althorp's calculation. So much for
the past year. The Right Hon. Gentleman calculated the
income of the country, for the coming year, at 45,550,090 L,
and the Expenditure at 44,715,000/., leaving a surplus of
835,0001. But from this surplus certain deductions were to be
made. It had been decided on Thursday night to provide for
the interest due to West India proprietors, from the period
that they suffered a pecuniary loss by the abolition of slavery.
This interest has not yet been voted, and is to be provided
for from the Ist of August, 1834. The total possible charge
for the present year on account of the West India loan, is
1,010,000/., against which there' can only be set the surplus
of 835,000/., so that there may be a deficiency of 175,000/.
This is stating the liability at the utmost possible amount ; but
he was of 'opinion that the amount would not exceed between
600,000/. and 700,000/., so that there might he a surplus of
foam 150,000/. to 200,0001. The Right. Hon. Gentleman
went into a variety of statements of exports and imports, of
consumption of commodities in general use, of the increase
of manufactures, &c., to show that the country was rapidly
improving. The alteration in the Poor-laws had greatly re-
duced the expenditure of the country, and particularly the
agriculturists, while it had greatly benefited the workin,q
classes. Having stated the income and expenditure for Ilse
year, it is obvious that there is little room for the reduction of
taxes. The duty on flint glass is to be reduced from 6d. to
2d. a pound—the drawback in proportion. The loss to
the revenue, from this reduction, he estimated at between
60,000/. and 70,000/. for the present year. In future years
the loss would be made up by the increased consumption And
the diminution of smuggling. An alteration in the duty on
spirit licenses, which is to be fixed on a scale graduated ac-
cording to the consumption, would cause a reduction of about
40,0001. at the utmost. The repeal of the stamp duty on
awards in Ireland would at the utmost amount to 5001. These
are the only reductions. With respect to the reduction of the
duty on Newspapers, the Right Honourable Gentleman said
it amounted to 450,0001. He had not a surplus to that
amount, but supposing that he had, would the House consent
to its being applied to the reduction of the stamp duty on
newspapers? The Honourable Gentlemen who were the ad-
wocates of the reduction had over and over again declared that
it would be worse than nothing unless the whole duty were
repealed at once. He hoped the House might be disposed at
some fit and convenient time to consider the subject of the
stamp duties on newspapers, with a view to a better arrange-
ment. The speech of the Right Honourable Gentleman was
by universal admission able and lucid; and his reductions were
also admitted to be the most judicious he could effect wilt the
scanty surplus at his disposal.—Aforning Chronicle.
The new Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Spring Rice,
delivered himself last night of his long-deferred and tong-
expected Budget. But although he made a long, a wary,
and a skilfully-historical as well as clear statement, we arc
in justice bound to declare that, like many other mountains
which have been in labour, there was but little in it either to
affect or to gratify the great commercial interests of the cam-
try. It is true that we did not expect much from him ; for
small men under the control of others are not unfrequentiv
pregnant with many small things ; but we did expect, and on
what. might be fairly deemed no unsubstantial grounds, if
his own- implied pledges be worth any thing, that not only
some alluSion would have been made to the smuggling of
unstamped newspapers at the expense of those which yield
obedience to the law, but that such a reduction of duty
would have been announced as to render smuggling,
in the matter in question, an unprofitable business.
Although the law, however, is perfectly inoperative
for the suppression of such publications, not only in
the opinion of Mr. Spring Rice himself, but also of the law
authorities of the Crown—and-although, also, it is well known
to both, that every unstaroped newspaper that is
published is a direct robbery to the amount of more than three-
pence upon every stamped copy of a newspaper—or, in other
words, in the instance of this journal, to the sum of ,about
20,000/. per year—yet the Chancellor of the Exciietater ap-
pears to think so meanly of this fourth, and not uninfinential
estate, as not even to allude to the grievances of which it has
so much and such just right to complain. For of s own part,
we care nothing about the matter is the same thin to us,
to a very large extent, whether unstamped newspaper he
published without any legal notice on the part of the °Yens-.
ment—whether the duty shall be reduced, or whether it shall
be abolished ; but we own that we care much for, because
we have taken a great interest in, the character of the
men by whom this matter has been passed over in such
contemptuous silence, and because our support of them
is seriously implicated in their non-performance of
not only their distinct pledges, but of a great m"ral duty to
the people of the United kingdom. When Sir Robert Peel
shall be again called upon to take office, we doubt not that
the first measure of his administration will ha a compliance
with the demands of the people in the fullest sense of the
word in this matter—namely, a total abolition of the taxes on
knowledge. Passing over this matter, however, for which,
as we have said, we care nothing, excepting so far as it involves
the character of the Administration for liberality, we have to
announce, with great satisfaction, that some slight roduetien
of the public burdens is likely to ensue. For instance, the
duty on flint glass is to be reduced from sixpence per lb., the
present rate, to two-pence, and the drawback upon exporta-
tion to be the same. This is an excellent measure, and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer is entitled to every praise,
for his manliness and courage, for attempting to
effect it, in spite of the monopolists, who are desirous of
having the present duty continued, and who did, four or five
years ago, by their machinations, prevent Lord Althorp from
proposing, at the suggestion of the present Right Hon. the
President of the Board of Trade, a similar measure to the
House of Commons ; but it would have been much better, as
was justly observed in the course of some remarks made on the
Budget last night, had the duty been entirely abolished. The
capabilities enjoyed by this country for the manufacturing of
glass of all descriptions, but more especially of flint glass, are
such as to entitle us to state that England could supply thg;
whole world at a cheaper rate than any other country, and

. .
consequently that the increase of employment, and un-
questionable increase of consumption thereby, would, in
the course of a few years, make up, in an indirect man-
-117, what it would lose directly, by the abolition of the
6,4;:-.., The second reduction has for its object some_
g like zr,;, equalization of the duty on spirit licences;
ctahhniequdnieierrteo
baegrai4i7 14tpi-ne 0 bi;liitey7 the Chancellor of the Ex-
the correctness of his though we are inclined to doubt
the At the hour, hmiever, at
which we write, we are not "ware or the limit 4 of inclusion'
and exception. The third and last
,4norovement of the pre-
sent financial system is that of the abolition, irider ; certain
amount, of the stamp duty on awards in Ireland—a tale a
thousand a year, or thereabouts, grievous from its specialty,
and contemptible in its character. We are not inclined to

proceed farther. The reductions will speak for themselves ;
and with regard to the omissions, it is for the public, and not
for us, to complain. We fear that, in this instance, as in
many others, a well-meaning Government has been induced,

upon false representations on the part of interested persons, to
take counsel of their enemies, to the injury of their friends—
to their own discredit, and perhaps ultimate destruction.—
_

The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in a Committee of Ways
and Means, last night brought forward his financial statement,
"the Budget." He entered, it will be seen, into very exten-
sive and minute details of all the heads of income and expendi-
ture, professing that he neither coloured nor suppressed any
facts. He estimated, after a variety of calculations, that there
• ---

is a surplus of 835,0001; ; he could not, however, promise re-
ductions of taxation to that amount. He regretted that he
was compelled to resist the application for reduction ; for, in
addition to expenses that had unexpectedly fallen on the
public means, there was required provision for the loan raised
to meet the West India compensation. The real balance or
surplus would then be about 250,0001. The revenue he re-
presented to be in the most improving state, especially
in those branches that resulted from commerce, manu-
factures, and trade. In tddition to the increase of re-
sources from these means, they would also derive benefit from
other sources by the reduction of the " dead weight," &c•
That burden had now paqsed its maximum. Besides the con-
solation derivable from the improvement in commerce, manu-
factures, and trade, there was proof of the improved condition
of the working classes to be drawn from the great increase in
the deposits and depositors in Savings' Banks. With respect
to duties that had been altered, the increase on spirit licenses
had operated injuriously upon those whose retail of beer lists
great, but whose sale of spirits was small. He proposed to
give relief to such parties; that would cause a diminution of
revenue of 4,0001. out of 40,0001. The duty on flint glass inter-
ferins ss ith trade, and affording opportunity to the smuggler to
obtain the profit of the fair trader, he proposed to reduce the duty
of 6d. to 2d. per lb., and thereby he calculated that trade would
be greatly increased, and the revenue eventually ; be estimated
a present loss of 60,000/. or ;0,000/. He also proposed to
reduce the stamp on awards in Ireland in certain cases. So
much success had attended measures of economy, and s)
much benefit had resulted from them, that he admitted those
was every ground for persevering in that course. In the ex-
pense of collection there had been, since 18_20, a reduction
of 626,0001.—a larger reduction than was estimated as prac-
ticable by Mr. Hume in 1817. As to sinecure offices, by
the arrangements made, when existing interests ceased,
there would scarcely: remain a sinecure office ; for than iii
1810 there was required 101,000/. ; in 1834 the amount was
17,0001. In conclusion be declared that the credit of this
country surpassed that of any country in the worm. 4 Jong

£45,550,000
.14,715,000
Leaving aittrOus of •4A35;000
Having detailed the ground of his estimates, the Right Hon.
Gentleman said that "this surplus would be seen to crumble
away before the statement he was about to make." This state-
ment was, that the charge for compensation (the interest) to
the West Indian slave-owners, from the Ist of August last
year, till September next, will be 730,000/. He told the
House, that if all the instalments on the loan were paid up,
and the whole converted into stock, and the interest upon the
whole, therefore, becoming a charge upon the public, the
additional sum would be 280,0001., making, in the whole,
1,010,000/. Iwthis case he would have no surplus at all, but
(635,0001. minus 1,010,0001.) a deficit of 175,0001. This,.
however, was the full extent of the liability of the country
on accour,t of this loan, and it was not at all likely they
would incur that liability at present. On the contrary. he
thought that between 600,0001. and 700,000/. would be
all that could be called for this year, so that be should
have a real surplus of from 130,000/. to 200,000/.
Thus, the surplus of the Chancellor of the Exchequer
is 150,000/. or 200,0001., or• some sum varying between
the two. We will not pursue the order of his oration, or ra-
ther its want of order, but proceed at once to what this
"most popular" Ministry proposes to'etFect in the way of re-
Action of taxation. "Popular" Ministers can do everything
of course. At all events we might have supposed they
could, and as they have certainly given the lie to an old
saying, and mace many silk purses out of sowa'..ears, it was
not too much to expect that they could reduce taxes without a
surplus, or at the very least, that, after their achievement in
the case of the Irish Church, they could at a pinch make a stir_
plus. But there is a German proverb, which says that the
best straps are cut out of other men's leather. The Irish Church
Bill proved this. Straps enough, and good and broad qua too,
aro cut out of the parson's pittances; but at home, out of his own
leather, Mr. S. Rice protesti he cannot shave off enough to make
more than a pair of shoe-strings. Observe the eight Hon.
Gentleman's shavings. First, Lord Althorp last year put an
increase on the duty on spirit licenses. The principle of Lord
Althorp's measure is thought by Mr. Spring Rice to be ad.
rairable ; but, at the same time, he thinks also that it opera-
tion bears hardly on the inoallor plass of puhlioans. He, there
fore, proposes to allow a publican to state what quantity of
spirits he proposes to sell in the course of the yoar, and to grant
such publican a license at a rate proportioned to his: estimated
dealings, at a small rate if the dealings be under a certain
amount, and at the full rate if they be above that amount.
Mr. Spring Rico did not detail his plan, and, therefore, we
pronounce no opinion upon it. Secondly, Mr. Spring Rice
appropriately follows up his first remission of taxation by a re-
duction of the duty on flint-glass from sixpence a pound to
twopence, with a corresponding reduction upon the drawback.
Thirdly, Mr. spring Rice proposes to take off the Stamp du-
ties en awards and qrbitmtitini in Ireland, below a certain
amount. This is all the redanctoitovctedofgetia„xatniQon
I‘l,indAownd.
now, gentlemen Radicals, how do you like your friends ?
Ne • taking off " Taxes on
4.7..
44Ht—a54.4444.7.. if Air. 'S. Rice had.
stopped here—,if his Words had been as few as his deeds. But
the night lion, Gentleman had no such luck. In spite of the
complaints of the manufacturing classes, Mr. S. Rice spent
two hours in demonstrating to his own most perfect satisfac-
tion, and with all that smirking self-complacency which elates
him and shocks all who hear him, that there could be no dis-
tress—that the people were never so woll off as they are now—
that never was the country generally in a more prosperous con-
dition than it is at the present moment. He did, however,
admit that the agriculturists were distressed. Welthi ho had •
held his tongue ; but here •aattin his unhappy propensity
to prate ptevailed. Crammed` with a batch of poor law
leasing from some experienced baker of such things, he
graver}, assured the House that the Poor Law Act would
be much more bonetieial tq the agriculturists than any re-
mission of taxation. lie included the labourers in these
"benefits." Now if mischief come of this, let -the fault or sin
of provoking it lie upen the head of him who sugges-
ted, and of him who delivered such senseless gabble
in the Senate. Out of the House there will be scarcely
two opinions upon the subject, any mare than there
will be upon the question whether at any period of the his-
tory atlas country the financial business of the State has been
intrusted to a weaker and more inefficient person than Mr. S.
Rice last night proved himself to be. In conclusion, we beg
once again to congratulate the " Radicals" upon the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer of the Ministry, in whose support
they have been blaring themselves quite hoarse. For our-
se4;.,,s, we endear. that we aro heartily ashamed to see such
inability—we had almost said imbecility—exhibited by one of
the most important functionaries of the State.--,Times..
The country has waited long for the financial statement of

the Chancellor of the )xchequer, and has waited, perhaps,
with the greater patience, that it did not expect him to announce
anything of a particularly gratifying nature. The Whigs have
always been powerful in tickling the cars of John Bull, and
have never shown themselves very zealous or very skilful in the
mere useful duty of relieving his pocket. They are magnifi-
cent fellows at all sorts of Reform, with the single exception
of such Reform as tends to diminish the amount of public
money passing annually through their own hands. Of all the
institutions of the State the Exchequer is the only one for
which they'seem to have any. regard ; arid here it must be ad-
mitted their affection is the most ardent and their reverence
the most profound that can be Imagined. Destructives in
everything else, it cannot be denied that in all that relates to
customs, excise, and assessed taxes, the Whigs are
thorough Conservatives. This praise we most frankly bestow
nppn the Whigs, but with the qualification, nevertheless, that
the pos4seinn of office is an indispensable condition to the
development of their conservative, or shall we not rather call
it their retentive, disposition ? When out of office the case is
different. They have not then the means of understanding so
well as they do at the present moment the necessity, the im-
portance, and the various uses of a large public income. Their
isynipathies 11.9 w accordingly in a different direction. Their
versatile minds become familiar at mice with another class of
ideas. The elasticity with which the Whigs adapt themselves
to the circumstances of their actual position. is unquestionably
one of the most distinguished of their merits. In this respect
we must admit their decided superiority to their stubborn and in-
flexible oppenentp. A regular Conservative entertains and pro-
fesses pretty much the same opinion oil the subject of taxation
whether it be his lot merely to pay taxes, or hisbetter fortune to
receive a share of their produce. But between a Whig when he
is a tax payer, and a Whig when he is a tax receiver, the diffe-
rence is extreme. In the one case no man is so sensitive to
the danger of impairing the public resources ; in the other
there is no danger in his view, but that of taking too much
out of the pockets of the people. To-day, what the Govern-
ment requires is the measure of what the nation ought
to pay ; to-morrow, what the nation can afford to pay is
the utmost that the Government ought to require, Mr.
Spring Rice, if he were not Chancellor of the 14xehequer,
would be as great an enemy to taxation as Mr. Hume • Mr.
Hume, if he were Chancellor of the Exchequer, would be
as great a friend to taxation as Mr. Spring Rice. The
whole difference is that of position. The country has had cx-

Perie"e enough of tho Whig;.',. IPA nut of nitiqg,
that what we have above stated is the literal truth. It was
not from Mr. Spring Rice, therefore, that they expected any
considerable diminution of taxes. But yet hope was, we be-
lieve, entertained that something from which the country
might have uxpesieneod a little relief, had it been merely to
save appearances, would have been attempted. If such a
hope was ever cherished by the people, the proceedings of last
rsleignltietdlussttrilliga:et
tuottoeirelyncoxustipnguished it. To the people at
large the Budget of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, pre-
-015t9' ire
least prospect of relief of any kinfdi:o olTtnhe nisiigdhote 4'l
inoont.
Gentle-
man made a speech which -lasted about two hours and a
half, thii whole pith of which consisted of the declaration
tho he could not take off any tax whatever, or any portion of
any tax, wit', the tiention. of the following —lie means to
reduce the spirit licence duty upon public houses, sc far as it
affects the class of houses where spirits are not sold to an ex-
tent beyond fifty gallons in the year. This, it is obvious, is
not th the gdy4w4ge of the people at large, but to. Oat QC the
keepers of low public-house's clicluEively; whose number it is
calculated to multiply, and whose votes for cities and towns it
is intended to secure for the Whig candidates at the next ge-
-IMral eleetion, Thy ne4t item is that of the duty upon flint
t•
•

Mr. PERCEVAL proposed the third Resolution, and observed
in support of Corporation Reform, in every tows, in the king-
dom where he had been the people had invariably complained
of their municipal government.
This Resolution was also.unanimmisly carried.
Mr. CORNER rose to move the next Resolution, and the pe-.
tition fodnded on it and the preceding ones, which were, ac,
put mid unanimously adopted by the meeting.
Mr. CRAB' I Y moved a Resolution of thanks
regardedtl,.The mihistrY
for their conduct as the --
Mr. BARNES seconded tho m°ll°ll4-44.ra lauded the public
conduct of the Ministry. He refs-
Lord ,to
,
tne manl y efforts of Melbourne, for Pr9ditng his u
measures in an honest,
Court
straighintrigu etforwa way,
ic e:oilSsed by party spirit, and unaided by
rd
Z kery. Moral force was all that was ne-
cessA.7y to enable the Ministry to carry the present measure in
• the sense manner they did thC Reform Bill.
Tho motion was then put and adopted by acclamation.
Mr. TECLON next moved a vote of thanks to the Members
of Southwark, and in a neat speech eulogised their public
oanduct.
The motion was seconded by Mr: 'WALTERS, and carried
Unanimously.
Mr. HUMPIIERY, M. P., then came forward to acknowledge
this honour. He could not agree with the sentiments uttered
at a previous stage of the proceedings in reference to throw-
: ing back the Municipal Bill on the Lords, though it were not
exactly to the liking of the nation, when it had undergone
their alterations. He would be for taking it, if they gave
almost any thing like it, as another opportunity would be
afforded next Session of supplying the deficiency. The posi-
tion ofthe present Ministry he held was not over stable.
They were not liked by the King, and his Majesty might dis-
miss them. In that case the Corporations would all vote for
Tory Members, and by this means they might obtain a majo-
rity in -the House of Commons. In ract, they were not so
very far behind in this respect at present. These were the
reasons that would induce bins to take the Bill from their
Lordships in the shape they might choose to give it, as there
was no fear of its being ultimately carried in a perfect form.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY, \I.P., addressed the meeting. He
said it might be said his doctrines were revolutionary ; but he
would -ask what that term meant ? He held that it was foolish
to he terrific& at -names: -A trion,g-erther--tierrt,rs, irs answer to
this question, he would say that were a drunken man to be-
come a temperate man, this would be wrevolution ; but would
any one infer bad consequences from, such a revolution ? In
short, to reform the House of Lords was not to destroy it or
pull it down. It must be reformed, though it inay cot be de-
stroyed.

A vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, which
honour he acknowledged, and the meeting separated about
four o'clock.

- LEEK (STAFFORDSHIRE).
The following n Copy of a Petition from Leek to be pre-
sented to the Hot4,c, o;' Lords, accompanied with a Letter to
Lord Melbourne

To the Right Honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parlia-
ment assembled ;
The humble Petition of the following Persons, being In-
habitants of Leek and its neighbourhood, in the county of
Stafford ;
Sheweth,—That your Petitioners feel anxiously desirous that the
Corporate Reform Bill, now under your Lordships' consideration,
should be immediately passed into a law ; and that your Petitioners
would beg leave to state, with great deference to your Lordships'
judgment, that the course which your Lordships have adopted, of
hearing Counsel on the Bill, supported-by no evidence but that of
interested parties, is only calculated to mislead your Lordships on
the one hand, and delay the measure on the other.
That as the Bill has not only the sanction of his Majesty's Go-
vernmentt but also that of the great body of the People, your Pe-
titioners most humbly and earnestly entreat your Lordships to pass
it through your Honourable House with the least possible delay,
and without mutilation.

' And your Petitioners will ever pray, &c.
To the Right Honourable Viscount Melbourne, President of the

Council, &c. &c.
. .
My Lord,----I have the honour of forwarding to your Lordship,
for presentation to the House of Peers, a Petition from Leek in
the County of Stafford, in favour of tho Corporate Reform Bill.
It is with pleasure that I inform your Lordship, that at a public
meeting held in this town on Tuesday evening last, it was unani-
mously resolved that the petition forwarded should be adopted, and,
had time permitted, the number of signatures might have beets
much increased.

The names affixed to the petition arc respectable, and as T_Snive
not the honour of being personally acquainted with your Lordship,
I would beg leave to refer your I ordship to either Lord Hotherton,
Sir O. Mosley, Mr. Buller, or Sir J. Wrottesley, all of whom know
both myself and many of those who have signed the petition.
Allow:me to state, that the open and decided course which your
Lordship has pursued in resisting the patrons of intolerance and
corruption, has endeared your Lordship to the friends of civil and
religious liberty in this town.—l have the honour to remain, on
their behalf, my Lord, your Lordship's very obedient humble servant,
Leek,' Aug. 13. "RICH A 111 l GAUNT.

TAVISTOCK.
FROM OUR PLYMOUTH CORRESPONDENT.)
TUESDAY NIGHT, AUG. 11.--This evening a public meeting
of the inhabitants of the borough of Tavisteck was held at the
Guildhall, convened by ft Terrell, Esq., the.Portreeve, pur-
suant to a requisition from 93 of the inhabitants. Its object
was to take into consideration the propriety of an Address to
his Majesty's Ministora, and the best means of ensuring the
safety of the Municipal Corporation Bill before the House
of Lords. The meeting was both numerously and respectably
attended. About seven o'clock, the hour appointed for its
commencement, H. Terrell, Esq. was unanimously called to
the Chair.

The CHAIRMAN, in opening the business of the meeting,
took a retrospective view of the Corporations as hitherto ex-
isting; the perversion of the funds of Corporate Charities
from their legitimate channels was notorious; they had been
turned to defeat the best and dearest objects of Englishmen,
and by this misapplication endeavoured to suborn men, equally
capable with %hem:elves of acting uprightly, if not more so.
It W 42 not to be expected that such a course of things could
go on ; Lord John Russell had, therefore, in the proposed
measure, endeavoured to do nothing more han restore these
Corporations to act as they were originally intended, for the
benefit of the cities and towns in which they wero situated,
than for any few to enjoy that exclusive privilege. lie the
Chairman, was aware that the subject would be brought before
them that evening, and he should most attentively bear the ob-
servations of any gentleman on it. •
Mr. FLAMANK ;;;,`; rose sA.said—The worthy Portreeve
had already st.ttekl object of the present meeting, and he
agreed with him i his conclusion, that this was the time and
this the opportunity for carrying that desirable object into
effect.
.It did appear that the Lords had set themselves in
direct opposition to the people, by manifesting a desire to mu-
tilate those very measures which the people conceived and
wore fully convinced to be for their benefit. He was aware,
and so was every thinking observer„ that the Corporations
were among the strongholds of Toryism, which was a sort of
doctrine or creed, that would by divine right have the mass of
the people bend to the few t fod Oiat low usurp those privi-
leges iuteildo to he enjoyed by the many ; it was
to this latter desirable position he would have those other-
wise valuahlo inVitution4 re3tcwed. Ile had said that these
Corporatiim woe ‘e among the strong holds of Toryism, a set
oil rotten boroughs acting corruFtedly for the advantage of a
faction/ but he considered the strongest of the Tory stroveg
holds was the Church ; for he s:iw in the ministei 01..ovevy
parish, with but few exceptions, a Tory ,;;;(-.14. Theso Tories
ever had, and contintled cp. •-trttgule, tia retitrd the son pf

it.; at th effo .
b re c ; • • ae.1....e
eta, arid teet oe•ver wit= *he
leers.) Let het Lhe i :.:file
ty, exercise the; I,e-ser, •
not Is sae; .eed that the
allow these owe to canitisall
people io _lop!. ion to. them and their interests.--
(Cheers,) 'All the measures of reform that were contem-
plated would and must go on, as sure as the sun which set
that evening would rise the next morning.—(Cheees.). -Had.
the Peers laid their heads together, to endeavoer t loing their
order into disrepute, he was not aware of any se- !,• (mild
have taken for that end, better calculated nem ieeir pre-
sent conduct ; for it was very easy to be seen, that theft pi es
sent proceedings had but one ol.ject in view, roni• that was
to throw out the Bill, and harass his Mak st<'s Alieistcre.
The hearing of evidence of Town Clerks and Aldermen, Iva,
no doubt would be the greatest sufferers where the emolu-
ments of office were great st, was truly ridiculous. Wss it to
be conceived that a British legislature could sacrifice the re-
venues of the Corporation Charities at the• shrine of a few fat
altermen (laughter and cheers) and their relations. If the
Lords chose to send the Bill back to the House of Commons,
mutilated. agreeably to their wishes, he had sufficient confi-
dence in that House to believe they would not accept it at
their hands. It was at one time suggested to address the
Lords on the subject, but he had long since held an insuper-
able objection to addressing the House of Lards ; one of his
strongest objections was, that the Bishops were in that Eloaaa;
he would ask the meeting was it not derogatory to religiee,
that men who had taken upon themselves so sacred an office,
should be found the best part of their time in Londareebeading
political meetings. Ought not these men, instentd of trying
to be Lords over God's heritage, rather be
flock ? Was it possible, he would ask. teotaa„, a parallel be-
tween a Paul and a Phillpotts, or even ensamples to the
Can-
terbury, who had his 25,00 v
3/. the Archbishop of
.aar for doing, nothing. Ho
could not petition such men ;
did ever the Bishop's con-
tend for the rights Os the
people, that they might be relieved
from any oppressive beothen ? Did
.they unite as one man
unshackle the shoes, - . to
whose only difference with themselves
was the colour of his skin : and was it for this they would
perpetuate slavery? But if they took a glance, at the compo-
sition of the House of Lords, and such a question would natu-
rally arise *hen men assumed too muck, who and what were;
they, or rather, what position in life would they have been ;In
but for some ancestor, who was a mighty warrior, a <vise cram-
eillor, or astute judge; and for this these were called up to
assist in the council of the nation. But was wisdom heredi-
tary—would any man present trust a piece of cloth in the
hands of another, to be made into aecoat, merely because the •
great-great-mrandlather of the latter was a tailor?—( Laughter
and cheers.) lie (Mr. I'.) contended that no part of the lee
gislaturenshoultrksirresporaible_; the Commons were .Z r' ,
stale to their constituents, the Ministers to the King and tile
people; but the Lords to no one, and an irresponsible power
was downright tyranny. So, then, he would not address the
Lords, but his Majesty's Ministry, who enjoy the ero-iee confi-
dence of every well-disposed, thinking subject in the empire,
Ho had it from good authority, that the Tories loeld the power
to turn out the present ministry when they ;iferceived an op_
portunity, but it would be their fault if ouch an opportunity
ashould be afforded. The speaker concluded by moving the
ddress.,
J. RUNDLE, Esc`., M. P. ste. 1, that he had much pleasure
in seconding the resolutis%o and was in fact highla delighted
in an opportunity to aeain address his old friends. He said it
would ill become "s
Mon oil
that the sio tidStock to be backward in offering an on'..
I
of
-Wet of Corporation Reform in the present state
me - . esaSure, seeing they had hitherto been one of the fore-
mos'
m advocating at all times civil and religious liberty. He
„ek convinced that the House of Lords would throw out the
Bill if the people did not show a bold manly front against such
a step. He was truly pleased to see the perseverance of Mi-
nisters in bringing forward another essential measure---he
meant the Irish Church Reform. Of himself, he might say,
that he could not be guilty of injustice to any nice, because
that individual conscientiodsly thought proper to entertain
different notions of religion to himself. Reform was neces-
sary, and he had sufficient confidence in his countrymen to
know, that they would adopt none but dispassionate means in
attaining that desirable object. France bad fought and bled
profusely for republicanism, and also for despotism, and then
for monarchy, and was at this moment a traitor to that very
liberty she fought and bled for five years ago, and swore to
protect. Englishmen had not gained their present position
by an effusion of blood, but had steadily and manfully demand-
ed, and when obtained had maintained them to their credit.
These bloody revolutions which had inundated France could
not obtain for her those advantages that.we had by calm per-
severance; nor did he scruple to declare, that we should not
see five years more without another bloody revolution in that
ill-fated country. Sir Robert Peel had acknowledieed that it
was of no use to look up to the House of Lords as in days
gone by: for unless lie could command a majority in the
House of Commons, it would be useless to undertake office:
The House of Lords had set its face against all improvement,
either moral or commercial : the Great Westero Railway Bill
was thrown out last, and to all appearance it would stand a
narrow chance this Session of a similar fate. The floe. Gen-
tleman here entered into the comparative merits of the Cor-
poration Reform Bill, but which, we regret to state, for want:
of room we must omit, and concluded by seconding the reso-
lution, which was carried unanimously.
On the Chairman quitting the Chair, the thanks of the
meeting were unanimously voted to him for his readiness in call-
ing the meeting, and for his conduct in the Chair.
-The Portreeve, in a neat speech, acknowledged the honour,
and the meeting dissolved.

131, A. CICB URN.
A meeting of the Reformer's of Illackborn was held on
Monday last, in the large room of the Golder, Lion, Church-
street, to petition the House of Lords to pass the Corporation
Reform 13111 without mutilation. Several resolutions were
passed, expressive of a hope that the Peers would pass the
13111, and deprecating their late factious proceedings, in de-
laying its progress by hearing counsel and evidence against
it. A vote of thanks to Lord Melbourne and his colleagues
was also passed unanimously.

CARLISLE.
On Monday a very numerous and respectable meeting was
held at the Coffee-louse Inn, • Carlisle, for the purpose of
petitioning the House of Lords to pass the Municipal Reform
Bill in the form in which it had been sent to their Lordships
from the House of Commons. Mr. Gray's large Assembly-
room was literally crowded with people: it was supposed
that there were not less than 1,200 or 1,400 present. G.
Mounsey, Esq., was called to the Chair, and opened the busi-
ness of the meeting, which was afterwards addressed by Peter
Dixon, Esq., Jos. Ferguson, Esq., Mr. John Blamire, Mr.
James Roos, Mr. Bendle, and other gentlemen. The peti-
tion was unanimously agreed to, and in the course of the day
received upwards of 4,000 signatures.

.EAST RETFORD.
A spirited petition has been got up at This place in favour of
Municipal Reform, which in the course of a few hours was
most numerously and respectably signe.:d. The petition has
been forwarded to the Earl of Sclutorough for presentation.

GREAT, 1: ARMOUTH.
The notice given by Mr. Elphit,stone was for a Bill to
disfranchise the fre,-men of the borough, not to disfranchise
the borough, a':.d the notice given by Mr. Tancred was for
the prosecw:lon of those principally concerned in the bribery,
it not Ming, we have reason to think from the known cha-
racfr,r of the Hon. Member, his intention to proceed against
l'ae poor men, but those who are the cause of the corruption
of which the country complains.

Cupurr-NH/oz.—The petition in favour of Corporation Re-
form, sent on Monday last to Lord Melbourne from Chelten-
ham, was signed by 3,877 persons.

COURT CIRCULAR.

Mr. Fowell Buxton, M. P., Mr. Baines, M. P., and a de-
putation of 20 gentlemen from the Anti-Shivery Society, had
an interview wits Lord Glenel,g yesterday afv..rnoon at the
Colonial Office.

Mr. Ingilby, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce at
Manchester, and Mr. Bradshaw, had an interview yesterday
with Mr. Poulett Thomson, at the Office of the Board of
Trade.

A deputation from Marylebone presented a petition to
Viscount Melbourne yesterday in Downing-street.

WINDSOR-FRIDAY.

The King returned to the Castle from St. ~Izunes's Palace,
on Wednesday evening, attended by Sir He;,:bcrt Taylor.
Yesterday being the Queen's birth-e.dy-, the morning was
ushered in by the ringing of bells, ,And the usual demonstra-
tions of loyalty and respect on si:(ell occasion?. Their Royal
Highnesses the Duke of Cumberland, and the Landgravino
of Hesse Homberg, paid au. early visit to the Castle to offer
their congratulations to her Majesty. At one o'clock the
King and Queen, with all their distinguished visitors and
suite, proceeded in 14 errliages to Virginia Water, where
,great preparations had been made to celebrate the auspicious
day. One hundred and eighty covers were laid, and, at
four o'clock, this distinguished and numerous company sat
down to a splendid banquet, which was enlivened by the
performances of the military bands. After dinner The Royal
party enjoyed some excursions on the Lake, in 'the beautiful
miniature frigate the Royal Adelaide, and did.-not return to
the Castle till late in the evening.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Cum:ocrland did not ac-
company their Majesties to Virginia N7;,atec, but returned to
his residence at Kew, after offering Ins congratulations to the
Queen. The Princess Augusta .was prevented by indisposi-
tion from accompanying their Majesties.
_ The town was very generally and most briliantly illumi-
nated in the evening.
Earl and Countess Howe and Viscount Curzon left this
mmning, for their estate, Penn, near Beaconsfield. His
Lordship will return to-n.orrow.
Earl Brownlow left yesterday for his residence in Delgrayo-
synare.

'To-morrow the installation of Prince George of Cambridge
wili take place in St. George's Chapel, where great prepara-
tions have been made. In the evening there will be a gram!.
dinner in St. George's Hall, and afterwards an assembly at
the Castle.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, AUG. la—The
general tininess %%lila prevails in the market does not appear
tti za.ot prices, which maintain the quotations of Saturday
List—_J,9oo American have been sold to-day, at 11 d. a 14-}d.;
Kiri Peri-mins, at 1.41-1. ; 8.7 If,gypiiiris, at 16A-d. a
zAd. ; and 420 Surat., at 70. 8.4 DANN Id. " is nothing of
iut-vrest stirring,

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, AUGUST 14.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at Four o'Clock.
IPSWICH ELECTION.

Mr. Moore Keith was brought to the Bar by the direction
of 1119 House, and the SPEAKER addressed him as follows :
Thomas Moore Keith, you have been convicted before a
Committee of this House, of aiding and abetting to procure
the continuance of the absence of a witness of the name of Pil-
grim, in order to prevent his giving evidence before a Com-
mittee cf this House, and of having used a charge of embez-
zlement against him as a means of keeping him in concealment.
In the petition which you have presented to this I louse, you have
stated that it i 3 necessary for you to appear as a witness against Pil-
grim in the charge you have brought against him ; and you also
state that you have already suffered a severe punishment. That
a person in your situation in life should have felt y our punish-
ment severe might naturally be expected, but you ought to
recollect that your offence was marked by this peculiar aggra-
vation, that you used a charge of embczLlement against Pil-
grim, as a means of inducing him to remain in conceal-
ment, in order to avoid giving 'evidence before a Committee
of this House. Nothing, therefore, could be more fit and
proper, nothing more calculated to make an impression on
your fellow-citizens, than :o see you brought in custody to
give evidence upon that very charge which you so unjusti-
ably polisted in using as a means to induce Pilgrim to act
in disobencc to the orders of this House. Your punish-
ment may havz" been severe, but it was deserved. You
have now express,'d your contrition, and this House is will-
ing to consider this ."-ontrition sincere ; and therefore I now
inform you that you are discharged, upon payment of your
fees."
Mr. M. Keith then, after bo:cipg to the Speaker, with-
drew.

CHOLMONDELEY ESTATE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. TOOKE this Bill was real a th!rd
time, and passed.l
BELFAST ROAD BILL.
On the motion of Mr. S. CRAWFORD, this Bill was read
a third time.

SALE OF BEER BILL.
Mr. WILKS presented a petition from the retail brewers cf
beer in Boston against the sale of Beer Amendment Bill.
Mr. POTTER presented a similar petition from the Com-
mittee of Licensed Victuallers and retailers of beer in the city
of London and the county of Middlesex.
Major BEAUCLERK said it was his intention to move
this evening that the Bill should be rejected.
Mr. WAK LE Y trusted the Bill would not be carried.

CORPORATION BILL.
Mr. WI LK S presented a petition from the Aldermen and
Common Councilmen of Lincoln in favour of the Corpora-
tion Bill.
Mr. E. L. BULWER, in supporting the petition, ex-
pressed a hope .‘hat if the Bill was rejected or mutilated in
another place, the 'House would not separate without either
seeing the Bill pass in its original shape, or asserting the
unanimity of the House in c'sming the Bill..
Colonel SIBTHORP dentLs(' that the petition spoke the
sentiments of the great portion 0: the inhabitants of Lincoln.
Mr. S INC LAIR was surprised thii.4.',.any attempt should be
made to interfere with the undoubted right of the other House
to take the details of that measure into its cesideration.
MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS. '

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL presented a pee:tipn,
signed in two hours by 2,780 inhabitants of Dudley, in Woe-
cestershire, in favour of this measure.
SUDBURY ELECTION. _ .

- _
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then presented a petition
from certain electors of Sudbury, complaining of the conduct
of the Mayor on the occasion of the last election but one,
when Mr. Bagshaw and General Barnes were the can-
didates. The numbers were two hundred and sixty-three each,
and it was the understanding on all hands that a double return
should be made ; but, contrary to this understanding, the
Mayor. who had throughout acted as a partisan. had re-
turned General Barnes, who actually retained his seat until a
petition had been presented against the return. The Right
Hon. Gentleman then presented a petition from Edinburgh,
praying that measures would be taken to prevent the losses
arising from ships being sent to sea in an unsound state.
Mr. BAG SHAW complained of the conduct of the Mavor
on the occasion alluded to in the petition from Sudbury. He
had acted as a partizan of his (Mr. Bagshaw's) Hon. oppo-
nent, and even voted for him at the election, and his Hon.
opponent had retained his seat in consequence of the conduct
of the Mayor, for not less than 14 days. He hcped the
Learned Gentleman -would bring forward the case for a Com-
mittee early next Session.
Mr. O'CONNELL did not think it was yet too late, but,
at all events, it was a question very fit for inquiry.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it must be inquired
, into, because if not then, the Crown, byan adjournment or pro-
rogation, put an end to all such cases.
Mr. SINCLAIR complained that the Mayor whose con-
duct was brought under the notice of the House had not had
notice of the case so as to be prepared, by having some Mem-
ber instructed to defend him.
Mr. BAG S HAW said if the Hon. Member would now move
for the Committee, he would second it with pleasure. The
Hon. Gentleman then presented a petition complaining of the
conduct of the present Mayor, who had interfered in the last
election by raising booths in illegal places. He proposed that it
be referred to the same Committee.
Mr. GR ATT AN presented a petition from an officer on
half-pay, complaining of not being fully employed, in conse-
quence of some harsh treatment he had received from a court-
martial in the lonian Islands.
Major BEAUCLERK and Mr. BUCKINGHAM sup-
ported the petition, and considered the case as a very harsh one.
