but simple, unadorned, uncoloured, unexagge-
rated facts—and, it' he do not find his theory
acknowledged, it must be from some fundamen-
tal defect in the theory itself. The proof of
human wickedness is perfect ; let the misan-
thrope exult and triumph, therefore. He is now
in possession of a case against human nature,
surpassing every thing that has gone before it.
The treatment of the poor, helpless, defenceless
children in our factories, is a disgrace to the
whole species. We can scarcely believe our
eyes while we read, or trust our senses while we
consider, the statements of the different wit-
nesses. No passion hut that of avarice could have
perpetuated such enormities. Herod commanded
the slaughter of babes, but nothing short of avarice
could have snatched them_from the breast to put
them to the torture—the slow consuming fire—

of the factory system. The idea of setting in-
fants of seven or eight years of age to work at ali
is dreadful ; but to set them to hard work.
under hard task-masters, without any allowance
of time for recreation, for instruction, and
scarcely for repose—to exact from their tender
limbs and unformed sinews the greatest possible
quantity oflahour within a given time, no regard
being had to the physical and moral effects of
such a slavery on the future lives of the unfor-
tunate victims, is to perform the office of a
demon, and that demon is Avarice! If Mr.
Sadler had never done any thing for society bui
the bringing to light this monstrous and inhuman
system, society would be largely his debtor. The
evil cannot long outlive its exposure. Every
heart capable of a throb of sympathy must fee
for the infants who are sacrificed by hundreds to
the political economy of the factories. What
a picture is that which represents childhood in
chains—childhood under lock and key, not in-

dulging its sportive gambols in the presence of
tenderness and affection, but drudOnf,r for a
brute, and trembling at a tyrant ! And yet that
picture is not one of fancy. But the meeting of
Parliament will be the signal fir putting an end
to such an abominat,on. It must stop—it cannot
cro on—for the common instincts of mankind

rise up in judgment against it.—Mo-n. Herald.
As the period for the meeting of Parliament
approaches, the anxiety to ascertain its temper
becomes naturally more intense. Now that the
excitement of the elections is over, it would he

difficult to gather from the constant oscillation
of a portion of the Metropolitan Journals, what
opinions are retained and what discarded. We
are led to believe, that if certain doctrines, now

unblushingly maintained, respecting the control
over opinion which property ought to possess,
had been maintained previous to the election, the
result might have been very different. The
question is, whether the same changes have taken
place in the opinion of the representatives of
the nation. The great object of the Reform
Bill was, as we understood it, to diminish the
influence of individual possessors of property,
and to increase the influence of property in the
aggregate. It was supposed that the suffrage
was sufficiently extended to render the posses-
sors of it identical with the possessors of pro-
perty, and that as property would naturally pro-
tect itself, the Government would hereafter be
conducted, with a view to the benefit of
the governed, and not the advantage of a pe-
culiar class. As power has long been in the hands
of the Tories, who have the Magistracy and the
clergy, with few exceptions, on their side, a great
struggle took place to return, through the con-
trol by various influences of the voters, repre-
sentatives of the class which has hitherto preyed
on the property of the country. The voters,
often at considerable personal sacrifices, for the
most part successfully resisted the attempts made
to control and intimidate them. The fashion-
able doctrine now, however, is, that control and
intimidation were all very proper ; that the great
proprietors ought to determine for the electors
whom they ought to return to Parliament ; and
that it is an absurdity to suppose that any elector
ought to have an independent opinion. Con-
science is to be utterly exploded. These rapid
conversions do not seem to have extended be-
yond the metropolis ; and it will surprise us if,
in the teeth of the declarations so recently made
to their constituents, the representatives should,
in the course of a week or two, have become
altogether new men. We can understand the
doctrine of our contemporary (the Standard),
on the subject of influence, because it is in ac-
cordance with the principles which he has
always maintained ;--
" To come, however (says our contemporary), once
again to the suhj.(ct of this controversy, the question of
influence, and the ballot remedy. We have never dis-
guised our opinion, that influence ever has li,o(n, and ever
will be used ; and that within the limits of Christi in and
tour it duty, it ought to be used to the utmost extent, to
promote the political views of those who possess it. Po
litics form a department, and an important dep otinent,
too, of morals ; and as ad %irtuous friendship must he
founded on moral sympathies prima facie, a political re-
pugnance ought to operate as a bar to unnecessary or easily
avoidable connexions ; while political accord—idem see-
tire de republica—should ever present strong motives for
a preference in conferring or continuing friendship or fa-
vour. It A loves Ws brother B, he certainly as ill prefer
C, who unceasingly labours for B's welfare, to D. who
s inelatigably strives to bring abut B's destruction.
N'y, if A loves his brother B, he will withhold or with-
draw front D, the enemy, all favour which could en-
courage, all power which could assist him in injuring Ida
brother. It is but for A's ' brother B' to read • his
country,' and we have the duty of influence demon-
strated : the man who loves his country will exert all his
faculties of mind or estate for its welfare—lie that will not
is no patriot.
" Assuming, then, that influence is on the side of those
who exercise it the reverse of a moral offence ; and as-
suming also, that they who are not too magnanimous to
accept favours, ought not to be too ambitious to confide
to friends and benefactors that political guidance which
must otherwise in the end revert to a blind trisjaritv
equally independent of us—assuming these two proposi-
tions, we would further inquire whether influence is a po-
litic it evil? or ra,IP-r, for we Inuit shorten the investiga-
tion. whether the Reform B 11, and the m-a.ure by which
it was carried, have not made the exercise of very eaten•
sive influence necessary to the existence of the established
orders in this country?
" Toe Morning Cironicle yesterday was good enough
to inform us that any collision between the Houses of
Lords and Commons must prove fatal to the former—in
other words, that the political exist.ence of the House of
Lords had tertrynated ; and the Morning Chronicle told
the truth. The body, then, which independently repre-
sented the property and rank of the country being no
more—how are property and rank to be represented, if
not by the exercise of influence ; and if not represented.
how are they to be protected ? The question will he found
to be more serious, when men consider how small a por-
tion of the national constituency the Reforest Bill has left
to be influenced by rank or (legitimately) by property ;
how small a portion of the constituency, indeed, that Bill
has left, who are not naturally hostile to the aristocracy,
and to the wealthy of the country."
Having determined that elections should be con-
trolled by the aristocracy, our contemporary
next proceeds to inquire whether the ballot would
he efficacious in securing independent suffrage.
Leaving the case of America, as not exactly in
point, our contemporary betakes himself to
ancient Rome for a solution, and there he finds,
on the authority of Cicero, that the ballot de-
stroyed the influence of the aristocracy. Who
does not know the ballot law to have destroyed
all the influence of the aristocracy ?"- - « Qui
autem non seutit omnem optimatum auctorita-
