PUBLICATIONS.

On Saturday, the 27th of former will be published,
aligned uniformly with the Volume, with 13 Maps,
84e- and 26 finished Engravings, by Finden, after Draw-
ings of the most interesting Subjects, by Captain Lyon,
price 41. 14s. fid.
OURNAL of a SECOND VOYAGE for
fi the DISCOVERY of a NORTH-WEST PASSAGE
41 the Atlantic to the Pacific, performed in the Years
the orders f in His Majesty's Ships Fury and Hecla, under
o
PCaptain WILLIAM EDWARD PARRY, R.N.
rinting for JOHN MURRAY, Albemarle-street.

THE TREAD-WHEEL.
T This day was published, price Five Shillings.
~,17,TTER on the NATURE and LF-
of Pris;„lTS, of the TREAD-WHEEL as an Instrument
R,O e,"11 ighment. Addressed to the Right Honourable
°IS EEL, M.P. Hir. Majesty's Principal Secretary
c. of
fort he Home De artment, &c. &c. With an Appen-
ll of Notes and Cases.
Y one "his CONSTITUENTS, and a Magistrate of the
County of Surrey.
Printed for J. Hatchard and Son, 187, Piccadilly.

In a few Days will be published,
°M E REMARKS on Dr. HENDERSON'S
IPoitv,APPEAL to the MEMBERS of the BRITISH and
Itit,J6N BIBLE socir.TY, on the Subject of th
4'ISH NEW TESTAMENT, printed at Paris in 1819.
'Prof By the Rev. S. LEE, M.A.
Pssor of Arabic in the Univerity of Cambridge-
-I%s, L" b
tuit y Longman and Co., Duncan, Hatchards, and See-
ion.

LENT ASSIZES.

HERTFORDSHIRE ASSIZES, THURSDAY, MARCH 4.

THE INTERESTING CASE OF MR. CONOLLY.

The Assizes for this county commenced here to-day, before
the Lord Chief Baron A LEXANDE u and the Hon. Mr. Justice
BEST. The calendar contains a list of twenty-six prisoners
committed for various offences; but the most prominent case
is the alleged murder of James Grainge by Patrick Conolly
and others, at Shenly Hill, on the 31st of December last.
Mr. Justice BEST, who presided in the Crown Court, charged
the Grand Jury, and called their attention principally to the case
above-mentioned. His Lordship, after stating to them the sub-
stance of the depositions against the prisoners; as returned by the
committing Magistrates, said he understood that there were two
distinct charges intended to be preferred against the parties,
namely, one founded on Lord Ellenborough's Act, 43d Geo. 3,
for stabbing the Sheriff's officer, Watson, with a pitchfork,
with intent to murder him; and the other for murdering James
Grainge with a loaded gun. These charges he understood to
be applicable to two distinct transactions : first, that in which
Watson attempted to arrest Mr. Conolly, and the other, when
the deceased was killed, in an attempt to apprehend the pri-
soner on a peace warrant. The first alleged offence must de-
pend upon the question, whether, in case death had ensued
from the violence committed on Watson's person, the offence
would have been murder. In order to the decision of this
question, it would be necessary to attend to the evidence as
to the manner in which the officer attempted to make his cap-
tion. According to the depositions, the outer-door of the
house was open, and in the attempt to force an inner-door the
wound was inflicted. If this fact was clearly established, the
first offence would be made out. An officer could not break an
outer-door to execute civil process ; but finding the outer-
door open he might enter, and break inner-doors, to take his
prisoner. If the door, upon which the violence was committed
in this instance, was the outer entrance to the house, then
the officer would not be justified in breaking it, though the
prisoner was only a visitor. The depositions of the different
witnesses varied in this point, and therefore it was incumbent
on the Grand Jury to pay particular attention to this part of the
case. Then, as to the second charge, there was no doubt that
if the deceased was a Constable, and duly authorised to execute
a warrant for the apprehension of Mr. Conolly for the breach of
the peace committed on Watson, the breaking open the house
was a lawful act, provided the prisoner had due notice of the
contents and object of the warrant; and if the prisoner, in re-
sisting the execution of the warrant under such circumstances,
killed the officer, the offence would amount to murder. His Lord-
ship observed that there was a material difference in the deposi_
dons of the several witnesses as to the notice given to the prisoner
of the contents of the warrant, and the authority of the deceased
to execute it. Some said that the warrant was read to the pri-
soner, and others, that the substance of its contents was dis-
tinctly announced. It was the duty of the Grand Jury to
watch with great circumspection this part of the evidence, be-
cause it was most material as it respected the charge of wilful
murder. It appeared that from the depositions, that Mrs.
Brown, Moran, and the other prisoners, were encouraging the
conduct of Conolly throughout the whole transaction, and
therefore, in the eye of the law, they were all principals. ' The
Grand Jury, however, would attend to all the circumstances
of the case, as proved by viva voce evidence, and return such
bills as were satisfactory to their consciences.
The Grand Jury, after being out about few hours, returned
a bill of Manslaughter only against Mr. Conolly and Hugh
Moran, and ignored the bill against Mrs. Brown, Amelia or-
gen, and Edward Trayers.
There was nothing of public interest on 'the Civil side.

STATE PAPERS
RELATIVE TO THE SOUTH AMERICAN STATES.
( Presented to both House: of Parliament Last Night. )

COMMUNICATIONS with FRANCE and SPAIN relat-
ing to the SPANISH AMERICAN -PROVINCES.
No. I.

EXTRACT OF A
MEMORANDUM OF A CONFERENCE BE-
TWEEN THE PRINCE DE POLIGNAC AND HR. CANNING,
HELD OCT. 9, 1823.

The Prince de Polignac having announced to Mr. Canning,
that his Excellency was now prepared to enter with Mr. Can-
ning into a frank explanation of the views of his Government
respecting the question of Spanish America, in return for a
similar communication which Mr. Canning had previously
offered to make to the Prince de Polignac on the part of th•
British Cabinet, Mr. Canning stated :
That the British Cabinet bad no disguise or reservation on
that subject : that their opinions and intentions were substan-
tially the same as were announced to the French Government,
by the Despatch of Mr. Canning to Sir Charles Stuart, of the
31st of March ; which Despatch that Ambassador communi-
cated to M. de Chateaubriand, and which had since been pub-
lished to the world.

That the near approach of a crisis, in which the affairs of
Spanish America must naturally occupy a great share of the
attention of both Powers, made it desirable that there should be
no misunderstanding between them on any part of a subject so
important.
That the British Government were of opinion that any at-
tempt to bring Spanish America again under its ancient sub-
mission to Spain must be utterly hopeless ; that all negociation
for that purpose would be unsuccessful ; and that the prolonga-
tion or renewal of war for the same object would be only a waste
of human life, and an infliction of calamity on both parties, to
no end.

That the British Government would, however, not only ab-
stain from interposing any obstacle, on their part, to any at-
tempt at negotiation which Spain might think proper to make+
but would aid and countenance such negotiation, provided it
were founded upon a basis which appeared to them to be prac-
ticable ; and that they would, in any case, remain strictly neu-
tral in a war between Spain and the Colonies, if war should be
unhappily prolonged.
But
yenttheermpriazse
of
constitutingSpu at itnh aatgtahai thenensietunnt eirtei n
entirely Colonon fe
awni eyscctflowerseotiiugloltd: ;Pbaoenwdevri Power, in
ee upondanb
they must take such decision as the interests of Great Britain
might require.

That the British Government abAolutely disclaimed, not only
any desire of appropriating to itself any portion of the Spanish
Colonies, but any intention of forming any political connec-
tion with them, beyond that of amity and commercial inter-
course.

That in those respects, so far from seeking an exclusive pre-
ference for British Subjects over those of Foreign States,
England was prepared, and would be contented, to see the
Preference ; and to be ;.wiked, after
Ilinlopthoessresotntnotrfy
that(by virtue of an amicable arrangement)
her, equally with others, on thetfoou ..
of the most favoured
nation.

•
That, completely convinced that the ancient system of the
Colonies could not he restored, tt*
British Government could
not enter into any stipulation binding itself either to refuse or
recognition of their Independence. •
Thai the British Government had no desire to precipitate
that recognition, so long ti
as. there was any reasonable chance of
an accommodation with the 11.1
to delav its
other Country, by which such a
recognition might come first front Spain.
But that it could not wait indefinitely far that result : that
it could not consent to make its recognition of the New States
dependent upon that of Spain
;- and that it would consider any
foreign interference,
the by
lofarce or by menace, in the dispute be-
tween Spain and Conies, as a motive for recognizing the
latter without delay.
That the mission of Consuls to the several provinces of Spa-
nish America was no new
measure on the part of this coun-
try :--that it was one which had, on the contrary, been delay-
ed, perhaps too long, in consideration of the state of Spain,
after having been announced to the Spanish Government in the
month of December last, as settled ; and even after a list had
been furnished to that Govern Tnent of the places to which such
appointments were intended to be made.
That such app we
pintments re absolutely necessary for the
protection of British trade in those countries.
That the old pretension of
—pain to interdict all trade with
those countries, was, in the opinion of the British Government,
altogether obsolete ! but that, even if attempted to be enforced
against others, it was, with regard to Great Britain, clearly in-
applicable.
That permission to trade with the Spanish Colonies had
been conceded to Great Britain in the year 1810, when the me-
diation of Great Britain between Spain and her colonies was
asked by Spain, and granted by Great Britain : that this me-
diation, indeed, was not afterwards employed, because Spain
changed her counsel ; but that it was not, therefore practicable
for Great Britain to withdraw commercial capital once em-
barked in Spanish America, and to desist from commercial in-
tercourse once established.

That it had been ever since distinctly understood that the
trade was open to British subjects, and that the ancient coast
laws of Spain were, so far as regarded them at least, tacitly
repealed.

That in virtue of this understanding, redress had been de-
manded of Spain in 1822, for (among other grievances) sei-
zures of vessels for alleged infringements of those laws ; which
redress the Spanish Government bound itself by a convention
(now in course of execution) to afford.
That Great Britain, however, had no desire to set up any se-
parate right to the free enjoyment of this trade ; that she con-
sidered the force of circumstances, and the irreversible progress
of events, to have already determined the question of the ex-
istence of that freedom for all the World ; but that, for herself,
she claimed, and would continue to use it ; and should any at-
tempt be made to dispute that claim, and to renew the obsolete
interdiction, such attempt might be best cut short by a speedy
and unqualAied recognition of the independence of the Spanish
American States.

That, with these general opinions, and with these peculiar
claims, England could not go into a joint deliberation upon
the subject of Spanish America, upon an equal footing with
other Powers, whose opinions were less formed upon that ques-
tion, and whose interests were less implicated in the decision
of it.

That she thought it fair therefore to explain beforehand, to
what degree her mind wasNiade up, and Tier determination
taken.

The Prince de I'olignac declared,
That his Oovernment believed it to be utterly hopeless to
reduce Spanish America to the state of its former relation to
Spain ; _ _ _

That France disclaimed, on her part, any intention or desire
to avail herself of the present state of the Colonies, or of the
present situation of France towards Spain, to appropriate to
herself any part of the Spanish possessions in America, or to
obtain for herself any exclusive advantages ;
And that, like England, she would willingly see the Mother
Country in possession of superior commercial advantages, by
amicable arrangements ; and would be contented, like her, to
rank, after the Mother Country, among the most favoured
nations.

I,astly, that she abjured, in any case, vry design of acting
against the Colonies by force of arms.
The Prince de Polignac proceeded to say,
That, as to what might be the best, arrangement between
Spain and her Colonies, the French Government could not give,

nor venture to form, an opinion, until the King of Spain should
be at liberty ;

That they would then be ready to enter upon it, in con-
cert with their Allies, and with Great Britain among the
number.
In observing upon what Mr. Canning had said, with respect
to the peculiar situation of Great Britain, in reference to such
a conference, the Prince de Polignac declared,
That he saw no difficulty which should prevent England from
taking part in the conference, however she might now an-
nounce the difference, in the view which she took of the ques-
tion, from that taken by the Allies. The refusal of England
to co-operate in the work of reconciliation, might afford reason
to think, either that she did not really wish for that reconcili-
ation, or that she had some ulterior object in contemplation ;
two suppositions equally injurious to the honour and good faith
of the British Cabinet.
The Princa de Polignac further declared,
That he could not conceive what could be meant, under the
present circumstances, by a pure and simple acknowledgment
of the independence of the Spanish Colonies ; since, thrle
countries being actually distracted by civil wars, there existed
no Government in them which could offer any appearance of
solidity ;—and that the acknowledgment of American Inde-
pendence, so long as such a state of things continued, :appeared
to him to be nothing less than a real sanction of anarchy.
The Prince de Polignac added,
That, in the interest of humanity, and especially in that of
the Spanish Colonies, it would be worthy of the European Go-
vernments to concert together the means of calming, in those
distant and scarcely civilized regions, passions blinded by
party-spirit ; and to endeavour to bring back to a principle of
union in Government, whether Monarchical or Aristocratical,
people among whom absurd and dangerous theories were now
keeping up agitation and disunion.
Mr. Canning, without entering into discussion upon these
abstract principles, contented himself with saying,
That, however desirable the establishment of a Monarchical
form of 'iovernment in any of these Provinces might be, on
the one hand, or whatever might be the difficulties in the way
of it, on the other hand—his Government could not take upon
itself to put it forward as a condition of their recognition.
P. G. C.

No. 2.
SIR W. A'COURT TO MR. SECRETARY CANNING.
(RECEIVED JAN. 14.)
( Extract.) Madrid, Dec. 30, 1823.
The inclosed Note, though dated the 26th, did not reach me
till yesterday. By my answer, a copy of which I have the ho-
nour to inclose, you will see that 1 merely acknowledge its
receipt, promising to transmit it to my Government.
(Signed) WILLIAM A'COURT.
The Right Hon. George Canning, &c. &c. &c.
TRANSLATION OF FIRST INCLOSURE IN No. 2.
COUNT OFALIA TO SIR was. A'COURT.

Palace, Dec. 26, 1823.
HONOURED Sin—l have the honour to inform you that
the King, my august Master, has determined to devote his
particular attention to the regulation of the affairs concerning
the disturbed countries of Spanish America, being solicitous to
succeed in pacifying his dominions, in which the seeds of
anarchy have taken root to the prejudice of the safety.of other
Governm ants. His Majesty has therefore thought that he
might justly calculate on the assistance of his dear Allies, to-
wards obtaining results which cannot but prove beneficial to
the tranquillity and happiness of all Europe.
The inclosed copy will put you, Sir, in possession of the
orders issued to his Catholic Majesty's Representatives at the
Courts of Austria, France, and Russia :—and as the Ministers
of Spain have not yet proceeded to London and Berlin, the
King has directed me to address you, Sir, and to the Al
of Prussia at this Court, a transcript of the said communica-
tion ; which his Majesty hopes you will have the goodness to
transmit to your Government, whose friendship and upright
policy, the King, my Master, trusts, will know how to appre.
elate the frankness of this communication, and the equity which
has dictated the bases on which it is founded.—l avail myself
of this opportunity, &c.
(Signed) THE CONDE DE OFALIA.
To the Minister of England.

TRANSLATION OF SECOND INCLOSURE IN N 0.2.
The King, our Sovereign, being restored to the throne of his
ancestors, in the enjoyment f his hereditary rights, has seriously
turned his thoughts to the fate of his American dominions, dis-
tracted by civil war and brought to the brink of the most dan-
gerous precipice. As during the last three years the rebellion
which prevailed in Spain defeated the constant efforts which were.
made for maintaining tranquillity in the Costu Firma, for res-
cuing the banks of the Inver Plata, and for preserving' Peru
and New Spain ; his Majesty beheld with grief the progress of
the flame of; insurrection ; but it affords, at the same time,
consolation to, the King that repeated and irrefragable proofs
exist of an immense number of Spaniards remaining true to
their oaths of allegiance to the throne ; and that the sound
majority of Americans acknowledge that that hemisphere can-
not be happy unless it lives in brotherly connection with those
who civilized those countries.
These reflections powerfully animate his Majesty to hope
that the justice of his cause will meet with a firm support in
the influence of the Powers of Europe. Accordingly the King
has resolved upon inviting the Cabinets of his dear and inti-
mate Allies to establish a Conference at Paris, to the end
that their Plenipotentiaries, assembled there along with those
of his Catholic Majesty, may aid Spain in adjusting the
affairs of the revolted countries of America. In examining
this important question, his Majesty will, in conjunction
withretio
his powerful
lAllies, consider of the alterations which
events have produced in his American
_provinces, and of
the
during the disorders, have been formed
with commercial nations ; in order thereby to adopt, with good
faith, the measures most proper for conciliating the rights and
just interests of the Crown of Spain and of its Sovereignty, with
those which circumstances may have occasioned with respect to
other nations. His Majesty confiding in the sentiments of his
Allies, hopes that they will assist him in accomplishing the
worthy object of upholding the principles of order and legiti-
macy, the submission of which, once commenced in America,
would presently communicate to Europe ; and that they will
aid him, at the same time, in re-establishing peace between this
division of the globe and its Colonies.
It is, therefore, his Majesty's pleasure that, penetrated with
these reasons, and availing yourself of the resources of your well
known talents, you should endeavour to dispose the Government
with which you reside, to agree to the desired co-operation, for
which the events of the Peninsula have paved the way ; autho-
rising you to communicate a copy of this Note to the Minister
for Foreign Affairs.
God preserve you many years,
(Signed) The Conde de OFALIA.
To the Ambassador of his Catholic Majesty
at Paris, and to his Ministers Plenipoten-
tiary at St. Petersbuigh and Vienna.
(THIRD INCLOSURE IN No. 2.)
Slit WILLIAM A'COURT TO COUNT OFALIA.

Madrid, Dec. 30. 1823.

The undersigned, &c. &c. has the honoui to acknowledge
the receipt of the Count Ofalia's note, dated the 26th of this
month. He will hasten to submit it to his Government.

He begs his Excellency to accept, &c.
(Signed) WILLIAM A'COURT.
His Excellency the Count Ofs.Ea, &c.
No. 3.
XR. SECRETARY CANNING TO SIII W. A'COURT.

Foreign Office, Jan. 30, 1824.
Sin—The Messenger Latchford delivered to me, on the 14th
inst. your Despatch, enclosing a copy of the Count de Ofalia's
official note to you .of the 26th of December last; with the ac-
companying copy of an instruction, which has been addressed,
by order of his Catholic Majesty to his Ambassador at Paris,
and to his Ministers Plenipotentiary at the Courts of Vienna
and St. Petersburgh.
Having laid these papers before the King, I have received
his Majesty's commands to direct you to return to them the
following answer :

The purpose of the Spanish Instruction is to invite the
several Powers, the Allies of his Catholic Majesty to " es-
tablish a Conference at Paris, in order that their Plenipoten-
tiaries, together with those of his Catholic Majesty, may
aid Spain in adjusting the affairs of the revolted countries of
Anierica."

......._._......
The maintenance of the " Sovereignty" of Spain over her
late Colonies 'is pointed out in this Instruction as one specific
object of the proposed Conference; and though an expectation
of the employment of force for this object, by the Powers invit-
ed .to the Conference, is not plainly indicated, it is not distinctly
disclaimed.
• The invitation contained in this instruction not being address-
ed directly to the Government of Great Britain, it may not be

necessary to observe upon that part of it, which refers to the..
late " events in the Peninsula," as haVing " paved the way"
for the " desired co-operation."
The British Government could not acknowledge an ap-:
peal founded , upon transactions to Which it was ne- party.
But no such appeal
,was necessary. No variation in -the in-
ternal affairs of Spain has, at any time, varied the King's
desire to see a termination to tht Oils arising from the
protracted Struggle between Spain and Spanish America; or
his Majesty's disposition to concur in bringing about that ter.
minatiOn.

From the year 1810, when his Majesty's single mediation was
asked and granted to Spain, to effect a reconciliation With her
Colonies—the disturbances in which Colonies had then but
newly broken out-:-.to the year 1818, when the same task, in-
creased in difficulty by the course and complication of eventa in
America, was proposed to be undertaken by the Allied Powers
assembled in conference at Aiit-la-'Chapelle ; and from the year
1818 to the prasent time, the good othecs of his Majesty for this
purpose have always been at the service of Spain, within limi-
tations and upon conditions, Which have been in each instance
explicitly described.
Those limitations have uniformly excluded the employment
of force or of menace against the Colonies, on the part of any
Mediating Power ; and those conditions have uniformly 're.'
quircd the previous statement by Spain; of some definite and
intelligible proposition, and the discontinuance ou her part of
a system utterly inapplicable to the new relations which had
grown up between the American provinces and other countries:
The fruitless issue of the. conferences at Aix-la-Chapelle
would have deterred the British Government from acceding to
a proposal for again entertaining, in conference, the question
of a Mediation between Spain and the American Provinces
even if other circumstances had remained nearly the same.
But the events which have followed each other with such ra-
pidity during the last five years, have created so essential a dif.
ference, as well in the relative situation in which Spain and
the American provinces stood, and now stand to each other, as
in the external relations and the interns' circumstances of the
Provinces themselves, that it would be vain to hope that any
Mediation, not founded on the basis of Independence, could
now be successful.

The best proof which the British Government can give of
the interest which it continues to feel for Spain, is to state
frankly their opinion as to the course most advisable to be
pursued by his Catholic Majesty; and to answer, with the
like frankness, the question implied in M. Ofalia's instruction,
as to the nature and extent of their own relations with Spanish
America.

There is no hesitation in answering this question. The stab.'
jects of his Majesty have for many years carried on trade and
formed commercial connections in all the American Provinces,
which have declared their separation from Spain.
This trade was originally opened with the consent of the
Spanish Government. It has grown gradually to such an ex.
tent as to require some direct protection, by the establishment
at several ports and places to those provinces, or Consuls on the
part of this country ;—a measure long deferred out of delicacy
to Spain, and not resorted to at last without distinct and timely
notification to the. Spanish Government.
As to any further step to be taken by his Majesty towards
the acknowledgment of the de facto Governments of America—
the decision must (as has already been stated more than once
to Spain and to other Powers) depend upon various circum-
stances ; and, among others, upon the reports which the Bri.
tish•Government may receive of the actual state of affairs in the
several American provinces.
But it appears manifest to the British Government, that if
so large a portion of the globe should remain much longer with.
out any rccogeized political existence, or any definite political
connexion with the established Governments of Europe, the
consequences of such a state of things must be at once most ern-
barrassing to those Governments, and most injurious to the in-
terests of all European Nations.
For these reasons, and not from mere views of selfish policy,
the British Government is decidedly of opinion, that the re•
cognition of such of the new States as have established de
facto their separate political existence, cannot be much longer
delayed.
The British Government have no tlesire to anticipate Spain
in that recognition. On the contrary, it is on every account
their wish that his Catholic Majesty should have the grace and
the advantage of leading the way, in that recognition, among
the Powers of, Europe. But the Court of Madrid must be
aware, that the discretion of his Majesty n this respect cannot
be indefinitively i
bound up by that of his Catholic Majesty;
and that even before many months elapse, the desire, now sin-
cerely felt by the British Government, to leave this precedency
to Spain, may be overborne by considerations of a more com-
prehensive nature;—considerations regarding not only the es-
sential interests of his Majesty's subjects, but the relations of
the Old World with the New.

Should Spain resolve to avail herself of the opportunity yet,
within her power, the British Government would, if the Court
of Madrid desired it, willingly afford its countenance and aid to
a Negociation, commenced on that only basis which appears to
them to be now practicable ; and would see, without reluctance,
the conclusion, through a Negociation on that basis, of an ar-
rangemect, by which the Mother Country should be secured in
the enjoyment of commercial advantages superior to those con-
ceded to other nations.
For herself, Great Britain asks no exclusive privileges of.
trade • no invidious preference, but equal freedom of commerce
for all.

If Spain !hall determine to persevere in other counselsoit can-.
not but be expected that Great Britain must take her own course'
upon this matter, when the time for taking it shall arrive; of
which Spain shall have full and early intimation.
Nothing that is here stated can occasion to the Spanish Go-
vernment any surprize.
In my despatch to Sir Charles Stuart of ttie, 31st of March,
1823, which was communicated to the Spanish Government, the
opinion was distinctly expressed, that, " time and the course
of events had substantially decided the separation of the Colo-
nies from the Mother Country ; although the formal recogni-
tion of those Provinces, as Independent States, by his Majesty,
might be hastened or retarded by various external circum•
stances, as well as by the more or less satisfactory progress.,
in eaoh State, towards a regular and settled Form of Go-
vernment."'

•
At a subsequent period, in a communication * made, in the
first instance to France, and afterwards to other Powers,•- as
well as to Spain, the same opinions were repeated; with this
specific addition—that in either of two cases (now happily not
likely to occur)—in that of any attempt on the part of Spain,
to receive the obsolete interdiction of intercourse with countries
over which she has no longer any actual dominion ;—or in that
of the employment of foreign assistance to re-establish her
dominion in those countries, by force of arms ; the recognition
of such New States by his Majesty would be decided and im-
mediate.

After thus declaring to you, for the information of the Court-
of Madrid, the deliberate opinion of the British Government on
the points on which Spain requires the advice of her Allies, it
does not appear to the British Cabinet at all necessary to go
into the Conference, to declare that opinion of the a-new ; even
if it were perfectly clear, from the tenor of M. Of'alia's instruc-
tion, that Great Britain is in fact included in the invitation to
the Conference at Paris.

Every one of the powers so invited has been constantly and um
reservedly apprized, not only of each step which the British
Government has taken, but of every opinion which it has
formed on this subject :—and this Despatch will 'be communi-
cated to them all.

If those Powers should severally come to the same conclu-
sion with Greta Britain, the concurrent expression of their
several opinions cannot have less weight in the judgment of
Spain—and must naturally be more acceptable to her feelings--
than if such concurrence, being the result of a conference of
five Powers, should carry the appearance of a concerted dic-
tation.

If (unhappily, as we think) the Allies, or any of theru,
should come to a different conclusion, we shall at least have
avoided the inconvenience of a discussion, by which our own
opinion could not have been changed ;—we shall have avoided
an appearance of mystery, by which the jealousy of other
parties might have been excited :—we shall have avoided a
delay, which the state of the question may hardly allow.
Meanwhile, this explicit recapitulation of the whole course
of our sentiments and of our proceedings on this momentous
subject, must at once acquit us of any indisposition to answer
the call of Spain for friendly counsel, and protect us against
the suspicion of having any purpose to conceal from Spain or
from the world.--I am, Sec.

(Signed) GEORGE CANNING..
The Right Hon. Sir W. A'Court, &c.

• The Memorandum or Conference, No. 1.
t Austria, Russia, Prussia, Portugal, the Netherlands, and
the United states of America.

PA RI. I AMEN T.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 4..
COLONIAL SLAVERY.
Lord KING presented a petition from a place, the name of
which we believe was Knesworth -praying for the abolition of
slavery in the West India Islands.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition on the same sub-
ject, which he stated was signed by a great number of respect-
able persons in Bury St. Edmund's, who prayed that their
Bordships would be pleased to consider of the means of pro-
ducing a gradual abolition of slavery. In the mean time they
prayed for the amelioration of the condition of the unfortunate
oegroes in the colonies. They also prayed that any measures
which might be adopted should be accompanied with a due con-
sideration of the interests of those persons who possessed estates
in the colonies ; in a word, that while justice was done to the
slaves, that those who might thereby suffer loss should he in-
demnified. It seemed to be an understanding, that that part
of the question which concerned the conduct of the persons who
composed the Houses of Assembly in the Colonies should not
be brOught forward ; that their. proceedings, *whether right or
wrong--and as to that he did not then mean to give an opinion
—had better not be discussed. He should therefore at present
abstain from entering on that part of the subject, but could not
so without some explanation. If he admitted the propriety
of sometimes acceding to such an understanding, he must at
the same time state that this principle of reservation was one
which ought to be looked upon with great jealousy. Any en-
deavour to smother or withhold the truth had seldom any other
motive than a false delicacy. As a 'general principle, every
thing like secrecy in public affairs was to lie avoided. Let
their Lordships consider how far this system might be carried.
A Noble Friend of his had given a notice respecting the state
of Ireland, which involved the restoration of the whole of the
civil rights of the Catholic population. How were their Lord-
ships to come to a right decision if any circumstance respect-
ing the state of the country was kept in the dark ? He trusted,
therefore, that when the question came on, the whole facts
would be brought before the House. There was another ques-
tion which might soon be expected to come before the House,
to which he could not help alluding—namely, the intended
grant of 500,000/. for building churches. He could not at the
present moment 'pretend to say whether such an application of
the public money was proper or not. It might' be right—it
might be wrong; but that was the first question to be settled,
and it could mot be determined while any secrecy was preserved
with respect to the state of the titablished Church. It was
• the duty of Parliament, before this measure' should be sane.'
tinned, to inquire into the, revenues of the establishment;
and to see whether or not it' was able to build churches with-
out burdening the public. These illustrations were sufficient
to. prove the advantage of publicity, and , that nothing was so
Injurious to the public interests as the suppression of facts,
and secrecy. Returning to the Subject of the petition, the
Noble Earl observed, that lie concurred with those who were
of opinion, that unless slavery were aboliShed in the colonies,
there would never be an end of the Slave Trade. Btit let
England once say that there shall be no slavery in her co-
lonies, and from that moment the horrible traffic would be
put down—of the atrocities to which that trade gave birth,
and the misery which its unhappy victims endured, nothing
• more would be heard ; for slavery, and all its dreadful conse-
quences both to the slave and master, would cease throughout
the world. Nothing, certainly, could be more advantageous
to the planters themselves than such a change, for property in
the colonies would be benefited by it to a degree not easily an-
ticipated by these'who had not paid attention to the subject.—
Ile. could, however, assure their Lordshipi, that there were
persons who had tried the experiment of free labour, and that
it had answered to their perfect satisfaction. The instructions
which his Majesty's Ministers had sent out to the colonies, -
with a view to the gradual improvement of the condition
,of the
negroes, and final abolition, were moderate and judicious. He
wished, however, to have it understood, that his silence upon
this question would depend upon his opinion, according to the
information he should receive, of the sincerity of Minister! in,
the disposition they had manifested by their instructions. The
Noble Earl concluded by reading some passages of the petition,
and moving that it do lie on the table.
Earl BATHURST would not enter into the questions on
which the Noble Earl had touched in presenting this petition,
but he wished to take this opportunity of informing the Hciiise,
that on to-morrow se'nnight he 'would -lay on the table, by his
3lnjesty's command, certain papers relating to the state of
negro slavery in the colonies. He would avail himself of that
occasion to give an explanation of the measures which his Ma-
jesty's Ministers had thought proper to adopt for the moral and
religions improvement of the negroes, in pursuance of the re-
solution of the House of Commons.
The motion for laying the petition on the table was then
agreed to.
