MARYLEBONE.

Alter a few more remarks from Mr. Murphy, the other three
candidates, Sir Wm. Horne, Mr. Portman, and Colonel Jones,
severally attempted to address the meeting, but in consequence
of the noise made by the crowd, none of their sentiments
could be heard. The names of the cendidates were then put
to a show of hands, when the choice fell upon Mr. Murphy
and Sir Samuel Whalley. A Poll was demanded on behalf of
the other candidates, which was ordered to commence on
Monday morning at 9 o'clock. Mr. Murphy and Sir Samuel
Whalley returned thanks, and the thanks of the meeting hav-
ing been voted to Sir Peter Laurie, the Returning-officer, the
meeting was adjourned till Monday-

FINSB UR Y.
Mr. BISCHOFF proposed Charles Babbage, of Dorset
Street, Manchester Square, as a fit and proper person to
r. present in P .rliament the Borough of Finsbury. This
was the fit at time the electors of this Borough had had the
opportunity of exercising an elective franchise, and for
which they were indebted to our present ministers—(cries
of nn, no, to the people). Could any one heir the name
of Grey without adoration, or that of Brougham, proba-
bly the first man who had ever existed. It was the
duty of the electors to send into Parliament, in
answer to the call of the Reform Bill and
of ministers, liberal and able men ; and one more so could not
be returned than Mr. Babbage. He was of pure and excellent
political principles, and an unflinching reformer (cries of why
don't he pledge himself then). He would watch over the
public purse, and take care that our money was not lavishly
expended. He was a decided opponent also to the corn laws.
He had likewise invented a machine for calculation.—(Loud
laughter, and cries of nonsense, nonsense). He was a gentle.
man, moreover, of the greatest literary attainments, and would
be an ornament in Parliament.
Mr. MARTIN seconded the nomination in a short but empha-
tic speech.
Mr. THOMAS WILSON then came forward to
nominate Christopher Temple, Esq. Mr. Wilson was an old in-
habitant of Islington, and felt proud that the elective franchise
had been now given to the poor, and it was of the utmost int-
portance to send in able and honest men. Mr. Temple was of
decidedly liberal principles, and was determined that every re.
trenchment in Church and State should take place.
Mr. THOMAS CHALLICE seconded the nomination.
Mr. Temple was opposed to all monopoly, and a friend
to vote by ballot. (Cries of how long has he been so ?)
Ever since he had seen that corruption stalked abroad
he had come to a determination that those steps
ought to be taken which would secure to the people their
rights in the only way in which it seemed possible now to have
those rights secured.
Mr. S. C. WHITBREAD came forward as a simple elector
to propose the Rt. Hon. Robert Grant as a fit and proper per-
son to represent this Boro' in Parliament (Mr. Grant's name was
received with loud hissings from almost all parts of the multi_
tude.) Mr Whitbread did not know why the name of the Rt.
Hon. Gentleman should be received with such expressions of
disapprobation. (Cries of because he is a pensioner,)—he was
no pensioner—(Cries of his family are pensioners.) He had been
a long and faithful servant to the public ; and his coining
forward to offer himself for Finsbury the electors ought
t consider as a great compliment to them.
Mr. RUSTELL seconded this nomination. He con-
sidered it would be a disgrace to the electors not to return
Mr. Grant.—(Laud hisses.)
Mr. NICHOLSON next came forward to propose Mr. Se-
rgeant Spankie as a fit and proper person. Ile was a gentle-
tnan who had been an advocate of civil and religious
principles ever since he had been a man. He lived among the
electors, and was a practical man. He was a candidate who
was sure to have the approbation of the greater number of per.
sons present (cries of no, no, and great hissings). He was a
man highly calculated to support reform, and he had been
greatly instrumental in obtaining the extensive reform which
had been granted to the electors (no, no, no). He (Mr. N.)
would not take up more time than to assure the electors that
Mr. Sergeant Spankie was the most likely man to serve them
(great confusion, and cries of no, no, enough, enough).
Mr. R. BELL seconded the nomination.
Mr. ROGERS had left a sick room for the purpose of dis-
charging a duty, and that was to come forward to put in nomi-
nation Thomas Wakley, Esq. of Greenford Hall, as a proper
person to be returned to serve in Parliament. Much had been
said about gratitude to ministers. It was immaterial whether
the Bill had been obtained through the exertions of the
Ministers, or of the people themselves.--(Loud cheers )
It was the duty of the electors to. work out the Bill, now
tl at they had got it—to consider it only as a means to an
end. It was for them now to work for themselves.
Had the candidates who had already been proposed
pledged themselves ?—( Hear, hear.) The electors ought
to have the written signatures of the candidates upon ques-
tiones which most vitally concerned the public. He had
the honour to support Mr. Wakley, because he had pledged
himself to various points of great importance. He had
affixed his name to them, and done it willingly. Ile was
a most able and honest man, well known to the great moss
of electors, anti highly deserving of the support of the
electors.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. H. SMITH came for•vard with great satisfaction to
second this nomination. He hoped that Mr. WAKLEY
would receive universal support.—(Cries of " He will, he
will.") A little exertion would return him, and he hoped
that that exertion would not be wanting.
The candidates having now been put in nomination,
Mr. Babbage came forward to address the meeting. The
ground on which he had to offer himself to the suffrages of
the electors, was his having examined all the minufac-
tories of the country, and his feeling it to be the great
object of the members of the next Parliament to see that
the manufacturing interests of the people were immediately
attended to. Again it would be his duty, if he were sent
to parliament, to exert himself in the retrenchment of all la-
vish expenditure. Taxes ought tobe lessened,tithes ought to be
abolished. On the subject of Church Reform he was also a
large Reformer. Slavery also he detested, and he held it ne-
cessary to be abolished when it was possibly consistent with
their safety. On the subject of the corn laws, connected as it
was with the manufacturing interests, he felt deeply inter.
ested. The corn laws would ever have his earnest attention,
and he trusted that soon they would be abolished. As to tri-
ennial Parliaments, he held that the Septennial Parliaments
were unjust, and that they should be repealed. On the subject of
the ballot he was a strong advocate for it. He likewise would
advocate the diffusion of knowledge throughout all countries.
Mr. TEMPLE was the next to address the meeting.
He offered himself to the acceptance of the electors as a
sincere Reformer, as no doubt all candidates throughout
the country would this day. His feeling and sentiments
had been fully stated over and over• again, and he would
therefore not detain those present very long in repeating
what had been so often stated. The Learned candi.
date then proceeded briefly through some of the details
which he considered mainly interested the electors. He
was a friend to the reduction of taxes, vote by ballot, free
trade, and abolition of slavery. Ile hoped to have the
support of the electors, and for that he would feel greatly
obliged.
The Right Hon. ROBERT GRANT now ►ppeared. It
was some time before he could obtain a hearing. The
following paper was handed up to him
" EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND SUBJECTS OF KING
WILLIAM THE FOURTH IN SLAVERY!
" TO ELECTORS. '
" The following question is recommended to be put to every
Parliamentary candidate, upon the subject of British Colonial
Slavery :
" In the event of your becoming a Member of the next
Parliament, will you vote for and strenuously support measures
for the immediate and entire abolition of Colonial Slavery ?
" By the immediate abolition of slavery is understood the
substitution of judicial for the private and irresponsible autho-
rity now exercised by the master, securing to the slave an
equality of all civil, political, and religious rights with the free.
born-subjects of Great Britain."
He hoped that at all events be might obtain a hearing.
He declared he nor any of his family bad ever received a
