here waiting for an opportunity to discharge their cargoes.
I;have been upwards of a month from sea, and not landed an ar.
title: the expenses of my vessel very heavy, and the prospect
ahead nxt better.

" The Patriots are dishanding their navy, and the ProteHor,
Admiral Ellingsworth, is to he laid up. I really think she look•
better than she did three years ago. General Rodil has sailed in
the English frigate, Briton, for Chili, on his way to join his
blessed Ferdinand.

" Callao presents at this time a woeful appearance of the ra-
vages of a long-protracted siege; most ,of the houses have been
torn down by Rodil, to give his guns a better opportunity of an-
noying the patriots ; in consequence many have been obliged to
build tents for their present accommodation. The mole where
we land is in a very wretched condition, and some attempts are
making to repair it.
" Commerce. is very dull, and there is a great deal of flour on
hand. Until the mines are in full operation, I apprehend things
will remain in their present state."
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM MEXICO, DATED APRIL 15, 1826.

" You will have heard by this mail of the dreadful conflagration
of the Custom-house deposit store -in Vera Cruz, which was to-
tally burnt to the ground. The amount of property destroyed
was very great, but the extent has sot yet been ascertained. There
is no doubt but it was the work of some incendiary, and we trust
Government will make such inquiry as will lead to the detection
of the perpetrators of so infamous an act." •

NEW YORK, MAY )8.

Schooner Abigail, Ilallett Gibara, from-Cuba in 18 days, left
30th April ; on same day was boarded by the British Government
schooner Union; reported having engaged a Spanish slaving,ship
the night before, but was obliged to haul off, owing to her supe-
rior force. The East India Company's ship Roxborough, 600
tons, arrived at Quebec 10th inst. from Canton, whence she
sailed January 21.—Extracted from the Philadelphia Gazette
of May 19.
From a report of the Secretary of State to the Congress, it ap-
pears the number of emigrants to the United States during the
year ending the let Sept. 1825, amounted to 12,381.
Mr. Miner, of Pensylvania, introduced into the House of Re-
presentatives a series of resolutions, the object of which was to
effect the gradual abolition of slavery in Colombia. The House
of Representatives refused to consider the resolutions.

• Mexican Papers to the 16th April, and letters from Vera Cruz
to the 27th April, have been received this morning via America.
They confirm the destruction of the Custom-house, together with
its contents, by fire, on the night of the 7tl“af April. It is un-
known how it commenced. The the continued the whole of the
night,' and on the following morning was one mass of ruins.

Letters from the Carraccas, of the 19th of April, mention, that
an order from the Intendency would be published in a few days,
taking off the import duties on all salt provisions. This, we
believe, is not generally known; it is very probable that an altera-
tion will take place in the rate of importation duties about July
next, and that they will be considerably reduced.
