LONDON, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1 40.

QIGNOR ZUCHELLI and MR.GRA HAM
beg to announce that their MORNING CONCERT
will take place at the GREAT CONCERT ROOM in her
MAJESTY'S THEATRE, on MONDAY, June 23, on which
occasion they will be assisted by all the Italian Performers.
Further particulars will be duly announced.
Boxes, Stalls, Sze., to be had at Mr, Graham's Singing
Academy, 21, Dover-street, and R. Mills, 140, New Bond-
street ; and Tickets 10s. 6d. each, to be had at the principal
Music Sellers.

THE THAMES TUNNEL is Open to the
Public every day (except Sunday) from Nine in the
Morning until dark.—Admittance One Shinn each.
Entrance is on the Surrey side of the river, and near the
Church at Rotherhithe.

The 'funnel is now 1,110 feet in length, brilliantly lighted
with gas, and the Shield is advanced to within less than 50
feet from the Wharf Wall at Wapping.
By Order,
J. CH 5t RLIER, Clerk to the Company.
Company's Office, Walbrook Buildings,
Walbrook, June, 1840 s

PURSUANT to a Decree of the HIGH
COURT of CHANCERY, made in a Cause WHIT-
ING against WHITING, the Creditors of RI ARES WHIT-
ING, late of East Walton, near Lynn Regis, in the County
of Norfolk, Farmer, who died in the mouth of June, 1835, are,
on or before the 18th day of July next, to come in and prove
their Debts before Sir GTFFIN WILSON, one of the Masters of
the said Court., at his Chambers in Southampton-buildings,
Chancery-lane, London; or, in default thereof, they will pe-
ren ptorily be excluded the benefit of the said Decree.
ROBERT POPE, 2, Raymond's-buildings,
Gray's Inn, Plaintiffs' Solicitor.

OTTERD AM, COLOGNE, and the
RHINE, every Wednesday and Saturday ; passen-
gers booked throughout.—The superior and powerful Steam
ships of the GEtiERAL STEAM NAVIGATION COM-
PANY, having each a spacious and splendid Saloon, entirely
detached from the sleeping cabins, and carrying her Majesty's
mails, leave from off the Custom-house or Tower, every Wed-
nesday and Saturday Morning, at Seven o'Clock, as follows :
The COLUMBINE, on Wednesday, June 17. •
The GIRAFFE, on Saturday, June 20.
The OCEAN, on Wednesday, June 24.
These Ships have elegant and extensive accommodations,
and are in direct correspondence with the fastest steamers on
the Rhine, belonging to the Dusseldorf Company.
Fares to Dusseldorf or Cologne, 3/. ; Wiesbaden, 31. 13s. 2d. ;
Frankfort-on. the-Maine, 31. 16s. 10d. ; Mayence, 31. 10s., &c.
Tickets taken for the journey out and home at a very con-
siderable red,iction. Further particulars may be had at the
Compiny's Offices, 16, Lombard-street ; 37, Regent-circus;
and 35, Leadenhall-street.

E X CIS E OFFICE, OLD BROAD-
STREET, JUNE STH, 1840.
For SALE, by Order of the Honourable the COMMIS-
SIONERS of her Majesty's EXCISE REVENUE, in a
Spacious Room, at the Chief Office, Old Broad-street, on
TUESDAY, 23d, WEDNESDAY, 24th, and Thu IZSDAY, 25th of
June, 1840, at One o'clock in the Afternoon of each day
precisely.
The Following GOODS, in LOTS suited to various pur-
chasers :—The following Utensils from the Government Expe-
rimental Distillery—A 600 gallon copper-still, copper worm.
five well- seasoned spirit vats in staves, one of 1,389 gallons, one
of 1,957 gallons, one of 975 gallons, one of 530 gallons, and
one of 492 gallons, very suitable for distillers or rectifiers ;
sundry large brass cocks ; about 900 gallons of illicit Irish
whiskey, in ten gallon lots ; also Scotch whiskey, Foreign
brandy, rum, raw spirits, molasses, liquorice, powder, chicory,
soap, tobacco, snuff, rind cigars, copper stills, large beam and
scales, cullet, casks, tubs, and various utensils.
Samples of the Spirits, Tobacco, &c , and the Utensils, to
be seen at the Warehouse, Old Broad-street, three days pre-
cei nR, from ten till two o'clock, and on the mornings of sale.
Sanil,les of that day's sale only, from ten till twelve o'clock,
when catalogues may be had at 6d. each.
For SALE, by Order of the Honourable the COMMIS-
SIONERS of her Majesty's EXCISE REVENUE, in a
Spacious Room, at the Chief Offii2e, Old Broad-street, on
TUESDAY, 23d, WEDNESDAY, 24th, and THURSDAY, 25th of
June, 1840, at One o'Clock in the Afternoon of each day
precisely.

THE JUNE NUMBER OF
DEARDEN'S MISCELLANY,
Price Is. 6d.

Edited by the Rev. HENRY ALFORD,
Vicar of Wimeswold, Leicestershire, M.A.

Contains an extra quantity of matter with Title, &c. ,toVol. 111.

CONTENTS:-
The Modern Antigone; or, Theory of Alice D'Urban.
The Voyagers. Four Letters, from Major Robert Preston,
R. A., to Walter Benson, Esq.
A Dream. By the Editor.
Chapter on Poetry and Poets.—Byron.
Ena Moriarty. Chap. VII.
Sketches of a Sea Life. Chap. V.
The Magazines, No. I.—Blackwood, Fraser, Tait. By the
Editor.

BEA U H ARNOIS LANDS.
The DIRECTORS of the NORTH AMERICAN
COLONIAL ASSOCIATION of IRELAND hereby give
notice that the Registry of Applications for Land Orders will
be Opened on MONDAY, the 22d instant.
The Bankers' Deposit Receipts must be produced before any
application can be registered.
By order of the Board,
JAMES DEWAR, Secretary.
2, Bank-buildings, London.

FFICE OF THE GAS LIGHT AND
CaKE COMPANY,
19, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, June 15, 1840.
I do hereby Give Notice, That, pursuant to the Bth By-law
of this Company.

-BENJAMIN HAWES, Esq..
one of the Proprietors of this Company, has given me Notice
in writing of his intention to STAND for the OFFICE of a
DIRECTOR, to supply the vacancy which has occured in the
Court of Directors by the Election of William Bateman, Esq.,
to be Deputy-Governor, at the Election which will take place
at this Office on SATURDAY, the 27th day of June instant.
By Order,
CHARLES BURLS, Secretary.

3IETROPOLITAN PATENT WOOD-
PAVEMENT COMPANY.
On the Principle of that laid down at Whitehall.
Capital 150,00 a , in 15,000 Shares of 101. each,
6,000 of which are taken by the present Proprietors;
Deposit 31. per Share.
PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE•
<4. T. Andrews, Esq. George Barrett Lennard, Esq.
Col. S,r Burges Camac. K. C. S. G. Brydgei Lee Warner, Esq.
W. Edward Grainger, Esq. George Lungley, Esq.
Charles Hulse, Esq. T. Lamie !...urray; Esq.
Clement Tabor, Esq.
With power to add to their number.
BANKERS—Messrs. Ladbrokes, Kingscote, and Co.
SouctToas—Messrs. Hodgson and Burton, le, Salisbury-
street, Strand.
OFFICES-20, John-street, Adelphi.

This Company is formed for Paving the Metropolis, and
twenty miles round. Specimens of the principle have been
downlaid at Whitehall, Buckingham Palace, and Oxford-street.
where 2,000 yards more are commenced. The principle is e
new section of the cube. The Blocks are cut across the grain.
at an angle of 6:; degrees 26 min rtes 5 seconds and 8-10ths of e
second, which causes the diagonaljoining of the obtuse angles of
the two parallelopipedes to fall in a perpendicular straight line.
which, laid down obliquely, gives to a surface, perpetually even,
all the streolgth of an arch.
The streets of London alone comprise 6,000,000 square
yards, and are kept in repair at an annual expense of 300,0001.
The profits of the Company will be derived from the original
laying down of the Pavement, each million of square yard,
yielding 150,0001. profit—and also from keeping their pave-
ment in repair, which on a moderae calculation will amount
to 60,0001. per annum—at the same time effecting a saving of
one-half of the Paving-rates to the several parishes. The pre-
sent orders received by the Company amount to 30,0001. Ne-
gotiatiow are pending for other works to a great extent.
Meetings have been held at Liverpool and Manchester. at
which, after the principles of the Wood Pavement were ex
plained, Resolutions were unanimously passed, approving of
the scientific principle adopted by the Metropolitan Patent
Wood Pavement Company, and strongly recommending its ge-
neral use.

Application has since been made to the Inventor for permis-
tion to lay down a quarter of a mile in length at Manchester,
and the work will commence forthwith.

Application for Shares to be addressed to the Secretary, 20
fohn-street, Adelphi, where prospectuses may be obtained.

LAW OF MARRIAGE.

A T a MEETING of PARTIES AG-
-11 GRIEVED by the existing RESTRICTIONS upon
MARRIAGE, held at the Office of Messrs. Crowder and
Maynard, No. 3, Mansion-house-place, London, on Thursday
the 21st of May, a Committee, consisting of seven of the gen-
tlemen present, was appointed (with power to add to their num-
ber), to take the necessary steps for obtaining a repeal of the
objectionable restrictions upon Marriage, and more particularh
that which prohibits Marriage with a deceased Wife's Sister:
and it was resolved, that the objects of the Meeting should bi
forthwith published in such of the London and Provincial Pa
pens as the Committee might think proper, with a view to ob-
tain the active co-operation of all parties interested.
Communications to be addressed to Messrs. Crowder am
Maynard, as above. •

ETROPOLITAN
socr
DIREC

J&,n Allcard, Esq. ---
Richard Low Beck, Esq.
Edmund C. Buxton, Esq.
William Clay, El., M.P.
James Dawson, Esq,
Thomas Fowler, Esq.
Francis Fox, Esq,
Thomas H. Hall, Esq.
Benj. Hawes, Jun., Esq., &LP

J LIFE ASSURANCE
:ETY.
mats.
Charles Hensley, Esq.
Joseph Hoare, Lsq.
John Laurmce, Esq.
William Jowl Lescher,
J. Francis Maubert, Esq.
Joseph Pease, E.q.,
John Taylor, Esq.
John Travers, Esq.
George Vaughan, Esq.

The Directors hereby give notice to Members whose Pre-
miums fall due on the sth of July next, that the same must
be paid within thirty days from that date.
The Premiums are payable Yearly, Half-yearly, or Quarterly
on the sth of January, sth of April, sth of July, and sth oi
October, either of which several days constitutes the commence-
ment of the year to MEMBERS. Persons, therefore, desirous
of entering the Society, AS MEMBERS, on the sth of July
next, should appear at the Office on or before that day.
EXAMPLES of the ABATEMENT of FORTY per Cent.
already allowed on DIEAIBERS' POLICIES of Five Years
standing.

Date of
Policy.

I F;35.
t h January

Sum
Assured

30(10
9.000
I(kW
10(`0
too
3000

Annual Reduces
Premium Premium tion of
paid for on Sixth Premium
First Five Payment. Sixth
Years. ; Year.

X. s d. X. s. d. X. s d.
85 12 3 3 6 P 5 9 0
ns 6 8 69 0 0 45 6 8
71 8 4 41 17 028 11 4
24 17 6 14 1. 0 919 0
171 0 10 101 12 6 69 8 4
111 15 0 85 1 11 56 14 0

19th March

Would as-
sure, at tin
increased
age of the
party.

1035
663
320
345
1685
10,0

The above shows a result admitting of advantageous cqmpa-
rison with any other institution for Life Assurance. All Mem-
bers' Assurances effected during the year 1835 and the earl)
part of 1836, have rec,..ived the above rate of abatement, which
has been made upon data justifying a confident expectatioi
that the same reduction, at least, will be continued to those
Members, and that all others, after having paid five annua
premiums, will become entitled to an equal abatement.
A Reduced Table of Rates for Assurances not claiming Profit.
RICHARD HEATHFIELD, Superintendent.
Princes-street, Bank, June 1, IS-10.

BENJAMIN EDGINGTON, Marquee
Tent, Flag, and Rick Cloth Manufacturer, 2, Duke-
street, London-bridge, and 208, Piccadilly.
" Every hour, every minute of Lord Snowdon's time wa,
now occupied in preparations for the reception of the Roya'
arty. Gunter was forthwith called into council ; Edgington
was summoned in the tent and marquee department."—Low
and Pride, vol. ii., p. 77.
Marquees and Tents, withboard',d floors, and tastefully lined.
suitable for royal and noble parties, or fetes of the most exten.
,ire and brilliant character, may be had at the above esta-
blishment.

A Warehouse at 208, Piccadilly.
Address at full length, Benjamin Edgington, 2, Duke-street
Sout hwark.

THE LATE ATTEMPT TO ASsAS-

SINATE HER MAJESTY.

TRIAL OF THE PRISONER EDWARD
OXFORD.

There are many speculations as to the manner in
which the delinquent Oxford will be dealt, with. B)
some it is stated that he will be tried at the Old Baih
as an ordinary felon, and in other quarters it is sale
that a Special Commission will be speedily issued fel
his trial at Westminster. The general understanding is
that he will be tried by Special Commission; but should
he be tried at the Old Bailey, his trial cannot take place at
the ensuing -;,Session of the Central Criminal Court,
which commence this day, as the prisoner's crime being
that of high treason, he must have 14 days' clear notice, as
well as a copy of the indictment preferred against him.

ATTEMPT TO MURDER THE
QUEEN.

( From the ,Nottingham Review.)
It is impossible to describe the feelings of excitement
which agitated Nottingham yesterday morning, when
the intelligence became known that an attempt had
been made to assassinate the Queen, a brief announce-
ment of which was contained in The Sun London news-
paper. The most hearty expressions of detestation,
at this monstrous crime, escaped from the lips of thou-
sands, who evinced at once their untainted loyalty, and
that horror of assassinatien, which so universally per-
vades the minds of Englishmen. For the particulars
of this treasonable and diabolical attempt, we refer to our
lengthened account ; and we have only to record our
thanksgivings to a good and gracious Providence, which
has preserved the life of our beloved Queen, and saved
the nation from consequences, the bare contemplation of
which makes us shudder. Disastrous, indeed would it have
beenifor the country, had the arm of the assassin been nerve'
sufficiently to enable him to take a sure aim at his intender
illustrious victim. We will not hazard a speculation as to the
atrocious motives that may have prompted this man to
attempt the commission of such an awful crime. The best
and dearest interests of the nation would have been placed
in imminent jeopardy had the assassin succeeded ; and the
people of the United Kingdom, while they rejoice at her
Majesty's escape, will learn of what inestimable value to
the peace and happiness of the country is the continuation
of the life of the Queen, whom God long preserve.

MURDER ATTEMPT TO MURDER THU QUEEN AND
PRINCE ALBERT.—Her Majesty s loyal subjects will learn
with astonishment and horror that an attempt was last night
made upon her life ! The following astounding intelligence
was published in a second edition of The Sun of last evening
—" Just now (about half-past six) we happened to walk down
near St. James's Park, and saw a great crowd of persons fol-
lowing a policeman in charge of a man, all in the greatest ex-
as he approached the Palace gates. Happily
cafitteemr
tehnet,o:hleirc,h we soon learnt was caused by a horrible at-
tempt to murder her Majesty, by firing two pistols at her, one
neither of them took effect. We can learn no more at pre-
sent."—Shrewsbury Chronicle.
THE WINDOW TA X.—A Correspondent who
has not been enabled to observe the effects of the intended in.
crease except in Islington and the adjoining parish of Shore-
ditch, informs us of the following facts. In the former pa-
rish several windows are being walled up in some new houses
erecting near Canonbury, and also in some new houses near
Copenhagen-fields. In many of the old houses bricklayers and
plasterers are stopping up windows. In thoreditch a glazier
who had received orders for the windows in some new
houses nut yet finished, has, in consequence of the intended in-
crease, been ordered to send 448 panes less than was intended.
The stolic thin:
is, no doubt, taking place In other parishes, and
tii,: lok,s to the glass tia...l will bo immense, to hay nt;thity, of the
bad etl'?,•ts that the w:shin tip lali-t, havt; i,,,,, the he ...Tth and
comforts of the people.— SuAdisl/ Times.

ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTION.

The Convention met on Saturday morning according
to adjournment, at the Freemasons' Hall, at 10 o'clock.
Joseph Sturge, Esq., of Birmingham, in the Chair.
The CHAiiimAN said that before commencing the
business of the day he was anxious to offer to the meeting
a few observations on some of the occurrences of yes-
terday, which might have appeared at the time a little
irregular. Their excellent friend Thomas Clarkson Lad
been anxious to escape from all unnecessary excitement.
lie was glad to say that their venerable Friend had not
suffered in consequence of his exertions ; he had seen
him last night, and he was glad to say that he was even
better then than he had been in the morning, and he
hoped they would see him amongst them for a short
time to-day.--(Cheers.) It being the desire of the
Committee to spare their venerable Friend all causes of
excitement had induced thCm to make arrangements
that he should be moved, seconded, Land voted into the
chair before he entered the room. (Mr. Sturge)
was in ignorance of the fact that this had not been done
when he accompanied his venerable Friend into the
room yesterday ; but he scarcely thought it necessary
to put the question, as no doubt could exist that their
venerable Friend would be voted into the chair by ac-
clamation. He hoped the meeting would excuse the
irregularity which had, in consequence, been occasioned ;
but his object had been in putting himself as forward as
he had done, to save the time of the meeting, and the
feelings of their venerable Friend from agitation.
One or two of their friends who had been elected as of-
fice bearers had only arrived the preceding evening, and
were scarcely cognizant of their rules. This also might
have occasioned some little irregularity in their proceed-
ings of yesterday, which he hoped would not again
recur. In order to avoid any irregularity, however, it was
necessary that they should act in strict aceordance with
the rules which they had laid down for the regulation
of their proceedings, as in that manner only could they
save time, of which they all well knew the value. He
coped they would now go on in a spirit of love, una-
nimity, and Christian charity, and he was rejoiced to see
those dear friends who on the question which had occu-
pied their time during the latter part of the preceding
sitting, were then present, prepared to co-operate with
them in the spirit of sincerity and cordiality—(Cheers.)
The following gentlemen were then introduced as
Delegates from France :—Mr. ISAMBERT, the Secre-
tary to the French Anti-slavery Society, and a Mem-
ber of the Chamber of Deputies, in whose honour
medals had bean struck by the coloured inhabitants of
the French colonies ; and M. MORIN, also a distinguished
member of the French Society. They were received
with loud applause.

The CHAIRMAN then said he hoped he should
not be violating the conscientious scruples of any one it
he requested that they might be allowed to sit a minute
or two in silence before the business of the meeting
commenced.

It was shortly afterwards announced that it was the
intention of those who wished to join in devotion before
the commencement of the Meeting to meet in the ad-
joining room for that purpose at half-past nine.
The minutes of the proceedings of yesterday were
then read by the Secretary ; and, after a few observa-
tion from Mr. J. C. Fuller, and one or two other mem
hers of the Convention, confirmed.
The SECRETARY then read the following as the pro-
ramrne of the day's proceedings. The subjects to be
considered were :-Ist. A general view of slavery—its
iissential sinfulness, and its opposition to the genius and
precepts of the Gospel. Its impolicy with relation to
commerce, population, &c. Its influence on legislation
end the security of society. Its moral influence on the
character of the enslaver and the enslaved, and its op-
position to the advance of civilization, education, and
Christianity. 2d. The presant operation of slavery
in British India and Ceylon—the West Indies—the
United States—Texas—South America—and the Mo-
hamedan countries.

At the conclusion of the programme,
Mr. O'CONNELL entered the room, and was received
with loud cheers.

Before the business commenced,

Mr. J. C. FULLER said that he admired silence as
much as any body, but he did not wish to see the Con-
vention turned into a Quaker's meeting ; and if any
,Jne, before the business of the meeting commenced,
vished to make an offering to the throne of Almighty
God, he hoped an opportunity would be given to him of
so doing.

The Rev. B. GooDWIN, of Oxford, having
been called upon by the Chairman, proceeded,
in a very low tone of voice, to read a paper
in the essential sinfulness of slavery and its direct op-
,;)sition to the spirit and precepts of Christianity. The
Rev. Gentleman said that slavery might present itself
in many views to the mind of the philanthropist and the
dolitician, hut in the eye of the Christian its peculiar
,haracteristie was its sinfulness, and the object of his
)aper was to show that its moral delinquency did not
depend upon circumstances, but was inherent in its
iature. He defined slavery to he the coerced service
if a perpetual bondman, whose exertions were coerced
:vithout any previous commission of crime on his part,
it-id without his being permitted the exercise of his own
free will, for the sole advantage of his owner, who
.claimed in him the right of property. The right of
iroperty in the slave was the essential feature of the
nischief—he was acquired by purchase, by gift, by
sill, the same as other property, and subject to bo trans-
'erred in like manner. The relations of husband and
wife, and parent and child, were annihilated, and a gang
slaves stood to their owner in precisely the same
elation as a flock of sheep. However valuable might
oe the services he rendered, the slave received no
iritiivalent for them, for his food and. clothing could no
nore be considered an equivalent than could the fodder
if an ox. The owner looked upon them as his property,
Ind considered lie had a right to do what he liked with
its own. Pubic opinion, indeed, might produce the
enactment of laws for the prevention of crueity to slaves,
it had done for the prevention of cruelty
to animals, but the right remained. In addition to the
ihysical suffering engendered by this system, it degraded
he slave from the condition of man, and this for no
:ituse whatever. It deprived him, as far as he could
is deprived, of all the attributes of man—he could
•xercise no freedom of choice or action ; he could not
recreate his body or his mind, or worship his God, but
it the will of another. Every slave in the world had a
right to be free, whiob nothing could nullify. The with-
molding that right, was the perpetuation of wrong ; and
is one of the great objects of revelation was to inculcate
the principles of truth and justice, on which the moral
pvernment of the world was founded, it was contrary to
revelation. Christianity said that it was our duty to love
the Lord our God, and to love our neighbour as our-
selves. How could it be compatible with love to our
Creator to maltreat his creature, and to deny to man,
.vhom God had formed in his own image, the attributes
of humanity? It was an insult to his Maker, and an
I invasion of his prerogative. It was equally incompati-
ble with the duties of the second table. The law for-
bade not only stealing. but coveting. Slavery being
~ssentially unjust in itself, was essentially sinful ; and
roless these premises could be disputed, the conclusions
.were incontrovertible. If it were pleaded that slavery
.mad been tolerated by God among the Israelites, lie
vould say that the forced service there ordered to take
dace by the voluntary consent of the parties them-
;elves—as a punishment for crime, and of a mere tem-
aorary character—did not come within the scope of his
definition ; and with regard to the Israelites reducing
the inhabitants of Canaan to a state of bondage, they
had God's express command for so doing, and no
persons could now possibly be placed again in
:he same situation as the Israelites than were.
There were no reasons why Christianity should lend its
sanction to what was evidently unjust—Christianity was
directly opposed to it, in spirit and tendency ; if it
favoured slavery, its own evidence of Divine origin
would be weakened. It issued from a Being whose
throne was founded on purity and justice. It was an
emanation of Divine benevolence—a concentration of all
God's kind purposes towards man. How'could it coalesce
with slavery, shocking as were all the effects of slavery
to humanity ?—(Hear.) Every man in the sight of God
was placed on an equality. No man could &aim
exemption from the consequences of the fall—and all
,like were included in the plan of redeeming mercy.
How could it be reconciled to Christianity that men
should, then, be tyrannised over by others of their fellow
men, under the rights, or rather the wrongs, of slave
ownership ? Every tendency to encroach upon another's
rights or happiness, was sinful—and could a man
hold another in slavery without doing so ? The
divine rule of Christianity was—" Do unto others as
you would that others should do unto you." And
mould a man obey that rule who held his fellow-man in
slavery ?—(Hear.) " Love worketh no ill to his
neighbour"—let this Scriptural rule be followed, and
every slave's fetters would be struck off.—(Hear.)
The spirit of slavery was to diminish the sources of hap-
piness, and open fresh fountains of misery. The spirit
of Christianity was to confer happiness even on the
unworthy. The spirit of slavery was to contract,
brutalize, and degrade 7-- that of Christianity to
exalt, purify, and expand, man's nature. The
advance of Christianity abolished slavery gradually
in the ancient States of Greece and Rome. To all
missionary efforts slavery was the greatest of obstacles.
From all these it followed that slavery in every form was a
sin, and that all who feared God or loved men would
purge themselves from the accursed thing, and that on
this ground the grand battle of universal emancipatine
would alone be carried. Ttieinfoi,,, let oil
;sbers of lioneetlity rally round ibis Couveuticu, tir,„
that greater In :3 He that was for theta thau thot,L.
were against them..—(Cheers.)

It was here announced that the Venerable Clarkso❑
had arrived, and he forthwith took the chair, it having
been previously arranged that all expressions of ap.
piause should desisted from, to avoid flurrying him by
any noise or exciteinent. _

The Rev. C. STOVELL felt. anxious that something
practical should be devised on that religious view of the
subject to which the essay just read was directed. He
had several resolutions which he wished referred with
the essay to a Committee, to be thrown into a
practical form, as a recommendation to all Chris-
tian denominations to make slavery a matter of
Church discipline—(Hear)—otherwise never would
the Church assume on this subject its true position.
Why should not the Church apply its principles to the
errors pervading society ? If slavery were a curse, those
cursed by it ought to be delivered from it, and no friends
of the Gospel could be relieved from their responsibi-
lity till they had taken the ground Christianity justified
towards all implicated in the accursed thing. The out-
line of his statement was that the meeting regarded par-
ticipators in slavery, and all legislative protectors of it,
as acting directly contrary to the principles and spirit of
Christianity, and therefore earnestly entreated all
Christian Churches through the world to consider whe-
ther incorrigible offenders of the following classes should
not be excommunicated, viz.:—those who voluntarily
brought men into slavery, either Hll Coolies or ne-
groes ; those who took part in laws keeping up slavery ;
those who knowingly gave a pro. slavery character to re-
ligions bodies; those who voluntarily participated in
the license given by slavery protecting laws, either by
wronging them in person, lioerty, property, or life ;
those who refused slaves equal rights in the Churches
of God, or rejecting their evidence in any matter with
no other reason than their colour and calamity ; those
who possessed slaves without any merciful right to
hold them; that the meeting regarded all kinds of injustice,
guilty before God, and as deserving of reprobation by
Christian Churches, when committed on a black as on a
white man ; and therefore entreated all their fellow-
Christians to recollect that God would hOld them re-
sponsible for any protection of, allowance to, or conni-
vance at slavery.—(Hear.) This sketch he wished to
be maturely considered in a sub-committee, to be by
them, in a well-digested shape, brought before the Con-
vention, the Sub-Committee to consist. of the Rev.
W. Godwin, W. Knibb Collier, and G. Thompson,
Esqrs.
Subsequently, Mr. Stovell, the Rev. J. A. James,
and the Rev. J. Johnston, were added, the latter gen-
tleman seconding the resolution.

Several delegates expressed themselves of the opi-
nion that the question would more maturely he con-
sidered after it had been digested by the Committee.
The Rev. J. YOUNG said he could not agree to the
principle of the resolutions. The Convention was com-
posed of members of all religious parties—Church of
England-men, Baptists, Independents, Presbyterians,
Methodists, Catholics—(hear, hear)—and ought not to
participate in Church discipline ; for some of these de-
nominations had no Church discipline like that of others,
as the Catholics. All that the Convention should do was
to declare their strong disapprobation of slavery, and their
sense of its sinfulness, leaving it to the particular deno-
minations to take such measures as they thought fit.
He moved, as an amendment, that ttie Essay be referred
to the Committee, to frame resolutions upon it.
The Rev. E. TAYLOR, of 'Woodbridge, said, as a
Protestant Dissenting Minister, he never heard a set of
resolutions of which he more cordially approved than
those of Mr. Stovcll—(Hear, hear.) He trusted that
by the integrity of their faith, as Christian men, they
would pass them. They did not interfere with Church
discipline by recommending all Christian men to con-
sider gravely if any persons supporting slavery should
sit with them in Christian fellowship—(Hear.) He
was seldom more grieved and astonished than when he
heard a well-known Dissenting minister disapprove of
this, which lie held to be the soundest practical measure
ever devised on the question. They came here to DO.—
( Hear, hear.) He would so far abide by that as to
cease speaking now—(A laugh)—concluding by ear-
nestly recommending the adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. O'CoNreEee—l really think we are agreed in
principle. There is no difference between our friend
Mr. Stowell and the majority of the meeting as to this
That nothing is more complicated in sinfulness than
slavery—( Hear, hear)—that it is a violation of all
private morality—that it is a robbery in its principle,
and carries multiplied murder in its effects.—( Hear,
hear, hear.) There cannot be a Christian man among
us who does not abhor it from the bottom of his heart.
Now, for what purpose are we come here'? •Nol. to
interfere with Church discipline.—( Hear, heir.) I
would not presume to vote on any question touching
the Church discipline of any of the Churches to which
' you belong—the Baptist or Independent, for instance.
Liberality does not consist in giving up what we believe
ourselves, that is latitudinarianism.—( Hear, hear, hear )
Liberality consists in giving to others what we claim
for ourselves—free independent judgment in religion.
We are not called upon to interfere in Church discip-
line by these resolutions. We are only asked to recom-
mend. And will not any proposition have additional
weight with any Church because it carries with it the
sanction of this Convention ?—(llear.) I am sure that
in my Church we should gladly have the aid which such
a recommendation would afford us in carrying out mea-
sures against the accursed system of slavery which
have already been suggested in the eloquent directions
of the head of our Church, and begun to be carried
out by our clergy.—(Hear, hear.)
Several Delegates strongly advocated the resolutions,
particularly
The Rev. \V. KN11313, Missionary from Jamaica.—
where he said he bad found the immense aclvantiNge
of carrying out the system laid down in thence; olu-
: tions, of snaking slave-holding inconsistent with re' ous
fellowship, and he believed that such a systen truly
carried out would soon he the death-blow of slavery.
Mr. FRANCILLON, of Gloucester, also supported the
resolutions.

The Churches did not excommunicate in those days, for
probably that would have exceeded their powers ; but
there was an influence exerted by the clergy, and, one
after one the villains were emancipated, and slavery
was abolished in these free lands. He understood that
an important object of the Convention was to diffuse
among themselves information of the most full and com-
plete kind of the abominable nature of slavery, of the
arguments used against it, and the proper measures to
be used for its overthrow. Now, a brother had made
use of the phrase, " That the Church should deal
harshly with all the sinners holding slaves, with the ex-
exception of those who held them, in consequence of
any reasonable necessity ?" Now, as he believed that
slavery was an abomination, and could not be recog-
nized by any man who respected the will of God or
reverenced his word, then were not those words incon-
sistent with the notions of the vast multitude in the
assembly ? No Christian or good man could possibly
recognize any merciful reason for one man retaining
property in his fellow-creature. He asked the ques-
tion with respect, but he must contend that whatever
resolutions they might come to, slavery was a great
crime, and ought to be overturned by cry means in
their power.

The Rev. Mr. STOVELL.—One reason for using
these words was to give the friends of slavery an op-
portunity of giving a good and a Christian reason for
the abominable practice if it was in their power. An-
other was, because he was informed that in some cases
where a slave was about to be restored to freedom,
mercy to him would dictate that he should be manu-
mitted in one state in preference to soother, and he
meant his words to apply to the transition state.
Mr. CoLviu. of Boston.—The Rev. Gentleman
who moved the amendment, seemed to have a delicacy
about him in respect to the question, in which he (Mr.
C.) did not share. A short time ago, there was a
disturbance in Canada, chiefly fomented by American
citizens, who were fond of commotion and trouble, and
were more inclined to meddle with other persons affairs
than to mind their own. Whenever they were chased
by the British authorities, they ran and took shelter in
the States ; they would not stop, or the arms of the
British would soon have punished them. Now Eng-
land sent a Minister to our Gorernment, and asked
that they would prevent the marauders from sheltering
on their territory, to which the American Government
at once acceded ; now, would any one say that this
was an interference with the American Government by
England ; of course it was not, and that is what we
want ; the moment we get the track of a slave-holder,
and he takes refuge in the Church of God, we want.
to say to the Church, out with him to our arms, give
him no refuge, withdraw your protection from him, for
he is a sinner. Was that any undue interference with
Church discipline ? He thotrAht not, and cordially sup-
ported the original resolution.
Mr. BOULTBEE, of Birmingham, supported the reso-
lution, inasmuch as it was merely a recommendation to
the Committee to consider.

Mr. YOUNG explained that his objection to the resolu-
tion was this. He did think, although all of them were
agreed that slave-holding was a sin, and was therefore
inconsistent with Church membership, still the Con-
vention was not a body that had a right to interfere
with a Church and its discipline.
After a desultory conversation between many Mem-
bers—

Mr. BLAIR strongly supported the resolution. He
had long been anxious to see such a resolution adopted,
for he conceived that the greatest stronghold of the
slavehoider was the aid and sanction given to the prac-
tice by Churches.
1 Dr. K. Gatvir.r.o supported the resolution, because
be conceived that every Christian Church ought to et.
mise Church discipline in a ease of such aggravated sin.
said, he '
I Mr. J. G. BUIINVY, of New York, must
