LITERARY REVIEW.

MEMOIRS of JOHN DUKE of MARLBOROUGH; with
his Original Correspondence, collected from the Fatnily
Records at. Blenheim, and other authentic Sources : illus-
trated with Portraits, Maps, and Military Plans. By Wrt.-
I.lAm (oxE, 11I.A. F.R.S. F.S.A. Archdeacon of Wilts.
LosomA'N, Hugs-r, Rees, OltmE, and BRowN, Paternos-
ter-row.

(Continued from THE SUN of yefterday.)

. From the accession of WILLIAM 111. the history
of MARLBOROUGH acquires interest and import-
ance.
- With the Revolution revived the liberty, and
with the liberty was restored the energy of Eng-
land. A daring•spirit of enterprize took place of
apathy and despondence; and for the first time
since the reign of ELIZABETH, England resumed
her station emongst the na!ions of Europe. Under
- such a Prince as Wicciam, the transcendant ta-
lents of MARLBOROUGH could not fail to at?.ract
notice, and the Prince de VAUDESIONT, in com-
paring the respective meths of the King's British
Generals, pronounced this judgment :—" KIRK
has fire, LANIER thought, MACKAY skill, and
• COLCHESTER bravery ; but in the Earl of MARL-
BoROUGH there is something inexpressible, as all
their virtues seem to be united,in his single per-
son. I have lost," he emphatically added, "my
wonted skill in physiognomy, if any subject of
your Majesty can ever attain such a height of
military glory as that to which this combination
of sublime perfections must raise him." But al-
'though the genii's Of MARLBOROUGH had pre-
viously extorted homage, it was not till the reign
of AN NE that he challenged the palm of triumph.
Of all the extraordinary events that marked his
life, there is perhaps none more interesting than
his almost miraculous escape in 1702, of which we
have the.following account from his biographer
While the British'people were anxiously expecting the
close of the campaign, they were on the 'mint of losing the
great Commander who had raised their hopes and spread the

glory of their arms. On the 3d of November he quitted
Maestricht for the Hague, and with the Dutch Deputies
descended the Meuse in a boat, accompanied by a guard
of twenty-five men. t Ruremond he was joined on the
following day by Cohorn, in a larger boat with 60 men,
and an additional escort of 50 troopers attended them along

the banks of the river. Such a force seemed fully sufficient
to protect them against any enterprize from the French posts
and garrisons in the vicinity; but in the night the horsemen
lost their way, the larger boat out-sailed the other, and
• ,Itfarlhorough was left with only his slender guard of twenty-
, :fire men.

" In this situation the boat was surprised by a French par-
c.isan from Guelder, who, with 35 men, was lurking among
-reds and sedge. They suddenly seized the tow-rope, poured
1k volley into the boat, and, rushing on board, overpowered
the guard.
The Dutch Deputies were furnished with French passes,
but_Marlborough had thought it degrading to solicit such a
Aafeguard. The coolness and presence of mind, which never
deserted him in the field, were, however, no less conspicuous
in this inglorious yet imminent peril. One of his attendants
who had fortunately preserved a French pass granted to his
brother, General Churchill, when obliged to quit the• army
from ill health, slipped it unperceived into his hand. Though
aware that the date had expired, and that the most trifling
vcrntiny would detect the deception, be presented it to his
captors with undisfurbed confidence. His unruffled deport-
ment, the darkness of the night, and the confusion of the
ranment, prevented a discovery. The adventurers, after pil-
laging the vessel, and extorting the 'customary presents, re-
tained the escort as prisoners, and suffered Marlborough and
his.fellow:travellers to proceed.
" In an instant the disastrous tidings were spread that the
General had fallen into the hands of the enemy ; and the go-
vernor of Venloo led his garrison to Guelder, whither he sup-
posed the illustrious captive had been conveyed, determined
to effect his rescue, or perish in the attempt. At the
Hague also, the intelligence excited the -utmost consterna-
tion. The States, who-.were then assembled, passed a vote
by acclamation, enjoining all their troops to march without
delay, and constrain the garrison of Guelder to release their
prisoner.

" In the midst of the confusion and alarm, Marlborough
himself appeared at the Hague. The transport of joy which
burst forth on his arrival, prayed the deep and general inte-
rest felt for his safety. The sedate and deliberative character
of the natives was lost in the enthusiasm of exultation.—
Surrounded by enraptured crowds, and overwhelmed by tu-
multuous proofs of popular applause, Marlborough with dif-
ficdlty reached the hotel destined for his reception, accompa-
nied by a cavalcade less pompous indeed, but far more grafi.:
fling than any which perhaps had ever graced the triumphal
procession of a Roman General to the Capitol.
• " His friend, pensionary Heinsius, was deputed to compli-
ment him in the name of the States. In this address, the
orator expressed the sentiments, not only of his countrymen,
but of every friend to public !liberty. Your captivity,' he
said, ' was on the point of causing the slavery of these Pro-
vinces, and restoring to France the power of extending her
uncontrollable dominion over all Europe. No hope was left,
if she retained in bondage the man whom we reserve as the
instrument of Providence, to secure independence to the
greater part of the Christian world.'

We close our present Extracts with a detail of
the ceremony observed when the Duke, who bad
been created a Pi ince of the Roman Empire, was
admitted by proxy (in 1706) to the Imperial
Diet:—

" Nov. 22, 170 G.—The Count of Pappenheim, Marshal of
the Diet, having received the Imperial commission, arrived
on the 19th, with a suite of 20 followers, and 13 horses. On
the 21st the Cardinal of Lamberg, principal Commissioner
of the Emperor at the Diet, sent to the Representative of the
new Prince the decreed admission. The Quarter-Master of
the Empire, Heberer, went the same evening to Baron
Schrader, to invite hint to the Congress and solemnity of the
morrow. On the 21st,.at ten in the morning, the Ministers
of the Electors repaired. to Council, in carriages drawn by
six horses; and the Deputies of the Pritices in their best
equipages. The guards were doubled.at,thet(Wn-house, and
each entrance guarded by six centinelS. A dispute arising
aboUt precedency, the ceremony did not bogin till after mid-
day; when the different members being assembled in the
college, the Director of Austria'prpposed to Ball Count Pap-.
Penheim, the bearer of the imperial commission.

" He came with the accustomed suite; and all the Minis-
t-crs.risipg.o4- his enti-Aaic; he tool his place, in a white ha-

hit, embroidered with gold, and a red mantle. After
.far-
ther ceremonies, the Director of Austria ordered the Sub-
Marshalto introduce the Envoy of Miudelheim. He rose,
and, attended by the Quarter-Master and other officers, went
to the Commission Chamber, where be complimented the
Envoy, and invited biM to take.bis place.

The Envoy appearing in the College, the Marshal as-
signed him his seat on ;Ye bench of Princes. The Ministers,,
who had hitherto stOrod, restimed theiYplaces.; anr}thebil
rector of Austria addressed a compliment of congratulation
to the Envoy, in which he commemorated the heroic valour
and meritorious services of the Puke, and testified his hopes
that he would continue to pursue his glorious career, for the
advantage of the common cause, and the benefit of that Em-
pire of which lie was now become a member. The represen-
tative of the new Prince having made an appropriate reply,
was then complimented by the other Ministers individually.
He afterwards regaled them with a splendid enteriainment,
and the ceremony was concluded by a ball.
•
,‘ It is not unworthy of remark, that the first public act in
which Marlborough assisted, by his proxy, was the confirma-
tion of the electoral dignity, granted to the house of Bruns-
wick Luneburg."
After WoLs€Y, MABLEoRoupu was, we believe,
the first, and long continued to he the only, Eng-
lishman on whom a Foreign Court conferred su-
preme honours. Since the commencement of the
present century; this splendid scene has been
brought to our imagination, by the tribute offer-
ed to kindred merit, and the enthusiasm excited
by patriotic exultation. Whilst the names of
NtiLsort and WP,LLINGTON have resounded through
Europe, the laurel, so tong consecrated to the
ashes of CHURCHILL, like the centennial aloe, has
renewed its youth,—another sacred trophy is laid
on the altar of vietory,—au ithperishable column
is added to our national temple.

(To Le contin;icd.)

GENERAL ELECTION.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT ELECTORS
OF THE BOROUGH OF LEICESTER.

GENTLEMEN,
rr HE very encouraging assurances of support
which.many of you have given me, induce me to offer
myself as a Candidate for the high honour-of representing
my native place in Parliament. •

As my nearest connections are resident on the spot, I may
hope to have the best opportunities of becoming acquainted
with your
.local interests: and should T he placed, by your
favour, in the distinguished situation to which I aspire, it
shall be my uniform endeavour to approve myself wo►thy of
your choice, by paying the greatest attention to those local
interests, and by giving upon all occasions, an honest, un-
biassed, and independent vote.
Before the day of Election, I shall hope to be able to pay
my respects in person to every one of the Electors.
I have the honour to be,
Gentlemen, with unfeigned regard,
Your faithful and obedient Servant,
THOMAS PAVES, Junior.
Temple, London, June 3, 1818.

THEATRTC4L—REGISTEII. -
Performed Lost Night.
THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.—Tim Beftux Stvatavro :
Archer, Mr. Elliston; Mrs. Sullen, Mrs. Davison. After
which, The Children in the Wood..
THEATRE ROYAL, CoyENT-GARDENT.—Pizarro: Rolla, Mr.
Young; Cora, Miss Stephens. After which, Blue Beard.

*.* The ROYAL A-jADENIY on Monday.

MAILS- •
ARRIVEI)—I Dublin, I Waterford, 1 France.
Dub-1 Waterford, I Guernsey and Jersey, 1 Lisbon.

PRICE OIT' STOCKS
VMS 10AV AT 1,,k, FIN?. tiCt,!,CIC.

2 per Cent. lied. 784iif India -Bonds-- . 90s. 91s. pr.
3 per Cent. Cons. , shut Ex. Bills, 2d..... 17s. 265. pr
4 per Cents . •'... 961& Ditto, 2id.. 195 21s. pr.
5 per Cent. N. Ann...... shut` (Minium.— . •. • • • 4144 a pr.
Bank L. Ann..— 20 3- i6tlisj l Cons ' for Ace. 79i 80 791 iii

HIGH WATER Al' LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning, 28 minutes after 4. I Evening, 53 minutes after 4.

THE SUN.

SOLEM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT

LONDON,
SiTURDAY, JUNE 6, 1818.
