THE SUN, LONDON, TiltitSDAY, DECV,MIII4III, 1, IS3O.

heads of they oppressors." Better, theiefore,
'riot ei:-
asperatc theetoo The:y 1;no
strength, .an 4 Cci l eniOby it if necessary. The Lords
'mast cboose between the Reform and the destruction of
their House—the Church must descend to a political
equality with Dissenters and Roman Catholics.

One of tl►ese impositions upon the public, which
are called Operative Conservative Dinners, but which

are in reality guzzling matches, got up fot the purpose
of debauching the morals of the working classes, was

passed off at Warrington the other day by the Tories
of that borough. It is scarcely necessary Cot tis to say
that the members of these contemptible confederacies
against the spread of Reform principles, arc either the
wretched victims of intemperance who have become
mamas from the society of the respectable portion of
their own class, or the miserable dependents for cm-
, ployment upon the will of Tory masters—men who not
having courage enough to resist the mandate of a
tyrant) prefer the crouching Attitude and menial offices
of slavery, accompAtlicd with the crumbs that fall from
the rich man'stable, to the erect bearing and inde-
pendent feeling
which, bles9ed be Crop, are the al-

most universal characteristics of the industrious port-
lation of .it 7 manufacturing towns Considering
the films used, the intimidatiou, the bribery, the
Wheedling, the gin) rum, and tobacco expended
by the self-At)led friends of the operatives, wondrous
little progress has been made in the work of conver-
sion. We do not believe that out of the millions of
operatives which the country contains, the sham-asso-
ciations can muster more than three or four thousand
members, if so many. And this is what we are called
upon to look to as a sign of the times—an unelnivocal
symptom of reaction among the working classes This
pitiful PZiclublage of vices beggary, and misery ; this
unnatural combination of the dregs and the scum of so-
ciety, which collectively and individually is an object
for scorn "to point his slow unmoving finger at ;"
this, forsooth, is an epitome of that vast, intelligent,

upright, and liberty-loving body, the operatives o:
Great Britain ! What a libel is this on the industrious
classes ! and what brazen impudence in the knaves who
arc thus attempting to deceive the public by parading
their political decoy-ducks with so much ostentation
before its eyes 1
Of this Warrington feed it may suffice to say that
it was a lac simile of several others which have dis-
graced different parts of the country. The principal
performer was a Mr. MOLLY, who called upon his
pot-companions " not to permit the illustrious descend-
ants of the Barons of Runnymede to be the victims
of theoretical democratic experiments." This is a high
compliment to our nobility. The descendants of the
Barons of Runnymede are much obliged to Mr.
MOLLY, and no doubt feel much flattered (however
the Barons themselves, had they been now alive,
would have felt),by having the protection of his seven-
fold shield thrown over them. MOLLY is, we believe,
the person who wrote the slip-slop, lady's-maid like
letters, which lately appeared in a Morning Paper
under the signature of " RUNNYMEDE." MOLLY
was very appropriately supported by a brother spouter
named something WILKs, or WILKINS, who is,
we have been told, a lawyer if some grade or
other, and who finds abundance of time to tramp
about the country and harangue meetings as respectable
as that at Warrington. This person delivered himself
of a great quantity of trash, which he seems to have
been bottling up for some time, and said, among other
things equally good, that when he got into St.
Stephen's (!) he would impeach any man who should
open his mouth against the peers !! ! Honourable
Members need not tremble.
We find some of the party were baulked of their
feed. There not being grub enough, they were-not
admitted till the cloth (?) was removed—an arrange-
ment at which their stomachs (no wonder) grumbled
sadly.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Sunday, Mon
day, and Tuesday have been received. Bilboa stil
holds out against th e whole power of the Carlists,
The following telegraphic communications are copies
from the official columns of the Moniteur

" Bayonne, Nov. 24.
" Advices from Madrid of the 18th state that, in conse-
quence of a Carlo• Republican plot, the object of which was
to deprive the Queen of the Regency, twenty-six persons
have been arrested, including Calvo de Rosas and Count
de Las Navas.
" Rodil has delivered up the command to Ribero. Bilboa
was not yet attacked on the 21st."

" Bayonne, Nov. 26

" Gomez was on the 11th at Lora, eight leagues from
Seville, the Captain-General at Brones, and the Cadiz militia
dispersed at Alcala. Narvaez was expected on 16th at
Berlanga. Nothing new respecting Bilhoa on the 23d."
" Bayonne, Nov. 27, 1836.
" It is announced that on the 26th at noon, Espartero
left Portugalete at the head of 15,000 men, moving upon
Bilboa, by the road of Balinaceda."
Private letters from Bayonne, of the same date as
the last of these despatches, state that EsrAnTERO
and VILLAREAL were so near each other that an en-
gagement was hourly expected. We therefore look
forward to au early termination of this affiiir. General
E V A rrs had not been able, in consequence of the stormy
state of the weather, to send any assistance to ESPAR-
TERO ; but he had made arrangements to attack Irun
in person, while the Carlists were occupied before
Bilboa. The tools of the PRETENDER wish it to be
credited that EcurA declines capturing the town, be-
cause his Royal Master is unwilling to give it up to be
pillaged, and the Gallant Officer is fearful lest he might
not be able to restrain the ardour of his troops ! The
stomach of an ostrich is too weak to digest such an
absurdity.
On the 18th inst. the mortal remains of CHARLES
X. were consigned to a temporary sepulchre in the
Franciscan Convent at Goritz.

The Opposition Journals continue to attack the
Got•ernment for the recent events at Lisbon, and sig-
nificantly ask, wherefore was a French squadron sent
to the Tagus with orders to co-operate with the Bri-
tish fleet in that river? The Ministerial prints con-
tent themselves with simply denying that the French
Admiral had received such orders ; and add, in conclu-
sion, that the papers on the subject in the bureaus of
the Ministers of Marine and Foreign Affairs, will be
submitted to the Chambers.

There is no other intelligence of any political nio•
meld in those papers. Some interesting extracts from
them are given in another part of The Sun.

The late unfavourable weather has confined many
of the numerous sporting gentry and visiters, of whom Lea-
mington is now very full, chiefly to the drawing-room, and
the private assemblies have commenced with spirit. Last
week Mr. Creighton gave an elegant ball and supper at
Mr. Elliston's Upper Assembly Rooms, which were at-
tended by more than 150 fashionables.
THE CLUBS OF LONDON AND TIIEIR MENI-
BERS.—The unknown author of " The Great Metropolis"
appears to have had opened to him very peculiar sources
of information relative to the existing clubs of London.
We never remember to have read so complete an exposi-
tion of these establishments; his anecdotes also of many of the
members are highly amusing. Other chapters of this en-
tertaining work are devoted to metropolitan society—the
higher classes—the middle classes—the lower classes--
the theatres, gaming-houses, &C. &C.
THE RECORDER'SREPORT.—Yesterday afternoon
the Recorder of the City of London made his report to his
Majesty in Council, at Brighton, of the prisoners confined
in the gaol of Newgate who were convicted at the last
Sessions of the Central Criminal Court, and were under
sentence of death, viz. --William Spinks, aged 22 ; Wm.
Bell, aged 24 ; and Ambrose Elwes, aged 23, for burglary ;
all of whom his Majesty was graciously pleased to respite
during his Royal pleasure.
The Duke of Norfolk keeps himself totally secluded
from the fashionable world., His Grace has been in St.
James's-square for some days, but sees no company.
