THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1838

Cambridge, attended by Miss Kerr and Colonel Cornewall,
arrived soon after ten o'clock, and were received by her Royal
Highness the Duchess of Gloucester, in the lower suite of
rooms. The general company were ushered up stairs.
At eleven o'clock her Majesty arrived, and was received at
the entrance by the Earl of Albemarle, the Hon. Colonel
Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, the Ladies Georgiana Bathurst
and Caroline Legge, Ladies in Waiting on the Duchess of
Gloucester; and Colonel Sir Samuel G. Higgins, Equerry in
Waiting on her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester,
received her Majesty in the entrance hall. The Queen was
accompanied by the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Saxe
Coburg, and the Prince of Leiningen, and was attended by
the Duchess of Sutherland, Hon. Miss Pitt, Hon. Miss Spring
Rice, the Marquis of Conyngham, Earl of Fingall, and Colonel
Buckley. The Queen wore the Riband of the Order of the
Garter, with the Badge of the Order appended, set in diamonds.
The Coldstream band, stationed in the Court-yard, played
" God save the Queen" on her Majesty's arrival.
The Royal and Illustrious party passed to the ball-room,
and dancing commenced.
At one o'clock supper was served in the Dining-room. At
the Queen's table the service was of gold, and in the middle •
was a large temple, very tastefully designed and ornamented.
Grecian Temples, Gothic Towers, and a varioty of ingenious
designs, were interspersed among the candelabra.
The supper-room contains a very large picture of the Holy
Family, Curreggio's whole length Magdalen, a companion
picture of Apollo, &c., and several portraits, including one
of Charles the Tenth, also a pastoral subject finely wrought
in tapestry.
All the rooms and the grand staircase were brilliantly
lighted up with chandeliers, lustres, and candelabras, and
every recess and appropriate space, both in the rooms and
staircase, were ornamented with a most beautiful display of the
choicest plants and flowers.
The costume of the company was of the same rich and splen-
did description as at the State Ball at the Palace.
Among the company were the Austrian and Russian Am-
bassadors, the Ambassadors Extraordinary, Prince de Put-
bus, Prussian ; Baron Van der Clpellen, Netherlands, and
Baroness der Capellan ; Duke de Palmella, Portuguese, and
Duchess de Palmella; Mince Schwartzenburg, Austrian, and
Princess Schwartzenburg ; Count Lowenhielm, Swedish ;
Count Alten, flanoverisn ; Marquis de Brignole, Sar-
dinian, and Marchioness Brignole ; Marshal Souls, French ;
Prince de Ligne, Belgian; Marquis de Miraflores, Spanish ;
Count Ludolf, Neapolitan, and Countess Ludolf ; the Ot-
toman Ambassador, the Prussian, Wurtemburg, Belgian,
Brazlian, Netherlands, Spanish, Sardinian, Hanoverian,
and Saxon Ministers, the Danish Minister and Baroness
Biome ; the Bavarian Minister, and Baroness Cetto ; the
United States Minister, and Mrs. Stevenson ; the Grecian
Minister, and Princess Sou'zo ; the Swedish Charge d'Af-
feires, and Baroness Rehausen ; the Portuguese and Mexi-
can Charges d'Affaires ; Captain Ompteda, Count Alten,
Count Flahaut, Bsininese Sreth, Count and Countess Zichy,
Baron Werther, Baron Bourqueney, Madlle. Soutzo, Count
Bethlen, Baron Lebzeltern, Chevalier de Paiva Pereira, Mr.
De Bille, Baron de Seydlitz, Mr. Negrete, Baron Wedel
Jarlsberg, Baron Bonde, Count Bcrnstorff, Baron de Kral_
soul, Baron de Bergh, Count Pourtalles, Count Hatsfeldt,
Baron Saldern Leppin, Baron Schonfeldt, Count Bentinck,
Baron and Baroness de Lagos, Mr. and Madame Sampayo,
Lord and Lady Gardner, Lord Ashburton, Hon. Mrs. Baring,
Countess of Lichfield, Viscount Torrington, Earl of Liver-
pool, Lady Louisa Jenkinson, Earl and Countess Munster,
Lord Maidstone, Viscountess Forbes, Duke of Rutland, Lady
Adcliza Manners, Marquis and Marchioness of Lothian, Lady
Kerr, Earl and Countess Kinnoull, Mr. Hope, M. P. •
Ilon. C. C. Cavendish, M. P:; Lady Catherine Cavendish,
Miss Cavendish, Mr. and Mrs. Brand, Sir Henry Wheatley.,
Lady Wheatley, and Miss Wheatley, Duke and Duchess
of Buccleoch, Esrl and Countess of Selkirk, the Ladies
Daugiar, Earl and Ceuntess of Rosebery, Lady Anne Prili-
eee, Earl and Count rs of Albemarle, Earl and Countess of
TAnk-rvilb., Earl of Shrewsbury, Lady Mary Talbot, the
Dula,. of Wellington, Viscount and Viscountess Falkland'
E.erl of Lovelace, Marquis of Down‘hire, Lady CharlAte
Hill, Lord and Lady Lynrihorst, Hon. Miss Cooley, the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lady Theedosia Spring Rice,
Mr. Stephen Spring Rice, Miss Spring Rice, Flin. Colo:lel
Cavendish, Mrs. Cavendish, Hon. Miss Cavendish'
i Miss
Cavendish, lion. C. Gore, Hon. Miss Gore, Sir John and
Lady Shelley, Miss Shelley, the Duke and Duchess of Somer-
set, Lady Saint :11.1ur, Viscount and Viscountess Chive, the
Duke aed Duclies.s of Roxburgh, Earl Grey, Lady Georg-ina
Grey, Hon Captain Grey, R. N. ; Hon. Captain Grey, Earl
and Countess Morton, Lady Rivers, Hon. Miss Pitt, Lady
Cecilia Underwood, Countess of Mexboroug:,, Lady S rah
Swill, Earl and Countess of Surrey, Duchess ot Northum-
berland, two Misses Percy, Viscount and Viscountess Peres-
ford, Earl and Countess of Uxbridge, and Lady E. Paget,
Countess of Ando, Lady Fanny Elliot, Lady Mary Elliot,Lord-
Alfred 1),g-et, Lord and Lady J. Russell, Hon. Miss Lister,
Lord and Lady Ashley, Right lion. Sir R. Gordon, Viscsunt
Palmerston, Captain Hay, Earl and Countess Carlisle, Lady
Howard, Mr. Howard, Lady Stuart de Rothsay, and Miss
Stuart, Madlle. D'Este, Earl and Countess de Grey, Lord
Stuart de Rothsay, Lord de Lisle, Marquis of Clanricarde,
Earl ManAcl.l, Lord Stanley, Marchioness of Londonderry,
Lord Foikestor e, Marepia and Allrehioness of Normanby,
Mr. Howson, Marquis of Hertford, Earl and Countess De
La Warr, Lady \Vest, Sir George, Lady, and Miss Sey-
mour ; Lord and Lady Cowley, and Hon. Miss Wellesley ;
Earl and Countess Grosvenor ; Miss Vyse, Duke and
Duchess of Leinster ; Marquis of Anglesey, and two Ladies
Paget ; Duke of Sutherland ; Miss 11titford, Earl and
Countess Jersey ; Lord Villiers, Marquis and Marchioness of
Salisbury ; Lord Alford, Marquis of Lansdowne, Viscount
Loftus and Lord G. Lon us ; Earl and Countess of Sheffield;
Mrs. Hoare, Lord and Lady Maryborough, and Hon. Miss
Wellesley; Earl and Countess Brownlosr, and two Ladies
Cust; Lady Willoughby and Miss Willoughby; Sir James
and Lady Graham; Lady Georgiana Fane, Earl of Clare,
Countess of Chichester, and Lady - Pelham ; Sir C. and
Lady Knightley and two Misses -Knightley; Lady C. Yow-
l:at, Ladv George Murray and Miss Murray ; Lord Hither_
ton and y Miss Littleton ; Mrs. Dawson Darner and Miss
Morier ; Countess and Lady W. Stanhope; Earl Cawdor
and two Ladies Campbell; Lord Emlyn, Earl and Countess
of Haddington ; Lord and Lady Burghereh ; Right Hon. H.
Pierrepont and Miss Pierrepont ; Lady Harriet Paget and
Miss Paget; Countess of Euston, and Lady - Fitz Roy.

A HINT TO THE CONSUMERS OF TEA.-
(Extract of a letter from a Scotch gentleman at Macao, to his friends in
Edinburgh, dated 19th January, 1838.)—" I have found all the re-
spectable natives I have met with extremely civil and communicative. I
went to see the
other places, and, the most absurd of all, the manufacture of black tea
into green. It is very disgusting to think that several hundred tons of
the most inferior black teas are annually sent to Europe painted green,
by a mixture of Prussian blue and a kind of talc pounded very fine. I
_ .

saw about a hundred people in one factory engaged in this manufacture,
and there are many large factories for the same purpose over the river.
It is a filthy process, and enough to prevent one from ever touching
green tea, if not of the very finest kind. Nobody here ever touches green
tea of any kind. I dined at a Chinese party--we sat down, ►even
English and French, and five China men, three of whom were
strangers from the green tea country. I was quite amazed at the readi-
ness with which they entered into all our fun and mischief. They
laughed, and sung, and drank wine with us, just like so many English.
men; put on our hats, gave us part of their dresses, then called them-
selves by our names, and gave their names to us. Altogether, they
were as jovial a set of men as I have seen for many a day. The din.
ncr consisted of about sixty courses, each course of one dish. I tasted
every one, and invariably found them good. I dined upon soups and
stews made of birds' nests, frogs, sea-weeds, sharks' fins, beche de la
meer, or sea snails, nets, pigeons' eggs, sharks' skins, minced pigeons,
&c. You may think lam joking, but I assure you it is quite true, and
all their dishes are exceedingly good. We had, besides the above, beef,
mutton, veal, fish and fowls of all descriptions, grouse, wild.duck,
pheasants, partridges, snipe, quail, besides other good things too nume-
rous to mention."-- Scotsman.

A WEALTHY CONVICT.--.The Sydney
Gazette
gives the following account of the death and property of a man
named
Sam Terry, who was transported some fifty years ago to New South
Wales :—The funeral of the late Mr. Samuel Terry took place on Sun-
day morning. The deceased was followed to the 3rave by a large
number of his friends, and at his particular request was buried with
masonic honours. The band of the 50th Regiment headed the 131.°":.
,
smn, playing the dead march in Saul. Mr. Terry's will was brought
from the Bank of New South Wales (where it had for a considerable
time been deposited), by Mr. Black, the cashier, to the residence of the
deceased in Pitt street, where it was read by Mr. Unwin, in the presence
of the executors, and all the members of the family. Three codicils had
been added to it. By the will it appears that the Sydney rental of upwards
of 10,0001. a year has been left to Mrs. Terry for her life, and after her
decease to his son Edward Terry, for his life, and to the heirs of his
body ; and in case of his death without lawful issue, to the children
of John Terry and. 'Mrs. John Hoskins as tenants in common. The
bulk of the landed property, estimated at 150,0001., has been left to
Edward Terry, his son, for life, and to the heirs of his body, and, in case
of his death without lawful issue, as in the case of the Sydney property.
The personal estate, valued at 250,0001., is left—one moiety to
Edward
Terry and the other moiety to John Terry, of Box-hill, mr, Terry
Hughes, and Mrs. John Hosking, share and share alike. e
.pecific lega-
cies are bequeathed to a considerable amount, among which is 10,0001.
to Mrs. John Hosking, his daughter, and 5,000/. to Mrs. Terry Hughes,
and 100 guineas to each of his executors. All his charitable subscrip-
lions are desired to be kept up for ten years from the date of his decease,
and various annuities are bequeathed to his relatives in England. The
dwelling-house in Pitt-street, and all his household furniture, carriages,
&c., are left to Mrs. Terry. The whole estate is valued at half a mil_
lien.
el‘cru. t oNrlisinandder'j.Terry Hughes, and Mrs.
executrix, and Mr. Unwin,
Terry
Solicitor to the estate.
13'1 larvse. J. .e
enappointedNorton,
Wex.

----eRKNEY.—A mail-coach is to start from Kirkwall
to Stronmess—and to ply daily betwixt the two principal towns on the
mainland of these islands, for the conveyance of her Majesty's man,,
passengers, and parcels. We look upon this as one of the most remark-
able instances of the start which has taken place in these modernmtie times
of improvement ; for we are assured, on good authority, that twenty
years ago the roads in the Orcades were mere traps for travellers, and
that the so.called high way betwixt the two towns, containing cad,
eav n
the
about 3,000 inhabitants, was perilous travelling, exept in sum
on horseback—and as for a faur.wheeled carriage, a balloon would have
been a more practicable mode of conveyance. Since that time
roads have been improved, bridges (not very magnificent, but very use.
ful), have been built over gullies, and the way made practicable for a
mail coach.
Loss ok. LlFE.—Tuesday morning the fishinc,
smack Good Intent, of North Meols, Wright master, was on her home-
ward course with tier cargo, when, having reached about the sixth
buoy in the north-west channel from Lytham, the wind blew a tremen.
dous gale, and the unrortunate vesstl was seen to labour much. No
pump was en board, the crew bailed the water out of her with bucket.,
when she suddenly went eown, and, melancholy to relate, all hands
on beard (three in number) perished. None of them had been picked
up when oar account left yesterday. After the lapse of a short time
the ill-fated vessel was drivels by the boisterous waves then rolling to
the shore nei.r to CTO,S Slack, where she now lies much damaged. Two
of the crew have left families to lament their untimely fate; the other
was a single man. There is every probability of the vest-el being got
off.— Whitaaven Herat'.

CHEVIOT HILLS.—It is said in many border
towns, we know not wit!' what dogree of truth, that when the snow is
seal on Cheviot Hills CM the ‘22.1 ofiune, the tenants of those mountain,
pay no rent for the year. If this be true, the present will be a free year
f::r large patches a: e now distil-10V seen.—Tyne Mercury.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JuLr 5.
The SPEAKER entered the House at Four o'Clock, but there
being only the following thirty-two Members present, the
Houso stood adjourned :
Baines, E. Brotherton, J.
Butler, Hon. P. I'arrott, J.
Wallace, It Sandon, Lord
Dungannon, Lent Canning, Sir S.
Turner, W. Bewes, 'l'.
Lynch, IL A. Hodges, T. L.
Barnard, E. G. Dugdale, W. S.
Pease, Joseph Palmer, G.
Style, Sir's'. C. Duncan, Lord
Finch, Francis Labouchere, H.
Jones, T.

Graham, Sir J.
Lushington, C.
Murray, J A.
Freshfleld, J. W
Manners, Lsrd C.
Warburton, H.
Divett, E.
Thornely, Thomas
Hawes, B.
Salwey, Colonel
Ferguson, Sir Robert

HOUSE OF LORDS, JULY 5.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY, in the absence of the LORD
CHANCELLOR, took his seat on the Woolsack at Five o'clock.

EDUCATION.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from the county
of
.Lancaster (we believe), praying for a better system of edu-
cation for the lower orders. His Lordship said some objection
had been taken to the phrase "lower orders," as though it
meant anything more than that the parties referred to were
I lower" in the artificial scale of society ; however, as this ob-
jection had been taken
----" he (Lord Brougham) would use an-
other phrase theworking classee—to which he appre-
hended no objection could be taken, as many of their Lord-
ships were of the "working classes."-7(Hear, and laughter.)

BEE-R. SHOPS:
The Noble and Learned Lord then presented a petition
signed by 1,000 of the bankers, merchants, and tradesmen of
Bristol, complaining of the ill effects of the late Beer Act, and of
the pernicious effects produced by the numerous beer shops
throughout the country. He stated that so convinced was he of
the baneful influence Of the beer shops, and the encouragement
they afforded to vice of every description, that he would pre-
sent to the House a Bill to repeal that Beer Act. The Noble
Lord concluded by laying on the table his Bill, which would
put an end to the operation of the Beer Act after the Ist of
April next, and he moved that the Bill be read a first time.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said when the measure was
brought before Parliament it was strongly recommended by
many as tending to put an end to the brewers' monopoly ; but
at the time he was aware of the many inconveniences attending
it. But there was another Act which had done a great deal of
good, and that was the Poor Law Amendment Act, for there
were not near so many beer-houses now as there were previous
to the passing of that Act, and a great deal less money was
now spent in them than formerly. It was most desirable
that an end should be completely put to beer-shops.—
( Loud cheering.) He was doubtful whether such a
measure could originate with this House. It would be
better if it originated with the other House. But wherever it
came from he would give it every assistance and support in his
power, being thoroughly convinced that no greater evil had
been done to this country than by the adoption of that measure.
—( Hear, hear.)
Lord BROUGHAM said he had listened with great de-
light to the observations of the Noble Duke. He considered
that sentence of death had gone forth against the beer-
shops, and that it was only respited for forms which must be
complied with before it could be finally executed.--( Cheers. )
This would be a sufficient notice to persons not to take li-
censes, and embark their capital in a vessel which was already
sinking. He had been informed by persons who were well
acquainted with the habits of the working classes, that they
were now quite a diners it people from what they were seven
years ago.--( Hear.)
Lord PORTMAN said the Bill of his Noble Friend near
him, and the avowal of the Noble Duke opposite, were the
most gratifying circumstances that ever happened.—( Hear,
hear.) fie should be highly gratified when the day came to
get this nuisance to the labouring classes repealed, as he was
quite satisfied that the disturbances in 1830, which were so
detrin.ental to the labouring classes, were concocted in beer
shops.
The Bishop of DURHAM was heartily glad to hear the
observations w hien had fallen from Noble Lurds, though he
felt bound to state, that from his experience, the working of the
Poor-law Amendment Act had done much for abating the evil.
The Rev. Prelate presented a petition for the prevention of
all Sunday trading. He could not support the prayer of the
petition, because he thought he would act unwisely in inter-
fering to prevent the sailing of ships on Sunday in a maritime
counLry like flis.
Lord WYN FOR D could not see the applicability of the
argil:l-lent of the Roe. Prelate, for if the poor Lad no money
they could or need not go to these beer shops.
Lord ROLLE, as one of those who had voted with the
Noble Duke for the Bill, was most glad to hear what had
fallen from Noble Lords on both sides of the House. The
repeal of the Bill would be a great relief to the families of la-
bourers in general.

The Eari. of CARLISLE presented a petition from the
Mayor and Corporation of Carlisle, praying that persons
might be relieved from oflicial attendance on the idolatrous
worship of India.
The Earl of ABE FIDEEN presented a petition from Writers
to the Signet, praying that they might be allowed to practice
in the Sheriff; Courts in Scotland.
Lord PORTMAN, in the ab-senee of Lord Duncannon,
said it was the intention of the Noble Lord to move the second
reading of the Dean Forest Bill on Monday next.
TREATMENT OF PRISONERS.

Lord BROUGHAM wished to ask the Noble Lord at the
head of her Majesty's Councils, whether there was any ob-
jection to his moving for information respecting the treat-
ment of prisoners in Newgate, not under sentence, but who had
been committed for trial, and who were consequently by the law
of England presumed to be not guilty. The 4th of Geo. IV.
made special provision for such cases, and the prisoners
were to have a bed, hammock, or cot ; but they were com-
pelled to lie upon rope mats—male and female. In the
next place, the Act provided that all prisoners should
be allowed as much air and exercise as should be
deemed proper for the preservation of their health ; but instead
of that they were locked up for three-and-twenty hours
in the day out of the four-and-twenty. The Act stated
that beer should be allowed under proper restrictions,
but no person was allowed beer unless under the order
of a surgeon. He therefore wished to know from
the Noble Lord at the head of her Majesty's Councils, whether
there was any objection to his making a motion for all infor-
mation the Home-office might have with respect to the way
in which the Act of the 4th Geo. 4th, commonly called the
Gaol Act, had been carried into execution.
The Marquis of L ANSDOWNE was not aware of any
objection to communicate the information desired by the Noble
and Learned Lord, but be would enquire upon the subject.
Earl RIPON observed that an Act had passed a few years
ago, giving to the magistrates, and to the Secretary of State,
iu conjunction, the power of making regulations for the in-
ternal management of gaols, and especially dwelling on the
necessity of separation between prisoners before and after trial.
Lord BROUGHAM said his statement was that prisoners
were kept in solitary confinement—a very different thing from
separation.—( Hear.)
CANADA.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH then rose and said, that before
putting
his question to the Noble Baron (Glenelg) on the sub.
ject of Lower Canada, he would state what he apprehended
to be the law, as enacted by the Act passed at the commence-
ment of the present session, which provided, by the first clause,
that so much of the 31st Geo. 111., or any other Act, consti-
tuting a Legislative Council, or Assembly, in Lower
Canada, should be repealed ; and the second clause
empowered her Majesty by any Commission under the
Great Seal, to constitute a Special Council; but the Act
gave no additional powers to the Governor of Lower
Canada—(Hear, hear)—it merely altered his position thus
far, that he was to legislate with a Special Council instead of
with the Legislative Council. The whole character of the
measure depended on the Special Council, who might either
(according as the Government exercised the discretion
vested in them) exert a controul over the Governors,
or become quite subservient to him, so as to leave
him absolute Governor of Canada. What he (Lord Ellen-
borough) had to ask the Noble Baron was, whether the
Government had any objection to show to Parliament in
what manner they had exercised the trust confided to them.
He would first ask whether the Noble Lord had any objec-
tion to the production of the Commission from the Great Seal,
for the instructions necessarily sent to Canada under the se-
cond clause of the Act. He was also desirous of ask-
ing for the Commission granted to Lord Gosford, as
well as that granted to Lord Durham, in order
that he might be able to compare the two, and see if
there was any difference in their powers. The House ought
also to possess a copy of the mandamus, or warrant, or other
form by which the persons were appointed.
Lord GLENELG said the Noble Lord had confined him-
self to the instructions under the second section of the Act,
and he had no objection to their production; neither did he
object to the production of the mandamus.
Earl RIPON wished to ask the Noble Lord the Secre-
tary for the Colonies as to the powers committed to Lord
Durham—whether they authorised him to do anything by
virtue of any authority with respect to the provinces of Upper
Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick.
Lord GLENELG—The Commission gives the Noble Earl
a general Commission, and gives him power over all these
Colonies—certainly a larger power than any given before.
He had no objection to produce the Commission.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH wished to ask a question as to
the rewards offered for the apprehension of the persons en-
gaged in the nefarious transaction of the seizing of the British
steamer the Sir R. Peel He saw there were 30 persons
in custody, and 10001. offered for the successful conviction
of any one connected with that transaction in a Proclamation.
He wished to ask whether that was to extend to convictions
obtained in au another county? He begged also to ask the
Noble Lord whether that Proclamation was an authentic
document?
Lord G L ENE LG—Yes, it is.
_ _ _

Lord BROUGHAM was greatly surprised that it was
authentic, because a more extraordinary document he had
never seen. Did ally body before hear of the Government of
a country giving a reward to witnesses for prosecuting in a
foreign country ? He wished to ask -whether Lord Durham
had explained this Proclamation in any despatch sent to the
Noble Lord at the head of the Colonial Department?
Lord GLENELG said he had received no such expla-
nation.
__

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE thought it was not only
inconvenient, but rather unjust to criticise with such nicety
the great step that had been taken by the Noble Earl on the
ought not to lose one moment in prosecuting to
spur of the moment. The Noble Earl, no doubt, felt be
conviction those persons who ha] been offenders.
The Noble Earl would be able to vindicate not only this step,
but every other step he might take in the exercise of the
large discretion that had been vested in him.
Lord ELLENLIOROUII thought it was not only conve-
nient, but absolutely necessary, to bring such cases under the

attention of the House, where the Constitution of a Colony had
been suspended for three years.—(Cheers:)
Lord BROUGHAM said, the rroper morr.7nt to object
to any course of conduct on the part of a Colonial Governor
was just when the act complained of had been committed.
He had always been disposed to construe charitably
and candidly on the conduct of Lord Durham. Why, three
days ago, when Lord Durham's appointment of Mr. Turton
lied been attacked, and when he ( Lord B.) endeavoured to
excuse it, every member of the Government was
silent in Lord Durham's defence—nay, the head of the
Government, expressed his regret at the conduct of the Noble
Lord,:as to whose conduct, forsooth, now not a word was to be
said.—( Hear, hear. )
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, I can't help re-
marking upon an observation which has fallen from the Noble
Marquis opposite, with respect to the great powers entrusted
to the Earl of Durham. Now, my Lords, I confess I know
nothing of any great powers entrusted to the Earl of Durham,
except under the Act of Parliament—( Hear)—and it appears
to me that no very great powers are given under that Act, or
under the instructions which were given previously to the pass-
ing of the Act itself ; but the Act gives no power, further
than that of making certain reports on an important subject
respecting the Government of Canada, and of directing the
formation of a Commission of Inquiry for that purpcse.
In any other respect, so far as my recollection serves me,
I know of no other powers given to the Earl of Dur-
ham, which are not ordinarily given to every Governor of a
colony. But the Earl of Durham has arrived at the seat
of his Government in Quebec, and it appears that he has per-
formed certain acts in execution. I conclude, of his instruc-
tions. The Noble Earl, it is said, has been entrusted with a
large discretion in the discharge of his duty of inquiry and re-
porting on the subject of the final settlement of Canada; and
I cannot but feel considerable anxiety on the subject of that
inquiry, and that report which will be made hereafter, in con-
sequence of what has occurred lately and what has been brought
out by the diligence of my Noble Friend near nee (Lord
Ellenborough) in the course of the discussions in the House ;
and it is in this point of view that I consider these discussions
important.—( Hear, hear.) When the Noble Baron opposite
(Lord Glenelg) comes to lay on the table of the House the
instructions which hare been communicated to the Earl of
Durham, we shall see whether be has those enormous powers
of which we have heard the Noble Marquis speak ; but up to
the present moment, this House, Parliament, and the public,
have no knowledge of any such powers as are stated to be
placed in the hands of the Earl of Durham.---( Hear. )
The Marquis of L A NSDO WNE only meant to refer to
the powers given under the Act.
Lord E L LE NB 0 RO UG H —They are none at all.

The Marquis of L A NSDO WNE thought they were con-
siderable; but if their Lordships would condescend to wait,
they would then have fair means of judging if the Earl of Dur-
ham had exceeded his instructions. The Noble Baron (Lord
El!enborough) had said that he had already discovered, from
the proceedings of the Noble Earl's Government, that it was
arbitrary and unconstitutional. He congratulated that Noble
Lord on the rapidity of his judgment. The Noble Earl ar-
rived on the 29th, the vessel sailed on the 3d, and the de-
spatchei.t, he believed, were dated on the Ist; but in the pro-
ceedings of those two or three days the Noble Baron saw suf-
ficient proof that the Noble Earl's Government was arbitrary
and unconstitutional; but he would only say, that if the Noble
Baron had already formed his judgment on the subject, a day
ought not to elapse before he moved for an address to the
Crown, praying for the recall of the Earl of Durham; but to
those who had not formed their judgment with the same haste
ha begged again to suggest the inconvenience cf discussing
such a question with so little information before them.
Lord BROUG HANI said, his Noble Fiend had not yet
answered the question whether in the instructions to the Earl
of Durham the mode and manner of selection, the number and
description of persons, had been specified ; because if that had
not been done the appaintments could not be valid—the parties
could not act.

Lord E LLENBO R DUG I! begged most respectfully to
decline acting on any advice coming from the Noble Marquis.
Ile had acted on his own judgment, fortified by the opinion of
his Noble Friend (the Earl of Aberdeen.) He should con-
tinue to do the same, and the:Noble Marquis might be quite
sure that he would not be a moment after the time.--( Hear,
hear, and a laugh.) The Noble Marquis said that he had com-
plained that the Government of the Noble Earl was arbitrary and
unconstitutional; but lie had put a couple of epithets together,
so as in some measur to confuse the mezning of what he had said.
First, as to his Government being arbitrary, he would say ashy he
had made that charge. He found that on the I4th of July last
the Noble Lord opposite, out of all patience at not receiving
the names of the Executive Council, told Lord Gosford
to name any five persons, but at the same time to take care to
adhere to the recommendations contained in the report of the
Commissioners ; that despatch contained in extenso all the
report, and the Noble Lord said that he concurred in all its
suggestions, amongst which was the following :—" It is our
opinion that the Executive Council should be so composed as
to secure, as far as possible, the confidence of the people ;
that holders of office under the Crown ought not to be dis-
qualified ; yet that the number of office-holders ought never
to be considerable." Arid the Noble Lord himself, in intro-
ducing the Bill, stated that the predominance of office-holders
in the Executive Council was one of the greatest evils of
which the Canadians complained ; yet the first act of Lord
Durham's Government was distinctly to intimate to all the
existing members of the Executive Council, purified as it had
been by Lord Gosford, that their services were not required,
and to appoint in their place three Secretaries, one principal
Aide-de- Camp, and a Commissary- General. —( Hear, hear. )
He said, then, that was a sham Council—( Hear, hear)--and.
it showed an arbitrary spirit.—( Cheers.) What further he
said, and he said it still, was, that it was their duty to supply,
by constitutional vigilance, the absence of a constitutional Go-
vernment in Canada, because he would not call that a consti-
tutional Government which was altogether without any prin-
ciple of popular representation—( Cheers.)
Lord G ',ENE L G did not wish to prolong this discussion ;
but when the proper time came he should be fully prepared to
justify the conduct of Government.
Lord BROUGHAM postponed his motion with regard to
slavery from Tuesday to Thursday next, and named the for-
mer day for his motion respecting the Sardinian vessels.
On the motion of the Marquis. of LANSDOW NE, the
Grand Jury Cess (Ireland) Bill, and the Dublin Port and
Harbour Bill, were read a second time.
