EVENING EDITION.

No. 27, NEW BROAD-STREET.
RITISH and FOREIGN ANTI-
SLAVERY SOCIETY, for the ABOLITION of
AVERy and the SLAVE-TRADE throughout the
WORLD.
The FIRST ANNLVERSARY MEETING of this SO-
Fly was held in Exeter Hall, on Wednesday, the 24th
lane 1840,
is Royal Highness the DUKE of SUSSEX in the Chair.
The Report of the proceedings of the Committee for the past
rar having been read, and the Treasurer's Account presented,
it. It was moved by THOMAS CLARKSON, Esq., seconded by
Monsieur ISA MBE ,T, supported by the Rev. TuOSIAS
SCALES, and resolved,
T•
hat the Report now read, together with the Treasurer's
Account, be approved and rdopted by this meeting, and printed
under the direction of this Committee.
2'l It was moved by the Hon. J. G. BlltwEv, from the United
States, seconded by the Right Hon. Dr. S. LUSHINGTON,
T▪
hat this Meeting, in reviewing the proceedings of the Society
nringthe first year of its existence, feels called upon to acknow-
"age with gratitude, the degree in which it lias been enabled to
141 note the purposes for which it was established, especially in
awakening•• tot attention bothin this and other countries to the
dreadful enormities of Slavery and the Slave-trade.
3(1 It was moved by D. O'CoNNELL, Esq., M.P., seconded
by W. ALLEN, Esq., and resolved,
that while this meeting rejoices in the rapid progress of the
seof Abolition in the Free States of the United States of
America, and deeply sympathises with those of our American
brethren who are struggling in the maintenance of that cause,
tkainst the inveterate prejudices and sordid interests of their
the flow-citizens. It greatly deplores, and indignantly reprobates
1 existence and extension of slavery in the southern parts
w(lz that great Republic, by which a sixth portion of the
and brutes
is degraded into the condition of chattels
-"a brutes, and that an internal slave trade, to an enor-
-111116111 extent, is carried on, to supply the demand for
Zalaa beings in the slave markets of that country under
eamstances as disgusting as they arc barbarous, by all which
t.fie rights of humanity are trampled under foot—the sacred
Peeples of justice and benevolence violated, and the holy
claims of Religion outraged and contemned. This Meeting
*sold therefore call on the American people, in the name of
t)
Christian and Civilized World to renounce these great
iniquities, and the flagrant inconsistency of upholding them in
ect apposition to the solemn, recognized rights of humanity,
!set forth in the Declaration of Independence.
It was moved by Rev. W. KNIBB; seconded by W. W.
ANDERSON, and resolved,
k_ith. That in the opinion of this Meeting the laws which
ine recently been passed in the Islands of Jamaica and Bar.
oes comprehend numerous enactments of an unrighteous
cruel character, productive at once of intolerable oppres-
"a to the emancipated classes, and of severe obstruction to
rieulture, and put into imminent hazard, both the welfare of
t!'e colonies and the successful results of the great act of eman-
e'Pali in, and that this !Sleeting, therefore, most respectfully and
n:nestly implore the Queen's Ministers to recommend to her
jesty in Council, the immediate disallowance of those laws,
8,1 not to withdraw, upon any consideration whatever, the
,„,lPenslary Magistracy which is at present indispensable to the
11-°,lection of the coloured labourers.
to. That this Meeting derives great encouragement from the
rnation of numerous Auxiliaries, not only in Great Britain,
e.ta's° in the British West Indies, upon the Principles of this
.siety,
• That so long as Slavery exists there is no reasonable pro-
!tot of the annihilation of the Slave-trade, and of extinguish-
"ii! the sale and barter of human beings, that the extinction of
i
'''''cry and the Slave-trade will be attained most effectually
a' the employment of those means which are of a moral, reli-
and pacific character, and that no means be resorted to
•iipeY Society in the prosecution of those objects but such as
in entire accordance w:th these principles.
It!as moved by JAMES STANFIELD, Esq. ; seconded by H.
B. STANTON, Esq., from the United States, and resolved,
of that this meeting contemplating the extent and importance
ss_tile objects of this Society, would urge upon the friends of
enslaved of every clime, the great necessity which exists,
a Which in the recent sittings of the General Convention
been made still more aarent, for renewed and vastly in-
ts!ssed efforts to bring slavery itself, and the slave-trade,
which• so necessarily depends upon it, to a perpetual end.
the this meeting is greatly animaterl by the response which
44' friends of the cause, the abolitionists from other countries
%well as from all parts of the United Kingdom. have made to
ihe call of this Society to the General Convention, which has
Closed its highly interestin' and important labours.
was moved by Dr. R. R. MADDEN, seconded by the Rev.
Mr. KENNEDY, and resolved,
lit That the Treasurer, Secretary, Honorary and Corresponding
Zrabers of the Committee be re-appointed for the ensuing
War, subject to a provision, that any Member of the Committee
attending six times between this Annual Meeting and that
ises
next year, be not re-elected in 1841.
Atilb...aa.t this Meeting would strongly urge
in
.formation of
e...""1a1y Societies where none are already in existence, and
.naestly recommends to all auxiliaries to promote Ladies' As-
iutcl tions within their respective districts.
was moved by H. WAYstoutrx, Esq. ; seconded by the
Honourable Justice JEREMIE, and resolved,
in That the warmest and most respectful thanks of this meet •
be given to his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex for
tilte
17 accepting the chair, and for his readiness on this and all
icia
alOng to promote the advancement of the cause of humanity
did tread()
gir d that the cordial thanks of this meeting be also given to
lidi_Eardley Wilmot, Bart., and W. Evans, Esq., M.P., for re-
ut at this meeting subsequently to the retirement of his
°AI 11. h ness.

A/lONS. MALLAN and SONS' improved
MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM, with permanent
bd indestructible White Enamel, not distinguishable from the
tural Cortex or Enamel of the Teeth, for filling decayed
Mons.
11IALLAN and SONS, Surgeon-Dentists, t, Upper
Eaton-street, Belgrave-square, Pimlico; 32, Great Russell-
het, Bloomsbury ; and 8, Rue de Castiglioni, Paris, beg to
8,„."1.1% their Patients and the Public generally, that they have
e,;eeeded in effecting the above desirable improvement. In-
rrndible artificial ar.d natural Teeth fixed, from one to a con-i-
-:Le!, set, without wires or ligatures, guaranteed for mastication
'"gartietilation. Louse Teeth securely and effectually fastened.
/422 per Eaton-street, Belgrave-square ; 32, Great Russell-
Bloomsbury ; and 8, Rue de Castiglioni, Paris.

j SCOTT'S FASHIONABLE DYES, by
: the use of which any FADED ARTICLES of
DRESS may be made EQUAL to NEW—Liquid Pink, Ma-
k", Lilac bloom, or Purple, Nankeen, Brown, Buff, Black,
ti, Full directions for use are given with each bottle. .
S.Flll° J. SCOTT'S LIQUID TRUE BLUE for Dyeing
:)", Cottons, Gauzes, Linings of Curtains, Feathers, Rib-
ti„",, Fancy Baskets, Ladies' Ornamental Work, &c., and for
a"ging silk stockings, and other delicate articles after they
iv't been washed. The above have been in general use for
17 years, and have always been held in the highest estimation.
C. be had, wholesale, of 11IeEsrs. Barclay and Sons, No. 95,
b
rtiarringdon-street; and of al Chemists, Grocers, and Oilmen
;be Kingdom—price Is. the bottle.
.lso J. Scott's Blue Ink Blue SAucers Marking Ink, Plate
___°.Lvder, Urn Powder, &c., Sze.

DESTRUCTIVE ANIMALCUL/E.-
As summer approaches, the Larva of destructive in-
4iiet,s are propagated in infinite multitudes, and impregnate with
111
tn 1("is of insects the very air we breathe. J. READ begs
til„'Vorm Nurserymen, Amateur and Practical Gardeners,
for he has invented Flexible discharge Tubes to all his Machines
,41. destroying those animalculse which make such deadly havoc
to all fruit-trees and plants at this season of the year. From
bran e years' practical experience in gardening in all its
40;e1", J. R. can warrant them the best adapted for the
opt purposes. The valves being solid metal they cannot get
of repair. Working Models in Glass may be seen at the
London Galleries of Science.
nlanufactured and sold by the Patentee, 35, Regent Circus.
Itentr4illY• Sold also by the most respectable nursery and
mien in the United Kingdom. N. 13. None are genuine
except stamped with the words '4 READ'S PATENT.'
*** A liberal discount allowed to the trade.

CONSUMPTION CURABLE, by Dr. J. P.
im HOLMES, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons,
Au author of a Treatise on Consumption. To be had of the
ketthe'r 1 Holdsworth, publisher ; and all Booksellers. His
ch:,lilod of treating this disease in the various stages of bron-
,'; s, hemorrhage from the lungs, hoofing cough, asthma,
rheumatic affections of the chest and heart, is fully de-
17:ebed in his work, and reference to individuals cured is there
n• His peculiar treatment impos sno confinement or ces-
ktioaul n from ordinary occupations. The author may be con-
Strt_eed, from 10 to 2 daily, at his own house, 21, Old Fish-
Doctors'-consmons. Application made by letter, de-
wing the present state of the patient. will meet with imme-
diate attention, and the remedy will be forwarded to any
rt of the country.

TO LADIES.
11R. A. G. HULL'S UTERO-ABDOMI-
NAL SUPPORTER, Womb, by
Radical Cure of
per-
Uteri, r Falling of the Womb, by external ap, licar ion, super-
ng t
irrnl he we of the objectionable pessary, affords i , mediatz relief
th; the distressing bearing down sensations usually attendant On
ti timtplaint, and has never faile lof performing a perfect restora-
t• health, even under the most aggravated circumstances. It
ale 1
the aproval of the most emi ent of the Faculty. includ
t; au the Ols.tetricpk Lecturers, and of every patlent who has tried
i
fin,
in Lend° Iligham, 49, Jermyn-street ; Weiss
4 '""n. 02, Strand ; and S. Maw, 11, Aide:agate. street. Pamphlets
est silting its use and oplication will be p esented by the above.
Alt'. HI haus attends personally on Ladies at 4S, J6lmyu-street,
ti
tntra .11
ce lti DUkC-street.

TiATEMAN'S CONCENTRATED PRE-
PARATION OF RIO NEGRO SARSAP A-
eLIII_LLA is one of the most powerful medicinal agents for renovating
••7 Constitution which has ever been introduced to the Public.
a4t sweetens the blood, corrects a bad habit of body, removes pimples
and blotches, and is an infallible remedy for Scrofula, Scurvy,
NPelas, Socomiary Symptoms, and all those disorders originating
,IFfiptitities of the blot;c1. whether hereditary or otherwise, and
r'nirlarly those arising from the long-continued use of mercury.
eau) Preparation, which is the result of many ye rs' laborious
rch and experiment, is thus noticed by Dr. HANCOCK, in
c'et*
yP:h„i_losophical Papers, read before the Medico-Botanical So.
01.1jt is a feet yet unheeded or unknown in Europe, that this species
bte:rx, the Rio Negro, does manifest a peculiar power in healing
Akers in all parts of the body, and removing a multitude of chronical
irt lions. It t
an scarcely less remarkable for its power in improving
condition d habit of body, and theefore it is not without
Fe. on esteemed a great restorative ; but the narrow views •f the
tijee."ltY have
tonteded to restrict its use itsh affections, and
C *Mears be no comprehension of general utility in alter.
dg the condition of the blood and amending the habit of body, as it
dmoat manifestly in scrofulous, consumptive, and dropsical habits,
caehexies—foul or perverted states of the humours, &c."
dold Wholesale and Retail in Bottles at is. and '2l s . each, by WIL-
IAM BATEMAN, at the Warehouse, No. Hatton Garden,
sdlden ; and by Medicine Venders in the principal Towns in Eng.
aand.
able spoonful diluted in a glass of water forms " Decoction o
patina."
post Orders for any quantity sent free of charge to any part of
Kinirgmr .

" Semper nocuit differre paratis."—L U CA N.
THERE is perhaps no situation in life so full
of embarrassment as when the over-sensitir( feel them-
selves Compelled to reveal their moral indiscretions, or their physical
Perfections, to others. Day after day does the horn)] of exposure
'teurnulate in the morbid imagination, while increasing disease aug-
Ments the suffering of the body and the irritability of the mind. Sen-
sible of the anguish thus protracted, we have adoiste s system which
,°4 practical experience has proved to be highly smeessful, and which
reeludes the absolute necessity of personal communication with
those who recoil from such mode of consultation. A full and minute
description of the case, WI itteil iii plain language, will enable tit to
treat the patient with delicate secrecy; and such has been the pecu-
liar nature of our practice, embracing every variety of difficult cir-
etlmstances that the most timid may leel encouragement in the oppor.
Wilily thus affbrded them.
Twenty-flve years of practice, exclusively devoted to diseases
ru,sincr from indiscretion, gaiety, or climate, whereby the constitution
raY h-aye become enfeebled, enable us to promise a restoration to
ealth, without any interference with the ordinary diet and habits.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. are to be consulted, as usual, every day,
at their residence; and Patients in the remotest parts of the coun-
try can be treated successfully on their d'rscribing minutely the case,
and enclosing a remittance for L deice and Medicine. No difficulty
can occur, as the Medicines will be securely packed, and carefully
protected from obserr-.1.:•::.
GOSS a.Jd CO., M.11.C. Surgeons,
No. 7, Lancaster-pace, Strand, London.
Just publi died (Twenty-third Edition,,—lst. The 21.5.G1S et
LIFE, a familiar commentary on the above Diseasea.-2d. The SY-
HILIST, a Popular Treatise on Lues Venerea &e.-3d
"GIEIANA addressed exclusively o the female Sex May be hod
at $2 Pate;oosSer•rgw,l4:toflou ; modbf all Eopkscilors, Wire bs.cacb.

VICTORIA LIFE ASSURANCE AND
LOAN COMPANY.

No. 18, King William-street, City.
Sir JAMES DUKE, M.P., Chairman.
BENJAMIN HAWES, Esq.. Depdty Chairman.
William Allen, Esq. John Kmll, Esq.
renjamin Barnard, Esq. Benjamin Lancaster, Esq.
Charles Baldwin, Esq. homa s Nesbitt, Esq.
James Cockburn, Esq. Major-General Robertson
Bryan Donkin, Esq. Daniel Sutton, jun., Esq.
Aaron Goldsmid, Esq O'Bryan Bellingham Woolsey,
James Law Jones, Esq. Esq.
EOLICITORS.-- Messrs. Lake and Curtis, rasinghall-s:reet.
As Low Rates of Premium as are consistent with security,
which may be paid annually, half yearly, or quarterly.
The whole of the Profits equally divided between the Assured
tnd the Shareholders.
Claims payable in two months after death.
Loans may be effected by parties Assured with this Company.
WILLIAM RATRAY, Actuary and Secretary.

BENEVOLENT FIRE and LIFE IN-
SURANCE, and NATIONAL BENEFIT SO-
CIETY, 3M, Strand.
Capital, 250,0001.
Under the Management of a Board of Directors.
This Society, in addition to the general business of Insur-
ance Companies, has been formed for the purpose of enabling
persons of very moderate means to attain those objects hitherto
confined to the more wea.thy, viz. :-
1 .t. Insurii,g their lives in sums from 51. and upwards, se-
curing Deferred Annuities as a provision for Old Age; Weekly
Allowances during Sickness ; and Endowments for Children,
the Premiums being divided into Monthly Instalments for the
convenience of the Insured. Also for the protection of such
as possess only a small personal property, Insurances are effected
against loss by Fire, in sums from 101. to 1001., by Quarterly
Payments ; thus Household Goods, Wearing Apparel, Stock
in Trade, Workmen's Tools, &c., to the value oi 201. can be
Insured, on payment of Sixpence every Three Months, duty
included.
The attention of the Public is particularly directed to this
very n( vel feature, for the man to whom this fact is known, will
henc( forth dewy:. little sympathy should he become the
readily
of a calamity, apinst the evils of which he could so readily
have guarded.
F rospeetuses, detailing at length the various modes and rates
of inauraace, can be obtained on application at the office, 351,
Sta ouds or tb any of the Society's Agents.
H.lNrt, y wiL4ON, Actuary and Secretary.
