ODE TO LORD BROUGHAM.

" Mr. Sturize observed that the Chairman would bear him out in
saying that this was the first time that slavery was legalized by law.
" An individual near the speaker here intimated to him that he
should have said, Noble Chairman.
" Lord Brougham—No, I wish you could say the contrary. 1
had much rather be in the House of Commons."—rid, Morning
Chronicle of this Day.

What? Wish to give up a Peer's renown,
And lay thy title and coronet down ?
To cut for ever the House of Lords
And herd with less aristocratic hordes?
To leave poor Lyndhurst in the lurch,
And next O'Connell to take thy perch ?
To " bolt" from Glenelg, and bid adieu
To Ripon and weeping Melbourne too ?
No more to hear Phillpott speak, or quiz
That matchless brazen front of his ?
(A front that must sure have b'een dipped in the Shannon,
For out of its brass you might cast a cannon)
But consort instead with plebeian Hume
In vulgar St. Stephens ?—Oh fie, Lord Brougham

Knowest thou not that to be a Peer,
Is to shorten one's natural length of car;
Though dull, to become on the instant bright,
Though stupid, sage by unquestioned right,
With power to transmit to future ages
A privileged progeny of sages ?
Oh, mightier far than the conqueror's sword,
Is the spell that lies in the words " My Lord :"
It can check the rising tide of mind,
And the giant Reform in fetters bind;
Decree a manacled nation's doom,
And darken it o'er with Cimmerian gloom :
Say, can'at thou then, for one short hour,
Resign, Lord Brougham, this magic power,
Which sage opinion gives to the Great,
Who sport a coronet on their pate P
Yes, well we know thou canst, for thine
Is Nobility, by right divine;
A rank—a patent—a lofty station—
Not of Kings', but of Heaven's own creation ;
'Tis thine to cheer the struggling brave,
And shout " be free !" to the toil.wor■ slave;
The wrongs of ages to redress,
And speed, whero'cr man's footsteps press,
The March of Hutnan Happiness.

DREADFUL STEAM BOAT EXPLO-

SION THIS DAY-TWO LIVES LOST.

This morning, at half-past ten o'clock, a serious calamity occurred
on the river in Erith Reach, by the explosion of a steam boiler on board
the new Hull steam ship, the Victoria, which came up for the first
time yesterday morning. This morning she left Brunswick Wharf,
Blackwall, with 40 lathes and gentlemen on board, consisting of the
Directors, Agents, and their ladies, and a few visitors, who
were invited on a pleasure excursion to the /Core and back for
the purpose of ascertaining the power of the Engines, the rate of
speed, and to commemorate the building of the new strain-ship. The
Victoria proceeded in safety as far as Erith, and the utmost hilarity
and good feeling prevailed, when, in a moment their enjoyment was
damped by an explosion of one of the boilers, and the vessel was imme-
diately filled with steam, and the people on deck were concealed from
each other by the vapour. There were nine men in the engine-room,
five of whom were most dreadfully scalded, and one man, an extra
maker on board was killed.

The Vesper, Gravesend steamer, Capt. Busby, was coming up when
the boiler of the Victoria burst, and finding that something serious had
happened bore down towards the Victoria, and took out the engineer
and three men, who were scalded in a frightful manner, and conveyed
them to the Dreadnought Hospital.ship off Greenwich, where they were
taken on board and received immediate attention. One man, a stoker
soon afterwards expired. The others, although severely injured, are
expected to recover.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

(THIS DAY.)
YOUGHAL.

At the meeting of the Committee this morning, the scrutiny
was resumed, and the parties being now once more equal on
the poll, the petitioner's Counsel proceeded with their objections to the
rote of Kerle Sidley (a freeman) ou the ground of nonresidence. For
the petitioner several circumstances were stated to shew that the voter
had removed from Youghal, and settled permanently in Mallow. For
the sitting Member, on the other hand, it was set up that he passed
only a part of the year at Mallow, but resided principally in Youghal.
The Committee retained the rote.
