MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

On Saturday Mrs. Sophia Horder, a fashionably-
attired female, about 35 years of age, who keeps an
extensive establishment in the dress-making and
millinery business, at No. 9, Hanover-street, Ha•
nover-sqnare, was charged with purloining eighteen
yards of riband from the shop of Messrs. Hodges
and Lowman, linen-drapers, Regent-street, and
three ladies' worked net collars, valued at 41., the
property of Mr. E. P. Jones, laceman, 268, Re-
gent-street. The prisoner was brought to the
office at an early period of the forenoon, but it be-
ing suspected that some stolen property would be
found at her residence, the examination was delayed
until three o'clock, to afford time for an officer to
search the prisoner's house. The tradesmen who
had been robbed accompanied the officer. On the
nature of their visit being made known, the young
ladies, nearly a dozen in number, employed by Mrs.
Horder, were thrown into an inconceivable state of
surprise and alarm. A search took place, but no-
thing that could be identified was discovered. On
the prisoner being brought from the office " lock-
up," she was accompanied by her husband, who,
we understand, is in a respectable line of business as
a wine-cooper. The female was obliged to be sup-
ported in the presence of the Magistrates, and her
husband was greatly agitated.
John Orchard was in the employ of Messrs.
Hodges and Lowman, and about ten o'clock that
morning he saw the prisoner looking at some ri-
bands; he suspected her, and watched her proceed-
ings ; a drawer', full of ribands was lying on the
counter before her, and he perceived her put her
hand in the drawer, take out something which he
could not distinctly see, and then put her hand in
the silk bag which she carried with her. On her
leaving the shop witness followed her, and saw her
enter the premises of Mr. Jones, in the same street.
He waited till she came out, when he said to her
that he thought she had got more than her own in
her bag. She replied, that if such was the case
she must have taken it in a mistake; at witness's
request she accompanied him back to his employer's
shop, where she took out of her bag eighteen yards
of riband, worth about 10s.; witness sent for an
officer and gave her into custody.
John Andrews, the officer, on receiving charge of
the prisoner asked her how it was that she came to
do such an act, when she replied that she did it in
an unguarded moment, and was very sorry, and
hoped the gentleman would forgive her. Witness
searched her bag, and found three ladies' worked
collars in it, which he afterwards ascertained be-
longed to Mr. Jones, of Regent-street.
Mr. Jones had frequently seen the prisoner in
his shop; she was in the habit of coining about
twice a week; she had made a purchase this morn-
ing, which was ordered to be sent to her residence;
the witness identified the net collars as his property.
The prisoner, on being asked if she had anything
to state, replied in the negative.
The husband here stepped forward, apparently
much agitated. He said that his wife had carried
on a respectable business for many years, and her
character would bear the strictest inquiry. Her
business lately had considerably increased, and her
exertions to fit out a lady for the East Indies re-
cently had been so considerable, that her mind be-
came confused, and she hardly knew what she was
about. He would stake his life on her integrity.
The MAGISTRATE said he should not be doing his
ditty were he not to commit her.

The prisoner's husband did not appear to be aware
of the magistrate's decision, and he made inquiries
acs to what was to be done with his wife. On being
iziformed that she was to be committed to Newgate,
he exclaimed in a tone of mental agony, " Good God,
"'t possible ?" He then left the magistrate's room,
declaring that he was certain his wife was uneon-
.eiens of what she was doing when she took the
property!

Saturday Mr. Grant, the gentleman who has

rigured lately before the public in consequence o'
omoying and threatening Mrs. Humby, the actress
vas brought up on a Judge's warrant for repeatinr
tis threats to the above-named lady, under the fol•
!owing circumstances:—
Some time back, upon a misunderstanding taking
Glace between the above-named parties, Mr. Grant
was charged at the office with threatening to shoo'
11rs. Hamby on her leaving the Olympic Theatre,
Ind on that occasion Mr. Grant was held to bail.
He, however, renewed his threats, and anothet
warrant was issued. The officer since had not been
able to find him, and he was indicted. Yesterday,
the officer discovered where he lived, and, by a little
finesse, succeeded in apprehending him, when
Ephraim Bond, Mrs. Humby's friend, attended to
identify Mr. Grant on her behalf.
Being a Judge's warrant, it was necessary to con-
vey him before a Judge, and the parties accordingly
went before Mr. Justice Taunton, when Mr. Grant
admitted himself to be the person described.
Not being provided with bail, a commitment was
ordered to be made out, and he was accordingly
conveyed to the New Prison, Clerken well, and or.
dered to give 24 hours' notice of bail to keep the
peace towards all his Majesty's subjects, more cape-
Cially towards Mrs. Humby.
A stout athletic he-beggar, dressed with dramatic
nicety as a " British tar," was charged with being
a common vagrant, and with having annoyed pas-
sengers at the West end of the town by his rude
demands for relief. The appearance of the fellow
was highly "nautical"—clean duck trousers and blue
jacket, check shirt, secured with the handkerchief
tied in a sailor's knot, leaving his brawny chest ex-
posed, and exhibiting a pair of' formidable black
whiskers, reaching quite round his throat—and alto-
gether he presented the beau ideal of a British tar
which Tom Cooke himself could not have sur-
passed. The fellow, in order to preserve the
" keeping" of the character gave his name Jack
Strongarm,—and, from the evidence of the officer
who apprehended him, he was well entitled to it,
for it had required the assistance of three stout men
to effect his introduction to the Magistrate.
" Well," said Mr. CONANT, " you cannot be per-
mitted to beg aboutithe public streets in this manner."
" Beg ! what, Jack Strongarm beg !" said the
tar, affecting a look of honest indignation ; " Lord
love your Honour, nobody never cotched me axing
for nothing; why, sooner 'an beg, I'd submit to be
keelhauled every day for a month."
Officer—l can swear I saw him ask an alms from
a gentleman's footman.
" Avast there, mate," said the British tar—
" don't pay out your jawing tackle so fast. Your
Honour, I was bearing up for the Tower, to get
my certificate of service, which I got from his Ho-
nour Admiral Fleming, properly signed, when a
gentleman telegraphed me, which signal I answered,
and he dropped a copper into my fist. It arnt no
crime, I hope, for a British sailor as has been 20
years in his Majesty's sarvice, and has fought hard
for Old England, to take a copper, without axing,
when he arnt got a shot in the locker."
Mr. CONANT-1 must commit you for 21 days as
a common vagrant.

" Oh Lord, oh Lord !" bellowed the British tar,
pulling out a pocket-handkerchief and wiping his
eye—" hang me up to the yard-arm, your Honour
—order me six dozen with the cat—but don't go
for to hurt the character of a British sailor by clap-
pin,/ him in the bilboes as a wagrant. Don't go for
to disgrace an old man-of-war's-man, what has got
his discharge from the Caledonia, and has fought
many a hard battle under Lord Emilius Beauclerc.
The " tears" of the "British tar," and his ap-
parent sincerity, caused the Magistrate to waver,
when a gentleman whe was accidentally present,
stepped forward, and recognised" the tar" to be the
individual who had repeatedly importuned him for
relief in the morning, and who had been for some
time past a nuisance to the neighbourhood. This
evidence caused the " tar" to drop down on his
luck, and, having pumped all the " salt water"
from his " upper works," he left the bar consigning
the " eyes and limbs,' of all whom it might concern
to a place which must not be mentioned to " ears
polite."
W ORSHIP- S TREE T.

Henry Brown, with several aliases, was further
examined on a charge of stealing from the dressing-
table of Mr. Desborough, in the Burlington Hotel, a
gold watch, &c. The publicity given to the previous
examination caused the office to be crowded with
hotel-keepers and others whose premises had been
robbed. It was proved that the prisoner had
pledged Mr. Desborough's watch and seals for 61. at
Mr. Cassel's, in Old-street-road, which made a
complete case against him.
Persons from Long's Hotel attended to inspect
the property found at the prisoner's lodgings, but
could not identify, among the vast quantify of va-
luables, any that had been stolen from a lady at that
hotel. A waiter, however, stated, that while wait-
ing upon Lord Torrington, a person came down
stairs with a large bundle of clothes, and, joining
another person, they went into the Clarendon
Hotel. In the evening it was discovered that a
gentleman's dressing-room had been robbed. He
was confident the prisoner was one of the men.
The proprietor of Hatchett's Hotel said his pre-
mises had been robbed three times within the last
three months.

Mr. BROUGIITON, the Magistrate, at this stage of
the examination, should be stifling the ends of jus-
tice if he sent the prisoner for trial at the present
session, from the number of charges against him.
He was remanded for a week.

The Conservative Club, Clique, are indus—
triously propagating, through every channel to which they
have access, that some serious unknown and unintelligible
blunder has been committed in the English Reform Bill,
now the law of the land, which will inevitably prevent its
working well. The report is all fudge.
A Mr. LYON, a boat-builder, in Lambeth,
and one of his men, died in a few hours of the cholera on
Thursday. Letters received from Plymouth mention the
breaking, out there of this malady.
THE CuouANs.—These brigands of the
French Revolution never fought the Republicans in the
field; hut distinguished themselves by the massacre and
plunder of small parties, sacking defenceless villages, and
robbing diligences and travellers. The brave Vendeans,
who fought with a valour that excited the admiration of
their Republican conquerors, should not be confounded
with these bands of robbers and murderers.
DREADFUL BURNING.—On Saturday night,
between the hours of ten and eleven, the vicinity of Wed-
don-s.reet, near Regent-street, w is alarmed by the screams
of fire ! front No. 13, adjoining Mr. PLATTER'S, the
undertaker. It appeared that Mr. EVE, coachman to Mr.
WESTERN, Of B.md-street, tailor, had been making some
compos, for cleaning the harness, and that on putting in
the turpentine. it blazed up, when Mrs. EVE attempted to
extinguish the flames, which, however, soon communicated
to her dress, until she became one mass of moving fire.
Flurrying to the back parlour, from the front one, where
she resided, and finding the door shut against her, she
stood for some moments at the foot of the staircase, and
then rushed right into the street, burning and shrieking.
11.-re she was met by a person of the name of DAVID
EVANS, who stripped off his coat and threw it around her,
hoping to extinguish the flames, but in vain. Horrible to
say, so shockingly was Mrs. EVE burnt that she was taken
to St. George's Hospital, where she expired in excruciating
pain about ten o'clock
yesterday morning. She hail been
in remarkably high spirits the whole of Saturday, and had
just supped with her husband, who likewise was burned,
though not dangemusly, when the accident took place.
Engines 80011 arrived on the spot, and by the exertions of
11 WATKINS, the landlord of Sun, at the corner of Lei-
cester-street, near the Quadrant, the furniture of the on-
tunate couple was rescued from destruction.

As we predicted last a eek, Mr. Tennyson
elected to stand for the newly-created borough Of
Lambeth, in preference to Stamford, where he
I:ained imperishable laurels. 'We deeply regret this
decision, as we are satisfied Mr. Tennyson would
have been returned for Stamford triumphantly. He,
however, thought differently, and he has, with great
propriety, and from a wish not to injure the cause.
put forth the annexation of St. Martin's as the sole
reason for his so thinking. To say more would
have opened a door which all who wish to see
Stamford free would be glad to keep shut.
On Monday an immense meeting of the Blue Free
and Easy took place at the Carpenters' Arms—the
electors being eager to learn what was to be done in
this crisis. Mr. Lumby took the Chair, and Mr.
Adams the Vice-Chair; and after a few of the usual
toasts, Mr. R. Newcomb, in proposing the healths
of the new electors of St. Martin's, justified the
course which Government had pursued in joining
St. Martin's to Stamford, and said the loss to the
cause would be but twenty votes. Alr.Northhouse
thought the loss to the cause would ,be still les.,
but could not join in the justification of Govern-
ment. He considered that Government had de-
parted from, instead of acting under, their general
rule in the annexation—Stamford having more than
the required number of 101. houses, and St. Mar-
tin's being in another county, and no further joined
to Stamford than Gateshead was to Newcastle, the
union of which was resisted by Government. Mr.
Newcomb then in a lengthened speech, which was
much cheered, proposed Mr. Joseph Parkes, of Bir-
mingham, as a fit person to succeed Mr. Tennyson.
Mr. Northhouse followed on the same side, and
enumerated the signal services Mr. Parkes had al-
ready rendered to Stamford. The meeting was exceed-
ingly enthusiastic, and the spirit of the people ova,
evidently on the increase.
It being the general opinion that no time should
be lost, two gentlemen set off for London to see
Mr. Parkes, and, if possible, return with him. On
Wednesday they returned, and called a meeting of
the electors, when they reported that Mr. Parkes,
from private and professional considerations could not
become a candidate for Stamford, but strongly recom-
mended Capt Gregory, of Stivic Hall, in the county of
Warwick—a relation of the eminent London Banker
and Reformer—Mr. Grote, and a Magistrate, and
leading Reformer of Warwickshire. Mr. Parkes
pledged himself to come with Mr. Gregory to at-
tend the registration of the votes, and the election--
and to lend every assistance in his power.
Mr. Parkes returned the following Address to
the requisition sent to him :

" TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGH OF

STADIFORD.

" London, Monday Night, July 2, 1832.
" GENTLEMEN,—As I am leaving town to-morrow
morning, I have scarcely a minute to acknowledge the ex-
tremely flattering and grateful invitation conveyed by your
deputation to me to become a candidate for the borough
of Stamford in the first Reformed Parliament. I much
regret that my private duties, and my present circumstances
compel me to decline the honour of representing a town,
to be elected by which, I can sincerely say, would be
otherwise a more proud and just gratification than my
highest ambition could aspire to. I could not now go
into Parliament without a serious injury to that pecuniary
independence which I esteem as the foundation of public
character and influence.

" I shall, however, always consider the invitation of
the independent and public-spirited burgesses of Stamford
as a grateful approval of my humble individual efforts in
the cause of the borough, and of the memorable and in-
comparable contest which has so gloriously triumphed in
the prostration of an oligarchy so long the plunderers and
oppressors of our country. But we have still much to do
to obtain the great ends of a reform of the representation ;
and I take the liberty of recommending to you Mr. Ar-
thur Francis Gregory, of Stivic Hall, in Warwickshire, an
intelligent and highly informed Warwickshire Reformer,
to whom the common cause is greatly indebted. If the
Burgesses of Stamford should hour him by an invita-
tion, I pledge myself that he Will stand or fall with them,
and poll the last man—that, if beaten, he will come again
—that, if elected, be will prove an honour to the borough
representation, and of eminent use to the country. He
will support only a liberal and honest Administration ; he
will advocate a repeal of the Septennial Act—a wise Re-
form of the Financial, Ecclesiastical, and Corporate sys-
tems—the abolition of slavery, and of useless places and
undeserved pensions—and the promotion of every practi-
cal and desired Reformation.

" I shall be most happy to give him my free and zealous
services in canvassing the borough immediately—in at-
tending the registration of every voter in the town—and
standing by him and the cause of emancipating the ho
rough of Stamford from aristocratic domination, till the
poll has registered the last voter.
" On your parts, I confidently look for an independent
support of such a candidate, and that you will promote the
utmost economy in the conduct of a contest, without
which your ultimate emancipation can never be effected.
" I remain, Gentlemen, with the most grateful feelings
of attachment and respect fur the independent Burgesses of
Stamford,

" Your obliged Servant,
" JOSEPH PARKES."

Mr. NORTIMOUSE strongly regretted that Mr.
Parkes had come to the decision of not standing, as
few men could possess such peculiar qualifications
for representing Stamford.

Mr. NEwcoMB strongly supported Mr. Gregory,
and it was ultimately determined that Mr. Parkes
and Mr. Gregory should be met by a procession on
Saturday evening (to-morrow), at their entrance
from Warwickshire into Stamford. A requisition
was most numerously signed to Mr. Gregory in the
room, and Mr. Stinson despatched with it to Bir-
mingham.
The general meeting having been dissolved, the
Blue Committee assembled, when all the necessary
preparations were made to begin the struggle in the
most determined manner.

General Johnson, who is an intimate friend of
Mr. Gregory, has very handsomely offered to aid
him personally in the canvass, and by every other
means in his power. Mr. Tennyson has also offered
to do the same.

The Burghley party, who had rested their hopes
of success principally on an apprehended schism of
a small but influential party among the Blues, had
Mr. Tennyson determined to take his chance of
being returned, will now see that this their last hope
is fled, and that all parties will now work together
with ardour and unanimity.
Mr. Gregory, on receiving the requisition, ac-
cepted the invitation, and forwarded on Friday the
following excellent and specific address to the elec-
tors :-

" To the independent Electors of the borough of Stam
ford, and the pariah of St. Martin, Stamford Baron,
in the county of Northampton.
" GENTLEMEN,---I have the honour to acknowledge
your highly flattering and respectable requisition to me, to
offer myself as a candidate to represent your interests in the
Reformed Parliament.

" I venture to aspire to this high distinction, and to aid
you in the assertion of your rights as British freemen, al—
though personally a stranger to you, because I am in-
formed that my political principles and constant advocacy
of the cause of Reform in the county of Warwick are not
unknown to you.

" It is the first duty of a candidate to avow to a British
constituency distinctly and fully his unreserved opinions
on all great political questions.
" I am an earnest advocate for the repeal of the Sep-
tennial Act, and for limiting the duration of Parliaments
to a period not exceeding three years—for perpetuating
the scot and !ore votes—and for further improving the re-
,t, c,entative system by insuring the fre•dom and purity
elections.

" If honoured by your suffrages, 1 will strenuously sup.

" I distinctly avow that I will' not resort to any of
those base modes of obtaining yoUr suffrages which would
equally degrade you as Electors, and me as your Candidate.
" If I should be honoured by being elected your repre-
sentative, I pledge myself to devote my best energies and
most unremitting attention to the general welfare of our
country, and to your local interests.
" I will immediately canvass every voter; I will attend
his registration under the Reform Act, and remain on your
hustings till the last man is polled.
" I shall have the pleasure of paying my respects to yott
on Saturday; and believe ma, my fellow-countrymen, that
the honour of a requisition from the electors of a borough
who have made such generous and disinterested sacrifices
and exertions in behalf of the liberties of England, will
ever be gratefully esteemed by
" Gentlemen, your faithful Servant,

" ARTHUR FRANCIS GREGORY.
" Stivic Hall, Warwickshire, July 5, 1832."

On Saturday evening Mr. Gregory, accompanied
by his friend, Mr. Parkes, entered Stamford, being
met at the Empingham turnpike, two miles from the
borough, by a large procession of gentlemen 01i
horseback and electors, and crowds of the towns-
people, with numerous banners and bsnds of music.
The procession entered the borough, received with
every demonstration of political enthusiasm (blue
colours and ringing of bells, flags suspended on the
Church steeples), and perambulated the whole town
for two hours. General Johnson, of Witham, was
seated in Mr. Gregory's carriage.
On the final resting of the procession at the
Teinlysott Arms, the head-quarters of the " Blue
interest,"
Mr. R. NEWCOMB, jun., the proprietor of the Lin-
colnshire Mercury, addressed the burgesses from the
windows of the inn, and introduced the new can-
didates, stating his confident expectations of the
success of the independent cause.
Mr. GREGORY, on addressing the multitude, was
received with loud cheers, and expressions of tri-
umpb. He said, that though a stranger in person,
he trusted that his political character in the public
efforts of Warwickshire for the common cause were
not unknown to them; that the interest of the pub-
Fe-spirited electors of Stamford was that of every
English Reformer; and that he felt as such long
identified with their well-known struggles to escape
the usurpations of the House of Burleigh. He did
not wish to make this a personal or vituperative
contest ; he would not apply unjust or injurious
epithets to the conduct of the Noble family which
had so long held the electors in thraldom, but no
terms could too strongly characterize the illegal in-
terference of a Peer of Parliament in elections, or
the modes by which the voice of the people of
Stamford had been, till the last election, stifled and
destroyed. His address would inform them of the
principles on which he (Mr. Gregory) presumed to
request their suffrages and the high honour of repre-
senting a borough which had made such noble efforts
for its political emancipation. He then adverted to
the various points of his address—his advocacy of
:be repeal of the Septennial Act—the perpetuation
of the scot and lot votes—financial retrencl
ment—the abolition of useless places and si-
necures, and undeserved pensions—the extinc-
tion of negro slavery—the necessity of a sys-
tem of national education—the reform of cor-
porate abuses—the revision of the Corn Laws
and Ecclesiastical system, and other important poli-
tical questions. He stated his decided opinions in favour
of the ballot, as essential to the purity and freedom c f
elections, and vitally necessary for the protection of
the Burgesses of Stamford. He advA•ted to the
con mental struggles for liberty, and the important e
of maintaining a liberal Government to redress the
cruel-wrongs of Poland, and to foster the rising
spirit of freedom in Europe. Mr. Gregory condo-
led a long and eloquent address by pledging him-
self to the political opinions of his address, but
claiming the independent right of exercising his du-
ties as a legislator. He would not for a moment be-
lieve that the effect of the great measures of Reform
could be to return to slavery the electors of Stam-
ford, who had once freed themselves from political
and aristocratic domination. He then exhorted
them to respect the law; to maintain order; to al-
low those who honestly voted against them the
liberty of franchise they claimed for themselves, and
to pity, not insult those, who, perhaps, from their
hearts Reformers, were from circumstances unable
to resist corruption and illegal influence. [Mr. Gre-
gory's speech was interrupted with frequent expres-
sions of satisfaction and loud cheers.]

Mr. PARKES then thanked the electors for the
honour of the offer of their representation to him on
he retirement of their friend, Mr. Tennyson ; but
after the great personal and professional sacrifices of
he last two years in the great national contest for
the amendment of the representation, he was obliged
to return exclusively to his private and professional
duties. He entertained the opinion, that no one
could honestly serve them who was not peeuliltrly
independent; and although his studies and opinions
were strongly political, he would acquire pecuniary
independence before he would be tempted to engage
in the duties of a representative. No other local
cause but that of Stamford, and his friendship for
Mr. Gregory, could have induced him to make an
exception from a general rule he had laid down for
himself, of a greater abstraction in future from public
politics. But he should never regret any humble
services he might have rendered to Stamford of Re-
form; the great vital question of the last eighteen
months had demanded every possible sacrifice. lle
then alluded to the scandalous state of the corporate
sy,tem of England—its utter pervasion from its
original and popular purposes—the necessity of a
thorough revision and extention of municipal insti-
tutions, and his confidence that tile present liberal ad-
ministration would make it a first object of their COll-
- in the first Session of a reformed Parlia-
ment. The people wanted free elections in lieu of
he close, corporate, in-and-in choice—municipal
“Ilicers respected, not despised and hated--a good
old civil constabulary instead of military force, to
-ecure life and property—and the civil and criminal
jurisdictions of ihe towns purified and extended.
Ile appealed to Bristol, where the corporation did
,lot do what they ought to have done; and to other
local corporations, where that was done which
Inzglir not to have been done. The municipal in-
• itutions, corrupt and unsuited to the times, were
holly without moral or legal force. He then re-
,urned them thanks for their pledged support of
tr. Gregory. He had no doubt of their trium
,hant success; but be the issue what it might,
'ley would contend to the last moment of the poll.
le deprecated any personal hostility in the ap-
-o:wiling contest; they had a far higher object,
I the eves of the whole kingdain would be iixeJ
the spirit and good conduct of the independent
.I,ecors of Stamford. lie could riot believe that

Marque:; of Exeter had now the motives to
cmi•tinue this insane and useless contest. Money,
lavished at elections, would no longer, thanks to
the Reform Bills, obtain its equivalent. The
Noble Marquess would be far wiser to consult
his character and interest in allowing the electors a
tree choice of at least one representative; and as TN
candidate had appeared against Mr. Gregory, he
hoped that no opposition would be given. If, how,-
ever, the old system was to be revived, he would
boldly tell the Marquess of Exeter that the next
great public question would be the Reform of the
Peerage. Mr. Parkes then concluded his speech by
earnestly requesting the burgesses to show all ex-
ample of moderation and respect for thaw law, and
that Mr. Gregory would then never flinch from tl.e
utmost exertion.

Genoa! JOHNSON subsequently ddresred the
meeting, and advocated in strong terms his con&
(-knee in Mr. Gregory, and the political claims to
his support.
The crowds afterwards quietly separated, and the
canvass will he commenced on Monday. The
" Red Party" have no candidate yet announced, but
have issued a hand-bill promising that " the candi-
dates in the Red interest will shortly have the plea-
sure of waiting upon them." Great doubts are,
however, entertained whether the Burleigh family
will again contest the one seat. The last election
is reported to have cost Lord T. Cecil and Colonel
Chaplin 10,0001., and every exertion failed to sup-
port the latter. gentlema❑ against Mr. Tennyson.
The parish of St. Martin will not make any material
difference in the strength of the Marquess of Exeter,
the majority on the last election he'ng fifty-three.

POLAND.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)

if there are still persons to be found who are
credulous enough to believe that Prussia will act in
concert with England for the maintenance of the
treaty of Vienna with regard to Poland, we ask
them upon what grounds they have their belief ?
Do they rely upon the family relations of the King
of Prussia, which render him in some measure the
slave of the exterminator of Poland ? Or upon the
personal interest which Prussia has in retaining the
power of dealing as seems good to her with that
part of Poland which has fallen into her hands ?
Or upon the barbarous treatment which was ex-
perienced by 15,000 Poles who took refuge in
Prussia, and of whom there remain now not more
than 5,000, who have besought, in vain, for the
last. nine months, to be allowed the happiness of
quitting Prussia, and seeking a more hospitable
land ? Or, finally, upon the assassination at Fischau
and at Elbing of those Polish soldiers who preferred
being massacred in Prussia rather than to be am- '
nestied in Russia—that is to say, to be sent in
cnatns to Siberia ? No; neither has England any
need of the approbation of Prussia to exact from
Russia the observance of a treaty which she herself
has signed. The carelessness with which Prussia
humbly submits to the affront of seeing a treaty
trampled under foot, will not diminish the weight
of the accusation to which Great Britain will sub-
ject herself, if she suffer herself to be so far hum.-
listed as to allow the insults of Russia to be passed
over in silence.

The two following le ters of the last General-in-
Chief of the Polish army, Rybinski, which were ad-
dressed to the King of Prussia, but which the
Prussian Goveinment have taken good care not to
publish, prove, on the one hand, the arbitrary
measures which the Prussian Government has hail
recourse to in order to procure the greatest possible
number of victims for the insatiable tyrant of Po-
land, and, on the other hand, the falsehcld of the
report of the Prussian General respecting the in-
famous massacre at Fischau of unarmed Polish
soldiers, who, according to the Staats-Zeitung of
Berlin, revolted against the Prussian authorities,
and, armed with sticks, conspired against the safety
of the state.

" Sire—His Excellency the Minister of War
communicated to me, through General Krafft, the
order of the 20th of October, which requires that
the officers and soldiers of the Polish army shall
declare whether they desire to profit by the Impe-
rial amnesty, and return to their native hearths, or
whether they prefer repairing to a foreign land. A
great number of Polish officers and soldiers had
taken the latter resolution, and were awaiting the
moment in which they should be able to direct their
steps towards the places of destination they had
selected. In the meantime General Krafft has just
announced to me, that by virtue of the ulterior or-
ders of your Majesty, all the Polish officers and sol-
diers must be sent back to their own country—an
announcement which forms a singular contrast to
the first disposition that left to the Polish officers
and soldiers a free selection of the places in which
they should sojourn. Besides, as many among them
have participated in the revolution, not only in a
military capacity, but as citizens of Polish provinces
which are under the dominion of the Emperor of
Russia, an amnesty accorded to the officers and sol-
diers would not be sufficient to guarantee their per-
sonal safety, to say nothing of the great desire they
entertain to seek refuge among foreigners. Per-
ceiving that I am, by the position I occupy, bound
in duty to watch over the lot of my unfortunate
brothers in arms, at the bead of whom I have the
honour to find myself, I address myself to your Ma-
jesty's sentiments of humanity, and supplicate your
Majesty to leave to every Polish soldier who has
sought refuge in Prussia the flee choice of the place
to which he shall repair.
" The confidence we entertain of the sublime
virtues of your Majesty caused us to make choice
of your Majesty's territory as the place of our asy-
lum. It is this same confidence which tranquillises
me respecting the lot of my comrades in arms, and
which gives me the assurance that your Majesty
will not deny them the liberty of disposing of their
persons as they please.

" Elbing, Dec. 7, 1831.
" General-in-Chief of the Polish army,
" 'MATHIEU RYBINSKI."

After the massacre of the Polish soldiers at Fis-
chau, which was afterwards repeated at Eibing, the
General-in-Chief of the Polish army wrote the fol-
lowing letter to the King of Prussia, in order to
give him an exact report of the frightful event
" SIR,—Ic is with a heart lacerated with grief
that I address myself to your Majesty, in order to
lay before your Majesty the details of the bloody
event which has plunged my unfortunate fellow-
soldiers into mourning and despair,—an event which
I am afraid will be represented to your Majesty in
a false light, seeing that it could not have been au-
thorized, and that the Polish soldiers who had
sought refuge in Prussia did not forget, even at the
moment in which they fell the victims of the most
horrible treatment, either the respect which they
owed to the authorities of the country in which they
found themselves, or the gratitude which was due
from them to your Majesty for the hospitality which
your Majesty has been pleased to extend to them.
A simple and exact recital of the facts will prove
this to your Majesty.
" Major Szweykowski, of the Prussian army, re-
paired on the 27th of the present month to Fischau,
for the purpose of reviewing there a detachment oi
Polish cavalry, nhich was cantoned in the neigh-
bourhood of Marienbourg. After having separated
several soldiers from this detachment, who, he said,
were too much compromised to return to their own
country, he declared to the others, that they would
be compelled to return immediately to Poland. All
these soldiers, who had already on several occasions
manifested their firm determination not to return to
Poland, resolved to repair to Marienbourg, to Gen.
Schmidt, who had guaranteed to them the free choice
efa place of residence,and in whose promises they ha'}
the greatest confidence. But scarcely had they begot
their march, without being fortified with any kind
of arms, when a detachment of Prussian infantry
opposed their passage; the Polish soldiers in-
structed one of their officers to facilitate their ad-
vance;
.but, at this moment, a sharp fire front the
Prussian Aetathrnetitrkilled six Polish soldierson the
spot, and: woinided-selren very dangerously. Evei,
siPlussiart offitiet, mniitpTiembixki, being among

3Lto

dtllo3

-/
I

the Polish soldiers in order to harangue them, was
seriously wounded. The Polish soldiers bore
with heroic patience this horrible violation of
hospitality and of voluntary promises, and al-
though much superior in number, did not commit
any attack against the authority and troops of your
Majesty. They contented themselves with dis-
persing and arriving separately at Marienbourg,
where they were lodged by Major Z-laskowski in
the chateau of that town.

" Having thus made a ►"aithful recital to your
Majesty of this terrible event, so opposite to your
sentiments, I have only to claim your protection
against so great a violation of the hospitality which
your Majesty deigned tii grant us, and to supplicate
you to allow the Polish officers and soldiers who
have taken refuge in your territory, their personal
liberty; seeing that all the measures which have
been taken to induce them to return to their country
only serve to confirm them in their resolution to
suffer death rather than profit by a mere show of
amnesty.
_ _

" Before separating myself from the army which
I have had the honour to command, I have thought
it a most sacred duty to address myself to your Ma-
jesty, in the name of my unfortunate fellow-soldiers,
in the name of suffering humanity.
" The General-in-Chief of the Polish Army,
" Elbing, Jan. 28. " AIATHIEU RYBINSKI."

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Friday.)

Extract of a letter of the 22d ult. from Lisbon :
" A general discontent has been created by the
publication of a decree, signed by Don Miguel, at
Chachias, on the 16th inst., whereby, in considera-
tion, as it states, of the extraordinary expenses in-
curred by the Government in defending the dignity
of the Crown, the holy religion, and the institu-
tions of the Monarchy, against revolutionary ma-
chinations at home, and the invasion with which the
country is threatened from abroad, in order to pay
the army, every person in easy circumstances, with-
sut distinction, is to advance to the Sate one-tenth
of his revenue. By the same decree, other taxes
are imposed upon the people at large. All these
exactions are to be complied with in 24 hours, un-
der pain of sequestration."
The following are extracts from the Augsburg
Gazette of the Ist instant :—" According to letters
from Warsaw, of the 20th ult., Count Lubienski
and several other members of the deputation to St.
Petersburgh, returned to the former capital from
Russia. The Commission for affording relief to
persons in the Polish army has published a new list
of eighteen persons, to whom is granted jointly
the yearlysum of 15,625 florins. The Prussian Con-
sul-General in Poland, Privy Councillor of Legation
( Schmidt), who, previous to the revolution,had made
himself somewhat conspicuous as a favourite of the
Grand Duke Constantine, and on the restoration of
order returned to his post at Warsaw, has suddenly
disappeared. It seems, that pecuniary embarrass-
ment has induced him to abscond. He belongs to
a respectable family in Berlin, and was highly
esteemed as a man of great talent. Accounts from
Constantinople of the 9th ult. state that the Porte
had received the most satisfactory intelligence from
St. Jean d'Acre. Abdallah Pacha, during the ab-
sence of Ibrahim, made a sortie, which proved so
successful, that a great part of the Egyptian artil-
lery, ammunition, and stores, fell into his hands ;
their works raised for the siege were destroyed; and
the Egyptians forced to quit the environs of the
town. The news from Bosnia was likewise very
favourable. The rebels, after having been defeated
in several encounters, were forced to submit to the
Turkish arms. On the 4th, the Sultan removed to
his new palace, built in the European style, at Beg-
lerberg, on the coast of Asia.
• By intelligence of the 26th ult. we learn, that the
Archduchess Maria Louisa of Parma arrived there
on the 24th, and went to the palace of Schcsnbrunn.
Some uneasiness prevailed at Vienna lest the King
of Holland should not accede to the proposals of the
London Conference. Count Lalaing has been sent
on the part of the King of the Belgians with a letter
to the Emperor. The negotiations respecting the
extension of the Greek boundaries are said to be
concluded, and commissaries will probably he shortly
appointed to mark out these boundaries. The Porte
is to be indemnified for her compliance with this
measure. Count Augustine Capo u'lstrias had ar-
rived at Barletta from Corfu, and intended to pro-
ceed to St. Petersburgh. According to the last ac-
counts from Argos, it appears that most of the De-
puties to the National Convention had arrived there.
It was generally thought that the first act of this
Assembly would be a deputation of three members,
for the purpose of proceeding to Munich, to offer to
Prince Otho, as the future sovereign of Greece, the
homage of the Greek nation, and invite him to take
possession of the throne as soon as possible.
The Hamburgh Correspondent of the 29th ult.
contains the following, dated Hanover, June 26th :
—" The Duke of Cambridge will set out on Wed-
nesday for Brunswick, and proceed from thence to
Magdeburg, to be present at the evolutions of the
Prussian troops concentrated near that province.
It is asserted that the King of Prussia will proceed
to Magdeburg at the same time. Our Sovereign
has appointed Captain Count Kielmansegge to be
Hanoverian Envoy to the French Court, and Cap-
tain Hanbury Consul-General at Hamburgh. Ac-
cording to letters from Dantzic, the following Rus-
sian vessels were at anchor in the roadstead of that
town on the 18th :—The Cubit and Berezina men
of war of 84 guns; the Corera and Catherina fri-
gates, 44 ; the Navarino sloop of war, 36; the
Diamond brig, 24; the Grand schooner, 18; and
the tender-brig Lebit, of 12 guns. The crew of
the whole force amounted to 3,107 men."
The Garde National of Marseilles gives the fol-
lowing extract of a letter from La Ciotat, dated
June 28 :—" The Souffieur steamer has left us to-
day. This vessel had come hither with a view to
discover the boxes thrown into the sea from the
Carlo Alberto, according to the declaration of the
crew, when the Sphinx steamer fell in with her, and
which contained arms, and papers in bottles. It
appears, however, that in spite of the efforts of the
divers, no trace of these objects has been found."
(From Galignani's Messenger of Saturday.)
The .Moniteur contains a royal ordinance, char-
ging Admiral de Rigny, Minister of the Marine,
with the signatures of the War Department during
the temporary absence of Marshal Soult.
A courier extraordinary arrived yesterday from
St. Petersburgh with despatches from the Govern-
ment. Letters from the Russian capital, dated the
24th ult., state that Marshal Mortier has become
so indifferent to passing events from the extreme
coolness with which he is treated by the Court,
that his embassy is reduced to a mere nullity.
The Augsburg Gazette of the 3d instant contains
the following :—" Letters of the 25th ult. from An-
cona state, that the excommunication bull, which
arrived there on the 23d, did not produce the effect
that was expected from it at Rome. As the disor-
ders alluded to in the bull do not exist here, the
Liberals only laugh at it, to the great mortification
of the Papalists. The indignation of the inhabitants
of Bologna at this measure, unheard of in the pre-
sent age, was very great ; nevertheless, the excom-
munication is considered a powerful weapon in the
southern provinces, where the people will think
themselves authorized to commit pillage and murder
in order to evenge religion. Such is the situation
of the Papal States. According to communica-
tions of the 20th ult. from Sr. Petersburg!), the
late events at Paris had produced a powerful sensa-
tiort-in that capital. Instructions are said to have
,been forwarded in consequence to all the Russian
Embassies abroad, as well as to all the commanders
of corps. The former have been directed to point
'out the dangers with which Europe has again been
hreatened on the part of France, and advise them
to take the necessary precautionary measures. The
Russian army is to be so stationed and organized, as
to be able to move rapidly where their presence may
be necessary. By intelligence from Vienna of the
.28th ult., it appears that the meeting between Maria
Louisa and her sick son was a most affecting scene.
Even the meanest servants were seen standing at a

distance with tears in their eyes, and wringing their
hands. By an Imperial Ordinance, the sanatory
cordon along the frontiers of France, the Lombardo-
Venetian kingdom, and the Austrian countries bor-
dering off the Adriatic Sea, has been withdrawn,
and the former intercourse restored.."

The S►uabian Mercury gives the following, dated
Banks of the Lake of Constance, Switzerland, June
29 :—" Travellers who arrive from the Voralberg
and the Tyrol assert that the Austrian troops as-
sembled in those countries are much more numerous
than the journals have stated. In the Voralberg the
soldiers are quartered upon the inhabitants, who re-
ceive but a very trifling compensation for the incon-
venience. In other parts the troops are maintained
it the expense of the Government, with provisions
Which are brought from Austria through Bavaria,
Upper Swabia being entirely exhausted. A large
park of artillery is stationed near Bregentz. In the
Voralberg the cantonments of the infantry and artil-
lery are very close to each other, but the call
are distributed more widely in the Tyrol. All these
troops are ready to march at the first signal. Tney
believe that they are destined for the banks of the
Rhine. Reserves are ready to replace them, as they
move from their positions in the Tyrol."
The Quotidienne has the following :—'‘ Consi-
derable attention is at this moment excited in Swit-
zerland, by an excursion made to Fribourg by M. de
Rumigny, French Minister to the Helvetian Diet.
Some persons attribute it to the project of the
French Government to prevent the dissolution of
the Federal Act of 1815, in order to deprive Aus-
tria of all pretext for intervention. Others suppose
that the Minister wished to ascertain the disposition
of the cantons in case of a collision between France
and the foreign Powers. Others assert that the
journey of M. de Relmigny only related to measures
of police with regard to the French who have re-
tired to Fribourg."
A letter from Rome, dated the 25th ult., says—
The Pope has just created nine new Cardinals—
namely, the Treasurer of the States of the Church,
the Governor of Rome, the Major Domo, the Master
of the Chamber, the Nuncios of Vienna, Madrid,
arid Lisbon, Father Velsi, Master of the Palace,
arid Monsignor Gazzoli. Each of these new Car-
dinals is to receive a salary of 3,000 crowns or about
6401. sterling."
The Sentinelle of Bayone gives letters of the 28th
ult. from Madrid, which announce that the re-esta-
blishment of the Inquisition has been positively re-
solved on. The ordinance by.which it is to be re-
stored has been discussed in Council, and is to be
submitted to the King for his signature without
delay.
The Messager des Chantbres states, that it is in
contemplation very shortly to organize some battali-
ons of Parisian volunteers, a part to be sent to the
army of the north, and a part to the west and the'
south.

The Nouvellisle has the following :—" It results
from different private letters, relative to the politi-
cal situation of Spanish Cerdagne, that a corps of
French emigrants, computed at several hundred
men, exists in Catalonia. This corps, which is de-
nominated Legion of Henry V.,' is disseminated
along the whole line. At Seu, there are 80 or 90
men. The principal focus is Barcelona. General
,Crossart left Alp on the Ist of June, for Seu, from
whence he was to go to Rens and Taint'. The ob-
ject of his journey was to induce the French emi-
grants, who were in those towns, to pass immedi-
ately into France, and assemble in La Vendee. He
had, he said, received a letter from the Count de
Bourmont, which informed him of the insurrection
of seven departments, and of the presence of
100,000 Vendeans under arms, who wanted nothing
but chiefs to lead them. The mission of General
Crossart will have no result, but to expose himself,
and those to whom he was sent, to ridicule. By
this time the Carlists of Cerdagne know what to
think of the 100,000 Vendeans in arms, invented
by Messrs. de Bourmont and Crossart."

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, JULY 7.-Five per Cents. 971. 20c. 10c.
15c. 20c. 15c. 10c. 25c. 20c. 25c. 97f. 20c. 30c. 40c.; Three per
Cents. 67f. 10f. 67f. 67f. sc. 67f. 67f. 15c. 20c. 15c. 67E 20c. 25c. 20c. ;
National Loan, 97f. 50c. ; Bank Stock, 1,660 f. 1,655 f. ; Rente de
Naples, 79f. 20c. 25c. 30c.; Roman 5 per Cent. 78; Rente
d'Eipagne, 10$4 ; Royal Spanish Loan, 7717‘ 77 77% ; Rente
Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 55 54% 55; Belgian Loan, 75% ; Haytian
Loan, 200 E-Exchange on London, one month, paper, 25f. 75c. ;
money, 25E 70c. ; three months, paper, 25E 60c. ; money, 25f.
60c.-Coors Authentique.

HOLLAND AND BELGIUM.

(From the Idessager des Chambres.)

EXTRACT OF A LETTER DATED THE HAGUE, JUNE 22.
I cannot account for the wish of the French, as
described in your letter, to make war on us, except
by the ignorance in which their Government allows
them to remain respecting our situation and theirs
reciprocally. The details which I transmit will serve
to cast some light on this matter, if you think fit to
publish them.
On the commencement of the Belgian revolution
two distinct interests arose in Brussels, independent
of the local interest. The French party desired the
union of Belgium with France, and was strongly
supported by one of the most influential men in the
Provisional Government. England, on the con',
irary, made every effort to prevent that union, and
immense sums were distributed by her agents
among the Brussels populace to circumvent or deter
the Congress. Brussels was for the separation, be-
cause the shopkeepers and others believed that the
establishment of a Court and the seat of a Govern-
ment would be favourable to trade. _ _

But these petty and selfish motives were far from
influencing the Deputies of the Flemish provinces,
who are well aware that Belgium cannot exist as an
independant State, and that the possession of the
country will always afford a subject of quarrel be-
tween its neighbours and claimants. These senti-
ments were shared by Hainault, and had it not been
for the French and English Governments, Belgium
would never have been declared a separate State.
On the contrary, it would have been divided ac-
cording to its interest ; one part, and that the more
considerable, would have become French; the other
would have remained attached to Holland. The
intrigues of the English Cabinet decided otherwise,
and the choice of that Sovereign proves that the
influence of England was all-powerful in this decision.
Our Kiug William has still to learn how France
allowed herself to be imposed upon that occasion.
The Belgic revolution was provoked by her ; and
that surely was not done for the benefit of others.
France expected to derive some advantage front the
support and encouragement she gave to the revolu-
tionists; and it was under the persuasion that the
idea of aggrandisement must sway your nation, that
our Sovereign made at first the propositions which
he afterwards renewed on the appointment of Leo-
pold, and which were transmitted to M. Sebastiani
by our envoys a few days before the commence-
ment of the campaign of last year.
These propositions seemed to us to be in all re-
spects well calculated to conciliate the interests of
each party, and also to maintain the peace of Europe,
for which your Cabinet is so anxious ; and I am
confident that, if these propositions had been sub-
mitted to the Chamber of Deputies, the majority
would have voted for their acceptance.

King William proposed to conclude a secret treaty
with France, by which your Government should en-
gage to leave the Belgians and the Dutch to termi-
nate their differences by themselves, a business
which would not have occupied much time. Leopold
and his English followers would har•e returned rat her
hastily to London, and the kingdom of Belgium
would have departed with them. To indemnify
France for her...neutrality, " all Belgium was to be
immediately abandoned, except Antwerp and the lef►
of the canal from the Meuse to the Scheldt, and
Ghent with the left of the river. An offensive and
defensive alliance was to be established between
France and Holland. Finally, a treaty of commerce
was to be so arranged, that French merchandise
might have a ready admission into all the Dutch ter-
ritories whether European or trans-maritime."
To me it appears incontestable that France woul,i
have gained more by this treaty than she will by the
independence of Belgium, even with Leopold for
Louis-Philippe's son-in-law. MI the Belgic for-
tresses built to oppose France would have fallen
into her possession. France would have obtained

a considerable augmentation of tei i tory, without an,
ilden or other charge. The navigation of tl c
Scheldt, under the Dutch flag, would present an ex-
tensive means of commercial outlet, and French pro-
duce and manufactures would soon have tilled all the
markets of Holland and the Dutch colonies-

I know what secret and powerful interests induced
your Government to reject these propositions, which
were made with all possible good faith. Much has
been said about time disposition of other Powers, but
the only real opposition could be on the part of
England, for William appeared certain of the sup-
port of his nsrthern Allies in this transaction. Be-
sides, what the British Government chiefly dreads
would have been avoided, for Antwerp would have re-
mained with Holland, and France would not have
shown her flag there, except as a nation in friendship
with Holland. I believe, however, that the considera-
tion of this alliance, being one with which England
could not be well pleased, was one of its principle
causes of its rejection. Others have been mentioned
which have reference to the interest of commerce
and of the property of certain influential persons
connected with your Government; but I cannot
think it possible that a statesman would sacrifice
the interests of his country for his personal advan-
tage. I cannot, until I find it proved, believe that
the Belgic coal mines were an obstacle to the exten-
sion of the French territory.
However, the decisions of the Conference cannot
be executed by us in the teams in which they pre-
sent themselves. The Dutch nation cannot, under
the penalty of ceasing to exist, leave to the Belgians
the right of navigation in the interior waters of
Holland on the same footing as the Dutch. To do
so, would be to annihilate our trade and our exist-
ence as a commercial nation; since the English, by
assuming the Belgian flag, might compete with us
in the carrying trade within our own territory; we
might as well cut our dykes, and let the sea efface
Holland from the rank of nations. We shall,
therefore, oppose to the last extremity this'point in
the' diplumative decision.

There is another article which our Government
cannot execute without some modification. It is
that which relates to the debt. The King of
Holland never can consent to remain responsible to
the holders of the different kinds of paper issued by
the United provinces and the kingdom of the Nether-
lands, from the time of the Stadholderate to the pre-
sent day, for payment of those funds under a mere re-
course against Belgium, which might at any moment
and on the slightest pretext become either by war or
some other cause, quite illusory for him. The capi-
talization of the debt, and the investment of the
capital in the hands of the Dutch Government, to
operate conversions as it might please, is the only
acceptable proposition, and I doubt not that the
Cabinet of the Tuileries would be the first to sup-
port our claim on this point.
In the mean time King William has sent fresh
instructions to his agents at Paris, and Prussia
interferes to obtain a new delay before the com-
mencement of hostilities. I hope that our demands
w►ll be recognized as just and well founded, and
that we shall not be forced to make a last
forlorn defence; for I repeat to you that the ques-
tion is for Holland one of life or death.

After an interval of forty years from its com-
mencement, the north and west sides of Fitzroy-square are
at length completed, not, however, quite in unison with
the east and south sides, which are stone-fronted, while
the other two are composition.

NEW NOVELS BY DISTINGUISHED WRI-
TERS, just published by HENRY COLBURN and RICHARD
BENTLEY, New Burlington-street :

1. The CONTRAST, by the Earl of MULGRAVE.
2. ARLINGTON, by the Author of " Granby."

3. The FAIR of MAY FAIR.

4. TALES of the EARLY AGES, by HORACE
SMITH, E.g.

5. ADVENTURES of a YOUNGER SON.

6. SIR RALPH ESHER, by LEIGH HUNT.

7. EUGENE ARAM, by the Author of "Pelham."

A FOWL MURDER.—A very singular cir-
cumstince occurred in a farm-yard at Fordwich, a few
days since. Some of the labourers observed a violent
quarrel to take place between a gander and his fair and
feathoed spouse. The divute gradually grew fiercer,
till the gander, " gathering himself up for mischief," with
a vigour and determination worthy of a Grand Turk,
seized his unsuspecting wife by the throttle, and, plunging
into the pond with her, deliberately held her under water
until she was drowned. The shameless murderer and liber-
tine was actually seen the next day gallanting with a gay
young grey goose.—Plymouth Journal.

A marked change may be already discovered
in the general spirit and tone of the addresses from Scot-
tish members to their constituents. Candidates now
speak in precise terms upon topics of general interest, in-
stead of dealing out empty professions of respect, and
blarney about " venerable institutions." As a specimen
of this improved style in politics, we call attention to
Mr. OLIPHANT'S address to the electors of Perth. It is a
business-like, clear, and sensible document, and such as
was perhaps,never seen in this country under the old re-
gime. We recommend to notice also the resolutions of
a public meeting held at Crieff. It is pleasing to see
such a manly spirit, in remote and small towns, placed at
the outer margin, or what was regarded half a century
ago as the boundary of civilization.—Scotsman.

NEW TALE, BY MR. COOPER.—The locale
of the forthcoming work of fiction, by the great America
Novelist, is laid, we understand, in Germ my, in wbic
part of the world the celebrated author has lately beer,
travelling. As the name of the work " The Heiden
rnauer," strikes the reader as a singular title, we think i
not superfluous to state that the word means " Wall of th
Heathen," and that the chief events of the story take plac
respectively in a Baronial castle and in a Benedictine con
vent, both in the neighbourhood of this " Heathen'
Wall," which is supposed to be haunted. What may no
be expected from such romantic materials in the hands o
COOPER ?

Sir RICHARD STEELE, the celebrated author
of the Tatler, who represented Buroughbridge in 1714,
carried his election against a powerful opposition by the
laughable expedient of sticking two apples full of guineas ;
and declaring to the electors, before whom he held them
up, that the largest should be the prize of that man whose
wife should be the first to bring forth a boy after that
day nine months, and that the other should belong to him
who should become the father of a girl within the same
period. This finesse procured him the interest of the
women, who are said to commemorate Sir RICHARD'S
bounty to this day. They once made a strenuous effort
to procure a resolution, that no man should ever be re-
ceived as a candidate, who did not offer himself to their
consideration upon the same terms.

A FINE SUNDAY.—To say nothing of th e
health which it imparts, what can be more cxhilirating
and delightful than to witness the world of happiness
which accompanies a fine Sunday ? and no where is this
so conspicuous as in the outskirts of this vast metropolis,
which, on such a day as last Sunday, pours forth its myriads
to enjoy the sunshine and the braze. Passing over the
sneer at our Cockneyism, we should say that no sight can
be more enchanting, and that no other place can present
such a sight as London does on such an occasion. Barring
a little intemperance, which bears scarcely any proportion
to the absence of it, the scene closes as it begins. Every
eye beams with pleasure, and the innocent enjJyrnents of
such a day only prepare the sons of toil to enter with re-
newed spirits upon the labours of the following week. Of
its religious observances we say nothing : they speak for
themselves in the crowded state of all our places of wor-
ship. In short, to gratify the heart and eye, commend us
to a fine Sunda!).

By the death of the Hon. WILLIAM HENRY
JOHN SCOTT, the following legal appointments (sinecures)
m the gift of the LORD CHANCELLOR, fall vacant :—Re-
ceiver of Fines, Registrar of Affidavit., Clerk of the Pa-
tents, and a Cursitor in Chancery. It is probable th;t
these offices, which in salaries and fees produced an income
of upwards of 3,000/. per annum to the late holder of
them, will be revised or abolished by the Neble Lord at
the head of the Court of Chancery. Mr. SCOTT was in.
bted to his father, the Earl of anorr, for his appoint-
ment to the lucrative offices which have become vacant by
his demise; and it will be recollected that they formed the
subject of a debate in the House of Lords three or four
months ago, when the ex-Chancellor entered into a
lengthened statement relative to the provision he had made
for his son. Mr. SCOTT was in his 37th year; he formerly
represented Hastings in Parliament, but retired from
public life at the dissolution in 1826. Lord ELDON has
survived his lady and two sons, so that Lord ENCOMBE,
son of the late Hon. JOHN SCOTT, is the only living male
descendant of the venerable Earl, who has just completed
his 81st year.
