THE SUN, LONDON, TITESDAY,-EVENING EDITION,-FEBRITARY 19, 183 f

this as a vital question, and they will be
traitors to themselves if they do not refuse their
support to every Member of Parliament, and every
Minister who will not cordially aid them in procur-
ing the repeal of the starvation laws.
The Duke of WELLINGTON took the same side
as the Duke of RICHMOND, and, like all Legis-
lators who never look beyond their own
slovenly legislation, aye, and unjust legislation
too, he grounded his principal objection to
altering the Corn-laws on the fact that protection
had been granted to the agriculturists for 35 years.
Bear this in mind, men of England. To allow in-
justice once to be perpetrated by the Legislature, is to
secure it immunity for ever. The agriculturists
have plundered us for thirty-five years, and the
honest Duke assigns that as a reason why
they should continue to plunder the other classes.
He would appear to think that the Corn-
laws, because they were co-existent with his great
victories, had inspired him with skill and his
army with bravery. All that he said last
night about the severe trials the country had
gone through under the Corn-laws, he might
have stated with equal justice of the penal laws
against the Catholics, which he nevertheless re-
pealed in 1829, as we hope the people will repeal,
if the Peers will not, the starvation laws in 1840.
Lord BROUGHAM'S motion was rejected with-
out a division.

By the abuse which the limes poured on Lord
DURHAM'S report yesterday, describing it as
" 'cuing loose a flood of radicalism at the adminis-
tration of Sir FRANCIS (HEAD) little better than
what one might have expected from a pupil of Mr.
JOSEPH HUME, or an untaught sympathiser with
his virtuous friend MACKENZIE," as furnishing
" evidence of the blindest and most incorrigible pre-
judice respecting principles and questions of the high.
est moment," &c., it is evident that our contemporary
has found out that the interest of his own party
especially required the suppression of that able
• document. In fact, the cunning Editor has been
seduced, by his love of priority, and the arts of
some person more accomplished in cunning even than
himself, to render the public a great service, which
he never intended. To .find the Times making it-
self an instrument for exposing the follies and crimes
of Toryism, is a high gratification for all right-
minded politicians.

Mr. DUNCOMBE is entitled to the gratitude of the
public for bringing before the House of Commons
the Order of the LORD CHAMBERLAIN for sus.
pending theatrical amusements on Wednesdays and
Fridays during Lent. The LORD CHAMBER-
LAIN, though the responsible party to this case, is
not the only personage whom the people have to
thank for this arbitrary encroachment on their
innocent and rational recreations. Left to him-
self, the Duke of ARGYLL would never have
thought of interfering with the public amuse-
ments under the pretext of religious motives ; hut
there is a busy, meddling Priest at Fulham, who,
unhappy himself in every relation of life, cannot
look without pain on the happiness of others ; at
his instigation the objectionable injunction has
been issued. Thus it is that we are met at every
turn by the ill-timed impertinence of the clergy.
These " round,: fat, oily men of GOD" are con-
stantly preaching up self-denial and mortification of
the flesh to others; but how 'much of these virtues
do they practise themselves ? They show us the
horny way to heaven, but they take good care to
choose the primrose path for themselves.
As to the observance of Lent, it has become
among Protestants a ridiculous, if not a profanefarce.
It has no earthly connection with the religion of
the New Testament, but is one of the multitudi-
nous superstitions engrafted upon it by the crafty
policy of a dominant priesthood.' We would ask
the sticklers for this rag of the garment of the
Scarlet Abomination, how many Protestants have
in their hearts the least veneration for it ? Whether
the only real difference between Lent and other
seasons be not the piles of salt fish which custom
accumulates on the fishmongers' stalls ? Among
Catholics it is a season of fasting and penitence.
Though we disapprove of the practice of the
Church of Rome in overlaying the simplicity of the
Christian system with superstitious rites and observ-
ances, yet we honour the sincerity with which that
which is conceived tobe a religious duty is performed
—for sincerity, like charity, covers a multitude of
faults. But if the keeping of Lent be really obli-
gatory on the conscience of Protestants, they must
of all men be the greatest sinners. As far as we
have observed, we think, if there be any difference
in their deportment, they are more given to harmless
enjoyment, and look sleeker and more plump in Lent
than during any other period of the year.
We hope, from what Lord JOHN RUSSELL
statedlast night, that although the House of Com-
mons declined to interfere with the functions of the
Lord Chamberlain, the restriction will be withdrawn,
and the great hardship that would otherwise be
inflicted upon the multitude of persons who
depend upon the daily performances of the
Theatres—to say nothing of other grounds—
be prevented. It is utterly absurd to at-
tempt to make people religious by such means.
Proceedings like these bring religion into discredit,
and tempt many 'to fling it altogether away. It will
be seen by an article in another part of The Sun,
headed " Lent Eccentricities," that a Reverend
fool or knave_has been attempting to play off some
of his clerical.,tricka _upon the people of Dover—
with what success 'our readers will judge.

In quoting the subjoined indignation-stirring
article from the Falmouth Express of Saturday, it
is of importance that we should state, in justifica-
tion of our abstinence from all comment, that no
more information has reached us respecting the out-
rage narrated, than what is embodied in the article
itself. The statement may, or may not be
correct ; it may be highly exaggerated ; or it
may fall far short of the truth, for anything
we at present know about the matter. But
this we do know, that if the insult here narrated
was actually offered to the Flag of England, the
writer will find that her MAJESTY'S Ministers—
Whig though they be—will exact from France a
terrible retribution. Our Navy may not be all
that patriotic Englishmen could desire ; but it is
not in so dilapidated a condition as to leave us
without the power of chastising the insolence of the
most potent of our maritime rivals. In the mean
time the necessary inquiries will be instituted.
INSULT UPON THE BRITISH FLAG BY THE
FRENCH.

she bad previously brooked for three centuries ! With
such governors it would be wiser at once to land our ship's'
guns, disarm our officers, and 110 longer offer even the pre-
tence of an armament to the bullying insult et the foreigner.
—Falmouth Express.

•
The Paris Journals of Sunday have all been re-
ceived. Their contents are of no political interest.
The appearance of a pamphlet by M. CORMENIN,
entitled
no room for extracts in our columns of this
daay, is
the only event which excites attention in the
i
iv
e
French capital.
The accounts from Madrid are of the 10th.
They do not confirm the report which reached
Paris on Saturday, of the dissolution of the fortes.
though it appears that such a measure was re-
commended to the QUEEN. The Carlists are in
high glee. According to them, the affairs of the
Pretender arc as flourishing as those of the QUEEN
are hopeless. The discovery of a conspiracy at
Ceuta, is expected to lead to much bloodshed in
that city. Truly the state of Spain is deplorable.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.-1/16uNA, Fes. 7
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
101
Three per Cents.
Balk Shares

all .•. ..................................
—AllgemeineZeitung, Feb.l3.
eANIBURG, EOILSEN FIALLE, FEB. !2.

Bins. 'Money
Austrian Metal'. lues, 5 per cent. lO6 106
MP,' ditto S per cent.
Ditto ditto 2j per cent ......
Ditto Bank Shares ..................... ... .......... 1455 1,52
Anglo-Russian Loan .............................. ..
titissran 3 per cents. Meal ......................
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent...
Russian inscription, Hope and Co., 34 and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent — -
Ditto, :3 per cent.
Dutch 14,2 per Cents.
3
Ditto 3 per Cents
ID
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets lt,s
Anglo- Danish I.oan, a per cents 71% 7l ii
Norwegian !Ran of 1034, 4 per cents
Spanish; in piastres, :3 per Cents —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cen-
orcek 4 per cents. 15".3:3, guaranteed 1.4 h ranee -
EXCI-IANGES ON LONDON.
HaNtrwito, }Ea. 12.-13 634 ; two month., 13 5.
sTocsnot.st, FEB. 5 —Two months, 12 3
ST. PETEESBUIItiB, FEB. I.—Three months, 11 5-:6.
VE33.1:1, FEB 9.--;l'tlice M.lllllf, 6. 2elA.
Hamburg rapers, Feb. 12.

US%
I:=,:'y

Letters from Constantinople of the 28th of Ja-
nuary state that Lord PoNsoNßy is engaged in
negociating a treaty of Commerce between Portugal
and Turkey. During the late fire at the Porte
the jewels of the Prime Minister were stolen.
They are said to be of immense value.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, MONDAY.—TiIe Cotton
Market continues very dull, and in an inactive state, with a
little decline in prices. The sales to-day, 2,0.00 bags,
chiefly American, all to the trade. Arrivals this morning,
French and Malta mails, the latter by the Londonderry,
sailed from Malta on the 241 h of January, Gibraltar 7th of
February, Cadiz Bth of Feb., Lisbon 11th of Febru.i.ry,
Vigo 13th of February. We have received the 'Oibral'ar
Chronicles to the 10th of February.

" Gibraltar, Feb 6, Secretary's Office.
" His Excellency the Governor has received a commu-
nication from her Majesty's Consul at Malaga, dated the
ath inst., notifying that her Catholic Majesty has declared
the Fortress of Metilla, on the Africa coast, in a state of
rigorous blockade, which is hereby made known fur the
information of the public.
" By bis Excellency's command,
" G. A DDERLEY, Colonial Secretary."
The above papers:do not contain any later news from the
theatre of war in Spain, than previously received by the
French papers. 4
We have received Malta papers to the 31st of January.
We are happy to learn that her Majesty the Queen-Dow-
ager continues to enjoy good health, and takes her walks
daily.

HOUSE OF LORDS -(THIS DAY.)

The House sat to-day for the purpose of hearing writs of
error. The Judges were also in attendance. The Peers pre-
sent were, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Brougham, the Earl of
Devon, the Earl of Selkirk, Lord Wynford, and the Bishop of
Ely. The Judges in attendance were the Lord Chief Justice
of the Court of Common Pleas, Mr. Justice Vaughan, Mr.
Justice Littledale, Mr. riaron Gurney, Mr. Justice Coleridge,
Mr. Justice Coltman, Mr. Baron Parke, Mr. Justice Pattison,
and Mr. Justice Williams.
THE QUEEN V. JOHNSON.

This case came before their Lordships upon a writ of error
brought by the relator Samuel Dalton. upon a judgment of the
Court of Exchequer Chamber at Westminster, affirming a
judgment of the Court of Quo"en's Bench on a quo warranto
information tried in that Court at the relation of Samuel Dal-
ton, against the defendant in error, who has since 1833 exer-
cised the office of Alderman for the Ward of Portsoken. The
case arises out of proceedings which have been agitated for se-
veral years past in the Ward of Portsoken, and which have
been frequently brought before the Court of Queen's Beach in
order to determine who is legally the Alderman of that
Ward—whether the defendant in error, or Mr. Michael
Scales. The facts of the case may be thus shortly
stated. In February, 1831, a vacancy having occurred in the
office of Alderman of the Ward of Portsoken by the resigna-
tion of Sir James Shaw, a Court of Wardmote was held for the
purpose of electing another Alderman, at which Mr. Daniel
Whittle Harvey and Mr. Michael Scales were candidates. Mr.
Scales was elected upon that occasion by a majority, and a re-
turn to the precept for such election was made in the usual
manner to the Court of Alderman. A petition against Mr.
Scales' return having been presented to the Court of Aldermen,
that Court,lon May 10, 1831, rejected Mr. Scales for insufficiency.
Mr. Scales then obtained a mandamus against the Court of
Mayor and Aldermea, calling upon them to admit and swear
him into the office of Alderman. To this mandamus•the
Court of Aldermen made a return, stating in substance that
they lad acted upon an ancient custom of 'the city in the re-
jection of Mr. Scales, and that they had acted legally in so
doing. A motion was made in the Court of Queen's Bench by
Mr. Scales in Michaelmas Term, 1831, to quash that return
fur insufficiency, but the Court held that the return was good
in point of law, and showed a sufficient reason why the Court
of Mayor and Aldermen should not be compelled to admit
Mr. Scales into the office of Alderman. The vacancy in the
Ward not having been filled up, another election took place in
the month of December, 1831, and upon that coo •asion Mr. W.
Hughes and Mr. Scales were candidates. Mr. Scales was
elected at the Wardmote a second time, and a return thereof
was made in the usual manner to the Court of Aldermen. C n
the 3d of January, 1832, Mr. Scales demanded 'o be admitted,
bet the Court of Aldermen again rejected him for insufficiency,
and Mr. Hughes' was admitted and sworn ii4to the office. Af-
terwards a quo warranto information was granted against Mr.
Hughes, calling upon him to show by what authority he exer-
cised that office. Mr. Hughes not pleading to that in-
formation, judgment. of ouster was pronounced against
him. Upon this, Mr. Scales again applied to the Court
of Queens Bench, for, and obtained a mandamus against the
Court of Mayor and Aldermen, commanding them to admit
him into the office of Alderman. The Court made a return
to the second mandamus, relying on their right to reject
Mr. Scales, and the Court of Queen's Bench affirmed that
return : a third election took place, Mr. Scales and Mr
Johnson were the Candidates, and the former was again elected.
and again refused to be admitted, and the Court of Alderinen.
on the 29th of October, 1833, admitted the present deft ndant on
error." A quo wurranto information was then filed against him ct,
the relation of an inhabitant of the %card named Dalton, complain-
ing that the defendant in error exercised the office of one of
the aldermen of the city, without any legal right : plea and
replication were put in to that information, and upon its coming
on for trial in the Court of Queen's Bench, a bill of except.ons
was tendered to the summing up of the Learned Judge. Judg-
ment was given for the, defendant in error in the Court of
Queen's Bench in Michaelmas Term :1835, and upon that. judg-
ment ,oming for review in the Court of Exchequer Chamber,
it was affirmed ; and from that judgment the present writ of
error was brought.

The intelligence received this morning by the Lisbon
mail, chiefly relates to the debates on the Address to the
Queen, which took place on the 4th inst. Alexander de
Campos attacked the Ministers, in a long speech, for not
having performed their duty on various occasions. To
these charges the President of the Council, Senor Ban-
deira, replied seriatim, and said that the reports from the
several Secretaries of State would soon be laid before the
Chamber. On the following day was discussed a para-
graph in the Address relating to the slave trade,
expressive of the readiness of the Chamber to
sanction such measures for its abolition as may ba con-
sistent with the liberty of commerce, the national dignity,
and the interest of the Portuguese Colonies. It was latc
in the day when this question was proposed, and it was
adjourned until Wednesday.

Exchange at Lisbon in London, 30 days sight, 54d. per
Milrei, discount on ex-paper money, 46 per cent.
This is the day that the fate of the Belgian que;tion will
be decided in the Chamber of Representatives ; for several
days past it has been anticipated that the King of
Belgium will sign the last protocol, and it is •also known
that he has a majority in the Chamber for so doing.
For several days past precautions have been taken by
the Ministers to prevent any disturbances on the decision
being announced. We should not be surprised to hear of
some serious commotions on the part of the people, bu
they must give way and submit to•superior power, as fif,y
thousand French troops are near at hand to enforce obe-
dience to King Leopold. • Perhaps ere long a similar con-
ference may take place on the unhappy state of Spin and that
an end may be put to that destructire civil war is the general
wish of the British people.
Consols, which; closed yesterday at 92:i 8 for the Ac-
count opened this morning at the above price. Money,
921 4, little business doing as yet ; Exchequer Bills, 58 61;
India Bonds, nothing doing ; Bank Stock, 205 206 ;
India Stock, 256 257.

Mr. ERLE appeared for Mr. Scales.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL was Counsel for the Crown ; and
The RECORDER attended on behalf of the City of London.
After Mr. ERLE had concluded for Mr. Scales,
Lord BTtotioxam moved that the judgment of the Court
below should be affirmed, with costs.
The Loan CHANCELLOR and Lord WTNFORD concurred
with that motion. —Judgment affirmed with costs.

In the Foreign Market no speculations have taken place
as yet, and prices much be the same as they closed ;
Spanish Active, 191 a; Portuguese, 351 364; Three per
Cents., 223 • Belgian, 991 ; Brazilian, 80i ; Colombian,
291 ; Mexican, 243 ; Dutch Two-and-a- Half per
Cents., 541 55 ; Five per Cents. 102 103.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 205% 6 India Stock
3 per Cent. Red. ... ..... 93%%%% Ditto Bonds 64 62 pm
3 per Cent Cons. 92% % % ! South Sea Stock —
3 I.? per Cent lol' Old Annuities —
Ditto Red. lOl 1001-i New Ditto
New 3% per Cent 100!4 %'A 3 per Cent. Annuities, 17 it
New 5 per Cent. - Exch. Bills, £l,OOO ... 00 58 pm.
Bank Long Annuities toexpire Ditto 500 ... 58 60 pm.
Jan. 5, 1861) 15 1-16 15! Ditto Small
61 58 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859 11% 15-16, Ditto Commercial - - pm
Jon. 5, 18615 ' — Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, 1880 -- Bank Stock for Account ...
April 5, 1880 - India Stock for Account ...
Jan. 5, 1870 -- Consols for Account 9z%
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Austrian Bonds - ! Peruvian Bonds -
Belgian Bonds
. -
Ditto Account - ' Portuguese Bonds .
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account - Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds - , Prussian Bonds -
D tto Account -
Columbian Bonds Ditto Account -
Ditto Account - i Ditto Metallic -
Columbian Bonds, 1824 -
Ditto Account ~ ........ ... .. 30 j 1 )itto Account -
Danish Bonds - f Ditto Bonds, 1834
Ditto Account -! Ditto Account.
Greek Bonds - J French, 5 per cent. ......110f. 75c,
Ditto Bonds, 1825 -; ----- 4 per cent.
Ditto Account - I ---- 3 per cent ...... -f. - e
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cen, lB ; --. Exchange.
Ditto Account - ! Dutch, 2% per cent. 543;4
Ditto, 6 per Cent -
Ditto Account
Neapolitan Ditto Account -
PRICE; OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per t,hate
,• • ....... ..
ailway •20 '2 k,I %
13 I
•
12% 17%

British Iron Company
Cheltenham and Great Western R
EaAtern Counties Railway
Brighton Railway
Union Bank of Australia ......

DESTRUCTIVE FIRE ON BOARD
OF THE SOHO STEAM SHIP, LYING IN
THE RIVER THAMES, OFF ST. KATHE
RINE'S DOCKS.

HALF-PAST ONE:
We have received the Ronal Gazette of British Guiana,
of January 3, which contains as address from his Excel-
lency the Governor, to the free labourers of British Guiana,
on the occasion of.the New Year; this document is in lan
guage, calm, and kindly, but, at the same time forcible and
dignified.—( It is too long to be copied.) It ends by stat-
ing—Your Christmas day has pissed, they who have wit-
nessed your peaceable, orderly deportment, will testify in
your favour, and compare the quiet of freedom with the
boisterous and troublesome revelry of slavery—when guards
were doubled, and patrols of soldiers scoured the country.
The Old Year has closed, the prisons contain one-half
fewer prisoners than they did six months ago, every thing
proves your general obedience to the laws of civilized life.
The above papers are a week later than those received
yesterday.
Money Stock coming to market, has caused during the
morning, rather a heaviness in the British Funds.
Consols may be quoted at 923 for the Account, Money
9211; Exchequer Bills, 60 58 ; India Bonds, 64 62; Bank
Stock, 2051 6 ; India Stock, 257.
In the Foreign Market, the prices arc much the same
as in the early part of the morning. Spani3h Active,
19k ; Portuguese, 35i 36 ; Three per Cents., 214 22-1-;
Belgian higher, 99-1 100 ; Brazilian, 80i ; Colombian,
201 304 ; Mexican,. 24.1 • ' Dutch Two-and-a-Half per
Cents., 541 55 ; Five per Cents., 1021 103.
We have no further arrivals. The New York packet of
the Ist inst. is daily expected.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 9*

Since half-past five o'clock this morning very great excite-
ment has prevailed in the City and the Eastern part of the me-
tropolis, in consequence of the circulation of a report of the
splendid steam ship, the Soho, being on fire,which was soon as-
certained to be true, and attracted a great assemblage of per-
sons to the spot where she laid off, St. Katherine's Docks. The
iirst intimation on shore of the fire was about ten minutes after
five o'clock, by the ringing of the alarm bell of the Soho. At
that period the conflagration appeared to be confined to the fore
hold of the vessel, but before an hour had elapsed it extended to
the fore cabin and the deck, which in a very short time pre-
sented a mass of flames.

Every assistance w;.; sent by the officer on duty at St. Ka-
therine's Docks on being apprized of the disastrous calamity,
and shortly after eight o'clock one of the large floating engines
of the Docks arrived alongside of the ill-fated vessel, and was
set to work on the flames; another floating engine, belonging
to the Fire Brigade, from Rotherhithe, followed, and that was
set to work also, the whole giving employment to about 300
auxiliaries.

At half-past eight o'clock there was every appearance of a
greater ascendancy of the fire, for it could be distinctly seen
that every portion of the fore part of the ship was in flames,
and bursting into the machinery department to the stern.
The immense quantity V water that was discharged from
the floating engines, which in power exceeded ten large
ones, had not the least effect on the devouring clement,
and the only method left to save the vessel from utter destruc-
tion was to scuttle her. On Captain Wycombe being applied
to by the firemen, he gave directions to the crew to cut holes
in the vessel's side and scuttle her. They immediately com-
menced, and soon cut two largeheles in the fore part. The ves-
sel's hold was soon inundated, but there was not sufficient water
to scuttle the vessel entirely, and at 16 feet she grounded,
having about 8 feet under the deck. This was effected by
half-past nine, and the_ tide running down fast. When it was
perceived that the vessel had grounded,. Hamilton, the sub-
engineer at Watling-street, was let down through tha fore-
hatchway by the means of a rope, to discover where the fire
was most raging, and after being drawn up, directed the atten-
tion of his brother firemen to the side, and under the decks.
The fire was somewhat abated at eleven o'clock ; but up to the
time of our reporter quitting the vessel (twelve o'clock) it was
not got safely under, and the engines were still playing.
ONE O'CLocx.—We are happy to state that the firemen
have succeeded in getting the fire entirely uncle, . An examination
have taken place, as far as the water in the hold will admit, and
it appears that the fore-part is almost burnt out ; the cargo is'
completely consumed. The damage, we are glad to hear, is
much less than was at first supposed; it is estimated not to
exceed 5001.
CORN LAW I)ELEGATES.

With feelings of inexpressible shame end humiliation,
we are compelled to record another insult inflicted on the
British flag, by a nation that once trembled to encounter
it upon the seas. We pledge the respectability of the
Falmouth Express, for the accuracy of the facts; and we
believe we are giving them in substance, as they have been
transmitted to the Admiralty.
The day of the attack on the Castle of Ulloa, Vera
Cruz, her Majesty's packet Express, Lieutenant Croke,
R. N., was in the harbour ; but seeing the preparations by
the French for the bombardment, a native pilot was in-
duced to intrust himself to the safety of the British flag,
and pilot the gun-brig to the Island of Sacrificios. On
his way thither, Lieutenant Croke, with the English
colours flying, passed the corvette which Prince de Join.
vine commands ; mutual civilities being exchanged, as her
Majesty's packet was proceeding, signals were seen flying
at the French Admiral's mast-head. A shot teas presently
fired by the corvette on the quarter of the Express
packet, an English jack was shown at the Frenchman's
mast-head, and a boat was discerned pulling from him.
Lieut. Croke hove-to, and a French officer having boarded
the packet positively demanded the pilot. The packet
being under the guns of the corvette, the commander,
after some objection and remonstrance, felt compelled to
surrender him, and he was forcibly taken on board the
French ship. Now, be it remembered, the pilot had
only embarked on board a neutral vessel, under the con-
fidence which foreigners have hitherto reposed in the
protection of the British flag. An English officer induced
him to leave the safety of his home, and he felt that
be was surely intrusting himself to the officer of a nation
powerful enough to protect him. In vain, however, the
poor man—with England's ensign and pennant waving
above his head--in vain he entreated the rights of that
confidence which had brought him, not to pilot an enemy
against his country, but a neutral and armed ship from dan-
ger. In vain be averred that should he even be forced to
pilot the French to the action, his own indignant country-
men would reward his involuntary treachery with death.
His just remonstrance was vain—for the first time the Bri-
tish flag was implored in vain—the red cross of Albion was
dishonoured, humiliated, and powerless. The respect
which, under Whig impotency, England ceases to main.
tain for her own glorious flag, availed not for the security
of even the decent rights qineutrality. A British officer,
beneath his own pennant, with the commission of his
Queen, and the uniform of his country, in her Majesty's
armed brig, was compelled, by superior force, to resign his
pilot a prisoner into the hands of the enemy—a prisoner to
lead the foe to the attach and slaughter of his own country-
men !

The Anti-Corn-law Delegates met to-day at 12 o'clock,
when Mr, Baines moved, and Mr. •Johnstone seconded a
vote of thanks for Lord Brougham's able, unanswered,
and unanswerable speech of last night. The motion was
carried, with the addition of the word " unsolicited ;" the
Delegates then adjourned till three o'clock to-morrow.
