N A. 7 AL IN TELLI43,OkT'CE.

( From the Hampshire Telegraph.)

PORTSMOUTH, Auo. 3.—The Hastings, 72, Capt. Law-
rence, C. 8., sailed yesterday, for Plymouth and Lisbon.
The Revenge, Captain the Hon. W. \Valdegrave, was
towed out of harbour on Thursdfy, the three companies of
the 84th Regiment, for Cork, having been previously
transferred to her from the Apollo troop ship, which, in
the first instance, was intended to convey them thither.
The Revenge is considerably short of her complement of
men, and is ordered to Cork to enter her full number.
She will sail on Monday. Sixty seamen, however, for
service in this ship, are hourly expected in the Blenheim.
The Blenheim, 72, is ordered from Sheerness to Spit-
head ; she would have been here during the week, but
having wrung her capstan by endeavouring to unmoor with
with an elbow in her hawer, she remains to get the damage
repaired. Report says she is ashore on the Beacon Shoal,
in the Swin Channel.
The Melville, 72, and Columbine, 15, left St. Helena,
for Algoa Bay, on the sth June.
The Ringdove, 15, was at St. John's, New Brunswick,
on the 29th June.

The Avon steamer arrived yesterday from the River, and
sailed again for Dublin.
The Lily, 16, Commander Deare, intended for the coast
of Africa, is fittinc, to take Mr. Readall, the English Con-
sul, to the Cape de Verds.
The Gorgon steam frigate is ordered to be here to-
morrow, from Sheerness, to be ready for a start for Malta.
Orders have also been dispatched to Leith, to bring the
Benbow to Spithead.

The Powerful, 84, Captain Napier, arrived at Gibraltar
on the 12th ult., and sailed on the following day for Malta.
The Apollo troop-sloop, Mr. Karley master, sailed on
Thursday to Jersey, to take on board troops there fur Ply-
mouth ' after disembarking which she will remove others
from that port to Ireland.
The Royal Sovereign transport arrived on Monday from
Bermuda, and sailed on Thursday for Woolwich.
On Saturday morning last four companies of the S4th
( York and Lancaster) regiment, under the command of
Major Willington, marched from Cork for Kilkenny; and
on Monday last, at an early hour, the head-quarters, under
the command of Lieutenant- Colon! Macbean, K. H., fol-
lowed for the same destination. The 7th Royal Fusiliers,
under orders for Gibraltar, replace the 84th, until the
arrival of a troop-ship to convey them to the Rock.
In Harbour.—Britannia. Victory, Excellent, Royal
George, Pantaloon, Diligence, naval transport, and Mes-
senger, steamer.

AL Spithead.—Revenge, Curacoa, Lily, and Furst
Menschikoff (Russian. )
PLYMOUTH, AUGUST —Ti)e Leveret arrived on Sa-
turday from the coast of Africa; and the Winchester, 52,
on the same day from Portsmouth ; she sailed to-day for
the West India station. The Hercules, 74, sailed on Fri-
day, for Lisbon ; and the Layton convict-ship on the
same day for Hobart Town. The Clio sailed on Sunday
for South America. In Hamoaze—lmpregnable, San
Josef, Sylph. Girton steamer, Pandora, Drake Lighter.
In Barapool-._Druid, Swale lighter. In the Sound—
Belleisle, Leveret.

NAVAL PROMOTIONS AND APPOINTMENTS.—Commander.
—Robert Spencer Robinson to the Phmuix. Lieute-
nants.—John Barnes, (a) to the Victory, for the duties of
the ship ;J. Compton, additional, to Stag. Master.
W. Brodie, to command the Rattlesnake troopship. Se-
cond Masters—Edward F. Cavell, sen., Samuel Wad-
dingham, and G. H. Harper, to the Rattlesnake ; Edward
Williams, to be Acting Master of Phcenix ; George I.
Gibbon, to the Portsmouth yacht. Assistant-Surgeon..—
John Sinclair to the Rattlesnake. Mates.—Arthur Vvncr,
to the Blenheim ; Andrew Lillie, additional, to the-Bri.
tannia. Boatswain.—Benjamin Bull, to the Rattlesnake.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
(LLOYD'S.)

DEAL, Au c. 3.—Wind S.W. by N.E.—Sailed the Royal
Tar, Brooks, for Lisbon ; Atlas Pigot, Madras ; Oratava,
Johnson, Cape of Good Hope ; Emerald, Vasti, Rio Janeiro;
Mountaineer, Cockburn, Quebec ; Ocean, Robinson, ditto;
Waterben, Dods, ditto ; Maria, Brown, ditto ; W. G. Ander-
son, Steele, ditto; Rosslyn Castle, Proctor, ditto; James Har-
ris, Wright, ditto ' • Princess Charlotte, Maitland, ditto ; Eagle,
Stephenson, St. John's, New Brunswick ; Barossa, Austen,
Sydney, New South Wales. Arrived, the Janet Willis, Willis,
from Demarara.

LIVERPOOL, Ace. 3.—Wind, N.W. 4th ditto.—Arrived,
Henry Porcher, Valparaiso ; Mary and Jane, Osborn, Licata ;
Elizabeth and Mary, Pattesen, Riga ; Forfield, Sly, Bombay ;
Westchester, Farris, New York, sailed on the 13th ult. ;
Edmond, Perkins, New Orleans ; Thomas Bennett, Hayden,
Charleston; Leonore, Graves, ditto; Ann, Uhenfield, Maran-
ham ; Theron, Miramichi ; Gem, 31‘Kenzie, Riga;
Mercer, Mercer, ditto; Tell, Cooper, Archangel ; Sailed,
Cheerful, Batavia ; Adrastus, Day, Cape of Good Hope ; Maw-
ney, Downes, Para; Waterville, Mills, Hayti; United States,
Barr, Philadelphia ; Montezuma, Christianson, ditto ; Ocean
Queen, W. Master, Quebec ; Champion, Warren, Boston ;
Buckingham, Robertson, Africa; Gandolpho Culotto, Naples;
Giorgio, Chevieo, Palermo; Rival, Sutherland, Jamaica;
Gazelle, Buchanan, Monte Video; Grafton, Smith, Philadel-
phia ; Waltham, Burton, Providence ; Airey, Nicholson, Mon-
treal. Off port the Courier, —, Valparaiso ; Jessie, —,
Quebec; Devereux, ditto; Aminca, ditto; Hercules, Buctush.
FALMOUTH, ALTO. 2.—Wind variable. 3. —Wind N. N.W,
—Arrived, the Queen Christen, Miramichi ; Mutine packet,
Halifax, sailed 19th ult. Sailed, the Ophelia and Ann, Barker,
Mauritius; Elizabeth, Lowden, Picton ; John Romilly, Ken-
dall, Newfoundland ; Dexterous, Proom, Messina. Petrel
packet, West Indies.

GUERNSEY, AuG. 2.—Arrived, the Amelia, Le Mesurier,
Rio Janeiro. Sailed, the Minerva, Scott, Gijon ' • Ace of
Trumps, Lidstone, Valencia ; William and Maria, De Cartaret,
Malaga,
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 3.—Wind N. 4, N.N.E. to N.—
Arrived the Mariner, Bartlett, from Quebec. Sailed the Maria
Cecilia, Vrona, for Vera Crua ; Earl of Ilardwicke, Henning,
Calcutta ' • Superior, Grate, Demerara ' Thomas King,
flounce, Sydney ; Mary Young, Mather, Halifax ; Richard,
Rodes, Messina.

PLYMOUTH, A uc. 4. —Wind variable. —Arrived the Edward,
Dodd, Memel. Sailed the Ada, Warwick, Nestor, Smith, and
Victoria, Shollon, for Quebec; Kerswell, Gour, Seville;
Amelie, De la Fosse, Mauritius.

-- • •••
HASTINGS, AUG. 4.—Off ••-
port, the Viscount Melbourne
Drayner, from Canton.

SOUTHAMPTON, AUG. 4.—Sailed the Lloyd's, for Quebec.
YARMOUTH, ISLE or `Viola, Au°. 4.—Sailed the Hector,
Lawson, for Quebec.

,
POOLE, AUG. 4.—Arrived the William Retson, Robbins,
and Brothers, Veale, from Newfoundland. Sailed the Angli-
cania, for Quebec.

BRIXHAM, Arc. 4.—Arrived the Fame, Rawson, Cadiz.
DARTMOUTH, Ago. 2.—Off port, the Ceres, Hazelwood,
from Barbadoea. Sailed the Susan, Le Baillie, Newfoundland.

VESSELS SPOKEN WlTH.—Willsons, Demerara to Liverpool,
27th ult., lat. 44. long. 35. ; Gironde, Bristol to Quebec, Ist
inst., lat. 50. long. 7.; Fama, of Kincardine, for Berbice, Ist
inst., lat. 50. long. 8., by the Mutine packet, arrived at Fal-
mouth • William Bavias, Norice, London to Philadelplaia,
28th silt., let. 43. long. 11. ; Britannia, Liverpool to Bahia,
9th June, lat. 18. S. long. 31. W. ; Saladin, of Hartlepool,
fur Quebec, 24th ult., lat. 44. long. 41., by the Henry Por-
cher, arrived at Liverpool.

DEATH OF A POLICE MAGISTRATE.—On
Thursday morning it was announced to the Magistrates of
Marylebone office that their colleague, Mr. Shutt, died at
Highgate on Sunday morning last. He requested that
his papers and memorandums, left in the office, might be
sealed and sent to the Home Office, which was immediately
done. Mr. Shutt, who was fermeily a barrister on the
Oxford Circuit, was appointed one of the stipendiary
Magistrates about four years since, and was generally con-
sidered to possess a sound knowledge of the law. Soon
afterwards his health began to decline, which rendered his
temper irritable, and precluded the possibility of his attend.
ance regularly to his duties. For the last five or six
months he had not been to the office. He was about 45,
and died of consumption.
Lord Wodehouse, the Lord-Lieutenant of the
county of Norfolk, hearing that Love, the Chartist, and
others of that class were about to address the people at
Wymondain on Sunday morning, entered that town early,
and ordered the police to be in readiness to warn the in-
cendiaries out of the place. About
,eleven o'clock Love
went to the Market-cross, intending to hold forth, but the
police and constables made him move on, and would not
permit him to raise a crowd. The Lord-Lieutenant
gave the same directions in the surrounding towns, and Love,
walked with his companions briskly from one place to an.
other, in each the police preventing him from uttering his
pestilential doctrines, and he fought his weary way home
ssarcely able to walk from fatigue.—Norwich Mercury.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE REMOVAL OF
THE COURT TO WINDSOR.—The principal Ministers of the
Crown have engaged or are in treaty for residences so near
to Windsor Castle as to admit of their dining there every
• day during her Majesty's stay, if they should be honoured
by the Royal command to that effect. Lord Melbourne is
to live at Sunning-hill ; Lord Palmerston at Englefield.
green ; Lord Howick at Datehett ; Lord John Russell is
in negotiation for a villa in the forest. For Lord Ux-
bridge and his family Cumberland Lodge is now in course
of being repaired and furnished.—Morninq Post.
MELANCHOLY AccIDENT.--Wednesday, as
William Jollie was descending with several tons of wood,
the shaft of a new coal pit at Blairderdrie, near Garscad-
den, the patent hoisting machine block gave way, and he
was precipitated to the bottom, the block and tackle falling
on him. Medical aid was procured as speedily as possible
from Paisley, Renfrew, and Glenhead, and his right
thigh was amputated without any serious loss of blood, but
be was so severely injured that he died within an hour after
the operation.: Had he survived, it would have been neces-
sary to amputate his other leg also. He has left a wife and
five children to deplore his loss. The circumstance has
excited deep feelings of commiseration in that quarter for
the family.

--- , .
ADDITIONAL TROOPS.—In addition to the
depot of the 93d Regiment, which has for some time been
lying here, a detachment of the 78th, under the command
of Captain Hemmans, arrived at the Barracks on Thurs.
day. The march of this detachment seems to have occa-
sioned a little alarm in Glasgow, where reports were spread
that Paisley was in a state of riot. We understand that
so much ground had the report gained, that a troop of
horse was kept all night in readiness, to gallop from the
Cavalry Barracks, Glasgow, had their services been re.
quircd. We have only to add, that Paisley in common
with Glasgow, remains in a state of perfect quietness.--
Paisley Advertiser.
HER RING FISIIING.—III the early part of this
week the fishing was very promising, the boats averaging
from three to twelve crans. A gale of wind from the
North prevented them going to sea on Thursday night.
This morning they have caught very few; the hest boat
we hear of has about feur crans, and many of the fish are
'Pawned. We trust to see a fresh shoal next week ; for,
as that at present on the coast arrived some weeks before
the fishing was tried, it is evident that it cannot last
long. A rumour was current during the week, that a
herring boat from Fisherrow had been run down by a
steam-boat, but we are happy to say it i 3 unfounded. At
theshin ;
Eyemouth the fishing during the last week, although not
heavy, has been general
gt sit Frenchnd morning has been the best,
the average being from five to twenty crans. Prices 14s.
itno It
151 s .
ppoerrt cyan.
Several and
prospects. English
are
vessels
good.— ar e
Berwick Advertiser. fi

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, AUGUST 3.
NEW SOUTH WALES.

Mr. CHARLES BULLER'S speech continued from The
Sun of yesterday.
In 1824 the expenditure wa5:145,000/. In 1835, eleven years
after, it rose to 292,0001., being more than double the ex.
penditure at the former period. ln -1838 it was reduced to
.24000/. Yet with a deficient revenue the Government pro-
posed to the Legislative Council, that the expenditure for
1839 should be 360,000/. In all the annals of the profusion
of Governments, he had never met with any to compare with
New South Wales, and in order to maintain this excessive ex-
pendieare the Government had been obliged to break faith
and trench upon [the land revenue, thus depriving the colony
of its surest source ef prosperity, viz. labour. He did not blame
the Government here fur this gross extravagance, he only
adduced it as an instance of the kind of extravagance which
would always take place where there was a distant colony
having large revenues without being checked by the control
of that House. The conclusion to which he wished
to draw the attention of the House was that the people of New
South Wales ought to have some voice in the expeadituro of
the revenues which were raised from them. He might be
told that the people of New South Wales and Van Diemen's
Land were unfit for self-government, but that was not the
opinion of many of those persons who were best acquainted with
toe colony and most interested in its welfare and good government.
Ile might refer to the evidence of Mr. M'Arthur, one of the
largest proprietors, who said the time had come for giving the
people of the colony the choke of representatives. This was
not merely the opinion of residents, but of most intelligent
oificerss including Sir Edward Parry, Sir Thomas Mitchell, the
Surveyor-General, and Sir Richard Bourke, who was for a
long time Governor.
_Numerously signed petitions had also
been presented on this subject, and cue with. 1,91,0 signatures
was now on its way to this country, 125 Magistrates out of 198
having signed it. The House ought not much longer to delay
the consideration of the queistion; He felt the force of
the objection urged against the plan, that with a population
situated as that seas, a representative government could not be
immediately established. in
.New South Wales and Van Diemen's
Land. The feeling of the colony ought to impress on the House
the desirableness of taking such means as would enable it, at
the earliest period,:with safety, to establish a free Government in
the colony.—( Hear, hear.) Government ought to take mea-
sures to fit these colonies for freedom. He had a bad opinion
of the working of the Colonial Government, but he did not
attribute this to any bad intention,- bet to our not knowing
anything about the colonies, and our not caring anything about
them. One of the most extraordinary instances of carelessness
was our continuing the system of transportation. 'Within the
last ten or twenty years it had been discovered that these colo-
nies possessed more valuable exportable commodities than any
of the celonies of the British Einpire, and there could belittle
doubt that, in less than fifty years .it would be infinitely
more valuable than all the other colonies of the British Crown
together. The Government ought to have altered the system
the moment the value of these colonies was discovered, and
ought to have abandoned the absurd idea of keeping these valu-
able colonies as a kind of prison, and converted them into the
abode of civilized and industrious men. There were no colo-
nies that offered so great an inducement to a respectable settler.
In New South Wales the feeling against the abolition of
transportation was that it weed(' deprive them of the importa-
tion of labour, and cut short the prosperity of the
colony.--( Hear, hear.) But the supply was already inade-
quate to the demand. The utmost amount of the importation
was 4,000 a-year, and the wants of the colony required 10,000
labourers. The want of labour, therefore, had been so serious
an evil that they had proposed the most extraordinary devices
for introducing slavery into the colony that had ever been
heard of, such as the importation of the Chinese, the Malays,
and the Hill Coolies of India. The Government, however,
much to their credit, had put a stop to the plan. The only suffis
cient supply of labour could be procured by encouraging the
free emigration of those who were ready to leave their country,
provided they could actually settle on good terms in the colony.
They would thus obviate the necessity of transportation, and get
rid of the great obstacle to emigration, and to giving the people
a free Constitution. In the course of five years esiigration
might be put on a progressive footing, and the colony rendered
capable of taking care of itself, and enjoying those free insti-
tutions without which Englishmen could never long be content.
He had, as he had said before, merely taken this opportunity of
calling the attention of the House to the existence of the system
of Government which had produced such great. mismanagement
Of the affairs of the colony, to remedy which immediate steps
ought to be taken.

Mr. LABOUCHERE would not follow the Hon. Member
through the whole of the details into which he had entered, but
this was not from any disrespect to him or insensibility to the
subject, but because he relt that no good practical result would
follow from entering upon a vide field of discussion at the mo-
ment when the question before the House was of a very narrow
kind. At the same time the statement which the Hon. Mem-
ber had made was calculated to present so fallacious a picture,
from his having abstained from adverting to other subjects which
were intimately connected with the question, that he (Mr.
Labouchere) mould feel it his duty to advert to some
points which the Honourable Member had omitted.
The Hon. Member began by stating that he hoped the time
was not far distant when institutions of a more free character
would be substituted. He (Mr. L.) was far from differing
from that general principle ; it was because he felt there was
an objection to Englishmen Brine under any Government in
which they had no share—(Hearhear)—that he was disposed
to run some hazard rather than continue that state of things
which must have in itself the seeds of difficulty and danger.
But so far from any delay being justly imputable to the Go-
vernment, every year brought them nearer to the attainment of
the object which all had in view, namely, to give to the colonists
of Australia those institutions under which he hoped to see them
permanently satisfied.--( Hear, hear.) He had always enter-
tained a doubt whether it was proper to make these colonies
convict colonies—(Hear, hear)—and he was happy to be able
to state that the Government had taken decided steps to put a
stop to this system; that steps had been taken by the Noble
Lord the Secretary for the Home Department, in conjunction
with the Colonial Office, to put a decided stop to the system of
sending convicts to New South Wales ; the greater number
would not new be detained there, but sent to Norfolk Islaed.
—( Hear, hear.) He agreed with his Hon. Friend that the
emigration of free labour ought to be encouraged, which alone
could supply the deficiency which would be caused by the cessa-
tion of convict labour, and enable the colonists to continue
in that course of unexampled properity which they had
hitherto enjoyed.—(hear, hear.) On this point, therefore,
he could net allow that the Government had abandoned their
duty. The population of the colony of New South Wales was
about 100,000. In 1838, the number of emigrants sent from
this country was 10,000, and this year it was intended to con-
tinue emigration on the same scale. This it was quite plain
must produce considerable effect, not only in supplying labour
to the colonies, but in improving the general mass of the popu-
lation. He now came to the charge of having invaded the land
fund, and applied it to other purposes, and of having violated
the pledge which had been given, that whatever might be
the demand for police and other purposes, the proceeds of the
land should not be diverted. He denied that any such pledge
had been given, and hoped that by economy the
finances of the country might be put on such
a footing as would in future years leave the
whole sum applicable to the purposes of emigration.
It was plain from the manly statement laid before the Legisla-
tive Council by Sir G. Gipps, that the finances of New South
Wales were not in a satisfactory state ; but it was to be remem-
bered that last year was a season of very great drought, which
had been so severely felt that labourers were actually waiting
in the streets of Sydney for hire, which they could not obtain.
Again, it was to be borne in mind that where the Government
had large establishments, as they necessarily had in convict
countries, the expense very greatly depended upon the price of
contracts—they, in consequence of the drought, were
very heavy last year, and had added to the difficulties ;
still he was of-opinion, along with Sir George Gipps,
that the difficulties were merely temporary, and they would
yield to the application of a strict and unflinching economy.
That would be applied, and he thought it was fortunate that
they. had at the head of the Councils in that country, so honest,
straightforward, and persevering a man as Sir G. Cripps--he
had no doubt the present difficulties would soon cease.
The question must, no doubt, come before them
next year, though he was loath to give a pledge which it
might not be in the power of the Goverment to redeem
next year. He agreed, howeier, that it was most important
that as soon as possible a more free Government should be ex-
tended to the colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's
Land, and he would be most happy if the information laid be-
fore the Government would allow them to do so next Session.
Mr. WARD said, after the discussion which had already
taken place, lie would confine himself to the single question of
the land revenue. Since the debate upon his colonial resolutions
he had met with a Treasury minute, which directed that the re-
venue derived from land should be applied to the payment of
the excessive expenditure of the colony, and that the
present difficulties must cease before any of it was applied to
the purposes of emigration. Now, his Hon. Friend had said
that 10,000 free labourers had been sent out last year, and
that 10,000 more would be sent out th;s year under
the auspices of Government. Now, he did not know
how to reconcile these conflicting matters. He had heard with
pleasure what had fallen from his Hon. Friend respecting the
eaevsviialissmou fpa r
nnNas pe
awo rs ttsaaott
statesman
an E;
Wales
butv r
bytyhwtehOyr d did him great credit both`
chi raysi;sgteamlreoadf.ytriannfisipetoedrtatthionuse,.
they were now bound to hold sacred the land fund for ~the
purpose of doing all in their power to, eradicate those evils - by
infusing a large portion of free labour into the• colony._
that was also demanded for the prosperity of the colony.
If the land revenue were allowed to go into the general
colonial revenues, it would lead to an excessive expenditure,
and it would never again be available for its legitimate purposes.
He was inclined:to give every credit to Sir George Gipps, but
he thought they would be rendering him a• service by pointing
out to him the defined and legitimate object to which the pro-
ceeds of these land sales should be applied.. The-,-NOble Lord
' he knew thought it just that the expenses of the colonial
police should be defrayed out of these land sales 4 but it should
be recollected that the necessity for that police was occasioned
by the necessity that existed for keeping down that portion' of
the population which had been forced upon them by the Go-
vernment of this country. The Noble Lord here stated that he
considered the land revenue in the light. of the capital of the
colony, and that it ought to be applied as such ; but he thought
when he made this declaration that the Noble Lord could
hardly have hail in his mind the Treasury Minute
to which he had alluded. Sir George Gipps had expressed
himself in as strong terms regarding this Minute as he
(Mr. Ward) could have done, for he had described it as re.
versing the order of things, and making emigration the last in-
stead of the first charge upon the fund. Though he could
not oppose this Bill he trusted his Right Hon. Friend would
see the advantage of endeavouring to infuse as large an amount
of new blood into the colony as possible. In the present Bill
his Right Hon. Friend had been obliged to provide for such
alterations in the Jury law as would prevent eman-
cipationists from serving on Juries. The ill success
of the experiment which had been tried, of permitting such
persons to serve on juries, led him to doubt that the expectations
of his Hon. Friend opposite as to a representive Government
being granted to the colony could be realised, until his Right
Hon. Friend should have succeeded in making the good, the

virtuous, and the honest portion of the inhabitants so prepon-
derate in the colony ag to give a tone to society. The
whole taxation of New South Wales was indirect at

' amounted to less than it had in 1837, therefore they could only
the presQmoment.L(Hear, hear.) In 1838 it had
hope to raise the revenue by calling a new population into exis-
tence, when they would again find the revenue of the colony
rising. He hoped some explanation would be given as to the
manner in which the 10,000 emigrants were to be sent out this
year, and he trusted that some assurance would be given that
the Treasury Minute to which he had alluded would not
be carried into effect without having received much greater
consideration than had been already given to it.
Lord HOWICK felt called upon to address a few words to the
House, after what had fallen from his Hon. Friend. He (Lord
Howick) had said that he considered the best and wisest appli-
cation of the land revenue was to the encouragement of emi-
gration, as being the most advantageous to the colony ; but it
was requisite that the colony should provide for those
expenses which were not fairly chargeable on this country,
and the police force was one of them. It bad been said
that the necessity for that force had been imposed upon
them by this country. That was true; but it should be
remembered that convict labour was the great source of wealth
to the colony, and if they had the advantage on the one side, it
was but fair that they should pay the expenses of the establish-
ment necessary to keep these persons in order. It certainly
would have been more advisable if the colonists would have
raised funds for these purposes by means of local rates ;
