SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING AT ST. JAMES'S.—(THIS DAY.)
The following is a statement of the odds up to this
morning :

t to 1 agst Glenartney
9 to 1 agst Roderick
10 to 1 agst Gabertunzie
11 to 1 agst Espagnolle
12 to 1 agst Trumpeter
12 to 1 agst Defence
15 to 1 agst Mameluke

DERBY.
14 to 1 agst Spondee
20 to 1 agst Windermere
20 to 1 agst Turcoman
25 to 1 agst Gamelius
40 to 1 agst Pontiff (taken)
60 to 1 agst Raymond.

9 to 2 agst Schebersurade
6 to 1 agst Tippitywitchet
7 to 1 agst Toso
8 to 1 agst Donna Clara

10 to 1 agst Brocard
14 to 1 agst Calypso
14 to 1 agst any other.

EPSOM RACES.

This great meeting cpinmences to-morrow, and conti-
nues to excite the most intense interest in all parts of the
country. As our readers must naturally be anxious to
know the appointments, we subjoin the following official
statement of the stakes and entries for to-morrow, re-
ceived yesterday morning from Epsom : they were com-
pleted late on Saturday night.

FIRST DAY, TUESDAY, MAY 29.

The Craven Stakes, of 10 cove. each, for three-yr-olds,
6st. four, Sst. five, Set. 91b. six, 9st. 21b. and aged,
9st. 51b. The last mile and a quarter.
Mr. Forth's b. f. by Interpreter—Ally, 3 yrs
Mr. Haffenden's c. Pontiff, 3 yrs
Duke of Portland's Alderman, 5 yrs
Mr. Pettitt's eh. c. by Waxy Pope, 3 yrs
Mr. Theobald's br. h. Trinculo, 5 .yrs
Mr. Scaith's b. c. by son of Haphazard—Windsor's dam, 3 yrs
Mr. West's b. h. Syphon, 4 yrs
Duke of Richmond's b. h. Linkboy, 4 yrs
Mr. Scaith's r. f. by Master Low, dam by Soothsayer, 3 yrs
Mr. Dilly's b. f. Maldonia, 4 yrs
The Shirley Stakes, of 25 sovs. each, for three-yr-old
colts, Set. 71b. and fillies, Sst. 41b. One mile.
Duke of Richmond's Starch
Mr. Bartley's b. e. Prestbury
Mr. L. Charlton's ch. c. Braganza, by Octavius
Captain Westenra's ch. c. by Friday--Jenny Wren

MATCII.-50 sovs. Last half mile.
Lord Mountcharles's ch. c. by Catton—Ursula, Bst. 11b.
Duke of Richmond's f. Busk, by Whalebone, Bst. 41b.

TUE RING.—FIGHTS TO COME.
May 29.—Savage and Wallace, 1001.
May 29.—M'Carthy and Crick, 251.
June I.—Dodd and Hurley, 101.
June 4.—Harry Jones and Jem Raines, 251.
Junel9.—Young Dutch Sam and Dick Davis, 1001.
June 26.—D. Donovan and G. Thorpe, 50/.
June 30.—Pollard and Williams, 20/.
July $,...-Jem Burne and Whiteboeded Bob, 1001.

FASHIONABLE AND MISCELLANEOUS.

This morning his Royal Highness the Lord
High Admiral, left his residence at the Admiralty,
accompanied by • his suite, and proceeded to
Woolwich, where the Royal Duke intends to
inspect during the course of the day, the de-
tachment of Royal Marines stationed there.
Yesterday the Lord Chancellor and Lord
Farnborough had audiences of the KING.
Mr. Canning had an audience on Saturday of
the KING.

Yesterday the Duke and Duchess of Clarence
gave a grand dinner at their residence in the
Admiralty.
Letters have been received in town lately from
Berlin, which state that the Duke of Cumber-
land has completely recovered his sight, and that
in fact, he can now see much better than he has
done for several years past. The Duke's general
health, as well as that of his Duchess and Prince
George, was very good.
The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester gave a
grand dinner on Saturday at Gloucester-house,
Park-lane. Viscount and. Viscountess Goderich
and Mr. and Mrs. Canning were of the party.
The Marquis and Marchioness of London-
derry entertained a numerous party of the nobility
and gentry to dinner on Saturday, at their resi-
dence in Park-lane. Among the company were,
the Dukes of Wellington, Northumberland, Rut-
land, and Dorset ; Marquisses of Graham, Wor-
cester, Donegal, and Salisbury ; Marchioness
Emily of Londonderry, and Salisbury ; Earls of
Eldon, Lonsdale, Aberdeen, Kinnoul, Chester-
field, Shaftesbury, Winchelsea, Bathurst, and
Belfast, &c.

The Royal Sovereign yacht has sailed from
Deptford, having on board the Right Hon. W.
Fremantle, who is appointed Chamberlain to the
Queen of Wurtemberg, and several of the King's
servants to attend her Majesty. It is expected
the Queen will bring a numerous suite with her,
who will be accommodated in the apartments of
the Duke of Cumberland, in the King's Palace,
St. James's.

The Spanish and Hanoverian Ministers tran-
sacted business on Saturday at the Office of the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
Mr. Wynn transacted business on Saturday at
the Colonial Office.

The Lords of the King's Most Hon. Privy
Council had a meeting on Saturday morning, at
the Council-office. The Lords present were the
Master of the Rolls, Lord Plunkett, and Sir.
Gore Ouseley. Their Lordships met at half-
past ten o'clock. Sir C. Wetherell, Mr. Shad-
well, &c. were heard by their Lordships on a
number of Plantation Appeals which came before
their Lordships for their consideration. Their
Lordships separated about four o'clock.
Yesterday an extraordinary Board of the Lords
of the Treasury was held at the Treasury Cham-
bers, which was attended by Mr. Canning and
the other Lords. Mr. Herries attended as Se-
cretary to the Board. The Board broke up at
half-past four o'clock.
Yesterday the Marquis tie Palmella, the Por-
tuguese Ambassador, Galled at the Foreign-office.
The Marchioness of Lansdown, the Mar-
chioness of Londonderry, the Countess of Jer-
sey, and other distinguished persons, are to be
the Lady Patronesses of the public breakfast to
be given by the Council-and Fellows of the Hor-
ticultural Society, at their gardens at Chiswick,
on the 23d of June, under the management of
Gunter, of Berkeley-square. Should the wea-
ther be favourable, it is expected three or four
thousand tickets will be issued for this fete,
which is to be conducted with great splendor.
Lord Lowther was formerly in the habit of
presenting a daily paper to the Appleby News
Room ; but since he lost his sinecure, he has
been under the necessity of changing it for one
of three days a week. Retrenchment is com-
mendable in any man in similar circumstances.
—Durham Advertiser.

GRAND ENTERTAINMENT AT CARLISLE
CASTLE.—On Monday last a very splendid ball
and supper was given by the Officers of the 90th
Light Infantry, at present stationed in Carlisle.
Colonel Burrell presided at the supper tables,
and was ably supported by Captain Slade, and
the rest of hie brother Officers. The board was
enlivened, for about two hours with sprightly
conversation, and several good songs from, both
ladies and gentlemen. Captain Slade himself,
being unable to sing, called in a ve:ty able sub-
stitute from the ranks of his owu. company. The
dancing was afterwards resumed, and continued
up to the dawn of day. The politeness and
good feeling of Col. Burrell and the Officers of
the 90th Upon this occasion, were the subject of
general encomium. We understand that a si-
milar entertainment has not been given within
the walls of the old Castle since the year of the
rebellion, 1745.—Carlisle Journal.

A worthy Baronet having heard that it was a
goose which saved the Roman Capitol, is re-
solved that a Goose also shall have the honour
of saving the British one. " Arcades antbo et
cantare pares et respondere paruti !"
MEETING TO ADDRESS THE KING.--A
meeting is aboutto be held in Waterford, to ex-
press the public approbation at the appointment of
the new Ministry.—Dublin illorntng Register.
Chief Justice Carleton was a very lugubrious
personage. He never ceased complaining of his
bad state of health (or rather of his hypochori_
driasm) and frequently introduced Lady Carle-
rfraLamentations
thrkeeciChief Justice should appear as
t rtahoerndcie-
ton into his " Bboyokcuo
plainittiff
rhea(ma
that
a inave)
in every saute that happen-
ed to come beform him ! Our., nisi prius day,
Lord Carleton came into ccAirt, looking unusually
gloomy. Ile apologiud to the bar for being
necessitated to adjourn ,tha court and dismiss the
jury for that day, " though," proceeded his
Lordship, " I am aware that an important issu-4
stands for trial : but, the fact is, I have met with
a domestic misfortune, which has altogether de-
ranged my nerves ! Poor Lady Carleton (in a
low tone to the bar) has most unfortunately mis-
carried, and —' " Oh, then, my Lord !" ex-
claimed Curran, " there was 110 necessity for
your Lordship to make any apology, since it now
appears that your Lordship has no issue to try."
—Sir Jonah Barrington Sketches.

Tom Dibdin, in his entertaining Reminis-
cences, relates an anecdote which, from the
source whence it is derived, is evidently authen.
tic, of the avarice which governed the private
character of Henderson, quite at variance with
the received opinion entertained to the represen-
tative of Falstaff, Macbeth, and John Gilr,in.
Henderson called one day on his excellent
friend, the- well-known Dr. Fryer, tq present
him, as a compliment, with tickets fob his benefit.
The good and benevolent Do r:.'-cor offered the
money for them, which Her:icierson took with a
blush ; and as he put it in his pocket, struck his
forehead with the unemployed hand, burst into
tears, and said, "I am ashamed, but by G—d I
vp't.help it,"

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We sincerely congratulate the nation on the
vast majority which has attended the first read-
ing of the Corn Bill in the House of Lords,—a
majority of nearly two to one in its favour ;—a
majority, also, which we have no doubt will
protect the Bill, in its future stages, from the ra-
vages which are menaced on its principles and
provisions. There is, likewise, another subject
connected with this question, upon which we
cannot help complimenting one portion of the
community, though it be at the expence of an-
other:. How much greater intelligence and con-
sistency- has been indicated by what may be
called the British public—the real English people
—upon the Corn question, thin by those louts
and coxcombs, united, the landlords and the po-
litical economists. To the Corn Bill of 1815
the English nation was justly and warmly op-
posed : they even endeavoured to prevent its be-
ing carried into effect by acts of violence ; and
from that time to the present, when it is to be
set aside, they never entertained but one opinion
on the law. 'The same law was received by the
agricultural interest with acelamations of joy in
1815 ; and was by. them forced upon the State.
In 1818 and 1819 they raved against it with
equal bitterness ; and now; in 1827, they op-
pose, with no less earnestness, and with no less
good sense, its repeal. We have only, then,
one short question to ask as a corollary from
these facts—whether such men deserve the
slightest consideration in the settlement of
the question—whether they have the heads
to know their own interest, or to per-
ceive by what means it may be best
secured ? The truth is, that the poor far-
mers have been dragooned into all these peti-
tions against the new corn-bill, for the mere pur-
pose of keeping up rents, by those two factions
of men whom we have above cited : the one
duller than the earth they tread, and the cther
a mere batch of fantastical coxcombs, incapable
of attaining literature, or fathoming science, and
therefore distorting and sophisticating common
sense by every kind of paradox and extravagance.
The corn-bill, therefore, will be carried ; and
we have no doubt that it will be partly cotempo-
raneous with, and partly productive of, an improved
state in our manufactures and commerce. We will
not now say that it is to be considered as but a tem -
poraz-y measure ; but we must hope that it is only
one stage in a journey. As our manufactures im-
prove, and our population increases,—that is, as
more corn is consumed,—the importation prices
may he lowered ; for we are well assured that
there is no resting place for our feet, there is no
firm principle upon which our commercial pre-
eminence can he based, or even the landed com-
munity rest free from shocks, but the unrestricted
and untaxed circulation of all the necessaries of
life (both for man and beast) throughout the
world ; and to this point we hope our steps are
tending. Let the agricultural interest, therefore,
to whom, in truth, the guilt of one half of our
national debt may be imputed, and who, during
its accumulation, swaggered and bragged
that they would spend their last guinea,
and shed the last drop of their blood,
in the just and necessary war, now use
equal efforts for its diminution,—not by
robbing those who have confided in public faith, but
by controlling the public expences. But upon the
subject of free trade, and above all of free trade in
the productions of nature, why, we ask, are foreign
hops prohibited? Native hops, we believe, are
now about 51. the cwt., duty included and the tax
upon foreign hops is 81. 16s. the cwt. If there be
one mischief greater than another, both upon the
land itself and upon the morals of the farming inte-
rest, it. is the growth of hops in this country.
The farm is robbed of all its manure for the hop
ground; and the hop trade itself is neither more nor
less than one great gambling concern. It is, in its
effect upon rural morals, something like what that
infernal mansion, now being raised in St. James's-
street, will be, in its effects upon the morals of the
metropcdis. We must call, therefore, for the im-
mediate cortsideration of the duty upon foreign hops,
with a view that it may be proportioned upon that
of native hops. It is in vain for Government to
affect the tl..owing open of the brewing trade, while
the growth of hops is confined to England ; for the
truth is, that the hops of this country must be and
will be bought up by the great capitalists. The
little brewer cannot contend with them, and is
therefore obliged to use quassia and other deleterious
ingredients. Admit foreign hops at first upon a
reasonable duty, and the monopoly of the beer trade
will be with greater facility laid open; the con-
sumption of the article will be increased, and its ge-
neral quality, carticularly in the country, improved :
the present body cf the brewers and publicans will
be less sensible of the change.—Times.
The charge of inconsistency is among the
loudest topics of accusation brought by the
Tories against the existing Government. We
do not know with how much grace a censure of
this description can be urged against an adver-
sery by him who, up to the day of his dismissal
from office, has, by the several means of clamour,
intrigue, and party violence, exerted the most
pertinacious opposition to a conciliatory measure
of great national policy ; and from the moment
of that dismissal, has abused the friends of the
same measure, because, in the teeth of a recent
vote of Pza.liarrient, they do not bring it forward
again. Neither can we treat with extraordinary
reverence the claims of the Tory Ministers and
their partisans to the peculiar kind of praise
which they look for, in a second instance. It is
reeav notorious throughout the kingdom, that if
they, in truth and substance, did,
not in words,
only two months since, endeavour to defeat the
exercise of that Royal prerogative which places
in the Crown, for its own security, the choice
of its responsible advisers. And now within
this week, as An indemnification,
,doubtless, for
that right which the Constitution gives the So-
vereign, but of which they, the Tories, would
divest him, they have ascribed to him one which
the Constitution has, for the wisest and most
obvious purpose, withheld—namely, that oC lay-
ing down pulitical doctrines, and disseminating
principles through other channels than those of
his responsible advisers, for the 'criminal pur-
pose of influencing votes in the two Houses
of Lords and Commons, by representing the
personal favour or displeasure of his Majesty as
the consequence of rejecting or passing a parti-
cular law. These gentlemen would frustrate a
prerogative, without which there could be no
safety for the King ; and they would intro-
duce and enforce one, with which there could
be no shadow of independence in the Par-
liament. The attempt which was matte in the
House of Lords on Monday lost, to obtain from
the Bishop of London a formal declaration of
his Majesty's personal opinions with regard to
the Catholic question, met, from the highest au-
thorities in that assembly, a prompt and consti-
tutional rebuke. Lord Lausdown warned the
Rev. Prelate of the peril to which he would be
eipcAed by finishing the avowal, in the course of
which he was, fortunately for himself, interrupted.
The Right Rev. Prelate is a Privy Councillor,
and had sense enough to shrink from the re-
sponsibility of holding himself forth in Parlia-
ment as the King's acivim ill an outrage upon

the Constitution. Lord Harrowby declared,
that it would be a mockery of the nation for
Noble Lords to sit in Parliament with an hy-
pothesis hanging over them, that the King
" had a previously-formed opinion upon any
" measure which was about to be discussed."
And how can it be otherwise ? How can the
people, so long as it is understood that the So-
vereign, in his own person, can " do no
wrong,"—how can the people know any thing
authentic of the Royal sentiments on a political
subject, but through the acceptance or rejection
of a given measure when sent up to him from
the Lords and Commons ? If the King can do
or say nothing but that for which his Ministers
are responsible, then can there be, constitution-
ally speaking, no reality in any Royal word or
action but that which his Ministers avow. When
Charles 11. gave authority under the sign
manual to Montague, for a base demand of money
from the French Court, in direct contempt
and defiance of the advice of Denby, did it
serve that Minister to allege the fact in exculpa-
tion ? No ; the wickedness which he disapprov-
ed was, in,. the true spirit of the Constitution,
urged upon him as the result of his own councils,
and the impeachment went on. What, then, must
be done of necessity, anth.in self-defence, by His
Majesty's present Ministers, if these unlawful prac-
tices are continued? Why, they must institute a
state prosecution against any man who dares to allege
that the King of England has authorized hint to
attack the independence of Parliament. What His
Majesty does not authorise his chosen Ministers to
state for him, it is constitutionally impossible that
he should intrust for repetition to others; and as for
the Parliamentary part of the question,—we mean
the employment of the King's name to influence
votes by other means than reason,—it is to us the
most disgraceful thing that ever happened, for
Englishmen to come forward, at a period when the
law and privilege of Parliament are on that point
so clearly settled, and to tell the country that, be-
cause we are no longer ruled by Tudors or Plan-
tagenets, who used to keep the axe or faggot in
terrorem over those who differed from them,there is
therefore no sinister bias to be dreaded from the
association of the King's name with promises of
wealth, or threats of Royal resentment : as if
modern lords and gentlemen had no hopes or terrors
because their heads are safe! We presume that his
Grace of Rutland will state publicly, and on Royal
authority, all that passed from the lips of an illus-
trious Personage during the two interviews of four
hours each, with which his Grace was honoured
lately on two successive days. If his Grace were to
choose for the time and place of his announcement
an assembly of Bishops, or a Bible meeting, we
guess, as the Americans say, that the exhibition
would be extremely edifying and instructive; espe-
cially if he shall relate all the anecdotes of racing,
hunting, &c., with which His Majesty condescended
to amuse- his Grace on those two occasions.—lbid.
It was, at one time, but too common in cer-
tain quarters, to ridicule the idea of diffusing
useful knowledge among the people, and the
phrases, " march of mind," "march of intellect,"
&c. were eagerly laid hold of by those who wished
to deride the endeavours of all those who looked
forward to the improvement of their country-
men. The scoffers, however, have either been
converted, or shamed out of the expression of
their sentiments ; for the labourers in the cause
of the people are now seldom annoyed by this
sort of opposition.—The possibility of commu-
nicating much sound and useful knowledge to
the body of the people will hardly be questioned
by any one who has looked around him with any
degree of attention. We may observe, that per-
sons who are apprenticed to trades and crafts
acquire a proficiency in them, with very few ex-
ceptions. The attention demanded of the pupil
in order to his attaining the requisite skill it
often greater than that demanded in the com-
munication of various branches of knowledge.—
We see, however, not only that men regularly
acquire such a proficiency in their callings as
enables them to earn their living, but that the
difference between workmen, though no doubt
sometimes considerable, yet, upon the whole, is
less than might at first be supposed. In the
same manner it will be found, that every man
not an idiot has faculties which enable him to
become possessed of knowledge ; and that
though, under any system of instruction, there
will be found considerable inequalities in indivi-
duals, yet that, if we take a hundred men, and
educate them in the same manner, the number
above and below the medium of capability will not
be great. When we consider the immense evils
that flow from ignorance, this knowledge of the
possibility of instructing our fellow creatures is
highly consolatory. In fact, we look confidently
forward to very important changes in the charac-
ter and destinies of our race.—Those who ap-
peal to past history, as affording proofs of the
delusiveness of similar views to the above, may
easily be answered. Down to nearly our own
times the condition of the great mass of our spe-
cies in every country was that of slavery. Even
in England villenage was not altogether extinct till
the reign of James I. In such a state of society,
instruction could belong but to few. The first great
extension of education in Europe was caused b;
the Reformation. The Reformers were obliged
to appeal to the Scriptures against the established
system, and they availed themselves of the re-
cently discovered art of printing to place the
Scriptures in the hands of the people. But the
views of the Reformers were, as might be ex-
pected, exceedingly confused. Popular instruc-
tion was, with them, altogether subsidiary to
Sectarian purposes. With the emancipation of
the lower orders, and the discovery of the art of
printing, began a new era in the history of man-
kind. We can hardly be surprised that this art
was not immediately productive of all the advan-
tages to the people which they may derive from
it. The period which has elapsed since the
commencement of the new era is but short, and
the prejudices left to us as a legacy from pre-
ceding ages were many. It has been reserved to
our times to make the discovery, that the preva-
lence of ignorance among the lower orders is in-
compatible with the peace of society and the
establishment of good order. Wherever a mass
of prejudices exist, it is impossible to calculate on
the actions of the individuals entertaining them.
In countries in which slavery exists the lash go-
verns the slave. But where the lower orders are
not slaves, but free agents, it becomes of the ut-
most consequence that the main-spring of their
actions should be properly regulated. An igno-
rant multitude may be stimulated by malevolence
to the commission of extensive mischief, for
there can be no calculation on the direction
-eehich ignorance may at any time take. Know-
ledge, too, is tranquillising. The savage and the
ignorant seek relief from the tedium of life in vio-
lent emotions. Hence, in proportion as men
are ignorant, they are cruel and fond of inebria-
tion. The great pleasure of the savage and the
boor k rapid and beastly intoxication. The man
who has entered the threshold of knowledge finds
himself exempted from this necessity, through
the perpetual gratification afforded to him by the
treasures successively presented to him. If of
an active disposition he avails himself of
t 8 information to better his situation, and to

employ his energies not in purposes hostile to
society ; and if he he of a quiet contemplative
' disposition, he derives means for rendering his situa-
tion less irksome. There are some well-meaning
people, who deem the ability to read the Bible a
sufficient education for the lower orders. But this
is a grievous mistake. No species of knowledge
can be safely isolated. We can only secure the
lower orders against superstitions, and all the evils of
fanaticism, by a proper mental training. When the
mind is enlightened, religion is not abused. We
complain of the erroneous views entertained of reli-
gion; but the mind must be properly trained to
judge correctly of religion or any other subject. By
means of improved modes of teaching, elementary
knowledge can be communicated with much greater
care now than formerly. But another improvement,
when more generally introduced, will be of immense
consequence. In some agricultural districts, move-
able circulating libraries have been established, so
that the whole of a large district of country may be
abundantly supplied by a single stock of books. This
removes one of the most formidable obstacles in the
way of the communication of knowledge, and
enables the natives of the most solitary districts to
have access to the means of improvement. In the
couse of the last few years, immense progress has
been made in this great work. From the soundness
of the views now generally entertained respecting
education, and the activity of well-intentioned men,
the results must he more and more favourable. The
conviction, that the more extended the knowledge of
an individual is, the more likely he is to be a good
and useful member of society, and that even the
lowest member of society can never possess too
much knowledge, is a favourable feature of our
Limes.—Morning Chronicle.
We understand that a Member of Parliament
is likely, if not in the present session, early in the
next, to bring the subject of special pleading
under the notice of the House of Commons. We
are glad to hear it. There is no subject more
deserving the attention of the Legislature. If
law is at all to keep pace with the advancement
of reason—if the interests of justice are to be
preferred to the barbarous ingenuity of forms—
if the investigation of truth be of more conse-
quence than the support of technical fictions and
imposture, it is impossible but the discussion of
this subject must be productive of good. This
system, which absolutely overlays the merits of a
case by a redundancy of verbiage, as absurd as it
is expensive, will not be able to bear the touch
of reason. It flourishes because it has remained
hitherto unmolested within its sanctuary of the
Courts of law, where it would be heresy, until
very lately, for any person to doubt the excellence
of an invention so profitable to lawyers. Let it
once be discussed abroad—let it be examined by
the eve of common sense ; and people will
wonder how any system so opposed to the
sacred character of justice, and the wholesome
administration of law, could have been ever tole-
rated. All pleading was originally meant to
facilitate justice, and the ancient forms were very
concise and clear, and consequently very effective.
But this did not answer those speculators
in human suffering, whose object it was, not
that the law should be administered, but that litiva-
tion should be promoted. The simplicity of the
ancient forms was departed from, in order to burden
suitors with unnecessary expence and to multiply
suits. It is clear that if all cases were decided upon
their merits, the quantity of litigation would be much
less than at present, when the best cause that ever
came into a Court of Justice may be defeated by a
technical inaccuracy that ought no more to break
down a good cause, than a straw ought to sink a
ship in full sail. Hence several trials frequently
occur for one that would otherwise happen. The
person who has the merits on his side is naturally
dissatisfied with the decision against him, and, in
the confidence of having truth on his side, he makes
other attempts at success. On the other hand, the
knowledge that intricacy and chicanery of special
pleading may be more than a match for the strongest
claims and the soundest principles, the person who
has no real merits to go upon, is encouraged to con-
test questions which he would otherwise at once
hare yielded, with the hope that not truth but
tactics may obtain the victory. Special pleading,
as practised at present, is to far► what hypocrisy is
to religion—it assumes its name to destroy its very
substance. It degrades justice into a quibbler about
words and forms, and makes the end of law exac-
tion.—Morning Herald.

It is not three months ago that we were gravely
told that nothing but an Act of Parliament (and
that of such a length that the engrossment of it
would have probably reached the whole length
of Westminster Hall) could cure the defects which
exist in the Court of Chancery ; while the very
same persons now declare that the whole can just
as easily be remedied by the order of the Judge
himself. These evident self-contradictions can
only be reconciled by a knowledge of the differ-
ent kinds of vision which belong to men when
in and out of power. To a certain degree, pro-
bably, both these opinions are correct ; but then
what a libel is it upon Lord Eldon, and upon
these persons themselves, that this remedy, so sim-
ple in itself; the one had not the courage to effect,
or the other to call for. Such remedies, however,
can never come too late ; and we agree that it may
be prudent, now that the Court itself may be said
to be re-organised, to wait a reasonable time at least
to see whether the most essential -if the reforms re-
quired may not be brought about by the fiat of the
new Lord Chancellor, aided by lus two efficient
colleagues, both of whom, it should be remem-
bered, were members of the Chancery Commis-
sion. It does seem a monstrous absurdity to
suppose that a Judge cannot correct the abuses
of his own Court ; and we have no doubt but
that a great proportion of the public have long
considered that " where there is a will there is a
way." As to matters of bankruptcy, we are by
no means prepared to come too hastily to the
conclusion that the jurisdiction over them should
be taken from the Great Seal, the possessor of
which, with the efficient aid he now possesses,
will in all probability be found quite competent
to manage all the cases which ought to come
before them,were the original proceedings before
the Commissioners placed under more competent
persons and better regulations. No man, at all
acquainted with the matter, but must be aware
that at least one-half the cases which come before
the Courts in matters of bankruptcy,. so come
owing to the haste or incompetency of the pre-
liminary Judges ; nor can any one, however un-
acquainted with the matter, doubt this fact for a
moment, if he will only visit for one half hour
the undignified, scrambling scene, which lie will
find exhibited almost every day at the Court, or
rather the hear-garden, in Basinghall-street.
The public are greatly indebted to Mr. Harvey for
the clear and sensible manner in which he laid bare
this part of the subject. His speech upon Mr. Taylor's
late motion was evfaently that of a man who knew
what he was talking about; and the soreness which
it produced on the minds of those who could not but
know the truths which he was stating, however
un-
palatable their exposure might be, is the best proof
of their value, Much of the evil of the whole sub-
ject, after all, hinges upon patronage ; unless the
present possessors of which consent willingly to
forego a large share, Parliament must be called upon
to compel its relinquishment. While this patron-
age was in Lord Eldon's hands, ;t was a great
grievance in the eyes of those who now view the
matter in a very different light. The possession of
three or four hundred places to oblige one's friends
and connections with, both rime find political, is

that which it is not in human nature to suppose that
any man will willingly forego. Let it, however, on
the other hand, be remembered, that every useless
place in the Court of Justice is a tax, as far as it
goes, upon the necessitous, and helps to form a
virtual obstruction to, and denial of justice. In short,
if the Court of Chancery is to be reformed from
within, the pruning-knife must be applied to the
branches, and those much larger ones than those
who live under the shade of them may like to see
cut away.—lbid.
We cordially congratulate our readers and the
country, upon the decision of the House of Lords
on Friday night, on the important question of
the principle of the Corn Bill. While we thus
express our sincere satisfaction at this vote, from
its tendency to promote and secure the best in-
terests of the nation, we look upon it with scarcely
less pleasure as a decisive practical answer to the
exaggerated pretensions and presumptuous pro-
phesies of the enemies of the Corn Bill in the
House of Lords. Let our readers remember
under what circumstances this signal victory has
been achieved. Even while it was, exclusively,
the measure or the Government of which Lord
Liverpool was the still existing head, with what
denunciations was it not assailed ?—how unspa-
ring were the efforts to organise an effective op-
position to it ;—how confident the predictions
with which its enemies consoled themselves after
the adoption of the Bill in the House of Com-
mons, ofits certain rejection in the House ofLords.
I,lThen we recollect all that has been said and done,
with a view to its defeat, we confess we feel almost
as much surprise as satisfaction at this signal triumph.
With respect to the talent with which, after such
noisy and mature preparation, the measure has at
length been opposed in the House of Lords, we
are almost afraid to express our sentiments. Let
the public carefully peruse what has been uttered
from the benches of the new Opposition, and judge
for themselves; and we shall be much mistaken, if
any Englishman of common sense—any friend to
the respectability and dignity of the aristocratical
branch of our well-balanced Constitution—will not
feel sorrow and mortification, that such poverty of
talent should be displayed amongst a body of men,
to whom the nation has always looked up, and, in
consideration of the result of Friday night's debate,
will still look up, as eminent for intellect, as well as
for rank. Friendly as we are to the present Minis-
try, we cannot help wishing for them an Opposi-
tion more worthy to be contended with.— Neu,
Times.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Etoile, dated Thursday, May 24.)

" CONSTANTINOPLE, APRIL 25.—The Greek Bishop of
Imbue has arrived at the Dardanelles. He relates, that on
the 24th of March 2,000 Albanians, under the command
of Captain Bino, who calls himself the Lieutenant of Cara-
tasso, landed on several points of the island, the population
of which is entirely Greek, After having plundered two
villages, they summoned the Primates to give them 10,000
piastres if they would not have the four remaining villages
suffer the same fate. About an hour after making this threat
they plundered a third village. After several parleys, which
led to no result, they embarked on the 26th in the evening,
saying they would soon return for the contribution which
they demanded. They carried away 15 Furks, whom they
had made prisoners, out of the 150 who composed the
garrison of the island ; and they carried off 57 women and
girls, after having treated them extremely ill. From 'm-
hos they sailed to Thaxos, where, it is known, they com-
mitted similar excesses. The Pacha of the Dardanelles
has refused the inhabitants of Imbos permission to quit
their island, and has sent them a reinforcement of 60 men.
" Twenty-six heads arrived from Prevesa on the 14th
of April, and have been exposed. They were those of
some Albanian Chiefs who kept up a correspondence with
the Greeks in the Morea.

" On the 20th, Saida Effendi, lately Reis Effendi, died
suddenly at the Capitan He had just taken his
supper, and was beginning his prayer, when he complained
of pain, and expired a moment after. The physicians are
of opinion that he died a natural death from apoplexy ; yet
it was reported that he was poisoned. He seemed to have
a presentiment of it; for the same day, going to visit the
Mosque of Ejub, he had expressed a wish to be buried
there. He has been interred there with much pomp, by
order of the Sultan, who did not seem much to regret him,
though in a former illness he manifested great solicitude
about his health. The Grand Vizier is much affected at
the death of Saida, who was generally beloved and esteemed.
" On the 21st the Sultan visited incognito the great
street of Pera. He spoke to several of the persons whom
he met, and remarked the palaces of the legation. He en-
tered some shops, where he left marks of his generosity.—
These promenades show a change in his habits ; he seems
to take pleasure in them, and for some time past he has
been seen visiting in this manner the streets and bazaars of
Constantinople. . . .

" The division of the squadron which has been anchored
for some time off J3eshiktosh sailed to-day for the Darda-
nelles, under the command of Thair Paella. It consists
of one ship of the line, one frigate, and five corvettes ; it
is going to join the Riala Bey, who went before to the
White Sea. As for the Capitan Bey and the Patrona Bey,
they have remained constantly at sea. The former has ar-
rived at Alexandria, where he will concert measures with
Mehemet Ali ; and the latter is at Navarino.
" The son of the Prince of Walachia, who was sum-
moned before the Grand 'Vizir, went with the young Ar-
menian whom Le had married : he was ill treated and se-
parated from her by violence. He implored the support
of the Russian Minister, and met with a refusal. He had
presented a petition to the Sultan, which was equally un-
successful. He has been sent to Bucharest, accompanied
by Muhardar, second to the Grand Vizir, who is said to
have orders to bring back his brother.
" The credit of the Armenian nation is exerted against
all those who were suspected of having favoured him ; two
are already in the bagnio, and search is making for several
others.
