age itself, flinging down the fragment of its existence
upon the altars of its eountiy.—( Loud cheers.) When
the 29th of NoVatbbr, 1830, gave the standard of Poland to
the winds, tine absorbing feeling appeared to pervade all
tiasses and professions of the people. The, cell of the country
pealed alike upon the car of ttle litzl'iatit at his plough, and the
Prince in his pkwrh....0.11. trader forgot his traffic—:..
recluse
and teattlWative student flung aside Lis book—the wily cry
WAS for the sword—the only question, where It WAS to be first
employed upon the oppressor of their country,_4dheering.)
They fell upon the foe with the sudden and terrible berSt of
the tornado. The Imperial Viceroy, cowardly as cruel, fled
trembling from his Palace. Warsaw Was won. After more
than fifty years of suspended animation, Poland was again a
people.—( Cheers.) Alas, my Lord, that by a
.dispensation
of that Providence whose decree we dare rot td the
close of the contest was destined to ditalfliblhl ihe glory of its
beginning. It seemed as if the 'measure of the iniquity of a
remorseless and exubi:
ig tyrant had not then been at the
full. It seem''
_-, as if-one other page had still to be added
to the record of his crimes, displaying deformities still more
'revolting and disgraceful.—( Hear, hear.) This most ex-
plicit and imperial expounder of the principle of "millions
made for one," after a course of ten months, marked by a
hundred sanguinary' contests, most of them, too, being glo-
rious successes, the revolution, overwhelmedby numbers,
terminated in defeat—in defeat) my Lord, but never in dis-
honour.—( Cheering.) Hand to hand, and breast to breast,
the gallant soldiers fought their last battle for their country ;
and they fell by hundreds and by thousands upon her soil,
grasping in their dying hands, as the latest relics of their free-
dom, the good swords with which they had combated to the
death for the liberties of their native land.—(Cheers.) De-
voutly do I pray, my Lord, that the acclamations of this night
may reach the hearts of the survivors of the heroic men, in the
darkest corners of their dispersion, and convey to them—to
such minds the noblest of all consolations—the strong assurance
of our most affectionate respect and admiration. As for the
cold and paltry querists whose hesitating wisdom has disputed
the propnety and advantage of such a demonstration, I would
tell *ltem to seek their answer here. I wish they could behold,
as I do, the aspect of this large assembly, whose universal
heart is throbbing as that of a single man, with what I will
rank among the noblest emotions of our nature, a sympathy
for insulted and suffering virtue, and an indiemant horror of the
blood-stained tyrant who has exalted himself upon its ruin.
Especially, my Lo.td, I wish that such' men could contemplate
as I do, the illustrious strangers, once the champions of the
noblest cause in which the sword was ever drawn—still the ex-
amples and the depositaries of its pure and patriotic principles,
whose presence honours and hallows this high festival, and
could ask of them what they think of the utility of such an as-
sociation ? My Lord, I presume to re-assert the proposition
that we are not here in support of faction, or of party, but of the
common interest of enlightened men. Here, my Lord, and in
ouch places, as this, is matured and strengthened, if not the phy-
sical force, at least the moral energy which heaven itself' has
implanted in our nature, to redeem mankind from the odious-
ness of their OWn corruptions. The spirit which the Polish
army has displayed, is no other than that which Scotland also
has displayed in the days of now, fortunately, far by-gone
times, when the broadswords of her brave and trampled sons
hewed out their gallant paths to honour and independence.—
( Great cheering.) It is not here, therefore, that the obliga-
tion, alike that of interest as of inclination, of aid and encou-
ragement to Poland will be disregarded or denied. For
where, I would ask, is that degenerate Scotsman who has not
long since learned to sorrow o'er thel story of her fall, or
whose freshest emotions have not been awakened by an im-
mortal bard of our own land, by whom in divinest strains that
story has been sung? What recreant is there here who has
not long since joined in the magnificent invocation :
" Departed spirits of the mighty dead !
Ye who at Marathon and Lemtra bled :
Friends of the world, restore your swords to man ;
Fight in his sacred cause, and lead the van :
Yet for Sarmatra's tears of blood atone,
And make her arm puissant as your own :
Oh ! once again to Freedom's cause return,
The patriot Tell, the Bruce of Bannockburn."
Aye, my Lord, and let us rely upon it the prayers of the in-
dignant poet will not fall unheard. Tell will return, and Bruce
return • for so long as the Edwards and the Geyslers remain
upon the earth, so long will there be found men ready and fit
to champion up that undying cause, of which these heroic
names are but the representatives below. With the Polish
army in general allow me to associate the names of Dwernicki
and Dembinski, both of them high in its command, and both
of them, but especially Dwernicki, among the bravest of the
brave.—( Immense cheering.) Dedicating, therefore, the
present toast to the honour of the Polish army, let us rest in
the sure and fervent hope that the time is hut little distant, when
strong in the strength of long accumulated wrongs, that army
will again issue forth to victory, and the obscene and hideous
idol which now deforms their sanctuary, will fall prostrate be-
fore the ark of their purer and holier covenant.—(Long con-
tinued cheering.)
The following toasts were then given :—" The Memory of
Kosciuszko," " Thomas Campbell," " The Full and Final
Emancipation of the Slaves," &c.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The address of Mr. O'Connell to the Reformers of
Ireland, is an eloquent and argumentative appeal to his
countrymen to come forward and merge all particular
differences in a determined effort to support the pre-
sent liberal and impartial Government, and by union
and energy to prevent, in as far as their efforts can
avail, the advent of another Tory Administration, the
consequences of which he shadows forth with minute
and frightful accuracy. 'Well, indeed, may the Irish
people be convinced that their chances of good and
peaceful government are bound up with the stability of
the Melbourne Administration. The state to which
Ireland would be brought by another Tory or Orange
Administration, is not a matter of conjectural specula-
tion; and we cannot wonder that the oppressed popu-
lation of that country, and their eloquent advocate, are
disposed to cling to the patriotic Government, which
alone stands between them and another long night of
persecution, accompanied, as it would undoubtedly be,
with insurrection and bloodshed. It is of the most
vital importance for our countrymen, in both islands,
to reflect deeply upon this all important truth ; and it
is certainly not the less so, when a wily politician_
ever the evil genius of his party, and whose extended,
though superficial acquirements are equalled only by
his treacherous cunning, coupled with an entire ab-
sence of all those feelings which naturally link men
together in the support of a great cause, and give
character and lustre to political strife—is practising in
the dark those weapons which Nature has put in his
hands, and seeking by deceitful means to break up an
Administration which stands in the way of his realizing
the vain dreams of his own insane ambition. But to re-
turn to O'Connell's letter : the effect produced by the
virulent and unremitted attacks of the Tory press upon
the Catholic Clergy are powerfully described, and the
services which this maligned body of men render
to their poor parishioners, are described with
affecting eloquence. A call is made upon liberal
Protestants to join, heart and hand, in the common
cause of justice and Reform : this call will, we trust,
be responded to throughout the island. It is not
against Protestantism, but against the abuses and
exactions of ascendancy—not against British, but
against Orange Government, that the Catholics of
Ireland are at present ranged. Let us take care how
we refuse the present equitable demands of our Irish
countrymen for good and equal government—at all
events, it is not upon Reformers that the onus will
lie ; but their union and energy, in support of men
who are disposed to carry out the principles of a
liberal and impartial policy, were never more necessary
than at the present period, when all that influence and
intrigue can do is set in action to injure the Govern-
ment, and mar the cause of effectual Reform.--
Morning Chronicle.

The publication of the Advertiser was delayed yes-
terday morning in order to give insertion to an account
of the Polish Dinner in Edinburgh, and which ap-
peared exclusively in the columns of this paper. We
expected that Scotland would on this occasion evince
a strong manifestation of sympathy for• Poland ; but
the eloquence, enthusiasm, and intensity of feeling
which animated the assembly surpassed our most
ardent anticipations. Let it not be supposed that the
cheers which hailed every sentiment favourable to the
Polish cause will die ineffective on the breeze ; on

the contrary, wherever the spirit of freedom breathes,
they will swell to a louder and louder tone, till
reaching the palace of the Autocrat himself, he will
tremble at the shout with which the vindicators of
Poland's wrongs will proclaim their determination to
free her from her thraldom. Perish the thought that
it is now too late to regenerate Poland 1 True, she
is prostrate ; the elements of her independence are
scattered ; but still there is not only a hope, but a
certainty, that she will yet arise—call around her
exiled sons, and strike another blow for liberty and
vengeance. For their own sakes, the free spirits of
Europe must foster and cherish their heroic brothers,
which Poland has confided to their charge. While a
single Pole lives, there is hope for Poland's regenera-
tion. Nor can her oppressor ever feel safe, when the
sword that might be plunged in his bosom would be
viewed by every righteous judgment rather as an in-
strument of atonement than assassination. English-
men, as was eloquently observed, " cannot conceive
the bitterness of the slavery which crouches be-
neath a foreign and barbarian yoke—or the double
galling of the chain, in which an inferior half-civi-
lized master holds a superi6r, a civilized, a high.
