;ract

MADAWASKA AFFAIRS.-Tly a Gentleman, who ar-
rived on Monday evening from Fredericktown in the steam-
boat, we are informed that on Thursday evening, a person
called General Baker, an American, was brought from
Madawaska, by Edward W. Miller, Esq., High Sheriff of
the county of York, and lodged in Fredericktown goal. We
understand that the offence he is charged with, and upon
which he has been taken into custody, was for stepping the
ruail, resisting a peace-officer in the discharge of his duty,
and for exciting and stirring-up a spirit of sedition,
insurrection, and revolt amongst the people. A few
weeks ago, several persons being indignant at the vio-
lent and very reprehensible conduct of Baker, volun-
teered their services to go in company with the Sheriff,
to apprehend him. After they had proceeded some
distance on their journey, and it was fopnd that they
were armed, the Attorney-General sent- an express after
them, and prevented their proceeding. A few days after
this, the Sheriff, unattended by any person, went himself.
When arrived within a short distance of Baker's residence,
be fell in with some Americans; who guessed his business,
and calculating, by his answers to their questions, what his
object way, they determined to anticipate him, and took a
different route, intending to apprize Baker. In this they
were disappointed ; the Sheriff arrived at Baker's house
before they came up, and apprehended him. With the
assistance of some Frenchmen who volunteered their services,
Baker was secured, and the next morning they took their
departure for Frederiektown. Shortly after their departure,
and while they were yet in view, the American flag was
hoisted. on the spot by some persons, perhaps by the Ame-
ricans already mentioned. The Sheriff's loyalty and zeal
Was stirred op at seeing this, and he thought of landing to
pull it down, lie, however, thought it prudent to desist,
and quietly potted his journey, and arrived at Frederick-
town at the time mentioned:

Extract of a letter from Zante, dated Oct.
26 All the Franks found at Patras have been mas-
sacred by the Turks."
Extract of a letter from Trieste, dated Nov.
but has given orders to
vessels in slavery, and to
6p
u: —" icrewsßßAHol f)4 adl oesE
nu
root preealne
sequestrate every description of property and vessels be-.
longing to the subjects of the Allied Powers."
INFORMATION ON GOOD AUTHORITY.--
Lord St. VINCENT'S death was announced in a letter frank-
ed by his Lordship's own hand.
The following note was handed to a grave-
digger in this town lately Sir, Please open a
grave for the bearer ; he will show the number of it him-
self."—Paisley Advertiser
