3-Tir ,14 *IMO
vo.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, MAY 16, 1834.

The ratifications of the treaty have been re-
ceived from Madrid, the accounts from whence
confirm the statements we have made of the
great joy which its arrival diffused amongst all
classes of the people. A large army is ready
to join the force already in Portugal, and there
can be no doubt that the affair will be speedily
:settled. Don MIGUEL and his friend DOn CAR-
Los may retire when they please—soon they cer-
tainly must—from the Peninsula, and whether
they join the family party of CHARLES the
Tenth, or comfort the Duchess of BERRY in
her retirement, is of little consequence to the
Spaniards or Portuguese. A new and happier
order of things has been commenced, and the
reign of tyranny and priestcraft, in all parts of
the Peninsula, will soon cease for ever. Such
will be the effect of the new alliance—the
consequence of that good understanding be-
tween England and France which has given
so much annoyance to, and is still regarded with
so much dread by, the Holy Alliance despots
and their intriguing and crafty but yet mis-
guided and misguiding Ministers.
The proceedings at Frankfort and in Switzer-
land will, we have no doubt, end in a manner
the least accordant with the views of their
cunning and arbitrary promoters. In Switzer-
land, and we hope in Frankfort, the attempt to
dogmatise and establish deipotic sway will
meet with resistance. The friends of free-
dom will unite as well as its enemies, and the
end will be, that Italy, Switzerland, and thefree
states of Germany, will, at no distant period,
join the PEACEFUL ALLIANCE. England
has done well to take the lead in its formation ;
and those of our countrymen and contempora-
ries who have at all times encouraged the
union of France and England, as the
best security for the peace of the world, may
well congratulate themselves and the Govern-
ment, on the result of their united labours.
The time may not be distant when Egypt, and
even regenerated Turkey, will desire to become
members of this new association ; and thus the
progress of despotism may be checked without
the expense and the horrors of war. The sword
may rust in its scabbard, while the school-
master, the reformer, and the negotiator,' are
doing their work more easily, and in the end
far more successfully, than the warrior ever did.
" Two things," said Mr. Fox on his death-bed,
" I most earnestly desire—the peace of Europe,
and the abolition of slavery ;" both have been
completed by his disciples and successors.

The letters by the Pike from Lisbon have
been anticipated by those brought by the Afri-
can steamer. The QUEEN'S cause is going
on very prosperously, and the government and
people are in high spirits. PEDRO was in the
country, or the ratification of the treaty would
nave been completed immediately. The Duke
of TERCEIRA has been very successful.

The Reindeer packet from Rio Janeiro has
reached Falmouth, she brings accounts to the
2d March. It appears that business in the
city was very stagnant, and not good in the
country. A change of ministry was expected.
Exchange, 44 ; Stock, 52.
The Government of Buenos Ayres have re-
commended to the Representatives of the Pro-
vinces to consolidate all the Public Funds in
on. of 6 per cent., and to make some new re-

gulatitus 'restird tie the currency, the divi-
dends, -aiia tht ultimate liquidation of the debt. ,
MO DE JANEIRO, FEB. 2'2.—The Corroo f.V.Vttit of 4
his date contains, first, a letter fiom &Vit. Berto da Silva
Usboa, Minister for Foreign AtOrs, soliciting his Majesty
.o allow him to resign his office ; second, a decree of the
Regency aceepling, in the name of the Emperor, the resig-
lation of the Minister ; and third, a decree giving the De-
partment of Foreign Affairs, ad interim, to Senor Atireli-
Imo de Louga Oliveira Continho, Minister of IttAive. M.
Benjamin Mary was presented to his itspsty on the 18th
February, on his arrival in this casitAilts Charge d'Affaires
from his Majesty the King of fit@ Belgians.—Correio
cial, to March fi

We iet:rn from the Paris Papers received
this morning, that the French Chamber of
Deputies has agreed to the supplementary cre-
dit of 36,000,000 f. asked for by the Minister
of War. The Moniteur states that the former
officers of the National Guards have been cho-
sen again, or promoted to higher ranks.
The 6th Regiment of Light Infantry has
provoked the displeasure of the Minister of
War ; some of the sub-officers having circulated
a song, the chorus of which says, " but on the
people never, no never fire."
They write from Bayonne, that a Courier
from Madrid communicated the fact, that the
loan of two millions sterling had been con-
cluded by the Spanish Government.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, May 14.
Five per Cents., 10.5 f. 70c 75c. 70c.
Four per Cents., 94f. 20c.
Three per Cents., 79f 60c. 55c.
National Loan, 105 f 65c.
Bank Actions, I,Blof. 1815 f.
Rente de Naples, 9"f. 85c.
Roman Five per Cents.,
Rente d'Epagne. Five per Cents., 29
Ilente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 44%.
!lova Spanish Loan, 84%.
Rcnte Perpet. d'F.spaene. Five per Cents., 73%
Belgian Loan, 1831, Five per Cent. 99.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
I one month, pater, 25f. 35r. ; money, 25f. 35c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 25c.; money, 25f.
rs Authentigue.

Towards the close of the sitting last night in
the House of Commons, Mr. HALCOMB
moved for a select committee to inquire into the
state of the harbours of Kent and Sussex. On
a division the votes in favour of the motion
amounted to the exact sum of 0 I
