111011 S

" GENTLEMEN OF THE HOUSE OF COMMON-8,

" I have directed the Estimates for the ensuing year to
be prepared and to be laid before you without delay.

" They have been framed with the strictest attcn-

Lion to economy ; and, I have the satisfaction of
acquainting yox that the total amount of the demands of
the public service, will be less on the present than it has
been on any former occasion, within our recent experience.
" The satisfactory state of the Trade and Commerce
of the country, and of the Public Revenue, fully
justifies the expectation, that, notwithstanding the
reductions in taxation, which were made in
the last Session, and _which, when they shall
have taken full circa, will tend to diminish
the existing Surplus of the Public Revenue, there
will rbmain a sufficient Balance to meet the ad-
ditional Annual Charge, which will arise from providing
the compensation granted by Parliament on account of the
abolition of slavery throughout the British dominions.
" I deeply lament that the Agricultural interest conti-
nues in a state of great depression.
" I recommend .to your serious consideration whether
it may not be in your power, after providing for the
Exigencies of the Public Service, and consistently with the
steadfast maintenance of the public credit, to devise a
method for mitigating the pressure of those local
charges, which bear heavily on the owners and occupi-
ers of land—and for distributing the burden of them more
equally over other descriptions of property.
" MY LORDS AND GENTLEMEN,

" The information received from the Governors
of my Colonies, together with the Acts passed,
in execution of the law for the abolition of slavery,
will be communicated to you. It is with much satis-
faction that I have observed the general concur-
rence of the Colonial Legislatures in giving effect to these
important measure ; and notwithstanding the difficulties
with which the subject is necessarily attended, I have seen no
reason to abate my earnest hopes of a favourable issue. Under
all circumstances, you may be assured of my anxious desire
and unceasing efforts fully to realize the benevolent inten-
tions of Parliament.

" There are many important subjects, some of which
have already undergone partial discussion in Par-
liament the adjustment of which, at as early a
period as is consistent with the mature considera-
tion of them, would be of great advantage to the
the Public Interests.

" Among the first in point of urgency, is the state of the
Tithe Question in Ireland—and the means of effecting
an equitable and final adjustment of it.
" Measures will be proposed for your consideration, which
will have for their respective objects—to promote the com-
mutation of tithe in England and Wales—to improve
our civil jurisprudence, and the administration of jus-
tice in ecclesiastical causes, to make provision for
the more effectual maintenance of ecclesiastical discipline,
and to relieve those who dissent from the doctrines or dis-
cipline of the Church, from the necessity of celebrating
the ceremony of marriare, according to its rites.
" I have not yet received the Report from the Commis-
sioners appointed to inquire into the state of Municipal
Corporations, but I have reason to believe that it will
be made, and that I shall be enabled to communicate it
to you, at an early period.

" I have appointed a Commission for considering the state
of the several dioceses in England and Wales, with reference
to the amount of their revenues, and to the more equal dis-
tribution of the episcopal duties ; the state of the several
Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, with a view to
the suggestion of such measures as may render them
most conclusive to the efficiency of the Established Church ;
and for devising the best mode of providing for the cure o
souls, with reference to the residencd of the Clergy in their
respective Benefices.

" The especial object which I have in view in the ap-
pointment of this Commission is, to extend more widely
the means of Religious worship according to the Doc-
trines of the Established Church, and to confirm its
hold upon the veneration and affections of my people.
_ _ _ _ _

" I feel it also incumbent upon me to call your attention
to the condition of the Church of Scotland, and to the means
by which it may be enabled to increase the opportunities
of religious worship, for the poorer classes of society, in
that part of the United Kingdom. It has been my
duty en this occasion to direct your consideration to various
important matters connected with our domestic policy.
" I rely with entire confidence on your willing co-operation
in perfecting all such measures as may be calculated to re-
move just causes of complaint; and to promote the concord
and happiness of my subjects.

" I rely also, with equal confidence, on the caution
and circumspection with which you will apply yourselves
to the alteration of Laws, which affect my extensive and
complicated interests, and are interwoven with ancient
usages, to which the habits and feelings of my
have conformed. people

" I feel assured, that it will be our common object
in supplying that which may be defective, or in
renovating that which may be impaired, to strengthen
the foundations of those institutions in Church
and state, which are the inheritance and birthright of my
people ; and which, amidst all the vicissitudes of public
affairs, have proved, under the blessing of ALMIGHTY GOD,
the surest guarantees of their Liberties, their Rights, and
their Religion."

As soon as the Speech was delivered, the Commons
withdrew, and his MAJESTY retired with the usual
ceremonies, and returned to St. James's Palace by the

same route.

The Government, if we are to rely upon its organs,
has officially declared its determination to " nail its co-
