their interests, he contrived to make all Eurcpe tl.e instru-
ment of his schemes.
The Muscovites might well have flattered themselves at
that time that the vast and defi'ing' project of their great
Czar wa3on the we of accomplishment, and that no power
rernalne.. to check their progress to an univetsel Sclavonian
monarchy. Tho blood shed daring so rtetriy rears over
the whole Surface of the globe tiy the Mr's of Poland had
settle into the groun4 iiiii:Rsenged. Treaties concluded
withoet their 'c7diiiietit or participation have abandoned
theni into the sanguinary hands of their murderers ; for the
id 6) hastily adopted, and defective guarantees of the
treaty of Vienna were known ens! Intended, at least by
the Cabinet of St, Ptt6islourgh, to be, what they have
since proved., Ulierly ineffectual, to protect Poland, though
rafileient in the eyes of her Pretended, :fiends, but re-al
betrayers, to palliate their neglect and abandonment of
her, and of the most precious rights of nations. Accor-
dingly, the Muscovites, encouraged by past success, and
their experience of the supineness of the Governments
of Europe, proceeded immediately to the further devc-
Inpement of the gigantic plan of Peter 1., and employing
precisely the same means by which they had succeeded in
subjugating Poland, induced those Goyeeoments to assist
them in their schemes against Turkey, the conquest of
which they regarded as tho first and necessary result of
the annihilation of Poland.
How far in this, as in former instances, Russia was just
in her estimate of European fallibility, is shown by the no
less surprising than undeniable fact, that the English broad-
sides at Navarino had no other effect, than that of esta-
blishing her suprolnacy at Constantinople, Well might she
think that it her grasp were near the destinies of craven,
inisgui(le,d, and corrupted tarope.
Ville can ba astrprised after this, if emboldened and
elated by moth astonishing success, the Czar attempted to
seize the opportunity, apparently offered to him by the
French revolution of July, 1830, of springing by one bold
step to the very summit of his hopes, and overwhelming
with his barbarous hordes the civilized countries of the
west. If he deemed he had then the power of extinguish-
ing for ever the, to him, hateful and fatal light of know-
ledge wad freedom, and of annihilating at a blow every li-
beral institution, acquired by the blood of millions and the
scientific toil of ages.
The nations beheld with awe the tempest approaching
from the north, and recalled too late to their memory, a
series of errors and follies, if not of crimes, whose "house-
quente now threatened all their dearest interests with de-
struction. In the whole crowd of selfish politicians and
narrow-minded diplomatists, who, unable to sympathise
with the virtues, or appreciate the high destiny of Poland,
had uttered her to fall unassisted, and who imagine that
when the name of a country is effaced from the political
map, its national existence is likewise at an end, there
breathed not one who dreamed of beholding the Polish
soldiers of the Czar obey aught but the behests of their
treaty-assigned ruler. Fortunately the Czar was of the
same belief, and actually ordered the Polish troops under
the command of his brother Constantine, to become the
van-guard of the vast invading force of barbarism, whose
tents were once more to be pitched in the Champs Ely-
sees, whose savage appetites were to be glutted with
the blood of free Prance. But Poland disappointed the
base forebodings of diplomacy, and confounded the pre-
sumptuous hopes of the Czar.
Poland, who, notwithstanding her disappearance from
the map of Europe, was animated with a national, inde-
structible life, and true as ever to her glorious nature, and
her vocation of the defender of civilization and liberty—.
Poland, ever watchful, not over the interests and fate of
transitory, time-serving, and vacillating cabinets, but
the immutable and eternal rights and interests of na-
tions, on the first notice of an attempt dangerous to their
liberties, issued forth from her supposed grave, and pro-
claiming aloud her purpose and her wrongs, once more
alone and unaided, took the gauntlet of the giant chain,
pion of violence and arbitrary power. In an instant the
Polish army, from being the van-guard of Nicholas's forces,
became the van-guard of the civilized nations of Europe.
The strugglembetween despotic and liberal opinions, be-
tween the powers of light and of darkness, began on the
banks of the Vistula instead of the Seine. Under the pro-
tecting buckler of the Polish legions, which checked the
advance of the Czar, France forewarned of her danger had
time to arm, while England recruited her national and po-
litical strength, by the achievement of her great Parliamen-
tary Reform.
The victories of a handful of Poles over the countless
forces of their foe arc well known ; they showed to asto-
nished and admiring Europe of what efforts the love of
country and freedom render men capable ; they showed
to her how powerful, virtuous, and brave a guardian of
her independence she possessed in forgotten and in-
jured Poland ; and awakened at. length to a sense
of her merits, her usefulness, her lofty destiny ; th,e
nations of Europe panted to second and emulate her
generous and heroic exertions in the common cause, but
the cabinets remained deaf, as heretofore, to the voice of
public opinion, and unable or unwilling to comprehend their
duties towards the children of Sarmatia ; and when, after
a year's struggle, she hrough the faults -and vaccillation
of her chiefs, succumbed again for a time to the overwhelm-
ing forces of her oppressor ; she heard with indignation and
disgust, too deep to be described, one of the Ministers of
France proclaiming in the Chamber of Deputies, " Order
reigns at Warsaw! !!" If that Minister, whose false and
deceitful promises of assistance occasioned the faults and
fatal delays of the Polish chiefs, could but, for one instant,
have looked into futurity, or risen to the height of the
spirit of the age he has dishonoured, he would have shrunk
with horror from uttering those insulting and cruel words,
which will cling to his memory through all ages, and for
ever expose him to the scorn 'and pity of all generous
minds. He who wishes to know what is the order
that reigns at Warsaw and over the whole of Poland, let
him go and look on her fields, sown with bones of her
warriors, and fertilized with the blood of her daughters
and children ; on her wasted hamlets, desolated towns,
and ruined churches ; on the fettered victims, worn with
toil, care, and disease, that groan in Siberia's horrible
mines! Let him go and listen to the prayer, that night and
morning rises to heaven from the lips of every true Pole
that still is left living in the land of his fathers ! The
Polish nation quitted the field of battle with the cheering
and glorious conviction, that though deserted and aban-
doned, it had fulfilled the great purpose it had avowed
and proclaimed at its up-rising in its manifesto and appeal
to Europe.

test of the indestlnctibility of .Poland is its past history ;
and the actually existing and urgent necessity for iig.t6tto-
ration to a separate existence as a powerful and independent
state for the safety and welfare of the ,great family of ci-
vilized nations, The tittle is When nations taught.
by a long and bitter eXpOriende, ilia exercise of -in-
creased knowledge, and the discharge of their supreme
Ind undoubted. right of self,govornment, will no longer
suffer their rulers to overlook or betray; trifle with or neg-
lect, their best interests; Thzi.- time It ednie fdr practically
demonstrating:lll6 gedat truth which lleland alone has long
pelt and acknowledged, that all the civilized nations must
form, intimately connected, and mutually dependent parts,
of one and the same political system, revolving around the
Terious and central principle of frcedom as plapqg d
t roan
the sun.
The Polish nation, strong in this belief, is linnly per-
suaded, that although the duration of her sufferings may
be protracted, she must inevitably and finally be victorious.
Of all the people of Europe whose sympathy has been
excited by the long struggle of Poland against the iniquitous
aggressions of the Muscovite and his two allies, none has in-
spired her with greater delight, and a more confident hope
of near independence, than the British. The ancient re-
lations of friendship which existed for ages between the
two countries are still alive in the memory of old men.
Poland, with regret mingled with pleasure, looks back to
the times when, for the merchandizes of Great Britain she
used to send from her crowded ports corn, timber, and
other productions of her fruitful soil ; when the flourishing
factories of English- merchants, established in all the towns
along the coast of the Baltic, enjoyed equal privileges with
the Poles themselves.

The modern Poles cursing the invaders that severed these

relations, so advantageous to both countries, arc looking
with joy to new tiei of friendship and co-operation with the
Brifsh nation, the most powerful protector of liberty and
civilization on the earth. And it is but just to give her
this title. The whole of mankind rightly expects its re-
demption from tyranny at the hands of a nation, who,
prizing freedom above all earthly things, is the foremost in
imparting its blessings to others, who employs its mighty
power not in making new conquests, but in defending the
oppressed, to whom Belgium, Spain, and Portugal, are
greatly indebted for their success in throwing off the yoke
of their respective tyrants.
The strong and universal opinion entertained by the Bri-
tish nation concerning Russia, the chief foe of all liberty
and independence, is the best proof that the further expec-
tations of mankind will not be disappointed. The ambi-
tious designs of the Czars against the East Indies, which
they did not fear to avow publicly, and which are confirmed
by all their proceedings in Persia and Turkey, show clearly to
the British that the time is come when an effectual cheek
must be given to the progress of this insatiable tyrant, and
her powerful assistance be given to rid the already oppressed
of his iron sway, and free the world from the fear of his fu-
ture aggressions. One word of the English Government
diminished the influence of Russia in Persia, and restored a
partial security and hope to the Sultan waverinc, on his pre-
carious throne. Turkey ere long be obliged to Britain
for' her safety and independence, and the opportunity of
leisure to achieve those salutary changes which will render
her worthy of ranking amongst civilized nations. But, it
were a great mistake to imagine that all this even will be
sufficient to deprive the Czar of means of injuring mankind.
Supposing even that the shores of the Black Sea should re-
turn to their ancient masters, that they would not deter
Russia from watichinn• some favourable moment for seizing
upon them, when by fomenting dissensions in Europe,
through the medium of her Polish possessions, she should
have succeeded, as so often heretofore, in divesting the re-
gards of other governments from the real objects of her plots.
It were equally a great mistake to imagine that Russia
will renounce her views of conquest so long as her su-
premacy in the north of Europe and in the states of the
German confederacy, a supremacy which cannot be
weakened by the diminution of her maritime power, gives
her an almost decisive voice in all great continental
transactions. Consequently, the annihilation of her in-
fluence in Turkey alone is by no means sufficient for the
safety of Europe.
In order to put a stop to the contemplated conquests of
the Czar, the whole of ancient, undivided, Poland must
he restored. This is the only way of confining Russia
to her natural limits, in which, without having the power
of wronging others, she may in time learn to appre-
ciate the blessings of civilization, and become a useful
member of the society of enlightened nations. This was
strongly felt, and fullyappreciated by Napoleon, who, ac-
tuated by political reasons alone, determined to restore
to Poland her ancient frontiers, in order to entrust her

with the protection of civilized Europe ; and subsequent
events have left no doubt of the wisdom of his views

and the necessity of this expedient.
Such being the case, will Britain, who, independently of
more important political reasons, owes it to her own dig-
nity and fame, and to the spirit of the age, of which she,is
the hope and ornament, to punish the invaders and tyrants
of the world, and to render justice to their victims. _ Will
she remain deaf to the calls upon her to assist in achieving
this great crowning act of that justice, this important con-
summation of universal peace and utility, and of the safety
of Christendom ? It cannot be, but should the worst ar-
rive, should even Britain, contrary to all our hopes and
expectations, be found unable or unwilling to appreciate
the mighty and illustrious destiny to which events in-
vite her, neither the former ingratitude, nor the present
indifference of Europe, will avail to throw Poland into
such despair as to induce her to doubt the mercy
and justice of heaven, or lead her to unite with the
oppressors of Europe, and assist them in forging
chains for the rest of mankind. No, nothing can shake
her trust, her faith, in the sacredness of her cause ; her
conviction that the crimes committed against her will be
avenged. Even the sufferings and torments which would

have eternally subdued the ;hit of any other nation less
confident than her, in the justice and grandeur of its views,
have only created in the Polish nation a still greater thirst
for independence, and a stronger detestation of those who
endeavour to bereave her of that treasure. That trust,
that conviction, that faith, ever throb in each Polish heart,
and engender from the ashes of the patriots who have fallen,
new, and more numerous disciples of the cause for which
they bled and died. 'The unfortunate issue of the last war
has not in the least weakened her hope of better times.

From the elevated station to which Poland in the midst of
all her woes is raised by conscious virtue, she smiles at all
the furious threats of the Czar, as the martyrs of old in
the midst of their tortures raised towards heaven their con-
filent and serene raze.

If," said the concluding lines of the manifesto, " the
freedom of Poland is to succumb under the ruins of her
towns and bodies of her defenders, our foe will reign but
Over a wilderness ; aed every true Pole will bear with him
in death, this consolation, that, if heaven allowed him not
to preserve his own freedom and his own country, he, at
least, by this mortal struggle, threw a shield, for a while,
around the menaced liberties of Europe."
Yes, for awhile, the legions of the Czar lay scattered over
the plains of unhappy Poland, in idle inactivity, repairing'
the losses, and healing the wounds received in the fierce
strife that had impeded their further advance ; but only for
awhile, again are they moving to the anticipated onslaught,
again arrayed and ready for a new crusade against civilization,
liberal institutions, and that Europe, that threw away so latQly
the opportunity of driving them back for ever to their frozen
steppes. The .Czar maddened by the overthrow of his most
cherished wishes, v;sited the Polish nation with the whole
fitry of his vengeance. His cruelties have surpassed all
those perpetrated by his ancestors on that devoted coun-
try. Ile has peopled Siberia and the wilds of Caucasus
with her citizens ; her universities are closed, her museums
and libraries transported to Russia. He has dispersed the
ministers of her faith, and converted their churches into
barracks for his soldiery, or made them serve for the rites
of the Greek Church, in order to compel the natives to
abandon, with the language, the religion of their forefathers.
The confiscated estates of the patriots he has diStributed
among his generals. Even females did not escape his per-
secuting ferocity—prOseriptions, chains, scourging, and tor-
ments, became the lot of the loveliest and noblest of their
sex. • It. were too long and too mournful a task to enume-
rate all the atrocities of the baffled Barbarian ; but among
the most violent and monstrous of them are the transplant-
ing, from their native homes, many thousands of peaceful
families to the wildernesses of the Russian steppes, and
the vearly tearing from their mother's arms thousands of
chilt.iren, to be educated in the Russian military schools,
and forced into the ranks of an army, destined to fight
against their own fathers : of these hapless victims, the
greater part being- unable to support the fatigue, priva-
tions, cold, and general cruelty of their treatment, are kit
to perish, and in death alone to find consolation and rest.
These two last crimes, unparalleled in history, show above
all others that Nicholas' intention is to annihilate or expa-
triao the whole Polish population ; • and against this, what
avails the so much talked of treaty, which awarded vague,
and imaginary, and instantly violated, privileges to but a
small portion of Poland. Treaty, whose artielis were sti-
pulated as it were in derision of her, and to minister to the
pride of her oppressor ; and which deserves notice only as
a proof of the manner in which Russia is wont to keep
her pledged faith, to adhere to her engagements, and treat
her allies.

The Polish army quitted the field of battle unsubdued ;
the Polish standards have not, been polluted by sub Mission ;
no voluntary oath of slavery to the Czar has dishonoured
Polish lips. The soil of Poland, bloody and in ruins, became
his prey, but the ancient spirit of her sons remaird uncon-
quered, and superior to all the caprices of fortune ; but fearing
lest the nations should mistake for the apathy of despair, the
grave-like silence that now prevails her houses, and is in-
terrupted only by the groans of anguish, that all the care
of the Czar cannot prevent from occasionally being heard
beyond her confines ; she has sent abroad thousands of her
sons under the shade of their national banners, as the evi-
dence of her existence ; she has sent thorn to study care-
fully, and to communicate to their, brethren at liniuc, the
first signs of her final resurrection ; she has ,sent them to
learn from the nations of the West those great social
sciences and truths by which the present age is so glo-
riously distinguished, that in returning home, they may
amend what was faulty in the political fabric of their fore-
fathers, and admitting the whole Polish people to full par-
ticipation in the blessing or that liberty they have proved
themselves so.well able to appreciate and (Vend ; she has
sent them to tell the freemen of Europe that her cause is
theirs—that Poland is still ready to draw the sword against
the common foe, and to beseech them, in the name of their
own best interests—in the name of justice and humanity,
to-assist her in the hour of strife.

Such is the office and mission of the Polish refugees'
spread through all the enlightened and liberal countries of
Europe, and presenting for the second time, since the dis-
memberment of Poland, the inspiring and unusual sight of
a fraction of a nation, preserving inviolably, and bearing to
foreign shores, their nationality ; and. wherever they roam,
animated but by one hope, toiling in word and deed but for
one object—the restoration of their native land. The
nations of Europe, by their reception of these
pilgrims of
patriotism and freedom, proved that they appreciated their
noble mission, and that they considered them as apostles
not only of Poland, but of mankind. For this reason it'
was, that when curses loud and universal were heaped on
the sacrilegious head of the spoiler of Poland, the march of
the intended victims of his cruelty through • German)'
prance, and Switzerland, was a greater triumph than alp
with which the gratitude of nations has ever honouree:
their saviours. No less friendly and sympathizing- senti-
ments met those of the Polish refugees, who were thrown
on the free shnres of Great Britain. A generous in-
dignation at their wrongs, and a feeling of abhorrence
at their foes became general throughout the British
islands. Meetings were on all sides called to give "
national expression to those feelings—Committees on all
sides formed to relieve the wants of the sttfferers. Nu-
merous Members of Parliament, amidst the unworthy and
universal silence of European Governments, •did not hesi-
tate to announce to the Czar, that the hour of revenge for
the blood of Poland was at band. The whole Parliament
so far participated in the persuasion entertained generally
by the nation of the inalienable rights of Poland, that the
remembrance of 'a mere doubt of those rights having been
expressed once by an English Peer, induced them to indig-
nantly demand and compel his resignation of the mission to
St. Petersburg, to which the Ministry had appointed. him.
With the unanimous assent also of Parliament., Govern-
ment itself came to the relief of the Refugees. Above.
011, the disgust lately evinced at the speech of Nicholas to

It is not to such treaties that the Polish nation looks for
rezeneration and freedom. The Czars, in this instant, as
formerly, have proved how superior they are to European
cabinets in diplomatic intrigue, and how contemptuously they
regard the idea of their interference. The kingdom of Po-
land instituted and guaranteed by the Congress of Vienna,
has long since been transformed into a Russian Province ;
and the government; which made themselves responsible for
its existence have patiently permitted this insulting outrage.
No ! the fate of Poland is not dependant upon any treaty,
or will of any despot. A nation of twenty millions cannot
Perish so long as it retains the moral consciousness of its
rights, and the sentiment of its national existence. Tile

.- - - -=•--
the dep:hation of IVarsaw, has filled their hearts with a •••• i! ! ..t- the nun_ber of the house. lie had ne
• • ' - l'Ullnowo to them. Thepublic press, with further details to give relative to the money advanced to
cwisoirttiou fun, ........ ,
e indignationg felt by Fieschi, or upon any other subject connected with this affair.
one vo:a?,.proclziiinad to the wont, ~...._. ,
pdaii,itl t,thlat:ll the throateneu u...:
!rover Examined by the Procureur-General.— Ilan, If he an 011 n
the wl:dle Inglish
of Poland; • atid Caused the' tj'fat-4 tO,
g•i.tiu 1 .1
tler upon 'his pr0i,.,.....,
•' •••R occasion denied a particular intimacy with Morey,
and himself surrounded by four police
throne: The prdcL,et t ligs; (), of are
.Prltish GoVetrittidnt it tir:l4 Wharne ..
-• lain his embarrassment nude:
in Turkey, tlic ltattiral ethiskldcace 6,f ivlneli riinst be the i•fficcrs, and h w:is easy to e.,
restoration of Poland; have causes the rteftivtes to hope, such circumstances. He was astoul,—
led at the accusation,
that they win, e'er 10g, bd called again to arms in the .ind had not the courage to reply directly to the question,
,:ause of nialdthid acid dfiji6ir country. The same hope •of the President ;be never received patriots at his 1::)ose :
thrills throigh the Wart of 4.411 Pc drit it is in, the name if he said so in his interrogatory, it must be attributed to
of that beloved country, that we nod' thicLeeii ifld British the state of stupefaction he was iii,
nation, and unroll before its face, once more her past, her Al: Dupont, counsel for Morey, observed that if Pepin
present, and her future hopes, certain as we are, that the had denied f/ilt intimacy with Morey, the latter had avowed
more the came of Poland Is examined and discussed, the it, and therefore it eorokl not be considered of a guilty
more it will oliallene the sympathy of all honest men. mature.

In the name of ,our country we ask of the British people
to inspire into the breasts of their representatives their own
enthusiastic persuasion of the importance of the restoration
of Poland, to impress upon Parliament the combined utility
and glory of assisting us to liberate our unhappy country
from the tyranny of the Russian Czar ; all doubts of whose
cruelties and crimes are at an cod since his address to the
deputation of Warsaw, an address which, while it confirms
all that has been told of the past, proclaims to the world
that, that past is nothing to what Poland may in future
expect.
But we make this appeal, not more to invite sympathy
for ourselves, than to arouse the British nation to a due
sense of their own interests, and of what may be their own
fate',.,if the plans of Nicholas are suffered to be realized.
And trusting that the sentiments we have here expressed,
and which were induced by our conviction of the general
interest taken in the fate of Poland by the British people,
will meet with their approbation, we anxiously but confi,
dently await the hour which shall call us back victorious
and free to the homes of our fathers, of the coming of which
hour we are as sure, as there is justice in heaven, and the
signal of whose approach we should hail with more gladness
from none than from the brave, the generous, the enter-
prising, the enlightened, the free people of Great Britain.
By order of the whole body of the
Polish Emigration, in London,
THE COMMITTEE.

PARIS.

INFERNAL MACHINE PLOT.
COURT OF PEERS, MONDAY, FEB. 1.
(Continued from The Sun of yesterday.)

TRIAL OF FIESCHT, PEPIN, MOREY, BOIREAU, AND BESCHER, FOR
THE CONSPIRACY TO TAKE AWAY THE KING'S LIFE BY
DIEANS OF THE INFERNAL MACHINE EMPLOYED ON THE 28TH

JULY, 1835.

Pieschi then demanded leave to speak. I was working
at the Barriere du Trone ; when I arrived they had begun
dinner, but M. Levaillant, the deputy and a magistrate—
a man of the Government, will tell you, when be is inter-
rogated, that they talked about some members of the Cham-
ber of Deputies, and of M. Salverte. M. Levaillant said
that he was one of the most assiduous of the deputies.
They afterwards named the great talents of the Chamber
M. Odillon Barrot, M. Mauguin' M. Berryer. He said
that M. Mauguin did not work ; but that, if be would do
so, he would become one of the most celebrated men. M.
Odillon Barrot did not work any more than he, but he was
a man of great talent. When the coffee came, M. Le-
vaillant spoke of the Chamber itself. We are waiting, said
he, for the end of the session, to present our budget ; we
are spending .15f. or 20f. a-day. If I had not perceived
the Legitimatist party enter the Chamber, I should not have
concerned myself about it. Pepin then said—But, M. Le-
vaillant, if the King should happen to die—if lightning—
if an earthquake—if an epidemic disease M.
Levaillant then said—What would you do then ? Laissons
bouillir k mouton. This is what I have already said, and I
say it again.

The President questioned Pepin upon his connexion with
the Prince de Rohan. He stated in reply that the Prince
gave him an order for goods every winter ; that he ap-
peared interested in his behalf ; that Fieschi might have
heard that the Prince was coming to his house, it not being
a usual thing for a Prince to alight at a roturier's. The
Prince had told him that he did not see any thing of Ge-
neral de Damns, because he was a compiler of biographies;
their conversation turned chiefly upon the subject of manu-
factures.

The President—Did you not also talk politics together ?
—A little.
What was the nature of your 'conversation ?—Since the
Prins° is not present, I do not, know whether I ought to
make known his political opinions. I begged him to inte-
rest himself for Fieschi with M. de Damas.
What was the nature of the political conversation which
took place between you and M. de Rollin ?—We spoke of
the passing events of the day. M. de Rohan styled him-
self a patriot.
When he called himself a patriot, did you not under-
stand that by that word he meant a Republican ?—(After
somelesitation)—Yes.
Did M. de Rohan say nothing of the King or his family,
or the present form of Government ?—I now recollect that
he called himself a relation of the King.
What conclusion did he wish to draw from that fact ?
I cannot say ; but he told me that he never went to the
Tuileries.

Did he state why ?—He did not.
Fieschi being called upon by the President to state what
he knew on this subject, replied, that Pepin had told him
that M. de Rohan was a Republican and a relative of
Louis Philip, but he was not in the habit of seeing the
King since his accession to the throne. Upon that he
(Fieschi) had said that M. de Rohan was no more of a
Republican than Charles X. Pepin in part admitted the
truth of Fieschi's assertion, and added, that the Prince de
Rohan was nearly 80 years of age, and could have little to
do with the case now before the Court.

(ro Pepin)—Were not the gun-barrels tried at the
Barricre de Montreuil?—Supposing any such trial to have
taken place, is it likely that it would have been made at
such a distance from my house, where I,have extensive and
convenient premises.

The prisoner Boireau was orderea to stand up, and the
President proceeded with his interrogatorp--He had not
belonged to the Society of. the Rights of Man. He had
never expressed opinions decidedly opposed to the Govern-
Meat. He could not say whether Fieschi had come to
sleep at his lodgings on the 24th of July, and bad been
prevented from going up stairs by the porter. He came on
the 25th, at least Fieschi told him so ; however, he gave
directions not to admit him when he called so late. He
became acquainted with Fieschi in 1834, at the house of a
marl named Jeannin. He met him subsequently in front of
his master's house. After that he called to see him again.
He was not particularly intimate with him, but he had an
esteem for him, believing him to be unfortunate, as a poh-
tical character, for having served under General Murat.—
(Laughter.) Fieschi slept at his lodgings on the night of
the 24th or 25th of July last, and never before. He said
he was obliged' to conceal himself on account of the April
affair. Fieschi never confided to him his project of the in-
fernal machine. He (the prisoner) never informed him of
a conspiracy on foot to assassinate the King upon the road
to Neuilly.
Fieschi persisted in his declaration that Boireau had
spoken to him of that project ; as to the names, he had for-
gotten them. .
Boireau—lt is strange that Fieschi, whose memory is so
good on other matters, should have forgotten those names, if
I had ever mentioned them.
Fieschi—When people are romancing, I
,don't pay much
attention : that is not my affair.
President—Boireau, you spoke of the attempt of the
2Sth July, before it took place ?—I said I had heard that
the King would be fired at in the neighbourhood of Porte
St. Martin.
Did you say that the Carlists would make the attempt,
and that the patriots should be ready to act ?—No.
To some other questions Boireau replied that he did not
know Pepin ;he had bought groceries at his shop. Pepin
had told him nothing about the plot of the 28th.
A female named Calemut deposed that she had heard no-
thing from the prisoner Pepin relative to the design upon
the King's life.
At three o'clock the sitting was suspended.

Did you not go to the house of a restaurateur named
Bertrand ?—Fieschi has stated that we breakfasted upon-
cheese, and yesterday he stated that we brezkfasted at my
house. We cannot have breakfasted twice.

SPAIN.

CIIAMBER OF PROCURADORES.
SITTING OF JAN. 24.

The President to Resehi.—Fiesehi, what have you to
reply
Fiesebi.—My reply is, that we ate something early in
the morning, and afterwards breakfasted.

The President of the Council on the Ministerial bench.
The order of the day the continuation of the discussion of
the project of the electoral law.
M. Perpina declared that he would vote against the 17th
article of the law.

Pepin.)—On your preliminary examination, you ad-
mitted that you dined at a restaurateur's in company with
Ficschi and Morey?—Never : but I think I said that
when Morey requested me to find a situation for Fieschi,
we drank a bottle of wine in the neighbourhood of the
I3arriere du 'Prone.

M. Calderon Collantes said that the first question was
to decide whether the mode of voting should be in public
or in private. He believed it was impossible to keep the
secret of any vote though the electors voted by close bulle-
tins, for the President of the Electoral College and the
scrutineers would necessarily have a knowledge of the vote.
The Commission has adopted the mode of election by pro-
vinces for the purpose of putting the electors beyond the
reach of corruption. The interest of the Government will
be more difficult with regard to 2,000 electors than it would

be with 200 or 300. It is by isolating the electors that
they are delivered over to corruption. He concluded lay jus-
tifying the report of the Committee.
The President of the Council—l will inquire which of
the two modes of election, by provinces or by districts, offer
the most decided advantages ? If the Government has
already declared that it does not agree in opinion with those
who opposed the project of the Commission, it is because it
is convinced of the impossibility of supporting this opinion
by plausible arguments, and the Ministry, in thus acting,
after the declarations which it made, and after having sacri-
ficed the sympathies of its partisans—for the project clearly
proves that if it were possible to regulate promptly the dis-
tricts—it would have adopted the method of voting by dis-
tricts, although that method would have been contrary to its
ideas—but the Government thinks that it would be impos-
sible to gratify the wishes of the nation, and to fulfil the
promise o promptly convoking the next Cortes, if the 17th
article of the project were rejected. If the article be adopted,
the Government will be able to carry on with activity the
labours concerning the elections. In the contrary case, it
would-be compelled to adjourn the elections until the mo-
ment when it should receive sufficient data concerning- the
territory to convoke the electors. The thing has been repre-
sented as an easy one. Nevertheless, the Ministers are not
so fertilein means as to overcome difficulties. However,
Government, having reflected upon the proposition made
by M. Gilliam) yesterday evening, invites the Chamber,
through me, to send back the 34th article to the Committee.
M. Alcala Galiano-1 think that it is not necessary to
send back the article to the Committee. The Chamber may
vote upon the article drawn up thus :—" The 160 highest
tax-payers that shall elect a Deputy shall be distributed in
the Electoral Colleges of each province, and not solely in
the capital." Such is the modification proposed by the
Committee. •-

The Chamber decides that the article shall not.be sent
back to the Committee. The Chamber votes. The 17th
article is rejected by a majority of 71 against 66. Fifteen
PrOcuradores abstained from voting.

The discussion was adjourned to the next day, and the
sitting closed.

CHAMBER OF PROCERES.—SITTING OF DEC. 27.
The business commenced at one o'clock, M. Vallejo pre-
siding. The Minister of Justice was present. The tribunes
were occupied by a considerable number of spectators.
Forty to fifty Proceres were present.
The President of the Council ascended the tribune, and
read the decree declaring the dissolution of the present
Cortes.
The Peers rose immediately, and quitted the Ball.

CHAMBER. OF PIZOC URADORES.-SITTING OF

Dec. 27.

Did you hold a correspondence with Cavaignac ? You
have denied that you have addressed a letter to him, in
which you. spoke of the 2.5 francs ; hut did you ever write
ti) him at all ?—I have not written to him for some time
past—perhaps for two years.
At what period did you lend 500 francs to Cavaignac ?
—ln 1833.

M. Isturiez took the Chair at two o'clock. The places
apportioned for the public were crowded to excess. M.
Martinez de lit Rosa, Count, Toreno, Perpina, Meoscoto
Mcdrano, and some other Members of the Opposition,
%I'm!, not present. The President of the Council, the Mi-
nisters of Justice and of the Interior, were in their usual
seats. The Order of the Day was called to hear a commu-
nication from the Government.

The Presi;lent of the Council read the Royal Decree for
the dissolution of the Cortes.

The prisoner Morey having demanded and received per-
mission to rctire for a few minutes, the sitting was suspended
till his return at a quarter before five.
M. Martin (du Nord) asked Pepin if he acknowholged
having Ivritt en in his own hand, on his register, the sum
of 150 fr. and another of 68E 50c., amounting to 218 f. 50c.
in the whole given to Fiesehi, and found entered in the
memorandum-book of the latter.

Art. 151 of the E.';tatnto Heal was then read

Pepin acknowledged that it was in his hand.writing.
M. Martin (du Nord)—Did you give this sum ?
Pepin—Fiesehi came to me with a bill ready drawn up,
to borrow some money of me, of which I made a note until
I could satisfy his request. In the mean time I judged
right to do otherwise.

The President, M. Isturiez—By virtue of the commn-
nieution which Las just been made, the Chamber is dis-
solved. A few faint " Vivas" were raised for Mendizabal
and the Queen Regent by the spectators. The Ministe-
rial Deputies surrounded him, and offered him their con-
gratulations. _ _

M. Martin (du Nord)—•-I ask you positively why you
wrote these two lines ?
Pepin—I reply positively that it was a note of demand of
loan.
M. Martin (du Nord)—Why should there be two entries?
Pepin—lt is only one note ; it refers to about two months
before the attempt. •
M. Martin (du Nord)—The two sums relate to different.
epochs, since they are written in two different kinds of ink.
Pepin (hesitation)---I must have changed my pen.—
(Murmurs.)
.After all, question all those who have known
me, all those who surrounded me, they trill all tell you that
I am incapable of such a horrid crime.
A long series of questions of no interest was then ad-
dressed to Pepin ; he persisted in most positively denying
them. Towards the end of the sitting, Pepin said that he
had turned Fieschi out of his house for the evil designs he
entertained against the Government, and that he had men-
tioned this to a lady. But, notwithstanding all the efforts of
the Court, he could tell neither the name, nor the abode,
nor the profession of this lady. At length he said that he
was tired, and that he should have a better memory next day.
The Court then adjourned at a quarter to 6.
SITTING OF TUESDAY, FEB. 2.
About 20 minutes past 12 o'clock, the prisoners, Fieschi,
Morey, Pepin, Boireau, and Bescher, were brought into
court, and led to the bar, if such may be called the simple
bench placed immediately behind the advocates' scat. The
prisoner Pieschi appeared on his first entrance somewhat.
paler and more serious than on previous occasions, but he
soon recovered his wonted self-po,,sesFion.and smiling coun-
tenance, so strangely contrasting with his situation. Morey
seemed extremely ill and dejected. Pepin's countenance
assumed more of gloom than on the former days. The
other prisoners exhibited their usual indifference.
At half-past 12 o'clock the President, Baron Pasquicr,
took the -chair. • •
Interrogatory of 'Pepin continued.---The name Of the
female he had forgotten .at the previous examination was
Madame Calemud, residing in the Rue.de la 11;oquettr. Be

- The following is the decree of dissolution read in the two
Chamber.;:—

Isabella IL, by the Grace of God, and in her Royal narno,
Donna Maria Christina de Bourbon, as Queen Regent
during the minority of my august daughter, to a!I those
whom it may concern, &., tee.
The Council of Regency, and that of the Ministry, having
been understood, I ordain as follows: _

Art. 1. The General Cortes of the kingdom will assemble
at liladrid on the 22d of March next, to discuss the Electoral
Law, which I shall submit for their deliberation, and for other
important business concerning the public weal.
2. The Chamber of Procuradorcs being dissolved by my De-
cree of this day, it will proceed to the election of new Mem-
bers, according to the regulations of my Royal Decree of
March 20. 1834.

3. For this purpose, the Electoral 'Juntas of the districts
established by the Ist Article of the Decree of May-20th,
will assemble Oa February 19Lli casuist;, and the Provincial on
the 26th of the same month.

4. The Proceres of the kingdom, and the Procuradorcs
must be in Madrid before the 17th of March. On that dal
the Procuradores will hold their first preparatory sitting pre-
scribed by Article 3 of the regulation for the government
and organization of the •Chamber of Proeuradores in the Corte.
5. In the distant provinces .the election of Procuradort s
will he proceeded with as soon as the competent authoriti s
shall have received the present decree.

- THE QUEEN REGENT.
Countersigned, A. D. 'l'. MENDIZABAL..
Prado, Jan. 26, 1:136.

The Madrid e-T'Aette of January 2S, contains the follow-
ing article :—" The position of the present Ministry at the
opening of the Cortes, on the 16th of Decernber, was the
following :—A vote of confidence was necessary ; an electo-
r:d law and a law for the liberty of the press. A vote of
confidence in order to obtain a • moral an l political wei:At,
and the necessary sources to terminate within a brief period
the war with the factious—the electoral law, to convoke w,
soon as possible the Cortes charged to revise in accordance
with the 'rnrone the Esialato Reel, and the law of the presy,
in order that at the time of the revision of the Estando Real
principles and notions capable of directinc, üblia opinion,
that of the Government, and that of the Legislators, night
he Published without shackles : as guarantee of the ve ?i
confidence that the Administration propozed to demand,
will present the law for Ministerial-responsibility.
• Such was the programme of the Legislature
period,,,, programme wit jactho
wasw•htiV
opened at the above e

`commencement of the execution of that of Septembcr, and
1 which, in the position that the -Ministers were placeo in,
was a question to them, not of principle and of theories, but
a -systenlofpolei,t:inceatle(b the
force of
circumstance.
Government,tberealisation o: w hie! /
is absolutely
-The
..7,,,,rista observes that theit (iisisswooltrlttiloiNn
ofo atifilerinCoratne,7
..
it be Said thatdt,lllreinPgrtehsliedednet.
.:;:),;)illife:teesterocs:ic.
f.esi.ritLcit•.:toce,hti,:-„Cinclitc.,.:;r:ol i
.t1^1:::::<110(1.
it.
7. i2rol:;!a,l,aiiapprobation
:linyait..pi;i:7lel;l(o.let,o,
liim
exerciseil. the preroga-
a personal quest;on for him
when he uttered that sentiment. fiew the only means of
saving his country depended upon the adoption of the rese..
lotion which he has come to.

On Thursday night last, a man named John
Hughes, an Irishman, was taken into custody on sospicion
of having robbed a native, named Garland, of upwards
of
601. The charge was denied by the prisoner, though the
evidence collected seemed to leave no doubt of the _fact.
It appeared that the parties had been drinking till a fete
hour, and that the poorer friend robbed the richer.--Liver-
pool Albion. •
LORD BROUGHAM'S NURSE.—On Monday,. b:!-
tween thirty and fbrty of the master bookbinders of Ediu-
burgh, in order to testify their respect for the oldest mem-
ber of the profession, Mr. Patrick Whyte, Lawnmarket,
entertained him at dinner. In the course of the evening,
the croupier, in proposing " the memory of Mrs. Whyte,"
stated that the wife of their guest bad been nurse to the
Ex-Chancellor of Britain. Lord Brougham and \Tame ; and
that she had travelled with him from Edinburgh to Brougham
Hall, when he was two ware of age.
EXECUTION IN PARlS.—David, the assassin of
his sistereie-law, wife of an officer of the Hotel des Inva-
hides, was executed on Wednesday last in the .Place St.
Jacques, at Pane. At 6 oclock in the morning tie Re-
gistrar informed hien that his last hour was approachng ;
he received the intelligence without changing countenance,
or betraying the least emotion. The. Abbe Moines imme-
diately entered his cell, and the culprit made confes-
sion. At 8 the executioner any his assistants arrived, and
while the operation called the hedette was performing, he
he showed complete calmness and resignation. He per-
sisted in his innocence, affirming that his only intention
was to commit suicide, but the pistol having burst in his
hand, he discharged the other pistol at his sister-in-law me-
, chemically. Upon reaching the Place St. Jacques, at half-
past eight,Sie ascended the scaffold with a firm step. He
bowed three times to the people assembled around him,
who did not exceed 3,000, and seemed disposed to address
them, but was prevented, and the fall of the fatal knife put
a period tb Ins existence
STEPHEN PERLIN'S DESCRIPTION OF ENG-
LAND.—The following singular passage is extracted from
a very rare work with the above title, which was printed
in 1553. It was dedicated to the Duchess of Berry. After
giving some account of the rebellion in Queen Mary's reign,
our author says, "The Milor Nortumbellant, the Duke of
Suphor, and the Miler Arundelle, were taken prisoners.
They were condemned to the castle of the Tower, under
an escort of 800 men. The mob called Milor Nortum-
bellant vile traitor, and-he furiously eyed them with looks
of resentment. Two'days'afterwards he was taken to Ouse-
mestre (Westminster) to his trial, which did not. last more
than 15 days at most, and he, the Duke of Suphor, and
Milor Arundelle, were condemned to be beheaded before
the castle of the Tower ; and they had the pain of seeing
each other under the hands of a hangman. This hangman
was lame of a leg, and he wore a white apron like a butcher.
This great Lord made great lamentations, and prayed ten-
derly. After the execution, little children gathered up the
blood winch had fallen through the slits in the scaffold. The
Queen not long after, proclaimed through all England
against eating flesh on Fridays and Saturdays, on pain of
being hanged and strangled."
The death of the late Viscount Hood, at Whitley
Abbey, was awfully sudden. He had been partaking of a
luncheon with Lady Hood and Mr. Kirkby, the portrait
painter, of Leamington, with both of whom he had been
eneerged in cheerful conversation, when, in a few minutes
afterward:, while in the act of walking from the dining room
to the library, his Lordship fell down, and almost instantly
expired. 11.1 r. Kirkby at the time of this melancholy event
was in attendance at the Abbey, for the express purpose of
taking his Lordship's' likeness.
On Monday afternoon. a sailing barge belonging to
Messrs. Smith and Brown, of Kingston, while going down
the river, in huffing, ran over a boat off Execution Dock-
stairs, Wapping, and swamped it. There were two pas-
sengers (one the Captain of a vessel proceeding to the Corn
Market with a peck of samples) and a watermen in the boat,
who narrowly escaped with their lives. They were picked
up by watermen who put off from the plying place. The
people in the barge did not render any assistance.
SYMPTOMS OF INSANITY.—The nephew of
Horace Walpole, Earl of Orford, was deranged. He de-
lighted in what he called " book-hunting." This notable
diversion consisted in taking a volume of a book and hiding
it. in some secret part of the library, among volumes of shin-
ier binding and size. When he had forgot where the 0-me
lay, he hunted until he found it.
JERSEY.—The proposed measure for prohibiting
the importation of foreign produce into the island of Jer-
sey, fbnnded on the farmers' petition, has been warmly dis-
cussed at-the sitting of the States, and it .has met with a
very strong opposition. The Operation of such a measure,
it is urged, would be very injurious to the interests of the
the island, as its etihct would be to raise prices considerably,
and drive away the British residents. The market has al-
ready been affected by the farmer's petition ; the prices
of meat and oysters have advanced, the latter considerably.
Burlington House, in Piccadilly, where the late
Duke of Portland resided until his death, and in which
George, the first Earl of Burlington died, was the property
of the Duke of Devonshire, who, on the death of the Duke
of Portland, advertised the mansion fer sale by public
auction. It was purchased by the Earl of Burlington, then
Lord George Cavendish, and left by his Lordship to his
youngest son, the Hon. Charles Compton Cavendish. The
present Earl of Burlington being heir presumptive to the
Duke of Devonshire, shoe ld his Grace die without issue,
will of course succeed to his title end estates.
CURIOUS LETTERS IN THE " WitoNo Box."
—A short time since a sale of Government bedding mate-
rials-took place, and among the articles to he disposed of
was an iron safe, the key of which had been lost. The lot
was sold, as usual, with " all faults and errors of descrip-
tion," for 151. to a broker of the name of Jackson. A smith
was sent for to open the safe, when a neat mahogany box
was discovered, and when the box was unlocked, behold a
parcel of white satin bee's, containing a large assortment of
letters—the correspondence of King George IV. with a
celebrated Marchioness and a variety of other distinguished
personages. Information was (riven of the discovery to the
Duke of Wellington, who shortly after sent two gentlemen
to obtain the letters on behalf of its Majesty ; and the
broker was compensated for his good conduct with a (Imo.
ceur of 50/.
HIGHLAND BAGPIPE.—Mr. Millar, of Montrose,
the celebrated performer on the Nortlannbriae, Union, and
Great Highland Bagpipes, now in Dundee, has made an
improvement on our noble national instrument, the bagpipe.,
lie has added a horn to the lower end of the chanter, and
by perforating various holes which he works by means of
keys, he has added three notes to the diatonic scale—one
above and two below. lie has also istroclaccd semitones,
which render the instrument so harmonious, that it has been
accompanied by the violin and violincello with excelleat
effect.—pandec Paper.
Lord Langdale, the Master of the Rolls, was the
medical attendant on the eclebrAtcd Countess of Oxford
and Mortimer, when her Ladyship and family travelled on
the Continent. On his return to London he became a
pepii to Mr. Bell, of the Chancery Bar. By perseverance.
talent, and industry, he justly attained the high station he
now fills. It must be gratifying to Mr. hell to live to see
::is pupil fill so high An office. A few years ago he married •
Lady Jane Harley, the airiest daughter of the Earl of ON..
ford. Lady Oxford departeel this life a few years ago at
Rome. Her Ladyship's eldeSt son was drowned in the
bay of Naples. Both bodies were 'onought over, and buried
in Brampton Bryon Church, Herefort:shire. The present
Lord Harley is married to the Marquis of Westincath's
eldest daughter.—Hereford Paper.
NOVEL APPLICATION OF THE JACQUARD
LooM.—A most important application of this splendid
cu-
vention has just been made. The Jacquard :own is now
• bei used in raisin-; figures on bed-qu i 1 ts. '[site fiFm-'s
are in relief on the surface of the cloth,
and are ea firml
bound as on counterpanes made in the ;swat
.way.
T r heade
inspect:on 0! a 1:3-11•12s quilt, just finished, hers wilt
s •
satisfaCtion. The effect on the prices of these ar.
be astonishing. A quilt, 10-siths,• J 3 the Jacquard loom'
'I
may be had raw for 18s. ; whilst one made in the usual
manner costs 30s. in wages only. -
28 Ttie Commissioners Of
MANCHESTER, JAN. •--
Stamps have renewed the informations' against all the
parties who were summoned to
.appear lase week at our
New Bailey, . bat which were all quashed as informal.
The Commissioners agent, Mr. Casson, has declared he
has no authority to compromise with any of the parties,
c
and that the law must take
'eefa°t. it
etilitoisei
. s; oerse. Several of the
to abandon
o prosecutions
i dad
tj)iecieirotgise::sletab leave
till inflexible, and
determined "to go the Whole
5,000 t, but not hog." The• penalties exceed
sd.will they obtain eXcept by a compromise
Lo's's ON REPUTATION.—The clock at the Horse
Guard a which for many years was, from its acknowledged
accuracy, the universal standard of London time, has lately
become, so irregular as to be no longer depended Trion. A
few daies ago it was above half an hour wrong, to the asto-
nisharsat of the numerous persons who witnessed it 3
limel3'. Mate,-
