BANKRUPT&

John Walters, Worcester, shoemaker, to surrender Dec.
24, Jaa. 4, and Fob. I, at nine, at the Court of Commis-
sioners. Hamilton and Bolton, Southampton-street,
Strand.

Josias Tillman, Exmouth, Devon, gluier, Dec. 31, at
eleven, Jau. 7, and Feb.l, at twelve, at the Court of Com-
iniasionera. Tilleard and Miller, Old Jewry.
John Earl, Ilackney, Middlesex, eheesemonger, Jan.
Jan. 7, 11, and Feb. 1, at ten, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Dods, Northumberland-street, Strand.
William Owen, Spoke, Liverpool, fanner, Jan. 1,6,
and Feb. 1, at one, at the Clarendon-Rooms, Liverpool.
Norris, Allen, and Anthony, John-street, Bedford-row;
Toulmin, Liverpool.
Richard Chapman, Stra►•han-terrace, Islington, builder,
Dec. 24, at ten, and 28, at eleven, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Ashley, Old-street-road.
George Upton, Queen-street, Cheapside, oilman,
Jan. 11, at twelve, 14, at ten, and Feb. 1, at twelve, at
the Court of Commissioners. Tucker, Bank-chambers,
Lothbury.
Cansdell, 13ishopsgate-street Within, auc-
tioneer, Dec. 31, at ten, Jan. 7, and Feb. 1, at eleven. at
the Court of Commissioners. Towne, Broad-street-
buildings.
James May, Langbourn Coffee-house, Penchureli-street,
tavern-keeper, Dee. 31, Jan. 7, at three, and Feb, 1, at
two, at the Court of Commissioners. Hailstone, Horn-
ley town-lane, and Lyon's Inn.
Leonard Johnson, York, woollen-draper, Dec. 80, 31,
and Feb. 1, at ten, at the. Court House, Leeds. Wilson,
Southampton-street, Bloomsbury-square; Payne and Ed-
dison, Leeds.

Henry Collett, Cheltenham, grocer, Jan. b, at five,
Jan. 6, and Feb. 1, at eleven, at the Lamb inn, Chelten-
ham. Winterbotham, Cheltenham ; Bousfield, Chatham.
place.
John Bragg, Ilarrington, Lancashire, ship-owner, Jan,
19, 20, and 'Feb. 1, at two, at the Clarendon-rooms,
Liverpool. Norris, Allen, and Anthony, John-street,
Bedford-row, London ; Morris and Owen, Manchester.
John &holes, John Broughton, and Robert Scholia,
Stoldleworth, Yorkshire, calico-printers, Jan. 5,6, and
Feb. 1, at two, at the York Hotel, Manchester. Adlington,
Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London ; Morris
and Owen, Manchester.

James Ilendemon 'teeny, South Sea Chambers, Threat].
needle-street, merchant, Jdn. 4, at eleven, 11, at twelve,
and Feb. 1, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners.
Olivereon, Denby, and Laic, Frederick.place, Old Jewry,
Henry Bacon Hall, Bow, Middlesex, merchant, Dec. 31,
at two, Jan. 7, at three, and Feb. 1, at two, at the
Court of Conunisstoners. Jacobs, Crosby-square, Bishops-
gate-street.

111 PERIAL PARLIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. Johnson, front the office of the Chief Secretary of
Ireland, presented the contract prince foc butter, flour, and
malt. _ _

Petitions praying for the abolition of Negro Slavery,
were presented from Lancieter and Stockport—by Mr.
LETROY from Longford, and by;Mr. Hum; from nume-
rous places in Scotland.
BOROUGH' OF RYE.

Mr. CRADOCK presented a petition, to which he
wished to call the particular attention of ►he House, as
he considered it involved a case of breach of privilege. The
petition to which he referred was from Rye, complain-
ing of the improper conduct of the returning officer of
that borough, whO had taken upon himself the responsi-
hility of returning members, who had been elected in direct
violation of theyesolution of the Committee of lust May.
He knew that that resolution hail been since rescinded
by the decision of another Committee, but it was in force,
and consequently part of the law of the land at the time
of the last Rye election, Tie therefore thought the con-
duct of the returning officer should ha brought under the
consideration of the House.
. .

The SPEAKER said that if this were an election peti.
tion the lion. Member Must be aware it was now too late
to present it ; and if not, he thought it quite unnecessary
so to do, as there was a petition already before the House
from Colonel de Lacy Evans and Benjamin Smith,
Esq., complaining of an undue elections which
petition also called tho attention of the House to the con-
duct of the returning officer. The House, therefore, by
giving any opinion on this petition, would prejudge the
merits of the one that must go before a Onnutittee.
Mr. CRADOCK, after a few observatiuns, withdrew
the petition.
Mr. ilumE presented a petition from Bristol, praying
for the extension of the Local Courts of Judicature to
that city.
After it few words from Mr. li, Da tea, the petition
was ordered to lie on the table. '

Mr. IIUAIE presented u petition fretn Middlesex

ItAW
Per Stone. a. 11. toll. d. I Per Stone. ii. d, ter. d
n H lieeifers& Steets3 0 3 4 Ordinary 2 0 94.
litidillings2 0 210 Mat kit 0 0 each.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE O 1 LORDS, Dec. 20.

The Lono CB A MELLOR. diti not take his beat till nearly
I lalflust Five o'clo►ck ton the Woolsack.

NEGRO SLAVERY.
Petitions against Negin Slavery wire :(314taebted by the
Earl of Shaftesbury, the Earl of Roselyn, the Earl of Car.
narvon, Lord Stanhope, and 'the bul:e of Cumberland,
The Earl of ROSEDERRY presented a 'petition from
the Provost, Town Council, and Magistrate's of Linlithgow,
praying for Parliamentary Iteform and a repeal of the As-
sessed Taxes. In doing NO the noble Earl took that opporto •
pity of stating, that no mist>the was greater than *al which
had recently been in circulation, that the pet'ple of Scotland
bad not a strong desire to see improtement in the repro-
aentation of that country. Ne frictions were more anxious
than they were for a tempetate Reform. The present peti-
tion came from persons who were interested in keeping
things as they were, which he (Lord Row&try) consi.
dared a great. proof that they wished, and that there
ought to be, *change.

The Notme Ecn-t, also phoosnted a petition of a similar
nature frion the inhabitants of Linlithgow.
Lord I)UNCAN supported the perititlt, and at the same
time wished to correct a mistake which had gone abroad
aa,to. what bo. stated some ,Crte nights ago relative to tite
election at Renfrew, lie • bed been repretented as
lote;ng stateti that one of the Mentheta from that
place _ had, km nested by a triatitAty of three, he hail
110 dpoht Out :111%take areas from the low tone in which be
spoke, but Whet he had thee stated was, that the Member
for lientrew. to. willow Ito referred, had been eletted by
rrFridnrity .
of twitter! of three.
lord BTANIIOPE presented several petitions ageing
oltivery, petitioner* et the, sante time complaining
of peat- ngriettltural iiiidtress, which they bellet•A was
a uisitation of Providence in consequence of 'egro slavery
I:+oing allowed to eitiet. The Noble Lord considered it
extremely poehtilika that for the sitetk..,ll he had now made he
ribuold meet with the admonition, of the Noble read
icedreted Lod on the • Wstolsack, as he had done 011 a pre-
vious uteasion, licattoehl, however, not be regulated by
any-pormohl that Ifatice, .not even by that Noble Lord
in.the-opiedebee be thottglit proper to make, or the times or
tiktiva, aF ,Making. them.- Be should act as he always
had d'untoambeliusight best, notwithstanding any remarks
that Noble Lord alien think himself juetified in nicking.
The Nont.e Baer, also presented a petition from a gen-
tleman nane.al Burgoyne, praying for the employment of
labourers on waste lands.

Lord NAPIER presented a petition for the lowering of
tioties on. West To& produce. The Noble Lord also
moved for papers relative to the constitution of Scotch
Burghs ; which, after some observations from the Earls of
Robeberry and Rosslyn, were ordered.
