➢lr. SCOTT presented himself amidst much applause.
He felt the greatest veneration for the doctrines of the
Church of England, and the greatest respect for the clergy
generally, whom he believed to be a most exemplary body
of men. It was as much for their sake as for that of the
laity that he wished to see the abuses of the Church cc r-
rected.—(Applause.) From the Church he was natu-
rally led to consider those circumstances which affected the
moral condition of the people. He wished the laws, and
more particularly those which affected the industrious
classes, remodelled ; and he was also anxious to see all

the taxes repealed which pre.sed upon those classes.
Another thing which he would always contend for was a
public exposition of financial accounts.—(Applause.)
Upon the subject of colonial slavery, he wished it to be
understood that be would ,:o.rtuu., euoumiv.tion at the
earliest possible moment compatible with the safety of the
whole population and of the negroes themselves. Imme-
diate abolition was impossible. He thought the septennial
Act was an infringement upon the Constitution ; to that
he would say Amen. With respect to the ballot, he cor.
fessed his sentiments had undergone a great change during
the last two months. He had been adverse to the ballot
because he thought it an un-English practice ; but if
landlords would exercise an unjustifiable influence over
their tenants and gentlemen over their tradesmen, he
would take the ballot as the lesser evil.—Cheers.)
Mr. Iliviuts proposed Mr. Walter Long.
Mr. LONG was received with applause and hisses.
It was impossible for the labouring classes to obtain em-
ployment and good wages unless farmers obtained a re-
munerating price for their corn. He thought the present
fluctuating scale of duties was preferable to any fixed duty
whatever. If a fixed duty were imposed, the farmers
must be ruined..—(" They have been so for years.")
With respect to the commutation of tithes, that was a
measure which every reasonable man, whether clergyman
or layman, must advocate, provided—(" Provided always
and nevertheless" laughter) that commutation did not mean
abolition.

Mr. H. MARSH, after a long and eloquent speech from
the Under-Sheriff, called for a show of bands for the several

candidates. A great majority were held up for Mr.
Lefevre and Mr. Scott, and a very small proportion for
the Marquis of Douro and Mr. Long. The Under-Sheriff
then declared the show of hands to have been in favour of
the two former candidates, when a poll having been de-
manded on the part of the Marquis of Douro and Mr.
Long, the meeting was adjourned for that purpose until 9
o'clock on Monday morning.
The meeting was not over till nearly 5 o'clock.

BOLTON, DEC. 11.
The nomination of candidates took place this morning,
amidst a scene of great uproar and confusion. Mr. Willa,
one of the sitting Members, who has hitherto been very
popular in the borough, was received with yells and hisses
from the partisans of Mr. Brownrigg, one of the other
candidates, who is a liberal, but not so sweeping a Re-
former as Mr. Wilkes friends wished for. A
scene of great amusement presented itself by a manoeuvre
resorted to by Mr. Brownrigg's supporters to clear the
ground : the multitude made their way into the adjoining
fish•market, and procured a number of fish, with which
they mercile.sly pelted the Blues from the market-place.
The most ridiculous accidents resulted, and there was not
a poor farmer who quietly lode through the market-place
on his way to the fens, who was not saluted with cod's
head, or some other delicious fish, to the amusement of all
parties.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

COVENT-GARI
There was a good supply at t
trade:was very dull, at the quot;
s.d. s.d.
Potatoes (cwt.) 3 0036
Ca'ibages,Savoy(l2) 1 6 2 6
Ditto Red 2 0 3 6
Brocoli 0 6 1 6
Horse Itadish(bundle) 4 0 6 0
Celery 1 3 3
Carrots (12bunches) 3 6 6 6
Turnips
Coleworts or Greens 2 6 4 0
Leeks I 0 1 6
For. Grapes (per lb.) 0 8 2 6
English, Forced 1 0 2 6
Filberts 0 6 1 0
Mushrooms (pottle) 0 4 0 8

IEN MARKET.

:his morning's market, but the
ations.of this day se'nnight.

s.d. s.d.
Spinach (half-sieve) 0 4 too 8
Apples . 0 8 0
Pears 3 0 6 0
Onions 3 0 4 6
Seville Oranges (100).. 6 0 10 0
Sweet Oranges 8 0 14 0
Lemons 8 0 14 0
English Walnuts
Span. Chesnuts (peck) 6 0 10 0
French ditto
Spanish Hazlenuts 5 0 8 0
French Walnuts 2 6 4 0
Brazilian Nuts 2 0 4 0
,Pine Apples (lb.)
.t

HAY MA RKETS.--(At per Load 0136 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND (LATE ST. JAMES'S.)
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 0 to £2 10
New Meadow Hay 3 0 3 10
Useful Old Ditto
2 15 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay
5 5
Oat Straw .£1 6to .E 1 101 Wheat Straw ... 131 12
1 13
A short supply, and a very dull trade; prices as last quoted.
SMITHFIELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay ............... £2 5 to £2 10
New Meadow Hay.... ..................................... 2 15 3 10
Useful Old Ditto .............................. .. ............ 3 0 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 315 4 0
Clover Hay (extra fine)...£s O... Generally
Oat Straw ... LI 4to .£1 6 1 Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10
Supply very limited, trade very dull, and prices stationary.

HOODS COMIC ANNUAL.—Copious extracts,
with four graphic illustrations in the ATUENIEUM of
Tins DAY ; together with Reviews of SLADE'S Travels
in Turkey (exclusively) ; Lights and Shadows of German
L(exclusively); Second Series of Traits and Stories of
Iriifseh Peasantry (exclusively); Tales of the Manse (ex
(exclusively) elusively) ; Lauriad;
; Count PEcciito's
Travels in England, and several other new works. Re.
ports of Societies, &c., as usual.,

aeon men, who were eventually disarmed and driven from
the meeting, and in some cases roughly handled.)
Order having been in some degree restored,
Mr. LEFEVRE came forward amidst loud cheers. He
was no revolutionist. He was merely an uncompromising,
but he trusted, a practicrl Reformer.—(Cheers.) He did
not know whether he was a greater friend to the clergyman
or to the farmer in supporting the commutation of tithes,
thereby relieving the clergyman from that hone of hostile
contention with his parishioners, and relieving the farmer
from the most impolitic and unjust of all taxes,-1 tax
calculated to retard all agricultural improvement,—a tax
upon capital and industry—tithes.—(Loud Cheers.)—
He supported a revision of the corn-laws. He was well
aware that at some of the meetings of electors that had
been held in the county, his Hon. Friend Mr. Long had
described the duties as fixed so low as 125., and then
diminishing 2s. every year, until at last it should amount
to nothing; and he remembered that his Hon. Friend,
proceeding upon that assumption, bad drawn such a pic-
ture of the pitiable state to which the agricultural interest
would be thus reduced, that in reading it, he (Mr. Le.
fevre,) being an agriculturist himself, could scarcely refrain
weeping.—(A laugh.) His Hon. Friend had described
them as reduced to the lowest distress, and as obliged to
leave even their smockfrocks behind them in their flight
to America.—(Laughtsr.) He could assure them that
such a duty as that had never entered into his (Mr. Le-
fevre's) contemplation ; and if he were required to name
the duty, he could not at present do so, simply because he
was not able to fix it. All he had ever said on the sub-
ject was, that lie considered a fixed better than a fluctu-
ating duty. He was so far from a thick-and-thin sup-
porter of the Government, that he only supported them
when he thought them right, and be voted against them
when he thought them wrong. He voted, for instance,
against them on Mr. Fowell Buxton's motion for the abo-
lition of slavery. He would not support any Government
that would not cut down the public expenditure to the
lowest possible scale,—that would not reduce all useless
places and sinecure pensions, and that would not turn its
attention to the reduction of those duties that pressed
more heavily on the poor, especially that which was the
worst of all, he meant the malt tax. If they returned
him, he should do all in his power to obtain its repeal.
Sir JOHN POLLEN nominated the Marquess of DJuro.
—(Applause and hisses.)
Mr. RIGBY seconded the nomination.
The Marquess of DOURO came forward amidst cheers
and hisses. He thought no man had a right to solicit the
suffrages of his fellow-countrymen, who did not feel that
the prosperity and happiness of the country depended upon
the class of men to whom he was now addre-sing himself.
—(Applause—here another skirmish took place with the
bludgton-men, and some more sticks were taken from
them ) He assured the people that he wished to protect
them from such violence as that which he beheld.—( Hisses)
He had no hesitation in assuring the electors, that as far
a s the commutation of tithes went, which Mr. Lefevie had
e oquently described as a tsx upon industry and capital,
he would support that measure—(Applause.) Mr. Le-
fevre had plumed himself exceedingly upon the manner in
which the present Ministers had diminished the expendi-
ture of the country. He heartily wished that Ministers
had repealed the malt tax, and if they would abstain from
embarking in expensive wars—(Great laughter)—and re-
call the two fleets which they had sent out to cruise before
the mouths of rivers belonging to countries which had
always been our best customers,—if Ministers would do
these things, and avoid any necessity for increasing the
army, he had great hopts that they might be able to repeal
this tax. It should always be his object, if he had the
honour of a seat in Parliament, to promote the repeal of
such tiles as pressed upon the humble classes. He wished
the Government to be carried on at the least possible ex-
pense. There was no point in this respect to which lie
was not willing to go, provided the internal and externa
honour of the country were preserved.—(Cheers.)
Captain JERVIS nominated Winter Scott, Esq.
Sir HENRY TICHBORNE seconded the nomination.
