SIR: ARCHIBALD M,DONALD, BART.

- - .
OA Thursday evening .the Right lionOurable Sir Archibald
M`Do4Sid, Bart. died, at his house in Duke-street, Westminster,
at the advanced ae of 79. Ife had'been for some months suffer-
ins from lam-titles, principallY arising from old age, and which
required the constant, attendance of a surgeon and a physician...—
Previous to that time he was in the enjoyment of good bodily
le'llth, and was in the constant habit of walking, particularly in
St. James's Park.. Ile was crt.ated a Baronet and appointed So-
licitor-Gmeral in 1'784, and in 1788 succeeded to the office of
Attorney-General, in the room of Sir R. Pepper Arden, late Lord
Alvanley, appointed Master of the Rolls. lie conducted the
trials of Horne Tooke, Hardy, &e. at the time the present Lord
Chancellor .was Solicitor-General; and in 1793 was. appointed
Chief Baron of the Exchequer, in the room of Chief Baron Eyre.
In the year 1813 he resigned his seat on the,Bench, on which
he gave great satisfaction, by his legal knowledge and the amenity
.f his manners, in consequence of the defective state of his eyes,
a situation since successively filled by Barons. Thompson, Richards,
and the present Chief Baron Alexander. Sir Archibald married,
in_l77o, Louisa, eldest daughter of the first Marquess of Stafford,
by whom he had one son, the Member for Caine, now Sir James
hl.`Douald., and two daughters.

We extract from the Echo de Paris, a very lively
Frenett Journal which has just made its appearance in London,
the following whimsical description of a Parisian Salon de bonne
Co ntpaynie, indicative of something like a religious fever among
our fair Continental neighbours. The re-action may, be natural
enough ; hut surely the transition of a " Femme de Cour," a
woman of fashion, gallantry, and philosophy, into a pietiate, is
14mewbat marvellous.
, " Potter, Odry, Mazurier, and Courte were heretofore brought
vary and enliven our. societies, but now,--away with the pro-
fanation !—Abbis replace them. Pruihionables of the new school
give us for parties their soirées pieuses ; we write no longer at
the bottom of our invitation cards ' there will he a fiddle, but
!here
Will be an Abbe.' Our routs are become prayer meet-
Hlga, our boudoirs, chapels; and how is this accomplished
ply enough. The company arrive full dressed for the ball—
cl° ue lAdiell biding 'their: nosegays in their handkerchiefs, with
It'oealit eyes seat themselves round the apartment--an Abbe
"ten (his eyes too on. the floor)—he perches himself on a stool,
and then follows a lecture or an exhortation,—each lady makes
the Sign of contrition in the shadow of her fan—the Abbe finishes,
,
41,Plaudedi And witildraws--the musicians 'make their appear-
-4a
Cce, And the ball begins--Such, reader, is the Salon do tonne
ompapnice!

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY is 26.

The proceedings in the House of Peers last night
were destitute of any great interest, the several Bills
having been passed through their respective stages
without many observations.
In the House of Commons, on the other hand, a
vast number of interesting and important subjects were
brought forward, but the length of the debate (the
House having sat till 4 o'clock this morning) renders
it necessary for us to confine our notice to some of
the most prominent topics of discussion.
Mr. W. SMITH availed himself of the opportunity
afforded by the presenting of .a petition in behalf of
the GreekS, to press for some expression in favour of
that gallant nation, with the view of showing to Europe
that we had not wholly abandoned a Christian people to
extermination, nor viewed with indifference the war
in which they were engaged. Sir R. WILSON ex-
pressed a similar opinion, but. Mr. HOBHousE stated,
that although he entertained the same feelings for the
Greek cause, yet, from some circumstances which had
lately come to his knowledge, and from a suggestion
which had. been given, it might embarrass the
measures which His Majesty's Ministers had in con-
templation, he would abstain from pressing the sub-
ject at present on their attention. He added, that 'so
far from .despairing of the cause of Greece, in conse-
quence of the Pall of Missolonghi, he anticipated the
best results from the effects it would produce, not only
on the Christian world,' but also upon the gallant,
though unfortimate objects of their sympathy and com-
passion. No observations were made by His Majesty's
Ministers, and the Petition was laid on the Table.

Lord MILTON renewed his inquiry, 4,etficr a
public 'Vote was intended for the Relief of the
Districts; to which Mr.. CANNING 'replied,
that Ministers, after the most anxious inquiry, and
the most deliberate consideration, in which feelings of
the purest, and most deep-felt sympathy, contended
with policy of acting on sound general principles,,
had come to the conclusion, that no Parliamentary
Grant ought to be made for this purpose.

Mr. BROUGHAM brought forward the motion of
which he had given notice, respecting the mode in
which the Colonial Administrations had carried into
effect the measures proposed by Ministers, in conse-
quence of the Resolutions of the House cif Commons
in 1823 ; and, after a long speech, the object of which
was to show, that the Colonial Assemblies had mani-
fested no disposition to promote those measures,.
moved, " that the House would early next Session
take into its consideration such measures as appear
necessary for carrying the Resolutions of 1823 into
effect."

This motion was lost, after a long Debate, by a
majority of 100 to 38.
We have' not space - to give an outline of any
of the speeches made in the course of this interest-
ing debate, and we must refer our readers to our
Parliamentary Report. We cannot omit to notice,.
however, the powerful 'and convineing speech of Mr.
CANNING, which exhibited one of the finest Speci-
mens of that Right Flon...Gentleman's brilliant elo-
quence, and close reasoning upon soundprinciples. He
most conclusively established the point, that_while the
Constitution and Christianity were.opposed to Slavery,
neither required the abolition .of it by public wrong ;
and stated that while Ministers intended to carry into
effect the gradual big effectual abolition of Slavery, they
would resist any measure which would have an air of
menace to the ColOnial Legislatures, and lessen the
means of effecting
tion of his Majesty's Government.
the wholesome and holy determina

Although we have advocated a Parliamentary
Grant for the relief of the Distressed Manufacturing
districts, and were the fast to suggest that the amount

of duty on the Foreign Corn to be admitted into im-
mediate consumption should be applied to this pur-
pose,.. we are' ready to allow the propriety .of the
determination of his Majesty's Government on this
subject, as stated by Mr. Secretary CANNING last
night in the -House'of Comnions. The circumstances
of the case have certainly altered very materially. The
amount of the charitable subscriptions now going on,
has already reached a sum nearly equal to half the
grant which it was suggested that Parliament 'should
bestow ; and there seems to be a strong expectation
entertained, that the current of private charity is by no
means exhausted, and that a much larger sum will yet
be raised by the benevolent efforts of opulent ,indivi-
duals. Some improvement in the trade of the manu-
facturing districts has also been manifested, and ap-
pearances indicate its more extensive revival. A case,
therefore, which so urgently demands the interference
of Government, does not seem now to exist :—such
a case must be one, not only of extraordinary emer-
gency and magnitude, but one, to the relief of which all
ordinary means have been applied in vain. None
other certainly, could at all justify a deviation
from a sound general principle. On.the whole, there-
fore, we are convinced, that His Majesty's Govern-
ment have come to a right decision on this point,—a
decision imperative upon them as Ministers, from con-
siderations of State Policy ; but painful to them as
Men, who deeply sympathise in the sufferings of a most
important - class of the community. The decision
however, will operate as an intiiiceMent to the more
extenstve exertions of individual benevolence, and the
end will be as effectually accomplished
,by private, as
it would have been by public means.'

Accounts have been received at Buenos Ayres,
prior to the 14th February, that the William priva-
teer has made fifty prizes ; these are supposed to be
chiefly coasters, &c. and among them a Brazilian
Indiaman, outward bound, with a considerable quan-
tity of specie to purchase a cargo.

We received last night French Papers of the 17th,
and the Etoile of the 18th, of which the following are
extracts. It will be observed, that it is stated in an
article dated from Bucharest, that the REIS EFFENDI
had refused to accede to the proposals made by our
Minister in behalf of the Greeks, and that he had been
insulted by the Turkish populace. The general tone
of these Papers is indicative of the expectation, that
the Russian Ultimatum will not be acceded to by the
DIVAN
From the Etoile, dated Thursday, May 18.)

" The Milan Gazette of the 9th May, has the following article
under head of ' The lonian Islands.'

" The Greek vessel which arrived at Corfu on the 25th April
brought the news of the full of Missolonghi, which took place on
the 23d of the same month (Palm Sunday, according to the Greek
Calendar), at day break. The Government of the town being
reduced to the last extremity, opened the gates, and the troop of
the Greeks opened itself a passage through the Ottomans; the
latter had scarcely entered the town, when the mines which had
been prepared, blew up, and the destruction was dreadful. We
expect the particulars of this event, which almost appears to be
undoubted.

4, Buntanarr, Ann, 26.

" According to the last accounts from Constaetinople, dated
the 20th, which have been brought by Couriers, the Reis Effendi
has replied, by a formal refusal, to the proposals of Mr. Stratford
Canning, in favour of the Greeks. Private letters add, that the
English Ambassador, on his return from his conference on this
subject with the Reis Effendi, bad been insulted by the Turkish
populace, who had collected in the streets; As for M. Minziacky,
it is considered as certain. that in case of a formal refusal in an-
swer to the ultimatum presented to him, be will quit Constanti-
nople in one day after the expiration of the six weeks' delay given
to the Porte. The Divan will hardly come to a decisive resolu-
tion before that time.

.‘ On the 22d, Count Do Weinpfeu, Captain in the Austrian
service, passed through this town, going express from Constanti—
nople to Vienna. His mission is thought to he of great im-
portance.

(From the Courier Francais.)

" emus, MAY 16.
" Every thing indicates that hostilities are on the point of com-
mencing between Russia and the Porte. • •
," A private letter from Augsburg, of May 8, says, ' that at the
(late of the latest news from Constantinople, the Porte had not
officially answered M. de Minziacky, but the first verbal answer of
the Reis Effendi was known, and its tenour ahews that the Otto-
man Ministry is not destitute of address.

444 It is glad that the Emperor Nicholas does not confound in
his ul(ineatuna the question of the Greek rebels with the Porte;
that it learns with pleasure that the intervention of other Ca-
binets, which for these five years has served only to fetter the ne,
gociations with Russia, has at length ceased ; that the Porte,
however, had fulfilled its treaties respecting .Moldavia and Wal-
lachia, since 3,000 Police Guards cannot be called a military tic-
•
cupation ; that the Porte consequently hoped that Russia on Its
part would no longer delay to give up to the Turks the fortresses
of Bessarabia, the restitution of which was stipulated by the
peace of 1812.'
1 It is not doubted that as soon as this answer is known at St.
Petersburgh, it will lead to an order to pass the Pruth; the Porte
seems to expect this, for a finnan has already been issued, giving
orders to provision the fortresses on the Danube for six months.
The 20th May is generally assigned as the day when the Russian
troops Will enter the principalities."
Fax)tot Futins.—Pants, MAY l'7.—Five per Cents. 96f.
lbc. ;—Three per Cents. 64E 10c.—Bank Stock, 2,010 E
Rotates de Naples, 78f. ebe.—Royal Spanish Loan, 44i.—..
Exchange on London, one month, 25f. bbc, ; three months, ebE
3bc..-Zeours Aiithentipte, May 17.

The following arc extracts from the Flanders Mail:—
=lsms, MAY 156
. _

A British -Cabinet Messenger passed through this City on
Saturday, who had been at Petersburgh and Constantinople, and
was returning► with despatches to Constantinople. A Russian
Cabinet Messenger arrived here yesterday, on his way from Lon-
don to Petersburgh.
In our number of the 11th of this month, we extracted from the
Dragen, a journal printed at Mons, an article concerning an Asso-
ciation at Hyan, which wassetgaged in teaching youth, and also
in some kinds of manufacture. The .Dragen, which gave all
the particulate as authentic, declares in its number of the
13th, that all these details have been found to be false; and
adds. " that these men did not pay a personal tax at the rate of
25 individuals, because this tax is always paid according to the
fortune or the habitation of the individu:d, and not so much per
head. They paid taxes for four persons, and they were never more
numerous at Hyun. This was their number the let of May : one
is still there, and they have not been sent away by the King,
neither have they endeavoured to inspire their pupils with senti-
ments unfavourable to their Sovereign. All these facts have been
related to us by one of the principal Members of the Municipality
of that Ceminune."

The Dragen also says, that it has learned from good authority
that it is not true that the Regency Of Tourtuty has made an ad-
dress to the King to re-establish the school of the Petits Freres.
If this is true, as we willingly believe, it must be owned that it is
a piece of audacious impudence to invent stories calculated to aNcet
the Magistrates of the city.

PRASKIPORT, bEAT 9.
The inhabitants of Bonn, following the example of those of
Berlin, have opened a subscription for the Greeks,
The Vienna' Gazette contains the Resolution of the Emperor
on the representation of the Diet of Hungary, dated the 20th of
January. This Resolution agrees with the demands of theestates
with a very fe* restrictions.

AUGSBURG, MAY 11.
SOM6 per.otu have Mentioned an order of the late Emperor
Alexander, forbidding the anhe of children by the Kirgbis,„d

Kalmuck!. The following is a more particular account of this
traffic.

PETERSBURCII, APRIL 11 .
A few weeks before his death, the humane Emperor Alexander
sanctioned a beneficent decision of the Council of the Empire.
On the 20th Oct. he signed, at Taganrog, a Doklad of the Coun-
sel, abolishing for ever, and prohibiting, under severe penalties, the
trade with children, which was carried on with circumstances
great cruelty by the Kirghis and Kalmuck tribes, on the whole
line of Siberia and Orenburg. The manner of this trade was as
follows :—The Kirghis and Kalmucks, in their predatory ex-
cursions, carry off not only cattle but children • they bring the
latter to the market, where a real wholesale trade ,is carried on
with them. The citizens, who carried on this infammurtraffic,
either purchased them with money, or gave goods in ex-
change. The ordinary price of a stolen • Kirghis child was
from ten to twenty-five rubles, not more. The facility
with which these stolen ' children were disposed of, en-
couraged the Kirghis-Kalmucks in this species of robbery, which
they generally practised in the spring. The persons engaged in
this trade kept the children they had purchased 'in the hardest
slavery, accompanied with all kinds of privations, till the follow.
ing December or January, when they took them in waggons, in
great numbers, to the annual fair at Irbit, where citizens or mer-
chants purchased them with money or goods, or sometimes re-
ceived them as presents. The Kirghis and Kalmucke, when in
times of scarcity their stores of provisions are exhausted, often
send their own children for sale to the markets. These unhappy
victims are also considered in the most humane manner in the
abovementione,d Decree of the Cotincil of the Empire of Oct. 20,
1825. The Central Authorities of Siberia and Orenburgh are
enjoined to fix the expences of maintaining them, to place them
with humane villagers, who are to be indemnified for trouble in
bringing them up by the labour of their children when they are
older; and after a certain number of years, the latter become wholly
five.
