58 0

) s•""°s'
p J.
ie 40 0 4E393 00
47 0 44 d
is 410 4130
46 0 ,xi
le 40° 61
le 400
101 b. 1/7 26 0 )/7 °
r, 25 0 Q 2
ig 20 0

led di' ill°
aes'e•
bosioe.9
soot- y
esent on
Chronide.,i
11"1',1
bout to
IcktabW•

IMPORTANT. MEETING of the FRIENDS of
CIVIL and RELIGIOUS LIBERTY in CORK.

Cork, Thursday, Half-past Four o'Clock.

A meeting of the inhabitants of this City took place
So-day in the South Parish Chapel, and has this moment
separated.

At one o'clock, CHARLES BEAMISH, Esq. (of the ex-
tensive firm of Beatnish and Crawford) was called 'to the
Chair by acclamation.
Mr. O'Cotester.r. then arose, and spoke to the follow-
ing effect :—Yes, nay Countrymen, the country is tranquil,
end the factions who disgraced her, the Black Hens and
the Magpies—the three-year-old, and four-year-old--who
'pilled each others Wood, committing treason against the
Majesty of God, and the laws of man, for which they
found Juries flippant enough to send them exiles to Botany
!'aY.—All these heard the voice of the Catholic Associa-
"en, they looked with shame upon their former enmity,
they embraced as brothers, and they new seem more like
nue large family than people formerly thirsting for each
other's blood. I learn that in this county the Condors,
the Barrens, and the Powers, the Keefes, and the Fitz-
gibbons,--the Keyes and the Fitegeralds, still pursue their
feuds. Oh, the Orangemen wish for nothing so much as
these quarrels,—will you gratify them ? No ; what the
counties of Tipperary and Limerick are in peace, the
county of Cork will be. This city is full of the Orange
faction ; the leading men in the city are Orangemen. The
Corporate offices are filled with them ; if a situation of
rank or. Tower be vacant in the Corporate Magistracy, an
Ora,ngernan fills it. To these nothing is more acceptable
than your disunion. We want no secret organ—we abhor
Fret oaths. I wish, ye could trumpet it through the
1411,11 that whoever belongs to any Secret Societies fur-
nishes food to the insatiable appetite of the Orange
uelnon of mischief. We are strong while we obey
the laws, we are powerless where we disobey them.
You have one over you, the gallant Anglesea, God bless
dim, who, I will answer for it, will protect you ; and I
observe in the Tipperary Free Press, received this morn-
ass, that he said within the last week, that " he came to
eritninister the laws, and would recognize as the beat pa-
triot hies who best -obeys them." You see he styles here
the beet Irieh patriot who obeys the laws, and unless your
'ids be' deeply impressed with the pure and undefiled
tenets of religion, which speak to the human heart, and
Pre 'a
prospect of future rewards, you in vain essay to
"e this kind of patriot. The Biblical Saints of England
eel( this country " unhappy, benighted Ireland ;" why,
there is more crime in one county of England than in the
*hole of Ireland. This is a proud and a glorious topic :
lye are obedient to the civil laws ; we have abolished crime;
e are united, and shall we submit to crouch in slavery or
thraldom to creatures inferior to us ,to the very spawn of man-
kind? No !my countrymen, this cannot—it shall not—it will
not be•—(Shouts of applause, repeated several times, fol-
iTwed this declaration.)--I am not drawing an over-
t`Targed picture of the tranquillity of the laud. A short
woe since three robbers attacked the house of a Protestant
Gentleman in Tipperary ; the Roman Catholic curate and
4!* flock were leaving their chapel when the alarm was
given,
they jumped over the ditches, scoured the country
4 Pursuit of the robbers, and one noble fellow actually
170 k two of them prisoners. The police were, I suppose,
"*Y at the Brunswickers' Constitutional Clubs. At
mother time, when they were absent at church, I sup-
-1,),(4e, the villagers who had a hint stopped a robber, and
drove him out of the county. The people are the best
Police : we all are honest now. Shakspeare, in that part
of 3facketle which is not acted, makes a mother tell her
"1", "MY child, be honest or you'll be hanged." " Why,
Inatren
they are,
are all knaves hanged ? the knaves are fools if
are, for there are three knaves to one honest man !" In
England there are, indeed, three knaves to one honest man.
In Ireland there are one thousand honest men to one knave.
At the late Dublin dinner a Judge, and one about to be a
Judge, joined in the orgies. Master Ellis is the Judge;
he
gave 10,500/. for the office—he got it for value re-
e‘'ived• He came this circuit with me about twelve years
ago. Patronage he did not want—the High Church
party would willingly push him forward—nay, some of
them tried him, and gave him briefs ; but in the end they
tame to me, and while I was advancing in my profestion
Master Ellis was not going back—for there was no " back"
for him to go. It reminds me of a private, one Felix
*earthy, in the Kerry Militia, who was generally late
On parade. " Ah, Felix," said the serjeant, "you are al-
Ways last." "Be easy, Serjeant Sullivan," was his reply,
sure some one must be last !" So in the law some one
Must be last, and Ellis was that one. As he was unable
to get briefs as a lawyer, he thought he was qualified to be
`judge, and he purchased the judicial office of Master
of Chancerys At that dinner, too, Mr. Saurin made
speech—this saint of Orangeism, who would pollute
the sacred ermine of justice by party bigotry.—
And Serjeant Lefroy was at this feast.—Lefroy, who
Walks to Church on Suuday, with his children, each car-
qiug a prayer-book large enough to cover him, freighted
With the family piety.—Lefroy, who cheered the Duke of
Cumberland, the Orange Saint of England, he to whom
tl!e people of England refused to entrust the education of
the own son. lam not behind the curtain. I know not
" why." I take the fact as I find it on the broad
Pscord of the Parliamentary proeedings. Stand forward,
Meant Lefroy, and say, is this Saint of Orangeism one
m fathers, brothers, and sons ought to imitate ? If he
'44 Poor, who would execrate him as you would ? but
Plate sins with rags, a pin will pierce them through ;
plate them with gold, no shield cad penetrate.
2tul at that dinner was the ghost of 98 ! of tortures, of
;4x:t
etc Claudius Beresford—he, from the murders
jou* riding-school. He said that a little blood (20 or
)000 its calla a little) might recently have put us down,
but now that streams, rivers of gore would be necessary.
•,...He calls himself a Protestant, hut is not, for he is no
`"
,hristian ; he is a colleague of Lefroy—of the praiser of
1/4ttriti's letter. The colleague of Beresford to be a Judge !
The sympathetic link of the Catholic rent has corniuuni-
541ed an electric power that ran through our chains and
;11tsred the hearts of our body, and the Protestants who
lbri with us.—(Cheers.)—Yee, those are the cheers I love.
we have the illustrious Brownlow with us, and as kindred
lied—as noble a spirit—George Robert Dawson has
proclaimed himself a convert to liberty.—(This was re-
i'pred with enthusiastic applause.)—Would that he could
sr that shout. I have not language—l have not terms
me
Inate to praise him, to soothe his ear and gratify his
bond and honest judgment—to atone for the envenomed
Ej'Bes his avowal was met with in Derry. Let us pour
b'ssings on those who join him. Amid the orgies of
Ater
and the rancour of his foes, he had the honesty,
ttit'r acknowledging the gallantry and chivalry of Walker,
4,.eaet one glance o the faded lories and neglected tomb
Ireland's not leesn gallant partigsan—the brave Sarsfield.
httve as his own sword—constant as is the steel to adamant,
Lfi had slumbered in his tomb without a solitary tear to bedew
1:41,61. He did justice to his memory, and if on the gar-
ittkl he east upon his grave there be found one Orange lily,
not be less welcome to his manes, or less prized by his
isl4trY• Dawson has shown himself a good man among
k tue mks, and on him and all who repent we will bestow
trZarY indulgence. Thus far au I cheered in my pro-
What next? The establishment of liberal clube.
fig not Cork support one ?—(Voices from the crowd,
sti,,eks)—lt would register freeholds. When in Cork
W 4 800 voted against Gerrard Callaghan. The rest
content to have " Slave" branded on their foreheads.
nthi
stli 'V is more deplorable than having only 300 voting
14t him at the last election. Increase the votes—keep
sod °ul,—make Sir Nicholas Colthnrst better than he is,
rite.gwe the son of Hutchinson an hereditary claim on the
Flit Insure County Members who will vote for you.
14, Club would also increase the collection of the Rent.
,eeople only want collectors. I heard an old woman
!Ned' Was glad she " spared the tobaccy, as the penny it
p-cost would put a nail into the coffin of Orangeistn."
,Is several who are Orangemen contribute to the rent.
hod are there were only four Protestant forty-shilling free-
will 111 and three of them voted for me. The liberal club
will be exclusive; friends of liberty may join it. It
to bea police on the police—it will not suffer the people
will :I'4. It will be a guardian over the guardians—it
any !Itch over the magistracy, and report to Sir A. Hart
nu ,
"Os rreeds. It was a liberal club that prosecutes! to
Orw tom the Toomevara police at Tipperary. The
to wialie.tnen have sent emissaries from Dublin in my name
collet mister secret oaths. I hate secret oaths. The rent
Leto s„," to;)k one ip ; they brought him before the
fore
_loeyor, who said, " it is pop 9 of my hgsiness ;" be-
ehild7 Alderman, who responded, " he's none of my
pilitot:irre2-altaYthroaungioivheer
be,th e bead-roll of Magistrates, and,
he is now in Newgate. No one,
skejtt or Catholic, can be a rent collector who is not re-
a moral man by his own Clergy. I want orderly
, I) to a.ssist me. We are contending for Ireland, and she shall
"free.
tte4lie Foster, who is a wonderful arithmetician, cal_
are e Protestants of Ireland to be a million. Now, halfof
tkli°ll-herelvweinr:n. In the census returned to the Associa-
more Catholic men than women, and more
the taut women than men. I account for it thus—
th Protestants are drawn off to fill places, and the Ca-
half.Csremain at home. Well, of the 500,000 left, one-
euell "re "re boys and old men. This leaves 250,000 fighting
hav_.---and are all of them against us ? No ; they may
child one-half, and not the biggest half either, as the
equal
?If the entire were with them, does 250,000
0
quis 0 Frighten Government indeed !If the Mar-.
43441 An glesea gave me command in Cork alone, boss, bow
Wouldjoin nie, do you think ?—(Cheers which con-
