PRICE sd.

TATTERSALL'S-THIS EVENING

HALF-PAST SIX O'CLOCK.
ST. LEGER.
5 to 2 agst Lord Westminster's lot—taken
4 to 1 agst Launcelut—taken
7 to 1 agst Crucifix
8 to 1 agst Gibraltar—taken
8 to 1 agst Gambia—taken
9 to 1 agst Galen
14 to 1 agst Moroon—taken
15 to 1 agst Broadwath
20 to 1 agst Theon
20 to 1 agst Dr. Caius
27 to 1 agst St. Andrew
50 to 1 agst Dragton
50 to 1 agst Viceroy—taken
2000 to 20 agst Alonzo—taken

DERBY, 1845.
7to 2 agst Scott's lot—offered
Maroon was backed for 2001. at 14 to —taken
Gambia to very little.
A thin room, and very little betting, owing to the Brighton
Races, most of the subscribers being there.

SLAVERY IN THE UNITED

STATES.

A meeting held lately at Washington of the aboli-
tionists of slavery, and the resolutions passed on the
occasion, have given rise to the most hostile feelings
between the parties 'in America who are adverse or
otherwise to the views of the Abolition Society. The
resolution which has chiefly given rise to the contest
is, that the coloured population of Upper Canada
having sought protection under the British Crown,
are, though colonised by their own consent beyond
the boundary, not only entitled to the sympathies
of their friends in the Union, but stand among
the most deeply injured of the human race.
The indignation which such a resolution would ex-
cite among those opposed to the Abolitionists is easily
conceived. They call it an invitation to the slaves of
the south to run away from their masters, and an
offer of refuge in a neighbouring province, where they
will be orotected by the abolitionists, if they cannot set
Itheir matters at defiance in the United States. Con-
sidering the whole as a step against the rights of the
south, the anti-abolitionists are particularly indignant at
the southern representatives, who favour such opera-
tions. The remarkable part, however, of these resolu-
tions is one regarding a conference in London to settle
these q2estions, and which increased the indignation.
In these resolutions a heartfelt interest is professed on
the part of the American Anti-Slavery Society in what
they term the " World's Convention," about to as-
semble -at :London, and an anticipation from its la-
bours of a powerful influence on the general condition
of the victims of slavepy. Certain persons were even
appointed by the Bnti-Siavery Society to represent
them in the " World's Convention." Such an appoint-
ment of deputies is regarded with extreme jealousy by
the anti-abolitionists, who consider it a co-operation of
rival nations in a plan which may ultimately destroy the
Union itself. Nor do they merely regard this as an
ultimate result of which the abolitionists may them-
selves be ignorant, but think that they actually aim
at a total subversion of the American Government.
The two parties seem neither of them to have acted
with sufficient discretion. The abolitionists indulge in
invectives against the whole American Church for not
assisting them in their endeavours, and thus needlessly
excite much bitter feeling ; while the other party, In
their eagerness to show the danger the Government is
likely to suffer from the abolitionists, and to prove that
their zeal is actually treasonable, rather hold up the
weakness of a Government they are labouring to de-
fend, and might, if not careful, identify the interests of
the country with those of inhumanity. As the indica.
Lion of a new point to which the contest on the slavery
question has arrived in the United States, and in which
Great Britain is to be brought, if possible, to take a di.
rect concern, these proceedings arc well entitled to at-
tention. What degree of support they may be expec-
ted to receive from the abolitionist of this country re-
mains to be seen ; the appeal may place them in a
very delicate and difficult position.—Times.
