18th Wt., as the Chief Commissioner of Woods and Fonda
would then be absent.

Mir. 111." A. TAYLOR made a few observations, which
were inaudible ; but we understood Lim to agree to the
postponement suggested.

.
• . Mr. GORDON brought up the Report on the Pauper
Lunatics Asylum ,Bill, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr, SPRING RICE presented a petition from the
inhabitants of the.city of Cork, complaining of the tax
upon Coals carried coastwise. . The Right Woo. Gentle-
man gave notice that he would, on Thursday next, move for
accounts connected with the subject, with the view of
bringing in a Bill to remedy the evil complained of by the
petitioners. .

- Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition from the
West India Planters and Merchants residing at Bristol,
praying for a reduction of the port duties upon West India
produce.
Mr. STEWART wished to ask whether it was the in-
tention of his Majesty's Government to propose an equa-
lization of the Duties upon East and West India produce.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said it was
not his intention at present to propose any measure of that
description.

Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented a petition from the pro-
. •
Prietora of West India property residing in Edinburgh,
praying that an inquiry be instituted into the condition of
Slaves in the West India Colonies.
Sir R. WILSON, did not complain of the petitioners
coming forward with a prayer for inquiry into the condi-
tion of the Slaves in the West Indies, but he must say,
that even if upon inquiry it should turn out that the Slaves
were as comfortable as the peasantry of any part of the
empire, that would not do away with his objections to
the system of slavery, by which one set of human beings
treated another set as goods and Chattels, and claimed the
right not only of selling them like beasts of the Seld, but
of doing violence to the feelings of slaves by separating the
husband and wife, the father and child, and the sister and
beother.

The petition was brought up and read.
Mr. HUME said, that he had on the sth of March last
moved for certain returns relative to Coals imported into
London and Southwark, which bad not yet been made, and
he should, therefore, move that those returns be made forth-
with.—Ordered accordingly.
Sir R. WILSON presented a petition from the Welsh
C.Alvitlists of Jewiu Chapel, in favour of the Roman Ca-
tholic Claims.

Lord CLIVE presented a petition from the landowners
in the ricinily of Ludlow, praying for further protection to
British Barley.

EAST RETFORD.

The further discussion upon the East Itetford Dis-
franchisement Bill was postponed to neat Friday se'nnight.
Mr. W. WHITAIORE presented a petition from Os-
westry, against slavery in the West Indies.

Mr. H. GRATTAN presented a petition from persons
interested in the lead mines of Glatirusk, against the im-
portation of foreign lead ore.
Mr. HIJAKISSON presented a petition from Liverpool,
against West India Slavery.
Lord G. CAVENDISH presented a petition from cer-
tain Catholics of the county of Derby, praying for Eniapci..
pation,

Sir T. ACLAND presented petitions aga'last West India
Slavery, from Davenport and Plymouth.
Mr. BROUGHAM presented a petition from the Anti-
Slavery Society, praying for the abolition of slavery in the
West Indies. The Hon. Member, seeing the Right Hon.
Secretary (Mr. Peel) in his place, wished to ask him whe-
ther it was his intention to introduce into Parliament this
Session, any measure for enforcing, or compelling the en-
forcement, on the'part of the proprietor of slaves, of the
regulations passed by the House on the treatment of slaves?
Mr. Secretary PEEL was not prepared at present to an-
nounce any particular course to be adopted by the Govern-
ment.

Mr. BROUGHAM said his reason for asking the
question was, that he intended, if the Government would
not, to introduce a measure, whose object would be to take
the enforcement of the slave regulations into the bands of
Parliament, as the slave proprietors had omitted to enforce
them.

Mr. Secretary PEEL stated, that it was not the inton-
tion of the Governuient to introduce any coercive measure
on the subject this Session.
Mr. BROUGHAM wished to know at what time the
Gallant General appainted to the head of the Colonial
Office, might be expected to be returned to Parliament?
Here a Member said, Vile should be returned.
Mr. BROUGHAM thserved, that he had no doubt the
Gallant, General, being now a Minister, and having large
patronage, would be returned to .Parliament. His reason
for asking the time when the Gallant General might appear
in the House was, that he did not wish to introduce a mea-
sure on the subject in the absence of time head of the Colonial
Office. Supposing that the Gallant General must he re-
turned before the Ist of July, he (Mr. Brougham) should
accordingly give n.tice of himi intention to introduce a Bill
on that day, lst of July, making the evidence of slaves
admissible, under certain restrictions.

Mr. F YLER presented a petition from the city of Co-
ventry; praying the abolition of slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition from
an individual named Gude, praying that the auction duty
of an estate, to whirls he could not prove the title, and
which was nut therefore sold, might be refunded to him.
Mr. W. HARVEY, Alderman WAITHMAN, Mr. BARING,
and Mr. Hume, supported the prayer of the petition.
After a few words from the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER and Mr. Sucnuti, the petition was ordered to
be printed.

Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from the county
of Norfolk, praying for the Abolition'of Slavery. Ako, a
petition to the same effect from the city of Norwich.
PORTUGAL.

On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EX-
CHEQUER, for the House resolving itself into a Com-
mittee of Ways and Means,

Mr. DAVENPORT was anxious of putting a few ques-
tions to the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite, relative to a
subject of considerable importance to the Government of
this country, as well as to that which it inure nearly con-
cerned. It was well known to the House, that Portugal
had for some time been iu a state extremely unsatisfactory,
arising from civil broils and contentions. The facts were
briefly these :—A Prince known three years ago only by
his having committed a very atrocious murder, and having
seized upon the person of his father, was subsequently sent
to Austria to take lessons under Prince Metternich, and ea
soon as his education was deemed completed, was called
back to his own country to preside over its Constitution.
On his return to. Portugal he visited this country, and
having given a solemn pledge to the Court of London that
he would observe the laws and uphold the spirit of the
Constitution, which pledge he had previously given to the
Courts of Vienna and Paris—after he had enjoyed the so-
ciety of the Constitutional King of this country.-.-went
hence to Portugal, and there took the oaths of the Consti-
tution with all solemnity and apparent sincerity; but
then, with a perfidy unexamp'ed, he suddenly threw off
the mask and conspired against that Constitution to
which he had so solemnly sworn. The consequence
of such proceedings was the utmost confusion and
consternation ; the affrighted Constitutionalists sought fur
refuge in every thing which seemed to afford them security.
They sought for safety and protection in their ships, and
whatever was at all likely to screen them froth the malice
of their enemy; and yet, strange as it may appear, and
strange alit ought to appear, this moment of agony was the
one chosen for the withdrawing of the British troops. The
forts were consequently turned into State dungeons. He
looked upon the removal of the British at this dreadful and
important crisis—at this solemn moment--as a cool blooded
and heartless measure, and one of extremely had policy ;
and he wished to know whether, by withdrawing the troops,
it was intended to expose Portugal to all the horrors she
had subsequently, undergone, or whether it was as acci-
dent and not a premeditated design. lie had heard it said
that a Noble Lord had written letters to the Government
of Don Miguel encouraging them to persevere in their pro-
ceedings; he hoped, however, that such was not the case.
He wished to know on what terms the fortresses on the
Tagus were given up, and he also wished to know what
steps had been taken to recover the sums of money due to
us by Portugal fur the support of the troops. He was also
anxious to know how fat• England was bound to support
the Government of the Usurper, and those who were about
him?

Mr. PEEL—I feel obliged to the Hon. Member for ex-
plaining his questions, WI it is very unsatisfactory to a per-
son in my situation to have questions on matters of fact put
to him, preceded by copious comments of a nature to excite
a discussion for which be may not be prepared. As to the
first question—namely, en what terms did the British
troops give up the fortresses ? 1 have to say, that before
the.arrival of bon Miguel in Portugal, it had been deter-
mined by this Government, that whenever the object for
which the troops were sent out should have been accomp-
lished, namely, when the apprehension of a foreign invasion
should have disappeared, then the time would come for
withdrawing our troops from Portugal. The troops had
been sent out in accordance with the obligations of a
Treaty to protect Portugal against foreign invasion; not
for the purpose of supporting any party, or taking part in
any intestine differences. The fears of invasion having
disappeared, our troops were of course withdrawn, and the
forts consequently given up to the proper authorities.
Nothing could have been more abhorrent from the ob. ,

~ ~-;/+' -

•
ject of the expedition than to leave the troops there
after the object of it had bent, The withdrawal
of the troops necessarily [Hee,— ten. a consequence,
the delivery of the fortres.,cs. A- .c.,e second ques-
tion, whether before we gave up the fortreisis we demanded
or received any securities for the sums due to us by the
Portuguese Government, all I shall say is, that I should
sincerely lament that thiiC'courftrY should 'set the example
to the rest of Europe' f keeping possession of valuable *for-
tresses on account of pecuniary claims. The convention
with Portugal was yet in force, but the anaciunt was not ut
all so large as had been thought—it did not, exceed
160,000/. As to the retention of the forts as a 'pledge fir
the payment of that sues, there was no precedent for' it,,
and this country would not be justifiable in keeping pos-
session of them under any such circumstances.. As to the
third 'questiOn, I can state that, at this moment, the diplo-
matic functions of the Ambassador of this, country at the
Court of Portugal are suspended. The construction put
by the British Government on the proceedings in Portugal
will appear manifest by this face, that the British Ambas-
sador to that country has been suspended. As to the Hon.
Gentleman's observations on the political educatiou of Dun
Miguel, andron Prince Metternich, I feel pleasure in in-
inrming him, that Ito far as the latter is concerned, they are
quite unfounded, as the course taken by the Ambassador Of
Austria in Portugal has been in strict conformity with that
of the British Ambassador, and that the views of the Court
of Austria and of Prince 'Metternich on the Subject are
quite in concurrence with those entertained by the British
Government. The view taken by the British Govern-
ment is manifest from the suspension of our diplomatic re-
lations. As to other observations of the Hon. Member, I
must say that be ought to be quite certain of the facts be-
fore he made such grave charges. am sure Hon. Mem-
bers will think that such a charge as murder ought not to
he made against a foreign Prince in a British House of
Commons, and that in the absence of the party charged
with the crime.—(Cheering.)
Sir J. MACKINTOSH was glad to learn that the pro-
ceedings in Portugal had beetiacknowledged by the Powers
of Europe to lie what they really were, usurpation and
tebelliou. As to the character of the author of that re-
bellion, lie should leave it to history. Me was glad, too,
to learn that the loyal subjects of Don Pedro had taken
measures to resist that usurpation, and to extinguish that'
rebellion. He hoped'that the Jesuits would bring, on the
rusthors of that rebellion and usurpation that fate which
their crimes of every sort deserved, and that the efforts of
the loyal friends of the Constitution in Portugal would now
prove that they were not indifferent to liberty, and would
prove false the assertion co often made, that England bad
imposed a Constitution on them, and dragooned them into
liberty. Such was not the fact; for the British troops
had been sent out to perform the sacred obligations of
treaties—but there was one grave charge to which the
Right Hon. Secretary had given no answer.
Mr. Secretary PEEL—Lnow remember what it is to
which the Right Hon. and Learned Gentleman ethnics—
the correspondence.
Mi. DAVENPORT here explained, that he understood
a certain Noble Lord, high in 'the Ordnance Office, had
written letters to the intrusive Government of Don Miguel,
exhorting them to persevere in their proceedings.
Mr. Secretary PEEL—On that I must say, that I know'
uo person who has authority to speak the sentiments of
the British Government, other than the British Ambas-
sador ; if any other person has uttered sentiments of appro-
bOtion of the conduct of the Portuguese Government, or any
other sentiments than those manifested by the suspension of
our diplomatic communications, that persOn has spoken
sentiments, not only not warranted by the conduct of the
British Government, but I will venture to say sentiments
different not only from those of the Government, but from
any individual Member of the Government.—(Cheering.)
Sir J. MACKINTOSH—Dees the Right Hon. Gentle-
man deny that letters to the effect stated were written ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL—I have no knowledge of the fact.
What I say is, that if any persons has written to the Portu-
guese Government, otherwise than on terms of strong dis-
satisfaction, indeed, disapprobation, of the conduct of those
persons opposed to Don Pedro's authority in Portugal, that
person has misrepresented the seutimenta of the 'British
Government.—(Loud cheering.)
Sir .1. MACKINTOSH—I do not wish to know whether
the letters have been written, but whether the Right Hon.
Gentleman disavows the contents of them—the sentiments?
Mr. PEEL--,Disavow them ! entirely, entirely.—(En-
thusiastic cheering.)
Mr. DAVENPORT, in explanation, said, that a him'
of his told him that he had heard Lord Liverpool declare
his belief that Don Miguel had committed murder.—(Cries
of oh! oh! oh!)
The House then resolved itself into a Committee.
SUGAR DUTIES.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose for
the purpose of moving fur the continuance of the existing
duties on sugar for another year. During the earlier part
of the present Session, attempts had been made to revise
the existing law, or to make some arrangement with re-
spect to the sugar duties which would be more satisfactory
to all the parties concerned than that which now prevailed.
It was unnecesesty for him, he was sure, to enter into the
details of the various plans proposed at differeut times to
effect this object, since none of them had been found to
conciliate those whose benefit they were intended, and
against all of them substantial objections might be urged.
He had, therefore, deemed it the most prudent course to
propose the continuance of those duties fur another Session.
The House must be aware of the largerevenue derived from
sugar, and they could not but feel, that under circumstan-
ces even of the most favourable nature for that purpose, it
was a commodity which could not be smuggled.—(Rear,
hear.) The Hon. Gentleman who cried " hear," seemed
to doubt that proposition ; but from the best information
liecould obtain, smuggling of sugar to any considerable ex-
tent never was effected. In considering the duty, there-
fore, they had allowance to make fur a probable increase in
smuggling. The average annual sum paid for duties on
sugar amounted to 4,500,000/. ; and lie was sure, that
whatever opinion might be entertained by individuals us to
the amount of protection granted to one species of sugar
over another, still those opinions, though they might be
hostile to the present system, when the question was prac-
tically considered, must be overcome by the recollection,
that any person holding his situation ought not lightly to
hazard a large amount of duties, which had been long con-
tinued, and was easily enforced and collected. The Right
Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving "That the several
duties on sugar which would expire on the sth of July,
1828, be further continued to the sth of July, 1829."
Mr. C. GRANT stated that his Right Hon. Friend
himself would not deny that he had given his best atten-
tion to the subject for the purpose of correcting the ano-
malies of the system, and in order to give satisfaction to all
parties. A proposition was made last year by those inte-
rested in the question, the nature of which was already be-
fore the public. He should abstain from entering into the
details of that plan, because when it becatne his duty to
meet the refiners, and other parties who had interest in
it, he found, after maturely considering the subject, that
it was his duty to reject what was proffered. He followed
up that by another proposition, in some respects similar to
that to which lie had referred, but in others gxtremely dif-
ferent. In that plan he slid nut contemplate the restora-
tion of bounties as had existed a few years before. After
giving much consideration to the subject► he had arrived
at this conclusion—that the only efficient' plan would be
one founded on the' principle of a reduction of duty. The
plan which he had at that time considered, he did not corn.
munieate either to the East India or' West India Interest.
He had abstained from making that communication until
the sanction of Government was obtained, and he knew
that the Government were ready to agree to any proposi-
tion not extravagant or unreasonable, with regard to. a re-
duction of duty. tie therefore had proposed a reduction
I to the amount of 7s.,—that was, from 275. to 20s. on
West India sugar. His next proposition was, that the
duty on East India sugars should be lowered 55., and that
foreign sugars should be admitted at a duty of 285., and
that it might be bonded at a much lower rate. This
proposition was favourably considered by his Right
Honourable Friend, and by other Members of the
Government. lie knew there were many persoos
who would object to the proposition which be hail stated,
on the ground of its nut being a sufficient reduction,
but under the existing circumstances he could not well see
how a greater reduction could be made. He was con-
vinced that a reduction of the duties would tend to increase
the consumptiou. -He had seen a calculation which made
the quantity of sugar consumed in this country amount to
twenty-two pounds for each person in the year. But this
must be extremely inaccurate—for, in our vest, work-
houses, the quantity was thirty-four pounds a head ; and
in private houses, the allowance was one pound a week,
which would amount to fifty-two pounds in the year.
This was a proof that nothing but a high duty checked
the consumption of sugar. But if this calculation were
wrong as far as England
1 csalvcauslactoionncertAn,edea,clikt
iwnadsiviistelurfaelctilny
ridiculous with respect to Ireland. Three pounds was the
tql‘talatnctiotuynatlrlyo. With
wediY
respect to East Indian sugar, he was
tai
uo p
dt
arirepard
sugare should
proposeb heequalized,t at the dutiesb s but in
ionn
everylt:a sand t
otheWiser
tide he thought there should be a difference between East
and West Indian produce. By a Bill which be had pre-
pared, and meant to bring in after the recess—but which
he supposed either his Right Hon. Friend, the Vice-Presi-
dent of the Board of Trade, or the great unknown, who
was nut yet appointed—(hear, and laughter).....would new

bring Wore the House had ineandeil'itisPrit this prin-
ciple in practice—to admit East India ootton as freely as
West Indian, and indeed to retain no exception but the ar-
ticles of sugar and coffee. He did think that in'regurd to
East and West lialia•produce, the parties interested Were
equally mistaken. If he were called upon to give advice to
the West Indian proprietors, he Would tell them that it was
well to forego a distinction which . only tended to keep
alive animosity and obloquy, and which was a 'perpetuil
theme of mutual accusation and invective. He did not
think that it would affect the profit of the West Indian pro-
prietor, but even. if it did, be thought that the benefit
which would anise from the removal of this distinction
would amply compensate for such a loss, which waled be
extremely trifling. Some of the refiners had suffered deeply
from the presentsystem. Sugar from'Cuba and the Brazils
would have foinul its way to the emporium of this coun-
try, if it had not been for the exclusive system. Cuba
produced 90,000 tons, and the Braid's 40,000 tons. To
carry the Cargoes of such countries would have conferred a
material value on our shipping. If he were asked whe-
ther' a departure from the system would not be Productivo
of a reduction in the revenue, he would reply, that he
might be too sanguine, but that it appeared to him that it
would cause but a little decrease in the reverare that year,
and that there was so doubt that it would cause an aug-
mentation of revenue in every other year. Let Lim assume
that all the surplus sugar had been absorbed here. Now, if
the dates upon which he calculated were not absurd—and
he believed them to be the contrary—theduty which would
have resulted in the last four years from East and West
Indian sugar, and sugar from the Mauritius, would, at a
duty of 205., have amounted to 4,500,0001. If his calcu-
lation were correct, there could therefore be little fear of
a diminution of revenue. In his humble opiuiou, a plan
might be formed on the basis of reduction of duty which
would be found beneficial to the West Indian grower, and
to the East Indian produce, which would protect the re-
finer, and which would prove advantageous to the shipping
interest of the country.
Mr. WOOLRYCHE WHIT3IORE concurred with his
Right 'Honourable Friend, in wishing for a reduction of
the duty on East India sugar, but was utterly at a loss a
know why there should be any difference in the duties laid
upon the produce of the East and West Indies. He knew
not how the distiuctlou was settled in 1815, it certainly
was not openly; it appeared to have been brought about
by means-of par ties who were more interested in its ac-
complishment. The measure certainly stood not upon it
prescriptive tight, nor upon the grounds of justice; and
its adoption seemed to be both impolitic and uujust. If
sugar 'were admitted iwo the English market form the
East and West Indies on equal terms, a considerable ad-
vantage appeared to him likely to result. The exports of
British merchandise to the East Indies amounted, in the
year 1814, to the value of 160,0961. ; but those of 1826
to the considerably increased sum of 480,072/. He be
lieved that there was not on record so great au increase of
trade in so short a period. This chewed that the exports from
this country were more than ever on the increase. Eves
encouragement was give to commerce, and held out to that
country to carry on a free trade with England ; and he
thought that it became this country to grant an equal en-
couragement to those of the East Indies to carry on the
same friendly intercourse. There was one other point to
which he wished to advert ; sugar was admitted into this
country from the ;Mauritius on the same terms as that from
the West Indies, and he could not see the consi'tency of
laying a heavier duty on mast India sugar.
Mr. BERNAL opposed the motion. -

Mr. HUME did not think the Right Hon. Gentleman
who had brought forward the motion bad assigned any
sufficient grounds why it should be agreed to.
Mr. STUART should suppo►t the amendment of the
Hen. Member for Bridgenerth.

Mr. BUXTON considered that the :pore sugar which
was grown, the more injurious it was to the negroes. He
hliotild refer to the Bahama Islands, where no sugar was
grown, and where the population was daily increasing--
and, on the other hand, in Trinidad awl Demerara, when
the greatest quantity was produced, the population was as
rapidly decreasing. If"the prosperity or misery of a coun-
try were to be judged of by the increase or decrease of its
population, the growth of sugar in the West Indies was evi
I tentlyrdetrimental to the inhabitants.

BRIGHT contended that many merchants con-
neCted with the West Indies considered the sugar trade of
that country much impaired by the reductions made in the
duty on sugar imported from the Mauritius. He thought
the West Indies were in a particular manner entitled to the
protection of Government. He was happy that the tun-.
tioti was not to be settled this' year, ace he would vote
with the Government that the present duty should remain.
Mr. TRANT said a few words which were inaudible.

Mr. HUSKISSON, though he could not concur in all
the reasons advanced, wished that the question should for
the present be postponed, for he thought it would receive
from the ChanceMr of the Exchequer all the consideration
that was due, not • only to the interests of the West India
colonies, but also to the East, to the shipping trade, and
above all,. to those of the great bulk of the British coo-
sinners of what was now one of their most essential com-
forts, and which it was most necessary to bring cheap into
the market. lie thought they were not only justified, but
called on not to attempt any change without knowing
what effect it would have en the revenue of the country.
The duty at present amounted to four or five millions, and
by taking off what was at present proposed, the reduction
would amount to nearly a million, which would only t,
compensated by an eucreased quantity of sugars imported.
He admitted that those who bad risked their for-
tunes, undar the impression that they were to have a mono-
poly of the trade, were entitled to some encouragement,
and he was therefore much inclined to continue some dis-
tinction. Sugar was now brought in American vessels to
France and other countries on the Continent for 'the pur-
pose of being refined, on account of the law which prohi-
bited the refinement of foreign sugars in this country. He
was ready to meet the non. Gentleman; whether the Go-
vernment did well or ill, in protecting the interest@ @f tlis
country in the sugar trade against the unwarrantable pre-
tensions of the United States of America. On the waolke,
however, he considered the matter would be much better
postponed.

After a few words from Mr. BRIGHT, Mr. BERNAT,
and Sir F. BLAKE, as we understood,

- The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that
after what had fallen front his Right Hon. Friend (Mr
Huskisson), it was not necessag fur him to enter int 4
'further explanation. He could assure the House that Le
was in no degree insensible to the protection to which
those who had vested their capital in West India property
were entitled. He thought the subject deserved much
consideration, and he gave the Hotta* the most unqualified
assurance that it should receive it. His Right Hon.
Friend bad justly stated, that in reducing the duty one-
third, they should consider what was likely to be the in-
crease of imports. The Right Mon. Gentleman here en-
tered into calculations to show that the increase would not
be in proportion to the proposed diminution of duty.
Mr. W. SIII7 H objected to the postponement of Ihr
measure.

Mr. W. WHITMORE then moved his amendment for
the insertion, after the original motion, of " save and ex-
cept augars from the East Indies," which was negative:l
without a division.

The original motion was then put, and, after a few
words from Mr. HusxtiSoN and the CHANCELLOR of the
Excitecauxa, was carried. . _

The Report was' brought up, and ordered to be further
considered on Wednesday next.

COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY.
On the motion of thir 'crIANCELLOR of the EX.
CHEQUER, the Houses after some objection* of Mr
HUME as to the lateness of the hour, resolved itself into
a Committee of Supply on the Irish Estimates. The fol-
lowing votes were put, namely :—.
House of Incinstry ................................. C21,101 0 0
Richmond Lunatic Asylum ..... . ..... ....... 6,658 0 0
Female Orphan Asylum 1.076 0 0
Lock Hospital
3,490 0 0
Lying-111 Hospital
Dr. Stephen's Hospital
1,700 0 /I
Fever Hospital,
Hospital of Incurables 485 0 0
Royal Dublin Society
Cork-street .........
,
7,000 0 0
Royal Irish Academy 3OO 0 0
Board of Charitable Bequests
Board of Works 16,000 U 0
Stationery &e. Under Secretary's Office,
, &c. a Dablin Castle
Publishing Proclamations, tte 5,80Q 0 Lo
Printing Statutes 3,500 0 0
Criminal Prosecutions 87,000 0 0
Protestant Dissenting Ministers 14,360 U u
Dubolfinso2m4:woarowitli
iii
Lottery Ottice.keepers' Salaries • '740 ti 2
Inland Navigation
Commission of Inquiry 7.3t4 o Li
Board of Public Records
Board of Public Wurg#
Mar.dGivoisaio. N,
TML.
. ~.o. 14,000 o o
Townland Surrey
*irened, the Chairman reported progress, and
OtThe
i 11ePhi:vollhoi (cot
trel .7,
H of
1 tdut I3h‘rie. 1 rsraiel
ttl Ile afoh rfNt. }:iiy;%. Ktriaa.., e e conversation
dbFl l li!' zi
inGoc CE n
withouti tlt' Ao ix
nF' i 1 , an d Mr..
Hotoxu,setotohke?;tresi,i,
asked leave to sit again on Wednesday.
EXCISE REVENUE ACTS.
The Excise Revenue Acts were, on the motion of Mr.
DAWSON, considered in Committee.
The other Orders of the Day were then divosed of, and
tfir House adjourned at Half-past One o'clock.

Sir GORE OUSELEY visited Sir GEC. MUR-
RAY yesterday at the Colonial

~?.
-----, '~,'.p

SPIRIT; OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We hive-in a preceding, paragraph given. what, now
appears to be the real Mate of affairs between the Russians
and the Turks. But that which we think yet mere deserving
of notices is a change of tone in Austria. It will be recol-
lected, that the most that was ever contended for by the
Duke of Wellington's protocol at. St. Petersburg'', and the
subsequent treaty of July, was a limited independence,
under a kind of feudal tenure, by which the Greeks were to
have the administration of their own internal concerns, and
to pay an annual milt-rent to Turkey. But 'vow, we
learn that the language of Austria is to this effect,
that Greice had better be a totally independent state,
---
that the mischief of a mixed governmeat has been felt in the
condition of the two provinces or principalities of,Moldavia.
and Walachia; and Austria,. we . presume, is willing to
support these principles. We can have no' Objection to,
them. Let Austria, who.is supposed to have considerable
influen'ce ever the councils of the Grand Seignur, prevail
upon hini to acqUiesce in an arrangement to this effect,'
and we suppose it will not be impossible to prevail on the
Russians to retire. Perhaps the proximity of Russian
forces may have produced this change in Austrian feelings.
HOwever, we are glad the change is produced. There
would- be much to settle in Greece—quite air much as in
Portugal-74f she were left to herself to-morrow.— Times.
The Catholic debate seas opened last night by Lord
Lansdowne, who prefaced his resolution for concurrence
with that of the Commons in a lucid and excellent speech.
The main points urged by the Noble Marquis were—lst,
The perfect safety with which equal privileges were granted
alike to Protestant and Catholic, as well in many States of
Europe as in those of North America; .2dly, The manifest
danger attending the political inequality in the condition
Hof those two sects in the British Empire. The speech
of the Noble Mover, however, was not followed by n
ay
discourse at all worthy of it, or " fit te be named in
" the same day with it." None but skirmishers made their
appearance on either side, though some, we admit, were
heavily armed for that description of service. A consider-
able addition was ingrafted on the farms of the House, ap-
propriate, we suppose, to this solemn occasion. Not only
were prayers read, as usual, by the junior Bishop, but the
junior Archbishop also (viz., he of Timm) delivered a long
sermon for the edification of their Lordships. Surely all
ought to agree not to argue the Catholic question theologi-
esally. The debate was journed.
live yesterday called the attention of our readers, and of
the Licensed Victuallers in particular, to an article which
.we'exttlieted from the Sunday Herald, relative to a Bill
which Was introduced a week or two 'ago, into the House
of summons, and has already been read twice in the Lords,
for tl.e purpose of 4' enabling certain hotel-keepers to be
licensed to keep hotels as common inns, alehouses, and vie-
taalling-bouses, and to sell therein beer and other exciseable
ficpiore, for the residue of the present year." The article
in question stated that -certaiu clauses were underetood to
have been surreptitiously introduced into the Bill, in its
presage , through the/ House of Commons, which went to
throw open the trade of the Licensed Victualler— to de-
preciate his property to the extent it at least 15 per cent
:mil, what was of even still greater importance, to-permit
Licenses to he panted indiscriminately to wine-rooms,
oyster-rooms, brothels, .arid hells uf all sorts and descrip-
tions ; and we added; that Par Paper of this day should
lataish either a confirmation or denial of the intelligence.
'We sow fulfil the pledge* by giving the Bill at length, as ,
amended by the Houie of Commoos. The additions to
the original Bill, which was only intended by the Chaueel-
lor of the Exchequer to
.apply to respectable hotels, we
have printed in a different letter, in order that their nature
may be thormighly comprolsondeo ; and it will be seen that
they fully bear out the statement which we made respecting
their operation. ~.If the Bill passes, in fart, the trade and.
the property of the licensed victualler are gone ; his glut-
„cwr is also, we may sey, , gone ; for if he is mixed up
with the irresponsible aad uPprincipled characters whoni
it
if. now ,proposed .to introdriga to his society, who will
not view with general suspicion a body; among whom
so many disreputable characters would be intro-
duced ? Oa a careful examination of the Bill, it will
he teen that it eoratains .two main clauses. The first
exempts all " the keepers of hotels-- or houses fur the tem-
porary residence or -.entertainment of guests, who have
not been licensed to keep a common inn, ale-house, or
victualling-house,' from the penalties anti disabilities to
which tt ey would be reputed by the Act of the Sbth faro.
/IL, arid frees , and diselmeegese them. both " from every
such penalty„ and from all proceedings for the recovery
thereof." The second clause goes a atep further, and ren-
ders it lawful " for any two Justices to grant a license to
any person who shall have kept and used any enek hotel
as se,foresaid, ut and from the first day of January, IBM
or at ady time between that day and the passing ofthis Act,
for the remainder of the present year, and instil the time
when the exeral her usa for that purpose are, according
to law, in due ,nurse, • renewable!" Non' to the first of
these clauses we bed;eve the Licensed Victuallers woold have
made no objection. Very have no wish to prevent respectable
botd-keepers front ree.erving licenses; nor, notwithstand-
ing the great loss of property which they have sustained
in consequence of the wine- roorn-keepeas, have they any
wish to prosecute them according to taw, Do the cotes
teary, they would eetrend. indulgence to the wits erg! for-,
giveaesa to the other, provided they would forbear freer
purse* similar courses ; but we, think it is ton much to
ask of them to permit a nest of dizeeputable creatures, who
have despoiled them of their protite end greatly depre-
ciated their property, not only to be mixed irp with them
in character, but without having incurred the dame expen-
diture Du their property to derive equal profits !h,
however, is the operation• of the iecond clause of te Bill.
" Houses of entertainment" are ceeta.inly omitted. in
that clause-Aiotels only Mentioned—and a Mime' pre-.
sumption might therefor.e be entertained, that ait),eugh
wine-rooms, as well as hotels, were to be exempted
from the penalties and disability which they have
incurred by a breach .of time 3.5 th of George
the Third, the . Hotels- only were intended by
the Legielature to be licesaad ; but there is an saicirtunate
Addition to the original douse which completely does away
with this Wes, and places the respectable hotel-keeper on a
level with theavine-room and brothel keeper, and both on
. the sante footing as the Licensed Victualler! The clause
to which we allude that it shall be lawful fur any two
or more Justices of the Pease, or Magistrates of any county,
city, borough, town or place la Great Britain, to grant
their authority or lieense to any pers.* keeping or using,
and who shall have kept end used any set* hotel as afore-.
.said, at and from the first :day of January, 182e1, pr at any
time between that day and //is passing of this Acf, to
keep such hotel as a comenon ion, aikitouse, or victualling-
house, fOr the remainder of the preaeat year," &c, It
might just 'as well hive been ensited ",that it shall be law_
fill for Any two
justices; to. license any wioeeroom, brothel;
cr other pi et
for although the words' of house of en-
ac
tertainment areooly in rtes in the, first clothe/ of the Bill,
the ex pressione "or alti.w;tilnebetweenthot day(msaningthe
of this Act,"_convey pre-
cisely Jan. 1928,) iorsi 4.47possing
the same meaning. The wine-room keeper has only
to write over the door tif rasscase the word hotel, to
bring himseif within the operatioa a:5 the Act; and so
ct are
efa those
fully aware of its who coma•e;saed and planned
that. one wine-room-leaver has,
this notable addition,
desit:vnated his house as an bosal
within the last few days,
„e est throw the whole trade
The effect of the Bill, in fact,
to introduce into it
of the Licensed Victuallers open,
a set of men with whom ori
Hotel-keepers ar Licensed Vic-
tualler would associate,—to rob a deserving aetmeritoue
.class of men of their property, and to eifich others ea. their
expense—to deprive the public of all sort of security for
the maintenance of quiet and good .order in public houses,
and tokeb
pose the public morals to the grossest conta mi na-
its
tion. Had " Hotels" only been included e Bill
operation would have been sufficiently utiachievoos ;--efor it
is notorious thet ournerOus houses of ill fame--hellsa-gains
bling-houses, &camas designated as Hotels both in the me-
tropolis and elsewhere.; but as it now stands, it is infinitely
worse, and leaves the Licensed Victuallers wholly unpro-
tected. The Bill was to have been gommitted last night
in the Lords ; but the al tide in the Sunday Herald, and
the currency given to it by the quotation of the pews-
paper, 'was aot without its use, The Licensed Victueliela
met, and their app to Nose 4 postponed to this I
evening was successful. We should b,e deceiving them,
however, if we gave them the least hopes of ',Dishing a suc-
cessful resistance to the Bill, without the most strenuous
efforts. One petition
will not do—there most be twenty
.
.—aye, a hundred petitionse-Petition neon petition, in fact,
groan under
riled the, table of the Hou safe ords shall
therro and their Lordshipsbeen made fully aware
that, in passing the Bill, they would not only he commit_
ling a gross act of injustice towardt a most respectable body
of men, but laying the foundation of a serious iujury to the
nubile morals.---/Iforning .Advertiser.

His Grace the Archbishop of f LJANt'S speech
on the Catholic Question is said to have bad a
o more
record.—
sooth-
ing influence on the House than any
speech n
" E'en Palinurns nodded at the helm."
His Royal Highness the Duke of CL, A RENCE
has issued Cards for a Breakfast on board the Navigation
Barge off Waterloo Bridge, on Wednesday, the I S th of J.
The barge will be moored on the Blackfriars side of the
bridge, and the company, for whom boats will be in readi-
tows, will embark at Whitehall stairs,
