WEST INDIES.

VALUABLE ESTATES in the ISLAND of TOBAGO
in the WEST INDIES, for SALE.
TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC ROUP,

Within the Royal Exekinge o:ffee-room, E
Wr.nsEsna v, the 15th day of June niov., at Two

o'clock, Afterno in,

rHE ESTATES of AUGYLE and IN-
VERAWE, advantr;,consly situated in the said
Island, with the negroes, aliod whole stock on
the said E.tatcs, inveptpri,s (If which wil; b, -exhibited.
The ARGYLE ESTATE com,ists in wtin.e of about
five hundred acres of Lind, one Intnired and fifty (flviiich
are in canes, one-hundred acres in nett() provision lend
and pasture, and ahont two hundred and fifty acres in mouu-
tain land bruAiltwooil.

The INVERAWE ESTATE eonsitts of about nine
hundred and forty-eight aerts; one knocked and twenty
~1 which are in canes anti cultivation, two hundr.ti acres
in pasture and neao provision ground, and the remainder
is uncultivated !and of wood and brush.

Upon bite Argyle Estate there are upwards of one
hundred neeroes, sixteen mules, seventeen working oxen,
twenty-eight pasture cattle, he. ides sheep. Tirere are
a dwelling house anti oot-buildings, a set of works con-
sisting of a mill with water-wheel, boiling-howe, curiae-
house, sti•l-house, rum-cellar, and Mule-pen, besides many
other• requisites.

Upon the Inverawe Estate therm ate upwards of ore
hundred and twenty Iwgrcxs, tem mules, eighteen, mom,
eighteen cow., besith-s sheep and other stock. Toe build-
:sni-rial consistry i h v'-wheel, , house,
honing-house
curing-house, still-house with liquor-vats and rum cam.,
and mule-pen, besides carious other appal:mance*.
C.piea of the inventories, and every requisite informa-
tion, will be furnish,d hr Alonerieff ,(Y.bster, awl Thom -
son, Solicitors, Old Palace-yard, 'WeAtoirste! ; Al`Dougaii,
Son, and Bainbrigge, Sui titers. Parliament-street. Lon-
don ; M'Grigor, Murray. at d IWGri4or, Writers ; !-
Duncan 1114 Gown, Glasgow; James alai Laurance DavP-
son, W. S. ; er Macmillan and Grant, W. S. Edinhurgi..

SCOTLAND.

BEAUTIFUL ESTATE in ROSS-SHIRE far SALE.

Guaranteed Return of Four per Cent. on the price
THE ESTATE of LETT ERIFI?,ARN,
lying along the side of Loch Duich, in the county
of Ross, one of the most celebrated of the Highland Lochs
both for heauty anti grandeur of scenery.
The soil and pasture of th, se lands a-e we'l known to
be of the ve y finest quality; indeed, n ) grLshig in the
Highlands can exc,l it in richres and variety. The ex-
tent of pasture is above 4500 acres, and of arable land
about 400 acres. The estate is }sounded on tie north and
west by Loch Disich, and on the south and east by the
estates of Glenelg and Giestshiel, the last of which is also
now in the market.

A celebrated Tourist (Dr. AlTulloch) describes Loch
Duich Duich " as presenting a succession of scenes as ',leasing as
they a-e utterly different from those of any cf the ntime-
rous inlets on this mist. The southern shore (Ore Estate
in question) for some miles resembles mere the luxuriant
and ornamented grounds of an English Palk than the
boundaries of a Highland Sea Loch. The green hills and
meadows rise from the mirgin of the watcr, extending
high up the bill, bight in all the luxuriant verdure of
June. 'that which chi. fly gives the character of design,
and of the efforts of wealth and taste to this spot, is the
di-tribution of the trees along this verdant and lovtly de-
clivity.".

The Perliatnentary Road from Fort Augustus to Skye
interseas the Estate, and steam-boats pass it tw;ce 4-week
(fue-ingrix months of the year. The shootine, and fish-
ing are eieellent, bath on the Estate and in the neighbour-
hood, and the Parish Church is nu the extremity of the
property.

_
Tho Estate will he disposed of on such terms as will
),ield a handsome per tentage. Indeed, the seller will have
no cbject,on to guarantee a return of 4 per cent. for seve—
ral }ears to come.

Apply to L. 'Mackinnon. Esq., Merchant, Claszow;
Messrs. .1. and C. Nairue, W. S., or M. N. Macdonald,
W. S. Edinburgh.

CABINET MAKERS' SOCIETY, 71, LEADEN.

HALL. STREET.
MR. THURNELL respectfully solicits the
Nobility and Gentry to inspect the largest anti
heas,selected Stock of Clbinet • and Upholstery Goods in
England, at the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY, 71,
Leadeuhall-street, .City, which Society is enrolled agree-
ably to Act of Parliament, and founded for the support
and encouragement of industrious Mechanics, who all MM..
bine to produce only the very best Articles, provide fur its
Meethers in sickness, old age, and burial, and for survivors
at death. Ry order of the Trustees,
THOS. HASLER, Secretary,
71, Leadenhall-street, City.
Full size mahogany four-post bedstead L3 15 0
Ditto tent bedstead
Ditto with furniture 3 15 0
Bordered straw mattress to lit
Hair mattress to fit
Featherbead, free from dust
Three feet six featherbed
Four feet six hair mattress 2 10 0
Four feet six beet ditto, in tick ,
Four feet sht flock bed and bolster
Six japanned chairs in oil, any colour 1 (i 0
Best japanned dressing table 0 16 t.
Ditto wash-hand ditto
Common ditto 0 8 0
Ditto dress'n table
Three feet ,:he-st mahogany drawers
Three feet six ditto '3 16 0
Mahogany box glass, two drawers
;Mahogany night convenience
Ditto with three steps
Ditto bidet and pan
Ditto ditto
Bed-room sokAbodstead, mattress to fit, with top
French bedstead, japanned 2 2 0
Bar-„ Duo tent bedstead
Vivo feet mahogany tour-post and furniture, Frenth
draperies and silk fringe 14 11 0
Servants' chest of tisawers 2 to. 0
Mahogany Pqrsliteke table
Mahogait,t dining table 3 3 0
Eight inahogany chairs
Ditto sofa to match
Conaret sideboard 6 10 0
Pedestal ditto
Set of four feet mahogany d'uling tables, 11 feet 6 long ..,14 10 0
Small ditto, patent
Music stotal, in morpeco
.. 0 1 8 o
Butler's ditto 0 10 0
Eight Tsafialgiiiehaiii. .... 10 10 0
I:o49,AaviPV,Vooin, each
Drawing room couch . 5 5 0
Best horse-hair cushion
Common ditto ....
Rosewood tables, in 100, can:. and sofa /0 0 0
Ditto ditto 2l It) lb
Elegant drawing,men curtains t 6 Si 0
Rosewood caddies, of fancy wood, from 18s. to
linitoti94l ditto, Canterbury
Mahogany ditto
Japanned rosewood chertioneer ? w
Lady's
Dpi,at:,ttogoo,,,:s:iivttiltliZo7l,aiklal.Alf.:.arihti.eillg.r:;ed.4.x.37....a...;.;
.... rr. *******************************
-**
:31 1'5.:
1(1(1:

hipaiincti ii
Itosewood ditto

......... 0 6
................. . to
1.0.) ....... ........................... (upwante)... C; 0
A reatheriwd4 warranted free from duet arid
4... Otd Furtature taken in excbani,,

4

veiled in violation of all the principles of the British
Constitution, and in subversion of all justice, out-
raging every feeling of humanity, and utterly repug-
nant to the _precepts of the religion we profess to
acknowledge. We pray you to rouse yourselves to
strenuous, persevering, and well-organised exertions;
and we suggest for your consideration the following
measures :—To call meetings of your Committees.
and to invite to join you all who prefer humanity to
oppression, truth to falsehood, freedom to slavery ;
to appoint frequent periods of assembling ; to form
a list of all the electors who can be legitimately in-
fluenced in the approaching contest, etch individual
answering for himself, and as many more as he con
bring to his aid ; to make strict enquiries of every
candidate, not only whether he is decidedly
favourable to the extinction of slavery, but whether
or not he will attend the debates in Parliameie
when that question shall be discussed, herein
taking special care not to be deceived by general
expressions of disapprobation of slavery, but ascer-
taining that the candidate has adopted the determi-
nation to assist in carrying through measures for its
speedy annihilation." During the progress of the
last elections the people of England, from one end
of the kingdom to the other, expressed their deep
sympathy for the condition of our colonial slaves,
and their execration of the system which reduces
man, endowed with the faculty of reason and an
immortal spirit, to the state of the beast that
perisheth ! thus dishonouring, thus degrading, the
image of the Deity, by the hands of his Christian
brethren—Christians, at least, in name ; but the
religion of mercy disclaims their principles, and ab-
jures their deeds. Soon after the meeting of Par-
liament the tables of both Housesgroaned under the
weight of the petitions, which prayed that a system
so revolting to humanity, to justice, and to the
Christian teligion, might be speedily, and for ever,
abolished. The people of England will not be less.
ready to exert themselves in this righteous cause at
the present crisis than they were last year, or rather
they will feel the necessity of redoubling their
efforts to ensure the triumph of principles which
will break the chairs of the captive, deliver vast
tribes of their fellow-men from the torture arid the
lash of the tyrant—from the moral degradation of
slavery—and extend the merciful protection of the
British Constitution to the uttermost limits of the
empire.—Morning Herald.
We feel a confident expectation that the country
will rescue the King and Constitution from the snare
which has been artfully speed for both. At the
present moment it especially belongs to the loyal
Liverymen of the city of London to show by their
example, to other bodies of freemen, how a revolu-
tionary attempt to disfranchise Englishmen ought to
be withstood—to stand tip with manly energy and
firmness in support of the corporate rights bequeathed
to them through a long succession of hottest and
patriotic ancestors, and regardless alike of flattery
and menace, to proclaim that they will not consent
to be stripped of an honourable privilege which they
are conscious of having exercised honourably.
When we reflect upon the numerous important in-
terests of which she city of London is the centre, and
which are directly assailed by the revolutionary mea-
sure which the Livery are now culled upon to sup-
port, we feel assured that this call will be 'ejected with
contempt, unless those who ought to stimulate and
direct the efforts of their fellow-citizens should
grievously neglect their duty. n the first place, the
chartered right of the Livery o elect, without any
intermixture of other classes of voters, the four
Members for the city of London—a right founded
upon inheritance or apprenticeship, and, in the case
of each individual Liveryman, perfected at an ex-
pense varying from 301. to 1001., is invaded and
annihilated by the measure which the Livery are
required to support. The appeal is, in the highest
degree, imaudent and insulting, and could not have
been tolerated at any other than a period of great
political excitement. Why should the Livery of
London sacrifice their own rights and those of their
children ? Does any body pretend that the house-
holders of the city, to whom the elective power is
to be transferred, are likely to exercise it either mole
judiciously or more honestly than they have
done ? When at all future elections the Livery
find the privilege they once proudly enjoyed
overwhelmed in the throng of new-made voters,
and this without the posslaility of advantage to
the community at large, will they then be very
grateful to their late consistent representatives, Mr.
Alderman Wood and Mr. Alderman Waithnein, or
to their late turncoat representative, Mr. Alderman
Thompson ? Or will they not rather, when the
present moment of excitement is past, look back
with sincere respect to the conduct of Mr. Ward,
the only one of their representatives who has de-
fended their permanent interests, and that of their
sons, in preference to flattering the temporary feel-
ings of the more noisy of their body ? Then where
can the funded interest be supposed to possess in-
fluence if not among the voters of the ciiy of Lon-
don ? Thia inteiest must be sensitive to the danger
with which the revolutionary measure of Ministers
threatens it. The measure is called for, as its advo-
cates pretend, for the tepreset,tation of the new in-
teres s which have sprung up in the country ; it is
founded, as these same advocates tell us, upon the
basis of property; and yet the funded interest, pos-
sessing a large proportion of the whole property.
of the kingdom—this interest, incomparably the
most extensive and important of all the interests
of modern growth—is to be altogether deprived of
representation. That the measure is founded upon
pretences the most fraudulent and false, no other
proof need be adduced. Arid is not this precisely
the kind of omen which the fundholders may justly
deem most inauspiciotis to the security of their pro-
perty ? Must they not then tremble for their pro-
petty when they combine with this omen the fact
that the'authore of 'the Bill have just been defeated
in au attempt to violate, in a most essential parti-
cular, the national contract upon which it is founded?
Must they not tremble still more when they combine
with it the fact equally undeniable,—that the most
active and noisy supporters of these Ministers and
of their measure of Reform are the men who in-
cessantly clamour for such reductions of taxation, as
plain and simple arithmetic, which cannot lie, pro-
claims to be wholly inconsistent with the inten-
tion of paying the annuities of the public cre-
ditor ? Such as we have described must of ne-
cessity be the feelings of the fundholders at
the present moment. They are bound to sup-
port the Constitution of England by the
strongpst motives of self-defence. Their influ-
ence in the city of London must of necessity be
immense. They cannot be so infatuated as to be-
lieve that radical or turncoat Aldermen are the men
to whom they can most safely entrust the defence of
their property, surrounded as it is by danger, and
having Just escaped as it has from one open and
direct attack. It follows from this view of the sub-
ject that the leaders of the constitutional party in the
city will fail greatly in their duty to the sacred cause
in which they are engaged, and show themselves
wholly unfit for leadees in Ilcause during a crisis
like the pr, sent, if the fundholders should not be
afforded the opportunity of struggling to promote
the return of four candidates the consistent and
trust-worthy opponents of cm& cation. And if the
conservative party requ;re further encouragement
to vigorous measures, or a further assurance that
such measures would be certainly successful,
let them look to the coluoial intereSt, the ship,
plug interest, the mercantile interest in the city
of Pondon, all expressly and studiously ex,
clstdefl by the Bill fronj any share, d rest or
indirect, of the national representation—excluded,
a, it in mockery of the professions of the authors of
tette 11111, although no doubt in strict consistence
with their real perposes. Will not these in crests
support Constitutionatcendidetes, if such are offered
to their choice? This is in effect to asls if they
consist of men in their eight senses ? Is it to be
Supposed, then, any elms of men can be enamotired
of' insult and threatened robbery ? Will the Ned=
holders be so (manned with their proposed mkt-
siop from a representation recommended to their
„se/wince as a system of representation founded

. . r
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC jOURNALS, usual whh the middle classes in all rathitries,fan,l enabled to raise themee:ves above their orihPriel called in violation of all the principles of the Britlsh upon the basis of property, and become necessary THE MARKETS.
their consequent indifference about Polities. The sphere in life, and to make their way in the mirk!, Constitution, and in subversion of all justice, out- from the gtowth of new interests, as to forget the
Countrymen and Friends,-It is said that the Tories, therefore, are not merely skilful, cembiped, by the exercise of some calling or profession, at tidier- raging every feeling of humanity, and utterly rem_ eefarious attempt of yesterday to confiscate a por- COAL MARKEX.-April27
f rms of prayer are so often repeated, that we neglect and indefatigable, but they are full of overweeoing lance from the place of their birth or apprenticeship, nant •to the precepts of the religion we profess ie tion of their property ? Will the man possessed of 0aduif1.,........,t ..._ FAis. (()ici
wawa hod Ilotspur..... 28s. Cd•
to attend to their substances and meaning, an& stif- eagerness and exultation : they Pretend to despise They are not likely, therefore, to be the individhals acknowledge. We pray you to rouse yourselves to colonial wealth be delighted with his exclusion front Bensham Main .......= 23 0 Ditto Northumberland 28 g,!, :
fer them to glide over the tongue as mere expres- us (the people) and to laugh at us, and to talk of Last qualified of any in the corporation, by acquire- strenuous, persevering, and wetootgar!oed exertions; the House of Commons, because the measure which rieelatnint al -- 29 (`- Ditto Walker NI (,);
our Reform es a nine days' wonder, which they boat meats or character, to exercise an independent and and we suggest for your consideration the following effects it is proposed and eulogised by persons whose tootewelle-.........--,--... '27 0 Eden Main et -......... 28 3
sions of course. In the same manner do those
that we shall never early into a law. Now is it to soundjudgment in the use of their franchises- AO it measures :-Te
.call meetings of your Committees, daily talk is of the worthlessness of our colonies and itheuriciny sonrstit,ratz--. ht/i ((ti 7(dss Vnnid.t Li‘ettoit .......
31 g
magic words " England expects every man to di,
he presumed that these rich and selfish men, who is, indeed, through their identical agency,and the con- and to invite to Join you all who prefer humanity to the enlightened policy of giving them up without P,,,.°ll,Wvindsor---- 23 0 WAla End Sielna'rt's .. 35 0
his duly" affect our minds less forcibly by freqiient
Walls End Bell and co. 30 0 Warde'se Lianellv ... 31 1
have subscribed their tens of thousands each, to (le- to aloes which many of them are by their local rest- oppression, truth to falsehood, freedom to slavery; an effort to the first assailant ? Will the shipping fr*iTiiients-sen -:1 s [aiirii,rath____..... z.., g
repetit:on, than when they were first telegraphed
(Wautisitise„leilittetic=o•. 111) (0) watts rinnel Hied Henderson 29 223 00
feat the Bill, to turn out the honest and liberal M- deoce enabled to form with men of fortune and talent, to appoint frequent periods of assembling ; to forts. interest and the mercantile interest i ejoice the more
by the British hero to the fleet under his command feat
teed to re.occupy those official places which composing the mercantile, monied, legal, arid Other a list of all the electors who can be legitimately in- that henceforth they are not to be represented, and
at the commencement of the memorable bade of
it he (hive!) them almost frantic to have forfeited, imp, rtant classes in the metiopolis, that the consti- tluenced in the approaching contest, era individual that shopkeepers are to have the monopoly of seats Walls End Browns...-.
24 0 Dean's Primrose Trader 24 6
Trafalaar. Yet you willoecollect that it was only
after holding them so peitinaciously for such a num- tuent body in the open boroughs is principally en- answering for hit, self, and as many more as he min in the House of Cemrnons, because the party who tle,latillet•eli.:anT
walls End Hilda,..- 30 0 g a
iCitolVfour"tl7= ) WMEonntda(taiellesmrtori; and
17 0
to some few thousands of sailors, already inteel
her of years,-is it, we say, to be supposed, that if aided to attract candidates from those classes, and bring to his aid ;to make strict enquiries of every advocate this change have uniformly shewn them-
upon the action, that the animating despatch was
these men come again into power, they will not use that vitality and efficiency are thus imparted to the candidate, not only whether he is decidedly selves the zealous friends of the shipping and the -a.ips at market. 130.34-ships ,o 1,1„ 16-Unsold, 114 N.
CtPUNTRY COl-IN-51ARKFIS DUBING THE WEEK.
conveyed. Your country now expects of millions
their power to repay. themselves the large sung general scheme of the Legislature, as a rePlesent favourable to the extinction of slavery, but whether commercial interest of every country but their own ?
wheat. 1 Barley. Oats. lieans. -
of Eneishmen, at this the crisis of her utmost need their
the recovery of it will have cost them r- non of all the great interests of the empire- or not he will attend the debates in Parliament The only answers that these questions can possibly
that the ehould do their duty in re•cuing her front
Y Are they so fanatical, or, indeed, so childish, Without the out-voters moneyed candidates could when that question shall be discussed, herein receive are perfectly decisive of the result of the
the thraldom of a faction that has too long kept her -_---
as to squander half a million of money for not always be hooked ; and the people of the hie. taking special care not to be deceived by general approaching election for the city of London, if they Per Quarter. s. to s. s. to s. s. to 8. F. to L
enslaved, trafficked with her liberties, sold and
an abstract principle-namely, for the proposition rough might be in danger of selling themselves be- expressions of disapprobation of slavery, but a.cer- ere meditated in the proper stern and in sufficient
Birmingham...-. 79 82 40 48 06 32 .7... 56
I=n---- '7*l .(1) NI 11 E- 2 - I
handed over her tights to each other, curbed herin a tainting that the candidate has adopted the determi- time, by those whose duty, tio less than their in-
dult " the State demands no Reform ?" Why, low their fair price. The Reviewer is right;
noblest energies, and in fact bowed her down to
we do riot call upon the people of England to system of corruption out-voters cannot be spared, nation to assist in carrying through measures for its terest, it is to take the lead in this eventful struggle. IC
rri Zecr.tst;l- ri.2li 747 28 9 26 3 ) - 54
all manner of sufferings. Had the distresses of thie 43 ho 29 - 40
enter in•o subscripions for any theory of re resents- This manifesto of the Anti-Reformers extends to no speedy annihilation." Durieg the progress of the Never was there a stied i 1 British histor h Faringdon --... 34 86 'lT''
country been produced only by the noble struggle.Pe' 1 ' Ylv e" Guildford ----•" 48 74 ' ' 4° -° 38 - 46
toe government, however beautifulthe eye fewer leighty-sevenpages. , last electionsiof-the feelings of patriotism were so closely
to - 46
which far more than a quarter of a century she Henley 5-1 83 30 •35 20 30 - 40
say " subscribe, because the money You so lay our small satisfaction to find that Sir Robert Peels of the kingdom to the other, expressed their deep and so visibly combined with the particular interests Hereford ........ B4 92 44 48 36 40 - CO
sustained against a foreign enemy, we should have
will pay you an enormous interest." It is in the tine factious conduct and his large subscription have sympathy for the condition of our colonial slaves, of large and overpowering masses of the community, leitilli• e`vgietalid (g
84' )'4 g, i FuoB 34 - 58
been content •; but when we know that they have3o - 51
mercantile spirit we urge our countrymen to raise a not atoned, in the eyes of the genuine Anti- and their execration of the system which reduces Morning post. Monmouth . 77 80 46 51 ;23 29 - --
been increased and augravated in a tenfold degree
The scene exhibited by the metropolis, and its Salisbury . 58 68 35 42 :27 • 32 - 54
heavy stock-purse for promoting the cause of Re- Reformers, for his want of principle. The
deception,
.malt, endowed with the faculty of reason aid an Reading .. 65 90 31 47 2l 32 42 43
by domestic extravagance, -when we know that
form ale repeat to them, do not throw away your Review scouts all moderate Reform as a ueceplion. immortal spirit, to the state of the beast that Southamptonaii .-.. f:4 58 37 41) 128 1. 32 - 46
the resources neces wry for the war were stands - neighbourhood, last night, in honour of the, King 78 -
substance, but buy with it an increase of constitu- "By professing himself (says the Reviewer) to be perisheth ! thus dishonouring, thus degrading, the Tewkesbury 64f 31 38 T2l 4.1) gri -__ 461
lously diverted to purchase majorities of borough- his Ministers-and Reform-is math of everlest-
tional libery, and you will never repent the pur- an advocate for moderate Reform, without having image of the Deity, by the hands of his Christian 78 32 38 24 34 - 42
masters, who might protect the incapacity, and cloak ins remembrance ! Never was there suchY a dis la VVxbridge *
48
chase; and so, mutatis mutandis, do the borough- conecientiously satisfied himself that such a roes- brethren-Christians, at least, in name ; but the oiernntiargnesi= re fo'it If) 43 ?).14 '4,7 42' 441 A
the failures of Minis.ere and their depeedants- of national feeling, and never was an occasion morePY
mongers reason. If boroughs were nothing in the sure is desirable on its own account, a man is sure religion of mercy disclaims their principles, and ab- ~viinelsor -see M) 72 26 34 21 - 40
when we know that every proposition for retrench-worthy of the feeling displayed ! The c•tv was else
way of actual wealth, floes any body suspect their to bring himself into a false position. In the first ores their deeds. Soot, after the meeting of Par-0rce5ter............. 64 68 24 36 27 3'2 - 46
ment was resisted, because borough-masters and glorious blaze of light, and the suburbs of. the tit
thrifty patrons of subscribing half millions to pre- piace, all the most conclusive arguments against liament the tables of both Houses, under the N,,
had a a
good
sHULL, MA R K ET.-April 26. .
their families were in the possession of those places though not proper:y joined, or understood to be
serve them ? Let Englishmen be assured that evtry Reform, are good arguments against what is called weight of the petitions, which prayed that a system atnearly last t=
prices,
but the trade still
and pensions which ought to be retrenched or cut joined in the display, did their heat to rival it in continues dull
sovereign in the Tory stock-purse is destined to mug- moderate Reform just as much as against Radical so hey.olting. to humanity, to jit,tice, and to the Wheat, Valtrtei 7os New --s. oes 683.
off-surely some indignation may be allowed to asplendour and brilliancy. We have done our best Foreign -e ('4s. 614 ln bond ,„ .....e. .-s. -..
Reform • there may be degrees of den er but there Christian tell non might speedily,
tiply itself an hundred-fold, should the Tories, by de- . ,g , 4, , be and for ever,
thus wrongedand baffled, thus exposed to
people - Oats, g -s. 245. 03s Old .--8. ~..8. 30;.
renting the Reform Bill force themselves again into is no difference in principle. If he goes into the ar- abolished. The co le of England will not be less - S't'andallor Feed-. -a 245. 211 s -s. -8. -s.
all the hazards of foreign war, and consigned to allmous feeling by which all classes sv ere ac- - Foreign -s: 245. 26s
They stand 'their boroughs the only um tat all, therefore,l
power. by
inen
.. he is sure to involveup- to exert
the privations of domestic our .in order that antuated ; but we are bound, nevertheless, to Barley, Norf. & Suf ... -s. 40s. 425. Line. & Wold -8.. 36s 381:
instruments through which they can rob the people self contradictions. They are glad to hear it ad- the resent crisis than they were last year or rather - Foreign -s. 361. 40s.
oligarchic tic
might slot in luxury at their ex- ~ . admit that we have found it utterly impossible Beans 368. 38s. 40s. Foreign -a. 406. 425.
England•htheofthe I' lt d h•h II '
of wit-out violating forms - na eat length, even by on, that some Reform at tey will . feel the necessity of redoubling their
B • d• .t
pants. To our countrymen we say- ein gnat, , . .to convey any other than a very f • idea Pea"' White.- -F. 465. 48s. they -8. -8, ....8.
faint Tar„
gnomon ; and if they do shortly come into ewer let least is necessar • but he has not stated what efforts to ensure the trium h of trin i I which-4. 3tis. :Os.
for have • tprovocation; hut let your indigo
you just p , . • y, . P lell es
c Reform he wouldpropose; and his ar(rit- will break the chilies of the captive, deliver
not the nation flitter itself that the boroughmotigers :peck b . . . vast
station be that of wise men •; let it not waste itself will ultimately brook no opposition to its wishes. A
ill take the world even so easily as before. Eves e- ment oes equal! a ainst 01l Reform? But the tithes of their fellow-men from the tor ture and the CHELTENHAM MARKET.-A ril "6
In empty menace or unavailing vengeance ; let it w
the spirit
of g
all . Y. g •
of paper eight times the size of the Morn rag Advertiser Per Bushel s. d. to s. d. Pet IbP. -•d.to d.
t lashtyrant-from the 1 degradation
rated by tile spirit which has shover iin favour worst. of is, that if the tide s.hould turn, and op.- of the
•the firm d resolute correction of those
appear in anoould not suffice to kive a description tolive)
the
y Barley 4 0 5 6 Mutton
the Tory Cabinet will employ against the oleo set strongly the other way, the individual who slayer '-and extend the merciful rotection of the
Reform,.s 8
et/tic of which you so justly complain, and by which . ) P arid triumphant scene. The main streets were one Oats 4 0 4 3 Veal
have long been oppressed. Let your indigna-
you so le an a rayated measure of coercion. Not rely- has in reality, no new convictions on the subject, British Constitution to the uttermost limits of the
peop gg
will, y, . . . .
ino wholly on coercion, they apply fresh means but has merely been yielding a little to the current, empire.-Morning Herald. blaze of light on both sides the rivei-every device Beans
ce pease 5 0 6 0 Pork ...
5 0 8 0 Lamb 5 6
0 0
tion appear in now securing to yourselves and your
ofo
corruption-they and emblem which ingenuity could think of oae Hay 3/. 3s. to 3/. 13s. Cd. per ton.
must bribe more, because may find himself entrapped in the mean while into
that chief right, which is the foundation of
posterity hate discovered he small number f their na certain declarations, from which i
they..t o -e .om w t toss not atter-
. We feel a confident expectation that the country adopted to signify the unanimous feeling on LEWES MARKET.-Atbril.26.
all others-a free Parliament ; and which, if it werewill rescue the King and Constitution from the snare the ►part of the public-the coaches were de- White Wheat (per quarter)- X 3 15 otoX4 2 0
tural and willing friends ; arid, desperate front feel- wards be so easy for him to retract. Now all this . Red ditto -- 3120 ~ • 315 0
1101 yours imprescriptivelyby law and history, is yours which has been artfully spread for both. At the aerated with laurel-the streets crowded with re- Barley- - t 5 0 22 0
toes how lodious is their Government; is very nielan .hol and is only proofof
obnoxious and e y, a new
Ifs I titles those of common sense o
the best of al preset' moment it especially belongs to the loyal spectable persons, who amply participated in the Oats, New -17 0 110 0
they must illustrate in their own behalf the tnaxim absurdity and perplexity (to say nothin of the moral 8ean5......- -115 0 116 o
and reason ! Common sense and reason, we says if Liverymen of the city of London to show by their sp'a't of the scene, and the shouts of the Oil Cake. New . . l2 00 t
that fear is alwa •-cruel: so, to idemnify themseltes disgrace) in which a man always involves h _uer thousand.
which inform the hearts of freemen, that if they are ye .
lot lie"in'el I example, to other bodies of freemen, how a revolue thou-ands and tents of thousands as they passed the
for their r‘•
outlay ill be one oh- when he lives to eke
p esent speculative w . o . . m one cast:, • t wor t
to be taxed, as undoubtedly they are for the neces- . i tionat attem tt to disfranchise En Fshmen oueht to most brilliant specimens of illumination, entliusi- Wheat (per qr.) ..
Zo7l_l77l6(s:ll,BeALrsil oe:
ject ;to corrupt more largely than ever will be their and another for the conscience. As to the Balsas .............--- 325.. 40s. 4'2s: Pease, Ver) ..7.... M: ggs:
satv expenses of the state, they are to be taxed only be withstood Ito stand i with g. I - and astic and deafeeing. Bands of music were stationed
second, tie means, as well of indemnification as of consciencei part of the matter, there will pro- man y energy Flour, fine (per sack) 535. 555.
themselves in their own House of Parliament,-
by firmness in to f 1 P support o the corporate rights bequeathed iti front, in the balconies of various houses to ........-....- 28s• 325.
31s•
corruption being extorted from the people : and to
.1i y c no great difficulty in the ease of this
not by the minions of Ministers,-not by the nom!- to them throughPi long • - ' of homiest and testify the joy of the inhabitants-the guards of the CANTERBURY, April 23.
keep down the public discontent by force, will dis.reguished individual. What it suits him toad succession
alike ionefist Wheat, Irvetre-- ''.B.
tt : Es. -.... 01d............ -a. to -s.
noes of Peers, not by men, who, participating incoaches played " God save the Kin l; hi their best
be the very first necessity of their position, as an declare to the would will no doubt suit his con- the ic
cpoathi to ancestors, an regar es: of every
the produce of those taxes, have no common feelingstyle-and numerous carets e loaded literal) Barley, Matting 38s.s to 48.:L. ..... 81rdin din g.... 305.-s tt: 365:
unpopular. Ministry. Ifolierefioe, the Reform Bill science. Some people might, indeed, feel a little • (I
o bem menace, proclaim that they will not consentY gels -,,-..-- 255. to ‘2s. - Old-.--. -s. to -s.
with the people that pay them, no identity of irate- loaded, with the first familiesgitst' the leg 1
be but rejected in the new Parliament, the present embarra-sad on the alteration of circumstances, if t stripped of an honourable privilege which they Pea: --- - 2.. Lc' 2: - 81'4-- l':: t`.l3,:s:
rear with thepeople of England. E•ernal blessings
liberal Administration must resign and that which obliged to wheel round from one principle to its are conscious of having exercised It ()noun' LI v. ruled the main streets, in order to in•
tone, Pa-
wss the
flop- ore the British fleet and its gallant coal- • • When we reflect upon the numerous important it.i. splendid manifestation of national f lin But it cc g. EXETER MARKETS-April 22.
succeeds will bear ' with r .•
uon our necks every clia- oppos.te. But then S r Robert has had not a little Beef (scor ' 9
(:;....-..... s.ocl.los. Oil. Wheat (bushel) ..9s. 0.1. !N.H.
fllitil(!erS I It was a British Admiral that first taughtterests of which the city of London is the 1 centre, am is impossible to desci lite scene to which the oldeet Mutton
ractertstic of previous misgoveinment, frihtfu ly experience in this say already. He might have felt . 0 0 6 Barley .......--...-4 64 8
es the happy Raying, " England expects eyelet man .. ° which are directly assailed by the revolutionary mew- inhabitants remember no parallel, and %se therefore Veal and t amb-...0 li 0 8 Oats ...............--.3 0 3 3
l; i beware little awkward •
aggravated arid depraved. Eng is mien, of a in the case of the Test and Cur- P. rk --...-........-0 4 0 6 Beans
to di! his dury." And it is a British Admiral that sure which the Livery are now called upon to sup- leave it to the imagination of our readers-than Geese (each) --....4 06 0 Batter (lb) 76 1
this calamity •in our hands only are the means of potation Acts arid Catholic Emanci Emancipation, and cer
}tow repeats it. Countrymen and friends, your
speedily avertingY it.Y Coming to Particulars, we are taints on those occasions he startled some of his port, we feel assured that this call will be 'ejected with for the good humour and hilarity which prevailed to pauwcks (coup'e)...-3 .6 5 0 E‘gs (15) -....«.0 0 1 0
ls -_-_-2 0 3 6 Potatoes (peck) ...0 0 0 6
King is that Admiral. He does more than call uponcontempt, unless those who ought to stimulate and the latest hour,-in order to call their attention to
happy to learn that the monster of monopoly is now friends ; but it would not cost him a blush now t
you to do your ti dt , He does what Nelson could
should
)' attacked in his heed-quer:oh at Newark. After a declare one day that all Reform is unnecessary and direct the efforts of their fellow-citizette
other duties of an equally pressing nature.--ellorn- DUMFRIES M A RKEI S.-April 20.
s.d. s.d.l • ..s.d. s. d.
not do :he puts the enemy whom you are to van- • grievously neglect their duty.,lll the first place, the ihg Advertiser. Wheat, Imp. Bush... 80to 8 8 Butter, l6oz
careful canvass of that unfortunate town, ►Sergeant mischievous, and the next to produce a Reform Barley 4 9 5 0 Eggs, dozen 0 0 0 0
quish in your sight and within your reach. What chartered right of the Livery TO elect, without any Oats 3 4 6 Beef, per lb.
Wilde has resolved once more to encouroer the Bill, as a rival to that of Ministers. Sir Robert is COURrOF COMMON COUNCIL.
snore can you expect from him ?By the dissolu- intermixture of other classes of voters, the four Flour 141 b.
Duke of Newcastle, and the solemn coxcomb who evidently a man to whom the taking up or aban- Oatmeal
tion of that Parliamente-the last, we hope, of si-Members for the city of London-a right founded
has lately and so worthily) represented his Grace tinning a principle will present little inconvenience. Yesterday a Court of Common Council was held, and Potatoes, cwt.
miler construction,-he fairly places you and the ho-
as Toryupon inheritance or apprenticeship, and, in the case the manner in which the feeling of the Corporation, and,
" Member for N .. k " The learned What a strange contradictorythe
4 - . .
roughmongeis in the together.
field lf they conquer, Sergeant, we are assured, has every pros- formers are !We have this Quarterly Reviewer, f individual Liveryman, o each perfected at an ex- through them, the feelings of the different districts in the IRISH MARKES.
you are disgraced; but his Majesty is for ever free :
peel of success. One example set by the metro- like Saint Perceval, standing up for bribe!), and cor- pence varying from 301. to 1001., is invaded and City, were again expressed, deserves particular notice and DUBLIN MARKET NOTE.-FainAr, April 22.
your future servitude be upon your own heads,
polls ought to be recommended to universal imitae ruption, and yet proposing to make it ground of annihilated by the measure which the Livery are approbation. Every thing observable in the conduct of 554 Wheat From To sr. p. g 0
'Per barrel 20 stone 21 39 0 34 9,
The immortal Nelson called to his gallant tars to face.
tion-we mean the system of uncompromising union disfranchising. "While, on the one hand (he sa :
rl
\ required to support. The appeal is, in the highest the Members, in fact, denoted the approach of the grand 0 Bete ....---...- 17 stone 0 u 0 0 il 0
an enemy equal or superior in numbers to them-degree, imuudent and insulting, and could trot have triumph which is so fervently looked for by the nation. 46 Barley-Z.---. 16 stone 15 0196 17 0
by [he reformers of the city of London, it is annually declared by a Resolutionithe H
. few h exhibited e
selves. Those whom you are to resist are 1
who have determined that no non-reforming candi- to be a high breach of the privileges of the Corn- been tolerated at any other than a period of great THE KING'S INTENDED VISIT TO THE CITIZENS. 8,876 Cwt. Flour-....... 9 stone 9 0 26 0 0 0
numluer when compared to you : but let us not decry
date shall divide with the advocates of the Bill even mons, for a Lord of Parliament to concern himself in political excitement. Why should the Livery of The LORD MAYOR rose and said-It gives ine the
343
s°o toealllakera' only.
8 stone 14 .0 19 0 15 7= •
tautest possible pleasure to state to this Court, that I
the d fficulty of your enterprise, leet we afterwards
the smallest number of the reforming voters. It is the election of Members of. Parliament, and by an- London sacrifice their own sights and those of their greatest 7,712F10ur17 0 26 0 21 4
have every reason to believe, from communications which
impair the glory of our victory. Though few in
obvious that by the want of such regulations as this other to be `highly criminal in any 'Minister or children ? Does any body pretend that the house- have been made to me, that if the Corporation will do Average price of Wheat and Itotir 554. OA per sack.
number, they are powerful in strength, extensive in
the public cause has been sacrificed in many foimer servant under the Crown directly or indi- holders of the city, to whom the elective power is themselves the lion or to wait upon King,aiwith an Receipts
Us °I.
Err' beelsootto:C.-- = 17:: Zit: 1:3) rs: (X.,
influence, and subtle in their methods of insinuation. to be transferred, Third 5,......... lions 9s. Od. to 13s Od.
Parliaments. An honest representative has bud a rattly to use the powers of office in the elect are likely to exercise it either more invitation to dine with them, his aiajesty will most gra- PRICE OF BREAD.
You know that &settee rolled a cancer. It appears .
rider put upon him, in the shape of some wretched tion of Representatives to serve in Parliament ;' judiciously or more honestly than they have ciously condescend to accept the invitation.-(Loud and Quartern Loaf s- . --9 V. I Half Quartern sd•
to occupy but a small j ortion of the external surface
shuttng creature, who has neutralised all his votes, it is nevertheless the practice, and, as we contend, done ? When at all future elections the Livery continued cheering.) Wheat, t Barley. Oats. I Flour, per
tr r cwt.
of the human body, but it shoots its claws and f d veinment from ad- the beneficial practice, for many Peers and servants find the privilege they once proudly enjoyed Mr. RICHA ED TAYLOR said the Court haul heard, with t,r,?rbarrel per barrel per barrel .----!...a.-...,
and kethe •
pt interests o goo o
branches deep into the substance on which it preys,
vaneing a sin 1• h for dozen of - • of the Crown largely to influence such elections;-g eme a or two sessions,overwhelmed in the throng of new-made voters, the greatest delight, the intelligence given to them by the °) stone. 16 stone. 14 attune.' Ist. 2d.
and at at last, if not eraiieated, it corrupts the whole
The Liver of London have wisely agreed that no that while, on the one hand, the procuring the re-
-1 and this without the poss bility of advantage to Lord Mayor. If, upon a former occasion, the citizens of s.d. a s.d. s.d. as.d. s.d. as.d. s.sl. as. d. 8. .t.as. d.
London felt delight at the intimation that his Majesty Cork ...260 31 3' 12 0 17 0113 0 16.0 19 0 22 0 7 0 18 0
The berouglimongering fetatien is that cancer : you
•shall s as their i turn of any Member to serve in Parliament by means the community at large, will they then be very
such practice now prevail , o far or Limerick '3O 0 33 414 6 15 0111 9 13 6.18 0 22 0 0 0 15 0
must root it out of the body politic. Now is the
. authority cell prevent it. The committees of all the of any gift or promise, is in the eye of the law a grateful to their late coresistent representatives, Mr. would honour them with with his presence, how much Waterford2s 0310 13 0 16 0113 0 150 18 0 22 010 0 16 0
more strong must the feeling ba at the present moment, Clonmel - 00 334 110 15 0112 6 14 020 0 22 013 0 180
time to apply the cautery; you must root it Fut, or it
Reformcandidates for the city have merged in one, highly penal offence, it is at the same time a matter Alderman Wood and Mr. Alderman Waithm in or A • • •I A Carlow- 330 340 150 17 014 0 15 020 6 21. 00 0 0 0
. ' nistingutstieu as it was by a manifestation of extraordinary
%ill end by destroying you. Lastly, Neleon called
end • ined votes arid interests in favour of the four of edam notoriety that seats in Parliament are to their late turncoat repreeentative, Mr. Alderman virtue in the exalted person who was to lie theirguest?- Beef, I Beef, Mutton, • Pork, Butter.
in the 3° ' .P
upon his brother barest to shed their blood.
liberal Aldermen, and in opposition to Mr. Ward, daily sold far money; arid it may be maintained on Thompson ? Or will they not rather, when the (Loud cheers.) Upon all occasions his Majesty had 1 per lb.
,pr lb pecwt. Ist. td. ad. 4th. so:
cause of their country. This is not required of
who declared himsal an enemy to Reform. This is grounds which we hold to be incontroveitible, that Present moment of excitement is past, look back acted towards his people with the utmost frankness and - ---- -- -
d. a d. d. a d. 8, d, as. tl, s. d. s. (1. s. d. El. d, g. et.
VOU ; but you must shed that whieh to the avari-
an excellent and most efficient policy. The whole if seas were no longer to be obtained for money, with sincere respect to the conduct of 'Mr. Word, liberelity ; but the Kin 'a conduct with respect to the Cork 3; 6 3 6
,25 0 31 099 n r)s 012 084 078 0
iot); is ti!MoAt as dear as their blood, You must
strength of the people of England is thus brought to the sate and beneficial working of the Constitution the only one of their representatives who has de- Bill, which was to create an indissoluble union between V.),teerrier ill- 4 131 1 . `3:-4 (0
13? (1); 10
:17 (1 '7l 1 g 's'l g
ahe'l your motley ; you must dispense your money
bear ageinst the Tories -Times. would be most essentially endangered ; and that so, fended their permanent interests, and that of their the Monarch and the people, was a climax to which
Clonmel - 4 5 5 6 al 0 33 0199 098 0
ft eely, for enemies ( othe same.
• I We have to • •the whole country looked with astonishment and ad- Carlow- 4 51 0 00 0 0 0190 11 80 070065 0 -. 0
through a strange and fortuitous combination of sons, in preference to flattering the temporary feel--
your fdisposition to We yesterday stated that several gentlemen were miration.-(Great cheering.) Of all the great acts KILKENNY:Butt 8) t 99 •Wh •
teproach you, not, weheetieve, or any.
in lugs of the more noisy of their body ? Then where _er sto 99a per cwt. , eat 30s. tosses
e mutually count meting powers, the vitality of the
save yourselves in this rethe y, f
vete, for thousands are to meet ilia course of ey, to °int a Com-
is preserved by the coiftinual infringement can the funded interest be supposed to possess in- ever •
performet by crowned heads, the Reform Bill eon- per barrel; Flour 245. to 445. per bag; Oats 12s. to 15s. per bar-
systemreli Barley 15s. to 17r. Beef 4d. to CA per lb. ; Mutton sd.
calling out to subscribe, but for tardieess in making mitten, with a view to subscriptions to aid the stituted that which, more than any otl • cI • lated
. lei, was a tat to bd. ; , Potatoes 40. per stone; Coals Is. 2d. per cwt.; Bacon.
of the letter of its rules." Bribery and petjury, fluence if not among the voters of the chy of Lon-
to give immortal
the arrangements necessary for the receipt arid sub- cause of Reform. The meeting was held in the Crown , are to e prohibitedy the letter of the law ;
then • b b h I don ? This interest must be sensitive to the danger Taylor then moved,'' That the Lord Mayor, the Recorder, •
h tine
se pistil disbursement of the funds. Away wit and Anchor Tavern. The chair was taken by Sir F. with which the revolutionary measure of Ministers- -
but the Constitution requires, nevertheless, the cern- and the Sheriffs of London, • • - Sir ROBERT PEEL.hascommenced building
t '
reproach . Cast off' sloth ea we know you have cast Burdett, and measuree were adopted for raising " A threatens it. The measure is called for, as its advo- brancer,
mission of bribery and perjury on a great settle. By- should invite his Majesty to dine with the Corpo- his •
off fear; appoint your Committees; name your Loyal and Pteriotie Fund for assisting the cause of - rat; .on, in the city of London, at whatever time his Ma• mansion at, Drayton. It will stand within about thirty
and-by we expect to hear that the letter of the Ten yards of the old hail, and it is to be of the style of the
hankers; crowd to the field of conteet, wherever Reform." The names are such as to inspire the tares s which have sprung tip in the country; it is jests should think tit, and to beg, that should his AN
Commandinentsis given us expressly that we mayustY Elizabethan gf ii designof M S
this is possible, at your own expense; repeat in utmost confidence. The " Metropolitan Central violate them. We should like to have a corn- founded, as these same advocates tell us, upon the be graci..usly pleased to accept the invitation, lie would in- cost of then4lel'isre:imaate itt 85 0001 r. and-117.Eil
.The.
, :,o teinte
your convivial arid political meetiege, arid telegeaph Committee," for that is the name taken ,s tom- mentary on the Bible by one of the numerous par- basis of property ;• and yet the funded interest, pose cite his Royal Consort to accompany hitn."-(Loud stela- • •
nor at 50,000/. ; an extensive park will be formed round
nd British fleets, that Y• V
it, beyond die line of a theusa posed of Sr Francis Burdett, Chairman, Sir Geo• sons who cry up the commission of bribery and per- sassing a large proportion of the whole property. tions.)-Carried unanimous!
ma , y,
th• mansion.-Macclesfield Courier. . •
now, once and for ever, tt Englond expects every Philips, Batt., John Smith Esq., James Barnett, jury by wholesale, as indispensible to the working of the kingdom-this interest incomparably the , „
~
Mr. Bootee', TAYLOR said, that in order that no time
8110111 U be lost for preparation for the rece • ' On Tuesday last, reception of his Ma- CHARLES X„ attended h y
man to do his duty."-. Times. Esq., T. W. Coke, Esq. Richard Sharpe, Esq., of the Constitution. Yet this
very reviewer, who most extensive and important of all the interests
testy, he should move, " That the whole management the Duke DE PoiYeeerec and several other Noblemen of
The friends of Reform have at length a rallying John Cain flobliouse, Esq. Joseph B:rch, s(J• advocates bribery, and the violation of the letter of of modern growtls-is to be altogether deprived of should be committed to the gentlemen who had so ably his suite, on I orseback, proceeded through severalsetnreets
point round which they may range themselves in John Crawford, Esq , John Blaekburne, Esq.; the law, is still willing to concede disfranchisement, representation. That tlwe measure is founded upon acted on the former Royal Entertainment Committee." of the city. The Royal party left Holyrood 'Palace a
Treasurer, george Grote, Esq., and Sub-treasurer,
their country's cause, The measure which we, in in the case of proved delinquency. "Wp shall pretences the most fraudulent and false, no other Mr. Hallstatt seconded the motion, which was unani- little past two, and mottled at four o'clock. CHARLES
common with many of our brethren, have been W. H. Orde, Esq. subscriptions are to be received view it (he says) as a fixed and utialtetable pain- Ptoof need be adduced. Arid is not this precisely mously agreed to. appears to have improved both in health -and spirits since
at the following bankers t-Roberts and Co., Lom- • the kind of omen which the fundholders may justly
ciple, from which no consideration of temporary ex- his arrival in Edinburgh.-Edinburyh Observer.
• for the last week, was yesterday adopted,
!urging e
Messrs Payne, Smith and Maosion- 1. deem most inauspicious to the security of their no- His late MAJESTY it is rest O. •
and promises the most ample success. A meeting, berd-street; . .
CO~CO.,
,y I _ ) P Y be"erallY This week a man residing in this Dale bout
of which the transact are briefly reported else- house-street; Messrs. !hansom and Pal-mall man to deviate, that no existing franchise is to be Petty a Must they not then tremble for their pro- known, was much attached to the elegancies of life and hoodattemptedhad nearly . • suicide, and succeeded, in a
where, was yesterday held at the Crown and East; Messrs. Booverie and Co. Haymarket ; Messrs. forfeited-or even in any manner invaded or Petty when they combine with this omen the fact manners, and hart, ou the other hand, an insuperable
Threadneedle-street • that the author,: of the Bill have just been defeated to anything approaching to vulgarity • as a
aversion . .
said. , very novel manner-that of hanging, or rather strang-
Anchor, for the " purpose of appointing a Corn- Prescott, Grote, and Co., , neutralised by sharing it among individuals, who at, proof ling h
imself while lying in lied. There being nothing in
m in Call and Martin I.,:ondestreet ; : ex- in ati attempt to violate, in a most essential parti- of which it is that he never forgave one of his confi-
inittee, and of taking other measures to promote Messrs. -art , , _ e
_.
u_. present have no pretence to such participation,
..the apartment from which he could suspend himself, he
deritial servants, who, on the occasion of a set di
subscriptions for defraying the expenses attendant and Messrs. Snow and Paul, Strand S 4 cppt for some proved delinquency-or, at least, at l h which iis founded?
ou ar, the national contract upon t
Windsor, was observed, by the critical eye of the dinner at fixed a cord round his neck, drew up his leg, and, fasten-
s(•riptione were not long in pooling in oritlieCom- the express prayer of the present possessors." Such l'
.I.u_st they not tremble still more. when they combine Sovx- ins the other end to his heel, pulled the noose tight by
on the return of candidates at the ensuing election,REIGN, to eat pease with a knife !
1 dged to support in Parliament the cause of Re- nsittee. One gentleman,. who. did.dnot avowisht himself, are the Jesuitical principles of the boroughmongers.
,%:.etlveitathde faht equally und
ofabtliet,-setimhaitoitshee
sinsonsdt
COUNTY OF WATERFORD.-A letter from pressing. his feet downward. He was discovered when
p e
gave 10,0001. A Marquis, ciao di )lot w . o hdave In such a maze of contradictions do men lose them-
of i
men who
t life was needy •
extinct.-Perth Courier.
form." For details we refer to the ponce edings athe county of Waterford details a cruel murder comtnittel ,
teported. We must add, boivever, that triuolt re- his name known, gave 1,0001. Sir terancis Bur ett
aelves whets they wish to palliate wiekedness and
their measure of Reform are the met
.n-
-on the Holmes estate, part of the property of Lord CRE'- COURTING EXTRAORDINA RY.--ti prat-
,we believe, 500/. Several gentlemen gave, immorality? The robber of the desert goes directly cessantly clamour for such reductions of taxation, as
mains to be done by the Committee besides theBORNE, orte4fonday last. The gainekeeper was fired at tine has been prevalent for this some time past amongst a
100/. go that already there is a goodly prospect to work ; but the borouglimonger pilleg,es by higglieg lainp and simple arithmetic, which cannot lie, pro- and shot dead, in open day, and in the presence of several few of the fair ones of the village of Alethven, in assutning
mere encouragement of subscriptions, There is not
a spot of notoriety or importance, throughout Eng- of a subscriptioa, The " Metropolitan Central (3om- with law and religion. The letter of the law is to claimsf to be wholly inconsistent with the inlet)• of the peasantry, who did not make any effort for appre- the garb of men, and sporting about in the gloamin, pre-
which this Committee ought not imme- inittee" will be a wady chasmel of communication be a dead Leiter when it suits his convenience, a lion of paying the annuities of the public cre- trending the assassins. The gentry and landed proprietors tending' that they are in love with the very toasts of the
land, with
(Lately to correspond ; urging upon ti.e known with the various local committees t 4utig,,.out the. living letter when he wishes to punish his enemies. door. ? Such as we . have described must of ne- are in the greatest degree of alarm for their safety. There village. Such a sporting with the feelings of the pie its
It would not be amiss that committees ID . in. cessity be the feelings of the fundholders at is but one opinion prevailing as to die cause of this lawless not at all commendable, and much less by those of their
friends of Reform every where, the necessity of ea:entry. Brat this age will riot tolerate such juggling.
aid of rho Central Committee, were organized b the present moment. They are bound to sup- state of society, and that cause is openly stated by all to be own sex. NVe hope that, if the authorities do not put a
prompt, RC , acct and well-combined exertions, by theY deed, were smell duct} to be promulgated much
ort the Constitution of England by the the late nefarious agitation of the anti-union question.- stop to this, at least the lads in the village will show more
• tof local Committees, the subscriptions, influential indiYieloa)e in the differeet parishes, bY longer, the people of this country would become nee P
appointment n Dublin Evening Packet. spirit than allow the females to keep all the game to them-
loos Is all streams may be .. • • . trongest motives of self-defence. Their •
d the furtherance of every species of useful intellie means of which the vat to cessarily the greatest scoundrels on the face of the in flu-
he b• s once in the city of Loud At the conclusion of the play of William selves.-Perth Courier. . •
London must of necessity be
he central Committee here, which might conducted into the great central one, As t o ject earth. The success of all this juggling is only .iii....
gence to t e , TheivY cannot be Tell on Monda *ght at Drury-lane
• a. to the merits and expediency is one i:i which every man is interested, let us othve peeeible under gross ignorance. A nation cannot, I. En ae* • ' - -
1 el f Y "Cud save the BIRTHS. ..
enable It to judge . s that numbers and union :e ;
woe eir ! nit , o mil avow the :, Baca that radical or turncoat Aldermen are the men ence tailed e or King,' and in a few on the 9th inst. in France at St. Jervan, the lady of I.
of every application made to it from distant parts to the boeoughtnongere h Itt ) , p.. y necessity of guilt ,
Th eo le must • to o horn they can mostsafe) tninutes the whole corps appeared en the stage and Brooke_, Esq. of a daughter. ' ,
sung
.se ,k. ~..intry -an advantage which might are more than a matela ,or t cm. eP P arid crime.-111tertunq C4ronick. y entrust the defence of
the national anthem. On the 21th inst. in North• Audley-street, the lady of W. L.
.... :.-.-1 ...,1 t i..v.i: (;',.,1 their property, surrounded as it is by &osier_ and 11, t.. .... ..c....._ ~. . Bulwer, Esq. of a daughter. "
1 5 • . - - -- -- - -- - -

ment was resisted, because borough-masters and
their families were in the possession of those places
end pensions which ought to be retrenched or cut
off—surely some indignation may be allowed to a
people thus wronged and baffled, thus exposed to
ail the hazards of foreign war, and consigned to all
the privations of domestic penury,in order that an
oligarchic faction might riot in luxuiy at their ex-
peme. To our countrymen we say—Be indignant,
for you have just provocation ; but let your indig-
nation be that of wise men ; let it not waste itself
:n empty menace or unavailing vengeance ; let it
appear in the firm and resolute correction of those
evils of which you so justly complain, and by which
you have so long been oppressed. Let your indigna-
tion appear in now securing to yourselves and your
posterity that chief right, which is the foundation of
all others—a free Parliament ; and which, if it were
not yours imprescriptively by law and history, is yours
by the best of all titles—those of common sense
and reason ! Common sense and reason, we say ;
which inform the hearts of freemen, that if they are
to be taxed, as undoubtedly they are for the neces-
sa-y expenses of the state, they are to be taxed only
by themselves in their own House of Parliament,—
not by the minions of Ministers,—not by the nomi-
nees of Peers,—not by men, who, participating in
the produce of those taxes, have no common feeling
with the people that pay them, no identity of inte-
rest with the people of England. Eternal blessings
bgla- ore the British fleet and its gallant com-
marit!ers I Ir was a British Admiral that first taught
us the happy saying, " England expects every man
to do his duly." And it is a British Admiral that
vow repeats it. Countrymen and friends, your
King is that Admiral. He does more than call upon
you to do your duty. He does what Nelson could
not do : he puts the enemy whom you are to van-
quish in your sight and within your reach. What
snore can you expect from him ? By the dissolu-
tion of that Parliament,—the last, we hope, of si-
milar construetiore—he fairly places you and the bo-
roughmongeis in the field together. If they conquer,
you are disgraced; but his Majesty is for ever free :
your future servitude be upon your own heads.—
The immortal Nelson called to his gallant tars to face
Art enemy equal or superior in numbers to them-
selves. Those whom you are to resist are few in
numiter when compared to you : but let us not decry
the d fficulty of your enterprise, lest we afterwards
impair the glory of our victory. 'Though few in
number, they are powerful in strength, extensive in
influence, and subtle in their methods of insinuation.
You know that &settee called a cancer. It appears
to occupy but a small j ortion of the external surface
of the human body, but it shoots. its claws and '
branehee deep into the substance on which ;t preys,
and at last, if not eralieated, it corrupts the whole
The baroughmongering faction is that cancer : you
must root it out of the body politic. Now is the
time to apply the cautery; you must root it Fut, or it
will end by destroying you. Lastly, Nelson, called
upon his brother heroes to shed their blood in the
cause of their country. This is not required of
you ; but you must shed that which to the avari-
elan; is tinniest as dear as their blood, you must
dreg your motley ; you must dispense your money
freely, for your enemies do the same. We have to
reproach you, not, we believe, for any disposition to
save yourselves in this rexpece, for thousands are
calling out to subscribe, but for tardiness in making
the arrangements necessary for the receipt and sub-
s( pieta disbursement of the funds. Away with this
reproach ! Cast off sloth as we know you have cast
off fear; appoint your Committees; name your
banker,: crowd to the field of content, wherever
this is possible, at your own expense; repeat in
your convivial and political meetings, arid telegraph
it, beyond the line of a thousand British fleets, that
now, once and for ever, " England expects every
man to do his duty."--Times.
The friends of Reform have at length a rallying
point round which they may range themselves in
their country's cause. The measure which we, in
common with many of our brethren, have been
urging for the last week, was yesterday adopted,
and promises the most ample success. A meeting,
of which the transactions are briefly reported else-
tvliere, was )esterday held at the Crown and
Anchor, for the " purpose of appointing a Com-
mittee, and of taking othtr measures to promote
subscriptions for defraying the expences attendant
on the return of candidates at the ensuing election,
pledged to support in Parliament the cause of Re-
form." For details we refer to the Frier edings as
reported. We must add, boivever, that much re-
mains to be done by the Committee besides the
mere encouragement of subscriptions, There is not
a spot of notoriety or importance, throughout Eng-
land, with which this Committee ought not imme-
diately to correspond ; urging upon ti.e known
friends of Reform every where, the necessity of
prompt, active, anti well-combined exertions, by the
appointment of local Committees, the subscriptions,
and the furtherance of every species of useful iota',
genre to the central Committee here, which might
enable it to judge as to the merits and expediency
of every application made to it trout distant parts
of the country,—an advantage which might
perhaps be best obtained by deputing to London
from each scene of contest some trusty and well-iii-
formed individual, who would form the regular me-
dium of intercourse between the reformers. of the
provinces and the Central Committee. With ree
gird to the best means of pressing and enforcing the
subscription, we conceive this occasion to be one
which requires that every man should be brought to
Since the test. there is not an individual in the
tvliole community, above the condition of a pauper,
- who has not a direct petlional interest in the success
Reform
of Parliamentary every man in the metro,
polio (not so disqualified' )ought to be treated on
that plain footing, He ought to be solicited at his
own door, for such aid as he is enabled tribute
towards carrying on the defensive wartoaco9
public enemy, and the name of each, with his
or his refusal annexed to it, ought at once to be fur
warded to the Central Committee, and published, if
by them thought advisable. There must in fact be
au measures kept with the foes of Reform, and no
confidence placed in any man's professions, where a
ready method is at heed for proving their integrity.
We limit the object of this patriotic contribution to
a provision for expenses authorized by law, or not
properly punishable by it. The Tories, we under.
stand, are not so scrupulous. • Per fas aut nefas is
their device. They reckon on the supposed distrac-
tions of the people,—on their want of harmony,.--
CM the attention to their private affairs, which is

We yesterday stated that several gentlemen were
to meet in the course of the dsy, to form a Com-
mitter, with a view to subscriptions to aid the
cause of Reform. The meeting was held in the Crown
and Anchor Taetrn. The chair was taken by Sir F.
Burdett, and measures were adopted for raising " A
Loyal and Theriotie Fund for assisting the cause of
Reform." The names are such as to inspire the
utmost confidence. The " Metropolitan Central
Committee," for that is the name taken, ;s com-
posed of S.T Francis Burdett, Chairman, Sir Geo.
Philips, Bait., .John Smith, Esq., James Barnett,
Esq., T. W. Coke, Esq. Richard Sharpe, Esq.,
John Cam llobliouse, Esq. Joseph B:rch, Esq.
John Crawford, Esq , John Blaekburne, Esq.;
Treasurer, Qeorge Grote, Esq., and Sub-treasurer,
W. H. Orde, Esq. subscriptions are to be received
at the following bankers r—Robarts and Co., Lom-
bard-street ; Messrs. Payne, Smith, and Co., Mansion-
house-street ; Messrs. hansom and Co., Pall-mall
East; Messrs. Bouverie and Co. Haymarket; Messrs.
Prescott, Grote, and Co., Threadneedle-street ;
Messrs. Martin, Call, and Martin, llondsstreet ;
and Messrs. Snow and Paul, Strand. Sub-
seriptions were not long in pouting in on the Com-
mittee. One gentlsnan, who did not avow himself,
gave 10,0001. A Marquis, who did not wish to have
his name known, gave 1,0001. Sir Francis Burdett
gave, we believe, 5001. Several gentlemen gave
100/. go that already there is a goodly pro•pect
of a subscription, The" Metropolitan Central Com-
mittee" will be a wady chaatig) of communication
with the various local committees throughout the
easintry. It would not be amiss that committees in
aid of.tho Central Committee, were organized by
influential individ4a)s in the different parishes, by
means of which the yetis:o4s brpall streams may be
conducted into the great central one, 4s the object
is one in which every man is interested, let us firc,ve
to the boeoughtnongers that numbers and union
are more than a match for them. The people must
be invincible when they are unite.d,pid, thank God,
they are united in this great cause. We up glutl
to Lave the most satisfactory intelligence from every
quarter of the country. At Rochester Lord Villiers
has bolted, and the gsoued is now in possession of
Ms. Perna) and Mr. Mills, twee.".;ii.pnr.h Reformers.
The meeting at Sittingbourne, to which we elluded
yesterday, was an oscsllent one. Both the Reform
candidates for Kent, Mr. flodges and Mr. Reader,
are to be brought in free of expenee, This is the
way in wbich Englishmen ought to act. 'fliers; can
be little doubt ,of ;recces; as every gentleman at
the meeting pledged himself to use his best exertions
in his neighbourhood. It is only hv every man's
putting his shoulder to the wheel that the battle can
j be gained. We aye assnred that three Reform cans
dictates have been found for Weymouth, so that all is
right in that quartet-. We had imagined that there
was one part of the Reform Bili that would Lind
fmtdaat, rtoli
ifne
non-residenttll euaeryiecsdo f alLe, parties—thes.
117
e e
nddi: fernc li ihowever,se-
Review, published this day,
which
that body an es.Tritial part of the system, 1;',;
not
ii:esgidoeondtgwoovteerristm(estal can
(says
ti, leietviitellti,a.eitrie)d.p :11'
oTrin:e!tie
• most important and beneficisalraCtion in the peesent
machinery of our borough system,
spared without very serious limo 1
veo and i
:n:
e could nut
a :ldde-
rangement.tie They are, for the most part,
a body of
1
individuals who, by industty er talent, have bee',

The opponents of ;livery are in the field, deter?
wiped to do their duty in the approaching elect;ona.
The patrons and advora'es of the rotten-borough
s) stern are also the supporters of the system of cols:),
nial slavery, which has consigned to torture and the
grave such countless numbers of human victims. It
is netoral that the promoters of the one system
should be fhe admirers of the other. Under the
former the liberties and franchisis of Englishmen
are bought and sold, until corruption and voality
14ipt and poison the very sources of our constitutinnal
exisrence. I,r.JOer the latter the natural freedom of
our black brethren is fo4lly confiscated, and their
bodies dealt with as chattel-property, only valued
according to the prices they will bring. The former
system has- biought England almost t.,) the verge 01
rum--7-the latter would disgrace even Turkey ! The
Society for the aholition of slavery throughout the
Pritish dominions have icsued an addresQ? to which
ve would call the public attention. They call upon
the people (who have &hewn the de,p interest whiph
they take in tlrs subject by presenting to Parlia-
ment nearly 6,000 petitions in favour of abo-
lition) to remember, at the present crisis of con•
flict and exeltetn,ent, the sacred cause to which
they stand solemnly pledged. They say, .f upon
the exertions now made, as tar us human wisdom
may foresee, mainly depends the continuance or
extinction of that system which has so long pre-

BIRTHS.
On the 9th inst. in France, at St. Jervan, the lady of
Brooke,_ Esq. of a daughter.
On the 24th inst. in North Audley-street, the lady of W. L.
Bulwer, Esq. of a daughter.
On the 27th inst. in Hereford-street, Mrs. H. 'fuflhell, of a
daughter.
On the 24th inst. at Ash-house, near Yeovil,,the lady of the
11ev. G. M. Musgrave, of a daughter.
On the 116th inst. at Putney-heath, the lady of Capt. Basil Hall,
R. N.,' of daughter.

We have often recorded instances of native
wit, but we think: m
the lollowing will stand comparison
with any we have yet seen
to ni A
your
farmer's wife
o
eealr the
leilto her
JOCK, flees
'ill a' drown in the milk," to which the urchin roguishly
replied? " There's nae fear, they may wade through't."
His mistress, indignant at this aspersion on her liberality,
exc!aimed, " What, ye loon, that's saying ye dinna get
enough." "On ave," said JOCK, " there's aye enough
for the pan itch P'
ORNAMENTAL FOUNTAIN CLOCKS.—It
is the same cause (that which produces the deceptive ap-
pearance of a progressive motion in the waves of the sea)
which makes a revolving corkscrew, held in a fixed po-
sition, seem to be advancing in that direction in which it
would actually advance if the worm were passing through
a cork. That point which is nearest to the eye, and
which corresponds to the crest of the wave in the former
example, continually occupies a different point of the
worm, and continually advi.nces towards its extremity.
This property has lately been prettily applied in orna-
mentalglass,of
a screw, twistedsao that
insertedita
io surface`ti,
acquires e laocrts,
g,
ein
mouth of some tignre,designed to represent a fountain.
One end of the glass is attached to the axle of a wheel,
which the clockwoi k keeps in a' state of constant rotation,
A.
the piece
form of
f
and the other end is concealed in a vessel, designed to
represent a re,ervoir or basin. The continual rotation of
the twisted glass produces the appearance of a progressive
motion, as already explained, and a stream of water con-
tinually appears to flow from the fountain into the basin.
—Dr. Lardner's Cabinet Cyclopedia, Vol. XVII.

_
MARRIED.
Cn the 22d inst. at Ramsay Lodge, Patrick Grant, Esq.
younger of Corrimony, and of the Hon. Fast India Company's
Madras Civil Service, to Elizabeth, second daughter of the late
Colonel Hugh Rose, of Kilravock, in the county of Nairn.
On the *th inst. at Trinity Church, Marylebone, J. W. Eger—
ton Green. Esq., eldest son of Win. Green, Esq. of Stanway-hall,
in the county of Essex, to Harriett Anne Sibylla, only daughter
of the late J. Brooks, Esq. of Cadogan.place.
On the trith inst. Mr. Win. Statter, of Wakefield, to Eliza-
beth, eldest da• ghter of the late B. Watson, Esq. of Islington.
On the 26th inst. at St. Giles's, Mr. J. Holdsworth, of Tot-
tenham-court-road, to E eanor, second daughter of the late Vt 7.•
Nightingale, of West Moulsey, Surrey.
On the .26th inst. at St. Peter's, in the Isle of Thanet, the Rev.
C. G. Davies, 8.A., Minister of the Chapel of Ease, Broadstairs,
to Mary Ellen, second daughter of the late Colonel Torre, of
Sugdall.hall, Yorkshire.

DIED. ..
On the 25th inst. at Shiltingle:: Park, Sussex, aged 77, HariOt
Countess NVinterton, wife of Edward Earl Winterton, whom leer
Ladyship survived only two.days.
On the 2lith inst. in Upper Montagu-street, G. Afileck, Esq.
2.1 years I oionel of the West SuffrAk Militia.
wife
of the 27th inst. in Cliai terhouse-square, Mrs. Bell, the
of W. Bell, Esq., of Bow Church-yard.
Or the 26th hist, after a long illness, Frances, wife
Samuel Hale, of the Poultry.
On the 18th October, at Allahbod, Lieut.. Col.• Hugh Wrot-
tesley, of the Bengal Establishment, brother to Sir John Wrot.
tesley, Bait. of Mr.
On the 23d inst. after a lingering illness, at his seat at Perdis.
well, Worcestershire, in the 79th year of his age, Sir H. Wake-
Sir Oftley Wakeman, Bart.
man, Bart, He is succeeded in title and estates by his son, now .

PRUiTED AND PUIDAMIED BY MURDO YOUNG, AT TUX
NUN 011,11'1:, 119., STRAND, LONDON,
