'FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE•

PARIS, Nov. 14.—The Memorial Bordelais speaks of
the uncertainty of the news from Spain.
Yesterday the renewal of the siege of Bilboa was
announced ; to-day it is said that the Carlists content them-
selves with encamping at a short distance from the town,
and that Espartero is at length coming to the relief of the
inhabitants with 12,000 men, The letters which represent
things in this light are of the 6th,
The Seniinelle des Pyrenees has also news of the 6th,
but of a very different nature. A correspondent writes
to it on that day from the Head Quarters of the Carlists
at Durango :—" General Eguia is gone to, day to the
siege of Bilboa, which must infallibly fall into our hands.
I do not doubt that I shall send you this news in a few
days. We have set our hearts on taking this place, and
we shall have it. Espartero will not dare to attack us,
and we are even assured, that having informed his Govern-
ment of his little hopes of success, he has received orders
to fall back to Vittoria, and that he has begun to carry
these orders into effect." The Journal then adds :
" The partisans of Don Carlos reported at Bayonne on the
9th, that the siege of Bilboa was resumed on the 7th.
The artillery," say they, " is better served than before."
We must say that the Memorial des Pyrenees states in
a postscript that two battalions of Christinos have left
Pampeluna in all haste to go to the relief of Bilboa.—
Journal du Commerce, Nov. 14.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PAnis, Nov. 14.
Five per Cents., 1051 50c 45c 50c.
Four per Cents., 9SI 50c. 97f. 75c.
Three per Cents. 7Sf 60c. 6.5 c. 45c. 55c.
Bank Actions, 2,2951 2,3001
Rente de Naples, 97f. 85c. 98f.
Roman Five per Cents., 99%%%.
Spanish Actives, 20 20,A% 'A •
Spanish Passives, 514.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 101.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 35✓.t 35 357;4.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON. •
One month, paper, 251 25c. ; money, 251. 22%c.
Three months, paper, 25f. sc. ; money, —l. --c.
—Coors Authenlive.

BOURSE, QUARTER TO FOUR.—The English mail not hav-
ing arrived, occasioned some fluctuation in the Three per
Cents. They were early in the morning at 78f. 55c. ; they
got up on 'Change to 78f. 75c. to 80f., then receded to 78f.
55c., and rose again to 78f. 70c.
The Spanish Active Stock was rather better, but very little
business doing.
LAST PRICES.—Five per Cents., 105 f. 70c. ; Three
per Cents., 78f. 75c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons. Gueb-
bards, —; Differes, —; New Loan, —; Actives, 201; Pas-
sives, 5- ; Ducats, 98 20 ; Romans, 09+ ; Pedros, —;
Belgians, 101 ; Dutch, —f. ; Haytians, —f. —c. ; Mi-
guels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 26 ; Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, —; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, ; Royal Loan, —; Three per Cent. Portuguese, 35i.

PORTUGAL.
(From the Supplement to the Nacional.)
LISBON, Nov. 6.—Two days have passed without our
being able to publish our journal. As citizens, we hastened
like all other citizens, to arms on hearing the sound of alarm,
the echo of which repeated slavery under the name of the
charter. We wish we could relate in order all the events
as they took place ; but we are too much fatigued in body
and mind by the exertions of those two days, that we must
reserve for another number the record of deeds which
eclipse those of our great heroes, &c. And, in truth, who
will dare to deny the intrepidity with which the National
Guard, the Municipal Guard, the moveable battalions, and
the people behaved on those days ? Perhaps those men
who drew to themselves some public officers, with half-a-
do zen assassin armed spies, public robbers, who dared—oh,
eternal shame to designate—the palace of our Kings, the
victims whom they intended to sacrifice, &c. &c.
Many reasons for suspecting that a plot was carrying on
against the established order, appeared on the 24th of last
month. The licence of the Press (Inzprenta devorista), the
intrigues of certain foreign agents, who represented the
counter revolution as easy, for which 300 men would he
sufficient (said one of the idiots of the diplomatic ecarte,),
in a word, the insolonce with which the conspiracy was
carried on, all indicated the approach of the crisis. In the
evening of the 3d her Majesty resolved to go and inhabit
the Palace of Belem ; and in her name the Ministers of the
Crown, the Administrator-General of the district of Lisbon
and Colonel of the Artillery, and the General commanding
the armed force, were summoned thither. This summons
was an indication of the object of its authors, which was to
leave a body without a head, in order to profit by the confusion
which would ensue to accomplish their vile projects. Pre-
viously the troops of the line in the capital had been called
to Belem. In the night of the same day (the 3d), all the
Ministers went to the Palace, with the exception of the
Minister of Finance, Viscount Sada Bandeira, and after a
long delay their dismissal was announced to them ,and a paper
in which was promised oblivion of the past, and the pro-
.clamation of the charter of 1826. The new Ministry was
announced as formed, in which were the Marquis de Va-
lence, Prime Minister with the department of foreign
affairs ; Sen. Porto Covo de Bandeira, Finance ; Viscount
de Laborim, the interior ; the Baron de Leiria, War ; Sen.
Bressane Leite, the Marine.
This ill news was published on the morning of the 4th.
All the citizens flew to arms, not because they thought that
her Majesty could not freely appoint her own responsible
Ministers, but because they saw from the overthrow of the
Constitution Of 1822 she chose under restraint councellors
who forcibly alienated her from the constant love and re-
spect of her faithful subjects, who suffered so much to
restore her to the Throne.
The citizen soldiers immediately assembled, as by an
electric shock, in the Campo de wOrique, where they re-
mained the whole day under arms, hoping that in the en d
some of the many Counsellors of the Palace would remedy
the mischief which they had so imprudently done. We
shall not mention the scene which we then saw ; but our im-
partiality obliges us to say that the Marquis de Saldan con-
ducted himself as a cavalier (se houve conic cavalheiro.) It
not being possible to conciliate the people's minds on the
4th, the citizen soldiers remained under arms during
the night, and in the morning they proceeded to
join the brave battalions of the Arsenal and the 15th,
which were posted at Alcantara. The desire of con-
ciliation, and of avoiding all excesses, induced several
officers of the corps there, and many worthy officers,
and citizens, to make proposals for the sake of preserving
peace. Finally, after various incidents, her Majesty thought
fit to instruct the Viscount Sada Bandeira to form her
Ministry, and he again called into office his ancient col.
leagues, Senor Passes (Manoel) for the Interior, and
Senor Vieira de Castro for the Department of Justice, re-
serving to himself to fill up the Ministry at leisure. This
news was received by the citizens with the greatest enthu-
siasm, which increased when they soon afterwards saw her
Majesty proceed to the Palace das Necessidades.
The acclamations that resounded on all sides clearly
proved to her Majesty the love and attachment of all loyal
Portuguese to their august Sovereign, and how well they
distinguish between the acts of her counsellors and her's, which
they know always proceed from her wishes for the good of
her subjects. After Her Majesty reached the Palace, the
citizen-soldiers and their brave comrades withdrew to their
houses and quarters to take some rest ; the city was illumi-
nated, acclamations resounded on every side, and the cry
of the Constitution of 1820 (Qy. 1822 ?) was the only one
that was heard. This cry is the basis of the future code,
of which nobody can cheat us. " The Queen and the Consti-
tution," such is the motto of the Portuguese; for these two
sacred objects, we shall always be ready to sacrifice our-
selves. The Queen and the Constitution was the oath of
the National Guard of Lisbon, was echoed by the National
Guard, and the population of the whole Kingdom, and they
will defend it against either Don Miguel, or those who
pretend to govern us according to his system. (The
National concludes by addressing praises to the soldiers
and the National Guard, and says for itself it shall con_
tinue to advocate only the cause of Liberty and the People.)
The Diario do Governo to the sth November inclusive
makes no mention whatever of the above events, but an of
ficial supplement to the Diario of the sth, gives eever,a,
decrees of her Majesty. 1. Appoints the Viscount Sa dal
Bandeira President of the Council of Ministers ; 2 and 3
appoints Sr. Passes to be Minister of the Interior, and Sr.
El de Castro Minister of Justice ; 4. thanks the National
Guards of Lisbon for the proofs of love and loyalty which
it has just riven her, and for its effectual co-operation in
the re-establishment of the Constitution with the modifica-
tions which the Cortes are to introduce in it, which will
ensure the liberty of the nation and the prerogatives of her
constitutional Crown. 5. Tranquillity being restored, the
battalions of the National Guard are to be sent to their
quarters to repose after the fatigues they have endured in
their many and extraordinary services during these glorious
days. 6. The review of the National Guard which was to
take place on the 6th, is deferred till the Sunday following.
All these decrees are dated sth November, from the Palace
des Necessidades.
