THE THEArIiE•

Miss STANLEY made her seCoad appeflience
night; in the character of Juliet. There Was no 4
thing in her performance that tequires any addi»
tional comment on our part. Thete was
what less of the infantile manner which we no.
ticed, and she seemed toilet more from theimpulse
of her own. feelings. As she iv youtt and ardent,
she may. With clue attention, become a tieful ad-
dition to the company.
After the Tragedy, a new Farce was represent-
ed, under the title of Who's to have her ? The tabll
was full as iniprobable is any production of the
kind, even in these times of dramatic extrava-
gance. There werea guarding, s loser, and a couple
of intriguing servants, but there was nothing no
vel, and little humorous, 'in their operationl•
The pieee was essentially indebted to DowToN,
MUNDEN,.:KNIGUT, TYNE, and Mrs. MouNtsalf.
The. music,, by Itzsvr., was pretty, and that is all
that can be said. The audience were put into
such good humour by the acting, that they Lett
nuktly suffered the piece to be announced for
rc-
petitiva this evening.
The audience last night, at Covent Garden
Theatre, called for God save the King ! which was
performed by the orchestra ; but the Song also
was demanded, and several of the singers Caine
unlit the stage in a 'hnrry, adjusting their (treks as
they entered. Many Gentlemen in the boxes had
orange coloured watch rihands, with Orange
boven on them in large ',Lick letters.

After the Feurnonght,,witich has arrived at Piy.
mouth; had put to sea from Passages on the 10th,
a very heavy cannonade was heard from the direct
tion of Bayonne.
The Rocket Brigade, under the command of
Captain HENRY BOWYER LANE, lately embarked. at
Woolwich, to join Lord WELLINGTON) anti since
then destined fur Germany, is now ordered to proe
ceed to the British Army in France.
SURREY ELECTION.---FIRST DAYo-State of the
Poll :

Mr. TfinßsioN fitti
Sir 'l'. Tuirrt*/.. ' • I

Yesterday was married, by Special ileenAe,
ALEXANDER DON, gsq, only son of Sir At.pxlN.
MR DON, of Newton, Bart. to !Mot islotcroom
ate, second daughter of the lute littalttlE NIONT-
QOAMIR, Esq. of Garboldisham Hall, in the
county of Norfolk. The ceremony took place at
the house of Mrs. Mowroostnate, Baker-street,
Portman.square; after which the new-marrie
couple set off for the country to pass the honey..
moon.

The Palle ought to be most particularly on their
guard against a spurious Composition to prevent
the effects of Friction; .which we understand is fee.
quently attempted to be foisted upon them fur the
Patent Anti. Attrition Composition, by which
frauds, are committed on the Public, and also up.
on the Patent Right. ' The real Patent Composiy
Lion may be known by the directions which are
given with each Box, being signed " W. D. Bel-
latny,!' -and in all cases the Patent- Composition
answers at least t4ee times better than that which
is attempted to be substituted tor what is sohl •at
N 9.40, cliarinpeross.

•

FREINiCI-1 PAPERS.

'CONSERV,VeIVE Q.ENATE.

BITTING OV THE. 12Tfl Or NOVEMBER.

The Senate assembled at two o'clock in the

ncternoon, under the Presidency of his Serenti
.1 Highness the Prince Arch-Chancellor of thu
Empire.
His Excellency.. Count Regnaud dc Sahli Jean
d'Angtly, Ministei' of State,- Counsellor of State,
e,i•Count 41016, were introduced. They pre-
.sent,:i three projetS of Senatus Consulta, (see
her :titer thu Sitting ot the. 15th of Noeinher).
Count Itegnaud de Saint Jean d'Angely ..sA forth
the motives for the first in the following mitn-
-tier •' •

MOTIVES FOR THE SENATUS CONSULTUM WHICH
PLACES 300,000 NILN AT THE DISPOSAL OF THE
MINISTER AT WAR..

" Monseigneur Senators,—That memorable.
Sitting is still pre eat to you, in which, at once
fulfilling the align-a dudes of Regent, Wife, Mo-
ther, an' a Freniii woman, the Empress came to
point out to you the necessities of France. The
sentitnents which she excited in this halt weie ra-•
pidly communicated to all parts of the Empire,
and still all heart's..
were Frenchmen acknowledged, that
in the actual situation of civilized Europe, the na,..
tiot.• could not hope. to preServoits'ranki Malina;
its dignity, provide for its.safety, defend its ter-
ritory, but' by pro Portioning its efftirts to. conquer,
to the clforts. attemptedto subject .it ; hut by in-
creasing the power of its armies the extent of its
resources, above the poWer, above the resources,
of the States.coalesced againstit.. But at,that
epbeh, gentlemen, • the defection of Bavaria th'i's
slot pOisffilltilated.; French Loyalty honoured itself
by refusing to give credit to it.
" You were; then.stillignorant how time •Saxons-
bad in the midst of battle deserted ranks in
our armies, to occupy those which had been pre-
viously rewired for. them in the armies of our
enemies ; how the artillery, furnished, provided,
from our arsenals, had been turned against our
battalions„ suddenly assailed by batteries intended
to protect. them.
" 'lhose events, of which no examples are found
but in the ancient history of the barbarous Kings
of Asia—those events,,
.for which Europe hall not
• hitherto to blush on account of her cabinets, 1.,
be aillicted for her been attended
with circumstances which, a few weeks before
could, not have presented themselves to your
thoughts. However, gentlemen, our ellemies
.themselyes confess it, on considering their de-
feats and 'their losses, the French armies have
supported their ancient and.imperishable renown,
• notwithstanding all those: events. But, by tie
,force of circumstancesglorioth victories have be-
critnesteril ; reiterated triumphs insufficient.; and
the nnforeseen and deplorable event of the bridge
at Leipsic, has added to the advantages of ow
enemy—ever happy, for once, to obtain a triumph
without a battle, trorbies without danger, and
success without glory.
" Upon this fresh misfortune, each of you,
gentlenet2t. lias,Ecen a universal sentiment of -de-
votion, of generosity, manifest itself in ail parts.
• lii the midst of 'public, and even private,.
'French ht irts Were filled with indignation at the
ought alonc „conceived by t he enemy, of triiiinpli-
ingOver France, of deyistating her territory, of,
ituptising laws on, her.
" The cry of alarm, and
,fete assistance, raised
try our children, by our brothers still iu arms, s'tilt
fighting with_ glory, re sOunded on the
banks the Seine, oil the dalibini,
,the Mo-
selle, and the Loire, upon the mountains of
the Vosgcs., the Allis, and l'yrentnies. All old
Frenchmen have :Anticipated by their wishes, the
Wants of the country, the danger and saeriiices
ticeessiuy to pi eyent,dangers, and sacrifices which
rEherwise would be very friglolid, by their ()vent,
and by'the humiliation widi wh.eli they would be
. . . •
‘Vhat, in `short, gentlemen, would our situa-
tion he; if the inemies who are•already pit some
pnit,ts of our frontiers,
.and wt., menace them on
ano her side, should penetrate upon our,territory?
\‘'),;.r pylec (Milli there ,remain for us to expect,
lint the peace of slavery, or the peace of the tomb
By what insolent and debasing conditions vvould
Dowers, wh oin their interests divide, revenge them-
ielVes for the Mal of our successes, theimmilia-
tioii their 'defeats, die necessity that tunic them
atibscribe,to treaties which they have violated, and
even for the generosity' which consented to them
" Judge of it,.;—let France judge of it, gentle-
men, with yin!, 'hy.what our enclitics have dared
at Dresdeo, bet re our united; menacing, victo-
rious armies. That Congress, hope of the world,
tailed for, desired by the' tniperor, which, like
pat of Westphalia in iii-Is, could alone have ba-.
Idneed nod Teguljtted the interests Of Etirope, was
+elected; notwithstanding the persevering en-
treaties ofttie French Caliinet.
": The apparent preparations for it were 'but
deceiving Dlealli Under which were concealed
the elltreti ye preparations 'of a geni:ral concede-
I.:rep.. The preteatled Plenipotentiaries were in
effect hut agents, 'charged 'to settle tat' plan Of a
campaign already determined- upon, a nktot am-
bassadors preparing ,pkits . kir a, desired peace.;
passionate -men, who,. -by appealing to.artus and
force, instead olappealing to_ jussiee.,and reason ;
niett
.previously deLermined discuss nothing,,
end pretending to dictate a capitulation in place
t)f,disenssing a treaty I .•
"They theta reckoned upon those defections
whielt,we will,leave, equitable posterity, impartial
history, the care of characterising; they reposed
upon. those, violations of treaties which the Old
Fnigland bad paid for before-bend ; which
threats h;al vrepared, which fear had promised;
:wealtatet,s,gave reason- to, expect. They had,
not yet ljeforp/the wallkof Dresden, ,where
they AftOrWal* striking reverses,
alvf.olreadrthey. wished to dictate taws,
' . coal(' fix y ilea, had they c-ossed the
or the Selteldt,lbe,Alps or the Pyrennees ?
],do not ask, Aim jtistice, ask -what .. treatment
Fißnee could expect from them,,,,, what repose. Ku-
tope cobid :hope for from them. The answer,
Gentlemen, is an )lie annals of :history'. •
. e ..e f „..:. Arxr

•
nurnpe titougllt tviti a balance, crowns
,ft gna-
rtntre, civilization a bulwarks the throne of P -
land existed.

"Ao impious coalition was formal. A tritimvi-
late of kings darcil to ctn tO each other their
ambition, by pointing out the victim, marking otit
each part in the common prey ; ,alul Poianik at
last dis.aembered, entirely disappeared,
,ustres Afterwards front,the number of European
towns.

What bitter regrets has not France' suffered ;
what shameful reproaches has France experienced,
whos.e weakness tolerated that Wicked political en-
terprize, which has since brought about
,results.so
great, so remarkable !—Weil, gentletnen, niy
question is fin ;,vered by these reproaches, by these
regrets. Poheid fl-hused, dividedolestroycd, op 7
pressed, is a terrible lesson for France, threatened
by the sante Powers who &stinted Itir the piirts' of
Abe Polish monarchy. . .
" The manes •of Poniatowski ; the manes of the
bite King of Poland, so miserably (Irk en far froth
his throne; the Manes of thelast General 'Of the ,
Poles, so gloriously buried under laurels, tell ,stns
with what .enemies you have to contend, and.what
arc the means of obtaining front them the peace
which we wish, and the repose which Europe de-
sires. It is to drive far from the empire that
league which threatens it.
" If the coalesced limiest could penetrate or.
establish themselves on this side the Pyrennees,
the Alps, or the Rhine, the day of peace would
not shine fi. France.' It -can 'only rise fur its in
t)roporrion as we shall have sent tort distanee,'and
driven the enemy -far from -Dist territory. kis .:o
satisfy this iv,:th, this want, this duty of the Mo-
narch and the people, that new forces are neces-
sary, anti that the Emperor demands them with
confidence from the nation which has offe.red,them
with so generous an eagerness.
referring to the callings which the Sena-
tus Consultum authorises upon the classes .pre-
Vionsly -liberated, and in • go ng back to the year
1811, his Majesty gives way to-the empire of cir-
cmustatices as much as...to time coini.sels•-uf justice,
wisdom, and humanity, . .
" The men who shall come to range thenielVes:-
tinder the French' eagles will unite • strength to
courage,.to support the honone Of them ;
the young conscription shall acquire it; the ser-
vice of the armies of reserve' that vigour which
they itill•want, to second 'the sentiments' with
which they. :ire animated, and of which the last
levies have rivets proofs upon the.tielti of battle,
that a4tonishedotir' old phalanxes.
" • The national guards, the •arming of which
haslionourably.nnticipated danger, shall'return
to their homes; the.fathersof families who com-
pOse them, shall he restored to their professions,-
-to 'their labours.
" Senators, the words which shall proceed froth
this plane; to cal to arms the descendants of those
same Frenchmen, who, at so many glorious 4oclis
•haverepulsed the. barbarians from the land of time
braves the country of the. arts, the centre of ei-
vilization,—these words will be repeated by nil
fathers; by all mothers, by all wives, by all bro-
thers, whose litt.shantls, children, brothers, Arc '
this moment paying th it debt time) Owe to the
country. flow many does not France reckon of
them! How ninny 1 know of them myself, who,
with eyes still moistened,with tears, shed on ac-
m ount of their imfortunate losses ; who, with
• hearts stilt' moved with fears for those Whom Pea-
•vitience has preserved to their love, only think of
svinling to their assistance the ,brave. men :who
yet remain to them. , '
" Noble children of our dear ['ranee, r,enerous •
defenders of our glorious, country, who shut
wards the ishine, towards• the Pyrennes, thq
en-
trance into France avinst the English, the Rus-
sians, and their Allies, you shall not he abautioned
without assistance in the holy and honourable
'contest to which you are divined. Yet a short
titmie, and numerous battalions of men, powerful
ill force andin courage, shall proceed to your aid,
to ensure victory, and todelivir the French land.
" It is thus, Gentlemen, that surrounded hy, all
the fOree, ell the
,poWer of the nation, the l'iat-
peror, moder,ate, as when he granted Austria the
peace of Lei and Caitli) Fermin, in the hope
of signing. that of Europeeat Rusted(.: generous a's
at the epoch when he erected.thrones, awl end Ow-:
ed then; f'roni his etinqueits, after time vietorici i?f
Jena and of Austerlitz, will he able to prepare
peace with wisdom, by balancing the. :conditions
with justice, and Signing it with honour,"
Count Mol6 afterwardsF,et forth the44ives of
two other pridets of Senat us COnsulta, relative,
. • •
the first, to t*prorogation.of the powers ot.the
deputie; of the Legklatiie Body of the 4th se-
ries ; the second, to the qpointment of the Pre-
sident of the Legislative Body, and to the Lope—.
rial sittings of that Body.:• ry
Monseigneur senators,--7-The Lmperor has
ordeeedn's'io present to you a projet, stating, that
the Deputies to she, Legislative Body of the dth
.series; shall exercise their fouctions.during all the
time* that the Session, which will open on the 2d
of December next, shall 'l'he same measere
waspropOied to'you at the beginning of this year,
and you adopted it by the Senates COnsultum of
the 9th of January'hist.
"-The reasons which then determined you will
tin 80 now, with more torce. The period for time
meeting of the Legislarive Body is too near for
its icing pOssible to provide for•replaeing the De-
puties going Mit, and the Motive's for that Con-.
vocation are too imperious to allow of 4 being de;
fermi, It is theretot•e iodiTensalile to continue,,
as you have already done, in their functions,
,The
members composing the fourth series„, .
". We 'are, hoildes,' charged, Gentlemen, to
present you ;mother projet. .--Artirlel:srntes, that
time Emperor shall appoint to the Presidentship of
the Legi,lative Body;
" [lnherit) his Alajosty bas chosen from among
five eaudidates which the Legislative Body pre-
seined to 'him. 13ut. it 'May happen that men
*col Upon this Wevyr houourable stud dis-
lingeishedi they' holy be, have owes bollt, known
by time Empernt*.
• " AS aim of the prerogativespf the Legislative
Body is to he able .to direelly npproach the Sove-
reign throegh the Organ at its l'i.esi•cleut, it 1, •,
been thought, that to render the,e communicA -
tions uter.! wec:til, and especiallylp the
ltody, it was, firoper time President S1101:1‘1. Tae
nel%Aniall-4 known to the Eitatteror.' la this man-

ncr, the Legislative Do,vly; C.telt Is
•
bers, Wilt he certain of finding,, i.O its. President,
an intermediary, it guide; atula support.
"There are, besidesin the palace, etiquettes,
•foruts, which are requisite to be known, and
which for want of being properly understood, may
occasion mistakes and delays,Which, the Legislative
Body interprets nnfavottrablY, All that is avoid-
ed by the tiseoare we propose. To all these con-
siderations may lie.,joined that- of economy.
",'We lad at first been tempted,,to say, that, the
Legislative -Body should always..be presided-over
by t (fraud Dignitary, a Grand Officer ofthe'Ptit..-
pire, Or a Minister at State : lintYihe advice at the
:•PriVy, Council was,, thatthiS liMitation :would be,
attended wish th., inqm :enicnce of depriviip, the
,ATenthers of the Le't;l,htive r 0.04 of the dvanr
tage of being appointed to the Presidentship,
" Art. 2. states, that the_Senate and, the Coun-
cil of, ;State shall assist eh -toriis at thertmperial
Sittings of ,the LegiAttiye Body closed letters,.
Hitherto the Senate has only aNsi,e.l at it, by a
Depntation, 'end several times its' Members have
expressed a desire of .assisting in a body ; it
therefore, be a grand spectacle to see. assembled
in a single sitting, in Order to hear the words
emanaring from the throne, .all the gieat autho-
rities
.of the States. • , •
" No reasonable objection can be mule to this
proposition, since, in the solemn,sittings scon!;e-
crated to taking the oath by the.new members,
there can neither be tlki u•, ion,' nor Aidiberation
in them; an,d they
.are onivassemb'eti for the.
purpose of, hearing the discourse" de',kered from
the throne.'7

reht. three Projelq were referred to special com-
missions, and tile Senate 4Arti.)taracti to MUnday
next.

. . . . .
Iu the sitting of the 15th, Count D,lcan, in the
name of the eoinniis.,bn charged with examining
the first projet, after making a speech of some
length, said---" -The commiss:on proposes to you
the adoption of the pro.ject."
• , Senator Chaptalsand Count tie Chanteloup suc-
ceeded Count, ll.jean, and matle,t wo reports in
the name of the-commission charged with 004-
mining the two .other proii.ts ; they. proposed, in
the name of their re,uect ire conimis-Oons, tjtv,,t,fie
projeti"should be ackpied, t knch wat'untinimons-;
ly agreed to.
[Here follow the iltcrces, issited..in. the .usnal
style, confirming their adoption.]
relatiFeAO the placitv;3oo;olo,nien at the
disposal of the lginister at iVar, consists-o#. life
Articles, as follow

" Coushlet‘ing that the, enemy lirui inrstded the
frontiers of di-eV:TIT:re on the, side of the I'vren-
ie'es the Noktii.;' that
beyond the Al_p_s., nye threatened i_Nr'elia-re and.. do
decree,

Art. 1. Three hundred thonsaid conscripts taken from the
claws of the /ears ; 3,1506, Iticavrop.t.folluwin;
years to; flnit tteeislat-ed at Hit disposal
ofilie Minister at War.

Qne litintlrecl and fifty thousand nteu shall be levied
without' delay, tube immediately 'placed in activity.
• The remaining one bondred,itud tif!ythottitiod men ball be
left in reserve, to be levied only in ca•:e, the eastern frontier
•sliottht be intnitledO4The'conseripts.tbat shod be.levieg
twenty-four tit:pertinent', which, occgr4ing to she, !leis !tni
Consultum, of the Q.lthAt*iist; 11414,'bsieffifietietrlied,tb
'the Army of Spailb.,shall tr..v4s the sante (lestioation.
s...'l'here shall he fiirined tie -Mies of reserve, which shall be
I)lllAejl,at liutirdeildx,..Metir,•Titritsoind.l7treidst.,/nottitt,Otfia
points where they )shall be ns•cesavy to guarantee the itiviola-
hint rof 14wterritnry nethe I:llTpirt'. ''Oinsceipta..:tharriekliire-
vi9us, to the publicattun of ,ttke tpresent ',ratans entisultom,
flinnalsiStink in the formation
contingent.... i age at. .
•
4.
*:he present' senatu. _onvalttim sf be tr tnionttea to
his Majeity the.Luiperor ant King. ,

ST. CLOUD, Nov. 16.-7173 M:sjesty htintett.tor
day, ,for several hours, plain of §atory,,r.
[The IllonWur of the r7th.contn;n9... accoit,ltt
from Vice-Admiral Emerian to the Afttiistei-' at
Wati,.•tlafeti board,.thelhip /inperiati,Toolon,
,stating Ithk•haviog made reatly.to sail try
the morning of Pic preceding, day, ‘NTRIt 12
'and 6' frigatits, the wind at' east; wbielt-6htttnly
Alrifted to the north,r; and. itfterwards, to:the west.
Ilk advanced 0j.0,-; were Nit camiclu-sbot
the enemy's squadron ; and in the skirrnith whyl
ensued at the opening of the rtiatk, the Ilgin4ni-
tion;l4Cmost -advatteett ihip, was• within reikielt of
several of the enemy's vessels, whielccovered Fier
with their balls, and—wottntled nine of her crew
slightly; that,,tlie Wagraiq,,,whiehmAsameptlhe
.;•kametnnon, protected her efficaciously, and
ex-
changed several broadsides with the'eteniv's
and bad .two -men wounded; that severlat others
of hid ships of . the line and frigates bad. received
trifling i»jury Civir ails , ttlvtj*.ing that the
uitei.wants retired, -and 'that three of hi
ships appeared to have much sutTered.)
