FOR THE SUN.

MR. EDlTOR—Without being diverted from
my common avocations, I had the mortification
to witness some parts of the proceedings of the
14th Inst.; and when I reflect upon the appear-
ance and general demeanour of those individuals
who, in the absence of all delicacy of feeling,
presumed to constitute themselves a part of a
procession which ought to have been equally free
from such disgusting intrusion as the funeral
rites of the meanest subject, I cannot but la-
ment that the leniency of Government should
have permitted such unprincipled, low, and de-
signingmen to trample upon theirauthority,and to
acquire so fatal an ascendancy. The disgraceful
efforts of this rabble, propelled by a selfish press,
teeming with a rancour and phrenzy bordering
upon treason, and possessing a kind of magic
power over the brains of a half informed and a
half drunken populace, have led upon this la-
mentable occasion to the effusion of human blood.
Attempts are making by these votaries to cast
the obloquy upon the soldiers who were employed,
and whose forbearance was extreme even to a
fault. My feelings of indignation lead me- thus
to obtrude upon your attention in the expression
of my sentiments, although I confess 1 am in
many respects no supporter of the present admi-
nistration. Touching the' Queen's Funeral, it is
sufficient to observe, if His Majesty's Govern-
ment did not pay that respect to her remains
which they were bound to do to the remains of a
Member of the Royal Family, ranking so high in
the State, they are answerable at another Tribu-
nal, and there the People have their Representa-
tives. Are we to suffer a lawless mob to dispute
the authority of Government ? Are the Brass-
founders, the Morocco Leather-dressers, the
Caulkers, the Sawyers, and labouring mechanics
of this vast metropolis, living in comfort them-
selves by the exercise of the talents and enter-
prize of the thinking part of the community ;
men, who have interest in the State inasmuch as
they have property to lose—are they, ask, to
be permitted with impunity to oppose the proper
Constitutional exercise of the Government, and
become our legislators ? GOD forbid ! that such
an order of things should again exist for one day—
as aPatriot I do not hesitate to express my convic-
tion that the tranquillity of my country would
have been better promoted by adhering to the
original route of the Procession,_ supported by the
aid of a larger military force properly distributed,
than by giving way to a lawless infuriated mob.
These are the sentiments of a friend to Civilised
Society, and

August 17, 1821. A CONSTANT READER.

Witness.—No. After he fired his pistol, saw
him ride down towards the turnpike-gate,, and
after he got a hundred yards down, turned
his horse, and rode back again towards Cum-
berland Gate. He then met a parcel more sol-
diers, almost as many as would go abreast in the
street. They passed by him, and as soon as
they were past, he turned round his arm (witness
imitated the manner) and fired. Saw a man fall
on the opposite side of the street. This was the
second fire. The officer stood about the middle
of the street, below Cumberland Gate. He
meant on the side nearest to Tyburn ; about ten
or twelve yards below the cross-roads leading to
Cumberland Gate. Immediately upon the dis-
charge saw a man fall. The man expired very
soon, and he never saw him after. Could not get
near him. He was carried off some time after,
and expired. Witness was standing by the
watch-box at Cumberland Gate, about ten or
twelve yards distant from the man who was shot.
Did not see the officer when he fired, because his
back was towards him; but when the officer fired
the first pistol, had a side view of his face, and a
full view when he was coming back. Does not
know who he was ; but was he to see him again
in regimentals, should know him amongst a
thousand. Saw the same officer come out of the
Park, and was neither at the head of the troops
nor in the rear ; there were several before and
several after him. There were several pistols
fired down towards the Edgeware-road, before
the young officer fired. Heard no Riot Act read.
Saw no brickbats thrown before the firing. Saw
no Magistrate or Civil Officer cautioning the
people against violent conduct. Did not see Sir
Sir R. Baker after they left Kensington. Did
not see the man who was shot commit any act of
violence. .There werevery few people standing
where the deceased was, and saw no stones
thrown from that quarter, until after the man was
shot. Saw the guards ride up to the Park-gates,
which were not closed. Saw no scuffle between
the guards and the people there. Saw the guards
riding about and brandishing their swords ; this
irritated the people, and they threw bricks, and
hissed the soldiers and cried murder. This was
after the man was shot. Tha soldiers were
brandishing their swords before and after the
man was shot. Did not see the people in the least
disorderly, except when the soldiers interfered.
Some conversation here ensued between Mr.
Waithman and the Coroner relative to the pro-
priety of a question as to the witness's knowledge
of any plan for obstructing the procession. The
question was not put.

Mr. HANsoN, ofßouverie-street, as we under-
stood, wished to ask the witness a few questions,
on the part of Col. Cavendish and the troops in
general. In reply to this gentleman's examina-
tion, the witness stated that he did not know the
time at which he came up to the gates. The
gates were open. The hearse was about to go

A Juryman—" Do yoUbelieve that the Officer
saw the man ?
Witness—" I do not know—l believe he shot
the man. Whether he did it on purpose or acci-
dentally Ido not know." The man stood upon
the pavement with his right side nearest the
houses and looking towards the Officer. The
Officer appeared to be quite a young man—sup-
poses about twenty. Saw no constable near the
place.
A person who was speaking to the witness was
here removed from him, and the evidence was
read over and then signed.
J. Cook, of No. 17, Francis-street, Tottenham-
court-road, Gent. was then sworn, and deposed
as follows :—The witness joined the procession
on horseback at Brandenburgh House, and went
all the way with it. The procession stopped at
Kensington Church. The people were anxious
that it should go 'through the City, and begged
of the horsemen who were most forward to go in
that direction, which they did. That occasioned
the constables to strike them and to turn them
back. The mob stood across the lane -where
the constables wanted to go up, but they could
not penetrate through the people ; the people
hallooed out, " It's no use to come this way, you
can't get past ; there is a cart upset, and a cable
across the road." A waggon then came up
filled with stores ; it was a sort of baggage wag-
gon, with two or three soldiers upon it, and some
more on foot ; they went to the end of the lane
for the purpose of avoiding the procession, and
stood almost across it ; the soldiers had thus
blocked up the way unknowingly in the way the
people desired.
A Juryman here stated that he. thought they
had nothing to do with what passed at Kensing-
ton,and this examination was a waste of time.
The CORONER observed, that they wanted to
ascertain whether the Riot Act was read at Ken-
sington.
The witness stated that the Riot Act was not
read there, for he scarcely had his eyes off Sir R.
Baker for two minutes while the procession staid
at Kensington. At that spot saw nothing take
place between the soldiers and the people ; the
soldiers did not interfere there. Left the pro-
cession half a mile this side Kensington, and saw
no stoppage any where but at the Church. Rode
on with the intelligence of the way the proces-
sion was coming. Came to Park-lane, and found
that also blocked up ; some one got there before
him. Sir. R. Baker came to within a few yards
of Park-lane, and then halted. While he was
there, he understood it to be the intention of Sir
It. Baker that the procession should pass through
the City. Heard this from others.
Mr. Hanson objected to evidence which had
only been heard, and after some dispute it was
rejected.
While witness remained here, a person came
shuffling through "the crowd as fast as lie could,
and declared that the hearse had turned round
to go back. Witness. turned his horse round,
and pushed on as fast as he could to the gates
of the Park. Itode on and got before, the pro-
cession, and through Cumberland-gate before
the soldiers. Very few people were assem-
bled when he rode through. Observed no
soldiers in Oxford-street at that time. There
were some in the inside of the gate, they
were Life Guards. Was going ou to the
street opposite Cumberland-gate, and upon turn-
ing round was surprised to see so many soldiers
in the Park and about the gate. They came
through, and the people went in between them
and attempted to shut the gate ; they succeeded
in getting one shut. Some of the,soldiers were
then through. The shutting of the gate did not
appear to divide the. soldiers ; they looked like
separate bodies. Only one of the. gates was
shut, so that at any time there was room for sol-
diers to go through. They could go through
without forcing their way through the people,
There were so few people then present, that the
witness was surprised. Should not think there
were 50 nor 30 people who had hold of the gate
in the act of pushing it. Saw the soldiers cut at
those who had hohl of the gates. Did not see
that they cut any of them. That was followed
by the throwincr-of stones and bricks. Saw no
such thing before the cutting took place, and
was in such a direction that he must have seen it
if it had occurred. The soldiers afterwards re-
mained outside the gate in a confused state, ap-
parently not knowing what to do. Whilst stand-
ing.in that uncertainty, many bricks were thrown
at them. There were a great many thrown; the
throwing continued for a minute or two.

The Foreman said, " Then, about a dozen
would be thrown in that time."

Witness.-----" Oh ! a great many more." The
soldiers had then ceased to cut the people, until
an Officer, full of desperation, rushed with his
sword at one man in particular, who was a foot
passenger ; the man bent himself under the wall,
as if to avoid the attack. The Officer cut at him,
but whether he cut him or no, could not see.
Did not recognize the face of that Officer. Did
not see whether the man threw any thiug; his at-

William Spratt, resides at 29, Little Russell-
street, Bloomsbury, and is by trade a shoe-
maker; saw the procession first at Knights-
bridge barracks. Did not see it pass into the
Park ; was down at Park-lane ; understood that
the body rtes gone through the gate, and return-
ed back again ; saw nothing take place in. the
Park, either on the part of the soldiers or the
people. The soldiers were through Cumberland-
gate when witness came up ; saw the bustle
of the soldiers driving the people down Ox-
ford-street. They were driving them with
their swords ; saw them strike at the people ;
did not see them strike any body until one
of them came and struck him. Saw nobodr
hurt them. After the soldiers drove the peo-
ple, stones were thrown. Witness did not
throw any. After the people were driven
away- they returned and threw stones. Witness
was standing against the Park gate, when a sol-
dier drove at him and cut his umbrella just oppo-
site his neck, where he held it to defend himself.
(The witness produced the umbrella, which was
slightly cut round towards the bottom.) The
soldier struck vtry violently, so as to knock the
umbrella against his 'head with great force. Wit-
ness ran to get away, when the soldier sheathed
his sword and fired a pistol after him, but did
not lilt him. Witness was running away, and
looking round to see if the soldier still pnrsued
him, when the pistol was fired, for he was riding
after him. it was a private soldier. Witness
had thrown no stones. When the pistol was
discharged, the soldier did not pursue witness
any farther ; was then running across the road, and
saw a young Officer draw a pistol from his holster
and deliberately shoot a man opposite to him. The
Officer stood about seven or eight yards from 'the
decefised, and two yards from the witness. Wit-
ness was running away, and turned round and
saw the Officer deliberately shoot the man. Wit-
ness saw the man stagger back, but never saw
him afterwards; the man was standing near the
door of the first house from the corner of Cum-
berland-street ; is quite positive, should know
the Officer if he saw him again in regimentals ;
he wore a red coat, and appeared to be about
eighteen ; the man who was shot was in the front
of the crowd, which was very great at that part;
he fell back into the people; he stood opposite
the Officer when he tired, and to his right.—
(The witness here explained the position in
which the deceased and the Officer were stand-
ing.)--Does not know what dress the man had
on ; when cut at he was alarmed, but not
Eo alarmed as to be mistaken in the positions;
is eye sight was good, and he saw quite clear;
when the officer shot the man, he laughed—When
he saw him stagger, he laughed ; when the sol-
dier fired at witness he was coming Park-lane
way; he Was not so situated that the ball which
missed him might have killed the deceased ;
some part of the procession had passed through

the gate when witness came up•-•=the hearse was
riot tnroagh ; two of the horses_ belonging to the
hearse we're through the gate, the others were
not ; saw no civil authorities endeavouring to
resE•riiirs the people from acts of violence. Saw
somebody, whom he was told was Sir Robert
Baker; the soldier 6 on. lie was dressed
in a brz::,vn-great coat, and riding upon one of
the soldiers' hores. Was only told that it. was
Sir R. 13aker: does-not know him.
Aleicander, lives at No. 4, Tower-street, Scho. Is
a dyer, apprentic'e'd Mr. Briggs, of Brewer-street. Saw the
prOcesszon at Brandenburgh House ; went quietly to Kensing-
ton, Wheere he saw the-. people draw a dung-waggon across the
scent and next a was,ison with some soldiers ; they were placed
across the lane leading up-by Kensington Church e- some blows
passed on both sides between the constables and people ; saw
no sticks, nothing but the constables' staffs ; the soldiers' wag-
gon then went away, and another was drawn-into its plate, so
that nothing could pass.
A Juryman interfered, and said that he considered any exit=
rninaticn as to facts that occurred before the death of the de-
ceased was irrelevant.
The CORONEIL considered that the matter embraced the
whole proceedings previous to the death of the unfortunate man:
It was very essential to ascertain whether the soldiers had re-
ceived any provocation at Kensington by the same persons who
u•nended them on to Cumberland gate, where the unfortunate
affair took place.
TheToreman of the Jury could not consider that what took
place at Kensington had any thing to do with the proceedings
at Cumberland-gate.
After some farther conversation, the examination was re-
sumed. -
At the Kensington Park Gate witness heard a Gentleman on
horseback say, "it is altered." SaW nothing more until 'they
arrived in Piccadilly ; the soldiers there turned their backs
upon the Procession, and their horses heads to the.people upon
the pavement, with their pistols out ; witness heard the Gentle-
man in the brown coat say that the Procession should go through
the city ; the Gentleman was upon a horse like the soldiers, with
the wool uon it ; an Officer came up to him, and they went
back together; in five minutes time there was a cry that the
hearse was gone up the Park ; the people went up a street be-
hind Park-lane, because that was stopped up ; witness ran to
tie top as fast as he could to see the hearse come out of the
Park ; when he got there, saw the soldiers driving the people,
and striking them with their swords; three or four soldiers
galloped to Park-lane, where witness was, and he ran down
the lane, and up the first turning ; here he found no outlet, and
waited until the soldiers returned, when he went out by the
same way he entered, and the soldiers came galloping back ;
witness got uhder a coach ; he then crossed over between Coin-
beriand-street and Quebec-street ; there were no stones thrown
on that side of the way ; they were all thrown from the corner
of Park-lane, where the soldiers tried to ride over the people ;
witness was standing close beside the curb-stone. against :a
stable-yard, when a young Officer, whom witness should know
again, came riding up Oxford-street" • he did not turn his
horse, but turned his head towards Quebec-street, and took a
pistol in his hand ; the horse's head was then turned towards
Tyburn-turnpike; the Officer was dose to the corner of Park-
Jane, and he pointed his pistol ; directly the pistol was tired a
man fell down ; saw him after he was down ; the pistol was
pointed towards him ; witness saw it go off ; the man stood
near the corner of Cumberland-street ; • witness was within
three yards of the man ; the Officer stood to the right of wit-
ness in the road. The man was taken to Mr. Lightfoot's ; di-
rectly he was taken up, witness followed him to the Doctor's ;
does not know Sir.R. Baker ; heard nobody admonishing the
people from pursuing tumultuous conduct ; the Officers seemed
siding about instead of being with the men ; there were stones
:Led bricks thrown from the corner of Park-lane before the
firing ; none were thrown from where the man was standing ;
only heard the peoply cry" City," on that side. (The withers
then described the situation of himself, the man,autfthe Officer
at the time when the latter fired, and the man was shot); heard
rib riot act read ; saw no one but the soldiers ; no stones were
t? town until the soldiers knocked about their swords and drove
tee neople down Park-lane.
Mr. Sheriff WasTHatax here observed, that, in consequence
of an interview which he had with the brother and sister of the
deceased, he was induced to hope that some means would be
adapted by which the soldiers might be drawn up so as to give
the witnesses a fair opportunity of viewing and identifying
Viose who were concerned in the death of Richard Honey.—
lie merely held it out as a suggestion to the Coroner and Ju
rymen, as more becoming them, than himself or others ; sti
he must observe, that a heavy responsibility would rest on tier
is some steps were not taken for the purpose which lie ha
rresetioned.

One of the Jurymen observing that they had no right to take
such a step, Mr. Wam M A added that they had no right
to return a verdict r
ict tin they had received all the evidence
wiiich it was possible to acquire. He knew that if a leg of
mutton were stolen, the Officer of the regiment charged with
the theft would draw out the whole regiment that the offender
!night be identified. As the subject seemed to interfere with
the examination of the witnesses, he agned to postpone its
consf,deration till after the business of the day had been con-
cluded.

William Clmver, grocer and cheesemonger, No. 6, Church-
street, Chelsea, stated, that he joined the procession at Ken-
sington Gate, where he saw the Horse Guards in company with
the Blues; at this time the soldiers were. trying to turn the
procession into the Park. Saw a gentleman ride up to the gate
and expostulate with them, and some disturbance ensued. Wit-
ness proceeded on as far as Down-street, understanding that
the procession was about to pass through the City. He waited
there about ten minutes, until hearing the people cry, " the
body is gone through the Park," he ran up Down-street and
South Audley-street as fast as he •could, to see the proejssion
pass through Cumberland Gate. Having reached Oxford-street
crossed over, and had got within twelve or fourteen yards of
Cumberland-street, when he heard the report of twelve or four-
teen pistols. When he came up he found the stones flying about
in. all directions, and he heard the pistols going off at Snferent
times. Casting his eyes across the road he saw the procession
it confusion, and the soldiers riding abort in all directions. He
likewise saw an officer of the Life Guards apparently about
22 years of age, point his pistol in the direction in which the
witness stood; at the same instant he saw a flash in the pan
and a person uttering-a ery of " oh !" fell partly against hiin and
partly against die railings of the house near which he stood s
several persons cried out " the man is shot—take him to a Doc-
tor ;" witness was greatly alarmed, and having forced himself
out of the crowd, ran as fast as he could up to Quebecastreet,
and thence got into the New Road time enough to see the pro-
cession pass by ; the situation of the Officer at the time of his
firing the pistol was on the road opposite to the witness, but
about 35 or 40 yards nearer Tyburnatimpike ; about three-
quarters of ea hour afterwards, returning back again, he saw
the came offieere with about 12 or 14 men stationed opposite
Cumberland Gate; witness went up to him and said, " You are a
pretty fellow are you not to shoot a man;" the Officer looked at
witness and said," I wish you were shot too ;" he then resnov-
tal his horse to the farther end of his company; a Gentleman
came up and spoke to the same Officer, who appeased to
be his friend ; they whispered together, and at the conclu-
sion the Gentleman said " I wish you well out of it ;" Wit-
was examined the horse and accoutrements- very minutely,
but could not.disrover any thing by which he could recognize
them ; the colour of the horse was either bay or chesnut ; is
confident that he should be able to swear to the Officer if in
rn'imcntals at any time ; Witness being much exasperated,
thus addressed the Officer, " I shall know your face again,you're so damn'd ugly ;" he then looked at him again for five
minutes, and retired home across the Park. Before he went
home, he made an attempt to get into the public-house where
the body lay, but without effect ; there were several persons in
the crowd who said they could swear to the person of the Of-
ficer who shot the deceased, but he had neither seen them be-
fore er since ; the age of the Officer was between 20 and 22, he
was slim made, rather pale, and witness believes his hair to
have had a sandy cast, and his look was very dejected ; the man
who was shot dropped instantaneously ; he neither saw nor
heard any other pistol fired; does not know Sir Robert Baker;
heard many persons say that the Riot Act had been read, but
did not hear it read himself ; saw the stones flying about in all
directions, but none came from the spot where he stood ; where
witness stood there was a great crowd of people; saw some of
the horses had passed Cumberland-gate and had got into Ox-
ford-street. As he came up to Cumberland-gate saw a very
great crowd and the swords moving in the air; when he came
up heard twelve or fourteen pistols fired.
George Rogers, No.ll, Mornington-place, Hampstead-road,
tobacco-manufacturer. Was one of the Committee " for ar-
. ranging the Procession of those individuals who might be anxi-
ous to shew their respect to the remains of her late Majesty ;"
proceeded to BrandenL-argh House at six o'clock in the morn_
mg. In passing through Kensington perceived a number of
carts. waggons, and coaches drawn up at the entrance of a lane
near Kensington Church ; came back with the procession ; could.
net exactly say at what spot the Horse Guards joined the pro-
cession ; proceeded down Piccadilly at the head of the process
sion, imagining it would follow and pass through the City; when
be had proceeded some way there was an alarm given that a
part of the procession, with the body, was gone through the
Park ; witness therefore made his way as fast as he could up some
street into Park-lane on the full gallop ; the people were all run-
ning in the same direction. Placed himself nearly opposite Cum-
berland Gate, in order to take a view of what was going on, and
also to rejoin the proce.ssien as som as possible. The first object
which he saw was a body of Life Guards; there were three in
front; the centre one appeared to be an officer, by hia dress; e

besides that he was thinner, and less manly in his apliearaite
than the others. The party seemed in a state of violent irrita-
tion as they approached the gete from the interior, brandishing
their swords at the people as if they had no command of them-
selves ; the people were hissing at them. As soon as they had
come out through the gatta, which they did in an irregular
manner, they attacked the people ; the soldiers never once
formed till after the affray was over. When they got out of
the Park, the soldiers began galloping in all directions, and
using their swords; whether the side or edge, the witness
was not prepared to say • at that time he had seen no stones
thrown, but after the soldiers had attacked the people, per-
haps two, three, or four minutes after, the people retaliated
by throwing stones, and then the soldiers began to draw their
pistols, and fire them in an irregular manner : saw no damage
arise from the firing ; the people called out " murder ;" could
not state whether the soldiers had their pistols out at Hyde
Park Corner, as lie was at the head of the procession; it did not
appear to him that the people attempted to keep possession of
the gates.
Examined by Mr. WAITIIMAN—You have said that you-
were a member of the Committee for regulating part of the pro-
cession. Do you know whether there was any concerted plan
for obstructing the public ways ?
H ere the COnONE a objected to Mr. Waithman's question, as
being irrelevant to the object for which they were there then
assembled.
Mr. WarrIIMAN, in return repliedethat ha conceived he had
a right to take advantage of the witness,. being on oath, and be-
fore the Jury, to propose such a question to the witness as they
had just heard. He asserted, that the Coroner and the Jury were
charged, with a conspiracy to admit persons in evidence whose
depo.ltions should bias the public opinion, and he contended,
that being himself charged with having been a part of that con-
spiracy, he hada right to put upon.hia oath and examine hint
touching his knowledge of theanatter. lie maintained, that the
Coroner ought, in justice to the Committee, to charge the Jury
to investigate the truth of this public- danger.
The C0110:NE it—l am not here to charge nor to discharge a
Jury, nor to answer the charges of the public --press. I place
myself above their attacks, and when I submit to be tried, it
will be by other jurisdiction than the public Papers. The wit-
ness could only answer for himself, and to ask with respect to
any other was irrelevant:, If Mr. Sheriff' iVaithman wished to
repel any charge which he conceived to be injurious to him, he
might have recourse to the law.
Mr. 'WA: TII re maintained, that the cognizance of such
matter did not militate against the public duties of.an Inquest
like the present. The Jury might be prejudiced by the false
reports to which he alluded. He believed the present Juxy was
a very honest one.
The COP.ONER—I hope the Jury do not read the Newspa-
pers on this subject. , Indeed I have my doubts as to the pro-
priety of its going. forward to the public in the progress of the
inquiry. lam not sure that the Gentlemen of the Press ought
to be in this room, because I think this Court partakes of the
nature of a Grand Jury, and they would not permit it.
Mr. WarrHataer.—This is a public Court.
The CORONEn—Ves, but not for the purpose of conferring
on it the additional task of announcing all that the papers choose
to say. -
Mr. WAITIIMAN said, he did not wish to prolong the dis-
cussion, and he would therefore merely ask if the witness knew
of any concerted plan for blocking up the public avenues on the
day in question.
Witness—,No ;. I know nothing about it.
Coa.oa-E it—Now you have got as much as you can.
Mr. Warritmaar—As much as I want.
Elizabeth Parker lives in Stingo-lane, Marylebone, and is a.
widow ; saw the procession from the steps of the house at the
corner of Cumberland-street, in Oxford-street; was there when
the gates were first shut against the Queen coming through ;
cannot say who shut the gates—it was not the soldiers, but
the people collected about them. The first thing she saw
through the mob of people before her was the Queen coming
through the gates. She saw the soldiers waving their naked
swords opposite the Park gates betbre that; saw this before the
procession came through ; did not see them strike any one with
their swords before the procession came through. Her idea was
that they were riding about to stop the procession. The Ox-
ford Blues were the only soldiers she saw come out of the Park;
saw no stones thrown at that time. When the hearse came
through the people turned the horses' heads downOxfordtreet
towards St. Giles'e, and the soldiers (the Life Guards) resisted
them. When the hearse was gone they began to fire ; that was
when the hearse Was turned out of her sight—she then heard 1
the report of guns ; saw no stones thrown till after the person
was shot ; did not see any one fire—she stood looking over 1
the left shoulder of the deceased all the time—he might have
died in her arms if she had had spirit enough to hold him; he
stood on the first step and she stood on the second above him.
He fell against her, and she cried out " Oh ! that man is, shot."
He tried to catch the railings with his left hand to save his fall-
ing; she saw no one tire; her agitation was so great she'could not
say if there was a horse soldier within seven or eight yards ;
she saw the blood flow from his breast, but did not go to the
Doctor with him. His face was to the street, and she looked
over his shoulders ; she did not see the soldiers at that time rid-
ing betwixt the Park-gates and Park-lane.
Mr. WArmaiaar—Was the man throwing stones, or any
one near him ?

Witness--No, he was not.
In answer to a Juryman—Thinks it was the first shot that
was fired, but her agitation was so great that she could not re-
mark.

To another Juryman—She knew that the gates were shut to
prevent the procession coming through, because the people
cried out" shut the gat.!---the city." The deceased cried, " the
City, the City, the i;tty," putting his umbrella between his
legs, and clapping his hands as loud as he could, and he said
no•more than for King or Country; she does not know whether
it was a private or an officer that fired • she does not know one
from another tr- never SAW the man before ; his eyes turned up
in his head when his hat was taken off

• In answer to-Min Slieriff WA!•ruMtAN—When she saw the
soldiers, she was for going away, but the deceased said, she was
best where she was—to remain behind him, and she would re-
ceive no harm.

Henry Montague lives at No. 48, Upper Bedford-place,
Russell-square, wnere he is a servant to Mr. Hodson. Met the
procession first at Hammersmith ; went from that place round
by Bayswater to Cumberland-gate ; stood close by the soldiers
stationed outside the gateway, which they were guarding; he
was on horseback amongst the soldiers ; the first thing he saw
was the people coming round the soldiers ; then he saw one of
the officers point his pistol towards Cumberland-street, and
fire, and he heard the cry of -4 murder." This was before the
hearse came through ; several.shots had been tired before that ;
after the man had fired the people began to throw stones ; the
soldiers kept rifting round the gates to disperse the mob, in
which they partially succeeded before the shot was fired ; he
himself received a blow on the head, which nearly stunned him,
from a stone, which induced him to get away as fast as he could;
does not know the Officer ; he was a young thin man mounted
on a brown horse, with a short tail. Previous to this the people
had cried out, "The City, the City, the City ;" the soldiers
made a clear ring, and then the officer turned his horse and fired,
and then he (Witness) was hit with a stone ; he saw the officer
afterwards, but the stones were coming so thick that he could
scarcely take notice of him, and was afraid to go near the place;
he was near the Park-wall in the road when he fired, near the
Parkgate.; the soldiers had made a clear ring about them, with
the exception of himself and a few others. Saw the soldiers
cut at the people through the gates.
In answer to Mr. Sherif? WAITHMAN—Did ngt hear the of-
ficer say any thing—but the mob said, as he rode along_.“ This
is he who snot the man," at which he gave a Significant nod of
the head, as though he were proud of it.
To a Juryman—Thinks he would know the officer again, if
he saw him in regimentals ; did not hear the riot act read ; did
not see the man fall; but saw a crowd round him.
To Mr. Sheriff WArriEvraN—Did not see Et stone thrown
from the place where the man fell, before he fell ; but saw them
afterwards ; they came then from nearly the middle of the road.
The first time the mob shut the gates there were only a dozen ;
the second time there were a great many more ; they attempted
several times to shut, but succeeded only twice; no violence
was offered to him personally, further than the soldiers waving
their swords, and telling him to get out of the way. If the
people had not retired rapidly, they would have been cut by the
swords.

Joseph Ridout lives at No 3, Little Surrey-street, Black-
. friars-road :is a glazic-r; attended the procession, and joined
it first at Hammtrsmith ; was present with it at the toll-bar,
where the soldiers joined it, the Life Guards ; he was behind the
procession, and does not know what passed then, further`than
that there was some confusion ; was with the procession when
it went as far'as Park-lane, in Piccadilly ; did not go through
the Park farther than the Stanhope Gate ; when he got to the
end of Park-lane, saw the hearse pass through Cumberland
Gate, with a mourning coach before ; he was then stand-
ing nearly opposite the gate s saw the soldiers there at that
time. The first thing he observed was the deceased fall ; saw
ncthing before that, though he was a near spectator. Saw no
violence passing betwixt the people and the 'soldiers before than
shot; did not hear the shot; heard a number of shots after that,
but none before. On the side where he was, things were very
quiet before that. After the shot was fired he had enough to
do to look after the man : thought of nothing else. Saw no
stones thrown at all. After he had attended to the man, went
down Cumberland-street, and did not go back there again.—.
Does not know who fired the shot, and did not know the Man
before. The man was doing nothing before he was shot ; did
not see the person who fired.

In answn to a .T.:ryman—Heard twenty, thirty, or forty
shots fired in all. Did not notice whether there was -one or ten

shots fired at the same tithe as the one by which the man was
killed.

The Foreman here addressed the Coroner, previous to the
Jury adjourning, on the subject of an observation he had made
at the last sitting, as to the propriety of the troops being drawn
up, to be inspected by.the witnesses. He had prepared a mo-
tion to that abet, which he thought there would be no impro-
priety in laying before the jury.
Some discussion arose as to the fonn of carrying the motion
into effoet.

Mr. Sheriff WAITHMAN observed, that the requ est that the
Coroner should use his influence in the matter, would come with
propriety through the Jury. The Coroner would knowwhat
was the best quarter to apuly to, and he thought there could be
no doubt on the question itself. The Jury; if not liatisti:ll with
the evidence before them, were at liberty to call for other in-
formation. He (Mr. 11,'.) made the request, in justice to the re-
lations of the deceased.

The CORONER—There is a Gentleman here who represents
the Life Guards.

Mr. lIANsoN said he thought the Jury were premature in
making such a request. After they should have heard some of
his evidence,
.they would be convinced it would not be necessary.
Mr. Sheriff-Warr inNtax said, that if they were to act upon
this assurance, the witnesses would stiffer great inconvenience
in having to wait till the evidence of that gentleman should be
commenced.

Mr. HANSOM—I am ready to go on, if Mr. Sheriff Waith.
man has done.
Mr. WAITIIMAN said he did not know when he should end.
'From the nun,ber of persons who had tendered" him their evi-
dence, he had no doubt he could bring 150 witnesses.
After some furthef conversation amongst the Jury, the fol-
lowing request to the Coroner was agreed to :
" We, the Undersigned, being Jurymen sitting on the kn-
4quisi ti on assembled to determine from what cause Richard'
Honey came by his death, respectfully -reqttest 11r. Stifling,
the Coroner, to make :Indication to the proper Authorities, in
order that the troop of Life Guards or that part of it which at-
tended du the occasion of the Queen's funeral, be drawn up in
the same dresses and on the same horses that they used on that
day, the 14th of August, 1821, in order that the several tvitacses
may have an opportunity to identify the individual who slit
tha,cleceased."

The Inquest was then adjourned to two o'clock
precisely on Monday.

CORONER'S INQUEST ON THE BODY OF GEO.

FRANCIS.

Yesterday an Inquest was taken before Mr.
thoos, Deputy Coroner for Westminster, at the
Triumphant Chariot, G rosvenor-mew s,G rosvenor-
place, on a view of the body of George Francis,
who was• unfortunately shot during the distur-
bance which happened on Tuesday last at Cum-
berland-gate, Hyde Park.—The Jury were call-
ed over four o'clock. Mr. Massey was chosen
foreman,. and the Jury were sworn in the usual,
wanner.—Two professional gentlemen gave notice
to the Coroner that they attended, one of them
,(Nr. Butler, an assistant of Mr. Harmer's) on
the part of the deceased's relatives, the other on
the part of the Ist Life Guards.--The Coroner
expressed a hope that they had arranged as to
the evidence they would produce.—Mr. Butler
assented.—The gentleman on behalf of the Life
Guards stated that he was not prepared with any
evidence that day.
The CoaoNEtt----,lt is not likely that we shall
get through the case to-day. The first thing is
to view the body.
The Coroner, the Jury, and others, then pro-
ceeded to view the body.—The wound was on
the right side of the breast, just below the shoul•
der : the neck was much discoloured. The body
had been opened, and had been sewed up again.
In consequence of the smallness of the room at
the Triumphant Chariot, the Jury adjourned to
the Goat Inn, Pimlico.

First Witness—James Burton, No. G, Lisson-
place, Mary-le-bone, carpenter, was then called
and sworn. He was not acquainted with the
deceased. He saw the deceased shot on Tuesday
morning, near, as he thought, twelve o'clock at
noon ; he was standing by the deceased on the
foot pavement near to Hyde Park wall, .near
Tyburn turnpike, almost close to it. The de-
ceased was within a yard of him ; he would not
say too near ; deceased was also on the foot
pavement ; he had no one with him ; he had
neither stick nor stone that witness could per-
ceive ; he was quietly looking on ; there was a
great many people near, but few on the causeway
where deceased and witness stood.—Q. What
happened I—A. His death happened, and I feared
for mine.—Witness saw the young man, he knew
not whether Officer or soldier, who shot the de-
ceased ; he was on horseback. Witness did not
know exactly how far off the young man was ;
he was in the crowd ; he was dressed as a soldier ;
whether an Officer or private soldier he could
not say; he did not understand them. Witness
did not know whether he should know him again ;
perhaps he might. Witness saw him fire ; it was
all in confusion ; he could not say that he took
direct aim or not.

Was he a Life Guardsman of an Oxford
Blue ?—lie was not a Blue ; he was dressed as
a Life Guardsman ; witness was glad to get away
as fast as he could; witness did not see a single
stone or brickbat thrown before the deceased
dropped; many afterwards; he did not know
where they came from ; it was a minute after-
wards; he saw the young man fire and the de-
ceased fall ; the pistol was pointed towards the
deceased ; witness left' the crowd as fast as pos-
sible. No tumult had taken place nor stone had
been thrown from that quarter where witness
and deceased stood. lie saw several soldiers,
but only one fire at the time the deceased fell ;
did not hear the Riot Act read, nor did he be-
lieve it was. Before the shot was fired, they
had no order to disperse from the troops or Ma-
gistrate. Saw no assault made -upon the man
who fired the pistol ; witness had not been two
minutes in the crowd before the man was shot ;
did not see any stones or brickbats till after the
firing ; he then saw many stones and brickbats
thrown out.of the Park ; but he did not see the
persons who threw them; none were thrown
from the place where witness stood.
Which way were the horses turned at the
time ?—Towards Tyburn-gate ; the soldiers were
standing between Tyburn-gate and the Edg-
ware;•road ; he saw the Oxford Blues behave
well; they never troubled themselves with any
body.

Second Witness.—James Pilkinton, No. 19,
Gray's-buildings, Manchester-square, bricklayer,
sworn.—Did not know the deceased ; he was
standing at the Park gate on Tuesday last ; be
had. been waiting there for some hours ; it was
perhaps about 12 o'clock; be was near Tyburn
Turnpike-gate. The Guards came galloping up
the road from Cumberland-gate to the Edgware-
road to take away some boards which a mob had
put there ; they drew their swords or scabbards
and flourished them over their heads, and drove
the people back. The witness got up upo❑ the

small curb of the railings, and then ran away to
cross over -towards the Turnpike-gate ; the de-
ceased was close to him ; he then observed the
soldiers running to and fro; there was firing ; the
man was shot ; he saw the deCeased fall ; he
touched him ; he saw no stones thrown from
where he was. He saw no stones thrown before
the shots were fired ; deceased was. carried to
the Toll-house ; a shutter was got from a coach-
maker's, and the deceased was carried across the
Park to St. George's Hospital. Ile could not
tell who shot the deceased. Ile had got in the
corner where he was, because he thought it was
peaceable. lle heard nothing of the Riot Act
read, nor did he hear it said that it was read.
Every thing was peaceable where he stood till
the soldiers came up. The soldiers then drew
the scabbards or swords ; he could not say which.
Several of the Jurymen wished the witness to
state whethsr it was swords or scabbards that
were wielded by the soldiers in driving away the
people. He said he was so confused that he did
not observe whether it was swords or scabbards.
A dragoon's sword, with the iron scabbard, was
produced, that the witness might explain whe-
ther it was the swords or the scabbards that he
had seen. The Jurymen seemed satisfied that
it was the swords. Tlva witness said he was sa-
tisfied it must have been the swords, because they
had handles to,them.
Third Witness.—Mr. French, No. 11, Fisher-
street, Red, Lion-squa're,'swOrn.—l was in a
house opposite'theScOse of action, on Tuesday,
abdat half past eleven or twelve, near Tyburn
Turnpike, the very end of Oxford-street ; I was
sitting in the parlour; I was invited to the win-
dow to see the funeral ; I saw it come, I can
hardly say with exactness, either through the
Park or round the Park—it stopped opposite
the house I was in. The first thing that attract-
ed my notice was a person, I imagined him to be
an officer from his dress, riding, sword drawn,
after a man, making several ineffectual blows
et him. The man, who was on foot, eluded
the blows with great dexterity. This was
previous to any confusion or tumult on the part
of the multitude ; the blows missed the man,
each blow was sufficient to have severed his head
from his body. The man escaped, and mingled
with the crowd ; I lost sight of the horseman,
nor was I able to ascertain exactly whether he
was an officer or no. That scene terminated ;
soon after there was a violent cry of shame,
shame ; I do not know whether it alluded to
what I had seen or not ; I saw all eyes directed
towards the Edgeware-road. There seemed to
be an obstruction there, but from the situation
in which I was, it was impossible to see. There
was then a violent cry from all quarters of shame,
shame ; on which I saw the soldiers extremely in-
dignant and very passionate; those in front of the
window where I was, threatened with sword and
pistol every person who cried shame, especially
some who ss ere cooped up in front of the house.
Whenever the people cried shame, there was a
threat, by motion of the sword, followed it. About
this time a person on horseback, with a staff;
a stout man, who appeared to belong to the pro-
cession, cause up apparently to expostulate with
the soldiers ; I judge by his action, without
hearing what he said. The soldiers threatened
him with their swords; he shook his head and

went off. There was a soldier pointed a pistol
at a man in front of the house who seemed par-
ticularly harmless, and was at a loss what to do
to obey the order; he seemed at a loss whether

to go to the right or the left ; in consequence of
this, as the pistol was directed towards the win-
dow, and must have shot me if it had missed the
man, it was directed at, I went to the top of the
house ; I saw, before I went up, the soldiers
loading pistols; when I got to the top of the
house, the first thing I remarked was, the dis-
charge of a pistol ; a servant near me said a man
was shot, and pointed to him, but I could not,
in the crowd, distinguish the man That had fallen ;
I saw him afterwards borne away on shoulders,
and I recognised him as a man who lived in my
street, but I did not know his name ; when I
saw the soldiers loading their pistols, I could
not be positive that I saw them with ball,

they , were ramming down something; I saw
no assault on the military ; the cries were tre-
mendous, but no attack was made on the soldiery,
quite the contrary ; I heard no Riot Act read

I
cannot say that I saw a pistol particularly di-
rected towards the place ; after I was on the top
of the house, as many as ten pistols were fired
after the first pistol was fired there was com-
parative quiet. Then to my utter astonishment
pistols were discharged, pistol after pistol in
succession; from the first to the last I saw no
resistance ; some of the pistols were fired off
after a solemn pause, as if in remembrance, as it
appeared to him, of something that had happened
during the confusion ; there was no visible or
audible cause at the time ; I have nothing more
to state ; that was the whole of the scene ; I did
not see a single stone thrown at all ; I state it o❑
my oath in the most sacred, solemn manner ;
there was nothing in the way of violence or at-
tack that I witnessed, except the cry of shame !
shame! to what that applied I did not know.
The deposition was read over to the witness.—
He said he would swear to the person of the
horseman who followed the man, cutting at him ;
he cut very violently at the man, so that one
blow would have severed his head. He should
be able to speak to the person of the horseman,
who was, a military man ; hut whether he was
an Officer or no, he could not positively say, nor
con►,d he speak to the particular dress he had
on ; it was red, and the soldiers who were firing
were in red ; both were Life Guards; that he
could take on himself to swear.
The witness was asked as to the Riot Act,
whether he had heard it read, or seen a Magis-
trate with a paper in his hand, as if reading it?—
The witness said he had not. If the Riot Act
had been read while he was in the room below,
it must have been read in front of the window
for him to have seen or heard it. But when he

was above he had a commanding view, and could
state that it was .not then read. He repeated,
that many of the pistols were discharged after
the people had been completely appalled. Dur.
ing a general scene.of stillness and horror after
_ _

tli-e'fltst shot, there was pistol fired after pistol

. •
at the People at intervals by the soldiers.
answer to a question by the coroner, he said
that whether the pistols were awed at people or
no, he could not observe.
The. Solicitor for the Guards asked how long
witness was going from the lower part of the
house to the top ?—Witness said; as fist as a good
pair of legs could carry him ; he went up as fast
as possible.
The witness stated that the deceased, when he
saw him borne a way, had 1)n-a dirty fustian dress ;
he should be able to know him. He thoughtalso
he could point out the soldier who was taking'
aim at a man before the window.
The Coroner wished the witness to go to the
Hospital to recognise the body. The witness
then went with an officer accordingly.
Fourth Witness.—Robert Walker, House.
Surgeon to St. George's Hospital, sworn.—The
deceased was brought into the Hospital about half
past one on Tuesday last ; he was perfectly sen-
sible
; was put to bed after being examined
He was shot through the right shoulder; it
appeared to be a gun shot ; he was bled ; his was'-
considered a hopeless case ; the man himself
thought so; the Chaplain said he had told him
so ; he remained in the same state the whole
night without getting better or worse, but re- .
mained sensible until two hours before death, .
which took place at twenty minutes after eight;
deceased died from suffocation ; When. he exa- ,
mined the case, thought it hopeless ; deceased
made no statement to witness ; his death was
occasioned by the shot ; the ball passed directly
through the body; could not tell whether a pistol
or a gun ball ; the ball was taken out at the
left shoulder ; it passed through the lungs ; that
ball was the cause of his death; three of his ribs
were broken on each side ; the ball, passed
through the spine; supposed the person who fired . •
was rather on a level with the deceased, although
•he might be above !din.
The Rev. Mr. Hughes, the Chaplain of St.
George's ,—Had a conversation with the decvls.•
ed for the first time at two o'clock on Tuesday-
fie asked him his name, business, and place of
residence; he told him he was a journeyman
bricklayer.
Mr.FaExcn returned from the hospital, having
examined the deceased, si'd he should recognise
him among a million, as the person carried Von
the shoulders of the people on Tuesday, and
whom he had frequently seen before.
Witness resumed.—Deceased said he resid'd •
at Kingsgate-street, Holborn, and that he had a'
wife and family. He said "he wished his wife to
be sent for, as he considered himself a dying ma"•
Witness then directed a person to go for the wile'
Nothing particular then occurred; but witness en',
deavoured to console him'as his spirits droop.eu
very much ; returned to him at 6 o'clock, and found
his wife with him ; read prayers to him, asking
whether he had any malice or ill will against anY
man ? He answered in the negative, saying, thet
he bore no ill will : for he considered ~he 10').
shot him had done nothing more than his duty, ;
for, if a soldier, he was only acting in I's
own defence. He considered him dying. W
fit-
ness asked him whether he threw any thing 'at
the soldiers 2 and he said, no, not at all. But he
•
stated that he had been in the crowd ; he we's
the however a little retired froth the crowd at -
time he was shot ; he was then on the PR'e-
meat. fitness said he was not aware of hay;
ing heard any thing further from the deceased
in the way of evidence. He had had Well
conversation with the deceased ; the wife of t. 10%
deceased was present at the time ; she was abott
the bed 7 sobbing • he believed that she heard the,
n
greater part of the conversation ; the deceased
did not describe the person by whom he was
shot, to be a Life Guardsman ; but he had no
doubt that the deceased thought him to be so, as
he had heard so much talk about the Life Guards'
when he spoke of self-defence, he said that brick-
bats were flung at the soldiery. A JUROR asked, whether the deceased said whoever snot
?nn
him was doing his duty ; did he know who that mat' srassd
The witness replied, that his evidence was, that the des' tba,
said to him when he considered himself in a dying
Gs
whoever shot him was doing his duty, for as a soldier It
never
said, •
evidently acting in his sell-defence. The deceased had
said, that he had thrown any stones or brickbats at the soldle_Vt,,
A JUROR observed, that the witness-had• said, that theevga'ai
of the deceased was present at the conversation _which 11 man
mentioned, in which he deposed that the deceased said aniLntii
who shot hint vas doing his duty, and if a soldier, ev son-
acting in self-defence. Now if the wife should be broughnum
ward, anti that she contra dieted the words of the witness, ruto,
the witness say that she'svas perjured ? Witness but,
he could not swear to the precise words of the decease'', •
only to the substance of what he said.
ted to
Mr. PHILIPS, the advocate for the Prostcution objet
~ed in
the acceptation of 'the dying declaration of the 'don,. that
evidence, unless his precise words were quoted ; and r tnsis••
objection he quoted tile authority of Philips on the Ls"'
dence. But after a short observation from Mr. 11301-' this,
maintained that the objection was not applicah,le. tlPrfaS"' case; it was overruled, and the evidence of the Rev. trell v;I:s
as to the substance of the dying declaration of the deCeas-
allowed to stand.
,ce's • Sixth Witness—Mary Francis, the wife of the deceav !os
next examined.—Shedeposed, that her husband left lanne,,!";,o.
ten o'clock on Tuesday morning in excellent health. "%band .
about 43 years of as re.
, The next time she saw her hu.
afterwards, was in St. George's Hospital.; it was about 7
o'clock in the day ; she was sent for and found him in bed the ,e,;
statt.ne
there was some conversation between them at the time, isnto,,,
did not say that he did not expect to ; and said that he'd"
.the mob flinging brickbats at the soldiers. s of
Here 111 r. *Hanson interposed, and was called upon b)r!ttse
the Jury to state upon wnat authority he interfered ',.fir read
proceedings. Mr. H. produced his authority, which was aAn
by the Coroner and by the Foreman of the Jury. It-
authority, we understood, from Colonel Cavendish, of tile
Guards, which was deemed satisfactory.
it si"
Witness resumed—She Was with her husband o°l., rii
o'clock on Tuesday, when the minister was there. She "Volt
-conversation between thorn,
but her mind was so agitateus,`l
she could not say what the whole of it was. The minister v
her husband whether he had been. at the gate making %ina
/-e
before he was shot; to which her , husband replied,
was as innocent as the boy who then stood before. theroVic
minister enjoining him to speak the truth, asked him
he bore ill will or malice to any one, and her bushls re
tAv
swered in the negative. She could not' say that her
.I's
said any thing else ; but he did not 'say that the solder
doing their duty when they shot him ; she must lu!s;e1. b
that bs.
him if he did say so to the Minister ; her husband said e tol's
did not know wao shot him. She was asked whether "e
band had used these words, that " whoever shot him
his duty, for if a soldier, he was evidently acting in
defence,"- she declared that he did not ; but she reirld Ire
that the Minister said her husband made no answer ; he „ of
assent to what the Minister so said, or mention the harn.'", ern°
soldiers at all. Here the poor woman manifested suc4,stiorl'
tions affected the whole Court ; throughout her exam'"
indeed, she was suffused in tears.
,s the
A JURYMAN, expressing his reluctance to prolneLt, of al,
urination of Mrs. Francis.
_especial] in her present sincistatt.
diction, begged to ask whether the Jury
that, after -the deceased disclaimed to the Minister snot
malice against any one, the declaration that " whhtviefs osvo de-
was doifig his duty, for if a soldier he was acting in " 5eP141:,.. '
were not to 0i1i...,„411
fence," were words which he never used.
in the affirmative, and was then ishout to withdraw,,.,;s'reksPe
Hanson was observed to put a paps!: into her Lana.

. . •
• " which
ar
tl Geantain ed kr. H.'s address, being handed to Mr. Philips,
al entlernan asked for what impose it was given ? . toil r* }!axsoes exclaimed, that he felt indignant at the ques-
un,e, as ne did not put hisaddress into the hand of the witness
2441 her evidence was gone through ; and as his only object was,
for nientioned to her, that if a subscription were set on foot
rait.er, he should be ready, when called upon, to contribute his
below This he did because he understood from a Gentleman
the stairs, that it was intended to institute a subscription for
°tar w°rltalt•
need of the Jury observed, that the Learned Gentleman
ill
4re: an communication with Mrs. Francis, at his own house,
subs„,4er„to indulge his beneficence, as he might easily send his
.A4Oll to her by the Two-penny Post.
Dulaoher JURYMkN asked why the Learned Gentleman
~,, . . . .
was so..ait until a subscription was set on foot, and u.ntil.h
at 0nCe7411.9 called upon for his mite, instead of contributing
• se, Ithe relief of this poor forlorn woman ?
atreet ee:lt" Witness—amuel Hill, of Gray's-yard, James-
that); eranchester-square, constable of Mary-le-bone, deposed,
ittiratie osefZa a little way from the Toll-house, Tyburn, at the
firing of the soldiers on Tuesday last ; he was ther
he from:t he commencement to the conclusion of the firing;
v__ behind the Toll-house for safety; on hearing a man
(iolistiot he ran
out to give assistance ; when he g.ot into the
to a --louse he saw a man badly shot, and he immediately went to c eftch-roaker's hard by, for the purpose of getting a board
atir,°!wcY shim to an hospital ; he observed a great deal of firing
SetSita rhe soldiers, as he thought in the air ; they were firing
Vsesst' cortridgee from pistols ; he heard the bullets whistle ; did
ee the soldiers firing at any person, nor the crowd doin
ISe A's' iSritate the soldiers : the crowd were very quiet wherete
oolthers'lene slid not see the people fling any thing before h
A j
so d.
if he t Itystaer asked why the witness got behind the toll house
ierie kw the soldiers firing in the air?—Witness replied that lie
Ili ellf hirnself there forsafety, for although he did see the sol-
siS!ta ll•ttg in th a d not know that they might not
e, ge their minds al put him in danger. He saw the sol-
Pilt:.ring in Oxford-street before the firing near Tyburn turn-
•, at the time he saw the deceased shot there were nearly
pc 1t
about; he never heard the Riot Act read.; did not
Lse -r Hobert Baker in Oxford-stredt ; Sir Robert might have
'iktis'ers- without ciis seeing him.
henteth Witness —W. Brimniington, of 10, Queen-street,
-ssesitr
Qve,
at 1 Mariner, deposed, that on Tuesday morning last he
ttees.trandenburgh-liouse, from which he accompanied the
cessa s funeral procession to Tyburn turnpike, where. the dc-
sepr funeral
as murdered. Witness being checked for using this
sta, e,t3'on, corrected himself by saying, " where the deceased
sate:'Sets by which shot he met his death." He was near the
*list,. -6' containing the crown and cushion, in Hyde Park,
%re' he saw the Horse Guards pass through Cumberland
,pot
,betwscn twelve and one o'clock ; he had never been on that
Ile r
...efore; or, seeing the Horse Guards get through the gate,
he 1,,,,4-0 in order to get thiongh it himself. The Life Guards
raw ,Sant when he spoke of the Horse Guards, for he never
cieva""ee Blues misbehave while the others be more like
the Ns than soldiers. When the Life Guards got through
c:i..e.gate, it
was closed, and they cut at the people on the other
Rate :they cut at them through the iron bars of the gate. The
Iselicwss forced open and two of the Life Guards came into the
left ; °Il Placing himself on the right side, the other on the
the oue of these cut at a man who was actually forced against
sers,Put, and wounded him on _the left side; the blood flowed
seiso4:•Y from the wound, and a Gentleman on. horseback
'lrks(' trated 'with the soldier in so brutally treating an un-
hiss or 'flan observing that it would be more
whoamnly to wound
ferin,ianY'Gentleman'than the poor being was then suf-
th' :.'efbre him. This Gentleman passed through the gate
thas 'eW other Gentlemen ; and the same soldier passed over
112 v e1:1 other side of the gate, where he struck violently. at
!'Peciairersnns near him. Witness remonstrated with him,
lalloese- „Y upon the attack which he had before made upon an
'lther,-,`Jaan,_and the soldier did not cut at him, but lie cut at
4toee ti,''° had hooted at him for his violence. There was a
ate I, 'Lawn at the soldier, which struck witness on the face,
te,e-esesu°re the mark of it. On passing through the gate, wit..
kiss, :our the Life Guardsmen cutting at some persons who
41, seta% sal., d, attempted to turn the hearse down Oxford-
slit th At triis time no brickbats or stones had been thrown ;
Oxford-
ftsrset hear Guardsmen were hooted for their violence. Here
fr9lll. th eard &ink Some brick-bats and stones were flung
bet ,1 e Bark, e heard no order from any officer to fire.
Place tfl'ear the Riot Act read. All that he had stated took.
leto the ore the deceased was shot. A soldier's cap was carried.
hi, r toll-house, to be taken care of, he having fallen ofl the Zs; of which two of the people took care. When
for hen ell was shot there was only one person standing
uess..", and both were perfectly unolfentlinee Witness
st I,ll' he could recognize the soldier who shot ale deceased,
(irate. ittbenedsolcher who behaved so cruelly at Cumberland-
ta
ecea,ses , savoured to lay hold of the soldier who shot the
arder ' vi"° oPpeared ro him to have been most wantonly
there , d, but he failed: This soldier he saw take a direct aim at a
as'ewas,,,ed• All the soldiers, indeed, whom he saw fire took
rhrtil'a \vs I dbe obvious to any one acquainted with the use of
'`'eir pistols,l°"v theni, from the manner in which they levelled
cri Tuesc
v He did not believe the Riot Act was at all read
ea" arld he accompanied the procession throughout.
If er th
toore With COURT, understanding that several
farth ''''esses were to be examined, adjourned
(lab er Proceedings until three o'clock on Mon-
t' next The
4qer • adjournment took place at ha'
tea o'clock.
4tv.

~,it!,,yria, Augus,t;l9l:.e_ENl3Di OMADARY. _-
nth Sunday after Trinity.—Sun rises
4.,,e7
,I after
`",.,itzlAynt. 4_w___to.s_ at
tl 10 m. after 7.—Moon rises 9 in.
litiioo4 t
.I:44:un Twilight
atas lasts 2h. 21 tn.
M. after 4
; sets 9 m. after 7.
7"IpAY3cIt Quarter at- 6 h. 6
VP 1U• at ft."l*--D. Cla 49 m. morn.
tts.
.„ 7......14 rence b.--Sun rises 53 rn. after 4 • sets
00,11_ rises 25 ra. after 10. '
1,4-1q:8-1)alt 22 in rises 55 m. after 4 ; sets 5 in. after 7.
,ti.._ s rises 26 .-
/t;',lt I) Ay 2,. In. after li.
ii."'it I' 9 "•."'""Siln rises 7 ID. after 4 ; sets 3 m after '
E 'ts 1 -4*--Saitit 13 1
~,, art iolornirw --Sun rises. S 1 in.. after 41;*
4,,,, rc.. afterTiviiiiibßl.r 20....... 7.—Moon rises 39 in. after midnight.
t last. 3 2
h.
12.mt,e.s 1 in. after 5 ; sets 59 tn. after G.--

PRICE 01
a tpezet TIIIS DAY AT TV
''Perrlt Red... ;pt etIL e0n......
tkb, CeriL .......... -7Gii
e'er e0n................ 95k
allk LI" 'NavY Atm. 108 k 10U t Ann. 19t, ohs

tt-t I-
4trlin 'ITER AT I
4C)NDO.
"unute3 after 6.

F STOCKS
•VELVE O'CLOCK.
India Bonds 595. 60s.
, GM Annuities 76i
New Annuities 75-
Excheq. Bills 5 6 4 pr.
Cans. for Account 76. f

N BRIDGE TO-MORROW,
I Evening, 20 minutes after C.

SUN.

804"
Qtris
AC/DE.4T"
DICERE

- -
S ^r, r LONDON,
-141.4 y AUGUST 18, 1821.

7'he utei ' ------------ .
-
tl:
nals o 'Settee contained in the Paris Jour-
f I,
this 14esday and Wednesday) which arrived
411111 g) continues to bear a warlike cha-
-41(
racte bot is
itolv I not decisive of the great question
t(Lse,Peilding - between Russia and Turkey,
and
"vulch threatens to -disturb the tranquillitj
% all Europe.
An article from Vienna of the
4th ,
sa3s, that Lord WALpor.E has frequent con-
f
Il er e
..Ces with the Prince DE *METTERNICH, the
at ne
of which has not transpired, but several
Illessengers had from time to time been dispatch-
t'lenby his
li Lordship to the British Govern-
has t. It is subsequently stated. that the
Porte
accepted the mediation of England ; and
411 article from
bons a r , Augsburg 'of the. 9th men-
eport current
at Leghorn, which
secret we con-
e to be totally unfounded, that the English
lirqly protecting the Turks.
tw
appears to be founded
on The report
o vesselsintelligence brought by
:1 .L
Issolongi and which arrived at
ithorn, one from
the other from iante, stating that
i 440 Turkish vessels) laden with provisions and I

military stores, which were blockaded by a Greek
squadron, were relieved by some. English ships,
under the protection of which the Turks pro-
ceeded to Zante, there took in water and pro-
visions, and afterwards sailed from that port to
Patras, where they were left udder the protection
of the batteries.

A special Messenger from Petersbtirgh arrived
at Vienna on the 2d instant, with dispatches for
tl►e Austrian Government, which are belieVed to
be very important, as on the following morning a
Cabinet Council of Ministers was held at the re-
sidence of the Prince de METTERNICH. The ge-
neral opinion is, that hostilities against Turkey
will commence without delay, and the Manifesto
of the Emperor of Itussri was expected to ap-
pear in a few days. The negoziations between
the Great Powers are still very actively carried
on; and it is strongly rumoured, that a new Con-
gress will assemble either at Vienna or Petersburg.
the beginning of next month, for the purpose of
settling the affairs of Turkey. The Ministers
of the five great powers are to attend, and it is
thought the PORTE will be invited to send thither
also a Minister. 'The article which communi-
cates this rumour, speaks in very laudatory terms
of the declaration, transmitted by the Emperor
ALEXANDER to the PORTE, and of the pacific
intentions of his Imperial MAJESTY, and his de-
termination not to interfere in the internal affairs
of Turkey ; and states that the declaration merely
demands the execution of the treaties of 1774,1792,
and 1812, and insists that the fate of the Greeks
shall be fixed on a final basis, and that an end
shall be putt to their persecutions and sufferings.
It was conjectured the PORTE would receive this
declaration on the 12th of July, but accounts
from Constantinople of the next day's date men-
tion that the dispatches which would contain this
declaration had not yet arrived, and were not
expected till the 16th or 17th. The Russian
Ambassador, the Baron de STnouoNoFF, still
re-
mained in the same position, a close prisoner in
his Hotel at Buyukdere, but was not ill-treated.
The preparations on the part of the Ottoman
Government to meet the impending storm are
continued with great activity; and, like its more
powerful Northern opponent the Porte, does not
seem to rely alone on the force of arms, but to
resort to negociations with' various Powers, and
to the arts of intrigue in fomenting dissentious
and insurrections in the enemy's dominions. It
was reported at Paris, we know not on what au-
thority, that about thirty of the heads of the
ancient Polish oligarchy had repaired to Cot

stantinople to intreat the assistance of the SULTAN
in their plan to restore the former Government
of Poland. It appears to be well understood by
the Turkish Government that neither the Pacha
of Egypt nor the Barbary States will render the
Porte any effectual aid.
We learn from Frankfort that Professor KRUG,
of Leipsic, has published an address to his Ger-

man fellow-countrymen, in which he calls upon
them to form associations, and raise subscriptions

o assist the German youth who may be disposed

to take part in the contest for the liberation of
Greece from the Turkish yoke, and also to afford
aid to those Greek families, who may, in this war-
fare, be depiived of their means of support. This
addresses followed by a declaration of the Baron de
DALBERG,stating his readiness to join those who are
animated by the noble desire of proceeding to
Greece. He requests the Baron DE GAGERN to
open a subscription in order to raise the necessary
sums to enable the corps to repair to Greece by
the way of Trieste, and also to use his influence
with the Grand Duke of HEssE, to permit the
volunteers to assemble at Offenbach, and to ob-
tain a free passage for them through Bavaria and
Austria.

Prince ALEXANDER YPSILANTI is journeying to
oin the Greeks in the Morea. We subjoin the

following impassioned and indignant Proclama-
tion, addressed to his troops in Wallachia and
Moldavia on surrendering the hopes of his enter-

ptize, and finally parting from those whose
treachery and cowardice had rendered them

useless to,him, and fatal to their country:--

" Soldiers !—No ; 1 shall sully that honourable and sacred
name by applying it to beings like you. Ye herd of dastardly

and cruel men, your treachery, your perjury, force me to aban-

don you. In future every tie is broken between us ; but I
shall always deeply feel the shame of having been you: chief.
You have trampled under foot your oathi ; you have betrayed

Ood and your country. You betrayed me at a time when I
hoped to conquer or to die gloriously at your head. We are

now separated for ever. Go and join the Turks, who are alone

worthy of your friendship. Steal out of the woods where you

lave concealed yourselves—descend from the mountains which

you have chosen as the retreat of your cowardice. Hasten to

join the Turks : kiss those hands which still reck with the

blood of the heads of your church, your patriarchs, your arch-
priiests, and your innocentbrethren whomtheyhave so inhumanly

butchered. Yes ; run to purchase slavery with the price of your

blood—with the sacrifice of the honour of your wives and chil-
dren. But you, images of the true Greeks, of the sacred bat-
talion, who have been betrayed and sacrificed for the deliverance
of your country, receive from me the thanks of your people.
Monuments will soon render your names immortal. The names

of those friends who have remained faithful ever to me are en,
graved on my heart in characters of fire. Their memory shall be
the only consolation of my soul. 1 abandon to the contempt
of men, the justice of Providence, and the malediction of
their countrymen, those perjured traitors, Kaminari Sabas,
Dukos, Constantinos, Basilius Barlas, Giorgius Manos, who
have deserted from the Army, and who have been the first
Authors of its dissolution ; the Phanariote Gregorius Sutto, the
Phanariote and rascal Nicolaus Skufo. I also erase from the
list of my companions in arms Basilius Karebies, on account of
his indiscipline and improper conduct.
" ALEXANDER YPSILANTI.

" Rimnick, June 20."

PrinceDEmETmus, the youngest of the brothers
of YPSILANTI, is arrived at the camp of the
Greeks near Tripolizza, the capital of the Morea,
according to orders from his brother; and Prince
CANTACUZENA is no* at Calmatta, in the south
of this province.

The intelligence of the Revolution at Rio de
Janeiro is fully Confirmed by a vessel, which
arrived at Havre en the 10th, 'with the ex-
Treasurer of Brazil on board. The hereditary
Prince has been admitted into the Council of
Regency, but the Presidency of it has been con-
fided to another. A'ccording to other accounts the
Prince Regent was about to embark for Lisbon.

FRENCH. FUNDS.
Aug. 13, Five per Cents.
Bank Stock 1540 —c.
Aug.„ 14, Five per Cents.
Bank Stock 1547 f. 50 c.

In our Paper of Monday we shall submit some
facts and observations relative to the intended
reductions in the Civil Departments, highly im-
portant to the parties immediately concerned,
and not destitute of public interest. We are
glad to find that the manner in which we have
treated this well-meant but inefficient proceeding
of the Government, has not only excited a grate-
ful feeling among the Public Officers them-
selves, but has directed the attention of the
Public generally to the measure, and has begun
to have the desirable effect of exciting a degree of
sympathy in favour of the lower classes of Clerks
in particular. We should be glad to' see the whole
Press take up this subject ; and for a moment
forgetting party feuds, advocating warmly the
cause of a meritorious body of men, many of
whom, with their families, are about to be
plunged into a state of utter destitution.

he Coroner's Inquest still goes on, and it
may be noticed as an extraordinary fact, that all
the extraneous questions put to the witnesses—that
is, the questions put by individuals who have no
right to interfere with the proceedings, have a
pointed tendency to produce the impression that
the Mob were not the aggressors, and that when
the firing took place, the rioters, or the persons
wounded, were not within the distance that could
require any opposition on the part of the soldiery.
But it is more extraordinary that when a question
was put on the first day by a .furor, requesting a
witness to give a plain statement whether the sol-
diery or the mob were the aggressors,an Individual
whose interference has taken a Most unprecedent-
ed, if not an unprincipled turn, objected to that
question as irrelevant. It is equally extraordi-
nary that many of the most material questions of
that Individual have been put in the affirmative,
or as broad assertions, to which the witness had
only to answer, YEsl—lf such proceedings are
suffered to pass unnoticed and unrepressed, we
must expect Public Justice to give place to PUBLIC
INJUSTICE, and that we shall soon see the whole-
some formalities of the British Courts yield to
the Septemberizing acts of a neigbouting country.

A Privy Council has been held upon the sub-
ject of the proceedings on Tuesday, when the
procession of her MAJESTY'S body, &c. was ob-
structed. The offence of obstructing the body
of royalty amounts to little less than treason.
Dispatches were sent to his MAJESTY at Dublin,
informing him of the circumstance. MI express
was also sent off to Lord Sidmouth, informing
him of the proceedings which took place in Col-
chesterchurch, when Dr. Lushington, Mr. Wylde,
and others, placed an improper inscription on the
coffin of her Majesty.
Quebec Papers to the 6th ult. state, that his
Excellency Lord DALuousre had issued a Pro-
clamation, dated Quebec, 28th of June, pro-
roguing the meeting of the Colonial Parliament
from the 16th July to the 25th of August.
We have received ,the Royal Gazette of Sierra
Leone to the 26th of May. Sunday, the 18th,
an American armed schooner, which had been
expected for some time, arrived in the harbour of
Free-town. She had been purposely built for
co-operating in the glorious work of annibi,
Latin; the Slave Trade, by pursuing more ef-
fectually such slave-dealers as escaped the
American corvettes by running close to the
shore, and going into small rivers where the
water did not allow the corvettes to approach
them. Shortly after this vessel (which is com-
manded by a Lieutenant of the American navy)
came to anchor, she saluted Fort Thornton with
fourteen guns, and her salute was returned by an
equal number.

Mr. WEB. TER WEDDERBURNE left town, on
Wednesday last, for France, with his Solicitor,
Mr. SxART, of the Temple, in order to appear
to answer personally any process which the
French laws may subject him to for the wounds
given in defending himself from the late attack of
a servant at Boulogne.
The Marchioness Dowager of DOWNSIIIRE, the
Ladies HILL, and the younger branches of the
family have left town for Brussels.
EXTRAORDINARY APPEARANCE.—The Sun,
this morning, particularly when seen from
the northern side of the metropolis, pre-
sented a very singular and beautiful appear-
ance. The atmosphere was hazy, with dark-
grey clouds passing with considerable ra-
pidity. On emerging from these clouds, the
Sun presented itself, to thousands of admiring
spectators, of a deep bright blue lilac colour,
sometimes almost too vivid for the eye to behold
without uneasiness. So singular was the pheno-
menon, that many persons could not believe it
was the Sun which they beheld. By some it was
alleged to he a Balloon,--by others the Moon,
and by not a few, that it wasa profiky, portend•
ing some awful change in the political or natural
worlds !
