LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 19, 1831.

The petition agreed on by the West India
Merchants at their late meeting, is one to whose
prayer it is impossible for the Government to be
indifferent ; for, however desirable and just it
may be deemed to accelerate the extinction of
that odious practice, negro:slavery, it is neverthe-
less fitting that the representations of those
whose property is embarked under the faith of
existing laws should receive a due share of con-
sideration. How far the compensation sought
for by the petitioners is practicable is a very
doubtful matter; but we entirely concur laith
them thus far, that if compensation be found
impracticable, such a cautious and prudent course
should be adopted in respect of the general in-
terests of the Colonies, as may at least afford
time for the gradual transfer of capital and in-
dustry into other channels.

There are many, we are aware, who reproach
with insincerity any one who hesitates to declare
himself for instantaneous emancipation. Well
meaning men work themselves into a zeal ap-
proaching to phrenzy for the abolition of what
they believe, and with reason, to be a scandal to
humanity, and a violation of the duties enjoined by
morality, and inculcated by religion. But in the
midst of their zeal they are apt to overlook this
great principle, that it is never lawful to do evil
that good may come, and they therefore disre-
gard the rights of property, which are part of
the existing order of things. It may be said that
those rights ought to be sacrificed in order to give
to the slaves the blessings of freedom ; but
so it may likewise be argued that the property
of the English Aristocracy ought to be
divided among the people, to the end that the
latter may enjoy a larger portion than they do at
present of the comforts of life. We lament
greatly the unequal distribution of property in
this country, but it does not follow on that ac-
count that we should support a project for con-
fiscating the lands of the Duke of NEWCASTLE.
On the same principle, though we abominate
Negro Slavery, we hold that it cannot be over-
looked that the property of the West India colo-
nists has been confirmed to them by laws that
have been in force for centuries, and that their
interests are as much entitled to protection as
any other species of property in his MAJESTY'S
dominions.

Let it not be supposed that we have any de-
sire to raise impediments in the way of emanci-
pation. GOD knows, the bitter cup of slavery
has endured long enough ! But since, in the
approaching Session the question will be brought
forward—if not in the shape of a Government
measure, with the concurrence, at all events, of
the Government—it would be unreasonable to
suppose that it is to be entertained only in one
point of view. The anti-slavery tide has set in
so strongly that it seems powerful enough to
sweep away all obstructions. The time is there-
fore the more fitting to suggest that moderation
and equal justice ought to be the characteristics
of any measure that may be adopted. The
West Indians have pertinaciously, obstinately,
and perversely, opposed the resolutions of Par-
liament, just as all other classes do when their
interests are affected ; but that is no reason for
treating them unfairly. And how to do them
justice, and yet accomplish the desired end, is
a point perhaps among the most difficult that
have ever presented themselves to a Legislature.

We find by Brussels Papers that no decision
has yet been come to by the National Congress
with respect to a King for Belgium. All is
uncertainty, and apparently embarrassment. Thc
following are extracts :
BRUSSELS.
