meet all the dangers whit!' can occur, anJ WM
with exactness all their obligations. When fame
admirds and publishes the victories (1 our ‘a itat
coutatrymert. over- the invincibles of Marengo; Au.
sterlitz, and Jena, it is not po-siftle that you could
commit the, sharnetl ad of warming yourselves' by
the conflagration of their houses and effects. 'Such
aaions Would fill with horror the virtuous aruties
which are surrounding us for our protection. They
have left their properties to defend outs; they have
abandoned their hearths, and been lavish of their
lives, because. they would not endure the slavery of
our good King, and the death-of the Monarchy;
arid it is through their efforts only that we are free
from a perfidious Enemy who persecuted us. 'We
are not so perfidious .(yoti will answer), that while
they-kse approaching,' covered with glory and the
,Mood of the Enemy, we should forget our obliga-
tions, and occupy ourselves solely in judging arbi-
trarily of the fidelity and con,dnee of our fellow-cotin-
tryinen.' This is 'the language of honour, which
chargterises you : do not forget it. Yes! 'it is the
malevolent, who cover their depreclatiOns, their eon-
flagratiens, and their homicides,
,on such mournful.
occasions, with the pretext of justice, Without re-
fleding, that it is not lawful tof any one to be, of
his own authority, the administrator of justice, The
Supreme Tribunal assures
.you, that if there have
been among us any traitors to their Sovereign and,
their country, it will 'aveitge eheir. crimes, and if
they merit it, east them away, as unworthy 'ot the
natne,of Spaniards. Judge no one, for that renders
you liable to sacrifice manyinnocent. ' Adore divine:
Providence, which has known how to humiliate ire-
an ipstapt the proud, a d which will as little suffer'
to terrain unpunished inci:ndiaries and assassins.
,:
" Worthy .Citizens ! good men L. and true pa-
triots !- Arm yourselves against the iniquity ot those
whO purpose to grow rich with pier property, the:
price of the sweat of your brows. The Council
watches for yoursalety. Lend them aid, and im-
peach those who assume the hike title of neigh-
bours, but are mere vagabonds, who, flying from
before their own. magistrates, conceal their vices
amid the confusion of the capital, Already your
victorious couneyinen are near, cro.vned with lau •
rels, which will not fade in the course of future ages.
All Europe has been surprised at the progress. of their
rapid victories. Arragon, Catatonia, Valencia, An,
dalusie; La Mancha, Estremachlrli,' Mercia, oarthae
gena, Castile, 'Leon, Asturiaa, Santander, and Gal.=
cia, haye shed around them never taxiing glory. Al
ready they have raised numerous armies; already
they have defended the principal points of Spain j
already they have secured the chief maritime ports,
and captured ships and squadrons at Cart hagena
We owe all to God, arid our Lady the Virgin, who
have proteded our cause. Let us, therefore, cast off
our lethargy, and purity our manners, which were
arrived alitiost at the pitch of complete corruption:
Let us acknowledge the calamities w htch the King-
dom and this great Capital have endured, as a. Pun-
ishment necessary for our correction. The- intro,
cent victims, whose blood has steamed, -from their
native soil, have implored forgivetiess for us. The
one immortal and oninipotent God cf,Aripies has
. heard their supplications, and is appeased. Will it
be just that we should now commit new abotilina
tions, robberies, iasurreetiOns, and' ecesses ? There
cannot be a being of so great ingratitude as to think
this. Unite, virtuoas Spaniards, to receive, as soon '
as possible, the•rc ward of your heroic fidelity.
-s ." The Government, and the flithlui. Provinces;
will be filled with joy, when the Council exhibits
before yon and all Europe the constant firmness with
which the men of honotir, the most. elevated Nobi-
lity, the' superior Tribunals, and the Chiefs of they
Nation, have sustained your cause; and the rights of
the Throne. Not a few individuals- among them
have been led by fraud and force far beyond the .
limits of Spain ; and, though without liberty, and '
exposed td the severest insults, they'have proved the
inflexibility of their loyalty and the religious purity
Of their opinions. _Distrust even their signatures
which have been circulated among you, and wait
with patience for- the testitnonies of their conduce',
The principal author of these calamities is tree, and
beyond ourjurisdi&ion ; .but Heaven will not permit
him to remain unpunished.
" An i you, ye victorious Armies of Spain ! fly
and protect this capital,,which longa for you. Tiil
then it has no other defence, than its situation in the ‘,' 1
heart of the kingdom, and the recent departure of . serve as a specimen
the enemy. Let us together prostrate ourselves be. I
fore the sacred altars of our God, and return him "'4u the 2d instant, in the morning, part of
thanks for his wonderful mercy. Here your fathers, ' the French army entered this town, firing shot,
your.mothers, your brothers, and your friends,. await threatening the inhabitants with death, demanding
yoU, to embrace you, and proclaim you our deliver- -
ers. 0 happy that day ! how true that joy! Wipe with furious cries, bread, wino, meat, and water,
away,your tears, you-disconsolate widows, and yod rushing at the same time into the houses, destroy-
wretched orphans, who have lost those whoni you ' ing whatever fell in their' way, sacking and rob-
loved. Your fathers, and your faithful husbands,
died in the field of honour, in the defence of their btng them under the eyes of the owners.—
Country : they perished, but their memory shall 111 vain did we endeavour to pacify them by
CADIZ, JULY 22.—The Spaniards who were Pr.l'
not perish. Here you will -meet with generous and all means, ministering them the bread, which soners in E ' I have arrived fight against the
4 ngiarik.,, to
grateful souls, who will provide for your- tnaintet; ' had by orders of the Magistrates been preparing . enemies of peace of the world.
saki', as your husbands and fathers provided for
theirs. Tie Spanish Nobility are listinguished for , the whole of th4t . night, entreating them to' j Letters from London state, that the most cordial
their generosity and greatness of soul, and will not await' the wine, which was 'fetching in a neigh- reception was given in that Capital to the Deputies.,
_____.
deny a debt as flattering-as it is just. God grant bouring :town. . All this only' served to exsperate from Asturias, Galicia, and Leon. The first night
that no evilitninded persons may frustrate; by their . . •
excesses and rapine, such -laudable intentions, and: their avidity and rage, still menacing -us with death , they went Ito the Opera the applause of the audience,
fill this city with lamentation and itnnurning ' every moment, imtil by their Violence they corn- 'on their entrance; lasted a Considerable time. • e
Worthy-neighbours !, it is for you we ade live in
confidence 'that the Council and all .the Magistrates Oiled us to relinquish' our houses, escaping barely : VALENCIA, JULY 22.--t• Since the 17th inst. 1200
, of this capital will proted you, and
•will deliver over C
with our lives, and with the greatest difficulty. ast . men have landed at St. Carlos, for Saragossa. A -,,
the guilty to the severest punishment. - God grant out of our houses, we were straggling about the hills, , Ves.sel has also arrived from Majorca and Port Ma.
‘..
that there be no occasion to draw the sword of pa.-- whilst they were sacking what they could not de- ')(1 on Dispatches:from our Squadron at
flee; let it be employed against the enemies of the
nation--against the .oppressors of our liberty, and stroy, and destroyed what could not avail them.'.. But rrllittt ,Mrtoifor the' Supreme Junta at Seville. She
against those who, violating their proini.e, avail where their fury chietlyconecntrated.wasin therem- 1 Irri,Agsvkitelligence that 5,800 men,- all troops of the
themselves of our defenceless. state to sacrifice us.-- ple. They profaned the Sacrament, tore down the I,liist),Viriembarked, and-were standing in for Tar-
-May it please• -Heaven to grant, speedily, the ful-
, . - - , . - •
. Tabernacle, cut, demolished, and trampled the sacred '. ragoba, : This 'intelligence 'gives us room to hope
filtnent of those desires which are engraved on the
hearts of ail. Spaniards, and those of its Council ! , images.Of religion and the altars. Nay, having con. 'that the unfortunate City of Barcelona will soon be
D. BARTULOME ItiIUNOZ." . " ikladrid Any. 5, 1808." 1 apnamated the abomination, they set fire to the town, . liberated. The Navigatioa of our Coasts is perfectly
I and in 'TeSS-than e=l. hours, tho;whole, not one house .- free. Vessels lialie, strived from Cadiz.
...
_...
.........,.. , . . .
~
SAgAGOSS A , IDLY 18. ' excepted, lay in ashes,. ringing the bells in n'''' f; To i • VIANA, PORTUGAL, AUG. 12.--nn the 6th of this
LETTER from General PALAFOX, in Answer to one . decby the unwary tO assist in, 0- ' ' ded .here in addition
ieduciidn of the .
s fir°4No.o, English Troops lan ,
film the French
.
• flanles, Wh11.q..-:viey had prepared a gun to destroy .4;0 'tlVjat6 0 that had Previously dis.einty,iiked.—
" SIR,—If his Majesty, the Emperor, sends xou ,
Pm., .rroot. . ,
them, g as they should approach. Such is lu R? ig' .iiippawd they will reach Lisbon about the 14th
to restore a tranquillity, which this country has ne-
m, -a
the conduet, which they. have
.opposed to the kind- or .
t''` (I'strikual'
ver lost, his Majesty!s care in this respect is Very
unnecessary. It I 1 to correspond to the ti:oit .neii with which we haye supplied them vidtuals, " 'lfriaillp , AUG* to.—The armies of Valencia and
which this gallant people of Arragon have put in me, -shelter, and whatever else they asked of us. Under . Arragon entered this city yesterday, *Tiit'y ciane
by drawing me from the retirement in which I was, • •
,such latneptabie circumstances, We applied to Gen, ‘ .
to CO/Ifide to me their interest, it is clear thati shouldwith theintention of 'driving, out the French. and

MoNcnv, who at that time was spe&ator of till,
fianws at Calymnilla.,4 soliciting him, in conside 't

iti comply with toy duty, were Ito abandon them to
the jpearances of a friends*, so little sincere. My
sworn guards the gates of this capital, and my ho-
nour answers for its-security ; let then 'those troops
of yours not take any such trouble, for doubtleam
they are yet fatigued froth the 15th and I.6th dayl.
Be they, if you please, ever so 'indefatigable in theif
conflias; I shall be so in my engagements and duty:
'So far from., hNving'been assuaged, the Spanish in,
•dignation is hourly- rising at the sight of the corn-
bustiOn spread all around,"by accumulated deeds of
treachtry. . We. are awareOhat the spies ydu sCi
pendiate are unfaithful. Great part of Catalonia has
placed itself under my command same has
been done bye another not the smaller part of Castile
the Captain.-General of.the larter, and of Valencia,
are in unison with me. Galicia, Estremadra, and .
the Astrurias, together with the four kingdoms of
Andalusia, are resolved to avenge their wrongs.
The French troops commit atrocities unworthy of
men they rob; insillt, 'and assassinate with impunity
the unotiending, pxotatie religion, burn the sacred
images in a'saeriligeons manner. Neither this, nor
the tone you assume ever since.the 15th and 16th,
are calculated to satisfy a brave people.—You shall
do What you like, I what I ought.—l have the
honour, &c.

grzhat we had done in favour of his troops; tu
tts,:,*KAtopping the progress of the fire and evil,
aw.termy lo him, then at the head of 16,000 men.
•
-,TrilomFer. the flame spread unhindered into the
fields adjoining, consuming, our harvest.; and the
whole bears now the,aspec.-.t 9f dead, uniform 4e,spl-,
lation,. and its inhabitants ate from a state lately not
unprosperous reduced to _absolute mendicity.---_
Wherefore they supplicate, alit you will be p!eisecl'
to dry those tears, and v6th all promptitude relieve.
. ..... • •
themin the ex tremity.of their distress, .&c."
.4ugust 8, 1808."

‘i The General Of the Troops of Arragon.
'" JOSEPH PALAFOX MUIR."
" drragon, July the 18th, 1808."

SANTIAGO, AUG. 12.—A , letter from Madrid,
dated 'July 30, states; that on• the 28th in the even-
ing an Officer arrived from, the Army in Andalusia,
with a Dispatch from General CASTANOS to °TAR-
' RIL, requiring him to deliver to ;he King of NAPLES
aletter to the following 'effect The General in
Chief of the combined armies of Estremadura, Va-
lencia, and Andalusia, consisting of 120;000 infan-
try, 14,000 cavalry, 320 cannon of every descrip-
tion, &c: enjoins the King of NAtit.Es, within three
days, 'to evacuate . Madrid, with all his troops, as
shoujd that period elapse wikhouf such evacuation,
the General will be obliged to employ all hiS tOrees
with the utmost severity, which he hopes Will not be
the.case ; and he trusts that, on their retreating, no
violence, will be committed towards the persons and
property of the inhabitants of Madrid, 'as the gene-
ral retains in his cu'tody 27,000 French soldiers,
12 generals, 103. Colonels, and- IWO Officers, to
none of whom, in such case,' will any quarter be,
given."

" The letter from IVladrid then proceeds as fol-
lows :—" 1 have already stated the time at which,
'those Dispatches arrived: O'FARRIL, on reading;
that, addressed to him,, resolved, - after some consk
deration, so-deliver its inclOsure to our unfortunate
Sovereign. The latter finding some difficUlty in!
reading it, asked O'VARRxt, as. he
.went on from
one'sylla le to another, what the meaning of all this.
- was. 01.4A10,{1L endeavoured to exculpate himself
ats ikell as he cOuld ;. but his Majesty not being sat us-
tied with his excuses, sent for SAVARY, UROUCHY,
URQUI,7O, MAZARREDO, and some others, SAVARY
Seefilr'd disposed to aCCuse GROUCHY ; while we lat-
ter retaliated, and ail of the Gtoneraisaglees ii. Otani-
log time conduct of MtfaAT ;mu the Spani,n Ministers.
The good Monarch, transported with rage at the
scene which he had just witnes.e, t, thres.v tonrseit on
a sofa, whence he fulminated his just indignation
against Mazarredo and LTlquijo.
,he re-
tired to his Chamber to consult wilt his pillow khat
was best to be done. The day following (yesterday)
armed, and all of t hem prepared to imicch off, in-
cluding the sick, leaving only Gaoucnv behind to
conduct the 4000 troops who set out a few tlays ago
lofOcana, and who ate exp,..-c,ted here on'their roan it
this night. A considerable body of troops ra,4r,hed
oft this morning, and their King with the.o. • He
is at the head of two divisions, consisting of from
0 to 7000 men; and It it be true, as is here reported,
that LTibino has gone to Burgos with If,i3Ond Alen,
we have no doubt of our being soon Castanised."

MADRID, AVG. g..—Among the mul itjariuus un-
prec6*nted Instances of• public atrocity co.innitted
by the French in all parts of the kingdoms wh,:re
they are in force, the follo'Aing, contained in a' tiar-
rative.atiested by the Magistrates and Pastors of the
town of -Veriturada, presented to Government; way
