enough, concludes that men wilt not long continue to in-
dol,,le their whims at the expence of their solid interests ;
and that as the people of England have received a strong
►►npulse fro►u the example of neighbouring States to bestir
themselves to improve the institutions, which at present
enable the few to plunder the many, so, in like manner,
those who are interested in upholding the present state of
things have caught, from what has taken place abroad, an
alarm for the existence of their ascendancy, and will cheer-
fully support him, on the condition of his hostility to re-
form and retrenchment. We ought rather to say reform,
because reform includes in it retrenchment, as without
reform retrenchment is impracticable. Such then being
the tactics of the Administration, what measures will be
adopted to enable the spoilers of the people to hold their
prey ? The division of the people by frightening the
middle classes with the danger of spoliation from time
lower. Well would it be for the middle classes if they
were not more in danger of spoliation from the higher
than the lower classes l However this is the never failing
course of tactics. Mr. Hume said last night—

" He lipped that the people would show their wishes by pe-
titions foThat House, and by all other legal means. He trusted,
hoviever, that the people would use no othtr but legal means.
If ho could make his voice heard from one end of the country
to the other, he would exclaim to the people If you want to ob.
bin your rights and to benefit the country, abstain front all acts
of violence.'7(Hear, hear.)—From the use of all legal means of
obtaining their object the people ought nut to allow themselves
to be dissuaded. There were unfortunately in this country
a number of very ignorant, though, perhaps, well-meaning
seen, be, being alarmed themselves, endeavoured to dime.
minate their terrors, and who, wishing to sustain the present
system under all circumstances, depicted to others the evils
and devastation to which they might be subject if they de.
parted from it ; as if any change must necessarily lead to
occurrences similar to those which had taken place itt other
countries. lie implored every real friend to his country to act
himself, and to use all the influence which he might possess over
others to induce them to act, in forwarding the great object of
relieving the people by all lawful means ; by petition and re-
monstrance, couched in bold but proper language. There were
in that and the other House of Parliament so many individuals
who were interested in the continuance of the present system,
because it worked well, as it respected them, that-they adopted
every possible means of insuring its continuance. It was not
surprising that these place-holders should say to those over
whom they posse.sed any influence, Don't go this meeting, or
that assembly ; don't sign such a petition; don't join in such a
remonstrance.'"

Now we-would say to those timid persons who allow
their fears to be wrought on by those who are interested
in the perpetuation of abuses :.—the only way to prevent
violence is to make such a demonstration of your strength
as shall induce those who are interested in abuses to con-
sent to Reform, that the continuance of the abuses may me
at least render the working classes impatient, and deprive
you of your influence and authority over them. You have
the power in your hands—the Oligarchy are no match for
you, if you only choose to exert yourselves. Make one
great effort for the salvation of your properties. When the
Oligarchy see that you are in earnest—when they see you
determined to take all legal means of doing yourselves
justice, be assured they will at last yield. See the effect
which was produced by the terror of only a part of the
people, the Dissenters—see the effect at present produced
throughout the country, by the union and organization
of the Quakers and ether philanthropists, for an object of
far less consequence than Parliamentary Reforta—namely,
the abolition of slavery in our colonies. We are no apo-
logists of slavery or injustice, and deem it the 'Bitty of
every man to do what he can to procure its abolition.
But the procuring of good Government for all the people
of the British dominions is an object of far greater import-
ance, because it comprehends within it the means of ob-
Limning justice, not for one class, but for all ; and, without
a relbrtn in the representation, rescuing the many from
the clutches of the few who have an interest in the perpe-
tuation of abuse, good government is utterly impracticable.
The time has now, come, when men must make up their
minds to take one course or another—they will not he
allowed to remain with their arms folded. Ile who is
not with me is against me. They will be forced either
to be for the people or against them. Again we re-
peat, it is of the utmost importance not to allow them-
selves to be frightened with accounts of projects of
spoliation. 'They may be assured that in all cauntries,
those who have an interest in the maintenance of order
ftr outnumber those who might wish to disturb it. Out
of the immense population of this metropolis, for instance,
how small must the number of those who have an interest
in disorder be to the number of those who have an inte-
rest in robbery. Every householder has something to
lose, and that something, however small, is to him of great
importance. The danger front this quarter is trifling;
hut the danger from spoil, under the colour of law, is one
to which they ate constantly exposed, and front which they
can only shake themselves free by such a bold manifesta-
tion and manly determination as that to which we have
alluded. Sir Robert Peel complained of the language of
Mr. Hume as being calculated to produce excitement and
inflammation—
. When the lion. Member (he said) characterlied the whole
population of the country, without exception, as being in a
starving condition—as reduced to a state of actual famine—or
when he declared that unless certain measures were adopted,
the day of vengeance would come, might not the excitement
and inflammation which the lion. Gentleman 'animated be un-
intentionally aggravated by such expressions t"

•
?iir. Barn% observed that—
,. The country always must be, from its position and from the
nature of Its population, to a certain degree in a state of distress.
At present, therefore, there was, as at all other times, distress
but it was not anything to be compared to that which existed
any year since the peace. It was . a gross exaggeration to de-
scribe the people of England AS a starving people."--(Cheers.)

We have more than once said, that we do not believe
there it more distress atuong the working classes at this
time than at any former period; they never have been in
any other state than that of poverty, and there is not more
poverty now than usual. But Mr. Hume is not the ori-
ginator of this exaggeration. He has only, perhaps, been
led away by the exaggerated language used night alter
night in the House of Lord* by the Duke of Richmond,
Lords Winchilsea and Stanhope, the Bishop of Bath and
Welk, Lord, Torrington, and others. But Mr. Baring did
something mere than merely set Mr. Hume right in this
respect. He artfully confounded the necessity for paying
Ministers with the necessity for maintaining the present
expenditure.
" Was it a fact" (he said tauntingly), " that the House of
Commons was acting merely on a mercenary regard for its own
interests ?—(Loud cheers.)—The sooner this was explained the
better, andAni hoped, therefore, that the Resolution of which the
Hon. Member for Colchester had that evening given notice,
would be acceded to—(Cheers from the Opposition Benches),—
that the inquiry might be at once instituted. For, in his opt.
nion, nothing could be more unfbunded, or more mischievous, if
It were unfounded, than this I.•—(Continued cheers.)—lt was true
that public officers were paid—and this was a part of the Consti-
tution of the country, and ho thought a wise part. It was also
true that the great Officers of the state held seats in Parliament
—and thls,"too, he thought was well ; and unless the lion. Mem.
her meant to say that all public offices should be monopolised by
men of large fortune, it was impossible that persons holding such
offices, and having beats in the House, should not receive money
for their public services."

Note Me. Baring, while uttering this tirade, knew
very well that he was speaking beside the purpose. The
evil is not that. Ministers are paid or have *eats in Parlia-
ment; but that those who return a majority of vote* in
Parliament exact, as a consideration for their interest,
appointments of various kinds, both here and in theColo-
mes, and that offices are kept up, not because they are
necessary to the country, but necessary to the obtaining
majorities. flow often did Mr. Herrin' taunt the House
of Commons, that Ministers were often dispesed to go
further in the way of economy than the Home would
allow them to go ! Why have Ministers spin and again
named Committees of Finances but to obtain the sanction
of reepertuble Committees to reductions which they were
of themselves afraid to propose? Dues Mr. Baring mean
to say that the sum ended by Sir James Graham, as divided
among Privy Couneillom lea necessary expenditure? Does
he mean wetly that the system of keeping up the Dead Weight
by the trickery of superannuations, exposed by Sir Henry
Parnell in his book on Finance, and which he cha-
raeterised us quartering the children of the Aristocracy
unfairly on the public, is a proper expenditure ? Does
be mean to say, that the making by thousauds officers
in the navy and army for the take of the emoluments, is
proper? Title language of Mr. Baring is not to be tole.
retell, It ought to be taken to pieces, and exhibited in
all its naked deformity. The cheers of the House' only
prove how little Oa How deserved the commendations
bestowed iii it. But we will return to this audacious
epeech.—Afori,isr Chrunicla.
it generally understood that Mr. Alderson bits been
appointed one of the new additional Judges to be attached
under the Act of last Session of Purliament to the three
Supreme Courts of Conimon Law. It was also rutnoured
yesterday morning that Mr. Gurney ii id received an inti-
mation of the like preferment, it having been declined by
Air. Frederick Pollock. The third Judge will, probably,
not be created until the Equity Jurisdiction of the Court
of Exchequer shall lie severed from its common Law brit-
dict;ort, and the Chief Baron devote himself exclusively to
the Equry Department. Five Judges for a Court so
destitute of humaa,,-; t the Exchequer now is would be
monstrous. —Morning Chrotige.

The House of Commons met yesterday, for the first
time, at three' o'clock, hatted of four, its accustomed
hour Hitherto. inalvation is an improvement, sod
cannot fail to be epprectet,d. The hour snateOed from
time is an hour gained by the public; end if Min. Mem-
bers would only evince a concurrept readiness' to curtail
their speeches which they have slims to increase their
sittings, the public would receive this first step as a pledge
of a businesslike Session. Sir Robert Peel hesitated not
to own that Ministers had no intention of instituting on
inquiry into the causes of the distressed state of the coun-
try. Air. Alderman WaitLiman gave notice of a motion
on the Assessed Taxes., The Chancellor of the Exchequer
said. it was his intention to: bring the Civil List before the
Mame on Friday next, Mt, flume &Aired to have it
