SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

It is highly gratifying to find a man holding
in the Church the high rank of Archbishop oc-
cupying himself with improvements in the eco-
nomy of the country. We allude to the volume
on Secondary Punishments, just published by
Dr. Whately, Archbishop of Dublin. Dr.
W'hately is well aware of the connection be-
tween religion and the improved circumstances
of the people; but in this volume lie shows,
that, as a minister of religion, he is directly called
on to point out in the penal system of this
country positive causes of crime, which render
the labours of the instructor of the people
fruitless.

" It has never been my prectire (observes his Grace),
nor is it my intention, to otcupy myself with questions of
a purely political character, especially questions of party
politics. L3ut the present is not one of that description,
and it is so closely connected with mnrality..-so much do I
feel myself professionally, not only not prohibited, hut even
velled on, to take an interest in it, that on investigatine
the subject, and endeavouring to diffuse correct views of
it, Ido not conceive that I am at all departing from the
coutse I had marked out for myself. I found myself long
since, as a parish minister, inculcating moral conduct
under circumstances unfairly disad*antageous--when the
law afforded not only no adequate discouragement to crime,
Lot even in many instable-es a bounty on it. When I met
with instances in my own immediate neighltouthooe, on
the one ham!, nt persons of the best character not only re
fusing to bplroceed against depredators, but labouring in
evepe way to promote the escape of the guilty, because the
law denounced death against the offences, and they could
nut bring themselves to incur even the remote and almost
imaginary risk of exposing a thief to that fate ; and, on
the other hand, of persons receiving letters from relatives
'who had been transported, exhorting them to find some
weans of coming out to join them, and depicting the pros-
perity of their condition in such terms as naturally to ex-
cite the envy of the honest and industrious labourers whom
they bad left at home struggling for a poor subsistence--
when all this, I say, came under my own observation, I could
not feel awl teach that Government answered its end of
being fur the punishment of evil-doers and for the praise
of them that do well,' while its enactments produced, on
the contrary, rather a terror to the good than to the evil.
And I could not but feel that, not only as a member of
the community, but as a Minister of the Gospel, I had a
right to comp'ain ef this counteraction of my endeavours
to diffuse morality."
Transportation, it is now admitted on all
hands, has utterly failed as a secondary punidi-
mein. It has failed in the most essential requi-
site—that of deterring from crime. The requi-
sites to be sought for in punishment are well
stated by his Grave :
" The points which most persons would look to (he
says) as important requisites in any kind of punishment
that is to be awarded, are, first, and above all other consi-
alerations, that it should be formidable—i. e. that the ap-
prehension of it should operate as much as possible to
deter men from crime, and thus to prevent the necessity
of its actual infliction ; secondly, that it shall be humane—
i. e. that it should occasion as little as possible of useless
suffering, of pain or inconvenience, that does not conduce
to the nbiect proposed; thirdly, that it should be correc-
tive, or at least not corrupting; tending to produce in the
eri'ennal himself, if his life be spared, and in others, either
a moral improvenunt, or at bast as little as possible of
moral debasement; and, lastly, that it should be cheep;
such PIP to make the punishment of the criminal either ab-
solotelv profitable to the community, or at least not ex-
cessively costly."

Dr. Whately thinks that the idea of a peni-
tentiary should not be altogether abandoned ;
but that, as we have much to learn cn the sub-
ject of punishments short of death, it would be
our wisest and safest course, in the present state
of our knowledge, to establish in different places
several penitentiaries, on different plans, such as
may have the most to recommend them ; and,
after a trial of a few years, to introduce modifi-
cations, as experience should suggest, and re-
model the less successful on the pattern of those
which may be found to answer their purpose
better. Dr. Whately inculcates the importance
of not overlooking first offences, if we wish
to prevent the spread of crime, which is
much favoured by this sort of impunity.—
Those who train dogs to fight badgers—first,
he says, muzzle the badger, and the dog is thus
encouraged to proceed, till it becomes habitual
to him to attack badgers. Dr. W. thinks that
when criminals are sentenced to hard labour, a
certain amount of work should be required of
them, with permission to exceed this as much
as they please, the additional quantity to
shorten the term of their punishment. lie
would also allow pay to the convict for a certain
portion of his work, to be paid over to him at
his discharge. One of Dr. Whately's sugges-
tions is well deserving of attention at this time.
Having stated the necessity of adapting the
labour to the sex, age, strength, &c. of the cri-
minal, he observes,

" I shiuld be disposed to give a preference, other points
teing equal, to such kinds of labour as the convict might
tesort to after his discharge as a means of maintenance;
and with this view, to such as may be carried on without
the aid of much machinery. In this respect, the labour
of the tread-mill is less eligitde than in many others. In
many instances recourse might be had to some of the less
artifichd and more laborious operations of husbandry, such
as trenching, stone picking, &c. This would require a
larger number of such overseers as could be relied on for
vigilance and firmness to prevent the escape of convicts;
but I think there are sufficient advantages on the other
side to make this plan well deserving of a trial. In par..
ticular it would afford great facilities fur the adoption
(which I consider as highly important) of the system of
task-work.

" Convicts should never he allowed, as in New South
Wales, to be employed and paid by farmers; hut the
superintendants might contract for the levelling, draining,
or trenching, &c. of a piece of ground, and would then set
the convicts to work under their inspection. And though
the payment for this, and indeed any other labour of con-
victs, could seldom he expected to cover the cost of their
maintenance and other expenses, it might still be regarded
as so much clear gain, since they must be maintained at
any rate.

" An experiment has, I understand, been begun on a
small scale on the Sussex coast, in the neighbourhood of
Pevensey, which, whether successful or not as a matter of
speculation, may be well worthy of attention in reference
so our present object. There is in that neighbourhood an
enormous extent of sea-beach forsaken by the sea, and
presenting an expanse of seemingly hopeless sterility. It
has been found, however, that the shingle, when covered
over to the depth of a few inches with good soil, will pro-
duce goad crops, an may be permanently reclaimed ; and
the immediate vicinity presents an inexhaustible supply of
such soil. The marshy meadows which are immediately
bounded by this ban en region contain a vast depth of rich
alluvial sod. The method accordingly which I have al-
luded to as in a course of trill, consists in digging up this
soil to a considerable depth, and spreading it over the
shingle; the pit thus dug is filled up again with shingle
from the beach, to within a'aout a foot of the surface; and
these pebbles being then covered with a sufficient depth of
the soil dug out, and the turf replaced, the meadow is so
far from being damaged by the removal of the soil, that it
is even benefited by the substratum of gravel acting as an
under-drain. The process is, of course, expensive ; but it
is important to observe, that the whole of the expense con-
sists of the labour employed. Whether it will in any case
answer as a profitable speculation, must probably depend
on the existing rate of wages; and it has come to my
knowledge, that in many parishes in that part of Sussex,
labourers will at all times of the year refuse to work ex
cept at the highest wages, because they receive a parish
allowance whenever they are out of work. This system
I hope and trust will not he allowed to continue much
longer. But at any rate, though it may be doubtful whe-
ther this undertaking will in any case answer—i. e. more
than replace the expense of maintaining the labourers, es-
pecially when these are convicts—it must at least repay a
p.m! of the expense; and every act e of land thus brought
into a productive state by the labour of those who, whe-
ther employed or unemployed, must have been maintained
at the public expense, may, as I have before observed, be
regarded as so much clear gain to the community."
Dr. Whately has republished in this volume
two articles, one on Transportation, anti another
on Secondary Punishments, formerly contributed
by him to a Review. He has also republished

an article from the Law itlagazine on Coloniza.
tion, not written by himself. In this last pro•
duction, the writer contrasts the Greek mode o

colonization with the English, and suggests that
we should avoid in future the mistake committed
in planting A merica, the Colonists of which
were all of one order• in society, and make the
colony a copy of the old country. This idea is
not so good as that in the plan of Mr. Gouger,
who suggested that labour might be kept down
in the Colonies by removing labourers from the
mother country, and that the rents of the lands
granted by Government should be applied to
defray the expense of removing the labourers.
There can be no gentry in a colony without
slaves. There may be capitalists, however, em-
ployed in agriculture, if labour can be made suf-
ficiently cheap and productive.—Morn. Chron.
We publish the Report, which is ably drawn
up, of the Parliamentary Committee on the
question of General Registration. It is a sub-
ject of vast importance, and well deserving public
attention. The country attornies are, we be-
lieve, very much opposed to it ; and such is their
influence all over England, that county members,
although perfectly well disposed and indeed
anxious for the measure, are afraid to support it,
and in many instances actively oppose it from
the pressure put upon them by their solicitors.
It is a disgrace to any civilized country to have
gone on so long without registration, which is
the only effectual safeguard to titles, and per-
haps one half the ruinous suits which people
complain of in Chancery are occasioned solely
by this want of security, because there is no de-
scription of inquiry so expensive to the suitor as
that which relates to disputed titles. We have
heard of many cases in which the value of the
estate has been spent twice over before the title
has been thoroughly investigated; and we
have never yet known a case in which some
of the most insurmountable difficulties would
not have been at once removed, or rather
never would have existed, if there had

been a register to refer to. It is ob-
vious that all difficulties in title, which arise from

the construction of a deed, are at once removed
by taking the opinion of a Court upon the sub-
ject. But difficulties which proceed from the
non-production of instruments, from the appre-
hension that deeds may exist to defeat the title,
cannot be removed except by putting the parties to
great expense, or by one party waiving his right
to call for the older deeds, upon having an abate-

ment made in the purchase money. There can
he no doubt also, that if registration were adopted,
he system of conveyancing would become much
more simple ; all instruments creating legal terms

would be.saved, and the construction of deeds

generally, especially as regards recitals, would
he very much simplified. Perhaps even printed
forms of deeds might come into use, by which
the expenses of conveyancing might be reduced
0 little more than the stamp and the cost now
ittendant upon a transfer of stock. It may be
asked, why this might not be done independent
of registration ? At present it is necessary to
deduce the title upon the face of the deed, which
occasions the recital of the instruments through
which the title is derived ; but if a deed were regis-
tered, instead of recitals it would be sufficient to
state the reference to the page in the book which
contains the pedigree of the title in the Register-
office. Then, inasmuch as registration requires
the original deed or a duplicate to be deposited,
conveyancers would naturally direct their atten-
tion to framing forms of such parts of deeds as
were in common use ; and this might be done in
such cases as limitations in strict settlement,
mortgages, marriage-settlements, and such like,
in which the important part of the deed is always
the same, the only difference being the parcels
Ind parties' names. Then how great would be

the advantage of being able to sell or mortgage
land with exactly the same facility that exists in
buying or selling 100 3 per cents. ! The title
to 3 per Cents. is, that the name and the
amount of the stock are written in a certain page
in the books of the Bank, and the evidence of
that is a little bit of paper which the proprietor
produces, containing a copy of that entry. Satis-
fied of identity, the purchaser goes to the Bank,
:ind, finding the holder's name and the amount
specified to be correct, he buys at once without
any doubt as to the owner. But let a person
go with his title-deeds in his hand, and it is dif-
ficult to be sure that the e may not be half a
:lozen other deeds, giving the estate to half a
dozen other people ; or the estate may have
been mortgaged, or sold, or settled, and the
(feed produced may not be worth the parchment
it is written upon. But let there be an extract
from the register-book in which the holder is
described as the owner of the estate, and on
.vhich appears a reference to every deed by
,vhich he or any body else have dealt with the
property, all winch deeds may be examined at
once, and with the absolute certainty that no
other instrument can by possibility exist to de-
'eat or affect the title, the purchaser will buy the
land with the same safety and readiness that he
feels in purchasing 3 per cents. This feeling of
security will not only facilitate and multiply trans-
actions, but will enhance the value of property ;
and, as Sir Matthew Hale said when he bought
land, " Now would I give one year's purchase
to know that I have got a good title," every
landholder would feel that he had a possession
safer to hold and easier to part with. That
country gentlemen should object to registration
really exceeds belief ; but it can only be because
they do not understand the benefits, or are hood-
winked by their solicitors, who tell them that
registration will expose all their title-deeds, and
let all the world know wheu,and how often,they bor-
row money upon mortgage. It is needless to
say that, in a busy country like this, men have

oo much to do to have time to examine their

neighbours' title-deeds. Besides, is it done
with re,pect to wills ? Doctors Commons is
open to all the world for a shilling. 'We are
convinced there is no improvement likely to be
carried by a reformed Parliament more really and
extensively beneficial than this one of a general
register.— Times.
The condition of the Greeks under the Otto-
man yoke was bad enough, but since they have
come under the protection of the Allied Powers
their condition is still worse. It was not indeed
to be expected that a people who had been so
many centuries in a state of degrading bondage
could, all at once, shake off with the chains of
that dominion the vices which slavery engenders.
Neither was it to be anticipated that the enjoy-
ment of the liberty for which they had panted
through long ages of servitude and suffering,
would have the effect of only exchanging one
sort of national degradation and misery for
another. So it is, however, that, instead of her
emancipation from the debasing effects of
Turkish tyranny opening the career of improve-
ment to Greece, the parent land of ancient civi-
lization is delivered up to those civil furies which
hasten to complete the desolation that the sword
of the savage Ibrahim left unfinished, and op-
pose the progress of those arts of peace which

are requisite to consolidate the new State upon
the foundations of national strength and social
union. What is the source of the present
calamities in a country whose people gave many
examples of devotedness, patriotism, and heroic
contempt of death, in the late conflict
with Turkey, which were never surpassed ?
We have repeatedly said, and we say again, that
the source of those calamities, which threaten
to replunge that country in barbarism, is Russian
intrigue. Russian agents fomented divisions
among the Greek Chiefs, that the distractions
of the country might prevent the formation of
a truly national and independent Government,
and so the destinies of Greece might eventu-
ally be placed under the influence and within
the grasp of the inordinate ambition of the
Muscovite. When Russia was a much feebler,
and less of a commercial State than she is at
present, she gave indications of being extremely
desirous to possess some places as naval stations
in the Mediterranean. The Empress Catherine
made a proposal to our Government to obtain
a cession of the island of Minorca when it was
in the possession of Great Britain ; but shortly
after the proposal was made it was taken from
us by France, in the name of the Spanish King.
Afterwards Prince Potemkin suggested the plan
of purchasing the islands of Lampedosa and
Linosa, in the Mediterranean, on the coast
of Africa, the former of which affords
great natural advantages for a fine har-
bour, and would be almost as conve-
nient a naval station for Russia as Malta
itself. It was also considered as well situated
for an emporium for Russian products, brought
from the Black Sea, for supplying the coasts of
the Mediterranean. It was also intended to
establish there an order of Knighthood, similar
to that of Malta, for Russians and Greeks, of
which the Sovereign of Russia was to be Grand
Master; but Catherine could not induce the
Court of Naples to part with the sovereignty of
those islands. Since then the ambition that
made Russia covet harbours, naval stations, and
emporiums for her products in the Mediter-
ranean is not diminished. Such accessions to
the growing commerce of the empire are not less
desirable in the days of Nicholas and Pozzo d i
Borgo than they were in the days of Catherine
and Potemkin. Russia never assisted to sever
Greece from Turkey but with the intention of
acquiring that country for herself. Accord-
ingly, the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh sent Capo
d'lstrias to that country, who was a Greek of
Corfu, in the Russian interests, and he acted up
to his instructions in making everything subservient
to the ascendancy of Russia. He drove those
Greeks who did not consider it " independence"
to be handed over from an Ottoman to a Mus-
covite master, into open resistance to his Govern-
ment. In the midst of his treacherous and op-
pressive proceedings an act of tyrannicide cut
him off, and his brother Constantine, who suc-
ceeded him as President, was soon obliged to
fly on board a Russian vessel of war. During
all these proceedings the Governments, both of
England and France, have been made, unhap-
pily, subservient to the establishment of the Rus-
sian supremacy in Greece. The finishing act is
put to our diplomatic folly, under the auspices of
the protocol-spinning Lord Palmerston, by aid-
ing and abetting the project of raising the beard-
less youth, Prince Otho of Bavaria, to the
throne of Greece, according to the suggestions
of the Russian faction, who are willing to place
an automaton at the head of the nominal sove-
reignty of the new kingdom, of which the Ca-
binet of St. Petersburgh will take care to pull
the strings, while England will be honoured with
the office of finding cash to pay the expenses,
whenever the machinery gets out of repair—until
the time arrives when, like Crim Tartary and
Poland, an imperial ukase shall incorporate
Greece with the hereditary dominions of the
Northern Barbarian.—Morning Herald.
It is rather extraordinary that among law re-
forms, (of which, by the bye, the country has
heard so much, and experienced so little)no one has
directed his attention to the singular fact, that
nineteen-twentieths of the cases committed for
trial at the Old Bailey are tried, not by
Judges of the land, or by persons known to
or accountable to the Government, but by per-
sons whose competence or incompetence rests
entirely upon the judgment of the Aldermen and
Common Councilmen of the City of London.
Nor does this anomaly rest here ; but, still more
strange to say, the sentences passed upon the
same proportion of the convicts rest, for the
most part, upon the mere solitary judgment of
the one Alderman who may happen to be upon what
is called the " rota," writing letters or reading
the newspaper while the case is tried. We do
not at all mean to question but that the persons
on whom these formidable duties devolve execute
them to the best of their ability! But it is the
principle which we contend against, which seems
almost as absurd as if the Burgesses of West-
minster were to be intrusted with the nomina-
tion of the Judges who preside in any of the
Courts in Westminster Hall. It is no small
objection too to these local corporate judges,
that they consist of persons still practising at
the Bar ; and, if they happen to be
of any repute at the Bar, it has been no uncom-
mon thing to see the same person leaving one
Court, as Counsel, to preside as Judge in ano-
ther. Even in small corporate towns these things
are not very seemly, but they very much detract
from the solemnity as well as confidence which
ought to attach to all Courts of Justice when
they are allowed to exist in the metropolis of the
empire, at the very seat of Government and the
fountain of Justice. The remedy is a very sim-
ple one—viz., that corporate bodies should be
stripped of privileges which never ought to at-
tach to them, and in particular as regards the
greatest Criminal Court of the kingdom, that
prisoners should be tried and their fate decided
by Judges of the land, amenable to Parliament,
and for whose fitness the servants of the Crown
are responsible. At any rate, whatever rights the
Corporation of London may have within the
city, it is preposterous that they should assume
and exercise the same powers over a district em-
bracing the city of Westminster and the whole
county of Middlesex. We are aware it may be
said that the Corporation, by their charter, elect
the Sheriffs of the county of Middlesex, and
maintain the gaol of Newgate as a county pri-
son. This mayor may not be right, and may
or may not require alteration also ; but the very
fact that three of the Judges of the land attend
at each Old Bailey Sessions, to do some part of
the duty, is a convincing reason, in our minds,
why they ought to do in the metropolitan county
what they do at the Assizeasrofceleveorynoththeer countyßank
in the kingdom.—Morning Herald.
question There
i ni s thea very
C hr ol
long
t t cl o f article
charges
Saturday
the Bank
which
re-
quires a very short answer.
with causing ruinous fluctuations in the prices of
commodities by the changes it produced in the
circulation, and it argues strongly in favour of a
national issue. This is the sum and substance of

the elaborate statement of the Chronic/e. Upbn
the first point we have only to observe that ge-
neral assertions can have no weight in a matter
of fact question of this nature. Let a pre
rise time be stated, and then let the Directors
stand or fall by the case they can make out
aainst the charge ; but really this loose cen-
sure is worse than childish. Since 1819, when
the Directors really undertook the manage-
ment of the affairs of the Bank, let a point of
unnecessary over issue or contraction be fixed
upon. This is all we ask. Let us have precise
and consequently tangible charges instead of
vague and futile ones. Respecting a national
issue, our answer is that we believe that to be
one great branch of the inquiry on the part of
the Committee of the House of Commons. In
the case of a national issue we are not aware
how it is proposed to provide for that of the
country; however, we shall say no more upon
that question at present, but we will offer a
single remark upon the effect it would have upon
the Bank, and we believe that it would be ra-
ther advantageous than otherwise to that estab-
lishment. We, of course, cannot accurately go
into calculations, but we take it for granted that
the following cannot be very wide of the mark :
Take the circulation at twenty millions, two-
thirds of which are employed in securities and
one-third in bullion. That would leave thirteen
millions for securities. We will take the amount
of Exchequer Bills, included in these securities,
at nine millions, at two and a quarter per cent.,
which would be about 200,000/. ; the remaining
four millions we will state at three per cent., or
120,0001. a year, making a total of 320,0001. a
year. On the other side is to be put house ex-
penses, upwards of 100,000/. ; stamp duty
70,000/. ; to which must be added the difference
between three and four per cent. upon the capi-
tal of the Bank, amounting to 14,500,0001.,
held by the Government, making 145,000/. ; for
the dead weight would then be handed over to
the proprietors, who receive four instead of three
per cent. This statement brings the amounts
nearly equal, although we are aware that we
have put the house expenses low at 100,0001.
We know that we have somewhere seen them
put higher—Morning Post.

The claims of voters to be registered in Glas-
gow are 7,024, about half the number that might qualify.
THE DIVING SCHEME.—Mr. DEAN re-
urned from London on Wednesday, having presented three
bottles of the wine which he recovered from the Boyne
to Earl GREY, two of which were given to his AIibESTY.
Mr. DEAN visited the wreck of the Royal George on
Thursday, and be went out again to-day, but there being
too great a swell to moor the vessel, he was prevented
going down on the wreck. The two guns which were
recovered from the Boyne have been taken to the Gun •
wharf, and the copper to the Dock-yard.--Plymouth and
Devonport Journal.

Monday night, at Huddersfield, a man of co-
lour, named G. EnwAaos, undertook the arduous task of
running fifteen miles in two hours, having at the same time
to trund'e a coach wheel weighing six stone. He accom-
plished this feat a few minutes within the time, on a piece
of hilly ground between the infirmary and Egerton Hill,
from the hours of 6to 8 o'clock. His only retnuneratit n
was what his wife and himself could collect from the spec-
tators on the road, who must have amounted to some thou-
sands.—Lea Intelli9encer.

On the 15th inst. a company of the 47th foot
left Moy for Arboe, under the command of Captain WAR..
BURTON; and on the same day, a troop of cavalry passed
through Moy on the same route. Two pieces of artillery
also left Charlemont to assist the military, and a number of
police on the same day left Portadown for Arboe. It was
expected that the appearance of the King's troops would
daunt the vast numbers who were assembled there to op-
pose the payment of tithe..—Cork Constitution.

CROMER, AUG. 23.—This town is nearly
full of company, and should its present good state of he ilth
continue, it is expected to be a good season, as many fami-
lies will, no doubt, prolong their way to a late period.
Lodgings are considerably reduced in price, and an abun-
dance of necessaries ara daily supplied from the surround-
ing villages. We never remember to have seen the sands
more thronged with company than on Sunday last. A
great fall of the cliff having taken place opposite the light-
house, which extends to low water mark, and covers several
acres of ground, the light-house now stands in a ticklish
situation, and we do not at all envy the situation of Mr.
NEWSTEAD and his family. Two of the coast guard men,
who were near the spot when the fall took place, nar-
rowly escaped with their lives: one of them was knocked
down by a portion of the falling mass, and the other driven
into the sea, but succeeded in gaining the shore after
struggling in the dark a considerable time. The Aurora
Borealis, or Northern Lights, were very brilliant last
night, illuminatinv the northern horizon with its bright
corruscations in a very unusual manner, and affording
gratification to a great number of persons, who throng-d
the cliff till a late hour to witness it.—Norwich Mercury.

Loss OF THE BRILLIANT.—NOne Of the
bodies of the six persons drowned were found until Friday
morni
morning,
twgheennt thaten of
and Mr. BAKER'S
rat
s
himself,
thatfound ; also the bodies of Messrs. HuTcHit4s and SEALKY,
(forit
perished)
was
wastlie
son of
and that of BEADEL the steersman, were picked up. One
of the bodies was found at Gravesend, two at Greenhithe,
and one at Purfleet. The unfortunate circumstance was
i
caused by the persons on board persisting n carrying too
much canvas. Several boatmen on the river cautioned
them several times, and advised them to reef their
very large jib. It seems they laughed st the advice, and
continued sailing with on'y two small reefs in that sail.
c7hoLciaturworf,raleesd:
got
ot
bsuaeuptdi
lit],
net new: ybhuoetelahs.
where
thatat t:lie aewnwdpaaesbsr
frsaonasnnut
egs
The boat in tacking missed stays, her heavy sail weighed
her down upon one side, when she filled and went down.
fastened on board
it.
eotb:st ai
theor d.f
ROBERTS'
T ohh were
eeßEßanßffoTratisi
lrfaibwao
Brilliant, consequently this boat went down likewise.--
curiosity during the whole of the week.

FIRE AND Loss OF LIFE. -- Saturday
morning a fire broke out at the lower part of the shop of
Mr. BROMHEAD, tobacconist, King-street, Camberwell,
which threatened destruction to the whole neighbourhood.
Before the engines could arrive from London the burning
element had obtained such mastery that apprehensions
were entertained that the whole street would be enveloped
in one conflagration. At half past five the house fell with
a tremendous crash, and the corpse of a female, nearly
burnt to a cinder, was found among the ruins. It proved
to be a lodger in the house, named LEE, aged 58, a very
infirm lady. The fire was totally extinguished by eight.
FATAL ACCIDENT.— Another instance of
the impropriety of carrying too much sail on small boats
occurred near Seaham, on Monday last. As four young
men, from Sunderland, who had been on a visit to Seaham,
were returning home, the boat upset by a sudden gust of
wind, and three of them were unfortunately drowned.
The fourth was saved by clinging to the bottom of the
boat, from whence he was taken by the Seaham pilots,
and safely landed there. The bodies of the unfortunate
sufferers have not yet been found. Their names were
JOHN TAYLOR, ROBERT GILLESPIE, and THOMAS BUR-
DON.—Glasgow Courier.
SUSPICIOUS DEATH OF A YOUNG FE-
MALE —Saturday night, a coroner's inquest was held at
the Old King's Arms, Kensington, on the body of a young
female, name unknown. The deceased appeared to have
been exceedingly beautiful, being formed with the most
perfect symmetry, both of p,rson and feature ; she was
about the middle size. BASTER, the superintendent of
the Humane Society, stated that be found the body on
Saturday morning, in the Surpentine River, in Hyde
park, lying in shallow water. There was a contusion
under the left eye, and a slight mark under the chin. The
clothes were fashionable,--a sprigged muslin gown, fine
white stockings, and black satin sandal shoes. A brown
silk bonnet with a veil were found near the body. There
was nothing about her to indicate who she was. It was
mentioned that there was a report prevalent, that the de-
ceased was a native of Windsor, and had formed an ac-
quaintance with an officer during the encampment there,
and that he had prevailed on her to accompany him to
town, and effected her ruin, and then deserted her, which
led to the commission of suicide. A juror observed, that
she might have been thrown into the water; and the
bruises on her face seemed to indicate that she bad sof
fered violence; he thought the body should be examined
by a surgeon, and every exertion used to obtain further
evidence. This opinion being concurred in, the Inquest
was adjourned.
