MR. ENSOR'S LETTER-THE BATTLE OF THE

DIAMOND.
The extent to which the " wild justice" of the deluded
people is indebted for an example upon the part of Colonel
Verner's father, it were curious to speculate upon. Mr.
Ensor states, that on the 24th of June, 1797, James Ver-
ner, Esq., William Clarke, Esq., and Joseph Atkinson,
Esq., marched with their yeomanry to the house of John
Keegan, in the parish of Kilmore, and demanded from him
twenty stand of arms, which they said they heard he had in
his house. He declared that he had none, and therefore
could give none, on which burned his house ! They then
went to the cabin of James M'lvor, in the parish of Lough-
gall, and burned his house; thence to M'Nice's cabin, and
on a similar answer to a similar question, they burned his
house also ! Keegan, being a man of substance, brought
his action against Verner and the other incendiary magis-
trates, and obtained through an Armagh Jury a verdict
against them for 372/. 10s. The other sufferers, being
poor, did not venture a prosecution ; and it is hard to say
how many similar outrages were in the like cases eft unre -
venged. Well did Lord Gosford say that the spirit of im-
partial justice had for a time disappeared from the country,
the supineness of the magistrates of which (he added) was
a topic of conversation in every corner of the kingdom.
The activity of Verner and his friends in the case alluded
to badly wiped out the latter reproach.—Pilot.
TIPPERARY ELECTION.—The Mad, in its own choicest
Billingsgate, positively asserts that not one shilling of the ex-
penses of this election has yet been paid, and that the sub-
scriptions entered into to return Mr. Cave and Mr. Shiel
free of expense, amounting only to 400/., the payment of
the further sum for election expenses, computed at 4,600/.,
has been thrown upon the former gentleman by Mr. Shiel
—that he, Mr. Shiel (according to the Mail), " desiredhis conducting agent, Mr. Cahill, the Crown solicitor of the
county, to collect all the hills, amounting to above 5,0001.,
which he did, and forwarded them to the above-mentioned
candidate, who inclosed them and the 400/. to Mr. Cave,
with a very polite note, requesting him to ray the ,tuall
difference, as he, Mr. Shiel, considered he was entitled to
be returned free of cost." We need scarcely observe that
there is some misrepresentation, and more malignity, is this
statement.

A learned doctor, in a recent work on the climate,
&c., of London and its vicinity, recommends Gravesend as
a salubrious spot, and a clieeVid permanent residence for
invalids

The remains of mammalia have been found on the
plain of Cheshire. In the progress of cutting for the grand
junction railway two grinders of the elephant were dis-
covered in a bed of gravel replete with marine shells.
MRS. TROLLOPPE'S NEW NOVEL, " THE
'heait or WnExtuLt.."—ln this novel Mrs. Trolloppe has
taken the mock evangelists in hand, and given them what
punishment she could with her peculiar rod. We wish so
ill (that is so
well) to this class of persons, and are so firmly
persuaded of the beneficial effects of ridicule in 000 ling a
distemper which other applications have served rather to
inflame, that we must rejoice to see them in the hands of
any one who has a mind to try this remedy, and the power
to lay it on. By far the best bits in the book are the dia-
logues imitative of the evangelical slang, for Mrs. Trol-
lope in an excellent mimic. In these she makes us
ac-
quainted with some doctrines of the sect even exceeding in
absurdity anything we had conceived of them. We have
run to greater length in our notice of this work than %ve
had intended ; but thepopularity of the authoress will justify
us with our readers, This novel ought to produce a good
effect in heaping abhorrence on the heads of the blasphe-
mous compounds of stupidity and profanation so well de-
scribed in its pages.—Atlas.
r lIIE OLD CommoDoßE.—Everybody has heard
of the Old Commodore par excellence, he of whom it was
sung that—

" The bullets and the gout
Had so knock'd his hull about
That he'll.never more be fit for sea."
The latter days ashore of this tnugh veteran must no
doubt have been full of characteristic incident and humour ;
but the most striking part of such a man's career must
unquestionably have occurred in his early manhood afloat.
No subj,:ct can afford finer opportunities for the exercise of
the various powers of the novelist ; and, accordingly, the
highly-popular author of Rattlin the Reefer" has embo-
died it in a work of fiction, tinder the title of " The Old
Commodore,"

Pi?EENDAIi.I7 iNTOR7Is, AN” DIS

SEIC

(From the Christian RefoTiner for SeperrA44r4lB'37.)
irriage scripturally considered. A Sermon prAlcht-d ai
South Hackney, on g!,•;?..laji, July 2, 1837, on occasiw.
of the ,Vew Lazo of llfarriaje coming into operation.
11. 14. Norris, 1 .M , Rector of South Hackney,
and Prebend:ll-y of St. Ppnl's and Landaff. Bvc. 20 pp.

Rivington.
.
rt,.!bentlary Norris does not consider it ineartsistent is kit
his ceiling to insult the Protestant Dissenters, to endeav:elt•
by ins'nuation to make the Government odious, and to set
the law of the land at defiance. Were it not that the spec-
tacle of a eiegyman thus engaged in the pulpit is seriously
revolting, the reader might b© amused by his clerical conse-
quence, his mystical and semi-popish theology, and his prog-
nostications of all sorts of evil from the new Marriage Act,
The preacher is sometimes gross and scarcely decent in
his language.
He expatiates upon the " nuptial celebration" its Para-
dise, where " the ofliciatieg minister was God himself I"
He says, "the eternal Son of God descended from the
bosom of the Father, contracted His divinity with flesh and
blood, and married our nature !"
He comments with much self-satisfaction upon the words
of the Liturgy, relating to " the spiritual marriage be-
twixt Christ and his Church," put forth, be says, " on
the authority of St. Paul, the great mystagogue of Chris-
tianity !"
He represents the ancient people of God as "married
to Him" by circumcision !
He finds in the book of Ezra, a " spiritual court" for
the correction of such as married without the priest.
From the narrative of " Hannah, the wife of Elkanah,"
he learns that " the blessing cf the priest" (we here quote
the italics) " has something to do in the raising up a fa-
mily !" Nay, he cites the case of " Michel, the wife of
David," to show that without the priestly offices in marriage
there will be barrenness I The " armoury" of children "is
not procurable by a civil contract, it cometh only qf the
Lord l" But if there be children without the priest, they
will be curses and not blessings ! (P. 18.)
He concludes as be began—consistent in Christian
meekness, decorum of language, and priestly.loyalty :
" Let these impressive representations be pondered upon
with the solemnity to which the sacred source from whence
they are derived gives them so peremptory a demand; end
should (what God forbid I) a single instance brave the light
of day, anti affront the decencies of social life, of such an
abandonment to a reprobate mind as shall occasion holy
matrimony to be superseded by a coupling together which,
upon scriptural principles, can be regarded only as a le-
galised concubinage, and which our Liturgy, a part of the
law of the land, brands as likening these who enterprise it
' to brute beasts who have no understanding'—do you, my
beloved brethren, cast discountenance and reproach upon
it by every means in your power; do so, for your brethren
and companions sake, that the demoralising example may
not spread among us ; do so, for the sake of our common
Christianity, against which, by this enactment, a blow has
been struck of a nature so insidious and destructive, that
we are bound to give its framer: the advantage of our igno-
rance of the hearts of men, and in duty to them, to believe
that its tendencies, natural and necessary as they are, never
come under their deliberate contemplation!"—Pp. 18, 19.
This miserable rhapsody is fit only to be tied up with the
calumnies and scurrilities of one Gathercole, now a Priest
in the Church of England, who first " ate the bread" of
the Dissenters, but has since " lifted his heel against
them"—not however to their injury, but greatly to their
amusement.

DINNER TO THE MEMBERS FOR
NORTH DERBYSHIRE.

This dinner took place in the Promenade Room at the
large Hotel, Buxton-crescent, on Wednesday last. The
day was excessively uncomfortable and rainy ; but notwith-
standing that, a large party of Reformers assembled to
celebrate the triumph of Liberalism in the Northern Divi-
sion of our county.
After the usual toasts bad been drank, upon the Chair-
man proposing the health of the Members for North Der-
byshire, the Hon. G. Cavendish, and William Evans, Esq.,
Mr. Cavendish rose, and, according to the report of his
speech in the North Derbyshire Chronicle, addressed the
meeting to the following effect :
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, notwithstanding the
weariness attendant upon canvassing preparatory to a con-
tested election, and notwithstanding the toil and the anxiety
it imposes upon constituents as well as candidates, I have
never for a moment doubted that great good was to be de-
rived from such contests. A contested election always
brings both parties—the candidate and the constituents—
into closer connection with each other; it gives the candi-
date an opportunity of becoming more closely connected with
their wants, their wishes, and their habits ; it gives him an
opportunity of correcting many mis-statements, which it
only requires one word to set right ; and it leads to mutual
feelings of good will, which make a lasting bond between
the representative and the represented.—(Cheers.) It is
after a political contest that my Hon. Friend and myself
have derived these advantages; it is after your exertions,
that we are met this day to celebrate the victory ; and it is
to you, gentlemen, who, by your independent votes, gained
that battle, that I, as one of your Representatives, have to
return my most sincere thanks for the kind, cordial, and en-
thusiastic manner in which you have received the toast just •
proposed.—(Cheers.) If a battle won in spite of an as-
siduous canvass long set about by our opponents—in spite
of misrepresentation, coercion, and intimidation—if a battle
won under such disadvantages is a matter of congratula-
tion, then, I say, we have good cause to assemble and to
rejoice this day.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, where all have
exerted themselves so zealously, and where all have com-
bined to bring about this victory, it would be invidious in
me to mention names ; but there is one to whom I must
particularly allude—one whose absence this day I regret,
occasioned as it is by family misfortune and delicate health.
1 am sure you will agree with• me when I mention the
name of Mr. Gisborne._(Tremendous cheering.) I
never before saw such indefatigable exertions as he made
to bring abaut this victory, and that, too, when his heart
was faint with grief, and his body depressed with sickness.
—(Hear, hear.) I must also notice the exertions of
the Gentlemen who composed the Committees and Sub-
Committees who canvassed in the different parishes, with
such good effect. In addressing you this day, I do not
intend to go over the old ground, or to mention any
charges that have been made against my adversaries.
Every charge I had to make 1 brought against them at
the nomination ; those charges have remained unanswered
to this day.—(Cheers.) 1 am therefore entitled to say
my opponents could not contradict them.—(Cheers.) The
Hon. Gentlemen then took a review of the state of political
affairs in England, and particularly with reference to the
English counties, and concluded by assuring his constituents
that he should go to Parliament with a deep sense of his
responsibility, and walk consistently in the path be had al-
ways pursued.
Mr. Evarss was received with the same enthusiasm as
Mr. Cavendish. He said if all the constituencies, or a greater
part of them, bad acted as the Reformers of North Derby-
shire had done, his duty then in addressing them would be
chiefly to congratulate them for such a triumphant result,
and to look forward with dclight'to Ihe speedy carrying of
those important measures which are for the good of this
great empire. There had been much greater exertions on
the other side than on their own—not only in North Der-
byshire, but in counties generally ; and lie must say there
had been on the whole, a better organization—more
pains—a more effective Registration Society—a more
complete ramification of parties, not only at elections,
not only at the time of registration, but long before the re-
gistration or election took place. Their opponents had
also had a more expensive machinery at work in the
counties than the Liberals ; but he (Mr. Evans) re-
joiced to say, that an association had been formed in the
Northern Division of this county for the purpose of looking
after the registration. The state of things consequent
upon the late election, which had placed the Ministry in a
situation of having a majority smaller than they might have
anticipated, would throw great difficulties in the way or
the speedy passing of some of those great measures for
which they had been struggling. Although the majority
was not reckoned at more than a 7, he himself was not at
all desponding as to the present Ministry. Still, when
they (the Reformers) found that majority so small, it more
naturally inclined them to look at the trying situation of the
Liberal Government, and the jeopardy in which many im-
portant measures were placed ; and they would find there
was great cause fur sinking some minor differences, so that
Reformers of every degree might unite in keeping a Liberal
Government about the Queen. After some further re-
marks on our political relations he observed-4 will now
say a few words on the subject of slavery. No one bailed
with more delight the passing of that Bill than he did.
That Bill he believed was passed with perfect honesty of
intention, and with the expectation that it would effect its
object ; but the law of apprenticeship was most grossly
abused ; and he very much feared it was not true to say, that
slavery was abolished.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") That Act
was passed by the almost unaninious feeling of this coun-
try ; and he believed—he trusted—he sincerely hoped
that this country would not submit, after the compensation
it had given, to allow the barbarous system to be
perpetuated.—(Tremendous cheering.) He hoped this
country never would consent to have something nearly as
bad as slavery substituted in its place.—(Continued cheers.)
He did not say this as any attack on the Ministers. He
believed the apprenticeship clause was brought in by Lord
Stanley, who was persuaded by feeble arguments that the
measure would go down better in the colonies, and sooner
be passed. In some parts, however, slavery was totally
; abolished. If they looked at Antigua and the Bermudas,
t there they would find that nothing like slavery exists ; but

1

- tint education, civilization; and real enjos meat of freedom
I
ha i taken the place of slavery, In other isietais there were
mae;ers who have put neeroes on a telerably comfortable
rewire.. He world entreat them to real the reports of
i tiro to individuals who went over to India, and he then feared
the the conclusier they would drew would he very dieerent
• to that they coed it wish. He could net recerninend them,
under present circumstances, to petition ; but the wanted
• the whole of this great nation—he wanted them to sec
with their own ryes, and to wateli that question narrowly,
and to see that they attained the oh, eet which they desired,
' and for the obtaining of which they eserifieed twenty
millions of money.—(Loud cheers.) luforn.ation on this
subject might be obtained from stipendiary magistrates,
who had given up their situations because they could de
no goo :1 whatever. Mr. Evans then apologized for having
detained them so long on this sulject ; but it was very near
his heart, and he believed it was of the greatest imoortance
that the world should know that slavery still existed in their
colonies to a most frightful extent. He did net think any
question of so great importance, or any duty eo compelling
as to do justice to the colonies.—(Hear, hear.) In con-
clusion, he had only to express his desire, that the present
Government might be able to stand its ground—thee such
measures as they brought in would produce happiness, or-
der, prosperity, and peace to the empire ; and that he might
be able to perform his duty in such a manner as would give
satisfaction to them—(Loud and continued chee ing.) At
this stage of the proceedings Mr. Gisborne entered t .e room.
Upon Mr. GISBORNE'S health having been drunk, that
gentleman said—We are met here to celebrate a triumph ;
and if I look at what has taken place in SO many counties
in England, I find that we have cause to be pleased with the
victory.—( Hear.) I have a letter from an intelligent and
influential friend in London, in which he says that there are
but two counties in England that have done well ; those
are East Cumberland and North Derbyshire.—(Cheers.)
He is a man of great judgment, and he says that he bad
no idea we could have returned Mr. Evans. Seeing how
the counties have run, he did net expect it ; but he says
North Derbyshire and East Cumberland are the only two
that have done well. Looking at the exertion and the
barefaced modes of influence which were used in this
county, and of which I could convict the party under the
hand-writing of several of them, from which they could not
flinch—(and I wish they were here, that I might tax them
with it to their faces, and to their faces I will, if God gives
me strength)—l must say that ours has been a great
triumph.—(Cheers.) I think it is natural that with respect
to that triumph 110 one should feel more proud than I do ;
because I have stool by the Reform party in North Derby-
shire in a way that no other man, whatever hie station, in-
fluence, or talents, can ever do agaia.—(Cheers.) When I
first became acquainted with the Reformers of North Dere
byshire, they never had any power as a body, and had never
been called Upon to act together.—(Hear.) They were iso-
lated individuals, one person scarcely knowing of his neigh-
hour's existence as a Reformer. The Reform interest was
not only disunited, but divided ; and with respect to that,
I will only say, thet the coeduct I pursued subjected me to
sonic misrepresentation, but it was subsequently borne out
by events.—(Cheers.) I brought the Reformers together,
and could mention individuals in this room who were not
known as politicians ; but with some exertion and perse-
verance, and with kind forbearance and assistance, we have
been brought to act in unison.—(Cheery.) We have been
bound in a party who have lately shown our strength and
our power ; and I think I may be proud in saying, that I
have been a focus around which that party bets converged.
—(Continued cheers.) The gentleman who so kindly pro-
posed my health, has relieved me in some way from the
subject of leaving the representation of the county. I say
left the representation, because I don't doubt for one single
moment, that if I had again come forward you would have
returned me.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, in the session of
1836 I !ost a valued and confidential agent in Manehestei.
I went up to Parliament, and found that there was a great
deal of private parliamentary business threaten into my
Lends. My health gave way, and I was under the neces-
sity, in consequence of ill health and the death of my agent,
of frequently repairing to the country. I did at that time
—I own it was behind your backs—endeavour to discover
whether a second satisfectory candidate could be brought
forward ; and I did it with the view of accepting the
Chiltern Hundreds, and giving up the representation.
I failed at that time in succeeding, and the resolution
I took was to diseueumher me of my private business.
Consequently I made arrangements to dispose of a consi-
derable part of my business. I do not complain of this
sacrifice, because it has been serviceable to we since. I did
i. with a view of attendieg better to my duties in Parlia-
ment ; I did it with a view and determination to devote
myself tally to the services of my country.—(Cheers.) My
health still continued to fail, and I found I could not
long continue to represent the county. At the same
time I made a pledge that I would not leave the county
without a second satisfeetory candidate to represent you.
My friend, Mr. Evans, knew that I was pledged to
stand ; he knew that I would not flinch, and that my
health was suffering from exertion ; and I believe his
only hope was to relieve me from my duties.—(Con-
tinued cheers.) Having succeeded in securing Mr.
Evans, I felt the reatest possible weight removed off my
mied. I never doubted that the Reformers of North Der-
byshire would accept Mr. Evans ; and I feel confident the
longer the Reformers of North Derbyshire are acquainted
with him, the more satisfied they will bc.—(Cheers.) Well,
gentlemen, I then felt that without any dereliction of
duty—without the forfeiture of any pledge—l was then
privileged to retire to that privacy which my health re-
quired. If I had been compelled to fulfil the pledge I
gave, it would have been unfortunate for me, in conse-
quence of my health, and unfortunate for you ; for if
Mr. Evans had not come forward I should now have been
your very inadequate Represeraative. I thought it my
duty to name these particulers, every word of which is in
accordance with the facts of the case. Gentlemen, 1 feel
my strength failing me ; but the continued kind receptien
which you have nivel, me when, if I may so speak, you
can have no more work out of me—the feelings with
which you have received ine I assure you 1 meet with full
reciprocity.—(Chi era.) I never can forget the kindness,
the indulgence which I have met, with you at your hands.
Having said a word or two respecting my Ilon. Friend
(Mr. Evans), I wish to say a few words about my former
Hon. Colleague and Fmicnd (Mr. Cavendish). We have
been thrown more together during this contest than we had
been before, and I believe it has happened to us (which is
usually the case with men who arc honest in their views)
that we have increased in mutual good-will, and it has en-
aided me to form a much larger estimate of his abilities.
—(Cheers.) I am certain from what I have seen of may
Hon. Friend that he is very likely to become a public
speaker of great iibilit e. Gentlemen, you knew that I
have been ix %cry unwilling coevert to the B dint. I own I
hate the idea of it. I like to gise my vote openly for Ca-
vendish and Evans. I wish every elector was in the same
situation as I am—(Cheers)—and then, if a man men-
tioned the Ballot to me, I %%mild say he was the shallowest
and weakest of reasoners. The only doubt I have on the
subject now is of the means of effecting it. When Mr.Grote brought in the Ballot, I voted fin- its introduction
because I thought the machinery would be exposed. But.
having examined the details, when Mr. Grote moved the
second reading, I moved the previous question ; because,
as I then said, son must first convince me that it will he
beneresial. 1 will become a con, ert to the necessity of
the B diet, in case it can be shown to me how you can
make it an effectual security. I would leave the snls-
jeet with your representatives, and the facts which have
passed before their cycs I would leave to work on their
minds. When they have weighed every thing that has
fallen under their observation, 1 sleuth not they will
come to a just conclusion—l am sure they will come to
an honest one ; and when they agree with me on general
points, I will not quarrel with them because they differ with
me on one. It. conclusion, Mr. Gisborne said, after seven
years of parliamentary activity, I retire without having
sought or gained any emolument or personal interest for
myself or try faiuily.—(Cheers.) It is enough for use that
I have represented your interests faithfully—it is enough
far me that you retain a kind recollection of my imperfect
services. [Mr. Gisborne, who appeared quite exhausted,
;at down amidst the most deafening plaudits, which were
epic) renewed, and re-renewed for several mt-
nreunteewds.e
'The hoil. gentleman shortly afterwards took his
who clapped their bands on his re-
tiring leave;
fromof th e
the
h company,
Lord Lieutenant was acknowledged by
room.)
The health 0 f the
the Hon. Mr. aiT ndish. Several other toasts were also
C
done honour to.
The Chairman then vacated ti.: chair, and three cheers
were given for the members as they it: the room, which
was about half-past eight o'clock.

1

NEW MARRIAGE ACT.—It may not be generally
known that the custom of publishing the banns of mar•
ringe in the Church is no longer compulsory; in lieu of
which, one of the parties intended to be married, must
apply at the Superintendent Registrar's office to have their
names entered in a book, called " the marriage notice book,"
and after the expiration of twenty-one days, can obtain a
certificate from the Superintendent Registrar, authorizing
the marriage, provided no lawful impediment can be shown •—;,
frstr
to his satisfaction why it should not issue. kylvottapaq:Ct
Clergyman is bound to soleinniv2 marriages up .e.:
~.4.ew.
duction of such certificate, in like manner as ae PA g*lit\l'
lication of banns ; and the Church wherein ir.-yOittti:„,,:. '......10py_.,
according to tho rites of the Church of Englapd,,,eUlt 4: - ,i16.-•-.0.1. g1;.:.)1
solemnized, may be any Church within the diitrict.74f‘ilia,4' 1.14:1vi
Superintendeat Registrar by whom such certlfieecofir ,1:5,:if,... ,'
granted. The fees are Is. for entering the partictilart iriAtil—m, va, ...
marriage notice book, and Is. for the Superintendent Ret& ',lk.
trees certificate. The Registrar's attendance is not re.
quired at marriages solemnized at Church.

SPIRIT

F THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The Times, with ludicrous gravity, asks of Lord
Morpeth—" Does lie venture to allege than any civil
discord, religious difference, or bitter animosit; on the
part of Irish Protestants towards the Papists has ever
broken out in such proceedings as extensive conspi-
racy, general massacre, bloody rebellion, and open •
defiance of the laws ?" As the Protestants had the
monopoly of both making and executing the laws, it is
not very easy to see why they should have engaged in
a " bloody rebellion and open defiance of the laws."
The slave-owners of the Carolinas and Georgia, who
have the monopoly of making and executing the
laws against their negroes, do not engage in
" Lloodv rebellion and opcn desance of the
laws," though, like the Irish ascendancy of
former days, not even satisfied %N. i h the laws,
though made by themselves and in their own
favour, they only observe them when convenient.
History is full of conspiracies, but there is no
instance of a tyrant conspiring against himself. Ma-
chiavel, who treats of every possible ground for con-
spiracy, never dreamt of mesa who had power in their
own hands conspiring to overturn it, The law laid the
Catholic prostrate at the feet of the Protestant, and
the former felt that he existed in the land of his birth by
sufferance rather than by right. He knew the law only
as an•instrument of grinding oppression, for which it
could always be invoked for punishment—it was power-
less to protect him. A Catholic durst not show his
face in places frequented by Protestants in the north
of Ireland thirty years ago ; his approach was the sig-
nal for insult. The Protestants did not need to en-
gage in an open defiance of the laws, but they did
not allow to the poor Catholics the benefit of the
laws such as they were ; for " wrecking," that is the
destroying the houses of Catholics, was an every-
day work. In the county of Armagh a determi-
natton was formed by the Orangemen to pursue the
Catholics with relentless fury, so that bloodshed and
robbery might at length drive them in their despair
from the land of their birth. Many thousands of
them fled for refuge to Scotland, and the Armagh suf-
ferers, who were kindly received in Glasgow and the
towns in its neighbourhood, founded tile Irish colony,
now so numerous, in the west of Scotland. The Ca-
tholics of France did not conspire against the revoca-
tion of the Edict of Nantz, which delivered over the
Protestants to their tender mercies, any more than the
Protestant ascendancy conspired against the Revolu-
tion of 1688, which created their power. It was the
Jacobites who rebelled in 1715 and 1745, and not the
adherents of the House of Hanover. The slaves
in Algiers used occasionally to rebel against their
masters ; but the masters, on reducing their re-
fractory slaves to order, were generally satisfied
with impaling a certain number, and flogging and
bastinadoing the remainder. So much for the
miracle of the Times. The fetters of the Catholic
have been broken, the law no longer enthrals him, it
proclaims him in every respect the equal of the Pro-
testant. What then do the Tories want ? Do they
wish, the law to remain a dead letter ? Do they wish
to re-enact the penal laws ? What are 4C to infer from
the following passage in the Times
:
Lord iNlorpetb, albeit not the wisest of Statesmen, has
at least sense and Whiggery enough to be satisfied that the
last 60 years have presented a series of indefatigable efforts
on the part of the Irish Papists, or of a large and prepon-
derating portion of them, to intimidate the Legislature
into such changes of the law ; or—if that should
fail—to produce by force such changes, in defiance of toe
law, as must altogether overturn the relations between
protestant and Papist established by the Revolution of
1688---that is to say, transfer the Sovereignty of Ire-
land from the Protestant English to the native priestly
and anti-English power. The successive attempts for this
one paramount purpose have been adapted, with more or
less skill and cunning, to the circumstances under which
they were made. When England was strong and prosper-
ous, appeals were tendered to her compassion, with solemn
assurances of every favour being received with gratitude
and fulness of contentment by the Papists ; when England
showed symptoms of weakness or distress, the method of
working upon her was by threats or open violence. Eng-
land, proud in her conscious greatness, but credulous in pro-
portion as she is honest, has from time to time, so far as
civil rights were concerned, raised the Irish Papist from the
earth, and placed him on an entire level with the best and
noblest of her own children. But the lessons which Euro-
pean history, confirmed by the experience of the 17th cen-
tury at horns, ought to have impressed in iron characters on
the recollection of English Statesmen, were forgotten."
Well, England, proud in her conscious greatness,
has from time to time, so far as civil rights were con-
cerned, raised the Papist from the earth and placed
him on an entire level with the best and noblest of her
own children. And the Irish Catholics are only exer-
cising the rights of which they have been put in pos-
session. The best return they can make to England is
to show how much they value their rights, by the zeal
with which they exercise them. When they were
slaves, when every brute of the ascendancy could
trample on them with impunity, when the law was their
enemy, it was exclusively administered by men still more
hostile to them than the law, they conspired, they rebel-
led, they wished to shake off theyoke. Having at length
achieved the victory of which they have cause to be
proud, that placed them on a level with Protestants,
they have no longer a motive for rebelling against the
law—they are satisfied with its fair and impartial ad-
ministre tion. The only intelligible complaints of the
Protestant ascendancy are, that the Government exe-
cutes the law in its true spirit, determined that reli-
gious creed shall no longer he a screen for injustice and
oppression, and that as all Irishmen are equal in the
eyes of the law, the men who are entrusted with its
administration shall not use their authority to perpe-
tuate feuds and animosities that had their origin
in a state of things which has no longer a legal'
existence. The Legislature, by placing Catholics
and Protestants on an equality, in effect declared
that the past should be for2,ottcn. The Emanci-
pation Act amounted to a full and entire amnesty.
Where are we to stop, if we are to ransack the
past for causes of present animosity ? We, for our
pact, look on the past history of Ireland neither through
the spectacles of Mr. O'Connell nor those of the
Orangemen. The misgovernment of Ireland for seven
centuries is a proof of English weakness rather than
of English injustice. The misfortunes of Ireland arc
chiefly traceable to the inability of the Government to
make a thorough conquest of the country, and to the
consequent separation of English and Irish races, and
.constant collisions and feuds between them. The Re-
formation added to the causes of strife, and the ex-
tinction of Tyrone's rebellion established for the first
time the supremacy of the law over all Ireland; but
the law itself, being founded in injustice, operated as a
bar to its efficacy. The law of 1829 for the first
time gave all Irishmen an interest in the support
of order. That law will enable the Irish to work
out their final admission to an equality with
Englishmen and Scotchinen in all the remaining
advantages in the way of privilege which the
latter still possess. To abuse the Catholics on account
of their religion, to declaim against their priests, was
air intelligible course of proceeding when it was neces-
sary to seek for pretexts to justify the refusal of Emati-
eiPAtion. But if the Catholic religion be bad, and the
spirit of the priests be worse, the language of abuse
may exasperate, but cannot amend. The politician
who seeks to provoke the Catholics through abuse of
their religion, is throwing wa
his indignation except
he proposes to undo whatahSy hee
the penal node, and t n done, to re-tnact
of law. the Q aubstitute for the government
gove.inrnent of the sword. Wise and
prutleht inert would need to pause before they embark
In the flipport of such a policy. .The present Go-
vetni-nent give honest effect to
the law. The Tories
are either idiots, or they contemplate the baptizing
the Catholics with blood. There is no middle
course. The Catholics are satisfied with beingnow
within the pale of the law. e Tories sk to
enslave them, and conceive the mad project ofee invol-
ving England in all the consequences of an attempt to
re•snact the penal code. If we are unjust to the To-
ries, they are unjust to themselyes ; for why do they
encourage their organs to hold language which can
mean only war to the Catholics ? Never did a faction
evince such consummate wickedness and folly as the
Tories do, if the Time: be a faithful interpreter of
theiropioions. The invectives against Lords Mul-
grave and Morpeth are utterly irreconcileable with the
idea of an equal and impartial administration of jus-
tice between Catholic and Protestant, and the preser-
vation of peace and tran :- • removal of
