NORTHAMPTONSHIRE ELECTION FOR

THE NORTHERN DIVISION.

On Saturday last, the election for a Member to repre-
sent this Division, took place at Kettering, the late Lord
Milton, who was returned in December last, being
elevated to the Peerage, on the death of his father,
Earl Fitztvilliam. There had been various rumours that
a Tory candidate would be brought forward, but it ulti-
mately proved that no one was confident enough to put
himself in opposition to the spirit of Reform, which has
la'ely gained ground so fast in this neighbourhood, or to
come in contact with that veneration and esteem which is
felt towards the Flizwilliam family. At eleven o'clock,
the young Lord Milton, who had been solicited by
1125 freeholders to come forward, appeared upon the
Itustims, when the High Sheriff, Wm. Rose Ruse, Esq.,
proceeded to the business of the day.
Wm. HANBURY, Esq., one of the candidates at the
late election, in a brief speech, proposed Lord Viscount
Milton, as a fit and proper person to represent this Divi-
tion in Parliament.

CHARLES HILL, Esq., in seconding the nomination,
said that the bonourabl. feeling which had been displayed
by the young Nobleman who was now proposed to their
notice, during the late arduous cantest, was such as had
not only gained for him the esteem of his friends, but it
hid also made a favourable impression on the minds of
his opponents ; and this circumstance, he conceived, was
sufficient to justify that confidence which th.y were about
to repose in one who did not come recommend-d to them
by years or by experience—a confidence in the future
prospect of the Noble Lord's pursuing the same line of
conduct which had so strongly recommended his revered
father to the freeholders of this county. The principles
`which the Noble Lord espoused, and which he would
always support, were those which his father had main-
tained when the freeholders of this county called upon
km to support their rights; add, as a proof of the goad
effects of those principles, Kettering had one hundred
end seven voters, whereas it formrrly had but two.
(Cheen.) lie begged, therefore, to second the nomination
of Lord Viscount Milton:

The HlGit SHERIFF then asked if any gentleman in-
tended to propose annther candidate, but there appearing
no opposition, his Lordship was declared duly elected.
Lord MILTON, in commencing big address, expressed
the pleasure he felt that nothing was likely to take place
calculated to ruffle that good humour which he could see
prevailing around him ; and, at the same time, although
no contest had taken place, he could not heir expressing the
gratification he experienced, when on a late occasion he
was called upon to express his political opinions, to per.
ceive that however disposed many persons might be to
oppose his sentiments, still that opposition was never
tinged with the slightest feeling of ill-nature.—(Cheers.)
It was true, that in coming forward at this time, lie did not
possess the advantage of years, but still he bad had the op-
portunity of imbibing his sentiments among men who,
having formed their opinions after much expel ience, were
best calculated to improve those of himself. They all
knew the political sentiments which had always actuated
the conduct of his family; and, having divested himself
of every prjudice, it would rather be his study to adopt
those opinions, than (if he might be allnwed the expres-
sion) throwing the principles of his forefathers into the
fire, form a set of new ones IT hiniself.—(Loutl cheers.)
In adopting those opinions, however, be could positive y
assert, that it any portion of thetn should milirate against
the happiness of the pe pie of Engl.nd, he would take
the pruning knife and cut them down —(Cheers.) Hr
wowd, however, state to them the grounds up,m which
his future political career should he based, and the great
principle of civil and religious liberty, to give that happi-
ness to those who had hitherto been deprived of it. He did
not mean merely the extension of that privilege amongst
individuals who have already enjoyed it ; but also to con-
fer it on those on whom the Sun of Liberty had never
yet shed its beams.—(Cheers.) He would not, at this
time, go into the details of the question, but lie believed
that measures would speedily be brought forward to ex-
tend the blessings oflitierty to those who were now dragging
on the galling yoke of slavery. His Lordship briefly no-
ticed the Nish Bill, and then concluded his speech amid
the loudest acclamations.

About 150 friends of his Lordship dined with him at
the White Hart Inn, in the afternoon, and the evening
passed off with the greatest hilarity.

NAVAL COURTMARTIAL.

(From the Devonport Telegraph.)

A Courtinartial, of which Admiral Sir Manly Dixon,
K.C.8., was President, and Captain Curry, C. 8., Cap-
tain Ross, C. 8., Commanders Oliver and Austin; mem-
bers, assembled on Thursday last, en board his Majesty's
ship San Josef, 120, for the trial of Lieutenant Cam,..
bell, of his Majesty's ship Comas, 18, on the following
charges, preferred by his commanding officer, Commander
Wm. Price Hamilton, for havinff on the 27th ult. die-
obey-d the orders of Lieutenant Thomas Peter Dobree, his
superior officer, in not returning on board to his leave, he
being on shore when he was aware of the sloop going out
of Barbour.

Lew. T. P. Dobree deposed, that he bad given Lieu-
tenant Campbell leave to go on shore on the 26th,
but told him that he must be on board by sun-set
that evening, or by sun-rise next morning, hut not be!ween
that period. Lieutenant Campbell having inquired what
was meant by sun-set and sun-rise, he (Lieut. Dobree)
said, six o'clock in the evening and six o'clock in the morn-
ing. He distinctly ordered Lieutenant Campbell to be on
board by six o'clock, and his reasons for doing so were,
the officers would be wanted to attend getting the ship
under-way early in the morning. Lieutenant Campbell
did not return in compliance with the orders. The ship
quilled the harbour ten minutes before eight o'clock ; he
was not on board by that time. Lieutenant Campbell
returned on board about nine o'clock in the evening of
the 27th.

In reply to a question from the prisoner's counsel, whether
he was certain nothing was said by Lieut. Campbell about
eight o'clock, the witness said be believed there was not.
Mr. King, the master, was then examined, He heard
a conversation between Lieutenant Dobree and Lieutenant
Campbell—heard Lieutenant Dobree say, you have per-
mission to go on shore, hut you must not come alongside
between sun-set and day-light ; and, on Lieutenant Camp-
bell asking, what do you consider to be day-light, Lieu-
tenant Dobree said, I Relieve six in tie morning.
By the Court—Did ycu believe the conversation to
amount to an order for Lieutenant Campbell to return at
six in the morning?.—lf it had been spoken to myself, I
should have considered it an order to return at day-light,
and not between sun-set ar.d sun-rise, on account of the
preparations made to get the ship out of harbour.
Counsellor BIRD, who was with Mr. EDWA RDS, soli-
citor for the defence, said that the prisoner had acted en-
tirely under the impression that his leave extended to
eight o'clock; at which hour he would have been on board,
hid not the ship left her moorings.
A strong sympathy was excited in the prisoner's favour,
but, as he had no evidence to offer. the Court adjudged
that he should be severely reprimanded.

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

(From the Oxford Journal of Saturday.)

OXFORD, MARCH 9.—ln a Convocation, holden on
Thursday last, the nornina,ion of the billowing gentlemen
to be putilic examiners was approved, viz., the Rev. Au-
gustus Short, M.A., S,udent of Christ Church, in Literis
Hiimatiorititis; and the Rev. Anhui' Neate, M.A., of
Trinity, in Disciplinis Mithematicis et Physicis.
In a Congregaiion, holden the same day, the following
degrees were conferred
MASTERS OF ARTS.—Rev. Town‘hend Brooke, Brase-
nose ; Rev. Alfred Daniel, Exeter.
BACHELORS OF ARTS.—Thomas Prow,e Lethbridge,
Christ Chinch ; Frederick William Charles Whalley,
Christ Church.

(From the Cambridge chronicle.

The undermentioned gentlemen were ordained by the
Lord Bishop of Lincoln at Buckden, on Sunday last, the
3d instant :

DEACONS.—Thomas William Carr, 8.A., Merton
Coll. Oxford ; Tru mas Phipps Amian Chatomievs, 8.A.,
Merton Coll. Oxford ; John Durban, 8.A., Queen's
College, Cambridge; Arthur Gore Pemberton, M
Ti ifilty College, Dubin ; Jose..b Underwood Ventris,
8.A., Sr. John's College, Cambridge; West Wayet,
B. A., Queen's Coll.ge, Oxford ; William Whall, 8.A.,
Emmanuel Colle,ae, Cambridge; James Jubilee Reynolds.
B. A. , Queen's College, Carob, idge, by Lett. Dim, from
the Bishop of Norwich ; C„lom„n Smith, M.A., St.
John's College, Cambridge, t y Lett. Dim, from the
Bishop of Ely.
PRIESTS.—G Cheere, M.A., Queen's College, Cam.
bridge ; J. L. Galton, 8.A., St. Edmund HAI, Ox-
ford ; J. Garwood, 8.A., Magdalen Hall, Oxford ;
R. Haworth, 8.A., Queen's College, Cambridge; H.
Hutton, B.A. Wadhain College, Oxford ; J. Alm-shall
Jackson, 8.A., . Lincoln College, Oxford ; N. Jones,
8.A., Catherine Hal, Cambridge ; J. Prosser, 8.A.,
Catherine Hall, Cambridge ; H. S. Richmond, 8.A.,
Queen's College, C mbridge ; W. S. Rowe, 8.A.,
Queen's College, Cambridge; J. W. Thomas, 8.A., Merton
College, Oxford ; J. Wilson, 8.A., Pembroke College,

Cambridge ; W. A. Bathurst, 8.A., Wadham College,
Oxford, by Lett. Dim. from the Bishop of Norwich.
On Monday last the Norrisian Prize Essay was adjudged
to Thos. Myers, 8.A., Trinity College. Subject—" The
illtent and one of the Gift of Tongues in the Christian
Dispensation." _

The congregation intended to have been held on Wed-
nesday last dropped, there not being the requisite number
of Members assembled.
PREFERMENTS. —Rev. W. Whall, 8.A., of Emmanuel
College, to the Rectory of Thorning, Huntingdonshire.
Rev. T. L. J. Sunderland, 8.A., of Caius College, to tl e
Vicarage of Tilsworth, Bedfordshire. Rev. J. C. Russell,
Curate of New Romney, to the Vicarage of New Romney,
Kent. Rev. T. D. Atkinson, M.A., to the Rectory of
East Wretham, Norfolk. Rev. W. H Marsh, the younger,
to the Rectory of Lammas with Little Hautbois annexed,
Norfolk ; Rev. J. Spurgeon, 8.A., to the Vicarage and
parish Church of Giest, Norfolk; Roy. E. Eyre, 8.A.,
to the Rectory and parish Church of Cranwicb, with the
Vicarage of Methwold annexed, Norfolk.
The Bishop of Lincoln's next ordinatio❑ will be held at
Buckden on Trinity Sunday, June 2.
