PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

. The following gratifying statements are taken
from The Birmingham Chronicle of the Ist inst.
We have never more pleasure than when,we
can speak of matters connected with the well-
being and good conduct ot the LABOURING CLASSES.
We are proud that we have not fallen into that.
silly, anti (we may add) vulgar error—that ttte
great MOS of the people are infected with the
poison of irreligious and treasonable opinions.
No man' who has looked around him, with his
eyes open, will say that, it the population of Great
Britain were poili,d on the question, the majority
would'be with the MALCONTRNTS. The farmers'
labourers are, almost to a man, on the side of
GOVERNMENT. The mechanical workmen are,
for obvious reasons, most infected by the (toot ines
wlikh have been so industriously and so widely
spread' amongst them. Yet, it that el.iss kvere
nuurbered, under the. roll of discferted or loyal,
we• are yerstonled .the Friends of Order- would
havethe balance in their favour. And a distinc-
tion isl to be made as to this class, between the
dissatisfied anti the disaffected It has been among
the arts of. the Malcontent Lenders to convert
into rebels -the. merely dissatisfied as tati.ch as its
;hem lay ; but in. the mean time, and at all events,
to ►epresent all as belonging to the, rebel host.
EXAMPLE has wondet IA influence, and they have
cunning- enough to seize upon this ; and thus have
imposed upon thousands of their hearers the be-
lief that all of their class are disaffected. That
they lie, is directly proved, among many other
instances, by the conduct ot the COVENTRY kVaAs.
VERS, and the LEICRITER FRAME-WORK KNITTERS.
We have stated that ot the first of these ; and
now we .have to say, the Leicester Frame•work
Knitters have behaved, in their applications to
their employers, and in search of food„ with the
same good sense and good intention. Toe result
has been, :bet the masters have granted their rea-
sonable requests, and tranquillity, anti not arrayed
rebellion, reigns in Leicester. We cannot pass by
this occasion to speak, as is merited, of the con-
duct of the MASTERS in both towns. They rea-
dily acceded to the prices which circumstanct s
at least had made necessary to the men, whose
present wants were also relieved Oa both places)
by unexampled liberality of donations knad sob-
scriptions is thus that the labouting classea
and their employers should ever deal with each
other. The obligation of good-will and servictat
is mutual ; and the necessity for mutual good-wtill
and services is equally great on each side. They
are friends by circumstances; let them he wholly
such in mind and feeling." •

* Those of Coventry, ..ollected there, amoonr to mote
than ON-s: THOUSANDS POUNDS: and a subscription in Lon-
don (for the same uses) iS rsprsted to amount to One irtlCti.•
sand Pounds ruOre. • •

FOR THE SUN.

PARIS, AU6.25, tsl9.

i'TR. EntTon—Yon hare so candidly inserted
the communicitions of a Correspondent, whose
opinions are not 'min's, that I am thoroughly

assured of ynnr Hot rejecting mine, though per-
haps na little arennlAnt in some points. My

powers of judging., and the warmth of my pre-
judices (:is you may term them) are equally known
to you :—be it then ju:lgment or prejudice, ac•
eept the fruit of my obsereation,.
For the sake of tranquillity, I rejoice to see the
King's health in so good a state. Louts appears
to me five years younger, and by five years a better
life, than he did this time twelvemonth. lie is
not so bloated in limbs or face, and he moves
with more ease. If calculations upon his death
would make him die, he bad been a dead man
long ere this.:—but the calculations on his life
have, I suppose, equal effect ; and so, between
the hopes and fears of either patty, his health finds
its balance. I have seen him for the last fortnight
almost every day—one or other of the Marshals
generally accompanying him in his progress
through the Ci,y—t he English universally
saluting him with their hats—a few of the French,
and but few, sliming his Majesty the same
respect. •

I am thoroughly persuaded that Louts's life is
the main spring of the Stare clock—at present.—
Should he live ten years longer, his demise would
not perhaps be cf so much importance :—by that
time, a little of the exasperation which now
ferments in so many Minds will have worked off,
and the Monarchy will have acquired by the lapse
of years something of that habit which had, al-
most legitimatized the usurpation. Fickle as the
French appear, they are really the slaves of habit :
and even the Child of their Revolution was glad
to dress out his purple in the trimmings of legiti-
macy. You remember bow he described the
Boutiaorgs as strangers, while he affected to stile
himself a Frenchman.
It is not, however, from love to NAP'OLZON, or
dislike to Lours, that any convulsion will at any
time occur in France. Should that ever happen,
its motive will originate in pride, and shame, and
resentment. The French Nation will not, and
cannot, forgive their humiliations : and a change
of Government will be induced, not for internal
purposes, but for the recovery of their-lost glory
from their Conquerors. I really do not believe
there is one Frenchman but who cherishes with
pride the recollection of the republican and
im-
perial triumphs :--give 'him the same under the
.Monarchy, and he • will be a staunch Royalist—
hut nerer till then—a'contingency which is, I
trust, very remote. In short, the French sigh
after nothing but victory, and resent nothing but
defeat. After having tasted the profits of the one,
and the losses of the other, they would care little
for Constitutions or Charters, if they had but
their spoliations replaced to them. Give t: em
plunder and' glory—Consul, Emperor, or King,
internal freedom or internal slavery, would be to
them alike indifferent.

Why, my dear Sir, the walls of the Boulevards
are covered with pictures of their'Revolutionary
Chiefs. and Revolutionary Victories. They tri-
umph in those exertions that kept their King in
exile, yet affect to love him, and even to identity
his Throne with those exertions. Reconcile such

inconsistency be who can ; I am not ingenious

enough for it.

Yesterday and to-day nothing but bustle. This
is the Fete of St. Louis, you know, and every
body is out, Whom the dreadful heat does not
keep within doors. We have White Flags flying
over the doors of the Hotels and of the Royal
Tradesmen, and to-night the People are to have
wine and refreshment at the Royal cost. Every
body, therefore, is very merry and very loyal—
as much so as every body was six years ago, when
the same Festival was adroitly transferred to
Saint Napoleon. Aye, give the French glory
abroad, and they will ask nothing beyond Panem
et Circenses at home. Last night the Garden of
the Tuilleries were illuminated, as also the front
of t he Palace,—if, indeed, that can be called an il-
lumination which is any night exceeded by the
gas lamps of any one of our streets. Loyal tunes
were played too, which a fete of !he vast multi-
tude, and those few immediately under the win-
dows, applauded.
It is really very comical to me, while walking
tipon the thin crust of a vuleans, to see the pious
horror with whit! our Manchester proceeeings
ate contemplated here. 00e would suppose that
the French never in their lives saw or even

though., a disturbance so shocked and so sur-
prised are they at events which, compared with
their acts, are, indeed, a V to Ossa 1 You can-
.llot imagine how this delicate abomination amuses

ire.

Nevertheless, it is a matter of no small triumph

THE s
OJT. II

110LEm guts DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
SiTUI?DAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1819.

We received thil morning the Paris Papers of
Wed►►esday last. The illonileta contains a Royal
Ordonnance, appointing four Physicians Cheva-
liers of the Royal Order of the Legion of flo•
❑our. The following are extracts :
" PARIS, Sep-14..1.-111e King yesterday trans-
acted business with the Minister tor Foreign Af-
fairs, and took an airing to Vincennes.
" The Countess of Gothland (Queen of Swe-
den) remains at Frankfort, where she maintains
the strictest incognito; She resides in a private
house, near that of her Sister, Madame Joseph
Buonaparte, whose health is entirely re-estab-
lished.

" The Duke de Richlieu set out on Monday for

Spa.

Sir James Cranford's cause for defamation
came on yesterday before the Tribunal of Muni-
cipal Police. His Advocate, M. Berryer, jun.,
rause(' to conduct his cause, and Sir dames re-
fused to have an Advocate nominated by the
Court. After some dispute he quitted the Court.
Witnesses were in the mean time examined as to
the facts, who stated, that Sir James, when his
uncle was dangerously ill, .last December, endea-
voured to enter his house by force, orders having
been given not to admit him. The cause was
adjourned till the 7th instant. •

FIVE PER CENTS.

Tuesday 72 f. 20C..

DEFERRED STOCK.
Of the 9.2 d March, 1817, 91 f. 45 c.
22(1 Sept. 1817,
824 March. 1818,
22d Sept. 1818,
22d March, 1819, B3 f. 40 c.

" MUNICH, AUG. 22.—The principal results
of the Congress of Ministers at Carlsbad will be,
it is said, measures respecting the Universities,
and relative to the abuses of the Press.

PRTERSBURGH, AUG. Emperor is ex-
peered here early in September.

" PRAGua, AUG. 11.—The 2Gth ult, one of
the towers of the Cathedral was struck by light-
ning, and entirely destroyed ; the roofs of the ad-
joining houses were much damdged by the fall
from it of masses of stones and masonry.
" 11Amnutton, AUG. 24.—The report of a ge-
neral massacre of the Jews at Brunswick is not
confirmed.
" Skirmishes with the Jews are renewed here
every evening; if any of them shew themselves
on the public promenades, or in frequented coffee-
houses, it is difficult to appease the commotion
that ensues.

•
" STUTOARD, AUG. 25.--Yesterday, at two in
Ihe afternoon, the marriage of the Archduke Pa-
letine with the Princess Maria of Wurtemberg was
celebrated in the presence of the King, and of se-
veral foreign Princes and Princesses.
" According to the last accounts from Carls-
bad. the Ministers were still there, but the Con-
gress was expected to be soon dissolved.
" Since the Congress of Aix•la-Chapelle, up-
wards of 40 political Journals have been started
in Germany.
" DRESDEN, AUG. 20.—The marriage of the
King a Spain with the Princess Josephine of
Saxony will be announced at Court on Sunday,
and will be celebrated by procuration on the 28'h
instant. •

" MUNICH', AUG. 25.—A report of a very se-
rious tumult at Prague bas excited a great salsa-

dun. It is sail that sever4l hundred petSOTI3 Ise 1
been killed by the troops, but the rumour is sup-
posed to be either false, or the details much
exaggerated.

" New disturbangs have broken out amongst
the Janissaries at Constantinople, which Were not
quelled without much difficulty. The Captain
Paella was dismissed and banished to Smyrna.“

American Papers have arrived this morning to
the 11th August..

(From The New York, Commercial _iduertiser of the sth.)

LATEST FROM 431.: ENOS AYRES.—The Armistice
which had been entered into.with the Govern.
ment of .Buenos Ayres and ARTIGAS, had been re-
Dewed for 3 weeks, on account of the absence
of A RTIGAS, be having, as it is said, penetrated
into the Brazil Territory with the troops, whet e
Ire had a nun,`.►er of skirmishes, in all of
which he proved victorious. It will be perceived
by Lord CocunANg's Decree, that the blockade of
Peru is without limitation, no time being allow,
ed for the different nations to become-acquainted,
and that although an Admiral of the fleet of a
Republic, he is still a Lord. His force, though
respectable for the state to which he belongs, to
which may be added the New York frigate Cu-
rasco, which has gone round to join hint, so that
we shall now see how his friends the Britisi► re-
lish a paper blockade. The 23th June was a
proud day for Buenos Ayres, being the anniver-
sary of the evacuation of that town by the
British.

(From the same Paper, Aug•. 10)

BRION'3 SQUADRON.--A Letter, dated St.
Baits, July 21, received at Philadelphta, states,
that Admiral BRION sailed from nargritt4 on the
10th July, with his Squadr:;n, consisting of the
Victoria, his flag-ship, 9 bligs, 11 schooners,
and a number of gun-boats, well armed anti
manned. On board the squadron are 2,500 Eng-
lish, Itisb,. and Scotch, 500 German, and 300
Indian troops, supposed to be destined against
Laguira.—Conunodore JOLLEY, it is stated, is still
under arrest at Margaritta ; ARESMENDR is under
arrest at Angostura.

(Front the Baltimore Tellegrapli, 'fug. 1 )

The Secretary of the Navy left this City for
Washington this warning, where, we understand,
there will be an immediate meeting of rhe Heads
of the different Departments ; no doubt, on the
subject of the late dispatches from Madrid,
brought out in the Hornet. We understand the
Hornet is again under sailing orders ; it is pro-
bable she will return to Cadiz.

The Public Press has never been so shamefully
prostituted as in the scandalous attacks which the
Opposition Papers have made upon the Yeomanry
Cavalry of Manchester. While on- the one hand
these caltimnious Writers call for legal inquiry,
they impudently pre-judge the question, and im•
woe the deepest criminality to them before a
legal investigation takes place. Is this candour,
is this liberality, is this justice ?—ls it not rather
infamous scurrility, falsehood, act! malevolence.'
It appears now, that these Opposition Writers,
some of whom pretend to be Constitutional IVhi s,
but who slew the cloven foot of Jacobinism, have
actually taken HUNT in favour, and wesnppose that
he, WOOLER, Doctor WATSON, PRESTON, and all•
the other despicable and desperate herd of Re••
formers, will be held forth \in those Prints as
the APOSTLES Of POLITICAL TRUTH, and their
doctrines be pronounced the True Patriotic. Creed
for the faith of the People at large. We see in
the accounts of the late Glasgow Meeting to what
works such doctrines tend. At that Meeting, not
only the Priesthood were held in coniempt, bt.t
Morality and Religion were absolutely treated with
derision. Every thing decent, every thing respecta-
ble, hitherto deemed sacred in Society, was stigma-
tized as folly, delusion, and hypocrisy. Such are the
fruits of modern Reform, which has corrupted so
many of the lower orders ; and yet the Opposition
Newspapers advocate the Cause of the Reformers
and their pernicious 'systems, which are not only
Calculated to destroy all regular Government, bat to
extinguish every sense of Virtue anti Religion.—
We were told that the Marquess of Tavis-rocx and
Lord JOHN RUSSELL were to attend the late
Meetiog in Palace-yard. We considered the
report as so infamous a libel upon the understand-
ings and characters of those Noblemen, that we
did not condescend to notice it ; and we rejoice
to find that we gave no credit to so foul an im-
putation against them. It would indeed have
been a proof of hopeless folly in any persons of
rank anti fortune to' join the Reformers, w :.ether
the BURDETT Ultras, or the low,- ignorant, and
flagitious Radicals, for they have but one cont..:
mon aim—the elevation of themselves upon the
ruin of their Country.

His Royal Highness the PRINCE REGRNT has
been graciously pleased to create his old auu
faithful servant, General SAMUEL HULSE, the
Lieutenant-Governor of the Royal Flus;,if al at
Chelsea, and Master of.hi's Majesty's 11:'t;chtild,
a Knight of the Guelphie the Grand.
Cross.

S110010:0 ab Mat, the CONSTA tr..l
, POSTPONEMENT 00 TOE '11"1"

------....0.....----
tFrong " The Chc L hrcnicle," Sept. Al r
JAMES GEORGE BRUC AT:' WICIJAK"to
\
Illos.,!—This morning
.the ttot ey-GeTlBett
plied to Ihe,Cofirt"fdr t rttle to shoylla"s" iii
the trias of these persons, aargedand out'l' t
called Lord Enenborough's Act, with 04043
Win. Birch, the Police Officer, with intenr") ae.
li
him, should not be put off till next Assizes' °ly
count of the absence of a material %little°. to
move:, for the rule on the Affidavits of the S'ircgrat,
and the Attorney for the prosecution. iNI,,' ;-.1100
the Surgeon, deposed, that he and Alr. l'4. I'''",jeit
had attended Birch from the time he was
"u'Alre
to the present time ; and not %vit hstanding l'isl.:so
gressive state of amendment, he was "tierte.of
far recovered, as to tender his removal 56.01.
prudent. They considered he would be shacieliort
recovered to appear and give evidence ill C°eji
next Assizas.—Mr. Lloyd, the Atli), neY' 51:110-
that Wm. Birch was a material witness 11/
to
prosecution of the prisoners, and that he °toe.
not proceed"to. their trial without his evide to,
He thought it probable, that it, the interval
ir.,' :
tween the present and nett As,,ize, the other PA'a
ties suspected of aiding, &c. hi the attempt, w°°
be aprehenda.—CottET—TOse a Rule.

IHUHSDAY, ErGHT 11'

• APPREHENSION OF M'INISIS. het
We stop the press to state, that intelligent of
.just been received here, of the. apprehensi°9oi
Jacob M Innis, strongly suspected 61 being tbeillio
who actually shot Mr. was "kelloi
Ireland, by a Police Officer, named
may shortly be expected in out. Castle.---The of
tnunication is from -- WARREN, Esq. ou
the Magistrates of the City of Dublin'.

SHIP NEW 1,
The Ann, SUNLEY, front Matanzas t° /,
month, has been taken by two piratic-815110
and ran on shore in the Gull of Flor'a''. ed
master, cook, and one of the crew, haviol; ref°
to join the pirates, were murdered by 043.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 1.--L..-irrived the IPta
bart packet, with mails from the Brazi4l
Rio Janeiro the 24th Jaae'!.Bahia t!le
and Pernambuco the 10th; on the s.th A
rt
a
"ist
lat. 34. long. 40.:,7. spoke the Welli,rifh(°:l:o4.
five months from Calcutta, bound to ww, 11,410;
and took out six passengers for England,,;°"•;rei
mg Captain BENTHAM, hie of the ship
Brown, lost .on the Ist' of January last. 001
vessels came in sight at t!t vime time 00'05' b'
the Wellington, supposed to be the LAY 7„1/14
les bell and Eclipse. Sailyri his Ma. t
on a cruise. tt!
DEAL, SEPT. 3.—Arrived, and ,Riled
River, the Neptune, CARNs. from Calcotta'4,,stw
BELMONT; SOUTHPORT, Vie '-'11,..0t°
RAILING, of New York, for Liverpool, 01"'
'';- ibfr
ton and tobacco, was driven onshore otce
and is a complete wreck ; two of the Cr°2;vi 11;
41.
visited, The Carrier, of Liverpool, for 6%l:•eyf
yen, with cattle, ; also on sitoreoff r°lPbs°
crew saved. The Florias Connuetciuti' re
veaTs,- from Schiedam is al3O on shore i Cps'
saved. Another- vessel
,:name onktiow9)-
struck, and gone to piceis.;• crew hist. vessels
WHITEHAVEN, SEPT. 1. The two l•l de,
mentioned in my last, the Content R "(11.,,'a'
have gone to pieces. The Integrity, Wlt's-s.tatt"
enter-iog the harbour, struck against the' sti;
Pier, and sunk within the entrance : ever)l-;e1,04:,
Lion has been made to heave her off, blit
effect ; the cables broke, and part of the eld°
broken off. As the gale abates, it is pos.3sib.
may be hove into the hathour next tide,. th"
MILFORD 11AVEN, • AUG. 29 Arri/e("1
Eclair, Moasa, from Smyrna for Loi)diP"'
with fruit, sik, valaneia, ; N,platte,
Miramiehi for 'this port, with tinther ;
Sandwich, and Freeling packets, from .":1),
ford. Sailed the Gower packet, with
0.3
passengers, for. Waterford. •
t.
AUG. 30.—Sailed the Anna packet,
and passengers, for Waterford; also the
ruse
genre Revenue cutter, for PI mouth.. A •
the Auckland front ‘Vaterfor4.
CAPP. OP Goon HoPll.—Letiers- have ,blelpillll/1.
ceived front the Cape of Good Hope of.2u-")
with enclosures to a late date front Cell°"'vioteilf
tranquillity was in sir -great a rueasUre res. 014
that almost all- the troops which had bee°,
there from India had returned. 'The Vt 101
Wm ship, Dick, Captain . Hat risoo, 6-6
the middlisoi
Cape of Good Hope,. from Cork,
May, and was toproceed immediately to theiZ,lie
of Ceylon. The free trade's, Langton 21";
flie9g
ters, were at the Care at the same 14" ft re'
ships have on board detachtnents the
giment, to be stationed at the abuse islati,6.o Tloll'
4511 O
Dauntless tort) of war,. Hon. c.iptain
was at the Cape of Good Hope thetoiddie(rgi-aqi
having on. board .Major-General .mcf.lotlf;
Barnes and •suite, for Ceylon. Licof;—‘)--e
Wright, •trt' the ROyal Engineerk, was lilanit'rd0.
that place, on I;is way to 'assume the color-o°ll'o'
the Royal Engineer Department in that jtabelil
—lt is stated that Liutenant-Ges'teral 5,r
13!'oivntiigg, at present Goveroor of 011(j%)
let otn to England. HA soon 83 ML,Aior-t3e7fe.r.9
Edwatd.BArfleS arrives in that Pawl.
tepotted at the Cape of Good Hope, t'''rstaolvi;
Dalhousie, at present Governor of N'o`,.* 4,1•614-f
is to tweeted. Loyd Charles Somerset at tnellip
Colony. The Ptioce Fredetick, Dlrch 5)a,-
►
wa! . of 80 gnus, is oow•at Svmood's
of Good Hope, with Gener,l Autincs °"
r 5 fro°
fro _Batvi, and a valuable cargo ot
that islanda
;a she proceeds shortly to I°l4').
