DIED.

On Friday, the 4th inst., at the Parsonage, East Horseley,
wed 70, the Rev. John Owen, M.A., Rector of East
gurney, Horseley, and of St. Bennet s, Paul's Wharf, London, Arch-
deacon of Richmond, Yorkshire, and Chaplain-General to hisajesty's Forces.
At Ed;nburgh, on the n inst., Thomas John third son if
Mr. Cornelius Elliot, bookseller there. ,
On the 2d inst., from an attack of erysipelas, Mary Ann,
wife of Mr. White, chymist and druggist, Haymarket, aged 38
On the 27th ult., her sister Mrs. Large's death was announced,
aged 34.
On Friday, the 4th inst., Richard Carter, Esq., of Surrey-
street, Strand, aged 70.
On the 2d inst., at No. 3, Eaton-terrace, Grosvenor-place,
the infant son of Thomas Dunmore, Commissary-General u
the
26th of May, Mr. Henry
'l'heFattrtre-eeR
On .
ooyal, Edinburgh. Cummins, prompter of the

TEE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Papers, June 7.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Dutch, Hamburgh, and Flanders Mails,
brought us last night Papers from Berlin, Copen-
hagen, Brussels, and other places,
from which extracts of any political interest will
be found in our columns. At Berlin, it appears,
the proceedings against all secret associations of
every sort were carried on with undiminished
rigour. Two students of medicine, of the names
of Kohler and Sachuse,had just been condemned,
for no other crime, to six years' incarceration
within the walls of a fortress, and were imme-
diately sent off to their melancholy destination.
Frederick William had also issued a proclama-
tion, prohibiting all his subjects from studying in
the Universities of either Bask or Tubingen, in
Switzerland, from what he calls the pernicious
tendency of doctrines taught in the University of
Basle, and prohibited associations and dangerous
intrigues that exist at Tubingen. What must
that Government be which can only be main-
tamed by such decrees as these ? From the
Rague, under date of the '2d of this month, it is
stated that the Second Chamber of the States-
General had received a message from the First
Chamber, stating that it had approved of the
Treaty with this country on the affairs of India.
'Frankfort Papers, to the 30th of May, detail an
occurrence which had created a strong sensation
throughout Germany, particularly among the
Catholics of that extended empire. The Go-
vernment of Wirtemberg, it was affirmed, had
suddenly caused the arrest of the Baron de
Keller, Bishop of Evar, and his imprisonment in
the fortress of Hohenasberg, for having corres-
ponded with the. Pope. Nothing relative to the
nature of this correspondence was known, and it
was most probably occupied solely with ecclesi-
astical affairs. This Prelate's character is said
to be most respectable, and his arrest at present
appears to be a most arbitrary act. The Frank-
fort Papers state, that letters from Smyrna, to
the 12th of April, say, that the plague was raging
furiously at Cairo, and sweeping off in its fell
progress, more than a hundred persons daily.—
Under the head of Brussels, to the 2d of June,
the speech of a M. Beelaerts, during the debate
in the Chamber on the late Treaty between the
Netherlands and this country, relative to India,
is given at some length. From its marked allu-
sions to the Cape of Good Hope, the Dutch have
strong hankerings after this valuable colony; but
it is indissolubly united to Great Britain.

[THE TIMES.
The project of law for the reduction of the
French debt having failed, the letters from Paris,
as might be expected, are employed on conjec-
tures respecting the secret causes of an event so
unexpected. It appears to have been owing, in
great measure, to the influence of the clergy,
who, as they were likely to be the greatest suf-
ferers by the law, became of course its most stre-
nuous opponents. Of the extent of this influence
the French IVllnister does not appear to hare
been fully aware ; neither would it seem that
the hostility of the Archbishop of Paris to the
measure had been at all relaxed in consequence
of the personal interference of the King, who,
before the Bill was brought into the Chamber of
Peers, endeavoured to change his known inten-
tion of opposing it. As the hostility of the
rargy, however, is not of itself sufficient to
explain the failure of the measure, some well-
informed letters hint, as another aiding cause,
at the jealousy of a portion-of the French Cabi-
net at the degree of influence likely to be ac-
qutred by M. de Villele, in carrying through, in
one Session, two such important measures as the
creation of septennial chambers and the reduc-
tion of the interest in the national debt. Sup-
posing this feeling of jealousy to be excited, it
would be the more encouraged to act by the
prospect of gratification held out by the known
state of opinion in the Chamber of Peers, where
M. de Villele himself did not reckon on obtain-
ing a majority of more than 10 or 12 votes in his
favour. Some effect is also attributed to the
itisstility of M. Sartoris, who having seceded
from the company of capitalists formed to con-
duct the conversion o► the French debt, in con-
sequence of the disagreement with Mr. Baring,
might not feel unwilling to deprive them alto-
gether of the profits expected to result from the
undertaking. There is no truth, we understand,
in one hypothesis which has been circulated,—
that M. de Villele had himself willingly allowed
the measure to be lost. He was perfectly sin-
cere in his support of it, and to the last had been
sanguine of success ; so that his resignation, in
consequence of its failure, is considered a pro-
bable event.

[MORNING CURONICLE.]
Ao Express was received on Saturday from
Paris, which stated that the Rentes, which on
Wednesday had advanced to 105 f. 35 c. fell on
Thursday evening to 101 f. 70 c., in consequence
of the Chamber of Peers having rejected the
Act for creating a Three per Cent. Stock by the
extinction of the existing Annuities. It appears
rather extraordinary that an Assembly of Legis-
lators should have refused its sanction to a plan,
which would have occasioned a considerable sav-
ing in the public expenditure, and by means of
which saving hii Most Christian Majesty had
hoped to have been enabled to heal the last
wounds of the Revolution. To the monied inte-
rest, however, this resolution of the French
Peers is very advantageous, for it continues to
them the payment of Five per Cent. per
Annum on the French Debt, instead of Four
per Cent., which they were willing to have ac-
cepted. 'the &cline in the French Funds is na-
tural, ,because. the Bankers, who had under-
taken to carry the French Ministers through
this great financial operation have latterly snp-'
ported in the value of the French Rentes to a
great extent, and now that the operation has
been abandoned,they will withdraw their money
(about three millions sterling) to follow up their
other speculations. The decline in the French

Rentes, however, will only be of short duration,
for all those who sold out from an idea that one
per cent. was to be withdrawn from their in-
comes, will re-invest their money in the funds
when they hear that this measure has been
dropped ; and if the French Government will

only guarantee that the Rentes will not hereafter
be reduced, but that they will be considered as
interminable, then they will undergo a very con-
siderable improvement, for money certainly is
not worth at present five per cent. per annum in
any part of civilized Europe. On the receipt
of the rejection of the French Interest Reduction
Bill, the Consols declined here one and a quarter
per cent. There was, however, a re-action in
them, and 94f was the last price. The
rejection of the French Finance Bill leaves about
two millions annually of income to the Proprie-
tors of all descriptions of national securities,
more than they would have had, if the attempt
to reduce the French annual interest had suc-
ceeded, and the value of the principal debts
must consequently increase in a ratio with this
additional income. The feelings of some of the
monied interest have, however, been agitated by
the chance that the French Ministers will find
themselves bound, in honour, to resign their
offices, because they have been defeated in an
object, which they considered necessary to the
public prosperity.

[MORNING POST.)
The great financial law for the reduction of the
Rentes, to which M. de Villele seemed to have
attached his political existence, has been rejected
in the Chamber of Peers by a majority of 120 to
105. It appears therefore that some of those
who voted with the Minister when Count Roy's
Amendment was negatived, voted afterwards
against them in all the divisions which took
place ; for the triumph of the Opposition was
not obtained by an addition, but by a cha►►ge
of numbers; the grand total amounting to one
less than on the former division. This is
explained in private accounts, by the exist-
ence of a schism between de Chateau-
briand and M. de Villele. The former is
said to have been hostile to the law even
before it was proposed, and to have warned
his colleague, not only that he would not sup-
port it by speaking in its favour, but that he
would not prevent his friends from voting against
it. M. de Villele thought himself strong enough
to carry his point without assistance, and only
perceived his weakness when the union of the
Ultras and Liberals shewed him that a few votes
would suffice to give them the majority. It was,
however, then too late to recede, and the result
of his imprudent venture was the total defeat
which he has experienced. Whether it will be
attended by his resignation, must depend on
the part which the King will espouse : but the
general opinion in France seems to be, that
M. Villele will be in no hurry to make the offer.
The Ultras and the Liberals are enraptured with
their success, and it is really curious to see
how nearly the Quotidienne and the Constitu.
tionnel express the same sentiments in the same
language. The Portuguese Rebel, the infamous
Prince Miguel, lauded at Brest on the 2d inst.
with his Chamberlain the Count de las Rion. It
is not said whether he was to remain in that
town or to proceed to the French capital, and
the silence maintained on that point would seem
to indicate that it was not yet decided whether
he was to be received as a culprit or a visitor.—
The Constitutionnel states that serious disturb-
ances had taken place at Madrid in consequence
of a scarcity of bread ; and that division pre-
vailed in the Royal Councils to such an extent
that the Council of Castile had presented an ad-
dress to the King on the subject.

[MORNING HERALD.]
The case of Smith, the Missionary at Deme-
rara, which has .so long occupied the public at-
tention, and recently that of Parliament, though
well deserving the investigation it has under-
gone, has bees so far misrepresented by its rival
advocates and opponents as to leave it difficult to
elicit the truth from such a mass of zeal and
misapprehension. To us it appears quite clear
that Smith was by no means averse to the eman-
cipation of the slaves from many of which he
conceived to be their miseries and hardships,
and that he know of and promoted their views to
an extent inconsistent with his duty as a member
of West Indian society. We do not mean to
justify such conduct altogether; but are prepared
to contend that it admits of considerable pallia-
tion. We are bold to say that the spirit of
Christianity is not only hostile to, but incompa-
tible with, a state of slavery ; and, therefore, for
a Christian Minister to feel it so, and so to rea-
son and to act, are not the most unpardonable
offences, in a moral point of view, which such
a man can commit. But we can easily ima-
gine that such a trai❑ of reasoning and of acting,
though excusable and natural in the mother
country, may not be applicable to a slave po-
pulation, still less to such a population in a
state of revolt. And we think that had the Go-
vernment of Demerara, when they became in
formed and satisfied of the course the missionary
was pursuing, immediately transferred him to
the mother country, they would have acted
vigorously and discreetly. But to try him at
all by persons incensed at his acts and his doc-
trines, and more especially to bring him, by a
quibble, within the reach of martial law, was an
apparent violation of justice, which, we trust, for
the honour of our tribunals, we shall never again
see resorted to.

[NEW TIMES.]
A very judicious and enlightened Correspon-
dent, in our Paper of the 28th ult., took a com-
prehensive view of French politics, in which the
following passage will at the present moment be
found particularly worthy of attention :--4 The
policy of M. de Villele is essentially pacific.
He is naturally so inclined; but were it other-
wise, his financial measures tie him down.
Hence, all the arts of the Russian Cabinet, em-
ployed at this moment, are unavailing, to push
him on to an attack on the independence of
South America." Now we have strong grounds for
believe that several of the individuals most ac-
tive in opposing the present financial scheme, and

who look to its failure as a mean of turning M.
de Villele out of office, are prepared to go the
whole length of assisting King Ferdinand with a
military and naval force to re-establish his au-
thority in South America. They flatter themselves
that the English Government would not go to
war on this account ; they fancy that we are too
much embarrassed with our National Debt
—with the disturbances in Ireland and

with the discontents of our West India Planters,
to engage in hostilities. All this evinces great
misinformation ; and in truth the whole policy
of these statesmen is short-sighted ; but as they
would probably act upon it if they came into
office, we earnestly hope that their wishes may
be frustrated, and that M. de Villele may retain
his Premiership, though he has been foiled
in his financial undertaking. The truth is,
that he has not conducted the measure with
his usual caution. Attempting to change,
at one stroke, the Five per Cents. into Threes,
ho was necessarily compelled to purchase the
support of the great capitalists at a price which
put to hazard his Ministerial influence. It now
appears that M. Sartoris judged better than
Mr. Baring of the true position of the
French Ministry. It would have been wise
to have acquiesced in the Report made to the
Chamber of Peers by the Duke de Levis, which
went on the supposition that the small hol-
ders of stock were to be exempted for some years
fromAhe diminution of their dividends. M. De
Villele himself on Thursday proposed a measure
of similar import ; but it was then too late. It
only remains now to see whether he can recover
his false step, with the same dexterity which he
has evinced on more than one previous occasion.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, June 5.

Carlton house, Dec. 4, 1823.

The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of
Knighthood upon Lieutenant-Colonel James Henry Reynett,
Knight Commander of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic Order,
Military Secretary and Equerry to his Royal Highness the
Duke of Cambridge, and Colonel upon the Continent of Europe•

Whitehall, June 2, 1824.
The King has been pleased to appoint George, Earl of
Morton, K.T. to be Lieutenant and Sheriff Principal of the
Shire of Mid-Lothian, in the room of William Marquis of
Lothian, deceased.
The King has been pleased to appoint John William Rober•
Marquis of Lothian to he Lieutenant and Sheriff Principal o,
the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of William Marquis of
Lothian, deceased.

The King has been pleased to present the Rev. Alexander
Stewart to the Church and Parish of Cromarty, in the Presby_
tery of Chanonry and County of Cromarty, vacant by the
death of the Rev. Robert Smith.

Colonial-Office, June 3.
The King has been pleased to appoint Lieutenant-Colonel
Sir Thomas Reade, C. 8., to be Agent and Consul-General
at Tunis.

Crown o,Mce,.June 5.

Mimincits returned to serve in this present PARLIAMZIfT.
Borough of Northallerton—Marcas Beresford, Esq., an ofli.
cer in the 21st Regiment Royal North British Fuzileers, in the
room of Henry Peirse, Esq., deceased.
Borough of Okehampton—William Henry Trant, of Port-
land-place, in the County of Middlesex, Esq., in the room of
Lord Dunally, who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.

BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED.
J. Morgan, Bedford-street, Commercial-road, victualler, from
June 8, to June 23.

BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
W. Noble, Longdale, Westmorland, cattle-dealer—J. Clegg,
Ashton-under-Line, Lancashire, machine-maker—G. H. Dacre,
Brunswick-place, City-road, merchant.

BANKRUPTS.
R. and J. Finch, Ensham, Oxfordshire, glove-manufactu-
rers, to surrender June 16, 17, July 17, at the Three Cups
Inn, Oxford. Solicitors, Messrs. Robinson and Hinde, Char-
terhouse_square.
R. Courteen, Size-lane, dealer, June 12, 22, July 17, at the
Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street. Solicitor, Mr. Reeves,
Ely-place, Holborn.
C. James, Horsham, Sussex, innholder, June 22, 29, July
17, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basin hall-street. Solicitor Mr.
Collingwood, St. Saviour's Church-yard, Southwark.
H. Makepeace, Bristol, coach maker, June 18, 19, Jed), 17,
at the White Lion Inn, Bristol, Solicitors, Messrs. Williams
and White, Lincoln's-Inn.
T. Smith, Chepstow, Moinnouthshire, cabinet-maker, June
21, 22, July 17, at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. Solicitor Mr.
Platt, New Boswell-court, Lincoln's-Inn.
T. Rossiter, Bristol, bottle-liquor-merchant, June 21, 22,
July 17, at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. Solicitor, Mr. Platt,
New Boswell-court, Lincoln's-inn.
R. and 1. Rawlings, Fronae-Selwood, Somersetshire, card-
makers, June 14, 15, July 17, at the Wheatsheaves Inn,
Frome-Selwood. Solicitor, Air. Heartley, New Bridge-street,
Blackfriars.

E. Bliss, Freemason's-court, Cornhill, money-scrivener, June
12, 19, July 17, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street.
Solicitor, Mr. Palmer, Gray's-inn-square.
T. Ashton, Poplar, Canton-place, East India-road, under-
writer, June 12, 19, July 17, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basing-
hall-street. Solicitor, Mr. Baker, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-
street.

B. Marshman, Trowbridge, Wiltshire, clothier, June 12, 19,
July 17, at the Bankrupt's Court, Basinghall-street. Solicitor,
Mr. Morgan, Ely-place, Holborn.

DIVIDENDS.

June 30, P. Marsden, Sheffield, grocer—July 5, W. Barrett,
Cardiff, Glamorganshire, innholder—June 26, W. Wall, Ox-
ford, carver and gilder—June 28, J. Ill‘Allis, Liverpool, tailor
—June 26, R. Wilks, Chancery-lane, printer—June 28, J.
Dickie, Devenport, mercer—June 28, J. Bradock, Manchester,
merchant—June 30, W. Holdsworth, Bradford, Yorkshire,
woolstapler—June 28, D. Evans, Swansea, Glamorganshire,
draper—July 10, T. Nightingale, Watling-street, warehouse-
man—July 5, H. Hunt, Liverpool, haberdasher—June 26, W.
and W. Button, Paternoster-row, booksellers—June 29, E.
Roberts, Oxford-street, linen-draper—June 26, G. Moorhonse,
Doncaster, grocer—June 26, I. H. Handscomb, Newport-Pag-
nell, Buckinghamshire, lace-merchant—June 26, 11. F. Holt,
Cannon-row, Westminster, surgeon—June 26, D. Fasana,
Bath, fancy-stationer—June 26, J. Herbert, Windmill.court,
West Smithfield, victualler.

CERTIFICATES, JUNE 26.
M. C. Sanderson, Park-street, Grosvenor-square, coal-mer-
chant—J. Bridges and J. Dew, Bristol, brewers—T. Whalley,
Chorley, Lancashire, manufacturer—S. Price, Trowbridge,
Wiltshire, grocer—H. Pickworth, jun., Cursitor-street, Chan-
cery-lane, coal-merchant—T. Wakeman, Fleet-market, sta-
tioner—J. Lamb,' Newman-street, Oxford-road, clock-maker
_c, P. Bevil, Ipswich, jeweller.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
G. Thomson and H. Menzies, Liverpool—T. Filing and
dT. Andrews, Canterbury, linen-drapers—D. and J. Chitten-
en, Dover, spirit-merchants—R. H-, R. G. and C. Marten,
Mincing-lane, insurance-brokers, so far as regards C. Marten—
Hetton Coal Company, Iletton-in-the-Hole, Durham, so far
as regards R. Scruton—W. Youlten and S. Heaven Cheese_
lane, Gloucester, coal-merchants—G. and J. Mallinson,
Hud-
dersfield, merchants—N ,C. N. and and H. Bolingbroke and F.
jrCohhenapso-nst'reNet,or l
iiirioblennrdoansghee'rrs Hain and J. M‘Fiee,s--S. Halleft and J. Tuck,
Wigan, Lancaster, drapers--J. and G. Smith, Liverpool,
printers—T. and 11, S. Davy, and W. Mends, Gould-
square, drug-merchants--T. Todd, W. Crookes, and S.
Gibbons, Fleet-street, tea-dealers, so far as regards T. Todd
--E. Clark, L. A. Hayes, and J. Hayes, Kennington-
green, proprietors of a ladies' school—W. Harwood and S.
Blackwell, Bristol, sugar-refiners—C. Ling and R. Merry,
Norwich, coal-merchants—J. and W. Goslin, Clare Market,
butchers—B. Hackett and J. Smith, Bristol, hosiers—W. Leg-
gett and M. Field, Birmingham, corset-makers—W. Tummon
and .I. Smithson, Kingston-upon-Hull, wharfingers—B. and
R. Wiley, Wolverhampton, stock-lock-manufacturers.—T.
Ellison and T. Dunning, York, cordwainers—C. Morris and
S. Phillips, Great Portland-street, Oxford-road, dress-makers
_-T. Marshall, G. Skene, and It. Shuter, London, iron-mer-
chants—W. Speir and R. Blackburn, Fore-street, surgeons.

COUNTRY MARKETS AND FAIRS

DURING THE LAST WETS.

LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE, June 1.
We have had an unusually small supply of Grain during
the past week, and the transactions of the trade have also been
trivial, except for Oats, which were ia tolerable request at the
close, and improving prices were obtained for them. To-
day's market was not well attended, yet good Wheat found
buyers for consumption, but at no rise in price. Oats were
not quite so ready of sale; the advance realized is Id. to lid.
per bushel since last Tuesday. There is some inquiry for
Grinding Barley, but it goes off slowly at our last quotations.
Oatmeal is Is. per pack dearer. Malt, Beans, and Flour,
are without alteration.
Wheat, English, Old
New lOs Od a lOs 6d
Ditto sound us od a Os od
Scotch, Old lO3 Od a lOs 6d
Canada (free) los 6d a !as Od
Foreign (in bond)
Irish, Old
New .
Barley, English, Old
New ss 6d a 511 9d
Fox sign (free)
Irish, Old
New 4s 9d a 5s 3d
Scotch, Old Os Od a Os Oil
New
Oats, Potato, Old 45 Od a 4s td
New
Limerick, Old 4s Od a 46 2d
New
Welsh, Potato, Old 3s 9d a3sl I d
Malt, Fine 9s Od a Os 3d per 36qts.
Ditto, middling Bs Od a 8s 6d
Beans, Old
New 4os Od a 46s Od
Superfine Flour, Old
New 46s Od a 48s Od
Oatmeal, Old —s od a —s od
New

American Flour, sweet, (in bond) 26s Oti a3os Od per barrel
of 1961b5. net.—Sour, (out of bond), 38s a 40s.
Import of Grain for the Week ending May 31.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Flour. 1 Sacks Irish,
sh.
Bush. 701 b Bu 60lb Bush. 451 b For. Brls per 2401 b
10,310 4,400 4395 7i

Cii
Wheat, 751 b Os Od a Os Od
--- New lOs 9d a lls Od
Oats . 3s 10d a 4s Od

,STER.
Bark

', 38qts Os Od a Os 01

------ Neir 6s 0d a 6s 3,
Rye Os Oda Os 01

NANT
Wheat, 751 b 9s 9d a lls 3d 1

New Os Od a Os Od
Barley, 38qts Os Oel a Os od

CANTS

Wheat Brovr n . . —s
New s6s a 65s
White
New 62s a 70s

Rye
Barley
-- New 2ss a 33s
Oats

-3 a —3

NI AID:

;TONE.
