PLOT.

Filippe (111r.•Ii otrs GE TO having made air early and unfortu-
nate marriage, imbibes an inveterate dista,ste for woman, and
retires with his• only child to lead a hermit's. life. The boy
(Mrs. T. HILL) has attained the age ofeighteen, when Ronaldo
(Mr. NV T. LIA ms), the brother of Filippe, prevails upon him
to visit his house. The hermit consents upon condition that
Eliza (Madame VEsTnis), his daughter, shall be kept from
the view of Colin, who has never been made acquainted with
the existence of the softer sex. While, on the other hand, her
antiquated, scolding Governess (Mrs. C. JONES), a determined
man-hater, is to be exhibited to the youth by way of a surfeit.
ing dose. It happens, however, that he sees Eliza first, and
upon questioning his father, is told that she is a bird ; at which
he proves himself wise in his generation, by wondering that
there should be " Birds without feathers." After this he is
frightened by the old bird, and captivated by the young one ;
and to end all, the old man consents to the union of the young
innocents.

This Piece is an avowed translation from the
French, and is evidently founded on the well-
known story of Friar Philip's Geese, also of
French origin. We are by no means inclined to
judge harshly of the productions of the Summer
Theatres. They are not intended, like the
Paintittgs of A PELLES, for perpetuity, but merely
to amuse the fleeting hour. Modern Dramatists
proceed upon different principles, one set endea-
vour to produce good standard playsond another to
produce a set of characters adapted to the talents
of popular performers ; and when the design is un.
derstood the critic should adapt his rules to the
intention. The piece of last night has no dra-
matic force, but it was rendered by no means
unamusing to a very numerous audience, by the
efforts of Mrs. VEiTais, Mrs. HILL, Mrs.
C. JONES, WILLIAMS and YOUNGER. The music,
which in two or three instances was nearly en-
cored, is ascribed to Mr. NATHAN. It was on
the whole playful as well as scientific. The
piece was announced for repetition, by Mr.
YOu F:11., with some opposition, but the majority
was in its favour.

THE Dl CCAN BOOTY.—It appears from the
Bengal Territorial Financial Letter of the 11th
of August, 1818, that the treasure captured in
NASUCK was estimated by the Company's Officers
at SEVENTY-SIX LACS OF RUPEES ; but making the
most liberal allowance on the score of exaggera-
tion, it was- considered by The, Supreme Govern-
ment, that the ULTIMATE receipt for it, could not
be less than PIETY LACS OT RUPEES, that is, about
600,0001. sterling ! This part of the booty con-
stitutes only a small portion of that which was
captured ; and though late, it is to be hoped, that
the Troops will receive the fullest remuneration
:for their brilliant and successful services in the
years 1817 and 1818, by which the East India
Company have acquired such an extent of coup.
try, and so large an increase of their annual ter-
ritorial revenue !

The loss of the British in the engagement with
the Ashantees, on the 11th of July, amounted to
105 killed, and 400 wounded ; Lieutenant John
Swanzy, of the Royal African Colonial Corps, is
the only Officer killed.
The following paragraph, containing the in-
telligence of the failure of the attempt to intro-
duce slavery into the State of Illinois, is extract-
ed from a Philadelphia Newspaper f the 28th
of July, 1821 :

" Itiirrois.—The important question of convention or no
convention, for revising the constitution of the State, with a
view principally to admitting the introduction of Slaves into
that State, has, we are happy to learn, been decided in the ne-
gative by the People, after as full and free a discussion as per-
haps, ever was had among any people on any subject."
The New Neapolitan Loan will be brought in-
to the market next week, but only to the amount
of 100,0001. The remaining 400,0001. will be
distributed on the continent.

Much anxiety is felt upon the Royal Ex.
change relative to the Davis Straits' whale ships.
There have been few instances of their remaining
out so late in the season.

THE FRENCH INSTITUTE.—This Learned body
have offered a gold medal, of the value of 1,500 francs, for the
best Paper on the following subject; the 'prize to be adjudged
in the public Sitting in July 1820:—" To inquire what were
the Provinces, Towns, Castles, and Estates, acquired in France
by Philip-Augustus, and how he acquired them,—whether by
conquest, purchase, or exchange: To ascertain which of those
domains he disposed of by gift, which by sale, and which by
exchange; and which of them he retained in his own hands and
united to the Crown."

THE PNEUMATIC LAMP.—Amongst the ingeni-
ous novelties of the present day is a machine made by Mr.
GARDEN, the chemist, for the purpose of producing instanta-
neous light; which appears to be more simple, and less liable
to be put out of order than than the Volta lamp, and other
machines of a similar kind. It has lately been discovered, that
a stream of hydrogen gas, passing over finely-granulated pla-
tinum, inflames it. The whole contrivance, therefore, consists
in retaining a quantity of hydrogen gas over water—which is
perpetually produced by a mixture of a small quantity of zinc
and sulphuric acid, and which, being suffered to escape by a
small stop-coek, passes over a little scoop containing the pla-
tinum, which it instantly inflames. From this a candle or
lamp may be lighted, and the metal extinguished by a small
cap being put over it. It forms an elegant little ornament, of
small expellee, and is easily kept in order; and, once charged,
will last many months.
A fine medal in bronze has been just struck at
the Mint, representing CHARLES X. The re-
semblance is perfect, and the workmanship
pears to be very fine. On the reverse are the
words pronounced by the King on the reception
of the Chambers of Peers and Deputies on the
17th Sept.—(constitutionnel.)
A fire broke out -on Thursday night in the
coach-manufactory of Mrs. Tuoart and Co.,
Portland-street, Oxford-street, which destroyed
part of the premises and stock in trade.
WANTON ASSAULT.—John llollorlay, who ap-
peared to have drank freely of the Tuscan grape,
this Morning was brought before G. R. MIN-
snuLL, Esq. at Bow-street Office, charged with
a wanton assault upon a tradesman named James.
The complainant stated he was proceeding along
Russell-street, about twelve o'clock, and endea-
voured to avoid the prisoner, who instantly rolled
against him and kicked him, complainant, violent-
ly on the leg. lie had given the prisoner no provo-
cation for the ill usage, as he was an entire
stranger to him. The prisoner, on being asked
what he had to say to the charge, treated it in a.
most insolent way, and used very abusive ex-
pressions, both to the prosecutor and in the pre-
sence of the Magistrate. He was ordered to find
bail, and complainant said, that 'unless he made a
public apology he would indict him at the.
Sessions.
