was recommended to the prayers of the poor by
some substantial enjoyments, must be blessed by
Heaven, and be oee of the most felicitous unions
ever contracted. We see nothing to detract from
its felicity ; but, like everything human, it will de-
pend on the conduct of the parties themselves ;
and, should it turn out less felicitous than we
wish, the people who have prayed for the happiness
of the Royal Pair will be guiltless of the failure. •
Having said so much of the ceremony itself, a
full description of which will be found in another
part of The Sun, we must now turn to the less
t,
pleasing task of noticing the conduct of the Tories
and the lucubrations of some of our Contemporaries.
The Tories are galled beyond measure that her
MAJESTY'S marriage is not contracted under their
auspices. Their great No-Confidence motion- was
intended to place them in cffice, if possible, before
that event. Their factious vote on the sum to be
given to Prince ALBERT—for in them a pretence
of loving economy is a mere cloak for faction—was
intended to stop the e•arriaoe, if possible, or ruin
the Whigs in her MA les V's good opinion. Their
ill-judged insertion of th word " Protestant" before
the name of Prince ALBERT had a similar object,
and was intended, by throwing a doubt on his faith,
and a doubt, therefore, on the secure enjoyment of
the Crown, to make her ;MAJESTY pause, hesitate,
and contract a union more aorceable to the ultra-
Protestant bigots. All these schemes have failed,
and have only served to make the Tories, who, as
politicians, are thoroughly alienated from the peo-
ple, and have no party in the country except
those they can buy or command, who are distin-
guished for having deeply injured and grossly in-
sulted the masses—hateful and hated at Count. Such
is the necessary result of their own conduct, and
like silly children they now begin to cry and whine
at the chastisement which has followed it.
The. Post of yesterday, speaking the sentiments
of its friends, complains of their being excluded
from the marriage festivities, which they have done
all in their power- to mar. Why, their presence
would turn the wine sour, and, like the breath of
serpents, render the viands unpalatable. They
ought not to complain of being-- ..1.-eticluded from
Court, but of themselves, for havinr-withdrawn
from it. For a base purpose they calumniated
those who were about her MAJEY,:OI* stimulated
their Journals to do so, and could not-afterwards,
without self-degradation, appear to court the com-
pany of those whom they had pronounced de-
graded. Their exclusion is their own act, or the
necessary consequence of their own act, and they
have to thank themselves for being exiled from the
Court, on whose smiles alone they can live.
The Post says, that by their exclusion an in-
justice will be done to Prince ALBERT, who will
not be able to form a proper opinion of the nobi-
lity of England. Are, then, the R UTLANDS and
the NEWCASTLES, the ELLENBOROUGHS and
the LYNDCIURSTS, the BEAUFORTS and the
BUCKINGIIAMS, the ABER. DEEMS and the LON-
DONDERRYS, the great nobility of England, the
pride of her chivalry ? And are the DEVONSHI RES,
the SOMERS ETS, the WESTMINSTERS, the NOR-
FOLKS, the GOWERS, the CARLISLES, the Cai-
TIN GHA MS, mere nonentities, mushrooms of a day,
or destitute of talents to give dignity to well-earned
honours ? It would be both invidious and difficult to
make an exact comparison; but. we apprehend, if the
Whig nobility are not so numerous as the Tory no-
bility, they much surpass them, man for man, in
honourable character and worldly goods. What a
proud Noble must that Guardian of a Poor Law
Union be who moved the celebrated resolution to
decrease the bread of the inmates of the workhouse,
because the workmen on his estate were obliged,
owing to the Corn-laws, to live somewhat worse-
than before ? To present the Duke of RUTLAND
to Prince ALBERT with that celebrated resolution
in his hand, would -undoubtedly be a distinguished
honour to the QUEEN'S Husband. And would
that other Tory Duke, who has avowed 'that his
property is to be used, not to contribute to the hap-
piness of his tenants, but to coerce their votes,
and compel them to send those to Parliament who
will doom them to slavery and spoliation, raise
Prince ALBERT in general estimation by being
placed at his Aide !
We differ from the Tories, and 1)..g leave to say
that the Tory landlords, who are the great patrons
of the Corn-laws, the avowed plunderers of the
poor, can confer no honour by their company and
presence on any man. The palmy days of Eng-
land's nobility are, in fact, at an end ; and when
they descended to swell their rents, by taxing the
poor man's loaf, they became the most degraded
of human beings.
If the Post scolds, the Herald croaks. It is
afraid to speak out, and therefore insinuates that
Prince ALBERT may not be sincerely attached to
the Protestant faith. We should not be surprised,
when he comes to know accurately what the Pro-
testant faith is in England, were he to abjure it.
So much oppression has here been practised in its
name—it is now used to cloak so many selfish,
sinister, and mischievous schemes, plots, and in-
trigues—it is so degraded as the watchword of a
low-minded, disappointed, political faction, who use
it to halloo on the vulgar in the most mischievous
career, that it is impossible any reasonable man
can continue to respect modern Protestantism merely
on account of the honour which belonged to it
when it first escaped from the corruption of Popery.
The Herald, and the rest of the Journals of the
Church, may now rail and croak in vain ; the
Protestantism they uphold is rank political Popery,
having, instead of an aged and a venerable priest,
a lay sovereign at its head, who may be a libertine
or an Atheist. The outrageous attempts of the
Anglican error, by all sorts of in!rigues, to re-in-
fest themselves with the powers of the Papal
priesthood, have destroyed the esteem in which
Protestantism was held by our forefathers.
The Times, more annoyed even than the Herald
and the Post, try the degradation of its party, vents
its spleen by complaining that the-Bishops, Priests,
and Deans, are denied the opportunity of com-
municating with the temporal head of the Church.
They are not seated, it implies, at the Royal
table, nor received in the Royal presence, nor fa-
voured by the Royal smile. The whine shows
how keenly the priests, who pretend to despise the
world, feel—not their exclusion, for they are not
excluded—hut the want of favour at Court.

If they ►►• ere wholly banished from Court they
would deserve it. For months and years they have
endeavoured to fan the flame of dissatisfaction in
the land. They hale preached uncharitableness,
and excited class against class, and sect against
sect. They have used their utmost exertions to

stop education and to ,- impede the progress
of useful knowledge. For years they have
endeavoured to overturn the Ministers whom the

QUEEN and the nation support. There is
no species of mis►epresentation—.no kind of ca-
lumny—which the priests and their party have
spared to wound her MAJESTY and her MAJES-
TY'S friends. If for their disloyal, undutiful, and
factious conduct, they were wholly excluded from
Court, they would be treated according to their
merits. They arc, however, yet allowed to appear
at Court ; and the use their scribes make of the

countenance yet shown them is to claim a right
to be there, and to condemn those who do
not allow them to dictate to her MAJESTY,
and control her actions. We rejoice to
see the complaint of the Times, and should re-
joice still more if there were better grounds for
making it. What want the holy men with Court
fooleries? The Court Maidens have given over

confession, and it would be mon: to their honour
to seek out the poor, and minister to their wants,

than to sigh and whine for the favours and smiles
of the QUEEN and her at:endaws.

Amongst our extracts from the Dutch papers
will be found an account of the French Ambas-
mint at the Hague
aivina the Burgomaster there
1,000 florins for the° widow of a pilot, who had
lost his life in endeavouring to save the crew of a
French ship. We have of late frequently had to
record such acts of the French Government, and of
our own Government, as
well as of individuals ;
