THE KING'S HEALTH.

The report circulating through the Govern-
ment Offices this day, is a mere echo of
the Bulletin of yesterday :•--" The KING is
better." Sir HENRY HALYORD arrived in

town this morning, and had a long interview
with the Duke of WELLINGTON and Mr.
Secretary PEEL. Up to three o'clock no Bul-
letin had been received, and it was not expected
that any would be issued this day.

Despatches from Lisbon, Paris, and Brussels,
have been received at the Foreign. office this

morning.

The expedition against Algiers has now be-
come the prevailing topic of interest in France,
while its conduct and result are looked forward

to with a curiosity proportioned to its national
importance. The following, from the Moniteur,
may be considered as a formal justification of the
necessity of the expedition, and a review of the
causes which provoke it :

(From the Mottiteur.)

" Several of the publications which have lately gives► an
account of the causes of the war which has taken place be-
tween France and Algiers, contain details very inexact.
We think it necessary to recall to the memory of our readers
the principal circumstance. which have forced the Govern-
ment to make war against the regency, and determined it
to send an expedition to the Coast of Africa.
" In 1817 France recovered the establishments of which
she had been in possession on the coast of Africa for no less
than four centuries. The advantageous situation of these
possessions, the richness of their produce in grain,
cattle, wool, wax, honey, &e., the extraordinary facili-
ties which they offer for sending our merchandise into
the interior of Africa, and the abundant coral fishery
on the coast—all this had become a great source of
profit to the companies which carried on commerce
there before the revolution. But since 1817 the in-
stability of our relations with the regency of Algiers, ad-
ded to the open and avowed design of the Dey to deprive
us of our possessions in Afriea, have prevented our mer-
chants from returning there and forming any considerable
establishments, which must be always founded on confi-
dence to stand on a solid basis. Such a state of affairs
must be considered as one of our principal grounds of com-
plaint against Algiers, for the hostile positions of the Dey
have directly contributed to prevent an old French posses-
sion from acquiring that importance which it formerly en-
joyed.

" In the audience in which the Dey insulted our Consul,
he told him publicly, that he would not allow a single
French cannon to remain on the territory of Algiers; and
he should henceforward only acknowledge us to possess
those general rights which were enjoyed by the other Eu-
ropean merchants which came to Algiers for traffic.' Such
are his own expressions, and it will soon be seen that be
immediately caused all the forts belonging to France to be
demolished, together with the commercial establishments
which had been founded under their protection.
" Besidts the possession of an extensive territory, we
enjoyrd also the exclusive right of fishing coral for about
sixty leagues along the coast; and this right had been
acknowledged in our treaties with the Porte, as well as
with the Regency of Algiers. These treaties stipulated
that we should pay for the privilege 17,000 francs, ac-
cording to the original conditions; but this sum was in-
creased to 60,000 francs when we recovered the privi-
lege in 1817. But two years had hardly elapsed, when
She Dey suddenly declared that we must choose between
giving up our privilege, or the annual payment of 200,000
francs. The interest of our commerce made the Go-
vernment consent to this new augmentation of charges:
and yet, notwithstanding our punctuality in paying the
duty, the Dey published, is 1626, a manifesto, granting
to all nations the permission of fishing coral on the coast
of the Regency of Algiers, thus depriving us of a privilege
of which he still was desirous to receive the price.
" A considerable number of private motives of complaint
might be added to these general acts ; but we shall at pre-
sent only speak of the most flagrant, which are posterior
to the restoration.

" In 1814, the Dey intimated to the Consul-General,
M. Dubois Thainville, an order to settle the accounts of
several of his Algerine subjects, who had become thr
creditors of France ; and as the Consul represented that
he could not do so without the authorization of his
Government, the Dey made him leave Algiers imme-
diately. The events of the hundred days obliged us
to pass over this insult, and a new Consul was sent
in 1816 ; but the Dey consented to receive him only
on condition of being previously paid 100,000 francs as
a present.

" In 1818, the French brig La Fortune was attacked
and pillaged by the inhabitants of the district of Bona,
and the Dry constantly refused to give any kind of satis-
faction.

" In 1818, the Dey, on being summoned by the French
Admiral Jurien, and the English Admiral Freernantle, to
Coe Piracy, according to the resolutions taken at the
ngress of Aix.la-Chapelle, answered that he intended w reserve to himself the right of making slaves of the sub-

jests of all powers which slit u'd not enter into treaties
with him, and should not send to his states Consuls
through whose hands the tributes to him might pass.
" In 1825, notwithstanding the express tenour of the
treaties and under the pretext of smuggling, the Dry
caused a domiciliary visit and search to be made in the
house of the French Consul at Bona. The result of the
search proved the falseness of the accusation, and yet the
Dey gave no satisfaction for this new insult.
" The duties which are to be levied on our merchandise
in the ports of the regency, are determined by different
treaties ; in 1825, the Dey ex tcted from our merchants at
Bona duties which were much higher than what ought to
have been required.
" Following the example of some other great Powers
towards several States, France granted her protection in
1825 to the Roman flag. The Deys of Algiers and of
Tripoli, as well as the Bey of Tunic, successively acknow-
ledged that this measure was justified by our relations
with the head of our church, and they solemnly engaged
to respect the P.oman flag equally with our own. How-
ever, only eighteen months after, the Dey of Algiers cap-
tured and confiscated two Roman vessels. The money
produced by the sale of the ships and their cargo, was
shared between the Dey and the captors, and our efforts
only produced the liberty of the crews.
" The violations of our treaties became still more fre-
quent during the years 1826 and 1827, as the Dey's au-
dacity increased from impunity. Ile then positively re-
fused to acknowledge our capitulations with the Porte. It
was also at the same period that the Algerines began to re-
quire of our Captains whom they met at sea, to go on
hoard their vessels, that they might verify their papers ;
thusacting in direct opposition with the treaty of 1719. It
even happened that, whilst the Captain of the French
vessel La Conception was presenting his papers to an
Algerine corsair, his own ship was visited by some of the
Turkish crew, who seized on several chests, and took away
money and other different articles which they found to their
liking.
"But, independent of these numerous grounds of com-
plaint, the insolence and duplicity of the Dey, in the afftir
of the Algerine Jews Baeri and Busnach, left no other
means to his Majesty. but that of declaring war against the
Regency. Sundry articles had been furnished under the
consulate and the empire, by Messrs. Baeri and Busnach,
so that they had become creditors of the Treasury for a
sum which had not been paid at the restoration. An ar-
rangement took place between the King's commissioners
and the proxy of the interested party, on the 28th of Oc-
tober, 1819, and was approved of by the Dey of Algiers.
It definitively fixed the debt at 7,000,000 of francs, to be
paid by twelfths, from the Ist of March, 1820. But it
was also expressly stipulated (Art. 4), that the French
subjects who should themselves have any claims to make
against Baeri and Butna7ll might oppose the payment, and
that a sum equl to the amount of their reelamations should
be kept in reserve, till the French tribunals should have
decided on their respective rights.
" Conformably to this condition, the French subjects
were invited to produce their clams, and as the sum of
their demands amounted to about 2,500,000 francs, the
Royal Treasury paid Baeri and Busnach 4,500,000 francs
which still remained of the whole amount of the debt, and
deposited the rest in the Caisse des Depots et Consig

nations.
" This measure was but the strict execution of the
Convention of October. But the Dey soon pretended
that the French tribunals were too long in giving their
judgment—that the Government ought to intervene, in
order to hasten their judgment—and, in fine, that the
Royal Treasury ought to deliver the sum contested to him-
self ; adding, that the French subjects might then come
to Algiers in order to submit their claims to him.
" These pretensions were contrary to the convention of
the 28th of October : they were not lees so to the dignity
of the French Government, which could not even have
consented to them without going farther than it was en-
titled to, by interfering with the course of justice and
transferring to others the decision •of causes which were

then pending before the ttil;unals alone. These explana-
tions were given at different times to the chief of the Re-
gency, who was not satisfied with then*, and persisted in
asking, as a condition of the continuance of his relations
with France, the immediate payment of seven mil-
lions of francs. In a letter, which he himself wrote to

the Minister of Foreign Affairs, this alternative was
couched in such haughty terms, that M. de Damns did
not think proper to answer directly, and contented himself
with exposing the whole affair anew to the Consul-Gene-
ral of the King, at Algiers, ordering him, at the same
time, to have a verbal explanation with the Dey, on the
subject. M. Deval had not received this letter when he
presented himself, according to the custom, at the palace
of the Dey, on the eve of the Mahoinetan festivals. This

Prince, on asking the Consul-General if he had no letter
to deliver to him, received a negative answer, and he im-
mediately struck M. Deval several times with a fan which
he had in his hand, and ordered lino to leave his presence.
" After such an outrage committed in public on the
pereon of the French representative, the King's Govern-
ment could listen to nothing else but its offended dignity.
This last insult completed the outrageous proceedings of
the Regency. Every kind of connexion was henceforward
imposiible between France and Algiers, before the national

honour of the former had obtained of the latter the most
signal satisfaction. Baron de Daman gave orders to the
Consul-General to require it immediately, or to leave
Algiers without farther delay. It was refused, and M.

Deval had hardly left the town, when the Dey gave orders
to the Governor of Constantine to destroy all the French

establishments in Alrica by fire and sword. The order
arms executed with punctuality, and the fort Lacalle was
. .

entirely demolished:
" The King sent to Algiers a squadron of his fleet, with
orders to maintain a most rigorous blockade. Notwith-
standing the zeal and the courage of our navy, this mea-
sure has not been attended with the success that was at
first expected from it. The blockade has cost France near

20,000,000 of francs, without having caused the enemy
sufficient damage to determine him to give satisfaction and
to sue for peace.
" The dignity of France and the interests of the King's
subjects who are engaged in commercial transactions with
the north of Africa, required that a new system, more

energetic and decisive, should be adopted ; however, the
Government of the King, being desirous of carrying the

scone of the War cm the Algerine territory only -when it

should became indispensable, determined on a new attempt
at reconeiliation with the Dey. During the month of
July, 1829, Captain de la Bretonniere was sent to Algiers
with orders to open negociations, should the Regency ap-
pear disposed to render us justice. This step, which
proved the moderation of France, was not sufficient to con-

quer the obstinacy of the Dey, and a new insult to our fldg,
a new violation of the rights and laws of nations, filled the
measure of the perfidy of the Regency, and made all re-
conciliation henceforward incompatible with the honour of
the nation. As M. de la Bretonnire was leaving the port,
a general volley of all the batteries near the vessel was di-

rected against it, and it,received no less than eighty halls.
The fire ceaxed only when the fillip was out of reach.
" Such is a brief account of the outrages for which the
King ix preparing to take vengeance ; violation of the laws
_ _

of actions ; infraction of the treaties and conventions ;
arbitrary exactions ; insolent pretensions, contrary to the
laws of the kingdom, and prejudicial to the rights of
French subjects ; the pillage of our vessels ; violation of
the residence of our diplomatic agents; a public insult
proffered to our Consul; attack directed against the flag
of truce.

" The Dey seems to have done all to make war in-
evitable, and to excite the courage of our soldiers, to whom
is reserved the noble mission of avenging the dignity of
the crown, and of delivering France and Europe of the
treble scourge that the Christian Powers have too long
endured ; the slavery of their subjects, the tributes which
the Dry extorts from them, and the piracy which renders
insecure the coast of the Mediterranean, and threatens,
without ceasing, all vessels navigating in that sea."—
Moxiteur.

rienNam Feane.—PAare, APRIL 2n.—Five per Conks., 105 f.
90c. I/sc. 106 f. 101 f. De. ; Four per Cents., 101 f. 40c. ; Three per
Cents., 83f. Bk. 80c. 85e. 90c. ; Bank Stock, 1,915 E 1,913 f. '7se. ;
Routes de Naples, Pf. 70c. tS5c. ; Rente, dlispagne, 15; Royal
Spanish Loan, SOU% %; Rento Perpetuelle d'E.pagne, 797 i
; Haytian Loan, 115f—Exchange on London—One month,
paper, Slbf &So.:: money, 25f. Go.; three months, paper, SW. 4.50.;
money, 25f. 45c.—Coars Authentique.

The following are extracts from the Dutch and
German Papers :

TILE MACIAS, APRIL 20.

His Majesty has been pleased to decree some regulations
for the management of exportation of wheat and flour by
sea. If exported from the ports of Amsterdam, Antioch,
Rotterdam, Ostend, Harlengen, or Ghent, destined for the
trans:twine possessions of the kingdom or others, during
the years 1830, 1,2, a bounty of one florin for every hsr-
rel weighing ninety Netherland pounds shall he paid out
of the fund for the encouragement of national industry ;
one pound more or less to make no difference. This
flour not to be liable to any import duties in the tiansma-
rine possessions of the kingdom.

One of the opposition Papers, the Pilot Antwerp,
has ceased to appear since the middle of this month.
We learn that his Majesty some time ago made a presen•
of 40,000 florins, to the distre,.sed inhabitants of some

parts of Guilderland, who have been reduced to absolute
poverty by the inundations.
It is affirmed that some of the former students of the
Philosophical College have lately been invited by the
Bishop of Liege to undergo their examination, in order,
if they are qualified, to be admitted into the Episcopal
Seminary.

rixamor, APRIL 15.
The Commercial Gazette of St. Petersburgh con-
tains a decree, sanctioned by the Emperor, respecting the
building of merchant vessels. Various privileges are
granted for the encouragement mid improvement of naval
architecture, and particularly a great redaction is made in
certain duties, to which every ship was subject. All
captains and pilots of merchantmen are exempt from
serving in the Imperial navy, and when they have been
twelve years at sea, may claim a gold or silver medal. In
consequence of the present scarcity of Russian seamen it
is allowed to employ foreign seamen till 1840; after that
only three-fourths of the crew may be foreigners, and after
1850 only one-fourth.

AMSTERDAM, APRIL 20.—Exchange On London
12. 30. ; two months, 12. 22 5-10.

CONSTA:NTINOrLH, MARCH 26.
This being the festival of the Miran, the Sultan, ac-
companied by his household, the Ministers of the Porte,
and his body guard, repaired from the barracks at Ramis
Tchiflik, to the mosque of Ejub, to perform the prayers
presented for this the greatest of the Mahometan festivals,
and then returned to the barrack, where the great officers,
civil and military, were admitted to offer their compli-
ments and congratulations. The:Ministers of the great
Courts, who wished to see the procession, had places
assigned them in horses nearer to the mosques of Ejub.
Among other measures lately ordered by the Sultan is the
banishment to Nieomedia of Avei Bey, who is well
known for his frewot intercourse with the Franks, his
pleasing manner, and several missions. He had hitherto
enjoyed the especial favour of the Sultan, but drew upon
himself this reproof by too great freedom of conduct
during the Ramadan. Afore importance is attached
to the banishment to Monaster of the former Grand
Vizier, Mahorned Selim Pacha, whose disgrace is
said to have been occasioned by the occurrences
in Albania and at Joannina, where the Albanians, discon-
tented at the refusal to pay their arrears, committed great
excesses.

The dignity of Governor of Romelia is conferred on the
Grand Vizier, Redschid Mahomed Pacha. His son, Emir
Pacha, is appointed Governor:ofJoannina, and Mahommed
Pacha, Governor of Jenischer or Larissa. It is worth
mentioning, as a remarkable fact, that- several hundred
Hydriots lately arrived here, who, for want of employ-
ment in the Greek marine, have, as they used to do,
sought and found employment on board the Turkish fleet.
The sanitary state of this capital is at present very satis-
factory ; in Adrianople the number of sick has greatly di-
►ninished, in consequence of the judicious measures
adopted by the Grand Vizier.

FRANKFORT, APRIL O.—Exchange on London, two
ninths, 1532..

Lisbon Papers have been received. Their
contents are of no moment :

Ltsnorr, APRIL 4.
We publish to-day, with the greatest satisfaction, I

. -
energetic measure which his Most Christian Majesty has
taken to defeat, by his firmness, the revolutionary projects
which agitated France, and excited well-founded alarms in
the minds of all friends to the stability of Monarchies.
his Majesty having asserted his royal prerogatives to retain
his Ministry. (Here fo)low extracts front the French
Papers, containing the Address of the Chamber, the
King's Answer, and the Ordonnance of Prorogation.)
Aram 7.—The official part of the Gazette contains a
royal Alvara to the following effect :
I, the King, make known to all those who shall see
this Alvara, that it hL4ng absolutely necessary that in the
corps of cavalry and the companies of the train of any
regimental army, there should be veterinary surgeons, who
by acquiring an actual knowledge of that art may be
able to fill those places in a manner advantageous to my
service, and it being equally proper that this knowledge
should become ener.l, for the public good, in the
preservation and breeding of all kinde of domestic cattle,
such as horses, oxen, and sheep, for which end it is indis-
pensable to found a veterinary school, in which the said
art may be properly taught, I have resolved as follows :
(Here follows the regulation, in twelve articles, with
varn.us subdivisions, ordering the foundation of a vete-
rinary school, in which the course of study shall embrace
five years.)

(On the Bth and 9th no Papers were published. The
Gazette of the 10th is filled with the debates in the Eng-
lish House of Lords, upon the Marquis of Clantiearde's
motion, restive to the events before Terceira.)

The Report of the Committee on the Com-
merce and Navig.ttion of the United States, on
the effect of the Tariff of 1828, and on the past
and present condition of American shipping, has
just been re-published in London. It has made
a deep impression throughout all the States of
the Union, and will, we trust, be read in this

country with the attention to which the import.
ante of such a document, and the character o

s author Mr. CAMBRELING, lay claim. Nations,

like individuals, will sometimes refuse to act in
conformity with their true interest, until a fatal
experience shews them the necessity of returning
to a wise and sound line of policy. The Ame-
ricans have, at length, made this discovery ; and
from the facts laid before Congress, in the shape
of official returns, have began to perceive the
error of the notions entertained by the accumu-
lated popular wisdom of Congress, of the efficacy
of those fiscal measures lately adopted to increase
this commercial prosperity by restrictions and
prohibitory regulations. They now see, more-
over, that the national interest cannot be ad-
vanced by compelling a'powerful and industrious
neighbour to resort to measures of retaliation.
Since the peace of 1815, it had been considered
the perfection of American state policy to ex-
chicle, by gradually increased duties, British
manufacturers from the markets of the United
States, and to destroy a prosperous and most
advantageous commercial intercourse between
the two countries, at the expence of nine-tenths
of their own population, of which, according to
the census of 1820, 6,696,804 were engaged in
agriculture, and only 894,126 in trade and ma-
nufactures. The people of the United States,
who are essentially agricultural and must remain
so for centuries to come, have thus been sacri-
ficed, for no other purpose than to encourage a
few infant manufacturing establishments, which
prove to be as ephemeral as the paper credit
upon which they were founded. Within the
short space of time alluded to no less than six
Acts of Congress on the naval intercourse with
this country, and three new Tariffs, were con-
sidered necessary to obtained the desired end.
And what was the ultimate result of all this
enacting, amending, and re-enacting ? Why, let
us hear the Committee's opinion on the subject.

The Tariff of 1816," says the Report " laid the
foundation of all subsequent errors, and we have now
been engaged for fifteen years in an unprofitable ex-
periment, to effect what embargo, non-importation, non-
intercourse, and war failed to accomplish. We have at-
tempted, by the mere force of congressional decrees, to resist
the natural and salutary tendency of our industry to com-
mercial and agricultural pursuits. We have been steadily
sacrificing the commerce, navigation, and capital of New
England, merely to bring forward new competitor. in
manufacturing, to ,robarrass our old and skilful artisans,
and to ruin therneelres. We have, from session to erasion,

kept trade in such agitation and uncertainty that the value
of property could never be ascertained till the adjournment
of Congress, and this we have called encouraging and pro-
tecting our industry. We have wasted millions of our
aneient profits of commerce in a visionary experiment to
increase our national wealth."
This is plain but strong language, as be-
comes men who ought to speak out the whole
truth. The fact is, never did aggression upon
the industry of a foreign nation recoil so corn-
pletely on its own planners, as the prohibitory
measures of which the Report so loudly com-
plains. It seems as if the former administration
of the United States had entirely lost sight of
the real interests of the people, when with a po-
pulation of about two inhabitants to the square
mile, and with little or no spare capital out of
their agricultural and commercial pursuits, the
Cabinet of WASHINGTON attempted to compete
with the most powerful manufacturing interests
in the world, stimulating thereby the exertions Of
British industry, aided by the prompt assistance
given it by its Government, which ranks not only
as a European, but likewise, as an American
power of the first magnitude.
" We are evidently sacrificing," says the Report,
." the
rich resources of a young country in an attempt to force
manufactures against all the rules which regulate and con-
troul industry. We do not appreciate the astonishing in-
fluence of the enormous manufacturing capital of Great
Britain, and the productive power of her skill, economy,
and low wages. No nation, whether of Europe or Ame-
rica, can successfully contend in manufactures against an
overgrown accumulatiodof the profits of commerce, an-
nnally increasing at compound interest, acting with a
velocity continually accelerated, and in times of tranquil-
lity having scarcely any limits to its operation. We can do
much in this country, but we cannot accomplish impos-
sibilities."
While the reduction of our commercial code,

instead of checking our maritime commerce, has
steadily extended it, the policy of the Americans
has proved highly injurious to their commercial
marine, which, since the peace of 1815, has re-
mained almost stationary. The tonnage of Bri-
tish vessels employed in the foreign trade, and
entered inwards in our ports, amounted in

1815 to 1,372,108 tons
1820 ... 1,668,060 do.
[ 825 ... 2,144,596 do. Increase from 1815 to 1828,
[826 ... 1,950,630 do. 722,249 ton..
827 ... 2,086,898 do.]
828 ...2,094,357 do.

The American shipping employed in the
foreign trade, and entered inwards during the
same period in their ports, amounted in

815 to 700,500 tons
820... 801,253 do.

825 ... 886,536 do. I. Thermo from 1815 to 1828,
826 ... 910,635 do. only 124,281 tone.

627 ... 900,199 do.

828 ... 824,781 do.

A still more striking proof of the advantages
of a liberal commercial policy will be found in

;he trade with our North American Colonies,

the shipping employed in which increased from
157,643 tons (the amount entered inwards in
1815) to 400,841 tons in 1828, being double
the increased tonnage of the United States ship-
ping to all parts of the world; and whilst Bri-
tish vessels entered in our ports from.the United
States increased from 32,602 tons to 80,158,
or 150 per cent. during the same period, the
American shipping entered in our ports exhibit

an increase of 20,491 tons only, viz., from
117,683 in 1815 to; 138,174 in 1828. So
much for the wisdom of restrictive laws, and
for the effect of those fallacious doctrines which
are even yet upheld by not a few persons both
in this country and America. 'We rejoice at
their approaching downfall in the United States,
and also at the feelings of friendship and
good feeling towards Great Britain, which
characterise the Report of the Committee.

" Our commerce," says the Report, " with

,‘ Great Britain and her dependencies is far more

" important to us than with any other country,
~ and the trade with the United States is, in a
" commercial point of view, the most valuable

" branch of the commerce of Great Britain

" There are no two other countries so deeply
" interested in securing and preserving the most
" friendly and liberal reciprocity." That these

sentiments may long continue to govern the

administration of General JACKSON and his

successors, should be the cordial hope of all

good citizens on both sides of the water.

The royal standard at the Tower was struck
this morning about twelve o'clock, which has excited au
unusual sensation, as it has alwcys, previously, continued
flying daring the whole of the Kara's birth-day.
REPRESENTATION OF SUSSEX.—It IS
rumoured in the western pert of the county, that in case of
a dissolution of Parliament, WALTER BURRELL. Esq., will
retire from public life, and that 11. HASLER, jun., Esq.,
of Bognor, who is about to lead to the hymeneal altar a
relation of Lord EGREMONT'B, is &stined to be the western
member.—Brighton Gazette
We are glad to perceive that a meeting of the
landholders of the county of Dublin has been convened
for Friday next, to take into consideration the rainone
measures contemplated by the CIRANCILLOE of the Ex-
CHIQUEZ with respect to the agricultural interests of this
country.—Dublin Evening Mail.

VIE KING'S BIRTH-DAL—This being the
anniversary of his MainTr's natal-day, the usual demon-
strations of joy were observed. Though, perhaps, the
ringing of the bells of the metropolitan churches was not
carried to the extent as on former occasions, his MA..
MITT'S illness may probably be the cause of this Nunie-
row flags and streamers were displayed in various parts of
the town. On the Horse Guards, the Palace, the Tower,
and Somerset House, the beautiful banner was also mounted.
On the Shot Factory, Waterloo-bridge, and many other
places below bridge the eight was very pleasing. The
shipping, almost without exception, being decorated with
flags, the Union-jack, &e., which, owing to the high
wind, were kept in constant agitation. At one o'clock
the enstoinary salutes were given at the Tower and in the
Park.

A I,MACK'S.--On 'Wednesday evening last
this fashionable place of resort was opened for the season,
and was attended by meat of the fashionables at present in
town.

On Sunday evening, the Daniel O'Connell,
from St. John's, was towed up the quay of Sligo, and was
greeted by the cheers of the populace, Several other ves•
eels now lying at the quay, are distinguished by names
which render their juxta-position rather odd in the n,,n-
tical nomenclature—we have, for instance, the William
Pitt, the Duhe of Wellington, and the Britannia. By
one of those fortuitous circumstimers which sometimes
afford an opportunity for the display of native wit, the
Dasiel O'Connell was run in between the Britannia
and the quay, from which the latter was forced to reeede
a little. A wag, on remarking this, exclaimed that the
Union was dissolved !—Sligo Observer.
