ttiE' 5u'N,.....i,0:13.6.N. ivibistD.ii JULY►' ii, i_ict

state of the business ; but have the Judges listened to
these by direinishine, their own comforts and extending the
Session? No ; and the Learned Lord says Government
is not prepared to advise the extension of the Sessions.—
Now, Sir, to show in what a state our Courts are, I
have a return of the appeals to the House of Lords,
from the Courts of the three kingdoins from 1823 to
1836. It is a return made by the House of Lords to
the Committee whose Report I am now commenting
upon, and it begii s in March, 1823, and ends in June,
1836. The whole number of appeals during that period
from the Courts of the three kingdoms was 813. What
will the House suppose was Scotland's share ? Why,
Sir, out of the 813, there were 598 appeals, or s; ry
nearly three-fourths of the whole, from poor Scotland !
—(Hear, hear.) Would any men credit that our
Judges are in such a state of disrepute with
my countrymen that they invariably appeal ? If they can
men of them eos to the
findHo museoonfeyLoerdnso.ughTheereery e
are
thousands who openly de-
clare, We do not care whether you decide against us or
not, we have money in our pockets, and we will go and
oh ain justice from the Lord Ctiettcellor ot Eeetatal.
But what becomes of the poor ? Our Judges c are no-
thing for them. l know of no case of any importance
that has not been brought to the House ot Lords. 598
appeals front Scotland out of 813 is staple proof ot what
sort of justice is administered, and what sort of conduct
the Judges show towards the people of Scotland. Now,
Sir, the motion upon the paper is of it double nature. It
relates not only to the duties of the Jud=os of the Court
of Session, but, as I have said before, it aiso relates to
the office of my Right Hon. and Learned Friend the
Lord Advocate. This is an office entirely unprecedented
in the known world, either for its extent, its unconstitu-
tional character, or the dingier that might be anticipated
if it were placed in hands that chose to wield its powers
arbitrarily and tyrannically. Its powers have been
wielded, so far as my Parliamentary recollection serves
me, and I mean to confiho myself to the pes-ing of the
Reform Bill, with moderation and mildness. The
Lord Advocate is a public prosecutor, and a great
political officer of State, possessing powers of unknown
extent and magnitude. Sir, I hold. it impossible ter
any individual to be a public prosecutor, an office which
i 3 extremely useful, and which I hi .1 eve to he a great
want in theejurisprudence of E tgland—l believe it to be
impossible for a public prosecutor to be connected with
• palitical affiirs, as the Lord Advocate is, at d at the
same time to do justice to his high office. It is all very
well in times of tranquillity, where no danger is to be
apprehended ; but there are pl• my of instances in which
gross tyranny and drrel:ct:on ot duty ha, oceurr,d,
as
can be testified by many Hon. Members oh this House.
—( Hear, hear.) Tint patronage of the Lord Advocete
is said to be little or nothing—perhaps it is not very
visible, but it is enormoas for all that—( 11 -ar)—
and it is well known to the people of Scotland that no
man can succeed to any intim. taut situation unless
by under-hand or over-hand means he i.. enalded to oh-
ain the good opinion and patron tee of the Lord Ad-

the long speeches of Counsel, which Et-a Mi'e Leaned I
Lord Advocate ikeiy iii'' , never exceed four-
teen slitieee hours.—(Hear, hear.) Now, Sir,
ilitte is one cause of confusion and expense in these
Courts which is quite unknown in any other Court in
any country, and that is the way in which Counsel are
continually taken away from the bar. After a case having
been proceeded with, in due form, the Counsel is not
allowed to go on and finish his arguments, but some one
comes frora some other Court, and taps him on the shoul-
der, in the manner of a tipstaff—and away he must fly.
to another Court, probably to plead a cause which
upon some former occasion had been broken off in the
same manner. The Scotch Judges are exceedingly
anxious to hold out the similarity of their duties to those
of the Court of Chancery in this country, and are de-
sirous of throwing dust in peoples eyes, by comparing
the nature of their duties to those of the Court of Chan-
cery. Well, a comparison they shall have. Now, if
Hon. Members will take the trouble to listen to the
Returns I am about to read as to the duties of the
Judges in Chancery, they will hear one of the most ex-
traordinary contrasts that could possibly arise in the ad-
vocacy of any question, and I trust this expose w;11
have the desired effect on the Ministers of the Crown,
and on the Judges of the Court of Session. By the
Return of the Coutt of Session it appears the Inner
Houses sit five days in the week, and two hours daily
for 113 days in the year. •rnat the Lords Ordinary
sit tour days in the week, and four hours daily for 103
days in the year. By a Return to this House, dated
30th March. 1840, No. 178, showing the time the
Masters in Chancery attend their office, independently
of their duties by rotation during the sitting of the
House of Lords, it appears that the days of attendance
in the year vary from 165 to 221, and their hours from
three and three quarters to six hours daily, averaging
188 days, and nearly five hours a day. And it op.
pears, from other sources of information, that. the Vile
Chancellor and Master of the Rolls, each sit thirty
hours weekly, and the Lord Chaneellor twenty-five
hours. The case will therefore stand thus
SCOTCH COURTS, SAID TO RESEMBLE
COURT OF CHANCERY:—
Inner Houses-113 days; two hours daily being 226
hours in the year, or a little more than forty-five days of
five hours each.
Lords Ordinary-103 days; tour hours daily, or 412
hours in the yea-, or eioov-two days of fie, hours each.
COURTS OF CHANCERY.
Lord Ci-ancellor, in his judicial eapacitv as such in the
Caurt of Chancery or ir. the 11-use of Lords, 200 'lays of
four hours daily, or 825 hours in the )car, being 165 (lays
of five hours each.
Master of the Rolls and Vice-Chancellor about 200 days
each, five hours daily ; 1 000 hours in the year, or 200
days of five boors each.
Masters in Chancery, each, on an average, sit, besides
their attendance on the Howe of Lords during the sitting
of Parliament, 183 days, nearly five hours daily, being
940 hours in the year, or 188 days of very nearly five
hours each.

-..... _
._ . .
The House will see from this that, bad as the Court of vocatc. To thew the nature and extent of his powers,
Chancery is, it is only but half as had as the Court I may mention that he has under his controul the
of Session. The Masters in Chancery get 2,5001., Solicitor-General, the Crown Agent, Depute-Advo-
while the Scotch Judges get from 5,000/. to 3,0001. cates, Sheriffs, Procurators Fiscal, Justice of the Peace
with a vacation of seven months in the year, and the Clerks, Borough Court Clerks—( Hear, and a laugh)—
Masters in Chancery get scarcely any vacation at all. Sir,
in fact, there is no office which ever did exist in Scot-
I have already said that three Lords Ordinary do the
land that he does not represent. And if I should cell
whole of the duty, and I have said it might have been him L
uy
chance in this debate the Lord Chancellor,
proved before the Committee that the Court has been
Privy Council, Grand Jury, Coroner, Lord Lieutenant,
managed with twelve Judges only, and virtually now
or Comtnandsr of the Forces by sea and land, I should
has but eleven. It is then, Sir, very plain that fewer
make no mistake, I should he quite right.—( Hear,
than thirteen Judges have carried on the business of the
hear, and renewed laughter.) If I should go further,
Scotch Courts. Again, in what way do the Judgese
and add to these that he now appears to be the keeper
fulfil the duty thrown on them in making laws for the
of the conscience of the General Assembly. Monitor of
guidance of persons practising under them. What
the Judges of the Supreme Court, and Perharneutary
have they done towards making a simple. cheap, and
Representative General for all Scotland, the Honge will
easily understood system of pleading in their Court ? see bow far his influence and power extends. In het,
They have been permitted to make laws under the name no Scotch representative can carry on succ,sstully
of Acts of Sederunt, and it is a fact that those Acts have any public measure affecting Scotland without his
not been revised for upwards of 100 years. It is in nod and concurrence. In addition to these,
evidence before the Committee that no professional it may be said truly that he is commander-in-chief of 311
man, any more than the Judges themselves, can tell our Parliamentary business. No independent Member
what part of them had fallen into disuse, or what might can move a peg, or get a Bill forward a single stage,
now be cited, what was applicable, and what inap- without- his approval, although I do not mean to say
plicable ; and, in short, the Judges have allowed their that he has been so very successful in getting his own
Court to get into such a state of confusion, as to have business forward.—(Loud laughter and cheers ) If the-
caused the very great dissatisfaction admitted by this Lord Advocate was an independent official personage,
Report to exist throughout the whole country. I now then he would Act as the Secretary of state for Ire-
wish to call the attention of the House to the feet, that, i
tama , does, and insist upon turn and turn about with the
upon next Saturday, the 18th inst., the thirteen Judges h ;
Scotcho ..us.ness in this House. He would noi submit
to be put aside or passed over by any man ;hilt lie is tat
may disperse themselves all over Europe, if they
should think tit, and will not be seen in the Court able to do so, being so mixed up wirn political matters.
halls for the ensuing four months, at any rate. I speak of the system, not of the man, and I must.
I know what my Hon. and Learned Friend wilt say on say that I have Lever seen any Lord Advocate one bit
this point. He is going to tell us of a Judge better than
sittihe
-, with regard to Parliamentary independence the
weekly upon the Bill chamber business ; but I will another.—(Hear, hear.) My Hen. and Learned
ask him it' ever the Court-house doors are unlocked Friend who at present holds the office, is about as el-
during the long vacation ? Does not this said Judge ficient as any of them ; but he has much more to do
merely sit in chambers ? That's my question. I say
the Courts are all completely shut. Now there is than Lis Parliamentary duties, and if I were to move for
a return °lase time he has spent in the House of Com-
another fact which I wish to mention, and I have it mons, and the time he spends in the House of
from very , high Authority. It has been.often stated, horde, r
I am quite sure the return would show
and I believe with perfect justice, that the Scotch bar that he has spent thrice as much time in the
cannot maintain the present number of Judges. You latter as in the former. If I was to move for
will find it stated so far back as 1785, by Sir Islay a return of the business which my Right Hon. Friend
Campbell, and corroborated in the Edinburgh Review, has conducted in the House of Lords, as the Court
before alluded to—you will find it acquiesced in by of Appeal trom Scotland, and given his mind thereto,
Lord Jeffiey in that periodical, and by one whose ac- as compared with the tune he has devoted to the
quaintance with jurisprudence was far greater than business of the House of Commons, you would find
that of any of these ; -1 allude to Sir Samuel Ro- that it was ten to one—or, indeed, I don't know
,
milly, in whose memoirs it is recorded that unless what the odds would be—it would te, to use a com-
Pe litical partisans were appointed, the bar
.of Scotland moo phrase, " All England to a Magpie."—( Hear,
could not supply men of sufficient talent, to keep up hear, and much laughter) The House is probably nut
the present number of Judges. Those are authorities aware that, in his capacity of Lord Advocate, be may
which I conceive to be of no small weight, and there- bring the most serious charges against the character of
fore. I do say it is for the consideration of the leader of
any man, in every station, and never bring the mater
this House, who is the adviser of the Crown, whether to public trial, and that without assieniug any reason
he cannot recommend the very small improvement,
which is all I ask at present, of directing that the sittines called a Procurator Fiscal,whatever. We have, in Scotland, a mest useful effieer,
of the Judges should be extended so far as provided whose business it is In eX6L-
mine into crime, and prepare eases for the 'Croat)
for by law if' the Crown shall- so command, 1. ex- C,Sunsel,- the' Depute Advocates; and ihe Lord
pact I shall be told it is . better to leave matters Advocate. Now, Sir, no own can . demand any
alone, and allow the Judges to make -the necessary im-
.inforinstitin as to the eases invest gated by the
provements. But I would- ask, when have -tley castle above- officer. -. The Lord " Advocate may act in
any improvements? That's ref queatine,—.(l-leur.: - such • c Lies,- or e
not act at all, . just as lie pk,,,-,2,s ;
hear.) You have let them alone since 182.5, when you e
ise`may try or dismiss, a party, and 'is not stuiject to
passed the Judicature Act, and I wish to state distinctly any action. for damages for his cenduet. "The tibUSEI
befot a this House my belief that some of these learned of stieb a syStem may be carried to an enormous ex.
men have often stated in private that they would not tent. For example :In the time when Lord . Jeffrey
interfere by Acts of Sederunt, nor would they apply to was Lord Advocate I had occasion to apply for the-
the Legislature to explain and amend the said Judica- particulars of a precognition taken with regard to the
ture Act, but let the people suffer, and take the alleged murder of two seamen belonging to the port
consequences of Parliament interfering with their which I have the honour to represent. Sir, I never
privilege of law-making, which Parliament had could s get a sight of this precognition, nor was the
done in passing the Judicature Act. I do state
' party ever brought to Irk], although- the widows of the
most solemnly that I believe they have never
two men insisted for a public trial; the reply given ine
applied to any Lord Advocate, or stated to was, No, it is contrary to the ordinary course ; and they
the Ministers of the Crown that this Act was too would not and did not produce its I applied again to
stringent and unmanageable, and that they could not work Lord Murray, and after various tedious and protracted
under it beneficially to the public ; and also that they applications I was refused, and according to the system,
have made no complaint, either directly or indirectly, properly refused ; but this will be sufficient to show the
to this House or the other House of Parliament, or House the enormous, irresponsible, and dangereus power
the Queen's Government. No, they have sat, as I said of the Lord Advocate of Scotland. Now, Sir, a great
deal has been said with regard to the criminal duty of
before, in a sullen sulky mood, and seen thousands of
my unfortunate countrymen ruined entirely in trying the Scotch Judges. The fact of the matter is ilea it
questions of mere form. Will the Learned Lord Advo- is now-a-days comparatively a mere farce, being
cute deny that ?He may deny the allegation I have made, almost entirely prepared or provided for by Sheriffs
as to why they have done so ; but he cannot deny the fact and theft Procurators Fiscal ; and if any one
that thousands and thousands have been ruined by try- doubts this, let hint go into the High Court
ing mere questions of form. These, Sir, are what I of Criminal Justice in 'Edinburgh, or any where
conceive to be the neglects, if not faults of the Judges, else in Scotland, which has been so much lauded,
and the reasons why I think they ought no longer to and lie will fled there sitting three Judges, a Lord Advo-
be continued in their high prerogative, but to be sub- cate, a Solicitor-General, and one of his Deputes, per-
jected to Parliamentary interterence. If they were con- baps, trying two or three little cnildreo, from eight to
fined to one Court, in place of running about from twelve years old. There they would be found in their
Court to Court, as at present, the business of Ermine, with their Lord Advocate, or those under him,
the country would be done a great deal be ter. with all the paraphernalia of a great court ot jthtice,trynig
it the Courts of Exchequer, the ivied Court, such insignificant cases, just as it' they had coleinitted
and Justiciary, were merged into the Court of the most heinous crime of hie') treason. Toe seine
seine
Session, and the duties of those several Courts done farce pervades the eh cuits of the few towns the Criminal
in rotation as busing ss occurs, there would be no ex- Judges visit, for there, as In Edinburgh, they find the
cuse for two co-ordinate Courts of Review—there cases so thoroughly sifted and prepared by the excellent
would be no longer an excuse for thirteen Judges, and and efficient local authorities, and under the odious but
there would be an immense improvement in the adminis-
easy system of applying the former sentences of Inferior
tration of justice, and great saving of expense and delay courts,
to eke out the crime which poor ignorant crea-
to suitors and the country. I say, Sir, Parliament is tures stand accused of, which system is in Scotland
bound to interfere. That such interference is access try has called " Hebit and Repute," that the Judges now have
been amply shown by the evidence taken 'actors the Corn- rarely cases to try of any great difficulty. In fact, the
mittee, but which is not to be found noticed specifically parade of Judges entering Circuit towns in Gown and
skies.—(A laugh.) If sensible
in the Report by the Chairman, although glanced at Wig, and - preceded by Trumpeters, &c., is n"‘"
in the last pagee as much as to say, these are things mocked at b
which have been spoken to by the witnesses, but they were Avid yet this
at by unprejudiced piarteiease,hitcowuitillt Judaea and the
part of the duty of our
of such minor importance to the main object of Counsel Lord Advocate's department has been lauded to the
being allowed to speak,or rather to palaver for hours upon
hours if they thought fit, whether the Judges sufficientlyof our criminal jurts-
portion of the people.
auSnit:i:rdedntandi
eliya Stipendiary prudence, iliae
sy• • dbe calmly looked
d
as at present aummistere ,
under.tood the case or not, as not to be worthy of' grave
consideration. There is another circumstance 1 wish authorised to try,
six-month) circuits
to mention. I have been asked by An itfluential Mem-
n'
als with the aid of a Jury, the
her close by me, what I bad to say to the allegation congregating ofF 1
--snaleParsinmonths togeitn.r in our gaols
respecting the reading of long law papers? I say there for ybe, man feat that with
shall arrive, is no less un-
should now be no long law papers.—(Hear, bear, and just than int oliti . cases occur of capital punish.
laughter.) If there are still long law papers, they oughtewo
meats. TransportationPL, It, Wane, Chairmen of
to be prohibited by the Court and not read by the Quarter
Sessions
isi
nn
g d may award that horrid
Judges. Such papers are not only complained of by punishment—Ste
s in
•ilna (ea eusey Judges in Scotland
the suitors but by the profession, they are actually pro-peothary . .
are far higher I es than Chairtn"n of Qiter-
hibited by the- Act of 1825, and are repudiated strongly al auttdiore:ve
ter Sessios, ande to bo enti woes}, wittr at
and most properly in this very Report by the Learned well eset , a ,es
least their o Doe secotau aercuite are,
Lord Advocate. There rnay be an excase for the Judges wers—l.repas '
than now-a-days,i useful ; foe another
retiring into the country whenever they can. No . .. more heu,!-ious 1
e to complain is that
monstrous thing of which I say .
man can blame them for so doing, however much the : e
cite, cases are cot II wed to be tried with the e'd of a
system is blame-worthy. We all know that it is a much Jury on Circuit. aowould be too great a boon ; it
more pleasant thing to go into the country and amuse This't would not occupy sufficient
would
.save
ourselves than to stay here and work hard, and I ;line to keep up the ; i delusion of the hard labour iin-
suppose they think the same. But when you thei
posed on our Judges, -e one set follows another,
allow men to retire for a considerable period to their there,or
and so keeps I have a return ready
country residences they do •
not feel any desire to to move for,Ps uwPis'appearancesa.dc,
will show that the seine
return to their studies, and I believe at the end of the Judges
aresent to
when made,
s i cases with the aid of a
Session all of us d.slike these blue books (alluding to Jury, in the ve y ttosetnry ctilv)e Circuits had immediately
the Report which he held in his hand), a great deal previously beennTheldo in.s We are not accused, as a nation,
less than we do at the commencement of the following of behts. g. ignorant or just, and yet we are prevented
one. No man desires more than Ido that our Judges from trying civil caseusnon'Circuit, and are forced to try
should be in comfortable and respectable situations—all them in Edinburgh, so as to give the Judges the least
I desire is that they should give us more of their time possible trouble, and the profession there the
in Court,whether that time should be occupied in listen- .in the paraphernalia
greatest gain. Then, again. '
Counsel, or in giving reasons
ing to the arguments of .
and consequent expense of isolated Jury trial
for their decisions, which- latter I conceive to be far is such as_ to deter the People of Scotland from
the most important. The whole drift of the Learned entering the Courts of Session, and the mach!.
Lord's Report is, that Counsel may be allowed to talk as , nary of that Court is soch en infernal c intris
much as they please. The Court have long had the power I eat,„ that
no
man ,
iu
ili,
biois..e.
tviii
settee:,
',o
go
to eet‘ee the seeelee—Miley Lease had it tar mail years. 1 there.—(Laughter.) I- repeat, Sir, the machieery of
There are enormous arrears, and a general dissatisfac- that Court may fairly be called an infernal machine,
tion has been espreased -throughout Scotland as to the In the fiat place, ouch aro its forms and procesdinis
ungdgecsr.eirrtment,tem

,ar.o

WI( XI

that it very frequently takes two years to get ,t race rite
length of a Jury.—( Heat, hear.) But then it has bee,
alleged that we are a capricious people, and that many
not go into Courts out of two., caprice. Now 1
have been curious enough to make some tequ ri on
that subject, acid in. eery instance. ill an3wet •o those
inquiries, i..waS told that caprice had nothing to diti
a preventing pariyfrOth seeking his rathts in the Courts,
but that it was so difficult and.tediotis to obtain justice
in them that parties were afraid of cttemptina TO do so.
—( Hear, hear.) It is th- expense, delay, and vexation
which the people have suffered which his created the
dissatisfaction so often r, petted in the B. port now in
my hand, which, if not the production of toe Lard Ad-
vocate, has had his unqualifi ad approbation, as it has
had of the whole of the Members of the Committee, one
oniy excepted. The people are ignorant in general. of
the complaint of the Judges' impatience in bearnu
cases. Tats is a protessional allegation. ant never was
heard of by we amongst the innumerable complain s
against the Courts which have rung in thy ears ft.!!!
Pk.", qo trier. Tile hearing id' Counsel at iength
doubt is highly proper, but doing so will neii her aug-
ment the Sessious nor dtanii sli tae vac it ions, nor t etoot e
the general dissatisfaction which at last is uuiversally ad-
mitted to exist. Sir, I have endeavoured, considering
the importance of this subject, to bring it as shortly as
possible berore the House, having in the of
yesterday received a salutary hint from the Lord Aivo-
cate of its being dangerous to interfere with the
Learned Judges in Scotland—( A laugh)—and not
having been much encouraged by the Nobie Lord, the
leader of tins House, to exp-ct that. he would advise be
Crown to command theze Judges, in virtue of. the Act of
Parliament, to extend their Sessions two months lenger in
the year. Perhaps this may be according to the general
cr,urse adopted by Ministers, of intending to do
what is required, even when they do not hold out any
hopes at the time, to adopt it at a future day ; and pre-
suming that perhaps that may be the case, and tieing per-
fectly certain with the Government against me I
cannot succeed. I will not take upon myself the re-
sponsibility of an adverse decision at this petit:A of the
Session, by calling upon Ow House to expreas its
opinion. but will leave to the Noble Lard the S,:eretary
of State, and those whom he consuits, the woole ic-
sponstbility of this important question, and 1-• t them
take the conequences--(Hear, hear.) Therefore, 1
beg to withdra-v the notice 1 have given, that is, not to
make the motion of which I had given notice.—( Hear.)

(FROM ot:a owtti )
ROYAL YACHT SQUADRON IN rgi.LI(II?.KCE
Ag( neral meeting of he noloh, is ,:f t 6 .7.sq•. 'drat ~its
held a,. the Squldron F. p 3
moclore the Eal of Yarb,tough, !o the ; Vice-
Ganmoriore the hail of licita•t ; Alita,nd H,II, Esq ,
Smith Harry, E-q., Captain A L. Cc:qty. li N.. H.
Inn,oot. Esq . Rwhrird F Atilt] ktiti. Esq.. A W. C rbet,
Eq , Radel ff Esq . Jones Weil, Esq,, .1 ,101
11 ,kk Esq
The following c,indid,te4 a' re .elected nietrib 'ras J.
Davetipott, R•q and the Erl Groivrtmr. 11---
in,rary nic Lber—Cainato T ;.?, N.
Th.' foll woig rsswin ions wen, agrced
1 st. The proceedings of the last geFwr.l mo•eting aver"
read and confirmed, with the add thin to tiro 14th resolu-
tion, which was orderill to stiont thus—'• Any no Ther
giving notice of hi. int, ration to bring forward any r to.
lotion re'ative to tne disposal of a y portion of the fund. i
of the. Club as a subscription or donation to any so,ciety,
purpose, or per.on (not connected with the Rot •I
Y cat
Squsdruo). niu,t be a subscriber, donor, or cootributor to
th • 'a ne, Ihrou,tt the Secretary, of a sum is t less that,
51 o) giving -uch notice.
William Corning, Esq. was appointed Royal Yacht
Squadron Agent at Jersey, and Hobeler, EA., at Dan sic.
Resolved—That this meeting cannot sanction a member
wearing the Ro al Yacht Squadron burgee in any ress. I
nit on Eroe li,t of the Squadron.
R .solved—That two vessels only of the 4 h class basing
en ere-t for the Royal Yacht Squadrin Cup. the Cup be
scljudged to the 7th class (yachts abo,c 115 t -ins) accoid-
i,ig to the resolution pass, d in May last, provided the re-
iiumb:r be entered by the neat general meeting in

Auausc
lit,solr,d—Tha! the thanks of this meeting be given to
CJnynoflore the Earl of Yarborough, for his canduct in
the Cnair

Died on Sunday, at the Squadron House, Mrs. Kondal,
many years the housekeeper and able styviintendatit of
that establishment.
The weather during the past week has been so wet and
stormy bat we have but fea arrivals, and many of the best
houses are still unlet. Amongst the atipliearrs for houses
on the Ist of August are E Jr! Gicy, Lurd Sidney, Lady
de liorscy, Sir Robert Peel, Bart., and Lord Carrington.
Lord Clonbrock has taken Sir J. Hippesley's villa. •

CONCERT:!) IYETE.

THEATRE ROYAL DRURY-LANE.

Mr. Eliason goes on his course rejoicing, re-
jo'ciog not himself only, but all those who nightly
throng this now very fashionable pace of amusement
It cruivdcd houses betoken a flourishing treasury, then
must the treasury of tins theatre be in a more satisfac-
tory state than it has been for some years past ; rind
weli does Mr. Eliason merit the patronage of the public
for his successful endeavours to provide tor them a mu-
sical treat of a high order, and at a price within the
means of every one who can affard to indulge in aoy
wouseinent at all. On S ,turlay evening. for instance,
in addition to quadrilles, walizs, Lite.. we had the fol-
lowing pieces of classical music, as admirably performed
as they could possibly be by any orchestra in the
world. The overtures to " Les Deux Journies," by
Cherubini—to " La Muctte de Portici" (better known
in this country as the orcrture to Masanieilo), by
Aaber, cinch was deservethy honoured with a hearty
encore—to " Guillaume Tell," by Rowni—and Beet-
hoven's " Sinfonia Pastorale." This symphony was
listened to with the most profound attention and delight,
and at its conclusion was most rapturously applauded.
This is an additional proof of the great increase in
inu,ical taste and knowlege, which has takon place
among the English public ot late years. Even ten years
since no conductor ot a ci.ncert, except tat; audience
were composed exclusively of the dilletanti, would have
ventured to have inserted such a piece as this in his
progr,mme. Toe shutting public, as Mr. Croker phrases
it, of than day, would have become uproarious at the men-
tion of a symphony, out the shil:inp, public of the present
day understand and appreciate this splendid work ; and
it is to this increased taste that we attribute the col-
tempt into which those nondescripts, which have been
somewhat facetiously termed English operas, have fallen
of late years. The public know now what an opera
ought to be, and aie coascquently aware that neither a
dull farce nor an absurd melodrama iS an opera, albeit
it may be preceded by a flourish of trumpets, sprinkled
with songs, possessing little rhyme and less reason, and
terinmated try a noisy meaningless chorus. The musical
public in England is greatly in advance of the musical
prole sion, and if the members of that frolession cannot
or will not supply music of the order whirl' the public
require, they have only themselves to thaa if they are
treated with neglect. Let them, ins! eid of being mere
adapters and arrangers, become composers ; let them
study their profession as
.Mozart studied it, as
Beethoven studied it, as Weber studied it ; the -same-
success will attend tnein as attended those great men-,T
arid we will answer for it they will have no occasion to
complain ot lack of patronage. We could name two
or three among the English profession who can do great
things it they like—who, it they cultivate their genius
by study, may become the founders of an Englislisehool
ot music, and give us that which, with one or two ex-
ceptions, we hare never yet had—a realty classical Eng-
lish opera. But to return to the concert of Saturday
evening. We krd, besides these pieces, three solos.
One by M. Collinet, on the 'flageolet, an instrument
witch has hiqierto been considered of small account,
hut which, in the hands of Colinet, discourse•
most excellent ; another on the cornet—i-
pistun, by Herr Kwoig, who is tar and away the
best performer on that instrument in England, perhaps
ui Europe ; and one on the picolo by Al. Jullien, one
ot the conductor;. Tuts last pieer• is called the Night-
ingale, and d!ies cubit credit to the powers of M. Jui•
ram as a coniposi,r and as a performer—lns imitation of
the jug note of the n•ghttogale is perfect. Succe,s does
nut make Mr. Eidson careless, tor we understand that,
to the celebrated artists already engaged, he
has secur d the services ot. Frisch, the ceienrated flute
player, whose arrival in England is daily expected, and
who will app,ar at these Cout+rts umnediateiy atter-
,Alr. aiason has Rene, and is doing, the cause
of musical science in this country immense Sur% lee, by.
theSe Concerts. We cordiaLy co igr4tulate Mai on the
success which has hitherto attended his praiseworthy
exertions;, and' hail that success as a happy omen for the
future. -

THE DUI t: OF SUsSs-X A7kD HIS

CHILDREN.

(From the Dublin Evehing
There is 110 journal, however inter, or in talent, or li-
mited in circulation, that is not the centre of some
circle, and which (toes not represent the sentiments
and opinions of such a section in the community as is of
least sufficient in numerical strete;th to insure its exist-
ence. It, then, We Were to form an estim de he ag-
gregate
.from the inuividual journals of every party,
division, and sect—political as well as religious—who
have treated of the position of the Duke of Sussex and
his children, we should say that no one subject has
for the I ist thirty year= been brought before she i.uh•
he in both eountrie, ois which so emelt s)inpatity has
been caressed, or so great unity of sentiment evinced,
as in the universal feeling manifested in favour of the
children of his Royal Highness and the late Lady
Augusta Murray. Indeed throughout the whole range
of the press in either country, but one solitary instance
occurred in which there was a depart ure from this
course, in any notice teketi of the subiiot. That w sin
the case of the Morning chronicle; hut they article
which appeared in that Juurna, was so tnamte,tly not the
production of any writer connected with the usteblish-
merit, and bore such evident marks of having been
manufactured by some walker or runner belonging
to Kensington Palace, and withal produced such
an impression of disgust upon those who read or
heard of it, than the attempt never was repeated.
It is an immense point gsined, and a great step towarls
the ultimate triumph of Augustus of Este and his Royal
sister that this feeling has been created ; but those who
have been so aroused will not be satisfii that so much
goodly sympathy should go to waste. The piddle liming
done its duty teWards those persecuted children—hating
for the nonce buried in oblivion all political feuds, and
sacrificed to a. love of jusiice all personal animosities—
will expect that they, or at least Sir Augustu-i, ill t.lo
something to vindicate his mother's fame trout the me.
d odium sought to he cast upon it ; and, in asserting
Isis own dignity, ju)tity the British and the Irish
in the stand tney have made and are ready to maintain
in his behalf

As yet we have not been able to trace any movement
upon his part ; and w c are the more surprised at this.
as to us the course to be pursued appears so clear and
obvious. Means—providio4 they be proper and lawful
means—are not only justified by all ordinanct's, divine
and human, but then; use is actually inculcated and
.commanded. Now, what we would have Sir Augustus
D'Estc do, is at once to assume his-title, and assert
his right to that position and those dignities which,
as a member of the Rayal Family, and- the heir appa-
rent of the Duke of Sussex, he is fully and legally en-
titled to. He shotud acquaint Ministers with
his resolution so to do, and make a respectful
commuoication.to her Maj.2sty of his int entton to pay
his dutiful homage towards her at her next Court. at St.
James's. - Would Ministers venture, would they dare to
advise his exclusion, on the plea of his it•sut ll ill g a title
or station to which he ints no rightful claim? We
bhould say no. But, it they dui, would he be in a worse
position than he is at present ? Agin,' we answer no.
During his father's lifetime al his tides arc neces-
sarily of an honorary description, and can be.
derivable from the rreogn tiou of that ratlit,r. - A
considerable mass of evidence haS hem already placed
before the public, showing- that dovn to a certain
period those titles and &stitictions w. re bestowed by
the father upon the- son. We are now going to quote
a passage from the. most solemn of all documents
to which man cqn be supposed to sethis hand and seal
—particulaily when such be cx,!etaie ` under toe un-
Pr,ssion that he is on the point of quitting Cite, and ren-
dering in another world an account oi his actions in
this----we mean that written deposition of affairs known
as a "last; will and testament :"

. • "I consider and -ever shall acknowledge our son
Augustus Frederick (who w.:s born after 4oth :best
marriages), and of whom she was delivered by Doctor
Thynne, in Lower Berkeley-street, Number Sixteen, in
the parish of Mary-la-bonne, as my true, legitimate,
and lawful son ; and I hereby give and bequeath my
property to them. arid to them alone, in the
7:ithrier and proportions as follow hat is to say,
to my said Wife Augusts, 1 give and bequeath
the full use and enji,yment of all my estate
and effects, of what nature or kind soevi,r they hi
for and during the time of her na!ural ; and idler
her &rinse, I give and ti( queatit the said orovrty to
my be'ore-mentamied son, Augustus Frederick. and his
heirs tot over ; and lastly, I oominate as guardiao to toy
mid, and executqx and ex,enturs of this my Ni;l, in)
wife, Augusta, my brother, George Prince of Watts.
the Right Hon. Francis Earl of Moira, and Thomas
Courts, Esq., hanker. In case it should so happen that
the Prince nt WdicS SLOLVII die before my sun attait,s
the age i.l twenty-one years. wet' I app.s nt my brother
Frederick, Duke of Yo'k and Aiumiy. and Prince
Bishop of Osnaburg, to be executor and guardiau to
inis my will, in his place, joiutly with my wile, Lord
Moira, and Mr. Coutts; and i! Lord Moira should die
before the atOresaid period of my son's majority. I ap-
point his Grace Archibald Douglas Hamilton, Duke or
H mutton, as executor and guardian to my son, in the
place Of the said Earl Moira, jointly with my nue atid
the Prince of Wales, or the Duke of York, as the
aforesaid circumstance may render ; begging them to
accept these trusts, to maintain and support the rights
.of my child as toy lawful and legitimate son, and to su-
perintend and undertake the care of his education,
which I wish to be the best and most fiber d possible ;
fearing it to their wisdom and friendly teal to choose
the most proper means for their support.
(Signed) le AUGUSTUS FREDERICK (L Si)"
Had the testator departed this hie immediately after
the execution of this will, would it not be held in the
civil law as his dying declaration? For our criminal
code makes such declarations evidence, considering the
solenmity of the occasion ; and culprits have over and
ovrr been condemned to death upon such evidence
There is, we perceive, an effort making to have his
Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex appointed Regent,
in the:event of a casualty. (whicn Heaven in its mercy
avert !) to which eve y female, even Queens, are liable
on
.occasions similar to that. in which tier M jesty will
soon be placed. Here is another Ltiorious opportunit3
throWn, as it were, by, Providence, in the way of the
Duke of Sussex Let him avail himself of it. Toe
best, we should say the very best te,thoony he can
produce—and none would he more gratityleg to the ill-
don 'at large.----,of his qualification fiit.watehMg over the
offspring of others, is doing jest ice to his ow►u.
These observations have been sugs. sled by an article
in The Sun of Thursday, winch, honest and true, con-
tinues its +I,IVOC,“ yof justice, even though that advo-
cacy involve the condemnation of ita own party.
(From the Bri;;blon (,iizette.)

E V ENING E;-7 ON.

LlTk:ktA'FtJ - .

11A ND. lq (/ of ,T 4) Pri RI S'
(;OM I'AIY I IN TO .11ANI)-B()()'1C.
Strange. Lortd,:rt. 184()
A u 4! tut :h t tim sli4to,,st
t. nsion, but isl:l6 ad: qu,kteiy acco :10 'lv' 41 tili•st. --
motet talif•S to 'Crit‘ellers Will fl,ki.4 it -to bee On ;If,
the 1110 t 4ett of ei4ss•

THE DREAM. AND 01 HER POEeS
Colburn, London.
Tiler e are m.my p of deep :Ind un.iffeetedt.'!l'
&roes: in the principal poem to this en,lection, and not
a few in ‘vbich the idea sought to be conveyed is. so -ena------
eumb red by verbiage, that it is scarcely pas ibte to get
at it. Mrs. Norton has an uncommon command of -••
I,nguage, and is never at a loss tor poetical, forms of •
ss,oo ; but she should not make too tr. quent a
p r4„.,7 —like the Lite Mrs. Haman,—ot her qualifiea-
non int Om: re Peet, or she may lead tier .reade•s to ..
im Igine tfh,a ,;"r genius is mor, renimit for its
foliale t 6 .0 its !run. For ourselves, we like.her most
and mu-t unlaboured, ex•
where silt; is the s;alp4s.,,:
an e,ksy, natu.al manner
presses natural entotioril is
pot to the.chiel and mos
Hence we prefer the minor•
ambitious one, from which the pr tint volume derives
its name. We shall be ple,sed to ru."t with her again
in print. for she has both feeling and .ave;' in no stinted
degree, and writrt es not from the recolleczious and asro-
ciations turn bt 'proceeding poets, but from her
o.vn vivid impressions of things.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SlR—Seeing in your Journal some extracts from a
pamphlet published by a resident of this city. wherein he
takes upon himself to ass ~n causes for dis:ress,
not exist, and the falling offr of company to th far hick d
famed
w
and fashionable capital of the West. It is a fcet, that at
no period of t'me. have houses hem) more sought :or, or is
greater request than at the present time. Fearing We state,
trent put forth through the medium of you: widely ext,miltsl
estimable Journal, may produce an unfavouratOe impress `On,
as it r. gards not ouly the welfare of this city, iii2t the
sp-etable class of tradesmen, whom lie has un u",tlr.
endeavoured to bring into discredit, I defy contradiciiiill
wnen I asset, that the tradesmen of this city are as'
honourable and just in their dealings, and as little oliia 4..-
,equious to their customers as those of any place which can
be named. It is true, the Theatre does not succeed, but
without mcribing it to the itiflaence of the Evangelical
}.;mr.y. it may he oh erved that in Bristol and many tither
the I..te fur theatrical performance has very much
dcelitied, so, on it scarcely pays to keep them
,open.
in the taste for theatrical enter.
Much ~1* this failifig
tai„,„„r, n, „ye to the wretched th`riftless -
elihrr4e,e/s, who pompously sta..:ain parts .in, .and utter
fie
tragii t sentiments, which *bey
.neither can, or do
,t
pr,etice, besides catch which is obsolet?, and too gross for
the purest feeling of virtuous minds, and sitiqh.P"tsages'::
are most enjoyed by the licentious. I thids- it a bettg r
class of persons could be indue, d to perform, and the 1790
and out-dated passages expunged, and day performatieSs
tried, instead of those kto hours so inconvenient to marry.
the taste foe theatrical performances might again revive,"
but it is ton true that public taste has undergon..e a change;
our old and young ladies now flock to hear the harangues •
~f those a ,ostler of '6 envy, hatred, and all uncharitable..
ness," 6MGotre or 11• Gee, with gteater zest than to more
rational or liteiary enjoyments.
I am, Mr. Edi or, your's obediently. .
A CONSTANT READER.
Bath, July 10, 1840. •

JE \TEN ING y-rr
4_) i ON.

TIIE SECONrd PART. OF
RIR. HENRI:
- -CAN,ENDISH' S DE-
to"--,lml-Es of th- HousE of COMMONS, from 1763
J.—, ,
'"
' S RE.,) FOR DELIVI RI.
"nr Ale. -1, I,
the
4 : *lke i°'
". will' contain upwards of two hundred spee-'
I • —u-r ubli-hed. —O, .e never before p . _
atod F Pu..n. Orme, Brown, Green, • lr' , Loriptrnsn ; Hatchard
ilooth •.;" i ; Ridgway ; Calkin In, Rudd ;
J. Redwell L.
-- "` --- W. H. Allen and ;
`,..0. ; and Bigg and Son.
New May, in 3 voli.. :KM Bvo. bound,
J, iR.!-'l3 Il N N ' S STAGE
"'4. Both BEFORE and BEHIND the CURTAIN.
it Ahdisnds with amusing anecdotes and traits of chnacter.
is, in other respects, a highly valuable book."—T;mei.
, ". There is a great deal of entertaining matter ,n this work.
It does credit to .dlr. Bunn's abilities."—Morri,ng Chronicle.
Richard Bentley. New Burlingtcr-street.
.........,.....--

..ue3

MR. HOFFMAN'S NEW I.tOMANCE.
Acovr ready at all the Libraries% in 8„ vols. post Bvo,
ft E Y S 1
A ROMANCE OF .r
r-
iE, MOHA ~ A R.
the Author of '•A W1-,ter ;,1 the Far Wcst." and " Wild
scenes in 'the Fewest and Prairie."
Gaz,A 'erY ttirring
tte. ex,..1-11en' Indian roinance."—..i.lterary

• li-ithe d Be•Atlev, New Burlington. street.
11 MAJE ST Y the • E It olt of
RAl'• "AtisTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
p T .ED ,everal DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
ti;gre4""'
," / M •lUA which (though thoy are NQ LOTTERIES)
.any possibilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES:
7‘7 HEINE BROTHERS, at 1“.1111URGH,
1, ,I e- NilW U
SELLING SHARES far the said DISTRIB-
ONS. Persons desirous to purr'oase, may receive, PRE-
iIOUS to giving any older, the. -PROSPECTUS and PAR-
TICULARS, upon addressing WITHOUT DELAY, a line
to
HEINE. BPSSTHERS, at HAMBURGH.
P. S.—THE NEN r DISTRIBUTION contains
SEVEN HUND'dED MONEY PORTIONS,
Amoure.ing to £72,170 Sterling.
And tThe Smallest Portion is £5O,
largest Portion is £25,000.

• -
•
Last Tir„e' ,11?.YAL SURREY THEATRE.
Van A‘-t
the incredible achievements of the celebrated
44'
arsh, with his incomce parable Colnlection of Lions,
rd'` 4 an? Tigers, in fier combat o the open stae,
tMe o.ouble den. Nightly overflows. g
THIS EVENING. JULY 13.
144U14(;,1, he acted a New Drati atm Spectacle, entitled
mr4.70 PARKE; OR, THE ARAB OF THE NIGER.
Rill I*,, the Arab, by Van Amtmrgh, in which character he
and • /tacked by a leopard and a t.ger, and finally encounter
Itilt „Atte the whole hierd in their dens, being his last week in
..nd previous to his departure for St. Petenburgh.
To which will be added,
THE WET NURSE.
,„ TO conclude with. by &sire, Haines New Drama, entitled
VRX'FACTORY BOY; OR, THE-I,OVE.SA6RIFICE,
by the entire strength or the Company.
°VAL. SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
814.1.1. ANT SUCCESS of the BATTLE SINFONIA ! !
FOUKTH WEEK ! !
GRAND PROMENADES MUSICALES ET
. CHAMPETRES,
ByGoiltrey's unrivalled Band.
fast'Panorama al Fresco of Iceland and it., Volcanoes, by
ItrisOn,...Breaking up of the Lie—Meltie4 of the Snows-
-I,,eleasv.. and Departure of the Discover;i Ship.
''-ae.er's.astonishing " Koniaphosti;c," or "Lime Light.
Eruption of Mount, Beds, &c.
• Every Monday, Tuese„,ay, and Thursday.
Programe of the Concert fe.c July 13th, 14th, and 16th.
..Overtures—Der Friesch',ttz, "emiramide. Quadrilles—La
t'Pie de Bronze, Les Echos. Waltzes—Die Kosenden, rower
Lonilon (composed ear"...ssly), Les Roses. Grand March—
:le Templar and die Jur,en. Glee and Chorus—Toe Chough
40c1 Craw (Guy Matr,ering). Fantasia—Sur des Motifs de
giLuccia de Lamtv.ermoor," arranged expressly by Godfrey
rst"time). tion of popular Airs from '° Robert- le Dia-
°le*" Aud

THE GRANEI BATTLE SINFONIA,
Itevived wit
The eelebratert chef d'oeuvre of Beethoven,
h more than its original effect and grandeur.
ki:PIISSION ONE SHILLING.
Concert commences et Six.

TO CORRSPONENTS.
.on 47 d hare obliged a Correspondent who writes from Isling•
". ad his communication been sent ten days ago, ba it
wa„7 d be unpardonable in these times to act the sluggard,
'sa to insert in e Sun a report of proceedings at a dinner
hic we might have had in the same time from the other
&V of
lethe Atlantic.

Ili 7,1" ER AT LODORG To_MORR.
......_3"Ig•••• W••6sATminutes after N N
BID F
1. Evening l9 minutes after 2.

" Publication of the Eveniur Edition of THE SUN COAL.
mene,ed at 10 c•Aoutei after Three.
-

4-et
411.. • r:2O.

falst:hood, have
7., amongst the most degrading

generate deceit by telling
ever been reckon-1

ZTV

COCK'"

LONDON :
MONDAY, JULY 13. 1840.

• '`ire see, and are by no means sorry to see, the
farmers taught through their purses, as they close
their ears to all other teaching, that the wool-
growers begin to complain of the price of that ar-
ticleek . At :he. fair held at Leicester on Friday
r,the -prices were several shillings lower per
il
heeia". thari last year. At the Suffolk wool fair,
i'uesday last, the Earl of STRADBROKE,
1e .11r.irman at the dinner, used the following lan-
snags .

iaencer. of slavery. "bo that depth of degra-
dation the money•sctivener's vice of avarice seems
likely to plunge the highest and proudest nobility
of the earth.

The hulk of the working classes complain with
much bitterness and almost equal justice of the
manner in which they are treated by the Whigs.
Tom they were treated in past times with tenfold
mote insult Ltid scorn by the Tories is well know-
....
and well remembered. It is in the contr—
that the
Ministers find their justificatior
How they would
again be treated by 0,7_
tories were they in power
may be known ‘oir the lan2tia.,,,e used by the journals
of that •,,-.113., and the conduct of its chief. If Lord
ParsELL opposed Mr. DUNCOMBE'S MO-
WN.] VAI Friday night, it was also strenuously re•
sisted by Sir ROBERT PEEL and the whole squad
Tories except Mr. D'IsHA ELI. If the Globe,
very litmiNely we think. sometimes sneers at the
working classes' demands for political rights, this is
the language of the Times :
" By the introduction of the ten-pound qualification
(which, with the due enfy.7cement of its accompanying
provisions. ne shall never be disposed to 'egret) vast
hordes t:f low-lived Radicals, who had p,cviously wallowed
in styes of only half. that value, thought fit to take posses.
,ion of ten pound tenements, the rent of which, to say
nothing of the taxes, they had neither the means nor the
intention to pay. In this way the constituency under the
Rtf,,r.n Bill was, for a time at least, artificially increased
;n a degree greatly disproportionate to the real number of
qualified voters." _ _ _

To be poor is, therefore, to be disqualified from
exercising political rights, according to the Times,
and entitles the people to no other privilege but
that of being insulted. The limes, entertaining
such an opinion uf the lower classes, of course
supposes thk they can be bought ; and it goes on
to recommend the rich Conservatives to buy the
electoral franchise of the poor :
" This artificial constituency has been thinned by the
rate-paying clauses of the Reform Bill to a very considerable
extent. In a word, the propriety of not committing the
political destinies of the country into the hands of pen-
niless pretenders seem. to be pretty generally admitted."
" Throughout the electoral districts there are occa-
sional:y to be found z,elous Conservatives in straitened
circumstances, who, unless they receive timely assistance,
will be in darger of losing their franchise. Now, in all
their vicinities there are opulent constitutional residents
,rho, at the sacrifice of a mere bagatelle, might prevent the
names of such persons from being erased from the roll What
we humbly, but earnestly, recommend, therefore, is, that
the w. althier Conservatives should, in cases of abt•olute
trecessit), sometimes assist their poorer brethren by paying
their t:rxes either in whole or in part, awl either by giftwr
loan, as a sourd discretion may suggest."

The Conservatives zealously refuse to relieve
the electors from the rate-paying clauses, appa-
rently that they may have the power of paying the
taxes for them, and so securing -their votes by their
long purses. It stands, in fact, avowed, that they
keep up a grievance, in order that may make
subservient to bribe and buy the electors.

We publish a letter from an advocate and sup-
porter of the West Indies, who politely begins by
telling us he has a "crow to pluck" with us. We are
not disposed to pluck crows with him, and can
safely afford to leave his communication to make ail
the impression possible on the public. We prefer
stating the question in our own way.
The nation is called on to provide the
and planters of our C9lonists with lab Jrers, and it
is also called on to allow no 7... gar to be brought itt
here which is not g
by free tat/alters. ut
what bus
has the nation to provide the
ine
planters 'with labourers ? The vety idea of providing
I:inottrers is redolent with slavery ; siavely eng,en.
dered it, and a love of slavery keeps it alive: When
we read of the Hill Coolies being allowed or made
to take so many women with them—read despatches
which are quoted by those who call these men free
labourers, m which it is said " that under IA-o)mi--
regulations as to sexes and &cedilla, the natives of
India might be safely introduced into Demerara,"
the idea of slavery, West Indian planters' slavery, is
eotinteted with every word, and we translate the wish
for labOurers into a demand hi' slaves, which the
nation, after paying 20,000,0001. to get rid of
slavery, is modestly asked to provide. While the
State has no right to interpose and prevent the
planters from getting labourers wherever they can,
not protecting them, however, in making slaves of
other men which England formerly did,—it is by
no means its duty to provide labourers for the
planters, though every West India Island should go
wholly out of cultivation.

Those who advocate the cause of • the planter,
with any show of reason, while they lay down the
principle that the State ought to have provided him
with labourers, dwell very much on the destruction
of capital which will be caused by his .want of
labourers. But his capital—the sugar mills he
has erected, partly by slave labour--the ground he
has had cleated, the trenches he has had dug, the
trees he has had planted by the same means, will
all remain to him. Not one particle of it 'be
touched, but the State will no longer protect him
in getting slaves to use that capital for, his profit.
He suffers no other injury than that, and for The
service of these slaves he has been expressly re-
compensed. He is left undisturbed in the pos-
session of every stick or rag of property he was
possessed of except the slaves, and if his capital be
of no value without them, of their loss he has no
right to complain.
Some of those persons who profess a great de-
sire to promote free labour, have a sensitive regard
for capital, and insist that every sugar mill, and
every 1001 , however acquired, shall be secured a
regular remuneration, at least after the late of five
pet cent. But capital has no more right to look
to the State for an adequate rate of interest, than
labour has a right to ask from it adequate wages ;
and if it be called on to provide labourers and
profit for the capitalist, it should equally provide
capital, employment, and wages for labourers. All
writers, however, of the least authority, agree in
saying that the latter is hopelessly beyond its
power—so is the former ; and it is, therefore,
absurd for the advocates of the planters to require
the State to provide labourers and profit for them.
But, absurd as the principle is, the discriminating
duty on sugar, and all the arguments used in favour
of the planters, rest on the opinion that the State
is bound to secure an ample profit for the capitalist,
and ample rent for the owner of the plantation.
Now, as to keeping out sugar, the produce of
slave labour, we say that it is another gross ab-
surdity to make our laws contingent on the political
condition of men in another part of the world. If
this principle be good for the present, it must be
good for the past, and we ought to reject the pro-
duce of our West Indies as well as that of Brazil,
for all the preliminary operations by which sugar is
now grown were performed by slaves. We ought on
the same principle to exclude not only sugar, but
every other species of produce from the Brazils,
Cuba, and the Southern States of the American
Union, where all the produce is raised by slaves.
In fact, the discrimination between the produce of
slave labour and free labour is a mere pretext, by
which the ci-devant slave-owners, who still prosper
by the former slave labour in our colonies, seduce our
people into submitting to an enormous tax for their
benefit. Our Correspondent, indeed, assures us that
hey are much injured by it ; we recommend them,
herefore, to unite with the consumer in demanding
is abolition.

"Ilinxioax h
tvouva,,_, - as
.ts naturally must be, that the grower of
coo, , nott d receive a fair and adequate price for it, he
kdinbe cot conceal the fact from himself that the market
itver„ ren_ by no means- in a bucyant state, and there was
erts'n to apprehend that the manufacturer would
,tionet on the system which he had pursued for some
4iiteuvoa
np_ast, namely, to buy only enough wool for imme-
Nretteprntscoon. Ile (the Noble. Chairman) very much
tau., the present state of the American market. For
our, 'vv-Yresra that market had been the best for the sale of
atoo, °Tens, but owing to the present state of the
I,eticilitiralrket there was b ton much r p
eason to apre-
quw. 'at the Americans would be unable to take the Usual
beo..stY, It nas a source of regret that States of Conti-
., Europe were adopting mtaiures for the 111111,10.n-
-atrtio°_, their own gods, and that they now took but few
wte from this country, supposing that by such means
ri. t ere fostering the interests of their own people."
rnallin the fair a considerable quantity of wool re-
ed unsold, and one of the buyers assigned the
fop_b
reasoe, for not givinga more liberal price ;-
410,1.1 r. Stanford offered his wool to Mr. Burch fo:- 37a.
Ijr. Burch said that he could not afford to give more
cot, 'oR. for it, because in the North:they were intermixing
toarp with ha/kbreds to such an extent that it had the
wZ.Of deteriorating the value of this description of wool."
1441 he manufacturersof the North, therefore, substi-
1,_e.4 cheaper material for the farmers' wool, and as
Corn-
laves landlords raise the price by a tax—for the Corn-
sa.s enhance the price of everything grown on the
:5...1_--so they diminish the consumption, and cause
17
,n.to substitute other materials for their taxed corn-
,:et_lty wherever they can, till they reduce the price
_ 0 the natural level, or below what it would be did
Ilti.ufactitious enhancement of price ever cause sub-
noto_,tes.te, be used. Of course the same rule holds
with every other produce of the soil, and the
rit,T;ords' tax causes all kinds of edibles, such as
le: sago, and substitutes for them, sugar, coffee,
Btc-, the growth of foreign countries, to be
he
extensively used than they would be but for
" ....tax on home-grown produce.
Though the Earl of STRADBROKE adverted to
,n slackness of the American trade, and the
trTivth of manufactures on the Continent, he care-
"Y kept out of view the principal cause of both
"oUr even Corn-laws—and ascribed the former
to the state of the American money market,
and the latter to the wish of the continental rations
_°,--niattufacture for themselves. But it is known to
nt the farmets, who are perpetually duped by
landlords, that the derangement of the Arne-
an Money market was mainly caused by the de-
.,tgeownt in our money market, in producing
.7101 the Corn laws had a great share.
*He growth of manufactures on the Continent
7Y-tte traced to the same cause. Why should the
.°!l.tinental nations wish to manufacture if they
f"l4 buy from us cheaper than they could make
t" iltensselYes ? The Corn-laws will not allow them
: buy from us ; they keep out of our market their
I2l`. of. paying for our manufactures, and at the
dine time enhance the price of what we have to An article from the Dublin Evening Mail, in•
-If it be supposed—as we are not averse from serted in another column, contains an extract from
s,upposing—that it is in the nature of things that a will made by the Duke of SUSSEX, after the
47,earts of one nation should be learnt by another, birth of his son, which cannot fail to be read with
that, therefore, other nations must come to ma- deep interest at the present moment. In the most
--li,t 4
Ir.tle 'lire goods as cheaply as England, and will, solemn document to which the hand of man eats be
consequence, manufacture for themselves— put, sincerity is to be expected, if any where.
tf that be the order of nature, there can be no There there is no disguise nor concealment of the
".°. *Alt that our Cuttl-lawS hasten it on much to our real sentitnents, fur by the time that these become
ui4advantage, ar.d by t,o means to the advantage known, the testator supposes that he will be beyond
'al foreign nations. That process is now affecting the reach of human consequences. In this view the
out wool-gtowets, they trace low prices to a decay- will of the Duke of SUSSEX is important, hies-
. ing,trade with the United States and the Conti• much as it not only contains a declaration of his
bent: and ate beginning, therefore, to feel the son's legitimacy, but of his own determination to
effecter of th,ir own suicidal Corn-laws. If they acknowledge that legitimacy to the end of his life.
will nnly watch the course of events, every day I consider," says his Royal Highness, " and
will be full of the same teaching, and we shall yet ever shall acknondedge, our son AUGUSTUS FRE-
hope to have them all Corn-law repealers before DERICK as my true, legitimate, and lawful son."
the end of another year. We also find the sacred trust of protecting the
We must add, that the disingenuousness of the rights and superintending the education of the
larl of STRADBROKE'S language, for we cannot young Prince bequeathed, with an anxiet)
SCoen-laves,
that lie was ignorant of the effects of the in which the heart of every parent will
and his palpable endeavour to hood- sympathise, to the Prince of WALES and
Wink the farmers, must produce in the Noble Earl the Duke of YORK in the following terms—
' -?l.had habit of using laneuage to conceal the truth. ,6 begging them to maintain and support the rights
Other, Noble Peerbs, no doubt, fall into the same of my child as my lawful and legitimate son, and
thus the Corn-laws seem likely to inocu- to superintend and undertake the care of his educa-
lateiLt'hae"
hiels-horn nobility and gentry of England tion, which I wish to be the best and most liberal
- 1 tn. -•1 vice u cot,ctn a a b 3.11,
Iht'eghts by words, to be wanting in frankness, The Duke of SUSSEX is bound, like other men,
tuate the tongue to palter with truth, and l by the obligations arising out of the paternal relit.,
