_ .
posed that the creatures who have the impudence to-
make the proposition will be allowed to do so with im-
punity l We are rather infidels on the subject of the
progress that the " march of intellect " is said to have
made—and with regard to the much-vaunted" diffusion
of knowledge," we strongly suspect, to borrow an il-
lustration from Dr. Johnson, that it is diffused as
bread is distributed in a besieged town—" to most men
a mouthful—to no man a belly-full. " Still, we have no
doubt that in this model of a government which the Ra-
dicals have revived, even the little boys on the lowest
forms of the new national normal schools will recognize
the Athenian oligarchy of the Four Hundred, which
we thought had been " damned to everlasting fame."
What the " Young England " of the Destructive sec-
tion may think of the proceedings of the old fools of
their party in digging it up again, and offending our
nostrils with it, after the example of Cobbett with
Tom Paine's bones, we neither know nor care ; being
perfectly- well assured that " Young England" in the
mass is as rightly constituted as " Old England" is or
ever was, and that in the good sense and rational
loyalty of the vast majority of the empire, there is
strength enough to crush the whole crew of Whigs,
Whig-Radicals, and Destructives, the moment it be-
comes worth while. The wretched Ministerial place-
men and their hangers-on, that herd, from motives of
mere personal profit, with those who they know medi-
tate the overthrow of the Crown, and Constitution,
and religion of the realm, will sooner or later receive
the reward their baseness so richly merits. With
the exception of those they pay or give places to,
or promise to pay or to give places to, they are sup-
ported by no party in the State, but a portion of the popu-
lace, that requires only to be made to understand the
real nature of the question at issue, in order to aban-
don the false teachers and the treacherous guides that
would -mislead them into paths of error and of vice.
Let that portion of the community consider well what
would be the consequence of their necks being sub•
jected to the yoke of three cr four hundred irrespon-
sible tyrant commoners, elected for seven years, and
with the means of continuing their reign for ever, by
merely voting it perpetual, having unlimited power
over the public purse-, the command of the army, and
the whole of the patronage of the State. Surely it
would be better for Britons to be bastinadoed by Turks
or knouted by Russians, than to suffer this unendurable
and ignominious slavery at the hands of their own
usurping fellow-subjects. Yet this, and this only, is
the meaning of " Peerage Worm." Oh ! let our
fellow-countrymen ponder well upon these facts, and
set themselves steadily in timely opposition to this rising
rebellion against the liberties of the nation, before it
reach a head that can be broken only by the application
of brute force. To those bad and foolish men who,
having, however unworthily, acquired rank or repute
in the State, arc counten,incing, for the gratification of
their own base ambition, this absurd and wicked at-
tempt to revive for Great Britain the most odious form
of irresponsible government that ever cursed a civilized
community—and to that small portion of the populace
which, through ignorance, supports them in their in-
sane and iniquitous design—we earnestly recommend
the following passage from one of our most able and
most popular writers, begging such as are too wise to
ure for the examples of Greece and Rome, to hear in
mind at least the histories of our own Cromwell and of
the French Napoleon :—'' Al;.hough most revolutions
in Greece and Rome be'-an with the tvrann- of the
people, yet they generally concluded in that of a singe
person ; so that an usurping populace is its own
dupe—a mere under-worker, and a purchaser in trust
for some single tyrant, whose state and power they ad-
vance to their own ruin, with as blind an instinct as
those worms that die with weaving matznifieent habits
for beings of a superior nature to their own."—Times.

The defeat of the Carlist General Ituralde seeing to
be generally confirmed, with the loss of five hundred
men taken prisoners by Yrribarroa ; but the report of
the Navarrese Chieftain going ever to the enemy is, as
we suspected, a fabrication. We could not imagine.
a man, and of large property, like Ituraide, not a sol-
dier by profession, but who left his vineyard to defend
the fheros of his province, could be guilty of so base
an act of treachery, not only to the cause of his family,
but to the King, to whom he was one of the first to
swear obedience. His conduct, however, in neglecting
the ordinary precautions of war, and allowing his fol-
lowers, with their arms piled, to be surprised, by an
enemy they despised, is inexcusable ; and it is not
astonishing that he should be visited with suspicion
in consequence. The loss, however, is certain, and the
more frankly it be admitted the better for the Carlist
cause. One day's defeat in a three years' campaign is
not to be wondered at, and it may prove, in another
sense, serviceable at this moment, by showing to the
other Generals of Don Carlos that they cannot, in any
situation, relax their usual discipline, and that they
must resist that indolence which often attends suc-
cess, and which is the main defect of the Spanish
character. It will convince Don Carlos and his chief-
tains that the victory is not won, and this is the hour
for increased activity and unceasing precaution. A
few more surprises such as that which Ituralde has
sustained, and the morale of the army will be affected.
Instead of falling into such a disgraceful lethargy, this
is the time to strike dismay into the dispirited troops of
the Queen, and to prove to the nation at large that
the army of the King is equal and willing to protect
it from the sanguinary Constitutionalists. The ene-
mies of Don Carlos are making much of this defeat,
and of the few cases of treachery which, from time to
time, have occurred among his partisans ; but to every
reasonable person the wonder will be that only one ab-
solute victory has been gained by the Christinos since
October, 1833, and that so much good faith and
loyalty has been maintained, amid privations of every
kind, which must have overwhelmed any cause,
that was not cherished in the heart's core of the
people. Our readers cannot fail to have remarked,
that—since the Proclamation of the Constitution—
the disturbances in the capital, and the other
large towns—little has been heard of the Carlist
operations ; and some persons may be inclined
to argue unfavourably of their power if the reason of
that inactivity was not explained. But Don Carlos
has been advised to allow the two parties which deso-
late the rest of Spain to exhaust their strength on each
other, whilst he goes on cultivating his resources, and
preparing for the grand forward movement, whenever
circumstances fully authorise him to make it. He has
been further recommended to permit the revolution fully
to develope itself, in order that foreign nations may be
convinced of the true nature of the constitutional
movement in Spain ; and that the better part of the
population, who have hitherto supported the Queen or
remained neuter in the contest, may more sensibly feel
the misery they are preparing for themselves and their
children if they do not come forth in support of their
legitimate Monarch. Whether a bolder plan of opera-
tions or this waiting system be that best adapted to
the position of Don Carlos, is a question much de-
bated in his Councils ; but we think that the success
which has hitherto attended his policy and arms may
inspire confidence as to his future movements among
his friends who are removed from the scene of action,
and unacquainted with the details of Spanish cam-
paigns.--Morning Post.
The extraordinary parade which has recently been
made in consecrating and opening the Roman Catholic
" Cathedral" of Tuam has found fitting record in the
Irish Papal Journals, and in the Ministerial Papers
which reflect the growing image of Popish ascendancy
on this side the channel. Pompous and dazzling
indeed is the description of the prelatical and sacerdotal
splendours displayed on the occasion. The " glory"
of the Episcopal and priestly vestment is stated to have
eclipsed anything of the sort that has been yct seen in
Ireland, and even to have rivalled the magnificence of
Pontifical Rome. We hear of the resplendant copes
and sparkling mitres, and the mingled effect of awe
and admiration inspired on beholding the renovation
of the " only true worship" in all the splendour of
the " olden time." Now we are far from blaming
the Roman Catholics for their admiration of reli-
gious- ceremonials of this sort, though they present
rather too much of theatrical display to suit our taste—
nor do we find fault with their zeal when it does not
exhibit itself in persecution. We only wish Pro-
testants to imitate their example, so far as to give more
than a lukewarm and superficial support to their own
purer and less ostentatious worsiny,_ and to surpass
hem in zeal as much as they exceed them in Christian
