FR Is VCYI FAPEf S.

t,tr

";,
- • .
L T NTIM o*l NJA 111.—titir tratel,Vllll GCr-
s •
•LiLitly cnnt,ts4 ineta suffer great Interruptions: The
hierchany can scareely- send us any thing :..
\c.,e.iite iii want cif lmany essential articles. On the
otiler.Side, the copmunication with the:MeOiterra.t.
nean is.-entirely interrupted. 'We receive no
intel-
ligencs from Egypt and the Archipelago Islands.
The. Port of Smyrna is blockaded.
Russian Colonel, is ;still here.. It is
.
thought he. is charged with very' important negotia-
tioni.---Monkeur„ 26ih Feb.

Tams.Te, FEB. Russian 'Fleet left our.
Road on the sth of, this, mouth—we learn.:,that it. -
arrived at Venice on th 6th. Or the 'satire-day ar-
rived.here,.from Malta, a vessel' laden with 500 bales
.1
of cotton;' three other vessels, laden also with cotton,
which the English had long detained at Malta.hl or-
der to search them, 'having, with difficulty, obtiihed ,
'permission to put to sea, have, in their voyagefrom
Malta to Trieste, been captured by some French Pri-
vateers, and carried inte. Ancona.—:(The same Pa-
pe VIENNA, FEB. 1 t .-A Convention has been con-
cluded betwcen our Court and that: of • ilavarilr
and has already been ratified by. both parties. This
Treaty, which contains Thirty-sik .i\sticles, is -in.;
teresting to the inhabitants of both States, partial-
larly to those of the Frontier Districts. It contains
several stiPulations relative to the commerce of Salt,
and that of the Woods between Bavaria and the
Austrian Principalities Of. Salzburg atidterchio.
den in respect to the transfer-of 'all public property:,
and privates effects.
COPENIIAOiN, Fin. is. publicly reported
here that an Expedition is preparing against Sweden.
Our Troops are to undertake it, in the Sound, but
they will be supported tv. our most powerful
Ally.
lteport states that the Rdisian Troops have already
entered Finland, and that the ,Svveues have faifen"
back; 'this piece of intelligence stands 'in need of
confirmation.

They talk in Sweden of an Invaskin of Norway,
in. which Country. the construction of SbiPS of War Is
carried On with the utmost aelivity... •
Susi Lis, Fan, 2..--ACCOrding 'CO :the last accounts
from 'Wallachia, the bead-qUarters of Prince Pao-
SOROWSICY are still in Jassy three Russian Gene-
rals only remain in Bucharest, among whom is Ge-
neral BACIIMETiIiP, Governor of that'city and coun-
try._ We understand that Prince: YPSILANTI mean,;
to return from St. Patersburgh to Bucharest:::
The general opinion is, here that important events
will ore long take place in Moldavia and. Wallachia,
, •
The Turk s have repaired and considerably in cre a sed the.
fortifications of Guergeu, Isinalef, and
the garrisons of these places haVe been strongly re.
lbreod. . '- •

g:r—NVe.lc trn by Letter's frOm Ko-
pigsburgh, that Mr. Ua *talp continues to dired the
affairs of the Prussian Cabinet, making considerable
reforms in the Military Department : hut, _ in. spite
of the reports insertcd in the Public Papers, .no be-
ginning has as yet bean, made-. to reorganize the
army, or form the militia. •

VILUNNA, Feu. t I.—A. report is again in circula-
tion, that a numerous body of troops of the Conte-
deraey.of the Rhine is to march to Dahnatia.

The Garrison of l'rieste is to bereinfdrdeci.

ANCONA, Fin. 2.---According to ,the last accounts
from Corfu, there has arrived off that Island an
English Squadron consisting of ed large and small
Ships. It is probable that this Squadron was in-
tended to,roake au attack on that Islandi but, the
English finding it was tic ell defended; sailed away,
only lea'vins a few Ships to make observations.

the Ma.sters oftliesfilp4 frornwhom we received
this intelligenee, brought at the Same time private
.letters from the lonian Isles, from which we learn,
• that the inhabitants of the small Island of Hydra
baying continued to Rail under the Turkish flag, the
English hive tithes : not less titan fifty at their mer.
chant vessels, and carried them into Malta.

It is itot true that the English have taken pos-
session of 'fine or Andros (Islands of ,the Archipe•
lago). We have no news' directly from the other
Islands; we only:;:now that terror and desolation
reign there; and that the inhabitants, abandoned to
their feeble means of defence, have not dared tore--
fuse provisions to the English Squatlron-S. They
whole Archipelago suffers great scarcity of all ne.e
ceramics, and fears a famine.

'Tile Wand of Tenedos, successively occupied by
the lurks, Russians, ant/English, is.absolately ex-
hausted, and has been deserted by the greater part
of its inhabitants.

The Algerines, though the Allies of England,
Ivive capinred two Sicilian Tamps going to Lisbon
(bei4e the entrance of the French into that city),

and notwAhatauding the remonstrances of the Eng.
ii,ll Consul, have,obstinately refused to deliver them
ni). It is not even known whether the English
Con,ul will be able to aave the crews from slavery.,
i),At,u t,N, YEE, • t c rday the formal liking

pocsession of the town of West.' and itg teriiretY,
in the rtanie of his nijesty the Erliperor of tl
, Fr44cli% polsplace iti the erening.; the whole town
was ilhanDinated on the occasion.

Mail-IEIIO6 accounts that have been received,
(fie laitifgPossegsion of Munster, which was' to
ifavettlieti'place on the Iseof March, is deferred till
further arders.--(Schiedantsche Courant, March 1.)
ST. PETHRSET/ROHi JAN. Count'
BuxtfownEN, lately arrived is this capital, is about
to take the command of the.ar=my assembled in
Finland.

Galeral WASMATENOW, our Minister of War,.
has given in his resignation, and is replaced by Ge-
'neral AZAKTSCHEJEW, late Inspedor General of
Artillery.
Plikattor; Pita.
.17,—Several Princes of the
ittlos,§nrecieration have lately arrived in this
_torn, and the Ministers of different -Powers are
suctessively arriving the. CornmiSbaries. of the King
of SAkONY, rhargd wiili.regulating the limits of the
two States are cane here.

PARIS, VgliatrAßY A 6.
CONSERVATIVE SENATE..

" SENATORS,
I have thought proper to appoint my brother-
in-law, Prince BURGH ESE, to the placi-of Gover-
nor-General, creeted by the Organic Senates Con.
sultum of the 2d of this month. My people of the
Dpartments beyond, the Alps 'wilt perceive in the •
creation of that place, and in the appointment of• the
person to whom I commit it, my anxious desire of
being,triaciC acquainted with whatever can prove in-
ql.p,toligofar. them, and, the atligtionate sentiment!
with which I bear constantly in mind the most
iistant parts of my 'Empire. From my Imperial
Palace in the Thaitleries, the 15th l gib. 1808.

• (Signed)
," MOWN."
By'Conamand of the Emperor, the Minister,
Secretary of State.

A Senatus Consult= of tho t 9th Februsry, pub.,
lished by order of Government, contains the follow-
.
disvoitkon : • •

Art. I..Sitch Foreigners as' shall render, or have
rena.fcd,' diiiinent services to the State, or who, en-
dowed with particular talents, shalt settle in France
and introduce there any useful, invention or branch.
of industry, shall, after a twelvernonth's residence;
enjoy all the rights of French citizens.

Art. 2. This privilege shall be conferred to then'
by a special Decree, by virtue of the report of a Mi-
,
nititer. after the tounsel of State !hall have beet),
heard.

. .
Art. 3. A Copy of the said Decree shall be deli
vered to the Foreigner so naturalized, signed by the
Grand judge Minister of Justice. .i .
Art. 4. .With•this Copy he shall present himself
before the Municipality of the place where he means
to reside, and take the:Oaths of Obedience to the
Constitution of. the Envire,,and of A.ll4ance td thu

£tllpc.'ror* :..

- .
l'he,Pric-Atkier the 4cieon, of Rochelle, Captain •

AttGNAtli4A:3l;ti t'cirried into Passage, a Port in
Spain, thrw-mast Ship'underAtnerican colours,
bound tivir! Salerno to London, with a cargo of rice

and cot;ou4

We 'understand that ihe intended marriage et the
Pripce of NEUFC"HATS,'Vito 'High- constable of
:France, ivitha:-Princess of-Bavaria., will soon take
place..
Letters ,trom Vie 9a State, that the English
Ambassador, My. AD AIR', has received ftrl intima-
ilaofr4lll4ll Austrie4G6vOrnment to:rinit Vienna.
inrelligence has
been received: tit Cadivf thin Spaniali Ainetlea ;
it
appears that 'they have great abundance of iiioncy,
ih silver and. ingots of gold; which they ,know not
what to.do with and, in return, they are in want
of woollen cloths, hardware, ..and other articles 01
rtanutheture.

There arrived in our Port lust year tot/Vl:re°
under different flags :-704 Spanish, 74 French,
68-Americans, be Danish, 213 ItigOrinCH, Aus-
trians, 14 Moats, 111 Ragusans, Is.: Sardinians, 9
Turks, &c.
The 'iNhiii,oleon Code has just been introduced
into the, t,47$ of the Duke D'Aremberg, where it
will ba.the,iaw after the 6ist of July next.

Po:01111011TH, MAII it .—Arrived the. Zrotn'
dence.. Whretts, Harrow, stoat Y ileenoria,•l7l4o".
clan,
.anct.. Br/him, Dvytaa,. from iSuriderlaud
Vrtnv Lamaginai --r--, from ',London and -Ann)
DEW SON, from Cork.
&64.4,t he Boadicea Frigate, Capt. AI A rri.Asb, on
a cruize, and Ajusta, Lontiop.

IVlAttbn (I.—Arrived the Old &lend,
JOHNIION : London Packet, .ROUERTS, ,and the Sri-
sari, from London.
Sailed the Tnamshend Packet, Capt. Cocic, for
t.
Gibraltar i aid the Princess Amelia hicket,
SlErgEl4l,utik-'4omaica , also the Schooner Aveßci
Capt. Pikti&V,vtvr St. Domino

outer Goading Cofoal‘strianrg:‘Nivietsh eals,ljartigueletl:lel:t:(l):OrC°liiers
“, • k
PLYMOUTLI) ViAttCH 7.--sitrriveu taw
Downs.
