EXCHANGES ON LONDON.

HAMBURG, Fes. 13.—One month, 13 13; two months,
13 11%.
STOCKHOLM, FEB. I.—Thirty days, 14 9.
BERLIN, FEB. s.—Three months. 6 28%,
—Hamburg Papers, Feb. &

The petitions from Leeds to both Houses of

Parliament, praying for the immediate abolition of colonial
slavery, were sent off on Monday evening laq to Earl
GREY, end to JOHN MARSHALL, jun., Esq., and THOWAV
i3ABINGTON MACAULAY, Esq., Members for this borough,
for presentation. The number of signatures amounted to
upwards of 16,000. The address to the KING, signed
by the Chairman of the meeting, had been previously trans-
:flitted to Lord BROUGIHAIt.-Leeds Mercury.

Members of Parliament may be, not inaptly,
compared to coveys of partridges. In the early part of
ti.e season the birds are tame, and eho's easily obtained.
So Members, at the commencement of the Session, are
exceedingly courteous, affable, and easy of access. As the
season proceeds the birds get wilder, stronger on the wing,
and shots are much more difficult. So Members, who
now, feeling the daily, and almost hourly, annoyance of
enclosure lawyers, railroad lawyers, and turnpike-road law-
yers, get more shy ; they fear to present themselves at the front
windows of their club-houses—sometimes change their lodg-
ings, and get to the House through back ways and alleys, and
are not easily caught by their pursuers. Towards the end of
the season the birds are perfectly wild—soon a nouble-
barrel Manton becomes perfectly useless. In like manner
the Members, as the Session closes, avoid the private Bill-
mongers with the utmost anxiety, exercising as much in-
genuity to get rid of them as some have done to avoid a
sheriff's officer previous to their election. BURKE replied
to some one who asked his support to a private Bill,
" That his Injustice was engaged."

It is confidently stated to be the intention of
Government to abolish the police-office at Lsmbeth.street,
Whitechapel, and divide the business at present done there
between the Thames-police and Worship•street offices,
!Raking Whitechapel and Mile-end raids the line of de-
►narcation. By this arran.tement a saving of nearly 4,0001.
per annum will be made to the country.
THE SKETCH BOOK OF FASHION.—" This
is just such a book as we should suppose the Authoress of
► Mothers and Daughters' would write, lively, keen,
witty, and, to use a familiar eipres.ion, full of relish, with
here and there a tone of satire which, but for its graceful.
ness, might be thought a little too sharp, and a bantering
which, amusing though it be, too nearly approaching mis.
chid-making, and bears too hardly on in any worthy persons
who do not deserve to be so ridiculed, though the authoress
masks her inteation at the very beginning of the book by
dectying, in the most forcible terms, the practice of
quizzing. This is at once ingenious and disingenuous.
We must, however, admit that it is difficult to possess the
power of ridiculing others, and, at the same time, to keep
that power in due bounds, more especially when, as in the
present day, nothing is more admired thin caricature.
But when we designate Mrs. Gons as in part a carica-
turist, we do not intend to deny her talents in the higher
order of portraiture, nor to say that her stories are deficient
in variety, sentiment, or passion. As a female novelist,
she is second to none of her day, and can command our
tears no less than our smiles.",.-Morning Post.

CORONERS
t was holden yeszrd y
uf n a
n n
i 01.10 E ST. pP EitA
hToEq
Inquest S
clo.
ore THOMAS STIRLING, E•q., at the Horseshoe and
Magpie, Coldbath.street, Spa-fields, on view of the body
of ELIZASETA SJIIIH, aged 60, who committed suicide
y throwing herself out of thesecond flour back window of
Clerkenwell workhouse. Verdict " Temporary Insanity.'
The Saltash floating bridge was tly
permanen
set to work last week. Among many equipages which for
the first time crossed the Tamar in this novel and very de+
commodating machine was that of Sir IVILLIA3I CALL,
whose carriage was drawn to the bridge with four horses,
which were driven on and from toe bridge with perfect
composure, nor did the coachman leave his box 'luring
their passage. It is not generally Julian that the i"habi
tants of the borough of Saltash are, by ikeet of Pariiamt-nt,
exempted from paying tollfor ever, a Pr-vnage they L. ar.
not
a little proud of.—Ctoreavall Gazette.
