IiVENING EDITION._

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI-

SLAVERY CONVENTION.

. J. BLAIR., Esq., in the Chair.
',t commencement of the proceedings yesterday
J. ScouLE, Esq , said he had been requested to intro-
duce the subject of foreign slavery. It was unfortunately
too true, that since the abolition of the slave trade by this
country, it had greatly increased—nay, doubled—in other
countries, as in Brazil and Cuba. He entered into a va-
riety of minute calculations to exhibit the extent of the

traffic.
Dr. MADDEN then rose to bring before the Convention
the subject of Spanish slavery. He said the statement
which he presented of the manner in which the Spanish
Colonists treated their slaves—of the horrible cruelties
perpetrated on them—of the utter inefficiency of the Spa.
nish laws, by reason of the rascally subserviency of Spa-
nish authorities—all excited the deepest intrrest, and
proved beyond all doubt the uselessness of all modifications
with the hope of ameliorating the horrors of slavery, be-
cause, as Mr. Cumming has said, the laws had no execu-
tive principle in them, and had to be executed only by
those who were interested in defeating them.
After the conclusion of his speech, Dr. Madden begged
to introduce to the Convention a Gallant Officer, who
bad been the ;first to take upon himself the responsibility
of detaiaing vessels under American tugs, engaged in the
slave trade.—( Loud cheering.) He then introduced '
Lieutenant FITZGERALD, R.N., who was received with
the most cordial cheering, and preeeedee to state that,
having found at the Havannah two vessels had arrived
under American colours, I sent a boat will an officer
aboard, who took possession of one for the night, but
they had great doubts as to seizing her, from the extreme
tenacity of the American Government on the subject.
Another officer, however, thought differently, and took
the vessel to the Mixed Court, which refused to deal
with it. He found, however, circumstances of so sus-
picious a nature, that he determined to take the vessel to
New York, and have it dealt with by the American au-
thorities.—(Cheers.) Whereupon the Captain confessed
that she was in every respect Spanish, and that he had
only been hired to give it an American colour.—( Hear,
hear, hear.) In another week this American Captain
stated that he should have had 350 negroes on board, and
would the Convention believe that the vessel was one of
38 British tons, and that the space between decks was
but two feet six inches.—( Loud expressions of horror.)
In another case he found that many negroes had been
shot like dogs—( Hoar, hear, hear)—and he took the mis-
creants to New York, where, he was bound to say, the
Attorney-General issued warrants for their arrest, but
after a delay of four months he (Lieutenant. Fitzgerald)
had beast forced to leave New York, where he had been
treated with the greatest cordiality by the friends of abo-
lition, and, of course, assailed by every abuse from the
slave-owners.—( Heer, hear.) He had waited upon the
head of the American Government, and on informing him
how he had taken upon hiiaaelf the vindication of the
honour of the American flag, he thanked him.
Mr. Srcnoe just wished to state that Dr. Madden,
bo had just read such a valuable paper on the
horrors of slavery in Cuba, was about to return
thither in an official capacity, as protector of liberated
Africans.--( Cheers.) Could there be a stronger instance
of devotion to the cause ?—( Cheers. ) With regard to
Lieutenant Fitzgerald's statement, he just wished to say
that the principle of the Society being entirely pacific, they
could not countenance any course of violence even in the
capture of a slave ship with all its victims on board.
Sr. Moerasos begged to say that he for one did not
concur in that opinion, and he wished that every power in
Europe would authorise the seizing of slave ships.—( Hear.)
Lieutenant FITZGERALD begged to say that he had
countenanced no force but what was necessary in self-
defence.—( Hear, lacer, )
The CHAIRMAN said he doubted not that every member
perfectly understood the difference between his own indi-
vidual opinions and the principles of the Society.—( Hear.)
The Rev. Mr. KENNEDY moved that Dr. Madden's pa-
per be referred to a Committee to translate. into Spanish,
and to be circulated in Cuba.—( Cheers.)
The Venerable Mr. Clarkson, we should mention, took
the Chair for a short time in the course of the morning.
Mr. FowELL BUXTON said he was anxious to assure
the Convention of the cordiality with which he regarded
their proceedings. Far be from him the littleness of
mind which should view with jealousy their exertions, be-
cause he was connected with the other Society for the ex-
tinetien of the slave trade ' • on the contrary, he considered
that both Soeieties were but only directed to the same
object ; but, though pursuing different lines, might yet
mate' idly assi,t each other.—( Cheers.) The diminution
of the supply of negroes had a close connection with the
suppression of the demand—( Hear, hear)—and the ex-
tiaetion of slavery would go hand in hand with the aboli.
tion of the slave trade.
J. G. BIRNET begged permission to ask Mr.
Buxton to put an end to the impression which he was
aware prevailed, that he was favourable to the scheme of
the Colonization Society__( Hear, hear)—which was most
detrimental to the abolition cause in America.—( Hear.)

Mr. FOWELL BUXTON said he was surprised that it
should be necessary for him to state that to the plan of
the Colonization Society he was directly opposed.—
( Cheers.) He considered it a gross delusion ; at the
same time he must in candour state that the interior of
Africa presented great facilities for colonization.—( Hear.)
Lieutenant FirzoßstaLo wished to say, that of the ad-
vantages of colonization by free negroes he thought great
use might be made under some circumstances.—( Hear.)
A MEMBER wished to ask of Lieutenant Fitzgerald
whether it was not the f►ct that slavers were refitted at
Liberia, and whether they were not provided there with
whips and shackles? He wished to ask whether it was not
the tact that the most notorious of the slave dealers on the
western coast of Africa had an establishment at Liberia
to facilitate the carrying on of this nefarious traffic ?
( Hear, )
Lieutenaat FITUNSIZALD said he had never beard of sla-
vers being refitted at Liberia or obtaining supplies there ;
but he should not be surprised if that were the cave, irl
consequence of the weakness of the colony. But he was
satisfied that a slaver would have as little chance there as
at Sierra Leone.--( Hear, bear.) He had never heard of
shackles being supplied there to slavers. He had never
heard of the establishment of De Suza ; but such was the
rapidity with which the system of slavery was now carried
en that it was impassible for the Governor of that colony
to prevent it in every instance. He knew of a case in
which a slaver from Cuba got on board a cargo of 430
slaves in four hours. He himself had once been out with
his boats four days, looking after some slavers, who, he
understood, were on the coast. Seeing some ves-
sel; in the mud he landed, and having pro-
ceeded some distance ho was soon surrounded by
10 or .50 natives, amongst whom was the King's
brother. IN asked them for information respecting the
slavers, and they refused to give him any. lie asked the
K:ng's brother (who spoke as good English as he, Mr.
Fitzgerald, did) whether he was not ashamed of himself
fir sere ming such atrocious traffickers ? To which the
Pfin,c answered—" That he was not at all ashamed of
it, and that he owed no allegiance to Queen Victoria." It
was a fact, that frem the River Bonny above 30,000 slave:,
were sent out last year.
Mr. BUXTON wished to explain that what he had said
was that the Colony was injurious to the coloured popuic-
tion of America, although it raight be eyeful to the poop le
of Africa Ile would new take the liberty of asking whe-
ther the Convention would deem it expedient that Dr.
Lusltingtou, Mr. Samuel Gurney, and himself, should at-
tend here on sorne particular day to state their views as
to the measures which should be taken for the extinction of
slavery throughout the world ?

Mr: J. G.-BiaNar disliked as much ad any one to occupy
the time of the meeting ; but he had some information
to communicate on the subject before the meeting.
II believed that the Governors of the Colony of Liberia
w, re dear of every connexion with the slave-tr,.de. But
they had not been ablo to keep the colony equally exempt
from the stain. In proof of this he read an extract from
a parnp'ilet entitled " The Colonization Scheme Considered,
in its rejection by the coloured people—in its tendency to
uphold caste—and in its unfitness to Christianiz: and
ci,ilize the aboriginal inhabitants of Africa," &c. The
toaalency of the extract was to show that slavery was
to a great extent supported or connived at by a portion of
the colonists.

Mr. JOSEPII STCRGE said that with every respect for his
valued friend Thomas Ferrell Buxton, he must say that,
considering- what had taken place at the great meetings
at Exeter Hill, he feared that the proposition of his
friend might have the effect of creating dissension here.—
( near, hear.) If his friend and others came to declare
their views in the Convention, it would be necessary for
him and others to reply to him.—(Hear. )
Mr. BUXTON said he would never do an thing which
could tend to create dissension. If the Convention
thought it better that he should withdraw his propo-
sition, he would humbly—although it might seem
a somewhat audacious attempt for an author—he would
humbly beg of that audience to read his pamphlet—
( Hear. )
Mr. Haney (of Glasgow) complained:that the conversas
tica had wandered from the proposition before the meeting,
which he was sure would be heartily concurred in.
Mr. PRICE (of Leads) said that before the question was
put lib's(' to make one or two observations respectin
the -sate of slavery in the island of Cuba. He had
aslg
derable acquaintance with the copper manufacturecrosoi
South Wales, and he believed that such of them as were
proprietors of copper mines in Cuba persuaded themselves
that they were not slave owners The manner in which
their mines were worked was this : the slaves were hired
from their owners at the rate of ten dollars per month
each. He had received that information from a Cornish
miner, who had been employed in superintending those
slaves ; and told him that he was shocked to see the way in
which those poor creatures were treated. He once saw a
woman receive two hundred lashes with a long whip,
which drew the blood at every lash. He also knew an
instance of a man who was threatened with a flogging,
and hanged himself to avoid the punishment. The Bri-
tish owners of copper mines had a lino opportunity of
putting down the practice of employing slaves in Cuba.
They could at the same expence of 2.51. a year (besides
food and clothing) for each person, surround themselves
with free labourers.—( Hear, hear.) He was strongly in
favour of the translation of the document into the Spanish
language.
Mr. Jose STURGE wished to ask Dr. Madden a ques-
tion in reference to the condition of the free coloured popu-
lation of Cuba. He found it stated in Admiral Fleming's
evidence before the House of Commons that free labourers
and slaves were employed together, end that the planters
found it equally their advantage to employ either.
Dr. MADDEN replied that it was not the fact that free
labourers were employed in the growing of cotton or
sugar in Cuba. Some few of the country people were
employed in the tobacco plantations on the sea coast, but
certainly not in the interior of the country.._( Hear, hear.)
Mr. Seoseee, in replying to an observation which had
heat made in the early part of the morning by Dr.
Madden, assured the meeting that the figures which be
had quoted were not exaggerated, but were truly copied
from the parliamentary documents. Full a o ,000 victims
to TE e slave trade perished annually—( Hear, Imo
and it was a fact which ought to be known
to the people of this country that the British
Consul General at iiavannala was connected with that
