[MORNING CHRONICLE.]

Mr: Brougham brought forward, lastnight, his mo.
lion' with respect to the manner in which the measures
for the amelioration of the Slaves in our Colonies,pro-,
posed by Ministers, in consequence of the. Resolutions
of the House of Commons of 1823, had been carried
into-effeet in the Colonies. Havins shown' that the
CorOnial Assemblies had shown no disposition to give
offe .to these measures, he concluded with proposing
a Resolution, that the House would, next. Session,
adortMeasurea to compel the .Colonial Legislatures to
takOlie necessaiy.steps for improving the condition of
the; Laves. This is, of course, a very deli Cate, ques-
tion-, • There can be no question that our West India
Colonies, however high the language occasionally
helm in them, are in too- helpless a tondition to be able
to 6,ppose themselves to this country. The planters
are..entirely at our mercy; they can only retain.their
power over their slaves, through the means furnished
to -them by this country. If,. therefore, we are,
deteirnined to compel - the Colonial Legislatures
peiifriptOrily to adopt certain measures, they
haii •no alternative-7they must yield Obedience.—
Thir;Auestion regards the amelioration of the
,condi-
tiorrofihe slaves, and not their emancipation. It is
areed on all hands, that the emancipation of the
eaves at this time could only be effected at the.ex.'
pew:- of the destrnetion, of the Whites, sand, much
Misery to the Blacks themselves. We believe it is
no,Pitilowed that a profitable return can only be ob-
taineci, from capital in the West Indies by 'eonrpulsdry
labPU'r, and that Emancipation would, .in reality,
amount to a destruction of the property of the COO-
- ;If, then, the Colonists were called on to etnan.

cipitc'the Negroes, they would certainly have a well-
founaell ch'tim.for compensation from those who cOm-
pelid; them to renounce the 'only means by which
their estates were a source of income to them. But
it is not proposed to deprive the master of his pro-
perty in his slaves, or of the means
,to compel
'them to labour. It will not be contended by
the.,,Planters that slavery is incompatible . with a
kind•,Areatment of. the slaves Nay,, they are
conStaittly inaintaining.,- that the Slaves are, in gene-
ral' treated with. kindness and- humanity ; • and that
it is - the interest. of the Master to be 'kind and
Irma sitrak towards them. But it will not bc. contended
that all masters treat their slaves kindly ;.nay, it, wilt
be admitted, that masters are often cruel and inhuman
-to the last•degree. ..Now,, why' shoUld'. there be any
objection to the depriving men -of this power to do
what's.annot add to the value of the property, but
unisrini the contrary.; injure it, and is,- at the same
time, an abomination in the eyes of God and man

Why should they refuse to agree to the measures
which are necessary to the protection dale slavefrotri
an abuse of power ? If the Colonial 4egislatuivswere
wise, they would, for the, sake of the security of the
planters theMselves, instead of seeking to invest them
=with impunity, 'or to throw" difficulties in the way of
conviction for cruelty, give every facility for reaching
offenders, that the misconduct of individuals, may tibt
re-act On the whole body. It will be readily allowed
by the most prejudiced planters, that the condition of
the slaves has been greatly ameliorated since their
treatment first became the subject of discussion in Par-
liament. But if it is the interest of the planter to
tritelffit'Slaves well, and if the discussions in Parlia-
ment have hail' 'the effect of, irnproiring their treat-
meat, then Parliainent , reality 'promoted the
inter; eta"of the* Planter. If the. measurcs2Whilt
liameacall for;. with the view to secure the slaves,etill
rnertAffeetually froM ill treatment, • be wisely adapted
to their end, they yin in' reality enhance the Value of
Wast;iiiilian property, and therefore' the elaiins for
clrtipensation.are, altogether beside tl;c (3uestjon,. 'The
Plantetts; therefore,. are reduced to this dilemma,--eitber
tliertirtAtsra.y,,that' :they .have an interest hi treating
Stalve "with'inlttiiiianity, or the mist allow' that
tiler-securing to the slaves a hunianerireatitienr not
direLnisiothe value their ~property.LlC. these
stereNlititElitaiefi to Sdeura slavesfibieimpropei
tttatigit, catihOC:inimt the property:Rfv.tlie Planter ~
it ..nnokhe fif)noiobstinanY in the Col.nktnil,Afserahliei.
to.irefole to bdopt much measures. Tilt:object of Mr.,
WillhetitraltpeeCh 'seemed 'to he to show that 'the
COV)rtial,l; fi.l4lti AU re had evinced :such a Marked
utrwillitits to cgrnl)4lo.4":Ale 01.1'4E24
mart) selo reader .it, expedient; to.; adopt .the resolu;
:6601%1,4...pr0p05ed by Mr. Brougham ; especially as;
it'WiMAI necessartfortliti.k'finitie to
,inter on the
stjhjef‘ii44'Saiisi;%,.iilaelje Apq. poiriytsomio

A.. striking ,illustrOian, _ , the, wicippf,,,Toquit;„,,
irtiet trunporing,veith Currency, was afforthokia;tliZt
hallo of of.ponunnnsi• ni the .diicusenn on Co,,
Al
.4tyciOpn; '.. : ' 'kit4rig Op the dqpFeettitithy a
,diii:ClrrenDy ,gr tW, ,e Lie:47:o44a 1-40e,-.:ybc-ik,
d.H., lid been glea yi1k,ti0nj,400140,1,0014,.,
rcetlntattSg.fikf... It. had' gr,acluallpfalier4off,,tiu, in,
ifilth filiiiii di4inile ls.-tidt-. 114,iedlit.otitian
„vrti
.4Cenilibigii ibrthViricbliffltlity !iigt-pk., ivittiri-1i;i0
,spacie, and the 'excess to ;66 thA cuturnitenci nd-
,esearily gave rise. To pay debts contracted • when
;go doUar was at Ss. 6d., with le. 6d., is literally de.

frau4ing the -credit= The sooner a system of -this
kind is put'an end to, the better, but in introducing
the Currency of England, respect ought to be paid to
the rights of individuals: We fear, hOwever, that a
graduated scale for , engagements, according .to the
value of contracts at the time they were entered into,
will not be- without its inconvenience in practice.—
Ibid.
