to show the real state of things ; and that the clamour which
hal been raised as to the planters taking a large price
for nothing at all was a fallacy. Then with regard to the
payment of wages, it was proved by witnesses that the proprietors wet e
required to pay the whole of their compensation money, to keep up a
profit on their transactions. The Hon. Gentleman here quoted various
cases, to show that the compensation which had been awarded was not
sustainedverboygethe West India proprietors. The re.
produce of sugar, during the three
years in which the apprenticeship system had been in force was, 106,360
millionss
Iwsa threelesyeol aa, rn, sdt). a
1818,0 But
trt Thathtlheyesr.
wouldewtußu But
findiif
they
th e averaget ok
th
ttaolu'ilnirepail;uataonhtfedepnttro; produce,
hhuyeecaell,::::::atwshea7s, O
73, 70 ,30
70, 00 10. 0
1. I
;n:t thet tither eteh
ry,eoa
yearsr s o
preceding apprentice_
t
7.t.heofdifftheerenyecearinj
sthle4pgrai,,cee
aof,saultglearosfintwtheelvsee
toe yheaavres
been 8,800,0001.
si not :0801061.,
millions and a half ; and therefore the West Indians received five
or 1,770,0001. more than was received at the present moment. He
hoped he had proved the fallacy of the opinions which were en.
tertaincd. Then as to the question of advantage which it was sup.
posed the different islands might possibly have obtained. Jamaica
had Pthe apprentice system; and perhaps he might be
allowed profited
institutiont fiot eadvertd b y
of tot thee
apprenticeship produce o J
system—ita ! cain the threewas
187. t o
years precedingt:l,and
the
during the three years in which the apprenticeship system had been in
ogpreetratthioonl,oists,wbans l,atifi6,
eslo),ootlh.oolVhlen
thought
that
i while the
this tact
tiiooatio he did
ooxi, riot
expended so
much, the colonies should in turn bear something. Then as to supple-
mentary legislation on the part of the colonies, this country had not only
the sight, but it exercised that right, The Hon. Seconder of the pre-
sent motion seemed to have overlosked the statements of figures which
must have stared him in the face; he had made statements which were
wholly unconnected with the allegations which he had made ; he had
given anonymous names. He had said in effect, " Oh, put away the
apprenticeship system, and I will give you the names of the parties to
whom 1 have referred to-morrow." With regard to th.C! defects in the
law of Jamaica, the legal abuses were brought before thc cerninlttee of
1836. Mr. Buxton then said, " Looking tfi the remedy propo,ed_
looking to the provisions of this Bill—do We cqnlend for dealing nicely
with constitutional rights," The Hfin! Learned AleMber for Dublin
said, " We are establishing a dospoti.an in tho West Indies." There could
be no doubt that we were establishing a dictatorship. No doubt the
Government had the absolute control over the negroea, and that it
had the force of law in judicial matters ; but in substance he approved
of it—was ready to sacrifice their constitutional rights for the sake
of affording protection to negroes, But why was not a remedy ap.
plied to the existing evils last year ? He did not hesitate to
say that it was owing to Mr. Sturge that the evil was not reme.
died. Sir Lionel Smith was the governor of Jamaica when Mr. Sturge
was in the Island, and the conduct of Sir Lionel Smith, (that
eminent man), showed so much temper and so much good sense united
as hardly ever were combined; and what right had Mr. Sturge to dis-
trust the readiness of Sir Lionel Smith to remedy all abuses
This gentleman had been appointed by the present Government.
What did Mr. Sturge do ? Why, ho made use of the hospitality
which was tendered to him!—He said nothing of the complaints
which he intended to make—he said nothing to Sir L. Smith. After
some turther observations, the Hon. Member said that he should dismiss
such an cx parte case. Ho would now go to the proceedings contained
in the books, to which he would refer. He would go upon the evidence
of a stipendiary magistrate. Yes, let the propounder of anonymous
statements say that the stipendiary magistrates were not to be believed.
—(Hear.) Who were they ? They were a body of gentlemen chosen
to do justice. What was their position there ? It was said that they
were dependent on the planters for hospitality ! But hospitality there
was not as it was in this country. Hospitality there was extended to
the stranger almost as a matter of right. These stipendiary magistrates
were dependent on the Government for the continuance of their subsis-
tence—they were judicial persons—but they did not hold their offices
upon judicial tenure; the Governors could turn them out of office at
their will and pleasure; but he contended that there was no evidence
shown that the stipendiary magistrates had been terrified out of their
duty. The Hon. Gentleman had spoken of Jamaica juries, and he
(Mr. Gladstone) was glad that they had been done away with. But
what were the facts which had been stated ? Why, that there had
been two cases where the juries were against the special Justices,
where the cases were not considered to be borne out by evidence. The
Hon. Gentleman alluded to several cases of this kind. Fifty-five reports
had been made from the Special Magistrates, and he had gone through
them all. There were twelve questions put in these cases, and these re.
ports contained the answers which were given. Nine Magistrates out
Fgopt ho.
ori ds:
generally,3f nineiet6, two
itrrohi
Hi edniprsgnoueho.i.,lir,rii.spothver:Oede:
of the 55 repeated that there was a bad feeling between the masters and
apprentices. The next grievance complained of was, the nine•hour sys-
tem, that it was not generally adopted. Now, what was the report on
5
r
Gentleman
iglyd:Oteetbxihl
o,,ue,:teamtirgfisy:Ooauuvluk,
ifbel
oygri:srtetheneoan
tct ort ttfi
hhri
relatedsot
eeeehi
referred to
irtaq:ritnjivaucpugel
etd)naisoosi,tr
mot:
Parliamentary
stcgosothenarnio:
orolioyhcypxt
eoi
documents.
hntt
caueeeduddbii
lent,
The
oea r specialC.ne
mit
hourstr
Committee
e.
fnet
Jamaica,rh!l,oaet
rswr; e‘rbhxutci:stn%t
ande da
e
ithnoejeedamuthcaaeica, which could'not be removed. But improvement might be made
in that respect, and he would refer to the exertians of Mr. Latrobe, not,
he believed, a member of the Church. who was sent out by the present
Government for investigating the state of education in Jamaica. He
gave a distinct testimony on this subject. The Hoe. Member here
referred to various reports in confirmation of statements which he bad
made, and next proceeded to the state of prisons and the number of
punishments which had been inflicted in Jamaica. From the tables
quoted by the Hon. Member, it appeared that the number of floggings
and other punishmenta had considerably decreased. Hewould now
come to British Guiana, which, until last night, bad never been ar-
raijned. It was said that there was a decreasing population and an in-
creasing produce. The fact was, that heassumed the decrease of popu-
lation, and as to the increase of produce, the fact was, that in the last
three years of slavery, the produce of Guiana was 36,000 tons of
sugar, while in the three years of apprenticeship the amount was
37,600 tons. This was all the increase of produce, and he much
doubted the decrease of population. From the silence of the Governor
on the subject of the sick, he must conclude that the Government
deemed it to be generally humane. Prior to the apprenticeship system
the number of lashes inflicted in Guiana was no less than 200,000,
while under the apprenticeship system they had been reduced to 680
lashes.—(Hear.) Were Hon, Gentlemen then justified in saying that
the apprenticeship system had been a decided failure?—(Hear.) He
held in his hand a newspaper published in Lion-kerma, from which, hwas
proud to say, that wisest the Highlanders of Scotland were in distress last
year, the apprentices in Demerara actually sent to Scotland as their
subscription to relieve that distress, the sum of 261.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Jeremy, who was well known to the House, had told him, in
the presence of several Hon. Members, that the Government of Guiana
was, upon the whole, satisfactory and sufficient. Compare the state
of the English manufacturing operative, or of the factory child, obliged
to work so many hours a day, to that of the apprentice in Guiana, who
lias only to work eight or nine hours. Compare the Irish peasant with
6d. a day with the apprentice in the West Indies, and say which is in the
more advantageous position. He had no apprehension of the result of
that debate, for he did not believe that the proposed resolution would
even, be carried in that House.—(Loud cheers.)

The gallery was then cleared for a division, when tho numbers
were-- .

For the Original Motion 2oi
For the Amendment 269
Majority for the Amendment .--Q4
The Bill was then read a second time, and committed for Monday next.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at half-past oise, until Monday.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.

(YESTERDAY,)

(From our Second Edition of last night.)
HULL.

The Committee met at the usual hour, when the cross.examination of
Turner was resumed, as to the vote of John Appleby, whose case was
partly gone through yesterday.
' After the arguments of Counsel had been concluded, the Committee
struck off the vote.
treated with glasses of grog by young Mr. Dryden—that
Jacob Lissons was next objected to. It appeared from the evidence
of Ely Rusting that during the time of the election the voter was em.
ployed as a runner by the Blue Committee at the Shakspeare—that he
room was
He could
Anna Maria Meggitt gave similar testimony.
rweafrsefsrhegm'elenntstiwY were provided at the house fur the voters, &c.
was engaged a week
Mr. John Nixom, druggist, was next examined. He stated that he
was frequently at the Shakspeare during the election, and that he was a
member of an open Committee, of which Mr. Ullathorne, Mr. Henry
King, and Mr. Buchanan, were also members. They were frequently
reemtehneferol
election
iotheron byw itndistricts.ess and
de
Mr.roo
not say who was the Chairman. The chair was sometimes occupiod by
himself, and sometimes by Mr. Ullathorne.
In the course of the proceedings Mr. LEIGDALR took occasion to
language frequently used by the Counsel fot the petitioners,
notice the
remarking that the insinuations thrown out were such as ought not to
aosrs itsetne Id
abyYsgbeenftol
be made, and that it was an abuse of the privileges of Counsel.
Mr. Ilasrre concurred in these remarks, as did also the Chairman.
The examination of Mr. Nixon had not concluded when the Commit.
tee adjourned at four o'clock.
. - .

KINSALE.
When the Committee rose to-day the Sitting Nen,b was in a
ma,
iurity of ono.

1838.—The following is the House List of Go-
vernors and Directors of the Bank of England for the year
ensuing:—

FOR GOVERNORS.
Timothy Abraham Curtis, Esq., Governor.
Sir John Rae Reid, Bart., Deputy Governor.
FOR DIRECTORS.
Robert Barclay, Esq. Jamei Morris, Esq.
John Bowden, Esq. George Warde Norman, Esq.
Henry Davidson, Esq. John Horsley Palmer, Esq.
Abel Lewes Gower, Esq. - James Paulson, Esq.
Thomas Hankey, Jun., Esq. Christopher Pearse Esq.
John Benjamin, Heath, Esq. John Henry Pelly, 'Esq.
John G. Hubbard, Esq. Charles Pole, Esq.
Charles Fred. Huth, Esq. Henry Porchor, Esq.
Alfred Latham, Esq. Wm. R. Robinson, Esq.
James Malcomson, Esq. Thomas Charles Smith, Esq,
Wm. Mellish, Esq. Wm. Thompson, Esq., and A!••
Humphrey St. John Mildmay, derman.
Esq.
Thos. M. Weguelin, Esq.
The election for Governor and Deputy-Governor will be held
at the Bank on Tuesday, the 3d, and for Directors, on Wed-
nesday, the 4th of April next, from ten o'clock in the fore-
noon till four in the afternoon.
BY AITTIIORITY.—Tke Court Gazette, in an ole.
gant form for binding, devoted to the Court and Fashionable
World, Literature, Music, the Drama, Science, and the Arts,
price 6d., will appear April ith, with a list of presentations
and dresses at her Majesty's Drawing-room. Advertisements,
Orders, 6:c., at 162, Piccadilly.
THE NEW NAVAL NOVEL, " OUTWARD
BOUND ;" By
THE AUTHOR OF " RATTLIN THE REEFER.—
This new work strongly supports the well-earned reputation of
the author. It conveys a searching knowledge of the workings
of the heart, and we meet, in many instances, with most elo-
quent and poetical descriptions. To the nautical reader it
will be doubly la elcome, as he will be presented with sketches
drawn with faithful accuracy and powerful feeling. A very
considerable vein of philosophy runs throughout the story, and
not a little quaint humour, which makes moralising agreeable
and instructive. The superstitious notions of seamen are for-
cibly delineated.— Sunday Times,
Bell's Life in London enlarged, price the same,
fivepence only..—. Northampton Steeple Chase, of Pridsy, with
Cheltenham, arc given in Bell's Life in -,fiweaoni of Sunday,
April 1, to the extent of twg !Argo folio columns ;
also full
particulars of the Wooster matters between Ward and Samba,
" TOPSAIL SIIEET BLOCKS."—Wc 4TZ. vequested
to state that the new work, entitkcl, Topsail Sheet Blocks,"
by " The Old SalloTill'#i this day published by Mr. Bentley;
New Aurlington.-_street (Publisher in ordinary to, lie v Majesty).
Agettis toy Scotland : Messrs. awl Bradlute, Edinburgh ;
for Ireland, 11,,1r. OaraMing, bublia.--40„* Orders re-
ceiv4 of all booksellors,
