THE SUN, LONLON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1840:

tion and religious bigotry against Mr. HARMER ; f ceding day in the Westminster Court of Sewers.
we cannot forget that its Tory hostility to the The main features of the discussion taken by Mr.
Whigs was founded on personal resentment, and 'i LESLIE on that occasion were, that the Commis-
has always been prosecuted with all the bitterness of stoners of Sewers had usurped the powers of the
personal rancour. Patriotism never inspired so. Jury, and that they had ordered professional valui-
I
continued and unfounded a series of calum- tors to give in under the recent Parochial Assess-
nies as that journal has directed against. 1 ments Act (Mr. PAULETT SCROPE'S) valuations
Ministers. We have no hesitation in making such ' of property, which had not for 300 years been sub-
remarks, because newspapers are now as influential . jetted to the sewers tax ; and which question had
as Ministers ; and as these latter have sometimes not been submitted to a Jury prior to incurring the
allowed their personal resentments to dictate the expense of this professional valuation, which amounts
policy of their administration, so the newspapers to 2411. 10s. to Messrs. SIBLEY and TAYLOR for
may cause personal feeling& to direct all the arrows valuing " nine churches, thirty-seven chapels, seven
of their malice while they shoot them in the name. hospitals, three workhouses, and barracks," &c.
of the public good. We do not, on this account, We perceive, on reference to Mr. Sergeant
las' celebrated work on the Statute of Sewers, that CAL-
place place any reliance on the present and sudden CQII.
version of the Times, much as we are pleased to see he enumerates six leading " things to be done by a
it, even for a day, from whatever motive, advocating -.Jury," in one of is hich he expressly states, " but
a policy which is now essential to the salvation of the what persons hold lands and tenements within the
country. • level which are fit to be chargeable :hereunto, and
To satisfy our readers further on this point we the quantity (y their lands, are to be inquired of by
shall think it our duty to publish the report of Jury" (CALLIS p. 109).
the language ascribed to the Chartists at the meet- No, say the Westminster Commissioners of
ing at Norwich. We hope and believe that the Severs by their vote of Friday, we will incur the
violent terms put in the mouths of the speakers by whole expense of the professional valuation before
the Tory journals were not used, but whether Iwe summon a Jury to ask them anything about the
they were or not the general character
of the language indicates feelings in the working
classes which bode for the country a most angry

question.

We observed, also, that Mr. LESLIE stated that
the whole expense of these professional valuations
of property (cover before rated) already incurred,
amounts to nearly one thousand pounds.

future. Nor can we say that the deductions of Mr.
DOVER and Mr. HEWITT from the facts they
stated in relation to the toil of the labouring classes
and their scanty reward, are unwarranted or unrea-
sonable.

We imagine from what is oozing out, at the dis.
cussions in the Westminster Court of Sewers, that
there must be some very nice pickings about that
Court, in which, unless the lawyers share pretty
largely, we shall be much astonished.

More than a twelvemonth ago it was publicly
announced that the Chartists meant to attend every
public meeting in great numbers, and carry resolutions
favourable to universal suffrage. At that time they
carried such a resolution into effect, broke up seve-
ral meetings, and prevented a great many more being
held. Even Anti-Corn-law meetings could only
be held by admitting persons by tickets, as they are
admitted at Exeter Hall, and a completely open and
public meeting could scarcely be called in any of the
large towns. It would seem that this plan is now to
be resumed, and that even meetings for the abolition
of slavery are to be made subservient to political
purposes. The unrepresented being denied all
share in the advantages of the social union, while
they are made to bear a full share of all its burdens,
we cannot blame them for taking measures to pro-
cure redress. At the same time the consequences
which flow from their conduct, and will hereafter
follow from it, are of no inconsiderable importance.
Whether recognised by law or not, public meet-
ings of the inhabitants of the towns and counties
are essential to the practical working of our Go-
vernment. When they are suppressed, whether from
the violence of the people, or the despotism of the
Government, the greatest change ever yet effected
will be accomplished in our Constitution. Lord
JOHN RUSSELL has told us that we cannot have
a revolution once a year, neither can we with any
safety have a battle in every town ; yet without
something like a battle it seems very doubtful whe-
ther any public meetings can be held in the large
towns, whenever the numerous unrepresented people
decide otherwise. These are matters of serious con-
sideration, and convince us that all the energies of
our statesmen are now required to conduct the Govern-
ment safely and successfully through the pending
changes in society. Foreign affairs may be very
amusing, but if our statesmen for them neglect the
" look-at-home policy," they will assuredly plunge
the nation into vast and inextricable confusion.

The speech of M. GUIZOT on the Eastern
Question in the Chamber of Peers on Wednesday
last, of which -we now present our readers- with a
full and authentic report, will greatly gratify the
best feelings of all who truly desire the mutual
prosperity of England and France. When M.
13U1ZOT solemnly avows as his convictions, as a
Frenchmen and as a Minister of the Crown, that
France hai neither moral nor political interest in
upholding the dominion of MEHEMET ALP in
Syria, and that no insult was intended to be offered

to her by the Treaty of July—that even the
full execution of that Treaty by the Powers
would neither affect her influence nor her honour—
he cuts the ground completely from under the feet
of the war party. And be it remembered that there
is no better authority upon all facts connected with

the Eastern question tha❑ M. GUIZOT. His po-
.sition as French Ambassador at the Ccurt of
London, when the Treaty of July was under discus-
sion ; his office as Minister of Foreign Affairs,
which subjects to his inspection all the papers which
formed the groundwork of his predecessor's policy ;
and, above all, his own exalted moral character—
are so many undeniable guarantees for the scrupu-
lous accuracy of his statements, and so many
.attes-
tations of the respect due to his opinions.
But the battle of peace, prosperity, and civiliza-
tion, though well fought so far, is not yet won. The
great contest will be in the Chamber of Deputies.
It is as yet impossible to determine the line of de-
fence which M. THIERS may adopt, or the extent
to which he may go in order to rouse the warlike
feelings of France in support of his policy. But if
we may judge from the tone of the Constitutionnel,
the organ of the ex-President of the Council, not
more than a decent show of opposition will be made
to the new Cabinet. This cannot be avoided. M.
THIERS must either attack the policy of his suc-
cessor in office, with some show of patriotic indig-
nation, or suffer himself to be borne down and tram-
pled upon by his own followers, by whom he has
been trusted as an oracle of wisdom, and of whom
any compromise with the immediate policy of M.
GUizoT would appear a flagrant betrayal. The
following are the Constitutionnel's observations upon
the speech of the Foreign Minister :

In another place will be found a report of the
dinner given to Messrs. A GLIONBY and HORS-
MAN, by their constituents, at Cockermouth. The
speech of Mr. HORSMAN, and the eulofzium he
pronounced on the Ministers, just in many points,
deserves public attention. Men are too apt to for-
get
,services rendered, unless gratitude can be con-
tinually kept alive by an anticipation of future
favours. But the decay of this hopeful gratitude,
deprives the Ministers of power by weakening them
in the constituencies ; and, ceasing to be able to
command good measures in Parliament, they lose
the support of those whose interests they have
befriended, and whose principles they have espoused.
To remind the constituences •f what the Ministers
have done, Mr. HORSM AN'S speech will be useful.
The meeting is otherwise remarkable as a speci-
men of frank and cordial communication between
constituents and representatives. Were there more
such meetings, and were union and zeal enforced
more frequently in other constituencies, and as elo•
quently as they were by Mr. HORSMAN, the Libe-
ral party would be much stronger, and would com-
mand to a much greater extent the respect of their
opponents.

The motto of M. Guizot, as displayed in his speech, is
peace everywhere and for ever. In the mouth of a stalcs-
mail this is a dangerous naivete. Let foreign Governments
be well convinced that this is the immutable will of the
French Government, and we shall sec what trials they will
prepare for us. Peetee is an immense benefit without doubt,
but what is peace without justice? What is peace without
honour? This was the observation made by M. de Monte-
lembert, and M Guizot was compelled to rectify his words,
and to say that he required peace with justice and honour.
And who, we will ask, requires any other? M. Guizot says,
the Treaty of the 15th July was an indelicate proceeding,
Ira not an insult. But M. Guizot has said that when it
was supposed by the English Cabinet that France had
interfered to bring about a direct arrangement between
the Pacha of Egypt and the Sultan, he declared the con-
trary, but was not believed. We call this incredulity an

insult. M. Guizot dwelt much on the influence which
France has, he says, gained in Europe under the policy of
the last ten years. France has certainly, since the Revo-
lution of July, made some moral conquests; but it is not
France that has gained ground in Europe ; it is England ;
it is Russia which has extended her power on all sides,
and is now an incessant menace to European civilization."
It is really too bad to suppose that an insult was
intended to France because Lord PALMERSTON
hesitated to credit a statement of M. GUIZOT,
not made on that most respectable Minister's own
authority, and which was belied, so far as appear-
ances went, by the acts then passing in the Medi-
terranean. Lord PALMERSTON did not believe
what M. GUIZOT stated, because his Lordship felt
satisfied that the French Government had withheld
same material facts from the knowledge of the
French Ambassador at the Court of London. Lord
PALMERSTON knew that before the Tuikish Ad-
miral betrayed his master's fleet to the PA CEIA, the
only person with whom he took counsel was Ad-
miral LA LA NDE, and he had the evidence of the
Dragotnan that the French Admiral had advised
this act of treason. Was he to infer from this that
France was acting with good faith towards England?

The Examiner contains the following startling

announcement :

It is currently reported and believed in the best in-
formed quarters, that Lord Palmerston advised with
arid obtained the concurrence of Lord Aberdeen, Sir
Robert Peel, and the Duke of Wellington in the
Eastern policy, before he adopted it, or before he acted
on it. This, indeed, was taking a pretty wide step
" beyond that Taurus which divides us from the com-
mon foe." It was entering into a secret correspondence
with the enemy
The Liberals have been left alone and in the dark
en this Eastern policy, while Lord Pa!merston has been
making a separate treaty with the Four Powers—the
Duke, Sir Robert Peel, Lords Lyndhurst and Aberdeen.

The French mails of Friday and Saturday had
not arrived up to the time of our going to press.

Owing to the kngth of our foreign news, and the ar-
guments in the Queen's Bench this day in the case of
Mr. Baines, we are obliged to postpone a number of
communie,ltions.

Not a member of the Liberal party did or would
Lord Palmerston deign to consult. The compliment
of advising with persons not sitting in the Cabinet
Lord Palmerston reserves exclusively for individuals op-
posed to the principles of the Ministry, and hostiie to
its existence. To by able to set the friends of the Go-
vernment at defisnee Lord Palmerston sought the
counsel and support of its enemies.

CORN-LAWS.—ME. SIDNEY Smint.—We are glad
to see, by the angry comments on this gentleman's lec-
tures i►: the landlords' journals, and by the scurrilous
letters which they provoke, that his labours are emi-
nently successful. One Tory Mayor refuses him the
use of a Town.hall—a set of Tory Councillors seek to
drive him out of a town—the iVittehire Gazette
calumniates him, and persons under some signature
connected with agriculture, such as " Plain Farmer,"
write abusive iettcrs, which no decent journal, except
the editor were very angry and very stupid, would ad-
mit into its columns. He has invaded the stronghold
of the bread-taxers, and roused their own subjects to
rebel. By their aid the manufacturers, now more in-
tent than ever on obtaining the total abolition of the
Corn•laws, will be successful. To that much desired
result Mr. Smith's Lectures will much contribute.

--ohtb.it a Government should thus put an enemy
into its mouth to steal away its brains!
There is some resemblance in this to an article
which we copy from the Spectator, but we are
bound to say that it cannot possibly be true. How-
ever certain it is that the Tory papers have ap-
proved of Lotd PALMERSTON'S policy as to
Syria and France, it must be equally certain that he
adopted it without consulting either of the Tory
statesmen mentioned. If either of the two reports be
correct there is an end of the MELBOURNE Adminis-
tration. It will no longer find any support from the
Radicals in Parliament, and cannot keep together.
In fact it would be a disgrace to every member of
the Cabinet, and an especial disgrace to Lord
MELBOURNE if he sat one day longer in the Ca-
binet with a Member who consulted his political
opponents. In that case Lotd MELBOURNE,
though responsible to the country as the head of
the Government, would be of as little real import-
ance as a door-keeper, and would be for ever dis-
honoured if he or Lord PALNIERSTON did not im-
mediately resign. On these grounds we feel quite
confident that the reports cannot be true, and that
the Examiner has been induced by its dislike to
Lord PALMERSTON'S Eastern policy to give in-
sertion to a calumnious report.

• VT
)ctcekoaftopr
prophesying
a os
phseisnyginu
glaralyftseargtahceioeuls,ejnotu,r
andna
takingwhich
has aihtekt noSla itself
for great extent of vision. All the Li.
beral journals almost of the empire, for the last
amnodn
fromtb , have
the
evidence beenßc Report,
Commit-
tee, and making out by it a case against the bread-tax,
makoifngtheextlr
and a host of other similar unjust protecting, as they
macptsortiroDmuttihese
are called, duties. A dead set has already been made
at the public mind,by means of that Report. It is obvious
from that, and from the fact that the Committee was
moved for by those who do not allow the corn which has
been ripened bytheir labour to moulder,and rot ungathered
and unharvested on the ground, that the important in-
formation collected by the Committee is to be used next
Session. Yesterday, however, the Spectator, with its
usual philosophic foresight and commanding sagacity,
recommends that the Report of the Impoit Duties Com-
mittee be thrown at the heads of the Ministers, the first
thing next
.Session. It, gives this hint to the friends of
free trade, including the Anti-Corn-law League, who
have already thrown it, by the hands of the public, with
no inconsiderable force, at the heads of the Ministers.
It will not, go with less effect, by the impulse being in-
creased by public opinion ; but the Spectator seems to
imagine that th” blow will be more powerful if it be first
struck in the House of Commons, for it has made few
or no efforts to inform the public of all the enormities
which the Committee has brought to light.

We can state on good authority that the state-
ment we have copied from the Examiner is incor-
rect. The claquers of the Clubs have converted
the approbation expressed by the Tory Peers and
Commoners for Lord PA LMERSTON'S policy, after
it was adopted, which is open and avowed, into the
assertion that their advice was asked before it was
adopted. The Noble Lord did nothing so de-
grading to himself and the Cabinet of which he is
a member.

IMPORTANT TO MARINERS.—The Trinity..
house Boas d has issued the following notice :—" London,
Nov. 20, le4o.—Wolf-rock Beacon.—lnformation has
been received that the polo and globe of the beacon on
the Wolf-rock, off tke Land's-end, Cornwall, were carried
away during the late storm. The conical part of this bea-
con remains visible above the level of high-water spring-
tides, and is supposed to be uninjured."
THE BISHOP OF OSSORY.—Reports were cir-
culikted yesterday and to-day (Thursday) of the death of
Dr. Fowler,- Bishop of Ossory and Ferns. This Prelate
has been- for some time in declining health ; but we have
some reason to believe that the rumour of his demise is
unfounded.—Dublin Evening Post.

Out limited space on Saturday prevented us from
noticing the important discussion which we then
so fully reported as having taken place on the prc-

LLO YD'S SHIPPING-(THIS DAY.)

LONDON, Nov. 23. Wind this day at noon, light south-
westerly breeze and hazy.
DEAL, Nov. 21..—Wind S. W. strong. 22, N. N. W.,
7 P.M. N. N. E.—Arrived the Maria, Sproule, from Val-
paraiso; Pleiades, Manelove' Quebec. Sailed the Cla-
rendon, Fisher, for Jamaica; Kate, Gerard, Grenada;
Ceylon, Cox, Honduras • Lucretia, Headbury, Santa
Martha. 21. The greater part of the outward bound which
sailed yesterday have put back. 22. The wind shifted to
N. N. W. last night, and blew very hard, and has continued
throughout the day with a heavy surf on the beach. The
following lost anchors and cables have been supplied
..--Caroline, Campbell, for Jamaica; Rapid, Alexander,
Demerara ; and the Henry Wellesley and City of Poonab.
The British Sovereign, for Sydney, and Robert Stride,
for Bombay, with several others, slipped their cables and
proceeded to the westward. The Galway Lass, Ablett,
from Galway to London, capsized oti the North Foreland
this morning—crew saved; the hull has since been driven
cn shore in Sandwich Bay.
MARGATE, Nov. 22.—The Westminster, Mallison, from
Singapore, and the Claudine, Brown, from Madras, drove
on the rocks this morning, about a mile to the eastward ;
the former is bilged, and the cargo of the latter is being
discharged—crews saved. The Catharina, from Trieste,
is on shore outside the harbour, with loss of rudder,
anchors, and cables. Several vessels parted in the roads
during the night and this morning, and have gone to
leeward.

RAAISCIATE, NOV. 21.—The schooner Industry 1711 foul
of the Mary, M`Carthy, and lost her bowsprit ; the cutter
had her stern stove in.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 21.—Wind W. N. W., fresh. 22.
N. N.E. to E. N. E. _Arrived the Rajasthan, Ritchie,
from Bombay. Sailed the Ellen, Ross, for Trinidad ;
timena, Tremp, Barbadoes; Essequibo, Lamont, St.
Vincent ; South America, Bailey, New York ; Wanderer,
Wahrisley, Halifax. Off port, the Prompt, Quebec.
COVVES, Nov. 22.—The Sarah, from Nevreastie to
Demerara, has come into this harbour to partly discharge
and repair.
SALCOMYE, Nov. 21.--The topmast head of a vessel,
above water, was passed yesterday off Dungeness, by the
Active, Russell, arrived here.
PLystourn, Nov. 22.—Wind N.E.—Sailed the Berk-
shire, Norris, for Sydney, New South Wales. The
Furchal, Fonrose, from London, for Trinidad, has put
in here with decks swept, and loss of beats, Ece.
FALMOUTH, Nov. 20.—Wind NE. to N. W. 21.
Wind N. W. to W. S. W., strong gales and violent squalls.
—Arrived the Alert packet, from Rio Janeiro—sailed
27th Sept., Batavia 7th ult., and Bermuda 19th ; Eliza,
Wylie, Quebec. The Margaret, Ogilvie, from London
for Jamaice, with cargo shifted, and loss of bulwarks, &c
Montrose, steamer, Gibralter—left 13th inst., Cadiz 14th,
Lisbon 16th, and Vigo 18th. Sailed the Favourite, Parke,
for the South Seas; the Packet, Shirting, Cape of Good
Hope. It has blown a violent gale, with heavy squalls
throughout the day. A Hamburgh brig and another vessel,
both dismantled, were seen during a gale on the 17th inst.,
in lat. 49, lon. 11, by the Alert packet, arrived here, but
could render no assistance.

PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 21.—Wind W. S. W. to N N. W.,
strong. 22. Wind N.— Arrived the Chudam, Speed,
from Stockton for Toulon, with loss of main-mast, sails,
&c., having been in contact with a foreign barque off the
Needles yesterday.

FROM THE LONDON GA24ETTE
EXTRAORDINARY.

NIONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The Lisbon mail has arrived, brought by the steamer
Montrose, which sailed from Lisbon on Nov. 16, Gib-
raltar 13th instant, Cadiz 14th, Vigo 18th instant. The
intelligence the above packet brings is of minor import-
ance.

In reply to a question from one of the Deputies, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs solemnly declared that the re-
port which had been in circulation to the effect that
20,000 Spanish troops were approaching the Portuguese
frontier, was wholly untrue.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, SATORDAY.—The trans-
actions to-day are confined to 25,000 bags Americans, to
the trade, without change in prices.

BUCKINGHAM PALACE, NOVEMBER 21, 1840.
This afternoon, at ten minutes before two,. the Queen
was happily delivered of a Princess. His Royal High-
ness Prince Albert, her Royal Highness the Duchess
of Kent, several Lords of her Majesty's Most Honour-
able Privy Council, and the Ladies of her Majesty's
Bed-Chamber, being present.

We have received Buenos Ayres papers to Aug. 23 :
Our intelligence this week is chiefly confined to a know-
ledge of the preparations in train for an immediate cam-
paign. All we know of the military movements in the
country is, that after the disembarkation of the forces of
Lavalle, between the Boradero and San Pedro, an
attempt was made by a detachment of General Pacheco's
troops to surprise them, which however failed.
Exchange upon England highest during the week
prem., lowest 1 i prem. In doubloons no transactions
during the week. Treasury Bills in circulation on the
Ist inst., 4,385,600 dollars.
This day ( August 1, 1840) completes the 872 d day of
the blockade of San Nicolas.

This great and important news was immediately
made known to the town, by the firing of the Tower
guns ; and the Privy Council being assembled as
soon as possible thereupon, at the Council-Chamber,
Whitehall, it was ordered, that a Form of Thanks-
giving for the Queen's safe delivery of a Princess be
prepared by his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury,
to be used in all churches and chapels throughout Eng-
land and Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed,
on Sunday the 29th of November, or the Sunday after
the respective Ministers shall receive the same.
Her Majesty and the young Princess arc, God be
praised, both doing well.

To the Governor of the province of Buenos Ayres:—
" I have the honour to inform your Excellency that since
yesterday I have watched the movements of the French
squadron which convey the remains of the force of
the traitor Juan Lavelle. lam marching along the coast,
and have arrived at the place where Juan ordered my
division to encamp until the 28 French vessels which have
anchored in front proceed down the river, in which case I
shall keep them in view until the province be liberated
from such a filthy plague.—Pacsssco."
We have received a price current from Rio Janeiro of
c
the 25th Sept.:—Since our last circular of the 11th a
was voted by the Legislature to the Government
for a deficit in the present financial year, including all
arrears, to the amount of 9,804,467 dollars 117 rs.,
the money to be raised by a loan, or whatever
manner may be deemed most advantageous to the
Treasury.. The Ministcr ofoo c
Finance has commenced
5
his operations by taking up on 02. on Treasury bills,
but keeps the strictest mystery as to his intended ulterior ,
measures; and, having during the discussion of the credit ;
on the question being started, categorically declined to
declare himself as to whether he understood the term
" loan" might include the authority of issuing of paper
money, it is naturally apprehended by many, that in case
of need or convenience such an untoward expedient may
again be resorted to. The sum is undoubtedly too large to
be raised here either by a sale of stock or the discounting
of Treasury bills, without leading to great sacrifices on
the part of the Treasury, and causing material injury and
inconvenience to commercial men and agriculturists. The
Exchange declined last week from the previous steady
rates of 304 and 30 to 291; the beginning of the present
and
week has been again rather higher and much firmer to-day.
After the arrival of theMagne
greatert packet
part someat tthe
bfousrmineersst
wasatc
done ,
at whichat 30
there ;
the
Exchange, Saturday, Sept. 26.—A good deal of busi-
ness has been done on the Exchange this morning at 304
and 303. 60 days ; and some at 30i, 90 and 60 days. It
is leaving off very firm.
Coffee continues flat, nothing
are
30i
still bills in the market.
doing. Shipments this month, to-day inclusive, 72,823 bags.

THE ROYAL INFANT.

(FROM OUR OWN C-ORRR9PONDENT.)

The Isle of Wight has the honour of being the spot
from which the person who is to suckle the oung
Princess has been selected—a Royal messenger was
sent off express on Saturday to Mr. Charles Day, sur-
geon, of Cowes, to announce to Mrs. Jane Ratsey, wife
of Mr. Restell Ratsey, of Medina-terrace, West
Cowes, that she had been appointed wet-nurse to the
Queen, and to desire that she would proceed to London
immediately. She arrived in town by the Southampton
mail train on Sunday morning, to undertake her high
and honourable office. A person apparently more ad-
mirably suited for the situation could not possibly have
been selected.

We have no accounts of the steamer President from New
York, which causes some anxiety in the City, as she is
supposed to have been 21 days out.

Report says that it was her Majesty's particular wish
that a wet-nurse should be chosen from the vicinity of
Cowes, from observing the very healthy stale of the
women and children during her residence in the Isle of
Wight, and from the very gieat benefit her own health
received from her visits to that beautiful island.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.

The past week's arrivals were good of Barley; fair of other
Grain. The lresh supply was good of Barley, but mo-
derate of other Corn. Wheat comes still in tender con-
dition, and declined Is. to 2e. per quarter. Barley was
reduced Is. to 2s. per quarter. Beans very dull. Poas
2s. per quarter cheaper. Oats slow in sale at their
former value. Flour again 2s. per sack lower. Top
nominal price 555.

PRICES ON BOARD OF SFIP

Wheat, Red (old)
—White (old) —s. —l.
--lied s2s. b6s.
Fine 555. I.os.
Superfine 625.630.
White (1841 .) 565. 625.
-- Fine 113 s. 06s.
Superfine (S'is. 70s.
--- For ei n free sh. fibs.
Ryc 38s. 40s.
Barley 233. 375.
Grinding tBs 325.
Malting 355. 365.
Malt. Ms. 60s.
-- Fine New f3s. 645.
Pease, Grey, New 18s. 40s.
-- Maple New . 421. 435.
White 40s. 429.
-- Boilers -10 s. 425.
ARRIVALS OF GRAIN IN LC

English
Irish
Foreign

Wheat. I I
4,7 N vs. 1

Beans, Small (new) 43:. 455.
(old) ...... .._ 44' 495.
Tick (new) 33 40
(old) 42.. 4.11.
1 Harrow (new) 4,J..42.
(01d)....... 441. irf.
Brank
Oats, Feed
New °O. 235,
Poland
New • ••5,„ 2Ss.
Potatoc —s .—s
*Jew 2i, 30s
Scotch :!7..30a
Irish 181.... 21s. 245.
Flour Town (per sack) .... 525. s's.
-- Seconds 4`3,. 51s.
-- Npnrth Country 4tis :!8:.
Bran ll, 1.2.
,NDON DURING LAST WEEK

;arley. trace.
,413 qrs. 3,4:'8 qrs. $,358 sacK
11,021
- 1,025 rya.

1,00 I 9,245 I
SMITHFIELD.

The trade for Beef was good, particularly for prime
quality, there was a short supply of Mutton, and the trade
was brisk. The supply of Calves was short and the trade
brisk. A good demand for Pork of small size. Beasts,
3,161; Sheep, 20,630; Pigs, 673; Calves, 67. Beef,
3s. Bd. to st. ; Mutton, 3s. Bd. toss. ; Veal, 4s. to ss. ;
Pork 4s. to ss.

We have a current rTepiTrtrcoNfD the stoppage of a banking_
house at the west end of the town. I
i2;,lhneLt segr so
:46 ;ents., 22 1 23 ;
Consols, which left off on Sa urday at 89i- i for the I
Account, opened this morning with an improvement, 89a- it,
Money same; Exchequer Bills, 2 dis., par; Bank Stock,
159 163 ; India Stock, 239 241.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active, which left off
31
1'
ss isi
Three
good ; at present, 231 1; Deferred, 111
11
Portuguese same as they closed at 3.5 i
36;
Brazilian, 741 751 ; CO-
lombian, 2/4 26 ; Mexican 291 301; Dutch Two-and-a-
Half per Cents. same as they left off, 51i I; Five per
Cents. 97 981.
SHAKES—Great Western Railway. 19 20 prem. ; Lon-
don and Brighton, 13 121 dis. ' • Blickwall, 44 i dis..
Birmingham, 73 75 premium ; Southampton, 03
.54
per
share; Croydon, 111 12 per share; Greenwich, 62 7
per share; Manchester and Birmingham, la 1 l dis.
Tao Indiamen are upon the Margate sands.
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE.
Paid. Per Share.
Great I ',WAYS. are.
6b
Great Western
Ditto New 40
London and Brighton
40 .•••• 2q ...... to _.London and Birmingham 1
90 I6J ...... to
00
North Midland
Ditto New 361••••., to
JOINT STOCK BANKS.
London and Westminster ....
171 ... 161 .. to
National of Ireland ... st ...... to
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN NOS'.
3 per Cent. Consols
Three and Half Stock "•••
971 ;Grand Canal Stock .... ...
Ditto Reduced ......
1 Ditto New, 1830 .
per
netpit
.. cent...
3i per Cent. Debs. ...... 901 Rosa! Canal Stock ......
•••
HALREA ,-..,
0 r ONE.
The failure of the bankers,ar _Messrs. Wright•• and Co., of
Henrietta-street, Covent G dee, has caused some sesa-
tion both in the Money Market
a and the City, and much
regret is expressed on their account. ape understand that
their failure may be entire ye . r, uted to their extensive
speculations, but it is re t d
rep assets full assets will be forth-
coming for all demands.
the failure
Up to the present hour failure has not had any effect
on the British funds.
Burin the
Consols have beenfg( morning at 891, alter-
nately buyers and sellers
ao
~,r )era
etii: e
Account, with little
doing, owing to the t Et' b mails being still due ;
Money same as for time. Exchequer Bills, 3 I dis. ; Bank
Stock, 1591; India Stock, 241.
is in the ,
The Foreign Marketb .
ntiv s-me inactive state as that
spent% A
of the British. 221 Nei' 2311 1 ; Portuguese, 36
35/1; Three per Cents. 0 In, exican, 30; Dutch Two-
and -a-Half per Cents., e, tLh. g done; Five per Cents., 98.
scarce aa)thing
In Shares ‘ doing. Great
Western,
London and
84; New, 48/ 43;
N I h Midland Brighton, 26i; Bir-
mingliam, 1631 ; —o.r ' New, 361.
no infell,gence as yet of the arrival of the
We have
President steamer.
_____..„.,......,----

populous pariah of St.
Fe ulk Dowager has forwarded
to the Rev. W. E.
L.
• ner a handsome donation
for Dover, to inspect the
justtile formedattentnv
James, Clerkenwell, for 1 relief of the sick poor, and
towHarders aMSaojeeiesttyy
bas consented to become Patroness. of the same.
Lord Hill has arrived in town, from Hardwick
Hall, his sett in the county Q ,
e Swtleee ''''''lL His Lordship
leaves in the course of th
troops garrisoned at the ca .
The Eail and Countess of Wilton will leave
Badminton, where they
thelcl ose of the present week, for
town, and, after staying .1% f vdays in the metropolis, go to
Strathfieldsayo, on a visit to the Duke of Wellington.
CHURCI-L-RATE DEFEATED AT MORLEY.—
The poll for this rate commenced on Monday morning,
and closed on the afternoon of the following day, when the
numbers were—For the rate, 176; Against it 207 ; Ma-
jority against the rate, 31. We understand that every
possible means was resorted to by the pro-rate party in
otderto secure a majority on their side.—Leeds Mercury
