SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We trust that we shall be gratified in fulfilling our
promise to the public, by furnishing our readers to-
day with the earliest account of the proceedings at the
nomination of the Candidates for South Devon. We
now address ourselves to the discharge of a still more
important, we may say the paramount duty, of im-
pressing on the electors of Devon the necessity of a
vigorous, combined, and determined exertion to defeat
the machinations of a party, who would detach them
from their allegiance to liberty, and cover them with
ind.2lible disgrace, by seducing them to betray the great
trins of the elective franchise. • Men of Desron ! now
is the moment to " show the mettle of your psture.
You have before you, on the one hand, the man wild was
foremost in the accomplishment of that great Reform
to which many of you owe the privilege of your votes.
Will you turn, then, against the giver ? You have
before you, on the other hand, the protege of a party,
who struggled in deadly opposition to withhold that
right, and who now audaciously challenge its exercise
in their favour. Can you be so vile as, rejecting the
friend of your freedom, to choose its direct enemy as
your representative? Impossible ! Look to Man-
chester, to Nottingham, to Cambridge; &c., and prove
that you also have sufficient intelligence to appreciate
the true interests of the country, and sufficient integrity
to reject the minion which an unprincipled faction
wculd impose upon you. The question which hurled
the Peel Ministry from power is the most important of
those which the reform in the representative system
was designed to render of practical good. It is a
question involving a principle of enlarged benevolence
as opposed to bigotry—of justice and humanity
as opposed to cruelty and barbarism_ —a principle
calculated to heal the bleeding wrongs of Ireland, and
bring that people, by means of education, to appre-
ciate truth—the only basis of religion. And why do
the Tories concentrate and invoke all the powers of
evil to oust Lord John Russell from your representa-
tion ? Why, because he is the champion of this good,
this great, and glorious cause. Will you desert him
in the crisis, and lend yourselves to the infamous de-
signs of Toryism ? Here you have before you the
advocate of justice, humanity, and freedom ; there,
the mere tool of _a party, whose best claim to your suf-
frages is the faithless promise to correct the wrongs of
their own perpetration. The sole end of the Tories
is to counteract the benefits of the Reform Bill, to
lead the people back to bondage. Be not duped
by their mock professions : while they grasp your
hand they have the dagger concealed in their bosoms.
Will you advance to that freedom which is the first
blessing of existence, or return to the slavery in which a
faction has so long kept your destinies enthralled ?
It is not a personal interest that is involved in the
struggle ; it is the general interests of the country and
posterity. By submissie to Tory misrule, our fathers
have left us the victimsNf debt, discord, and deso-
lation ; but the day of regeneration is at hand—
now is the time to establish a better order, and by
renovating, to preserve, the national institutions.
Will you leave war as the inheritance , of posterity,
when you might leave peace ? Should your chil-
dren, roused by the spirit of freedom inherent in
man, be called upon to fight the battle which your
decision might now terminate, they may not curse,
but they must despise their base, dastard, and corrupt
ancestry. But we have no such apprehension ; you
know your friend, and will support him—you know
the right, and will defend it ; and though this genera-
tion may not see the accomplishment of all the good
to be secured by success, you shall open a way to your
children to progress to a glorious freedom, and its con-
sequent prosperity.
" For freedom's battle once begun,
Bequeathed by bleeding sire to son, •
• Though baffled oft, is ever won."
Hence, men of Deforri we call upon you, for your
own sake—for the sake of your country, your child-
ren, and for the sake of Ireland, who, in her torture,
looks to you as the arbiters of her destiny, to sacrifice
all minor objects to these-.mighty considerations, and
return Lord John Russell as your representative in
Pal•liament.—Morning Advertiser.
The public will recollect the very remarkable report
presentead by the Church Commissioners a short time
before the dissolution of the late AdministratioNsand
the approbation with which it was generally received
throughout the country. The report recommended
the approximation of bishoprics to each other, in ex-
tent of territorial jurisdiction, and of annual value, and
so the diminution of the motives to translation. It fur-
ther recommended the abolition of commendams with
bishoprics, whether with or without • the cure of souls.
There certainly was no indication in a report of this
nature of any indisposition on the part of the heads
of the Church to introduce reform. We verily believe
that no Whig Administration would have dared to
originate changes of so decided a character into the,
Church. The ration will, therefore, naturally feel an
anxiety about the existence of such a commission under
th e new Administration. We hope it will not be dis-
solved. The highest praise of it is, indeed, a wish on
the part of Lord Melbourne to the same effect as our
own, that the Right Rev. Prelates who made up the
clerical part of that commission would continue their
la!)ours. Whom they may have offered to them as lay
colleagues in the places of Sir R. Peel, Lord Lynd-
hurst, and Mr. Goulburn, we know not ; but we trust
that the new associates will be respectable, and actu-
ated by the same spirit as their predecessors. There
is still much to do. The deans and chapters are to be
dealt with ; and whoever considers how much the
revenues of those bodies are• connected and intertwined
with every species of property throughout the realm,
must acknowledge that the subject is indeed a very
delicate one, and requires the utmost temper and judg-
ment. The prelates who arc members of the Commis-
sion are, we believe, the two Archbishops, and the
B'sliops of London, Lincoln, and Peterborough.—

Times.
We have to add Penryn and Falmouth to the list a
rel urns in favour of Ministers. The majority in favour
of Mr. Rolfe was 21 ; but if we separate 'Falmouth
fro:n Penryn, we find the votes as follows :
Penryn. Falmouth.
Rolfe...
Tullamoore
We here see that Lord Tullamore's votes were nearly
all from the freemen of that old sink of corruption
nryn ; and that while Mr. Rolfe had 251 votes
of the healthy constituency of Falmouth, Lord
Ttillamore had only 82 there. This sample
nr.y serve for all Tory returns. They are strong
only in places where bribery and intimidation
can be brought into operation. We understand
that there was a good deal of rioting at Penryn.
The worthy freemen of that place consider upright
Tn_n in the light of traitors—as men who would
d ‘:;rive them of a market for their votes ; and, in con-
sequence, many of those who voted for Mr. Rolfe were
very much injured by the mob. Several individuals
wl:o wished to-vote for Mr. Rolfe were deterred by
tl,Jir brutality from going to the poll. The mob were
quite infuriated at the prospect of loosing what the
deem their birthright, through the conscientious sciu.
pLs of some of their townsmen. But this is what
TAries admire. We may now appeal to the result o
th numerous elections which have taken place as the
best answer to the boast of Sir R. Peel, that he had
th„:. country with him.
" We may be weak here," said the Right Honourable Ba-
ro..et, " but this I tell you again respectfully, but with a firm
conviction of its truth, that there is a public opinion which
3;.lsts independent of majorities—which is not controlled by
vetes—which it is essentially necessary to possess, in addition
to nere majorities in this House. I never felt more convinced
of anything than I do of this truth, that the public opinion will
not sanction,—it will with its submission, but it will not with
its approbation sanction,—your efforts, even if they are suc-
cessful, to throw impediments in the way of the useful measures
of Government."
The Right Hon. Baronet must now be satisfied that
he laboured under a most grieVous delusion when he
give utterance to these sentiments. Ministers have
been successful, or will be successful, in Totnes,
Taunton, New-)ort, Sandwich, Berwick-upon-Tweed,
Nottingham, Manchester, Penryn and Falmouth,
Stirling, Haddington, Cambridge, Edinburgh, Clack-
minnan and Kinross, Dundee and Elgin. An oppo-
noct will be start in Leith, but without any
prospect of success. The only places in whicn
th.tre is any doubt aal to the result are the West
Riding of Yorkshire and South Devon. With respect
to the West Riding, we are confident of Lord
