I N D'•l A.

Extract ,qf a Letter, dated calcutia, Sept. 30.
" We are anxiously looking to the operations
of the Free Sager Company, and we are certain
that the introduction of machinery for grinding
the canes,would be attended with most salutary
results, both in cheapening the article and im-
proving the grain. The attempts of the West
Indians to poison the minds of the public at
home, with regard to East India slavery, have also
been the subject of some discussion in the
newspapers here, and the West India interest
has not wanted an advocate even in this free
ceuntry ; but their arguments have been almost
altogether too absurd to, require notice. That
slavery does not in India is most certain,
with the exception of one description of-domestic
mule and females, that are to be purchased in
the upper districts of Ilindostan. From a resi-
-6116: of seven years in the heart of the largest
sugar district in India, we can safely aver that
no such thing as slavery exists among the Ityots."

•
Extract of a Letter from Bombay, dated Nov. 5.
Archdeacon Barnes is ko embark in a few
days,, carrying with him the prayers and good
may say, of every one. W e yesterdki
resolyed to present him a farewell address, and
request him to let.his portrait be painted by one
of the first artists in Loudon, and engravings of
it taken: to be, publisheri with a selection of his
sermons, a copy of which I hope to have the.
pleastire of sending you. the picture is to come
r.%
opt here and be ,placitd in the new school, of
which he was almost the founder. A public brtakfast will be
given Att,more suited to the occasion on presenting the ad-
dreas. (fold and silver medals. of reward are to be annually
provided, out of the interest of the surplus cash expected to be
raised by subscription throughout the settlement, and presented
to the best-scholars, to be called the Barnes' mcdall--com-
pliments selected, you will, I hope Hay, very judiciously. Ile
is Oleo* survivor of the first Christian hierarchy established
in India; the Lord Bishop and the two Archdeacons, of 'Cal-
cutta and Madras having tiled in the course of a few years."
