WEST INDIES.

VALUABLE ESTATES in the ISLAND of TOBAGO.
in the WEST INDIES, for SALE.
TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC ROUP,
Within the Royal Exchange Coffee-room, Elinburgh, on
WEDNEsnAv, the 15th day of June next, at Two
. . .

o'clock, Afternoon,
rHE ESTATES of ARGYLE and IN-
VERA WE, advantageously situated in the said
Island, with the negroes, buildings, and whole stock on
the said Estates, inventories of which will 1)t exhibited.
The ARGYLE ESTATE consists in who'e of about
five hundred acres of land, one hundred and fifty of which
are in canes, one hundred acres in negro provision land
and pasture, and about two hundred and fifty acres in moun-
tain land brushwood.

The INVERAWE ESTATE eonsists of about nine
hundred and forty-eight acres; one hundred and twenty
of which are in canes and cultivation, two hundred acres
in pasture and negro provision ground, and the remainder
is uncultivated land of wood and brush.
Upon the Argyle Estate there are upwards of one
hundred negroes, sixteen mules, seventeen working oxen,
twenty-eight pasture cattle, besides sheep. There are
a dwelling-house and out-buildings, a set of works con-
sisting of a mill with water-wheel, boiling-house, curing-
house, still-house, rum-cellar, and mule-pen, besides many
other requisites.

. -
Upon the Inverawe Eswate there are upwards of one
hundred and twenty negro'', tee melee, eighteen oxen,
eighteen con,, besides sheep and other stock. The build-
ings consist of a dwelling-house, kitchen, and out-build inert,
mill with water wheel, and hoiling-house and utensils,
curing-Louse, still-house with liquor-vats and rum-cellar,
and mule-pen, besides various other appurtenances.
Copies of the inventories, and every requisite informa-
tion, will be furnished by Moncrieff. Webster, and Thomp-
son, Solicitors, Old Palace-yard, Westminster ; M'Dougall,
Son, and Bainhrigge, Solicitors, Rirlianient-street, Lon-
don; M'Grigor, Murray, and M'Grigor, Writers; or
Duncan M‘Gown, Glasgow ; .Tames and Laurence David-
or Macmillan and Grant, W. S. Edinburgh,
eon, w. S. ;

CUBEBS, WITH SARSAPARILLA, c. &
THE most safe, certain, and speedy remedy
ever discovered for the Cure of Gonorriima, Gleets.
Strictures, Seminal Weakness, Pains of the Loins'
Kidneys, Irritation of the Bladder and Urethra, Gravel:
and other Disorders of the Urinary Passages, frequently
performing a cure in the short space of three or four days.
It eonreins all the efficacious parts of the Cnbeb, eombined
with the Salt of Sarsaparilla, and other choice ingredients.
which makes it valuable for the removal of Secondary
Symptoms, Pains of the Bones, and all Disorders arising
from an impure state of the fluids. In cases of Debility,
a perseverance in its use has been found to give strength
and increase of health to the whole System. The most
delicste female may take it with perfect safety.
Prepared only by J. W. Stirlinr Chemist, 86, White.
chapel, from whom it can be sent to any part of the work
(upon enclosing a remittance), in bottles, at 4s. 6d., lOs.
and 201. auk.
Caution—As there is a spurious imitation, he sure "J.
W. Stirling" is written on the stamp.
Agents—Sanger, 150, Oxford-street ; Barclay, Far•
ringdon-street; and all the principal Medicine Venders.
Ask for Stirling's " Rees'e Eassatt."

New and Improved Editions.

Goss,s WORKS. (Twentieth Edition.
ss. each.

1. THE JEWS OF LIFE.
" Homioein nostra sapit."
" Our paize relates to tn3n."—MAATIAL.

. -
A Non-Medical Commentary on the indiscretions arts •
ing from Human Frailty, in which the nature, symptoms,
and baneful effects of Self-abuse, Intemperance, and Liber-
tinism, &c., are fully developed ; with Ptactica! Observa-
tions on Sexual Debility, and Mental Irritation, with some
interesting Observations on Vegetable and Animal Life;
in Part 11. is a series of Cases illustrative of the preceding
subjects, explaininei them in a familiar manner.
By GOSS and Co., Consulting Surgeons, London.
" Naturas beatis. .

" Omnibus esse dedit, si (ink cog noverit uti."—CLAuniAs•
" Since Heaven to all the fund of bliss supplies,
" Its fruval application marks the wise."

2. The SYPHELIST, a Familiar Treatise on Disorders
arising from Lues Venerea, Gonorrhea, Stricture, Setninal
Weakness, &e., with a vaa iety a)f remarks oi•corring in 3
very extensive practice, each Section explained by case...
3. HYGEIANA, a Son-Medical Analysis of son'e
Complaints incidental to Females, as Leucorrhoea, Nervou.
Irritation, &r. in which are offered some impint.int admo-
nitions on the peculiir debilities attending their circurn;
stances. sympathies, and formation. The subject el
Sterility is especially dwelt upon. Interesting and impor-
tant cases illustrate the subject.
" Quo fugit Venus ? lieu ! quove color decens ?"
Hoa. Lib 4, Od. 12.
~
" 'Whither flies Love ? Ah ! where the ch inning bloom?
The above may be bad of Sherwood and Co., Pater-
noster-row, London ; 86, Trongate, Glasgow ;
9, Calton
,
street, Edinburgh ; Wrigl.tson, Birmineham'; Maid
Bath; Reid, Bristol; Weller, Cheltenham; Loder, Bright"n ;
Wood, Huntingdon; 11 itr, Cambridge; Trewinam Exe-
ter ; Bacon and Co., Norwich ; Deck, Ipswich ; Hobson'Leeds ; Gore and Son, Liverpool ; Sowler, Mancliester
Platt and Todd, Sheffield; Shatter, Oxford ; Brodie and
Dowding, Salisbury; and of all Booksellers.—Price 5,
each.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. are to be consulted, as usual,
every day, at their house ; and Patients in the remotest
parts of the Country, can be treated successfully on de-
scribing minutely the case, and enclosing a remittance for
Advice and Medicine which can be forwarded to any part
of the world. No difficulty can occur, as the medicines
will be securely packed and carefully protected from oh'
ervation.
GOSS and Co. M. R. C. Surgeons, No.
Botiverie-
street,lFleet-strat, Loadva.

.(From the .11-ess•oger des Chambres of Friday, May 13.)
Rands, Mar- 12. —A letter from Toulon of the 7th of
Mae gives us the following details :
We hear kgreat deal of a ministerial despitch• which
is said to have. brought orders fix two sltips of the line,
three frigays, and a brig, to set sail for Portugal.
Ti,ews, whiula has spread through the whole city, haS
caused a very great sensation. All the (takers of the
•quadron are eager to go, and revenge tin the odious Doti
tliguel the insult off red to the French nation -in the
Jet. nof one of its most respectable citizens: the ynune
.lespot most already fei-1 his 'throne totter under him at
the. news that the French expedition is s tiling to Lusitmia
whidt this monster has stained with blond. It is feared
that the tyrant may accede to all the demands of France.
and that his reign may continue ; but such a fear can
hardly he conceived after the Just epithet which the French
Ministry has given to this crowned cannib
M. Beraud, Manager of the Journal called L'Echn
Francais, 'yas, called before the second section of the
Giurt of A. iz , for having', in an article on the 13th of
March last, been guilty of exciting to hatred and contemr
of the Government. M. Beratut, not having appeared,
was condemned by default to six mouths' imprisonment,
and a fine of 3,000 francs.
Frequent conferences are hehl at Paris between the mem-
bers of the diploma is body; it is supposed that they
relate to the affairs of Poland.

Our letters from Algiere, of the 30th of April give us
the following derails :
" Ciptains are going to be sent to command the com-
panies of the auxiliary battalions ; these battalions amount
t ,getln-r to 3,000 men, but the raising of recruits among
the Zolutr:Vit:oes on slowly.
" The ex-Bey of Oran has received a reimbursement co
75.000 francs, and 47.000 boudjons (37 sous.)
" An English frigate cruised tier three days off Algiers.
After approaching and saluting the fort with 21 guns,
which was returned, it made signals to the English
Consul and sailed away.
" Affairs do not go on very prosperously in the province
of Oran. 'Though Muley Bey has abandoned the environs
of Tremezen, the place is not the more free on that Ac-
count ; the Arabs besiege the citadel occupied by the
Turks, who are reducel to extremities. However, as we
hear nothing of the march of the army of Morocco, it is not
necessary to increase our force at that point If the Maro-
quins join the Arabs, after the taking of Tremezen, it is
probable that the Tunisians will return to their homes
then only .'Hers Elkeber and Fort St. Gregory will he
seen pied."
" The Revue Judiciaire says,—' A report has been
spread in the Pahris de Justice that the King's Attorney-
General was going to prosecute those citizens who appear
wearing the riband of July, before they have complied with
the conditions prescribed by the fine's ordinance.
" Letters from Italy received yesterday, announce that
the Austrians are going to evacuate Ancona.
" The Messager gives a letter to the editor from a

number of persons entitled to wear the riband of July, de-
claring that they Rill not, by their silence, suffer it to be
supposed that they assent to the opinions of the assembly,
in the Passa‘e du Samna!). They will readily take the
oath of fidelity to the King of the French, of obedience to
the Chamber and the laws, before they wear the Cross.
It is true an ordinance cannot change a law, but as this
is a national aath, why refuse to like it ? Has the King
violated his ? Is he nut daily labouring to establish our
institutions, and to secure the happiness of France ? As
for the won:s ' given by the King, we think,' say they.
that they do not fully exprtss the intention of the law,
and that it would be better to have national recompense
given by the Kind of the French. This is merely a wish
which we submit to the patriotism of our King.'
" The Mayor of the arrondissiment certifies the authen-
ticity of the signatures."
(Front the Journal des Debuts.)

PARIS, MAY 13.—The news from Italy arrived yester-
d,y is, that the Austrians are about to evacuate Ancona.
M. de Chate-auhriand, faithful to his principles, sent, on
quitting Paris, his quota to the journds, which openfA a
subscription to pay their fines. The Quotidienne re-
ceived, as did the Tribune and the Revolution, the offer-

in; of the most zealous and the most consistent defender
of the Press.

eow(m)lnigi bankr.bei
on: a , e d
\-1/AitsAlc, MAY 1.-.(Extract of a private letter.)-
After. several manoeuvres, Mai shal Diebitech has failed in
' provoking the Poles to fight a general battle. His army,
s,iffe,ing all sorts of privations, begins to mutiny, atm
envies the fate of tho'e win have fallen into our hands.
Toe retrograde movement of Diebitsch is the consequence
of the developentent of the insurrection in Lithuania.
All the details which we receive from that province make
us suppose that the plan of Skrzynecki will be carried
speedily into complete execution. Several Nobles have
placed themselves at the head of the insurrection. Prince
`Gajriel Oginski cornztrunadndlB,htlnie,preww,leiv)ireisnocen the right
tishecol\Tlleicetminegn'all the disposable forces. Ile is an
of the artillery of Constantine's Guard, and his
:ffiokcfileirrother, Baron Bonne, a Satnogitian, has already
the national party. The Imperial Guards,
florkaileil on all sides, are at hay. General 'Liminski on
one aide, Colonel Zaliwski on the other, with the M-
surgents of Lithuania, will annihilate this guard. The
Grand Duke Constantine is with the guard. General
beeAn
caapuppoi:)ifftoNerirelicesielnii:engvre.pcii:stn.b,srte,;ebuedeicnf,tocaorebrinrt;eltdtitrh:::.,
uniii„ki has requested that the Far li Regiment of the j
line, the favourite of Constantine, night be sent to him j
in order to prove to the Grand Duke that it merits his
The Russian Genera's reproach Nicholas with
praise.
having given the command of his armies to Germans,
to repair this fault, tic Emperor wishes, in spite of himself,
'lily Russians at the head of his army, and Count
to See .• and
cPwuerintireeerpniti.t°sitn.°)ginti iirr:aja n. ee the ancient poqsesitions of Russia
from
trus
ti°ll,l:vraa:tli:ti:irhg'B'lll'l7t)urtl'h:liinetial: eaenxid):ititeels:le, revolt
tSot'inPtieinidate the Divan and foreign Powers. The A:ba-
niati insurgents come in !Junket's into Podolia, and several
of them have reached our army.
FarNco fulsos.-PAsis, Ma? liq ~
.....-:tve per Cents 90f. 15c.
90f. 90f. 15e. 3c. 10e. 15c, pc. 2:c 90f. 200. 15c. 10c. 15c. 20c. 10e.
„..x.. lac. .20c. 1)01. 30c. 3,c. 20c. '2.lc. 20e. 30c. 20c. 130 e. ; Loan of
7,„,, ,of. 90f, 10c. 25c. 40c. 25c. 50c. ; Four per Cents., 75f. ; Three
~',ce„ts., o4f. 15c: 20c. 2ac, 20e. 25c. 30c. 40c. 50e. 40c. t4f. 30c.
r, 50c. 40c. 35c. 25c. 35e. 40c. ; Bank Stock, 1,600 f. ; Rente de
maples, 70f. 7011 10e. 50c. 71f. 71f. 10c. 71f. 701 60c. 71f. 71f. 10e.
71f. 71f. Ve. 50c.; Rente- d'Espagne Five per Cents., 13ii 34 14;
Royal Spanish Loan, 66 66f. zti ; Acute Perpetuelle u'Espagne,
54 ti', 55 5,1,i54 N % 55% %ii 56 s):i.i !. 4 54 4 ; Haytian Loan,
2.80 t. Exchange on London, one month, paper, 25f.' 15e. ; money,
9.,5f 10c.; three months, paper, 23f.; money, 2411 95c.-Coors
Authentique.

BRUSSELS PAPERS.
BaossEr.s, May ll.—Numerous and strong detach-
ments patroll.d the streets last night, but every thing was
perfectly trtriquil.
A depotrtion of the Belgic Association having waited on
the Regent to protest against the imputations brought for-
ward against it, the Regent said that he did not doubt the
patriotic motives of the Association, but thought that
traitors had abused its name to engage in criminal intrigues In support of this opinion, he mentioned the purchase of
three thousand muskets at Liege, said to be made for the
Association ; that 1,500 of them were paid fur in ready
money, and it is bdieved they were bought for Holland.
Ttic Deputies explained the reasons which the nation had
to be disc itisfied- with the present Ministry, and that th.
only remedy was, to remove men who did not enjoy th.
g.neral confidence. The Regent replied, that he had just
signed the decree convoking the Congress for the 18th
May, which could not tneet sooner, because the Members
must give an account of the proceeedings to the Congress,
which may afterwards decide if there are grounds to re
move them.
The Regent added, that, by the meeting of the Con-
At all events they are quite ready to resign.
gress, a p-ositive answer would be received respecting the
acceptance or the refusal of the Prince of Saxe Coburg/
and that it would then be decided whether hostilities should
oe resumed.
At this moment it is announced, in all quarters, that
Prince Leopold has accepted the Crown of Belgium.
lanwakrts, a Belgic Cabinet messenger, arrived
yesterd Iy
from London with despatches, which are said t..
he very important.
Be ssEL,,
MAY
13. umerous patrols traversed the
streets last night; the cavalry and artillery were under
arms, but there was nothing to create apprehension. It
reported that M. Lebeau, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
N
set out yesterday for London.
Lord Ponsonby set out to-day, the 13th, at nine in the
morning, for London, whither he has been summoned to

•
live the latest information 'respecting the interml state of
Arnenz the seventeen persons arrested en account of the
iisturbanees nt Brussels on -Mnday, there are twelve
F, end) men.
There is no truth in the report of troubles at Malines
no the 10 Eft. —Brussels Papers, Mak, 14.

HA MB UR G PAPERS. -
WARSAW, MAY 3.—Our State Gazette sap; that the
11,u1.!quarteri,of the PtiliNh.C)inrrtander-its-Chiefare apin
at Jendrzziorn, near Kxln•zza.

The Warsaw Gazette says 'that Field 'Marshal Die-
hitsch has sent, .through General Lewandowski, one
(red ducats to each, of the Russian officers now in the hos-
(lletattlesraolf NWaasrssarin. uTtashes%aemr:lyP4wptettart7levti tinatthtii.na4eßtito'sri6al::
Stani-lawow. Accounts from Podgorze, in Galliria, on
the Ist of May, !fly that Gtmeral Dwernicki, having
passed by several Russian corps, had requested the Cam
ma ruler of the Imperial Austrian tromps on the fontier.
ri Gallieia, to allow him a free passage to go to Z tmosc,
which was, of course, refused.
WAR,IAW, MAY s.—The State Gazette contains the.
following news On the 2d, the Polish head-qoar
rers advanced, and skirmishes are sail to have taken place
at some points. On the 29th, Colonel Molkosiewicz. with
division of his regirmmt, crossed the Vistula from Solec
to Knmiew, and dispersed a detachment of forty or fifty
of the enemy's cavalry. At Lublin there is great mor-
tality among the Jews. The Russians have converted a
convent into an hospital for those who have the cholera.
Many of the Lithuanians whom we have made prisoners
have taken part in our late actions with the Russians.
" The andversary of the Constitution of the Sd of May,
1791. was kept in several private circles. Public testi-
vities have been judged dangerous on account of the cho-
lera. The Senate. the Chamber of Deputies, and the
National Government dined together, and a collection was
made tor the sick in the hospit ds, and 'or the distressed
inhaltitants of the right bank of the Vistula."
The State Gazette gives a long official report of the
Generaliss too, dated Jendyzjoro, Qd May, as a supple-
ment to Ills report of 28th April. He relates the advance
of the Russians from Seidlett, the action near Minsk, in
which General Gulgud so greatly distinguished himself
and did not retreat, according t, his in-tructions, till the
enemy brought forward large masses of fit, sh troops, and
then retreated in good order, repelling all the attacks made
on him. Our loss was three officers and 184 subalterns
and privates wounded. The enemy's lass, the General
-ays, was far greater, from the well-directed fire of the
Polish artillery. The General then mentions that he in-
tended to have fought a battle at Donhe, if the enemy had
offered it, which seemed to be his intention, as his move-
ments were not to be accounted for on any other sup-
position ; yet, in the night of the 29th, the enemy
began to retreat, followed by our vanguard, which took
tnany prisoners. In the night of the 30th, Lieutenant
Sierawski, with 30 chasseurs, surprised and attacked the
camp of a whole regiment of Cossacks, some of whom
were killed, some made prisoners, and the remainder dis-
persed in the forests. The General-in-Chief complains of
the ravages committed in some places by the Russians, and
says that some physicians sent to the hospitals for the
cholera patients at Mienca, had been taken away as
prisoners of tear; be adds, however, that he must ds justice
to the humanity of several of the Russian Generals; their
Field Martial Diebitsch, finding 50 wounded Poles at Minsk.
had given orders that the greatest care should he taken of
them, and the behaviour of General Kreuta to the officers of
Sierawslii's corps. whom he had taken prisoners, has been
truly noble. The General then communicates Gentral
Dwernicki's report from his camp near Koloilno, dated
24th April. This report relates to an action at Thromel
on the 18th of April, against General Rudiger's corps, which
is here stated to have consisted of 12,000 infantry and
cavalry, with 22 cannon. General Dwernicki says the
enemy lost eight cannon, many killed, 800 wounded, and
100 prisoners : his own loss was two officers (severely
wounded) and 50 men taken prisoners or killed, and eight
officers and 60 men wounded. " There being nosy noth-
ing to hinder my advance," so concludes the report, " I
passed the night on the field, marched on the 20th. at day
break, to lireshako, where I passed the Styr unopposed,
and encamped at Cholym. On the 21st in the morning I
arrived at Radziwellow, on the 22d at Taraz, and the 23d
in Kolodno."
Accounts from Brody of 26th April, in the same paper
(the Warsaw State Gazette) say, " the Poles left Rad-
zewillow on the 22d, and Dwernicki with his corp.,
turned towards Kamiruce. On the 25th, it is said, there
was a trifling action near Kolodno, to the advantage of
the Poles. On the same day a pat t of the Russian
Custom-house officers and troops, that hid taken refuge

at Brody, returned to Radzewillow, under an Austrian
escort; the baggage, however, still remains on the irontier,
becau.e the return of the Poles is every moment appre-
hended."
The Warsaw courier says, " All the accounts re-
ceived in Warsaw agree that the Russian army is retreat-
ing at all points. Count Fiedrn, one of our officers, is
said to have fallen in an action with the Cossacks."

According ►.o letters from Vienna of 3,1 May, news had
been received there, that General Dwernicki, with hi.
corps, had retired from Volhynia into Gallicia, and had
laid down his arms, the particulars are expected.—
Prussian State Gazette, May 9.

(From the Warsaw Gazette.)

Baonv, APRIL 21.—The terror that prevails among
the Russians is beyond description ; all fly to our town,
and besides carriages, loaded with the private effects of the
civil officers, 450 waggons, laden with leather and wax,
have arrived here The Russian eagles on the frontiers
have been eve:-ywhere taken down and broke n to pieces,
and the Polish eagle set up instead. Many Russians hare
concealed themselves in our forests near R. olzewdlow ; on
the other hand, detachments of our hussirs and infantry
have been ordered thither. All Brody is in motion ; the
victory of the Poles has caused extraordinary joy ; the
wounded Polish soldiers are kindly assisted here in every
house. At Sokal there is an hospital for wounded Pole.•.
WAasaw, MAY 2.—lt was cenerally repotted yester-
day, that the Russians had retreated from Siedlec, and left
there 10,000 sick. The latest accounts say, that Colonel
Luvinski, who commands a separate detachment, has
made himself master of Ostrotenka, and totally defeated
the corps of General Sacken.

Diebitch is retreating with his whole army to the Bug,
over which river he has thrown bridges.—Hamburg
Papers, May 10.

VIENNA, Antic, 30.—T0-morrow being the tete (or
Saint's Day) of the King of the French, Marshal Count
Maison, the French Ambassador, gives a grand diplomatic
dinner, and preparations are making in the Hotel of the
Legation for an illumination.

Hi% Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Oldenburg has
arrived here, and will in a few days marry the Princess
Cecilia, daughter of the Ex-King of Sweden.
An Austrian officer, who left the head quarters of Count
Diebitsch on the 20th, has arrived here. No action of
importance bad taken place between the two armies.
MAY 2.—Four per Cents. Metalliques, 70Z ; Bank
Shares, 995.

WARSAW, Aram 2S.—Since yesterday afternoon
things began to as,ume a different aspect, the Russians
suddenly halted at Dembie Wielkie, where Slozynecki of-
fered them battle, and then retreated. It is even affirmed
that Diebitsch has already retired to a considerable dis-
tance, and so the Poles are already advancing. thainski
has been joined by some good regiments, among which is
the celebrated 14th of the line, and is now going with his
whole force to attack the guards, and to join the patriots
iu Sawuglia and Lithuania. We have no direct news from
Dwernicki.

POLISH FRONTIERS, Aram 28.—The insurrection in
Lithuania is spreading. What German Papers say of its
insignificance or suppression is not entitled to entire credit.
It may be confidently asserted that above 30,000 persons
lave answered to the summons to rise and fight with great
animosity. They are indeed badly armed, but this defect
is remedied by their knowledge of the country and their
-nthusiasm, and the scythes are found there also to be of
great service. It is said that the Russian army in Bessa-
rabia is ordered against the Poles, but before it arrives the
fate of Poland will perhaps be decided by a great battle,
or by a general insurrection in Voltiynia and Lithuania.
HAMBURG, MAY 9.—The Austrian Cabinet is said to
have addressed 'a
Note to the English, French, Russian,
end Prussian Governments, inviting them to send Minis-
rers to a Congress to be held at Aix-la Chapelle, for the
,Jurpose of agreeing to a general reduction of the armies of
the Continental States, and for the purpose of effecting
some arrangements in the Polish and Belgian affairs. On

The-Prussian State Gazette contain! several unim-
portant paragraphs from the Warsaw Gazette Of the 4,h,
hut not the above article. It gives, however, th, follow-
i.itz short not,: :
" ACcording to letters from Vienna, under date of May
3, intellitrence, has been received there that General
Drvernicki had V.rown hims,li into Galsici with his C •cps,
ad that ris troops had laid down their wins." '
None of the letters from Vienna of the 3d. that we h we
.',4ca• &Ind - to the report put forward by the State Gazette.
In Berlin, on Sunday afternoon, the reports were very
-conttafictory. One account st tied that DA.ernick,, finding
his retreat cut off by a superior Russian force, had hot lly
marched across the G,llici .ri territory hack to Z triune.
Diel)it"ch.'s late advance to Minsk is said to I live cost him
a los. of 800 men, atoonz whom are three Generals.
attack
The
rar;euoLni
dyGdein:ar,ai G
tr
nugutligu , t
Russivision
an., not ur linsk
to the unfortunate inhabitants, nearly the whole of the
roam having hen burnt doWn.. 013.Seitimlay, three Russian
efEeers, a Captain an 4' two' Lieittt>nanri, owe. ed
our army. Many of the Russian prisimers. who have
been, at their own desire, incorporated . into t or 'auks,
have ahead), recciverl decorations in t ort.equence of their
g.llant conduct in some of the late eagneements.
The last letters from Zama.c speak of a convoy of Rus-
sian prisoners, brought into the fortress by a party of Vol-
hynian insurgents.
Bottsers-HALLS, MAY 10.—Foun. O'CLOCK.—A de-
cided rise took place yesterday in the prices of stock,
owing wholly to the improvement in the French Rented,
To-day there was but little doing, funds in Verie..l we;”
heavy, and a trifle lower than yesterday. Di-count 2 pct
Cent.

Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cent
Anglo-Russian Loan
Hamburg-Russian Loan
Polish Bonds 9'2
New Russian 4 per cent. 1530 BO
Austrian Bank Shares 10.i5
Ditto Metalliques
New Austrian 4 per cent.
New• Hanoverian 5 per cent. .... .....
—Hamburg Reporter, May 10, inclusive.

LISBON PAPERS.

We received last night Lisbon Gazettes to the 4th of
May. They contain the penitential decrees of Don
Miguel, issued in obedience to the significant demands of
our Government. The dismissal of the instruments of
his tyranny, through fear of the consequences which would
have instantly followed a refusal, must have been a morsel
hard to digest. Tne following are extracts ;
" OFFICIAL—DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
" LISBON, MAY 3.—lt having been represented to me
that Philippe, Marquis da &lea e Sousa Belfort, Criminal
Judge of the quarter of the Ribeira, making a search in
the night of the 21st of March last in the house of the
English merchant Roberts, did not conform to my Royal
British
sub epriseii:evdhitc(h) thatddisirmecistshm
i afllropmrivtibleagt offiesencjeoyllh i he
ed by . Br
subjects in these kingdoms shall be strictly respected, I
in my service.

-Palace of Queluz, 30th April, 1831. Signed by his
Majesty."
" DEPARTMENT OF MARINE.
" Francisco Ignatia de Miranda Everard, Commodore
in my Royal Navy, havi,g, while he commanded the
Diana frigate in the blockade of Terceira, improperly cap-
tured the St. Helena English packet, which bad on
board, to convey to England, invalided soldiers ul the Bri-
tish army. and the mail, with dispatches for the Colonial
Office ; having, besides, acted with ‘ioh-nce to Captain
Warren mid the crew of the said packet ; and I desiring, in
consequence of these facts, to give to his Britannic Ma-
jesty a proof how disagreeable they were to me, and the
ample satisfaction which they require; and desiring, fur-
ther, to act as was done in'England towards the Captain of
the English brig of war the Vigilant, who was dismissed
from his post ; I think fit to dismiss from my service
the said Commodore.—(Signed by his Majesty).
"Palace of Queluz, 23d April, 1831."

" DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE.
" The King, our Sovereign, having, by a Resolution
of 13th April Lott, ordered that Jaidah Levi, a subj.-cc of
his Britannic Majesty, shall raij..y the privilrg,s which
justly and of right belong to him, and have been granted
by the existing laws, and in consequence of the arm.,nd
wrongfully made of him of the tribute of the Mande,
from which he is exempted by his privileges ; and his
l•sty, desiring the full and entire observance of the laws
relative to the guarantee of similar ancient privileges
granted by the Sovereign of these kingdoms, has horn
pleased to order the Board of Finance to sumtnon before
the Tribunal the officer who thus acted c.ntiary to the
law, and to reprimand him for his undue demand, that
such proceedings, contrary to the said law, may not be re-
peated in future.
" Palace of Quin, 2d May."

Lisbon, May 4.
" MOST ILLUSTRIOUS AND EXCELLEN SlR,—The
King our Sovereign orders your Excellency to dismiss
from the R0y..l service lae Verissima, Sranclard-bear.-r of
the Royal Police Guard, for having unduly ran sted, on
the 10th February last, the English subject, J.ze Maria
O'Neill, in violation of the established laws and of the
stipulat:ons of the treaties with Great Britain. God pre-
serve your Excellency.
" Palace of Queluz, 30th April, 1881. •
" Conoe de ST. LOURENCO.
" The Most Idu-trious and Excellent
Conde de BARRACENA."
An Order of the Day announces to toe cal-list.' of Lis.
hon and Belern the dismissal of the above J. ze Vertssima,
and that he is not to be a:lain employed in any manner,
utakr any pretext. —Lishort Gazette, May 4.

LISBON, APRIL 30.
I mentioned in a postscript to my I.st. that a Govern-
ment steamer hail arrived bringing a King's messenger
with dtspaiches of importance for our Consul. On the
foilnwing morning we learnt that England was no I. nger
disposed to suffer Miguel to continue insulting her fl
and subjects with impunity ; and that a naval force was at
hand to capture all vessels bearing the Portuguese flag, if
certain demands to be tna,:e by our Cmsnl %vele not
strictly complied with within a gis en time. On Tuesday
a meeting of the British residents, by notice put on
'Change the previous day, was held at the house of Alr.
llnppner, who read the despatch he had received from
Lord Palmerston, as well as one which he had addressed to
the Visconde de Santarem. The whole tenour •of these
was most gratifying. The demands made by England are
in ten articles. It is required that the vessels he restored
which were improperly taken off Terceira, with demur-
rage, &e., from the time they were t ,ken up to their de-
livery. Comperisatmn and apnlogy to Ale-srs. O'Neill,
Roberts, and Caffery, fur insults offered to them. Payment
of 20 milreia (about 41.) per day to the warehouseman
of CafErry for so many days as he remained in prison; and
corporal punishment of the men who ill-treated him.
England also demands the dismissal of the Captain of the
Diana frigate; of three ministros and corregidorcs ;
and of the famous Jose Verissinso, with a promise from
this (the Portuguese) Government th it they will never
again in any way employ him. To these demands several
others are added, as well as the publication of the whole
in the Lisbon Gazette by Wednesday next. Sixty contos
(ali,,ot 12,000/. sterling) will, I sin told, be the amount
of indemnity required. The Consul is without any dis-
cretionary power in the business ; he is to wait merely for
an affirmative or negative reply to the demands. If he
receives the latter, he will retire on board the Briton
frigate three days after. Up to 'Change hours nothing
was heard from this Government, and it is very doubtful
if they will yield. Mr. Iloppner and others are of opinion
that every required concession will be made; but there
are many who think otherwise, and I can hardly believe
that this Government will be so suddenly cured of its
obstinacy. It is generally thought, that England and
France wish to afford to the Regency of Terceira an od-
portunity to establish its authority over Portugal. This,
however, appears certain, that tranquillity must cease here,
at least for a times—that the greatest possible distress
must prevail, and that no security for pi-rs,:ne and. pro-
perty can be xpected while Don Miguel has anye f7o6orinthg,reit:
the country. Our fleet, which consists of ojio.„,
and the
frigate,, and four sloops, is erui.ing
offintinnieunit'ultions be-
Carron warner is here, ti 2
jinni sevi-ral ships of the line,
hear that a
French squadron, consisting
and 6,000 troops, may be daily. expected. the Tagus, as
three American frigates ; so that this Gu-
well as two or
vernment will bare enough to t 9 meet the difficultiQt.
.uruke:ndtt,ree." We
be-
tween the Cowin) and

by which they ire sur:ounded. If the demands oi Eng-
land should not he acceded to, I suppose that the largest
of our vessels will enter the Tagus. A brig and a corvette
are to go off Porto, and a brig to St. Übe's. This is
rather an anxious moment for foreigners here.
P.S. Nine o'clock, p.m.—Nothing further. new, ex
cept a rumour that Don Miguel has been advt,ed by hi 4
Ministry to throw himself entirely into the arms of Eng-
land,

GENERAL ELECTION.

D O.RSETSIIIRE, MIT 13.
FOURTH DAY.

The polling has not proceeded rapidly toeday, in
consequence of the numberless objections which
have been made to the reception of the votes ten-
dered on behalf of the Reform candidates,. You will
see by the subjoined statement, that Mr. Celcraft is
in a small minority upon the day's poll. This is
attributable to the impediments which some of the
special constable! haVe thrown in the say of Mr.
Calrraft's voters in their approach to the poll booths.
Ind: eci, complatntsof gross and undisguised partiality
shown by some of their number towards the sup-
porters of Mr. Bankes were made to the High
Sheriff in the course of the day, and the consequence
has been that a promise has been given that for the
future such misconduct shall he rectified. You will
not he surprised at hearing of this part'eslity when
inferm you that for the last three days a neijority of
them have been guzzling at the expense of Mr.
Bankes. I have this feet from the best authority—
the constables themselves ; for I was present a few
hours ago when a party of them applied to a gentle-
than on Mr. Calcreft's Committee for a similar exten-
sion of generosity on the part of that candidate. The
avowed groun-Is of their applic itiots were, that they
had received this liberal treetment from Mr. Bankes,
and that they thought rp have a similar compliment
from the other two candidates. When the first com-
plaint of their partiality was made to the High
Sheriff, Mr. Bankes treated it with great scorn, and
even went so far as ro call the respectable agent who
stated it " a malicious person," for daring to insi-
nuate that the constables acted from interested mo-
tives. The Lord of Corfe Cask received a retort
for his insolence, which must have been any thing
but pleasant to his aristocratical feelings.
0,1 the close of the poll, at five o'clock,
Mr RUTTER came forward to deliver to the free-
holders a political lecture. He was surprised that
some of the high-born and well-educated coadjutors
of Mr. Bankes shoul I be disinclined to hear him.—
(Outcry.) He should like to hear any of the poor
men in the county say what good they had ever re-
ceived from the exertions of Mr. Bankes?—(Cheers
and hisses ) He had told them last night that he
would not atrar•k Mr. Bankes's character as an indi-
vidual.—(Great outcry, and also exclamations of,
" Go on, don't mind the rabble on the hustings.")
He knew that the conduct of those around him was
highly improper; but the impropriety of their con-
duct reflected more disgrace upon Mr. Bankes than
it even did upon those who were guilty of it.—
(Great outcry.) " Mr. Bankes's supporters," con-
tinued Mr. Rutter, " I am obliged to you. You
'hew the state of imperfect education in which Mr.
Bankes has kept you, and you give us a fair sample
of the manner in which Mr. Bankes would support
our sentiments if he were returned as our represen-
tative to Parliament. But the mob-law and the club-
law which you wished to introduce into this peaceful
County was stopped on Friday last.—(Cheers from
the Reformers, anti outcries from their opponents.)
Get some of the high aristocracy on your side to
answer me, and do not bellow against me thus un-
reasonably.—(Outcry continued.)—l shall not per-
severe in the attempt to address you, even against
the desire of so pitiful a minority as you, the friends
of Mr. Bankes, are ; for as I knew that a small mi-
nority can in the House of Commons do great mis-
chief to the country, so I feel that a small and des-
perate minority here can create a very great noise.
—(Outcry and cheers.)—Poor creatures ! How I
pity you 1 You show that you have not been edu-
cated, or at least that you have only been educated
by Mr. Bankes.—(Cheers.)—Mr. Rutter then
turned round to Mr. Bankes's friends on the hust-
ings and said, " Why don't you meet me as men
and as gentlemen ought to meet one another ?
(A laugh.)—Why do you attempt to put me down
by men who are paid ss. a-day, not only to prevent
us from being heard, but also to prevent our voters
from coming to the poll, because they are deter-
mined
to leave you in a wretched minority.
Here a Mr. Phillips hooted Mr. Rutter very
loudly.
Mr. Rt'TTER (turning to him.)—Sir, you are no
gentleman ; if you were, instead of hooting me,
you would wait until I was done, and then get up
and answer me.

Mr. PHILLIPS—Did you say I was no gentleman ?
I thou Id like to hear you say it again.
Mr • RUTTER-I say again you are no gentleman
to behave in such a manner.

Mr. PHILLIPS—I say you are a liar, and if I were
near you I would pitch into you.—( Confusion.)
A Reformer on the hustings—" Don't use such
language as that, but answer him if you can."
" Ay," from another voice, " answer the Quaker;
it is all gammon to abuse him ; answer him like a
gentleman."
Mr. PHILLIPS—It is not my occupation.—(Loud
laughter.) I don't think addressing a crowd to be
a gentlemanly occupation.
Mr. RUTTER—I do; and so there we differ.
A voice in the crowd--" That fellow is a
butcher."—(A laugh.)
Mr. RuTTER--I am sure he is no gentleman.—
(Roars of laughter.)
Mr. PHILLIPS—If I were near you, I would make
you repent that language.—(Mr. Phillips here
hooted Mr. Rutter.)
Mr. RuTTER—I never saw a fellow with more
effrontery than you have. Your very countenance
bespeaks the vacancy of your mind.
Mr. PHILLIPS—I say it does not, and I carry a
looking-glass in my hat (for some purpose which
the confusion prevented us from ascertaining.)
Mr. RUTTER—Then when yo❑ look into it I hope
you have a pleasant prospect.—(R ,ars of laughter.)
Mr. PHILLIPS—You ought to he ashamed of your-
self, you only come here to propagate falsehoods.—
(Great outcry.)
Mr. RUTTER—These are Mr. Bankes's hired
slaves who make all this confusion. You know he
expresses his willingness to emancipate the black
slaves, but he still is anxious to retain his white
slaves.

At this stage of the proceeding, the interruption
which h:id been given to Mr. Rutter by about 30

noisy individuals, skilfully ranged in the crowd, and
by two or three gentlemen on the hustings, who
gave them signals when they were to be noisy, was
put an end to by the High Sheriff, who came for-
ward to deekre the state of the poll.

Mr. PORTMAN was aware thar his numbers on
the poll would have been much greater even than
they now were, had not many of Iva friends been
delutztrced from coming forward that day in conse-
tentie:e in the
objections made to accept votes when
, d the polling-booths, and of the severity
with which even the best votes were scrutinized
before the
tr. ca""lcr•—(Cries of " True, true.")
''„''''kkFT said, last night allusion had been
mute to certain
were said to hive taken
of disturbances which
he could assure them on place at Blandford. Now,
the peace of that town'htti:-e very best authority that
cvietenot been broken by the
friends of freedom.—(
any violation of the peace inrsii, If there had been
it had origi-
natedlose hustings
in another quarter. He stoltdtO:tttniel
as the organ of their feelings and of
Be had devoted himself to their cause, and on
hustings he should continue to stand until eoirlivrocse
that a majority of the freeholders of Dorset:4
were of a different opinion from those whom he then
saw around. " I believe," said Mr. Calcraft, that
you are—(" A rat said a voice in the crowd—
roars of laughter.) " If it is a rat, knock it on the
head. If those noisy gentlemen have indeed found
a rat, let them destroy it: and laughter.)
Here I am, and here I guilt. remain to receive your

suffrages—and I
have no onubt, q you Jo your duty,
of your success and mine.2.3—(Cheeis.)
Mr. BA:VICES then came forward, and was received
with loud outcries of " Send off your bullies, and
well hear you." After they had continued for some
time,

Mr. I3INICES theb came forward and addressed
the meeting as follows :—Gentlemen, I find myself,
bq your kind exertions to-day, placed in a situation
which enables me fairly to say, that the tide of the
election Fas turned—(Great hootings, and cries of
" No,")—and I have no doubt that, by the con-
tinuance of those strenuous exertions in this and in
other parts of the county, I shall to-morrow be
enabled to give you a more flattering account of my
station on that day's poll. It has been said by Mr.
Calcraft, that we, none of us, wish to descend to
personalities, and I hope that you will do us all the
justice of saying that our conduct towards each other,
from the commencement of the election, has been
characterised by good feeling and gentlemanly de-
portment. lam far from saying anything personal
to any man ; indeed, on the present occasion, I
am so far from proceeding► thus, that I wish to say
this—because it is a subject which has been much
talked of in different parts of the county,—that Mr.
Calcraft deserves every credit for exertions with re-
gard to the repeal of the salt tax; and it was owing
to his perseverance session after session, that the
Government at last gave way to that very reasonable
proposition of his, by which the comforts of the
poor man were more promoted than they could have
been by the repeal of any tax on any other article of
necessity.—(Cries of " that's very fair.") Allow
me also to state my humbler and inferior exertions
in the same cause, for though I did not take the
same prominent part which he did, be it known to
you all, as it is to the light Hon. Gentleman him-
self, that I also was a repealer of the salt tax. An-
other malicious report has also been propagated with
regard to the part I took in the gtte•tion of the
abolition of slavery ; and I must say, in answer to
it, that before Mr. Calcraft sat in Parliament, and
long before my worthy and Hon. colleague, Mr.
Portman, could have had a seat there, I was one of
the very first persons who co-operated with Mr.
Wilberforce and Mr. Pitt in their endeavours on this
subject.

Colonel PoNSONBY then came forward to the front
of the hustings and was received with cheers. The
freeholders from Poole had come to him in dozens
to complain of the difficulties which they met with
from the special constables as they approached the
polling-booths, and of the gross unfairness with
which they were treated within the polling-booths.
—(Cries of " Shame !") He was convinced that
Mr. Bankes did not authorize such conduct, and he
trusted that he (Mr. Bankes) would give instruc-
tions to his agents, and that the High Sheriff would
give instructions to his constables, to avoid such mis-
conduct in future.—(Cheers.)
The High Sheriff then adjourned the Court till
ten o'clock on Saturday morning.
FIFTH DAY.—SATURDAY.
The polling has this day been more active than
for some days past, and what is still more material,
more successful for the friends of Reform. At half-
past five o'clock the High Sheriff declared the poll.
Mr. PORTMAN briefly returned thanks to the free-
holders. He was happy to inform them that the
greater part of the counties of England had now re-
turned their representatives, and before long he
hoped that Dorsetshire would return her represen-
tatives.—(Cheers.)
Mr. CALCRAFT, in addressing his brother free-
holders, told them that he was now 242 votes
a-head of Mr. Bankes, and he had no doubt hut
that by a continuance of their exertion in this
sacred cause, he should at least keep that majo-
rity.—(" Depend upon it you shall.") Last night
they were told that the tide of this election was
turned.—(Cries of "It has not turned yet.") He
thought that he had a right to say that it was
turned, and turned indeed. He was sure that the
Hon. Gentleman who had made that observation
did not recollect how impossible it was to turn the
tide of public opinion against the sacred cause in
which the country WAS almost unanimously engaged.
—(Hear.) The Hon. Gentleman had surely for-
gotten, whilst he was speaking, how near he was to
the Race of Portland. He would find the tide of
public opinion as difficult to turn as the impetuous
billows which roll along the Race of Portland.—
(Cheers.) No Banks had ever been framed which
could stop the course of those billows.—(Cheers and
laughter.) He could scarcely believe that a break-
water would be safe there. He was confident that
nothing which had been, or which yet might be done
in this election, would be able to stem the tide either
of public opinion or of the Race of Portland.—
With regard to the salt tax, he was glad that Mr.
Bankes had found out the merit of the abolition of
that tax, and that he was inclined to give him (Mr.
Calcraft) some praise for having obtained the repeal
of it.—(Cheers.) Still he somehow or other
thought that Mr. Bankes had not given his consent
to the repeal of that tax until the Government had
taken up the matter itself. (" Hear that, you sly
old fox.") But, however important these points
might be in themselves, and particularly that which
regarded the abolition of slavery, he begged to re-
mind them that they were not in controversy now.—
(Cheers.) The question between Mr. Bankes and
himself, in offering themselves as candidates for the
representation of Dorsetshire was, whether Mr.
Bankes would or would not support the Reform Bill
Mr. BANKES returned them many thanks for the
support which they had already given him, and de-
clared his expectations that, if they (Twinned to
him that support, he must eventually succeed in the
present contest.—(Cheers.)
Mr. DISNEY, of the Hythe, Essex, next presented
himself. He had come from a county in the east
of England, to tell them in the west what had been
done in the opposite point of the compass, and he
was employing no figure of speech when he informed
them that the magic of Reform had operated with
a spell of power from the cast into west, and from
the north into the south.—( Cheers.) It was only
on Wednesday last that he had brought to a success-
ful conclusion at Chelmsford, the labours which the
freeholders of Essex had undertaken for the purpose
of returning two representatives to support that Bill,
which they could not live without.—(Cheers.) Let
them look at the great change in public feeling which
had brew effected by the mere introduction of it.
He well remmembered, that for a long series of years
the Reformers had been stigmatized with the names
of radicals, levellers, Jacobins, and revolutionists.
Though he was an old man, now that we had arrived
at this palmy and promising state of the question,
he must say that he had had the honour of having
been calumniated by the application of all those
terms to himself—(A laugh)—and honourable in-
deed it was to have passed through such an ordeal
to arrive at the magnificent plan of Reform which
had been offered to the country by the King on his
throne.—(Cheers.) He contended that that plan
of Reform was at once a radical and a rational
Reform.
The Court was then adjourned till Monday.

' . 14 4 SCOTLAND.
(Abridged from the Scotsman.)
COUNTY OF EDlNBURGll.—Yesterday was the
day appointed for electing a Member of Parliament
for this county, and though no opposition to the
re-election of Sir George Clerk was expected, the
anxiety of the public was such that the gallery was
e,.mpletely crowded by eleven o'clock. Number;
afterwards went away grievously disappointed and
mortified, because they could find no admittance.
The area was occupied exclusively by the clerks and
reporters.
Every necessary precaution was taken to preserve
order and decorum. A number of police-officers
were stationed in the gallery, and a strong posse of
eang.denwtlearsnernecei entered.d
constables were mustered at the door of the hall by
minutes before twelve o'clock Sir
h.fki
entered,hfetwh George
some persons in thegallery,
with slight hissing from
but he was applauded
by the freeholders.
Mr. Sheriff Duff entered the hall precisely at the

appointed hour, aad read the precept of election,
and the oath against bribery and corruption, after
which Sic George Clerk took the chair. The other
routine business being gone through, Sir George
moved that Sir John Elope be calk-cl to the chair,
and that Mr. Wilson be appointed clerk. He said
he had been obliged to Sir John Hope on many
former occas'ong, and judging from the many and
great services he had rendered the county, he wa•
sure that all would acknowledge that there were few
gentlemen better qualified to fill the chair on this
occasion than Sir Juhn Hope.
Sir JOHN HOPE then took the chair, and said he
would endeavour to discharge the important duty
that had been conferred upon him to the best of his
power.
J. LITTLE GILMOUR, E~q•, of Libberton and
Craigmiller, rose to propose Sir George Clerk as a
St and proper person to represent the county in the
ensuing Parliament. Judging from his conduct for
the twenty years he had sat in the House of Com-
mons, there could be no doubt that he was a man
who would pay particular attention to the best in-
terests of the county.—(Applause and hisses.)
GILBERT INN s, Esq , of Stow, seconded the no-
mination.

Sir JOAN DALRYMPLE could and did most cor-
dially agree with his Hon. Friend (Mr. Innes), that
Sir George Clerk was, in private life, a mo.t gen-
tlemanlike and amiable man, and as a man of talent
and accomplishes' gentleman he valued him, and en-
joyed his society; it was with regret, therefore, that
' he declared that he attended the present election
not to vote for his Hon. Friend, but, on the con.
trary, for the express purpose of stating his objec-
tions to his re-election. He might have absented
himself and abstained from fruitlessly, it might be
said, opposing his neigbour; but the Hon. Baro-
net's vote in support of General Gascoyne's amend-
ment rendered that impossible. Sir John proceeded
with much eloquence to advocate the cause of Re-
form, and concluded by begging to correct a para-
graph in a newspaper, purporting to form part of
his lion. Friend Sir D Baird's speech at the elec-
tion of the county of Haddington. Sir D. Baird
never said that he was authorized to convey the
Lord Advocate's sentiments, nor that the franchise
was to be from 101. to 201., and he (Sir Joha)
heard the Lord Advocate say at the Perth meeting,
that he did not even know what the nature of the
Bill might ultimately be; so could not and did not
express himself as it was stated he had done at the
election for the city of Edinburgh.
Able speeches followed from Mr. Millar, of Cri-
gusturney, and Mr. Warlaw Ramsey, in support of
the Parliamentary conduct of Sir George Clerk.
Sir G. CLERK rose, and entered into an elaborate
defence of his Parliamentary conduct, and justtfica-
lion of his opposition to the Ministerial Bill, and in
the course of his speech observed, that if it was
true, as it had been said by the Lord Advocate, at
the election of a Member for the city on Tuesday
last, that the qualification might be raised from 10/.
to 50/. if this had been true, it would have gone far
to obviate many of the objections that might have
been brought against the Bill : and even if it was
true, as stated by Sir David Baird at the election at
Haddington, that the qualification might be raised
above 10/,but it would certainly be kept under 20/.,
the Bill would, in his opinion have been less objec-
tionable.

Mr. DUNDAS, of Arniston, moved the thanks of
le meeting to Sir John Hope, for his conduct in
ie chair, which was carried with acclamation.

Sir JOHN returned thanks, and the gentlemen re.
fired.

WIGTONSIIIRE.—The Hon. Moritgomerie Stewart
has declined the contest for Wigtonshire, in favour
of Sir Andrew Agnew, the late Member.
DUMFRIES BURGHS.—General Sharp, it is said,
has ecurt d his return for the Dumfries district of
burghs, in favour of the Reform Bill, in oppositii,n
to Mr. Keith Douglas, the late Member.
TORPRICTIEN, MAY 7.—Mr. Gillon,of Wallhouse,
having succeeded in securing the votes of the Town
Councils of Linlithgow, Peebles, and Lanark, his
election may be considered a., secured. We have
much pleasure in mentioning (as it shows the en-
thusiasm which pervades almost all classes in favour
of the noble struggle now making for Reform) that
the little village of Torphichen, near which Mr.
Gdlon's elegant mansion of Wallhouse is situated,
was, on the evening of Friday last, handsomely
illuminated.

DUNFERMLINE.—Thursday being the day ap-
pointed for choosing a delegate to represent this burgh
in the ensuing election at Stirling, the returning burgh,
the Town Council met and unanimously made choice
of G. Meldrum, Esq., the Provost, to be their de-
legate, in the interest of J. Johnstone, Esq., the
Provost, their late representative. Invi-rkeithing,
Cuirass, and Stirling, having also elected delegates
in favour of Mr. Johnstone, makes that gentleman's
return unanimous, with the exception of South
Queensferry, which, by a majority, has publicly
declared against him, for the very reason which has
secured his return,—viz., his honest and indepen-
dent conduct : but it is gratifying to think that if
the choice for that burgh had been in the hands of
the inhabitants, his election would have been una-
nimous there also.
