LISBON PAPERS.

LISBON, FEB. 20.—Don Luiz Fernandes de Cordova having
left Lisbon on the 10th of February, arrived on the 14th at
Bruges. His Majesty sent his aide-de-camp, the Conde do
Cartaxo, to receive him some leagues from the city, and on
the 10th he had the honour of an audience of his Majesty,
to whom he delivered his credentials as Envoy Extraordinary
And Minister Plenipotentiary from his Catholic Majesty.
FED. 23.—The Gazette contains an official notice that Briga-
iliir-General Raymund° Jose Pinheiro, Governor of Fort St.
Juli n is dismissed because that fort and others depending on
it had, without just cause, fired on the French brigs of war,
the Cuirassier and Menagere.
FEB. 25.—The Government has received intelligence to.day
from the city of Braga, announcing that on the 22d his Ma.
jesty and the Infantas continued to enjoy good health.—Lisbon
Gazette, Feb. 26.
The Lisbon Gazettes from the 16th to the 26th of February,
both inclusive, do not contain any official notice whatever rela.
tive to the operations before Oporto.
VILLA NOVA DE GALA, Fan S.—Six Gallegos have
escal•ed from the convent of Serra on account of the want of
provisions and the bad treatment they experienced from the
rebels A person worthy of credit, who lately found means to
jeave Oporto, affirms that there had been no m, at in the shops
Or Our days, the little that there was being for Don Pedro and
several pet sons of consequence, so that even the foreign troops
had none, at which they were greatly discontented. There was
a sickness in the city, to which many persons had fallen Vie-
thus ; among others, two famous rebels, merchants of the de-
ati.lers, who came with Don Pedro.
li4j.LONGO, FEB, S.—Foreign and Portuguese soldiers
continue to quit the service of the rebels, and the dis-
trust of the foreign troops at Oporto was such that
they were removed from the Foz, and Portuguese
put in their place. Solignac's credit had much declined
since the action of the 24th ult., the troops were in a state
of great insubordination, and some great disorder among
them was expected. Another letter from Vida Nova de
Gala, of the 10th, says, that the sickness in Oporto arises from
the great scarcity of provisions and from the cold.
A letter from Cruz das Regateiras, of the 12th Feb., says,
that the rebels are more and more closely confined within the
city by.the closing of the Douro, and by the main approach of
the King's troops. The inhabitants are said to be in a state
of oppression and misery, to which it would be difficult to find
a parallel in the history of other cities, not fortresses. The ex-
actions to which the citizens are subject are immense. The rebel
Government has now imposed on them a contribution of a
million of cruzados, which it has not ventured to announce in
the journals, but persons are sent from house to house to re-
quire from the owners the sums at which they are respectively
taxed.

-- -
LISBON, FEB. 24.--On the 15th, 17th, and 18th inst.
horses, &c., were sent from Coimbra to Vallongo with ammuni.
Lion, clothing, and stores for the troops.
VILLA-NOVA DE GAIA, Fcß. 15.—Don Pedro has left
Oporto for La For, probably to withdraw from the sight of the
horrors which he sees approaching to Oporto, and to avoid the
disorder which prevails there.
VILLA.NOVA DE GAIA, FEB. 17.—The manufactory
in which the battalion of the rebels, No. 3, was quartered has
been burnt in consequence of the well-directed fire of one of
PUT new batteries which was opened only a few days before. It

stems that the whole quarter fell a prey to the flames, or that
the rebels could not save a battery which they had there.

BOROUGH OF MARYLEBONE.

Yorkshire Stingo Tavern, March 8, 1833.
At a numerous meeting of the electors of the borough of
Mars lebone—
Capt tin GOWAN in the Chair,
After hearing the sentiment• and observations of a great
number of the distinguist ed inhabitants of the borough,
It was moved by RUSSELL ELLICE, E.q., and seconded
by Sir ALEXA N DER JOHNSTON, and carried by ac-
clamati.in,
" That this meeting having beard the Hon. Charles
Murray's statement of his political sentiments, will sup-
port him for the vacancy caused in the representation of
the borough by the resignation of Nlr. Portman."

TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE
BOROUGH OF MARYLEBONE.

GENTLEMEN,—As the writ moved for this borough
last night, the Bth inst., has announced Mr. Portman's
intention of resiening, in consequence of ill health, the
high and important trust of representing you in Parlia-
ment, I take this early opportunity of offering myself to
your notice, as a Candidate fur that distinguished situa-
tion, and ot expressing at the same time my sincere re
fret at the circumstances that render his withdrawal
inevitable, and for the present deprive you and the country
ot his valuable services.

I beg to assure you that it is not from any feeling of
idle vanity or presumption, nor from any insensibili.y to
the honourable, yet heavy req. onsibilty I incur, that I am
induced to come forward on this occasion, but from a con•
sciousness that I can boldly and consistently, with
every former word and action of my life, avow and
support those principles which you lately maint .int cl
sa triumphantly in the elecit,n of Mr. Portman. To
those principles you are, I trust, indissolubly bound : BY
supporting them you obtained the great modern char.er or
free representation; and by supporting them with eons stency
you may reasonah'y expect the attainment of those i.oluieal
anti municipal privilees to which on are justly entitled. If,
therefore. you find m- firm and explicit in the avowal and
support of such sentio,ents, I have every re do,n to hope
that the acchlental objections (that will be raised t y some )
of my inexperience in business, or of my being hitherto
unknown to you, will n,t be allowed to prejudice me in
your good opinion.

Toe first object of good government must be to relieve
the distress, and lighten the burd.-ns, that now Ines.; so
heavily and not qually on the op-trative and italu,trious
classes of the community, and ;le first mt•ans to be rut-
p•uyed is to set the examph-, y t e reduction of all u.eless
expend 'tut e, sinecur. s and unmerited demands ?Ton time
public money; and thus rendering the Government as
cheap as is consi.tent with the maintaining effectually
peace and order at home, and the honour of the country
abroad.

I am an advoc tie for the repeal of the present unequal
and oppressive House and Window Tux a. as well as for
a revision of the existing plan of taxation, with a
view to the adoption of a system pressing less heavily
upon the operative and productive classes. 1 should also
advocate and support, as another efficient source of relief
to the country, the removal of all those impolitic restric-
tions on trade, as well as of all those monopolies in com-
merce that fetter and impede energy, industry, and en-
terprise.
Connected with this suljeat I am also an advocate for a
revision of the present system of the Corn Laws, and for
the adoption of such a fixed duty as would supply the con-
sumer with corn at the cheapest possible rate, consistent
with a fair ternuneration to the agriculturist ; and
I am moreover of opinion that there cannot be
a more mischievous error than that which is but
too frequently propagated, that • the manufacturing
and agricultural interests are opposite; whereas, in truth,'
they are permanently identified with each other, both
being inseparably connected with the general welfare of
the country.

With regard to the moral condition of the poorer classes,
I should most strongly advocate the adoption of some Le-
gislative pl,n for the education of the infant, and the dif-
fusion of useful knowledge among the adult population,
by which means, I conceive, much of the mischief
arising from inflammatory speeches and licentious pub-
lications, would be obviated. I ant also an advocate for
the commutation of tithes and the reduction of Church
Plum Heirs, as well as for a more consistent and equable
!enumeration of the Liming of the clergy in genera!, neing
most anxious that the Church should be free from all those
abuses that render the collection and distribution of its
revenues liable to public animadversion, and which
bring its Ministers into disagreeable collision with agri-
cultural and parochial interests. Ott the surject of negro
slavery, 1 have no hesitation in saying that I consider it,
abstractedly viewed, abhorent to all good princ ple,
whether political, moral, or religious. It is a cruel and
oppressive iejustice, that no sophistry can defend,
no circumstances can palliate—and whether viewed
in the light of slavery of body, or degradation
of mind is equally odious and indefensible. I would not,
then fore, delay a measure of emancipation a day beyond
what is necessary for the prat ction of life and prolo-rty,
and I.r placing the slave himself under the guardianship
and control of saluta.y and ffective
This, Gentlemen, is a shott outline of the principles
on which I cotne forward, and upon your approval of them
I boldly rest my cause, and if you azain render them
niumpliant, by placing me in the distinguished situation
to whim} I aspire, you may depend upon toy dedicattn!
all toy time and all my facult,es to your interests, and
chi se of the country. Upon my punctual attention to
my patliamentary and luciil duties, and to my advocat-
ing, unsw led by any patty.spitit, tho-e sound princi-
ples which have been instilled into me in my childhood,
have grown up with my youth, and have enotoldened me
to present myself to you! notice upon this occasion. So
confident ant I of their soundness, and of their invaluable
importance to the welfare of the people, that DO COlifiitier:l,
tion, except a decided expression of your own wishes to
that effect, shall now induce me to withdraw frotn the
canvass upon which I have entered, being determined to
prove to the world how the well-grounded principle and
honourable c nsistency of political character in the consti
tuency of this important borough, can induce and enable
them to return to 13 ali.ticeot a represen ative chosen upon
these high and public grounds alone.

I am, G• ntiemen,
Your most ofiedient humble servant,
CHARLES AUGUSTUS MURRAY.
London. 9th March, 1833.
P.S In the brie! apace of a written address it im-
possible to etryrice every topic of ',unlit, interest and
im-
p. ; in the interval occurring between this date ants
the day of election, I sisal theielote sake every oppor-
tunity of meeting the electors, and explaining my views
upon those points which may lie now oucittel.

THE FUN' ,S.-(11-11,S DAY.)

CITY. T►~b'LVE O'CLOCK

We have no arrivals this morning, with the exception of the
Lisbon mail, by his Majesty's schooner Pike—sailed on the 27th
February, and called off Oporto on the following day, com-
municating with his Majesty's ship Druid, off the Bar, but had
no communication with the shore, owing to the prevailing bad
weather. The news brought from Oporto is not of
much interest, but it appears that Don Pedro's army is in want
of provisions. Ships with supplies both of men and stores are
waiting for fair weather to disembark. Np,sortie or action had
taken place. Marshal Solignac was waiting for reinforcements
before he commenced his offensive operations. The Miguelites
were still thrOwing shells into Oporto, and doing some mischief
to various parts of the town, as well a. erecting new batteries.
Consols, which left off rather heavy yesterday at SS
opened this morning at SS sellers, with little doing as yet.
The cause of their decline is not yet ascertained, but it is sup-
posed that certain persons may have had some hint, in respect
to the approaching Budget.

HALF PAST ONE.

Private letters from Oporto are very scarce in the City, and
do not communicate any more news than what has been
already published.
Consols have been, during the whole of the morning, at
68 yi for the Account, with little or nothing doing.
The Foreign Market is in the same state as that of the
British ; prices much the same as yesterday.
THREE O'CLOCK

Consols for Account, 88i I.
CLOSING PRICES.—FOUR O'CLOCK.

Censols
88 -
DittoforAccount St-;:ii
Brazilian Bonds 62-;

Danish
Greek
Mexican ...

Buenos Ayres...
Chilian Ditto....
Columbian 1524 16

...,....
1043-1
Suauisb

It will be seen by an Address in this day's
that Mr. CIIARLES AUGUSTUS MURRAY, second son
ti the Earl of DUNMORE, and nephew to the late Lord
ARCHIBALD HAMILTON, ha.; started fur the representa-
tion of the borough of Marylebune.

In consequence of the resignation by Mr.
PORTMAN of the represent ition of Marylebone, Mr. G. A.
Yourio, of.Porthinil-ptace, has announced himself as a
c,,n,iidate, and is expected to receive very general support.
The nomination will take place on Mond ,y, the 18th in-
etant, andthe election commence on the Thuraday following.

NEW EDITION.
T is day were publishrd, in 3 vole. post Bvo.,
RECOLLECTIONS of a CHAPERON.
Rifted by Lady DACRE.

Richard Bmitley, New Burlington-street.
(Successor to Henry Col..urn.)

Agents for Scott ,nd, Messrs. Bell and St adfutP, Edinburgh;
for lreland, Mr. John Cumming, Dublin.
received by every respectable Bookseller in the
United Kingdom.
