FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France, dated Sept. 21.)

. _
PARIS, SEPT. 20.--The Austrian Observer of the
lith contains news from Constantinople, dated 25th
August. As it is, for the most part, only a repeti-
tion of what we gave yesterday, we merely extract

the following detils :
The Grand Vizier, who set out on the 20th fn
Adrianople, takes with him about 8,000 or 9,000
men, but this force will be increased by all the con-
tingents, which will join him on the road to Shumla,
whither he has orders to proceed after his arrival at
Adrianople. The Sultan is- resolved to put himself
at the head of his army, if necessary. Every thing
has been prepared for this purpose, both in and out
of the Seraglio, but the moment of his departure will
depend upon events.
Though the preparations for defence are carrying
on by several tho►isand worknii.n out of the capital,
the same activity is exerted to terminate the import-
ant and costly erections of two barracks at Scutari
and Tschengelkoi, of a palace for the Sultan at Beg-
lerbei,.and of a marine barrack on the island of Hall L
A new indication, says the Observer, of the spirit
that prevails at Constantinople since the military re-
forms in 1826, is the adoption by the Ottoman Go-
vernment of the principles which have long since
been received among Christian nations for the treat- I
ment of prisoners of war. On the representation of
the Austrian leternuncio in favour of the Russian
prisoners confined in the Bagnio, they were sent, on
the 18th, on board several vessels to the Island of
Halki, ►vhere they were placed in a Greek Convent.
The Reis Effendi afterwards acquainted M. d'Otten-
fels that it 'was the express will of the Sultan that the
prisoners should be treated with mildness, that bet-
ter food should be given them, and permission to
take exercise in the open air; and that they should
be left at liberty to perform the duties of their re-
ligion. Argiropoulo, formerly Dragoman of the
Porte, and Hephanaki Vogorides, late Caimakan of
Moldavia, have been recalled from their banishment
at Broussda. The first has at present no employ-
ment; but the second, at his own request, will follow
the Grand Vizier to the army.

(From the Constitutionnel.)
EMBARRASSMENTS OF RUSSIA.

PARIS, SEPT. 20.—Europe saw the Russians sur-
mount the obstacles opposed to their passage of the
Pruth and the Danube with great courage and skill.
These successes appear to have inspired the Rus-
sians with a dangerous confidence. Varna, which
flatters the Ottoman pride, is reminding the Turks
of the victory of Amurath over Ladislaus, King of
Hungary ; Aquila, which the first time opposed an
invincible resistance to Russian valatir, seems to
hard been invested with too small aCOrps to ensure
success. If reinforcements do not speedily come, or
should not be sufficient when they have arrived,
whatever may be the results of retreating behind the
Danube, Russia will be wise enough to return

thither. On that line the Turkish frontier is studded
with fortresses. It seems that the Rus,ians at first,
in order not to waste time, thought of masking these
places by detachments; the force of the. Turkish
garrisons did not permit them to follow this plan;
the vigorous sorties made by the garrisons of Varna,
Silistria, Giurgewo, and the success of the Paella of
Widdin, have slwwn the disadvantages and dangers
•
which might ensue.
The campaign began late ; the earth, soaked with
rain, rendered marching difficult—the carriage of the
provision and ammunition was slow. To get over
the diffieultles • they must first reach the plains of
Romelia, and it was necessary to get there. Meal
mixed with water and boiled h the food of the
patient and sober Russian soldier. • A bag holds
mealffir 15 days, but when the army separates from
its magazines this resource is soon exhausted. The
Turks have shown themselves in this campaign what

they have lieen, since the weakness and tile—incapa-
city of the Sultans have reduced them to a defensive
warfare, very formidable behind a wallor any species
of rampart, however defective. Other interests, not
less pressing than those of the Turkish war, admo-
nish Russia to withdraw her forces to a line not so
distant from her southern dominions. In Austria, a
Military movement in general, xvithont having con-
tracted openly an alliance with Turkey, has an old
connection with it, and may enter into new views
not favourable for Russia. The Poles consider every
thing as transitory, which has not for its basis their
independence. This thought is the last hope of those
who are subjected ro a foreign yoke, and for 360 years
such a thought united the Greeks of the islands to
those of the Continent. Three centuries and a
half of severe slavery have not broken this inde-
structible bond. At the sight of the Austrian
guns drawn up in the public squares, at the watch-
word of the barbarous centiuels, placed 20 paces
from each other, in the streets of Milan and
Venice, the Venetians and Lombards bow their
beads, and pass on, bat at the bottom of every Ita-
lian heart these words of one of their poets remain

and ferment. "Schiari skim si, ma saiavi ognor
frementi." (Yes, we are slaves, but slaves always
chafing). The slavery of the Poles is not more re.
cent than that of the Italians, and the love of inde-
pendence is perhaps more lively on the banks of the
Vistula than on those of the Adige. When Europe
fights-for the restoration of Greece, what Sarmatian
does not form generous wishes for the restoration
of the country of Lesko Boleslaus, Casimir, and So-
bieski. Princess Eliza Radzevill, who has married
Prince William, the son of Frederick William 111.,
is of the lace of the Jagellons. The pride and pre-
tension of the House of Sergame, and national anti-
pathies remove to an uncertain and indefinite dis-
tance the period when Prussia may become an Ally
of Austria. But a common interest may unite them
to repair what was not only a crime, but an injury
and a fault. Poland was the advanced guard of Eu-
rope on.the side of Russia and Turkey. Ambition
blinded the two Powers which had most interest in
so preserving it. How is it that Austria and Prus-
sia, row become equitable and prudent because they
are threatetieJ, do not unite to repair the evil ?
The Polish army, forty thousand strong, has yet
many veterans in its ranks, their young comrades
are filled with ardour; by the Polish Constitution,,
they cannot he etriployietl abroad, and the charaete
of Constantine is Pule calculated to malts slavery
' agreeable. If the policy of Germany should do that
for Poland wiiiid; Russia has done for Greece, the
results would .be similar, 4nd flussia is not ignorant
of this. - To make war, much money and provisions
I as well as large armies, who do not live on air, are
necessary. In Countries easy of access, and well cul-
tivated, invasions may i)p raised, arid one or two vic-
tories decide the question ; but it and
not so in poor
countries, such as that where Russia is now operat-
ing. If she stops site-malt retreat before the season
prevents her troops from -communicating I,vith their
magazines; and if she prepares for another campaign,
to ensure her political system and form new alliances,
winter will see these alliances' formed. Some of
them are now contracted. France seems derided tp
avoid any engagement. Her army acquires daily a
no, pre i and in the' balance, in which is weighed
the destlr.i" of pe:ope22oo,ooo French might decide
its fate, if they were tnrowb 1!.! 4 4
IIEugaNcIADT, MOT)fr time.
, P 't r,'
Sri'''. 2.—k Extract ot a 1-lriviite
—There is a report that a Russian corpS"
Lette,.)
will l;,, sent to ~i„--n7'ia, io. order to excite a general
insurrection, establishing. tlie
summoning —centre at Nissa, and
al; the Christians to arms. . Aiiip,„ll,
said to be a cr,eali4g
of Austria, will then be forced
1 to decide,
and with ny Ivithm;t him,. in 1,,l
barrieralo_would
be
.t and
be established between I%o3rea and
Wallachia, which would guarantee them against the
barbarians. Bosnia coniin;;es. to be a prey to dis-
sensions, At Seraglio a Divan has
a nstl hoas
_seenit.
which has re-established the Janksariesl
1,000 Greeks to work at the fortification
August
27, grade mid Orsowa. They were sent, "
probable
27, on their inplaoeholy journey, and it i'
also,
have one of them will ever retiim home. CO I le, a''"i
have been sent towards Shumla, b%t
ill
Ij/eY ''l
hardly reach it. This places it.ach with w
es, .:, clonp,
tbout 6,850 dta7L'.itry. The town, flail Led., by a
ditch, in which -the -Sera remain=, occupies
