'mutt), have proceeded by Bambeig to .tbe ileighbour.
hood fif Wurtzburgb.

AUSTRIAN PROCLAMATION.
" Inhabitants of
Bayreuth,—lour
tion and attachment to good ord, warm'
youra great zeal
-for .the independence, the honour, and .deliyerance
of Germany; and your ardent wislunsee your fetters
broken; and your former happy conditiOn restored,
are already well 'known. You are Germans; not
only in name„ ntit a\so in
.your sentiments and ac-
tions. You are in every respe& worthy to be so,
and to bear that name which so many of yotir b4e-
thren- have ditraced. By yoUr privations; you -prdve
that German feeling, German perseverance, and
German courage; have not been eitinguiihed7:—that
Germany can still boast of its gallant song; and ha's
no reason to fear that the rnonuMents Of .lts giory
ihriuld remain only an empty mote.
" Neither bribes, nor the numerous lies pr.-
posely invented; nor threats, hive been able to shake
your fidelity to ',Our country, or to render you for-
getful of your duties. Foreign chainS have oot
been Made for you ; you disdain to wear the fetters
of slavery,. and will 'never subniii to the •yoke of
y Fiance.; you will gallantly and assiduously resists as
hitherto, all her deceitful promises • yOu Will spew
i that you can preserve your' indepetXlence, and with
that unshaken fortitude which constituted, in for-
Mer times, a -leading feature in the German char
racier.

'. His Majesty the Emperor, and my masters
considering only as great what 'is conformable to
the principles of justice, duty; and' truth,
and convinced also. that such are your senticilents.,
noble inhabitants of Bayreuth, takes ,the warmest
interest, in your fate, and esteems you in evety're=
spe& worthy of his utmost -protetaion, and,tq fuf-
nish you with the means of per6evering.in your gld-
rious undertakings, to frustt'ate by your #'rtunes3 and
courage all attempts to itnp(vse,upon you the chains
of slaVery, and -to re-establish your former happy
condition and circumstances; so worthy of you, I
enter the territory of Bayreuth, by, the high com-
mand' of his Imperial Highness the ..Archduke
Charles, with division of the army under iny
command. •

My troops shall observe the strielest discipline.
The existing authorities shall continue in force,
under proper regulations, forward and prate& the
usual` intercourse of business. For the of
persons, as well as the -property, the greatest .pre-
caution shall be taken. To every reasonable.c,om*
plaint I shalt be ready to listed. Not as an enemy,
but ac a friend and protector, I enter your territories.
Inhabitants, of Bayreuth ! persevere ni your
laudable and honourable sentiments, adhere. to the
just cause of my August Master, and' rely upon it,
that every exertion will be made to restore 'you to
your former happy circumstances; you fight tor
your own welfare, and for the liberty and indepen-
dence of Germany, for the repose of _Europe, for
the interests of mankind, and be asured that by
these means you will cover yourselves with 'glory,
•
you will ren6.:r your names illustrious, and transmit
--then; with honour to posterity. Never was a more
just or sacred war waged than that in which the'Em-
' peror my master has been obliged to engage. -Al-
ready has- the phantom of 'Napoleon's invincibility
vanished.
" On the ever memorable days of the Ist and
22d of May, he who thought himself invincible,
and. who 'even a few days before had a great. sti..
periority over the Austrian army, and had met with
no serious opposition from it, from this very army
under the gallant command of his Imperial High-
ness the Archduke Charles, the Generalissimo, has
experienCed a most bloody and complete-deteat.-,=
May trod prote& your just rights. With the great,
est confidence, Inhabitants of Bayreuth, you may
look forward to the most desiraNe issue of the pre,
sent struggle."
. .
•.. ileact7quarteis,:Thier,sheim, lune zo, 1809." ,
