13}1USSELS AND GERMAN
,PAPERS,

BRUSSELS, APRIL 2.—Three battalions of the 24
Regiment of the Line arrived here yesterday from
Ghent : they will immediately go to Louvain, where
they are to be in garrison.
GHENT, APRIL 141.--( From a letter. )---General
Daine is expected here to-day ;he comes to command
the third division, the head-quarters of which will be
at Alost, and he will have under him Brigadier-Ge-
nerals Clump and Langamann. The first will have
his head-quarters at Ghent, the second at Bruges.
General Magnan, who arrived here the day before yes-
terday, is gone to Brussels. He will have his head-
quarters at Diest, and command a brigade forming the
vanguard, composed of four regiments of the line, the
two regiments of chasseurs on foot, a battery of artil-
lery, and two squadrons of light cavalry.
The four battalions of the II th Regiment of the
Line are to arrive at Namur on the 3d, 4th, sth, and
6th of April, and on the 7th, the sth and 6th squadrons
of Lancers.
We learn that eleven Belgian subalterns and pri-
vates who went to Portugal, have returned from that
country on account of wounds or diseases. Don Pe.-
dro's government has paid the expenses of their voy-
age, and given each of them eighteen months' pay as
a provision till a final determination is made respecting
their pensions.
The Emancipation contains the following article :
—" Our correspondence from Paris contains the fol-
lowing :—‘ We have just received a private letter
from London) clated March 29, written by a
foreign diploniatist. It contains facts of the highest
importanc:,e."

•Prue.;siatind Austria have drawn up in concert a note
whlressed to the Cabinets of London and Paris, in
which the two Courts protest against the project of the
Spanish Government, to send an auxiliary army into
Portugal, to assist Don Pedro in expelling his bro-
ther, and declaring that if Queen Christina persists
in her project, an Austrian and a Prussian army shall
immediately enter into Switzerland.
This protest has caused a great bustle at the Foreign
Office ; and for this week past Prince Talleyrand has
had daily conferences with Lord Palmerston. It seems
that the two state.;imen have resolved to send imme-
diately a co'.:rier to Madrid to hinder the projected in-
terventio:i till the negotiations of France and England
shall permit the project to bearesumed.
Prince Talleyrand was really on the point of return-
ing to the Continent, but he seems now to have given
up the journey. If it should take place, it will not be
before the month of August.

BELGIAN FUNDS.—Baussats, APRIL I.
Actual Debt, 21,,i per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent 97;
Loan of the City, 1832, 4 per Cent. 941

—Brussels Papers, April 3.

BREMEN, MARCH2I.—By a resolution of the senate
and citizens, the interest of our public debt, which
amounts to about three millions of rix-dollars, has
been reduced from 4 to 2-.1- per cent. The time allowed
for those who were not satisfied with
.this change, to
signify their dissent, and to receive their money at par,
is expired ; only about 127,000 rix-dollars are with-
drawn. It was expected that the sum would have
been much greater, and provision was made accord-
ingly. This financial operation could not have been
undertaken at a more favourable time, for money has
• been for a long time so abundant, that the discount on
bills is not above 2 per cent. per annum. (In North
America the discount has been, for several months
past, 2 per cent. per month, and even more.) Since
the reduction of the interest, the public funds of the
City of Bremen have been readily purchased at
101 per cent., and many persons will not even
sell at that price. The finances of our republic
are sensibly improving. According to the estimates
of 1833, there was an expected deficit of 35,000 dol-
lars, whereas at the end of the year there is found to be
a net overplus of nearly 35,000 dollars. Our trade
has been dull since the beginning of the year. The
Prussian tariff affects us in many ways, especially in
our trade for the sugar refineries and manufactories of
tobacco, so that a great number of workmen have been
discharged, and several manufacturers have left us.
On the other hand, our city is animated in another and
afflicting manner by the arrival from all parts of Ger-
many of thousands of industrious men in good circum-
stances, who came to embark in the ships waiting for
them, to go and try their fortunes in North America.
—Frankfort Papers, March 29.
BERLIN, MARCH 24.—1 n all the negotiations in
which the French Government is engaged there is an
essential point to be considered ; it is the want of con-
sistency in that Government, and the struggles of par-
ties, which exercise the greatest influence over affairs,
but most particularly over the foreign relations of
France. In our opinion, the Doctrinaires are the
only persons with whom it will be possible to come to
an understanding. If the new elections should ex-
pel them from the Ministry, we do not see on
what grounds negotiations with foreign countries
could in future be grounded. It must not, however,
be forgotten that the influence and power of the Doc-
trinaires abroad as well as at home is extremely
limited. The party which comes immediately after
them, and who constantly excites them against foreign
countries, is that of the Imperialists, men equally power-
ful by their knowledge of public affairs, and by their
influence in the public offices, which is still further in-
creased by the support of the tiers parti. Almost all
the King's military supporters belong to this party.
Baron Fain, the Duke de Bassana, who wishes to be
Minister for Foreign Affairs, &c. &c. This party,
which is not precisely that of the Mouvement, seeks to
consolidate the throne of July at the expense of foreign
countries. The King is himself probably of this opi-
nion, and optimism rages so strong at the Palace of
the Tuileries that the cabinet would be strangely de-
ceived if they were not convinced that, placed between
the alternative of his own preservation and that of war,
Louis Philip would decide for the latter. The King
of the French will shrink as long as possible from a
Ministry purely Imperialist, but sooner or later two
cases will present themselves, either a revolution will
bury the throne of July under the wreck it will give
rise to, or a change of system be effected in the Cabinet
against the will of the King,• to the profit of the Im-
perialists."—Allgemeine Zeituny, March 30.
MUNICH, MARCH 26.—Independently of the note
recently mentioned, the Bavarian Government has ad-
dressed another to the Swiss Confederation, conceived
in much more energetic terms. The garrisons of
Augsburg and.Dillingen have received orders to be
ready to march, and that of Laudan has been consider-
ably reinforced. Our Government has also taken, in
concert with those of. Wirtemberg and Baden, every
means calculated to insure tranquillity under any cir-
cumstances.—Suabian Mercury.

OTTER HUNT.—After four hours' chase,
on Tuesday last, an otter was caught by Messrs. Har-
ringtons, with their harriers, near Clifton Grove.
Louis' PHILIP AND HIS SAVINGS
BANKS.—Some members of the Juste Milieu assign a
singular reason as an explanation of the motives
which induced the Cabinet of the Palais Royal to de-
mand of their devoted adherents the vote of twenty-
five millions as a liberal compensation to the United
states It ;is, they say, because the American go-
vernment has threatened to seize the considerable sums
of money which Louis Philip has placed in the bank
of the United States as a guarantee for the due pay-
ment of the claims.
THE EARLY DAYS OF EDMUND KEAN.
—Kean had the weakness common to the members
of his precarious profession ; the writer of this article
has often heard him declare that he was born on St.
Patrick's day (i. e. 17th of March), 1787. Yet lat-
terly he as positively affirmed that his birth took place
in November, 1790 ! His parentage was also continu-
ally questioned by himself; and he frequently, to many
persons, who were not particularly in his confidence,
affirmed his belief to be that Mrs. Carey was not his
mother, but that he owed his existence to a lady, who,
through life, assumed the title of his aunt ; that lady
was, nearly sixty years since, under the protection of
the Duke of Norfolk, and was introduced by him to
' Garrick, who gave her an introduction to the
then managers of Drury, where she appeared soon
after the death of the British Roscius. Mr. Roach, an

old theatrical bookseller, who lived many years in the
court running from Brydges-street to Drury-lane, often
• spoke of Kean's acting Richard in his (Roach's) gar-
, ret with a Scotch lassie for his Lady Anne ; her patois
was a terrible Frievance to little Kean, who was teach-
ing her English, and mimicking her Scotch, from
morning till night. In requital for his initiating her
into the mysteries of the vulgar tongue, he made her
teach him the dialect of Sir Pertinax Macsycophant
_, part tootlfchr.e appeared for a few nights at
Drury tic** ; • ~. : . his career ; I think it was
„vnsiier,ed ale it f : ~‘,,,gy is best friends. Accord-
tfigioDir, Roth,-10,--,lteiNti . this and various other
ch4iriers. tylienfa, , : , i \ ii* - ( Roach's) loft or gar-
retPicait the test ; .f x. !, when, at the utmost,
Kerolic....tifit# :i. 1 his 13th year.—New
M ..,-W
-.I ' r 'Bl/'4,
- atiois-2 -
4 Am

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 5, 1834.

We should be very glad to have it in our
power to confirm the statement communicated
to us yesterday by a City correspondent relative
to the appointment of a successor to the Duc
de BROGLIE. We apprehend that some dif-
ficulties have arisen, perhaps not foreseen either
by Louis PHILIP or the Chamber. How-
ever this may be, there is no qfficial confirma-
tion of the fact.

By the resignation of the Duc de BROGLIE
the French have lost a man of honour, whom
they will find it difficult to replace ; and the
Foreign Powers, friendly to France, have lost a
Minister- who had the sincerity and firmness of
CASIMIR PERIER, without his occasional
bursts of temper and fits of obstinacy. We
have no doubt of the King of the FRENCH
being disposed to maintain the present friendly
relations between France and England ; but it
is with his Minister and not with himself that
Foreign Powers must negotiate, and on his
choice of a Minister will depend the confidence
reposed in his Government. Choose whom he
may, let him take care that it is not a creature
of the Autocrat.

French Papers of Thursday say that
the Spanish Government, as we mentioned
yesterday, have finally resolved to interfere in
Portugal. S A nmENTo, the young Queen's
(Donna MARIA) envoy has presented his
credentials, and.lo,ooo men have by this time
entered Portugal, forming two divisions, one
commanded by MORILLo and the other by
RODIL. They will march upon Oporto and
Villa Real, and proceed on to Santarem to join
the Pedroites. The French and English Am-
bassadors concur with the Spanish Government
in everything respecting the entry of these

troops.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, Ana 3.
Five per Cents., 104 f. 15c. 30c.
Three per Cents., 78f. 10c.
• National Loan, 1041:
Bank Actions, 1,790 f.
Rente de Naples, 941. 25c.
Roman Five per Cents., 95.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 26.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents.,
Royal Spanish an, 80%.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 100.
Belgian Loan, M3l, five per Cents , 100
Haytian Loan, 2,7 f. 50e.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —l. —c. ; money, 25f. 25c.
Three months, paper, —l. —c. ; money, 25f. 15c.
—Ours Authentique.

In the late division that led to the resignation
of the Duc de BROGLIE, we understand that
the majority was composed of persons who are
usually the supporters of government, and that
in the minority were included the venerable LA
FAYETTE and others of the ultra-liberal party.
It appears to have been a point of national
honour sacrificed at the shrine of ultra-economy.
It is not impossible that " the penny wise and

pound foolish" gentlemen who form the majority
may find to their cost that to save is not always
to gain. A protracted dispute with the United
States may in the end cost them more than the
payment of a just and lawful debt would have
done at present.

The Spanish Government at length seems
determined to take decisive steps for the expul-
sion of Don CARLOS from Portugal. Had
the QUEEN-REGENT acted with common ri-
gour, and sent troops to make with Don PE-
DRO a simultaneous attack on Don MIGUEL
at Santarem some months ago, in all probabi-
lity the rebel armies would soon have been dis-
persed, and the two infants—the Usurpers of
Spain and Portugal—by this time, been ba-
nished from the Peninsula. The timid and
wavering policy, however, of that Princess, who
seems more intent on pleasure than business,
has not only delayed such a measure, but ren-
dered its completion a matter of considerable
doubt. While she has been wasting, in her
retreat at Aranjuez, time which should have
been devoted to business, and her wurtiers and
ministers have been quarrelling about the only
measure which can secure the succession of her
daughter,—the Convocation of the Cortes, the
Carlists, have been gaining ground in the north,
and mustering an army which it may require
all her disposable forces to repel from the capi-
tal. As to the necessity and justice of such a
step there can be but one opinion The Am-
bassadors of Austria and Russia may protest
against it, but cannot, either according to the
undisputed principles of inter-national law, or
their own recorded example, take any other steps
to oppose it. The young Princess is, de facto
and de jure, Queen of SPAIN, and if she has
the right of " attacking" the forces of a neigh-
bouring State that harbours a rival, she has an
undoubted right, under similar circumstances,
of attacking the forces of an individual whom
their recognition of Donna MARIA has
branded as an usurper. This step augurs
better for Legitimate and Constitutional rights,
but still the conduct of the two REGENTS
is so full of suspicion, that we regard the
convocation of the Cortes of the two kingdoms
as the only hope of safety for the Peninsula.

We quote the following from the Paris
correspondent of a morning contemporary. At
a time when our English libel law is engaging
so much attention here, our readers may be de-
sirous to know on what footing it stands among
our neighbours on the other side of the channel :
—" In cases of libel against private individuals
the action is brought in the courts of Correc-

tional Police where there is no jury, and
where the juages have considerable latitude.
They award imprisonment rather than fine,
making it a rule to do so, that actions of
the kind may not become a speculation.
In cases of libel against private indi-
viduals the maxim holds, as with us, of
" the greater the truth the greater the Jibe! ;" in
other words, for this is exaggeration, proof of
the truth of the statement is not admitted. In
libels against public functionaries, however,
ministers, magistrates, or men in a public capa-
city, the law is quite the reverse. The action is

then tried en Cour d' Assises, and before a jury,
whose proof of the truth of the libel is allowed,
and where witnesses maybe called and examined
for that purpose."

When the church rates have been abolished;
a parochial registration established; the mar-
riage bill made conformable thereto ; the uni-
versities• thrown open and reformed ; and a
charter has been granted to the London Uni-
versity, the practical grievances of the Dis-
senters will have been redressed. In the pro-
motion of all these objects they shall have our
best. support, but we see no reason for ques-
tioning the good will, the sincerity, or the
power of the Government in reference to all
these matters. We cannot see how the Dis-
senters are to gain any of them without the
hearty co-operation of the present Government.
Mr. COBBETT, one of the leaders of the Radi-
cal party, is against them, and so are the
Dukes Of WELLINGTON and CUMBERLAND,
Sir ROBERT PEEL and Sir ROBERT INGLIS.
To what party in Parliament then are they to
look for assistance, if not to those who obtained
for them the repeal of the Test Acts, that Re-
form of Parliament which has given them the
great degree of political power which they now
possess, and the abolition of slavery, their dar-
ling measure, effected too • in the most honour-
able and satisfactory manner to all parties. ,Do
they wish to have a Prime Minister of their
own, or that their grievances shall remain un-
redressed until Lord HENLEY, the great Church
Reformer, or the gentlemen who supported
him at the Middlesex election, or any new party
first to be elected by the people, or made
peers by the King, shall find their way into both
houses of parliament ? Surely they have too
much good sense to alienate themselves from
his Majesty's Government, who have again and
again pledged themselves to redress all their real
grievances ? As to the dissolution of the con-
nexion between church and state, that is a
matter for the nation, and quite as interesting
to churchmen as dissenters. Whether the
established churches of the three kingdoms have
accomplished the ends of their appointment, or
whether those ends have been fulfilled, or are ful-
filling by the voluntary churches, are debateable
questions, and there are many facts rela-
tive to them all, which require to be col-
lected and arranged and reflected on, before
a sound decision can he come to. Let
the real grievances of the Dissenters be effec-
tually and as speedily as is practicable redressed.
Let the amount of the tithes and church reve-
nues, all of which are under the control of Par-
liament, be well ascertained, and then, but not
till then, will be the time to determine
on their disposal. To give sound and
truly Christian education to the people,
ought to be, and assuredly will be, the
object alike of King, government, parliament,

DEVIZES CORN DIA RKE l' —April 3.
Per Sack. s. d. a. d Per Quarter. s. d. a. d.
Best Wheat 26 0 to 27 6 Barley '2s 0 to 32 0
Second 24 0 25 6 Oats lB 0 23 0
Thirds 2l 0 22 0 Beans (per sack) 15 0 20 0
975 Sacks of Wheat sold} 2A 8 Flour (per bag).. 3S 0 42 0
at the average of Bread (per gall). 1 2 0 0

PARLIAMENTARY PAPER.

BANK NOTES.

(PRIVATE AND JOINT STOCK BANKS.)
AN ACCOUNT of the aggregate Amount of NOTES circu-
lated in England and 'Wales by PRIVATE BANKS and
by JOINT STOCK BANKS and their BRANCHES, dis-
tinguishing PRIVATE from JOINT STOCK BANKS,
between the 28th August and the 28th December, 1833 ;
from Returns directed by the Act 3 and 4. Will. IV. c. 83.
Private Banks £8,836,803
Joint Stock Banks 1,315,301

Z 10,152,104
JOHN WOOD, Chairman
Stamps and Taxes, March 19, 1834.

THE KING v. BELL AND OTHERS.
A RETURN of the COSTS, in detail, of the Prosecution in
the Case of THE KING v. BELL, GRANT and AGER, in
the Court of King's Bench, in Westminster, in the Sittings
after last Term.
Fees to Counsel £lO4 16 0
Clerk in Court, Court Fees and Jury 60 7 a
Short-hand Writer l4 6 4
Stationer and Petty Disbursements 2 7 0

Total £lBl 16 9
GEORGE :MULE.

March 22, 1831,

The General Steam Navigation Company's
mail packet, the Tourist, from Hamburg, arrived off the
Custom-house last night, 4th April.
Scarlet fever and measles have been raging
in Dysart of late in an uncommon degree, and the
deaths have been numerous. In one family, with five
blooming boys, four have within these two or three
weeks been carried to the grave.—Edinburgh Paper.
One of the celebrated beauties of the last
century, the Miss Gunnings, was married to the Duke
of Hamilton with a ring of the bed-curtain, at half an
hour after twelve at night, at May-fair chapel.
In the clothing district of Gloucestershire
trade is dull, in consequence of the high price of wool.
The stripe makers have resolved that the prices of
cloths will not enable them to give the advance of
wages asked by the Weavers' Union Committee ; they
intend to suspend manufacturing if the weavers refuse
to go on at the present rate. Perhaps the result may
be that the stripe trade will be driven from this part pf
the kingdom.
RAPE.—At the Londonderry Assizes, John.
*Bay was indicted for violating the person of Cathe-
rine Roden, at Ghoseden, near Oaks, on the 29th of
September last. It appeared by the evidence of Ca-
therine Roden and others, that she had been at what

is called in the country " a churn," on the night in
question ; that, on her way home she felt ill, and in
crossing a garden to her own house she sat down for a
little ; that the prisoner, who is a married man, and
the father of five children, followed her into the gar-
den; that he got her down, and effected his purpose ;
that she made every resistance in her power ; that she
bled his mouth, and so scratched his face that she was
covered with his blood ; that she was all bruised and
blackened. Every circumstance was clearly proved—
even the witnesses for the defence corroborated those
for the Crown. The jury found the prisoner guilty,
and the awful sentence of death was passed upon him,
but without a day being named. The unhappy man is
about forty-five or fifty years of age, of a forbidding
aspect, and did not appear in the least degree affected ;
indeed, he looked quite unconscious of the fate that
awaited him.

On Tuesday night, at eight o'clock, Mr.
Stallworthy, jun., of Waterperry, on his return from
Thame fair, was attacked by four men, and robbed of
nine sovereigns and 9s. 6d. in silver, only half a mile
from the town. He was on a pony, and going at a
moderate pace, when four men turned out of the road
as if to pass him ; but the last seized his bridle, and he
was hauled off his pony backwards ; one of the villains
held his mouth, another knelt on his breast,
while the other two rifled his pockets. As they
attacked his right hand pocket, which contained
only a few coppers and his knife, he endeavoured
to pull out his purse from the other, to turn the con-
tents on the ground ; but he had no sooner got it out than
they snatched it from him and ran off, leaving him
unhurt, although when he cried out to a young man
whom he had just passed, and who heard him, they
said " If you make any noise we'll blow your brains
out." One of the gang said, " Don't hurt him, if we
have got his money." His watch they did not attempt
to take. The men ran towards Thame, and Mr
Stallworthy followed them at a distance for some
time, when they turned round and said, " You had
better make the best of your way home ;" and another
said, " Where is the knife ? let us stick him." They
then turned back and ran away, but not until one said,
" Catch his pony for him." Mr. S. then went home.
The pony was found next morning in Rycote-lane.
