SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The accounts received yesterday from Hol-
land to Tuesday last, taken in connection with
those from Antwerp of the same date, afford us
the melancholy assurance that the Dutch Go- wou
vernment has resolved upon warlike resistance,
and that as the French army was ready to com-
mence operations, almost immediate bloodshed
has become inevitable. The " Order of the
Day" of General Chasse to the garrison which
he commands, dated the 17th, the " Order of
the Day" of the Commandant of Breda on the
18th, and the Decree of King William, dated
the 19th, for calling out the second and third
bans of the sehutterg (sedentary National
Guards or militia), establish beyond a doubt
that the Government of Holland has thrown
down the gauntlet to France and England, and
means to tempt the favours of victory against
these powerful nations. The last measure, in
particular, if it is not solely intended to excite the
national enthusiasm, and to act on foreign Pow-
ers by a display of force or national unani-
mity, would seem to indicate that King 'William
is preparing himself against an invasion of hi
dominions, and as that cannot take place (ac-
cording to the principles on which the Allies are
acting) without being provoked by an aggressidu
of his own people upon Belgium, that the
Dutch army intends to pass the Belgic frontiers'.
For it is obvious that men who have never be-
fore been under arms, and who have never be-
fore received any sort of military discipline, how-
ever they may " be formed into battalions," can
only be called forth to defend their homes in the
absence, or in aid of, the regular army. The
address of General Chasse to his troops is such
as might have been expected from a gallant offi-
cer commanded by his Sovereign to preserve his
position, and to fight to the last, without any
reference to the nature of the contest or the
chances of success. He holds out no prospect
of ultimate victory, but expects from his com-
panions in arms a resolute purpose, like his own,
to maintain their honour, and to display their
courage, even in defeat. The order of the day,
addressed to the garrison of Breda, resembling
so much the addresses made to the troops
during the last 12 months by the King and the
Prince of Orange, and commemorating the in-
vasion of Belgium in August, 1831, would not
be of the slightest interest by itself; or detached
from the other hostile declarations with which it
is connected. But the resistance of the garrison
of Antwerp, and the decree for organizing ano-
ther great portion of the population as a defensive
force, are facts of great importance, as indicating
an entire system of warlike policy. The Dutch
Coven ment would seem thus to announce that
it is disposed to hazard its very existence rather
than do an act of undeniable justice to its neigh-
bour, at the award of all the great Powers of
Europe,—that it intends to fight, toto corpore
regni, for its chimerical monopoly of the
Scheldt,—that the defence of Antwerp agains!
the French besieging army is only the first act
of a long tragedy which it wishes to force on
the indignation of mankind,—that it is de-
sirous of being the advanced post of a general
armament against the recent changes effected
in the political state of the continent,—and that
it
,Itrrniehee with a ,superiot- force to gain time
and to look out for allies. In this latter view we
trust that his Dutch Majesty will be signally
disappointed ; but the first cannon fired from
the citadel of Antwerp must either evince such a
revolting anticipation, or absolute insanity.
The French army is restricted, by the conven-
tion of the 22d ult., between England and
France, to the capture of the citadel of Ant-
werp, and the delivery of it to the Belgians,
provided no attempt be made by the Dutch to
invade Belgium ; hut in that case a separate con-
vention between France and Belgium stipulated
for the assistance of French troops, to repel the
invader. This, of course, can be no subject of
alarm to the friends of peace, because the
French last year acted in the same capacity
without the faith or the formality of a conven-
tion. If the peace of Europe is destined to
be disturbed by the accidents which may
occur in the resistance of Holland to the just
demands of a great European Conference, we
shall have our pacific Conservatives to execrate
for all the devastations and bloodshed which must
ensue. They have encouraged the fatal obsti-
nacy of the Dutch King and the hateful cupi-
dity of the Dutch people, by holding oat hopes
that England would soon desert her French al-
liance—that there would soon be a change of
Ministry in this country—and that with that
change all the exaggerated pretensions of the
House of Nassau would be realized. Hence
the city petition is stuck up on the walls of every
town in Holland, as expressive of the sentiments
of all Englishmen, beyond the precincts of
Downing-street ; and hence corresponding so-
cieties of Dutch merchants have the effrontery
to send thanks to the petitioners, for their hos-
tility to their own country and Government. h
our Conservative politicians were not either the
most insensible or the most profligate of man-
kind, they would not be able to contemplate the
consequences of their present proceedings without
shuddering. By calling upon the King of Holland
to resist a European award, and inviting the
absolute Powers of the continent to support him
against France, they are preparing a war of opi-
nion, which, after being the source of unutter-
able calamities to mankind, may alter the whole
of the political arrangements formed at the peace
of 1815. Italy, the Rhenish provinces, and the
Netherlands, may again change masters, and the
Prince of Orange may be lucky in being called
to the Presidential chair of the Batavian re-
public. Our great hope, however, is that the
siege of Antwerp will begin and terminate hos-
tilities, and that the increasing number of Dutch
ships brought into our ports may be more effec-
tive than the seditious addresses or petitions of
our Conservatives, in convincing the Dutch mer-
chants that the people of England are decidedly
opposed to their monopolizing claims ; and that
peace, with the enjoyment of the trade of Eng-
land, is, at least, as profitable as the retention of
Antwerp, with an English embargo.— Times.
In the Marlborough-street police report, it
the Chronicle of yesterday, there was a case re.
lative to a robbery at Crockford's Bazaar—pre•
eumed to be by two young ladies at East Sheen
—which deserves attention on more accounts
than one. Margaret Findlay, in the service of
Mr. Downes, a jeweller, in Upper High-street,
Islington, superintends a stand in the St. James's-
street Bazaar, belonging to Mr. Downes. On
the 9th of November, three ladies, apparently
mother and daughters, came into the Bazaar,
and examined several articles, and on their de-
parture, Miss Findlay missed several articles of
jewellery, which, after a search of the young
ladies, were found partly on them, and partly
beside them. On the case coming on at the above
office on Wednesday last, the solicitor observed,
that " he had heard it stated, if a tradesman

attempted to institute au inquiry into cases simi-
lar to the present, it was sure to bring ruin upon
him ; but his client was determined, whatever
the cansequenCes, that public justice should he
attained." 'We were sure that public justice
not be attained ; and that the solicitor's
client would receive, ere long, a new light on
the subject. Accordingly, we find that after a
warrant had been granted and put into the hands
of an officer, both Mr. Downes and Miss
Findlay declined to identify the young ladies,
so that it would not be executed. M'lr. Downes

informed the Magistrate that he could not get
Miss Findlay to go. Mr. Downes, understand-
ing that the family was respectable, like a shrewd
English tradesman well acquainted with the ways
of the world, went down to East Sheen, for
the purpose of informing the father of the young
ladies of what he intended to do, that he might
not be taken by surprise. And thus there is alt
end of the matter. We do not blame this
tradesman, or this young woman, for not sa-
crificing themselves for the sake of public jus-
tice. It is one of the consequences of great
Inequality of property in a country, that there
should be arrogance and insolence on the one
hand, and prostration of spirit and servility on
the other. We have known several instances of
tradesmen having been absolutely ruined, in
consequence of fashionable people making com-
mon cause against them, for some supposed
want of respect, such as arresting one of the
order. In most other parts of the country,
tradesmen are still more afraid of offending the
powerful people in their neighbourhood than in
London. In short, liberty and independence
are a mere chimera, wherever there exists a
powerful aristocracy. As nature, in the course
of generations, would soon effect a more whole-
some distribution of property, the existence of
great inequalities of property, in any country,
always supposes misgovernment, and the spo-
liation of the many for the sake of the few.
We are no levellers. We hold it of the
utmost importance that property should he
respected. In every country, some will be more
successful than others; and if men were to start
equal to-day, there would be inequalities among
them to-morrow. 'I here \ ill always be poor and
rich in society. In the United States we find
individuals leaving behind them fortunes of a
couple of millions of pounds sterling, who began
the world with no other property than the labour
of their hands. But except the law favours ine-
qualities, and the disposal of the public mono}
be intrusted to a particular caste, all such ine-
qualities as those to which we have alluded are
insulated phenomena. They are as the waves of
the ocean. One moment we discover the sur-
face broken by an elevation, and the next it has
disappeared. England is by far the best of the
three kingdoms with regard to distribution of
property, and consequently independence. Till
almost within the memory of man, the utmost
prostration of spirit prevailed in Scotland, from
the vicious distribution of property, and even-
handed justice was not to be thought of. The'
increase of towns and manufacturing industry
has raised up a middle class -possessed of consi-
derable property, and,the Lairds are now less ab-
solute than they were, though more powerful
than they ought to be. In spite of Entails, how-
evzr, the natural extravagance of all men who
live on rents, and a determination of the reformed
Parliament to consider only the value of the ser-
vices rendered to the State, without reference to
rank or connection, will soon reduce the caste in
question to a proportion better suited to the wel-
fare of the country. The clever author of " The
Wild Sports of the West" exhibits to us some
characteristic traits of a state of society far more
incompatible with morality and order than that
of England and Scotland. Some distance from
Newport, which he describes as the ultiina
Thule of civilized Europe, he says—
,' We crossed an ancient bridge of many arches, through
which an extensive lake communicates with the sea, and
farther on passed the old tower of Carrigahowla. Our
route was contiguous to the sea : on the left were the
numerous islands of Clew-bay, on the right an extensive
chain of savage hills and barren moorland. The road be-
eame hardly passable ; constructed without the least re-
gard to levelness—here it dipped into a ravine, and then
breasted some sudden hill, inaccessible to any carriage but
the light machines we travelled with. Its surface was
rough, and interrupted by a multitude of loose stones ;
some of the bridges were partially dilapidated, and others
had never been completed. In these, the ragged line of
granite, which formed the key-stones of the arches, stood
nakedly up, and presented a barrier that no common car-
riage could overtop without endangering its springs and
harness ; and yet this forlorn road is the only communica-
tion with a highly improvable country, covering at least 50
square miles, with numerous and profitable islands attached,
and an immense line of sea coast, possessing rich fisheries,
and abounding in kelp-weed and manure ! And why was
this neglect? Were the proprietors of this deserted dis-
trict so cold to that true spring of human action—self-
aggrandizement—as to omit providing an outlet for the
source of their opulence? Were there no public moneys
allocated to these abandoned corners of the earth, and so
much lavishly expended on many a useless undertaking
elsewhere? Yes; large sums have been presented and
re-presented by the Grand Juries for the last twenty year,
but they have been regularly pocketed by those to whose
good faith they were intrusted. Would It be believed in
England, that this atrocious system of peculation has been
carried to such an extent, that roads have been passed as
completed, when their lines have been but roughly marked
out—and bridges been actually paid for, the necessary ac-
counting affidavits have been sworn to in open Court,
when not a stone was even laid, and to this day the stream
runs without a solitary arch to span its flood from the
source to the debouchment? Aye—these delinquencies
have been often and notoriously perpetrated, and none
have had the courage to drag the criminals to justice."
None have had the courage to drag the cri-
minals to justice !! ! Why ? The story of
the Homicide Hennesy and the Robber Burke
living under the patronage of the master, that
is the aristocrat of a neighbourhood, affords a
ready answer. In such countries, the poor '
exist by becoming the tools of the great ; they
must swear, rob, and murder for them, when
necessary. Morality cannot grow in such a
country. The accounts given by the French
officers, who, during the reign of Murat, occu-
pied Calabria, exhibited a state of things almost
similar. The arrogant Baron, the banditti, the
recklessness of life, and the utter absence of
morality and justice. Norway and Switzerland
again are countries, which may be compared
with Connaught and Calabria. Norway is far
less favoured by nature than either. But there
is no aristocracy in Norway. There is a great
equality in the circumstances of the people; and
they are highly moral and orderly. Such things
as murder and robbery are hardly known. The
same equality of property prevails in Switzerland,
and the consequences are nearly the same. Now
let us suppose that, by some calamity, the pre-
sent inhabitants of Connaught were swept away,
and that the country was planted anew by in-
dustrious persons of moderate means, like the
first planters of New England, is there anything
in the locality of Connaught that would prevent
such men from exhibiting the same virtues which
characterize the Swiss and Norwegian moun-
taineers? Certainly not. But, unfortunately,
the scheme of society in Connaught p laces the
development of independence of character, with-
out which there can be neither order nor mora-
lity, at an immense distance. There can be no

law where there is a despotic waster and a nu m
her of crouching slaves. The circumstances de-
tailed in the Marlborough-street report, and
those detailed by the author of " Wild Sports
in the West," differ only in degree. In both the
plunderer escapes, because the parties dare not put
the law in execution. Great inequality of pro-
perty leads to arrogance on the one hand, and
cowardice on the other.—Morning Chronicle.

REPRESENTATION OF WESTMINSTER.

MEETING OF ELECTORS.
A very full meeting of the above constituency
was held last evening at the Crown and Anchor,
for the purpose of hearing Col. Evans, one of the
candidates for Westminster. Colonel Evans, on
entering the platform, was received with the most
enthusiastic and continued acclamations, mingled
with some hisses, which were so few, however, as
to be almost inaudible amid the thunders of the rest.
Mr. PROUT was unanimously called to the chair.
His opening address was almost inaudible from the
continuation of the applauses, and the confusion
caused by some twenty individuals, whose hisses,
rind cries of " Hobhouse" became audible, whenever
the plaudatcry acclamations were getting stilled ;
and these, of course, induced fresh rounds of ap-
plause. The Chairman, however, we understood
merely to entreat for good order, and an impartial
hearing for each speaker, let him advocate what
party he might. There was no occasion for noise
and clamour ; and he trusted that the electors of
Westminster, whose name had ever stood foremost
in election annals as a temperate, rational, impartial,
and discriminating body of men, would not sully
their fair fame on this occasion.
Mr. MERLE addressed the meeting amidst conti-
nued uproar; and we could merely catch at inteivals
what he said, in consequence, not only of the noise
which prevailed in the body of the meeting., but
from the continued vociferations of electors behind
and around us, on the platform. The Chairman, in
fact, utterly failed in preserving order till Colonel
Evans appeared. The confusion was entirely
owing to the factious outcries of twenty or thirty
individuals. Mr. Merle then observed that each
elector's first duty was to his country.—(Cheers.)
No man most now be swayed either by private feel-
ing or duty, nor must consider past services as a
guarantee for future services. They must find out
a man who would pledge himself to act in all things
for their future interests, and not take a man who
merely cited his past conduct, however unimpeach-
able that might be. He would now cite a circum-
stance, which he called to mind, which would make
their hair stand on end with horror; and he would
then put it to the meeting whether Sir John C.
Hobhouse was to be elected by them without a di-
rect pledge for the abolition of flogging in the army.
—(Cheers.) About twenty-four years ago, when
he was, of course, a mere boy, it had fallen to his
lot to be present at a court-martial. A man—an
excellent, honest man—of the name of Curtis (the
son of a former Mayor of Oxford), was a cor-
poral and regimental clerk in the regiment. There
is a law, that any one who may detect pecula-
tion in any of the officers is entitled to his
discharge ; this man found out that the Colonel
of the regiment had defrauded the men to the
amount of 1,0001. Curtis waited upon the Colonel,
eharged 1"-% e;:p;cs.sed his wish to avail
himself of the privilege of leaving the regiment, but
said that he was not desirous of proceeding further,
if the Colonel would reimburse the men to the
amount he had defrauded them. The Colonel, how-
ever, dismissed him in a rage, and he had subse
quently forwarded a written account of the pecu-
lation. The regimental clerks he (Mr. Merle),
would observe, are allowed to wear plain clothes, if
they please; notwithstanding which, having gone
abroad in plain clothes on a subsequent day, he was
brought before a regimental court-martial, and was
sentenced to some punishment ; but this was
nothing to what followed. On a subsequent day
he was brought before a general court-martial,
arid was sentenced to receive 1,000 lashes.—(Ex-
clamations of horror and indignation, and a few
cries of " Question.") He received 300, but his back
was then in such a state, that the surgeon said he
must receive no more. He recovered a little, and
being taken back, was told he must either receive
the remaining lashes, or pass into a condemned re-
' giment. He accepted the latter alternative, and
was marched to the Isle of Wight; but here death
put an end to his sufferings; his death was caused
by the mortification of his back from the wounds
inflicted by the lashes.—(Renewed exclama-
tions.) Hob house brought this case before
the House ;—but that then vile assembly si-
lo wed Dundas, upon his word, to assure the
Honourable Menzbers that it was no such thing
that the man had died a natural death that when
he commenced his march, he was in perfect health.
This same Hobhouse, who all his life, before he be-
came a Member of the Administration, had ex-
pressed his horror at this atrocious system, now re-
fused to pledge himself for its abolition T. Was such
the man to represent Westminster ?—(No, no.) We
are taxed for the privilege of seeing the brilliant lu-
minary in the Heavens We cannot write without
being taxed for it; we are overwhelmed with taxes
on every thing, and are we to accept that man who
will not pledge himself for the removal of them ?
We are told by the Tory Whigs and the Tory Tories,
that the system of pledging would have the effect of
forming a Delegate Parliament. So it would, and so
it ought.—(Cheers.) Are Sir Francis and Sir
John Cam to hold themselves wiser than the collec-
ve wisdom of the constituency ? The electors sent

men to Parliament to represent their minds, and are
these representatives not to be pledged to represent
their minds truly ? We are in 1832, and not 1732;
and so he was sure Sir J. C. Hobhouse would find.
Mr. MiciffE addressed the meeting; but, from
the noise which now assumed even a louder tone,
we could not hear a single collected sentence; but
understood him to be detailing the conversation he
had had with Sir J. C, Hobhouse at Richmond
(which we before noticed), and arguing that he
was not a proper and fit person to represent West-
minster. The cries of " Hobhouse," &c., were
very lustily kept up by the before-mentioned par-
ties, who certainly filled their parts very effectively ;
so as, with the counter-cries they excited, almost
completely to render inaudible most of the obser-
vations made by the speakers. Mr. Michie ad-
verted to the frequent pledges given by Sir John
Cam Hobhouse, when he was only Mr. Hobhouse;
and quoted his opinions on the system of pledging,
formerly given by him, which were unequivocally
in favour of it. How does the Hon. Baronet's pre-
sent conduct tally with his former view of the sub-
ject ?
Mr. NIAHON, the barrister, then began an ad-
dress to the meeting in favour of Sir John Cam
Hobhouse; but was met with the most decided
disapprobation. Notwithstanding which, he per-
sisted in standing up and continued to speak, hut
what he said, we are utterly unable to state. We
could only see the undulating motion of his hands
and arms, and hear the cries of the meeting, who
evinced the most unequivocal determination not to
hear him.—(Cries of " No fl egging—yes, flog him,
turn him out!—What has Hobhouse given you ?
LI ►s he given you a brief ct sic sinailia?")
The CHAIRMAN then put it to the meeting, whe-
ther they would or would not hear Mr. Mahon ;
the result was a general—No; but the gentleman
said he did not regard the votes of such a set of
vagabonds. This vituperation excited mingled
mirth and anger. The question was repeated, of
how much he had, and one individual offered him a
sovereign, as a fee—to go away, we suppose.
However, Mr. Mahon, finding that even he could no
longer star►d it, though he had stated his determina-
tion to hold out even till midnight, took his de-
' parture, followed by no very favourable indications
of the feelings of the meeting.
The first resolution, proposed by Mr. MICIIIE,

was then put and carried unanimously, or at lelst
only five or six voicos were raised in opposition.
Mr. SIMPSON proposed the second resolution, and
made several observations on the eligibility of Col.
Evans. They ought to elect him, if only to show
that they were not governed by the Rump.

man.

Colonel EVANS was received with the most tre-
mendous acclamations and waving of hats, which
continued for ten or twelve minutes. The Gallant
Colonel then said he had come forward as a candi-
date for the representation of Westminster._
(Cheers.) He would not trouble them with an
extended speech. He came there to express his
opinions on public matters, in order that they might
judge whether he was worthy of the proud position
to which he aspired, and in order that he might
collect from them a knowledge of the support he
was to receive, and whether he was likely to be ac-
cepted or not. He was proud of appearing before
them in this manner. He came not patronized or
protected by any patron, nor was lie at the beck or
bidding of any great man—(Cheers)—but he came
there invited by many of themselves, and he was
prouder of this recommendation than if he had come
under the wing of the greatest and most powerful
man in the empire.—(Cheers.) He would not
trouble them with many observations, for he did
not wish to excite their feelings, coming as he did
rather to ascertain their feelings on this great sub-
ject, towards him, than to solicit. It was not by
mere expressions of approbation, or the contrary,
that this great contest would eventually be decided.
—(Cheers.) He did not expect but that there
were individuals here in favour of the opposite
party, as there always were on these occasions;
hut as he had not attempted to silence the gen-
tleman who had spoken in favour of the op-
posite party, it was due to him that he in
turn should have an equally impartial hearing.
He came forward under these circumstances. The
Member now sitting for Westminster, the opponent
candidate, was formerly supposed to be strongly li-
beral in his character. Marty would suppose that as
he (Colonel Evans) now came forward as an oppo-
nent candidate to the present Member, he would be
disposed to set himself down as more democratic or
demagogniali than that gentleman. He (Colonel
Evans) did not give that word the invidious mean-
ing which had been given it by some ; but he would
say that he was desirous of tracing that Member's
former footsteps—(Cheers)—and acting as he had
formerly done, for the good of the people. He did
not come before them as a reckless demagogue ; but
if, after hearing his sentiments, they did not give
him credit for the judgment, and the qualities which
are necessary for an efficient Statesman, then they
should have nothing to do with him.—(Cheers.)
It was true, he was an advocate for extending the
Bill ; to all the institutions of the country, and to
support the effects and consequences of the
Bill ; he must yet guard himself from the insinua-
tions thrown out by certain foolish and crafty peo-
ple, that he wished to establish anarchy, or to over-
throw the State without infringing on individual
rights or property, he was yet sufficiently a dema-
gogue to consider that the effect of all political in-
stitutions should be to consult the good of the many
in preference to that of the few. He would make
a few observations with respect to those institutions
' which lie wished to see, and expected to see re-
formed. In the first place, he conceived that no
honest man could say that Parliamentary Reform was
effectual, while Parliaments last for seven years.
—(Loud Cheers.) The first thing he should
, do in that Parliament would he to present a mo-
tion ;or' OJc shortening. its duration. In this feeling he
was countenanced by the opposing candidate, or
at least by such a man as he was at his first election
to this city, when he said that he was convinced
that every candidate ought to be pledged—pledged
—mark that—(Cheers)—to promoting the short-
ening of the duration of Parliament. The late new
complaint of cholera has not excited half the alarm
to certain persons as this new Pledgephobia has, for
the same person who some years ago, advocated
pledges, will now not hear of such a thing. With
regard to the ballot—(Cheers)—there seemed a great
dread of this measure too; in particular among the
Whigs—the members of Brooke's, who say that
the ballot is a disgraceful, perfidioos,and ungentle-
manly system ; yet these very noblemen and gentle-
men make their own elections by the ballot every
month or so; by the ballot—this perfidious, dis-
graceful, and ungentlemanly system.—(Cheers.)
Taxes on knowledge.—(bravo !) These are on
printing, paper, and advertisements. There is not
a more respectable and deserving class of persons
than those connected with the Press, and no trade
is at present in a more depressed state. Consider-
ing these taxes only as an injustice to a trade,
it would be reason enough for abolishing them ; but
it is not only this, not only a tax on food, but it is
a taxon the mind, the means of obtaining food. There
is not a tax more harsh, impolitic, and objectionable.
—(Bravo.) The Chancellor of the Exchequer—a
very worthy man no doubt—had been as vehement
as any man against these taxes before he got
into ojee. His present conduct was such that
it would require more logic than he (Colo-
nel Evans) had ever heard from that Chan-
cellor to make him appear not grossly inconsistent.
From a calculation lately made by the Government
in France of the comparative state of crime, it had
resulted that crime went invariably hand-in-hand
with ignorance. The house and property tax he
most decidedly would get repealed, if he could.
The gross and unequal distribution of this tax, as
stated lately in the papers, was most shocking, and
convincing as to the necessity for its immediate abo-
lition. In Pall-mall, a nobleman's house, worth
4,0001. a-year. is only rated at three or four times
more than the neighbouring houses at three or four
hundred pounds a-year,instead of four hundred times
With regard to Reform in the Church—(Tremend-
ous cheering)—he was opposed—and who was not?—
to tithes.—(Cheeis.) It was only surprising how
the agricultural interests had been able to bear up
under such a monstrous imposition. He had no
doubt this system would be abolished, and a more
equal distribution of stipend and labour substituted,
and that we should no longer see those haughty
ecclesiastical Lords rolling by in their splendid equi-
pages, but doing their now neglected duty; and,
also, that these Spiritual Lords should no longer mix
themselves up with temporal matters, or be at all in
the House. Such alterations would be good both
for the interestsof religion and of society.—(Cheers.)
There was a great Reform necessary in Ireland—
(Cheers)—a country hitherto not sufficiently consi-
dered by us.—(Cheers.) The people had nosy
found out that eight or ten millions a year were
drawn out of their pockets in consequence of the '
mismanagement with respect to Ireland; and this
must no longer he. He would here observe, with
respect to Church Reform, that from the late home
questions put by Government to the ecclesiasticals,
he expected something would be now shortly done.
He would insist upon cheap law, and had no doubt
that the great, the illustrious and great man nosy at
the heal of the law, would effect a speedy and ra-
dical reform throughout. With regard to monopo-
lies, he felt, with due respect to the tights of indi-
viduals, that they must bow to the good of the
many. From the statement of Sir Henry Parnell,
die people had found that they paid every year ten
or twelve millions of tax in the shape of tea; and
this must no longer be. He would have slavery
abolished, and flogging, and was much surprised
this had not been long abolished, considering the
pledges which had been given. With regard to
financial reform, he would shortly say, that he would
have every possible retrenchment in every depart-
meta. He would now conclude by observing, that,
as the reformation in all these things now depended
on the electors, they ought to use their franchise
cautiously ; if not, they would fully merit the con-
sequences, the mock Reform they would be cajoled
with. He had come before them at their invi-
tation, and after due deliberation on his own part.
He had been informed that their late Member,
and now Candidate, was considered a shackled man.
As such, he could not expect the suffrages of the
Westminster electors, and he (Colonel Evans) had

thought it was now open to any public man to coin
forward. lf, however, their old and tried candidate
should again become reconciled to them—(No,
no)—he (Colonel Evans) would readily take his
leave, and would be proud of having been the means
of effecting such a result.—(No, no, you're the
With regard to the letter he had received
rom Sir Francis Burdett, he entreated the electors
to consider that it was written on the moment, in-
considerately, and he trusted that on the hustings the
electors would not recollect in Sir F. anything but
his long-tried patriotism and services to his country.
The lion. Baronet's was a glorious and disinterested
career, and the indiscretion of a moment ought not
to be sufficient to tarnish it. If, however, the elec-
tors of Westminster thought the Hon. Baronet had
done his duty by them, they would not be ungrate-
ful. He knew them to be a body of men that would
not allow themselves to be treated with contempt
by any man, and upon that point he applauded their
spirit. As for himself, he did not come to actually
solicit the honour of representing them—he had another
place for which he was sure to be returned, yet hi,
would confeLs that he would feel proud if he was so
fortunate as to obtain their undemanded suffrages.
The contest was anything but one that proceeded
from personal motives—it was a contest whether
or not they should have the liberty of choosing
their own representative without being dictated
to by others—it was a contest which originated
with them—the cause then was their=, not his. He
begged to say, that though he dropped the hint that he
would hail with pleasure the return of Sir John
Cam Hobhouse to sounder opinions, ye►, if the
electors of Westminster desired a more independent
and unshackled representative, there was no sacrifice
hat lie ►would not make in order to arrive at that

distinction. The time before the contest began
was very short, and it was imperative upon the elec-
tors to ascertain whether the wishes of the majority
desired another :representative, in order that a pro-
per estimation might be made as to the success of
the contest, and that a great city might not be use-
lessly agitated. He conjured those who were elec-
tors, and who wished that Westminster should
be in the van upon all public matters, to ascertain
the real state of general feeling on the matter.—
(Cries of " We will, and we won't have Hobhouse
at any price.") They must be aware that he came
there not to persuade them to choose him, but in
accordance with the spontaneous invitation of many
of the electors. If the desire of having him for
their representative was general, it could not be
manifested too soon. He would conclude by pro-
mising them, with all the honourable fraukness of a
soldier, that if they thought fit to elect him, they
should never find him slumbering at his post.
Mr. WAKEFIELD seconded the resolution, which
was carried, it may be said, unanimously, since only
three hands were held up against it.
A resolution was passed for the appointment of a
Committee and the opening of subscriptions.
Colonel EVANS again came forward, and said that
he wished to answer a question or two that had just
been put to him; if there were any others to be put
on public matters, he was ready to answer them all.
The first was, whether he was disposed to re-move
the repeal of a certain job ? He alluded to that
job which related to the parish of St. George,
Hanover-square, whereby a large body of inhabitants,
of what was called the outer ward of that parish,
were taxed 300 per cent. more than those who in-
habited the inner ward. He need hardly say, that,
if returned, he would take the earliest opportunity
of moving for a repeal of that most partial job.
The other question related to the Crown Laws,
and he begged to refer the electors to that part of
Mr. Grote's address which mentioned this topic.
He agreed with Mr. Grote on this point, as he did
nearly in all others.
A vote of thanks was then passed to the Chair.
man, after which this very numerous meeting
separat ed.

SECOND EDITION.

S UN-OFFICE, Seven o' Clock,

rim LONDON GAZETTE

THIS EVENING.

WHITEHALL, Nov. 22, 1832.
The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed
under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, constituting and appointing Charles Earl Grey,
K.G.; the Right Hon. John Charles Spencer (commonly called
Viscount Althorp) ; Robert Vernon Smith, Esq.; Francis
T. Baring, Esq. ; the Hou. George Ponsonby ; and Thomas
Francis Kennedy, Esq. ; to be Commissioners for execution of
the offices of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain and
Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

WAR-OFFICE, Nov. 23, 1832.
Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, H. J. Tomkinson, Gent. to
be Cornet, by purchase, vice Lord Macdonald, who retires,
Nov. 23.
7th Regiment of Dragoon Guards, Surgeon M. Cathcart, from
the 38th Regiment, to be Surgeon, vice Roe, who exchanges,
Nov. 23.
7th Regiment of Font, Lieutenant F. Nisbett, from the half-
pay of the 18th Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Murray,
appointed to the 60th Regiment, Nov. 23.
14th Foot, Lieut. J. B. Maxwell, from the 20th Regiment, to
be Lieutenant, vice Higginbotham, who retires, Nov. 23.
20th Foot.—Ensign W. Heron to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Maxwell, appointed to the 14th Foot ; B. Newman, Gent.,
to be Ensign by purchase, vice Heron, Nov. 22.
21st Foot—A. Seton, Gent., to be Second Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Gordon, appointed to the 91st Foot, Nov. 23.
22d Foot—Lieut. A. Campbell, from the half-pay Unattached,
to be Lieutenant, vice Anthony, retired, receiving a commuta-
tion, Nov. 03.
31st Foot—Staff-Assistant-Surgeon, C. H. James to be As-
sistant-Surgeon, vice Murray, promoted in the 46th Foot, Nov.
23.
36th Foot—A. Thistlethwayte, Gent., to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice T. Thistlethwayte, who retires, Nov. 23.
38th Foot—Surgeon S. C. Roe, M.D., from the 7th Dragoon
Guards, to be Surgeon, vice Cathcart, who exchanges, Nov. 23.
46th Foot—Assistant-Surgeon D. Murry, M. 1)., from the 31st
Regiment, to be Surgeon, vice Matlock, deceased, Nov. `..n.
60th Foot—Lieut. Hon. D. H. Murray, from the 7th Regi-
ment, to be Lieutenant, vice F. F. L. Dayrolles, who retires
upon half-pay, Nov. 23.
91st Foot—Lieut. J. F. G. Campbell to be Captain, by pur-
chase, vice Northey, who retires ; Ensign D. Forbes to he
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Campbell ; Second Lieutenant B.
E. M. Gordon, from the 21st Regiment, to be Ensign, vice
Forbes, Nov. en.
92d Foot—Capt. J. D. Macfarlane, from the half-pay Unat-
tached, to be Captain, vice J. Macdonald, who exchanges, re-
ctiving the differenceHO, Nov.
SPITAL STAFF.
G. K. Pitcairn, M.D., to be Staff-Assistant-Surgeon, vice
James, appointed to the 31sMOR At RegimentNDUM., Nov. 23.
ME
The names of the Lieutenant, in the 42d Regiment„are

bert Williamson Ramsey, and not Robert Ramsay Williamson
as formerly stated,

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
JOSEPH STAMPER, carpenter, Ghertsey, Surrey.

BANKRUPTS.
THOMAS MAYNARD and JOSE PII BARBER KNIGHT,
boarding-house-keepers, Hammersmith, to surrender Dec. 7, at
Adamd Jan. 4, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Bird,
-street, Adelphi ; Clark, St. Swithin's-lane, official as-
signee.
AUGUSTUS HERMAN AYCKBOWN, surgeon, Wendo-
ver, Buckinghamshire, Nov. 30, at two, and Jan. 4, at one, at
' the Court of Bankruptcy. Gole, Lothbury.
WILLIAM MABLEY, pawnbroker, New Bridge-street,
Vauxhall, Dec. 4, at twelve, and Jan. 4, at eleven, at the Court
of Bankruptcy. Harris, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's Inn ; Ab-
bott, King's Arms-yard, Coleman-street, official assignee.
FREDERICK FRANCIS CROSS, livery-stable-keeper,
George-yard, Whitcombe-street, Leicester-square, Dec. 4, at
twelve, and Jan. 4, at eleven. at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Sanford, John-street, Adelphi ; Green, King's Arms.yard, otti
cial assignee.
PHILIP MATHEWS CHITTY, scrivener, Shaftesbury,
Nov. 28, Dec. 7, and Jan. 4, at twelve, at the Lamb Inn, Hindon.
Venning and Naylor, Bucklersbury, London ; Heldon, Cle-
ment's Inn, London ; Buckland, Shaftesbury.
WILLIAM CORKHILL, ironmonger, Wnitehaven, Cum-
berland, Dec. 7, and Jan. 4, at eleven, at the Globe Inn, Cocker-
mouth. Rudd, Cockermouth ; Stubbs, Verulam.buildings, Lon-
don.
- - -•

ED WA RD GRAY and JOHN RUSSELL GRAY, corn-
merchants, Liverpool, Dec. 10, and Jan. 4, at two, at the Claren-
don-rooms, Liverpool. Bardwell, Liverpool; Blackstock and
Bunco, Sergeant's Inn, Fleet-street, London.
ROBERT CHURCH, coach-proprietor, Liverpool, Dec. 7, at
one, and Jan. 4, at twelve, at the Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool.
Watson and Byrom, Liverpool; Adlington, Gregory, and Faulk-
ner, Bedford-row, London.
JAMES GEORGE, timber-merchant, Hereford, Dec. 3, and
Jan: 4, at eleven, at the Bowling-green Inn, Hereford. Ball,
Hereford ; Church, Great James-street, Bedford-row, London.
JAMES EMLY, merchant, Liverpool, Dec. 12, and Jan. 4,
at one, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Atkinson, Liver-
' pool; Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row, London.
JOSHUA and CATHARINE PITT, goldsmiths, Worcester,
Dec. 3, and Jan. 4, at the Guildhall Coffee-house, Worcester.
Phillips, East-street, Red Lion-square, London; Thornbery,
Worcester.
WILLIAM BROUGH and SAMUEL SMITH, colour-ma-
nufacturers, Sculcoates, Yorkshire, Nov. 29, 30, and Jan. 4, at
twelve, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston-upon-Hull. Rosser
and Son, Gray's Inn-place, London ; Frost, Hull.
THOMAS COOPER, stage-coach-proprietor, Thatcham,
Berks, Dec. 8 and Jan. 4, at one, at Cooper's Hotel, Bristol.
Sydney, Frenchurch-street, London.
JANE FREEMAN, draper, Shipston-upon-Stour, Watcester.
shire, Dec. 3 and Jan. 4, at eleven, at the George Inn, Shipston-
upon-Stour. Findon and Wood, Shipston-upon-Stour ;11Dynt.
ley, Coverdale, and Lee, Gray's Inn, London.
