and usage, when we reflected that his all was at stake. That
through Mr. Buckingham's exertions this country has been
benefitted to a considerable extent, nobody can deny then
ought not the nation to acknowledge it, by remunerating him
for the losses he has sustained in promoting that benefit ?
We are not met together on a political question, but cue of
humanity and justice ; and I do not envy the apathy of that
man who can keep his house, his office, or his shop, when he
might be engaged in the philanthropic attempt, either by his
voice or his acts, however humble they might be, in forwarding
the object that has called us together this day ; and I have
very great pleasure in supporting the resolution. At the re-
quest of the Chairman, I will read to you a portion of Mr.
Buckingham's Address to the British public. Mr. A. C.
Branson then read the latter part of the Address.
Mr. JOHN WARDLE said, he thought it his duty at the pre-
sent moment to rise and address them, knowing as he did they
were reaping the benefit of Mr. Buckingham's labours. Many
years ago Nicholas Vansittart had' said, what they (the India
Company) bought of the nation, they would have at their own
prices, or none; and what they sold, they charged what they
thought fit. Now, as they had then no opportunity of obtain-
ing the products and riches of that country but through the
medium of the East India Company, they had frequently to
pay from five to twenty-fold more than their original value.
In the years 1813 and 1814, he laboured hard, along with
Mr. Ward and others, to obtain the opening of that trade,
which he knew would have been a mutual benefit to each coun-
try. A partial opening was obtained, and double the quantity
of British manufactures was consumed there. What would
have been the case had the trade been thrown fully open, it
was very easy to conceive. Although at that time great efforts
were made for the accomplishment of the object the parties
had in view, still it could not be attained until ,Mr. Bucking-
ham aroused the people, from one end of the country to an-
(Aber, to make a claim for what they had a just right. One
of Mr. Buckingham's opponents had said, the trade would,
without his exertions, have been thrown open in ten years,
and another said in twenty years. It might have been so ;
but they might be laid in their graves before that time, and
we never should have been enjoying the present advantages,
but for him. The speaker then alluded to Mr. Buckingham's
celebrated contest with Mr. Eneas Macdonald in the Music ,
Hall, and declared his conviction that the victory he then ob-
tained had secured his return for Sheffield. He then exposed
the fallacy of Sir John Hobhouse's statement, that Mr. Buck-
ingham's compensation would come out of the pockets of the
people of India. If this even had been the case, they had not
always been so nice. He then mentioned several large sums
that had been voted to individuals in the way of compensation\
for giving up offices, in which they had spent their lives in
robbing the' natives of that country. He then proceeded to
romark on the improper appointment of Lord Napier, which
Mr. Buckingham had exposed ; and concluded with express-
ing a hope that the differences in the file trade might speedily
be terminated, in order that every mechanic might have the
opportunity of contributing to Mr. Buckingham's Annuity
Fund.—The first resolution was then passed unanimously.
Mr. LINLET, in rising to move the second resolution, said—
I rise with great pleasure to state, that I appreciate far beyond
what I have the power to express, the unabated and judicious
labours of our worthy repressntative, Mr. Buckingham, whet
has in this last session, as well as in former ones, closely at-
tended to his duty in the House of Commons, and has voted;
in my estimation, in strict and perfect conformity with all his
publicly expressed principles and professions on all occasions,
and I will add to my entire satisfaction, and, I hope, to the
satisfaction of his 'constituents generally. lam exceedingly
gratified that Mr. Buckingham has succeeded in doing away
with that stain and blot to the character and honour of the
British nation, the Impressment of Seamen • and I am sure
that future generations will hail' with gratitude the name of
that man, through whose meritorious exertions this great ob-
ject has been accomplished. Gentlemen, for this one act
alone his name will, and deserves to live in British history.—
( Loud cheers.) I will now beg leave to revert to Mr. Buck-
ingham's former labours, more particularly to the doing away
with the East India Monopoly ; and I think you will agree
with me that he was mainly instrumental to the removal of
that most obnoxious monopoly ; that it was his zeal, perse-
vering industry, and patriotic devotion, to the cause in
England, Ireland, and Scotland, that gained us this important
victory ; and when I state, that in consequence of the opening
of the trade to China, the increased quantity of tea imported
into Great Britain, in 1835, was more by sixteen millions
of pounds than the preceding year, 1834, when the trade
was not thrown open, it will show to a demonstration the great
benefits derived already from this article alone, viz., two mil-
lions of money put into the pockets of the people, froth the
.2onsequent lowering of price by competition, besides the
extra demands for British manufactured goods, the sure result
of its removal ; this, in conjunction with the doing away with
Impressment, and advocating Free Trade, -the Abolition of
slavery, brings me to the conclusion, that this country
owes him a debt of gratitude, and I think it is our bounden
duty, under present circumstances, in consequence of the
complete denial of justice by the East India Company, and
the refusal by a majority in the House of Commons, to in-
quire whether he deserves compensation or not, to set an-
example, as his constituents, to the empire at large ; and show
these parties that the people of the United Kingdom both can,
and will, do an act of justice to a persecuted individual—
(Cheers)—which they, our governors, are disinclined to do,
without any cause assigned.—( Applause.) Mr. Linley con-
cluded by moving the second resolution.
Mr. WILLIAM THOMPSON said,—,The resolution carried on
the face of it a conviction which recommended itself to the
heart and understanding of the meeting, he would therefore
second the same without further remark, which was unani-
mously carried.
Mr. HENRY TICKERS said, that to no one would it give
greater pleasure than himself, to bring about the object of this
meeting. He was quite sure it would be hailed with pleasure
in all parts of the country. Fully concurring, as he did most
sincerely, in it, there would be no surprise at his proposing the
resolution which lie did. He then made some remarks as to
the manner in which the intended subscription should be in-
vested. The purchase of an annuity was thought best, be-
cause, from a small amount of capital a greater annual income
might be raised in this way than by other modes of investment.
It might fall short of the income Mr. Buckingham would have
deriied from the capital he had lost, but still something sub-
stantial might be obtained.
The Rev. G. H. Rilonns seconded this motion ; he consi-
dered by so doing he was not departing from the spirit of the
sacred office he held. The Scriptures said those who preach
the Gospel should live by the Gospel; and as the country had
been in a great measure living through Mr. Buckingham's ex-
ertions in opening a free trade, they were equally bound to
support him. Now he has been oppressed and ruined, shall
we not come forward nationally, and in the spirit of the Gospel
to support him,.in his declining day. He most cordially se-
conded the motion, which was also carried.
Mr. JAMES SMITH, jun., in coming forward to propose the
next.resolution, did so with the warmest expressions of kindly
feeling towards Mr. Buckingham. They had heard what he
had achieved, and they had also heard, he was sorry to say,
what he had lost. Time losses had been confirmed by the
Legislature. Whatever others might say, he thought it a great
piece of injustice.
Mr. F. C. FAIRBANK seconded this motion, which was
passed unanimously.
Mr. JOHN ROEBUCK moved, and Mr. A. C. BitaaisoN se-
conded the appointment of Treasurer and Secretaries.
Mr. E. VICKERS then read the Address to the People of
England, which he moved should be adopted ; the same was
seconded by Mr. LINLET.
The Resolutions and Address will be found among our ad-
vertisements. .

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRICAL

FUND.

Yesterday evening, the friends and supporters of that valu-
able institution, the Covent Garden Theatrical Fund, dined
together at the Freemasons' Tavern. The Right Hon. the
Earl of Lichfield presided upon this occasion. Near to the
Chairman we observed Lord Arthur Hill, Lord M. Hill, Lord
Alvanley, Sir G. Rose, Sir C. M. Clarke, Sir A. Leith Hay,
Mr. Thessiger, Mr. Brummel, &c. Several ladies and gentle-
men gave great attraction to the entertainment by their pro-
fessional talents. Amongst these were—Miss Shirreff, Miss
Turpin, Miss Romer, Mr. C. Phillips, Mr. Charles Mathews,
Mr. Broadhurst, Mr. I'. Cooke, Mr. Balfe, Mr. Willman. Mr.
Sinclair, &c. &c. Sir G. Smart presided at the piano. Upon
the cloth being removed,
" The King." Three times three. " God save the King"
was sung most delightfully, by Miss Turpin, of Covent-

garden.
" The Queen." " The Duchess of Kent, the Princess
Victoria, and the rest of the Royal Family."

" The Army and Navy." " Rule Britannia."

The-Earl of LICIIFIELD—GentIemen, the toast I am about
to propose has direct reference to the object for which we are
Issembled, and not only assembled for our amusement, but I
hope and trust, for useful purposes.— (Cheers.) Ido assure
yoe, that there is no one who can be more anxious than myself
for its success.—( Hear.) The drama can but receive from me
a faint modicum of that praise which I think it deserves. I
do not look upon it with the mere eye of pleasure—l do not
regard it as merely valuable, as a relaxation from the toils of
business-_I do not look upon it as a mere amusement for our
idle hours ; it is not on these grounds I admire the drama—l
look upon it as much more useful, as being an excellent instruc-
tor, and calculated alike to improve the heart and elevate the
mind.—( Hear and cheers.) We all know the value of the works
by our great dramatists, and lam not aware of any study from
which more useful information is to be obtained ; but when we see
the subjects on which they have written, represented on our
stage, and portrayed to the life, I am persuaded that an innpres-
slut) is often produced which never can be effaced.—( Hear, and
cheers.) lam aware that there are those who hold strict
and severe opinions concerning the drama, and who cry it down
as having a demoralizing effect. I differ in opinion with them.
I really cannot understand how that which is good, moral, and
virtuous instruction, can produce less impression of those things
that were written when they are represented to the public view
with all the powers of reality.—( Cheers.) In my opinion, the
drama if likely to be very useful to morality, showing as it
does in glowing colours all the happiness attendant upon an
honourable and virtuous life, and the miserable degradation of
'cc.—( Cheers.) In order that all the beneficial and moral
results may be produced by an accurate representation (and
which, in my mind, it is calculated to effect), I think it is
essentially necessary that those who hold a high rank in the
profession should be men of talent and education; and, as I
before remarked, their emoluments are uncertain and preca-
rious, and it is cncinnbent that these- gentlemen should main-
tain their respectability. It is therefore so much the more
necessary that they should' have some resource, or something
like to it, when old age comes on, and they can no longer fol-
low their profession ; for their profession, it is to be observed,
is not like that of many others, which can be continued to the
end of their lives.—( Hear, hear.) It is with these feelings I
have come forward—and I wish I could do it with more effect
