CIVIL LIST.

On the motion of Sir H. PARNELL, Sir James
Graham and Lord Lowther were added to tie Committee
appointed to inquire into the expenses of the Civil List, •
Mr. Brougham hhortly after I,ft the House, as did al.
tr►ost every Member.

Petitions were presented from several places against the
abolition of negro slavery, and against the, return of
Members for various places, on the ground of undue election.
The House adjourned at Five o'clock till to-morrow.

SOUT II WA RK ELECTION.-- Haildbilla have
been extensively circulated for some days past throughout
the borough of Southwark, calling on the electors and the
friends of Reform to come forward and adopt such mea-
sures as were best calculated to secure the election of Mr.
Hour, as one of the Representatives in Parliament. A
meeting of about 150 persons was held last evening, at the
King's Arms, in the Borough. Shortly afttr the chair
was taken, an elector rose and asked, if, when the applica-
tion had been made to Mr. Iluwr, at the Rotunda, in
Illaciariars-read, to offer himself as a candidate for the
representation of the borough of Sourliwerk, he did not
say that the electors were nothing but a set of guttlers and
rulers, and that be would have nothing to do with theta?
Six persons rose in succession, four of whom declared they
heard 31r. Hurry make use of the expression, and two
most flatly contradicted it. The elector then Stated, that it
woul I reflect eternal disgrace on the borough if Mr. HUNT
was solicited to come forward as their reprisentative in
Parliament. A scene of considerable uproar here ensued, and
thee Chairman, finding it impossible to procure order, moved
that the meeting be adjourned, which was marled.
Tint LATE 11.101 IT HON. W. HUSICISSON.
—The will of this distinguished and lamented Statesman
was proved on Monday; and the personal property of the
dppeased sworn under 60,0001. An !Aare at Bromsgrove,
in *orcestershire, lett to Mr. 11., we believe, by his ma•
ternal great uncle, Dr. Opt, has bequeathed to his brother,
General Ilusxtssost. All the residue, with the exception
of a pecuniary remembrance to his other brother, Caranr.es
tiusx„sox, Esq., and a few trifling legaciwt, is left to
Ilusxprfotr. This include* Iris beautiful and favourite
villa 4`. garOam, near Chichester, which, he purchased
about thirty years ago, of Mr. Haney, the poet, and
biographer of Cewrxx, and had
Thecodicil,
icrOila,dewehulhesherlioelenet4ltycuctt)enti•
siderattle additions to.
immediately after the fatal accident which deprived the
country of his invaluable services, merely
secures to his
widow any property acquired by him sine the execution
of his will, wttic4 is (Lard in 15.”. His signature to it
is, considering the cireurnetancrl under wits -h it'was
written, astonishingly firm anti clear. A second, but nit
signed, codicil of the same day confirms the nomination or
the Rev. l. 04.9t!pieN, Vicar of fitziert in Kent ;
ALTIANUNIt AiILNR) Ii ti,, of the (443 of woods sod
Forests; and Jamas Beano= FitkitLAND, of Chichester,
Esq., to be his executers. The codicils mire both wit-
messed by Lord WILTON, Viscount aitANVILI,OO and Mr.
