eVeti tti the entitatiet to *bleb he etincid-Otti Idtif
Victoribtis btinners.

" Frenchmen !--,What is become of your inliqa
mCrable armies ? What of your Mil'tary
Where are. those legions which were yo.ic prtiej
and which seemed to ensure your pro:pt/i.y for
ever ? What scourge has carried them off I' Al
are stink into a dhairful abyss. Ten ye Its ago
your frontiers seemed to bid deflapce to attack
now they are invaded. Dirope admired you then
—see what you are now. When put eyes ova,
'look the globe, they can discover sctircei 4 single
friendly people, and every, where they meet vrith
countries which are the graves of thousands of
Frenchmen.

" Who is the anthor of so many evils A man
who is not a :Frenchman by birth ; by what ill
fate is he to become your master and your
scourge ? The commencement of his military
career was marked by a bloody scene in the
walls of Paris ; then you had. to' reproach him
with the death of '40,000 brave men, whom he
meant to sacrifice in another part if the globe to
his purpose, of hecoMing Emperor of the East..
Deceived in his hope he left his army, and while
he suffered. his comrades to perish in the burning
deserts of Lybia, he. himself, in order to return to
France, violated the law of quarantine Whieh St.'
Louis had observed.

" Unhappily so many acts of violence were rem
warded with the Consular dignity, and soon after
the Imperial purple.
" After he had attained the supreme power he
promised France eternal repose, and Europe
peace. You believed him. What has he done to •
fulfil your hopes ? broken every treaty as ,soon as
he had made it.
" This Peace-maker of the world has carried
death and desolation into
.Spain, and. made you
the instrument of -his ambition. You have seen
how he sowed,. the seeds of cbscord betweett the
father and. the son : how he then appeared in
Bayonne as mediator, promising, in the Pare of
Europe, to allay the quarrel which he himself had
inflamed ; and how den, alledging the paternal
dignity, and the respect due to grey hairs, he
robbed both of their dignity; 'sending •the one to
prison, and.the other to exile.
" .Europe was still silent, stnpified by so many
horrors ; but so far was the patience of the Princes
and People from satisfying the man whose yoke
you bear, that liis ambition seemee only to be in-
creased by .it. We saw him annihilate his own
work—fall upon his allies'as upon' his enemies ;
tear one of his brothers from the throne which
he had himself created ; rob
_another of part of
the\ dOminions which he ,cad given him. We saw
how he made the incorporaton, the overthrow
of one country follow that of another, and in his
. convulsive rage robe Eprope of the last illusion
of a durable State, with which it seemed to con-
sole itself. 2

At laSt he was at the goal when lie left his
dominions to lead the French . 700 leagues from
their country, and by this gigantic ent'erprie
realize all that is related of the conquerors of All-
tlilltitV. • At this period of his adversity, ‘vi,el the
dawn of freedom rose upon Europe, what did.you
think of him :who, after..suck various miseries and
sufferings which he had brought u pan the ripest
army, left in time .abyss of destruction,' into
he Lad p!unged it ? What did you say at the. Ge-
neral who thus betrayed lkis 'unhappy soldiers,
and abandoned them in immense deserts of lit”tv,
without food, without clothing, without a guide ?

" Behold here the miserable remains of an
army but lately so fine, stretched out upon the
ice, perishing by the three, fold death of cold,
famine, and wounds ! See the author of all the
sufferings of these wretches, renounce every sen-
timent of pity, thinking only on his flight, bevet
ventures to appear befOre you, to demand from
you new exertions, new levies of troops.
" He has obtained but too many. Again have
200,009 Frenchmeti_perished to drench tvirli their
blood the soil ofGerneany, whose inhilhit ants loved
the French and did not resolve upon revenge-till
after 13 years of ill-treatment and disgrace. -
vine justice has baffled the last efforts of expirini.7
tyranny. The. painful sacrifices which you have
again made have not been able to stop the pro-
grees of your misfortunes.
,
" Frenchmen, Germany is free ; but
Napoleon, driven back to the natural boundaries
of your empire;will require from you new sacri-
fices.. To obtain them he will tell you'that the
Allies intend to divide France, and he Ivho wish-
ed to bring under his yoke all nations, from
Naples to Stockholm; from Lisbon to Moscow,
wily talk to you of 'the boundless ambition of his
Adversaries. But your reason will teach who is
the author of the war, whether it is he who,svith-
out remission, carries war into all countries and
nations, or those who have only repelled a hos,
tile attack, and•pursued the aggressor.
" The Allies will not divide- Frarwe. They
desire it to be independent-itself, and to aeknow-
ledge the independeßce of all other nations. .They-
offer it peace they demand it, because the world
requires it, and because they make it their :41-)ri
to end the miseries of the world. They msk peitce
from the French Senate, and if the Senate sloes
not venture to decide for this peace, universally
desired, they demand it of the Armies anal of the
People, exhausted in its -population, loaded with
taxes, wounded in its noblest feelings, robhed nt
its children, whose industry is fettered, and v,-los,
since Napoleon has governed it, has neither
peace for the present, nor security for the infure.
" Frenchmen ! look around you—the abyss is
still open—the hand which plunges you inot it.is
still lifted !—Shall it throw the last of you, in ?
Will you permit the whole population. of your
country to perish ? And .rlo not you perceive that
nothing can better the inhuman man- whom Tate
has hurried over you % In the wide c)-cumfere.ice
of the beautiful, once happy France, where is ae
man who enjoys his freedom, his life, and whine
the commands of Napoleon have not reached ?
" Compel him, then, to conclude the peace
-which is required
.from you. On the other hand,
should the dreadful evils which. result from a ty-
rannical Government, prevent the French People.
and its Armies from declaring• for peace, the Al-
lies_must- lament that they. cannot reach the Op-
pressor of France, but through a People whom
• they esteem, and even-then their motto will be—

War ibith fhe tAviotaiat# of the ter, 1601
4eaLe anti friendship with delivered Frante,"

Lk.vDsv, Fsa. 28.--=Acconnts received !his
Irotil the fruntiers of Belgium, sty, that
'there. :ire at Aus moment conferences between
the i.it:l.erJl, commanding the blockade of Ant-
werp and tue Governor of the plact , and
.that
they relate to pi oposais for the;urrender.
We 1.;!:. rh •t the Governor Las turned 2200
poor people out of the ttlwiil and Sianifiel ti) the
intuit .7..ntsi tha. z oose w'io thtihl tint furnish
t, 'Vet with provisions for three months might
expect die sine fate.
The Goveinnient:has just received official news
of the occupation of Sas de Gaud. Pie garrison
are prisr.:,ers st.:Avar.
LIEGk,, FEB. 21 General Strogonoff left us
yesterday tor Huy. A eat tiumber of troops
ere also gone thut er..W*every moment expeet
the Crown Prince of SiVeden.

BRUSSELS, FEB. 23.—A detithinent from the
third German corps, consisting of Saxon troops,
and one reginrent of .Cossacks, \under the com-
niand of Colonel GuiSmar, has taken possession
Of Cortrayi Neinen, and Cassel. After an en-
gagetnent, which -Proved glorious for the Allies,
near the last mentioned place, the enemy's ret.teat
was so cry rapid, that he was obliged to leave ;
ten pieces of artillery behind him. A great num-
ber of prisoners Were taken, and many Spaniards
released, who were itrmediately supplied with
arms, and joined the 'corps. The inhabitants
evince the best spirit, and receive their deliverers
With the greatest gratitude. Col. Von Geismai•
is in pursuit of the enemy. Excepting Antwerp,J!
dint a few fortified places on the coast, the Ne-
therlaads are entirely cleared of the enemy.
Baussacs, FEB. 24.—The Swedish and Rus-
sian Army, which is at present under the lame-
diate command of the Prince Royal of Sweden,
is h.,stming by forced marc!!es to- the Maese, for
the purpose of penetrating further into France,
along-that river. The advanced gdard, command-
ed by ticn. Stroeonotr, arrived two days ago at
Nansens.. All the divisions of this corps d'artnee,
which at present consists of 40,000 men, are
successively to pass through that town. The
Uns, ; Pc, nce is expected to fix his head-quarters
thei on the 2fith, when the Allied Armies will,'
act in the most vigorous manner on our frontiers.
It appears, that Duke of Saxe Weimar is
appointed to push through krench Flanders, Ar-
tois, at t Picardy, into France. The Prussian
General Vnii Bulmi• is to march by the way of
Vales; ennes and Quesnae, in order afterwards
to ;•!ect his march a:, Cambray and Peroune ;
o.ad whilst this is taking place on the right wing
and centre of the arniy, it is supposed that the
Crown Prince will march on Plitlipperville and
Gevet, and from thence proceed into the heart of
Champagne, and €0 march direct upon -Paris.—
The corps of General %Vinzingerode, which may
be considered as belonging to the Crown Prince's
army, is already in the vicinity. of Soisons, and
sends its-Cossacks as far as the Castle of ,Vilets
Colereto, which fornierly belonged to the Duke
of Orleans.,
_ _

The present state of affairs on the frontiers of
Old France is as follows : General Maison has
succeeded in provisioning Lisle for some months.
Valenciennes has scarcely provisions for six
weeks. In both these important fortresses,
there is scarcely a third part of the requisite arta-
lexv :and ammunition .for their defence. Their
weak. garrisons consist entirely of discontented
ui ttional guards, who lately laid in Picardy and
Normandy. The only
.military force on which
the Fic,,ch Government can place any reliance,
consists Hof the corps of General Maison,.which
is about 7 or.Booo men strong ; and with regard
to the other fortresses, they are totally deficient
oi all means of . defenCe. The French have left
weak garrisons in Ostend, Nieuport, and Ypres.

FRONTIERS or ITALY, FEB. 111---On passing
thq Aligu, Count Bellegarde, the Austrian Ge-
neral, adtiii•sed a Proclamation
.to the people of
italv, in which, after mentioning the deliverance
of fkrmany, and that " the King of Naples had
resolved to join the Allied Powers, and support
the cause of general peace,, with all his force, as
well as by his great military talents," he pro-
ceeds as follows :
‘• The fate of Italy is now no longer doubtful.
We pass the Adige; We enter as the friends of your
country. -We come to protect legitimate rights,
and to re-establish what force and ambition have
destroved. The Alps must become anew iv ha t
they formerly were, the frontiers of your country;
and the routes which conducted to dependence
and slavery must be again closed.
" You, Pied-montese, whom nature and your
courage has destined to be the first bulwark of
happy Italy, take unarms : assemble under the
standards of your King ; his courage and firm-
ness promise yon the return of those happy days:,
which you enjoyed under the august House of
Savoy. .

" NobleTuseans, people faithful and indus-
lriOns, arise. if our arms disturb fir a moment
your peaceful habitations, it is only to restore to
you the august a:n! paternal government of which
the loss has constantly excited your regret. Join
your force to oar's, and you shall soon see your
cherished Princes return, and with them the fine
arts, the sciences, and the blessings of peace.
People of Italy, the magnanimous intentions
of the Allied Princes are to re-erect, as far as the
change of circumstances gill permit, the old so-
cial edifice of Europe on,the. same 'oases which so
long fortned.its 'glory and its honour.
" You Will, therefore, again behold that an-
cient House of Este flon:ish among; yon, whose
reign forms the most Illiiliant epoch of your
bistory. .
" That city, immortal on a twofold account,
the capita', of the v- shall no longer remain
the second city of a t ort:iga empire, hut shall be
again the 11C Chri-tian world.-
The Viceroy arriked on tin!. Gth at Cremona,
whence, iL is lielievcn, he wi:i take the route for
Genoa at the titan of the French army ; the Ita-
lian troop; remink for the defence of the fortresses:
Count •Bellegarde went-oil the Gth to Bologna,
to col,,plitnent the 1 nig of N. ales ; On this ocea-.
slot} there was a grand dinner auc;

Coma, Dellegarde has writteo.a very polite let-
LC' the Vi.caoy, iu svbictt, ailer stating teat he

liff
conehment, be invites hbr to renthin at Milan.
The greatest tranquility reigns in Milan; where
the Allies were hourly expected:
VERoNA, Firs;. lo.—The French quitted us on
the.4th, leaving a garrison 0f.500 men in the
old castle ; and the Austrians entered the same"
day. The Viceroy could not conceal his chagrin
on his departure ; it -eNcited the more sympathy,
as he could not,. as a man of honour, and being
only the depository of the crown, declare for the
cause of Europe. The Vice-Queen departed for.
Genoa, with her family. •
The Viceroy, it appears, could not effectuate
hiaretreat $o speedily as he imagined. Ott the
7th, he :Marched with 15,000 chosen troops on
the side of gOzzolo,' on the banks of the Mincio,,
to n)ipose the passage of that river by the Austrian
Army: he division Merville, and some batta-
lions, bad Already effected their passage, when
they were attacked by an enemy greatly superior
in number..... The whole 'of the ith and Bth were
spent in futious fighting; the Auitrian main body
could not come .up till the 9th. 'Our troops,
. however, • maintained theadselves, :though with
considerable loss': Peneral Quo.-idanovreh was
Wounded. The•.enemy's loss was 'still greater ;
• the Italian Guards especially su&red; The whole
-Army; with the exception of the blockading
corps of Mantra, •Pesehiera;Venice, and Legaago,
and the Army of the king of Naples, is now
assembled to the 'number of between. 40 end
50„000 Men, on both banks of the Miucio. The
bead-quarters- are at Valleggio.
