concerned, they make bitter bad legislators. Was there ever
an occasion of the majority of the Bishops found voting in fa-
vor of the people? For every gagging Bill and every coercion
Bill they are ready to vote, but they are ever opposed to mea-
sures 'flaying for their object the freedom of the human race.
Why then should they be continued in Parliament ? I see no
reason for it.—( Cheers.) Now a word for the Lords. I ask
you can you be free if 120 irresponsible men have power to put
a stop to all geri.A measures ?—( Cheers.) Peel told me the
other night that the Peers were responsible to God. What
is the use of that to man ? I will give you an instance
what these Lords have done. There was a Bill introduced
to snake coal cheap. Had it passed, you men of Rochester
would have had your coals at a very low price indeed; but it
did not pass, for Lord Londonderry bad an interest in having
coals dear, and therefore it was rejected. Then, as to Ire-
land, it is now evident there is no hope for good legislation
while the Lords continue in their present state. There is but
one remedy. The people of England, Ireland, and Scotland
must combine to make their voices heard at Windsor, and that
voice must exclaim, " Create a sufficient number of Peers to
reform the House of Lords."—( Cheers.) Englishmen, you
are slaves so long as the House of Lords continue irrespon-
sible as at present. Why should these men trample upon our
liberties? Are they better than us in any respect? No—l
will take ten mechanics, and I will be surprised if they do not
prove the equals in information and natural ability of any ten
Peers amongst them. Go into any part of the country, and
in any assembly of the people, you will find a more intelligent
and better-looking set of fellows than the House of Lords.
I say, then, you reformers of every class, stand by the Whig
Government, and oppose the Tories.—( Cheers.) Your own
fate is in your hands. You will be slaves as long as the Lords
are tyrants; and they will be tyrants as long as you will let
them.—( Loud and continued cheering greeted Mr. O'Connell
on concluding this address.) .
The procession then formed again into line, and conducted
Mr. O'Connell back to the Bull Inn. The greatest order was
preserved throughout, and although thousands followed the
procession, no accident occurred.
THE DINNER.

The entertainment took place in a large tent, erected spe-
cially for the occasion, in the court-yard of the Bull Inn.
About 300 sat down to table, the chair being occupied by T.
Bentley, Esq., supported on his right by Mr. O'Connell, and
on the left by T. Hodges, Esq.,.M. P.:. in its immediate vi-
cinity were Major Wayth, Alderman Cooper (Canterbury),
Mr. Shaw, Mr. Drummond, &c. &c.
On the cloth being removed, grace was said by the Chair-
man, who, after a pause for some few moments, rose and gave
the usual loyal toasts.
The CHAIRMAN then said, the next toast I propose--" Lord
Melbourne and his Majesty's Ministers," will, I am sure, meet
with your hearty concurrence.
This toast elicited loud cheers, and was well responded to.
The CHAIRMAN—The next toast is the health of two gen-
tlemen with whom you are closely connected, the Representa-
tives of the city and borough of Rochester, from one of whom
I have a letter regretting his inability to attend, on account of
the pressure of business in Parliament, where, as you know,
he holds an important and honourable situation. The other we
have the pleasure to see present.--( Cheers.)
Mr. TWISDEN HODGES returned thanks for himself and col-

league.
The CHAIRMAN then gave "The health of Daniel O'Con-
nell, and justice to Ireland."
The announcement of this toast elicited loud bursts of ap-
plause from all parts of the booth, and it was many minutes
before silence was restored.
Mr. O'CONNELL, in returning thanks, spoke to the follow-
ing effect :—Gentlemen, I stand here before you this day be-
cause, in my humble judgment, we are arrived at a species of
crisis in the English history which requires of every man,
however humble his talent or circumscribed his sphere of action,
to stand forward, and boldly, manfully, and unhesitatingly to
give expression to the political opinions he entertains. Upon
the last division on the question of Irish Municipal Reform,
there was a majority of the English Members, of those Eng-
lish Members chosen under the Peel and Wellington Ad-
ministration, in favour of Ireland and its demand for jus-
tice. How much the better are we for it ? In some re-
spects, truly, we are the better for it. In the first place, it
has drawn from us the strongest expression of gratitude ; and
we should be depraved, indeed, if it were not so.—(Loud
cheers.) Look to the state of Ireland for the last half year,
and then let me ask you if the, people of that country have not
taken the best means to evince their gratitude to you ? The
Assizes are at present going on in Ireland, but both
judges and grand juries have nearly sinecure offices.—(Loud
cheers.) This is the way the Irish people show their grati-
tude._( Cheers.) But I was going on to tell you the several
measures the House of Commons had passed during the pre-
sent Session. There was the Imprisonment for Debt Bill,
and the Chancery Reform Bill, most excellent measures ;
they were kicked out by the House of Lords. There was
then the Bill to make coals a little cheaper. That was kicked
out by the House of Lords. And why? Because my Lord
Londonderry said it would affect his interests.—( Hear, hear.)
How, then, stands the case in consequence of this determina-
tion on the part of their Lordships? The Government of this
great island are at a complete stand-still.—( Loud cheers.)
Is not this the common-sense view of your situation ?—( Hear,
hear.) And will you Englishmen bear this state of things ?
( Loud cries of " No, no.") I tell you your ancestors would
not have borne Cheers.) I tell you that when Kings
attempted to trample upon the liberties of_ your ancestors
they nobly vinditated it. And I tell you, moreover, theft if
you will not follow theireenehle example, they should rise in
their shrouds from the neighbouring church-yards, and re-
prsaeh you with your degeneracy.—(Loud cheers.) The pre-
sent is a question of tyranny or slavery. If the House of
Lords is to remain in its present position, what better are
you than slaves ?—( Cheers. ) What is slavery? Subject
to irresponsible power, and the commands of a master.
Englishmen, you never yet owned a master--will you now?
—( Loud cheering.) It is these Lords and their fellows
that have brought the Government of the country to a
stand still. It is these Lords and their fellows who have
rejected every good and humane measure sent up to them
during the past session. It is these Lords and their fel-
lows that would suffer from the connection of one great
limb of the' British empire—will you hear the continuance
of such a domination? I answer for you, never.—(Loud
cheers.) lam the apostle of that system of political agi-
tation, that says no good can result from crime. The Lords
have proclaimed that they will make you submit to their
dictation. I ask, you, Englishmen, shall it be so ?
( Loud cries of " No, no, no.';) The remedy is in
yourselves alone, and if you arc slaves, you yourselves
will alone be to blame for it. But T know well you
will unite in throwing off the yoke : you have England
with you—you have Scotland with you, and you have the
long oppressed and no less generous people of Ireland with
you.—( Loud cheers.) You need not thank us for this. We
have too many reasons to abhor Toryism, to be praised for
resisting Toryism. What with you is mere robbery, as-
sumes a far more detested guise with us. With you it as-
sumes the shape of bloated pluralists, and over-fed bishops;
of admirals who never saw a fight, and generals of renown
who are not fit to be drum-boys ;of judges who know no
law ;of Lords of the Admiralty who never saw a cock-boat ;
and of Chancellors of the Exchequer whose person is hide-
ous, and whose voice alone resembles the creakings of a
hurdy-gurdy. In Ireland it has another shape. There it
turns out in martial array, with police and military, headed
by very reverend deans, robbing the widow and the orphan ;
and in too many cases, while the feet are dabbling in the
blood of the slaughtered child, the hands are held 'forth to
the distracted mother for the paltry balance of a three shil-
ling and fourpence tithe-account. Such has been the state
of things in Ireland. Say, Englishmen, will you sanc-
tion its continuance.—(Loud cries of " No, no.") lam
decidedly convinced, that until we have a representative
House of Lords the cause of good Government cannot run
smoothly.—( Cheers.) I have no objection to the feather of
the Peerage, provided every man has a vote in their election.
After some further observations, which we regret we are not
able to give more at length, the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man concluded by declaring that the people of Ireland had
come to a determination not to bear the infamous tyranny with
which the House of Lords threatened them. [The Hon.
Gentleman resumed his seat amidst loud and continued cheer-
ing from all parts of the crowd.]
Shortly after Mr. O'CONNELL concluded, accompanied by
the Chairman, he left the meeting, and having mounted his
Carriage, proceeded on the road to London. His departure,
however, did not interrupt thefestivities of the evening, which
Were continued until past midnight.

The harvest in the neighbourhood of London is ex-
pected to commence this week.
MR. COLBURN'S NEW PUBLICATIONS IN JULY.
—We are requested to state that the following New Works
are published this day, by Mr. Colburn, 13, Great Marl-
borough-street, and may be had by order of all booksellers in
the United Kingdom : —l. " Sketches of English Literature,
with considerations on the Spirit of the Times, Men, and
Revolutions * By the Viscount de Chateaubriand, 2 vols. Bvo.
2.—" Mrs. Armytage, or Female Domination." By the
Authoress of " Mothers and Daughters," 3 vols. post Bvo.
3.—" The Diary of a Desennuyee, with A Peep into the
Salons of the Tuileries and St. James," 2 vols. post Bvo.
4.—" Sayings and Doings," First Series. The three vols in
one for six shillings, with engravings, being the new volume of
" Colburn's Modern Novelists." 5.—" The Violin and its
Professors, with numerous anecdotes of Paganini, Ole Bull,
&c," 7s. 6d. bound. 6.—" Captain Brenton's Naval History
of Great Britain." Nos. 1,2, 3, and 4, price ls. each.
To be completed in about 24 Numbers, with numerous fine
portraits.

- JAPHET IN SEARCH OF A FATHER.---.The
novels of Captain Marryat possess, in no ordinary degree, all
the elements of popularity; they have uniformly a freshness
and raciness of manner about them ; they are humourous,
sparkling, and full of incident. There is a reality about the
characters in " Japhet" that completely captivates the reader.
A strong resemblance to Smollett and some of our older novel-
ists may be traced
in the rapid changes, and broad, extraordi-
nary, and striking incidents of his hero, though not clothed in
so coarse a guise. This tale is decidedly the best that he has
penned.

Though allusions are frequently made in modern his-
tory to Caroline Matilda, Queen of Denmark, and sister
to George the Third of England, little has been hitherto
made public of her romantic but melancholy fate. Sir
William Wraxall was actively employed in the plans and ne-
gotiations which had for their object her restoration to the
Danish throne, and is thus enabled to remove the mystery, till
now, hanging over the name. In the final portion of this cele-
brated author's memoirs, just published, an ample account is
given of the strange misfortunes and persecution to which the
Queen was subjected. Most of the particulars recorded are
derived from the personal communications of her Majesty to
Sir William, and their authenticity is therefore tuiqueetionable.
