HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAT 19.

Mr. MANNING brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the London Docks Bill.
Mr. VAN HOMftIGH, prevented a petition from certain
individuals, members of the Hibernian Joint Stock Com-
pany resident Galway, against the Hilwrnian Joint
Stock Company Bill.—Ordered to lie o■ the table.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from Wolver-
hampton, signed by 1,379 persons, against the Friendly So-
cieties Bill.

The Hon. Member also presented a petition from Stoke-
upon-Trent, praying for the abolition of slavery.
PASSENGERS' REGULATION BILL.
On the motion of Lord F:GOWER, the Lords' Amend-
ments to the Passengers' Regulation Bill were agreed to.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition from Hull against thr
Bill for restricting the circulation of Small Notes.

CORN LAWS.
Mr. PORTMAN presented a petition from Dorchester,
against the proposed scale of Corn Duties.
Mr. BELL presented a similar petition from persons in-
terested in agriculture in the county of Northumberland.
Mr. WILLIA3IS pre.sente,l a petition from Dorchester,
against the Ale-house Licensing Bill.
Sir THOMAS GOOCH presented a. petition horn the

i, ;
feerfeh of &haq hear fluty gi. Ghtle, 6r a tit* t&
the importation of Foreign Wnol.,- ",
Mr. PORTMAN presented a petition from Wareham,
against the Act for restricting the circulation of Small
Note.

EDUCATION (IRELAND).
B. RICE brought up the Report of the, Committe,
of Education in Ireland. He observed, that two millions
and a half were expended in the professed object of pro-
moting education in Ireland; but, from the manner in which
this out, wet mployed, it rather had the effect of imped-
ing edueation, and exciting discussion and ill feeling
amongst the people of Ireland.
The Report was ordered to lie on the table.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT presented a petition from
Ourrah, King's county, against tbe Insh Vestry Act.
Lord EBRINGTON preeztted a petition from Thy.
mouth against the Unlicensed Safe of Cider.
SCIENCE OF ANATOMY-
,
Mr. IVIC/NCK pretented a petition from ths' 'Medical So-
ciety at Heading, for the removal of the imp, diments
to
the acquisition of anatomical knowledge.
the
Lord EASTNOR presented a similar petition fri.7m
city of Hereford.
ALE-HOUSE LICENSING BILL.
MALCOLNI presented petitions from Boston and
Chester agaititt the Ale-house Licensing Act.
Lord BRUCE ptteented a similar petition from the
Meglettates of Marlborough.
Mr. giCICEORD presert.l a petition from Torrington,
Salop, against the Reman Catho'!io
FRIA, TRADt.
Mr. HODHOUSE presented a petitiou from the Shoe-
makers of Westminster, praying for iitoi eepe.l of the Corn
Laws, and complaining that the principls of free trade
were applied to their trade, while the Corn glowers were
exempt from the operation of those principles. The pe-
tition ousted that a duty of 50 per cent. was taisim off
French shod, imported into this country, and Du the
last
Court day a house in Westminster, which was in the' habit
of receiving orders for 60 or 70 pair of Court shoes, le'
celled no order at all, the ladies having all worn French
shoes. The Hue. Mwiiber said he hoped that his Ma.
jestyls Ministers would not be satisfied with advocating the
theory of free trade. in future, but that they would apply
its principles to practim--The petition was ordered to lie
Lin the table, and to be printed.
Mr. HOBHOUSE likewise presented petitions from the
British Union Society and the Equitable Union Society,
against the Friendly Societies' Bill. He was glad that the
good sense of the Hon. Member who brought forward this
Bill had induced him to withdraw it. Ile had made a very
fair struggle, and might be satisfied with the conscisusnew
that its ill-success was nut attributable to any deficiency 01
zeal upon his part.
Mr. COURTENAY said, that the Hun. Gentleman wa-,
mistaken if he supposed that he had made any extraordinary
struggles to carry this measure. lie merely expressed hi-
intention to aia:nden it for the Session.
Mr. SUGDEN (ii ought up a Bill fur consolidating the
laws relative to the payinCilt of debts out of real estatree
which was read e Aria time.
Mr. HUME preserittd a petition from the Catholic in-
habitants of a pariah in Cori:, praying to be relieved from
athsei
mopilearraton of the
petition
t ionfropresent
sa- syneletepelarpi;,f.TlC,
nrgatz ; al
so,
at bolsz,
ie
alteration may be made in the Sub-letting Act.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the Catholic and
Protestant inhabitants of Bristol, praying for the repeal of
all religious tests whatever as qualifications for office. The
petition further prayed to be relieved from the greai-pre's,wre
of taxation. It further prayed for the restoration of Church
property to its original purpose, viz. the repair of churche,,'
and one-third for toe support of the poor ; and finally, the
petitioners prayed for a Constitutional Reform in the
Commons House of Parliament. He fully concurred ill
all the objects of the petition, which he hoped would re-
ceive the serious consideration of the House.

The petition was then ordered to lie on the table.
Lord NUGENT presented a petition from the inhabi
tint 6 of the borough of Sudbury, in favour of the Cotholi,;
Claims to which it had been falsely represented that they
were opposed.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE gave notice, that on 4a.F
fortnight he should draw the attention of the Ifouec to ~he
subject of the application by corporate officers of the furul'>
of corporations to electioneering- purposes. He shoul&
frame his motion similarly to that of his Hon. Friend the
Member for Northampton.
