ACCOUNT OF THE AFFAIRS or THE► YORK UANK.

Dr.
s.
To Lodgments and Balances as per Ledger 118,747 10 8
To Notes in circulation . 115,000 0 0

Total • 20x,73710 8
Cr.
By Book Accounts as per lied,gcr - 93,136 0 0
By Balance to Wakefield Bunk . 86,982 16 9
By Book Debts, part dubious) .
.8,686 13 7
By Bills, Cash, Notes, Scc. - - 6,891 10 4
By Bank Estates, Furniture, Fixtures, and
Property - , - - 9,600 0 0.
By Balance of Stamps on hand for Bills and
'Notes, not used . . 250 0 0

Total - 205,218 10 8
Deduct Debtor gide t 103,747 10

Balance . .1,491 3 0
ACCOUNT or THIC AFVAIUe OT THE 1111,ADVOILII DANL.
Dr. X s. d.
To sundry Accounts against Estates - 130,963 011
To Balance from Creditor side in favour of
Estate . 13,00 0 0
Cr.
By Balances due from sundry Persons . 121,532 /0 1
By sundry Bills and Cash in hand - 13,919 19 9
By Cash in hand on interest 702 14 6,
By sundry Promissory Notes in hand 11,644 16 11

Total . 147,300 1, 3
Deduct fur llnd Dabts 3,048 11 10

14.1,831 9 5
Deduct Debtor side . 130,933 II II

Balance in favour of estate £:1:1,0-111 0 0
Mr. DANIgI. TWEE reprobated the. practice Of using im-
proper means to gain the election. of certain gentlemen RS :14-
stgnees,.and mentioned an instance of one person promiging to.
another, that if lie would vote fhr a candidate then named, he
the expencea of proving his debt.
would pay

Mr. Carrbi next stated, that on the Monday evening they*
bad sent over to some oldie principal creditors in Bradford to
ascertain their opinion on the subject. In the course of 'riles.,
day the gentlemen from Bradford arrived; and then they 'trod?
the denotation made it their business to ace some of the'printi;
pal creditors residing in ‘Valcilleld and' the neighbourhood.:
During the conference; it appeared that tirepbjeet*oCthe,
ley Cane! Company in issuing a seentil conmilisidift9 btopen-
ed on the following Friday was to prevent:the Cretlitiapos af).,nric
from exercising' undue itifittence in the choictrbt'aeidAteeezt.,
In order, therefore' to eilay this jealousy, and tafteivette Ifni
expenco of a second comMitsloti, it was agreed
in the coarse of Tuesday, that the VOA cretliihrs-sliritittl-g4.1
rantee to the creditors at Welrefield tiftotholeei
of three assignees for each town. Upon these conditions the;
Wakefteld,aad Bradford 'creditors consented to postpone fitither
proceedings, and it now only 'remained for that •nteeting.,lo:
sanction what had been done. Mr. Cattle concluded by stating'
that he had received • a letter from Mr. Cludoner, saying that
matters had gone so far, and so many 'difficulties had arises:.
It would be impossible to supersede the commission.
The CHAIRMAN now ,observe 4. that is would be necessary
for creditors of ten pountli end upwards to put clown their
mimes, reeitiences, and amount, en paper, in order that the
same should bo transmitted to the Wakefield and Bradford
creditors, as a guarantee that the agreement respecting the
choice of assignees should he adhered to.
The fiAlowing, resolittiOns were then proposed, and carried :-
Ist. liloved by. :11r. H. GRARAU, and seconded by Mr. 1).
Tux ti—" That three persons be mimed' by the creditors of
each of the banks of York, Wakefield, and Bradford ; and that
the York creditors should vote for sties portions only as were
nominated et tile suggestion or the Bradford and Ni'aketield
creditors, together with such us they should nominate on their
orb behalf.

2d. MOved by Mr. MAsow, and seconded by Air. M.
Roo LE.—‘, That a correspondence be opened with the Wake..
field and BratliOrd creditors, for the purpose of ctirrying this
resolution into acct."

Mr. 1310ved, that a deputation or the Committeo
ajtoulti procetid to IViiketield on-the lilt of February, to attend
the choice Of Assignees. • '
The Citaittmavaubsequently informed Alio Merging, that
aPPlicatioli had been Made to the hanker in York. to' become
itt4ignee,i,•but the partneis of one firm were disqualified by act
or Parliament, and the other had 41most given a denial. 'rho
...2011n4 thefi Atijoutl9l :t4 it4onday next, at two o'clock, to
MellicOr the puriaate of eliobilOg
Thunki. worn , voted. to the ' & • d the crowd
an-tnan, c., an it,
4igliersed,

. ,
C(')Lo NI A L SLAVER-Y.-7N highly reSpnciablu
County Meeting, was held at Pell, on the 12th instant, to take',
into 'consideration the state 'of Colonial SlaVerv, .wlren several
resolutignit deprecating 'it were plastid ; and a 'Petition to•Prir:
llameat adopted, praying the two 'Hoaxes " To take the great'
work of Colonial Reform into their own hands, and, with a
just regard to the interests or all parties concerned, to redeem
their Pledge given in 1023—t0 mitigate without delay,- And to
extinguish slavery gradually, but at the earliest period coni‘ist-
ent with 'the welfare of the slaves, the safety of the colonists,
and the interests of the nation."

Fttexert Par NTlqa.—There. are eighty print-
ing establisionputs in Paris only, occupying 3000
workmen, moving 600 presses, consuming an-
nually 280,800 rooms of pappr, yielding receipt
of 8,1750,000 francs. is exclusive of the
!lige govetnment estalifishon-nt.

A French author observes, .‘c the English are
thin Hunt extraordinary people in ;the world.e—
The avidity with which they enter into a I.perti-
lation, lr.in direct proportion to the wildness of
the scheme.. rTell them of a little gold, or that
is suspected to hP' at 1110 bottom of' s fathomless
mine, filled ,with water, antne, throe or four
thoUsand miles in the interior of South America,
competing 'companies are instantly foimetl,---1
111111101144. Capital aubscrinnd,-ffiand the inind:be-
comes maddened with the hope Of distant ingots,
which perhaps exist only in imagination ; " Whilst
they possess ..within their own reach
Wealth, that can be readily obtained, by the
mere turn of a Wheel, as hi this Lottery or Six
Prizes of Twenty Thousand, all to be decided on
Wednesday, lit of ?Gril, and in Two more
Draingv Lotteries end for ever,. . , ~‘ g

THEATRICALS.

DRURY.LANE THEATRE.

TUMULT, EXTItkORDINAI&Y•-CNIII%POSITION Or
MIIS STEPHENS AND MIL. BINCLAIII.

The Opera of Guy Mannering wuN announced
for representation yesterday—tho characters of
Lucy and Henry Bertram by Mibti STCPRZNII
Mr. SINCLAIR.

A numerous audience had assembled by the time the curtain
rose, and every thing bespoke good humour ; but *hen Lucy
Bertram entered, it wits inetantly seen that .tliss Unannox
anti not Miss ST Eenries was the representative of that heroine.
flieapprobation, was expressed, and after an inefreetual attempt
to obtain a hearing, Miss CiRADDON was obliged to leave the
Stage.
After a pausa, Mr. PENVEY came forward with a playbill
in his hand. With some ditheulty he made himself audible. and
stated, that bills similar to the one then in his hand had been
posted at the doors, to announce, that, in consequence of the
sudden indisposition of Miss STEPHENS and Mr. Stiecr.arn4
their characters would be sustained by ',Miss Guantiow and
Hoax. Till now, the majority of the audience seemed to have
known but half their misfortune. The intelligence that not only
Miss STEPHENS, but Mr. SINCLAIR, Was lost to them for thei
evening, was received with strong manifestations of disappointt
meat and anger. Cries of " Shaw!" off, qp" interrupted
Mr. PENLEY and the rest of his address. lie retired, but
turned to lead on Miss GRADDON, for whom he seemed to
supplicate a hearing, but without success. lie afterwards
presented himself with papers in hie hand which-he wished td
read but the result was the 'lame. At length it was resolved to
go on with the play, and trust to the entrance of IdISTON, as
the Dwahae to set all to rights. lie entered, but the opposi.
lion became louder and more determined than ever, and the
pert4mers were again compelled to nun the boards.
Mr. I,iiv7•ox next entered as an apologist. He addressed
the house generally, but to no purpose, and then he exhibited
the letters with which he was provided to those nearest the ends
of the stage in die boxei and pit, and appeared personally to
Assure them that the misfortune of the evening was unavoitl.
able. His efforts were still unsuccessful, the former cries were
repeated with additional expressions of reproach, and the tumult
rose toa heightlately Wiusessed in it playhouse since, the me-
morable 0. P. row in 109.

The Manager having been repeatedly called for, Mr. ELLts-
TON, jun., presented himself, and the noise basing abated, lie
expressed his regret for what had occurred, but said, those who
were dissatisfied, if they chose to leave the House, should have
their money returned. This. called forth some applause, and
he,afterwards succeeded in making it understood that he held
in his, hand the certificate of Air. Sinclair's indisposition.
gigs, Stephens, he added, was unable to ;whim, from the
dangerous situation in which tier father lay ; he was extremely
ill, andeupposed by his friends to be at the point of death.
,After this appeal, the hostility of the audience subsided, and
but few availed themselves of the offer which had been made to
return, the admission money. Ahiss GOADDONI who was ex-
cessively agitated, commenced the part of Lucy, and without
further aecitleot the Opera arrived at the conclusion of the first
act. A long pause succeeded. The audience became again im.
Patiam, when ELLIIITON7 jun. again claimed their at-
tention as an apologist. lie said, on receiving the certificate
of Mr, SINCLAIII, 110111.1 had been sent for but had not
yet arrived. Under these circumstances a (Junkman in the
Company, who had,repeatedly acted the part in the country,
had offered Lila services-4" Name liim,name him.")—lt was a
Mr. YARDLEY—(aO7m upplanse)—and with their permission
the ~Play would.proceed, and he would act the character of
No opposition was made to Mr. YAIIDLEY's being the hero
of the night, unit lie shortly afterwards commenced his arduous
task,, which, considering the disadvantages under which he
laboured, he very creditably perhinued. His voice is pleasing
but not very powerful, and his trepidation in the earlier scenes
evidently precluded Itint from doing justice to his own posers.
lie, however, 'net with a favourable reception.—Miss uaAo.
nos was very successful in sonic parts 43 Lucy, and Lte'ro/4
administered all the consolation lie could fur the misheps of
die evening in Dominic Sampson.
