part of tile 3d literiCil. corps which liatt inacie- the
attack.

• "•The bridge of Acker was already re-estti4
hushed, and every preparation made to cross the
tabe by main force, when accounts aiTived that
the Emperor Napoleon had made several corps if
his army, retrograde, and hacl re-assembled his
troops between Duben. and Wertzen The pre-
sence, however, of two corps between Dessau,
Wittenberg, and Duben, excited a suspicion • that
he intended to strike a grand blow, after having
Changed his plans : but being continually watch-
ed, all his movements were ascertained. and
those of the army of the North of Germany
were regulated accordingly. That army marched
on the isth of October upon Halle. The Em-
peror conceiving that it was going to re-cross
the Saale, concentrated his army in the vici-
nity of Leipsic. The grand army of Bohemia,
commanded in chief by Prince Schwartzeuberg,
approached that city at the same time, and every
moment rendered the situation of the French army
worse. On the 16th Of October, the army of the
North of Germany; instead of marching upon the
Saale, moved to the left, and directed its march
upon Landsberg. General' Blucher, who had al-
ready marched npowSnkenditz, moved upon Frey-
roda and Radefeld, where he, the 'same day, at-'
tacked. the enemy, and, compelled him, after an
obstinate engagement, to fall back behind the
Partha. lie took, upon this occasion, 2000 pri-
soners, an'eagle, and :30 pieces of cannon.
" Every account announced that the Emperor
Napoleon would attack the army of Silesia next
clay with the greater part of his united forces.—
The army of the North of Germany put itself in
march on the lith, at two in the morning, from
its position at Landsherg, and, at an early hour,
arrived upon the heights of Breitenfeld, where it
encamped. That day was tranquil. The follow-
in., morning Prince \Valiant of Prussia and Gen.
Blucher joined the Prince Royal: His Royal
Highness was informed, that the army of Bohe-
mia would attack the enemy that clay, and he re-
solved .to take a vigorous part in the attack. He
concerted with General Blucher, th...t the army
of the North should proceed upon Taucha,. to
form a junction by its left with the army-of Gene-
ral Bennigsen, and that General Count Langeron's
corps should act, during the day, under the orders'
of his •Royal Highness. A cannonade was heard
a-few moments after, in the direction of the army'
of Bohemia, and the troops marched in order to
pass the Partite. General Bulow's corps, and
General Winzingerode's cavalry, which formed the
extreme left, proceeded upon Taucha. The Rus-
sian army, whose advanced •guard was commanded
by Lieut.-General Count Woronzolf, forded the.
stream, near Grasdorth The Swedish army passed
between that place and Plaussig. Already, on the
preceding 'evening, Gen. Winzingerode had caused
Taucha to be occupied, and took in that place 3 of-
fiCers and 400 men: The enemy, lrwever, perceiv-
ing all the iniportance of that point, had dislodged
the Cossacks, and occupied the village in consi-
derable force. General Baron Palen, bravely
supported by Colonel Arnoldi, of the horse artil••
lerv, who had lost a leg on this oecasion,•made a
brilliant charge, seized the village, surrounded
two Saxon battalions that %vete there, and wade
them prisoners. The cavalry then advanced, and
effected a junctiori• with the. advanced guard of
General Neipperg, forming part of an Austrian
division, commanded by General Count Bubna,
belonging to General Bennigsen's arniY. The
Het tma n i'lutoff arrived‘ )i
llitinteitiltise snif:nter,tte
Imperial
herLtl
hits
Cossacks, a few
Highness the Grand Duke Constantine.
" The enemy, who had abandoned the village
of Paunsdorf, vigorously attacked it again with
infantry and .several batteries.
.General Bulow's
corps, which just came up, was ordered to attack
that village. It was carried with great bravery.
The enemy commenced a brisk cannonade. Se-
veral Russian and Prussian batteries returned'the
fire, and covered th. twelves with glory. The
Russian cavalry, with Genet als O'Rourke, Man..
teak, Pahlen, Benkendorti., and Chostaks. at
their head, remained several burrs exposed to
the fire of one hundred pieces of artillery, with
the most determined content pt. of death which
uppalled the enemy. Towards three o'clock, he be-
gan to debonche his masses from the villages
of Sellershausen and Vollonersdorff. The Prince
Royal ordered the Russian cavalry to charge. The
movement of the enerny.was slackened, and lie lost
four pieces of cannon, and re-entered the villages.
A few moments after, General Mantenffle was
struck with a cannon ball, of which he is since
dead. This accomplished officer is universally-re-
gretted.
" Our columns were moving upon Leipsic,
when strong masses of the enemy were seen de-
hunching between Molka and Eoglesdorif, thre.,t-
ening to turn our left. general Blucher, who
happened to be placed before the village of Stet-
Wits, ordered his troops to make a trout move-
rnent, which was executed by Gen. Count Neipperg,
and theencmy was thus placed'in the presence of his
division. ASaxon officer of artillery had already pass-
ed over to us with 10 pieces of cannon. The troos
placed at that point did net appear to. suffi-
ciently numerous.. It was
,necessary to reinforce
them., The Prince of Hesse Homburg was or-
dered to proceed thither, and be executed his
movement with the precision and regularity of n
parade. General Bulow charged anti seized the
villages of Stunts and Sellershausen, which were
strongly occupied and protected with_ cannon.—
The resistance was obstinate j the Prussian troops
maintained themselves there during the night, in
defiance of the repeated fefforte, of the enemy.
This attack decided'the results of the day.on that
side. .• 'flue enemy, however, continued to advance
upon our left, in order to arrest our. march upon
Leipsic. As there was a want of artillery iii that di-
rection, the 'Prince Royal directed the Russian
General Baron de Witt to invite on his part, the
officer 'Commanding the. Saxon batteries, to lend
the use of his artillery until the arrival of the bat-
teries of the army, which were detained in the de-'
files.. This officer having already served tinder the
Prince, hastened to do so, and the •10 pieces in-
tended a little before to consolidate the slavery of
Germany, were afterwards emplo)ed to secure its
independence. This example should prove to con-
querors•, that the terror which they. inspire termi-
nates with the power which has ereatel it.. Colo-
