CHARGES.

William Horsman, Esq., Medical Surgeon and Medical
Storekeeper, ordered in arrest by the Governor in Council of
Fort Saint George, on the following Charges :
For embezzlement in the Price charged and malmsation in
office, in the purchase of Medical Stores, by making an over-
charge in the Price of the following Articles, in his Accounts
Particular and Abstract Account Current or Bills :
First—ln his charge for the article of Castor Oil, in his Ac-
counts Particular, and Abstract Accounts Current for the
months of July, August, September, and October, 1818, he
having in those Accounts Particular, and Abstract Accounts
Current, charged for that article at the rate of rupees one, annas
nine, and pice six, (R. 1 A. 9 P. 6) per 'bottle, whereas it was
then procurable in the market at Madras, or its vicinity, of an un-
exceptionable quality, for the suni of annas ten (A. 10) per bottle.
Second.—ln his charge for the article of Arrack in his Ac-
counts Particular, and Abstract Accounts Current for the
month of July, 1818.
He having in that Account Particular, and Abstract Ac-
count Current, charged at the rate of one rupee (r. 1) 'per bottle,
whereas the said article was at that time procurable by the Corn-
missariat of an unexceptionable quality, at the rate of annas
four and pice nine (a. 4 p. 9) per bottle, or 'at a rate less than
annas five (a. 5) per bottle. . •
Third.—For an overcharge•in the article of Nitre.
He having charged in his Account Particular, and Abstract
Account Current for the month of October, 1818, the sum of
annas seven and pice four (a. 7 p. 4) per pound, and at a. 5 p. 6
per pound.
hcreas the said article was sold to him in the month of
June, 1818, by the Superintendent of the Gunpowder Manu-
factory (and was at all times procurable from the same depot),
of a quality sufficiently calculated for the purpose of Medical
Stores, at the rate of one anna four pice and thirteen cents (a. 1
p. 4 cts. 13) per pound.
Fourth.—For disobedience of orders, in having procured a
supply of Opium in the year 1818 and 1819, in a way different
from that prescribed in General Orders, and in a way calculated
to give rise to abuses in the procurement of that article.
The said William Horsman, Esq. having in the above in-
stances of overcharge acted in violation of his solemn oath, and
in all, to the prejudice of good order and military discipline,
and in breach of the Rules and Articles of War.

By order of his Excellency the Commander in Chief,
(Signed) T. 11. S. CONWAY,
Adjutant-General of the Army.

FINDING AND SENTENCE.

The Court having maturely weighed and considered the
whole of the evidence, which has been brought before it in sup-
port\ of the prosecution (against William Horsman, Esq.) to-
gether with what he has urged in his defence, " for embezzle-
ment and malversation in office," has come to following
opinion :
In respect to the Lt Charge, the Court finds therprisoner not
guilty, and does therefore most fully and honourably. acquit
him of the same.

In respect to the 2d Charge, the Court finds the prisoner not
guilty, and does therefore fully and honourably acquit him of
the same.

In respect to the 3d Charge, the Court finds the prisoner not
guilty, and does therefore fully and honourably acquit him of
the same.

In respect to the 4th Charge, the Court finds the prisoner
(William linesman, Esq.) guilty in part, viz. Disobedience of
the General Order by Government, dated 28th August, 1807,
but such disobedience appearing to the Court to have proceed-
ed from inadvertence, and not with an intention of abusing the
confidencc! of Government, does therefore sentence him the pri-
soner (William linesman, Esq.) to be admonished by his EX-
cellency the Commander-in-Chief, in such manner as he may
think proper.
(Signed) J. DOVETON, Major-Gen.
(Signed) J. NIXON, Capt. Ist Regt. and President.
N. I. Officiating Deputy-
Judge Advocate.
Approved and confirmed,
(Signed) 'l'. HISLOP, Lieut.-Gen.
In carrying into effect the award of the Court on the fourth
charge adduced against the prisoner, the Commander-in-Chief
is pided entirely by tin: sentiments which the Court express
in reference thereto, which he considers to suggest the slightest
degree of admonishment, and which is hereby passed on the
prisoner accordingly.
(Signed) T. lIISLOP, Lieut.-General.
The General Court-Martial assembled at Fort St. George,
of which Major-General Sir John Doveton, K.C.B. is PresL.
sident, is dissolved. T. H. S. CONWAY,
Adjutant-General of the Army.

CHAPEL ROYAL, ST. JAMES'S.—Yesterday
being the Anniversary of the Epiphany, or the
Manifestation of our Loan and SAvioult to the
Gentiles, the same was observed at the Chapel
Royal, in St. James's, at the early service at
eight o'clock in the morning, for the presentation
of the three boxes of Gold Frankincense and
Myrrh, in imitation of the Wise Men of the East.
The ceremony took place at that early hour or
account of the day happening on Sunday, that it
should not interfere with the regular full Morn-
ing Service, when a Sermon was preached by the
Rev. Mr. HAMILTON. The Anthem was corn.
posed by Mr. A-n -voob; the words from the
Collect for the day.

FOREIGN INTFiLIAGENCE

PARIS,,JAII. 4.—The Kiug presided yestertraii
at a Council of Ministers.

M. Lourcioueix; one of the Committee of Cerk-
sors, is appointed chief of one of the brauche,..o, ..
the liome-office, and his duties will embrace_the
supervision of the theatres, the, journals, the. arts,
the lyceums, and the bolte,s-/ettre.v.
An official statement estimates the increase,of
population in France: at 572,749
the last three years. The. whole populatius& iO.
said to amount to 30,407,907.
A scandalous scene took place on Tuesday on
the Boulevard of Mount Pat-name, M***,'
app
English gentleman, had placed his three daughter,s
in the boarding-school or Mademoisellg***. 04
his return from a journey to Englandtbe wa.#
greatly astonished to learn that all three 64
changed their religion and abjured Protestantim-
The eldest, aged 22, was in a convent. Tie Went
to see her, and was informed that she was, then
at the house of the Lady Superior of the, convent
of Maternite. Not being able to procure a sight
of her, M. waited in his carriage on the Boute-
yard, where she would necessarily pass ; and; as
soon ashis,thughter arrived between two religiezo%
the father, accompanied by M. 8., sprang from
his carriage, seized his daughter, and attempted
to take her away from the two nuns, whose odes
drew the guard to the spot. The officer on ditty
conducted the father, the daughter, the two [MIAs,
and the friend of the father, to the Commissary
of Police, in the Rue du Bac. The Magistrate
refused to give up the daughter to the father, on.
the ground that she was of age. Al— has de-
Sired M. Dupin (a celebrated' Advocate) to draw-
up a petition, which is to be immediately. pre-
sented to the Chamber of Deputies. We abstain
from all remark on this affair, which interests
every family, and simply express a, wish that fu,ll
justice may be rendered to all parties.—(Le
Paola.) .

A semi-periodical journal, entitled La France
Chretiertne, announces to-day in, a psi tive manner,
that the ashes of Voltaire and of Rousseau bave
been taken out of the tombs of the new church
of Sainte-Genevieve ..... . . this trans-
lation did take place, it was done so secretly that
few persons had any knowledge of it. Respoct
for the sepulchres of the dead is a- sentiment to he
found among all people, and ought -not to be for-
gotten by a civilized nation.--(Constitutionnet.)

FRENCH FUNDS.
Jan. 2, Five per Cents.
Bank Stack 1542 f. GO c.
Jan. 3, Five per Cent& • 84 f. 20 c.
• • Bank Stock 1525 f. c.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES,. SITTING or DEC. 2.

The Keeper of the •SealS.—The King has Ix-
tiered us to subMit to you the project of a law
relative to the police of the Periodical Press.
A more general and extensive project,' the ez-
sential object of which differs from that of the
new project, is that of indistinctly repressing all
offences committed by means of the press. ll_t is
at present under the examination.of one of yoUr

Conceived according to other views and other
systems, that project will perhaps now appear to
yod susceptible of some modifications.

We could not, ther,fore, Postpone making
known to you the fundamental changes which
the system of the Government has undergone,
with regard to this subj Pct ; as it is by these
changes you will judge in what resuects tkw said
law of repression may be modified.—(Sensation
on the left.)

That licentiousness in the journals would be
fatal, is universally admitted. Nobody disputes
the necessity of regulating by a particular law
the forms of their publication.
But what aught these regulations to be ? Thls
is the point, gentlemen, at which obstacles mul-
tiply, and minds begin to be divided.
The greatest difficulty exists, perhaps, in the
very nature of the securities which it is possible
to obtain ; for some which are efficacious are ac-
companied with several inconveniences; and
others, which would certainly be attended with
less inconvenience, are, for the most part, in-
effectual.

It will, therefore, be necessary to reject as il-
lusory and insufficient all those formalities of de-
tail—all those combinations, more ingenious than
useful, an attentive examination of which at once
demonstrates their weakness and imperfection.
(The same movement.) • .
This being the state of the question, it only
remains to 'inquire whether it be possible to
frame a small number of regulations, simple and
certain in their nature, which, without violating
the rights of legitimate liberty, may nevertheless
diminish the chances of impunity, and thus con-
tribute to render the excesses of the journals- less
frequent and less dangerous.
But, gentlemen, circumstances are not at all
times equally favourable to public peace, and the
nature of our institutions does not admit of their
receiving at all times the same supports.
The securities ought therefore to conform to
these differences, and vary according to these
wants.

in ordinary times they may be more simple
and less extensive ; but in perilous eircnmstancec,
in times of trouble, when the safety of the State
is menaced, if the ordinary regulations are iusuf-
ficent, recourse roust he bad to 4.mporary
mcx-
sures, the efficacy of which experience bus proved.
(Another ronv-ement on the left.)
Several voices—Temporary measures! You
mean the permanence of the censorship.
Voices in the cculre:----gilence, getalinrn.

M.M. Foy, tie St. Aiguan, Girardin,
You can create extraordinary circumstances when

y.sti please. You will always have at your com-
mand Moithes and Petards.
Hence, gentlemen (continued the Keeper of
The Seals), the two provisions which form the
basis of the new law. By the first you authorize
the ,investigating and judging the real objects anti
habitual tendency of periodical journals. This
a new but necessary measure. It is the indis-
pensable condition of the suppression of the cen-
saohip. Our language has too much flexibility,
and the French mind has too much vivacity, to
leave among us any difficulty in the way of writ.
hug culpable things, to which the Judge never
can apply the strict and positive definition re-
quired for offences.—(Agitation on the ;eft. The
President rang his bell, but could with difficulty
restore order.)—A moral appreciation is, there-
. fore, necessary for an act, the responsibility of
which, though perfectly evident, is nevertheless
disguised under outward forms, which elude the
precise provisions of general laws. It is impos-
sible to deny that a certain number of articles of
this kind must necessarily be more reprehensible
and more dangerous than a single phrase, the
consequence, perhaps, of inadvertency, in which
might be found all the characteristics of the fact
-which in the eye of the law constitutes offence the
or crime. The right of judging presupposes a tri-
. banal by which it is exercised :to which tribunal
, then, will you, gentlemen, intrust the important
right you are about to establish ?—We propose
to give it to. the Royal Courts.—(Broken mur-
murs on the left.)
Several Voices.—This is the establishment of
a Star Chamber.
The Minister repeated the phrase.—We pro-
pose to give it to the Royal Courts. As the
sentence will be pronounced in a solemn au-
dience.—(Fresh agitation. Several Members on
the left speak, and interrupt the Minister.)
M. Ganihl.—At Constantinople—(Murmurs
on the right, and cries of hear, hear!)-7-The
number of Magistrates who will concur in pro-
nouncing it will afford to society, and to the ac-
cused, all the guarantees which can justly be re-
quired.—(More agitation.) ,
M. Guilhem.—Not more guarantees than are
afforded by Juries chosen by your Prefects.
M. G irardin.—There was no occasion for with-
drawing the other law project.
M. Etienne and INT. Bignoth—The Censorship
was much better.
The Minister resumed.—By this combination
will be formed an assemblage of grave and stu-
dious men, whose minds are in general more par-
ticularly habituated to that exercise which the
judgment of such acts presupposes and renders
necessary.--(lncreased agitation.) —For some
years past persons have affected to cast doubts on
the independence of the French tribunals.—
(Noise and ironical murmurs.)
M. A. de St. Aignan.—There are good reasons
for not putting much faith in that independence.
—(Continued interruption.)
Other voices.—You increase at your pleasure,
and are constantly increasing, the Members of
the Royal Courts. . . . There are no places
is them except for your friends.
Will not the promotions be all at your disposal ?
• Voices on the right —Order, order!
The President (after ringing his hell.)—When
the King's Ministers are proposing the plan of a
law, no one ought to deliver an opinion upon it,
nor make any reflections whatever. NVhatever
may be your sentiments, the Charter and the
roles of the Chamber require that every law pro-
ject should be referred to the Bureaux. Reflec-
tions of the kind which have been made by
Members in their places, is an open violation of
the rules.
M. de Lameth.—Why do the Ministers them-
selves take upon them to violate the charter?—
(Tumult. Voices on the right—" Order! order!")
The Minister began again by repeating the
same passage.—For some years past persons have
affected to circulate doubts on the independence
of the French tribunals.—(Renewed agitation.)—
They do not deserve that calumny. We will
not assert that the irremoveability of the Judges
places them above all suspicion ; but what is bet-
ter, we will declare that their conduct has con-
stantly belied the insinuations of their detrac-
tors.—(lnterruption on the left.)—What we have
just proposed would be sufficient under ordinary
circumstances ; but should unfortunate times ar-
rive, and should the inundation of licentiousness
be such that these barriers cannot restrain it, the
State must not be left without defence. Pru-
, deuce requires that there should be provided in
reserve a more extensive, but temporary power,
for averting dangers, the very magnitude of
which would shorten their duration. The cen-
sorship might then become accidentally neces-
sary.—(A long and violent agitation.)
Voice on the left.—Accidents can always be
found.
M. B. Constant. —This Is the continuation of
the slavery of the journals.
Every thing• concurs (resumed the Minister)
to persuade us that those fatal events will not
again occur amongst us ; but it is useful to pre-
vent them, and trtere is no security so great as
to authorise legislators wilfully to leave in an
imperfect state those laws on which the peace
and even the existence of society depend. Such,
Gentlemen, are the grounds of the law project,
of which it is now only necessary that we should
read to you the details.
