EAST INDIA SHIPPING.

Arrival.—The Cambridge, Douglas, from Bornbay, off Wey.
mouth, sailed May 12 from Tellicherry May 19, from the Cape
July 25, and St. Helena August 9.
A mail from. Bombay, of July 25, arrived at Alexandria on
the 12th of September, and was forwarded to Malta on the
same day, per her Majesty's ship Portland.
Passengers per Cambridge.—Capt. Douglas, from Bombay
and Tellicherry ; Mrs. Warden, Mrs. Carr Brookes, Mrs.
Grey, Mrs. Eley, Mrs. Higgey, and Mrs. Wright. Rev. Arch-
deacon Carr, Capt. Brey, Capt. Church, Capt. Elliott, Lieut.
Lucas, Lieut. Call. Lieut. Giberne, Mr. Warden, Mr. Jen-
nings, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Martin, Mr. Elliott, and thirty-four
steerage.
Passengers per La Belle Alliance, Captain Arckot, from
Bengal, Madras, Cape, and St. Helena.—Mrs. Bushby, Capt.
and Mrs. Sheriffo and child, landed at the Cape • Mr. Bushby,
C. S. ; Major Johnstone, lac!. MAjt-sty's 26th Cape;
; Mr.
Robert Buckland, Capt. M'Cann. her Majesty's 44th Regi-
ment ; C. W. Truscott, G. C. S., died at sea on the 9th of
June ; two Masters Bushby, Miss Bushby, William Huddle-
stone, Esq. (landed at the Cape), Major William Stokoc, Mr.
and Mrs. Petrie and five children, and two Masters Robertson,
from the Cape ; Mr. and two Masters Knowles, and Major
Limond, her Majesty's 31st Regiment, from St. Helena.
Passengers per Surrey from • Bengal (expected).—Capt.
Robinson, her Majesty's 11th Dragoons.
Passengers per Horatio from the Cape—Depot of com-
panies, Gen. Palmer and family, Lieut. Brown, Lieut. Fisher,
Lieut. Smith, Lieut. Chapman, one sergeant, one private, &e.
Passengers per Amelia Thompson from China.—Captain
Greig and Miss H. Williams.

ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY.— '
There has been a falling-off in the demand for flannels to-
day, and the buyers have been generally offering lower
prices. In the wool market there has not been much busi- •
ness done, as prices are generally expected to be lower.—
Manchester Guardian.
STATE OF TRADE.—The flatness which we have
mentioned as prevailing in the market, for the last two or .
three weeks, appears to be on the increase. Yesterday was
a very dull day both for goods and yarns ; and the prices
of each were lower, in some instances considerably so.—
Manchester Guardian of Wednesday.
A few days since an accident of a most serious
nature occurred at Mr. Bloomfield's extensive factory for
cutlery, in Charles-street, Drury-lane. Just as the men
were about to leave for dinner, one, named Michael
Houghton, who Thad been at work at a stone to which a
steam-engine was attached of eight-horse power, as he was
quitting " the horse" he had been sitting upon, the engine
suddenly exploded with a terrific noise, splitting the stone
upon which he had been working into a thousand pieces.
The stone was four cwt. ; several portions of it struck poor
Houghton in the face and several parts of his body, so that
on assistance being procured he was scarcely to be recog-
nised, being so horribly mutilated. His jaw was splintered.
in such a manner that small portions of it anti several of his
teeth were forced into his cheek. He was immediately con-
veyed to St. Bartholemew's Hospital, where he remains in
a very precarious state. The swelling of his face, which
continues at present, renders it impossible to remove the I
teeth and splintered bones forced into his cheek by the vio-
lence of the explosion. Mr. Bloomfield states that no ac-
cident ever occurred before at his factory, and such are
rare in. the metropolis : but that in Sheffield, Birmingham,
tkc., they are not infrequent.
A Trieste paper relates that on the 31st of August
a Greek vessel was surprised by pirates on the coast of
Candle. The crew and six passengers were tied fast in the
hold, and, after the vessel had been plc ndered, the pirates
setn.:ed her. Three sailors and five passengers lost their
lives, but captain and one of the sailors succeeded in
disengaging themt.,:res, and swam ashore. A similar fate,
it is feared, has bgah,a.,,,..vessl which sailed from Candia
abuut two months age, with , sum of money on board,
no t:clings having since been received u.e.her•
We have been told of an amiable ts-atit in the cha;.
racter of our young Queen, which displayed its:ll almost
the moment her Majesty arrived in the town. Upon ts;swr-
ing of the accidents which happened to Mr. Danielie of
London, and Mr. Hodd, who formed part of the escort
which attended the royal carriages from Pateham, her Ma-
jesty remarked that the only bar to the full enjoyment of
all she saw on Wednesday was the consciousness of having
in some measure Leen the cause of such an unfortunate
occurrence. Her Majesty desired to be informed of all
the particulars, end of the names of the gentlemen who
had been thrown from their horses, and also of their pro-
gress towards recovery. Application was accordingly made
to Mr. Warnford, of the Grand Parade, the medical gen-
tleman who attended the patients, and his report was that
Mr. Daniells, though suffering under concussion of the
brain, was out of danger, and that Mr. Hodd was already
on his legs. The pleasing intelligence, when communi-
cated through Captain Pechell to the Queen, was received
by her Majesty with the most lively satisfaction.—
Brighton Guardian. •
The friends of the late Mr. Woolley, of Hull, will
remember a spaniel dog which belonged to him, and was
much attached to him. Since the lamented death of Mr.
W., poor Sancho has been quite inconsolable ; it was with
difficulty be could be kept out of the chamber where his
kind master died, and he refused food. He continued so
up to Montlay week, when the faithful animal died, we
should suppose of grief. This little incident tells no less for
the attachment of the dog, than it does for the humanity
and kindness of his master. Pocr Sancho has been interred
in the Botanic Garden.—Hull Observer.
On Saturday last John Graham, a private in the
64th, who was lately flogged in the barracks here, was
drummed out of the regiment. His coat having been de-
prived of its buttons and facings, and turned, his offences
were read over, and he was escorted to the barrack-gate,
the
,band playing the " Rogue's March" as it proceeded. Tho
dishonoured soldier was then presented with a blank
charge and dismissed. A large crowd having been assem-
bled, he was received with cheers, and was then carried
• shoulder high to the elevated ground to the northward,
where his coat was taken off and thrown over the barrack
wall. It was thrown back again by one of the soldiers,
and was then torn to pieces by the multitude, and divided
among them....Pundee Advertiser.

We are enabled, through the kindness oFa friend, to lay
hefore readers the following account of the atrocious sacri-
fices which arc perpetrated among the savage tribes in the
Goomsoor district. Verily the dark places of the earth are
full of the habitations of cruelty. But for the authentic ac-
count ef the Commissioner, Mr. Ricketts. it would scarcely
have obtained belief, that in the vicinity of an English set-
tlement, there existed a tribe of savages, who slaughtered
their fellow creatures to ensure a favourable crop ; 'who
considered the hue of their turmeric to depend upon the his-
man blood with which their fields were watered ; and who
practised, on some occasions, the unheard of atrocity of
cutting up living victims to sow their yet quivering lifubs in
the soil. 'Who will not envy Mr. Ricketts, the heartfelt
satisfaction he must have experienesei on rescuing twenty-
four human beings who were thus bound for death, and re-
storing them to life and liberty ?
The exertions of the Governor-General will he closely
directed to the eradication of this system of barbarity.
Should the milder means of persuasion fail to accomplish
the object, he has declared his intention to occupy the country
with British troops. Our soldiers cannot be employed on
an errand more congenial to the high purposes for which our
authority has been established, by an all-wise Providence in
this land. It is to extinguish these barbarous rites, to
spread civilization, to diffuse knowledge, and pave the way
fur the moral and religious regeneration of India, that she
is confided to the care of Britain. It is a high and sacred
trust ; and our rulers will not fail to appreciate the full ex-
tent of the obligations imposed on them. It is by estab-
lishing as the basis of our policy, the principle that' through-
out the whole British empire, in every quarter of the globe,
human sacrifices, and human slavery shall cease, that we
can approve ourselves worthy of the elevation to which our
country has been raised :
Extract of a Letter from Mr. Ricketts, Commissioner and
Superintendent of the Tributary Mehals in Cuttack,
dated Feb. 23, 1837.
Par. 9. I went from my camp to pay my respects to Mr,
Russell, and heard from him that an extensive system -of
human sacrifice had been discovered amongst the Kends of
Goomsoor, and several intended victims rescued. Re-
turning to the Duspullah Funds, I soon found the system
was not confined to Goomsoor. Several victims were dis-
covered and seized. The Kund chiefs then promised if I
would abstain from using force all should be at once given
up. I agreed, and all were brought to m.e
10. Being close to the territory hei.l by tie nand chiefs
of Boad, I thought the cause sufficient to justify my going
out of my jurisdiction, and I went into the country of Ma-
hadeb Kunwur and Mibgun Kunwur who hold on the
Bead Kund forest and hills. The victims first heard of
were again forthwith seized ; the rest, as in Duspullah, were
given up, and I brought away altogether 24-8 girls and
16 boys.
11. I made many enquiries from the Kund chiefs and
others respecting the custom. They sacrifice to the earth
to the " Muttee." They suppose good crops, and safety from
all diseases and accidents, to be procured by this slaughter.
It is considered peculiarly necessary where huldee is the
crop which engages their care. They coolly reasoned with
me as to the imposibility of the huldee being of &fine deep
colour without the shedding of blood. They will not know-
ingly sacrifice a Kund or a Bramhun ; with these two ex-
ceptions, victims of all ages and colours, of every reli-
gion and both sexes, are equally acceptable, but fat are
more efficacious than thin, and those in their prime than the
aged and young.
12. The victims are purchased at from sixty to one
hundred and thirty Rs. each, of persons of the Penn and
three classes, who sell them as being their own children ;
but there are evidently all classes among those rescued. These
miscreants steal them and then sell them fur slaughter to
the Kunds.

13. The children after having been purchased are often
kept for many years. When of age to understand for what
purpose they are intended, they are chained ; two had been
years in chains ; one so long he could not recollect ever
having been at liberty. With the exceptions of being thus
confined, they are well treated, having as good and as much
food as the Kunds themselves.

14. When intended victims have been kept till they
gained maturity, they were sometimes allowed to cohabit,
their children being also victims, and the father and mother
slaughtered when required.
15. I was not successful in acquiring any good informa-
tion as to the frequency of these saerifice!,. One Kund of
about 46 years of age told me he had witnessed full fifty ;
others equally old would acknowledge to having been pre-
sent at two or three only. Victims are found in the
houses of the village sirdaars only ; mere ryuts arc not
permitted to slay victims ; indeed they have not the
means, for a considerable expense falls on the master of
the horrid feast.

16. Very contradictory stories were told of the manner
in which the ceremony itself is conducted. The most
common appears to be to bind the victim between two
strong planks or bamboos, one being placed across the chest
the otlier across the shoulders. These are first of all
strongly fastened to one end ; the victim is then placed be-
tween them. A rope is passed round the other ends
which are iong• enough to give a good purchase ! they are
brought together and the unfortunate sufferer squeezed to
death. Life still ebbing, :he body is thrown on the ground
and chopped ia two pieces below the bambues with hatches.
Some accounts say, that after the perform oATICC of several
.savage ceremonies and feasting, the divided corpse is buried
unmutilated : others say, that as soon as divided, those in
attendance fall on and cut etch a piece which is carried
away to be buried in his own land.

Several admitted that in Glemsoor they were cut up
alive, and though no one would -allow that to be the prac-
tice on-this side, 1 believe it at least occasionally- is, for they
acknowledged their belief, that if the body was buried
whole, the benefit of the sacrifice would not extend farther
than the lands of the person who found the victim ; whereas,
i! distributed, the benefit was commensurate with the width
of the distribution ; it is not to be credited, therefore, that
the Goomsoor custom prevails only on the other side of the
Ghats.

18. However, all this is more a matter of curiosity than
anything else. They are killed by some means or other,
and the most interesting question is, by what means can
these sacrifices be prevented for the future ?

Extract of a Letter to Mr. 11. Ricketts, Commissioner and
Superintendent of the Tributary Mehels in Cuttack, fisted

14th March, 1837

Par. 2. His Lordship has perused the detail given by
you of the system of human sacrifice prevalent among tho
Kunds with feelings no less of horror than surprise. He is
well aware of the difficulty of dealing with a descri)tion of
clime, which, however unnatural and revolting, has been
sanctioned by long nsaec as a natural rite, and confirmed by
the gross delusions of rlie.darkest izoorance and superstition.
The working of a moral change among the people by the
progress of general instruction, and consequent civilizltion,
can alone eradicate from among them the inclination to in-
dulge in rites so horrible. But though the entire suppres-
:ion of the practice of human sacrifice among this gild and
barbarous race must be the work of time, yet much may
be done ev..n now, and no proper exertion should be omitted
towards checking the frequency of the crime by the terror of
just punishment. His Lordship is fully prepaied to sanc-
tion the use of judicious measures in aid' of the power
of the R.j3 of Duspollah,.whenever -that chieftain shl.ll
have discovered the commission of this crime in any of his
villages. Immediate injunctions should be issued not to
him alone, but all other Tribut,ry Rajahs having nominal
authority over a Kund population, expressive of the vies% s of
the British Government, and of its determination to do all
in. its power for the effectual repression of this atrocious
Practice. You will be pleased to report upon every instance
in which, in your opinion, the British isower in support of
that of the 'Nabs themselves, may be exerted without the
hazard of .seiotts embarrassment and disturbance.
3. The Governor is not disposed to accord his sanction
at once to our proposal for the annual progress of a military
force under an officer vewrl with. the power of summary
punishment for the purpose of suppressing human sacrifices.
This point may be considered and decided on before the
commencement of the ensuing cold season.
4. Should it appear by the failure of the contemplated
measures of interference that the chiefs of the Kunds are
either unable, or unwilling, to exert themselves effectively•
for the maintenance of order and repression of crime, the
expediency of the occupation of Or country, or of some
pari, of it, by British troops, may becomb a question for con-
sideratioh."—Friend (f India, March SO.

AN AFFECTIOSA•ZR WIFE.—At, the Small Debt
Court, on Tuesday, when itio4:ll,ent was given against the
defendemt, his wife (who evidently tvo;p the unmentionables)
exeleimed vehemently, " I can't and won't nay it, I tell you
flat ; all the prqprty I've got in the woriSiS iry husband's
'body, which you may take and welcome ; ar(111,,1 bones
shall rot in gaol before l'il pay the money I" That this
affectionate wife and spouse should be in diffieuties, can
excite little surprise, when it is' stated, that (according to
his own showing) he paid between 4/. and 5/. for a suit of
clothes, wore them at a fair or race, pawned them for thirty
shillings the same week, sold the ticket for five shillings.
and thus expended about three pounds for the pleawre of'
appearing one day in a new suit.—Lcier,lter Chronick.
At the recent flower show in the Egyptian 1-18,111
there was exhibited for the first time in this country Ever
specimen, in full blow, of that ina.;nifiecut plant, Fiat:Ala
fulgent. It was introduced from Mexico by Messrs. Lee,
of Hammersmith, and for its culture they obtained the
-large silver medal. The leaves of the plant are of a bright
green, tinged with a beautiful deep purple towards the
centre. The flowers are red, and the inner fold of a deep
scarlet. They measure three inches and a half in length,
and hang down in luxuriant branches of from 30 to GO
14'.00rn3, varying aocording.to the strength of the shoot.

BRUSSELS AND GERMAN PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, OCT. 10.—The sitting of the Chamber of
Representatives have hitherto been chiefly confined to the

necessary preliminaries of choosing the President, Vice-
Presidents, ballotting for Committees, &c. M. Raiken was
re-elected President. In the sitting of the 7th M. Pirsou
i:l)served " that the circumstance of the Session not having

been opened by a speech from the Throne had given occa-
sion for the spirit of intrigue to suggest that there are di-
-visions in the Members of the Government; an insinuation
he said, which must be a mere fiction, if we may judge by
the labours of the last Session, and by the liberty which
prevailed in the late elections. The influence of the Mi-
nistry was nowhere felt. The King and the Ministers there-
fore, bad confidence in the country, and the country had con-

fidence in the King and the Ministers, since it has again re.
turned almost all the Members who went out by rotation. The
sflflle spirit, therefore, will continue to reign. In fact, gentle-
men, what can we do better than maintain the order and tran-

quillity, which arc manifest to all eyes, the fraternity
which unites all the Belgian provinces, the progress of
our manufactories, which astonishes Europe, the mo-
rality of the people, which the revolution has not im-
paired, and our friendly relations with other Govern-
ments, which have laid under their unjust prejudices against
us ? One alone kotps us still under arms ; but let us com-
fort ourselves—This state of things is more injurious to it
than to us. In fact, the money which it would receive
from us, ii it were reasonable, is expended by us in the
country ; this is so much lost to it, for it cannot suppose
that we shall be so foolish, or so cowardly, as to consent to
pay twice over. The longer it delays, the more obstinate
it is, the less chance will it have of support from without
to recover the sums lost. Europe will not rise in arms to
obtain from King William some millions more or less.
What would a speech from the Throne have told us,
that we did not already know. We have, doubtless, lost
the opportunity of expressing to the King the sentiments
of affection and gratitude so justly his due. We should
have congratulated him, in the name of the nation, on the
result of the numerous journies which he has undertaken
this year. The distinguished and affectionate reception
which has been given him by neighbouring kings and people,
will redound to our benefit. We shall no longer be consi-
dered as neutrals, but as friends. With prudence and
moderation we shall retain this position, which we owe to
the King. The King has, therefore, made a sacrifice of
his self-love, in not opening the Session. Certain of our
sentiments towards him, he has prevented the expression of
them, because the ordinary forms of voting addresses con-
sume time, which he wished to be wholly devoted to
business."

The Speaker said there was much business in arrear ;
that every year they had not time to finish the budget by
the Ist of January ; but, on the present occasion, they may
hope to be more successful by sacrificing their self-love, and
not needlessly wasting hours, the value of which is so fre-
quently disregarded.
The Minister of Finance presented some projects of law,
one of which was that for giving the Government a vote of
credit for ten millions, for continuing the iron railroad.
PosEN.—Notice has lately been given to all the autho-
rities that the King has destined a large sum annually for
the purpose of purchasing estates belonging to nobles, which
are sold by auction on account of the debts of their owners
in the province of Posen and Bromburg. The object of
this measure is not to increase the domains of the crown, but
sold"), to introduce a respectable class of persons in this
country, which is highly favourable for agriculture. A
beginning has already been made in several estates. We
will mention as an instance that of Surstice, formerly the
residence of General Umiaski. This estate was purchased
by the Government. The peasantry who had hitherto lived
in the greatest misery and discontent, were relieved from
all feudal services, and their farms enlarged, for which they
have now to pay only a moderate rent to the administration
of the domain.
The land remaining after the peasants had received their
full portions still formed a fine estate, which the Govern-
ment has sold to a private individual. The same has been
done with the estate of Gona, which belonged to Count
Von Szotdrski. Several towns too have by this means been
transferred from the hands of private persons, and are be-
c)me Royal towns, e. g. Radiez, Kosznim, and Ezempin.
It is a pity this was not done on the sale of the most im-
portant commercial town of Lessa a few years ago ; for it is
an incalculable advantage for the towns to be directly under
the State. The effects of these measures are everywhere
manifest. The villages have again the same cheerful ap-
pearance that they had when the kingdom of Poland was
in its prosperity, and the chief town of the circles. There
rife numerous solidly constructed buildings where before
there were only wooden huts. Formerly there were no
causeways in the country ; now that from Posen to Glogau
is finished, and that from Posen to Thorn is begun.—
Lcipsic Allgemeine Zeitung.
VIENNA, OCT. 2.—A sudden scarcity of money has
caused Bank Shares to fall to 1,383 L Other Stock un-
changed.---Allgemeine Zeitung, Oct. 7.
THE HAGUE, OCT, 10.—It has been erroneously stated
by a journal that Prince William had arrived here from
Germany.
Sir Charles E.. Vaughan, whose arrival at Amsterdam we
lately announced, is now here at the Hotel de Bellevue.
BERLIN, OCT. 6.--From the sth to the 6th there were
16 new cases of cholera and 5 deaths.
rEL(3I AN 1. UNDS—Baussets, Ocr. 10.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lOl%
Loan of Thirty Millions 92%
Loan of City, 183‘2, 4 per Cent 100.2
Society of Commerce, 45.; per Cent. l4O
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 142%
Brussels Papers, Oct. 10.
DUTCH FUNDS— AMSTERDAM, Ocr. 10.
Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 214 per
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
Amort 44 per cent fi3l4, 9414
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 7B 767 i
Commercial Company, 4% per cent leo% 161
Ditto (1£.32 and 1833) 5 per cent.
Loan 18436, t per cent.
Ditto 1437 6 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month !2 074
Two mouths
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, OCT. 6.
Bills.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent lO2
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 10114
Esehmic.l on London, three months 6 25%
—Prassiatt State Gazette, Oct. 7,
H NIBU RG BORSEN HALLF, Cur. 7.
Bills; Money
:Austrian MetP"plues, 5 per cent.
cilto 4 per cent
Dit• _ ditto 3 per cent
Unto Bank Shales 1'38.) 1378
Anglo- Russian Loan 103% 106%
Paper inscription. 6 per cent
Russian 5 per cents. Meal.
Russian inscription, Hope and Co., :3,1 and lth
series
l'itto, Certificate,:
"ortnguese Iteacticy Bonds, 5 per cent... .....
Ditto, 3 per cent '2s'4
Dutch 2L ?er Cents.
s 11-e.34 _
1,..n.14, 3 per cents
New Tickets l5! 151 N
A!,glo-I),liiish Loan, 3 per crisis 7O 69 Ni
Norwegian lan of 1K44, 4 p. r cents
soanisti, in pni.tres, 3 per Cents
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent
Greek 4 pie cents. 1533, guaranteed by France -
--Hamburg Paprre, Oct. 7

Money,
10.274

The largest steam-ship ever built in Liverpool wil
be launched on Saturday next, from the builders' yard
Trentham-street, Salthouse Dock. Such is her size tha.
not one of the Graving Docks is sufficiently large to
her. She is the property of Sir John Tobin.

• • •
" Bentley's Miscellany," edited by " Boz," con-
tains this month a humorous satire on the British Associa-
tion, in which Mr. Dickens makes us laugh heartily at the
tribe of permanent snap-bubble and spirmiteg-top me-
chanists. his entitled " The Mud-fog Association for
the Advancement of Everything." " Toe Poisoners of the
Seventeenth Century" (No. II.), is full of interest ; and
" The Shakspcare Papers," by Dr. lhtginn, are repleto
with vigour of thought and expression. The learned and
ingenious commentator has chosen the character of Bottom,
the Weaver, for his present paper, and charmingly cloth he
dilate on the delicate Titania—the beautiful fairy Queen,
and her grotesque passion. " The Autobiography of a
Good Joke," " The Man with the Club Foot," and " An
Excellent Offer" are well written sketches. " The Me-
moir of Beau Nash " will also be found full of amUserirnt
and interest. " The Miscellany" is adorned with a fine
portrait of the Beau, after a drawing by T. FAudson. It
is executed in the best style of the art. There are also
two etchings, by George Cruickshank. Albeit not in the,
table of contents, we eano.3t forbear noticing a fine wood-
cut, emblematic of t e French ritvointion wtjie h "
amil the advertj.sements. \Ve long furirst Number Pears
r-
of Thie's History of the Frone:i Revolution," which
Mr, P
entley has announced.—Cublio Packet.
1: xE OLD CoMMODO,itt.—On the high seas, in
the storm, the chase, :ind the engagement, Captain Mar-
ryat is ever
aigni„htits
observes
; " and if his shore sketches oc-
casionally
thatrves the Dublin Packet, " let him but
get afloat, o,,en in
genuine tar's a version, a steamer,
and, 101_ he is himself a
Me.ilyat the best magiranni.Excepting Cooper, we deem
novelistNvheh of the day. He is
decidedly the most I,7„,jiec.
teeter in the Pr:dont work that toefrtat,he,,porilndci(!,al cha-
doro"—be d':,picted from life or imagination, it°7l:l)n-
-breadth of outline and depth of shading graphically
draw:d and coloured, The plot of this work is not
toreplicated. Sir Octavius Bacuissart, the old Coramo-
tore, compels his nephew, a high.spirited youth, to accom-
Pa7him to sea, and in one of his fits of violence threatens
og him. To avoid the disgrace Augustus jumps over-
board, and is supposed to have been drowned. Rebecca,
the only daughter of Sir Octavius, a romp and termagant,
Is doatingly fond of her cousin, and having been made ac-
tpainted with the cause of his: supposed suicide,, by a
middy who had deierted, she leads the surly Commodore
What he would call " the devil of a life." The attractions
of " The Old Commodore" are many and varied, and the
scenes on shipboard are equal to those in " Peter Simple.",

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING. OCTOBER 12, 1837.

" A great Conservative demonstration"—as the
Tory journals magniloquently phrase it—was made on
Monday last at Chester, in the very acceptable form
of a good dinner. Among the company were Lord
DE TABLEY, who officiated as chairman ; Sir PHILIP.
EGERTON ; Mr. CORBET, who strove so hard last
election to get himself returned for the county, and
failed ; Lord DELAMERE ; and that pattern of apos-
tolic meekness, humility, and self-denial, the Rev.
JOSUAH KING. The chief speakers of theevening
were Sir PHILIP EGERTON and Mr. CORBET, the
former of whom talked himself into a towering pas-
sion with O'CONNELL ; observing, in allusion to the
Irish Municipal Corporations, that "the Conservatives
had proposed to amend them, and had introduced a
measure showing that they were willing to amend their
abuses ; but they were not willing to establish normal
schools of agitation, which he considered as so many
infernal machines, devised by the- diabolical machina-
tions of an Irish FIESCHI." Infernal and diabolical !
Pleasant epithets enough, but smacking rather too
strongly of a second bottle of indifferent port-wine.
Well may Mr. O'CONNELL call himself the "best
abused man in the three kingdoms," for not a day
passes, but the full vials of Tory wrath are poured down
on his devoted head I At one time he is likened to the
Great Beast mentioned in the Revelations ; at another
to Hell's triple-headed watch-dog, Cerberus. The
Morning Post pronounces him to be a piquant com-
pound of traitor, sycophant, and assassin ; and now
forth steps Sir PHILIP EGERTON, with the notable
discovery that he is neither more nor less than the
Devil himself ! The Cheshire Baronet is undoubtedly
a clever man, but his parts would show to much
greater advantage if he would be more economical in
the display of them. Lord BURLEIGII, in the
" Critic," achieved a Wondrous reputation for political
sagacity by merely shaking his head in a grave,
mysterious fashion ; and so might Sir PHILIP
EGERTON, would lie but consent to act in the
same cornmenda'3le spirit of taciturnity. Mr. COR-
BET, who followed this truculent, DA
N-denoun-
cing Baronet, if less vituperative in his epithets,
was a thousand times more felicitous in his logic ;or
lie instanced his own defeat in Cheshire. as a proof
that the " Conservative feeling rapidly increasing
in that county"—auapt--7node of reasoning to which
no comment that, -we could make could possibly do
justice. We will, therefore, content ourselves Ivith
pa:pog it the homage of a reverential :silence.

Whatever other problems the late general election
may have left in doubt, there is one which it has eon,
pletely solved. It has demonstrated, with an it tesis.•
tible weight of evidence, that the t.tfcetm Act is ut-
terly inadequate to secure a full and fait representation
of the people in Parliament. This was the avowed,
and, we believe, sincere intention of its framers ;
but how mi;erably it has failed in praeticany realizing
the great object which they had in view we need not
t",ay. We
need only refer to the universal cry of the
electoral body for the Ballot as the only means by which
they Can faithfully discharge the duty which they
owe to their country. The Reform Act has, no
considerably. extended the suffrage ; but that
extension is in itself nothing. It has been called a
principle. It is no principle. The man who regards
it as a principle is an idiot or a hypocrite, if he stop
shott of Universal Suffrage. It is merely the means
to an end, and no farther good than it tends to pro-
mote that end. If it is made use of to defeat the
purpose for which it was granted—if, instead of
bringiug with it the extension of liberty, the im.
proyement of social institutions, and the consequent
increase of social happiness—it becomes an instru-
ment for fixing the yoke of slavery on the necks of
the people, and for preventing those institutional
changes which a rapid and wide.spread civilisa-
tion demands—then it is clear that extension of suf-
frage is not a thing to be advocated as beneficial
per se ; but that there may be cases in which prudence
would reject it as pregnant with danger.
Such a ease occurred during the debates oil the P
form Bill. The keen-eyed Tories saw, in tl*.e p.l
application of what some Reformers were PI -
'flouring about as a principle, the m^ _..waYs Pia-
the spirit of the Bill, and the-- of neiltralizing
it. The Marquis of (1
Were not slow in proposing
---
forward with the 50/.
.AtANposcamc
