THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, JULY 9,

servatives, whatever that may be. How t should re-
joke if the Conservatives, on the other hand. would, in
their turn, contrive and so wrest the mcaeure from their

grasp, thereby gaining for their cause, in all time e,,ming,
the affections of the Church and people of Scotland l"
Had not some parts of this interesting corre,
spondence been suppressed—to Avoid, it is said,
too great an exposure and embroilment—we should,
no doubt, have found more violent evidence,
stronger v:e do not want, of the Rev. Doctor's
freedom from " political views," and further proofs
of the " elasticity" of his sentiments on the question
of Non-Intrusion.

Lord ABERDEEN, however, was too old a stager
to he taken in by the Doctor. He would not be
cajoled by his flattery, nor bribed by the hope of a
perpetual fraternity between Toryism and the Kirk,
into an acknowledgment of the great doctrine of
ecclesiastical independence. He stuck to his prin-
ciples, unreduced by the example of elasticity set
him by a Presbyterian divine, and laid his Bill
upon the table of the House of Lords. The As-
sembly met, and the fury of the Non-Inn usionists
knew no bounds. Dr. CHALMERS denounced the
Bill in his usual extravagant language, and com-
pared its author to IiEHoBoAm, the son of
NEBAT, who made Israel to sin. The 13111, we
thought at the time, and, we think so still, was
quite unnecessary, but at all events it served the
purpose of testing the sincerity of Dr. CHALmEtts
and his party.
Had they been honest in their professions they
would have accepted it with thankfulness, for it
carries out their ostensible principle. What does
Lord ABERDEEN, in effect, say ? This :—" I
am as adverse as you, Dr. CHALMERS, can he to
Intrusion, properly so called, but I think there
should be some check upon the undue exercise of
your Non-intrusion principle. You have so con-
trived it that the greatest injustice may be commit-
ted without the least respons:bility being incurred.
You give the right cf rejecting a presentee to a
very small portion of the congregation at their ab-
solute will and pleasure, and you give the Presby-
tery no alternative but to give effect to their veto.
Thus neither Presbytery nor people are responsible
for their acts. Now, what I propose is this
will accompany your principle of Non-Intrusion with
the principle of responsibility. You say the majo-
rity of the male communicants of a certain age,
who are heads of families, shall have the right of
objecting. I will extend the right. Not only shall
the majority, but any number, or any individual, of
the congregation be entitled to object—and on any
ground moral, doctrinal, or personal. The ob-
jection or objections shall be laid before the Pres-
bytery, and the Presbytery shall have power, takA g
into consideration the qualifications and the fitness
of the presentee for the office of the ministry in the
particular parish, circumstanced as it may happen
to be, to ordain or not ordain him, as may seem to
them proper. But, in case of their refusing to
ordain, they must record in their minutes the rea-
sons which induced them to take that course."
" Reasons !" exclaims Dr.CHA LMERS ; "don't
talk to us of teasons ; what, the Presbytery give
reasons ! who ever imagined that a Presbytery of
the Caurch of Scotland would he called upon to
give reasons for its decision The Moderates
chastised us with whips, but you, cruel Lord
ABERDEEN, would chastise us with scorpions.
If reasons were as plentiful as blackberries, we
would not give you a reason on compulsion, that
we would not."
Thus did Lord ABERDEEN put these would-be
friends of popular rights, but real advocates of
clerical domination, completely in the wrong,
and expose to the world their low cunning, and
disgusting hypocrisy. Even the few honest and
simple-minded persons who were imposed upon at
first by their clamour about the rights of the people,
are now heartily sick of their conduct, and are not
slow to express their dissatisfaction. In a letter
which Dr. CHALMERS has lately published, he
has the imprudence to say, " I felt little or no dis-
appointment at the relinquishment either of the
Veto or of the Call, compared with the disappoint-
ment I felt at the limitation set by Lord ABER-
DEEN'S Bill, on the competency of the Presbytery
to judge, from all the circumstances of the case, on
what she deemed best for the edification of the
people !" The limitation here complained of, he
it remembered, is neither more nor less than that
the Presbytery shall give reasons for their acts.
On this disclosure of the real views of the Doctor
and his coadjutors, the Banner, a Non-Intrusion
journal, published at Aberdeen, makes the follow-
ing just remarks :
We cannot think that the members of the Church have
been struggling to accomplish this germ of a mathematical
point in the right course. Nun-Intrusion, as understood
by the peas,nt and the mechanic, by the farmer and the
tradesman—Non-Intrusion, m advocated at all those meet-
ings, so esteemed and warmly defended by the Reverend
Doctor— Non- Intrusion, as laid down in the very words of
the petitions—was not that Ministers should not be 2:4.
truded against the will of the Presbytery, but the will of
the people."
This is the truth. The unfettered, irresponsible
will of the Presbytery was the grand object aimed
at—the will of the people was the delusion, the
stalking-horse, under cover of which the object
was to be attained. The people have found this
out at last, and we shall hear little more of Non-
Intrusion.

Brussels Papers to the 7,11 inst. inclusive have just
bun received. The ,11,mitcur of the sth is filled with
a report made to the KING by LEBEAU, relative to
tree convention conelud•A at Rome in the month of
March last for regulating the intercourse botween the
kingdom of Ba'gium and the Holy See. It is framed
exactly after the model of the treaty between Belgium
and Sardinia, so far as regards ternporals. M, LEBE A u's
report is folk.wed by one made to the POPE by Its
Eminence the Cardinal Secretary of State, informing
hs Holiness that he had signed the Convention vita
Belgium in the form presented by the Government of
that kingdom. The diffetences between the Courts of
Madrid and Lisbon, and the Holy See, are likewise al-
most entirely removed.
The baptism of the young Princess was performed on
Sunday, at the Palace of Lacken, by the Cardinal Arch-
bishop MALINES. The sponsors were the King and
Queen of PORTUGAL represented by the Duke D'AU.
MALE and the Princess CLEMENTINE, whom their MA-
JESTIES had appointed their proxies.
A letter from Honville, near Bastogne, of the 2d July,
says...." The Belgian and Dutch officers for tracing the
frontier line passed last week along the limit of separation
in Luxemburg, from the French frontier to within half a
league of Martelange; thence they went to the frontier of
Prussia to continue their operations from that point to-
wards Msrtelange."
A letter from Franefort of Ist July to the Gazette of
Mayenee, says it is believed that Mr. Nothombe is in-
structed to propose to the German Commercial League
the conclusion of a treaty of commerce with Bzlgium.
E !Ai lAN t'UNDS—BRi ENELM, Jutv 7.
Actual Dailt,s!., per Cant.
Rothschild'', Loan, S per Cnt
10311 of thirty Winans, 4 per Cent tfS
3 per Cent.7t3
—Thirty-seven— . 7';
Loan()a Cav, 4 per Cent 94'4
Society of Commerce, 41... per Cent llO
flank of Belgium, 5 per ....... 1.0
National Society .
Exchange on Londow (short)
—Brussels Papers, July 7.

Madrid Papers, of the 30th ult., have enmo to hand.
The capital was tranquil. The pro,zpect of peace caused
an improvement in the Funds. Tne Five per Cents.
were at 26 for cash.

PRINCE ALBERT.—ThE POLISH FETE.—Ii a let-
bAlbert, in the kindest terms,
be known as a patron of the
Y Lord D. C. Swart, his
tecxrprßoyales receiveds dHighness
i,isy wish
ptsehrr
idntacoye
Fete to be held to-morrow at Beulah Spa. The letter
(which we have seen) leads us to suppose that the
illustrious and most worthy Prince will honour the Pete
by his presence. But the fact that he patronises this
attempt to alleviate the sufferings of those whites, who
have gained nothing but freedom by touching En,coi,h
ground, cannot fail to increase the popularity which the
illustrious philanthropist has earned by his presiding
over a demonstration of British feeling in favour of en-
slaved blacks.

A Correspondent calls our attention to the ex-
ertions made by the West India proprietors to carry
labourers to their possessions, and suggests a correc-
tion to our views. He seems not to have fully
comprehended them. What we condemned, and
what we still condemn in the West Indians, is, for
not having introduced as speedily as possible the
principle of freedom into the islands after they had
ascertained that they could not preserve slavery.
We do not blame them for not attempting to get
free labourers, but for not making society there fit
fox free labourers to live in. Badly off as are the
lumper-fed Irish and the pompernickel-eating
Wesrphalians, they are nit so badly off as would
be free labourers in the slave societies of our
colonies. Our Correspondent's own letter
supplies illustration. " The colonies," he says,
" are jealous of losing their labourers, and
pass all kinds of laws throwing obstacles
in the way of emigration. The planters, as
law-makers, in fact try to keep up that system of
slavery which the public here have paid a large
sum to put down. Instead of blaming the Go-
vernment and blaming the abolitionists, the West
India proprietors should blame themselves for not
introducing a free system into the colonies, without
which they cannot have free labourers.
The Government would not hive prevented
them, but they have endeavotued to prevent the
Government from establishing such a system. Even
in the Crown colonies, governed by Orders in Coun-
cil, if the planters had been anxious to procure
real freedom and independence for their former
slaves, the Government would not have thwarted
them. The great obstacle to having free-labourers
in the colonies is neither their climate nor their
peculiar species of cultivation, but the system of
slavery which has long prevailed, and which the
planters have certainly done all in their power to
perpetuate. Let them reform themselves--let theta
honestly extinguish all that re.nains of their
slave codes, and they will not long want plenty of
free labourers. Till they do that, all their efforts
to import Irish or Germans will be abortive.

We regret that so just a case as that brought
forward by Mr. CRESSWELL on Tuesday evening,
on behalf of the Shipping class of claimants, for
losses in Denmark, should have been upset for the
time by a pitiful advantage taken by the CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER of a point of form
in Mr. CRESSWELL'S motion. We trust, howe-
ver, that this circumstance will only give fresh life
and vigour to the claimants, and to their friends in
the House, to renew the motion immediately in a
proper shape, notwithstanding the disadvantages
of the lateness of the Session.

There are some observations in the short state-
ment made by the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER on the occasion to which we mean to refer
when the question is again brought forward, in
order to show the unfairness and incorrectness of
the points -otk which he rested his unjust oppo•

The telegraphic despatch announcing the arrival o
cABRERA in France was not received by the French
Gosernmeat till Tuesday evening, and as the Paris
morning papers of that date have only reached us, we
know no more of the details than we were enabled to
publish yesterday from the reports circulated on the
Bourse. Tire Moniteztr of Tuesday publishes the fol-
loc-iing despatch from the Sp finish frontier :
THE GENERAL COMMANDING THE 21ST MILITARY DM-

SION T(' Trm MINLS fLk GF W. R.

" PERPIGNAN, JULY 6.

" FORT J.Eg BAINS, JULY a.
" Thirty-nine Carliwt officer', members of the Junta,

and priests, have taken refuge at Ossega. Berga is sur- I freqn.in. He was unanimously elected. Mr. Heppell
rounded and wants provisions. Cabrera is not there." 1 appeared on the part of Mr. Galloway, and entered tt
The next telegraphic dispatch will probably announce l protest against all the proceedings of the day, as he
the surrender of Berge, wh.th cannot hold out against was determined to sec k, in the Court of Queen's
R the immense force at the disposal of ESPARTEO, the
Bench, that office to which he had been duly elected on
close of whose warlike career in Spain is as brilliant Es Midsummer day last.
its commencement was inauspicious. i COPYRIGHT 124 DESIGNS —A Bill was introduced by
Mr; E. 'Ferment very early in the present Session, to
'there is very little news of any moment In the Paris
Journals of Tuesday. The following extracts from them I extend the term of Copyright in Designs for Printed
includes all in the shape of novelty likely to interest an Calicoes from three months to twelve. The measure
English reader. I has met with the determined opposition of a large tna-
Chief-Baron WOULFE died at BAderi-Baden on the jority of the trade in Manchester and the neighbour-
-21 instant. hood, and the importance of their opposition) may be
Their Majesties will go to Saint Cloud towards the end estimated by this fact, that their production in prints
of this week, where they will pass the greater part of the during the last year, exceeded six millions of pieces ;
season. The King and Queen of the Belgians will soon
considerably more than one-half of the entire produe-
join them there.
General Bathois and his Aid-de-camp, Captain Cartr, fon in prints of the United Kingdom. We understand
that Mr. Tennent has found it necessary to abandon
of the engineers, will sit out t.-morrow ler Algiers. • , ,
measure to: tiei present Session, and that ire has
They arc sent to study on th's spot the three plans which the -
have been proposed fur the defence of the Aliiiiija. intimated to his opponents that such is his intention.
We find the following paraereph in the Bayonne jour-
nal :—" Letters from Pampe:tna inform us that Cabrera,
with the intention of joining Balmaeila, whom ho ex-
pected to find in the northern erovineea, bad advanced
through Aragon toward• N ivarre, at this head of 12.000
infantry and a numerous body of cavalry. On the 29:h
of June he had passed the Cinca, but we are assured that
he has been beaten near the river Segra by Zurbano and
Aleober.
On the 30rh this Viceroy of Navarro set out for San-
guesa with the intention of opposing the march of C-brcr.r.
On the Ist of July the divisions of 'libel., and Concha
were in motion to concentrate about Sanguesa. General
O'Donnell, with the army of the centre, was at Molina
d' Aragon.
Oa the 2nd, whether Cabrera hnd been informed of the
ruin of Balmaseda, or whether he feared to engage the
constitutional army, he began to mat eeavre is Upper
Aragon, making a show of intending to take refuge in
France, and the Viceroy returned to Pampeluila.
The fate of Cabrera will be known to us in a very fee.
days. We think that he will reireat into France b. thee
same way as Balmaseda, and th,,t he will arrive at,
Bayonne.—Le Constitutiound.
'l'he Prince of Canino ( Lucien Bonaparte) died at
Viterbe, on the 29: h ult ,at the age of 66. He was the I
second brother of Napoleon, and born in 1775. Exited
from Corsica in 1793, he took part in the several phases of
the French revolution, till he was created Minister of the
Interior under the Consulate ; he was subsequently Am-
bassador in Spain, and employed in various coutidential
missions, till, quarrelling with Napoleon about tiffs second
rtetrriage, he separated himself from politics. Ha was
taken prisoner ny the Engtian off the coast of Malta, and
fixed his residence at Ludlow where he was incea re-
spected. At the peace of 1814 he went to flume, but re-
turned to Paris on Nopnleon's escape from Elba. Atter
the final over thro.v o! his brother he retired to arty, wh,
he passed the remainder of hi, days, devoted to literature
and the fine arts, and was ranch ni spected in private life.
BOURSE.PAkIS, TUESDAY, JULY 7.
first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price Price
French 5 per Cents ll9 10 119 10 119 ... 19 90
4 per Cent, lUii .5 ~. 16 75 ... tuts 75 10 75
3 per cents B6 2U . 86 211 8.;
3,11 c or Cranes 3770 ...3770 ...:3765
LiAtitte Bank I,oouL ss llO5 ...110J ...1105 —llO5
5,000 f. Sh 5242 50 ...5215 —.5212 50 —5245
13clgian Bank
51.er Cent,
3,er Cents ......... 17 25 ... 77 ,5 17 ... 77
Spanish AC,ive
... 2442814
Passi,e 5%... ... ti•ly .. 7
Portitgoese 3 per Cents a3t4
ti,attnitaii " 1 6 ... 11.5 S 0 ... 1,5 50
'lonian 9,5 it 5 Ins 1,5
RAILWA'r SHARI:h.
St. tierrnato .............
Vcrsaalles, R. B `3; NTO 1130 5 0
L. 13.
Orleans
4uthausen to 'Mann ... 4SO ... 480 477 110 ... 477 50
S'..ra,oarg to Bale 423 711 ... 423 75 ... 420

THE MAR,KETS-(THIS DAY.)

COLONIAL MARKETS,

Prices were firm to-day for all the leading articles, hut, the, e
was not much business dune. There were not many arriv-ls
at the Custom House, and tho Public Sales were unimportant.

TEA MARKET.
The rrvirket was dull to-day, but prices were good.
TALLOW MARKET.
Prices not lower, but the demand wAs very limited.
PROVISION MARKET.
Butter steady at late rates. Bacon in fair request. Lard
dull, but not cheaper.
HAY MARKETS.
A fair demand existed, and forme- rates fully maintained.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING-(THIS DAY.)

LONDON.—Wind tars, (.I,y at noon W. N.W., light
breeze,, Mid heavy pulsing clouds, with rain.
DEAL, JUL* B. Wind W. S. W., fresh breezm—Ar-
rivc4, Ow L idy M‘N,,ghton. Erom, from Sydney, New
South :Walk.s; Haidte, Tilly, Africa; Lord Goderich,
Quebec.
LIVERrooL, JULY L—Wind W. S. W.—Arrived the
Mr. Ack:l-s, Nichol, from Porto Cabc!lo, sailed June '2 ;
Aurora. Mendicolandi. Havannah ; Paragon, Apalachicola;
Asia, Cham.arrs, Newfoundland, sailed on the 26'.h ult.
Sailed the Superior, Johnstone, for Bombay.
FALMOUTH, JULY 7. —Wind W. to W. S. W.— Arrived
the Enterprise, Brandford, from Odessa.
POOLE, JULY 7.—Arrived the N,lF.on packet, Nowor-
thy. from Newfoundland.
BRISTOL, JULY 8 —Arrived the Neptune, from New.
fo-unri,and ; 12,keby, Quebec ; Victoria, Gallipoli.
GLOUCESTER. JULY b.—Arrived the Mazeppa, Meddle-
' stone. fr,fn Aliramiehi.
' KINnsr,,wN,JuLT 7 —Arrived the fliehibuctoo,Grandon,
from Qfrbec; Medora, Browning), Demerara.
CORK., JULY fi. --Arrived the Shannon, Graham, from
i Pietou ; E upliemia, BUtt, Ness foundland ; Dirk Hat te-
raick, M‘Kinnon, Fayal.
DEAL, JULY B.—The Telemachus, Suwashley, from
Genoa to Brazil, was burned at sea the let. ult., in let.
SN. long. 27. Crew saved, after being Eve days in the
1 boats, by the Orient, arrived in the Downs.

:MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, WEDNESDAT.—ThetTallS-
actions in our cotton ma,ket to-day are to the extent of
14,000 baits, of which 1,000 have been taken on specula-
tion, and 200 for export; prices steady.
LIVERPOOL SHARE 1,1,T. —Chester and Birkenhead,
Now Shares, 141; Edinburgh and Glasgow sellers at
discount ; Great Western Half Shares, 474-; S,uth Wes-
tern SSI ; North Midland, 92k 92 ; Bank of Liverpool,
21k; North and South Wales, 64- per Share. Market
dull, but no great aaniunt of stock offering. North Mid-
land heavy sellers at the above quotations.

We have received the Antwerp paper of yesterday's date.
HAGUE, JULY B.—The day before yesterday was received
the first 28 barrels of herrings from our fishery, which sold
at 700 florins the barrel. A present of them was sent
with great ceremony to his Majesty, and to the other
members of the Royal family.
koussE OF AMSTERDAM, JULY 6.—The favourable ten-
dency which is manifest on every Bourse, and above all
that of Paris, has had an effect on ours. The national
funds were in demand to-day with improved prices. Ar-
doin's Spanish also experienced a firmness, and maintained
the prices of- yesterday.
Amsterdam prices—Two-and-a-balf higher, 55 ;
Five per Cents. l01i; Ardoin's 241.
