HAMBURG PAPERS.

CRA COW, MARCH 19.-7-The Senate published on the 9th
the following. proclamation :
" The Senate of the free, independent, and strictly neu-
tral city of Cracow and its environs, having ordered a list
of the proclamation to be made out, and a catalogue of all
natives and fore;:rners who took part in the Polish revolu-
tion, to keep the former from being obliged to go into a fo-
reign country, and to oblige the latter, conformably to the
will of the high protecijng Powers announced to this Go-
vernment immediately to loave this republic, public notice
is hereby given to all the inh,abitants that the concealing of
any person in this matter, which is undertaken by order of
the authorities, will subject the I;erson guilty of such con-
cealment to the penalty announced in the proclamation of
the Senate of February 29, namely, ,a fine of 500 florins,
or two months' imprisonment if the person condemned
should not be able to pay the fine ; and, as 3 military revi-
sal is soon to take place, the houseowner and those who
let lodgings must take care correctly to inform the Com-
mission which is to make out the lists of the persons lodg-
ing with them, that they may avoid the unpleasant conse-
quences that might arise from the neglect of the warniog
given them.

" HALLER, President of the Senate."

COPENHAGEN, MARCH 9.6.—The British Ambassador,
in consequence of a representation from the Foreign
Office in London, has stated to the King's Govern-
ment that slaves belonging to British subjects in An-
guilla have in the last two years been frequently brought
from that place to St. Thomas's, and there partly sold,
partly kept in slavery, by British proprietors, and partly sent
to Porto Rico, and there' sold. The Ambassador observes,
that though the Government of St. Thomas has shown him-
self very willing to deliver up slaves claimed by the British
authorities, only requiring that the full value should be re-
paid to the owners as indemnity, he did not think himself
authorised to give the assurance that all such transactions
would in future be considered as illeg It is, therefore, to
be feared that the owners of such British negroes kept in
slavery in foreign islands, if they know that they could
not be obliged to deliver them up against their will,
might in reliance on the endeavours and the wish of the
British Government to have them back, demand exor-
bitant prices, and thus again tempt those who carry on
this trade to prosecute it with the more activity. It
may therefore seen reasonable that if full indemnity is of-
fered for the slaves bought before the Ist of August, 1837,
every foreign bolder of slaves who can be proved to have
been illegally exported from a British colony should be com-
pelled by law to give them up, whether they were illegally
taken from a British colony, or were falsely stated to the
custom-house officers on their exportation to be domestic
slaves for the personal service of their masters ; and like-
wise whether they came into the possession of the pre-
sent owner from a British colony, or after being con-
veyed from one island to another, But with respect to
purchases made since the first of August, 1834, as the
slaves became from that time, free British subjects, who,
whatever may be their colour, cannot be carried into fo-
reign countries, and there kept in slavery, the British Go-
vernment cannot require any indemnity for them ; and
therefore propose that this may be ordered without further
delay.
The Danish Department for Foreign Affairs and the
Danish Chancery have declared their concurrence in the
view of the British Cabinet, and add that a royal ordi-
nance of the 16th of March, 179:1, decrees that no slave
bought elsewhere shall be imported into the West In-
dian islands, and that all transactions in contradiction to
this decree shall be considered as illegal. Slaves might,
indeed, be brought by persons removing to the Danish
colonies, and those so brought might be sold, but this
on the supposition that they were legally slaves. As
for giving up slaves brought from the British colonies
before Ist August, 1834, on payment of their value, it
would meet with the less difficulty, because it is a rule
that every negro slave is to have his liberty wheit his
value is paid for by himself or others. His Majesty has
therefore ordered, on the 9th of this month, and a Royal
Rescript was dispatched on the 16th, that if a British
negro illegally, whether directly or indirectly brought
from a British colony, and is in a Danish West India
possession, and there treated like a slave, he shall be
immediately restored at the desire of the British Govern-
ment, on the payment of the sum for which such a
negro, considered as a slave, might be disposed of, if he was
exported before August 1, 1834, but in the contrary
rase, without any indemnity from the said Government, it
tieing of course free for the owners, if they think fit, to pro-
teed against their sureties.

HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, 3Lown 29.
FOREIGN FUNDS. Nils. Money.
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 per cent.
Ditto ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto Bank shares l3ll 13)9
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Anglo_Russian Loan 196,,, IW .
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent — -
-Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 31 and 4th
Serie:
Ditto, Ceri.iiicates .. 9i11,4 tits%
Portuguese Regency Bonds. 5 per cent 7,1
Ditto, 3 per cent. 44
Dutch ....!.., per Cants.
Ditto 5 per Cents —
l'o!isli tonds, 3 per cents. • 1:12
A ugh,: /.4insli Loan, :1 per cents 7l 7314
Norwegian Loan or 1W.4, 4 p.r cents
span's!), in piastres, 3 per Cents —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent
Greek I per cents. ISX, guaranteed by France
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
I I AmistinG, MAHC3 9.9 —l3 10 ~, ; two months, 139,
ST. I'OTEKSBII:2,4I, MARCH 15.—Three months, 10 1542.
CiiitisrriAsiA, MARCH 19.—Three months, 5 6,
STOCKHOLM, MARCH '22.—Two mouths, 12 3.
—Hamburg Papers, March t-19.

The Bishop of Lichfield, who died last week, after
a tedious indisposition, was fifty-nine years of age, and brother
to the Earl of Harrowby, and a Prebendary of Westminster.
THE LEEDS TRADE.—At no period, since the
memorable wool speculaticn in 1809, has the stock of goods
in the Cloth Halls been so low as at the present time ; and,
from the circumstance of many of the manufacturers being
engaged in making goods to order, and from the very wet
weather during the latter part of last week, we scarcely ever
saw a less supply than was brought in for Tuesday's market.
Well made goods of low and middle qualities have sold readily
at a little advantage in price. There continues a fair steady
demand for goods in the warehouses.—Leeds .11-ercury.
The foundation of a new Independent Chapel has
been laid at Chorley, by the Rev. Messrs. Kelly and Carru-
thers, of Liverpool, and others.
The rent to be given by the new Reform Club for
the house taken from-the Commissioners of Woods and Fo-
rests, for the use of the members is 6001. a year, for three
years, the Club having agreed, also, to lay out 1,2001. m the
repairs, which commenced on Saturday, when a scaffolding
was erected in front of the building.
The Abeja of Madrid contains a document which
excites the most painful emotions. It is a petition to the
Queen-Regent from Colonel Don Manuel Fontiveras' an-
nouteinA her Majesty that his wife, who was young, had
*s-xiis 1i
~thCpr
toiftioCnaebrrreerma,inds inrbecprismalasjefsotry-tthheangmttu'hridrteyr
t
~
At.... lace, " J: . b n sacrificed bythisferocious partisan.
in retirement in the town of Chilva,
•,,,,,m A, : j,ll, villians, and sent in chains
atNo.enhgeer
--4Vi6
c. 1
.'*• .--,6:=TrF " 4...', '" .0 el calls upon the Queen to avenge
(
-.1,p.
.4r06iti...-,y.'w, , honour the Spanish name.—Galig-
.
\ be chi
' '.l. 1 0 J:. ) ~.-

__----...-------T—
-PPRICES OF STOCINS '1'1.7 1S DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
11,1 k ,UreK. . . -••.•—I I I Rita StOri.... ........... .. .•• • • --•••
ti per Cent lied.
7 6 pm.
ti per Cent Coils
314 per Cent - • Old Annnittes
Ditto Ilea — New Ditto —
Nre ..,, per Con, _ll'4% 100 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 —
Noww S per Cont. ............ ..... Exch. Bills, .1:1,1Vo 2l 19 pin.
B ink LongAnnuiticsto ex pire Ditto -,00 2l 19 pm.
.Tan 5, ~-,0 - Ditto Small
D.7t. Iv, h•5O —' Ditto Comwrcial '2ll pm.
Jan. 5, IStIP • Ditto Advertised - Ix.'.
Jan. 5, Kso — Bank Stock for Acconn'
\
April 5, ISsO
Jan 5, 1,711 - Consuls for Account
0 ,minm

PNICES OF FM:MON FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds Pet avian Bonds

........
Feleian Bonds Ditto Account .. .
Ditto Account.
Brazllim Bonds S.sl;:ki Ditto Account
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto Account — ' Ditto, 3 per cent. . 50% NI
Cnilli'in Bonds — Prussian Bonds •..
Ditto Account —' Russian Bonds, Il+2:: ..... .......
Col.,mlf an Roods —' Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, :$2•4 1.23 i 3 'Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account 't 'l4 :3 Ditto Account —
Dmidi Bonds
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent..... ...... 107 50c.
Ditto Bonds, IS. :5 — -- - 4 per cent —l. —c.
Ditto Account :—.--- 3 per cent.
Moxican Bonds, 5 per cent ... '--- Exchange 23f. (s is
Ditto Account
Ditto fi per cent
Dam Account — i Ditto, 5 per cent 101,;',4
Nu,ruicilitan — Ditto Account —

I'IIICE.- OF SHARES TIIIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Briti:h Iron Company
Rhyraney Iron Mining Company — 5%3
Altona and Lubeck Railway Company N 11/04
Birmingham. Bri,tol, and Thames Junction 1 2%
Calewta and Suagur Railway Company
Cheltenhm and Great Western Railway
&astern Counties Reilway 1 144 74
Et;:nburgli and Glasgow
EilinhtZgh. Leith, and Newhaven. 1 3 294
Glasgow, ;;;:lkirk, and Edinburgh Railway
lailway Company 3 5% 5 %
Great Northern :
Company 2 244
Hull and Selby Itail,'zi.:' 5 1214 12
Brighton Railway Compai.y
Brighton (Rennie's)
London and Blackwall. Railway
London and Southampton Railway Company l5 25!.; 14
London and Croydon Railway Company
London Grand Junction Railway
Midland Counties Railway Company 5 11M
North Midland Railway Company 5 14
South Eastern Railway Company 2 94
130 g
South Western 1
20 25
London and Westminster Bank
Symington Patent Paddle Towing Company 2 2UIA

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, APRIL 2.
3 per Cent. Consols -
Ditto Reduced - Ditto, 4 per cent -
3i:2 per Cent. Stock 99% , Hibernian Bank
Ditto New, IS3O
314 per Cent. Debentures 911.4 : NTatienal Insurance Co -
Bank Stock 206 : City Debentures, 4 per cent... -
Royal Canal Stock 3644 I Ballast Office Debentures, 4
Grand Canal Stock 23% ' per cent -

MAILS.
7rived. Du 7. Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due,
0 ,:!nerica 0 2 France 0 0 Lisbon 0
0 Braz". 0 0 Quern. &Jersey 1 0 Malta
0 Buenos A7res... 0 1 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico 0
0 Cartlizgena 0 1 Holland
2 Dublin 0 0 Jamaica 0 0 Sweden 0
2 Flanders 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 2 Waterford 0

lIIGII WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
Morning... ...... 24 minutes after 4. f Erening 44 minutes after 4

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
THIS EVENING will be performed the Operatic Drama of
THE JEWESS.

Cardinal de Brogny, Mr. D iddear ; Prince Leopold, Mr. Cooper; The
Grand Provost of Constance, Mr. Giubelei; The Bishop of Constance,
Mr. Bedford ; Eleazar, Mr. Vandenhoff.
Rachel, Mrs. Sloman ; the Princess Eudocia, Mrs. Vining.
After which the Last Act of the Historal Opera of
GUSTAVUS THE THIRD.
Gustavus the Third, Mr. Cooper ; Colonel Lillienhorn, Mr. Tem-
pleton ; Captain Ankarstrom, Mr. Seguin ; Oscar, Miss Shirreff ;
Madame Ankarstrom, Miss Forde.
To conclude with—CHEVY CHASE.
Henry Percy, Mr. Cooper ; Hermit of Warkworth, Mr. Mathews ;
Simon Wardlaw, Mr. Meadows.
Lady Neville, Miss Forde; Lady Douglas, Mrs. Vining; Maud, Mrs.
I'itzwilliam; Alice, Miss Lee.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.
The Box-office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
loxes, 7s. ; Second Price, 3s. 6d.—Pit, 3s. 6d. ; Second Price, 2s.
Gallery, ; Second Price, ls.—Upper Gallery, Is. ; Second Price, 6d.

HAMBURGH, MAacn 18, 1836.
11EINE BROTHERS, CONTRACTORS
for tLie GREAT LOTTERIES Published and Drawn by
authority, and n:lder guarantee of the Hamburg State, beg to inform
the Public that the SIXTY-EIGHTH LOTTERY of 10,000
Tickets will be drawn on the 23d of June next, and Tickets are now
selling at bancomarks 108, or Si. say Eight Pounds, sterling. The
Prizes are :-1 of 100,000, l of 20,000, 1 of 15,000, 1 of 10,600,1 of
8,000, 1 of 7,000, 1 of 6,000, 1 of 5,000, 10 of 1,000, 35 of 300,
36 of 165, 234 of 150, and 1,995 of 108 bancomarks; which 2,316
Money Prizes are altogether payable without any deduction what-
ever, and every holder of a Ticket coming up : one of the 2,000
first drawn Blanks will be entitled, after the fourth day of Drawing,
to the receipt of two undrawn Tickets gratis, as per Scheme.
Owing to the Gratis Tickets, the number of Tickets on Sale is a
very limited one, so that of course they will be cleared off very
rapidly, and a rise in price occur very soon. Those desirous to
purchase at the present First Price of 81., are requested to direct
by one of the first mails, but only for whole Tickets, to the above
named Contractors, Heine Brothers, in Hamburg, who beg to de-
cline, as usual, English orders for any thing less than a whole
Ticket. To those remitting a 101. note, Heine Brothers will, on
executing the order, send an order for the balance of 2/. by return
of post. A full Scheme, and every desirable information being al-
ways sent with the Tickets ; those giving orders will only have to
write a line oidering the Tichot or Tickets, adding the money, or
an order for the same, and giving their full and plain directions, to
secure the safe receipt of the communications.
Those honouring Heine Brothers by purchasing, may depend on
their strictest secrecy as to their taking a chance or getting a Prize,
suet). using the undeviating rule of the old established and most
ucky office.
