SAVING BANKS.

On the Report of the Committee, a i:otiversatiou engued.--
Mr. Donctus made several observations, and reed 'Ouse pa-
pers respecting the Scotch Saving Banks.—Mr. FINLAY morsel
to leave out a chum respecting Scotland, as tci the investi-
ture of capital in the public funds.—Mr. Rost disfehded the
clause.

Sir C. MONCK observed, that thia property' might be as
safely invested in mortgages as in public securities.
Mr. CoURTENAY, Mr. DAVis, and Lord Costerrix, Mid
a few words. —A dirision took place on the original clause.--
Fur the Amendment
Against it,
Majority in favour of the clause —Au;
The gallery cautintied closed for a considerable time. On
its being re-opened,
. Mr. V. FITZGERALD was spcating on the subject of the
Irish Grand Jury Presentment Bill, and moved to diScharge
the Order of the Dap on that measure, that it might Ile over
till next Sewion.
After some observations from Mr. Cooper, Sir F. Flood,
Mr. Aberetomby, Mr. Ponsonhy, Mr. Peel, &c. the order was
discharged. •
A Committee was appointed to examine the Lords' Jour-
nals, respecting the eroceedi figs on the Jill to regulate the
Fees of Clerk of the Crown in Ireland.
STONE 110.1"TLES.
A Petition was presented by mr. PONSONBY. from Stone
Bottle manufacturers in t.ondon and,iU vicinity. •

..._ .. ._. .
Mr, CALVERT, said, he understood from persons dequaint-
ed wit', this branch of manutachire, that On • out of. WOO
stun~ bottles mode were of the deecription to be adected by
the Bill. .

hit. PONSONBY saici, that tlziir NV as true but 'it
would be 'inconvenient at present to go Ititlu the discussion.
Petition ordeied tit lie uu the table. • .
Mr. CANNING presented isnothF3' Petition from Stone
Math: STratolOctorcr,s. Ordered to lie On the table.

GAs-I,lGlitti:
Tile Gas LightAlin was prdered to be read a third time to.
marrow.

Sir F. BITRoErr prrsentecl aPrtition Cram Mr. Mallisnn,
Inventor of Cork Life-preservers. .oreleretl to lie on thtc
t:41,1r.

lir..t3ENNET'r inquired when Ihe Antindritents thn Alien
Dill iota sent d,),vn inim the Lord, Wetc tti beennsidvrt.d.

..._ .. _ ~ . ...
1.00-4 cANTLLREAcit Wll* not aware of iiny virticolar
Autunilment i. ,
.11,4., SPEAKER, observed, that the proper time would be
wheu tie,. Ameridlorsits Ciiiiii. requhtrly betdre the flouce. '
The Insolvent Debtors' Itill WAS prititpOlted till Ill'.ltlL4T4rtiV. .
SLAVES IN THE WF.ST INDIES. -

Mr. Wll.llEltFOrten arse on' the present mica—
Sion to correct the orisrepreitentatious which had
gone abroad touching his conduct ; and while
endeavotning to remove those inisconcentions-
which had arisen lit the minds of many people, it -
would he ocee-sary for hiM-to remind, the House:.
at statements: formerly made in that Fl+►ttse by
persons of mach greater iMportanee than himseiti-
who were now no more. He had no object in view
hat to perform what he considered to be a sacred
duty. He was going to state, as inoffensively as
he could, the obligations that House was tinder to -
carry into effect the Act for abolishing the,Slave
Trade, which some years ago received the satle-
titin of a igrge majority of its Members, and doing
this, he should have to describe the present coo»
dition of a large portion of the population of our
West India Islatitts Those to whom he, allotted,.
notwithstanding some persons viewed them but.l
as strangers, foreigners, and barbarians, were'
still British.suhject4, end it was- our -duty to:do
all we could for their comfort in .their present
sittliAtioni and he had only to regret that greater
blesitings still fhatrarty he could hope they would
be tamed to participate in, under existing cir-
cumstances; coold not he secured to them. He
wits anxious, above all, that gentlemen,in:that
1-louse would not think it beneath them to pro-
vide for the wagon of those to whole talk this

SEVETAPI:',VCE.

country owed all the riches, power, and greatness
derived from our West' India possessions• Ne
was enximis that the Weill- state of, the-Sleees,
Whom it had been ottr policy for two or three
centuries to transfer to the Western. lieniiThere,
for our own aggrandisement, sheuid be known.
lie-entreeted tbe4loore not to spurt their!eyes to
the real hate of the arse; he wished them to
take into their consitteratiem—slavery and human
Were. These words were sufficient to pcepara
them for al( that *es to follow. .The unfortunate
persons of whom be bed spoecri were exposed. to
every thing that could exasperate the human mind,
as the unhappy beings were merle the objects of
degradation and contempt. He belieecd Many
proprietors of slaves were then..of benevolence,
but their benevolence took a very thin:l ent chile
racter when exerted for distressed objects in
this country from that Which belonged to it when
its attention was directed to the sorr.aws of those
labouring for them in anothevhemisphere, at a
distance of 4 or MOO miles. Thescefilicted per-
sons, governed
,by inferior agents, did not expe-
rience that consideration which they might hope
from the presence of. their oWners. The consee
(pence of this was, they were less profitable than
they would otherwise he, for it was an eternal
moral, law Of the Almighty; that whet e great evils
were inflicted, their did nut Merely affect the
itn-
ttlediate sufferer, but invariebly extended in some
way to those with-whom they originated. Not-
withstanding the reports .made to the contrary,
by those WIIO could not look into the internal state
.of the Plantatiotis, knit who pronounced on them,
as a trial/tiler might report on the state of 'a town,
from its appearance on tt tine day; from facts and
experience it:was known the present condition
of Slaves in the West Indies was deplorable in
the extreme. It was the bounden fluty of Parlia-
ment to endeavour to increase their comforts..
Negroes in every part Of the world were remark-
ably prolific. That the; were not so in our West
India Islands; lie aScribed to the treatment they
received. Even in jamaita, where they were.
used much better than in 'some of the other
Islands, nurobers of them were lost every year
front being over-workedi under-fed, or troll' be-
ing subjected to other hardships. The system of
sending out persons to govern them, who were to
exact from the Slaves the maxiinant of labour, and
to do this at the minimum of expence, causes the
Negroes to lifer much, as the persons set over
thesa wale compelled to try to raise a large crop
at a small. expense ; since, if they: did the reverse,
of this, We, consequence was, they lost their sittme
tiOns and emild not get others. .I,le complainett
that when persons tallteda using negroes well,
they generally spoke of their food and lodging—,
they spoke of thenras in this country we talked
of feeding end Walking cattle, and did not
eegard theta at their felloiV-creatures. This lan.
gunge,- held by those whO tielentiot.the pre,ane
syttem,..madt for his. erguntent, and proved" the
extreme -degradation to %%lia) the unfortunate
`negroes Weise* subjected in our West India Islands,
Where they were wonted under the whip—not
merely punished for the, faults they cenuteitted,
hut worked tinder it like cattle. It it were ne-
cessary, he might mention many instances to
prove that the natural dispositions of the object;
of his concern acre well worth cultivating—that,
the negro character was distiegeished by the best
affections of the human hem t!--thot these disposii.,
tions-were proved by acts'which would do credit
to any bleb ideals of any country. But there was
one argument which would be revived against the
measure of Registration, which had formerly been
alway.s made use of against the advocates for the .
abolition, and to which it would be necessary for
him to call the attention of the [louse. When
arguing in, favour of the, Abolition of the Slave
Trade, h 6 bad often been asked whet 'he meant to
do with the sieves in the West Indies--ediii he
mean to covitinue thetn.in the same miserable cone
din ion in which they then were ? To this the an,
saver had always been--Nos And , there were
some who went even farther than merely replying
in the negative;
,and, in particular, one great
mart had so far turned his great mind to this.ques-
lion, as to lay helot e the House the particulars of
a .plan for a mei iorat hig the condition of.the 4111 res,
in the West Indies, by whielt he hoped to retorin,
the ahhsev which then existed, as to the treatment
Of AloveS, This plan embraced the establislimeet,
of seliords in all the Colaeies, tor. the
ut the slaves—the divisiim of the islands into cere .
;airt district s--the Livi.wiutthott of persons in each
of those must riets to superintend the slaves, for the
purpose of examining how they, were treated--
that mkt; a year, there ahottld be a general ill,
epection, of:. the state ttf the slaves throughout
every island, end that some of the.. most promise
lag negro children should be. sent to Gre;tt
Itri-
tirin to' se etineated, and
,to be sent haa to the
West Indies when they,were thoroughly educated.
These were some of the IteedeofMr. plan
linwever,:hed beets .tejeeted by thellouse.
In 179;4 .it was also proposee by. Lard Melville,
that all the negroes born in the after the
year IMO, should be born free. And yet, -after
such proposals hail been bottle to the Route, they
were now obliged to contend against a strong op-
position to the Regietry Bill. But at the time
whets these plans had been proposed, the great ob.
jest, for which they were contending •traas thew
abolition, and it was to obtaining it that alt their
efforts were exclusively directed ; because it .Vva.t.
the greatest and mist efficient measure, and there.
*fore they would have beettcontent to obtain it 81
a time when greeter and bolder melswes were
proposed',' Mast he now chiefly regretted was,
that the Abolition had snsedmien immedietely foie
loweti tip by the Registry.- not the-eit was a little
too herd, when they had preferred the Abolition
methe most important ore in the ,first instance
ew eehen to attain it they, ed for tine tine rejected

,--"4,6
