:RiPLY TO U()GAN.

;This: Day .was hli pu-..5.)c0, price ZS . 6d.
SHORT ENGLISH ANSWER to a LONG
s,rol<Y ; or, a key to the Mystery of the
barou'ehe ana Wilk Notes, p.oiffig 'Brevet Nlajor kloAan's
Accusations a!;.tinst los:Royal titganess the u k.e of York to
be barefaced C..;:re,h.es,

Solti,by C. Ch:.pple,-Pa!l-Mall, Craddock and Joy Ave
Maria ail :I j. 13i!cklock, Royal Excnan4e,
. Whert,inay be had,
The•Seepod Edition•ora.C,:orni;iete Vindication of theDnke
of 1' oi k in reply tout Ctiarg:s.ut Alentoriana, and other
P , ainphleteers-. -Price is. 6si.
.Also
I'h6 Second Edition of the bonre Bo•uche .of Epkureati
Rascality; dedicated to the Worst Man in ins Maj4i,lY'a Do-
minions, being; complete Retat Atio;i of the v lerkis Attacks
on the Duke of York' and Mr. Greenwood. Price 35. 6,t.
_ _

This l)ay ; •
In One Vol...focti:icap 6vo. tne•fourtit Edition, price ss. in
tioarjs, of.
WANISERER of SWITZERLAND, and
other POEMS.

by JAMES NIONTGO&IERY.
Printed for Longman, Hor.t, Rees, and thnie, Paternos-
ter-row. ..

" Mr. Montgoirie' ry displays it rich "and romantic fancy, a
tender heart, a copious and active commend of imagery
and language, and an irce.istibie influence over the
—Ed. Rev.
For a very high character of this Voluthe -see Ann. Rev.
t 205.
• '

This Day was published,

In Svo. price 6i..hoards, .Cprreeted
.to Oa, 10,
16CO M ETE STAMP TAB I,E -; beiu; an
i Analysis of the late Acti, 44 Geo.' c. 53,
Geo. I 1 I. c. i ov.; at ()lie vietvoindex disti Ileatis:
the various Stamp Duties noW., payaole,cuntr4sted with tie
Old Duties, and the particular Laws, Reguiafiiins, or Re...
stliztions applying t hereto ;" as also' Instaintents positively
or constructively E xetnitted ill ust rated with pradical Ann°.
tations, and lon-rung a Cumpai.ion tr., the OpF,ltlai Digest. •
'V .I. A. HF.RAUD. .
London : Printed tor W.Cfarke and Sons,..Portugal-street,
Lincoln's-Inn ; and the Author, Corner of Beil.vardt Ca-
.
rey .st feet.
O'''. It was found impossible to do justice to the above
,übicel in th, twin of at Silver. TaiNe, it Ita.s.therefute been
abandoned...

RENQVATE D _HEALTH.'
IT has been too fregnently thetubjM of just and
general reprobation, that men destitute of the elements of
the medical art have offered. themselves as candidates for
public patronage in the profession of physic.. Pot the purpose
of doing justice to the result of our studies a nd ex perience, and
to prevent US. from being classed among those empirics whose
imprudent pretensiOns,have, unfortunately for Society, been
too.favOurablyteeeiveiliwe-begJeaw.to submit to the liberal
and enlightened a faithful statement of our pursuits and ac.
4uiterrients. After having reeei yeti i regulaynedical educa.
tion as the pupils of .11essrs, Grinded and Blizard, whose
leetutes and practice We-carefully attended, as professors and
surgeons of the London Hospital ;, ;ve entered ourselves as
students in that justly celthrated selloOl for mediCal acquire,-
meta, the
,Royal College of Edinburgh,• and were instructed
in the different branches of anatomy, surgery, the theory and
practiei Of physte,. Oielnistry, midwifery, botany, tfce. Sec;
by those, eminent
_professors, Ms. Monro, Gregory, . Wad:,
HarniltOti, Dithcan and Rutherford. W4trust we shall not
be deemed presumptuous in saying that our proficiency and
acquirements are not inconsiderable. Having tor a long set les
of years made Venereal. Complaints, arid. the various diseases
of Debility, the particular objLt of our studies and practice,
it will, we hope, be allowed that we have acquired superior
knowledge of their treatment aid cure. In slight'and recent
cases of infeetidn a perfed re.establishinent is completed in
the 51191 t keriod oft wo days ; and in those of the utmost in-
veteracy, where other practitioners have failed of success, a
Orbiter perseverance in our plan of treatment ensures to the
patient a sate and radical cure.
• Amidst the melancholy variety of disorders which are•ae
ellects (if a habit hang and roost_ unhappily ptirsued by the
youth of both sexes, there are none inure alarming or more,
distretsing titan those deficiencies and debilities which fre-
quently prevent or embitter the matrimonial state. "To sucts.
poisons it roust be a consolation to know .that they. may now,
nv a new and infallible male of treatment, be restored to that
greatest of all human blessings, a stronxT, manly, and vigor-•
ous.constitution. In, all cases of debility, frill) whatever
cause arising, as well as in every Species of venereal infeclien,
we may be consulted by patients of either sex with the groat-
est secrecy and honour. flours of consultation at home from
ten tOthree, and tiom.6 in the evening till to at night.
Patients in the country ate requested. to state the particu.
litrs of their case, age, and general habit of jiving. &c. &c.
closing; a remittance tor advice and mediCines, when the same
will be given, or sent to any part of the kingdom. To ensure
that secrecy so essential -to our undertaking, the postage-of
letters May be a•lded to the account for Medicines.
'CURRIE and Co. Surgeons, No. zu7, Hatton-garden.
t---r Messrs. Currie and Co. have Certificates from the
above respectable ilrofestors of London and Edinburgh, of
the diligence' skill, and humanity, with which they per.
formed the duties assigned . themdt flog thrtinte they
thrir.Leagrwancl foiofo • . A

•
PARIS", Oc?; =3.--Private letters from . Blvonr;
.state, titat General BLzr.,,(or BLAKE, an, Irishman,
Who ha' been long-‘ in • the. Spanish strvi(.e) had ad-
vanced fr'otil the Asturias to Bilboa with about 8009
nien. the French gerison tlore irirrned; ,tel: re-
treated, according to. the orders they had ,eceiv, d,
to Mondragon;v2iiilst 13ESSJZR,:';S, V.-ho bad
Moved his
.head-quarrs-. to Burg,
.march- d %% HI
8001 men to cut off. t!ie eneMY's communicF,,
On 't he 241114 SePtember accounts. reached
'from' Vittoria that he had alread, arrived at 1;:redo,
and it wars expend that not a single Spaniard. would
escape him.
The s:une letters a.dd, that this movement of Gen.:.
PL Al( . Fr N!..17.!.iy a fe;nt 1,P1:4*1. Ofgr,
aiso ruara.:d
30,000 11;.211 to 6311 11110t1 Gen, ho;
appear before o)ft-french line, whilst Gen. M0N,...:Y.Y.
made the necessary dispositions' to attack him ;n
flank. . ••
Tranquillity being restored in the kinedom of
Naples, his Majesty has dissolved all the military
commissions. A pardon has been proclaimed for
those deserters who shall rejoin their carps within a
limited' time.
As the expenditure for the public service of ling:,
year 1804 will amount to '2.70,006 ducats,-and
the revenues are not at present_sufficient to meet
that charge, his &eapolitan Alajesty ha's resolved to
aogment the land-tax. .
OCTOER 4:—The Moniteur -of this day contains
the following article :---
" ERFURTII, 'SEPT. 27.—1 t is stated in the Cern
man Papers, that the Emperor, on his journey to
Erfurt'', wrote to the Piince Primate a letter, in
which he Says—' 1' ai'u going to Get many to give
P.eace to Eiirope.".
PARIS," Is;Ocr. 6.—By letters from Bayonne, of the
30th cf September, we learn, that the Spanish Ge!--
'feral/BLAKE, entered .Bilboa on the 2Oth, at ten
o'clock in the wonting, at the head of 8000 men.
The French garrison, consisting of 1.7,00 men, ef-
fe&ed (heir retreat in good order. All the Con.;.
stitute-l'AuthOritii; 'all the French resilient in
'boa, and a.great number of the fa. eilies oladistinc-
t ion, and arnong t!te reit.that of Al ASSAII EDo,also left
the. place. The objeal of this movement on the part,
of „LAKE was to make dui- army quit its posit lot: on
• the river Ehrb ;- but the diperaitions taken by Mar-...
shals NE-irmid BINSIERgs. frustrated the expeCtatiens
of the Spiiniirds.-- •

W- the day wh'en•the above letters were sent off,-
offieriril it had reached Bayonne, that our
I trohps bad're-occupied Bilboaon the 26th. The Spa
Wirl•riiiit-ltt6mptibg to' make arty resisi.,
It at 1-e. movement' of Mushal
14
th4l so that their 'precipitate flight Prevented Oen,. t M4Nctior from coming'upon their rear, and totally
c; deS't royitig them.
I; The insurgent, had also made a mOvement in ad-
r ranee on the side of ArrieijAgo; two miles from Mi-
randa. Marshal BESSIERES mar,clied to attacl: thew,,l: defeated them at every point, drove them ba.r.:k a
great Wa'y,'and threw them info complete confusion..
; When the Conrier'oame away the Marshal was still
occupied. in ptirsuing
The letters from ISayonne of the st lest. consrtrt-
the atcve„ and.give the. 10116011 g sCatecrlent of the
positions orklUt.
The King's head-quarters are,at Vittoria. IvrarSl)ll
BESSI-ER-Ei.has his head-quarters at Miranda, Niar-
OM AA:on—at Pampeluna, and Marphal NEI:), at
Bilboa.

•
It ‘tas reported at I.3.ayonne, that M.arq)al Mor-
CRY was engaged with the insurgents of Arragon,
along the whole of his line ; that "he had obtai [fed a
complete vi6loty over them; and iaken sixv pieces
of cannon. -

. An immense quantity of provisianS of all sorts,has
been collet ed at Bayonne. All the magazines being
full, it was found necessary also to till the cathedral.
with bags of flour, biscuit,. &c. The Direhhor•of the,
fortifications had received orders to prepare 6o,boo•
sand-bags. • -

The admiral Martin, Captain DARIBE4II, whieh
the Emperor, when at Bayonne; sent off to Marti-
nique, has returned froM that colony aftet:' a passage;
out and home; of only 120 days.
Letters.from Pau state, that the Miquelettes in. that
quarter have been provided with arms, And. foimed
into a battalion, and that they are ready to match.
They consist of 1800 men, diVided into eight corn-
panics, and make an excellent appearance.
',ln every town that the corps of the Grand Arinv
pass through, they-are received with the same eAp
thusiasm. as in Paris. Tours and Sgumur have vied
with. Mefz. and Nancy in -the entertainments
to those brave fellows. Prom' Le Mans we
that the Dutch brigade, under the command of
Major-General CHASSE, marched in there .on the
29th of September. :They halted. on the 30th, and
on the Ist inst. continued their march for
wheie they were expe6ted on the Bth, Tbci will
he at Bourdeaux on the 17th, and on- the 24th at
Bayonne.,-• •

OCT. 8.--.11111 Moniteur of yesterday contains- se-
veral official docutnetits' relative to the Convutition
concluded between the Cottmlanders in Chief,of the
English and French armies in Portugal, according to.
witich the, latter, are to-.evacuate that lcingdom.—.4
Theie official documents are introduced by the ail-
lowing.obgervations ;

AccOrdind to. the papers received from. London,
there is, reason to think that shortly after the battle
of Vimiera, a fresh Expedition from England land-
ed, in Portugal; and.that the Uuke Of ABEANTEIii
notwithstanding the. advantage he had obtained, did
not think himself in a.condition to provide for t!:e
defence of the country, and to dispose of the .Eng.
lish. He thereforeTreferred entering into A Con-
vention, rather than to occupy his entrenched camp
and the forts of Lisbon, and to expose to destruthon
that lac city,, w4ll the good dispwitim of which ht

s.;11 had reason to be satisfied. The Duke may have .
2!.,0 been induced to take this step, by the uncer-
tainty he was• in respe&ing the measures taken in
France, and whether the period when he might re-
ceive a reinforcement was remote or near at hand.
It Na.urred to him that his best course was to carry
back his corps of troops to France, to form the rear-
guard of the Grand Army in. Spain, and some time'--
after to return into Portugal itself, which he now
evacuates. The facility, with which the English
could supply their army with provisions, and recruit
them with fresh troops, Is an additional reason for
thinking that the step taken by the Duke of
ABRANTES was that which prudence most strongly
dictated."

[Here follows a C-py of the London Gazette Extraordi-
nary of the 16th of September,]

Since the re-taking of Bilboa, nothing of any im-
portance has occurred in Spain. Upon the approach
of the French, General BLAKE precipitately evacuat-
ed that city ; this he was induced to do the more
speedily, 'in consequence of learning that whilst Mar-
shal NEY was marching with his troops agz.,inst Bil-
boa by way of Durango, General MOUTON was ad-
vancing with his division to Balmaseda to fall upon
his rear. It is confidently expected that our army
in Spain will Maintain its present position, until the
arrival of the different corps of the Grand Army,
now on their march ; but, with the utmost possible
expedition on the part of the troops, that cannot
take place before the beginning of November.
Our advices from Erfurth come down to the 3d of
06tober. The two Emperors pass a great part of the
day v)gether, and in the evening attend the Theatre.
PARIS, OCT. 9.-According to advices from
Bayonne, of the 4th, since the flight of the Spaniards
from Bilboa the columns of the insurgents precipi-
tately retreat the instant they perceive the French
ready to attack them.
Marshal Ntv has from 10,000 to 11,000 men in
Bilhoa and the environs. They observe the striaest
di,cipliue; and several of the inhabitants, who went
off with' the: iniprgent, have returned in conse-
quence of a proclamation from, the MiLrshal.
Letters from Vittoria, of-the.2d inst. state,, that
the French General MERLE had .taken possession of
St. Andero. The King was still .at Vittoria with his
Ministers, and the advanced posts of the centre ex-
tended as far as Bribiesca.

The 5 per cents. with dividend fromthe 22d ult.
gre at 80 t. 65 C;
ERFURTH, OCT. 2.—The Grand Duke CoNsTAN-
TiNa was seized with an indisposition the day after
his arrival.

.The Kings of Saxony and Westphalia have alrea-
dy arrit ed. To-morrow - we. expect the King of
Wirternburgh, and, on the 4th, thelc.ing ot Bava-
ria; and it the reports in circulation :'are to be cre-
dited, we may a 1 ,o expect the King of Prussia.
The. Ettiperch ALEXANDER ha. 3 not, as was, re-
ported, set of uir Weimar : nor will he proceed
thither before the conclusion of the pending sego.
tiations. It is rumoured that he will return home
by v‘ay of Vienna. Froin Rus,ia we.have here, be-
sides the Emperor and the Grand Duke CONsTAN-
TINE, the Minister or State Count RoNtANzow, the
Counsellor of State SoRVAis, the Grand Marotta!
Count MARKOLINI,•and both the Counts To.t.sT9y,
one of whotu is the Ambassador at the Court of Bois.
His Majesty the &aptl'or NApoLzou is acconvia-
nied by the Princvs of Neufchatel and Benevento, he
Grand Mister of the Horse (CAULLNCoURT),tht
nister (CnAmPANY), and the Secretary of State
(IlattET). Amorig the principal French !Officers
here, are Marshals LANNE%, INIORTIE,R, and DUROC,
with a number of Generals and Field Othcers be-
longing to Corps, the greater part of
a.vhich is, at present, quartered in Bavaria. Of the
German Princes, we have here Prince Wri,Liasi OF
PRUsSIA, the Duke of SAXE-GOTHA, the Prince of
HuMBLJEG, the Prince Of MECKLENBUROK-SCHWE-
FUN: tint! the Prince of RBNgz and Ilunat,sTADT:

Yesterday his Majesty the Emperor NAPOLEON
gave agrzh.o r!: at which were present his Ma-
je,ty the Emperor A.LEAA ',rpm the Kings of Saxony
and Wo•uphalia, the Duke of Saxe-GuL.,a, the He-
red:tary Prince of Weimar, the Prince Of Mecklen-
hur2b Schwerin, Prince WILLIAm Of Prussia, and
the Princes of Benevento aunt Neufchat'2l.
The Austrian G neral VINCENT wive,' here in the
even‘ng of the 28til ult. Yesterday morning he had
his ilist att.lience of the Emperor NApoLEON, and
immeiately attcr he had an audence of the Emperor
ALEXANDER. .- • •

wo Nona rchs daily meet aboutten o'clock, and
at the' terintration of their conference, theirNlajes-
ties, on horseWck, or in the same coach, make an
cxciarion among the neighbouring. 6llages.• The
prinjpal Ministers of both the Emperors have also
(lady cont .:levees, and on the 30th` ult. the Mini-
wei-s for Foreign Affairs, and the Secretaries of State
of both rower, were present at the interview of the

ttvti Emperors:
The truice Primate is expeaed here by the 4th

Or sti. instant.

Though the departure of the Emperor of. the
French I, tot yet positively fixed for a particular
dny, we .earn that the Postmasters-on the road to
-Franchturt by Wurtzburgh, have had orders to have
teiy:-; of horses ready about the .1.2111

HANUATEGH, Ucr. 4.—Advices from Constanti-
nople of oth of , August state, that -).4USTANIA
Bit iIACT eft corit iitae's to augment the Turkish forces,
not withstanding the constant negotiations going on
with Austria, to preserve a good understanding with
that Power. Orders have been sent to all the Pa-
ellas to (notch with their ret.ipekive forces to join the
main army, under pain of pa) ing ith their beads
_for any in,tance of disobedience' or negleo.
Detachments of Sp.itiiih troops, undtr escort,
continue. to pass through this city, on their march
to Ards the Rhine. •

Thee Danish East India Company have had infor-

13;uavia, of the arrival there on the I nth
at Mafcii of Cie Kronprinsen, Capt. Faocx, which
had been hired by the Dutch Government to carry
trk)iips to the eastern coast Of Java.

7.—The Konigsburgh Gazelle of the 22c1
This day his Majesty has proceeded
on his long intended journey to "Memel, for the pun-
po,e.of inspetting thit ruillary stations, and the for-
t;fkationi of the harhomß along the coast. The
Ciutee has also set oat for I.'leinel. Their Majesties
ate egpected to return in a few days."
A letter from Berlin of the 4th inst. says, " His
Excellency Marshal SouLT, and the General Admi-
ni,l rauir of .Fin;;nces Motu, who itt mf, upon the
arri; al of a Couri-e:14.1a) Erfulth„ 4it.expgted to re.,-

turn here. The palace of Prince RADZITM, is pre-
paring for the accommodation of the former; from
which it is inferred that the Marshal will not finally.
leave Berlin so soon as was supposed. This day the
10,5 th Regiment of the line marched •in here from
P6tsdain."
According to the latest advices firom Bt. Peters-
burgh, a new levy of 100,000 men is going flyward
in Russia. The Russian fleet remains in Port Baltic,
and all the attempts of the English against it.have
completely failed.
FRANKFORT, OCT. I.—Yesterday arrived here a
number of Spanish Officers in coaches. They pro-
ceeded towards Mentz. They are escorted by some
Dutch cavalry, but are allowed to wear their swords.
Seven and thirty pontoons have passed with all
expedition through this place for Mentz. On the
other hand, a squadron of French carbineers had
passed through for the interior of Germany.
AMSTERDAM, OCT. 6.—Yesterday evening, be-
tween six and seven o'clock, his Majesty safely ar-
rived at his palace in this capital. He held tHis day
a grand levee, which was numerously attended. •

-OcT. 9.—On the 23d ult. Joseph Peters, grena-
dier, and John Muitges, fusileer, in the 7th Dutch
regiment of the line, were shot between Hamburgh
and Altona, pursuant to the sentence of •a General
Court Martial, for disobedience and insubordination.
The Diable /Voir Dutch privateer captured be-
tween Heligoland and the Weser, and has carried
into a;lizici, the Fortuna, laden with piece goods,
and coming from Heligoland.
On the 26th ult. a vessel belonging to Knipbausen,
laden with hemp and pot-ash, was carried into Elsi-
neur by a Danish privateer.
According to letters from St. Petersburgh of the
14th September, four American vessels which ar-
rived there had been refused admission, on account
of their papers not being regular.
OCT. 11.—According to the Danish papers, .there
has been captured and carried into Christiansand a
Kniphausen vessel. laden with timber, an English
ship laden with coals, and the Jonge Cornelis,
_with
a cargo of sugar, coffee, and wine. The Alexander
has been carried into Egarsund.
PARIS, OCT. 8.---The Eiuperor, it is positively
stated, will return to this capital before the meeting
of the Legislative Body. Nothing has hitherto
transpired respecling the real object of the assemblage
of so many Sovereigns at Erturth.
The Alexandrine Privateer, of Calais, captured on-
the 3,1 init. off Portsmouth, after an obstinate aotion,
and has carried into Fecanap, an English Brig, of 284
tons, and 15 seamen, exclusiye of five nasseniers
and two French prisoners. She was on her. voyage
from a Spanish colony, and was laden with colonial
produce and logwood. The Captain gave up all their
private property to the passengers and the two pri-
soners.

*.* We intend to resume the historical Detail of BuoN/1.-
enares Campaign in Italy to.norrow, with an account
of the memorable Battle of Lodi.

MAILS.
ARRIVED-i Lisbon, 2 Dublin. Du z-2 Gottenburgh,
4 Watci.tord.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWLLVE O'CLOCK.
Consols . . 64} I Omnium - . par

THE SU' N,

SOLIDS QUIS DLCK& FALSVIS AUDIA;

LONDON,

MONPAY, •OCTOBULI 31, 1808.

Mr. SHAWE, the Messenger, reached Dover on
Saturday morning with Dispatches for Messrs. CHA
PAGNY and RONIANZOW. 1-He embarked about one
o'clock for Calais. He was received with great
civility, and permission was immediately given him
tr, proceed to Paris. The Commandant at Calais told
the Master of the Vessel that took Mr. SHAWE over,
that if he should come there again on a similar occa-
tion, and it should be rough weather, that he need,
not send ashore for permission to land, but might
sail direetly into the Harbour.

The Dispatch Packet is arrived at Falmouth with
Mails from Corunna, which she left on the 26th
instant; the Letters will not be delivered till to-

morrow.

We have received Dutch Papers to the 14th inst.
which contain Paris news to the gth. The Moniteur
has acknowledged the evacuation of Portugal by the
French Troops, and has with great adroitness taken
advantage of the clamour which has been raised in
this country upon that seb;c6t, to reconcile the peo,
pie of France to the measure. The very little infor-
mation which these Papers give, respecting the af-
fairs'of Spain, is of a very satisfa6tory natbre. It is
acknowledged that the reinforcements which have
been ordered to march from different parts of France
towards Spain, cannot reach their destination before
the beginning of next month, and we are no longer
told of the entire subjugation of Spain, and the pu-
nishment of the Rebels : it now is a matter of boast
that the French are able to maintain their position.
The news from Erfurth, in these Papers, comes
down to 66 2d inst.;—ALEXANDER and BUONA-,
PARTE divide' their days between business and plea-
sure. The eirenings they almost constantly devote
to the Theatre; 4ttended by the Kings of SAXONI4
BAVARIA, WRSTPLIALIA, and WIRTEMBURGII• The
Grand Duke Cotstiii,wrtits has been too much in-
disposed since his arrival at Erfurth to join in
the pneral festivities. If it be true that he at-
tended his brother to .14trfurth with great reluc-
tance, it is by no means' impossible that his indis-
position is merely political. Although the Emperor
of At.israt4 did not think it expedient to attend this
meeting, he sent General iiiitcENT there, probably

for the ptrpose of giving explanations respeaing
the extraordinary levy of troops in the Austrian
Dominions. •

WE are happy to have it in our power to lay be--
fore our Readers the Proclamation addressed by Ge-
neral ROMANA to his troops. It is a most animated
produEtion, and pays a just tribute to the exer-
tions made by this Country for their deliverance.
Some more Spanish Papers, to the 26th inst. have
reached town, but the news they bring is not very
important. A slight disturbance has happened at
Madrid, in consequence of the rashness and insolence
of some Frenchmen, who drank JOSEPH BuoNA-
PARTE'S health in a coffee-house, for which they
were immediately► put to death by the persons pre-
sent, and their bodies thrown into the street. The
mob that assembled upon the occasion went to the
Russian Minister's house, to demand some French-
men who were said to have taken refuge there. The
disturbance, however, was suppressed by the exer-
tions of the Government. Sir DAVID BAIRD% Army
Was to proceed, by divisions, to join the Army of
General BLAKE.

IT has been stated in some of the Public. Papers
that the Dulig of.CLAfustslcs is about to hoist his
Flag on board the BaOeur, but we have reason to
believe that there is -no' foundation whatever for the
report.

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY, PrincesseSAU-
AMELIA, and §OPHIA; accompanied by ,Earl.
\VINCHILSEA, Lads CRANBY, the HOll. MISS FINCH,
and Geheial FITZIIOY, rode to St. George's Chapel,

On Saturday Mr. fIAsE, of the Bank of England,
gave notice to the Stock Exchange that the Com-
missioners fortpurchasing Stock for the re:!emption
of the National D. bt wou►d in future purchase, on
every transfer day, 352,0001. in the 4 per cent. con-
sols, instead:of buying 3 per cent. consols, as had
usually been the custom. This arrangement pro-
duced an immediate advance in the Funds.

General KELLERMAN, we understand, states, that
if we had not asSented to the terms proposed, Ju-
NOT hod resolved to barn Lisbon to ashes, as well
as all the Ships in the Tagus, and then to have
passed over to Fort Elves, which he would strongly
have fiftitied, and in which he could lu:e held out
for nine months against an army of 60,000 men.—
Such a determination is exaCtly.consownt with the
ferocious and desperate chara&er of RINOT, and
wouldprobably have been attempted.

At present, when so little is suffered to transpire
respetting the internal state of France, the following
particulars, with which we have been favoured by a
Gentleman who left Paris about the time of ROGNA•
kARTE'S departure for Erfurth, will, we have no
doubt, be acceptable to our Readers.
" France," he says, " may be considered at the
present r00,,114§14 either as nn the eve of a great crisis,
or as likely to reruain for a long time in the state of
terror, slavery, and misfortune into which it it sunk.
If the interview between the two Emperors, instead
of terminating in an ninon of views, was produ&ive
of a difference of opinion, a,s many were led to pre-
sume would be the case, from the known and pro-
nounced disposition of the Emperor of RUSSIA for
peace, Buta;iAPARTI would thus be deprived of his
chief support. But if, on the other hand, they
should agree to carry the war into the Levant, no-
thing but a prolongation of the present syatem was
expected.
" The great mass of the people suffer, complain,
and talk of peace, but their murmurs, and the ex-
pressions of their wishes are no soonet 01,ered, than
stifled by a multitude of G:ovrutilett, A,.;enis some-
times by threats, and at other tunes by Molding out
to them the flattering hopes of a speedy return of
prosperity and happiness. Tile affairs of Spain, have
produced a lively sensation, partn..'ularly upon the
mind of the soldier, who, fatigued with the war,' *lli
anxious for repose.
" There have been serious disturbances in the
countries adjoining to tiie Pyrenees, occasioned by
the information which it has b impossible to ex-
clude, of th..: ree ut events in Spain. These dis•
turbances, however, were sveedtly suppressed, and
it was known only to a eery few iniiNiduals in the
capital that ever thec existed, Rewards and pr. -
wises have twen lavished upon the Officers; and, in
ki kw instances, where a spirit of mutiny and disobe-
dience has mat ifestel itself, exemplary punishments
haire ben indicted, which have prevented it from
spreading.
''The army is encouraged with the hopes of new
conquest, where they will find more plunder. They
no longer talk of English guineas, as they did at
Boulogne, but of the treasures of the Seraglio of the
Grand Signior. Pillage and promotion are two pow-
erful incentives for the army, and its Chief knowing
its weak side, disposes of it as he pleases.
" Commerce is every where completely extinEt.
The great proportion of the manufactures being en-
tirely at a stand, and the workmen have no alterna-
tive but to die of hunger or enter into the army,
where they have food and clothing. The sea-ports
are deserted, particularly since the Embargo laid
upon the American vessels; and the seamen former-
ly employed in navigating the merchantmen are
compelled to seek subsistence on board the ships of
war.

" The monied men having no means of employ-
ing their capitals, repair to Paris, and solicit places,
and the existing Government thus derives energy
from that ambition which causes the ruin of States,
and the misery consequent upon it.
As to the public finances, it is quite impossible
to penetrate the mystery in which they are hive-
lopped. The interest of the debt is regularly paid,
and the taxes thakigh most oppressive, and raised
with difficulty, are nevertheless productive.

" The enormous contributions levied upon -the
conquered countries, and the expeuce of maintaining
the army falling almost wholly upon the States
which it has subjugated, are circumstances which
have contributed nut a little to the improvement of
the revenue."
