BICUSSELS AND FRANKFORT ?AVERS.

BRUSSELS, JAV. 4.----All is quiet on the Fron-
tiers of France from Metz to Dunkirk : themili-
tary movements that had been observed have en,
tirely ceased ; the different corps of the army have
indeed received reinforcetnents, but this measure

was natural at a moment whcn so many prisoners
of war are returning home to their country.—
People say that the garriSons of the fortresses in
the Departments of the North, and of the Straits
of Calais, are numerous, and that of Lille in par-
ticular is composed of 12,000 foot and two regi-
ments of horse.. But in making this observation
people forget that France, being reduced to her
ancient limits, tupst necessarily retain a consider-
able force within them. When the Prince de Soubise
was Governor of French Flanders before- the Re—
volution, the garrison of Lille was frequently
composed Of 1 6,000 men effective. The centre
of Europe will enjoy a long peace ; of this there
can be no doubt if at this moment any clouds
arise, it is towards Turkey that we must turn our
eyes---the empire of the Crescent is threatened.
The Barbary States which subsist on pillage are
equally so ; Europe feels that it is necessary to
punish banditti, whose boldness is increased by
long impunity, and at lepgth to carry war into
their retreats.

The affair which has made it necessary to ar-
rest General Excelinans, and to have him tried

by a Court-martial, makes a great noise in France,
especially in the army : the General is expected in
a few days at Lille, where the Court-martial that
is to sit upon him is forming. Count lialon, who
is distinguished by his military service, will be

President. Souk years ago, General Excelmans,
when only Colonel of the Ist regiment of Chas-
sears, on horseback, was for a long time in garri-
wn at Ghent and Brmsels. At the moment that
he is going to be tried, it is partic►►larly interest-

ing to kni).w the nature of the crime Of which he.
is accused, and the more so, as the French Jour-
nals are wholly silent on this head. The follow-
ing are the details of this. affair
Lord Oxford having passed with his family some
time upon the Continent,-returned to England on
some family business which required his presence.
After having passed but a short time in his native
country, he returned to France in November, in-
tending to joi❑ his wife and children at Naples.
Stopping- for some days at Paris on the way, he
had the imprudence to say, that he was the bearer
of letters-of great consequence. The inconside-
rate expressions of his. Lordship having excited
suspicion, his Majesty, upon a report made by the
Police, ordered him to be arrested, which, in
fact, tobk.place near Ville Juif, where his pocket-
-book was seized. Lord. Oxford complained to
the Duke of Wellington of this violation of the
law of nations, and demanded the restitution of
the papers' which had been taken from him ;
but the Ambassador, who upon his Lordship's
demand had taken some steps, was- soon con-
vinced that his countryman was culpable, 'and
the affair went no farther between the Ambassd.
dor and the Government. Now, among the
papers seized were found some which left no. doubt
that General Excelmans kept up a correspondence
with the King of Naples, and that he gave to
that Sovereign the assurance that there was.still in
-France, and above all in Paris, a strong. party for'
Buonaparte, and that there was at this, very ro-
went, in the capital, a considerable number of
persons who might be depended on, and who
were ready to assist in restoring the late Govern=

meat.
Upon , a report made to the King by General
Dupont, Minister of War, it was merely signi-
fied to General Excelmans, through the goodness
of his Majesty, to be more circumspect for the
; but the Duke of Dalmatia succeeding to
the Ministry, saw the conduct of the General in
a more criminal point of view than his predeces-
sor bad done, and -ordered hint to be arrested, as
having, by hi's refusal, declared himself disobe-
dient-to the orders of his superior, and to be tried
by a Churt-thartial. What a contrast between
the conduct of Louis !N.:VIII. and that of Napo-
leon, for whom a bare suspicion was enough. to
plunge a brave soldier into a loathsome dungeon,
where he often languisted for years together,
without being even interrogated concerning the
crimes imputed to him.—(Oracle, Jan. 5.)
FRANKFORT, JAN. 1.-The Chronicle. of the
Ceingress received last night, contains some letters
from Vienna, the following accounts, particularly
relating to Germany :
Dec. 21.—The plan already published for tire
division of Germany into Circles, and the appoint-
ment of Directors of Circles, will not be realised,
It is withdrawn because the Directors..of Circles
must have had too much influence in the concerns
of the single States of the Confederation. On the
other hand, the plan of a General Tribunal of the
Confederation proposed by Austria will be carried
into effect. This Tribunal will consist of. Dept,.
ties from all the German States. ' Austria and'
Prussia take a part in it, for one part of their do-
minions. The Tribunal will deride principally on
complaints of the States of the country against•the
Sovereigns.
According to the Registers, which will one day
be made known. to Germany, and will confirm
this account, a certain Sovereign has been per-
snarled with great difficulty. to accede to this plan:•
His consent, it seems, has not yet been formally
given ; but, as things stand, is not to be doubted
of. " The Sovereign (so says the Register), has
already made such great sacrifices to the cause of
Germany. He has even adopted the idea of esta
wishing Assemblies of the States, and now he'shall
make a farther sacrifice, and recognise a third
party as jtidge.bet ween the States and the Sove-
reign. That is asking too much, that he Can-
not accede to. If any difference should arise be-
tween the Sovereign and the States, it might he
referred to the mediation of another State. &Tri-
bunal is therefore of no nse. The two great
Powers Lave, however, proceeded on the idea that

.such a Tribunal is necessary for Coe freedom of
the State, and the erection of the Tribunal by the
complete majorit) ()Notes can hardly be doubo.
This point being gained, will probably appear
a principal basis of the German Constitution. -1.1•_
is now in debate where the future Tribunal of ti.c
Confederation shall have its sittings ; Frauklort'
Ratisbon, Nuremberg, and Augsburg, Dave Keen
proposed."
DEc. 22.—A difficult problem for the wisdom
of the Congress is to satisfy as far as possible the
Mediatiad 1'; i!lees. They are powerfully sup-
ported by two great Courts. Among them is the
venerable Prince Metternich (the Father), who
has deserved so highly of Germany. Prussia has
already given an example, as we "see in the Berlin
Gazette of the 10th, that it orders, all the toes
since Nov. 1, 1813, to be paid back to the media"
used Princes, and 'has concluded a Very 61'00-
able cdavention with Count Stolberg \Venlig"
rode.. Another Court expressed, in the Committee
the most liberal principles in respect of those.
Princes. A third is said to have declared itself
expressly against their reinstatement in corral"
important rights, but desires that their future Si
Illation may be such as to afford, »o ground for
complaint. At, all events, therefore, their situ'''.
tion will be better. , Some of the greatest nil
perhaps be raised' to the rank ot Someign,
the others obtain a great improvement of the't.
condition. The Congress endeavours to aecoll"
plish all this without any dictating will, that e°
unnatural 'edifice - may arise ; and thus it is coo"
pellet! to proceed. slowly, for the good of the
whole.

Dac. 23.—Yesterday a second plan for a
man Constitution was, deliiiered iu by Austria.

af:
NEXT WEDNESDAY THE LOTTERY BEGINS.—rr.,--u,
FIRST TICKET DRAWN A PRIZE ABOVE /,.25 ‘B7l';',z
RECEIVE L:to,000 IN ADDITION, AND MAY prvo% •'•
A PRIZE OF L. 30,000.

MAILS.
,ARRIVED-1 Holland, I Waterford, Dun-1 Lisbon, 21-laur

burgh.

PRICE OF STOCKS
Tills DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Bank 1,. Ann. 16; 7-16ths
India Bonds, 20s. pr.
Exciieq. Bills, 3s. us. pr.
dis.
Cons. for Account,

Bank Stock,
3 per Cent. Red. 6.:1/
3 per Cent. (Aim. 6511,1 ex. div.
4 per Cent. Cons. 82i
per Cent. Navy Ann. 94
ex. div.

HIGH WATBR AT LONDON BRIDGE To-340R0%.
Morning, 25 minutes alter 3. Evening, 51 minutes aft."

TH E SUN.

SOLEM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11,1315.

A Dutch Mail, in a Letter from Ghent, de-
scribes an Entertainment given by the Americas
Legation to the British Commissioners.•
It
breathes a spirit which we should, like to see uni"
versa' ; for wizen the sword of war is sheathed po- •
thing is so becoming as an oblivion of all that can
lead to angry criminations and the perpetuation of
everlasting b atrQd.
If may depend on the statement, that the
Department of the Roer has been definitively an-
nexed to Prussia, it will afford good reason for sup-,
posing that that Power has abandoned its claius.
for at least a portion of Saxony, as if it accepts
of indemnities in Westphalia, it cannot require
them also in Saxony.

Brussels Papers to the 6th inst. arrived last
night. According to these the military prepara"
tions on thesfrontiers of France bad been in a
great degree suspended, The intcllige►ace
them from Vienna chiefly relates to matters of de"
tail tegarclin.g Germany.

The Newspapers which are most violent in Oleic
censures upon the Spanish Government, are not
at the same time consistent in their censures, Irc
warranted in their, deductions. They tell us
every Frenchman in Spain is persecuted : this
spews no love for France ! They also assure
that decrees highly favourable to French cool"
merce, and injurious to that of England, have
been promulgated by FERDINAND VII. Avonld
.
not the candid inference be, that in-these measures
his Majesty had only consulted what lie 01°`10t
to be the best interests of:Spain. _ To us it cc"'
tainly appears so.

The Lords of the Treasury being fully coa"
winced of the policy of the measures 'which tb6
have adopted respecting the Bonding System, hal
begun lo enforce the payment of the deliciencieg
alder that System, and- in consequence, it
stated, issued seven writs yesterday, to compel
the payment of duties on Bonded Wines.. Morc,
it 16 understood, will be issued this day, on ac-
count of Spirits.
• .

The case of Baron d'lmecer will Ite decided to"

The Chronicle has been busy pre-judg"
ing the question, and publishing the case of this
Person and his Advisers ;—a just and fair proceed-
in; whilet he matter is sub judicel It pretends t°°'
that the Public are much interested in the matte'
We believe there has not been the slightest
interest
excited beyond the circle of the worthy DILL"
Baoucli An., Chronicle, DIMBERT and- Co. for
no one of w r
whom does the Public care one ,for
hltt [link, on the contrary, that if theY

morrow.

Were all deported together the country would be
greatly benefited by the measure. -

The same liberal Journal has forgotten the me-
rits of ML WELLESLEY POLE for one daY, to eject
a spurt of its venom at Mr. HusiussoN, whose
acknowledged abilities entitle him fully to this
distinction: me charge alledged against this
eentlernan is so mean and hnpotent, 'as to savour
"en more of folly than the common knavery of
the Talents would have permitted us to think pos-
4ible. The .great and important CommerCial Town
Liverpriol, has it seems an Office in London to
f4eititate the dispatch of its corporate business, and
14tercourse with itsßepresentatives and Parliament.
the absence of his friend Mr. CANNING,
RusKrssoN. has, it is said, franked some of
their letters, and the chronicle is of opinion that
there ought to be a Parliamentary enquiry into
I's shocking job—this most. corrupt business !
dear I •

'ttget of a Letter from a Gentleman inParis, to a Gentle'
i; man in Edinburgh, doted Dec. 12.
I am astonished at the reports published in several of the
Ihs "454 Newspapers respecting the sentiments of the people
t-4 ',.a.nce. I 'have constantly mixed with Frenchmen of all
,a 4(4iPtions for the last months and know their opinions well
tluld)t amongst the reduced half-pay Officers and soldiers,
ZIY Prefer the late Emperor and war ; for plunder and pit-
tp°tvere their trade; but I can confidently state, that nine-
gialltl/Inf the people of France are delighted with the recent
ht; and prefer the BOURBONS and frecdom and happine,ss
'ilauwenaTE and slavery and tyranny."

lesterday his Royal. Highness the Mike of
Ilthe (11 a Military Levee, at his Office at the
arse Guards. •
4sterday Lord SIDNIOUTH arrived in town,
411 transacted business at his Officeat the Trea-
t,4l.Y,' After which, his -Lordship had a long in-
brv'ew with. Lord BATIIURST, at his Office in
• 'fling-street.
is 'llfe Earl of MALMSEURY, we are ha in,learn,,
liluc ppy
.4u h better. His Lordship sat up several
p,
•s.yesterday.
41,The French Ambassador entertained a party at
t/eryesterday, at his house in Portman-square.
Iltrlie Court-martial which is to
assemble on
,roday next at Winchester, for the trial of Sir
4:113N MUREAII is not expected 'to last long,
of ere are butiew witnesses sttmmoned in support
the prosecution.
The General Congress of New Granada has, it
4.l4Laiti., made propositions to the British Govern-
ite'llattnrce:pecting the maintenance of their inde-
e
eo Thu t x tench Treasury Bills are now at a dis-
v: 'f 15 per cent. and few, if any of them,
sp,-e-napt this low rate,. have tempted the avidity of
i
It I.N ")o. n England.
thattUe been -stated; but we believe erroneously,
renapr.°vincesVenezuela, as well. as Cartba-
the Si,-,(';',anta F 4, are entirely in possession of
-test insurgents.- *On- the cotitrary, the
teu-s- at'vices from Caraccas state, that the insur-
trets had been entirely routed in that quarter,. and
O°numbers had -fled to -the mountains ; others
ka. by water to. Santa Fe, and other places,
the whole were dispersed.
Pthe month of Slily. last the fall of Buotca-
ice't was celebrated_on the frontiers of China.
Russian troops at Troitzkoi-Sawosk gave a
fie, at which 100 Chinese, and a number of-
tsrltirs, were present. The Society of Merchants
Ilea in
.he same place afterwards gave an-
tat er.
trrNl..e Grand Duchy of Tuscany is said to be
pose
TT With numerous hands 'of brigands, com-
Itho of discharged soldiers and deserters, from
1341) it is said, Mtrawr receives many recruit!.
11q SIGUTov, JAN. 9.—Yesterday the PRINCE
110,,rell'r rode on the Western Downs for near two
rte;.B ; after which he had a select party to din-
Ner;ertand in the evening there was a Concert of
tLeptl • Musie.—The Magistrates this day reduced
v,,ee of the quartern loaf to ten-pence,
koatibikcoA, Nov. 's.—" During the- last ten
1-11 ere has been no rain in colony ;-a
it4iti.„l 41tiong the horned cattle has been the
4elll consequence. More than 1700 head have
Nltti°st on someplantations. The loWer classes
ftni',e;'44ves have been exposed to the prospect
'4(l "Ile.• The attention of the Governor, and
ener
11111. a' Le Coy Tana, has relieved,
,as tar- as
411 s tneaus could'reach, their distressed situa-
t„,„
of OSTAN NEWs.—The sieges of- the towns
I,4tatiLuv°tl and Khuraira still continue. The
i,ll4te at both places have been marked with,
ktsual spirit and activity. Hardly a
1,,e Without a 'skirmish, and the sallies
1,}1.14.11 , garrisons have been frequent. The
ih_tassigt lerowly hating sent 1000 of his troops
4 the reduction of Khuraira, has had:the
-tri,llltiel"qn to witness-not only their defection
aettielnse which he had espoused, but_emu
jail tr, jUlletiOn with the enemy. Corrupted
;';t(tn. hey, or seduced by the promises of the
.ith -
e tnarched in a body from the camp
rckiisfießers to the lines of the besieged ; they
-)eti their new destination in safety, except
t 41)( who were seized in their progress to the
set, (Itrd ,
m 1 sere it»erliately dismantled. of their
serl at tti ("
•rs• The Rajah himself, justly iu--
P 4
littAg,a ell conduct, has very unjustly tvreaked
tilt,"ies uce upon their innocent and defenceless
,it,414 Wandering atadestroving them with re-
ii violence. •
k,,ilcp,:'Portaut trial between Lords 1-ToLLANn
Orespecting. the tight to HO-
the and its 'beautiful demesne, will come
rt,cll,l4.,,,,S.lttings after next Term.
tit'llivt4lll‘%%tic.nA--'4('--E, JAN. 1.7--We had but few
,_
I(it,' kit -luny kind of Grain this morning, ut.,
011;( tht,,.uver from Monday. Tiro prices or
c'trit ay, 4`be, natal nominally•the same as on
very few sales were effected. Oats
tti)l44.YslP‘v at Monday's prices: Fine.Bar-
lhia.:u " 4
slt price. In othcr kinds of GI ain
IteraU n.

NAVAL NEWS.

Extract of a Letter from the Master of the brig Margaret

and Francis, dated Cork, 6th Jansary, 1315.

I was about 200 nines \Vest of Scilly on the
Ist inst. where meeting with violent gales from
the .W. and W. S.\V. arid lying-to for three days,
was -obliged to run into Cork on the night of
the 3d inst.- ,We. were followed by a -schooner
privateer from the 'Old Head of Kinsale to the
Mouth of Cork Harbour, where nothing but the
darkness of the night prevented my being taken.
Strange to relate, that, during my being at sea, 1
never saw an Engli.Sh man of war ; but here I
find no less than 15 sail, great and small."

DEAL, JAN. 10.---The Charles Grant, Inglis,
Vansittart, Essex, David Scott, and the Marquis
of Camden East Indianron, are detained in the
Downs by contrary winds. Came down from the
River the Oxford, FUTEERBY, bound to Gibral-
tar.—Wind W. .

FALmotifif, JAN. 8.----Arrived the Staverton,
from Waterford. Sailed the Prince Ernest packet,
with a mail for Lisbon.—Wind N. N.W.
PLYMOUTH, *JAN. 9,—Came in the Good In-
tent, HARN, from Waterford i and the Graciense,
DUFOUR, from L'Orient.—Wind E.
LIVERPOOL, JAN. 9.—Arrived the Eainnering,
BORNMANN, froni Dantzic, With loss of anchors
and cables. The Princess Wilhelmina, from
Swinemunde for Liverpool, was driven on shore
at l'ortaseg.

The West India fleet had not sailed front Cork
the sth. inst. The wind was that day S. E.
The Prefect, KELCHER, front Jamaica, is ar-
rived at the South of Ireland, with considerable
damage. •

The Vrow Antoinette,VIERSTREIG, fr9m Rot-
terdam to London, was lost the 31st ult. near
Brielle.

•
The Forth, SIMPSON, from Halifax to the Clyde,
has been taken' and burnt by an American priva-
teer, within 30 miles of Halifax.

The Hazard, from Halifax to Annapolis, was
taken and burnt, about the 20th Nov. near Hali-
fax, by the Lawrence privateer. -
Serious fears are entertained for the safety of
three gun-boats, which sailed from Plymouth on
Wednesday sennight for the protection of the
Clyde and Dee Rivers, under convoy of the Bit-
tern. The latter ship returned on Friday ; and as
the boats are very low in the water, and indiffe-
rent vessels, it is apprehended that they are gone
to the bottom.—(Glasgow Paper.).
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East India House, when Captain P. GRANT was
sworn into the command of the Streatham, des-
tined to Madras and Bengal.

ROYAL ACADEMY.-Mr. TURNER, Professor of
Perspective to this Institution, whose abilities as
an Artist need no eulogium from us, gave his se-
cond Lecture on Perspective last night. We en-
tered so fully into a former Course given by this
Gentleman, that it would be needless for us to
resume the subject, even if it were not of such a
technical description as to be too abstruse for the
readers of a Public Journal. It is sufficient to
say, that he treated it with his usual precision,
and illustrated its application to Architecture and
Painting, in such a manner as must have afforded
many instructive lights to the Students who at-
tended him, and who, by their applause at the
close, evinced how highly they were gratified by
this.ingenius discourse.

The Tragedy of Richard the Second is, we un-
derstand, to be soon revived at Drury-lane Thea-
tre, for the purpose of introducing Mr. KEAN ill
the unfortunate hero of the piece.
We are sorry to learn, that a house of consi-
derable importance in the sugar trade, stopped
payment yesterday, for a large amount.
Several Noblemen and Gentlemen have sub-
scribed to present the Duke of WELLINGTON with
a grand shield, blazoned with his achievementS.
it is to be of massy silver, three feet in diameter.,
The circernference is to be divided into eleven com-
partments, descriptive of his various battles. In
the centre the Duke of WELtmoToN appears on
horseback, attended by the Generals Lord HILL,
Lord BERESFORD, and other distinguished Officers..
The figures are in basso relievo, and they leave the
Duke prominent.
At the sitting of Magistrates at the Town Hall of
Brighton yesterday, :Gentleman of some conse-
quence in the commercial world, a Mr. C. preferred
a complaintagainst a stable-keeper and post=horse-
master.of Brighton, viz. that the language of the
head-ostler of the said post-master, on the ap-
rlication of Mr. C— to obtain four post-horses
to convey him from hence, unequivocally
plied, that a combination had been entered into
to keep the price of post work up to the standard
of eighteen-pence the mile-, to the injury of the ,
traveller and the Public. Mr Serjeant RUNNING-
TON clearly explained the law upon this subject ;
and the result of the whole was, entering into
recognizances for a prosecution and defence be-
tween the parties at issue, at the Easter Quarter
Sessions at Lewes. Another stable-keeper was
implicated in the same proceedings.
The battle betwixt Smith and Scroggins, for 50
guineas, will take place this day, .11 miles from
London.

" Precis Historique sur Buonaparte.7 The
Translation of this Work will appear to-morrow.
The facts disclosed in it, seem to have caused aLI ex-
traordinary sensation in _France, where six editions
have already been published.
• All ranks are flocking to -the Lottery Offices at
both ehds of the Town, to make their purchases
before next Wednesday, the day this' very inte-
resting Lottery begins drawing ; and which,
among other large Prizes, has. Two of 20,0001.
and Two of 10,0001. Such an opportunity, in a
Lottery of only 12,000 Tickets tu,iyUot, oc-
cur for an .age to come.
