-------
strictly this, that the system of coercion and intimidation—(Loud cheer.
ing from the Opposition)—which was followed on the opposite side)--
(Laughter)—would create a similar feeling of violence all over England, it:
it were longer persevered in.—(Cheers and laughter on the Opposition
side of the House.) It carried to the same extent elsewhere as it bad.
been in the county of Roxburgh—(Renewed cheers from the Opposi-
tion)—a return of that violence would be hut natural on the part of
the lower orders of the people.—(Laughter tied cheers.) It was all very
fin: for Honourable Gentlemen to cheer, but he would s ive an in-
and
oi at, „pot, arm expended a great deal of capital in its &It.'
ce. •... .
"e had it from a man 78 years of age, wholived thirty years
improvement, that, bee...;tise he would not promise to vote fir theoieae"e;
dictate opposed to the liberal ;;:!erest, in the first instance six :111
previous to the election taking place, he was served otitis a notice to (1111 r,
and because he would not stay away from the hustings and refrain from
giving his vote to the candidate of his choice, wh
en the election caul
vation
on he was turned out. That was the reward he received for.hishonestas
etic
and incorruptibiLty.—(Hear.) But it was not a stray case--
fifty others a4well as him in the town of Hawick who could tell tite saline
story. Now, with these facts before them, he would ask wheherba
large manufacturing population like that of Hawick were greatly •4:13 e
condemned if, with a similar knowledge, they sympathised with tlet
fellow-countrymen and assisted them in their way against the politicta
agents and satellitea of the Duke of Buccleuch ? Next, with regard te
the charge that the constables did not do their duty. In many cases it
s
might be that they did not; but it was not so in all cases. It
viat
.
re were
sworn that the Magistrates wore his (Captain Elliot's) colours, and :._
the constables did the same. But the contrary was the tact, althosts,
he did not mean to say that those who made affidavit to that effect did
not believe they were stating the truth. The Magistrates wore ll°
th
colours of his—he was ready to depose to it if necessary ; end as for
constables, on being sworn in they were informed that in case any of
them mounted a colour of aetv kind he should be mulcted of all the
salary he was entitled to receive. It was stated that the constableS
were not impartially selected. How- was the fact? Fifty of Oleos
were from the country, and the remainim; one hundred and fifty were
nominated by the manufacturers of all political creeds, to whom lists
I ad been expressly sent for the purpose by the Magistrates of the bo-
rough. His Honourable Opponent (the Honourable F. Scott), cramo
-
med AO doubt by others, 'had, at a public dinner given at Kels ,
roundly charged his (Captain 'Elliot's) brother (Lord .1;.! into) with
p'anning, and concocting, and assisting in these riots ; end the Hon-
Member
Member for Selkirk shire had {made a similar assertion, equally' un
founded. But the whole of these statements were utterly and entire)'untrue, from heeinning to end —,(Hear.) The Hon. Member for Se:-
kirk had stated that among the individuals who stimulated the mob
were some who held the highest place in We nation ; and he charecri
Admiral Elliot, his (Captain Elliott's) other brother, with making a
speech to excite the people to excesses. As to the latter charge, nil
that Admiral Elliot had said was addressed to a few women whom he met
at the corner of the street in favour of him ; and as to the charges
against Lor.l Minto, that he had instigate-I the mob, the only answer
which he could give it was to state, as he could do most unequivocally'
that lie was not in the town et all during the first day—the mill 61
on which there was any disturbance allegedexcept for a quarter Of 551
hour before the close of the poll. The Hon. Member for Selkirk went °n
further to ask who prevented the constituted authorities from introducing.
the military into the town ? If that was a crime Lord Minto certainly
pleaded guilty to it; his only excuse being that at the time the town was
in a state of perfect quiet. Admiral Elliot had not alone offered the'
sheriff' to assist him in preserving the peace, but had actually by
extrtions succeeded in rescuing Lord John Scott from the pressure of the
crowd On
the arrival of the London mail. There never was at any one
period a riot.— Cheers and laughter.) Whatever motives may have in'
fluenced Some, Most certainly all those 6eults did not arise from a wuh
to interfere with the freca.l
persons who had changed n of election, but from a dislike of some
~.they politics, as the Right Hon. Baronet
did, and the people of Carlisle eemed to estimate that change 'ts
the people of Hawick did.—(Cheers.) _He was not going to inquire iot°
the causes of that change, but this wag the reason oe the detestation
of the people against Richard Young. lie did not justify the at-
tack, but the motive was not to interfere with the freedom of election:
As to the polling booth, the sherif proposed to have' the polling i(t.:
the house of the Tory party, but his voters would not go there, an
thee the sheriff put the polling-booth close to the door of the Toriya
Committee room. Now, as to the baffles being his partisans, ht w d
ask, was the sheriff' of Roxburgh, who placed the booth as he ,Jl,
stated, a partisan ? If the polling place be removed from Havi'ec-r;
where is it to be ? There is no other place, because the sheriff ha
totally altered the places of polling since the Reform Bill. The shereje
was his relation and a private friend ; but in this case lie could saY, e
Lord deliver him from his friend.—(A laugh.) Lord Minto mw
Lord Lothian near Hawick with some troopers. He begged Lord l
O t'',
hm first not to bring those men into the town before he had ti
the civil power. Lord Lothian did not then bring the troops in, 3
Lord Minto Went into the town and entreated the people not to cans
any riot, and they cheered him, and followed his advice. It was ungencronc:
to attempt to connect his family with riots. lie was quite sure lie'
John Scott was never afraid to go to the poll, although it had bee,:
so said ; 300 constables were on the spot, ready, if necessary, to Pty
tech the voters, but they were not called on. He could confide
nl
say that during the election the town of Hawick was much quieter than
that House had been during the night.—( A laugh.) The She gaav,e,
a certificate that there was no obstruction on the second day ;
that the electors were labouring under a moral obstruction from the ft.,_
of tile previous day. Nothing could be more r 4 gular or even their
polling ai the diffaent hours of the day, and this proved that there
irs,,
no intimidation, and that the voters did not stay away. He (C'Pt`ilait
Elliot) had, as was the case with most candidates at elections, a 'feet,
" corps de reserve" in readiness, and Mr. Scott must have polled At nt7at
fifty more men before lie could have cau,,ht him—(Hear, hear)—s°
eet
he must say that aonere palpably absurd story than this hail nevereo,!'"2'9
invented.—(lronical cheers from the Conservatives.) Out of th
persons who had signed the petition there were only 164 froend this
Hawick district. A voter of the name of Drummond, who had sib had
had
petition, called upon him the other day, aieclon asking him with
done so, he said that he was not aware that It had anythiel,' t° orrietY
hot
Ilawick, but was under the impression that it reta:red to the Pr 'under
of establishing a polling place at Melrose, and that lieb,:d signed it
ought
a desire to see that town made a polling place. Now Ma's Scott
sign these
certainly to have first explained to those whom he asked to The
been what their object was, and very little attention ought t.
been paid to any petition signed in such a manner as this had been. t
crime of the electors'of Hawick was not that they had torn off the at
i tails of their opponents and put them in the river, which, by the bye'
, was not knee-deep after all.—(A, laugh.) One of the Judges, and eve,
the Right Honourable Barobet himself, had much mistaken the nun"
ber of those who were put into the river, as it had never been pre-
tended by any other persons that more than two or three indi-
viduals were thrown into it.—(Hear, hear, hear.) But the real
crime of the electors of Hawick was that they were a people full of
intelligence, honesty, and political independence—(lronical cheers trot°
the Conservatives)--and that was the reason why it was now thought
necessary to apply for an ex post facto law to punish those who dared tc°l
resist the mandates of the satellites of the great Buccleucli.—(Hear, an,
laughter from the Conservatives.) The utmost had been done to
midate and corrupt them, but they were staunch; and the Conservatives
felt they could no longer find among them any materials to AVOSIC
and therefore were compelled to come to the House of Commons throttf;
the agency of the Right Hon. Baronet to effs'ct their object. throe he
Hon. Gentleman then concluded by stating that this was a mere path
motion, that he looked upon it as such, and should give a motion w'o.
such an aim and object as this his most strenuous and determined °PP
sition.—(Hear.) oeate
Mr. PRINGLE was understood to say that if the Lord Ada _
had performed his duty as he ought to have done he would have tak;
the matter up in the first instance, for he ought to know that if se re
things were allowed to pass over without notice this was not the '
occurrence of the kind that they were likely to hear of.—(Hear.)
which
Mr. IIORSMAN rose, amidst loud cries of " Divide, divide," „ts,
prevented the Honourable Member from proceeding for some morae
Ile said this was not only a new but an important and A constituut ,11)le
question, and if they adopted the proposition of the Right Hono
Baronet he could not help thinking that they would be establisinfil get
dangerous precedent.— (Cries of " Oh, oh.") At all events they °-ies
who were well informed on the subject. Not only
not to go to- a division without hearing the opinions of those P 7 a
, new one, but the-proposition of the Right Honourable Baronet wrvidce
that been never heard of before..:-(Renewed cries of" Oh, oh,' " Pse was
divide.") The object the Right Honourable Baronet had in vise rots
to have the polling place removed front Hawick, and simply becaus only
had ensued in consequence of the introduction of the military, notail
when there was no occasion for their presence, but in fact be Unshed
ilistrbance began. /le feared that if the precedent were once est3h:reol,
they would soon have all other elections placed under military On eooe
and this he thought he should be able to show would he t°,1,95f On
stitutional iproceeding. On what was this motion founded ? %' but it
the evidence taken before the Roxburgh Election Committee;
dircao
was the questioreive
should not be forgotten that the echoic' of that evidence proceed other,
partisans, who were unduly biassed in favour of one party ter the testi'
and whose statements, therefore, were characterised by ex3ggerd3
The Hon. Gentleman complained that the Right Hon. Baronet had
5 it
dealt fairly with the evidence, and that he had used it only s° farrioesr,
would serve the purpose which he had in view. He had made it 'tters
from the manner in which he had described the evidence of Mr' ;-
son, that lie was a much injured person. sea evi-
Sir JAMES Glt A 11A7,1 had stated nothing, but merely read
deuce (vim the Report.—(Cheers from the Opposition benches.) nifc4
Mr. HO 'ISM AN said it was of that he complained. It was lee 3,
that the Right Hon. Gentleman had read the whole of the evi"ei3eceo 3
(Cheers from are Opposition benches)—and that be had onlY g. pas"
part of it. The Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to read severse'e;,ere
sages from the evidence, to show that the Right Hon. Baronet ha.' to
stated the facts, and that the riots were not of so serious a nature' 'tot
call for the presence of the military. -He then adverted to the riot'ers at
(secured in Carlisle in the years 1821 and 1827. The disturban,e the
Hawick werAnot to be compared with those riots, and yet not ois1fur
Right Hon. ientleman, but the Right Hon. Baronet the Mei° cod,
Tamworth, deprecated the introduction of the military at Carleisieew, ot
contended that such a course was an interference with the fr essitY'
election, and only to be justified by extreme and indispensable neictrr- ate/
The Hon. Member proceeded to address the House amidst re cled
and general calls of " Divide" and " Question," and conch'
moving that the debate be adjourned to this day.
The SPEAKER having put the question, efolisee'
Sir J. GRAHAM feared the subject had nearly exhausted the
lode"
but he hoped that the Hot, Member would not per severe in hi'
of adjournment. a (ow
Lord J. RUSSELL said that he believed his Honourable Friend (tope
Member for Cockermouth) had nearly concluded his speech :one "',,t
hoped the House would allow him to conclude it; but eveneted ding.
House disposed to hear his Hon. Friend, it *mild be recolle'iu frie
very grave charges had been made against his Right Honotir3l:) estrous to;
the Lord Advocate, to which charges he would of course be dlO jive t
reply. At this late hour the House might not be disposed
~ese
th
patient hearing, and lie thought it might perhaps be the best e°"
they should adjourn the debate.
11,e SPEAER having put the question, PPee'
The GalleryK was cleared for a division,lbut no division o°l'
and
the debate was adjourned to this day.
BUSINESS OF THE, HOUSE. .enee of ti
" Lord J. RUSSELL said that it might be for the colvreeh
order
the ° l;ill
House that he should state what his 'intentions were as er3tion
ert
the business. The House was aw;.re that the Irish C°ll., adjourn q
stood for to-morrow (this day), hut the debate which had bee:l-, erong,.Ab-
would probably continue so as to prevent that question he'l,"ediaurn'-
on. What lie then proposed was this—to go on with th
debate this day, and to postpone the Corporation question untd custire•
He also proposed that the House should sit onP Tuesday ;
on which day he proposed that they should proceed with that,re_e,, the
and
Otiort
Hon. Baronet (Sir E. Wilmot) was disposed to proceed with besetii on
respecting slavery, it would be competent for him to bring here'
Tuesday, although (as we understood the Noble Lord),
it had
tofore been usual for the House to sit on that day.
lIULL ELECTION COMMITTEE. vieenee
Mr. ORMSBY GORE, jun., moved that the minutes of e
taken before the Hull Election Committee should be printed.
Motion agreed to.
'The House then adjourned at half-past twelve o'clock.
-en' ?.l1)

_,........_
RANDONI RECOLLECTIONS OF THE LORDS it'',
. ~, e
COMMONS.—A new Series of the work under this title has Ju" , by A
forth, and like the former is full oficharacteristic sketches, penile' ~g
man, who from personal observation has had an opportunity of collect. 0
materials which, without ilknature or a desire to otfend,
into a very agreeable and amusing form. All those leading men, Wh° ,„01
omitted in the former volumes, have now no longer reason to coo" _
01 their having been forgotten, while those who were ignorant of tbe.cPtc,f
euliarities of men whose senatorial labours were constantly the toPicor,„
conversation, have ample means of gratifying tilt it curiosity. T),..e ics,
mer volumes obtained great popularity, and in the present new .cr
the author has fully sustained his claim to a more extended patronag_r
Considerable emigration is taking place this year
he has thrwocsrre
from the Scottish Highlands to the new Australian colonies.
