DECLARATION,

DELIVErtIiT) AT' VIIINNA,IIY TFIE RUSSIAN ASIBASSA-
DCA, COUNT ItASOUNOWSKY, ON THE 3IaT OP

AVOUST, 1 /10.5.

It would be superfluous to revert here to the
Motives which have induced his Majesty the Em-
perer of all the Russian to re-call the Plenipotentiary
whom he had sent, in concert with Ills Britannic
Majesty, to negotiate with the Head of the French
Government on the subjeEt of Peace.
" These grounds are too just and obvious not to
merit the attention 'of 'all Europe. They ar&ton
tained, in the Note which. was transmitted to the
Ministers of his Prussian Majesty, by M. Novo- '
sit,Tiovv, on the 28th of Juac (July to), and the,
conclusion to Which they have given rise, 6.a eon.,
sequence of those very, sentiments and principles
which have led his Imperial m66ty to exert hitnoelf
with incessant anxiety Ibr the restoration of the ge.
neral tranquillity. :
" Since the ruptnre.between England and France,
his Majesty has beheld, with astonishment and corn-
miscration, the greater part of the States of the
Continent 'compelled, in suecession to bear the bur-
den of, a --war, which in its origin is.piainfy of a
maritime nature, and foreign to their direct inte
rests. He could , not, however,. cherish the hope,
that' this melancholy state of thing,night be put
an end to by Means of a frank. and friendly nogotia,..
,tion., when he -perceived, that without -the slightest
regard to those solemn .proceedings, which tended
to the restoration of Peace, and even at the very mo-
ment When itussia offered to negotiate for its at-
lainment, the namber of 'States winch lost their in-
dependence continued to increase,
" When his Imperial Majesty resolved to recall.
his Plenipotentiary, he was a6tuated merely by the
consideration that this Mission Ciitild not produce any
pacific remit, and not from his having, in any re-
spat, renounced his ardent desire of restoring Peace
to Europe.
" Of this disposition the Ertiperor gave the most
conk'incing demonstration, in his acceding' to 'the
application made by his Imperial Roman, and Apos-
. ..Mijesty to England, France, and Russia, with
the view of 'renewmtig the neptiation Which had
be-en broken 'Oft .'Hrs Ulla:44l' Majesty, however,
cannot, at the same time, conceal the possibility that
coOdua, on the txtrt of France, similar to that
which has already compelled tin. EMperor to tread
hack his first steps towards a negotiation for Peace,
Tnay'likewise render nugatory the negetiation
Allston is cit!siroas of renewing,.
" The vtino I.ipprehensioll rs justified by expe-
riolce, that neW usurpations Might be eccoMPliihed
it the 111(Mael*Wiltu the Negiatiation, was reeotn-
me heed, whilst carry i ng.. on. The a pp re-.
hension that,still greater dangers might arise to the
Inippitiossof trope,' front a -measure, the obvions
tendency of which is its entire deliverance ; the et 1.-
tainty theft 't4e,sct; :dangers-would I,lccotne. iPtvitAble,

as soot): as, just' demands Of the Continental
Powers. became totally irreconcilable with ths
pretenglons which ht be urged by the French
Government, -in virtue Of its successive usurpa-
tions;• the obligation also which his Majesty feels, .
in the present melancholy and difficult circion- 1
stances, oluiding his Allies, whosesafety and even
existence is so seriously threatened ; and, in short,
.of affording'them• not an' illusory, hot an etredive,
immediate, and energetic assistance ; all these mod • t
tires unite in prescribing the only line of condati
which his Imperial Majesty has to pursue.
• .
" Russia cannot now,re-commence the negatia.
tion which liar been broken otf, under any circom-
stance, until .she has. placed herself in a siteation
to be able to assist her Allies at the moment whe,n
they might be attacked, and to preserve Europe
from total subversion. Her .measeres must be so
combined as'to afford well-grounded hope that
negotiation far peace will au our happier that
than those which were expeCtelfrom all the pacific :.
advances hitherto made, and which unfo
orftunately
have been distinguished only by the want respea
shewn on the part of France to the remonstranco
bi
[ and propositions of Russia and ' other Continem
Powers, and, by n'continually proms
ressive increalle uf ,
the dangers of Europe. •
" In, consequence of the, above consideration,7,
the Undersigned has it in charge to notify to tild -•
.11-linistry, of. his imperial, Royal, arid pairoli6
..taiefity,.ttlniiswer to ,the Note presented.by
Vos S.motot+O.to the Cabinet of ;St. ref-1514Mb' •
on the otith .of: July (Itli'Augu.st),- that lits Majesty
the Emperor of all the Russias, upon tile ed
thereof; has come ,to the following resolatiou:—..
To accede w the request of renewing. die Ntgoti3'
0011 for Peace, which had beeahrokea off by
Catilli
recall of •M. ' Novosivrzoll, and to take `ores
for that purpose ai soon as the ffead of the French .
Government should manifest a similar 'disposition,
1 sAt forlst rPi pacea; altsd
-without delay to march two armies of 50,00 Marl',
etiaotiiio,t
each through Gallicia to the llotobe, as a . raek
sure of precaution, in order to confine the support.
of a powerful army of otmervation, With the nega-
tion to prevent all farther aggressioos
its
tha
period of pacification, and to secure at its compl-
~.
agai.nst an:farther attack co thew part of, Francei .
to invite his Imperial mid Aposic. M336stott 'I i
some ,other Powers, to co-operas( on •tbeir rrt tin, •
wal:iich army 'would be in a sttoti-.
this salutary measure, the propriety of I,vhich nia
French Gbvernment itself, aan impartial on'
, upo -•
the noighkouring Power%
aideration of the case, could not fail in ,;etl• b, '
" Whilst the Uodersigoed acquit himself of t 1.,
duty towards the. Austrian. Cibinet, lie lutist like, . 't
wise, in compliance with •t he str4.t injilatioriil i,
the Emperor his Master, add, that nothing t tea_
siincere wish of restoring. peace.to Europe batiillt:3l
Ili•4 condua upon . this (;CeaStall ; that ' lilt.
+l'll
Illay promote its happy completion ;
, manifest the roost 'conciliatory disPot.`" in 1,,!t. ..
Negotiatioo for Peace, and adopt every toe:I-sure t
...i. ~
.4tiesty 8 1
u-e'llidy- kleciareB ' :that he is ready to !et i.
his 'froops, it; soon 1 ' } d-,.." ed secuoty"ol
~.38,t To mut; 1, c3ir . -
all tl - - . rI:
. ),... ~),;....:.;.0......!.t3019fit•sifair fire obtained. . ,
~
it I. I • to
Iris 1111
. . t.):.; LT:cf.:ICA .I.)i.:Ak, (~, font-441Y nr'' : . . Illy
perial, . -Royalo-and ~kpoo:olic MAciesty to pin "1 -
' '' ri.e lakiC4o.'
.llleilsVirci WlliCii, lidolewill,pt:it riiy,,,,,..-- ,„,„
• signed
ih' l`ll/Y AVAitaii;o‘l to
Concert with thue7o,
trian Cabitiot "tf.r,Y 'thing connoaed with di ll'
sent important, solo.: of albino". ~. T
' •
and his laipi,!
00-- •.s .. - ,r of .
SECOND DECI.ARA;I•ION C)); 11 cou -1E co.
vi:ENN4 c-o I.IIE iltrNcli ltv7
~,
;
TRAN:O4ITrfa Fito! VIi.NNA TO rAltil COO° 4
sErrk,MAYR, ..- te
ic.,1,1,,,,
, " The Court of Vienna yields, witt'""t,(' . 0016
the request which the Einpvror of Vrinice Italy
of
of a cat ~-?eorical exylanation respeaiti% tin' 11'" . did
its p.rep“i'ations.—_lll:. Court of.Vicittra has oov .
1 friet)JJ)ll',.
rnottive than that of maintainitig peace ;in( .oiLy 0
wi,li France, and' securing; the general tranqui Cl the
the C('lninetlt. It liiis 110 other wish than t_,.t.,
Emperor of Clic Fr6)ch may entertain corre'l'uu'a
sentiments.
" The maintenance of Nice, however, I, -t fir
States; does not merely coo .:,...it it) their l':',,ility,
tacking eivh other;' „iti0,1,,0,0; nat.lo, 13 `,`'.4.(,,e if .
ou the rialtilment of those tr,:aties on .N''''liiel)
,„1),"30,31
tburided : -that Power which trarigretis io,,s-niatioo
tial a point, and refuse,s to atteed the rec'''.,h tho
to which such a conduct gives ristt, is as' otilved to
aggressor as it it openly and unjustly aWc
other party. ss',3,l
A rtarlce ,h 0
tbunded upon the Treaty of Leneville• vi'ie'roteeil •
Artictes, 'of that l'recity stipulateS 'and gtr.d
the lodependence.of the Italian, Helvetic, 30il 4;000
The Puce bet Ween AtiStria .0...
~ , otool
vial Republic, and left them 'at libertY !„ ,reforoi
their own Government:. - "%IV riletl9o re g , OO4
which tend to compel these Stti.::ft to citoosC,
, . vale°
vernment, ConAtitution,. or Soqi-eit.:,n,
~,ttia,
than according to:theit ire e Nvii., or otoervfnaiiii._
iS collit'Sterit With the toinute:iiitice of a I‘,!‘",, r0.,11e, .
setialolltliid.veipoeiatultioenne.e, I,s 3 .br.ertch ot , 'Be Pfer:::::::-:
'vine, and it is the
.duty Austria to cc:oP', ,
to
if
~ ' A wish•-to niitintoin 'reciprocal' tooty
acquire confidence to secure Abe publiG 151 piate
' ', i arid ' pt
- from great 'clanger; May, uoder-di"c3 ~, to ado
precautions; to stievi great Moderation in..c_,..er oega.,
and ;,O defer the diseussiou of thern to tun"" ,010, .
tiatious, • This conclua does' not tply il Vit that clrcuinstatices, induce the reclaimiog tigL_,laipts,
di4iiin of the stipulations of the ',Treat!Y lii 021;r,
Power which (roes thriller, whichrefuses ...)100
' in anti `'flit .J,,,
nation, wilibit avoitls ' all inodlot,( P ~I.,,tical, t"' ,
gets as much the laws. of frieociship , .3' ..,
Inen;lliCeS:ingead cif the illealig of recotilsc,.lA,'',.o 133.1e0
•
nit°
rights of peirce. ' e.'ina oirity req ~a
." The maintenance of genera' L.'-ii.-,:i.ithill 45 0:0.f.
that each Power should con6ne itscr: ~endeno,
• .11,3 itILI Inot-r . t trot-
frontiers, arid respea tbe tlg ~, . 1,. Tna ~.)
other Slates -whetherrstrong -Or,,..ive'l ' oofriatr' `•
. ,
herself a right of oecupatioto pry till toe MO v
.quillity, is troribled when any. rovve!,.).asi:ii"); intinenc!i:
when that:right is
nations n Or' on treaties,---w hen she spew,
~ jos for,p
- . hen she °T`r•llbetirO'
~.0 the right conquest-4v .bee 3C41 00.
and menaces to prescribe laws , - f iiii,,,oce, ills,.
! treaties 0 • 14 w
and compels them' to stgu . I,itioo, at n'' itacPt
etsiooS, sub:ogation, or incorP6„:ll juortods, !itia,,),,e
when she, above all, in !lei. °,3t'ilei.., with 13iiilet, ,etli
every Sovereiirn, one alto' 2u,',101, Dolly) 'boiroloo
neither ibthidei
otietisiv'e to rileir tlisnity-ii
reulate titer crtiotl4
lierielltp as au Arbitress, E(.,
to,eomie evoi;oct, 0
iutcrests pt nations, and i4:l"he. giy, to 30 ,
'3'6, at Peti'..:,l.
f4te frolu ta.king air 20 "
. •

~~`'.

;,selillity and the balance Of power. One she
vistiLl exclude because it is too distant ; another, be-
sise it is larparated by an arm of the sea from the
ewitieent ; and evading an answer to the remelts. ittratees of the Powers nearest the danger, aswmbles
wisps on their frontiers, and threatens them with a
riipture if they place themselves in a state of defence..
" Under such circtunstances, it becomes necessary
kjtether Powers to arm, to support each other, and
Main in maintaining t'lteif own, and the getteral
4-twig,. Thus the military preparations of the Court
tai f Vienna are provoked by the preparations of France,
well ashy her neglect of all Ineana of sechring and
snintaining a tree Peitee and future tranquillity.
" All Europe knows the sincerity o.f the wish fur
which his Imperial Majesty has disPlaYed,
4,44 the punctuality wherewith he has feltilied the
..t:b).lgatiatts of the Treaty of 1.11110-Qle ; that sin-
"Y'to cannot fail to _be recognized in the great
stlitcel:'luu'.lllasie coniequerice of the injurious
given to that Treaty in Germany, and in
rie rat less great modthation with which his 'in-
; Majesty has cotehlaed hire-elf on the first
flute of the French Republic teen that Treaty,
•wkr.t.;'?'ct to the concerns of the other Republics.
time! urea; changes were ascribed to the necessity
Plane from ell clanger the disclostire of the
1401 is „the restoration of Nionarehical Govern-
- tem' „1,11 mice, his Majesty made no difficulty to
• 5t4.4e,,,..the state 1)1 things which, towards the
liis "Nr Year 1802, was established in
tonfideuce in the , views of the
vilath'e„malL,uas confirmed by the obligations
lie ja attitt awed to the Italian Repub.
(kat or; „,,c11444e. r of President, by his fres
e,levation t„''''cl;_wi assurances, before and after his
ein (414.1.1:. mw Imperial Dignity, that he was far
.
slue or
e"'lltall'arly plans of farther aggraudise.
thettaji: lieroaciiinetit on the- iudepenitence of
piotti" :444. In fine, by the pledges. which he
, width), .° the Enipemr of Russia, particularly
peat to the indemnification of the King of
; Ulid ualsthe general arrangement of the album
,44111(1 tileSe considerations concurred in exch-
. Lipt qua etilli:riShinter in Lis Majesty's bosom the,
14(,:p.,h consolidation of. the new t,mptie or
and proce,,,. would speedily bring back the policy
L411%.* °l. its Gpe,erument to sa system of
Co '
hati coot with the oalance of power
(c.lk'4tit hey °fl:•.l3iiiPe ; and some timeafter,when
st
tlf..lll".irts of new-meditated changes in the
th~ta`l.ls"rdY. induced the Ambassador from
tipgati►ll..ol Yielltia, at Paris, to demand explinia-
sl.44,,",i_ll this tiubjea ; his Majesty, by the official
t )eolumunicsted in the !lathe of the Ernpe-
I,li4ltlit LON, was confirmed in his hopes that the
abil li'ubl would not be united with France,
o 11u. noration should take place which
i•Arule injuriotis to its political independence.
CI,
.kk will decide •I • these promises have
et ier
klkitie,r`q, he Emperor has not ceased to de-
ish
.took execution, as. the correspoudence evinces,
and 44„ t, Piave lettween the two Governments,
41;1'; "iheialand ostethible propositions which
e' trallstuittAgi to the Ambassador Count
"aitty'r zee : and though the Notei in
s. the tr.,
hPcror I\l'Aeo. Cpllllllllltikated 'his
stii ti 4
„,.) 'afore; establiammout af-a Kingdom of
with threats end military
li lON
h,t Enough every thing, at the very time,
qe t velitS have siece confirmed, • that
,
-,1110411 ot Paesfett was resols•ed to ;lc-
1114'hi,o:s"L*M=. innovations by force, His MajestT,
404 ht not remonstrate against &vast-
ere announced to him as nothing
ittliki:‘oitit•provisional arrangement. ffe.rested
I„,klest c..reilltilvr thewhich furnished
elserges
.()r,
‘l,llose menace=s, and with expresstng
Vt 01.,
q 4" (*A:l'l.'l,le principle' of' senaration and hide-
. 44t,4;14 he tar,4leii, Lad been consecrated by the Treaty,
:.te
coni lete execution by .the de-
It4HP)eirese e.
• tit which the Emperor N.s.ea.
IL the kilt! upon the ulteriOr NegOtiations
'11'69 °,4l' or St. Petersburg!' and London, at.
tr.x.f re-establishment of Peace.
:tti:ll,Which 4`'reegotiations were, in facet, y.
the
oral
kis( (Neil.' In, 'tined to Ilk Majesty, of puceeed-.
a,ory means, in maintaining PcOce,
4.-44 N'' Y, to restore repose to Europe, which,
Inec)errtlteirir to
its Bouthein extremity, la-
! ss„, htsel a arms excited by enterprizes, which
Ylrlreaseil, both in number and meg-
'Aw
4N eats the Einperer of the French had-
3y14101 oVerture to the King of England, in
At ot-Ptrte,.t.elided to preclude the latter from
ikists 4/ ti :lung ally concern iii the important
tf.Orth Contiirent. This. restriaioin cons-
. 4;131414 ",ehttions- existing between the King
Its
is it rl.l` the COUrt •of St. Petersburg!), in-
.\lrtjesty to have recourse to
siirlwah‘t 7ls 'Majesty the Emperor of Rus-
e the suspension of all official
tre , Ibis isfejesty did not hesitate
llist „ukcliation, to dispatch an attribassa-
'i'irti7retornrPc'se, and to make application to
f
hatiee to fornish him with pass-
., The
h
:.I.lNt—Nt let, brnve%;erj to which these pacific
tiltti*-,\Sheri .1, speedily:tit vanished. At the very
`4,ie requisite passports Were tran crnit-
tia 4ian Negotimor, to F 'emble l,i;11 to
ratitz, fresh attacks were
i.,11 existence of other .ndepe;ident
;t4('Dkit t eta
** Tool that in.stant the Emperor
• (44111::tteiv.el that his charaCter must havej.
..A4 it" 3 NfediatOr. Oil the other
rmies • b! I
Okit at. tre rapidly assent ec in,
p. epalrattieff.
,tirci to the promises given that
Arl erica:4l3 .811cruld Lake place that
_
:4) (4' r luent of thirty thousand men
4reilgO liDeedily followed by
llisYlol forty tini.risud on the Fron-
• util the At/Atm-Venetian Pra-
t,. ilty r'p
,)rsty
,thrts has found. himself. under
Nls 'voitig without delay for his own
aa now car d
!!,etch't. 11)04,41 it Ince that his pacific,
etitillietits were, not met by
thelyreite'li ,t the part of His Majesty the
ttr permit him any longer
, lieve•-•
• -ssory measures tor assert
.1 a od illithitailling the dignity of
eati§e
its I(thitiol of iilcerit armament.-
Is, 1)()WIver •* si FfiS
qifi to ma.
€ll4\vi
d a recurrence to such etertuitit.fl

4

VONDON,
niznAY, SEPTI6IIII3It !:'7, 180!>.

Wit are happy to have it in our power to COMITIu.
nieate to our Readers this day, upon the best autho-
rity, intelligence of
,the most important and satis-
faelory nature: THE ELECTOR OF BAVARIA
HAS JOINED THE COALITION AGAINS'
FRANCE, and has ordered his Army, consisting
of 30,000 Men, to join the' Austrian Forces.
A 'Treaty has been signed between His IstrLat
MAJESTY and the ELEcroa, in which the former
pledges himself not to consent to any Pence in which
the interests of the latter are not secured, and the
integrity of his Dominions maintained. This in-
telligence, we confess, is to us as unexpeeled
es it is gratifying. We had been led to suppose,
from the language of the French Official Notes,
that the ELE,CTOE. of .BAVABLA was inclined to-
wards the interests of France;, we have been, how-
ever, most agreeably deceived, and the decisive and
energetic conduit of the Court of Munich. affords
us the strongest ground to hope that its example will
be followed by all the other States that compose the
Germanic Body.

THE Courts of Vienna tend St, PetersbUrgh have,
at length, published to the World the motives by
which their condu6t towards France has been ac-
tuated, and the
,grounds upon which they have
felt themselves compelled to have recourse to arms.
We are happy to have it in our poci,.er to lay thi,
most important Sr ATE PArua bare. our Readers—
it recites, in h t rcmg bit temperate and dignified IMF-
page, the almost uninterrupted series of aggressions
of the French Government, but, at the Saint! tifite,
it professes the sincere desire of the two Imperial
Courts to tweit the calamities of War, by commencing
a Negotiation upon a ftir and equitable basis. The prin.-
ciples u pan which t he All ied Powers declare themselves
determined to aa, if they find themselves compelled
to have reconoe to hostilities, ace confirmable to the
dignity of. their charnekr acrd the junice thither
_ wriettrt crilt4lllll manter.

that they have no intention wl.atever of interfering
in the internal anirs of France ; that they will not
make any alterations in theCortstitution of the Germa-
nic Body ; and, so far from having formed any plans
for the dismemberment of Turkey, they in the Most
distind a► d. wiernn manner guarantee the Integrity
of that Empire. "We are prevented, byytant of room,-
from making any further observationi upon this most
important Document; we shall only add, that it
must, produce the strongest .eireft throughout
Europe, and if it could be circulated in France we
have no doubt but that it would convince the People
of that Country, that they are about to enter into
a War in which their lives and their properties will
be sacrificed, not to maintain the independence or
to promote the interests of France, but to gratify the
restless insatiable ambition of an Upstart Foreigner.

THE following, according to the latest accounts
from Paris, are said to be the state and des-
tination of the Armies which &vase Aims was to
set immediately in motion against the Combined
Powers :—The Grand Army is to consist of 150,000
men : BONAPARTE is to be the Commander in Chief,
and under him BERTHIER ; the Centre is to be given
to LOUIS BONAPARTE ; the flight Wing to OliDj-
NOT ; and the Left to MAtotoxr. This Army is to
ma in Germany and Switzerland,—The Army of
Italy is to consist of 120,0n0 mcn : JOURDAN is
to command the Centre, ST.Cvit the Right, and
MASSENA the Left Wing.—An Army Of 50,000
st Rod to be on its march
men, under AIJOBREAti,
as Auxiliaries to Spain, and to keep Portugal in
subjealon.—The Army of Reserve is to consist of
80,000 men, under the Command of SOMA` and
D'AvousT.—The Army of England and Holland is
to consist of 5 0,000 men, under the Command of
NaY and Botoiommr.—Suelt is said to be the num-
ber of Frenchmen who are.to be employed in sup-
porting an Usurper, and in confirming the slavery
mid disgrace of their Country.

Tins morning we received New-York Papers to
the lath nit. The Fever, which had began to.appear
in that City, had ceased at the date: of these Papers,
one of which, of the t :sth, Contains a Proclamation,
from the Mayor, announcing the lila, and authoriz-
ing the renewal of the customary intercourse between
the City and the adjacent Country. A. Report from
the Board of Health of Providence (Rhode island),
of the gth ult. also states, that only two persons had
died of the Fever since the 24, and that no new case
was then known to exist.

Yesterday the RIISSIAN AMBASSADOR transaeted,
business at Lord MULORAVE'S Office.

Mr. PITT and SW WILLI AM SCOTT had yesterday
a long conference with LOrd Mu lAMIAVE, at his Office.

Yesterday morning, at seven o'clock, the DUKE
of Sussex arrived at Kensington Palace from Wey-
mouth. The DuKe Of CAMBRIVGE will insped the
coast, on his way from Weymouth to London, and
will not be in town till Monday. He will be joined
on the road by the DIM a of Youi.
It manifests no common exertions in the present
Board of Admiralty, to have thoroughly repaired
thirty-six two and three-decked Ships from Vessels
found by them in ordinary, in the course of a single
year, and to have now in commission no less than
one hundred and three Sail of the Line!

A Letter from an Officer on board Admind COL..
LINGWOOD'S Fleet, dated, off Cadiz, Sept. 14, sari,
You may depend on it as a fa6t, that two Spanish
Line-ot-battle Ships, and one French, are laid upon
the mqd, at Vigo, so totally dimolished as to be past
'repair. The En et ny ha ve 1101,VJ3 Sail oft he Line nwrly
ready for sea. We are here with 26, hut see not the
least chance of their corning out to meet us. They
have been busy shifting the wounded masts, ever
since they got in, and one of the French Admiral's
Ships is at prom love down, to repair, no doubt,
some damage she has met with in the action,."
The Office yesterday contracted with
the House of BooLa Bonnowtts, and
CAUSING, tier the whole of th 4-. Sumlies,of Irish
Stdted Beef and Pork for the next year. The Con-
traa has been taken low,in consequence of the Sup-
ply being exclusively to come limn one House.

MUSICAL FESTrvm...—We under-
st Ind that a very large attendance of the Nobility
and Gentry of the mighbourbood is promised for
this Meeting. Two new organs will be ere6ted won
the OCCiISIOII ; one at St. Philip s Church, by Mr.
ENGLAND, the organ-buildor, and the other at the
Theatre, by Mr. ELLtoT. The Loyal Birmingham
Volunteers have kindly undertaken to mount guard
each day at the Church and Theatre, to preserve or-
der, and keep the avenues to both places open.

A Morning Piper is every day amusing its
Reazlers with rumours ofDissoluitons andli
lions that: may Le set down as
The random ceitwe of the rnet's brain,"
and which have just as much foundation as its mires-
tenon insinuations a few viveks ago, which excited
surprise, and a much ,tr(mg,,,sr emotion, Our Re
ders may rely on us tOr the first intelligence o€ any
such events as thow which are. thus made the to-
pie.; of confident prediction and unauthorized re-
port.

Yesterday a battle was fought for ttt guineas, at .a
nu
place called Newton-grove, near Hanerinith,
twcon a wheelwright, of the name of O'Donnet, and
Slade, a man known as a second-rate pugilist. After
fighting an hour and 36 minutes O`Donnel was de.
dared the Vidor.

A £Vleinher of the Celtic Academy at Paris has
discovered a method by which anti- mo people maY
correspond and converse without tattlerbteutliog each
other's tannage. It has been 11pr/wed of by the
Academy, and will SOOn be omit
