THE THAMES TUNNEL.

This work now approaches cotZ`Dletion, and people
naturally ask what is to be its future destiny. That
it will pay BO one ever conceives, and that it is of any
great utility is equally problematical. To climb down
one pair of stairs and up another, and to promenade
in a catacomb is little inviting as a matter of pleasure,
and rather too tedious for business, so that it will pro-
bably remain what it has hitherto been, more a kind of
show, than productive of public advantage. It. may,
however, be well worth the consideration of its mac a-
gers, whether by the use of a stationary engine, it
could be made a relatively convenient mode of passage,
so that by a low rate of toll carriages might be induced
to pass over. If, too, foot passengers could also lot; con-
veyed acros in a car for a little higher toll than they
could proceed alone, it would perhaps become a
favourite source of amusement.
One *f the most interesting propositions hitherto
made respecting this great work, emanates from a dis-
tinguished foreign nobleman, the Count Hawks Le
Orice, a member of several of the academies abroad,
and eminent at Rome for his taste and his cultivation
of the a1.:44 He proposes that the tunnel should form
a repository for busts of illustrious men, and that the
entrances on the Middlesex sad Surrey shores should
be effected by two triumphial ar-;_thes, one recording
the achievements of the navy, and the other the
heroic deeds of the army. That the pi;_ may be
enabled to judge of the feasibility of this arrange-
ment, and of the effect which it is calculated
to produce, the Count has kindly offered to ht
it up temporarily with a number of busts for
this purpose, so that soon an opportunity may be af-
forded for bringing it into full operation. After alluding
to the interesting feature of this project as a national
work, the Count observes, that " it we consider the
grandiose style of the architecture, the massive and broad
effect of the whole, and the form of the semi-elliptical arch
which allows the eye to embrace the whole stupendous
structure without being distracted by any details,
we must say that it all goes to prove that the viaduct
of the tunnel is singularly adapted for the exhibition of
sculpture. To those who have had the high intel-
lectual treat of seeing those chefs d'oeuvre of art, the
Apollo, the Laocoon, the Olympian Jupiter, the Minerva
Medici, and the Ariadne in the Vatican by torchlight,
will at once acknowledge that the circumstance of the
Tunnel being lighted with gas would greatly contribute
to the effect of sculptural art. It is moreover known
that artificial light is superior to daylight, as the con-
trast of light and shade is greater, and the effect of chi-
ar'oscuro enhances the value and the beauty." The
Count recommends that the busts should be semi-colos•
sal, executed with more than usual spirit and boldness,
the hair should be well massed, and in their execution
should be that simple majesty of form, that solemn
quietude and sedate expression, that dignity of gesture
treed from ostentation, which is the distinguishing cha-
racter of Greek art.—Civil Engineer.

STEAM APPLIED TO SAILING

V ESSELS.

On Saturday the Vernon left Blackwall to begin her
voyage to India. The vessel is built upon an entire
new construction, totally different from any other mer-
chantman. This was requisite to the successful appli-
cation of a small steam power to so large a ship for so
long a voyage, as the space required to be allotted to
the machinary and tonnage of coals had hitherto been
considered an insurmountable drawback. One hundred
-nd fifty tons now provide for the whole. The Ver-
-

;
• 170 feet long, 36 feet beam, and but 22 fee
nen
deep, &awn; but 15 feet 6 inches of water ; o
and has on board a cargo
1,000 tons mee,autZluenl,
fitted of 1,000 tons. Sno ;.tted with a steam en-
gine of thirty horse power, The engine is upon
the low pressure principle, at;;.l calculated to
make in calm weather 30 revolutions a minute,
the boilers then consuming two hundred and a
half weight of coals per hour. The paddles are sm;:.11,
and occupy a width of only four,feet outside of the ship,
fixed upon a shaft projecting about two feet six inches
through, and so supported as to require neither pad-
dle-beams, spring-beams, nor paddle-boxes ; and they
can be shipped and unshipped in an hour by the yard-
tackles of the ship. The engine is so simple in its con-
struction that it requires but one engineer and one
stoker. Besides these great and valuable improvements
in large ships, the propelling apparatus, when at work,
produces 30 gallons of good fresh water a day, and
which quantity may, by an augmentation in the expen-
diture of three bushels of coal in about 24 hours, be in-
creased to 100 gallons a day. The water is sufficiently
good for the stock, as also for all culinary purposes ;
one of the most important and valuable considera-
tions in long voyages.
The day was most fortunate for the putting to the
test the importance or value of the small steam power
with which the Vernon was supplied. She left Black-
wall at half-past twelve, an hour and a half before high
water, against a strong flood tide, with jib and driver set
in the wind's eye, blowing very hard front the south
south-west, the engines propelling her at the rate of
three knots and :half the hour, the engines p!,-form-
ing eighteen revolutions in a minute. Upon turning the
point entering Woolwich Reach she went five and a half
knots an hour, the wind blowing very fresh on ber
beam, the engines performing twenty-five revolutions.
She gradually increased her speed up to seven knots,
the engines making twenty-eight revolutions, which
was her greatest speed. Upon turning into
two or three reaches where she brought the
wind right a-bead, the power of the engine alone
propelled her at the rate of four knots through the
water, notwithstanding the immense power which the
wind had upon the masts and yards of the ship to
impede its progress. The great trial of strength of the
engines took place at North Fleet Hope, when it blew
so hard that it was feared the anchor must be let go.
However, she cleared it in beautiful and gallant style.
During the trip it was very remarkable that when the
canvass was set close hauled, the power the lee-wheel
had in bringing the ship up to windward was so great
that she stood four points to the wind's eye, so that she
made a board down three different reaches, when all
others were obliged to tack. At twenty minutes past
three she passed the church at Gravesend, thus accom-
plishing the distance in ten minutes less than three
hours, leaving the Thomas Grenville, which left Black-
wall at the same time, towed by a steam tug, nearly out
of sight, and which took anchorage off Gravesend about
twenty minutes afterwards.
This successful experimental ship is likely to lead to
the most important results. The voyages to and
from India, which are so tediously long, are rendered
so from calms, currents, and adverse winds, in one
latitude ; whereas, if the vessel was provided with the
means of propelling herself, even at ever so slow a
rate, sometimes for only a mile or two, she might avoid
a current or a calm, and when she lost one trade wind,
make her way into another. This great desideratum
in navigation has at length been most successfully ac-
complished by the builders of the Vernon. In reduc-
ing a voyage at least 25 days, the saving to the owners
must be great, and to the passengers and merchants
[ncalculable.

Captain Jaudet, who has just published a book
on Asia Minor, is about to be sent as French commissary
to O'Donnell's army in Aragon. M. lc Gondie is going
to Catalonia on a similar mission. Major Saragoza has
already joined the army of Espartero.
SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—On Thursday morn-
ing an accident occurred in Newtown of a shocking nature.
A woman caused the death of her own child through mis
take. The deceased, James Crook, son of Francis
Crook, was playing about the house, and was unfortu-
nately led to creep under the mangle, which was then at
work, under the management of his mother. She was
not aware that her child was in any danger, (in fact had
not noticed him creeping under the mangle,) until some
obstruction was offered to the progress of the machine,
when, on examination, she found to her astonishment that
her child's head had got fastened between the mangle,
which was of considerable weight, and the table upon
which it moves. He was extricated as soon as possible,
and surgical assistance procured, but it was unavailing, as
the injuries were mortal, and he died in about a quarter
of an hour afterwards.—Bolton Chronicle.
On Saturday morning Mr. Ralph, a collecting
clerk to Messrs. Finch and Walters, tea brokers, had his
pocket picked of his pocket hook, containing Bank of Eng-
land notes and checks to the amount of 6001., during the
time he was looking in at the shop window of a picture
shop in the Strand.
Yesterday Clark, one of the groms of Colonel
Sibthorp, M. P., was kicked by a horseo the colonel had
lately bought at Horncastle fair. The blow was given in
the poor fellow's side, and he lingered until three this
morning, when he died.—Lincoln Gazette.
A MAN SHOT.--Yesterday forenoon, about
twelve o'clock, one of the crew belonging to the Vivid
steam ship (of Hull) expired in St. Thomas's Hospital,
from a shot-wound which he received last week on board
of the Vivid. It was accidental.
CAUTION TO GAOLERS AND TURNKEYS.—
Mr. Justice Patteson has directed the removal of the
gaoler at Ludlow, and a turnkey at Newport, for question..
ing prisoners with " the view to the obtaining" of evidence
for their conviction.—Bristol Mirror.
STABLING.—On Thursday night, a man of the
name of Dempsey, while passing along Great Patrick-
street, Belfast, to his own house, was attacked by a
drunken ruffian, in sailor's garb, who drew a knife, and
inflicted one or two stabs on his breast and shoulder. In
endeavouring to wrest the weapon from him, Dempsey
got his hands severely cut, and lost so much blood, that
lock jaw has ensued, and his life is in imminent danger.
The assassin is in custody.—Northern Whig.
MORE STABBING.—At Marylebone Office, on
Saturday, a youth named John Parker, the son of a sur-
geon, residing in Pilo:mix-street, Somers-town, was
charged with stabbing another lad, named John Pomeroy.
It appeared that on Friday afternoon the prisoner and
Pomeroy quarrelled upon the division of some fish they had
taken by angling at the Regent's Canal ; blows were
struck, and Parker at length rushed upon Pomeroy, and
with a clasp-knife stabbed him in the thigh. The wound,
however, not being of a serious nature, and the prisoner
declaring that, at the moment, he was not aware of
having the knife in his hand, the Magistrate allowed the
parties to arrange the affair out of Court.

EvEI\\TING ED IT,T ON.

sTA TE OF JAYIA/..(3A.

, 1
from a
Gentleman in Jamaica to
Extract of a Lett.
avast ugust
Joseph Sturge, dated A, 839
" The Custom-house re,.‘urns up to the Ist orSep'"
tember will, I have every assurance, furnish the most
satisfactory proof of the results o.f the labour of the
first year of freedom. I say up to tbsl Ist of September
this year (though it was usual to have the accounts up
to the 31st July, formerly), in consequence of crop
having commenced three weeks later than ordinarily.
By the tale, which is the mode of computation still per-
sisted in by the planters, the apparent result will be de-
it;sive, as the size of the hogsheads have been much
enlarged, so as to hold b orn 20 to 23 hundred weight
each, a practice now very ga nerally adopted. The custom
of slavery was to make the h,,gshead capable of contain-
ing 15 to I 7cwt., which receive d the confirmation of law.
An island sta:ute, declaring that in all cases of dispute
15 cwt. should be considered the legal weight of a hogs-
head of sugar. The.' discrepancy between the present
and the former weight Of a hogshead of sugar accounts
in some degree for the gi.eat difference in' the returns of
many estates, when reference is made onl,v to the num-
ber of hogsheads and not the weight. The delusiveness
of such an estimate is shown \very satisfactet 'HY
tables published in the Enzanffipator, whieb exhibit
the crops of 1838 as a highly productive one, while' the
contrary was attempted to be shown by an appeal to
numbers only. lam surprised at the great extent O.
in the
ignorance which pervades the public mind at home with
respect to the present social and political condition of
this country ; at least, much ignorance is exhibited in
the debates in the House of Commons on the
Samaica Bill, even by wen who have studied
the subject so attentively as Dr. Lushington.
He and the majority of other debaters have iosisted
on the necessity of Parliamentary interference,
from the urgent importance of speedily enacting a Ire'
grant Law, a Polite Law, and one to prevent squatting
on lands in the interior. The fact is, there is scarcely
an individual in the island who could be brought
within the meaning of the legal term vagrant ;
there is more labour than workmen, and, as you well
know, subsistence may be so easily obtained, that inde-
pendent of a man capable of working supporting himself,
the agricultural labourers aboolutely support their sick
and disableJ ;so that in the ai;sence of Poor-laws, the
incumbrance o„r the rural parishes have scarcely been
increased by the
hange of system in the towns. There
have been additional
appeals to the public for support,
but these have been ma=le by the incvrably diseased and
disabled, and not to so grot an exteul as might have
been expected, and was antic;pated. A.ll able men are
employed in some way or other, and the' :majority verY
pssfitably ; so that a Vagrant Law is nos
of present
necessity. We have been now nine months without a
police, and I think I may venture to say no it:dividual
in the community has experienced the slightest incon:
venience or insecurity in consequence. The more
power of the law, combined with the peaceable diskl°soli
tion of the people, is quite sufficient for the security
all, and to give proper influence to the decisions of the
magistracy, and to the enforcement of their adjudica-
tions through the ordinary constables.
With regard to squatting, which is gravely argued
as being an evil that must at all events be guarded
against—by what law or what force could it be pre- i
vented in a country so inaccessible in many parts to
any but a negro's foot, or practised bush-rangers, if
the peasantry were so disposed ? It is well known to
all acquainted with the country that there is no pre-
vention, save in the advancing civilisation of the people.
The apprehension is a bugear. The habits of the
people are too social to admit of their being to
the wilderness of woods, and they are too much ea"
dieted (notwithstanding the fashion of speaking of theta
as a race of semi-barbarians) to creature comforts, t°
desert the haunts of busy men. Ido not believe that
in any part of the island has a negro taken himself i°
the bush since the termination of the apprenticeship'
on the contrary, I know of many who for years r':
sided there during the old system, who have returnee
to society and labour. The Insolvent Debtor Act'
azd some others that have expired, require to be re-
novate'd ; but in other respects we have quite law.
enough ; i.lws applicable to all purposes. What .vie_
most require the vigorous and pure administrtir;
of justice by legal ,Judges and an impartial and iecla,
pendent Magistracy, and of that I hear not a WI
nor in the reported speeches on the Jamaica questie:i
can I discern a single allusion to such a necessity.
ri'it
Mr. Burge is to be credited, the present stipeedia,",
magistracy are to be done away with ; he has had secu_a„
promise from the Colonial Secretary, and I hav!,,rube
son to believe that in a packet or two there
of
such important changes made for the purpossl °, t is
ciliating the Jamaica Association of Planters, ill be
the consequent disorganization of society, they w•
ultimately the greatest victims.*

THE MARKETS.---(YESTERDAY')

PRICE OF
The highest price of Bread in th,
oat. Good Bread may be had at 8!

, BREAD.
le Metropolis is 10d. for the 41i
%d,

PRICES 0
Per Cwt. Per Quarter. , .....
New English Red Clover...sos. 84s St. Foin --s• --- 440
Old Ditto Ditto -s. -a. -s Rye Grass ....s. 40`i ,
New Foreign Ditto ...-s. 60s. 635. Tracey Grass -..5. s '42..
es. -- '
Old Ditto Ditto -s. -s. -s. Linseed, for feeding --s' 546, 50,
New White Clover 4ss. 555. 655. Ditto, for sewing ....• -4' 425. es,
A
ild Ditto Ditto -s. -s. -s. Ditto, for crushing...--- ~.0, SOs.
Ner.- Trefoil -s. 18s. 30s. Canary .......s. / •
gas 40s.
Old 1/1:to a. 12s. 22a. Hemp .....s. ~..
Trefolitin: -a. -s. -s. Per BusheL ,4,. 0,1.
English Car: away -s. 545. 535. White Mustard...lls, Od.
‘,.,,,5. NI,
Foreign Ditto.,
Coriander _.-s
25(4.5..
25Ls.
TBarorwesn Ditto ...... 1158:6d0d.• ziol
...,,gili.
• 103 • 3`'
Rapeseed, Engliah fine (per Last) 30/. 331. Foreign
PRICES OF HOPS. 01. Os.
Farnham Pockets (per cwt.),..... 01 Os. 0/, Os. to ~
East Kent Pockets. 4l 10s. Si. 15s. to 61.
7.:
Ditto Bags
~,,,,'
Mid Kent Pockets 3l. 10s. 4/.los. to 5/ JIM'
Ditto Bags 3l. 10s. 01. Os to 4:. u''
Sussex
Yearlings Ol. Os. at 38. to Si. it'
Old Olds
Old Duty estimated at 230.0001. A soP
Four pockets of New Hops arrived at market this week, WI.
at 70s. per cwt.

SEEDS.

PRICES OF LEATHER. a.
Per lb. d. to d Per lb. d. too
CropHides,3o to4olb. each 11 131 Horse g
Hides, (s,pearmnisahn .... M ?a
---40 50 l2 16
---50 60........13 18 Calf Skins,3o to 4,1b.(d05) i 24
Bull Hides --40 50 ...... ... 26
21
...

Butts, V triol...

•50 60... •• 'i3 0

English ...... .. l5 24 ---70 100 ........ . 1 i 5
Foreign
+ oreign Hides ......
Dressing Hides ... -
....... 16 J 1
--.. —Shaved... 13 17 Basils... ........ . ........ ..... I r',.
Bev Saddlers' Hides..... 15 lfit Bellies .. ..... .......... .. ~ IA
Horse I.lides, English ... 11 1, Shoulders...... ... ......... '
Call Skins, if rounded 2d. to 4d. por lb. more.
PRICE OF OIL.
Raps Oil,brozvn, per ton, 3,'/ Os.—Refl ned, 37/.os. T inseedoeiri,t26ooi,r
Linseed oil Cake at the Mill (LOW), 131. 0s.—Rape Cake, p
OF TALLOW, 06Wd. ,ySeOlitkwPs,
0kapc....p.e.r..1...121..b......5.....c
006..
Town TaPlrowiC.E.,
Yellow Russia.-- sls. Cd. Mottled ....................
..... 06.
White ........ -....
~. ocl.
Soap Ditto ..... -
el.. - - -40 i. Od. ikiod Dregs ............... ."

Melting Stuff ..... .....
Ditto Rough ..,.„... 278, Od.l
PRICE F li" A W FAT, per stone of SP-% 100'
Price of Tallow (as stated by the Tallow Melters) ......... 2s•
~.-
PRICL OF CANDLES. folios"''
The price of good Store t am'les in the Retail Shops is as
s, '' „_ ' 96,
Candles, persdxopzeennc,eBpse.
rOrld.o.:7ein,fderisiocoru.
n7st.
ftoklr. Lslsbl.ould
COAL. MARKET. l'i.
~..i 0
Adair's
Bell, Robson & Co. Hartley 18 0 Walls End Hartlepool ........ :‘2,2, :
Holywell Main 2l 0 Walls End Adelaide. .. ~„.."'i; 0 9
Original Windsor's Pontop 29 0 W.alls End HarringtolL.",, 1 e
Tantield Moor '" 9 \Valls End Clavering lee' ' 0 .
West Hartley
21 6 Wrh's End Gordon ........ !, c,,ii
Willington 2l 0, Wall End Seymour l'ec.•:. 9.2 F,
Wylam.
Walls Endßraddyll'sHetton
2222 99 Wallsßiythe 1..:n..d.:.1.'.e.r.i.n..a.
.....•.....
....... ii:
~,A
Walls End Ha5we11...... 0 a
Walls End Hetton
Walls End Lainbton 23 3 Howard's Netherton 21
Walls End Russell's Hetton 23 0 Walls Errd Devonshire ~'.
Walls End Stewart's 23 3
Ships arrived since 1

,ast market-day, 11.9.0101,00,1
pt
T AT C ire

ORIZONT FL.
with accurately finished jewelled movements, warrant
oelt t
offered in silver cases, price Four Guineas and a 041
or, in gold cases, price Nine Guineas each, at
T. COX SAVORY'S, Lead 1, °
Watchmaker, Jeweller, and Silversmith, 47, Cernbill,
Seven doors from Gracechurch-strect)• ~,e.
(Second-handN.B.— Watches purchased in e 011°1"
Isiallit.
PLATE.—A.tfahcetußraißank
kg
.fSilversmiths,
England
). B
T 1
NI
eSobA.,slVt4,O wroughtcl tolrnhaFit
ILDSIOnEdicn? coogsili
eiaiigenaidivtsiFerCir:RactoKmthSme, at 7s. 2d. per ounce. 1111 oa s chi '',,it
laSirgPehOttelOireNowrS• recommended, but
price
et
ptehreouanrteiecl.esTPlnh.eaA, a
a-
oz. s. cl• 10 5 0
12 Fiddle Pattern Silver Table Spoons 30 at 7 2... 7 3 0
2 ditto Dessert ditto 20 7 2".10 15 4
dittoditto
J 2 to 'table Forks 3O 7 2..' 7 - ti
12 ditto Dessert ditto 20 7 2'" 3 ll i
2 ditto Gravy Spoons lO 7 '2.. 3 11 *-
1 ditto Soup ladle 10 7 " 3 lti
4 diao Sauce ditto lO 7 e.- 1 : i
4 ditto Salt Spoons (gilt strong) .............. .• 1 1, t 4
ditto Fish Slice
12 ditto Tea Spoons
Sugar Tongs (strong) .. ... ...... ... i.. ............ Oaf
1 pair ditto
A Pamphlet containing detailed Lists of .the plea 03
various Patterns of Silver Spoons and Forks, Silver a Ore'
Coffee Ser- vices, and of thp different articles of Plate
0001
may be had on application, or will be sent into
tilti„ fst;
in answer to a paid letter ; the Plate Rooms of '_''',,;isite'
blishment contain a large selection of every article rot
complete a service.
. of
BIRTHS.
On the 2d inst., at Brussels, the lady of Colonel Dicks°l't f
a son. urghe, °
a sOonnat.hdehsetihr.inst., at the Fleury, the Duchess of Roxl3
0, Stare'
On the 6th inst., at Newington-peen, Mrs. B. et
Sarni"
of a daughter. el C.
On the 6th inst., at Bucking, Essex, Mrs.
auld, of a daughter. of
MARRIE.
chl
On the 27th ult., the Re v. John D
A Tren
shfordby .„_vie,°do'
~,1
Stanton-house, Wilts, to Mary Elizabeth Jane li!nd Feet
daughter of the Rev. Samuel Davies, of Northavt, '
cl,
of Llanelly, Carmarthen. e fcisfar
On the sth inst., at St. George's, Hanover-square, ; firlfh
eldest son of M. L. Welch, Esq., of Wyndharn-11te„.,,, Gib
stone.square, to Margaret, youngest daughter of J.—
Esq., of Jermyn-street, St. James's.

---
D. Jane'
On the sth inst., at GiffordlED
House, Wolverharnpwear -
' lier
relict of James Wheble, of Kensington, in the 89th Yd
age, and 39th of her widowhood.
Mr. 'W
On the 23d alt., at. Rotterdam, suddenly-, illi°
Gorst, wine-inerchaut, of Water-lane, Tower-street.
s_, fs4.,
On the 29th ult., near Glasgow, Thomas stenhou e
the
_Strand, aged 74. -- - 1
t s".'
th inst., at Highgate, Alichael Grall'urs '
ofof.rtorahnaptrt_ichyie_t_oysf.
-,"-'-- -----------------„,nviNTG, .°
London : Printed and Published by MURD° 1" I.o'
Straw
No. 112, Strand, at The Sun Office, No. 2, ~'- ids 9.
the county of illiddlesex.—TuesAay, SeptenslW 1‘.__.................:........,...0°
