General Chasse.—(Cries of " Shaine," and cheers.) 11,
concluded with thanking them for the kind attention with
which they had heard him, and retired amidst loud chter-
ing and
.conciderable disapprobation.
Mr. TUFTNELL proposed, and Mr. ELWES seconded,
the nomination of Mr. Baring.
Mr. BARING came forward, but was a long time before
he could obtain a hearing, from the tremendous yells and
hisSes, mingled with cheers; that assailed him. Mr. Wes-
tern had said that, if they would send him (Mr. Baring)
to Parliament, they would send a very good Whig. He
was certainly what he formerly understood to be a Whig
—not a Whig of Lord Grey's school, nor of Mr. Western's
school, for he never held the public principles they pro-
fessed—nctnely, that men were to go through thick and
thin with their party and leader ; and whether a Greyite.
a Foxite, or a Pittite, must follos'e his leader. If he
went into Parliament, he would go there unshackled in
his opinion, and ready to support any measure, from
whomsoever it should emanate, that he thought condu-
-1 cive to the interests of the country.—(Cheers.) This was
the diff,rence between Mr. Western and himself.
The present Wh;g Government were throwing away the
money of the people, and allying with France for the ex.
press purpose of tiring cannons at the oldest and truest
ally of this country. hut then they were Reformers,
forsooth ! If there was a blundering budget, they were
told the Whigs were Reformers—and whatever blunders
might be committed, or succession of blunders, still Re.
form answered every thing. The question they had to
answer was, whether the system the Government pursued
was one which should have the confidence and support of
the country? When they saw the Government allied with
Political Unions and illegal associations of every descrip-
tion for the purpose of overawing the Legislature, and
when the King refused to swamp the House of Peers to
carry a specific measure, they saw them resort to the ex-
treme of political profligacy, and by means of these Po-
litical Unions threatened the King and the country into
the measure they supported. They had heard Mr.
Attwood threaten to bring 200,000 men from Bir-
mingham to Hampstead-heath, where he stated that he
would be joined by 600,000 more front London,
for the purpose of overawing the Crown into a parti-
cular course. Might not the same measure be re
sorted to, to produce some measure hostile to the agricul-
tural interests, if the manufacturing towns thought fit ?
The Whigs make an exclusive claim to purity of election ;
but what could be said of that Reform Bill that had left
two as complete rotten boroughs and four as complete
nomination seats as were ever to be found under the old
system ? These boroughs were the property of Lord Mil-
ton's father, who had now the complete disposil of Peter-
borough and Malden. Ile hail always opposed slavery
It was abhorrent to his feelings, and he would support
the entire abolition of slavery as soon as it could he
possibly carried into execution, consistent with the situ-
ation of the slaves themselves, and the consideration of
their future welfare. The lion. Gentleman, after a few
other observations, concluded with expressing his thanks
fur the attention of the meeting.
Mr. BA RNARD, the Member for Greenwich, proposed
Mr. Brand, who was seconded by Mr. HANBURY.
Mr. BRAND was received with loud cheering, and ex-
plained his sentiments in a few words. He said he was a
friend to the agriculturist, and would support his interest
if returned to Parliament. He was desirous that an en-
tire 'commutation of tithes should take place, and that the
farmer should be relieved from them as much as possible.
He was an enemy to slavery in every shape.
The HIGH SHERIFF the❑ put the names to a show of
hand, which he declared to be in favour of Mr. Western
and Mr. Brand.—(lmmense cheering and hisses, which
continued for some time.)

Sir JouN TYRELL demanded a poll for himself and Mr,
Biting, which wa, granted, and appointed to commence at
9 o'clock on Friday next.

After a vote of thanks to the High Sheriff the meeting
separated.

SOUTH DEVON.—EXETER, DEC. 17.
This being the day appointed for the nomination of can-
didates for the Southern Division of;the county, a strong
muster took place in the Castle-yard, at 10 o'clock, the
hour fixed on by the High Sheriff: The business, how-
ever, did not commence till nearly 11?, o'clock.
Lord John Russell arrived soon after 11. He looked ex-
ceedingly well and in high spirits. On ascending the
hustings he was greeted with three cheers.
Sir BoucitiEn. PALM WLEY, Bart., stood forward to
propose Lord John Russell, as a fit and proper person to
represent the Southern Division of this county in Par-
liament.
Ciptain 13oLLEn., R.N., seconded the Hon. Thronet,
Sir WILLIAM POLE, Bart., proposed Mr. Bulteel.
H. W. NEIVMAN, Esq., of INlarnhead, seconded the Hon.
Baronet.

MONTAGUE PARKER, jun., Esq., of Whiteway, pro-
posed John Buller Yarde Buller, Esq., as a fit and proper
person to represent the Southern Division of this county in
Parliament.—...(Cheers and great disapprobation.)
Sir JOHN DUCKWORTH, Bart., seconded the Hon.
Gentleman.
Lord Jolts; RUSSELL was hailed with enthusiastic
cheering.—As soon as silence was obtained his Lordship
proceeded—Gentlemen, upon this occasion you have to
decide which are the principles and which are the oi,inions
to which you will give your countenance--(Hear, hear)--
and I should leave it with hardly a word on my part, to
the motion which I have supported—to the motion which
I had the honour to orientate in Parliament. I leave it to
your unfettered judgment to say whether or not those prin-
41es and this motion were conformable to the sentiments
of the electors of this division.—(Cheers.) But, Gentle-
man, I cannot conceal from myself that those who have
proposed one of the candidates—the last candidate who has
been proposed—instead of coming forward, as I would
never dispute their right to do, and stating his pretensions
to represent you—and stating that the large party—for
large it is although diminished—(A laugh)—to which he
belongs, are sufficient in number to carry a representative
for this county—l should never dispute their making the
claim to that honourable distinction ; but, Gentlemen,
they have done something different to this.—(Hear, hear.)
In all their propositions—in all their speeches—in all they
hive put forth, they have introduced the position, not so
much that their own candidate was qualified to represent
you, as that I was disqualified for that representation.--
(Hear, hear.) Now, Gentlemen, although I do not
court an opp.irtunity of putting my pretensions in opposi-
tion to others, or of speaking to the claims on which I
have been invited, yet, when I am thus put upon my
defence, I never will shrink from the contest—never ac-
knowledge that I am ashamed of the part which I hive
taken.—(Reiterated cheers.) It is that which, among all
the disqualifications I have taken, is almost the only one
that is left out, either by insinuation or direct charge.
But the real charge is—that I was the proposer of the
Reform Bill —(Cheers, with hisses from the Conserva-
tives.) Gentlemen, I say again, of that act 1 feel no
reason to be ashamed.—(No, no.) lam not about to do
penance fir the part I have taken in that.--(Cheers.) I
am not about to make an apology for endeavouring to re-
store to the people of England their riAlits, because I con-
sidered the case to be this, and I always shall so consider
it, that the King was entitled to his high prerogative,
that the House of Lords were entitled to their important
and aoleinn privileges, but the people were entitled to
their House of Commons.—(Reiterated cheers) Gentle-
men, the fact was this i—a certain party of individuals
had stolen the key of that House from the people; we
have given it back.—(Loud cries of " Tavistock: from
the Conservatives.) The fact is, the opposition so pecu-
liarly directed against tne was in effect nothing more nor
less than an opposition of revenge—(Hear, hear)—and
those persons who expressed so much opposition to me,
in fact considered themselves next of kin to the de-
ceased boroughs, and that they ought to have visited
on me the murder which they consider I had committed
upon so unoffending a body..—(Cheers.) Gentle-
men, I conic next to the question of retrenchment,
and upon that subject I can say that the Government, in
the short time they have been in office, have reduced
about one-sixth of the whole expenditure on which it
was possible for them to retrench.—(llear, hear.—An
Elector—" Where is the Russian money ?") I hear you
perfectly well. A gentleman in the crowd asked, " Where
is the Russian money ?" Now, if I should say what I
would say to a great many other expenses, that was an
expense to which the faith of the country was pledged. It
was; a solemn engagement which the former Government
had taken. When I asked them, in the House of Com-
mons—when I put it to Sir Robert Peel, who is the
leader, the respected leader, of that party, to say whether
he would be ready to declare for or against that payment,
he never would—(Hear, hear)—nor would any of that
party declare against the payment of the money.—
(Cheers.) Well then, I say, whatever may have been
the folly of entering into that engagement, I would not
remedy that folly by the dishonesty of not fulfilling it.—
(Cheers.) With regard to the other question I say the
same, that I do not think the want of wisdom shown
by the contracting of a debt is to he amended by a want
of justice and good faith in afterwards refusing it.—
(Cheers.) Of this I say, as long as I hold my seat
in Parliament, or any part in the King's Councils,
I never will advise any act by which the honour
of this country shall be lowered before foreign na-
tions, or called into question by them.—(Loud cheer'.)
It seems that there is another objection which has been

inadc—to the course of policy which this country has
been pursuing, as inconistent with that last aid third
pledge that was givenanamelv, the pledge of peace.
Now, Gentlemen, I say that, whenever rarliarnett meets
the Ministers will be ready to show the whole course
negotiations into which they have entered, and they wt.
be prepared to contend that they have acted in every
respect in the spirit of peace, and with the view to pre-
vent war.—(Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, sou all know that
the former Government had made one union—and a very
unwise and impolitic union I always thought it was—
between two nations, known in all history for their dissi-
milarity and dislike to each other. But in connection with
that onion Ministers had met with this difficulty, which
was none of their own courting—and they agreed, nut
two Powers, but the five great Powers of Europe, that
they would lay down certain terms, and would make both
parties agree to those terms, in order that a general war
might be prevented.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, we were
prepared : in case the Belgian Government had refused
to assent to these terms, we should, in compliance with
our engagements, have agreed on forcible measures being
used for compelling them to adopt those terms, menacing
force in case of opposition. The Dutch Government re-
fused, and, having menaced force on one party, we had no
alternative but to do the same with the other. It was in
no dislke to Holland ; on the contrary, of the two Powers,
certainly Holland, from my own predilections, I should he
most inclined to favour; but having made the treaty,
which, in point of fact, is more in her favour than in
the favour of Belgium, and Belgium having submitted, it
became necessary that Holland must submit to it too.—
(Cheers.) I feel no doubt that, so far from there being a
Dutch war, I feel that, in consequence of this measure,
the peace of Europe will be preserved.—(Cheers.) Now,
so much with regard to the Government. I come now
to one or two objections which have been made personally
to myself. One of these is that 1 held office in the King's
Government—(Hear, bear)•—that is to say, not, as it
has been represented, that I am pledged to vote according
to the dictation of any person ; but that I, for one, do
meet in the C tuncils of my King's advisers, in order to
consult upon those measures which shall be adopted for
the government of the country.—(Ch-ers.) And Ido
not think, according to the English Constitution—pro-
vided you have confidence in your representative—that it
is any disqualification in him that his King is pleased to
confide in him likewise.—(Continued cheers.) Of this I
ern sure, if that doctrine were to prevail for the first time
in the history of England—for it was never admitted be-
fore--if it were to prevail now, that men in office were
not fitting representatives of the people of England, it
would not only lie a greater change than the Reform
Bill has produced, but it would be a greater change
than any of those who are so fond of taking place
would like ; it would be a separation between the
Crown and the people, now fixed, and proceed-
ing together in harwony.__(Lorrd cheering.) But
I am happy to say that that doctrine is not
likely to be a favourable one; for, in looking at the list et'
elections which have already taken place, I can make out
15 places in which Ministerial candidates have been se•
leeted.—(Cheers.) There are, in the first place, three
officials who have been chosen in the metropolis to repre-
sent nearly a million of people. At Leeds, Manchester,
Chatham, Northampton, Nottingham, Cambridge, Halifax,
Dover—in all these there have been official persons elected,
and have not been thought by the inhabitants of these
places the less worthy because they held office under the
King•—(Cheers.) Likewise, I may say, the principal
leader—the official lender of the House of Commons—
has been elected fir the county of Northampton.—(Hear,
hear. ) He had been twice before elected whilst holding
office. The First Lord of the Admiralty had been twice
' elected fur the county of Cumberland whilst holding
office, and I have no doubt will be so elected again. 1
trust also the county of Devon will not only exercise their
trust in the saute manner, but show that it is no disquali-
fication to me that, having the honour of a seat in the
Cabinet, I have not the less power or inclination to repre-
sent your feelings and wishes in Parliament.—(Cheers.)
But, Gentlemen, there is another objection, and it is ex-
tremely fanciful—that the present Government is hostile
to agriculture. Now, I should have thought that objec-
lio❑ might have come from a different quarter.—(Bear,
hear.) I should not have been surprised if persons
engaged in the shipping trade of this country should
have said, " Why, your families have been always so
much connected, so much engaged with land, that you
are not fit to represent the commercial and the trailing in-
terests of the country.—(Hear.) It would have been a
much better objection than this, which is taken from
their own fancy, because there is no such a measure as the
one spoken of for the injury of the agriculturist. The
King's Ministers are not inclined to favour one interest or
the other interest, but, taking all the important interests
of the country into consideration—and agriculture is the
most important of diem all—they will introduce no change
which can tend to be injurious to this great interest.—
(Cheers)—and I put it, as one of the advantages of the
Reformed Parliament, that you will have there those men
who will really consider your interests, and who will not
be overborne by those who lately represented themselves
and their friends.—(Continued cheers.) It has been
said, with reference to one of your opponents, that he is
not unfavourable to change. Now, upon that point, at
least, I think I may be equally entitled to your suffrages ;
for I have always said if the county of Devon is disposed
to retract the opinion which it gave the last Parliament,
in the election of Lord Ebrington and myself, who, as far
as we could, never ceased our exertions in favour of Re-
form—l must sny, if you are disposed to retract that opi-
nion, and think that Conservative opinions are better,
and that Reform is wrong, in that ease, I say, I am ready
to change too, and withdraw at once from the country.
—(Never, never.) But if that is not the ease—if you
are determined to choose vrisons because they are favour-
able to Reform—then I must say that I am an
older Reformer than my opponent.—(Cheers.) I
must say, that if the question is to be attachment to re-
form, in attachment to reform I will not yield to any
one.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is the wish of the Go-
vernment of which I am a humble Member, that in giving
this reform, it should be such a reform as should be peace-
able and safe, to maintain the prerogatives of the Crown,
and long may its present possessor exercise those prero•
gatives.—(Enthusiastic cheering.) We wish not, as it
was falsely imputed to the Reform Bill, to take eff the
Crown from the Kin's bead. We, on the contrary, think
the Crown will shine in brighter lustre when it Is re-
posing on the affections of the people.—(An expression of
dissent from the Conservatives here caused Lord John's
friends to give him three hearty cheers.) We wish to
preserve all the other valuable institutions of the country
has always been my opinion that those institutions,

they were in danger—and they certainly were in danger-
it was because they were perverted and abused.—(Cheers.
I think that when restored to their proper and prim•tive
use, they are institutions which are as worthy of the
people who would now defend them, as of the ancestors
who gloriously founded them.—(Cheers.) But I am of
opinion that the Ministers of religion should devote them-
selves to the purposes of religion.—(Cheers.) I am of opi-
nion that public servants of the Crown should devote them-
selves to the public service.—( Cheers.) I sin of opinion that
those who in whatever station of life are called to bear the
great burden of public affairs, should carry on those af-
fairs honestly, fur the benefit of the whole country, and
not pervert those sacred and venerable institutions to the
benefit and property of individuals.—(Cheers.) Gentle-
men, if you agree with me in these opinions, we shall con.
tinue to be what I mentioned we were at the beginning of
the Reform Bill—placed between the abuses we wished to
correct, and the conclusions which we ought to avoid.
We shall continue to take care always, in securing
amendment, that we wish to preserve this great country
from violence—this great country, whose commerce, whose
trade, whose agriculture, whose present and future pros-
perity depend upon its peace and tranquillity. We shall
endeavour to preserve to the country, I say, such a state
of peace and tranquillity that the progress of amendment,
instead of being as it seetns, is another country a bloody
act, inspiring horror as much as it gives hopes of future
amendment—we shall endeavour to make it a peace ible
and new path of hope, and if we shall have succeeded in
that task, we, who have been your representatives in the
last Parliament, will not have proved unworthy of that
which is the highest ambition of an Englishman—the es-
teem, the confidence, and trust which his country reposes
in Isis integrity.

Mr. BULTEEL next addressed the electors at considera-
ble length, and with great ability.
- -

lie Was followed by Mr. YARDE BULLER., whose ad-
dress was marked by an appearance of candour and mo-
desty that demanded credit tor the honesty which had in-
duced him to adopt doctrines which men of all ranks i❑
Devonshire are laying down with th 4 utmost alacrity and
even haste. The space which has been devoted to Lord
John has precluded a report of the speeches of the two
former gentlemen.

The SHERIF) having put the candidates to the meeting,
the choice fell on Lord John and Mr. Bulteel by an im-
mense majority. A poll was demanded for Mr. Buller.

Thanks were voted to the Sheriff (moved by Lordii-
rington, and seconded by Baldwin Fulford, Esq.), and the
meeting dispersed.
The election commences on Thursday.
Considerable acrimonious dispute took place between
the Conservatives and the Libera!s in the body of the

meeting, and had the former been stronger, it is Problll/1
that the sanguitious fluid might have been exhausted frog
sundry naval organs then present.
The contest bids fair to be conducted with great warmth
;e of I

..• . „
ISLE OF WIGHT (COUNTY); Drc 11'
PUBLIC AND, WE MAY ADD, TRIUMPHAL. E 5
TRY OF SIR RICHARD SIMEON S , BART., OF ,
JOHN'S, NEAR RYDE, AND OF SWAINSTO
NEAR CALPOITRNE, IN THIS ISLAND.
(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
On Monday morning, at S o'clock, the yeomen, gettle:
men, tradesmen, and other supporters of Sir Richard
vneon,ght
:d_
horsebackate for tl e a representation
carriages, of t h e Islena et
St.
being'siiTyoollignadtem,itnoateisdcno.rt Sir Richard to Newport,
p
n-hail,
The procession went up High-street, crossed the Or°
intothe
After
isiit
arbnel
assembled
, ciutnaaoryr-tfi Irasrotegrneetsteo
Quay-street,
rdaeont whds-ena
fetHTil,yoei
housed,t i
,tr dispersest ob
er:thirty o:sti‘hlt;ll.': ach committee were, by mutual agreement, ad-
witted within the ball.
After the necessary forms had been gone through bY
the Sheriff, trc.,
Sir WILLIAM OGLANDER, Hurt., of -..Sruhrzelli Isle ef
Wight, came forward to propose Sir Richard Simeon,
a fit and proper person to represent the county of the Isle
of Wight, in the approaching Parliament.
Sir GRAHAM EDEN HAMMOND Bart., of treShWater'
the Isle of Wight, seconded the nomination.
SLONE STANLEY, Esq., stepped forward to nomiel
Alexander Glynn Campbell, Esq., (eldest son of Colo°
Campbell, of Gatcotnhe-park, in this island, lately a CO'
missioner in the Excise„ but now retired on a pensfoas
Electors of the Isle of Wight, I am sure I address a geed.
tempered mob! at all events.—(Here the hisses and yells
completely drowned his voice, and silence could not be
restored without the interposition of Mr. Sewell, the Bke-
riff.) Mr. Stanley proceeded to say—The Honourable
Baronet has for a long time—(Hisses and continued inter-
ruption)—been a Reformer; and my friend, Mr. Caor-
bell, is not averse to any Reform which can be obtained
upon constitutional principles, and which will by 9°
means injure the country—which will give you all the ee"
joyments you have at present—(Tremendous laughing'
and cries of "We want more than that")—and all Yell
are entitled to. Under the great difficulties of the times'
a great difficulty may arise as to a Reform in the Chureb;
and with regard to the corn laws, I am sure there is
individual connected with the Isle of Wight, who, from
his property and intelligence, understands the corn WI;
better than Mr. Campbell; and I contend, that tinier
agricultural property is properly protected, all the
rest of the community must perish. Gentlemen, I offer°
you my much-respected friend, Alexander Glynn Camp-
bell.—(Loud laughing, and tremendous hisses.)
Sr RICHARD BASSETT, Knt. (upwards of 80 year. of
age), seconded the nomination.
Sir RICHARD SIMEON now came forward, and was re-
ceived with deafening and repeated cheering. He said,
feel I can never do justice to the recommendation of DV
friend ; all I can say is, I will do all I can to obtain jue'
rice for all classes among us. I have no engagement
whatever to keep me from my duty in the House, sheta
I be returned; nor any party or political consideration")
prevent me from discharging it when there. I We
your duty to attend to; and, if returned, I will 11'
ways be at my post. In the honourable congratulation
of my friend who proposed me, on the subject of
Reform, I most heartily unite, which, after many yeah
hard struggling, you have obtained, and which gives you
those rights which I hope you will hand down to poste•
city as the birthright of your childr en. I think e°,
opprobrium attaches to Reformers, but, Gentlemen, as well
as you, I have had my share of it. We were never in the
right key; we were sometimes too high and sometimes too
low ; we were either too soon or too late ; or, like,
the drummer's lash, too high or too low—(Loud
cheers)—we were either indifferent to the welfare
of the country, or agitators who sought its ruin.
may venture to say I have almost universal support ; and
I may be permitted to refer to my private characters—and
I make this appeal to be most distinctly understood--I
will give no pledges whatever ! ! for my Parliamentary
conduct, to control me there, but my opinions you shall
have, with all my heart, and I will give them most sin-
cerely.—(Loud and continued cheers.) I profess that IDs
intention is to support not men but measures. I have s
strong predilection for his Majesty's present Government,
and it is because I have, from my infancy, been taught to
respect Whig principles; for how can I read the history of
England, and the Revolution of 1688, without highly
respecting the Whigs ? How can I forget that they passed
the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, the Catholic
Emancipation Bill, and the Reform Bill ? You will all
agree with me, that the happiness of the people is the
great end of good government; with these before me I
shall support peace, economy, and Reform.—(Cheers.)
The all absorbing subject of colonial slavery will come
under my notice, and if I go to Parliament, no one will
go there who hopes more anxiously than myself to get rid
of slavery. We all know that the busy election tongue of
c duinny is never quiet; and on this subject I will not leave
my opinions open to misconstruction, and if any one say,
I am going to let the slaves go free to the injury of the
whites, they are mistaken. I will vote for slave emanci-
pation, and the slave must have it, and I would resort
immediately to the measure, and without injury to the
planter. I would let a dry be fixed, after which all the
children of the West Indies may be horn fee. I am
a friend to direct tax ition, and should like a law passed
by which they may be collected at the least possible ex-
pense, which would touch the absentee, &c., hut which
would not touch the poor man—f Loud cheers)—and I s
hope we shall live to see a property tax, for taxation we
must have, and God forbid I should say we ought to
Me di national faith—the national debt must be sacred, but
the resources of the country must be left unimpaired. I
should !die to have a repeal of the assessed taxes, and also
of the malt tax—(Tremendous cheering)—it is a tax upon
the soil, and therefore an impolitic one. I will tell my
agricultural friends that there is not one who is more at'
tacked to their interests than myself; and I now state that
they must have protection, while those heavy rates, and
taxes, and tithes, fall exclusively on them. I am for
giving them justice, but not more, and if they attempt to
thrust their bands fraudulently into the pocket of the coo- 4,
sumer, I think we may say, drum them out with the
rogue's march.—(Great laughter.) Sir R. then re-
ferred to the interest Members are taking to revise the ;
poor laws, and slid, I think we must have such poor laws
as shall separate the honest and industrious poor from the
aged and infirm. I will not remark on our Con- j
s dirlation Act, but hope to see the time when the poor r,
man who is out of employ shall be referred to his
owu parish, and when our poor house shall be f
kept alone for the aged and infirm.--(Loud cheers.) I
wish for a commutation of tithes,and such as will give to ;,
the clergyman a fair and just remuneration. I see the
next topic in my notes is economy. Gentlemen, I will
leave it to my opponent to speak ori that subject—(Great a.
laughter)—for you all know that if Igo into Parliament, .!
it will be to save every shilling of the public money that
I can. I think the Reform you have will lead to cheap -!
government and to good government. Sir 11. Simeon
further stated his approbation of the repeal of the Sep-
tennial Act, however proper or necessary its original enact"
went may appear to some to be. On the subject of the
ballet, he would go into Parliament with a mind per-
fectly unbiassed ; and as it way an abstract question, if be
found the balance of arguments in favour of it, then he
would lie an advocate for the ballot.—(Sir R. retired
amidst long continued and enthusiastic applause.)
A. G. CAMPBELL, Esq., was received with loud and con-
tinued hisses. :He thought the tithes were badly collected,
and any plan which could be adopted for their being better
collected, he would support.—(Cries of " We won't have
them ; they are out of date.") He did not approve of
turning the Bishops out of the House of Lords ; it was
once done, but he who did it was the supporter of the
monarchy, but murdered the King. He approved of the
corn laws, but would promote economy in every way.'
He condemned the parsimony of Ministers for discharging
men from the duck yards six weeks before tin y:were entitled
to Their superannuation money. The ballot he was most
decidedly against.

A voice from the crowd said what are your views of the
,lave trade ?

Mr. C. said, I will do it away as fist as possible, but
not till it can he done for the good of the slaves Ibeinselves•
This answer did not give gen, ral satisf Action. On a show
of bands being called for Sir R. Simeon, it was all but
universal, and when demanded fir Mr. Campbell, a fiW
scattered hands were held up. The Sheriff declued .
favour of Sir Richard, whose return is as sae as though
he had no opponent.

Tire new borough of Oldham, in Lanca-
shire, which has elected Mr. WILLIAM CußßErr as one
of its representatives, contains a popul ition of 372,000, ands
according to the reports of the Collanissioners, 1,100 qua-
lifying tenements.

'The price of a substitute in the French array
;
is now SOL It in now much enhanced, but nothing like
what it was in. the EMPEROR'S time. One genth man '
paid 16,000 francs (6401.) in 1813 for a,sui,t,titute, and
was, after all, obliged to watch as a guard d'hunnepr
