VISIT OF THE TURKISH MINISTER TO

WOOLWICH.

On Thursday his Excellency Namik Pacha, Ambassa.
dor Extraordinary from the Sultan, and M. Maurojeni, I
the Turkish Envoy, accompanied by the Honourables Co-
lonel and Lieutenant Grey, paid a visit to Greenwich, ,
Woolwich, &c., and dined at the Artillery Mess. The
party arrived at the Royal Hospital a little before twelve
o'clock, and went over that interesting establishment,
conducted by some of the officers. The Pacha was very
much struck, particularly with the schools, and the very
unusual circumstance of the gymnastics, followed by a
sight of the well-served tables of the boys and old seamen.
His inquiries were very pointed regarding the details of the
institution ; and, in quitting ene of England's oldest and
proudest establishments, he expressed a hope that lie might
yet see something like it in Turkey. The chief object of
the excursion was, however, to see the Arsenal and
other parts of the artillery service, all of which were
thrown open for his inspection by command of the Master-
General; in consequence of which his Excellency was
received with the most marked respect by the Staff and I
other officers, who escorted him to the foundry, boring-
machine, carriage department, laboratory, and stores ;
after which the packet troop fired a succession of Con-
greve rockets, and finally two ground volleys, directed
against the butt with such precision as to excite the
greatest possible interest amongst the spectators, A visit
to the Repository and Model.room followed the rocket
practice, after which the Paella and his suite rode to the
Common to see the manoeuvres of the field batteries. Sub.
sequent to the general salute, and passing in quick and
slow time, the guns went through different evolutions for
some time ; and were then succeeded by that more perfect
arm and elite of the regiment, the horse artillery, which
completed the surprise caused by a succession of the most
rapid and precise formations ; and in the latter case
seemed to the Pacha to be really flying artillery, by open-
ing a fire almost instantaneously from each successive
position, notwithstanding the most unfavourable state of
the ground ; and the wheeling especially was quite im-
posing in the eyes of the strangers. The salutes in the
field, and the attentions bestowed by the numerous circle
of officers of rank during the evening, were received and
acknowledged by the Pacha with that dignified ease and
self-possession so commonly met with in Turkey ; and
which made his Excellency a most acceptable guest, and
quite a general favourite before he quitted the mess-room.
During the evening the health of the Sultan was drunk
with much respect, and to the great gratification of his
Minister, who proposed, in return, with much energy and
feeling, that of King William, and the prosperity of his
people, the ancient and foreign Allies of Turkey. In re-
turning to town, and when commenting on the events of
the day, the Pacha compared the British artillery with
that of Prussia and France. He thought the Prussian
horses the most powerful as to draught, but he objected
to the manner of attaching them to the guns ; also
that of the French, and gave a preference to the British on
this account, as well as that of speed, saying that he would
endeavour to introduce the system of messes, and other
European improvements, into his country on his return ;
but, added he (with all the eloquence of *deep feeling), my
Sovereign is baffled, in all his plans of benefiting the
people, by wars abroad, and, when they are terminated,
by a succession of internal rebellions, pursued from ob-
jects of ambition, quite regardless of the state of the people,
who are literally ground down to misery for this purpose
in the case of Egypt. It is understood that Namik
Pacha has written an account of his late journey from
Constantinople through Vienna and Paris, which be
means to continue until his return, and then publish it
at Constantinople, where the Sultan has already established
printing and lithographic establishments, which publish,
amongst other things, a weekly paper, in Turkish and
French.

A critic in a Dublin paper, in his strictures
on the performance of Othello at the theatre of that city
on Friday, says—" Miss Cauisx crucified unfortunate
Desdemona a second time last night ; her attitudes were
excruciatingly fine, but for the rest

27 fit' tilt/
WP.,71 41,144,
t •

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 26, 1832

By the Express from Brussels our readers will
see that the Citadel of Antwerp has at length
capitulated, and that after a negotiation with the
French which lasted some hours, General CHASSE
has agreed to surrender himself and his men
prisoners of war, and retire into the rear of the
French army. The citadel is then to be given
up immediately to the Belgian troops. It is
reported that twelve Dutch gun-boats, which
were near the citadel, have been all destroyed by
fire. If this has been done by the Dutch, it is
an absurd trick, which can answer no good pur-
pose.

The Citadel of Antwerp having surrendered,
and the excitement of the siege having ceased,
men will begin to reflect on the probable conse-
quences of that event. Many persons have, we
believe, lost sight of the real points in dispute
between Holland and Belgium, and have ima-
gined that the fall of the Citadel of Antwerp was,
as far as those two countries are concerned, to
decide the question of peace or war. Such is
very far from being the case. The King of
HOLLAND has refused, and. continues to refuse,
to accede to the treaty of the 15th of November, I
and demands that the basis of negotiation be-
tween himself and the King of BELGIUM shall
be the payment of a navigation toll by the Bel-
gians, so extravagant in amount, as to be equal
to a prohibition, and the exclusion of the Bel-
gians from the right of transit, which they claim
through a portion of the Dutch territory to other
States. To neither of these bases can the Bel-
gians agree, for the only prospect which they
have of raising the means required for the pay-
ment of their portion of the national debt, and
to repair the devastations of their Revolution,
and the war-footing which they have been com-
pelled since to hold, lies in the commerce which
the Dutch, by these conditions, would prevent.
On the other hand, the King of HOLLAND,
losing Antwerp and allowing the right of navi-
gation and transit claimed by the Belgians, would,
it is but fair to state, inflict a blow upon the
finances of his country, from which it would not
easily recover. It seems improbable, therefore,
that any treaty can be effected on the required
terms. Now, however, that the King of HOL-
LAND has lost the strong hold, the possession
of which was supposed to have rendered him
arrogant, he may be more disposed to listen to
reason or menace than he has hitherto been.

But if the Dutch King should not exhibit
more moderation in his demands, what will be
the result ? Let it be recollected that with the
fall of the Citadel of Antwerp the treaty between
Great Britain and France for the coercion of
the King of HOLLAND is virtually at an end.
Lord PALMERSTON has not said that he will
compel the Dutch to take one florin per ton, as
navigation toll, instead of three—that he will
enforce the claim of the Belgians to the right of
transit, or that he will make the Dutch pay for
the late short but expensive war. If the French
should require more, on behalf of the Belgians,
than the King of HOLLAND, even after the
lesson which he has received, should be dis-
posed to yield, will the British Cabinet enter

into a new treaty with France for the purpose of
rendering the settlement of the question com-
plete ? And if so, will the powers of the Holy
Alliance look on quietly, as they have hitileito
done? These are important questions. The
French, flushed with victory, and full of confi-
dence in their own strength, may not, with all
their moderation—and we allow that they
have shown a great deal—consider it con-
sistent with their honour or interest to allow

the son-in-law of their Sovereign to accede to
terms which would keep Belgium poor and
miserable, and on the other hand the Holy
Alliance may gladly lay hold of a pretext
to revive the protocolizing farce for the
purpose of delay. The only way of bring-
ing this affair to a termination satisfactory
at once to the Belgians and to the French,
and at the same time not humiliating to the
King of HOLLAND, is for the British Cabinet
to persevere cordially with that of France, using
its influence with the Government of Louis
PHILIP towards abating unfair pretensions on
the part of Belgium, and convincing the King
of HOLLAND and the Holy Alliance, that if he
should continue to demand what is unreasonable
he will not have to contend with France alone,
but with that ally also, who has already gone so
far in promoting the cause which the French
have espoused.

We are happy to state that the rumour of the
Revenue Returns for the current quarter being
unfavourable, is without foundation. At present
there has been no falling off, and it is expected
that the returns at the close of this quarter will
be nearly, if not quite, as satisfactory as the last.

It was indeed thought at one time that there
would be a marked improvement ; but we un-
derstand that this expectation is not now enter-
tained.

It was stated a few days ago at a meeting of
the Westminster Medical Society, that several
cases of cholera had appeared in London during
the last month, and that in a Lunatic Asylum,
containing 90 inmates, there had been 32 cases,
and 22 deaths. We find, upon inquiry, that
this statement was made on the authority of an
eminent physician in the City, and we have
reason to believe that it was duly reported at the
Council-office ; but we have the satisfaction
of adding that the general returns of the metro-
polis are very favourable. It has been mentioned
as a curious fact that in one of the hospitals at
the eastern part of the town, where there have
been on an average snore than 200 patients, not
one has been visited by cholera, a sufficient proof
of the erroneousness of the doctrine that persons
suffering from other diseases are most suscep-
tible of attack.

The Dublin Morning Register gives the
following as the number of Members of the
O'CONNELL family who have just been elected
to serve in the ensuing Parliament :
Daniel O'Connell elected for—Dublin.

Maurice O'Connell, his eldest son—Tralee.
Morgan O'Connell, his second son—county Meath.
John O'Connell, his third son—Youghal....

C. Fitzsimon, his son-in-law—county Dublin
W. F. Finn, his brother-in-law--countyKilkenny.

M. J. O'Connell, his nephew—county Kerry.
Thus, it seems, there are no less than seven
O'Connellites (the exact number of the Wise
men of the East) who come from the West to
play their part in the important discussions about
to be brought forward in Parliament. We
doubt not they will play this part well, and
successfully—unless, indeed, they venture on the
quicksands of Repeal, in which case all seven will
to a dead certainty be swamped. But what will
Mr. STANLEY, and those who think with him,
say to the addition of seven such stanch Liberal
to the Opposition Bench ? He will look on
them, we suspect, during the seven days in the
week, as the seven wonders of the world, with
awe and astonishment ; or rather as the seven
plagues of Egypt, brought forward, as it were,
for the express annoyance of him and his. But
in whatever light the Irish Secretary may view
the O'Connellites, he has himself only to thank
for their multiplication. They are all born, to
a man, of the Tithe Bill. Nay, Mr. STANLEY
himself is their sworn foster-father, under whose
special superintendence they have thus waxed
strong and multiplied exceedingly. Had the Right
Hon. Gentleman acted with common sincerity
towards Ireland ; had he " kept the word of
promise" to her " hope" as well as to her
" ear," he would not have been beset by such
formidable (whether as regards their numbers
or their talents) antagonists. In such a case,
O'CoNNELL's tail would never have resembled
a comet's in its length, and portentous influence.
It would have been shorn of its fair proportions ;
or rather there would have been no tail at
all ; but a legitimate grievance, carefully
nourished by Mr. STANLEY into lusty man-
hood, has been the making of the " mighty
Agitator." The Right Hon. Secretary is the
man of all others to whom the thanks of the
liberals, and even ultra-liberals, are most unques-
tionably due. He is beating up recruits for
them in every quarter. Already he has raised an
almost invincible regiment in Ireland, and by his
late anathemas against the ballot and triennial
Parliaments, at Lancaster, will, we confidently
predict, raise an equally efficient squadron in
England. At every Radical dinner, Mr. STAN-
LEY'S health should, we humbly conceive, be
drunk next to that of the " People," with nine
times nine, and one cheer more ; for, assuredly
his rash blunders, together with the supercilious,
cavalier way in which he is perpetually commit.
ting the Cabinet, as if all its influence centred
in his single person, are daily working wonders for
the popular cause. We hope, for the sake of
his liberal and well-intentioned colleagues, the
heir of the House of Derby, will take a hint in
season.

Some clays back we gave the substance of the
speech of Lord MULGRAVE, the Governor of
Jamaica, to the House
of Assembly of that
island on the opening of its Session. The an-
swer of the Jamaica Legislature, with the reply
of the Governor, are too important and interest-

ing to be so passed over, and, accordingly, they
will be found at length in The Sun of this day.
The latter document contains an admirable spe-
oirnen of the firmness and temper tequired in a
man placed in the delicate situation Lord MUL-.
GRAVE undoubtedly is ; and re augur from it
the best results in the course of the execution of
the measures we fear it will be found necessary
to adopt towards our contumacious colonies in
the West Indies. The West Indians are now
playing a mistaken game,—the game which ruined

the Tories of England,—that of utter defiance to
public opinion. Their answer to the speech of

the Governor of Jamaica contains but too cer-
tain evidence of their ignorance of the state of
the feelings of the people of this country, irri-
tated by constant opposition towards them. The
idea of the planters repudiating the right of
the Imperial Parliament to interfere between
them and their slaves, when it is only by the
interference of the King's troops that the whites
can be preserved from the vengeance of their
oppressed fellow-creatures, is as absurd as it is
unconstitutional. If any parties have a right to
complain of the Imperial Parliament, it is the
majority of the population of the West Indies
for so long suffering a minority to exercise a
power over their persons which it has solemnly
recognised as unjust. What it would have been,
and still would be, wise in the planters to do, is

to acknowledge that slavery must be abolished,
and to come forward with some plan of compen-
sation of their own. We have often contended

that, as a matter of principle, they have no right to
any compensation for yielding up what they
ought never to have possessed—that, if any
thing, they ought to compensate the slaves ; but
we are willing, for the sake of accomplishing a
great good, and in expiation of its having origi-
nally shared in the guilt of the whites in the West
Indies, that the nation should by some means
ease the loss, be it great or little, which they
must sustain by a change of system. Such,
also, we are satisfied is the feeling prevalent even
among some of the stanchest of the abolitionists,
although it may be that they seem to snatch at
the gold gown in order to secure the sleeve. But
to benefit by this feeling, the planters must take
instant advantage of it, or they may depend upon
it that the kind of locus penitentice now granted
them will be taken away. We marvel that expe-
rience of the horrors they are subject to under the
present system, has not of itself been sufficient
to turn their views in that direction. They na-
turally deplore in their address " the conflagra-
tion, rape, and assassination," to which their
properties, families, and lives, were exposed
during the late rising of the blacks ; but has it
never struck them that " conflagration, rape, and
assassination," are as naturally concomitants of
a system of slavery as light and warmth are of
sunshine, or as agitation and discontent are of
boroughmongering. The latter was got rid of
only when all classes had been ground down to
a state of intolerable misery. Will not the As-
sembly of Jamaica consent to abolish slavery till
each member of it has had a son or two murdered,
a wife or daughter violated, and a plantation
burnt ? We could say more, but verbum sap.
