SINtULAIt CASE.

The Mary Anne' transport, from Malta, and the
Isabella, from Gibraltar, affived last week, with
Officers of reduced corpsand detachments of troops,
to be discharged from the serVice.—By the Mary
Anne, Mr. KINNAIRD (son of Mr. KINNAIRD,
Magistrate for Westminster), came home as a state
prisoner, being charged with the murder of a
Maltese, under singular_circumstances,which have
been stated as follow :—The accused obtained per-
mission of his father, about three years ago, to
travel. lie went toAthensorith the view of adding
to his professional acquirements, and became
acquainted with an English Gentleman,who had a
servant, a Maltese, of a sharp, penetrating dis-
cernment, but excessively morose and vindic-
tive. The servant had exercised a controul
over his master, which the accused could not
hear to witness, and endeavoured to repress. The
most implacable enmity arose on the part of the
servant, from whom the :accused had reason; to
expect the utmost violence. The young Get,tle-
min prepared himself against any tiaßgerpns
emergency, by carrying a brace of pistols
in his breast. A 4 Constantinople, the Mal-
tese gave many proofs of his enmity ; and
on one occasion, which was fatal to him, sent for
Mr Kinnaird, who was at a feast, and who, with-
out knowing by whom he was called, left his wine
with precipitation to attend his Visitor. The nivo-
ment he came into the outward apartment,, tat
Malteze seized him by the collar, and made a rows
tion, from which the other expected something
dangerous. The Maltese dragged about the ac-
cused, who drew one of his pistols and shot bins
'through the heart. No attempt at escape wat
made. The accused immediately went before the
British Consul, and demanded to be sent to this
country to take his trial upon any charge that may
be instituted against him. Mr. Kinnaird was de-
tained on board the Mary Anne, until Adkins, the
Bow-street Officer, arrived on Friday morning,
with a warrant -to take him into custody. They set
off on Friday night for London.— ( 'ortvuoutis
Paper.)

PROVINCIAL PI 1"1' CLUBS.

,CELEBRATION OF THE BIRTH-DAY OF MR. PITT,
AT DERBY.

On Fmiday week the Members of -the Derbyshire
Loyal True Blue Club met at the Supper Rooms
in the Assembly Room of that Town to celebrate
the Anniversary of the birth of the late Right
Honourable IVilliam Pitt. The Meeting was at-
tended by many of the County Magistrates and
Conntry Gentlemen, as well as by Many of the
loyal and most respepahle Inhabitants of the
'['own, who sheaved no dimninution of zeal in up-
holding tho,e sentiments, and in diffusing those
principles, by an adherence to which, this coun-
try has been raked so. high in- the scale of nations,
and is become the envy and admiration of the
wot Id. The Room was decorated with large busts
of Pitt, Wellington, and Nelson, and• other em-
h ematicai devices suited to the occasion ; and the
Stewards had made every arrangement that ,could
condoce to comfort and enjoyment. ,About half-
past four more than a hundred ..Membets.sat 110,Y11
to a most excellent dinner,. comprising every &H...
racy hich the season afforded. The was
set yr d up in such a manner as did infinite credit
to Nits. Wallis, and called forth general wake
and aeprob.ition. Immediately after dinner,
Non nobis Domine P' was snug in excellent
stele by several Members of the ClUb i after which
a number of Toasts were given from the Chair by
time President, the Rev. C. S Hoes ; and in va-
rious instances appropriate speeches were elicited
from time Chairman and other Gentlemen, some
of which we have had the opportunity of select-
ing. After a short prefatory AddresS, the Presi-
dent gave

The King, and may we never forget him, though he can no
longer rememner us.—.(Which was drank in silence.)
The Prince Regent—(three timts three.) _ _ _

The Doke of York, and the other branches of the Royal
Fatoily--(three times three.)
The immortal Nleioury of William Pitt,

Preparatory to the above Toast, the Chairman
addressed the Company at folloxs
Though aware that, in attempting' any eulogy
on the character or policy of that great and illus-
trious Statesman (to do honour to whose memory
We are here asSemhled) I may vent ore far beyond
nsy depth, t must take the liberty of intruding'
upon you for a 'short tine. More than 13 years
have elapsed, since this country wag dernived of
the greatest Senator of whom she could boast at
any period—

" Amid the storm that shook her periled state
" He fell. And Albion's safety trembled there.
" In life his labour, and in death his prayer."

IBS talents—his patriotistn-;--his virtues are still
fresh in the memory of all ; and every year has
served only to increase (among his admirers at
least) the deep regret whichhisinemature loss at
fit st. inspired ; and we still, on this day " keep
our 'Oaten' vigil o'er his tomb." Europe since
Lis tkeath has known the value and importance of
a IYlan—who, nurturid as a, Statesman, was de-
Toted to the State. In a period .of .change and
convulsion, the most perilaus in the'history of
Great Britain, the promptitude and firmness of liis

measures saved hiS Country. His plans were full
, •of energy; and. the principles • which
-- them, looked beyond the consequences of the.
. hour. He knew nothing of that timid and waver-
ing cost of Itniud which dares not abide by -its own
decisions. He .had a proud reliance. on himself,
and it 'was justified. " Like the sturdy Warrior.
leaning on his battle-e'Xe, -capiciops• where his
" streng% ,lay, he did not readily.l,9ok beyond ii.",
To his
.unswerving integrity, the, most antheßtic
Of all testimony is to be found,:iirthe unbounded'
public confidence which followed `hint throughont'
the whole of his political career.-4 have felt it
.
necessary
,say thus much-, as preparatory to the-
Toast 1 intend to give; becanse 1. conceive.ltfto
be connected with the great object of our meeting,
as it shews the necessity and. utility of a mutual
• support and firm, :union between those Clubs and
Associations, which are attached to the principles.
Vitt adherence to which, and by'au.
extension „qt.:their influence, the •prosperil of
linglAnd, ond:.the safety of other Countries, can I
alone be secored„ , • :
The Array and Navy.-(three times three.)
- _
.
;fii.g iving•the'above, the'lrreSidefir observed—
•
your give the Army and
Navy. 19)pres"sed with the' same idea, that " Brig.
land ?,:lpects cr'ery man to do his d(ity," our soldiers
have equalled the explbits 'of our sealnen,l (to ex-
cel them. was impossible,) and may fairlyent wine
the laurels of Waterloo with those' of 'Trafalgar.
Zorn in the same land of freedointiorsed In the.
'same cradle of liberiy—they possess 'the Same Per.,
sonal courage,—the same spirit 'of National hide-
Pendence, and 'have equally deserved the peaise
atkd gratitudeof their country. •

The Rouse of Brunswick—and may they never forkCt the
principles which Seated them on the Throne of these Realms.
--(Three-tinseS three.) • -• : .
The• Ministers t)( the Prince Regent,hy whose firmness
and perseverance the vast designs of Pitt hai,e been accom-
plished. May they lOng continnelo merit and enjoy the Con-
fidence .of the' Piinco and the People.; and •to receive: the
same support in the House of Commons: as they hate latch. ex-
perirneed ou Mr. 'I, ierney's motion.---(Three time's threci)•
The Protestant Ascendancy.—(Three times three.)• • •
In proposing this Toast the Chairman observed,
whitever difference of opinion there' may have
been tut to the propriety of the toast 1 ant goitig.to
:pr,pose, yet es it is one-of the standing toasts on
the Ariqreriary of Mr. I'itt's birth-day, I shall
.hot Mike any apology for giving it. Thanks to
an inestimable Constitution we have, I trust too

long, and happily experienced, the blessings of to-
leration and civil. freedom, to refuse it to others.
We haVe not objected to soften and review those
rigorous edicts of former times; and a gracious re-
peal of many penal statutes has distinguished the
Councils .of the present Reign. Bat it does not

follow that the human Catholics should be ad-
mitted to all the priviliges they may claim. :Mr.
. Pitt allowed toleration in its fullest extent, but he
never would-suffer any infringement - upon those.
estiiblished rules in Church and State, upon the
pertnanctice 'of which the'existence of the Con-
stitution .deperided. The first and greatest duty
of the legislature is to secure our privileges and
.establishipents as settled at the Itevolution.--,-
These -privileges were not gained without a
struggle, but were long and arduously contested;
and now, they are acquired, and the value of the
ectoitititn4 duly fcco,guized, we should caccfully

abstain Trom any step which may bring them into
the slightest danger.
The Patrons of the Club—(Three times ‘liree4
Mr. HoLDE:t4, (who officiated for Sir William
Cave), rose .to return thanks, and delivered his
sentiments at considerable length, with great
fluency, animation,. and energy. He observed,
that at a period like the present, when we bad to
lament the alarming increase of those crimes.
which interrupt the good. order of
_society, he
could not, nor would any of those who heard
hint, be unmindful of the attempts which were
daily making in various parts of the country to
demoralize the sentiments of the great body of
the people by the continual publication of the
:most vile, seditious, and blasphemous writings.—
The industry with which these were circulated,
should be sufficient to give great cause of alarm to
every man who had the well-being of his country
at heart ; be therefore conceived it highly neces-
sary to place a strong harrier against the further
progress of these attempts to sap the foundation
of public morals and ruligious feeling, by the sup-
port and union of associations of the followers of
Mr, ritt's prineiplett ; by these, he was convinc-,
ed, that the ,honour and satety of the country
would be best served, and he trusted that there
would ever be found a large body of men firm and
united in adherence to those great principles of
Pill, trout which the country had already derived
such security, renown,, and prosperity.---He ad-
verted, at some length, mrthe influence of the
landed and commercial interests, and expressed
wish that they might not interfere with, but mu-
tually support each other. lie concluded, by ac-
knowledging the pride he felt in belonging to the
Club ; and expressed his determination to give it
His countenance and support on every occa-
sion.

The President then gave the health of the Chap-.
lain, Dr. Sleuth.
Dr. Sleat is returned thanks.
The next Toast was—
The Duke of Wellington.

The Chairman here stated, that he felt it his
duty to say a few words in offering a toast, which
he was sure would be drank with rapture and
enthusiasm. . I have now, said he, the honour to
propose the health of a Hero, whose triumphs
it is needless to recount, and whoSe unparalleled
and important services and transcendent exploits
are far beyond any language I can use to charac-
terize or express. Their nature and character are
such as will render the name of Wellington im-
mortal, and will constitute one of the most bril-
liant epochs in the history of this country.—
Gentlemen, it any thing can add to the pride, or
enhance the pleasure I feel; in being your Chair-
man on this occasion, it is the circumstance of
presiding here on the same day, in•the taineeause,
and with men of the same principles, that Eng:-
land`b great Champion is the President of the Pitt
'Climb in London. It is'a circumstance which must
afford the highest gratification to every individual
'present--,to-evety inditidual of the Pitt Clubs,
and every loyal Association in - the united king-,
dom---that be, Who by:his great achievements in
the •field contributed so much .to carry into execti-
lion the principle; of Pitt ; —and. who has so lately
used, his influeneef: iu the Senate, • to; preserve
in-
violable our COll9 tittimion in Chorch.and-,Statt
Tin great and.invincible W.t ilington this day pre-
sides ever us—for we may :consider ourselves
branches of that parent stock, (the London Pitt,
Club), which :was planted as a rallying point for
all true patriots-7-as a bond of union,l9}-aliy;and
public spirit ; and it undoubtedly lutist gke ad-
ditional honour and , weight .to the principles of..
Pitt, that, they are adhered•to and 'supported by:a
Nobleman of such splendid talents', anitstkii pub
lie audimrivate worth. We may congratulate
selves on haviog the honour of, beiog one day
under the command of ;het illustrious '6enei•al,.
who, when, a gigantic power Ayent forth, tviihtur
evil spirit to overwhelm ..every cOmmithity of 'the
civilized world-7-when Europe lay, ioa death-like_
lethargy at the foot of a relentless conqueror --;mttept
forth, (IA interposed his
.mighty. shield' het wee!)
the despot and ,his victim ;• who turned time arms
of the oppressors,on themselves ; redeemed the
nations of time Peninsula front slavery, and carried
their avenging armies to the very doors and hearths
of their perfidious aggressors. 1 am sore the very
thought of, serving ;under his banners, beneath
which the Eagles_ of. France have bowed theii
laurel wreathed necks inn the day'of battle, must
and will increase our respect for, and attachment
to these Institutions; will add to our conviviality;
and, give .eciat to our. prOeeedingsH-Gentlemen, 1
our convinced you will do justice to the toast, and
with gratitude and enthusiasm, will drink .• •

Health, long life, and prosperity to the Doke of Wellingr
ton, and that, fie who was invincible in the field, may ever boo
shielded from the hand of the asiassin-

. ,
This was drank three tithes three, and with re
peated cheers.
Mier the loud .applause which folloWed this.
toast had subsided, the Chairman rose to give—.
" The other Heroes-of Waterloo—more
daily those of the 71st Regiment,' who have this
day favoured 'us with .their company."--.Gentle•
men, in the name of this Club, 1 can assure you,
that we are prOtd. to recelve".you us our guests;
proud to associate with 'men who have so gal-
fought the battles of their Country, and
bled in her .cause--with those who have braved
and escaped :the perils of that Memorable day;
which comPleted the renown and 'perfected the
triumphs of yOur intrepid and 'invincible Com-
mander. For great as were liii 'cooquesti in
India, or in the Peninsula—yet all fade before
the splendid achievements of this memorable day';
a day which future' historians will record with
wonder and admiration, and upon which our
latest posterity will reflect with conscious pride
i
and
.glory.
This was drank with great applause.
Major Reed returned thanks.
Mr. Heathcote then begged permission to give
the " Health of . the President,"---which Was
drank with three tincesthrei.
The President said, in: relurning'thinks, that
such a. compliment would have beets very flatter-
ing to hits under any Circurnstanees, but nothing
could be more grateful to his feelings
_that such a
tribute from an assembly. like that around him—
from men whose hearts were,warns with the glow
of loyaliy—and he vas at a loss to convey to
theta the impression lie felt, and iIIQUId ever re'

k
tail, of. 311 ch A di3tingbistied !nark of ;heir appro-
bation and esteem.

l'he next Toast was Our '(.3liri.ro/sConstitiit'inn—the pride.
ea lit Roos, a«d admiration of the world.--;—May it he iux-,
mortal in its duration; awl retain its anvieut with-
out. passing through: tire ardent crucible of Reform. •Wiid:
men formed it, brave men have hied for it ; it is our duty to
preserve it.—(Three thAes.three„) .
The new elected vatcvt.4tlle Cluh.—(Thres times three.)
The Members for the County.—(Three times three.)
Daniel Parker Coke; Esq.—(Three times three.)

The Chairman then called the attention of the
Meeting to a riOast,,'W.ii id) C00(1 nut fail to
awaken many painful recollectiotts-, but in Isis
op4nion it was better these recollections should
be awakened, titan the cause of them should be
passed over unnoticed. He wished to propose,
" The Memory of Spencer Perceval ;" a Toast.
which ought never to be•omitted on this day—To
the revered Memory of the Right Honourable
Spencer Perceval--i-one,,-who fell a martyr to the
principles of Mr. I'i:t, and was untimely cut off
by the ruffian band of violence.—Maintaining the
same ptinciples and pursuing the game line of
-policy as his illustrious Predecessor; he ever stood
forward the zealous, undaunted, opponent of fac-
tion, sedition, and treason. His- .virtues.wete:as
amiable, as his talents were conspicuous ; the
good of his Country was the, •dignified and noble
principle by which he was actuated ; and had his.
life been longer spared, it would, no doubt, have
been devoted to the service of that Country,. -
This Toast produced an universal and sympa-
thetic feeling, and was drank in silence.

May the Principles of Pitt always animate the Conucils of
Greiit l'hree times three.)
The Noble President and Members of the Pitt Club in
London.

The Loral Ladies of Derbyshire.
Ships, Colonies, and Cum'tneree.. . . . .
The Prerogatives of the British Crown, and the Rights of
the British Pe4S
The Pat Clubs of the United Kingdom, and the supporters
of their principles in every part of the world.
Prosperity to the Town and Trade of Derby.
May we never want a Pitt its the Cabinet, ur a Wellington
in the Field.

" The Bishop of Lincolu."—We have paid `ti just
tribute of respect to the memory of a departed
friend and disciple of Mr. Pitt. I beg leave w pro-
pose another friend, whore, on account of the
connection which so long subsisted bct een them
in early life, and the uninterrupted confidence wit!t
whiCh Mr. Pitt honoured him to the hour of his
dem h. I feel justifi,ql in giving. It. is the, Bishop
of Lincoln, who, though lie claims no merit
,on
account at theliterary acquirements of his pupil,
yet Watched with pleasure the progress of his on-
rivalled.. abilities,. and lent .his aid to cultivate
those. 'Man( taleots„ .
•lie boldly co-operated
with him in tho,se, measures, t.o
,wh:ch,; Ity the
blessing- of Providence, t,his country owes its
safety,_ its prosperity; its greatness. lie wits a
man who fought under_the hanne.r of his pnpil„
was: thought worthy. of his „frie:nsl,ship, .and did
not, like others, forsake( the standard when his
..6,eneral fell,;, but same line of
,poky,,ond maintained he

!The.. Electors of the United Kingdom, apd maY they ever,
distinguish between the emPint SOUND of :patri6tiinz. and Mc
.1 0 lid eitse of it. • ' • •.- •

• :Loyal Subjects of all Natipas-70May the Nation sqpßortAire
Principles of Pitt, as the Principles of Pitt have supported
the Nation. " • • • • . • ;

Lord Sidnioutb--rand %Olen the Vessel of State is threaten-
ed with storMs, may the Pilot be found at the helm.

The President 'retired -'soon- afier nine.—Marcy
other Tfiasts and Sentiments were given, and the
con;iiviality of.tile •.IVlr'eting was tept Up wit 11'
great spirit till elevert,o,'„e_lpcli,

no,N(.7sTEa.--Cin se'nniuht
birth=day %vas celebrated ‘.kg-( the AL
rhis;place. . Tl,•e.(tioner, «lt ch consisted cat.
tibe, rarities. gf,,tlie season% Was provided by, Mr.
.Branch; of, the Green 'Dragon Inn, and the even-,
•itig'%Vas'enlivened by appropriate toasts and semi-'
ments,, ,and occasional songs.

.
. .
"dt..AidoW.—••=the Eighteenth AnniVeiistry of
•Mr; Pitt's birth. tras Friday selitnight .ce.le-
brdted 1 the .Atseinlily iitoptns.,,by the Pitt,Club,
composed of Gentlemen of the town and neigh-
bouiliood. Above 130 sat down to dinner. Mr.
B,,chesian, of 'Artloch,. in. the,.chai,r7-114. R. D,
.Alston ,croupier. .:The chaiylpao,conducted the
bnsiness of tiie.evening witb,,much prof riety' and
spirit. The leading toasts were introduced with.
"'vat. and
,pointed speeches, ,and Gow was very
happy .in
,the selection of appropriate tunes.
nunber of excellent songs enlivened the enter--
'tainment.. The President for next year it Mr.
'Alexander, of Sontlibar.

'...liOiii.,_',iit iitiltNB.

A' Public' Festival commemoration of Roi*ERT
Bußsis', 'and to promote a Subscription,' to erect
a National Monument to his Memory at &fin-
burgh, , was celebrated in the 'Freemason's Ta-
iirn on Saturday last. The. Cliair was filled by.
his Royal Highness 'the Duke of ,(.505SEX; whirwas
supported 'by Sii• James' Mackintosh, Sir Francis
Burdett, the Rev. Mr. Crabbe, Mr.'Thos. Moore,
Dr. Lindsay, and several other distinguished in-
diVidtills. The festival was numerously and re-
speetabiy attended, and the now of eloquence and
feeling continued almost without' interruption to
a late hour.

after the cloth was removed, Non Nobis was
&ling in an ,excellent stile by Messrs. Taylor;
BroAhorst, Evans, &e. .„..
'His Royal Highness then proposed 'the' King,
the Prince Regent; and the Navy and Army,
when. .

Sir JAMES MACKlNTOSl3,lll:propoiingthe-Dulte
of Sussex, stated- the circumstances which! led to
the Subscription, and spoke in language .of high
eulogium, of the Gentlemen of Bombay,: where it
originated,' Ile afterwards entered with great feli-
city into the character of Burns-,.whom h.e describ-
'edas the poeticatrepresentative'of his own country
in the assemblyolnatioils. It was a mistake to sup-
pose Burns was an unedocated had read,
Moreand -better hooks than'Homer. No-Scots pea-
sant was uneducated; and it was to the diffusion of
eduCaiion, and the diffusion.of intelligence through
educat ion, that they owed a.Burns. It was among -
the most provident, the most moral, and religious
people in the world, perhaps, that this great
Genius arose—he •arose among a .people, distin-
guished for their domestic morality ; and what-
ever taults the frailty of our:nature, and the mit-

Cortinfes vc:llett ietol
him to coon.lit, Le always evinced, that his mind
was formed it) those seent!s of 'domestic moraiity
described by Kato in it immortal Poems.
The Duke.of SussET., in proposing the Memorf
of Robert Eurns, paid a high compliment to the
worth of t!;e Scots peasantry. • He observed, that
Burns had Len a sacrifice to his independent
principles ; fi;r, had his principles been less pure.
he would have ',een more fortunate at the mo'
ment, though hi: memory would now he less're•
vered.

Ott the Gentli,tnen of Bombay, who commence
eel the Subscription, being proposed, Mr.Foibe4
Mitchell returned thanks in their name in an itu4
pressive speech.
In proposing the memory of thti Scottish Bard,
Sir J. MACKINTO9H said, he felt a pride in stat-
jog, that Buchanan , and Thomson, as well at
Burns, were inspired by liberty.

. . ,
Sir JAmt,,s MAcKINTosn, before proposing the
-following ToilsGobserted, that ihe preSeut testi-
,val was without eximple in the history of the
wolld7r-a large,body 4Gentlenteit were 11141 dal
assembled to celebrate the memory of an illus..
trious Veasant. He then proposed the health of
one of the children of who honhiiretrthent
with. his presence that day.

Mr..lloßtAr.Bvals, in a speech every vt!i,Y
worthy
.of the,soo.of such a father, returned
his thanks for the honour done hits. rR
confirmation of the observation of Sir James
Mackintosh, that Owns was not an tined.icatect
Wall, he described the I),brary of the Poet, whicti
he siid contained in it Chaucer, Spencer, Milton,'
Dryden, Pope, Goldsmith, 'f ass°, Voltaire, Mo.-
kere, Boileau, Rousseau, and the immoral
Shakspeare. It contained also those Seoul
Poets vt ho bad a more inimediateinfluerice On the
direction which his. poetical talents took. lira
wds perfectly acynainted with the six Books of
Eticlid—, as master of Land Surveying. He con'
chided with offering up his wannest thanks to
two distinguishqd liviug Poets, for the honotti's
paid by thentra the memory of his father,—ard
Poet, who had, painted in such. glowing colours
the deeds of our heroic ancestors, and the Mud of
Green Erin, Who bad awaked from its long sileOce
the limp of the Bards of his native country, Hill'
rtIO stood fCgt 11!tie steadfast advocate of civil
andreligious

Mr. WAl;tift SC.oit was then propnced.
afterwards Mr. Gorge Crabbe and the Bards c)1
Eneland.,
Mr. C7t,BBE returned thanks in a neat speech.
Sir JANiES MACKINTOSH then' piopOsed tiro
great riati-oal of Ireland—l hat aation 'Ea
Et11.01)e antol)g, ‘ThOill eloquence anti wit wero
most spontaneous.
Ali.. Aloottir, in returning tlietik3, obairriid,
that Buins was one whose very errors were lilts
one Ot his own mountain streams, thet spalW*
whilst it streys, awl is graceful even in its
i,iteantiers.
Mr. FORBES :MITCHELL, as Treastlrer,annonnc-
,ed that tile.suber,ip:iuns of that day,ativorrroi,(l"l
sg,,,and the aggregate sub,criptions to I 0; 61..."
and obszreed, th'at ttliee dint stun ww1414"?
tie b.rsiness.

Swne adinirab:e, songs, ,of the poet were sett''
with great effect by Ir. Broadiursudiul othersto
the course of the evening.
We regret to say tbat ;11(1;4)08416n compelle4
the Duke of Sussex to wit hdraw•at an early•honr°

On Friday inornirgn Clerk in a BrinkirigAonse
in the City sliot himself. r'-eqson i§ assigned"s
ite has been observed in a low staote; for six
Months. He bus been in the house twenty
years,

Nl4 GA I{ e•Are rage Price of Br.own or Nln‘cov44lo.StigBr°
etnnpoted hum the Returns wade in the week ending Jung IP
1419, is 425. 14d. per ci.et.

• BIRTH. •
On Friths), last, at 10 Lordship's iIOII3C in Park-lane,
countess ( rattley, of a

MARBLED.
•
On the 24th ult. John Steele; Esq. of TT trpei-street,
figlit=road,. to Miss E. M. Earle, only daughter of .11.4.41.0'...
Earle, Esq. of Cornwall. .
. „

DIXD. , . i 1
. .. .
On Saturday last, at his house in Queen Anne-str ,
t
West, Lieutenant-General Sir Jaiiies Canipliell, laveriteli
B. G.C.H. and K.C.F.

PROVINCIAL BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEAVII.
BIRTHS. .
s,
At Rutland-square, Dublin, the Lady of Edward Er.
Maunsell, Esq. “1 a st i II- born chad...
Lately, at North Great George's-Street; Dublin, the OW
Mrs; A. HA-4)i Litachiltson,of a:dattgllter. •
Lately, at Dittisliam, near Dartmouth, the Lady of th"
Rev. H. Newman, of a son.

MA P. H ED.
Lately, at St. Nicholas Chin ch, Leicester:, John Ilicharail
Major, Esq. B.A. Scholar of Ti College, to Maria, seCo/'
Il;atigliter of the Hey. Pryce Junes, Vicar of Althorpe, rV
Not thatopt onshi re.
Lately. Mr. John 'Sullivan, of Ballycoskerra, Ireland, Aged*
sventSf.ll•7o',, to :%liss Landers, daughter of Mr. John Linde,
aged eigisiten years.
At falmoutti, lately, Mr—Gabriel Abrahams, aged sevOlr
three,. to his servant girl,./atie Symonds, aged eiglacen.
bridegroom burild his foriuer wile only a few weeks prertotii.

DIED.
Lately, at Batb;:Mt. Richard Broad, aged 66, many yea 1
a guide in the King's Bath : Lis remains were iutyrrra:o" Twerton : and the same evening (by his particular reque-4
inuffird peal of grandsire triples, consisting of 1 819 chang
(the ,clatetif the .3.4,,r) rungat, the Abbey Church., ,
Lately, in the 99th year of his age, Mr. Robert Whitts
of the Heath, near Tenbury. Although blind the last gi"
years, he was remarkable for his eheerfuiness of dispositioa'
Ou the ",'.1,1".u1t.. at Norton, Sufrolk,.lllr. B. L. Clalt°r4-
surgeon and apothecary, of that place.
Op Thursday, at Stranford, in the Parish of Eardislsndo
~,,
lierefisAshire„ ill her one havdred and ninth year, 067
Perry; this venerable matron (with the exception of a see
surgical.operation in the back, which she- underwent nuu-,t.
fifteen years ago) enjoyed, during her long life, an al0)°"41
uninterrupted state of good health, and her death aPf4.8.,3,
to he only the result of. extreme age, for it was only. the 11
previous to her dissolution ifiat. she tool t 6 lice bed, and be:
faculties were clear to the last hour. She attributed her In.":;'
traded life tO hard work and hard living She rememben
wheat at 2s. 6d. per bushel, and muneorn mictUre
(1,
wheat and rye) at Is. 6d. per bushel; meat from td.. to ft.ts
per Ih.; and butler 'A. per lb.' Her eldest daughter is 'l,
active i/a4ne of 84 ; her youngest son is about 60, her adcs
grand-daugliter.46, and her eldest great-grand-child

LONDON; l!rioted,by,J. B. CARSTA S, IR of :No. e9p,tre,ia,
(411)0nd-street, tAtwen-snare; and pohlislied by
SCRIPPS, of No. 7, Sou Molten-street, at Tao
01Ece, No. 112. Strand ; when:. Aareltiscoutdrs, 01"'
Lvt.14.1 s, (post-pail) must bu a ILl:esscei.

`g
