THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY. JANUARY 2L 183 Y.

EneelishmMt! the Irish people fought withyou, and for you, to civil freedom the mgt unctLitructed range .! and I alh
the battle of the Reform Bill.—(Load cheers.) York- most desirous to vanish for ever:S.:sem Mar tehhpleli anti cut
shiremen! the Irish peonies lent ileetr beet ell-tete:Ur to the altars the class of steorded cliseeetee and eectuer bickerings.
blow with whielt .yeu felled to the earth the gaunt form of --ee Cheers.) And while's we thus advance with the age
negre ..t:t'very.—(Loud cbc'eres) INIon of Leeds I the Irish ;ie which Ise live, and adapt the framework of our polity to
people' kept not hack their assistanc'd in the stregele which surrounding circumstances, and cling, P.O eibilie ifiechme
conferred tin `your city the privilege 'of self-government. it happens to be an fs.ncit,_,A abs ill-. ine
Arl4, What, Gentlemen, has heysn the return ? the smallest from ini iMprereiiietit iNallee lc is a change—(Loud-
shred of municipal ireitutions—the slightest pretence to cleeera)—Whilst we thus advance, gentlemen, I must cege
provide for the: I:tovernment and management 'ef ichet her at the same time that lam little :
largest\ tier busiest, and most thieritNe cities—nay, the desert the
nelne by which is recorded est.". mode of policy, with which ~:„..,..r.,:f.
or
wim,;t hriisiin,,oseptllctoas(Lse,linit 71?ti..:57
con: '6O predict. tlee Vega iof iftsh ais:ren,k„ga .1:1A1,t ttin
is associated every t'ene Of British—and not only of 13;;,'„o*
ntn":lei'et VAPAhr i'ri t ngd'..-1::::-(1-kcar.,) Wll\ he it so the
but Eurerea'n freedom and civilizetiee—bee PAM ett,Yrky• hsanl.&.,3 'of Indi‘viO.allS Sri, ''f I,',arlies and of the empire,
and tentemptuously denied them.---(Hoer..) k-"seedio then, i are lieYold *the !e't a and scan of dittha. ealculetwin i
es their 'fellow-countrymen, (telvorreA, Wh }Mean and veer- I but *se setatever depths Of o%ciirity I 'or n* eriesegi'say be
selves, and instruct yowl. Roreeesentetives to detreind for t consigned, it is seffle'At l'itr ',Vt'h, 'es an individual, to remem-
them, that this decrial 4 these common iigh'es `ellicli ynu her that for net!‘.• Uccessive elections I have borne your
have won and enjoy, Shall no longer Isa. opposed to their coVeY'sh Lo victory.—( Loud cheers.) It is sufficient for me;
1
manly and perseverin7 derneatke--( Hear, hear, and isseel as a member of a party, to reflect that in fiear eledi.t eat- We
cheers.) lam glad, 1i,71, itew way, to observe aael, "remark— have reformed the reprtesettati'On ',A We Pebple in Parliattent
and it could not be tentntentional—the eiiersee of Sir Robert —(Loud elosetthe)seiC hahe refarined mid eiOned).l6 Waal-
Peel Peel on this tieead.—(Hear.) ►Ytwt. hre aware, Gentleman, c;tiAt C'efiPeratiOnS-e2(Chhe'r-s)=W'i hithi iviv:epL from our
that the plea on which the inquality of civil privileree has ' blushing reedr4s 'ell'e 't'kiV,l4e. bode of slavery—(Applause)--1
been attempted to be iesetified was grounded ett the affected we lave 4ie'itystl'ichie the Rae and shores of the globe to
apprehension aithe prevalence of aritteibte—(Hear.) Bett feei‘.,Y,sn trade and British enterprise—(Renewed applanst)asa
how, I ask, has this been.efirested ?—(Hear, heees) i we, in a word, have done all that upon tree lilleellect and
am warranted, I am ?ewe, in hazarding the ttelfertion, that hesitating conduct to ..thi'dli Sir Robert Peel, the ablest
there is an exteos;ion of the confidence *nosed by the bulk champion ef' iNnervatism, rests his sole defence of the re-
of the Irish people in the up4ght intentions and the ins- cent policy pursued by the House of Lords—(Loud cheers)
partial government of the Chief Governor of Irelareis feelial —and this, gentlemen, the legislation .4 Hee; y&PS, the far
?dulls-rave, under them, and in cordial esersestettlece with and dimly-seen results of witai tire calculated to enrich and
whom, I have the high satisfaction Woe ettlnes, and to this bless generative et Yoh unborn, and ages yet uncounted, has
cause may also be attributed the iffietvement and general beetweel.et the ovcrtimed and the impatient mark it—has been
tranquillity of that country, send the diminution of the else- d- 'achieved without the form of the Constitution iselost Vlblatdd
racter and the number of outrages there which, -although —without one breaeli of the law btittg tantioned—without
lam aware certain persons affect to deny t —IS susceptible one single drop of lumen blood being spilt.—(Loud cheers.)
of the most positive proof, from dry returns and statements, Constittosteci'tleisf England! send.us still onward on the same
and the authority of doctnents.—(Cheers.) Well, though path.—(Loud cheers.) It. is a career too lofty and glorious
itos true that the tranquillity of Ireland has incheetied, for us to desert while there remains a triumph of good
largely increased, yet agitation and these tebrmal schools government, of rational freedom, or of human amelioration
—which were relied on as the leoditA bug-bear by Lord to be accomplished.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, I may
Lrulleurst and the House of teottis, in order to check the he thought too much a party interested to urge upon yott
general current of legisktien—have hardly ever been. in the propriety of a vigilant attendance at the Courts of
such a state of prominent activity.—(Louti cheers.) Registration, or to perseveee In a mutual union and co-ope-
Such, gentlemen, has been the precious result of that ration among yelirselves.—( Hear, and cheers.) These are
egregious policy, which was not content with drawing thts. posts which devolve on you as electors—it is for the re-
lines of demarcation between the three countries olden presentatives of a free people—it is for the Ministers of a
form the nations of the empire, but has with admirable great empire, to perform their parts honestly, fearlessly, and
ingenuity so barbed the wrong with insult, that what. with zeal—to labour in your service—to be jealous of your
ever real advantage by the measure of Corporate Reform creditato promote your welfare—to advance and improve '
would have been conferred on the inhabitants of the large your resources—to consult your permanent interests, even
towns of Ireland has been lost, whilst a sense of injury has when opposed to your momentary impressions—to guard
pierced into every cabin, and rings rettead every hearth- the freedom of Great 13ritain with every safeguard—to
stone.—(Loud cries of hear,) It has opened to indignant array it with all the lustre of the liberal arts, and all the
eloquence the most unfrequented echoes, and stirred he Manly, mild, and
,Christian virtues—(Loud cheers)—to be
energetic action the 'most slumbering spirites-tLoud as devoted in the Senate and the Council as our soldiers
cheers.) Gentlemen, there is another lending question, on have been in the battle, and our seamen on the billow—to
which issue not only the Irish but the national policy mate- sum up all in one sentence, to be worthy of such a country.
rially depends—(Hear, bear)—it is the state of the Eccle- —(Loud and long-continued cheering.)
siastical Establishment of Ireland.—(Hear, hear.) Ample The next toast was—" The Members for the West
endowments were bequeathed by the piety of invlividuals, Riding of the County of York."—(Loud cheers.)
and of former legislations, for the pisses of providing Sir G. STRICKLAND rose to return thanks. They were
instruction and religious consolation for the Irish nation. living at a period when great national and constitutional
Now, look to the componentsof that nation. I like to put questions were frequently discussed ; and perhaps there was
those things plainly to the good sense of the people of York, nothing more remarkable in the present state of the nation
for great pains have been taken to keep them out of sight. that this—that amidst almost universal prosperity indivi-
The Irish nation consists of eight millions of inhabitants, duals and parties assailed each other with extreme hostility
,of whom not more than 852,000 are members of the Ista- and asperity. But if they took a calm and dispassionate
blished Church ; and of the seven millions Who form the view of the questions at present in agitation, they would
remaining portion of the population, the immense majority find in them something to surprise ; nothing to alarm ;
of 6,400,000 were Roman Catholics.—( Hear, hear.) Well, for they had on the one hand the great body of the people,
then, Gentlemen, a State provision has been made for the and a large proportion of the middle and higher classes of
religious wants of the Irish people—unleeppily the poorest, society, united to obtain a reform of all the institutions of
and, I fear, the most miserable en the face of the earth the state, and a thorough redress of grievances ; and on the
—but there goes not a fraction of this to the seven mil- other they had the old Tory party trying to rechristen them-
lions, but it goes exclusively to the 852,000, who, more- selves Conservatives, and struggling to preserve or to re-
over, proclaim constantly that they comprise by far the establish those abuses by means of which, for so many years,
larger portion of the wealthy, the educated, and the en- they were enabled to misgovern this country, and upon
lightened classes in Ireland. (Loud cries of " Hear, which they lived and prospered.—(Cheers.) He had seen it
hear.") Now, Lord Wharncliffe tells us, " That the value stated that the repeal of the Test and Corporation Act,
of an establishment is the provision by the State for the and the carrying the measure of Catholic Emancipation, had
religious wants of the poor ;" but the Church of Ireland laid the foundation for all the subsequent reforms that had
does exactly the reverse oh this.—(Hear.) And again taken place. But that was taking a very narrow and con-
Sir Robert Peel, in his late speech says, " I mean to sup- traetcd view of the question, and he need dnly appeal to the
port a national establishment, which . will connect Prates,. history of' Yorkshire, and to the names of many great men
tantism with the State in the three --countries ;" and he also now no more, to prove that for the last fifty years a desire
says, " The established religion is deep rooted in the convic- to reform the representation of the people in the Commons'
tion, the feeling, and the affection of the Protestant people.' House of Parliament, and to remove those defects which
—(Hear, hear.) Now that observation might have been had established themselves in our institutions, had taken a
applied to England and Scotland, where with propriety the deep root in the feelings and affections of the people. For
people can be said to be a Protestant people, and therefore fifty years the people were determined to accomplish this
into the question of the expediency of religious establish- grand object. At length, alter a glorious effort, reform
meats in those countries, I shall not enter ; but I cannot reached the House of Commons.--(Cheers.) It never was
but think it a left-handed compliment, to place those este- intended that the Act by which that reform was effected
blishments on a level with the Church of Ireland.—(Hear.) should remain a dead letter to ornament the shelf of some
. lam sure John Knox, who has lately been invoked at a library, there to rest and rot. No, Reform had proved itself
great rate, would not be a little scandalized at such a cons- to be a goodly tree, extending its branches far and wide, and
panionship.—(Hear and laughter.) But if the Irish are to already it had ripened much wholesome fruit.—( Cheers.)
be called by any name, and if it be necessary to distinguish The question was now asked, from one extremity of the
the people of the empire by their religious professions, then United Kingdom to the other—cannot reform reach the
must the Irish, I fear, be called not a Protestant, but a House of Lords? Deeply as he was attached to the prin.
Catholic people;—(Hear, hear.) I wish that this was not ciples of the British Constitution, that was to say, a Govern-
so, but we must deal with circumstances as we find them, !tient consisting of a King, a House of rtir-ds, or an assembly
and therefore although the Protestant establishment be of the Barons and the Aristocracy, and of a House of Corn-
rooted in the conviction, the feelings, and affections of a Pro- mons, or an assembly of the people, each acting upon and
testant people, yet we must not wonder if it be not rooted in controlling the other ; firmly as he was resolved, as far as
the conviction, feelings, and affection of a Catholic people. in him lay, to resist any attempt that might be made to re-
On this subject I have not kept back my opinions from the model, or rather, he should say, to change the British
array of Conservatism and the Tory phalanx in the House Constitution ; yet, still, as he was of opinion that it could
of Commons ; and I certainly shall not keep it back from be proved that defects had crept into the construction and
an audience which I apprehend to be somewhat less Conser- working of the House of Lords through the lapse of time,
vative ; and this opinion is, that in the measures we have and the violence and intrigues of parties, so he thought it
hitherto proposed we do not go the full length to which the was their duty to reform, to restore, and, by that means, to
premises of the case might naturally carry them.—(Loud preserve the House of Lords.—(Cheers.) He would,
cries of " Hear," and cheers.) We are accused by our foes therefore, as shortly as possible refer to those plans which
of betraying the Protestant Establishment, but it is my had been proposed for that object. The first, and for a
sincere convections that we euttee offered to that Esta- long period, the only plan which was before the country
blishmett terms more favourable than I, who belong to was, that the King should be addressed to make a nume.
it, dare now to hope we shall ever see realized.---(Loud rous creation of new Peers. But he (Sir G. Strickland)
and ,continued cheers.) And it is painful indeed, for must say that he thought a more unsatisfactory or a more
the sake of that Establishment, that we are now corn- clumsy expedient never was proposed, for he would ask this •
pelted to fight those, which ought to be the battles of one plain question—Had they not already Lords enough ?
purity and faith, with unseemly weapons of warfare, and —(Great cheering.) Nay, of what was it that they com-
that the clergy, often entirely blameless, are exposed in plained ? That the old, the well-known, the respected
situations which they have not made for themselves, but aristocracy of the ccuntry—the real, the true House of
being placed in which, they consider it to be their duty Lords had been overwhelmed and swamped by the deluge
rd dependant on their honour not to quit. them. As a of Pitt Peers.—(Cheers.) He said it with feelings of high
Orotestant, then, and as a churchman, 1 feel that the time satisfaction that the people had no reason to complain of the
presses for a speedy adjustment of this much vexed Peers who bore such names as those of Fitzwilliam, of
question, and that if this adjustment be not speedily ac- Russell, of Cavendish, or of Howerd.—(Loud cheer-
compashed, then meet all hope for it be irretrievably ing.) It was the turncoat merchants and bank-
lost.—(Loud Cheers.) Gentlemen, I allude to the pa- erg—the speculating lawyers 'of broken fortunes
verty ohith affects the balk of the Irish people. I shall -and shattered principles, living upon pensions taken out
not dwell upon that harrowing subject, for sure lam that of the pockets of the people, of whom they had reason
you will all agree with me that it is not one to be approached to Complain. It had been estimated that the King, in order
for the purpose of playing with your sympathies, but that to exercise his undoubted constitutional prerogative of sw ay-
we rosy adopt sound weestures of practical relief ; and I ing the majority of the House of Lords by new creations,
cannot, thereforee quit it without stating my conviction that would be obliged to make an addition of not less than 100
on the part of those intrusted with the management of affairs new Peers. But whilst the House of Commons was limited
there is no question can approach—whether with reference in number, and the Housc.. of Lords went. on accumulating
to their duty as stotedmen, or their feelings as philanthro- at this rate, was it not evident that the balance of the Con-
pists—that tiltit is no question which approaches in the stitution must be shaken ? Besides, as had been well and
deep importance of its details to the introduction of a sys- wittily observed, if we went on thus continually multiplying
tent of IN.anelaws into Ireland.—(Loud cries of " Hear.") the number of Peers, we must double the width of Downing-
. It is by legislating in this spirit, and on these enlightened street, witten all the avenues to Government, double and
considerations for the sufferings of that country—by a re- quadruple the number of sinecure places and undeserved
cosenitiOn of the rights and confidence in the gratitude of its pensions, to make room for these hungry expectants after
people, that we can most hope for, and best deserve to make place, power, and public plunder.—(Cheers.) Another plan
her, instead of a thorn, a burthen, and a blot, our partner, had twee proposed whiciaehe, confessed, was more difficult
our help, and an ornament in all the arts of the empire, and I to deal with ; because at first sight it seemed to be better
all our paths of glory.—(Loud and continued cheering.) i founded on reason. That plan was that the House of
Gentlemen,—with respect to the external aTtirs of the Lords should, in some manner, be elected by the people.
empire, I never meet you, at each recurring year, with- —(Cheer:-.) He had elready taken an opportunity of ex-
out n,ingling my gratitude. lam sure with your own, that pressinc,rhis dissentfrom that scheme—( Exeressions of disap-
we still possess the invaluable blessings of peace—(Cheers). probation)—because he thought it would be opening a wide
—and I could wish that other nations, with whose interests and dangerous breach in tire long-tried and established
we cannot fail to fsel a natural concern, could see their long principles of the British Constitution. Ile thought that
intestine strifes draw to an amicable close ; and though two popular assemblies could not long exist together—
I cannot follow them, with entire satisfaction, in every that one of them would become predominant, and the other
instance, yet, I must ever feel a lively interest in the spoil- f4ll into .disuse. They would then have a Government
taneous warfare of our fellow-countrymen, although not in consisting of one uncontrolled popular assembly, with a
the cause of otir own country. But I can far less enter , merely executive King ; when the great danger to be ap-
into the feelings of that party whose constitutional predi- vel-tided would be the establishment of a military and
lections have enlisted them in the camp of Don Carlos, kingly despotism—(Loud cheers)—or else the no less
or whose orthodox aspirations have induced them to fist- fearful despotism of a wild democracy.—(Cheers and
low the banner of the Inquisition.—(Hear, hear.) With hisses.) He knew that there were persons enam?ured
respect to the future march of our internal national po- of their early reading, who Would say that in the small
)icy, of course I am aware that there are questions on republiss of ancient Greece the human mind made the
which the friends of liberal principles may differ.—(Bear.) most a stonishing advances : that the arts of architecture,
I hope, however, that however they may differ, with ho- of scuff pture, of painting, and of eloquence, arose to a pitch
nour, their mutual respect will lead them to make allow- of per ection of which at this day we were only the humble
ante for each other.—( Hear.) And I should here, Gen- imitators ; but their personal safety and liberty were un-
tlemen, be glad to inquire, are there no questions upon kno•a n. and we still read with feelings of anxiety the stories
which the Conservatives—although more inured to discip- of inany great men, who, having well served their country,
line, and more disposed to passive obedience—are not found wee e sacrificed to bursts of sudden popular phrenzy, or
to be unanimous? Do all Conservatives profess to hate for ever banished from their country.—(Applause.) If they
the name of Reform?—(Hear, hear.) Do all Conserve- too ked to more recent examples, they found standing con-
Lives shrink from the circulation of one pound notes ? spiouously forward the republic of Venice, but that spon
(Hear.) Do all Conservatives cherish the malt tax ? de generated into a cruel oligarchy. Another plan had
( Hear, bear.) Do all Conservatives affect to treat the been proposed which he blieved to be the favourite
Irish people as aliens ?—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") Do all or the present day. It was this—that the House of
Conservatives agree with the declaration of Lord Whalen-. Lc rds should be allowed only a power of revision—that
cliffe, with respect to the establishment of the Catholic tb ey should possess only a veto for two, three, or four years•
religion ?—(Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, lam prepared to per- Flut was not that contending for a mere shadow ? Was it
severe in the course of public conduct in which I have . not, in fact, almost a literal description of the present work-
hitherto trod.—(Loud cheers.) I value, and will to the 'i ing of the House of Lords, with all its delays, of which they
utmost maintain, the Constitution of the country—but I so much complained? But then, it might be asked, " are
under its broad expansive shade, I would remove every oh- there no methods by which
,e” we can
He thoughreform, it thererestore,
were.--
an,edpre-
stacle, and clear every avenue of access to every class, to. serve the House of Lords
every creed, and every race, that owns its sway and courtly (Loud cheers.) He would not trespass upon their time for
its shelter.—(Loud cheers.) I will persist in the reduction I one moment by making any observation upon the childish
and removal of all the remainder that exists of exclusive custom of voting by proxy, without hearing one word of
privileges and monopolies, by which one class of our fellow the argument advanced in support of, or in opposition to,
countrymen may be benefitted to the detriment of all the ii) e question to be decided ; but there was another part of
rest.—(Loud cheers.) I would give to religious as well as the report which he could not pass over in silence, because

!,t waK ry,4: aleeest lirto,7llt, ender the eonsi-
eratilan House
priety of the Bishops sitting in the Hotne of Lords.-
(Great cheering.) Their nurnberis were StriCtly limited ;
ap4, theref* he thC,UOt thiS
of our hlsrory incre tie
double the number of Bishops, together with mitred Ab-
bots, who sat in, the House of I.9rds, At another period
in Our history there were no Bishops in that assembly, At
all times they sat theta by iryliitienCe;L-4jheers.) lie
*6Ol, Oial44e4el iOliirn the Most
[tie stitacet. He had atrCii;:.,;, that by the
inordinate increase of the" A.umber i'eers for party pur-
-I;6se; dtiriii'gr the of , Geo, tjeii: ha-
;ince 4 the' COtiiil,Ltian' had been that Wit-
ham IV. was the first King of England who had ever been
deprived of his constitutional prerogative of influencing the
majority of the House of Lords by new creations, The
thitigiii f-UOtled l 6 bn fuilk iinderStood at tie
peiltidS
.of the tinitin ibith Sebtland afid The
Sebtbli 11:ebtt *bit; ilierObre; lirniteci to 16, and the ifisli
63 2g: Biit, the bitperinient tlien tried Of making, the 16
Peers of Scotland a self eieeted bOdy bad prodtteed as sa-
tisfactory a result as aid seltl-elected corporations, fie:. fhek
always returned a filialanit df persons representing one set
of tipithoili atone; i 3 tii6 Of all others;—(Cheers.)
That there Was a state or the law dna fegtfirtti td le al-
tered and amended, and as he thought that the principle of
the. British Constitution Was that the House of. Lords
tir.ltigi§t *1:110 diielent afistoeraey of the land,
he thought, that the 16 who sat in Parliament for gatland
should be those of the oldest creation. Then taking toge-
ther all these facts; these principles; and these precedents—
if the House of Ctithbititis weft! lintited itt riumbetif the
eicotch and Irish Peers were limited in number—if the ha.
lance of the Constitution had been shaken, and the King
deprived of one of his great constitutional prerogatives—lie
thought they came inevitably to the conclusion that the
House of Lords ought to be limited likewise.—(Cheers.)
For the sake of argument, then, taking three hundred
for the limitation—he thought that they ought all to be
Peers of the oldest creations. Then referring to the toe=
cedents of Scotland and Ireland, it would not be necessary
to deprive the rest of their high-sounding titles, some of
which had been -acquired by public serviced, of of their
seats in the House of Lords when their turns might conig.
This limitation extending only to the hereditary peerage,
the King would have restored to him his prerogative by
creating Peers for life, Peers for the Parliament, or, should
they live so long, Peers for his own life. There was yet
another subject of deep concernment which was certain
in various shapes, to be brought before the House of
Commons. The question was, " Are you or are you not
of opinion that the Reform of the House of Commons has
gone for nought ?"—(Cries of " No, no.") In stating his
own conviction that the reform of the House of Commons
had not gone far enough, he felt the advantage of the
strong ground which he bad taken in resting all his argu-
ments tiport the undoubted principle of the British Consti-
tution ; for, as he would uphold the true House of Lords
as a safety valve to the nation in moments of great
public excitement, so he felt himself strengthened and
fortified in his position that the House of Commons
ought to be, to use the words of Mr. Burke, " the true
counterpart and express image of the people."—(Cheers.)
To effect that, he thought that the Septennial Act ought
to be repealed, and in preference to the five years proposed
by some, that they should return to triennial Parliaments.—
(Cheers.) But in doing that, he thought some precaution
ought to be adopted, that elections on an average should
not be much more frequent than once in three years. Be-
sides this, he long bad been, and still was, a supporter of
the vote by ballot.—(Loud and continued cheering.) He
coincided in the opinion expressed by Lord Althorp, on the
passing of the Reform Bill, that the insertion of the clause
which extended the elective franchise to 501. tenants at will,
virtually carried along with it the vote by ballot.—(Cheers.)
If he were asked how the Reforms he had suggested could
be carried into effect, his answer would be, that events had
taken place within the recollection of all whom he addressed
—aye, within a very few years—which clearly established
the fact, that if the people were united and determined they
were irresistible.—(Continued cheering.)
The next toast was—" Mr. Parker and the Reformers
of Sheffield."—(Loud applause.)
Mr. PARKER, in returning thanks, said—Gentlemen, 1
feel, after the speech of my Noble Friend, that I am not
called upon to enter upon any detailed defence of the mea-
sures of the Government of which I am a servant, or to
attempt any detailed answer to the various accusations
which, at the late autumnal banquets, have been adduced
against us ; but I must say that no Government ever had
combined against it a greater mass of general calumny and
abuse, as if the party of which we are the members were not
as much interested in supporting the glory and prosperous
fortunes of the British empire, as these ancient Tories or
-new Conservatives themselves.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, in
the name of Lord MelbourneN Government I protest against
the imputations with which it has been loaded. Sir Robert
Peel, in his late speech at Glasgow, has declared, and in
the abstract I quite agree with him, that it is inexpedient
and unwise to meddle with such delicate machines as that
of Government without much study and deliberate atten-
tion to its structure. Now I suppose that he means by
this that Lord Melbourne and his colleagues are not the
persons whom it is safe to intrust with power. If so, I
ask him why he did not depart from general assertions, and
adduce a single instance ? How is it that no Tory or Con-
servative ever does so? Of the speech of Sir Robert Peel
I have only to say that it appears to me that it would have
done equally, so far as its spirit goes, for any other time. It
would have done in 1828 ; and after it he might have op-
posed the repeal of the Test Acts. It would have done in
1829, and after it he might have opposed the Catholic Re-
lief Bill. It would have done during any year in the inter-
vening period ; and without departing from its spirit, he
might have opposed any of the measures of improvement
which have since become laws.—(Hear, hear.) But there
is one cardinal defect in such a speech on such an occasion.
Only conceive 3,500 persons gathered together to hear the
sentiments.of the great Conservative leader, and Ireland,
with all its difficulties, dismissed almost without a sentence.
--(Hear, hear.) But whatever might be the views of the
audience, Sir Robert Peel well knew that silence on such a
subject was his wisest course.—( Hear.) He must feel that
unless he can induce himself and induce his party to change
their Irish policy, that the soliloquy of Wolsey—" Fare-
well, a long farewell, to all my greatness"—must also be his
own.—(Hear, hear.). He must know that it is impossible
to base a party, in these times, on the principle of not doing
what is just—(Cheers)—and he must feel that the public
opinion is taking its position on the side of Ireland. Gen-
• tlernen, I believe that no man is fit to be a Minister—that
no Minister either can or ought to stand a month—who ad-
ministers Ireland on any other principle than that adopted
by Lord Mulgravc—and administered under the direction
of that Noble Earl, and our Representative, Lord Mor-
peth.—(Hear, hear, and loud cheering.) We are bound
t 3 do to the Irish as we should expect Ireland, under.
other circumstances, were we similarly situated, to do
to us, and the people of England will suffer no system to
continue which shall impair the union of the triple Crown.
—(Loud clioers.) Gentlemen, God and nature have
brought these isles together in political and geographical
affinity. What God and nature have put together, let no
Minister place asunder. I consider the objections to Lord
Mulgrave's Irish system a war against statistics ; a war
against common sense, against justice, and against facts—
(Cheers)—and when I hear distinctions, made amongst
English, and Irish, and Scotch representatives, putting the
three countries into different schedules, and saying " these
are English, but those are Irish only"—(Hear, hear)—l
must say I disbelieve altogether in the statesmanlike quali-
fications of the individuals from whence they come—(Hear)
—no matter how high their station or great their authority
may be.—(Cheers.) Sir Robert Peel had observed, I must
say•without his usual caution, on the differences amongst
Reformers, and has adverted to certain uncomplimentary
passages between the adherents of the present Government,
and some of their supporters, and Mr. O'Connell. Now,
gentlemen, much as they talk of disunion amongst Re-
formers, are they themselves a whit more united ?
(Hear.) There are very different spirits in that party from
the spirit of Sir Robert Peel ; and were they in power,
the great expectation I should feel of the speedy reinstate-
ment of the friends of the good old cause would arise, from
the inevitable differences which, hushed for a moment,
would soon break out in the camp of the Conservatives, be-
cause I am quite sure that Sir Robert Peel could no more
command the continual service of his adherents than Lord
Melbourne or any Minister in times like these can com-
mand the adherence of every species of Reformers.—
(Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I call upon you to attend in
the Court of the Revising Barristers, as well as at the
hustings, and I will quote the last political words of one,
which will have far greater weight than anything which can
fall from me. " Register, register, register," said the late
Lord Milton, at that last dinner of which he was the Presi-
dent, in commemoration of the election of my Noble Friend.
Though the lips from whence this advice came are now
mute, and the young hope of Yorkshire is no more, York-
shiremen, I am sure, will remember the substance of the
precept, and at the proper time will do their duty.—
(Loud applause.)
The next toast was, " Mr. Baines and the Reformed
Constituency of Leeds."—(Loud cheers.)
EDWARD BAINES, Esq., M.P., was received with loud
applause. He said--Gentlemen, it affords me the most
sincere pleasure to witness in this borough, which I have
the honour to represent in Parliament, one of the most
splendid political festivals that had ever been held in the
county of York, or pethaps in the kingdom of England.
This meeting unites all the ingredients which are essential
to give character and dignity to its proceedings—rank, ta-
lent, opulence, and numbers, everything, in fact, that, one
could wish to see congregated on such an occasion.—

AA we have also what, if it were wanted as
i‘( C htietekteet,?‘
would deprive: the meetine of all
i I
1,3 jtihii;st,tl
v: liberty an e reforre.—
nn hour
(Cheers.) ft not feF ge.c
as thistee occupy much time(" tiff? go 611 1
----I,vith a
sPeeeetsitidri onylea eubleofe Wheels at prevent engage
so large a portion of fhe feileeite setticatione When I consi-
der that I have frequently had opporttenities of speaking
so large !lumbers of you, and you' have had frequent oppor-
o.f heat'ii,.g' and becomieg acquainted with the semi-
reente . which I hat + Oished to convey, it is the less neces-
seie that shoald on thin eceelien long H
detain yen. ow-
evete ihie I Will ieae; ihat, animated heihereeeption which
you have been preeeee to give Mc—a receptiOil Ohich
pute quite as Much to your faliCf..); towards my constituents
tls te4eids ieyeelfenitnated by that feeleep I cannot en-
tirely pass by those eieeeeete without observatioe, And I will
say, Gentlemen, without demi-gee, This a fit occasion to enter
ha anything that belongs to myself, if glitollt return to Par-
lidtrient fete erlendid exhibition of this night, Palmated
ditti invigorated bk the spith "'Web your plaudits have inftlsed
into thlg theoting; a.hd the. spirit int./tiled by the speakers
who have gone beeste, end if I may he so invidious as to
particularize, I must say by net of the Noble Lord, who has
to-fiiesbe iseen excelled himself.—{(sheet's.) What a subject
of congratulation it isegentlemen, that while we afe reposing
in safety in Yorkshire, enjoying ourselves, and stimulating
edeil ether' to exertion, anxious to gecore the future pros-
perity of else cage in which we are embarkOdf we know we
have a representative over the channel for a great pert of
the year, endeavouring to make happy a people who deserve
to be tt ell ettlee, yet have been misgovereed for centuries
past.—(Cheers.) It is matter that can never fail to occupy
agreeably our minds, when we think how we contributed
to raise him to the station he se well deserves, a man who is
so honourably acquitting himself in this country and in Ire-
land. Gentlemen, on my return to Parliament, I shall en-
deavour to secure one thing, whatever else may fail—justice
to Ireland.—(Cheers.) We have heard something of a speech
lately delivered at Glasgow, and I confess I read that speech
with great delight. I read it with delight because it bears
testimony to those principles we support. Instead of show-
ing the Government we have supported to be imbecile, the
speaker bag eibibited a catalogue of acts such agayere never
performed before by arty Government since England Was
England.—(Cheers.) Sir &beet Peel, to answer his pre-
sent peepeteg enumerated the Acts Of ten years' legislation.
He told his hearcee ihat had been achieved, I will read you
shortly his bright and brilliant catalogue of their deeds. I
agree with Sir Robert Peel, both in his facts and his deduc-
tions from those facts, and therefore I hate thought proper
to bring before you, as many of you may not already have had
an opportunity of reading the speech, what I call the ten cardi-
nal points adduced in Sir Robert's speech. Sir Robert first
utters this sentence :—" The whole commercial policy of the
country has been changed ; our intercourse with the East and.
West Indies has been put on a totally different footing ; mo-
nopolies have been destroyed, and free and unrestricted in-
tercourse established,"—(Cheers.) And this man talks of the
imbecility of the Government, The changes here announced
pass glibly over the tongue, but when you consider the con-
sequences of these changes now only beginning to be felt, you
will think they were worth living an age to effect. They
spread a beneficial influence from the rising to the setting
sun. It has been beautifully said that the sun never sets on
the dominiotig of England, and if it be the case that free
institutions are established in the East and the West, to the
extremities of the world, we bevo both benefited the coun-
tries to which we trade and ourselves. That is the first act
of an imbecile Government. Hear a few more. Let it be
observed, as Sir Robert Peel says, quoting Lordellohn Rus-
sell—surely he is an impartialeudge—he cannot be said to
be partial to the principles you support. The next point
he quotes is this :—" The whole of our criminal law has
been revised and consolidated. The severity of our crimi-
nal code has been mitigated." I confess, gentlemen, some
of the merit of the accomplishment of this belongs to Sir
Robert Peel. lam sure I would be the last man to with-
hold whatever merit does belong to him, for his speeches
are distinguished in a peculiar manner from those we heard
about the close of the last Session, when a certain Noble
Lord talked of Irishmen being " aliens in blood, in religion,
and in language." Sir Robert seldom introduces language
embittered by recrimination. Ido not wish to withhold the
tribute that belongs to the Right Hon. Barotiet, and some
of the merit of the amelioration of the criminal code is his ;
but, at the same time, we must look to the foundation of
these ameliorations. Are they not attributable to Sir James
Mackintosh, Sir Samuel Romilly, and other true and faith-
ful, Whigs, who had been so much calumniated, yet who
have done so much for their country ?—(Hear.) The next
point to which Sir Robert Peel adverts is this—" The
civil disabilities have been removed from the Catholics."
An achievement certainly of no slight moment, having been
contended for during the last thirty years by the Whigs, and
at last Sir Robert Peel and the Duke of Wellington were
compelled to give way, and concede to your opinion and that
of the country. The next point to which Sir Robert Peel
adverted is the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts.
—(Hear.) Is that a small achievement ?—(" No, no.")
These Acts had existed for nearly two hundred years, and
yet by the exercise of public opinion, Sir Robert Peel and
those with whom he acted were obliged to repeal these
enactments.—(Cheers.) The next" point to which he alludes
is a Reform in the House of Commons, which has taken
place within the same period, and that in spite of Sir
Robert, and in spite of all the force he could bring to op-
pose it.—(Hear, hear.) Was it an act of imbecility to
destroy an oligarchy that had formed itself upon the Con-
stitution, and that had established itself in such a way as
to render its overthrow a gigantic achievement ?—and yet
this Government, with all its imbecility, accomplished that
act. The next topic to which Sir Robert alludes is the
abolition of slavery. Gentlemen, in the accomplishment of
the abolition of slavery, I am happy to say that all parties
to a certain degree were united ; but when I make that
admission, I must say there was one party particularly pro-
minent in their desire for that abolition, and if a disposition
to effect that glorious consummation did exist in one
party more than another, I should say it existed in the
hearts of the present Government.—(Loud cheers.) Sir
Robert Peel next says—" The municipal institutions of Eng-
land and Scotland have been refortned."—(Hear, hear.)
Was that nothing, Gentlemen ?—(" Yes, yes.") Show
me any period since the conquest up to the present time
where such acts have been performed, and which haVe been
performed as the Noble Lord very justly observed, without
the shedding or a drop of human blood, and without any
description of force being resorted to, but the force which
arose from the expression of public opinion, acting on an
enlightened Government.—(Loud cheers.) The next
point to which Sir Robert thought proper to address him-
self was to a most salutary object which was accomplished
the last year. He said, "In the last Session of Parlia-
ment, the laws which affected the Dissenters of England
as regarded the marriage ceremony and the registration of
.births, were entirely altered, and complete relief given."
—(Hear, hear.) These arc Sir Robert Peel's own words,
and I think we shall not deny that on those questions
as relating to Dissenters, complete redress has been given.
—(Hear, bear.) Sir Robert says, " The tithes of Eng-
land have been commuted."—( Hear, hear.) The tithes,
as many of you know, have for ages kept up a spirit of
bitter hostility between the parochial clergy and their pa-
rishioners, end have prevented religion from having proper
influence over the people ; yet, during the last year this im-
becile Administration have commuted the tithes in such a
way as to render the arrangement of that difficult question
satisfactory to all parties aild tpe ressive to none. The Right
Hon. Baronet says again—" That the taxes on knowledge
have been removed." I sun eery glad that the taxes on
knowledge have been removed, and if the audience to which
Sir Robert Peel addressed himself will use in a proper man-
ner the knowledge they may now enjoy, they will find that
Sir Robert Peel ought to be opposed to the party to which
he is at present attached. But, gentlemen, there are still
remaining other measures to be accomplished, and I hope at
the end of Sir Robert's
,rectoral year, he will return to
Glasgow, to inform the good people of that city that four
other measures of great national importance and advantage
have been achieved by the same Administration. I hope he
will say, " Gentlemen, when I was before you on a late oc-
casion, I enumerated a great many public advantages which
have been achieved during the last ten years. It is now my
happiness to mention four more very important measures,
accomplished, indeed, by that Administration of which I
have before spoken.—(Loud laughter.) The first is,
that there has been complete relief given to the
people of Ireland, so far as regards the commutation of their
tithes, and that in mentioning to you that fact, I can tell
you that it has been determined to apply the surplus reve-
nues of the Church of Ireland to the moral and religious
education of the whole of the people of that country...L.
(Loud cheers.) The next act that has been performed is
this, that the Government has completely reformed the
municipal institutions of Ireland, and has placed them upon
the same footing as the municipal institutions of England
and Scotland.—(Cheers.) I have also to inform you that
a legal provision has been made for the destitute poor of
Ireland. The fourth act which the Government has per-
formed is little less important, namely, the unconditional
and entire abolition of church-rates in England." I think
whetr Sir Robert Peel has made this annunciation to the
people of Scotland, and when he tells the good people et
Glasgow how much progress has been made b 5 the Govern-
ment, they will be satisfied that Sir Robert Peel may say
with a very good grace " Gentlemen, seeing how important
• and valuable are the measures of Reform passed by this
Government, I am determined to leave the party to which I
at present belong, and become a member of the Reform
Government."—(Cheers and laughter.) Gentlemen, whoa
Sir Robert Peel has made this public avowal, we may con-
gratulate him upon having placed himself in a right position.
—(Cheers.) The passing of these acts will do more to
give stability to the House of Lords,' and to remain for that
assembly the affections of the country, which has been so

i

much impaired by their proceedings dUting the last ses•
sion of Parliament, than any logic of Sir Robert Peers.—
(Hear.) 'lt is my cordial wish that the House of Loids,
without entering, into the elaborate details which my Hon.
yriend, Sir George Strickland, has presented for our consi-
deration, i niu say that it is my ardent wish .that the
House of Lords should maintain their proper stand in
public estimation ; but this respect and confidence can
never be secured by opposing themselves to the wisLeit and
interests of the great body of the people either in England
or in Ireland.—(Loud cheers.) In conclusion, I have to
return you and my excellent friend who has mentioned our
names with so much favour, my cordial thanks and the
thanks of the Reformers of Leeds, for the enthusiastic
manner with which you have received us. It will also be a
source of gratific:ttion to us to see associated in our bo-
rough ro power-nil an array of talent, respectability, and
numbers, and I trust that wa shall have frequent meetings
of ft similar kind for these convivial and patriotic purposes.
These metings will strengthen our already strong position,
and tend to uphold that policy which is the best safeguard
for the public interests, and the. support of good govern-
ment.--(The Hon. dentlemau resumed his seat amidst
lOud and low, continued cheers.) . .
SJveral other toasts were proposed and speeches made,
and the company separated.
