POLICE.

Colonel LINDSAY asked the Lord Advocate, whether
or not it was the intention of Government to introduce
the system of police into the counties of Scotland. If
not, very probably many counties would apply for local
acts for that purpose.
Lord ALTHORP said, that in the present Sessi,,u it
was not the intention of Government to proceed in making
the police system general, as the difficulties that had arisen
were found much greater than had been anticipated ; but
it certainly wiis the intention of Government to make the
system general in both countries, when arrangements could
be satisfactorily fixed upon.
Sir R. PEEL, although averse generally to committees
upon such subjects, hoped that the next Session wou!d be
commenced by a Select Committee upon this particular
subject, which was one of very high importance.
Sir R. PEEL in presenting the report of the Committee
cu the printing peti•ions, hoped that in future all reports of
Committees would be preceded by the list of the n mules of
the gentlemen who served on them.—( Hear, hear.)

Sir R. INGLIS moved that the House should revolve
itself into Committee, to consider the report of the Com-
mittee on the Library of the H0w..., when he would
move an address to his Majesty, to direct additional build
Ingo to be erected for the preservation of th- books, and for
affordine additi.nal accommodation to Members.

Sir F. TRENCH objected to the plan proposed, and
thought that without a general plan and the general con—
sent tit the House, buildings ought not to be erected to ob-
viate a temporary inconvenience.
Mr. HUME thought it was not advisable to build a
Library, without a view to the permanent accommodation
of the House. It might, perhaps, be deemed advisable
to have the place they now sat in converted into a library,
and better accommodation than now existed provided for
the Members, whose numbers were now too great for the
present apace allotted to them. He strongly recommended
the postponement of any definite proceeding at the present
moment.

Lord ALTIIORP thought it would require more time
than they had at present to decide upon this subject, in
connection with others relaying to the House generally. He
therefore concurred in recommending that posiponement
should take place.

Sir FL INGLIS said, that if it was int,nded to have a
new library, the building should be commenced without
delay ; but after some further conversation he consented to
postpone Ms motion for a week.

SINECURE OFFICES IN THE COURT OF
CHANCERY.

On the ques.i n that the Howe should resolve itself
into a Committee on the Customs' Duties Bill,

Sir E. SUIaDEN expressed-his regret that the Lord
Chancellor had filed up the sinecure offices of registrar of
affidavits and cleik of the patents in tie Court of Chancery,
vacant by the death of the late Mr. Scott, which the public
had been given to understand were to be abolished. He
also complained that no proposition had yet been submitted
to Parliament for fixing the amount of the Lord Chan-
cellor's salary. He had desired to have proposed the re-
peal of nine-tenths of the new Bankruptcy Act ; but he
did not wish to moot the question until the salary of the
Noble and Learned Lord was settled. When the Noble
and Learned Lord , as out of office, the House was occu-
pied with nothing but discussions respecting the scandalous
fee+ taken by officers of the Court of Chancery, but the
fees continued to be taken, and nothing was said about
them, because they found their way into the pockets of
gentlemen opposed to those with whom he (Sir E.
Sugden) was politically connected.
Lord ALTHORP complained that the Honourable and
Learned Gentleman had availed himself of the opportunity
of putting a question, to make an attack upon the Lord
Chancellor, and said, as we understood, that the offices
which Lad been reterred to were in the gift of the Loud
Chancellor. and must be filled up until they were abo-
lished. With respect to the Lord Ch incellor's salary, he
bad been prevented from submitting any proposi•ion on
the subject, owing to the important business which had so
long occupied the attention of the House.
Sir R. PEEL said, that it was impossible to be:ieve
that the appointments in question could be otherwise than
merely provisional. In the committee appointed to in-
quire into what reduction could he made in salaries of of.
fices held (luring the pleasure of the Crown, the Lord
Chancellor himself deelired his intention to abolish all
sinecure offices. He (Sir R. Peel) thought it would be a
great improvement, it the measure were extended to the
Court of Chancery, which was applird to other Courts,
for putting an end to sinecures, and making proper com-
pensation to the persons holding them. To show that this
was the view which the Lord Chancellor himself took of
the subject, he would read a passage from the evidence of
the Noble and Learned Lord before the committee. Being
asked, "Are the committee to understand that it is
your intemion to divest the office of Lord Chancellor of all
sinecure situ itionsr he replied, " If I can obtain the con-
currence of Parliament, it is my intention to divest the
office of Lord Chancellor of all the sinecures which have
hitherto been given for the maintenance of his family."—
(Loud cries of " Hear.") Under these circumstances, it
was impossible to consider the present appointment as
more than provisional. Of course, if the sinecure offices
should be abolished, the Lord Chancellor must receive a
fair consideration for them.
Mr. HUME said that hawing been a member of the
committee before which the Lord Chancellor was ex-
amined, he felt it impossible to doubt that the appoint-
ment which had been brought under the notice of the
House, was merely provisional, for if there was anything
more than another to which the Noble and Learned Lord
had pledged himself, it was that he would divest the in-
dividual holding the office of Lord Chancellor of his sine-
cure patronage.—(Hear, hear.) After the manner in
which the Lord Chancellor had solemnly pledged himself
on this point, he took it for granted that the five sinecure
offices held by the late Mr. Scott would be abolished.
Sir C. WETHERELL said, that the Lord Chancellor's
salary ought to have been settled long ago.
Mr. ROBINSON expressed his astonishment that the
Lord Chancellor should have appointed any individual to
an office which he had so decidedly pledged himself to
abolish. He had no doubt, that when it should be pro-
posed to get rid of the office, the House would hear of a
claim of vested interests in favour of the present holder.
Toss was a sorry specimen of the manner in which the
Government intended to redeem their pledges of economy
and retrenchment.

Mr, WASONsuggested that it might have been necea-

sary to appoint some person provi,ionally to execute the
duties of the office.

Sir F. BURDETT could not believe it poisible that an
irt-ntion existed to retain these sinecure offices. He con-
sidered the appintment a mere offiehl proceeding.
Mr. Alderman VENABLES that the recent ap-
pointment would be received with regret by the country.

Sir E. SUGDEN, in reference to what Ivid fallen from
the Noble Lord A!thorp, denied that he had made any at-
tack upon the Lord Chancellor.

Lord ALTHORP said, that if the observations of the
Hon. and Learned Member did not amount to an attack,
he knew nut what an attack meant.

Sir F. TRENCH expressed a hope that the Lord
Chancellor would take the hint so generous), thrown out
by his opponents, and make the app 'intment a provisional
one only.—(Hear, and a laugh.) To speak plainly, how-
ever, he thought the appointment was intended to be
per,tanent, otherwise the Noble and Learned Lord would
Ii tr.:fly have selected his brother, and given him the
trouble of resigning his seat in the Hiuse. _ _

31r. HUME suggested that the Noble and Learned
Lori might possibly have appointed his brother because he
could hereafter induce him to resign the office more readily
than another person.

THE CHOLERA MORBUS.

In answer to a question from Colonel EVANS,

Mr. P. THOMSON said, that arrangements had been
made in parishes in the city to prevent the bodies of per-
eon, who died of cholera from being buried within the
wal!s of the city; and he hoped the same arrangements
would be extende.l to the whole of the metropolis.—
(fkar.) Some time since, the Government was in treaty
for the purchase of a piece of ground a short distance
from the metropolis, to be used as a burial place for per-
sons who died of cholera; but in consequence of the exor-
bitant price asked, and the disease having abated, no bar-
gain was c ,ncluded.
Mr. Alderman VENABLES said that the City Marc)
of Health was in treaty for the purchase of a piece of
grann•l out I f the city, to be employed as a place of burial
for cholera subjects. He hoped soon to see the practice
of interring bodies in the city altogether abo!ished.
Mr. HUME said, that Ministers should introduce a
Bail vi compel parishes to bury their dead out of the me-
tropolis.

Sir R. PEEL referred to the honour which Liverpool
hal done itself by providing a beautiful cemetery for the
in'erment of the dead.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee on the
CUSTOMS' DUTIES BILL.

Clauses from 1 to 17 were severally read and agreed to,
w .1) amendments.

The 18th clause being read, imposing a penalty of 1001-
on persons for each individual they might hire to land goods
wit'lnut paying the duty,
Mr. ROBINSON thought that the amount of penalty
was not proportioned to the offence and the resources of
the offenders. fie would recommend the imposition of a
larger penalty en those who hired persons for landing
goods illegally. He was of opinion that until the laws
against common smugglers had expired, more severe mea-
•ores should be taken against the principals in extensive
ci:ntraband transit:firms. After the commission of the
second or third offence, principals might justly be made
liehle to the punishment of transportation.
Mr. S. RICE said that the question of the penalty re-
solved itself into a matter of at ithtnetic. It should be re-
eollected, that (or every person hired the penalty would be
1001., which, if ten were employed in landing the goods,
would amount to 1,0001.

Mr. COURTENAY said, that the penalty would rim
operate with all its apparent severity, owing to the diffi•
cull of proving the fact of hiring.
Colonel EVANS said, that the true way to preven
smuggling was to lower the duties.

Air. F. THOMSON maintained that the penalty in
the clause was sufficient. A very high amount would
only defeat their olject.
Mr. ROBINSON proposed an amendment to the
clause, that for the second offence the fine should be 2001,
or an imprisonment of one year, at the discretion of the
Gout betore which the case might be tried. This would
he a security agiinst the higher class of smugglers.
Mr. EWART did not think the amendment necessary.
Mr. P. THOMSON said, that the fines already pro.
pond would, in his opinion, be found sufficient.
Mr. HUME hoped that the Hon. Member would not
press his amendment. Let the Bill as it stood in that part
have a fair trial.

The amendment was then negatived, and the clause
agreed to.

The other clauses of the Bill were agreed to, and the
schedules as far as schedule D.

The duties on the articles enumerated under the letters
E, F, G. H, I, K, L, M, and N, were agreed to.
On the proposition (under the lie " Oil") of reducing
N e duty on castor-oil to 2s. 6d. per cwt., some discussion
arose as to the propriety of still further reducing it, as well
a+ the duty on clove and other cordial oils. The original
motion was, however, agreed to.

The duties on the articles enumerated under the letters
P, Q, R, and S, were agreed to without observation.
Sume discussion occurred on the duty of 2s. per cwt.
proposed to be imposed upon tapioca (letter T) ; but the
Committee finally agreed to the motion
The duties to be imposed on the articles enumerated
und, r letter V, were agreed to without observation.

Oa the proposition for phcing a duty of Is. per cwt.
on woad,

Mr. HEATHCOTE objected. on the part of the grow-
ers of that article, to so great a diminution of duty.
Mr. P. THOMSON defended it, on the ground that
it would beneficial to the manufacturing interest.
The propo.ition was agreed to.
Mr. BURGE, in moving that the duty on coffee should
be reduced from 6.1. to 4d., contended that such a reduc-
tion wou'd promote tee consumption of the article in this
country, would not injure the revenue, and would encou-
rage the cultivation of an article which was the best adapt-
ed fur the purpose of free labour in the West Indies.
Lord ALTHORP said that he was not prepared in the
present state of the revenue to agree to the reduction pro-
posed by the Hon. Member. There was a limit in reduc.
tion, and beyond th•it he could not go, however desirous
he might be to do so. He repeated that he would not feel
justified in the present state of the revenue in assenting to
the reduction proposed by the Hon. Gentleman,--a reduc-
tion which would extend to the amount of 200,0001. per
atinum in the revenue, and which deficit be did not think
the probable consumption for some years would be suffi-
c:ent to cover.

Mr. COURTENAY urged the trial of the experiment.
Mr. P. STEWART opposed the motion.

Mr. HUAIE thought that under the present circum-
,tanees of the Nest Indies, such a reduction should he
ti.ade that would not injure the revenue, and that at all
eventl the experiment was worth trying.
Mr. DIXON said a few words in support of the motion.

Mr. P. THOMSON said that in the present state of the
r,:venue, desirous as the Government were to make such
a reduction, it was impassible to afford it.

Mr. IRVING said that the benefit to be derived from
this reduction to the community would not counterbalance
the disadvantage produced to the revenue.
Mr. Alderman VENABLES supported the motion.
Mr. BURGE said that the Noble Lord (the Chancellor
of toe Exchequer) did not meet the question upon proper
grounds, and contend.d that the only objection which the
Noble Lord seemed to have was, that the reduction which
he bad proposed would incur some little risk of a defalca-
tion i❑ the revenue, whereas, in point of fact, the benefit
would be a great one to the colonies.
Lord SANDON said, that the great body of his consti-
tuents would be greatly benefited by an increased trade if
the proposed reduction should take effect, and under such
circumstances he was disposed to support the amendment.
The gallery was then cleared for a division, and the
[louse divided, when the numbers appeared,

_ - -
For the original motion ... 33
For the amendment
Majority against the reduction ...... --31
On our re-admission into the gallery, we found
Mr. BURGE addressing the House, and proposing that
the duty upon colonial vinegar be reduced from Is. 6d. to
2d. per gallon.
M. P. THOMSON said, that the consideration of this
duty must come before the House for discussion ,n a fu-
ture occasion, and he therefore should on the present occa-
'ion object to this amendment. In c nsequence of the
present excise duties on vinegar, those duties were not net,
but were much increased by the expense of collecting the
excise home duty. As the subject would be fully dis-
cussed on another occasion, he hoped that the Hon. Mem-
btr opposite would not press his antendm nt to a division.
After a few words from Mr. Alderman VENABLES and
Mr. KEARSLEY, Mr. BURGE withdrew his amendment.

DlXONb4gecll;t7trie4;tl;eCornmittee the
propriety of a reduction in the duty on rum, as the pre-
sent duty was, in his judgment, inconsistent with the
system of flee trade. The present duty on that spirit
ought to be equalized with the duty of is. 6d. o❑ English
spirits. It was a prohibitory duty, for in Ireland and
Scotland the article sold as rum was composed of raw
grain whi•ky merely coloured. This had the effect of de-
eating the revenue, and he should therefore move that the
duty upon ruin imported into all ports of Ireland and Scot.
land be reduced to 4s. I Od., from the existing duty of
per gallon. _ _ _

- -
Lord ALTHORP would net now argue that the reduc-
tion which the lion. Gentleman had moved would be the

source of any loss to the revenue, anti he was not prepared
to ‘ay that the West Indies had not a claim to this reduc-
tion which was sought by the Hon. Gentleman ; but he
thought, speaking, as he did, from his experience of the
H lose, that there would be a great difficulty in carrying;
for,atil such a question. He had heard of the notice of
this motion by the Hon. Gentleman with some sisrp.ise.
for he could not think that any Hon. Member connected
either with Ireland or Scotland would have given such a
notice ; and he was quite sure that the proposition would
meet the strongest opposition from bot'i parties, and
therefore it was, that he thought that it would not now be
fair to discuss a motion of this kind, when 90 many Hon.
Members hid left the House, and who would have opposed
it to the utmost of their power. He was, however, ready
to admit that these prohibitory duties should not be allowed
to exist; but at the same time he thought that this was
not a fitting period of the Session to enter into a discus,ion
upon the subject.
Mr. HUME concurred in what hid fillet, from the
Noble Lord (Aithorp), and thought that the duties ought
to he equalized, but he also thought that it was not fitting
that at this period of the session this should be done.

After a few words from Mr. A. JOHNSTONE in oppo-
sition to the amendment, and from Mr. STUART in sup-
port of it,
Mr. DIXON said that no ground had been urged
against his motion, save that Hon. Members were now
absent, and that there was something less than 40 Mem-
bers in the H use. This, he thought, was most disgrace-
ful, particularly when the most important commercial ques-
tion which had been brougbt forward during the entire ses-
sion of Parliament had come under discussion, but which
hail been left by Hon. Members in order that they might
go emvassine for the next elections.
Mr. GOULBURN hoped that the Noble Lord (Al-
thorp) would take the subject of a reduction of this duty
into hts serious consideration both with reference to the
Wtst India colonies and to Scotch smuggling.

Mr. DIXON consente I to withdraw his motion.

On clause 36 being put,
Lord SANDON suggested the propriety of reducing the
duty on currants from 41s. to 28s. per cwt., on the
ground that it was impossible for the growers to carry on
the cultivation of the article under the pr:ssure of the pre-
Rent enormous dtry, which was 550 per cent. and up •
wards on the original price. He thought that the re-
duction which he proposed would be advantageous to the
revenue as well as to the public and the patties engaged in
the trade.

Mr. P. THOMSON said the proposed reduction of
dtry involved so serious an amount of revenue, that he
did not think it safe to adopt it. The Noble Lord was
aware that Ministers felt anxious to mike wl:atever reduc.
tion might appear safely practicable, both in reference to
the condition of the lonian Islands, and with a view to the
benefit of consumers in this country ; but he-(Mr. P.
Thomson) did not entertain so sanguine a view as the
Noble Lord of the effect of the proposal on the revenue;
on the contrary, he was persuaded that the reduction of
duty would be attended with a serious loss, and upon that
ground felt: it his duty to decline acceding to the Noble
Lord's recommendation.

Mr. GOULBURN agreed with the Right Honourable
Gentleman as to the difficulty of relieving the trade in
currants from the depression under which it suffered with.
out materially affecting the revenue. He thought that the
parties interes ed ought to endeavour to have the export
duty, which was levied on the lonian Islands, removed
before they asked for a reduction 01 duty on the importa•
tion of currants into this country.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON said, that the export
duty was inconsiderable (as would appear when he stated
that the price of currants on shiphoard was not more than
Bs. pet cwt.) ; and further, that it was necessary, in order
to defray the expenses of a Government in the Islands.
He was of opinion, that our trade with the lonian Islands
must be altogether lost, unless a considerable reduction
was made in the duty imposed on this their staple com-
modity. He thought that the duty ought not to exceed
20s. per cwt.

Mr. Alderman VENABLES supported the proposition
for reduction.

Lord ALTHORP thought, that while a conaiderahie
tax was imposed on the exportation of currants from the
lonian Islands, the producers could not, with a very good
grace, come to Parliament and demand a reduction on our
import duties.
The clause was agreed to without amendment.
Clauses 37 to 56 were agreed to without amendment.

A short discussion then -arose respecting the system of
warehousing sugar. It was contended by Mr. Buttaz,
Mr. I-lusts, and Mr. Goo:autos, that the practice of
levying the duty on sugar when it went into the ware-
house was very unjust, inasmuch as considerable waste
took place previous to its coming out.

. .
Mr. P. THOMSON acknowledged the justice of the
objections urged against the practice of levying the duty
on sugar cn its admission into warehouse, and stated that
it was his intention to introduce some general measure
❑ext session for remedying the evil, not only applying to
sugar, but also to other matters. . . .

Mr. RURGE said, that any delay would be injurious
to the West Indian interest.

The rem elaufts of tl.e Bill were then agreed to,
and the Bill passed through Committee; to be reported
this day.

SUPPLY.

On the motion that the House resolve itself into a Com.
mutter of Supply ifrine; m ide,
The ATTORNEY GENERAL said that he should
take that opportunity of calling thr attention of the floto,e
to what had passed at an early period of the evening with
respect to the conduct of the Lord Chancellor. It had
been supposed that that Noble and L-arned Lord had last
year made a statement before a Committee of that House
wliich was inconsistent with something that he had lately
done. It was certainly true that the Noble and Learned
Lord had stated it to be his opinion that the mode of pay-
ing high judicial officers by fees was not consistent with
the dignity of a Court of Justice, nor calculated to pro-
mote the progress of public business; and had also ex-
pressed a hope that he might be able to get rid of the
practice. Indeed, a Bill for this purpose had been pre-
pared to b.,, laid on the table of the House of Lords ; and
would, ere this, have been introduced, but for circum •
stances over which the Noble and Learned Lord had no
control ; and he could assure the House that the unfortonate
death of Mr. Scott had made no alteration in the Noble
and Learned Lord's intention to proceed with that Bill, one
of the provisions of which was to abolish the office lately
held by that gentleman.—( Hear.) He ought to state to
the House that the duties of that office were of a very ins.
portant nature, and that it was necessary to fill it up until
the new arrangements were completed. The Lord Chan-
cellor had, therefore, felt it his duty to give it to some one,
and he had accordingly given it to his own brother,—a
person who had undoubtedly great claims upo❑ him. But
this was not at all inconsistent with the statement made
by the Noble and Learned Lord before the Committee of
that House, and in nowise bound him not to prose -d with
the Bill of which he had given notice.—(Hear, hear.)
He regretted that he was not present when this subject
was first mentioned to the House ; but he certainly had
not expected that the Hon. and Learned Member for St.
Hawes, who had brought it under the notice of the House,
would have been present at all, for he had at the request
of the Hon. and Learned Member postponed a Bill he in-
tended to bring forward that night until to-morrow.
Mr. GOULBURN was sorry that the Hon. and Learned
Member for St. Mawes was not in his place to explain the
reason which induced him to notice this subject to the
Howe. He could, however, inform the Learned At-
torney-General that the Hon. and Learned Member fur
St. Mawes held a communication with the Solicitor-
General on the subject of the appointment which had
lately been made ; and had requested him to mention
the matter to the Noble L-.rd who was most concerned
in it. With respect to the Bill which it was the inten-
tion of the Noble and Learned Lord to introduce, he very
much doubted whether it could be discussed in the present
session.

Lord ALTHORP confirmed the statement made by the
Hon. and Learned Attorney-General, that the appoint-
ment in question was only to be held until the passing of
the Bill which it was the intention of Government to in-
troduce.

Mr. ROBINSON hoped that it would be understood,
that when the Bill was introduced, the public would not be
called upon to make any compensation for vested rights.
Lord G. BENTINCK asked whether it was the inten
tiou of Ministers to bring in a Bill to give compensation
to the Lord Chancellor for the loss which he incurred by
giving up the mode of payment by fees?
Lord ALTHORP said, that it was his intention next
week to bring forward the civil charges; and among thrill
a provision for the salary of the Lord Chancellor.
Mr. HUME suggested the propriety of postponing that
subject until the meeting of a new Parliament.
Lord ALTHORP said that he was determined to bring
the matter forward during the present session ; because,
if he did not, it might be imputed to him that he had
purposely left the arrangement to a new Parliament. Ile
had every confidence in the justice of a Reformed Par-
liament ; but he knew some other genilemen entertained
a different opinion, and he thought he should be hazard-
ing his own character if he postponed this matter beyond
the present session.
The sum of 13,4501. was then voted to defray the ex-
pense of the settlement in Western Australia.
Several other vutts were passed without opposition, and

the House resumed.-111aort to be received to morrow.
The Boundarits (Ireland) Bill was read a third time
and pis:ed.
The House went into a committee on the Registry of
D•eds (Ireland) Bill.
On the motion of Mr. SHEIL, it was proposed that
the principal registrar should give his attendance daily in
hir office..
Mr. CRAMPTON opposed the motion.
The Commi•tee divided, and the numbers were—
For the Motion
Against it 35
Majority 31
The Bill then went through Committee. The House
resumed. Report to be received to.morrow.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of,
and the House adjourned at Four o'clock.

RECEPTION of the TORY CANDIDATES
for the REPRESENTATION of MANCHESTER.

(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.)

Manchester, July.

A deputation having proceeded to London from the Tories
of Manchester, for the purpose of fixing upon an eligible
candidate to represent Manchester in the ensuing Parlia-
ment, a considerable degree of anxiety and curiosity hail
prevailed in the town since the departure of the deputa•
tien to learn who that class of politicians were who had the
temerity to bring forward the Tory interest. The de-
putation returned yesterday, bringing with them a young
gentleman about 25 years of age, of the name of Mr.
John Thomas Hope, son of Sir Alexander Hope, the Go-
vernor of Edinburgh Castle, and nephew of the Earl of
Hopetoun. A meeting of the Tories was immediately
convened at the Star Inn, far the purpose of forming a
Cofmnittee to conduct the business of his canvass, and it
was formally announced that the new candidate would
address the electors of Manchester to-day (Tuesday) in the
Exchange dining-room. Accordingly at twelve u'cl ,ek
to-day the Hon. Gentleman made his debut to the elee-
tors, who had• congregated in great numbers. He was
introduced to the meeting, and surrounded by all the in
fluential Tories of the town. He was received with cries
of Off, off, mingled with applause and hisses.
Mr. HOPE commenced his address by expressing the
difficulty which he should have felt in addressing so large
an assemblage of intelligent gentlemen, not only as re-
spected their political acqu rements, but of their general
knowledge, had not that difficulty been mitigated by the
kind reception he had met with at their hands. Mr.
Hope then proceeded to compliment the merchants of
Manchester on the appearance of their• vast lines of ware-
houses, stocked with goods destined to all parts of the
world, terming them mighty fabrics, which science and
ingenuity hail combined to facilitate human industry.
After other eulogiums upon Manchester and its inhabitants,
Mr. Hope said that he stood there to ask their suffrages as
an independent politician. On expressing his sentiments
touching Reform, he said that be went into Parliament
two years ago, with the intention of supporting a measure
of Reform which gave the elective franchise to Manchester
and other large towns, and he regretted that such franchise
had not been granted to them before, but although he
could nit conscientiously sanction at one time so
sweeping an experiment as the present Reform Bill—
(Hisses and cheers)—he would, since it had passed into a
law by the sanction of the Legislature, lend his support to
accomplish that good which its most singuine advocates an-
ticipated. He embarked zealously in the re'orm of the abuses
which the rational part of the communitycontetnplated, and
would be an advocate for the reduction of all unreasonable
expenditure; and in all questions which were brought
hawed for deliberation he would not shrink from the
labour of inquiry. With regard to his opinion on the
subject of the East India Company's charter, he thought
that it would not be policy to discontinue the charter alto-
gether, but to place the Company under diff rent autho-
rity; but with respect to the intercourse with India, he
was prepared to throw open all commercial intercourse
between India aad China, as by that means the population
of India would derive considerable advantage from its con-
sequent civilization ; and the cultivation of indigo and cot-
ton would prove of benefit to this country. As regarded
the %Vest India relations of this country, he, in common
with every man possessing the feelings of humanity, had
the greatest abhorrence of slavery, and he would ad-
vocate i:s immediate abolition, if he could conscien-
tiously believe that it would tend to the real benefit
of the negro population; but he doubted if the ne-
groes were emancipated whether they would be agree-
able to beeotne labourers for life. In St. Domingo,
where the slaves had been emancipated, they had refused
to be hired servants, and consequently the cultivation of
soar in that Island had fallen into decay ; therefore, by
the immediate emancipation of the Slaves in Jamaica, if
such should be the case there, -to what part must the
country look for a supply of that article to meet the demand ?
An elector—To the East Indies take off the 10s. per cwt.
duty. The country might look to Cuba. in the Brazils for a
supply, where the trade in Slaves was carried on, and
that would be the means of encouraging the slave trade.
He was willing to consider the subject of the reduction of
duty on the East India sugar, but he was not in favour
of the immediate extinction of slivery.—(Hisses.)
Another question of importance to the community to
which it was his duty to allude, was the Corn
Laws. He was in favyur of a modification, but
as many contracts had been made on the faith of
those laws, he thought that some allowance should
be made to the agriculturists. The British corn-grower
could not produce his corn so cheap as upon the continent,
and it was his opinion that there should be some fixed
duty, anti not give advantage to traders in corn by sudden
fluctuations. Upon the hank question he would not ex-
press a decided opinion ; but he thought, with respect to
the payment of dividends, that if the Government was to
pay off the Bank Charter, the Bank, from the respectabi-
lity of the persons connected with it, would still enjoy the
confidence of the people; but as the Bank question was
tom before Parliament, he should not be more explicit.—
Mr. Hope then alluded to the part he had taken in the
Factory Bill lately before the House of Commons, and
said that he had done so because he thought that the prin-
ciples of the Bill were not conducive to the interests of the
%corking classes, and he was more convinced that it was
not, from the recent conversations with many of the la-
bouring class.—(Cheers and hisses.) Mr. Hope con-
cluded a long address amidst cheers, groans, and hisses ;
and having stated that lie was there ready to give expla.
nations, or answer any questions that might be put to
him.--(Cheers.)
GEORGE HADFIELD, Esq., a Reformer, rose for that
purpose, amidst deafening cheers from the majority in the
room, and hisses from the Tories, and proceeded to inter-
rogate the young candidate as follows :
Mr. HADFIELD--You say that you will give no pledges,
Mr. Hope; is this so?

Mr. florE—lt Sir-; I will give no p'edge, but my
own honour and conscience.

Mr. HADFIEI,D—Then you mean to imply that you will
pledge your honour and conscience to nothing ?—(Hisses,
and great cheers.) Have you not, Mr. Hope, in your
place in Parliament voted against the Reform Bill ?
Mr. HOPE-On that subject I did not refrain from ex-
pressing my opinion, but to the uniformity you speak of
there have been exceptions, one of which was to give Mem-
bers to Manchester.

Mr. HADFIELD—Did you not vote against tile second
reading of the Reform Bill ?-7.(Hear.)

Mr. [lore—ln the second Parliament I did vote against
the B.ll.—(Great hisses, with a few faint cheers.)
Mr. HADFIELD-Wlll you support his Majesty's Minis-
ters in carrying the Reform Bill into effect, and abolishing
places and pensions ?
Mr. HOPE—In those questions of retrenchment I must
exercise my own judgment.
Mr. HADFIELD—WiII you state those questions in
which you should exercise your own judgment?—(Cheers.)
Mr. HOPE--Really, Sir, you give me more credit for
ingenuity and foresight than 1 possess. I cannot say what
I should do until the questions came before me in the
[louse.—(Cheers from the Tories.)
Mr. HADFIELD-Will you support such pensions as
Mrs. Arhuthnot's?—(Cheers and laughter.)
classcets o.
Mr. HADFIELD)
which
Mr. Hors said that he should decline answering any
si
8
questions affecting individuals.—(Hisses
yon
ua ls (e ehe s
the
and cheers.
the lady belongs—has she not an unmerited pension ?
Mr. Hors—l will certainly pledge myself against un •
merited pensions.
Mr. 11,surIELD—Are you not prepared to advocate the
disconnection between Church and State?

Mr. HorE—As a member of the Church of England,
and an admirer of its principles and purity—( A laugh)--
I shall support the Church, thow,h I say nothing of the
rank it should be placed in with relation to other religions
Mr. HADFIELD—WiII you vote for the abolition of
tithes ?

Mr. Horg—l will not vote for the appropriation o
Church property to other purposes ; but as to the mode o
collecting tithes, I will vote for some abolition.

Mr. IIAnFIELD—A re you prepared to vute, that Dis-
senters be relieved from the burdens of the Established
Church?

Mr. HOPE—Those burdens are established by law; they
are imposed upon land.
Mr. HADFIELD— No ; they are church rates impcsed
upon people who disagree with the tenets of the church.
Mr. Hors—Then, Sir, I am not prepared to vote against

church rates, on the same principle that I uphold the
Eoablished Church.—(Loud groans.)
Mr. HADFIELD—The Dissenters pay for their own
wo, ship.
Mr. 1-loPE—But the benefits of the church are open
to them —(A laugh.) _ .

Mr. HADFIELD-As no man can be ignorant of the
gne•tion which involves the revolting traffic in human
flesh, will you not pledge yourself to promote the imme-
diate abolition of slavery ?
Mr. Hore—l will not pledge myself to that, hut in
return, I ask you, Sir, what you can propose con-
comitant to the immediate abolition of slavery ?
Mr HADFIELD—Prompt and immediate—
A Song—" Robbery."
Mr. HADFIELD finished his sent.nce amidst such a tre-
mendous uproar that it was impossible to hear him.
Mr. PRENTICE, the Editor of the Manchester Times,
remarked that Mr. Hope could not hear Mr. Hadfield's
reply in consequence of the disturbance made by his
bred supporters ; which observation was resented by Mr.
Thomas Scrohe and Mr. Radford, who called Mr. Pren•
tire a impudent scoundrel, and had it not been for
interference, an affray, ending perhaps with broken heads,
might have been the consequence.
Mr. HADFIELD asked Mr. Hope several other questions,
touching his qualification to represent so important a town
as Manchester in Rirliament, which not being answered
to the satisfaction of the interrogator, nor to the majority
of the meeting,
Mr. HADFIELD moved, that from the answers Mr.
Hope had given to questions put to him, he had proved
himself an unfit representative for Manchester.—(Loud
cheers and great uproar.)
EDWARD BAXTER, Esq., rose to second the motion,
when

Mr. WANKr.vx, the boroughreeve of Salford, said that
Mr. Baxter could not come to that meeting to second a
motion, because there was no Chairman to take cogni-
zmce of it.

Mr. BAXTER said that he did not come to the meeting
to he catechised by Mr. Wanklyn, and was proceeding
to second the motion, when

Mr. PRENTICE requested that he might be all owed to
put a few questions to the candidate prior t the motion
being seconded.
Mr. BAGSTER coincided, but insisted upon subsequently
pressing the motion.
Mr. PRENTICE then asked Mr. Hope how much
be thought the fixed duty on corn ought to be.
Mr. Hors said that the amount of duty would be fixed
by Parliament, and declined to give his opinion.
Mr. PRENTICE then inquired it there should be an un-
due influence of the rich over the poor at the election,
whether he would vote for the interest of the electors by
conceding to them the vote by ballot ?
Mr. HOPE emphatically declared that he would not.—
(Groans and cheers.) Mr. Hope declined, in answer to
Mr. Prentice, to pledge himself to the repeal of the Sep-
tennial Act, to concede the right of voting in local affairs
to every tax payer, or vote that no new commissions be
issued whilst there were so many half-pay officers, that
fixed salaries and fees of office be abolished, which elicited
great disapprobation.
Mr. PRENTICE then inquired whether he would vote for
a further extension of suffrage.
Mr. HOPE said that when his Majesty's Government
had declared the measure of Reform to be a final one, he
was surprised to bear the question put.
Mr. PRENTICE-Were you prepared, on Earl Grey
going out of office, to support the Wellington Ad-
ministration ? _ _

Mr. HOPE—If the Duke had accepted office, I am pre-
pared to say, that if I had supported him it would have
been on condition that he supported the Reform Bill.

Mr. PRENTICE-The Bill as it stands now.
Mr. HOPE—As the Duke would have framed it.—.
(Some cheers, but loud groans.)
An Elector rose and inquired whether he would vote
fur the abolition of flogging in the army ; but at this time
Mr. George Hadfield pressed his motion, and Mr. Rater
rose to second it, which the Tories_ perceiving, they im-
mediately cried out adpurn, and the new candidate and
his supporters went off at the side door in a twinkling,
leaving the room full of electors, and Mr. Baxter on his
legs seconding the motion.
Cries of appoint a Chairman now rang through the
room, and Mr. Richard Potter, the candidate for the bo-
rough of Wigan, was appointed to the chair.
The CHAIRMAN then asked the meeting whether it w t.
probable that the people of Manchester would return Mr.
Hopei after what they had just heard from his lips ?—for
by sending such a man as Mr. Hope they were making
the Reform Rill a dead letter.—(Cries of no Hope.)
GEORGE FUMED, E'q then moved, that after the
sentiments exprrs,ed by Mr. Hope, the meeting deem
him an unfit person to represent the borough of Man-
chester.

EDWARD BAXTER, Esq., rose, and seconded the reso-
lution, and expressed the indign ition which he felt at the
thee knot of Conservatives bringing from London an
inexperienced youth to be their representative. The thin::
was monstrous.—as if there were not two gentlemen in
their own neight,ourhood, intimately connected with the
interests of the town, fit per-ono to represent them. What
would the nation say to the people of Manchester, for
sending such a gentleman as the one who had addressed
them? In the whole of his address he had left himsel,
loopholes to creep out at, and opportunities to stifle th,
Bill.—(Cries of "No hope fur him, no hope for him—
he's nothing but a school-hey.")
Mr. PRENTICE said, that Mr. Hope had behaved better
than Mr. Lloyd, the banker—he had given them opportu-
nities of cross-questioning him, and so learning his real
sent ments.

Mr. Porrcit said, that no reflections should be ca%l
upon Mr. Hope, but upon the persons who had adviseii
him to come forward.

The CHAIRMAN then put Mr. Hadfield's motion, which
was carried by a forest of bands being shown.

The meeting thi,n separated, having previously given
three cheers for Mr. Mark Phillips, the Whig candidate
for Manchester.

A CURIOUS MISUNDERSTANDING ON THE
PART OF A TORY EXPECTANT.-(From a Correspondent.)
—During- Lord NucENT'S absence from the House of Com-
mons on Tuesday night, Mr. CHARLES Ross, a gentleman
will known as one of the whippers-in of the Opposition,
threatened a motion on the subject of that Noble Lord's
quadfication to sit and vote as Member for Aylesbury,
stating that a conversation had taken pl,ce between that
Noble Lord and himself, in which Lord NUGENT had given
him an impression that he had vacated his seat in tht,
house of Commons, by his acceptance of the office of Lord
High Commissioner of the lonian Islands. Lord NucENT
put a question to Mr. Ross last night, as to what passed
in conversation between them to warrant such an assump-
tion, to which Mr. Ross answered that it was a short dia-
logue, which had, however, left the impression which he
had stated ; but that, if it was a misunderstanding, he
apologized for it to the Noble Lord. Lord NUGENT said
that it certainly was a short conversation ; so short that
he, Lord NUGENT, remembered every word of it, which,
as it was a matter affecting the privileges of the House, he
would repeat. That the Hon. Member had asked him
whether he, Lord NUGENT, Was yet appointed Lord High
Commissioner, to which his answer was, " Decidedly
not." That he then asked him whether he, Lord No-
GENT, considered himself at liberty to vote in the hous,
that night, to which his answer was, "Assuredly." Times

We hear that Mr. HANNING, one of the
most considerable of the resident land-owners of Soiner-
setshire, is about to convene a meeting of that extensive
county, for the purpose of considering a plan for the com-
mutation of tithes. He is, we are told, a tithe as well as
land-owner, and some of his nearest connexions are in the
church ; and yet he proposes to take a tenth of the present
rental to be charged on the land in lieu of tithes. Such a
proposition, if seriously made, and made in time, would
without doubt be deemed satisfactory to the country at
large. The sooner this subject is taken into consideration
by the tithe-owners the better; time was when even the
Irish tenantry would have been well content with a general
commutation.

GERMAN OPERA.—\VEIGL'S Schweitzer
Familie was produced last night for the debut of Madame
FisertErt in the character of Emmeline. She is an ener-
getic actress and singer, possessing a voice of unusual
power, though somewhat deficient in melody of tune. Her
performance of the scene in which she is restored to reason
by hearing her native Ranz des Vaches was admirable.
The other characters were creditably supported. The
house was bot thinly attended•
ertgr,iosrnaceeoinnsefqroune consequence coef
DREADFUL ACCIDENT IN SOMERSET-
ROUSE.—This morning.
naoelf, about
eo
not effint
office
o'clock, ,t
tothleiteapkgaeer.naaatpsl
ee,stiineseee;
engaged in the navy-office, Somerset-house, were thrown
Joust SMITH, employed on the establishment, havin,,
into
nttcihonenof,uvthsi
hnia(eiddoot,
been precipitated Irons the roof of the immense pile, and
killed on the spot. The unfortunate man, who is one t I
ttt
ohh
the building
f ablbookbinders,
ipi
dais
through a telescope up and down the river. He was seen '
bone
nelOiOn fieeist,
skin
nd wbeaisngfo"unldoled.ashTedh:ob,a,dtyninws
into the office to await a Coroner's inquest. scTarhceelydea.
ceased was a young man, and has left a wido'ssas, andre removed
children. tohfe ariviela,na
hneailgnhuti
