TIDO: SUN LONliog, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 18:16,

vil`CE.*; OF SI'OCKS ".1111-S li ' •11. VC' Q‘.K.
• . - .. - A Y,A1,,0. : „ I. ,-• ,
n ..ak stork ...
... r., --t— 1 : adia 5t0r,11....
3 :ier Cent 14.1. , " • I •"'' P .4
4 ii pni,
••. ...... . -•:, •-- , i,:t ~., ...0n...s .
3 z•er..Cerg Ceoi :7'
. '4ll, % , South ,ea S!oek
v, pt',: Cent — i Old Annuities ...
Ditto ',Zed -
New 3!-;• per Cent ,00!. ,i . 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
N1..,A, n per Cent ---' Exch. Bills, £1,411.1 l9 21 pm.
l'aak long A i muith sto cNpire 1 Ditto 500 .-... 11121 pm.
1 ,
Jan 5, !qi;!) .. '". —— , 4VIO. Ynnll ...„„,,
•,„„ ;. 1,!!"1 pm.
Ot 1,4 I.c.'V.'P •, . ••• • ",! . ---! DAtb iaiiiiiiintlai ... ....... z.l PAL
.1:1'.1 5, l;,-a- lti% 3..16 Ditto Advertised - rig•
.11n. 5, 1-ii..li — , Bank Stockithr A ccoml.. ........
.-_--
April 5, I -;:-1t, , . ~.
Jan. 5, Iti7. — Consols for Acconnt :il ... ~.., ... 91,,%
jinnium

fin

fait 01'
%11-v•rianfloe l 9

COURSE OF EXCHie
Amsterdam C.F 6!<:,
_

Ditto, at sight
ltititn.lain 0 U l2 6
Antwerp lo 11
Flatill'urg M.B. 13 1412'
Altona
.. . . . 13 14.2

Paris, 3 days' sight 25 70
Ditto .....................2 Us 2.5 95
Bordeaux .
Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M 151%
Petersbuigh, ruble 1 Us. 10 0
Berlin - 7 3

Vienna, effective 11 2 M. 10 13
Triest^ ditto lO 13

Hadrid 17
Cain 7 97
Barcelona 06.14
Seville 041.34
Gibraltar

nucEs OF WISH STD(
3 per Cent. Consols 9l
Ditto Reduced -
3'.4 per Cent. Stock 99
Ditto New, 1830
314 per Cent. Debentures 9 l %
Bank Stock 207

Royal Canal Stock :34;34
Grand Canal Stock 2:3%

LNGE YESTERDAY.
Leghorn
Genoa 9.5 a-)
Milan 31
Venice

Vaplcs
Palermo

lA:bon

,per oz. 122,

.........

Oporto
Rio Janeiro siiiii
eili!,
Bahia
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight 1,,,)
Cork I%

PRICE OF BULLION, PER OZ.
Portugal Gokl, coin £0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons
New Dollars
Silver, bars, standard 0 5 04,

KS, DUBLIN, MARCH 10.
Grand Canal Deb. 6 per cent B7R,
Ditto, 4 per cent 5844
Hibernian Bank
._ .._

City of Dublin Steam Co.
-
National Insurance Co -
City Debentures, 4 per cent -
Ballast Office Debentures, 4
per cent. -

MGR NV ATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
M0rning......... 2:ninutes after II I Etc ...... mintres after I

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.

THIS EVENING will be performed the New Grand Opera of
THE SIEGE OF ROCHELLE.

Count de ltosembcrg, Mr. Seguin; Marquisde Valmour, Mr. Templeton ;
Montalban, Mr. Giubelei ; Michel, Mr. H. Phillips.
Clara, Miss SliirrefF; Marcella, Miss F. Healy.
To conclude with—CHEVY CHASE.

Henry Percy, Mr. Cooper; Hermit of Warkworth, Mr. Warde;
Simon Wardlaw, Mr. Harley.

Lady Neville, Miss Forde; Lady Douglas, Mrs. Vining; Maud, Mrs.
Humby ; Alice, Miss Lee.
• Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.
The Box .office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
Boxes, is. ; Second Price, 3s. 6d.—Pit, 3s. 6d. ; Second Price, 2s.
Gallery, 25.; Second Price, Is.—Upper Gallery, Is.; Second Price, 6d.

Price ss. 6d., 18mo., handsomely bound in roan, with gilt leaves,
THE BOOK OF COMMON PRAYER,
WITH SHORT EXPLANATORY NOTES,

By the Bev. G. VALPY,
Late Fellow of King's College, Cambridge.
ADVANTAGES OF THIS EDITION.

1. It is printed in a clear ands
large type, and is not beyond
the pocket size.
2. The answers are more gene-
rally distinguished by ita-
lics.

5. A reference to all such pas-
sages of Scripture as are con-
tained in the Book of Common
Prayer; so that, during the
reading of the Second Lesson,
the want of a Bible in Church

3. All obsolete and difficult words
are briefly explained under the
text.

is partially supplied.
5. Brief explanations are given of
all the Fast and Feast days in

the year.
7. Observations on the AIM hod and
Plans of our Forms of Prayer.
:based at Mr. Valpy's, Red Lion-
rinted ; and of all Booksellers in
also had bound in morocco, or in

4. An explanation is given oil
the character and object ofi
each Psalm.
This Prayer Book may be purcl
court, where it is published and p
Town and Country. It may be a
any fancy binding, at various price

HAMBURG, FEBRUARY 24, 1836.
THIS DAY, being the FOURTH DAY of
DRAWING of the -SIXTY-SEVENTII HAMBURG
GREAT LOTTERY, No. 1,126, say One Thousand One
Hundred and Twenty-six, obtained the First drawn Prize of
Baneomarks One Thousand, and the Premium of Baneomarks
100,000 net.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 5 minutes past Three o' Clock.

, ,„4-1,,,.., ---z4l
-c-3 - "1 0.:1-.4_:-.:5L 4
,
(---d- ' .41-4:54 iie,,#,-.----,:- 1..
: ::. 27- , •-W ..:' A,ti
2-';,,- 1,- , '"'N..- 14 t‘y.•

~.:~ f~~
~~~,

fiZiu

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MARCH 12, 1836.

The Army Estimates were brought forward last
night in the House of Commons, on which occasion
Sir WILLIAM MOLESWORTII moved an amendment
to the effecl, that the Foot-Guards be placed on the
same footing as infantry of .the line ; observing, in
support of his amendment, that the superior privileges
bestowed. on these favoured, aristocratic regiments,
occasioned much jealousy among the troops, of the
line ; which, however, Sir HENRY HARDINGE .de-
nied ; at the same time remarking, that the Foot-
Guards had seen as much service, and distinguished
themselves as highly as any other regiments, having
been " found first and foremost in danger. in.
the Peninsula, at Talavera and elsewhere, and in
the last battle of the war at Waterloo, having
• made a most glorious defence at HougOuniunt.".
Without presuming in the slightest degree to impugn
the skill, or bravery, or discipline of the Foot-Guards,
who, we are firmly persuaded, deserve all -thee praise
that the Right Hon. Baronet bestowed on them, we
may still be permitted to question the propriety of a
system, which confers on them privileges unknown to
the rest of the army. Granting that all our infantry
regiments are on a par as respects military ability,
why should one be left to " wither in the cold
shade of AristocraCy," and another be allowed to
bask in its broad meridian sun-shine ? Such a sys-
tem of favouritism, whatever Sir H. HARDINGE
may assert to the contrary, cannot but occasion
jealousies, which it should be
aamdoilligottlheessfisrostfoobrjet;
of Government to remove. Sir W. MOLESWORTII
deserves the thanks of all Reformers, for havinr,
brought this question forward ; n
candid avowal of his connection with that able and
liberal periodical, the London Review, which has
already done good service to the cause of Reform and,
bids fair to do much more. When so many of our
youne•, men of rank and fortune waste the most vain-
able years of their lives on the turf, or at the gaming_
table, it is gratifying to see one of the number devo.
ting his time and attention to enlighten the minds of
the people, on all the leading political topics of the day.

The Carlow Election Committee have at length
terminated their inquiry, and the result is just suchas,
it may be remembered, we anticipated from the first.
The Report, after alluding to the famous letter respect-
ing the two thousand pounds, states that the Com-
mittee, " upon a very careful investigation of what had
previously taken place between Mr. RAPHAEL, Mr.
TYRRELL, Mr. VIGORS, and others of the county of
Carlow, feel bound to add, that it was proved to their
satisfaction that Mr. O'CONNELL had acted on 'this
occasion at the express desire of Mi. RAPHAEL, and
was only the medium of communication between Mr.
VIGORS and others in the county of Carlow and Mr.
RAPHAEL. It appears that the money was paid to
ombeuttit i
t it was called
e discount
Mr. O'CONNELL'S general account, at his banker's in
London ; but was repaid the
for, some part of it in bills,
was allowed, and therefore the Committee are of opi-
nion that no charge of a pecuniary character can be
attached to Mr. O'CONNELL. It appears also that

e'stictided ,under thd ditettion cd
Mr. Vicriiis and others-in the county o Carlow, aiid
the Committee see no reason to question the legality
of the manner in which it was expended." Mr.
RIDLEY COLBORNE, who, as Chairman of the Coin-
mittee, Stated these circumstances last night in the
house of Coma-tons, further added, that " the Re-
port was founded on the unanimous opinion of the
Committee, and that unanimity was not attended with
any sacrifice of principle or compromise of opinion,
but was the result of a full and fair consideration of
the subject." Nothing can be more honourable. to the
Committee, or satisfactory to Mr. O'CONNELL, than
this " unanimous" decision, which at once disposes
of all the charges that the Tories have been
heaping up against the Honourable and Learned
Member for _months past. We " calculate"—as
JONATHAN would say-that these men will be some-
what shy of calumniating him in future. It is dangerous
for children to play with edged tools, and DANIEL iS
a sharp blade not to be handled by the Tories with
impunity. We -take for granted that as the Times
was among the foremost to insist on a Parliamentary
investigatiOn—of course with the view of enabling Mr.
O'CONNELL to set himself right in the eyes of the
public—our considerate Contemporary will not be among
the last to congratulate him on his triumphant ac-
quittal. As for poor Mr. Ex-Sheriff, the less said
about him the better. It would be cruel to expatiate
on the peculiarities of his position, seeing that he has
lost-Ist, his election-2dly, his 2,000/.,-3dly, his
Baronetcy—and fourthly, what little reputation for sa-
gacity he had to lose. However, despite these mani-
fold afflictions, he has still the consolation of reflect-
ing that virtue is its own reward—a consolation which
we devoutly hope will cheer him in the domestic re-
tirement for which his genius best qualifies him.

It will be seen by our Parliamentary Report that the
second reading of the Bill for the better administration
of justice in the West Indies, met with no opposition
in the Upper House last night. This bespeaks a less
factious spirit on the part of several of their Lordships
than we were prepared to expect. We certainly had
anticipated an harangue from some sapient Peer,
denouncing as stranglers of the Constitution all
Members of either House, who should dare to violate
the sanctity of our Colonial system of judicature.
But, greatly to our surprise and, we may add, to our
satisfaction, there was not a voice raised against Lord
GLENELG's highly important measure of judicial
Reform. To purify the sources of justice in our
Colonies is an undertaking worthy of a wise Minister
and a great nation. The Bill now before the House
of Lords is well calculated to effect the object contem-
plated by the Noble Colonial Secretary.

The public will have sincere pleasure in learning
that our Most Gracious SOVEREIGN has patronized
a plan for the construction of a harbour at Tre-
moutha Haven, in the Bristol Channel, which, when
completed, will be of immense importance in diminish-
ing the risks to which all vessels are exposed in sailing
round the headlands, to enter the English Channel.
from the Irish Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. To carry
this great undertaking into full effect, a Company has
been established, which proposes the erection of a
town contiguous to the harbour, and likewise the
construction of a railway to Launceston ; from whence
it may be easily extended in separate branches to Ply-
mouth and Exeter. A Bill for the incorporation of
this Company, which includes among its promoters
persons of the highest rank in the country, will shortly
be submitted to Parliament. So great and perma-
nently useful an undertaking deserves every encourage-
ment.

New York papers to the 20th of February, in-
clusive, have been received. They state that on the
10th an insurrection of the slaves took place at Nash-
ville and Tenessee ; and that on the first outbreak the
Planters' and Union Banks of Tenessee were both
set on fire, and the latter utterly destroyed. The in-
habitants were in a dreadful state of alarm and
anxiety. The result was not known when the Gla-
diator, the vessel in which these journals were dis-
patched for England, left the harbour of New York.
On the morning of the 18th a fire broke out in
Mulberry-street, New York, in an establishment be-
longing to the Methodist Tract Societies of that city.'
The loss is estimated at two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars. The insurance upon the building was
only ten thousand dollars.
A Bill has passed the Chamber of Representatives,
which enacts that the Bank shall make the following
subscriptions to the stock of the following Railway
Companies :--.

Dollars.
Baltimore and Ohio Rail-road • 200,000
Williamsport and Elmira Rail-road
Cumberland Valley Rail-road
By the Bth section subscriptions are required to be made to
various Turnpike Companies to the amount of 139,000 dollars.
The Sth section provides that the charter shall be forfeited,
if the Bank shall abuse or misuse the privileges or power
hereby conferred on it.

The following are extracts from the Papers :
CENTRAL AMERlCA.—Advices have been received from
Guatemala to the 29th December last by the brig Mary Ann,
which state that the surrounding country was in a very
troubled state.
The President Morazan, as the head of the popnlar party,
was exercising a power unlimited, but by his own discretion,
over the inhabitants of Guatemala; and it appears that the
system of persecution he had followed had increased the oppo-
sition to his arbitrary administration.
Fresh disturbances bad broken out at San Salvador in the
month of November, but at the latest dates order was restored.
Espinosa and many other public officers and citizens were ex-
pelled from the country, some of whom bad arrived at Balize.
A dreadful revolution had just exploded at Costarica, the
only corner of the whole South American Continent in which
the evils of civil war had been hitherto unknown, but we are
not told in what this revolutionary movement originated ; vve
merely know that preparations were making at the scat of the
General Government to send a military force against the
parties to it.

D
tißne ACCIDENT
Rail
-road,
.o)
abouta 3t 101eixf
feet from
o'clock, while
atwlthilelAyi
lßeoeLli; EtktrhNvalienl RiemeeA,
:lonLa-n,nlvatoeirr: .gee De.
nt
Harlema
workYs
sc os
f
rock, of about 25 tons, became detached from the roof, and by
its fall five men were instantly killed, . viz •—James Bulger,
Stephen Cody, and Michael Boran, Datives of Ireland, James
Johnson, native of England, and James Armstrong, native of
• Scotland, late teacher of the public school at Yorkville. Ed-
ward Roberts was severely injured, but hopes are entertained
of his recovery. Mr. John Rutter the superintendent of the
work, was standing near Mr. Armstrong at the time, and nar-
rowly escaped, his feet having been caught by the falling rock,
and he was unable to extricate himself until some of the rock
was removed ; his injuries, however, were but slight.
THE " SOMNAMBULIST," IN PHILADELPHIA.—It appears
from the Newspapers, that Mrs. Wood has been disturbing
the repose of the Philadelphians by her performance in the
above Opera. }ler triumph over their habitual apathy to
stage affairs has been so complete, that they have actually
of
as a
tpop
ca
ou
nd ding t h
thee r
he
ifft
ho re trst,o aunndp
unpardonable
otnwa• ob
ei n sotffa
;Lees
but those gentleman have not yet seen the Opera of The
obwfeeelentncgsoouriilnftagyr her songs. No doubt it was all very enchanting,
Somnambulist in the full blow of its excellence—to do so,
a visit to New York will be requisite. They must witness
its performance at the Park Theatre, with its ample chorus
and well-trained orchestra, to judge correctly of its merits.
In April next the Woods will be here, and we especially
invite the musical amateurs of Philadelphia to charter half a
dozen steam-boats, and a reasonable number of railway cars,
to bring them on, that they may witness how Operas ought
to be, and can be performed in Gotham.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Thursday have
been received. The following official bulletin appeared
in the Journal de Paris of Wednesday evening :
" A telegraphic dispatch from Narbonne, dated Bth inst.,
announces that 4,000 Carlists, who were proceeding for Puy..
cerda, in place of attacking that town, had, on the 7th inst.,
directed their march against Ripoll. The Journals of -the
6th state, that Mina was still at Barcelona. His Aide-de-
Camp ( Cardero) had been elected Deputy for Malaga, in
which city, it is said, some troubles have occurred. Intelli-
gence received from Valencia, dated the 3d inst., states that
200 insurgents were at Beceite. Their Chief ( Cabrera) had
compelled the smaller bands to join him. In New Castile,
Ciudad Real was attacked on the 28th ult., by a considerable
body of the enemy. The Catalonian bands intercept the com-
munication on all sides."
We would almost venture to assert that there is not
a syllable of truth in this communication. The Jour-
nal de Paris is notorious for its fabricated intelligence;
and even so recently as Sunday last it published what
it pretended was a telegraphic dispatch from Bayonne,
the falsehood of which was not discovered before its
ruinous effect was experienced on the Stock Exchange.
Various causes arc assigned for the readiness with
which several of the French Ministerial Journals give
insertion to every rumour which magnifies the success
of the Carlists. Many suppose that the KING is per-
,nally inclined to favour Don CA.RLOS ; others that

the leading journals have been bought over by the
Coio, riginitS ; Bat the greater number are of opinion
that M. litmus is• pricy to these fabrications,
which intends to plead in justification of active
intervention on the part of France. The last
of these suppositions is by , much the more
probable. We know ourselves that M. TIIIERS is
extremely anxious to put down the rebellion in Spain
by means of a French army ; and we cannot forget,
that since his accession to the Presidency of the
Council, the Press has spoke❑ much more ominously
of the QUEEN'S cause than it did previously. These
things do not occur without a deep meaning.
On Wednesday the Chamber of Deputies was en-
gaged in discussing two Ministerial demands, in the
shape of projects of law—time one for an additional
grant of 1,200,000 francs for the Secret Service Fund,
and the other for- a grant of 55,000 francs to defray
the expense of the Archbishop of BORDEAUX'S
ele-
vation to the dignity of a Cardinal. . .

PARIS, MARCH 10.-The National has a private letter from
Frankfort, dated March 5, which should seem to prove that
the allied powers have already turned to account the conspi-
racy reported in some- German papers.
It is confirmed that serious excesses have taken place in the
territory of Cracow, and that blood has been spilt. About
twenty persons included in the number of those who were to
be transported to America, attempted to escape into the adja-
cent province belonging to Prussia and Austria, doubtless in
order to find their way to France. These unfortunate indivi-
duals who were without, were surrounded, and several of them
were severely wounded.
Some hundred persons, -sho were forced to leave the terri-
tory of Cracow, have already set out from Podgorzo, under
Austrian escort, to proceed to Trieste. Since the invading
corps has accomplished its design, it is nevertheless receiving
daily reinforcements. Besides the city of Cracow, fifteen
other places are occupied by the Austrians, Prussians, and
Russians. The Tete du Pont of the Vistula is being fortified.
After having violated the treaty of Vienna, in that part
which relates to the independence and neutrality of Cracow,
the internal constitution of the country has been also violated.
By unworthy treatment, the President of the Senate has been
compelled to resign, and is succeeded by a stranger who is not
elected by the free choice of the representatives, as the Con-
stitution requires.
The Priest Delacollonge has appealed to the Court of Cas-
sation.

A letter from Chateauroax, dated March 5, says—Yester-
day evening, at six o'clock, Countess Bertrand died at her
scat of Laleux, near Chateauroax, after a long and painful
illness, which she supported with the firmness manifested at
St. Helena by the heroic companion of the last friend of Na-
poleon.—Messager, March 16.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, Mallen 10.
Five per Cents., 107 f. 65c 55c. 6Ue.
• Four per Cents., 102 f.
Three per Cents. 80f. SOe. 81f.
Bank Actions, 2,165 f.
Heine de Naples, 100 f. 10e. sc. ICc.
Roman Five per Cents., 1tf..”4%.
Spanish Actives, 4314 %
Spanish Differes, 21 20%.
Spanish Passives, 13% 14.
Royal Spanish Loan, ;!4.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 763(
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents, 48 471.. i.
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 56f. 50c.
tlaytian Loan, 395 f. 390 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONHON.
One month, paper, 25f. 4756 c. ; money, —1 —C.
Three months, paper, 25r. 3214 c. ; money, 25f. 321/4c.

_
—tours Audiewliauie.
BOURSE, THREE O'CLOCK.—Another total blank day has
passed off at the Bourse. The Rentes opened at 81f. sc. ;
they have been, for a moment, at 81f. 10c., but went back to
81f. 5c., buyers. No business has been done. The Spanish
Actives have varied between 43i and 43i ; Passives, 13i to 14.
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 107 f. 80c. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. 15c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, —; Gueb-
bards,: —; Differes, 164; New Loan, —; Actives, 431 ;
Passives, 14 ; Ducats, 100 35 ; Romans, 1038-; Pedros, 47i ;
Belgians, Dutch, 56f. 50c. ; Haytians, —f. —c. ;
Miguels, 183-; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 141-; Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, 201; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, 34.

• We understand that a great number of petitions for
the repeal of the Stamp duty on Newspapers, are in
the hands of Members of Parliament ; and that "their
presentation has hitherto been prevented in consequence
of the pressure of private Parliamentary business. If
the information we have received upon this subject
be correct ; we owe it to ourselves and the country to
call upon the gentlemen to whom such petitions have
been entrusted, to present them on Monday next. The
CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEQUER is personally no
stranger to the opinion of the country respecting the
baneful influence of this pernicious impost ; but
it ought to be remembered that his convic-
tions will. not justify any gentleman _in with-
holding a petition which may influence the decision of
other Membars of the Legislature. In most of the
petitions referred to the total repeal of the Stamp duty
is prayed for ; but as such a measure may be inconve-
nient in the first ifistance, we shall be perfectly satisfied
with a reduction.

SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)
•
(FROM LLOYD'S.)
DEAL, MARCH 11.—Wind W. S. W.—Arrived the Trinidad
packet, Griffiths, from Demerara ; and Royal Eagle, Allen,
from Waterford. Arrived from the River the Duke of Cla-
rence, Waterhouse, for Jamaica; Pomona, Morison, for New
York ; Sea Bird, Crutchfield, for Vera Cruz; Zion, Ducker, for
Trieste ; Howard, N'Crrighton, for Cadiz ; and Candidate, Mor-
timer, for Bahia ; and remain with the outward bound, as per
last. The Zephyr, Spier, for Exeter, has proceeded.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 11.—. Wind S. W. to W., blowing
hard.—Arrived the Gladiator, Brillen, from New York.
PLYMOUTH, MARCH 19.—Wind S. S. W.—Sailed the John
M'Lellan, M'Donald, for Bombay ; and his Majesty's ship
Harpy, for the Cape of Good Hope.
MARGATE, MARCH 11.—Arrived off the Fanny, St. Michael's.
DOVER, MARCH 11.—Arrived off port the Macassar, Papper,
from Batavia.
COWES, MARCH 11.—Arrived the Venus, Windhurst, from
Angostura._
DARTMOUTH,. MARCH 11.—Arrived off—the Hamilton,
Johnston, from Demerara.
BRISTOL, MARCH 11.—Arrived N. S. Dolores, Montrata,
from Seville.
LIVERPOOL, MARCH 11.—Arrived the Faithful, Savannah.
CLYDE, MARCH 10.—Arrived the Pan, from New Orleans.
FALMOUTH, MARCH 10.— Wind W. N. W. to S. S. W.,
fresh breezes and squally.

The Salamander, of Blythe, has arrived in Lowestoffe-
roads with considerable damage, having been on shore and as-
sisted off, after throwing part of the cargo overboard.
The \Vilna, Brown, to Salscombe, has put back to Shields,
after having been on shore and assisted off; discharged part of
the cargo.
The Cupid, Stevens, from Newry to New York, is wrecked
on Long Island—crew and passengers saved.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

C/ 7' Y, 7' I VELVE O'CLOCK.

The only arrival we have this morning is the French mail—
the Hamburg. is due. We have ship letters from Demerara,
Buenos Ayres, and New York.
Montreal papers to Feb. 14, and Quebec to Feb. 12, have
been received at the North and South American Coffee-house.

The Quebec papers state from Halifax, that Sir Colin
Campbell opened the Nova Scotia Legislature on the 21st
ult. ; but there was nothing new in the speech. It mentions
that the productions of trade and agriculture arc abundant.
Advices from ,St. John's, Newfoundland, state that the small-
pox was making great ravages there, and upwards of 2,000
cases had occurred.

The Upper Canada Papers to Feb. 3, give the answer of
the House to Sir Francis Head's speech, and his reply. The
Report of the Committee declared that a second speech in one
Session had no precedent in the English Parliament.

THE FUNDS.

Consols opened this morning at the leaving off prices of yes-
terday, 914 i for the Account, and 614 Money. Exchequer
Bills 18 20 ; India Bonds 4 6.

In the Foreign Market, Spanish Actives are 4341 ; Passive
143 14 ' • Deferred 21i; Columbian 304 ; Mexican 33 34 ;
Dutch 24-per Cents., 564; Portuguese 771 784.
HALF-PAST ONE.
Demerara Papers to the Bth of February, received at Liver-
pool, bring the Speech of the Lieut.-Governor, Sir James
Carmichael Smith, at the opening of the Court of Policy on
the 26th of January, and the answer of the Court after taking
the speech into consideration.
The Governor commences his Speech with congratulating
the Court upon the flourishing condition of the Colony ; upon
the happy, tranquil, and industrious state of the labouring ,po-
pulation ; upon the additional quantity of produce manufac-
tured as compared with the years of slavery; upon the improve-
ments everywhere in progress; upon the absence of crime and
the paucity of punishment; and upon the general prosperity of
a settlement, where all interests are equally thriving.
There is no alteration in Consols since the opening
of the market this morning-91/ H for the Account, and
9181 for money ; scarce a bargain doing. Exchequer Bills,
19 21 ; India Bonds, 4 6.

In the Foreign market, Spanish Active, which was heavy
in the morning, has improved to 434 44; Passive, 15 to 151 ;
Deferred, 214 Portuguese, 774 784 ; 3 per Cents., 48+ i ;
Colombian, 30 to 301; Mexican, 33 34 ; Dutch 23- per Cents.,
564 ; 5 per Cents., 1034.
THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for the Account, 914. lc

A curling match was played at Largs on Friday, on
Dr. Carnie's pond, which excited considerable interest. Dr.
Carnie, James. Lang, Esq., Messrs. Robert and Wm. Beith,
of the Thistle Club, challenged any four of the Mountain boys.
The Mountain boys met their opponents 12 shots in a game of
21, and showed throughout the whole course of the game ex-
ceedingly superior play.
BURY ST. tDMUNDS.—NEWSPAPER TAX.—
The petition for the total. repeal of the Stamp Duty upon
Newspapers, has already received upwards of 500 signatures ;
among whom are those of five Aldermen and 11 Councillors.
