DINNER TO MR. BROUURAM AT tiLASGOW.

•
Thursday being the day appointed for the
public dinner for Mr. Brougham, about three o'clock the
Stewards repairea to the Assembly Rooms. About the same time
numbers of spectators began to assemble from all directions.
$y five o'clock the street- in front of the hall was throngvl, to
excess, every " window was tilled, and the tops of the adjoining
Rouses were, crowded with spectators. The people continued
neaczable and in grad spirits, and they repeatedly cheered the
illustrious 'guests on their arrival. -The gentlemen began to
take their seats in the ball about ten minutes before-four, and
in about a quarter of an hour afterwards' the whole wcrc occu-
pied. Those, that remained afterwards were accommodated in
aide room, Witt after dinner joined the comPany at n sideAable.
At half.pastlive the noble Chairman, Lord Archibald Haiti'-
. ton, accompanied by the Duke of Hamilton, Lord.Kinnaird,
Lord Belhaven, Sir John Maxwell, Bart., the Hon. Admiral
leming, and Messrs. Brougham and Deninan,, entered the
Ilan, aid were received with the must enthusiastic cheering.
The Chairman Walt supported on the right by the Duke of
Ilatnilton, lend Kinnaird, and Mr. Denman, and on the left
1:y Mr. Brougham, Lord Belhaven, and the Hon. Admiral
Fleming. , The Croupier, R. A. Oswald, of Auchencruive,
was eupported by A. Spier*, Esq. of Elderslie' A. SPiere,
Air. Kennedy, ;if. P., Air. Maxwell, P. *iv* Esq.,
aad A. J. Hamilton', Esq. of Deleon. In addition to these
there were seated at tour tables in the hall and hi the ante-room
atiout, three hundred and sixty gentlemen.
°iAfter The King," '1 he Duke ,of York And the Army,"
" The Doke of Clarence and the Navy," had been given from
the Chair
Lord Jl:flew tiaLD ant .1..r0x said he had now to give the
hklth of the. Duke of Suisex, which ho was sure would be
drank with Pet ulier pleasure by all preaent, as the Duke had
t•lViatt himseli one of the limiest friends of those liberal
principles which this Meeti o had assembled to commemorate.
—(Three distinct rcounis of applause.) •
The Chairman then 'gave, " The rest of the Royal Family,
and may they never forget the principles that seated them on
.'eßritish !throne."
The next toast 'rile cause of liberty all over the
, . .

The ?Coble Cetettleteer said he had now to propose the
health of .110..Brottglettne the occasion of the present Meeting.
He hut} met with a reception worthy of his character, his fame,
and him principles.--(Applause.)—lt was impossible not to con-
gratulate the.country on the change which has taken place in
public sentiment. This meeting was assembled to congratu. I
late Mr. Brouam on his character ad a professional men and
a Stateeman. 'le was completely at a lois to know to which of
the two citaracters to give a preference:--(Applause.)--'Phis
was a Meeting worthy of such a guest, and he was sure his
Mend would be flattered by the assembly before him. There
was a time wlten it was hardly possible for twenty persona to
meetwithoot being slandered as radicals, ara stigmatised as
enemies to the prosperity of the country. He was happy to see
• et) many men met who had the independence to think for them.
eelyee ; and met to commemorate these principles which he had
lahnurett'for twenty years to establish. Connected and imp.
peru:d as he was wits: a family which might be a guarrantee that
he Was animated with no othe.r, principles, than those of love
.of his country, yet there were a great many both in this
:town and neighbouriMod ••who considered him no-friend to his
country, while opposed to the measures of any administration.
lie was happy that his friend had had well tip opportunity of
witnessing, the effects of his own laboore.--(APplattee.)—He
did nut wish to say much respecting his friend, as he•was pre:
sent. Anything he Could say woeld.be ;more than he wishes,
less that* he deserves. He wee now before this city—and be.
fare Europe, as an independent statesman and lawyer, This
was the groundwork of lila fano,. Ile recalled to their minds a
I,rretkt puttlic prosecutiten, which, for the honour and delicacy of
the country', should never have been brought forward.—(Ap-
plsuee and hear 1):-.-At this time it would be improper to say
any thing more at the prosecution itself. Mr. Brougham stood
.untivalled in ability, zee', and r tirnincee.--(Applause.)— lie
stood pre.eininent as a gentleman, a stateamen, and a lawyer.
At a statesman what -public question had he declined ? is he
had been a witness ha might enumerate some of his exertions
-end talente, and he Might say of that individual, as WM said
of air ancieat, that whatever he does, he does it in a manner us
'if he twee born for • that specific' purpose. Every merchant in
hiSeereat commercial city.'t uul I recollect that he was the first
that showed the intpolicy of the Orders in Council, and when
the menufacturent were in dieteeee he brought witneeeee to the
leer of the Houee of .Coininoite, and made their distreteing
Tkey e 1 knew thy prominent part he took in the
• eet:ert of the agricultural distress-•.-indeed they might run
tee whole round, of every question that comes before the House
of Communs--(otpplamie:) ',Could it then not be laudable to
show their respect and atiiiiiralSon of a primp steadily• advancing
in henour and fame. It was oisetingi like the present which
jiavF value topic exertions and efficay to talents, Their
-applause Omni:tied others to follow in the sante path. Great
minds were, not animated by the love of filthy lucre, or of place
er pension, but they were encouraged and animated by the
countenance and approbation of meetings like this. he con.
',eluded by giving " 3lr.'BrOugliarn."
toast was, received with enthusiastic cheering which
.lasted several minutes. When silence was Teetered,
Mr. 11110 UtltiAm rose, and WAS received 'with loud and
lang.contin tied cheering. When the applause had' subsided,
,he said, that he trusted they would accept of his warmest gra.
titude for the, very handsome reception they had given him.
Ile was almost overpowered with the honour they had done
"?hiM, particularly in the way which they had received the men-
. tion of his name. lie would be still more overpowered if he
thought the honour was conferred upon him from personal
Motives ; but he Wei relieved from this emberrassinent when
"he considered the groat and ilittetrious house to whom he owed
his introduction—a houie loaded with honours in a very end-
-merit degree, who yet regarded its their proudest title their being
;considered ,the. staunch friends of the people.—(Great up.
latuete)—The next cause of his warm reception, was his hav-
. ing 'followed' in the track of 'that great man, Mr. Fox; that
• otatesman, who stood •forth at all times the champion of li-
berty,, and the able advocate of all that was useful for the
rope ; who never lifted hie voice in vain, but When he lifted
it tar 'the rights of the people. lie might next attribute his
,reception to the change which had taken place in public opi-
Pion. it was, indeed, a mighty change—lie might alma say
i. revolution. Upon tide subject he could speak whit eon&
• edenee, as 'he bad been a wiuieas. It was now nearly twenty
years since he had resided for nay time in this country ; and it
was more than fifteen years since ne had remained in it longer
• than a few days at a time. During his present rapid tour he
'lad been highly gratified with the change which had taken
place in the politic sentiment, especially in that which
had occurred in this great and enlightened city, • lie
weil remembered the last public fleeting shish he had
attended in Scotland, it was in 1794. lie did not think there
was more than one individual of tit,: present numerous assent-
' faly who attended. on that occasion. Mr. Gibson would remem.
.ber, and be a voucher of the. circumstance. Ile would be ex.
eused for mentioning bis name ; for a more independent person
and apright Whigetid not exist.- (Applause.)—'she Meeting
in question was upon a subject of the first importance. Its
object was to petition against the Gagging Bills. There were
thousands reesembled on the occasion, and the Meeting was as
}easeful as. it was numerous ; and yet the late henry Erskine
WM deprived of his phtee at the heakl of the law, because lie
presumed to address a Meeting of his fellow-countrymen, who
bed met to remonstrate, as it WAS their right and duty to do,
`against being gagged and tree tett like skives.—(Great applatete.)
.113 mliguld like to Nee-the man who would now attempt any
such perseatetion•ageinet. any individual who was independent
enattgie'.4o uppose bad measures at home, or raise hls voice
tsrps4uirt the vile and tletestaide proceeding* of tyrants abroad.
tleieseeellear, l)—Ile should like now to see tile wretched erea-
usee's who abused petronege, and diegeaved • power—the Mini.
were end the secopliante ut Minieters ; courtiers, end the slave'
bt terartiere lawyers, cod tfL• creatures of buyers ; and all the
other veretehee w ,vAtiiitt by the prostitution of justice—and
the Ministers of the Crown, sided by the Crown inielf, who
.a std de re to hike at either penalty or inhildhiberit for the free
expoeselea of opireou in Scotiand.—(tlicene)— He ithould not
liJco to See any man visited with penalties of any sort for oppos-
ing and branding curt UptiOn. Ile would dare the highest officer
lw to winsper a threat now, similar to that which was
Itigrma in the case of Mr. Ersleitie, a num wlat conferred honour
on tee: profession, but reaped none from it, who was deprived
ej Lie dig
dignity because he had opposed the tyrannical proceed-
ings °idle Government. lie had not undertaken his present
tour merely to see the beautiful anti romantic country ; it was
not to see the hills and tufted battlements, for thew were ad
strikittg three hundred years ago, when they were the dens of
freebootere, anti, what WAS more, were thA property of petty
tyrants who formed A pretty true reeeinblanee to the members
of the Holy Alliance.. They were just as picturesque while
their slopite were covered by naked starving eavages mut petty
tyrante, who shared their revenues, with tile licentious priest's..
—There WAS now a wide difference in the condition Bath of the
people and of the priesthood. In Scotland there was a clergy
egetally remaved from the dependence of poverty, or the luxury
mad indolence of overgrown wealth, instead of the priests in
Other Out:tries whoseeined rather to shear than tend their flocks.
Thu Sc-Its were a people morel, educated, and cautious. They
wok a lung while toenalie, up their, minds in :matters so difficult
:ate the edits or St4tet but, once made tip, they were immoveable
ae the mks, and kept steadily to their purpose with tempers
smooth and unrittiled as their lakes.—(Great applause.)—Tho
ilioatiou* family to which he had referred stood earth aeall
tirtiee Lie! guardians of the liberties of the country ; and their
exertione were pre.etninent in perilotte fifties, like the present,
14.."0..cr assailed by th,:l.icenl,iottsnesi of :he peopla 07 the power

of the Crown, or menaced by a host of legal despots who had
dared to exert themselves against the five Constitution of the
country. He considered Scotland as the most interesting por-
tion of the civilized world ; and would leave it with feelings of
gratitude and thankfulness, proud ,to observe that the cause of
liberty had achieved a triumph which could never be lost. In
proof of the great change, he would appeal to a constant friend
of freedom. He would appeal to Lord Kinnairdeplio had been
bred at this University; for the greatness of the change, and
the rapid spread of liberal opinfons. He would ap to him
freedom to in-
crease so fast as it had done in this country." 'The 'doctiinelfief
freedom were infectious. If the Scots continued to propagate
them among themselves with that steadiness and agility pecu-
liar to their character, England and Ireland would catch the,
flame of Reform. It would spread from kingdom to kingdom,
and be productive of the most glorious effects. The cause of
Deeform, which was at one time all but desperate, was every day
gaining ground. Ile had just one word more to say. lie im-
plored them all, as it was their bounden duty, as far as their
milk in life and liberties would permit, 'to promote their con-
scientious opinions with that candour anti firmness which were
the best guarantees of success.—(Great applause.)—He begged
leave to give " the independenee and prosperity of this great
itommercial city."
professer 111Y1-11E.—I rice with much diffidence to propose
the following toast, though I ant very sure that it will meet
With the cordial approbation of every one present, I Mean -a
reform of the representation orthe people. I fear thepresent
moment Is somewhat inauspicions;for the proposal'of this senti-
ment, while we are In the presence of representativei of our
country ; illustrioUs by their tank, their wealth, their talents,
their virtue, and their eloquence, which have all been exerted
to secure and save us from bad government. I would! not,
therefore, at the present moment have propoeed this toast, did
I not know that calmer reflection will lead you te ley aside any
ideas of my pointing at them, as I wish solely to impress on you
the importanmand necessity of a thorough and substantial ref-
form in oar representation. We have reason to rejoice that we
are so united to preserve the rights of our country ; the friends
of libertyhmong our representatives are but few, and therefore
We have great rerson anxiously to wish for the means of filling
the House of Connuone with' those independent representatives.
--(Hear !) A reform is anxiously hoped for, as the only means
of maintaining those rights which we possess. They might
express their opinion, but they will have very little influence
in reducing that atomises sop Position they meet with from
Ministers, who fill the House with creatures of their own.. The
only way to meet. this is occasionally to place those in whom we
confide us the Lower House: Rut how rarely can we expect to
place in that situation those on' whom we can rely. I would
propose to qualify die toast I mean to .give by one word, that
is, that the reform may be iethstatitial, that it may go to the
root of the abuses which are the occasion of filling the House
of Commons, as it has been, by the placemen and pensioners
of the Crown; that the. right of election may pass into the
hands of those who ought to possess it, such as would give rank
wealth. and talents their due influence. A true and substan-
tial reform would give to all what they ought to have, a right
of
.election no less us name titan in substance, such as would
have effects of the most beneficial' tendency, with injustice to
none, and justice to all. I hive only to add, may the reform
be a speedy one, with no unneccessary dclary, and no paltry
evasions. I conclude by giving the toast, " A substantial and
speedy reform."
Admiral Feteuxei gave the health of a Nobleman, whose
feelings, in favour of the people, were unequalled by any other
public character of the day, and who was too well known in
tine country and throughout Europe to snake it necessary for
him 'to say any more than give the "Duke of Hamilton."—
(Immense applause.)
The Duke of !Lem tr,TO te returned thanks for the very flat-
tering manner in which his name had been mentioned, and his
health drank by so numerous and respectable a Meeting. He
deeply felt the compliment, and would always be anxious to
merit their good opinion. lie would willingly avail himself of
this Opportunity to add his mite of praise to Mr. Brougham
but of Ida virtues and talents he was inadequate to speak. lie
would not express how much lie felt satisfied by his name
being connected with the principles and rights of the people,
for which they do well to contend; for he was fully convinced
that there was no security in any country for the lives, liberties,
anti property of mankind, but from the establishment of that
essential branch of all good good government, a proper represents.
tion of the people. lie cordially wished that the people would
succeed in obtaining. Reform. It was gatifying to him to find
that the liberal politteel principles, which he had originally and
constantly mahrtaincd, bad gradually gained ground in this
country, and were now so generally disseminated. He regret.
ted that while the principles of liberty were advancing among
the, people of this country, the Government should so conduct
its fOreign ail:tirs to bring discredit on its ancient reputation,
anti to lessen its proper influence among the states of Europe.
Great liritain no longer retained the, estimation which she for-
merly enjoyed abroad. She, had ceased to be the arbitress of
the' destinies of nations, to be the support of the feeble against
: the strong, to be the general champion of freedom. Had the
people possessed moreiberty at home, the character of the na-
tion would have stood much higher abroad. Ile felt himself
so overpowered by the feelings excited by his reception from the
Meeting, that he begged them to interpret for him those senti-
ments for which his former political conduct would procure
him credit; but which he felt hithself quite unable adequately
to express.—( Very marked approbation.)
Atter the Trial by Jury, and Lord Erskine, had been drank
with three times three, ,
The CHAIRMAN said he would propose the health of an'
imlividual equally distinguished for the noble principles which
characterized his Learned Friend, with whom he was passing
through the country,—(Applauto,—and of whom it would be
unnecessary to say any thing respecting his habits, as all who
knew him would not only value him for his great talents, but
for a most unassuming deportment; for he never seems to be
sensible of his own merit, of which no other is insensible but
himself. The circumstance of his representing the large anti
populous town of Nottingham was a proof of the estimation in
which he was held. Ile was elected into an office, the nature
and importance of which was little known in this part of the
country, that of Common Serjeant of the City of Londone-an
honour which was entirely owing to the free suffrages of his
fellow-citizens.
Toast—" The health of Mr. Denman," with three times
three.--( A great burst of applause.)
Ayr, De et etAene-From the kindness of my Noble Friend, I
am afraid that he has engaged in a conspiracy against a quality
which he has attributed to me, for he has put my modesty to
a severe trial. Others will receive a similar honour with the
consciousness of greater desert, but by none will it be more
highly prized. I know that I owe this honour to the inainte-
, Ounce of sentiments and principles similar to those which ani-
mate thislleeting, anti on Which the safety and prosperity of
this country entirely depend. I. might, perhaps, claim some merit
for constantly attending to Scottish questions. The Important
question of Reform acquired great strength from the temperate
Manner in which it had been introduced by the Reverend and
Learned Professor (Afyine), which showed it was not an idle
topic of mere violent declamation, but the settled and sober'
wish of-every intelligent person its the land. He thought
Reform was gaining ' ground from the high authority with
which it was now supported. The ability, the calmness, the
temperance with which that great and important question was
"advocated by the distinguished friends around him, was grati-
fying to the feelings of every-honest and enlightened charac-
ter. Their undeviating attachment and splendid talents gave
time most cheering prospects of success. Their patriotic and
enlightened exertions could not fail to have the most happy in-
fluence, in one part of the Professor's speech he seemed to
fear that the Members of the Lower House then in the Meet-
tine- would think that they were attacked,,and that that body
could not need Reform which embraced such-Members ; but
be appealed to the Meeting present that those who know that
House best had the worst opinion of it. To be sure, when he
contrasted the liberty which the people of England enjoyed as
-compared with Scotland, the scale preponderated much in fa-
vour of the sister kingdom, for he though the iniquity of the
Scottit.h borough system could not be surpassed in any coon.
try ; but, Weed, even if the iniquity of it could be surpassed,
he might say that the manner in which the counties were
managed was yet more ridiculous and absurd. lie hoped,
however, that by the exertions of Lord A. Hamilton and
others, that in time the Member for Nottingham will sit
by and shake bends with the Member for the city of Glee.
gow.—Wrest applause.)—He now observed his lion. Friend
(Air. T. F. Kennedy, M. P.) for the first time at the opposite
side of the table, who had made such exertions to introduce into
Scotland the Trull by Jury in proper form. A measure in which
he had partly failed and partly succeeded. Although his excel.
lent Bill of last Session had been lost, he trusted that he would
persevere till it was triuniphant. _ Without the Trial by Jury,
neither life nor property could be safe, anti it was the best
educatiop for freemen to enable them to elect their own
representatives. He fully, ' eoneurred in every sentiment
of the list of toasts put into the hands of the Chairman,
which formed an excellent system of principles, expressed with
great force and discrimination. The Chief Magistrate and his"
family are 'duly honoured, at becomes the friends of well rep-
hated freedom, and those principles maintained which unseated
one family and placed another on the throne. There is also
the cause of liberty now reviving in Greece, and I trust not ex-
piring in Spain, and yet, I hope. it revives In Italy and Portu-
gal.- (Very gree'. applause.)—All these questions of the liberty
of foreign states intimately interested the people of this coun-
try--nay, as long its one means of oppression exists in the con.
stitution of this country, no safety remains for any individual.
The Ministers offered lately to take credit for some improve-
ment in their system of Government—that they administered
the Wes with greater mildness, and would be called a tax-re.
pealing ministry. But the people know them and ditteetst

them. What bare they done but reluctantly and tardily fol-
lowed the councils of the Opposition? and among those who
laboured to put them-right, there were none more distinguish-
ed than my friend Mr. Brougham, of whom they were bung-
ling imitators and backward pupils. it was right that they
should, as they were desired to do, reform the currency, but
they should in the same proportion have taken off the taxes.
They did the first but not the last. They have restored the value
of the currency, and increased the taxes, and produced the
greatest distress among the merchants and manufacturers,
and deprived the people of employment by -ruining their mas-
tera. • rhis -brought on. misery among the working people—
among whom, we have it now, on their own confesston, that
they were the makers of the mischief by means of the
spies which they maintained. • Yet the laws which they made
on such pretences still stood unrepealed, the ready instruments
of oppression and most wanton tyranny, a stain upon the coun-
try, and a fatal precedent for any bad 111iuister. Nay, contrary
to the ancient usages of Britain, there is not a foreigner in the
country, though he have lived in it 50. years, who is not at the
mercy of the .Ministers on any suggestions from the Holy Alli-
ance•—(Applause.)--Is not Ireland still governed by a most
detestable Insurrection Act, although she begged hist Session
on her knees, at the bar of the Commons, for an inquiry into
her manifold grievances? lie begged to conclude by proposing
as a toast on the deputation from the Chair—" The indepen.
dente of the Bar of Scotland--a body, of men distinguished by
knowledge, firmness of character, and love of liberty."
dom./ aheymmasz,. Esq. of Kirkton, Advocate, returned
thanks for the Bar. He felt strongly what had been said ;
much of which fell to his share to witness. The Scotish Advo-
cates had the old fashioned idea that Government must be con-
ducted by military' despotism, corruption, or reform,.and they
chose to prefer refusal. He well remembered the period when
Henry Erskine was supported by only 30 members. Now he
Was delighted to see the Independent Advocates amount to thrice
that number. He bore testimony to the great amendment in
the liberality of the sentiments of the people of Glasgow, com-
p_ared with what they tbrtnerly were, when they used to enter
the city as it' going into a desart, where every friend of liberty
was branded as a stirrer up of sedition. Ile hoped to see Glas-
gow the second city. in the empire for liberality of sentiment, as
she was already so in every other respect. Ile begged to pro-
pose h toast, " The man who dares to be honest in the worst of
times."
BROUGHAX.-..." I have been kindly permitted to pro-
pose a toast which has no other relation to this meeting than
that of cause and effect. T,e liberty of the press was the
grandinstrUment of public instruction, the guardian of public
liberty, and the best security of the throne. The great change
in public feeling must be owin to the great improvement in
the state of the press. When I first knew Scotland the press
was in a very inferior condition ; but now the newspapers of
Edinburgh and Glasgow, nay, even of some small inconsider.
able towns, are conducted with a knowledge, liberality, and
literary talent which will -.bear competition with the more
celebrated Journels of the capital.--eminent as these un-
questionably are. The high respectability of the persons con-
cerned in these Journals is the surest guarantee for the pro.
per use of that most powerful engine a gpod or evil—so use.
ful in entertaining the higher ranks, and in forming the cha.
racer's, and enlightening the minds of even the humbler
classes. Ile trusted that they would long continue to avoid
time-serving on time one hand, and violence on the other. But
how detestable is the nuisance of the press when it is prostituted
to the purposes of private slander, and rancorous and personal
abuse, to which no good cause needs to resort, which every good
cause disdains--and which makes a bad cause still more filthy
and abominable. " The Liberty of the Press."--(Shouts of
fervent applause.) .. •
Mr. Lawr.tss.—l have come from Ireland for the express
purpose of participating in the present entertainment. I have
the honour to be the proprietor of a press in that port of the
country—a free and independent press • and I appeal to the
world, with an anxiety becoming my honour, if I have not
dune my utmost in exposing bad government. After some
compliments to the talents and public conduct of Mr. Brougham,
and a recital of the grievances of Ireland, and apologising for
his occasional supineness under the present system, he profered
his aid, should Mr. B. require it, in furnishing evidence of the
mode of administering' justice in Ireland.
Mr. WALL/ter:, of ts.elly, prueounced an animated eulogium
on Mr. Hume, for his fearless and indefatigable exposure of
abuse in the public expenditure. Ills name was connected with
every inquiry for the improvement of the general administration
of allairs.
" Mr. home, and a speedy termination of all wasteful ex.
penditure of the public money."—(This toast was extremely
well received.)
Mr. MaxwEt.r, 111. P., rose amidet greet applause. He
said he meant to propose the health of the Noble 14orti who had
taken the Chair, for lie thought him peculiarly well entitled to
the approbation of the citizens of Glasgow. It was difficult fur
him to say all he wished, as lie would thereby trespass on their
precious time, for he felt he could easily speak an hour with no
other subject of iliseourse•than the excellent totalities of the
Noble Lord, He had often had occasion to notice the interest
lie displayed in the prosperity of the County of Lanark, and
more especially in that of the city of Glasgow. His rank and
splendid talents' had placed him among the first Members in
the House of Commons, and he hoped this ►great Meeting
would show that they were fully sensible of his valuable and
extraordinary exertions. lt.-was unnecessary to attempt to de-
monstrate what they all knew, namely, that he had been on
every Occasion the constant and Steady, supporter of the cause
of the meanest mechanic, as well as of' the richest and most
dignified individual.. From this fact might be gathered the
purity of the Noble Lord's principles, as he acted in these
cases for men from whom he could never expect any sort of
reward. It must be truly gratifying to every lover of liberty
to see such a man as Mr. Brougham among them, and hear
the high opinion he had formed of the improvement in the po-
litical opinions of our countrymen ; and lie hoped that learned
individual would rightly appreciate the applause he was re.
ceiving, springing as it did from' pure and disinterested nmo.
tins.. He begged, without farther preface. to propose the
health their Noble Chairman Lord Archibald llamiltOn,
which having been drank with great applause,
Lord A. 11.mwrow, in returning thanks, said that he
never felt a prouder moment than when he received the coun-
tenance of the present Meeting. He might safely retort the
compliments which had been paid to him by the Ilon. Gen.
Boman who had proposed his health, but he would be unworthy
porantheo
lellath en
place
ee
hsetaoteccumpietd, if he did not feel that the principal
was correct. lie had never swerved
either in good or bad times from his principles, and whether
they had rendered him popular or unpopular at die time was a
matter of indifference to Inns, and he now saw time proud con.
summation of the line of conduct he had adopted. 111 r. Max.
well had mentioned that he was an advocate for the poor as
well as the rich, and this lie was proud to confess ; It was the
doctrine of the Constitution that he should be so. In Scotland
he took
c u n a t
yp
oa
net inure than one in 300 persons had a vote. He avowed that
on all occasions, in the affairs of
of Glasgow in particular.—
If at tiny time he had not the good fortune to concur in opinion
frtunla Lanark,
interest,
ald tie
city
with those to whom lie owed his election, lie was sure that no
one would whisper that he voted from any view to his own per.
annul advantage. I have always made it a special part of my
duty to attend to the welfare of those who could not, flarm ob-
vious causes, attend to their own interests.
T. F. Keeler.vy 11. P. proposed the health a gallant
friend connected with that branch of time service which was
always justly considered as 'the most constitutional defence of
our country, a person equally distinguished for his duties in
his profession, and those which lie owed to the public as a
most active and independent politician. " Admiral Fleming
and the Independent Freeholders of Lanarkshire."
Admiral FLEetimeu—l shall not attempt ,to express my
thanks for the great honour done me in connecting my name
with the independent freeholders of Lanarkshire, as I ton
totally inadequate to the task of giving vent in suitable terms
to my feelings on one topic, by the respect I have for the
quarter from whence it came. I cannot avoid to say, that I
hope Mr. Kennedy, who has brought in a Bill, the most im-
portant of any measure since the union, will not fail to perse-
vere in his excellent measure for rendering Juries independent.
--(Much applause.)
The health of Lord Kinnaird, and the gentlemen of Perth.
shire, was proposed by the CHAIRMAN. lie had long known
Lord K., who had lived for many years abroad, and he had no
doubt retained those liberal principles in politics which he had
asserted in the House of Commons and the House of Lords. In
one thing he had proved this, because lie had the honour to be
"Pen"' from the soil of France, by the present ruler of that
country—as not worthy of France, but certainly France was
not worthy of hitn..((great upplause.)—This act was no more
than justice, for .he ought nut to live in such a country under
such a government.
Lord Knestarnn was taken by surprise in being thus called
upon, and felt that any thing concerning him was too unimpor-
tant for the attention of such a Meeting ; but lie felt it neces-
sary to thank them for coupling his name with so very respect-
able a body as the eeettre of Perthshire. But there was one sub-
ject on which he liad been asked to propose a toast, " The
cause of Spain," a cause that warmed his heart ; and his Noble
Friend had truly told them it was also the cause of Britain
—though important as it was, he lamented that it appeared to
be somewhat less dear to the people of this country than it was
sonic months ago; Some excused themselves for their apathy
by asserting_ that the Spaniards - hail done nothing. Have
they indeed done nothing ? Have they not been attacked in-
sidiously anti suddenly and in an unprepared state, by the
numerous and well appointed armies of France,--artistes
which, too base to restore the liberty of their own country, are
base enough to console themselves for the loss of their own
liberty, by, endeavouring forcibly to reduce the Spaniards to
the sane slavery with themselves. Some affect to despair of

Spain, reduced as she is, to defend Cadiz, the last hold of
her liberty. If to-morrow should announce the fall of Cadiz,
and the cruel Inquisition, the imbecile Ferdinand, and the
Ultra Regency of Madrid be restored, I should not despair of
Spain—that cradle of future heroes. The crown, it is said, never
dies; shall the cause of liberty and the people not be equally
immortal ? It is one of the misfortunes of our own country, that
persons are affraid to utter their opinions from a terror of being
in a minority, and despairing of exciting popular and just feer.
ings among the majority. But it is not by the enlightened mi-
nority that such feelings have ever been propagated till their ul-
timate triumph ? Why despair ? How long was it before this
nation shook off the Stuart family? Did not the Stuarts twice put
down British liberty ? and did not liberty, after various vicissi-
tudes, expel the Stuarts ? He was glad to see the great improve-
mentin liberal feeling since he last was in Scotland; and from
this he augured a similar improvement in other countries. Hy-
pocrisy is the homage paid by vice to virtue; and the HolyAl-
Bence, and 1 fear some intilguers in this country, hypocritically
pretend to act with impartial neutrality between France and
Sp ain—nay, when Parliament last met, a portion of the Ministry
affected anintention to protect Spain. But although some of my
Hon. Friends were rather too much disposed to give credit to
the unexpected bursts of patriotic and liberal feeling which
came from the suspicious source of the accustomed defenders
of the grossest of our domestic abuses, perhaps they were will-
ing to hope for something favourable to Spain. It was fifteen
years since-he had addressed an audience of his countrymen,
and he might claim some indulgence. The toast his Lordship
proposed was—" The cause of Spain," which was drank with
plaudits.
Mr. DEN MAN • then rose and stated his conviction that the
cause of all the misery of Ireland was concisely expressed in
the sentiment which he was about to propose He did not
mean to dwell on. Catholic Emancipation—that question which
had divided the Senate and the people, by which the people
had been often artfully and basely infuriated for the most vio-
lent and sordid purposes; but lie was fully convinced, that
without that great act of justice to the Catholics of Ireland,
the Union was a deception and a curse, and it was better that
it should be repealed than emancipation be withheld. In be.
half of emancipation I have the opinion of the greatest men
this nationhae produced-.4)f Fox—of Grattan—of Whitbread
and Romilly—and I shall add, their fellow-labourer, my friend,
31r. Brougham. " The downful of that monopoly of political
privileges in Ireland, which converts religion into an engine of
oppression."
The CriatnmAx then gave the health of Mr. Oewahl the
Croupier. • The character of that gentleman was so well known
in Glasgow, that he felt it tobe unnecessary to say any thing
in his praise. He had always been an active and zealous advo-
cate for the cause of liberty.
Mr. OSWALD shortly returned thanks.
Admiral FLEW ma rose to propose the health of Mr. Max-
well, and the Independent Freeholders of the County of Ken.
trew, which he did amidst great manifestations of applause.
Mr. MAXWELL would be short in returning thanks t'or
self, •but he begged to say a few words for his constitu en ts of the
County of Rentrew, who, he believed, were the first persons
who had sent a Whig Member to the House of Commons. lie
had come to the present Meeting to congratulate their tribute
of applause-to Mr. Brougham for his public conduct, and
they would have been very ill pleased with him had lie not
thane so,
Lord A. HAMILTON next proposed a toast whichhe was sure
would be drunk with the most cordial satisfaction—that of the
health of Lord Belhaven, a Nobleman distinguished for the same
liberal sentiments that pervaded the Meeting, and he regretted
that lie bad not proposed it before. The late Lord, his honour-
able fathereliad left him a legacy of fair and' unsullied fame,
which his son promised to surpass. Redid not wish to say any
thing that- would tend in the least to diminish the merits of the
dead, more particularly of the late Lord Belhaven, who was his
particular friend, and he would therefore only say, that the
fame of the son at least equalled that of the father. The health
of Lord Belhaven was drank with great applause.
Lord DE L itAvr N. said he could assure the Meeting he was
fully sensible of the honour they had done him, and he was
sure they would believe him when lie stated that the manner
in which his health had been drank, had in a great degree de-
prived him of the power of giving proper vent to his feelings.
lie rejoiced sincerely to see so large a meeting assembled to
do honour to the great and splendid talents of his friend Mr.
Brougham, and still more to his independent principles. At
such ,a late hour lie could not detain them, but would returnhis sineerc thanks for the honour they had done hiin.
Air. Graham, of Whitehill, after some masterly remarks on
the merits of Mr. Clarkson, gave " The universal abolition cf
the Slave Trade.

The Cum amaze next proposed the health of his Mend Mr.
Kennedy. His Hill for altering the mode of appointing Scot.
tish Juries was lost in is very curious manner. After passing
the House of Commons, it was thrown out of the House or
Lords, owing to a single expression from Lord Melville, that
no particular practical- evil existed in the present system. If
the Scottish 3lenihers be true to themselves, they will not be
contented till they have some practical henfit, and still higher,
an acknowledged defect in the law remedied. Mr. Kennedy
has laudably persevered; 'and the voice of the people raised in
support of the measure will have some effect. Ile felt warm
upon the subject of Jury Trials, and was surprised to see the
Lord Advocate, a law officer of the Crown, oppose the Bill, and
treat it lightly ; on the ground, forsooth, that it would be
troublesome to the country gentlemen.—(A laugh.)—.He
trusted that the country gentlemen would not think of any
trouble to attend on these occasions, and he hoped Mr.
Kennedy would persevere till he got his Bill passed.—
(Applause.)
Mr. KF.I.INEDY, M.P., said the applause they had given to
the partial introduction of his name, had given him more em-
barrassment than he felt in the prosecution of the object which
had commanded their approbation. During three Sessions he
persevered in bringing ibrwanl his Bill, and in one of them it
was his fortune to get an alteration made in the law, and by
perseverance, he hoped the object would be eventually attained.
If he could have any sentiment of pride beyond that resulting
from a conscientious discharge of his duty, it was greatly en.
hanced by their applause. The English lawyers did not be-
lieve that the case was so deplorable till the details were laid
before them. lie meant to persevere; and, encouraged by the
sanction of their approbation, he found he had in this case done
his duty.
Mr. Sontag, of Culcreugh, passed a handsome eulogium on
Mr. Gibson for having detected and exposed a system of pri-
vate and public slander.
Mr. Gilmore was happy to have that opportunity of return-
ing the expressions of his warmest applause to Mr. Brougham,
and to his worthy friend and fellow.labourer in the same cause,
Mr. Denman, than whom a more upright and independent man
did not exist. They had been all delighted with the eloquence
and talents of those gentlemen ; but they had all seen men pos-
sessed of talents and eloquence—they had seen men who, while
they dped honey from their lips, carried poison in their
hearts.-(Applause.)—They had seen men possessed of talents
and eloquence abandoning the best interests of society, but
they were not met there to celebrate the talents and eloquence of
any men, but rather the use they had made of them. They
could not be all eloquent, but they were enable to be honest and
conscientious..--(Great applause.)—He thanked Mr. Speirs,
,who was one of his earliest friends, whose public conduct had
been highly honourable to himself and useful for the country,
for giving him this opportunity of' expressing his gratitude to
'Mr. Brougham.
Professor Pat ANs rose to propose the health of a gentleman,
not for his being the fearless advocate of liberty nt home, not for
his intrepidity by assailing the foes of liberty abroad, but for his
exertions fin the difflision of education among the poor. In the
British House of Commons, with all its faults, there were more
sound practical knowledge, more talents, more eloquence, than
there ever was in the classic pages of Greece, or in the
Roman Senate. He wished to call their attention to that
evil which lies at the root of all society, the want of education.
—lt would be needles's, before such a Meeting, or in any
assemblage of Scotsmen, who were themselves the best proofs of
the blessings of education, to dilate upon its blessings, parti-
cularly in the presence of their illustrious guests. The only
way to secure peace and prosperity was to lay the foundations
of instruction broad and deep in the minds of youth. Mr.
Brougham, after having witnessed the blessings oleduca.
don in this country, had zealously laboured to diffuse it
among the English, and give a proper direction to the charity
of donors, and coupled it with parochial instruction. lie
was at loss which most to admire, the greatness and meg.
nitude of the design, or the minuteness of the details. If
this plan had formerly been carted into effect, the projector
would undoubtedly have been considered one of the great.
eat benefactors which the world had ever seen. These are
the public acts, by which Mr. Brougham is the champion of'
the dearest interests of Britain; and these are the claims by
which he had rendered himself the object of public esteem. He
was proud to give vent to these feelings, and lie should have
been to blame had he lost this opportunity of tracing the steps
of an .old school.fellow to fame and public usefulness.—
(Applause.}—" He gave Mr. Brougham and the Education of
the Poor," which was drank with great applause.
Mr. Baouattnat said he could not help expressing his hope,
that the important object which his friend had anticipated, in
language better than he could do, would soon be brought about.
lower class of society were the most useful, because the
most numerous, and it is of great importance that they should
be educated. The measure had been hitherto prevented from
being carried into effect by the difference of opinion that pre.
veiled between the High-Church party and the preiudices of
dissenters. He hoped that each of the parties would Sae some of
the advicewhich was regularly given in the cause of reform each
to yield a little, and if they did not follow the same track, they
might at least take the same branch of the road. He would tie.
tam them no longer than to give them a toast, which had just

been put into his hands to propose--" A speedy dissolution of
the miscalled Holy Alliance.'
Mr. Doti oLae—The tout which I have been deputed to pro-
pose, is one which is so interesting to ourselves, and'so eminent-
ly honourable to our every way distinguished Chairman, that
it cannot but obtain the greatest attention, even after the very
eloquent addresses which have- delighted this Meeting; com-
posed as it chiefly is of Glasgow Burgesses. In the present
state of nos-representation, or rather mil-representation of
the Scottish Boroughs.the interests of the inhabitants are
entirely unprotected. When thegeeat question was some time
ago. agitated for raising the price of the poor man's bread, and
for excluding by the dearness of the labourer's subsistence, the
produce of our manufacturing industry from the foreign mar-
ket, it was left. to our excellent County Representative, aided
by the efforts of this illustrious brothere'pee nobile fratrutni ;
contrary to. the interests of
.the land which the one directly
represented; -and of :which the -other -wise- so large a pro- a:
prietor ; to consider the poor man's case, and to oppose
that cruel principle of legislation - which would enrich the
rich by impoverishing the- poor. By the zealous and un-
corainerable industry of the Noble Lord and MS asadtittres'
in three. separate Parliamentary Committee on Borough
Reform the abuses of that system are 'now familiar as.
household words to every one, in a country were all can. read.
Every man in the nation now knows that Scotland originally
possessed freely-elected Borough Councils, the Trial by Jury .
in Civil Causes, and a County Representation-founded on that •
Basis of land, from which, as Lord Therlow says, it has en-
tirely slipped, as well as many other free Saxon institutions.
But when, from rivalry of England, Scotland• allied herself
to France, her Kings imported tromthat-conntry French insti- ,
totione and maxims of Government—the Parliament House
without a Jury, and exchanged the freedom of her boroughs
for self election. The whole i?olitical Constitution of Scot-
land became tainted with this Freud/ atom, contracted
by too intimate an -.intercourse with despotic France; • her-
tair face is blotted with Rotten_ Boroughs and the or
of *public voice and political utterance corrupted and-ae,
stroyed.—(Much laughter' nd cheering.)-.-In sonic cities,: ene
!urged by trade and industry, the respectable persons who dis-
diarge the unpopular duties of a self-elected magistracy would
willingly receive their powers from the flee suffrages of their.
fellow-citizens—in the smaller places the only traffic is in the
liberties of their country.—lf such a depraved systesi is nut te
be speedily reformed, it were far better that the boroughs
should be at once disfranchised, than that they xliould continue
to vitiate the Legislature by sending-Members who, with one or..
two exceptions, that can easily be explained have always sys-
tematically supported every proposition' of the Minister of the
day. The burgesses of Scotland have their eyes fixed on •
their faithful inflexible champion, and trust he will not be
discouraged by the hypocritical appointment, by :he consent of
the Minister, of the last ComMittee, by which every thing which
the former Committees had voted to be proved-awes voted to be
untrue ;' but that encouraged by what may fairly be termed his
triumph last Session on the question of County Representation?
he wilt persevere in exposing to the Representatives of Eng-
lana the Scottish Borough System, by which they are daily
outvoted and neutralized. Need I say more ; need I lieu soda
anything, to induce you to hail with enthusiasm the wish ahat
Lord A. Hamilton may, live to recover the long lost rights of
the Scottish Burgesses.—(Vehement applause.)
Lord A. HAIM-TOW at that late hour of the night mild
not enter upon this important subject; but though he had failed
in obtaining redress for his body of citizens, yet he shouldXtevec
regret Isis labours for the praise he had got from that Meeting. ,
lie should be ill qualified for the discharge of his Parliamentary
duties, if he considered success as the criterion of ioteg- ,
rity, or the uprightness of his motives. They would recollect
when he firsebrought the subject before the House of Com-
mons. lie was told that he had made out no case —that.there
was no practical evil in the system, as the fashionable mini-
sterial phrase of the day is—(a laugh) ; but, after a long und
painful investigation, he hadhroughtforward a greater case. of
corruption-than ever existed before, either in or out of Parlia-
ment. Ile would appeal 'to the common faellid of the meeting,
if it was not a vise of law against will—or justice against 'nee
justice—of the few against the many. A Magistrate had it in
his power to manage the affairs of a borough, not as it suited
the interests of the public, bitt as it suited tne-views of those-by
whom he Was nothinated. Up to this hour, if a man squandered
the funds, or seized upon the comMore.good of a borough, he eilia
tained the sanction of his colleagues‘_,ltliieewlaasivsh.enadainboktonfrtenbeiedduan'e_
and were they to be told that there was no practical evil in such a
system
nel tattilsi
me this
Ist.
tt(,Lica rnreideastthaoaPftP,t,ilaiuso:4lroc, allga masterson.,,) iovf thheetidheetocilosroat
menced his labours, most of the borough Magistrates were re-
formers, but. such was the fatality of all those who oppose ea_
form in this country that, as they learned it would give more
satisfaction at head-quarters, they got all their petitions with..
drawn. After three Sessious, in which he was ably supported
by his friends, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Maxwell and others, they-
made out a case of unquestionable corruption. There was
indeed a supeetiuity of it—(A laugh),.-it was sce great, so
Obvious, they wanted nothing said upon the subject in de-
tail, and they refused to examine the very documents :that.
had been ordered by themselves, and after wading through
an accumulated mass of filth, the measure was abandoned ;
and if there be any one thing in his. Parliamentary conduct.
which he valued himself for above another, it was for going
through this Herculean load of corruption. They heard the
story of the ancient nation who made their 'slaves drunk to de-
ter their children from the vice of drunkennees These papers.
might have a shnilar effect ; they had 'only to open the book,
and see what sort of' a system was advocated. It there be any
class of persons more deserving of attention, or dome collateral
benefit, it was the population of the Scottish bordughs.—(4-
plause, and hear, hear
.!)-As lie before said, he would not ex-
tract any merit for himself, but from the honesty of his mo-
tives or the goodness of his cause.
Bno u Han said the worthy Chairman had allowed him
to take another opportunity of addressing them, and it would
be the last time. He meant to ask them tO drink the health of
one who was always et his post and always struggling in the
cause of liberty—lie meant Sir F. Burdett.--(Applause.)—On
some "subjects thellon. Bart. and he had differed—conaciene
tiously differed—but it was always face to face—fairly and
honourably as it became free-born men, and had consequently
caused a better understanding, anti an increase of respect on hie
part, and he hoped, nay he believed, it was mutual—and amore
candid intimacy between them. There was not a man to be
found who was more enthusiastic in the cause of liberty ; and
he meant to couple along with hint Mr. Hobhouse, a most ac-
tomplished scholar, and extensively informed raan, who con-
stantly combated in the same noble cause by the' side of his
worthy colleague. Igive along with the representatives, the
worthy Electors of Westminster, who have done themielves
great honour by electing free of expexice or even of canvass.
He then gave " Sir Francis Burdett, and the independent
Electors of Westminster." •
Mr. M'lastxx returned his warmest thanks for introducing
the name of his worthy representative. It was a plain proof of
the good sense and penetration of Mr. Brougham. He had
had the honour of being represented for ti abort time by the
late lamented Sir Samuel Homily ; but alas ! it was but a
short time. 'Sir Samuel had a book which he was very anxious
to have published. He ordered him to take it-to a friend, and
Instruct him to prepare it for the preset adding at the same
time, " If he has not time to do it, take it to -Mr. Brougham.
who has time for every thing, and he will do it." If he had
never said more than this, this saying would last to eternity.
This brought him to his worthy friend Mr. Denman, on whom
he passed an eulogium, stating, that the Common Council
had made him Common Serjeant, but they ought to have
made him Recorder.
Lord KIS atelllD would not like to propose a toast without
embracing the University. They all recollected Sir James
Mackintosh,--and the University had done honour in electing
this illustrious Senator to be their Lord Rector. Out of re.
sped for alma mater, and for the University, he would-give
the memory of Professors Millar and Young, which was
drunk in silence.
Lord A. HAMILTON then gare the health of the company,
and good night.
Mr. BnOUGITAM begged leave to join in the toast with sea-
timents of gratitude and respect for every individual present.
His Lordship then left the Chair amidst the most enthusi-
astic cheering, and along with the other distinguiihed guests
left the Hall.

The most flattering mark of attention that could be paid to
the distinguished strangers was, that the company broke up st

the same time that Lord A. Hamilton left the Chair.

Tun PLANET Mcitcunr.--,The proximity of
this Planet to the Sun renders it an object but
seldom to be seen throughout the year ; and
when it is in aphello, or at its greatest dis-
tance from the sun, through the mists which ge-
nerally prevail near the horizon, a telescope
must be used in order to make a distinct clear
observation. A fine opportunity,
however of
observing it will be offered to the lovers of as-
tronomy, by its conjunction with Spica Virginis,
which will take place on the evening of the 19th
instant, when Mercury will be only 3 min. south
of the star, and they may both be seen together,
in the west, soon after sun-set, should the
,
weather prove favourable.
