HO USE OF COMMONS, Arita 23.

In consequence of three ballots for Committees to try
the merits of petitions against the returns far Galway,
Mallow, and Weymouth, the House did not meet to-lay
until four o'clock. The ballot upon the Weymouth pe-
tition was not proceeded in, and it was understood that
that petition was withdrawn. The ballot for the o•ber
two Committees prevented the gallery from being opened
until five o'clock.

The following Members were balloted upon the Mallow
Election petition Committee :—Lord Eastnor, Mr. S. L.
Fox, Lord Robert Grosvenor, Edward Dawson, William
Blamire, Sir J. E. Wilmot, W. Evans, E. T. Bain-
bridge, Lord Tullamore, Henry Halford, and another,
whose name was not audible in the gallery.
MESSAGE FROM THE LORDS.

A message from the Lords stated that their Lordships
had agreed to the Conveyances' Amendment Bill, the Bill
for the better Administration of Justice in Ireland, the
Exeter Water -works Bill, and several other Bills.
Sir R. INGLIS brought up the 13th Report of the
Committee on public petition...—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. GORDON presented a number of petitions
from various places in Scotland, for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath ; for a revision of the monetary
system ; for a better system of education in Ireland ; for
the abolition of slavery ; and for a reduction of the duties
on malt and soap.

Mr. JERVIS presented a petition from the tradesmen
of Chester, praying for the establishment of a Court of
Requests.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Mr. WILKS presented petitions for the im-
mediate abolition of slavery from the Protestant
Dissenters of Wandsworth, in the county of Surrey ;
from the inhabitants of Dean Prior, in the county of
Devon ; from the Protestant Dissenters of Lamerham, in
the county of Suffolk; from the Protestant Dissenters
assembling for divine worship in New-street Chapel,
Whitehaven, in the county of Suffolk, and from the Pro-
testant Dissenters of the independent denomination in the
island of Portland, in the county of Dorset.
DISSENTERS' MARRIAGES, &c.

Mr. WILKS then presented a petition from Spalding,
in the county of Lincoln, praying for an improved system
of parochial registry ; that all places of worship may be
exempt from the payment of poor rates ; that dissenting
eo
ministers may be permitted to perform the marriage cere-
mony according to the forms of the established church ;
that they may be also permitted to perform the funeral
e
titn
service in parochial burying grounds ; and that the peti-
triaotneesr
as n rod acye.b,.e
Thee
Member the paymentalalso
te
pret of all
all
ap churchi
from Weathertield, in the county of Essex, to the same effect.
