MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

1)1144., Jut. v ant 111.7;ht and to-day, and tailed
for the River. the Beaufort, Sainthill, from Jamaica ;* Ocean,
Blackburn, Quebec ; Aaeph, Webster, 'Rio Janeiro ; Sophia,
Burkett ; and Ocean, Oran, from ciittil ; and several more—
particulars unknown. Came down from the River the Mon-
trose Richardson, for Demerara ; and. Courier, Mainwaring,
for Sew South Wales. _ . . .

Powrastotrru, 16.—Wind his
Majesty's ships Redwing, (man, Guernsey and Hussar, front
Ulu Eastward.

• FAL at OUT H, Jii IN VS.—Wind S.W. to W.N.W.—Arrived
off the port the. Perseus, Jackson, from St. John's, N. B. irls
31 days ; and the For, Durkie, from St. Domingo, in 24 days.

The Hope, M‘Donald, from Belfast to S. Andrews, and
Marshal :Wellington, of Sunderland, wore driven on shore on
Sable Island about the 4th ult.,. the former it was feared would
'be lost.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East India
House, when Capt. Richard Maapoole, 9f the ship Bockins-
hammAdivirrals44,. of oust yreVAO 9.
:1 to der!rtiot tor

STEA LING DEA 1) BODIES.
Towx-HRI.L.-1-Csierday arid earneKKAs
Fitorerald. two notorious grave-robbers, were brotifeit before
Alderman 3,J. 3)4ITH, for being found in 11041144111011 Or the
body of a female tied up inn sack.
John Smith, 4 constable, stated, that he met the prisoners in
Great Maze Pond, Southwark, at half-past five o'clock in the
merning, carrying a box on their shoulders. I called to,
them to know what it was they had got ? upon which they
threw down the box, and the prisoner .Fitzgerald ran away,
when the other prisoner desired him to say nothing alum.;
it. Witpess immediately called James Atkins, a watchman,
to his assistance,', to whrnn Alillard repeated the request not to
mention it. On searching the box, they discovered the dead
body of a female tied up in a bag; they then secured Millard,
and took him to the writch.house. Fitzgerald was taken shortly
after. The body was coneeyed to St. Ohtve'a Workhouse:
The prisoner Fitzgerald denied being the man wham OW,
but was again sworn to positively by Smith.
Mr. Edward Grainger, surgeon, proprietor of the Anatomi-,
cal Theatre in, Webb-street, said, that understanding his name
had been called in 9uestion he had attended, and would say
that the witness Smith was perjured, as he would assert poi-
tively, from his own knowledge, Fitzgerald was not present,
' and that he, Smith, would be Indicted. •
Alderman SMITH said the witness had sworn to him, rated
Mr. Grainger might act as he thought fit at the Sessions. Ile
should hold the prisoners to bail
Mr. Grainger then came forward, and bailed the prisonm
conjunction with Mr. Jetties Appleton. The body lies to
owned at St. Oleve'e workhouNe.

MIATING •AT 'LON int,eting of Iht, t.
Subscribers to I.4loyd's took place yesterday, for the pui.
pose of continuing the Report of the .4„.,i'pecitil Connuttte'.,
elected to form a new code of Bye-laws and itegtilatito,S,
presented to the Subseribers' at the Itteeting of the itth inst.„ •
when the.-sane WAS ItgTOeti to atter some conversation, tut
amendment thereon, which watt proposed, being withdrawri
witnotit a division. At the close of the meeting a ball corn.
meneed, for the purpose of electing two now Masters for that
establishnient, which terminated at half-put tbur in the after.
noon.

omn, the celebrated favourite of the "theit.
tn+ of the Port St. Martin at Paris,- Was `
condemned to pay. 25,000 francs damages, as
indemnity for the los's suitained by that thoatre,
iu consequence of his absenting himself for ten
mouths, in breach of his contract: The damages
were laid at 400,000 francs, calculated on the
ayerage receipts of the house of GO,OOO francs
pr month, and considering bins responsible for
the loss on eadt representation, in consequence `'
of his defection.
1-10RUIBLE ShCcking• murder was4t.
entrunitted a few days since by a monster nanwd
John Bright, at r)ra y fend, about nine miles from
Sonthtnniton, on the body of a female to whom
be vas paying his addresses, and who was preg-
nant by him. The girl has been toistlig
Thursday evening last; when the ft seen
body wets lonlid in a wt here ells y ww+'r+
Set=n together. ;;fat l~>irljohead., anti the string of :arehtisrinerig:t
first knocked
her down, and. (Iwo eitiliqtvoured to snfracate r
by tying the sti log rsmlrud ht.!' neck, ven
k, to piet
her nulking a noise ;anti he afterwards threw her
into a deep. hoie in the river. A Coroner's I •
quest is now sitting, on the body, and the niur
derer, who bas partly eonfeSSed the crime, is lit.
cuitody.--( Exeter Paper). -

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

B'xtrocts from the Morning PtTers, Jay 17.

_.r.r..

[WIC TIMES.]
TtiPre is reason to congratulate the people of
Ireland, we think, on the peaceable manner in
which it is now ascertained that the 12th as well
as the ISt- of July has passed over. No triumph
appears to have been celebrated in any 'part of
the country from which communications have
reached the Dublin Journals ; and. as there was
no provocation offered, so there 'was no challenge
to be accepted, and no outrage on either side has
occurred. It is curioos, therefore, to observe.
how, sooty and with how little trouble a heinous
crime, when discreetly treated, subsides into a
despicable folly. Not more than six or eight.
Months .ago, the dressing or not dressing of a
statue was to be the signal for a religious war
frem. north hi south of Ireland ; the attempt 'to
hinder that stupid mummery was to knock the.
Lord Lieutenant's brains out, or to 44 disperse"
his Excellency out of the kingdom ; the attempt
to punish three drunken beasts of the upper gal-
lery. wee to end in embroiling the Government
of Ireland with the Parliament, or both with the
Catholic body ; but all has issued in a cloud of,
smoke. The Orange , chorusses are reduced
to the solitary screaming of a poor wit-
less Clergyman. The CetholiC Association
hus acted. rightly on two occasions, and in
the same week ; for it has remembered to thank
.Mr. Brougham, and has forgotten to plague the
Lord Lielit,Oant t the question, then, that meets
one at every. turn is, 'what was the meaning of
thisconfounded pother only a few months ago ?
and' the answer, we supposes; must be, that Ire-
land would not have been [retold without it.—
We have indeetlgood reason for believing, that
if on this last ,Ittiniversary the public peace has
been preserved, it wxs tint for want of anxious
wishes, or of buiy muchlnations,.tetiding to Set
the country 111.11 flame. Lord. Talbot had been
frightened oily Clef his seteses by numberless pro-
phecies thilt
,generarrebellion WOW break out
by a given day ;nod seine local dhltnrlntotes in'the
southern counties gave colour to The fictions of his
informers. Ilia Eitellency and r Grunt beghtl
fortifying Dublin,on the presumption, 'doubtless,
that the old Fmglish pale weir all that would be left
to the King's GoVertmient, and that the Castle Wet
their citadel and only' tenable post. It being
well utiderstood that trstfason of disturbance has.
been hitherto favourable tie. the continuance and'
eXtension of that ascendaney which some persons
otaim as their birthright, it is the obvious interest of
such claimants to 'exaggerate commotions or to in-
vent thetp. They tried it with the last Irish Admi-
oistra tibia, and succeeded they have very recently
tried it with the present one,bot have,asreportsays,
cOottiletely failed. All descriptions of incendiary
tools have 'been employed .to throw rival factions
into conflict, and thus to verify the assurances
pressed upon the Government. The Itibandmen
were threatened with a triumphal entry of Sir
Bradley Kinginto the capital, monstrous as the eh-
'4ltilif.Y may seem, with a march of 20,000 Orange-
men, headed by Lord O'Neil, to enforce the de-
Caration of the statue. This, of course, led to
gn"thilts. and consultations of the Bihand-
men ; the object of which meetings were as-
certained to be precautionary ; but were re-
PrE'sankd to -the Government as offensive and
hostile to the State: The double-fraud, however,
miscarried--4he persons in authority would not.
be alartned. Lortt.Q'Neil and his army were
not forthcoming, nor was the ovation of Sir Brad-
ley King., 'l' lie gibaodureit were equally slow
to take the field ; and, to CUM up matters, there is
no mate rebellion in Ireland than there has been
any diiy these thirty year*, although that, to be
surelis Alot sayingmech for its tranquillity.

. . rMORNiild POST 4
The Party which. has defended Iheaggression
orFranre against, Spain assumes' a tone of contl-.
dence.sud-triumph in the belief, real or affected,
that the SUCCesi of •the, former is now nearly com-
plete.. this is, the first occasion, perhaps, on
which the success of an, enterprize s been con
sidered as derisive of its jastice, and we must he
perniitted to hesitate ere we concur in a mode of
Judgment which would compel us to applaud the
most iniquitous and 'unprincipled schemes of cone
quest as often as they do not fail, and which ac.
knowledges no distinction between the triumphs
of a Wellington or of a fluonaparte. lithe sway
41`.1france. were. firmly established at this moment'
over ,the ,whole of the Peninsula-, We 'should not
therefore feel the has strongly that the principles
Jecito the invasion'were detestableas well as
absurd, and this sentiment is altogether indepen-
dent of tb,e use which she might mako..of her ill.
acquired.. authority.. It would, however, be dis.
crept on the part of those who have pretended to
justify, the •invasion, to moderato their .exulta-
tion,Jf
,even it should be successful, until they
see Olt Frittme seeks not, the establishment of,
troy ,p,Prmapent authority in 'pain ; since it can.'
root lie;doubted' that tin Government and the
Iwo)* of , EpOland would concur, would be
bouniihy duty and honour, as welt
,as iote-
rests. 0 cettcnr*,,in defeating .by any means, or at
such an. intention. We permit
ourse'Ves to Suggest these ,cooslderations and
breathe these hopeS, with a view to a state of
things, whidt,, confidently and promptly es It is
torpedo' by those whose wishes dictate tin it
nioots;
,we still believe not only distant but hro.
probable. The advance of the French army nu..
resisted to Madrid; the further ad vance of a
detachment of it to the neighbourhood of the isle
of Leon • the acclamations of a rabble, at the
sight of military spectacles .? the .apparent, re.
*pert of dealers. o.r fartnerof „to &passing army
-.Attach was. eon Wed by, Fret-wit) Treasury to
pay .them; viell for their tornmodities ; the dcfec.
twit Or equliocation of • ,one or two military
,
leaders ; the, servile homage of a few prosti,
lute ii or titoid Grandees .—these things all,
.
taken together, do not appear to us to, be by
any means ti4fillise of the ultimate, still less
the 104ra„ii, inbjugation of Spain,—
There ;ere rmitiji.,questions to-which ,these cir-
etutistatices afford no answer; but 'biltich it be
• • Inu

answered favourably to the French before any
expectation of their success can be rationally en-
tertained. What is the whole amount of loss hi-
therto sustained by the French army since it cross
sed the Pyrenees? What is the number of Con-
stitutional Guerillas now in, or preparing for the
field, compared with the number existing at the
moment of the invasion? Of what strong holds in
the country have the French yet obtained posses-
sion ? What provinces or districts are reduced to
such peaceable and regulated subjection as to pay
taxes to the Treasury of Madrid ? If the answer
to every one of these questions must be decidedly
unfavourable to the French, what real and secure
progress is yet made towards the subjegation of
Spain ? Are they any nearer the attainment of
their object, because their bayonets glitter in
spots from the Pyrenees to the remotest extre-
mity of the kingdom ? Is not this dispersion ne-
cessarily productive of weakness and danger ?
If it be pretended that all apprehension of
danger is removed by the cordial friendship of
the population, let us be told then, who are
the men that maintain such obstinate possession
of the fortresses ? Let us understand how it is,
that with so devoted a people for subjects, the
Madrid Regency should be without a Treasury ?
—Acclamations may resound, and triumphant
arches be constructed from one end of Spain to
the other ; we will not form our judgment of the
issue of the conduct from symptoms so ostenta-
tious and obtrusive—we think it much safer to
infer its condition and its prospects from the
troops that pass and the ammunition which accu-
mulates at Bayonne—or from the large addition
just made to the public debt of France.

EMOII.NING CHRONICLI,]
Accounts on WlliCh the utmost reliance•may be
placed have been received direct from TOPolizel
of the 16th May. They give a very favourable
view of the. affairs of the Greeks. The know-
ledge of the interest begun to be taken in their
concerns by the British' public, bad been commu-
nicated by the agent sent by the Greek Com-
mittee, to a sitting, of the House of Brepresenta.
tives. About sixty Members were present; and
the majority of them were moved even' to tears
by these first proofs- of the sympathy Sect for
thorn in a country to which' they had- long fondly
looked, bUt of which they had received but too
much cause to be distrustful. Though the efforts
of the Turks would probablY be oh a greater
scale than any they. had' hitherto made,
the courage, and confidence of the Greeks
had, on the other: handy greatly increased ;
and they were makidg a sensible progreit in a'
better organization. The Military Chiefs were-
beginning to recognize the authority of the Cen--
t'ral Governmentoo that a union df counsels and
operations, the want of which has" hitherto been.
of 'au much injury to thellreeks, might now, be
calculated on. Upon. the whole, though their
wants were :many, yet they bore up with courage
and determination. We cannot let slip this ot*.
'portunity of expressingoursetisfactiOn Wilful that
the'exertions of 1141 Greeks have at last seendogly
established them in the fairour of all parties in this'
country. We may say that, a very short time ago,
we stood nearly' alone when we pointed to
Greece as a country, capable, from its situation
and the qualities of its indegenous population, of
becoming a valuable auxiliary to this country,
and a barrier against Russian encroachment.—
Now this sentiment is echoed from one end of
the island to the.other ; and it is difficult to dis-
tinguish between the 'engage of th. Ministerial
and Opposition Journals, when speaking of the
CI reeks.

rNEW tIMESI
We have received Letters and Papers from
Cape Coast Castle to. the 15th of April. The
Owen Glendower, Driver,' and Gyre:le,• had re-
cently arrived there. Sir Charles MiCarthy,-the
active and able Governor of the British :terri-
tories on the western coast of Afrieaf embarked
on the 14th on board the Owen Glendower. for
Acura. At his departure the inhabitants crowded
to the shore, to testify their attachment to One
who,. by his equitable and paternal government,
had endeared himself to all classes subject to his
command. On the 13th of lnst December his
Excellency landed at Cape Coast Castle from
Sierra Leone. A. few weeks after his arrival
he attended the opening of an excellent new
road, which had been cut from Cape Coast to,
Annamaboe, over woody mountains and plains
heretofore almost impassable. This and every
other improvement of the country, Sir Charles hat'
zealously prompted. It is indeed gratifying to
observe a British Governor so indefatigable in
spreading Christian knowledge and the arts
:Used life through regions involved in Pagan super.
stition and barbarous ignorance. Schoills on the
system of Dr. Bell have been established at all
the Settlements, and the Native Chiefs eagerly
avail themselves of these means to have their
children taught our language and arts. At-the
examination of the scholars the Governor was
present, and found. their progress in reading and
writing gnglish to be really surprising. The na-
tive towns near Cape Coast am- much improv-
ed : a market, a novelty to the Africans, was
opened. British jurisprudence was gradually
ietroduced, and native troops were organized.
under English Officers for the defence of the
Settlement. This last measure appears .to have
had no small effect in deterring the Kitig of the
A shantes, a most barbarous tyrant and plunderer,
from a meditated attack on Cape Coast, The'
Fautees and other tribes in the neighbourhood
begin to look up to us for protection ; and
though the policy pursued by Sir Charles Mac-
arthy was eminently conciliatory, yet it appears
that the spirit which he displayed in resenting
a violation of our territory by the King of
Ashantee, had made the latter speedily desist
from his menaced invasion.—The Slave Trade,
we regret to find, was still carried on with hate-,‘
ful activity both by Portuguese and French yes.
sets. Until that bloody traffic is declared, by the
common consent of nations, •to be piracy, no ef-
fectual means can be found for its entire suppres-
tion.

[MORNING HERALD,]
It is now near forty years mince the starting of
the question of abolishing the-Slave Trade--20 of
these years were consumed in a ceaseless

struggle to procure a sentence of condemnation
from Parliament upon this inhuman crime—
and the remaining period, up to the present
time, has been applied to the means of giving
effect to the law of abolition. The exertions for
this latter purpose have not been, proportionately
successful—Avarice and rapacity have dared the
penalties of the law, and it has been doubted
whether the horrible cruelties resulting from a
clandestine traffic have not counterbalanced the
check given to it by the act of abolition. Bat, of
late, a new subject of legislation has forced itself
on the ptiblic notice—a new picture of the horrors
of slavery; more reiolting; if possible, than the
agony of being dragged away from all the
objects which nature or affection, or preju-
dice, have made dear to the heart, and being
consigned on the ocean', to torture, disease, death
—lt is the horrible treatment slaves receiie in
most, if not all the British West India Colonies.
Vire yesterday gave a specimen, in an extract
from a correspondence received by the Colonial
Secretary, from Honduras. What scenes of dis-
gustful atrocity I.—of human nature degraded,—
in the sufferer and the tormentor! It may
be supposed that those stated are cases of
exception—or that this system of brutal
cruelty is confined to some only of the
lesser settlements of inferior` wealth and civi-
lization. It is not,•liewever, the fact—infarma-
tion of the condition of slaves in the principal
colonies has recently 'inured in upon the public,
by means of the African Institution and other
similar associations, who, have communicated the
correspondence of missionaries and other agents
who bad been sent out from this country. The
planters, or persons in' their interest, have had the
effrontery to assert that cruelty to Negro Slaves
was unknown in the larger and wealthier islands.
But how doei the fact turn Out ? According to
several recent publications appearing' under the
auspices of the associations to which we have al-
luded, and written by eye-witnesses,- Jamaica it-
self exhibits to the European observer, in the gene.'
rat, a shameless,correptiand inhumanly cruel cotf,'
mtmity. We are unwilling to particularize from
these Works Any extracts by way of
,etatnple,'
merely becau§e the passages-calculated tOsfamp
the character of the system would be too shock--
nig for quotation. It is hard to'say.whether the
scenes related exhibit'the sons of Europe' there;
more brutal In their cruelty to negroes',.or
their owtrprofligacy. It is true' that some,Par-
liametitary enactments belie been mhde to check
this aboinitrationantr that the Mine Depart-
ment' has also' used means and' endeavours for the
same purpose,• which' have" net come proininently,
before, the public--but hitherto With little or no
effect. ger does it appear that any real improve:
meet can. be effected by tbesd'

r 1 ITz Is raiss.l
The Aforsiteur gives us a bulletin' from' Marshal'
Moncey—not containing an account of splendid
achievements by that Generel, but, merely aft•
flouncing his Intention. to' besiege Barcelona, and
giving note of the prepar'atioiA made for that
purpose. From the style of the FrenclvGenera4
however, it,is tolerably clear' that he does not
think lightly of the undertaking. Atcording to.
this bulletin, the place was to have been inVested
on the 10th snot.; but we are happy to find it
acknowledged by Moncey, that he will be op.
posed by thevorps of thn two Spanish Generals,
Milaus and Llobera, who'lere stationed in COM*
mending positions' near the cityi with a force
amounting (even by the French' account) to /WO
men. The Paris Papers have stioften amused us
with the threatened investment flf Barcelona, and
the enterprize has been so lung delayed,',that our
hopes are certainly strung when we look to that
quarter of the Peninsula. Neither is there any
thing to discourage us in other directions. The
war not soon terminating, hue,
ed the Duke d'Angouleme to
think of returning to France. This is consider-
it i s probability
reported,
itnfiden c
consider-
ed the more probable, from the circumstance of
Marshal J.auriston having proceeded to join the
ertny in Spain. A letter from Bayonne, dated
the 7th instant, states that the Marshal was at
that place on the Pith, and reviewed a regiment,
which was on its way to the seat of war. The
French ministerial journals have lately amused
their readers with statements of the deplorable
situation of Cadiz ; amongst other accounts, we
were told that the garrison was in a most dig-
tressed state for want of provisions. Information,
however, which may be relied on, has been re-
ceived within these few days, from which
we learn
that, so far from the tosin
being distressed, it was well victualled, and
quite prepared for a vigorous and determined
defence. The Guerilla chiefs, it would seem,
are extremely active in their harassing mode of
warfare;
whilst Ballasteros, on his part, with a
considerable force, is successfully extending his
field of exertion. After the reported declara-
tions in the French official Bulletins, that all the
boasted success of their arms had been obtained
with a trifling sacrifice, it is rather an awkward
truth for them to learn, that. their army has been
thinned of at least ten thousand men since its
invasion of Spain. There is another report in
the Bayonne Papers, that Morillo, when he learnt
that Ferdinand was restored to his authority
at Cadiz, had resumed offensive operations, and
publicly declared his fir n determination to tie.
fend the Constitutionel system. However this
ratty be, it is not a little singular, that the French
Journals of Mendes, are , totally silent on the
proceedings of Morillo, and give us no news what-
ever from Gallicia. We noticed yesterday the
want of &rich information ; 'and we cannot
but think that the French Ministry know a little
snore of the events in the quarter alluded to,
than they are disposed to snake public. An-
other matter of congratulation is) that the French
have not yet obtained possession of the strong
places in the Peeinsula ; and the last accounts
inform us, that the garrison of Ciudad Rodrigo
made frequent and successful excursioug, which
the besiegers were unable to prevent. From the
general aspect of affairs, therefore, we congratu-
late our readers on the prospect of a success-
ful "shinniee being made against one of the
foulest aggressions that ever disgraced a civilized
nation.
