strict ions :—viz.

1. The. leaves of absence granted under this order to offi-
cers may commence as soon as the half-yearly inspections shall
have been made. The furloughs granted to non-commissioned
officers and soldier may commence from the 25th of the pre-

sent month.
2. These indulgences are to terminate on the 10th March
next, when, in conformity to his Majesty's regulations, all
officers and men are to b' present with their respective re-

gitnenta.
3. One Field Officer, one-half of the Captains, and one-
half of the Subaltern Officers, are alwayky) be present with

their regiments.
4. No officer (except in the performance of duty, or for
the pOrposo of joining Zia regiment) is to quit the United
Kingdom without having first received his Majesty's special

permission.
6. The officers employed on the Recruiting Service, cr upon
the Stair of the Army, are not to be included in the number
hereby fixed for the constant duty of the regiment or battalion.
6. The applications tor leave for Regimental Paymasters,
and Medical Officers, are to continue to be made in the mode
prescribed in pages 72 and 73 of the General Regulations of
the Army.
7. In case of short leaves of absence being requested by Ad-
jutants, Riding-masters, Quarter-masters, or Veterinary Sur-
geons of regiments, it will be necessary that a special Report
should be made as to the mode in which their duties are to be
performed during their absence.
B. The proprtion. of Non-commissioned Officers, Trum-
peters, Drummers, and private men, to whom furloughs may
be granted, is not to exceo ten per trod or company.
In the event of regiments, or battalions, not being stationed
in garrisons, or in military districts, the 'Officers coMmanding
are atliberty to use their discretion in granting the indulgence
of leave a absence, under the foryg4ing restrictions, to the offi-
cers and men under their coimpand.
This Order does not apply to the officers and men doing duty
at the flepnts of regiments on foreign service.
By Command ni; his Royal Highness
The Commander-in-Chief,
HENRY TORRENS, Adjutant-General.

OFFICIAL MILITARY RECORD
OF LIIUT.-GEN'FILAL WILLIAM WYNYAUD,
Late Colonel of the sth Regim'cnt of Root.
The Officer was appointed on the 23d November; 1775, to
an Ensighcy ; and on the 12th June, 1777, to an LieaenantcY,,
in the 64th (2d Staffordshire) Regiment of Foot.
Early in the year 1776 he embarked for America, and served
in north America, South Carolina, and the' West Indies, until
1783: During four years of the above period he served in the
Light Infantry, under the command of Colonels Abercrombie,
Maitland, and Thomas Dundaa.
-Ile did duty with the rifle party formed from the afferent
companies, afterwards with the mounted detachment, and as
Adjutant to the 2d battalion.
He was severely wounded in the battle of Brandywine ;
served at the siege Qf Charlestown, and 'Was in all the actions
in which the corps was engaged.
He was appointed Brigade Major in September 1780, and
served in that capacity it ith Generals Leslie, O'Hara, and Le-
land, in New York, South Carolina, and the West Indies, till
Suly 1733, when he was placed on half-pay.
He was appointed, on the 3d March 1782, to a company. in
the 74th Regiment of Foot, and advanced, in 1787, from. half-.
Pay to a full company in the 41st Reginient. •
On the 13th October, 1790, he was appointed Lieutenant and
Adjutant in the Colstream Guards, and served as such iti
Flanders from February, 1793, till April 179:5, when he suc-
ceeded to a company in the same Regiment, with the rank of
Lieutenant-Colonel.
Ile was present at the sieges of Valenciennes and Landrecy—
at the battles of St. Amazed, Famari, Lincelles, Dunkirk, Co-
teau, Tournay,, &c. He acted as Aide-de-Camp to his Royal
Highness the Dukepf York, and officiated as Judge-Advac,atte
,
to the British Army.
In the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel he served as Brigade
Major-General in the South West District, from June, 1795,
till January, 1799, when he was appointed Deputy Adjulatit-
General ; and While serving in that capacity did duty as Quar-
termaster-General, during the absence in -Holland of Lieut..:
General Sir David Dundas, and held, at the same time, the
command of the 'second battalion of the Coldstream Guards.
He received the brevet of Colonel on the 2d April, 1802—
wa's appointed Colonel of the Royal West India Rangera on
the'2sth October, 1806—Major-General, 25th October, 1809—
Colonel of the sth Regiment of Foot on the 7th November;
1812—and Lieutenant-General, on the 4th Jime, 1814.

, -
General Sir 11. Johnson, Bart., G.C.8., has succeeded to the
Colonelcy of the sth (or Northumberland) Regiment of Foot.
The whole of the 13th Regiment of Foot are now arrived at
Chatham; the garrison at present consists of near 5,00 ft men.---
(Kentish Gazette.)

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE,

PARIS', QcT. 7.—At present. England seems no,
longer in any. doubt as to her situation. The
diplomatic deference she has always received,,
has deluded her op the evident loss, of her Con-
tinental influence. She is now awake, and is,
astonished at the things which exist, as if the po-
litical system she has follovr,ed' since 180..5 was
not the principal cause. This is perfectly well.
explained in a pamphlet, entitled, la force
des chores Considerations Polltiques adresske,s au.
congres de Verone," The author throws a pe-
netrating glance over the present situation of the
Continent of Europe. He exillains the cause of
it with sagacity, and spews what England Ought
to have done to prevent the evident superiority
of a power whose invariable policy for above-a
century•has profited by every event.•
expect, the results of the approaching
Congress with that interest a complicated drama
inspires when it is nearly concluded.—We seek,
by examining facts,. for every thing which can
enlighten us.as to, the termination. The conduct
of England is at i)res,ent a matter of great curi-
osity, and serious deductions are drawn from the
smallest circumstance. Thus, the gradual rise
of the Spanish loan for some days past, caused by
the multiplied demands and the concurrence of
English capitalists, has not escaped observation,
and which is thought to indicate a new plan of
Continental policy adopted by Great Britain.
It is certain that if one Power is permitted to

interfere with the interior Government of the
other States of Europe, to, dictate their laws and.
measures similar to those which have taken place

in some parts of ermany, these states cannot be
either independent or dignified.. :With whatever
pretext this humiliation may be covered, such a.,
power must rule over every other, and the idea,,

hitherto only a chimera 9f a universal Dic-
tatorship, will be realised.- There are some po-
litical rights of which a State cannot be deprived
without avowing its dependence ; such is the
right to regulate according to the nature of its
own institutions every thing which relates to its,
interior Government. This constitutes the most
essential point•of Sovereignty, and guarantees the
rights of citizens.—(Le Constitutionnel.)
e learn from Bayonne, under date, October 1,
that there will arrive, and it is said the Munici-,
pality has. been informed of it, 20,000 troops to
reinforce the Army of Observation. In a fortnight
the staff of the division, and all the autttorlljes., are.
expected here. The greatest activity prevails in,
our arsenal,
Two vessels have entered the port loaded with;
ammunition, whipb, are discharging as fast as,
possible.
At present the Lazaret of Behobie is shut.—.
The entry into France is_ free ; our connuerce,,
which laßguished very 'Ruch, begin_rN to, resume
activity.
The Ruched' riquitaine repor.ts,that the Austrian,
Consul at Vittoria had been arrested,as an enemy
of the Constitutional system.
The two officers stated to have been arrested
a few days since in. Paris are Colonels .Deutzel
and Fabvier,. who'had rec.eittly returned from
i;ngland,
M. Marchangy is appointed Advocate Genaral•
to the Court of Cessation in the room of M. Hua,
promoted, to the Bench of the same Court ; and
M. Broe. succeeds M., Marchangy as Advocate.
General of the Cour Royale.
Our Correspondent at Aix-la-Chapelle has,
transmitted us a Letter, which he has received,
from Vienna, in which there is the following
passage :
" Motives of the greatest importance have induced the Em-
peror of Russia to suspend his departure until the 4th October
It is presumed that this regards the affairs of Turkey, since his_
Imperial Majesty is desirous befoie his, final departure for
'Verona, of' conferring With 'he Duke of Wellington and the,
British Ambassador at the Porte, Lord Strangfortf, who arrived
in the Austrian capital on the 27th September."—( Journal de,
)
The Journal of the Lower Rhine gives the fol..
lowing details concerning the execution of Col.
Carcti
Colonel Caron, who was unanimously, condemned to death
for the crime 'of embaucitagf, by the first Permanent council of
war of this.division, the judgment of which was likewise unani-
mously confirmed by' the council of revision, was executed at,
two o'clock in the afternoon, in the. presence of a small detach-
ment of the garrison, and a numerous concourse of people who
were attracted by-curiosity. The Abbe Schittig zealously ad-
ministered' to him ,the consolations of religion, which he re-
ceived with humility, and he died with the coarage of a Chris-
tian and an old soldier. Caron was alone in a carriage, amidst
the retinue which conducted him to the place of execution. At
the entrance of the horn-work, Called Finkinaft, where the exe,
cutian took place, he 'alighted from the carriage without the as-
sistance of the driver. On- atriving in front of the 12 men who
were to be his .executioners; he refused to have his eyes ban-
daged. With his hat on, he himself gave the signal. Inune-,
diately the muskets were fired, and Caron NV,f3 no more.,"

AFFAIRS OF GREECE.
EXTRACT QF A PRIVATE LETTER:"
" Vrachori ( Etolia ), Auk. 24.
" in spite of the superiority in number of our enemies, and:
the persecution of thoie who ought to assist us, our cause
triumphs, and the bravery and good will of our own troops have
been sufficient for every thing. 'Three victories -which they have
successively gained have destroyed the general plan of attack
contemplated by the Turks, and ruined their army.
" This plan, traced by a masterly hand, was communicated
to. the Turks by some officious friends, whom itis not diffieult
to discover. The. Seraskier of Romelia, charged with its exe-
cution, was to attack Greece at the head of a large army
pit three different points, while the- fleet favoured the opera-
tions on shore, to strike terror by a strong and general blow,
and by several simultaneous and well-cembined attacks, to
offer an amnesty in the first moment 'of confusion, and 'to stifle
the insurrection in a short time by a deceitful policy, seconded
by force of !wins : such was the aim proposed.
" The Greeks, to whom these details were known, took
their measures in conseqtience. Vrachori, capital of Etolia,
principally attracted their attention. This town is situated near
the site of Thermus, the ancient capital of this province, and
the Etoliang always concentrated their forces there in case of
invasion, to repair their losses, observe the movement of the

In the news which we gave the last month, we have ar-
flounced successively the advantages obtained by the Greeks..--:.
Later news published by other Journals-have confirmed the re-
port of these advantages. The present letter, written on the spot,
contains some exact and circumstantial details.—( Note If the
Editor of the Constitutionnel.)

es►emy, and to ch.2ck on a sudlen his excursions. The Roman
bridge of 366 arches, placed in the middle of the lakes to the
west and south of Vrachori, was put in a state of defence, as
well as the citadel of Angelocastron. A sufficient corps of
Guerillas was immediately sent to the inaccessible barriers of
Mount Panaetolicon, while the greater part of the army was
directed towards the passage of Stratos, between Machalas and
Lepenas. After this disposition of the forces which rendered
Etc-lia impregnable, Maurocordato transmitted the necessary
instructions to General Nicetas, who commanded at the Ther-
rnopylms, and he repaired to Stratos.
" The Acarnanians, on their part, firmly resolved to van-
quish or perish, burnt several of their towns and villages of
easy access, in order to leave no place of refuge to the enemy,
and repaired to Macrynoros to defend their frontiers.
•' On 'the 10th July, Chourschid Pacha, conformably to
the plan., divided his forces at Larissa in two unequal corps.—
One corps, about -10,000 men, was commanded by Hassan
Pacha. This bold Commander had promised, on pain of losing
his head, Ito make a passage for himself across the mountains of
Agrapha, to penetrate into Acarnamia, and promote the entry
there of the Pacha of Arta. This second Commander was to
force the pass of Masrynoros, join Hassan Pacha, and then to
penetrate with him into Etola to subdue it.
" Chourschid Pacha, at the head of the larger part of his
army, arrived on the 16th July at Zeitouni. On the 28th, he
attacked the Thermoplym ; the battle took place at the pass of
Phontana. The General of the Turks, so fertile in perfidious
stratagems, took no part in the contest, which he observed from a
.distance. His army was attacked in front and on the right flank,
and broke in more than one place. The most terrible carnage pre-
ceded the rout of the Turks. Odysseus and Contoyanne par-
ticularly distinguished themselves on this day. The first re-
paired with a thousand acts of bravery the wrongs which he
had been driven to commit by his too violent temper.
" Chourschid Pacha, after his defeat, was pursued to the op-
posite extremity of Trachis, where a great number of his sol-
diers also perished. Night put an end to the pursuit.
" At the same-time -Hassan Pacha had penetrated to Agra-
pha. The two Greek Chiefs, Alexis and Humare, who occu-
pied this country, had perceived the blind confidence of this
rash enemy ; in order to entangle him the better, they re-
-treated as far as the bridge of Coracos, vulgarly called Tu-
taraina. This bridge, the work of the Romans, is the only one
one which keeps up the communication between Thessaly, Etolia,
and Acarnania. Marcos Bozaris, setting out from the latter
country, arrived at the same point one day before Hassan
Pacha.

" At the sight of the bridge of Coracos a sentiment of horror
prevailed in the mind .of this Souliet General: it was before
this bridge that his father, Christos Ilozaris, reposing on the
'faith of treaties, was attacked at his passing over with his fami-
ly, by 13,000 Mahomedans. After the most heroic resistance,
300 Souliots perished, end 200 women, pressing their infants
to their bosoms, threw themselves from the rocks into the
waters of the Achelous, to escape slavery.
" Marcos, deeply penetrated by this sorrowful recollection,
exposed to his troops, in a pathetic recital, all the horror of the
,crime, and excited his companions in arms to take a brilliant
and lawful vengeance.

• " ,The manes," said he, " of the 300 brave men who perished
here, the spirits. of the women are still wandering on these
.socks—an expiatory sacrifice of these barbarians' may appease
them. Soldiers, we owe this to those martyrs of liberty, and we
,will offer it to-morrow•!" The troops replied by a general cry
of enthusiasm. Measures were then taken not to allow any
opening to the enemy.

" On the next day, at the arrival of Hassan Puha, the noise
the first firing was heard; the troops lying in ambush, ran
together from all parts, and after several rounds, they attacked
the Turks sword in hand- The enemy sought a place of re-
treat in vain. 'With the exception of about 500 men, the
corps of Hassan perished before the bridge. A small number
surrendered at discretion.

" Such was the end of this great `Ottoman army. (This is
the name by which it was designated by the Turks. The
advanced guard only of.this army passed on the 4th of July, into
,Livadia, while Chourschid was still at Larissa. It had arrived at
Zeitouni in the month of June, and had profited by a mo-
, meat of confusion occasioned by some private quarrels of
£Odysseus, to penetrate by, a roundabout way ; but attacked in
the Peloponnesus, it was there destroyed, and thus corn-
_pl^,ted the destruction of. the army of Chourschid Pacha, which
tri ved on the three points of Thermopylw, Coracos, and. Corin-
thia. Of all this army, amounting to 45,000 or 50,000 men,
the Seraskier has only saved 6,000, who -have retreated with
- him to Larissa.

" The Pacha of Aria, deceivedin his expectations of assistance
.from Hassan, resOlved to attack Acarnania by sea. On the
9th August he effected a landing in the Gulf of Ainbracia by
Loutraki. He was repulsed the same day with considerable
loss by the Chiliarque, Zonga. A great number of his soldiers
were drowned in re-embarking for Arta.
" A division of the Turkish fleet at the same time disembarked
another corps near the port of Candila, opposite the island of St.
Maura. This corps was to unite with the Pacha of Arta, and
advanced as far as the valley or Varnaco. It was there attacked
by John Varnakoste, who defeated it entirely, and .pursued it
to the port, where it re-embarked, after losing. a third of its
numbers.

" Civil war is kindled in Albania. Omer Paella wishes to
establish his nephew at Beret, as Pacha of Middle Albania. A
great majority of the inhabitants, who hate him, have asked for
• the son of Ibrahani Pacha. The two parties have already come
to blOws."—(Le Conetitutionnel.)

,AuGsnuaG, Om I.—We learn from Semlin
that Chourschid Paella is still sick at Larissa.
lie has saved but few Turks from the Morea ex-
pedition ; but still great dangers menace Greece.
The Porte, certain of remaining at peace with
Foreign powers, ie sending the greater part of her
'troops from the Danube to Thessaly. In Mol-
davia and Wallachia there are no more Turks
than sufficient to keep the 'provinces in respect
and exhaust them.

All the news from Misselonghi, Argos, Salona,
. and Cerigo, confirm the defeat of Chourschid
;Dacha a( Thermopylw, The
,Souliots fought like
4ions. Many of the A lbanians, disgusted by the
result Of.the battle, have abandoned the Turks
,to return to their country. A vessel from Cepha.•
lonia reports that the Greek fleet were seen in
the waters of Zante to the amount of WO sail.
[EXTRACTOF A PRIVATE LE'l"/Ell.l
" Stuttgart!, Sept. 30.
" Throughout Germany the people occupy themselves very
much with the Congress, and many such contradictory reports
.are heard concerning it, that it is very useless to repeat them.
But it will.perhaps not be uninteresting to you to hear the frag-
.ments of a letter on the principal objects to be treated of in the
Congress, written by a most distinguished and well informed
an.

" To appreciate every•tiling which regards the future rela-
tions of the Porte with the Great Powers, it is necessary not to
lose sight of that general system on which they act, and which
%is founded on the preservation of the peace of Europe. The con-
sequences which follow and ought to follow from this principle
will be easily perceived.
" Italy and Spain will also certiinly occupy the attention of
the Congress. With regard to the former, measures will he
taken to secure and confirm the state of peace ; and this it is
'hoped may be done by a Confederative League and by laws for
:organization. As to the latter, the aim which they have in
.is to restore her to peace. It appears certain, therefore,

* Thus we see that the report which the Journal of Tou-
louse and private letters have giver of the great victory of
Baron d'Erolles over Mina at Benarrari, where Colonel Ta-
buenca was said to be taken with his artillery, &c., is and must
be false, since this Chief of the Patriots was beat on the same
day at a considerable distance from the scene of his pretended
victory.
