'4

LONDON, FRIDAY EVENING, JUNE 13, 1828.

NOTICE is hereby given, that an Extra-
ordinary GENERAL MEETING of the PRO-
PRIETORS of the PACIFIC PEARL FISHERY
COMPANY will be held at the Office of the said Com-
pany, No. lOilf, King's Arms Yard, Coleman-street, on
FRIDAY., the 27th June inst., at'Twelve for One o'clock,
to take into consideration a Resolution of the Proprietors
assembled in an Extraordinary General Meeting held this
day, which Resolution is as follows :—" That it is expe-
dient to dissolve the said Company, and that the same be,
pursuant to the 96th Section of the Deed of Settlement,
forthwith dissolved.
King's Arms Yard, June 11, 1828.

This day, in Svo.,

A LETTER to the Right Rev. the LORD
BISHOP of ROCHESTER,
By the Right Hon. R. WILMO'!' NORTON, M.P.,
In explanation of his " Suggestion of Protestant Se-
curities."

London : Printed for John Murray, Albemlrle-street.

This day was published in 4t0., 21. 2s.

NARRATIVE of an ATTEMPT to reach
11 the NORTH POLE, by means of TRAVELLING
OVER THE ICE in SLEDGE BOATS, in the year 18.27.
I By Captain W. E. PARRY, R.N., F.R.S., &c.,
Commander of the Expedition.
Printed for John Murray, Albemarle-street.

This day wa4 publi3hed in Soo. price 6s. boards,

AVIEW of the MONEY SYSTEM of
ENGLAND, from the CONQUEST : with propo-
sals for establishing a secure and equable Credit Currency.
By JAMES TAYLOR.

London : Printed for John Taylor, Bookseller and Pub •
Haber to the University of London, 30, Upper Gower-
street ; and sold by J. Duncan, Paternoster-row ; Hessey,
Fleet •street ; and Hatchard and Son, Piccadilly.

AUTHOR OF WAVERLEY'S NEW NOVEL.
On Friday, June 20, will be published,3 vols. 1/. lls. 6d.

A SECOND EDITION OF

ST. VALENTINE'S DAY ; or, The
FAIR MAID of PERTH.

By the " AUTHOR OF WAVERLEY."
Printed for Cadell and Co. Edinburgh ; and Simpkin and
Marshall, London.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'Cluck.

TBE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

At the Court at St. James's, the 11th day of June 1828,

rRESENT,
The King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council,

His Majesty in Council was this day pleased to appoint
the Right Honourable William Fitzgerald Vesey Fitzgerald,
President of the Committee of Council appointed for the
consideration of all matters relating to Trade and Foreign
Plantations.

Crown Office, June 13.

26, at four, 27, and July 25, at eleven, at the Castle lun,
Tatuw&th, Warwick. Hicks and Braikenridge, Bartlett's-
buildings, Holborn ; and Nevil, Tamworth.._

William Booth, 14iyerpool, boot-factor, July 7,8, and
25, at one, at the Ml',olon-buildings, Liverpool. Taylor,
Clement's-inn, Londoi * and Whitehead, Liverpool.
An Samuel Fagg, St. drew's-hill, Doctors' Commons,
builder, June 17, 27, Slily 25, at nine, at the Court of
Commissioners. Stratton and Overton, Shoreditc.h.

Wm. Richards; Williams-court, Southwark, measure-
maker, June 1:4, at twelve, July 4, at eleven, and 25, at
twelve, at the Court of Comissioncrs. 111eymott and Son,
Great Surrey-street.
James Salusbury, Liverpool, tobacco-manufaturerer,
June 23, 25, and July 25, at two, at the Clarendon-
buildings, Liverpool. Kearsay, Lothbury ; Williamson,
Liverpool.
James Taverner, Huddersfield, innkeeper, July 1, at
six, 2, at eleven, at the White Hart Inn, Huddersfield,
and 25, at eleven, at the Castle of Yqk. Wigglesworth
and Ridsdale, Gray's-inn-square ; Thompson, Stansfeld,
and Thomson, Halifax.

I MPERIAL PARLIAMENT

(THIS EVENING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his scat at ten
minutes past five o'clock.
Sir A. GRANT and others brought up a copy of
the Report made by the Select Committee appointed
in the Sessions of 1824, to take into consideration
the Salmon Fisheries of Scotland, and the United
Ringdom. Also the appropriation Bill for applying
the Surplus of the Ways and Means for 1828. ,
Lord DE DUNSTANVILLE presented a peti-
tion against Slavery.
Lord MAYNARD presented a petition from the
Colchester Agricultural Association against tin: pro-
posed scale of duty on the Importation of Foreig❑
Corn.

Lord BROWNLOW presented a petition from
Lincoln, for the repeal of the Bill restricting the cir-
culation of Small Notes.

Lord DUNCAN presented a petition from the
Gentry, Ship-owners, Merchants, Owners of Land
and occupiers of Dundee, against the pro-
posed scale of duty on the importation of
foreign corn. The petitioners objected to this Bill
on account of the very high rate of duty proposed
and prayed their Lordships to adopt a fixed scale of
duty. In these sentiments the Noble Lord con-
curred. He objected in toto to the graduated scale.
The only mode of giving satisfaction to the community
at large on this subject, was to adopt a fixed scale
at an infinitely lower rate.
Lord EXETER presented a petition from the
owners and occupiers of land of various parishes in
Lincoln to the same effect.

The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition
from the owners and occupiers of land, in Sussex,
praying for protection against the enormous impor-
tation of foreign wool. The Noble Lord subse-
quently moved that this petition be referred to the
select Committee.

Lord KING presented a petition from the Pro-
testant Dissenters of Honiton, Devon, thanking their
Lordships for the measuure they had passed in re-
lieving the Protestant Dissenters from the disabi-
lities under which they laboured, and praying their
Lordships to pas a similar Act with respect to the
Roman Catholics, and thereby put an end to all re-
ligious animosities.--(Leughter.)
The Marquis of BUTE presented a petition
from Neath, Glamorganshire, against Slavery.
upon the motion of Earl SHAFTESBURY,
the Covent-gardent Market Improvement Bill was
reads third time-

Lord ROSEBERRY moved that the House be
summoned for Monday next, upon his motion re-
specting the Scotch Settlement Bill.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented peti-
tions from the manufacturers and workmen of Berks,
for the diminution of taxation on the Importation
of Foreign Corn. Also a petition from the Owners
and Occupiers of Land in Lincoln, for protection on
British wool. Also a petition from South Shields,
against Slavery. Also petitions from Monkwear-
mouth and Kingsbridge, Devonshire, to the same
effect.

(Left sitting.)

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

As soon as the SPEAKER took the Chair, the Right
Hon. T. P. COURTENAY took the oaths and his seat,
upon his re-election after accepting the office of
Vice-President of the Board Trade.

Lord G. LENOX presented a petitio►► from the
Surgeons of Chichester, praying that facilities might
be afforded to the Study of Anatomy.
Mr. WOODHOUSE presented petitions from
places in Caernarvon, praying for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. BENETT presented a similar petition from
the inhabitants of Warminster.

Mr. LOCK presented a petition front the Mer-
chants, Agriculturists, and other inhabitants of
Axminster, in favour of the circulation of small notes.
Mr. H. SMITH presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Colchester and its vicinity, praying
for the Abolition of Slavery.
Sir R. VIVIAN presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Callington, against any further con-
cession to the Catholics.

Sir R. VIVIAN also presented a petition from
the same place, praying for a tax on the importation
of foreign wool.

Sir H. PARNELL moved for a return of copies
of the memorials from the Commissioners of the
Shrewsbury and Holyhead Roads, relative to the
establishment of the steam packets from the latter
place to Dublin.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition from the
merchants and inhabitants of Whitby, in favour of
the circulation of small notes.

Mr. LIDDEL presented a petition from the Iron-
masters and Colliers of Notttingham and Derby in
favour of the issue of Small Notes.
Lord ALTHORP said, that owing to the late-
ness of the Session he fell it necessary to postpone,
until next year, the furtbeeprogress of the freholders'
registration Bill, and here moved, that the Bill be
committed this day three months.—Agreed to.
Lord \V. POULETT presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Chester-le-Street, in favour of the
circulation of Small Notes. Also, a similar petition
from the inhabitants of South Shields.

gn Wool.
Alir. Alderman
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition
from the inhabitants of Lenham, in Kent, praying
for a protecting duty on Wool. Also, a petition
Foreign
from the inhabitants of the same town, praying for
a further protection against the importation of
WA ITHMAN presented a petition
from the inhabitants of Smithfield, praying that the
Market might not be removed from its present site.
Sir R. WILSON said, that the butchers them-
selves had complained that the Market was not large
enough.
Sir C. BURRELL said, that the Market for
cattle was much wanted at the West End of the
town, as much for the convenience of the in-
habitants, as for the safety of the public : if a market
were thus established, at the West End, it would
prevent the necessity of having cattle driven through
the streets to the great terror and peril of women
and children.

Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN always felt that it
was necessary the Market should be enlarged.—The
