I.7l'.—June 14

COAL NI A It
Adair's 293.6,1.
Beaumont.----.*— 27 6
Bensham Main --- 29 0
East Percy-----^' `2B 0
olywell. 30 0
Newburn no 0
Ord's lletilnigh 27 0
[`maw °) 0

Pontop Windsor-- 2,i 9
Tanlield 29 6
Tanfield 2i) 6
28 0
Wylam :JO 9
Walls End Bell and Co. 32 3
Ditto Bell llollson & Co. 31 9
Ditto Brown's unscr...... 31 6
Ditto Burraton 31 6
Ditto 29 0
Walls End Carr and Co. 29
Ditto Cranilington—..-- 27 6
Ditto 33 6
Ditto Hilda -- —. 30 9
Slips at market, 71—Ships

End Newmarch— 323.34.
Ditto 31 3
Ditto Northumberland 31 3
Ditto Perkins and Co.— 31 3
Ditto Russell's 34 0
Wal's End IlettoA 34 6
Walls End Stewart's 34 6
Russell's llc•tton's W.E 34 6

Walls End 'lces Co.— 31 6
Illundell's 34 6
Myth 26 0
Cowpen 3) 0
Culm Cox 28 0
Fordel 0
Hartley 32 0
55 0
Warde's Llanelly 33 0
Holywell Trader 30 0
Liddell's Trader......--- 27 0
Ellison small 2,1 0
Hebburn small 18 6

sold, 401,1—Unsold, 30%.

LITERATURE.—Among other novelties an-
nounced for immediate publication are the following :
The Oxonians, or a New Glance at Society, by the Au-
thor of the " R0u6.",--2. The Personal Memoirs of FRYSE
Goanox, Esq. who, it is well known, has seen much of
men and manners both at home and abroad during the last
half century.-3. Southennan, a novel, by Jones GALT,
Esq., the Author of " Lawrie Todd, or the Settlers in
the Woods," &e.—• 4. Travels to the Seat of War in the
East, through Russia and the Crimea in 1329, with
Sketches of the Imperial Fleet and Army, &c., by J. E.
ALEXANDER, K.L.S. 16th Lancers, M.R.A.S. &c.-5.
An octavo edition, considerably improved with numerous
illustrations of Travels in Sicily, Greece, and Albania, by
Rev. T. S. Hymns, B.D. of Emmanuel College, Cam-
bridge—and 6._Clarence, a Tale of Our Own Times.
INTREPIDITY OF NAPOLEON.--BONA-
PA RTE. was seen to encourage his troops and expose his
person fearlessly during the combat ; and Marshal Mx
CHER'S movement of his cavalry, which he led on himself,
was spoken of in the highest terms. NAPOLEON, who,
at this period, scarcely acted, in any instance, o❑ common
military calculation, drew up his army on the Ist of Fe-
bruary in two lines, on the great plain before La Rothiere,
occupying the villages, and neglecting much stronger
ground in his rear about Menne, evidently showing that
he meant to play a desperate game. lie led on la jeune
garde in person against Marshal BLUCHER'S army, to
wrest the village of La Rothiere from the gallant corps of
Sacken ; but three repeated efforts were ineffectual. All
agreed that the enemy fought with great intrepidity.
BONAPARTE seemed to have set his political existence on
a die, as he exposed himself everywhere: his horse was
shot under him, and he had the mortification of witnessing
the capture of a battery of guns in charge of la jeune
garde.—Lord Londonderry's Narrative of the War in
Germany and France. •

DARNLEY.—HUSBAND OF MARY QUEEN
OF SCOTS.—The person on whom the choice of MARY
fell was HENRY STUART, Lord Darnley, cleat
.son of
the Ertl of LgNNox, at this time an exile in Ertgrind.—
MATTnEw, the father of DARNLEY, was hi ,self the son
and successor of that. LEsszox, who was slain fighting
against the allied forces of LIA3uLToN and DOUGLAS, near
Kirkiiston, on the 4th of September, 1.526. Earl MAT-
THEW had been devotedly desirous of forwarding the pro-
posed match between EDwArto VI. and MARY, white the
latter was yet in infancy; and when the rest of the nobi-
lity entirely deserted what was called the English party,
he continued attached to his engagements with HENRY
VIM, and ratber.than renounce them fled to England,
under a certainty of being attaireted, aryl plac. d himself
under that Monarch's protection. HENRY. was grateful,
and did what he could to compensate Luxxox for the evils
of banishment, and the loss of his ScottiSh estates. Re
bestowed on the exiled Earl the fine manor of Temple
Newsome, near Leeds, and the hand of his own niece.—
This lady was daughter of King llENnv's sister MAR-
GARET, Queen Dowager of Scotiand, by her second hus-
, hand, the Earl of ANGUS, and was mother of the reigning
Queen MARY. It will be remembered that the Queen
Dowager was delivered of Lady MARGARET DOUGLAS
during the time that her husbated and she we re expelled
from Scotland. Lady MARGARET was, therefore, a native
Englishwounm,_,Dr, Lardner's Cabinet erlormiria•

BRITISH AND FOREIGN SCHOOL

SOCIETY.

• EDUCATION OF THE GREEKS.
On Wednesday last the 9th inst. a public meet-
ing of the Friends of the British and Foreign School
Society was held in the Exchange dining room,
Manchester. The company was numerous and
highly respectable. Mr. Henry Dunn, the Foreign
Secretary to the Institution, and the Rev. Ebenezer
Miller, a member of the Committee, attended as a
deputation ; and, with the Rev. Mr. Wilson, late
Missionary to Greece, communicated much interest-

ing information.
The Rev. Wet. MARSDEN having been called to
the chair, addressed the meeting to the following
effect. That it had been deemed proper to form an
auxiliary society to this useful institution in Man-
chester, and that the Secretaries of the Parent So-
ciety would state what were its principles, and what
it had already effected. Greece had for a long time
been enslaved, but had now a prospect of freedom,
and would be much benefited by Christian education.
The Rev. Mr. MILLER, in a verLeloquent speech,
advocated and explained the principles of the British
and Foreign Society. He trusted that all felt
thankful to God for the progress of education in
general. There had been sentiments broached

against instruction, but such as would not be tole-
rated now. It was at this time an acknowledged

principle that we ought to spread and disseminate
the principles of righteousness, morality, and peace.
That person who is the best subject of the King of
Heaven will undoubtedly be a good subject to his
earthly Sovereign. The Rev. Gentleman then
drew an affecting picture of a people, shrouded in
ignorance, and for want- of religious instruction
abandoned to crime. The voice of our most er,-

bghtened senators, the most patriotic persons exist-
ing, are favourable to the progress of education,
though there are persons who wish it to be carried
on to a limited extent. These persons suppose that
education will ultimately raise the lower classes too
high, and make them neglect to ensure the earning
of their bread by the sweat of their brow. He con-
tended that education did not promote idleness,
but rather was an excitement to industry. It
has been asserted that reading might prove
an evil, because people might peruse immoral and
irreligious books, but this was not a natural conse-
quence resulting from education. It was the
.igno-
rant and not the well instructed who suffered, who
were likely to suffer, by the errors of the Press. In
the progress of education other Miltons and New-
tons may arise, and those from the lower classes of
the community. The Rev. Gentleman highly
eulogised the memory of Mr. Raikes, of Gloucester,
with whom originated Sunday Schools in England,
who, of the many thousands educated in the
city of Gloucester, declared that not one had been
brought to a criminal bar. Of a million scholars
which had been educated in the Central School,
Southwark, not one had been brought before
Court of Justice. Men of education may be im-
moral and irreligious, but their vices do not arise
from education, but from their want of religious
knowledge, and that knowledge is to be obtained
from the Bible. The youthful mind should be in-
stilled with the knowledge of the word of God, and
placed in the path which leads to celestial bliss.—
The Bible should be introduced into all schools and
places of instruction. It was thus the education
given in the Borough School tended to enable the
pupils to fill stations in life with credit to themselves
and honour to their country. One great benefit
arising from this Central School was that of training
youths for the important (ace of teachers. The
greatest care was taken that none should be sent
forth to the world, but such as were of the right
stamp. The object of the Soc'ety, whose prin-
ciples he advocated, was religious instruction. Burt
he wished in particular to draw the attention of the
meeting to the state of education in Greece—a

country long the theatre of war, but which in ancient
times had given birth to philosophers, poets, and
heroes. We must feel for that nteresting land
which once %%aked the world from the slumbers of
barbarism: He earnestly exhorted the company
by their contributions to send the Scriptures and
education to Greece, where the people were impor-
tunate to receive the one and the other. But

teachers must be qualified and sent to Attica, and
this could not be done without pecuniary assistance.
At no distant period Greece, from her situation, as
exhibited in the map of Europe, ninst become im-
portant to the world. She looks to Britain for the
mean; of promoting her moral and religious advance-
She has been called a Christian nation, but

inept.

she has been demoralized by centuries of bondage
and slavery, but now that the people are compara-
tively free, religion and education will prosper.
Teachers were wanted, and they could not be ob-
tained without expet:ce. He looked forward tvith
perfect confidence to liberal support from the hilt:-
bit6nts of Manchester, who were always foremost in
the cause of benevolence and charity.
Mr. HENRY DUNN, from the Parent Society, then
addressed the meeting, and said that he supposed
the principles of the British and Foreign School
Society must be either unknown or misunderstood
in Manchester, as the. subscriptions from this town
were so liberal to the Bible Society and other insti-
tutions, and so little to the one which he came to
advocate. The object of the Society was to pro-
mote the daily instruction of the children of the
poor of every class and sect in the elementary
branches of education, end iu moral and religions
principles, so that the youth being trained up in the
love and fear of God, crime and misery may be di-
minished. In the sehoo's the Bible alone is used,
and that without notes or comment. The common
means of instruction being found too expensive, the
system either invented, improved, or adopted, by
Joseph Lancaster, has been introduced. Theobjects
of the Institution is to give education to all, and in
all chines. He then read an exthect from the Paris
Bible Society, which stated, that many depart-
ments in France might readily be furnished eiith
Bibles, but the people could not read. This sheaved
the necessity of furnishing more teachers. But the
object of the present meeting was to promote the
moral and religious character of Greece and the
Archipelago. This must be done by sending
out mote teachers. He was -glad to announce
that the teachers in general had not disap-
pointed the expectation of the Society. From such
persons who went out with the Bible in their hands,
and the love of God in their. hearts, much may be
hoped. By means of their exertions portionh of
Scripture, printed in a tabular form, were now read
nearly throughout the world. Dr. Pinnock had
made a very favourable report of the Society's
exertions among the Hottentots. Two schools have
been formed in that country, one consisting of 200
boys, and the other-of 150 girls. As he was past-
ing through the country 300. children ran up to the
side of his carriage, in order to thank him for that
• education which: had enabled them to read the Bible.
He found that education and morality :;apt pace in
that land. After eulogizing in general terms the
nature of eduCation when united with religious in,
struaion, he turned the attention of the comPany
part;cnlatly to,their importance in Gretna. Female
educationhadleen much nelcet;:d among the Hel-
lenists, insomuch that iChad been considered disc
honourable for a woman to be abk to write or even
read. He, in the course of his add' ess, read a very
interesting letter from a Greek girl; addressed to the
ladies of England, thanking them for famishing
• them with the means of instruction—enclosed in the
letter was a beautiful specimen of needle-work.
Much had been done for disseminating knowledge in
Greece, but not equal to her wants. We must lose
the present opportunity of peace. The Greeks, and
particularly Greek ladie:s, had sub,cribed largely to-
wards the advancement of the cerise which he was
now advocating. He then read a ',mg addressed
to the Secretary of the Society, tyr:eten by Count
Capo d'litrias, applying for teachers, and expressing
thankfulness for the Christian knowledge dilfte,
ing throughout his country. In Greece a child may
be educated for ss. per annum, and he trusted that an

Altai ,Society Would be established in Man.

chester.

SAMUEL FLETCIIEE, Esq., approved of the mo-
tives of the Society, and rejoiced at the strict scru-
tiny exercised over the teachers. He expressed
himself highly gratified by the information afforded
to the meeting.
The Rev. SAMUEL WILSON, Missionary (rows
Greece, said that in that country there was a great
want of Scriptural instruction. Education was
good in theory and excellent in practice, but it
must receive a right direction. The Rev. Gentle-
man then took a review of the ancient state or
Greece, when it was devoted to the worship of a
plurality of Gods. They were esteemed wise in
literature and the liberal arts, but were ignorant of
divine truths—insomuch that even Socrates, pro-
bably tile most enlightened man in his country, vet,
as the hour of death approached, ordered a sacrifice
to Esculapius. The morals of the people in
heathen times were bad, insomuch4hat they had no
word which signified virtue, except one that might be
interpreted as military hardihood, or a contempt of
death. As to humility, they had no word expressive
of it in a Christian sense; and the Apostles were
under the necessity, in addressing this people, to
substitute for it meanness! The Rev. Gentleman
then gave an interesting but fearful description
of idolatry and heathenism. He had personally wit-
nessed the moral degradation of modern Greece. But

the people hunger-and thirst after knowledge anti
religious instruction. In that country he had sold
to youths 1,100 religious tracts, and the Greek
sailors bought the Scriptures with avidity.. lie
earnestly entreated the company present to contri-
bute to the promulgation of the sacred writings by
assisting the progress of education. He here re-
lated the following anecdote of a Greek school-
master, who on seeing a New Testament, said he
did not like the Apostle Paul, for he, the school-
master was a native of Crete, and Paul had said
all Cretans are liars." Another passage-...-of
Scripture was shewn him, wherein David says," all
men are liars." The man was satisfied, and pur-
chased Bibles for himself and scholars. Malty very
interesting anecdotes followed which our limits for-
bid us to note, and the Rev. Gentleman concluded
by an earnest and effectual appeal to the audience to
support the Society by pecuniary supplies,
Dr. JOHNS briefly addressed the meeting in favour
of the Institution. He said that Greece resembled
the traveller mentioned in the Scriptures, who fell
among thieves and was robbed, wounded, and left
half dead. But Greece, he believed, would revive,
and notwithstanding the monarchs of Europe were
doing something for her, the British and Foreign
School Society might do more, send-
ing teachers and the Scriptures, for the schoolmaster
was abroad,

A Committee was then appointed to cooperate
with the Committee of the present Institution,,and
after a vote of thanks had been passed to the
Chairman, which was acknowledged In appropriate
terms, a collection WAS made, and tha company
highly satisfied with the proceedings of the meeting
separated, in c•:nfident expectation that when the
principles and practice of the British and Foreign
School Society shall be generally known, it will re-
cieve that patror.age which its pecuniary wants re-
quire, and its merits undoubtedly deserve.
There was a handsome collection made at the
close of the proceedings in aid of the funds of the
Society.

NEW PUBLICATIONS. -7—The following works
are published this day by Messrs. COLBURN and BEITLry,
New Burlington-street :-1. Personal Memoirs of PILYS.E
GORDON, Esq.-2. The Denounced, by the Author of
" The O'Hara Tales," " The Nowlans," " The Croppy,''
gze. —3. The Undying One, and other Poeme, by the
Hon. Mrs. NORTON, Authoress of "The Sorrows of
flo-alie"-1. Tales of a Tar, by the Author of " Th 2
Naval Sketch Book"--5. Buaaa's Official Kalendar for
1830-6. The English at Home, by the Author. of" The
English in Italy," Three Vols.-7. The-Separation, a
Novel, Three Vols, by the Authoress of " Flirtation."
On Tuesday laat, two brothers, RonßnT and
Wat. YELLAwn, were married under the following novel
circumstances :—Banns of marriage had regularly been.
published between the elder brother, ROBERT, and a young
woman named Jos, whose parents reside at St. Mewan,
and between the younger brother, WILLIAM, and a young
woman of St. Stephens, named TerTHEWst. On
Tuesday morning the elder brother left home in order to
get married, but the other who had not intimated any in-
tention of having his marriage celebrated immediately,
left with a waggon which he drove, on his ordinary busi-
ness. On his way out, he called on his intended bride
and desired her to meet him at the parish'church at ten
o'clock, which she did. He was punctual to his time,
left his team on the road in charge of a lad, entered the
church and was married in his waggoner's frock. When
the ceremony was ended he desired the bride to hasten to
the house which he and his elder brother occupied toge-
ther, and to take possession before the other couple ar-
rived. This she did accordingly, and ROBERT, on his
return with his new-made wife, had the mortification to
find the house occupied by a prior-claimant, in his brother's
right. A compromise took place. and matte's were adjusted
without having recourse to legal measures, as was at one
time threatened.— West Briton.

SHOCKING SUICIDE.--The neighbourhood
of Moor-street was the scene of considerable excitement on
Sunday morning, in consequence of the suicide of Mrs.
Lowr, the wife of Mr. Lows, shoemaker. It appeals
that Mr. Lown had .for some weeks suspected the fidelity
of his wife, and on Thursday discovered unequivocal
proofs of the justice of his suspicions. A carpenter named
GUNTER, occasionally employed on the premises, was the
object of her illicit attachment, to whom she bad recently
presented several expensive gifts. • On coming down stairs
on Sunday morning Mr. Lown charged her with pur-
-clusing a shirt for her paramour, and immediately ordered
her to leave his house. Previous, however, to his
carrying his threat of expulsion into execution, the en-
raged husband locked his guilty wife in the bed-room, with
the intention of first executing vengeance ova the author
of his dishonour. Mrs, Lows was left alone for about
t wenty minutes, when her husband returning into the
room, he found her lifeless on the bed. The unfortunate
woman had connived, by tying a list garter round her
neck and the bed-post, to effect strangulation. Mr. Lowe
immediately gave the alarm, and medical assistance was
promptly ohtaine'l. Life was, however, completely ex-
tinct, and the efforts of the medical gentlemen called in
entirely unavailing. The deceased was a fine young wo-
man, hod only in the 224 year of her age, although she
had been married upwards of seven years. A Coroner's
Inquest, owing to the absence of Mr. Wriaxxnex, cannot
be held until Monday.---Birmingham Journal.

ANECDOTE OF GENERAL MOREAII.--Both
the movements beyond the passes and the attack on Dres-
den were undertaken against, th(t advice of General Alo-
ucau..—His conduct and demeanour, since hie arrival at
the army, had been generally spoken of in the highest
terms; and ho was the greatest losi the army could then
have sw.tained. His heroism was truly great; after the
fatai shot he spoke to the EltrlLßOlt with the most perfect
self-possession, never uttered a groan, and smoked a cigar
the moment after the allot had struck 'him—Lord Lon-
donderry's N(;rrative of the War in Germany and
France,

DAVlDltizzlo.—Tbere was fit3this time in
the Court of Many a Man: named DAVID RiZilo, or
Itrecril!, virilitiVe of Turlo, a -person of poor pareo tageovho
/Ad heart, howesei well educated, and among other- ac-
complishments, was an excellent musician. Ile came to
Scotland-in the train of an Antbassaeor from Savoy;;. but
his assistance being found usefillto,fill apart in the Quitstes
private conceits, he left the envoy's service for that of
Many. Ilizzio's knowledge of languages recommended
him to the QUEEN, who employed: him in txuntucting her
foreign correspondence ; and finding bins apt, intelligent,
and useful, upon the departure of Ler French_ Secretary she
promoted the Piedmontese to that confidential effice. This
situation, of course, px,)eured him easy and frequent ac-
cess to her pressewe and to her-ear, .Tho.familisrity with
which the QUEEN naturally? received him,' as :a man of
iittic consequence, who talents aerved, and whose accom-
plishments amused her, excited the resentment of the fierce
nobility of '&'cotland.. They observed with indignation
that the foreign Secretary, in virtue of his office, presented
.papers to be signed by her MaJrsrr ; and some of
them would shoulder him, and frown on him, when they
met him in the prea:nce-chamber. Others who had suits
acting upon
btoutthe Secretary
ati
tyC, :.,eurrat
principles,
asdadinrees:dbsteirwv:nitsi:invs,,,,,
for the furtherance of their nosiness ; and 'burn became
rich from the gifts that flowed in upon him,,-.-Dr. Lard-
-71, s Cabinet Cyclokodia.
