PARLIAMOT.

-----
HOUSE OF LORDSj,ZAprtiL 19.

.
The Duke of ATIIOLL presented petitions from
various parishes in Aberdeenshije, and one frotu Sutherland,
against any alteration in the banking system. of Scoaantl.
Petitions, praying for the abolition of slavery, were pres4nted
tey the Marquis of Iluntley, from Elgin' and from different pa-
rishes in Aberdeen; by, Earl Beauchamp, from Worcester ;•. and by
Lord Bexley, from a place in Dent.
the %notion for laying the lust.petition on the table,
rl GROSVENOR said a few words in condemnation of -the
conduct of the colonial administration, and in vindication 44 the
abolitionists.
An account, of the number of Bank-notes issued in Ireland since
1700, distirignishing those under 51., was presented at the bar.
Adjourned.

.~: ,~.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. Alderman Wt MOD brought up the Report of the Committee
en the New London Bridge Bill, which was ordered to be re-com-
natted on Friths. next.
Mr. C. PELIIAM moved several Resolutions, relative to hold-
ing Parliaments in other capital towns in England as well as
London.
The Ile*rolutions were withdrawn, in consequence of there not
being any Member to sewed them.
Mr. ROWLETT presented two petitions against Negro Sla-
very, from StokislY anti another place..--Ordered to be printed.
Similar petitions were presented from Ravenswortb, from Cleve-
knit and from Leicester.—Ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEES ON PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. LITTLETON rose, pursuant to notice, to bring forward
his promised measure relative to Committees on Private
The flop. Member then went into a detail of the inconveniences
resulting from the present constitution of these Committees. Among
the nttmemuA plans which were proposed to remedy the grievances
complained of, one less constitutional than moat others, although
at the same time likely.to produce advantage, was to the end that,
*IIY Bill which was likely to betouteated in the Committee should
be referred to a Committee of Inquiry. There could he no doubt
but that some alteration was necessary; and when it was so easy
L.l obtain some security against the admixture of personal has-
rests by equalizing the number of persons in the lists, so as to
have a certain number only from the vicinity of the county
where the Bill originated, he was sure the Houae would feel the
necessity of such arrangement. He moved, as one of a series
tif Resolutions, " That as it was the opinion of the House that
the'preeent constitution of Parliamentary Committees on Private
Rills had, from time great inequality of the Membere in the list,
riot been found to insure the sasses of the purpose for which they
were constituted, a Select Committee should be formed by ballot
of the Howse."
Mr. COLBORNE supported the Resolution.
Mr. W. PEEL spoke in favour oflheßesolution, to which he
gave his most cordial concurrence. . .
Mir. 'WHITBREAD supported the Resolution.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, it would
he a very great misfortune if the Mouse did not do something in
this matter bet Ore the Session should terminate. It would be a
great error to leave things as they at'present stood.
Mr. CALCRAFT differed from the Right Honourable Gen-
tleman opposite in the expediency of the Resolutions before the
House. It was; faet'lltititinating the misconduct of Parlia-
ments not yet in existence. Hu did nut see that it followed, be.
cause the present Parliament had fallen into error, that all tante
Parliaments must nevessarily do sirs. This equalization of the list
of Members from the different counties did not appear to him to
lee so complete snit effectual a imeeific'for the evil complained of
as the Hon. Gentletnan eeetned, to imagine. After'all, the lista
were composed of the same peranna, after the same plan as the;
present, and nearly under the same.circumstances. He did not
by any means conceive that this plan, Whiet Was' Merely a novel
arrangement of the same individuals, would tend to correct:the
practice of ibeat, which had been the subject,of-complaint He
adrOttql, however, the necessity of some improvement in this
thtpartment. There had been very few complaints this year on
the subject. Ammigat others he had made one, and he was glad
to iind that the House had set it right. The injustice about to
be perpetrated was mopped, and he was proud to rank himself
With other Hon. Members wholtart stepped forward to assert the
right of an injured and interissilitgatr... • laugh.)
Sir W. W. WYNN and Lerd A THORPE supported the
JAPsolutions.

". Sir M. W. RIDLEY westsrfeetly of opinion with the Hon.
Member for Wareham, that though there bad been causes of corn-
plaint, they bad ail been rernetlied by appeals to the Boum —He
should vote that an experiment of these Resolutions he made for
ooc year, and -if 'tin* auswered the purpose,* they might then he
c?ntinued for u longer poinfl.: . .
Mr. 5. WORTLEY supported the Resolutions, as he felt con-
vinced that so far from.being, useksta, they would act us , a 'check
upon Committms, even if no after-measures were founded on them: •
Mr. LITTLI;ITOS wll, Astonished. that,the Hon.:Member for
Wareham knew nothing of the proceedings of the .oommittee,
tchieh had formed his ,ground of-tomplaint ; Ittihad merely ,heard,
341 v,r.parte statement, and had then come down and coMplained,
of circumstances with which)* was not personally acquaint:A,

Mr. CALCII AFT explained; 1i bad poly ancusiidihe Com=
rettteo of deviating. thellue or route•of a Coma Irons the:. original
withont esltitc,r the coxaept of the °pluming parties..
The 'Gallery was then cleated for 4 division., but ,bn out re.,en.;
tiring we fitted no division bud taken place. The Resolutions
ware then rend.

BANKES, ten. opposed one of the Resolutions, which
ethpowereel the shutting the doors of the House, and ehoosing by
tit4iOt COMUlittta • from the Members present without their,
pe7Toission. , !'
Mr. S. wqßtr,ty agreed as to the trial of the system for
Ott: year. . •
Lord MILTON made, a, few observations in opposition to the
P.,l4olotions,
Mr. GALCRAFT Opposed''she Resolution alluded to by the
•Hoo. Member fur Cerra Castle,- and ~would take the sense of the
How!. upon it.
er sor. ACLAND spoke in favour of the Resolutions.
Lord ARCIIIRAID HAMILTON could not think the flouts
vickoW appoint`ituvit R Cosnutittee, and if it even consentsd to do
so, it would never, by any regulations, render that Committee ef-
operativ.,
-Mr. STUART WORTLEY said, the Noble Lord lalxnued
uder a mistake ; the Committee was not to be appointed to en-
4eire into the private conduct of Member», but merely whether
tlha'division of the other Committee was consonant With justice.
W. RIDLEY thought that to give effect to this Com-
mitte,Ahey must have en Act of:Parliament to enable them to do
a 3. This could not pass into a law without the consent of the other
ft-Ante, "Whieh would virtually refer 'the management of that
ruse, with:respect to its interior machinery, to another branch of
the Vire. The flouv then divided—
.
&AV Resolution-
Againet it
Majority -
'The Resolution was carried.
On entering the Gallery, we found the House discussing the
nest Resolution es to the employment of Counsel or Professional
Awte to open the case to the Committee.
Mr. 11A NtOtS Inoved that only one Counsel or Agent should
laa beard on each aide.'
Mr. HUME said he should prefer a nominee from' amongst the
Members themselves to.employing Counsel at-all. •
Mr. LITTLETON observed, there might be a number of per-
sons interested, each of whom would like to be represented.
Mr. STUART WORTLEY said, this objection.would be ob.
visted by admitting only one Agent for each party interested.
:7U amendment, so qualified, was adopted as embodies' with-tin.
co-v ital reeolution.
ifik STUART WORTLEY,gave notice, that he should to-
tnorreiw move for leave to bring in a Bill for regulating the mode of
the Poll at Elections for the County of York.
TRADE REGULATIONS.
•

--12

HUM it was his iateatiati JO have mor4id, pursuant
to his notice.; this evening, certain resolutions concerning the
existing regulation* touching the.► trade of thi* country. lie bad
been led more. particularly to the subject from perusing the Pot-
tery Reg-11.146ns Bill, which bad been brought forward in that
House. In consequence, however, of a conversation . he-had bad,
with the Preaident of the Board of Trade, who did not think it
sitriaable at present to agitate 'the question in the existing state of
commercial difficulty, he should therefore postpone his notice of a
motion witkiut naming a future fixed day.
Mr. SPRING ItICE obtained leave to bring in a Bill to eon-
saiwate certain Statutes of Parlittimmt for Lighting, Watching, and
Paving certain Corporate Towns in Ireland.
.74r.,J. P. 011 ANT. moved fur leave us bring in Bill for
intending an Act of William die Third, to prevent and remedy
wr"gotie imprisonment in Scotland.
The.LORD ADVOCATE was aware of the importance of
the interfereiki of the Legislature, in remedying abuses of law,
"task had Not,Seeri erratimplated by the Legislature when the

MELANC/lOLY DEATIL—A very distressing OC•
currence happened last night in the house of Mr.
MARTIN JOYCE, Bloomsbtry4square. A young girl
(a nursery maid) had been unwell for sortie days, and
had taken midicinal draughts, when, through mistake,
she ,swalloWed a bottle of oxalic acid, which had been
incAutionsly left in, the kitchen by the groom. believing
it to be a draught She was ordered to take. The dread-
ful mistake W 4 soon discovered, and every means that
surgical skill COuld-suggeit was used,. by order of Mr.
Joyce, but unhappily. without effect ; the poison had
too rapidly sprearfits baneful effects- through the girl's
constitution, and she (BM in leis than an hour, having
endured ArcadfOl suffering.
