did not meet me there, however, as enemies, what-
ever they did in former times.—(A laugh.)---They-
inquired how I was, and then said, Well, Mr.
Hunt, what is to come next ? We shall all be
ruined.' To which I replied, You used to say to
me and my brother Reformers, when we complained
of the condition of the country—let them that do
not like the country leave it, and be --:- This
language, gentlemen, you have often heard,
I doubt not, when you have spoken against
the abuses of the Government. This language
has been often used. It was said even in the
House of Commons by Jack Fuller—(A laugb)—
Wel!, Gentlemen, I told my acquaintance at the
fair that I heard Gurney's steam-coach would be
there. What will come next ?' they said. But
can people go in those coaches so as to make them
general ?' they inquired. I hope so,' I replied.
•We shall be all ruined,' they added. I told them
that their oats would presently sell for a qtiar-
ter instead of 30s. or 355. ; and that instead of get-
ting 35 guineas for a fine two-year old colt (it is an
excellent county for the breed of horses, Gentlemen),
they would consider themselves well otf if they ob-
tained five pounds.—( Continued laughter.)—' What
will come next;' they said. However, when Gur-
ney's stea►n coach did make its appearance, out the
people sallied, as you probably know, and committed
the injury descr►bed, pelting it with stones, and
upsetting the engineers arid passengers.—(Loud
laughter.)"
The turnings in Essex, and the attack of the
steam coach, excite the more surprise that they
seem foreign to the habits of the people of this
country. The time is not very remote, when a
riot could be got up with ease any clay and any
where. Millers, butchers, and bakers, thirty
years ago, used to be kept constantly on the qui
vive, and were astonished when they were allowed
to live a year or two unmolested. Instead of be-
ing surprised at any occasional outbreaking
of this kind, we ought to be surprised
at the order which prevails at a time
like this, when, according to all accounts,
there is a good deal of distress in many parts of
the country. The weavers, in particular, have
long been suffering severely. As men become
more intelligent, they cease to become riotous,
and hence the comparative forbearance in our
times.—lbid.

Mr. O'Connell has been, a second time, re- I
turned Member for Clare—and that without any
opposition ; and we have as little doubt but that
he will, in consequence of such return, now take
the new oaths and his seat quietly, notwith-
standing a report which is very industriously cir-
culated in some quarters, that the Solicitor-Ge-
neral, Mr. Sugden, has given an opinion that he
cannot. If Mr. Sugden has really given any
such opinion, let it be produced. Its non-pro
ductiou is an almost indisputable proof to our
minds that Mr. Sugden has not risked his pro.
fessional reputation in the way imputed to him.
As for what quibbles or mere technicalities could
do in aid of this or any other proposition, we
will Hot pretend to say—because there is no pro-
position, however clear and self-evident, that a
subtle lawyer cannot mystify and render doubt-
ful to his own mind, but the case of Mr.
O'Connell's capacity to take his seat now ap-
pears, as far as common sense is concerned, too
obvious to admit of any doubt, except, as we
have already hinted, to that habit of universal
doubting which doubts every thing. Mr.
O'Connell was not allowed to take his seat dur-
ing the last Session, because he naturally would
not take the old oaths, which were the only
ones then applicable to the cases of Members
who had been elected previously to the passing
of the Emancipation Act. That is not Mr.
O'Connell's case now. He has now been
elected since the passing of that Act, and will,
of course, walk into the House of Com-
mons as Lord Surrey and every other Catho-
lic Member besides himself have done.—
Though we have never been among those
indiscriminate admirers of Mr. O'Connell, who
laud him on all occasions to the skies,
through thick and thin, we are quite as
sensible of his real power and importance as
they can be, and rejoice at his return to Parlia-
ment quite as sincerely as they can do. We re-
joice at it as an act of justice towards the man
who has done more to obtain the object so long
sought for by the Irish Catholics than all their
previous advocates put together ; and who, we
think, was shut out of Parliament, by the late
Act, in a petty spirit of resentment, beneath the
Legislature and legislators. We rejoice, too, to
see Mr. O'Connell in his proper station, where
he will be no longer the mere mob or Associa-
tion orator ; but blending his acknowledged to-1
lents with those who are, like him, the professed
friends of Ireland, and that in the sphere where
real usefulness is most wanted. That Mr.
O'Connell will accomplish for Ireland, or for the
Empire at large, one half of what he promises,
we have already ventured to doubt. Without
quoting upon the Learned Gentleman the wen-
t, t
known adage, that " great talkers do the least,"
the history of public life convinces us that men
of warm imaginations, like Mr. O'Connell, are
for ever prone to promise and to profess more
than they can perform. We make allowance, of
course, for the period of a general election, which
is always one of excitement, and the close of
which generally furnishes a specimen of the hy-
perbole of promise-making. Experience, too,
tells us, that in proportion to their warmth go do
all substances cool ; and without meaning to in-
sinuate that it will be so on this occasion, we
too often find that promises, especially political
ones, are broken with a fiicility equal to the eager-
ness with which they are made.—Morning
Herald.

We observe it stated in some of the Irish_ '
Papers, and the statement is accompanied by
severe condemnation, that several Protestant
landlords in that country have begun to act upon
the system of supplanting their Roman Catho-
lic tenantry, kr the purpose of gradually creating
a Protestant population on their estates. This
is a change which every Protestant landlor4 of
Ireland, and, we might add, every Roman Car
tholic landlord also, if he at all understands hig
own interest, must anxiously desirz to see ac-
complished ; but it is one which, if it be at-
tempted without the utmost caution and delicacy,
must lead inevitably to great immediate misery
and confusion. The mode in which it may be
the most easily, secui ply, and perhaps even the
most speedily introduced, is by waiting for op-
portunities, and constantly filling up every va-
cancy by a Protestant family, rather than by
positive expulsions on account of religion,
which it will, we imagine, be prudent to avoid,
even in the ease of such tenants as are the
most bigoted in their dark and noxious su-
perstition, the most abject in their slavery
to the Priest, the most resolute and de-
termined in their refusal of all other instruc-
tions than his, for themselves or their children.
We are now, of course, speaking of the occu-
piers of farms of such an extent as implies or'
admits of the farmer and his family living in
some degree of comfort ; for it is, and we trust
always will be, impossible to find Protestant suc-
cessors to the present Roman Catholic holden

of mud cabins and potatoe gardens. The first
object of an Irish landlord whose estate is par-
celled out in this way, must be to throw it into
considerable farms ; and in the execution of this
difficult, painful, and we fear in too many cases
dangerous process, it may be prudent to avoid
anything calculated to increase the probability of
irregular and illegal resistance. But it is obvious
that it might considerably aggravate the feelings
of resentment, and augment the tendency to out-
rage, among the expelled and destitute tenantry,
and procure, even for any excesses they might
commit, a less dishonourable name and higher
sanctions, if, in the selection of tenants to occupy
the farms, now become objects of competition
among men of some property and consequence,
Protestants, merely because they are such, were
generally preferred. The preference is in itself
no doubt natural, just, and wise, and when
shown at the proper time, is sure to prove bene-
ficial. The proper time, however, we take to be the
second stage of the process rather than the first,
in the case of estates which are now divided and
subdivided into very small allotments. The
Protestant proprietors of the soil of Ireland must
from this moment never lose sight of the object
of patronising and promoting the growth of Pro-
testamism in that country. For this end they
must employ every means in their power (and
their means are great), if they wish to recover or
to preserve any portion of the authority or in-
fluence to which their station entitles them, and
to relinquish which would be the deepest dis-
grace, if they wish their country to be prosper-
ous, and their property valuable—if they aspire
to the secure and tranquil enjoyment of their
possessions—if they wish the political connec-
tion between England and Ireland to be perma-
nent, and to contribute to the advantage of either.
But they must employ their power discreetly—
they must not be precipitate in their mea-
sures—they must be cautious how they in-
flict individual suffering—and be sparing in the
exercise even of their legal rights, in cases
in which a population highly sensitive, highly
excited, little versed in law, and as yet but in-
differently prepared to respect it, might see
nothing but individual wrong. This they must
do if they would prevent commotions and out-
rages, which could not fail to retard if not alto-
gether to frustrate the accomplishment of their
views. In the object of gradually diffusing the
Protestant Religion over every part of Ireland,
if soberly, rationally, and firmly adopted and
pursued by the landowners of that country, they
have a right to expect and to claim the utmost
assistance in the power of the British Govern-
ment to bestow. The British Government owes
much to the cause of Protestantism in Ireland,
and it cannot better discharge this debt than by
taking measures to secure to every parish and
district of that country, a competent place of
Protestant worship, and a faithful, pious, and effec-
tive Protestant Minister. Let us not be told
that these Protestant Ministers would have no
hearers. Such men as ought to be employed
on this sacred mission would create hearers. If
the Government, the Church, and the Protestant
landowners of Ireland were to act in vigorous
and intelligent unison for the propagation of the
Protestant faith, their success would be certain.
Many years would not elapse before there would
be no parish in the kingdom without a Pro-
testant congregation. The effect of such a
change is incalculable upon the peace and wel-
fare of the country. The laws would be re-
spected and obeyed—industry would pursue its
steady and tranquil course— wealth would in-
crease—the nation would be happy, the Go-
vernment powerful and secure, in the well-
deserved affection of the people,—Morn. Post.

SUMMER ASSIZES.

OXFORD CIRCUIT.-WORCESTER, MTG. 3.

Thomas Jones was indicted for breaking open the
house of John Padgett, and stealing therefrom two
coats, one waistcoat, and other articles of wearing
apparel, the property of the said John Padgett.
Verdict--Guiity.•—Death recorded.
Joseph Robert:, a man of respectable appearance,
about 70 years of age, was indicted for stealing a
sheep and two lambs.
Vcrdict—Guilty.—Death recorded.
Eliza Treherne, a child 13 years of age, was in-.
dieted for stealing nine sovereigns, two crown
pieces, and four half-crowns, the property of George
Knowles.

The prisoner having declined making any defence,
the Jury returned a verdict of Guilty.

3SSAULT-BROADBENT V, RANDALL.

Mr. Gonsost opened the pleadings. This was an
action brought by the plaintiff to recover damages
from the defendant for an assault committed upon
him by the said defendant in April last. The de-
fendant pleaded a justification.
Charlotte Butler, examined by Mr. GoDsoN—A
was a waiter .at the Black Star at Kidderminster
on the 2d of last April, The defendant, his brother,
and son, were in one of the rooms of the house.
The plaintiff, about two o'clock, want into that
room. A Yorkshireman called out "Broadbent"
three times, and be then went in. Randall began
to abuse him thb moment he went in. He called
him a rogue and a thief, and said he had failed two
or three times, and that he had paid three halfpence
in the pound, The defendant said also that the
plaintiff was made for spite and would live for spite.
The plaintiff did not answer fora long time, but
continued speaking to the Yorkshireman, At last
lie said, " I am not speaking to you—be quiet, and
do not disturb the company." The defendant said
he would kick him out of the room if he did not go
out. By the landlady's orders I beckoned him out,
and he was corning towards- the doer when Ecndall
kicked at him. The plaintiff put out his leg, but -I
do not think either of them touched the other. The
defendant then struck the plaintiff on the back part
of his head with both his fists. The plaintiff stage
gered towards the wal,and turned round to see who
struck him. The defendant then struck him on the
eye and on the mouth. George Smith then went
towards the room, when lie received a blow witch
knocked him down in the passage. In the mean
time Randall closed on the Plaintiff-, and got his
head under his arm. tie then heat him most shame-
fully about the eyes, the temples, and the head. He
gave hint blows out of number, and the head of the
plaintiff W#.3 past any one's describing, I went
twice to separate theca, hut was pushed out, and at
last the defendant caught the plaintiff by the arm,
ar4 took him into the bar, where he remained quite
insensible fo;.• ten minutes or a quarter of an honr.
We got him bled, .s,-;t1 put raw beef to his eyes and
leeches to his temples. After he was four hours in
bed he waz brought down to the pai;o4nr- in great
pain, both his eyes closed up and quite blind. ire
was then taken home. 114ndal1 is a very powerful
man and a ;-spry abusive one;
Cross,exammed by Mr. Sergeant Lum.olv,—Mr.
Broadbent, as far as I know, is a weak man com-
pared to Randall, but is as civil a man as ever came
into a house. Randall is a very great big man,
enough to frighten a man to look at.—(Laughter.)
I do not expect to change my name to I3rdadbent.—
(A never raised his hand to
strike Randall at all. He put his foot out back-
wards—not as a horse does, for he did not kick.—
(A laugh.)l saw the whole of it. I did not see
Mr. Broadbent lift the daps of his coat up as he
walked out.—( Great laughter.),,l do not recollect
his giving Mr. Randall any particular invitation
(A laugh),,not to kiss any thing at all.—(Great
and Broadbent
laughter)--Randall Was at the fire?
