NEW COURT.

At the opening of the Court-this morning, the following
persons, against whom the bills of indictment were ignored,
were discharged by proclamation :--An idiot, charged with
arson, named George Abbott; W. Brown, Richard Doe,
Ann Kelly, James Jones, W. Vale, Michael Martin, George
Stevens, Henry Field, Margaret Field, M. Dugdon, J. Smith,
R. Brown, W. Baker, Jane Bennett, and Richard Dulligan.
James Sharp was indicted for stealing a quantity of carriage
wheels, the property of Mr. Kensett, to whom be was servant.
The prosecutor's son deposed that the prisoner had been in
his father's employment as a coachmaker, on Newington-
causeway. A few days ago they found that they had been
losing many wheels, and traced some of them. The value of
the articles charged in the indictment was 6/.
William Avery, a furniture broker in Great Suffolk-street,
Southwark, stated that he bought four wheels of a person.
COMMON SERGEANT—Who was that person ?
Witness—l don't know, but he was like the prisoner.
COMMON SERGEANT.—Nov, dont you know it was him ?
Witness—l think it is.
The COMMON SERGEANT—SO do I—pray, will you conde-
scend to tell me what you gave for those four wheels ?
Witness—l gave 10s. for the first pair and ss. for the second.
COMMON SERGEANT—Oh ! there were two dealings, and
yet you don't know him.
(ro prosecutor)—What was the worth of these four wheels?
Prosecutor—They are quite new and worth 3/.
Thomas Benson, another broker in the same locality, said
he purchased six dilapidated wheels of the prisoner for 6s.
The prosecutor said they were likewise worth 3/.
The Jury having been charged by the Learned Judge, found
a verdict of Guilty, and hoped the Learned Judge would not
allow any of the two brokers their expenses.
The COMMON SERGEANT considered that they should think
themselves very well off. very fortunate indeed that they were
not at the bar along with the prisoner for receiving the pro-
p.,rty feloniously. If such receptacles as these were not in
existence there would be no thieves,

The piiioncr was sentenced to six months' hard labour.

GUILDHALL.-(THIS DA

Edward Green was charged with having stolen a bugle,
the property of Mr. George Tonbridge, his ma=ter, of Plough.
court. .

The complainant deposed that the prisoner has been in his
service almost three years, and that on several occasions he
has missed trifling articles. Last week he absconded, taking
with him a bugle, which he had pledged at Mr. Fleming's;
in Farringdon-street, for 12s. The bugle was produeed and
identified. _ _

The prisoner was remanded.
Wm. Simpson, an inmate of the Union workhouse, Alders
gate-street, was charged with disobeying the orders of the
master.
Edward Cheaper deposed that every means had been used
to make the prisoner work, such as confining him, and keep
ing him without victuals, but in vain.
Sir P. LAURIE said he appeared to be very fat. notwith
standing his being kept without victuals.—( Laughter.)
Witness—And very lazy, too.--( Laughter. )
Sir PETER wished that all the paupers were as fat.
had the prisoner refused to do ?
Witness replied that he had this morning been ordered to
scour the dining-hall, but he had peremptorily refused.
Sir PETER inquired what the prisoner had been formerly?
Witness—A sweep. He was rendered helpless by falling
down a stack of chimneys, and was then taken into the work-
house. He was now, however. able to work.
Sir P. LAURIE wished the master had fallen down the chim-
ney instead of the boy, for if there was a greater cruelty in
this country than another, it was forcing a child up a chimney.
Talk of West Indian slavery 1 It was nothing compared to
the cruelty inflicted in this way.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that he wanted to leave
the workhouse if he could get some clothes, but it turned out
that he had got out of the way when the Board were sitting to
consider the matter. He was committed for 21 days.
POCKET-PICKING.—Mary Hurst was charged with having
picked the pocket of Mr. Richard Heathfield, of 31, Cateaton-
street, of a pocket handkerchief, which was shortly' afterwards
found in her possession.
Sir P. LAURIE said the only course left for him was to
commit her, and she would • doubtless be transported, this
being her second offence.
The prisoner burst into tears, and begged herd to be dealt
with in a summary manner ; but the Alderman persisted in his
determination, and she was committed.
AN IMPUDENT SMASHER.—JaDies Castleton, alias Maher,
who had been remanded on a charge of smashing, was again
brought up. Mr. Field of the Mint was in attendance, and
recognised the prisoner as an old acquaintance. He said that
in the present case the evidence was nut quite conclusive,
otherwise the prisoner would certainly have been transported.

Wh a

Prisoner—l ought to have been transported long ago

(Laughter.)
Sir PETER LAURIE—How long ?
Prisoner—. Fourteen years.
Sir PETER LAURIE—You had better leave off this trade.

Prisoner—l intend to do so, because I cannot get a living
at it. —( Loud laughter.)
Sir PETER—You seem very candid, and perhaps will answer
another question. Where do you get this bad money ?
Prisoner (shaking his head)—That is rather too hard a
question.—( Great laughter.)
He was then discharged.
