SPIRIT OF THE PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

(f=rom the Tipperary Free Press of Wednesday.)
It is not a little amusing to examine the. writh•+
ings and torturings of the Tory faction in England,
by the fatal blow inflicted aeon monopoly and bi-
gotry of the able speech of Mr. Sheil. His argti-
meets cannot be answered, and therefore they' seek
to cover the disgraceful retreat they are obliged to
make, by averring that Mr. Sheil did not give utter-
ance to the speech he sent to the newspapers. Why
conceding the truth of this accustitioN what does it
prove—that the beastly and brutalized followers of
the English Brunswickers were so completely (Jeri•
tient in common courtesy—so unused even to the
practices of public meetings, as to refuse to listeit
to the arguments of an opponent—so that the
ruffianism of a few English boors is to be made
the subject of accusation against Mr. Sheil I They
thought, by their abominable conduct, to etippress
the truth ; but finding they have not succeeded.
"hinc illce lachtynta." Hence the drivelling of the
courier and the Morning Herald—hence their ani-
mosity to that most excellent newspaper the Sun,
which with a spit it unequalled in the annals of the
Prss4, exerted itself at a most tremendous ex.
pense, and with an expedition nearly mimeo-
lons, to give to the country in a few hours
after it was spoken, one of the most able and
admirable pieces of eloquence that was ever com-
posed ;—a speech which it is impassible for
any man to read, without being convinced that
the charges against. the Irish Catholics are unfounded
—that they are the mere offspring of men interested
in keeping the. friSh Catholics in a -state of slavery,
and their
.country degraded and distracted. As we
are upon this subject we may as well- remark, that
the majority of the Brtuiswickers at Penenden
Heath does not fill us with anything like dismay.
—Our feelings are otherwise. We rejoice that a
commencement has been made of popular meet•
ings in England on the subject. We are delighted
that the Catholic question is to undergo public
discussion : to the result we look • with cer
tainty of success. Before- the merits of the
question were known, it shetild be recollected
that in the Irish Parliament, no member could be
found bold enough to present a petition in favour of
the Catholics. How few Irish Members are there
even from the most. bigoted counties, who would re=
fuse to present a petition from the Catholics. And
when the question was first discussed, it should be
recollected in the English House of Commons, there
was invariably a majority against the Catholics—
there is now as invariably a majority in their favour.
From what have these two great changes on the
one subject resulted? Discussion—and discussion
amongst the lower orders of Englishmen Will hare
the same effect-on their minds, es it has had en those
superior to them in situation. In fact justice xvill
make a more rapid progress amongst them than their
superiors; for they have no interest in the subjection
of the Catholics. They get no share of the tithes,
they derive little benefit from all the snug situations
which are always to be disposed of by a money .
making oligarchy, having at their command a court=
try, where the emoluments of the State are to he
distributed to a small party. 'When too iris shewn to
the English people, as discussion will at length mat.
press upon their minds, the injuries they themselves
suffer from the injustice done to the Catholics, they
will begin to advocate the cause of the latter as if it
were their own. When they find that it is out of
their pockets comes the support of a large army,
which if the question were settled there would be no
necessity for, their interest will tell them that they
are losers by the Brunawickers, and once that con-
viction reaches the mind of honest John Bull, he
will feel little disposed to drain his purse to gratify
the whim, indulge the bigotry, or satiate the thirst
for blood or wrath which may exist in the minds of
others. Mr. Shell's speech is the first blow the
Tories of England and the Blood-hounds of Ireland
have received—it is but necessary now for the sub-
ject to be publicly discussed in England, and their
Fall is as inevitable as it is deserved:

CEPHALONIA, SEPT. 6.—An officer at this
station writes to a brother officer in London, who is under
money, health,i
iri
n womenceBses t; o bad
orders for New South Wales—" This climate has nothing
of
to recommend it except its proximity to England. Bad
platters, bad living, no society, unhealthy and expensive,
and by all accounts not to be compared to New South
Wales. Our old campaining friends have all married there.
as' the
there iti
T,
can hea
be,h
t,
they nd English
are
women of these islands."

DIOGENES OtlCB Said to ARISTIPPUS, 44 If
you could eat cabbages, you would not have to pay your
court to the great ;" to which Art tertrrus replied, If
you could pay your court to the great, you would not have
to eat cabbages."

The following anecdote of BtIONAPARTE 16
related in the " Memoirs do Girardin :"—" The First
Consul was at Morte-Fantana with his brother, Jossett
IluoN.srmerz. He came to breakfast at Ermenonville.
We commenced by affording him the pleasure of rabbit-
liontingon the heath. Solve of the rabbits, less wild than the
glass of lilordeaux,
rest, were so curious to admire the hero of the army of Italy,
ullevhbi cehrel: 'e
tool:ii e
as instead of running away, to surround him in swarms. The
~f First
which Consulhe concludedto fik a singular
in
suspecting
tnniti
t.eitrohene,l.,lnaeesw somediversion,
secret
—the hour for the meal had passed when he returned to
the chateau, and found Madame 13uor•wrw1TL at table.
He frowned with dissatisfaction that they had not waited
,f,onrl3l:
aimte,nainet,lvehaeiadv,e s
ha stepped before the tomb of JIAN JAC
1 replied,
remarked,‘ he
QUM,' and said,
ganredat" itileeai:il7e'eidniBstteirlYveying. Coming to the Isle of Poplars,
' it had been better for the repose of France if this man
had never lived: `olftt.,:a
ipv,p,iies,
visit
tarns
tdht h,,ijergitlants
ritzldi eaesnsi:
' It certainly is not for you, Citizen Consul,
to eomplain
of the Revolution," Eli Bien,' replied he, ' the Intuit,
will learn that it would have been better for the repose of
the world if neither Rousiszlu nor I had ever existed i' and
it was who preparelditnauiFreredni:iihs
,resumed his promenade with touch thoughtfulness."

NAPOLEON, when in the height of his power,
being once at Amiens, whilst traversing the square, in the
midst of the acclamations of the inhabitants who had as-
mnbled around him, cast his eyes upon the multitude, and
perceived, in one of the corners of the square, a stone-
cutter, who had not been induced to quit his work by the
curiosity which animated the crowd by whom he WM PM -
I ounded. The indifference of this man excited the curio-
,ity of NA roLeoN. He wished to know something about
Ihitst,
tri
hand,ea r
mpassingjve,i,l
othrough
gtiil:iiik,c,iryo:(,tv.
hisvds,,ehtrura,ctreiged",,
til.slelioernye
.Eol,ll,llsn,pd,heoliorirron,s:::,
there," said Narot.roN. The workman raised his eyes, and
" 1 am cutting stone." " You
tycognized the Emperor.
lig,:',vaa-telt:iii..:eit errii4te'ieir'n'rev'stgihnin'ellictzheuisidne'ardtavcecreereopcli;i°:;:.‘d'i;Lr( e'af't'i Es
Sire."
rl'eP.t7' had Y"°
l'eu\o' ni'iY•ieirlle'e3t.veutri I;ii.:i;-
time, and obtained my discharge." " I am sorry for it :
von were a brave man—l shall be happy to do for you any
thing in my potter : say what do you require from me ?"
" That your Majesty will leave me to cut my stone in quiet ;
my work snilices me ; I am in want of nothing." This
trait brings to mind the interview of DIOGENFS with
lAi.liesNrira ; but the modest pride of the Greek phileso-
pher wan not equal to the reply of ,the stone-cutter.--
French Paper.
