" MIDDLESEX ELECTION.

" The Committee conducting the re-election of Mr.
Hume respectfully call the attention of the Electors to the
following letter, which bas been aent with Lord Henley's
circular to the Electors residing in Chelsea and Kensing-

:--

" 'Monday, Oct. 29.

" Dear Sir,—As a member of the Committee for pro-
moting the election of Lord Henley, I forward you the
enclo.ed ; and when I assure you that his Lordship comes
forward as a defender of the Church against Atheism, and
that many of the Dignitaries of the Church are using all
the means in their power to promote his success, I hope
you will give your vote and interest in favour of his Lord-
ship. I am, dear Sir, yours sincerely,

" ' HAI,iL. SANDYS, Jun.

" Brompton-square.'
" The wilfully false and infamous insinuation against
Mr. Hume of Atheism, and the inference which it is in-

t,nt!ed should be drawn, that many Dignitaries of the
Church countenance that insinuation, has never been ex-
celled in baseness; and the Committee therefore ask the
Electors, will they, or any of them, vote for a man who,
by permitting, encourages his agents to act in a manner so
disgraceful? By Order of the Committee,

" JAMES FLEWKER, Sec.

Salopian Coffee-House, Charing-cross, Nov. 8,1832."

And these are the arms by which Lord
Henley assails Mr. Hume. The Members of
his Committee have the baseness to hold up
Mr. Hume as an Atheist ; and the Dignitaries
of the Church, forsooth, are using all the means
in their power to promote Lord Henley's suc-
cess, that he may keep out an Atheist ! A more
unfounded accusation as regards Mr. Hume,
was never perhaps uttered, it being notorious,
that Mr. Hume is not only a very religious
man, but, after the manner of his native country,
much more strict in his attendance of church

than the generality of Englishmen. It is an old
trick of the clergy to accuse all who find fault
with the abuses of the Church as Atheists and
heretics. Sir Thomas Moore tells us, that when-
ever any one detected a clergyman in any mal-
practices, an accusation of heresy was sure to
be trumped up against him. We have no
doubt, if the truth were known, that the
Dignitaries of the Church, who, with Lord
Henley, are lending themselves to this base
charge of Atheism against Mr. Hume, would
be much better disposed towards the Member

for Middlesex if he were less religiously
disposed than he is. They chuckle, no doubt,
at the idea of, by this stratagem, making
tools of the Dissenters. We should be sorry to
think so meanly of the Dissenters as that they
could be gulled by so barefaced an attempt to
deceive them. Lord Henley is a crafty Tory,
who has made his calculation that in the present
crisis the rents of the Church must be plastered
over to preserve the edifice ; and he therefore
gives himself out as a Church Reformer. He
calculates, in the same manner, that he may
hoodwink the Dissenters, by coupling with, the
immediate abolition of slavery a qualification
that will render it impracticable, and which will
open a wide door to dispute, namely, compensa-
tion to the planters ! Shame on the Dissenters
if they contribute to exclude from Parliament
the most useful man who ever yet entered it, to
make way for a man like Lord Henley, who is
supported by Dignitaries of the Church, and
others, who condescend to use poisoned wea-
pons ! The man who endeavours to run down
Mr. Hume as an Atheist, would stab him in the
back if he were not afraid of the gallows.
There is a great deal of jealousy of Mr. Hume
in quarters in which it ought not to be. He
possesses industry and business qualifications,
which many men in the House of Commons
who had a high reputation were wholly without.
They made a declaration once or twice a year,
and then remained idle ; and they could not bear
that a man unconnected with the aristocracy of
the country should by labour and perseverance
do what they were unequal to. Many of those
who nominally approved of Mr. Hume wished
him far enough off. They were, however, too
cunning to attack him directly. But the latent
malice only waited for an opportunity to display
itself. Mr. Hume went straight forward, with-
out turning to the right or left, and he was able
to do good, precisely because he was not fet-
tered by his connections with the high families of
this country. Shame on the Dissenters if they
lend themselves to this plot of the corruptionists!
—Morning Chronicle.
Two letters which we-have inserted, on the
subject of last Tuesday's Tory meeting in
Bishopsgate-street, may give rise to another
guess or two respecting the motives of some in-
dividuals who made themselves conspicuous
thereat. It has already been affirmed by us,
that the " love of peace" was a wretched pre-
text—a paltry manoeuvre, resorted to as a screen
for the true object of these hypocrites, that ob-
ject being really the gratification of factious
selfishness, or the dread of individual loss.
One of our correspondents, signing himself " Z.,"
asserts, what indeed he is not singular in stating,
that the majority of that meeting was in great
part composed of Mr. Conservative Lyall's
Committee, together with Dutch merchants and
stock-jobbers of the bull species. What does a
Lyall committee-man care for the honour of
England or the peace of Europe, compared
with the duping, for the sake of frightening an
hundred or two of the city voters among the
liberal interest in time for the coming election ?
What care certain " Dutch merchants"--mean-
ing thereby a particular knot of merchants
who have lying at the quays of Amsterdam
unshipped cargoes of Dutch goods, or unsold
cargoes of English—what care they for any
British object save the value of their several
invoices ? With one, at least, of Tuesday's
speakers, who slipped into details concerning his
own mercantile transactions, it was clear what
class of feelings remained uppermost. Now,
Hwithout much disposition to harshness where
men's obvious interests are at stake, let us ask,
is it not extremely possible that sordid motives
may sometimes assume the colour of fine patrio-
tic sensibilities, and that a man of the name of
Thornton, or another of the name of Baring,
may deceive himself far more easily than others
touching the nature of the impulses by which he
claims to be directed ? In the instance of Mr.
Thomas Baring (the primo Lenore of the
above-mentioned performance), we refer to our
correspondent " Mercator" for some curious
means of coming to a judgment how far that
gentleman's anti-warlike sympathies are of the
right English kind. Has this individual no
Dutch prepossessions to bias him ? or positive
Dutch interests ? Where did lie receive his
mercantile education ? Was it in Amsterdam ?
How long since has he withdrawn from a partner-
ship in the house of Hope in that city? Has he, as
a Dutch factor or consignee, no property involved
in the question of an Antwerp expedition ?
Is there no projected loan, or slice of Dutch
loan, behind the curtain ? It might not have
been a disgrace to Mr. Thomas Baring six days
ago if such things were to turn out really as our
correspondent represents them ; but it is the re-
verse of creditable, if, with all this accumulated
consciousness about him, he, the " scion" of
the unennobled house of Baring, puts himself
forward, as if on public grounds, and talks bit-,
respecting English policy, and honour, and the
blessings of peace, and the duty of not-interfe-
rence, and the offer of gross insults to Holland,
&c., when the gentleman must be aware in his
own mind that he is intrinsically nothing better
than a sort of Brummagem Dutchman, pleading
the cause of Dutch stubbornness, rapacity, and
aggression, and laying traps for those British feel-
ings, to any share of which, upon the present
subject, he has himself no shadow of pretension.
When this " scion,"—this young Astyanax—
this " hope" of Holland, abuses the British Go-
vernment for its endeavours to strengthen Bel-
gium towards her weak neighbour, leaving
her at the mercy of a strong one, does he
mean to say that the Dutch King, because he
is less powerful than Louis Philip, shall
have license to enrich or fortify himself at the
expense of any neighbour who is not able to
prevent him ? This truly is a precious lesson
for getting on in the world ! Because Belgium
is already feeble, as compared with France, the
Dutch King is to weaken her still further at his
own discretion ! But if Holland becomes this
chartered libertine,—if the Dutch are to be ag-
grandised until they grow to a level with the
French,—why should they stop at Antwerp ?
why not replace them in possession of Brussels,
and let them try to keep it ? Nay, the same
honest rule will serve another turn ; for it en-
courages Holland to strengthen" herself in all
directions : it says to her, " March off to attack
a more northern neighbour; put a Dutch gar-
rison into Hanover, and command a second
Chasse to bombard Herenhausen, if the
troops of the English King
William,--not
sufficiently enamoured of pacific relations,' at
all prices, with his ancient allies the Dutch,—
shall dare to call for the evacuation of that
seat of Hanoverian Royalty. Antwerp is as
much a Belgic city as Herenhausen is a palace
andof the Belgic
every argument
ofwhich
u impugns King Williamhe restorationci-
tadellV.,
to Leopold prescribes and enjoins the
peaceful surrender of Hanover, nay, of Ports-
tl
mouth, to the first foreign invader. As to the

Belgic frontier on the side of France, the latter
Power has'not yet transgressed it for any hostile
purpose. But if the fancy of the " scion" be
worth anything, he must mean that, with a view
to strengthen Belgium towards the Parisian
quarter, a whole line of French fortresses ought
to be besieged and taken, and transferred to
King Leopold, because France is so much more
formidable than Belgium ; and, moreover, for
the like solid reason, Antwerp ought, even in that
case, to be left with the Dutch, because Holland
also deserves to be rather reinforced than weak-
ened. According to this beautiful canon, there-
fore, the virtuous and equitable system of
1814-15 ought to be revived, Europe recast,
and its territories redistributed in the spring of
1833 after the approved fashion of the treaty of
Vienna, of the wisdom of which the existing
state of the Netherlands affords so happy an
illustration. In pity to Mr. Baring, who is at
least a naturalized, if not a born Englishman,
we refrain from dwelling on that burst of pa-
triotic—though in Pitt's time it might have
passed for treasonable—fervour, wherein he
cheered on the Dutch to resist the King of
England's arms, by assuring them that the next
packet would convey to their shores the friendly
" sympathies" of his subjects ! Alas, the loyalty
of the house of " Baring" has been puffed out,
we fear, by the same blast which withered the
bloom of Thetford, Callington, and Old Sarum !
—Times.

" TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.

" Sir,—As a merchant trading to the Continent, and
anxious for the preservation of pacific relations between
this country and Holland, I attenied the meeting which
took place yesterday at the London Tavern, and I beg
leave, through the medium of your journal, to protest
against the political tendency of the speeches which were
made on that occasion, as I, in common with others who
were present, never intended to pass the slightest censure
on the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers, but merely to
petition his Majesty to persevere in his laudable endea-
vours to avert a war with a nation with which, in a mer-
cantile point of view, we are so intimately connected.
" The most enlightened merchants of this metropolis
are fully sensible of the difficulties which the present Ad-
ministration has had to contend with, who, in undertaking
the management of the foreign relations of this country
could only follow the course laid down to them by their
predecessors in office. They, by acknowledging the in-
dependence of Belgium, had already actively interfered in
the dispute between the two countries, and were there-
fore fully justified in persevering, in conjunction with
their allies, in the same line of policy which could alone
prevent Flanders from ultimately falling under the domi-
nion of France, as the Belgians would have appealed to
the French nation for succour had the Dutch made a second
attempt to subjugate them to a rule which they consider
oppressive. Having moreover entered into a treaty with
France and the othr continental Powers to mediate and
bring about an amicable separation between the two coun-
tries, we should, had we swerved from our engagements,
inevitably have involved this country in a war with France,
the consequences of which must, in the opinion of every
sensible merchant, have been much snore lastingly detri-
mental to the trade of this country than the course which
our Government is now pursuing, in merely obliging the
Dutch to evacuate a territory of which they themselves
have acknowledged the independence, and profess that
they have no longer any wish to govern.
" The prospect of a war with Holland has, up to the pre•
sent moment, had such a slight effect upon the trade of
this couutry, that neither the freights nor the premiums
of insurance have risen materially, and the funds of the
two contending countries have only undergone very
trifling fluctuations. So much for the injury which we
have already sustained. Would this have been the case
had we been now engaged in a war with France? We
should then have had to form a defensive alliance with
Holland and the other continental Powers, for the pur-
pose of crushing popular Governments on the continent,
and the whole expense of this crusade against puplic
opinion would have fallen upon the broad shoulders of
John Bull.

" Mr. Thomas Baring, who made such an able speech in
favour of a Wellington Administration to rescue this
country from impending ruin, is unfortunately interested
in Dutch affairs, having received his mercantile education
at Amsterdam, and having only very recently withdrawn
himself from a partnership in the firm of Messrs. Hope
and Co., at Amsterdam; of course it is his duty, as a mer-
chant, to protect the interests of his correspondents,
whose property, as well as that of his own firm, may be
in extreme jeopardy from the consequences of the conflict
which is about to take place, and there might be such a
thing as a Dutch loan behind the screen, to be brought
forward as soon as pacific relations between the two coun-
tries are re-established. Hoping that you will insert the
foregoing remarks in your valuable journal, I remain, Sir,
your most obedient servant, "MERCATOR."

The war which is now carrying on by a cer.
tain party in the county of Middlesex against the
return of Mr. Hume, as one of its representa-
tives, is one of the most disgraceful of which

we have any recollection in the annals of elec•
tioneering proceedings. The Honourable Mem-
ber may have his faults and his inconsistencies,
as well as other Honourable Representatives of
the People—he may have his deficiencies and
his eccentricities also ; and to attack him on any
or all of them, for the purpose of ousting him
from the representation, might be considered by
some persons to be only fair election play, for
the truth, whether for good or for evil, would
only have been spoken, and in the opposite scale
might have been placed his fair and well-recog-
nised merits ; but to state respecting him, or any
other candidate, that which is not only untrue,
but which is calculated to injure him nearly as
much in private as in the public opinion, it is
scarcely possible to exceed in infamy and atro-
city. Yet such is the fact—such the depth
infamous detraction of character_ to which the
friends of Lord Henley, or rather, we should
say, the party. by which he is supported, will
descend, that instead of attacking him on public
grounds, they go forth with a libel of conscience
in their hands, and hold him up as an Atheist,
who, we believe, is as careful in the performance
of all moral and religious duties as any Bishop
or Archbishop in the kingdom ! Mr. flume is
not a supporter of the abuses of the Church, nor
can any friend of the Church conscientiously
be ; but that he is an " Atheist" we hold to be
quite as improbable as that his Grace the Arch-
bishop of Canterbury may be fairly set down as
such. The charge, however, becomes still more
gross when we look at the quarter from which it
proceeds. It is from the Church that the cry
its ministers that the infamous
proceeds—it is by
charge
has been made and propagated—
it is in order to bring in that very moderate
reformer of Church abuses, Lord Henley, and
to keep out the real reformer, Mr. Hume, that
recourse has been had to the slanderous insi-
nuation. Lord Henley ought not only to be
ashamed of such conduct ; but if there be one
spark of integrity or honour in his composition,
he will come forward immediately and discounte-
nance the calumny which his friends have so bu-
sily propagated. It can be no credit to him to
countenance such a gross fabrication—it cannot
possibly serve the purposes of his election to
appear to join in a calumny so greatly at vari-
ance with what every one who knows Mr. Flume
knows to be the fact; and it ought to occur to
him, that in attempting to gain the support of
the ultra High Church party, he may incur the
loss of that of another of not less weight in the I
Middlesex--we mean the Dissenters,
county of
whose feelings he outraged on the 26th of Fe-
bruary, 1828, by voting in the minority against
the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts.
We need not observe, that Mr. Hume has al-
ways been the strenuous advocate of religious

liberty, and that he voted on the occasion alluded
to in the glorious majority in favour of the re-
peal.—Morning Advertiser.

ELECTIONS.

LAMBETH.—MR. MO ORE.
Yesterday evening, a public meeting of the elec-
tors of this borough was held at the Hour-glass,
Walworth•common, to hear from Mr. Moore, one
of the candidates, an exposition of his political
principles.
J. STANFORD, Esq., in the chair.
Mr. WEBBER moved the first resolution, to the
effect that Mr. Moore was worthy of the confidence
of the electors, from his well known liberality of
principle, and his incessant exertions, for a long
period of years, to advance the interests of the in-
habitants.

This resolution was carried with acclamation.
Mr. MOORE then addressed the electors. He
would tell them what his political creed was. The
first point he would allude to was vote by ballot.
'This, he contended, was necessary to the purity of
election. Without the ballot the franchise was
comparatively useless. The Tory landlords rendered
the measure now indispensable.—(Cheers.) The
corn laws engrossed public attention. If landlords
let the land on moderate rent, the farmer would be
enabled to pay all his demands with greater facility.
He could compete with the foreign grower, and by
the cheapness of corn much of the calamity of the
country would be removed,—the mechanic and the
labourer would have good and cheap bread. When
Pitt plunged this country into war, the price of
land rose with a rapidity and to an exorbitance that
had no parallel. He would bring back the price of
corn to what it was before the time of Pitt. With
respect to a graduated property-tax, he would say
that the only property-tax he would vote for was a
landed property-tax. The assessed taxes he con-
sidered one of the greatest grievances that the
country laboured under. A repeal of these taxes
would produce many great benefits. He would also
advocate the repeal of taxes on knowledge, and the
emancipation of the Jews.—(Hear.) Church re-
form was now a question to which the country was
looking with intense anxiety. He was an advocate
for such reform. He did not wish to destroy the
Church, but to purify it. A. class of men mere un-
fit for political power than churchmen could not be
found. He would then exclude them from it, and
confine them to their proper sphere.—(Great cheer-
ing.) The Hon. Gentleman having pledged him-
self to vote for triennial Parliaments, a safe and
gradual abolition of Negro slavery, and naval and
military flogging, and a great variety of other public
abuses, concluded a long, and really in some parts a
vigorous address, amidst long-continued applause.
