MERCANTILE SHIPPING, &c.

DEAL, SEPT. 7.--Wind S.W.—Sailed the Pyrennees,
Clark, for Jamaica. Arrived and sailed for the River the Lord
Cranstoun, Aiken, from Jamaica. Remain the Rosslyn Castle,
for New Brunswick; Royal Charlotte, for Halifax; London,
for Quebec ; Isabella, for the Cape ; Hambletonian, for Sierra
Leone ; Neptune, for Trieste ; -Importer, for Gibraltar ; and
several others names not known.

HARWICH, SEPT. 7.--Arrived his Majesty's ship Wye
from the Elbe; and the Prince of Orange packet, with a mail,
from Holland.

PonTsmou all, SEPT 7.-,Wind S.W.—Sailed the Regu-
lus transport for the Downs.
CowEs, SEPT. 7.—Arrived and sailed again the Mary,
Arkroll, from London for New South Wales. Also arrived
the Hazard, Claxton, from Guernsey, leaky.
The George Symei, Bushby, from London for Quebec,
struck on Carney Point, near Portaferry, 3d inst., and sustained
so much damage that the cargo must be discharged.
The Carleton, Clark, from Tereira, arrived at Fayal the 21st
of July, and on the 2d of August was driven on shore, and
would not be got off without much damage.

The East India Company's ',hip Kent, outward-bound, was
in lat. 20. 43. S. long. 33. 1. W. on the 18th of April.

S G G LING.- The statement in our last, as to the 'affray in
the night of :Saturday, on the Isle of Thanet coast, between the
Smuggkrs and :t party of the Coast Blockade, from the diffi-
cul:y of obtaining correct information at the moment, and the
caution consequent on these occasions, was unavoidably erro-
neous. The following may, however, be depended upon as
authentic :

" On Sunday morning last, about two o'clock, a small galley
rowing six oars, attempted to work a cargo of spirits in Marsh
Bay, near Margate, and was discovered in her approach to
the shore, by a seaman of the Coast Blockade on the look
out, who instantly gave the alarm, when an officer (Mr.
Washington Carr), accompanied by two of the seamen of
that service, proceeded towards the spot and there encoun-
tered e. party of smugglers, about one hundred in num-
ber, most of whom were armed, and beginning to dis-
charge the cargo. In their advance, Mr. Carr and his men
were fired upon by the smugglers, but rushing on to the charge,
they succeeded in forcing the smugglers (who were also galled
by the fire of two other men of the Coast Blockade in an oppo-
site direction) to drop and relinquish all the tubs or casks, 15
in number, and at the same time to disperse themselves in the
greatest consternation, leaving behind them one musket, the
stock and lock of another, two -hats, a handkerchief, and several
large bludgeons ; and from the quantity of blood which marked
the direction of their retreat, it is conjectured some of them
were severely wounded. The boat at the same time put oil;
and if she had on board any more goods, there can he little
doubt but that they were sunk or altogether abandoned ; as no-
thing on shore escaped the vigilance of the party. In the cuifiict
Mr. Carr received a severe wound on the head, supposed from
a sabre, and one of his men was also wounded from a shot, but
it is satisfactory to add, both are doing well.—lt is understood
that most of the smugglers were labouring men collected from
the interior of the country, and hired for the occasion, many of
them from the vicinity of this city ; and it is to be regretted
that the reward should be so great as to tempt them to engage in
such illicit practices."—(Kentish Gazette, Sept. 7.)

The naval command at Cork is, it is said, to
be reduced on the expiration of the time for
which Admiral Sir JosIAH ROWLEY was ap-
pointed ; and a frigate, instead of a line-of-battle
ship, is to bear the flag of the Commander in
Chief. Admiral Lord COLVILLE, it is said, will
be the successor of Sir J. ROWLEY.—(Cork In-
telligencer.)

It must afford to every friend of his country
real satisfaction to learn, that in most of our
principal manufacturing places, great activity
prevails at the present moment.—(Worcester
Journal.)

DELICATE BENEFICENCE.--.BUONAP.AR.TE, when
Emperor of France, ordered letter boxes to be
fitted up in all the churches of Paris, where the
virtuous poor, without their delicacy being
wounded, could, as they pass, deposit a note ex-
pressive of their wants. These boxes were only
opened by the higher clergy, who were sworn to
secresy ; and the wants of the parties were thus
relieved without any of the humiliating circum-
stances of a public application.
`We hear that of the prisoners sentenced to
death at the late Assizes for this county, five are
left for execution, among whom is Wiliam
White, a notorious character, from this city.--
(Bath Herald.)

SHEFFIELD, SEPT. s.—An inquest was held
here yesterday, which returned a verdict of
Wilful Murder against a man of the name of
Mosely, who brutally stabbed John Mackay, in
a public-house, with a butcher's knife, in conse-
quence of some offence taken at a trifling inci-
dent. Mosely is committed to York Castle.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS,

September 3.

[MORNING HERALD.]
THE KING.—His Majesty was detained in
Dunleary harbour by strong adverse winds to a
late hour on Wednesday evening. After that
hour the sea was so heavy, and it blew so hard
from the south during the night, that it is sup-
posed his Majesty could not sail before Thursday
morning.—We understand that it is his Majesty's
intention to go round by sea to Brighton, where
preparations are making for his landing. It is
probable that on his way he will touch at Ply-
mouth, to view the Breakwater.—On Tuesday
last it was confidently expected that his Majesty
would cross to Holyhead, land there, and proceed
the same night to the Marquis of Anglesea's seat.
From thence it was further expected that his
Majesty would go on to Wynnstay, where cooks,
confectioners, gliders, carvers, and painters,have
been busily employed for several weeks past.
But on the arrival of the steam packet that even-
ing, it was made known that his Majesty had de-
termined to go round to Brighton, and that no-
thing but the most severe weather would induce
him to alter that resolution. As to his visit to
Wynnstay, his Majesty has for several days
given up all idea of honouring that princely
mansion with his presence. The greater part of
his Majesty's household servants arrived in town
yesterday by different stage-coaches. On Thurs-
day night they were overtaken, about forty
miles from town, by one of the most violent and
prolonged thunder-storms that have ever been
witnessed in this climate. The thunder can scarcely
be said to have rolled—it was rather a continuance
of tremendous crashes, which seemed to have
burst almost on the roof of the coach. Within,
it was possible to read nearly half a page of an
octavo volume without stopping, merely by the
aid of the lightning, it.was so brilliant, and at the
same time so prolonged. Near llockliffe a rick
of corn was set on fire by a thunderbolt, and as
it was very extensive it continued blazing for a
great length of time. Great danger was appre-
hended to the neighbouring village, in conse-
quence of the burning straw being wafted about
by the wind in every quarter. The engines were
sent for to Dunstable •; and it is hoped that they
arrived in time to prevent the communication of
the raging element.

Notwithstanding all that has been said, we
have every reason for believing that his Majesty
will not this year visit hislianoverian dominions.
—(lbid.)

[MORNING POST.]
It appears that the Turkish Capital has been
the seat of fresh massacres, and that whilst efforts
are made to rescue the Porte from the danger of
foreign interference, she permits atrocities under
her own eyes, which render a prompt and effec-
tual interposition necessary. It is indeed not
improbable, that finding herself supported by the
Ambassadors of some of the European Powers,
she may have regained sufficient confidence to
think that
_blood may be shed without peril.
That something has happened to alter her tone,
cannot be doubted, if the statements contained in
these papers are true. For not only are the
Greeks once more slain without mercy in the
streets of Constantinople, but we are told that
the Ordinance of the Imaun Omar-el-R ha tib, cou-
sin of Mahomed, has been revived and ordered to
be strictly carried into effect. This Ordinance,
it will be seen by our extracts, is directed,
not against the Greeks, but against Christians
in general, whom it reduces to a condition more
degraded and more lamentable than that of
the brutes under Turkish masters. If this be
true, what are we to think of those Christian
negociators, whose sole object is to maintain the
integrity of the Ottoman Empire in Europe ?
What views of interest or policy can justify in
the sight of Heaven, by whom after all the great
question is to be tried, the sacrifice of a Chris-
tian people and that of the Christian faith ? Yet
some of our contemporaries have expressed their
joy at what they termed " the happy result" of
the endeavours made to prevent a war, by which
the sanguinary,Crescent would be for ever driven
from the European shores ! They have enlisted
their wishes and their hopes on the side of Bar-
barians, whose first act of gratitude is to shed
fresh torrents of Grecian blood, and to trample
into the dust all that bear the name of Chris-
tians. We do not envy their triumph. We only
trust that it is premature ; and that there is suf-
ficient 'honesty among the Powers of Europe,
not to sacrifice the interests of humanity and of
that Holy Faith which they have formed a so-
lemn alliance to support, to egotistical fears and
interests. If they will not serve God, let them
at least not offer a whole people on the altars of
Mammon.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
Whatever may, be the termination of the se-
rious affair .which was in suspense when the
latest accounts left Madrid, there seems no diffi-
culty, according to the present state. of our infor-
mation, in imputing the origin of the disturbance
to the populace of Madrid. The success of their
desperate attack upon the prison in which
Vinuesa was confined, and the total impunity
which followed the barbarous massacre of this
obnoxious prisoner, seem to have inspired the
populace of Madrid with great confidence and
ferocity. That event was.an evidence of mise-
rable imbecility on the part of the Spanish Go-
vernment, and from the circumstances connect-
ed with it threw a suspicion equally on the
soundness of their hearts • and heads. It ap-
pears not improbable that some such project
was contemplated on the evening , of the
20th August, with respect to the obnoxious
soldiers confined at the post of San Mar-
tino ; but whether this were • so or not,
there yet' is evidence of a riotous disposition
on the part of the people previous to any military
interference, in their having assembled in front of
the post San Martino, singing the insulting song
Traga la Pero. Morillo seems to have acted in
a very justifiable manner in the assistance which
he afforded to the Political Chief of Madrid in

dispersing the people ; but we see no marks of ati '
energetic Or noble mind in the wretched excuses
subsequently offered to the mob by the Political
Chief, and also by Morillo. The Proclamation
issued by the latter was particularly contemptible.
Our readers had it in this Paper yesterday. It
undertook to draw a distinction in the avowed
exercise of military force between the drawing of
the General's sabre and its remaining hi its scab-
bard ! What mattered it whether struck
with his sabre, or commanded others to strike ?
The excuse was like that of a schoolboy, who,
when charged with robbing an orchard, declares
that he did not climb the. trees, he only picked
up the apples and carried them away. It is not
the use of his sabre that gives weight to the
presence of an officer. In manual exertion an
officer is generally inferior to a common sol-
dier. But what must be the effect of such
condescension upon the minds of an enraged
multitude? We are told in a private letter from
Madrid, that the appearance of Morillo's Pro-
clamation, instead of allaying the people, ex-
asperated them still further, and the writer pro-
ceeds to explain that this effect was produced by
an evident purpose in the letter to prevaricate
upon the subject. But not to this ought the
effect to be attributed. The people saw in this
excuse an acknowledgment of the weakness of
their antagonists, and they naturally pressed their
advantage. They exclaimed, 66 Death to Mo-
rillo !"—" The head of Morino!" louder than
before; and the event justified their estimate of
the strength of their voices and the weakness of
the Government. Morillo resigned, and the
King was then requiredt to appear and confirm
this popular triumph. •

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The evidence on Honey's Inquest is now
closed, and an adjournment to Tuesday next
has taken place, when the Coroner will sum up,
and the Jury will pronounce their verdict. Whe-
ther Counsel have or have not a right to interfere
with proceedings at Coroners' Inquests, is a
question on which we shall not now enter. One
thing, however, is certain, that their presence
is not calculated to forward the object for which
these Inquests are held. There is a material dis-
tinction between an inquiry for the purpose of
ascertaining in what manner an individual came
by his death, and the trial of the person or per-
sons who may afterwards be charged with that
death. In the former case, the utmost latitude
should be given to inquiry, and the application
of technical rules of evidence, in order to with-
draw from the Jury any thing calculated in any
manner to throw light on the subject inquired
into, seems entirely out of place. In the latter
case the inquiry is limited to the specific charges
against the persons on trial, and justice requires
that it should be conducted according to strict
and definite rules. Very mischievous conse-
quences might result from the employment of
Counsel. In a trial, Counsel are met by Coun-
sel, and ingenuity is opposed to ingenuity; but
at an Inquest, the Jury cannot be supposed a
match for th►e skill and ingenuity of the Bar, and
in order to be on something like equal terms, it
would be necessary for them to have Counsel to
assist them. The interruptions, and the distinc-
tions taken by legal ingenuity may protract the
inquiry in such a manner as to make it a heavy
burden on the Jurors, and the means of defeat-
ing the ends of justice. The persons guilty of
the crime inquired into, may, by the delays pro-
cured in this manner by Counsel, contrive to
make their escape from justice, and to set pursuit
at defiance, long before the verdict can be pro-
nounced.

[NEW TimEs.l
The Times and Chronicle have now found out
that the Riot Act is inconsistent with British
freedom, and that we have gone on for a century
in a state of slavery ; whereas, without this Act,
we might have enjoyed the precious liberty
which the people of Paris did in 1793, and to
which the people of Madrid are now advancing
with rapid strides.—The question is not whether
the Riot Act was necessary at the time it was
passed; no doubt it was opposed in Parliament,
as all great measures of State have been; but
even if we were to accede to the reasoning
of the Opposition of that day, having refer-
ence to the then state of society, it would still re-
main to be proved that with such a seditious Press
as now exists, with such combinations and confe-
deracies of the labouring classes, capable of be-
ing directed at any moment to rebellious pur-
poses, and with so many mob leaders, who either
have been tried for high treason, or have been
members of treasonable Societies—in short, with
so many revolutionary, elements in society,
which were wholly unknown to our ancestors, it
be not necessary at least to invest the Ma-
gistracy of the country with the powers which
they possess under the Riot Act. Listen to
The Times, and you will have no Riot Act, no
military, no means of saving the Govern-
ment from sudden subversion, or the City of
London from plunder and conflagration, except
the loyal Sheriff of Middlesex and his posse co-
mitatus ! When such a blessed state of things
arrives, we should like to know what will be
the price of Consols ?

The Inquest on Honey is again adjourned,
and thus fresh scope is given to the misrepresen-
tation which has been so actively practised by
the seditious and pseudo Whiggish Pros during
the period which has elapsed since the 14th of
August. The whole of that day's proceedings
has been entirely and continually falsified. For
a whole fortnight has the credulity of the public
been abused by exclamations against " butcher-
ing," " dreadful carnage," " military victories,"
" government by the sword," and what not ?
(Ibid.)

[THE TIMES.]
We have already stated what was made known
to us within these few days, that there exists
between Lieutenant Gore and another officer of
,the Ist Life Guards, a resemblance so strong as
to make it not easy to distinguish them. As one
of the witnesses had been puzzled by this like-
ness, and had afterwards asserted what Mr. Adol-
phus announced his intention to disprove, that
he saw Lieutenant Gore at the Horse Guards

on tlie sunray after her Majesty's fttnerai, it'
seems rather strange that a summons. has not
been issued to all the officers (their names being
known) who were on duty at Cumberland gate on
the day of the disturbance ; by which means,
if the gentleman resembling Mr. Gore should ap-
pear amongst them, the whole embarrassment
which has resulted from the contradictory evi-
dence in regard to him, would in all probability
be removed. As that young gentleman has dis-
tinctly sworn that he had no pistols of his own
on the day in question, and did not receive
a pistol from any of the troops under his com-
mand, it is impossible to refuse credit to such an
oath, without feelings too painful for expres-
sion. But there are other subalterns spoken of
as having been present; and why have not they
been called forth ? Why, once more, is it neces-
sary to have them called ?—gentlemen, men of
honour, as we believe them to be—men engaged
in the performance of a lawful, a necessary duty,
as we have been assured from the beginning ?
From the beginning—before one tittle of evi-
dence had been offered upon the facts of the
case, or on the origin of the dispute, it was da-
ringly insisted on, for the benefit, no doubt, of
the Coroner's Jury, that the Horse Guards
but repelled an unprovoked assault from a brutal
multitude ; and exerted themselves, first, to dis-
perse a riot. Unluckily, however, as none of the
materials of a riot were forthcoming, and as none
of those means and civil instruments were present
which would have made it lawful to put down a riot
.by military force, the darling plea of riot was
abandoned. Next, in the second place, came
self-defence. Now self-defence, if a man's life
be in actual peril, is a lawful plea, all the world
over. It is that justification which no man need
be, and which no man ever was, ashamed of.
What, then, must be the inference of all impar-
tial persons, if those who boast of having so
unanswerable an argument in support of their
own conduct, do not come forward and avow
what they have done ? For the witnesses
who have appeared on either side throughout
these proceedings, it is beside our purpose to
make their characters, situations, or connexions
the subject of remark. The nature of the de-
fence, however, though not the success of it, may
even at this stage of the investigation be noticed.
If the object of Counsellor Adolphus be to prove
that the soldiers cut and fired in self-de-
fence, and to justify the death of Honey on
the c3mmon principle of a first aggression, will it
not be necessary for him to show that Honey
himself was an aggressor ? In dispersing
a riot, under the authority of a Civil Magis-
trate, and where the mob proceed to violence, the
multitude may be looked upon in some sort as
one great culprit ; and an individual, however
innocent in his own person, may be slain without
making his destroyer criminal : but it is so
in that view of the subject which the evidence
both on behalf of the Crown and the Life
Guards imposes on us in the present instance ?
What proof of violence at Cumberland-gate, or
of the flinging of stones from the side of Hyde-
park, will sanction the shooting of a man at the
opposite side of Oxford-street—at a spot whence
no violence was offered to the soldiery ? Again
a string of officers was produced last
night, to prove that Lieut. Gore was not on
duty on Sunday the 19th at the Horse Guards ;
and that Lieutenants Lock and Walrond, in the
same regiment, were not painted or disguised on
the day of the inspection. Lieut. Lock, it was
the opinion of a Juror, might have been mistaken
for Mr. Gore. There is yet another adjournment
to 10 on Tuesday morning.

A Roman Catholic chapel was opened on Sun-
day last, at Sheerness ; it is not yet completely
finished, but when it is, it will accommodate be-
tween 400 and 500 persons.—The painting for
the altar-piece is to be sent from Rome.

THUNDER. STORMS.—AboIIt two o'clock on
Friday morning, a tremendous thunder storm,
accompanied with rain, passed over the metro-
polis. The lightning was most vivid : it came
from the westward, and we fear much damage
has been sustained by the crops on the ground.
It was near four o'clock before the war of ele-
ments had subsided. Passengers by the various
coaches that arrived in London yesterday report
the tempest of the preceding night to have been
the most awful and terrific ever remembered in
this country ; it appears to have been at its
greatest height between one and two o'clock in

the morning: The thunder was so loud, and the
lightning so strong, that the inhabitants on almost
all the roads had- quitted their beds. A tre-
mendous fire was seen from Hockliffe and Dun-
stable, which there was no doubt had been caused
by the elementary fluid.—On the evening of Sa-
turday last, many parts of the county of West-
moreland were visited by a severe storm of thun-
der and lightning.—The oldest inhabitants of
Ambleside and its neighbourhood can scarcely re-
member so awful a visitation of this kind ; but
we have not heard-of the occurrence of any acci=
dent at that place. At Burton the electric fluid
passed down a chimney and shattered the face of
a clock, without doing further injury. 'ln the
neighbourhood of Ravenstonedale the evening
was one continued scene of lightning, accom-
panied with exceedingly loud thunder and heavy
rain for some time. The hurricane was exces-
sively alarming, and no sooner was it in -some
measure abated, than a barn and cow house, the
property of Mr. R. Hewetson, of Locholin, in
that neighbourhood, were perceived to be all in
flames. Nothing, however, could be done to
preserve the building, as the roof and timber
were then ready to fall in. The only thins that
could be attempted is as to save a cow from the
impending ruins, but the animal was found to
have been struck dead, and evident marks of
lightning were visible in several places on the
carcase. The barn contained nearly 300 herds
of hay, all of which were totally burnt to ashes,
except a few yards which were, with the utmost
difficulty and danger, dragged out when day-
light appeared, but it will hardly be fit for use.
The dwelling house, with some of the furniture
of Mr. W. Jackson, of Eadies, in the_same neigh-
bourhood, was also much injured by the light-
ning, but we are happy to state that its inha-
bitants remained all unhurt.
