MAILS.

Arrived. Due 'Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due
0 America.......... 0 i I France 0 0 Lisbon I
0 Brazil
0 iluenosAyres.. 0 0 }Limburg 0 0 Mexico 0
0 Cartbagcna ..... 0 0 lio!land
I v)ublin... ...... 0 0 Jamaica 0 0 Sweden .. 0
I Flinders .......... 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 1 Waterford 0

!DOH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
1.10..rtimr.........11m.rmte, afte► 11 1 Evening......',l minutes Aft er 11.

Me publication of Trig SJN Z.4EWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

,'- :,..
...., ;,.-4.; ' .?* #‘1, ,-
11‘ 'r;.-- -4.. , ^', - ':. j" , AI
f,ts.'-'.' .1" ' `- Ag-4....-': 0 .0-.."' '‘• '

,

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING. MARCH 2, 1837.

The House of Lords did not meet yesterday.

In the House of Commons, the principal debate was •on
the Imprisonment for Debt Bill. The ATTORNEY-GENE-
RAL moved that the House,go into Committee on the Bill
for the Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt. Thereupon
RICHARDS, i❑ a repetition of the speech which he de-
livered on the same subject last session, and with the reci-
t;:l of which he List night occupied the Howe for nearly
two hours, moved as an amendment that the Bill be com-
mitted that clay six MORES. As we havo noticed in a se-
pirAte article the Hon. Member for Knaresborough's
amendment, his subsequent wish to abandon it, and the
into which he was ultimately forced, we will here
ortly state that the result of this division—the evasion of
whit'•: Mr. WASON and Mr. WAKLEY very properly pre-
Irmted=was 95 against Mr. RICHARDS'S amendment, and
riot one for it

The House then went into Committee on the Bill, and
proceeded as far as the 1 lth clause without much discus-
The 12th clause enacts that the defendant shall, after
anal judgment against him, delver a schedule of his effects,
Ste. ; and in default thereof the defendant shall be sum-
men& beim e the Court or a Commissioner ; and that if he
still re fuses to make a full disclosure relative to his pro-
perty, Ile shall be committed to prison until he submits
biniself to tile Court, signs a specification of his property,
or until he• sa6sties the judgment obtained against him.
In this clause an amendment was carried by the Attorney-
General, the effect of which .is to exempt persons who
have the privilege of Parliament. There was also some
discussion on that clause empowering judgment creditors
to seize the goods in possession of debtors, of which they
were the reputed owners. That clause, however, and all
the others, were ultimately agreed to, and the Report was
ordered to be received on Monday.
Before the House went into Committee, the proceedings
had reference chiefly to the time when the discussion on
certain Bills would be taken.

The Imprisonment for Debt Bill went through Commit-
tee last night in the Commons. On the motion by the AT-
TORNEY-GENERAL that the Speaker leave the Chair, Mr.
RICHARDS edified the House by a long tirade against
the Bill, which, 4.0 have been in its proper place, should
have been delivered on the second reading. The Hon.
Member, if he did nothing else, moved the risible muscles
of his auditors, by the blundering way in which he worded
his amendment, by which the Speaker would have been con-
demned to sit for six months without intermission in the
chair—a penance which we think the Right. Hon. Gentle-
man has scarcely deserved, considering the punctuality
with which he discharges his official duties.
Mr. RICHARDS pressed his opposition to a division, for
which we cordially thank him. The issue showed what
effect his arguments bad produced on the House ; for when
the numbers were counted, they were found to be all on
one side, there being 93 for, and none against, its going
into Committee. What became of Mr. Ricuattns we do
not presume to conjecture ; for the ATTORNEY-GENERAL
announced to the House, that he had the authority of the
tellers for stating, that had they had the privilege of voting,
they would have voted with the majority.
The principle of this Bill having been discussed in the
last two Sessions of Parliament, and having received the
approbation:of the best legal authorities in the country as well
as that of the public, it is not necessary that we should enter
into an examination of a measure which can find no opponent
but the Hon. Member for Knaresborough. The law, as
it stands at present, is cruel, immoral, and ineffective. This
is allowed by every one who is qualified to form an im•
partial judgment on the subject. It is therefore imperative
on the legislature to amend it, and we think that
this will be effectually accomplished by the measure which
the ATTORNEY-GENERAL has prepared, and is now con-
•ducting so triumphantly through the House of Commons,
the great principle of which is to take away the creditor's
power over the person, and enlarge his power over the pro-
perty, of his unfortunate debtor.

Mr. Alderman WOOD 15 most unfortunate with his Me-
tropolis Hackney Carriages' Bill, which was lost last night,
for the third time, by the counting out of the House. We
like not such a way of getting rid of subjects for legislation
—.for we cannot believe that this Bill was thrice so de-
feated by mere accident. If Hon. Gentlemen dislike the
principles of any particular Bill, let them say so ; if they
neither know the principles nor the details, let them leave
the discussion of both to those who do ; but on no ac-
count ought they to have recourse to a desertion of
the House to defat any measure, however popular or unpo-
pular. It is too bad that London should suffer from the
want of laws to regulate the conduct of hackney coachmen
and ,lab-drivers, because certain members of the House of
Commons may deem such grievances too trilling to he re-
mezlied at their hands. Mr. Alderman Wooo's Bill is
much wanted, And we trust will be brought forward under
better auspices early in the next session of Parliament.

If accounts are to i!'e credited, the Commander-in-Chief
of the Conservative party hat issued orders for a general
c.noncil, to consider what I;ne of dc fence they are now to take
up, and on what position they are t;.-) make their last stand
against the encroachments of Whigs and Radicals. The
Church-rate Bill, to be brought forwavil to-morrow, in
~.ormer times, when Church-of-Englandism was rampant,
and the Dissenters shut out from every (ace, might have
br .en made a subject of great importance, and held up as a
pro, lac r theme for rousing the uncharitable spirit of Ligotry ;
but , vast changes which have taken place in the public
mind, since lB2B—memorable for the abolition of the Test
arid C, ,r ?oration Acts—and the judicious plan which, we
anticipa.`-ei will be submitted by Government as a remedy
for the g.
for must convince even the High-Church
party that tkicli assistance cannot be expected from that

quarter. We believe the more sober among the Tories see
even still less hope of success by making a stand on the Irish
Municipal Bill, knowing well that no House of Commons
would furnish them with the means to coerce Ireland, and
that without such means they must retire from office with more
ignominy than they did in 183.5. Their last chance then
is to renew the " no-Popery" cry on the Irish Tithe Bill ;
but though they may be flattered and cheered on by such
crotchety men as Dr. CHALMERS, and some two or three
of the Wesleyan ministers, they cannot conceal from them-
selves the facts, that with these exceptions all the Dis-
senters, all the Liberal party among the Protestants, and
nearly all the Irish people, will be against them ; and that
the impartial and reflecting portion of the people of Eng-
land begin to see, that under the flimsy pretext of support-
ing the Irish Church, they are making a stand only for their
own self-interests and Orange ascendancy in Ireland. The
people of England will consider what the Tories have done,
or consented to, within the last ten years, and compare the
danger caused by their arts, with the imaginary danger from
granting a small pittance out of Church property for pur-
poses of general education. The Tories did away with
religious tests in Corporations ; they admitted Catholics
to the House of Commons—they helped to cut down the
Episcopal Establishment in Ireland, and they are now
moving heaven and earth to cat up, root and branch, the
close corporations, formed, as some of them say, for the
protection of the Irish Church ; and yet, after having done
all this mischief, they are determined to do still more, and
refuse their consent to the adoption of a principle which
would render that Church less odious to the Irish nation.
If any' man look at the subject impartially, he cannot fail
to be convinced that the Tories, even as regards that
Church, are the greatest Destructives in existence. We
always thought that the 47th clause of the Irish Tithe
Bill did not go far enough, and that it would have
been more just and more politic to reduce still more
the number of the Clergy—to leave them only in towns
and districts where they could benefit Protestants,
without keeping up a recruiting depot in almost every
parish to the annoyance of the Catholics, and without
the slightest prospect of making one sincere convert. If
such a plan were adopted, the Church of Ireland would
become less odious, and consequently more secure ; and the
strong antipathy to Protestant Episcopacy would in time die
away, as a still stronger antipathy has died away in Scotland.
We despair, however, of the Tories learning wisdom from
experience, and fear that by their blindness and obstinacy
they will rouse a spirit of resistance in Ireland, which will
not be allayed without concessions still greater than even
those they have yet made.

The whole of the Paris Journals of Tuesday have been
received. The Manilater contains a report addressed to
the KING by Admiral ROSAMEL, the Minister of Marine,
enumerating the peace-establishment naval force of France.
The report is followed by a Royal Ordinance, by which the
French Navy is thus regulated

NO. GUNS.
40 First-rate ships of war - from 80 to 120
50 Frigates from 40 to 60
220 Corvettes, Brigs, and Gunboats, from 30 to 6
40 Steamers, of from 150 to 300 horse-power.
Of the first-rates and frigates only one half are to be kept
constantly afloat ; but of the inferior vessels none are to re-
main idle in the docks, except when undergoing repairs.
The Disjunction Bid was opposed in the Chamber of
Deputies, on Tuesday, by M. DtTPIN, in a speech of great
research and ability. The President denounced, in strong
terms, the habit, recently adopted, of changing fundamental
laws to, meet temporary evils. He contended, that in the
best-governed States of ancient and modern times, the
wisest princes, in passing stringent laws, took care to pro-
vide that they should not outlive the causes which led to
their adoption. Tc pass permanent laws to meet every

partial evil that would arise would be the very way to
overturn a Government. If the fundamental laws of France
were found wanting in penal sanctions, in the case of some
but necessarily short-lived iniquity, the proper
plan would not he to abolish, but to suspend their operation
fJr a time, and let their place be supplied by temporary
statutes. The President further implored the Chamber to
bear in mind, that so surely as it passed bad laws, so surely
would they Le violated ; and upon its head would rest the
blood of the victims of legal injustice.

There were several others to speak in opposition to this
Bill when the Chamber rose on Tuesday. Ministers will
find it difficult to carry it, and should they succeed, it is
likely to effect a thousand times more evil than good.

The Temp: states that the death of COME; of which some
natural doubts were expressed, is confirmed. Don CAnLos
caused him to be shot without mercy. This atrocious mur-
der will open the eyes of the Carlist chieftains to a view
of the real character of the eowardly ruffian in whose ser-
vice they are embarked.

The Mesga!;er of Monday night stated that the French
Government had offered its mediation at St. Petersbure,
for the arrangement of the difficulties which the seizure
of the Vixen had raised between Great Britain and
Russia. The Courtier Francais contradicts this as pure
invention unworthy of the slightest credit.
The following extract from the correspondence of a Paris
Journal is deserving of notice :
BUCHAREST', FEB. 3.—The affair of the Vixen has thrown
consternation among our merchants, not because some houses
of our town were interested in the cargo of this vessel, which
has been confiscated by Russia; but because we see clearly that
the commerce of our country is at the mercy of the Autocrat.
It appears that this blow against England was meditated this
long time; for in the month of December the Baron Ruck-
mann, Consul-General of Russia in Wallachia, invited all the
noblemen who wore Russian decorations to the dinner which
he gave on the fete day of the Emperor Nicholas. At this
banquet took place a conversation respecting the commercial
relations which England was seeking to create with Wallachia,
and the Consul said, amongst other things, that the Emperor
would never permit the English to mingle in the affairs of a
country placed under his dominion or his protection. The
Russian agents overrun our countries as well as Bulgaria, and
excite the people to revolt against the Sultan. For some time
the Prince of Ghyk a has been badly received by M. Ruckmann.
Annexed are the only other extracts from these journals
worthy of regard.
PARIS, FEB. 27.—The following is pretty nearly what has
been resolved on the subject of our foreign possessions in
Africa :—First, the expedition to Constantine shall be de-
ferred. No decision has yet been come to on this head. We
retain the resentments of the affront which we have suffered,
to make use of it in the sequel, if there should be any oc-
casion.

Our anticipations respecting the dis"cord which existed be-
tween the Spanish Generals, were well founded. Espartero
and Evans do not agree, and Saarsfield seems inclined to
march alone on his side. In the midst of these animosities,
caused by pride and egotism, the people of Bilboa alone re-
main true to their ancient glory and patriotic devotedness.
They have raised a large loan to enable Espartero to act.
FEB. 27.—A report is spread this evening that the Ministers
defer the expedition to Constantine till September next—that
is to say, it is deferred sine die. The Government Press pre-
pared us this morning for such a result.—Constitutionnel,
Feb. 28.

FRENCH FUNDS.—FA FITS, FEB.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 70c SOc. 75c.
Four per Cents., 100 f. 95c.
Three per Cents. 79f. 75c.
Bank Actions, 2,415 f.
Rente de Naples, 98f. SOc.
Roman Five per Cents., 102 102 M,
Spanish Actives, 26 2614 %3.
Spanish Passives,
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 103.
Belgian Society, 1,555 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 115%.

EXCHANGE ON LONDON.

One month, paper, —f. —c.; money, 25f. 32%e.
Three months, paper, —f. —c.; money, 25f. 1.21 -
-Coors Autlientiguc.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 75c.
Three per Cents. 79f. 80c.
Bank Actions, 2,415 t:
Cente de Nap!es, 98f. 90c.
Rom.in Five per Cents., 102.14.
Belgian Loan, 103.
Brussels Bank, 1,435 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 31%.
Spanish Actives, 26%.
Spanish Passives, 71,x.
Spanish Differes, 814.
Belgian Society, 1,5.55 f.
nEt_c; I AN I. UNDS—Bstusscrs, Fen. 28.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. IOOX
Loan of Thirty Millions 9273
Loan of City, 1&12, 4 per Cent. 99
Society of Commerce, 4;;Eper Cent 13444
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent l-10%
Brussels Papers, March 1.
DUTCH FUN DS—AusTcaoss: Fee. 27.
o Bills.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent M
52 ney. N
53
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent. t.1001,, MON
A inott Syndic, 4% per cent.— ............ 9314 9314
Ditto, ditto, 31.', per cent 76 78
Commercial Company, 4 per cent lB4 1844
Ditto (Mk? and 11E< L 1) 5 per cent. ..... 87 .?4 816!‘
lixchanze on London, One month •1 197%
Two mouths
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, Feu. 18.
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1371
—4llzeineine Zcitung, Feb. •23.

Madrid Journals of the 00th ult., and up to that date
inclusive, have been received. The alarm created in the
capital by the appearance of CABRERA in La Mancha had
greatly subsided. On the 19th the Cortes held a secret sit-
ting, in which Ministers were reproached for not better pro-

tecting the interior of the Kingdom against the inroads of
the Carlist insurgents. They had a force of 20,000 infantry,
and 2,000 cavalry at their disposal, in the centre of the King-
dom, besides the immense force north of the Ebro, and yet
they allowed the peace of the capital to be disturbed by
apprehensions of the approach of CABRERA'S brigands.
The Government excused its own conduct in the best
manner it could. CALATRAVA observed that the necessary
orders had been given, and that the rebels had fled on the
approach of a battalion of the Regiment of Zamora.
There were no disturbances of any moment in the pro-
vinces of Cordova, Estremadura, Seville, or Galicia.
Don NARCISSO LOPEZ, Commandant of Cuenca, has
marched against the rebels, and appointed General NATI,
VAEZ, confined by a Royal ordinance to that province, to
replace him during his absence. This is certainly a strange
mode of complimenting the Cabinet. However, things
are so out of the way in Spain, that we ought not to be
surprised at anything that may happen.
There is no other news of any moment in these papers.
The QUEEN-REGENT was in good health, but wisely ab-
stained from taking any very active part in public affairs,
leaving the chief business of the State to the sole manage-
ment of the Cortes.

We have received by the packet ship George Washington,
a file of New York Papers to the 10th ult. inclusive. They
contain no intelligence from the south of any importance.

We copy from them, for the information of our mercantile
readers, the following two sections of a Bill, which has
passed the Senate for the regulation of Foreign Import

Duties :

Be it enacted, &c. That, from and after the 30th day of
June, in the year of our Lord 1837, in addition to the articles
exempted from the payment of duty by the various revenue
laws of the United States now existing and in force, the ar-
ticles hereafter named in this section of this act, imported into
any collection district of the United States, shall be admitted
free of duty, viz : •
Floor matting, usually made of flags, or other materials ;
square wire, used for the manufacture of stretchers for um-
brellas, and cut in pieces nut exceeding the length used for
stretchers; aquafortis, Brazil pebble prepared for spectacles;
crystals for watches, diamonds for glaziers, dressed furs, em-
broidery, all articles composed wholly or chiefly of gold, jew-
elry, gold and silver laces, muriatic acids, bicromate of potash,
cremate of potash, prussiate of potash, chronometers, tartaric
acids, barley, straw or grass baskets, composition, wax or
amber beads, all other beads, not otherwise enumerated in the
existing laws, Prussian blue, bolting cloths, button moulds, ca-
lomel, carbonate of Soda, cashmere of Thibet, corrosive sub-
limate, down of all kinds, feathers for beds, gold leaf, hair
bracelets, hair, not made up for head dresses, lamp black, linen
padding, (if not suitable for cotton bagging,) sulphate of mag-
nesia, mustard, saled oil, almond paste, perfumes, pickles, per-
fumed hair powder, tooth-powder, sulphate of quinine, Ro-
chelle salts, fossil and crude mineral salt, fancy and perfumed
shaving and other soaps, including Windsor, and washballs,
emetic tartar, building tiles, paving tiles, washes, otto of roses,
oil of bergamot, oil of lemon, essential oil of rose, oil of carra-
wav, oil of lavender, oil of rosemary, cosmetics, anticorrosive
lithie paints, linen tape, sextants, quadrants, telescopes, and
glasses for sextants, quadrants, telescopes, gold, silver, and
precious stones, hair cloth and hair seating, indigo, cotton and
thread laces, manufactured and prepared quills, common tinned
and japanned saddlery, china and porcelain wares, earthen and
stone wares, watches of all kinds, and parts of watches, silver
and plated ware, worsted yarn, blankets, the value not exced-
ing seventy five cents each, vinegar, olive oil, teas of all kinds,
chocolate, Cayenne pepper, cigars, bristles, corks, copper rods
and bolts, copper nails and spikes, books prior to 1773, books
in other languages than Greek, Latin, English, glass bottles,
demijohns, common salt, anchovies, and sardines, ground and •
polished looking glass plates, silvered and unsilvercd.
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and after the
thirtieth lay of Juno, in the year 1837, the duties now' by law
chargeable upon all wines and all spirits made of vinous mate-
rials imported into the United States, shall be reduced ono
half, and from and after that day no more than one half the
rates of duty now chargeable upon any wines and spirits made
of vinous materials of any country shall be assessed or collected.
A scene of a disgraceful nature, which baffles all descrip-
tion, took place in the House of Representatives at Wash-
ington, on the 6th ult. Mr. An.ams asked leave to pre-
sea a petition against slavery, signed by thirty-two slaves.
The most violent uproar ensued, the moment the question
was asked. The Members from the Southern States pro-
posed that Mr. ADAMS should be punished for daring to
introduce the question of slavery into the Assembly, and a
motion for the expulsion of the Hon. Gentleman actually
occupied the House for two days, and was not disposed of
whin the mails left Washington! 'rhe drollest part of the
affair was, that the petition, in the course of the debate,
was discovered to be a hoax, and that its prayer was against
the abolition of slavery. However, the Southern Members
were implacable, having suffered so much before from the
humane efforts of Mr. ADAMS to abolish slavery in the
United States.

The Mowing is a copy of the important Message of the
President to Congress on the Affairs of Mexico :
At the beginning of this session Congress was informed
that our claims upon Mexico had not been adjusted, but that,
notwithstanding the irritating effect upon her councils of the
movements in Texas, I hoped by great forbearance to avoid
the necessity of again bringing the subject of them to your
notice. That hope has been disappointed. Having in vain
urged upon that Government the justice of these claims, and
my indispensable obligation that there should be 'no further
delay in the acknowledgment, if not in the redress, of the in-
juries complained of,' my duty requires that the whole subject
should be presented, and now is, for the action of Congress,
whose exclusive right it is to decide on the further measures
of redress to be employed.
The length of time since some of the injuries have been
committed, the repeated and unavailing applications for re-
dress, the wanton character of some of the outrageJ upon the
property and persons of our citizens, upon the flag of the
United States, independent of recent insult to this Govern-
ment and people by the late extraordinary minister, would jus-
tify, in the eyes of all nations, immediate war. That remedy,
however, shouid not be used by just and generous nations,
confiding in their strength, fur injuries committed, if it can
be honourably avoided ; and it has occurred to me, that con-
sidering the present embarrassed condition of that country, we
should act both with wisdom and moderation by giving to
Mexico one more opportunity to atone for the past, before we
take redress into our own hands.

To avoid all misconception on the part of Mexico, as well
as to protect our national character from reproach, Ill's
op portunity should be given, with the avowed design and full
preparation to take immediate satisfaction, if it should not be
obtained on a repetition of the demand for it. To this end, I
recommend that an Act be passed. authorising reprisals, and
the use of the naval force of the United States, by the Execu-
tive, against Mexico, to enforce them, in the event of a re-
fusal by the Mexican Government, to come to an amicable ad-
justment of the matters in controversy between us, upon an-
other demand thereof made, from on board one of our vessels
of war on the coast of Mexico. The documents herewith trans-
mitted, with others sent to the House of Representatives here-
tofore, will enable Congress to judge of the propriety of the
course pursued, and to decide upon the necessity of that now
recommended.

If these views should fail to meet:the concurrence of Con-
gress, and that body be able to find in the condition of the
affairs between the two countries, as disclosed by the accompa-
nying documents, with those referred to, any well-grounded
reasons to hope that an adjustment of the controversy between
them can be effected without a resort to the measures I have
felt it my duty to recommend, they may be assured of my co-
operation in any other course that shall be deemed honourable
and proper.
Washington, Feb. 6.

ANDREW JACKSON.

In the late fire at Naples the Prince of Syracuse
lost nearly 60,000 ducats in bank-notes.

GRINISTONE'S E-YE-S:surv.--The utility of this
important preparation is becoming daily more apparent, and
the fact is we understand now established beyond controversy
that during the prevalence of that scourge cholera, those who
used Grimstone's Eye-Snuff escaped the malaria. (See Dr.
Andrews's Reports.) When frequently used, it is well known
to renovate the nervous system, and by its action upon the
pituitary membrane, it exercises a most salutary influence
upon the optic nerve. As this article is entirely mad© from
British herbs, it deserves, even in a mercantile point of view,
the consideration of all those who prefer the encouragement
of a wholesome and useful article of home manufacture to the
narcotic herb, tobacco. On the whole, the inventor appears
to us to be entitled to the thanks of the country for the emi-
nent services he has conferred upon it by this discovery.

A post-office omnibus, similar to those of London,
now starts every morning from the General Post-office at
Paris. It contains 12 persons, and commenced running on
Tuesday last. Eight of these vehicles leave the General
Post-office every two hours, from seven in the morning till
seven in the evening, conveying the letter-carriers to their se-
veral beats. The letters brought by the couriers, from the
departments, and from foreign countries, the delivery of which
has been hitherto delayed to mid-day, will, in consequence of
the new arrangement, be delivered in the most remote parts
of the cap.ital, at about nine o'clock in the morning. It is
said that a setter-box, into which letters may be dropped
en passant, is tu be attached to the back part of each vehicle.
This arrangement wall he no slight accommodation in quarters
of the town in which the receiving offices are " few and far be-
wean." The latter arrangement might be adopted at home.
It is this week our
Incholy duty to announce
this mournful event that
ttihiee dueialit‘h.erosfitDy ro.fJsatc.ksAonnd,rle'lrvo,sfe.sgy: of Natural Philosophy in
venerable seat of learning has lost one of its brightest orna-
ments, and society one of its most valuable members: Dr.
Jackson was a man of great original talent, and no less dis-
tinguished for his acquired attainments. Literature and science
were equally at his command ; and while lie taught the class
of Natural Philosophy with an ability never surpassed, he would
have worn the gown of Humanity or of Greek with no less
dignity and honour. Rut his virtues, if possible, exceeded his
acquirements. lie was a man of the strictest integrity—un-
blameable in all the relations of life, pnd indefatigable as a
teacher.—Edinburgh Evening P6st.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-(THIS DAY.)

VERE V. VEER.

The further argument in this case, which was partly heard
on Friday last, was resumed this morning before Lords
BROUGHAM and LYNDHURST.

Dr. LUSHINGTON having concluded his case on behalf of the
Respondents,
Mr. TINNEY was heard in reply. The Learned Gentleman
had not concluded when our Reporter left.

CRIMINAL COURT-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

The new Judge, Mr. Justice COLTMAN, commenced this
morning to discharge his judicial functions by taking his seat
on the bench of the Central Criminal Court, accompanied
by Mr. Justice PARK and Mr. Justice BOSANQUET.
HORSE-STEALING.—George Green was indicted for stealing
on the night of the 19th of January, a gelding, value 101.,
the property of Thomas Morgan.
Thomas Morgan—l am a surgeon, residing at Woodford,
in Essex. On the morning of the 20th of Janury I heard
from my servant that my gelding was stolen from the field ;
that field was fenced all round. From my observation of it
next day I think more than one person must have been en-
gaged in stealing the gelding out of it. The gelding had
not shoes on at the time. In consequence of some informa-
tion I obtained I saw Mr. Abbott. I discovered my horse in
the streets of London on the 30th of January, and it was sub-
sequent to this that I called on Mr. Abbott.
Charles Knight—l am servant to Mr. Morgan. I re-
member missing the horse on the morning of the 20th of
January. I saw him on the evening before at about four
o'clock. The horse must have been got out over the hedge,
which next day I observed broken.
Arnold Heath—l am the son of the person who keeps the
" William the Fourth" public-house, Camberwell. I know
Woodford in Essex, that is about eleven miles from Camber-
well. On the 20th of January I saw the prisoner at ten
o'clock at night. He brought a horse, saying they had bought
a hack, and asked me to let him put him in the stable for the
night. I allowed him to remain. I had known the prisoner
before : he was a horse clipper. I observed the horse ;it had
no shoes on. I and Mr. Abbott saw the horse together ; it
was in his possession, and was the same the prisoner brought
to my father's house. When the prisoner came to my father's
the horse appeared a little fatigued. The horse remained in
the stable until Tuesday. On Sunday a man of the name of
Scudds, and the prisoner, went to the stable ; they partly
clipped him. On Tuesday Scudds took away the horse. On
the evening of that day Scudds, in the hearing of the prisoner,
said he had sold the horse. I think the fair value of the horse
was about 51. or. 6/.

Abbott—My father is a contractor of the Post-office,
horsing the carts, &c. On the 24th of January I saw a horse
in my father's yard ; a man was with him. I bought the
horse, and gave him 51. for him. I afterwards let the witnctss
Heath see the horse at the time of the examination at the
Police-office.

The prisoner, in his defence, stated that he was in the em-
ployment of the man Scudds, and that it was by his desire he
left the horse at the stables of the William the Fourth Camber-
well.

Mr. Justice PARK told the jury if they believed the prisoner
to have acted only as the servant of Scudds in bringing the
horse to the William the Fourth public-house, and not to have
been concerned in the actual stealing, they were bound to
acquit the prisoner.
The jury returned a verdict of—Not Guilty.
