WEST INDIES.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM JAMAICA, DATED 14TH OF
AUGUST, 1838. _ .

The intelligence communicated to you in my last has been
realized now fourteen days, and nothing can equal the good
and orderly conduct of the peasantry. In this town the happy
day was ushered in by the acclamations of thousands who had
been praying till the clock struck twelve on the 31st of July.
Some of the idle girls then went through the streets singing
a song which they had composed, of which I caught as they
passed nay house the following words :
" Thank ye, Massa, free come ;
Thank ye, Masses, slavery done."
The air to which it was sung was a pleasing one; it sounded
better than it reads on paper. The more sedate and sober
negroes retired after twelve o'clock to rest, fur what was to
take place in the morning. As soon as it was daylight on the
following morning groups of negroes crowded the streets, con-
gratulating each other on the happy event. The Churches
and different places of worship were crowded to an excess, and
the 13ishop delivered in the parish Church a most excellent
and impressive sermon on the occasion, which is to be printed.
His Excellency, the Governor, had appointed two o'clock, to
receive the offer of thanks from the body of Baptists in the pa-
rish, and a little before that hour, the procession, composed of
nearly 3,000 persons, commenced moving from tho Rev. Mr. '
Philippo's Chapel, headed by a person bearing the union
Jack, hoisted on a pole, (one of the strongest men I have seen)
for the breeze was strong, and he continued to hold the pole
erect, to enable the flag to over. Next, were some of their
leaders and teachers, then came the children and teachers of
the metropolitan school, next the youths, and then the Rev.
Mr. Philippe headed the adults and older persons. There
were fl:gs of different coloured silks, most of which were exe-
cuted by Mr. Ramsay of this town, and these flags bore the'
names of the following personages, in large gold and silver
letters : —Victoria, Sligo, Mulgrave, Brougham, Lionel
Smith, and Sturge. There were many more flags with
religious and other devices and inscriptions. The square
opposite the King's House was crowded long before the
procession came in sight, and every window and gallery of
the public buildings were filled. When the bearer of the union.
flag had turned the corner of the railing of the square, next
the new buildings, the precession had sot finished leaving
the corner in the main street opposite to the house formerly
occupied by Mr. Sullivan. The whole square was in time filled,
and there still remained a long train in the street, reaching as
far as the gates of De. Turner's house. The sight was an
imposing one for this country, and conducted with the greatest
order and regularity, and there was not the least confusion or
disturbance. They sung a hymn; and his Excellency, after
receiving their homage, through Mr. Philippe, addressed
them. They gave, at his Excellency's word, three cheers
for our youthful Queen, and I assure you they made the
square ring again, After this was over they moved off
in a different direction back to their Chapel. In the
afternoon there was scarcely a person to be seen in the
streets, and not one drunken or disorderly person to be
found, so that this great day, which was to be a day of murder
and fire, passed eft" in the most harmonious and quiet manner.
His Excellency attended a dinner given in the open air,
at Dawkins Caymanas, by the class negroes of the
Baptists of those estates, where three hundred negroes sat
down at table. They erected a most beautiful bower of cocoa
nut branches and flowers, and the table was laid inside. A
tittle separated from their table, was one laid for his Ex-
cellency and their guests, and they were particularly cautious
whom they asked. They invited the Governor and his Staff,
and these were present. His Excellency, Captain Darling,
Mr. Murphy, Mr. Bavness and his Lady, Mr. Philippo, (their
Minister,) and his lady, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Ramsay.
This party were conducted with the greatest regularity, and
a better dinner has net I,;.!en seen in this colony for some
time. Sir Lionel was highly pleased, and enjoyed himself
at dinner, and they paid him every honour and respect, taking
off the horses from his carriage, as soon as it appeared at
the gate on the Kingston Road, and dra:eing it into the
Caymanas.

On Saturday last, as the Hero (Woreester and
Newport coach) was on its way to the former town, and when
near to the Belle Vue Hotel, Malvern, the axletree of the
hind wheel broke, and the coach went over with great force.
There was at the time the full complement of passengers, in.
side and out, and we regret to state that Mr. H. Trar.t, of
Malvern Wells, had his thigh hone fractured, and was also very
much bruised; and the Rev. Mr. M'Donnell, of Birmingham,
had his anc!e and foot sprained; the other passengers escaped
with a few bruises. —Birmingham Advertiser.
TIIE VOLUNTARY PRINCIPLE.—A man goes to
his Minister to inform him of the death of his wife. " What
will you give me for burying her?" asks the Priest. " I am
poor," replies the applicant. " Well, give me your cow."
" No, a cow is too valuable; I have a goose—you shall have
that." " That is too little, I will not bury your wife for a
goose ; pay be 30 rubles." " I will give 20." " No, I will
take 20 and a shirt." And so the bargain is concluded, but
cordiality is at an end.—Elliott's Three Great Empires.
RAILWAY FROM MANCHESTER TO THE HUM-
BLa.—We learn that a survey of the proposed line from the
Sheffield and Manchester Railway near Penistone to the Hum-
ber, is now proceeding under the superintendence of Mr.
Lock, and that it is expected that he will in a short time be
enabled to make his report upon its engineering merits.
Shfifirll Iris.

We regret to state that in the Derby, Nottingham,
and Mansfield districts the silk hole and glove trades are in a
most deplorable state. Not above one-fourth of the hands are
partially employed ; and the jewellery business in this town is in
I similar condition, and has been so throughout the year. This
is a very poor prospect for winter. A few of these hands have
sought employment on the railroads, but, ill-fitted as they are
for this kind of labour by their previous employment, it is a
painful alternative. —Derby Reporter.
As the Ocean steam-boat was coming to the gang-
way to land her passengers, between six and seven o'clock this
evening ( Monday), having just returned from a pleasure excur-
sion, the vessel having too much way, came in contact with a
vessel lying at the quay. The concussion was so great that
four people were thrown overboard, and one female named
English, belonging to Gateshead, we regret to say, is drowned.
—Tyne Mercury.

BONDED VVIIEAT.—About 145,600 quarters of
foreign wheat have been released from bond on payment of the
duty of one shilling per quarter, at the Cu‘tom-house at this
port, from the 15th to the 21st day of September, both inclu.
sive, and it is expected that the amount upon which 2s. Bd.
per quarter will be paid up to the conclusion of this day will
be above 15,000 qrs.—Hull Advertiser.

THE LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY.

—The inhabitants of Hemel Hempstead, Berkhampstead, and
places contiguous, have expressed great dissatisfaction at the
course of conduct pursued by the Directors of the London and
Birmingham Railroad. It appears that when the railway was
first opened the faro to Boxmoor was two shillings and six-
pence. At that time the coach fare was four shillings. When
the coaches had been obliged to desist from competition the
Directors advanced their charge to three and sixpence, sub-
sequently to four shillings, and now to five !
The Falcon Cliff property, in the Isle of Man,
was disposed of by lottery last week, and the principle prize,
(1,5001.) fell into the hands of a gentleman in 11Ianchester.
At the end of the third day's drawing all the chief prizes were
still in the wheel, in consequence of which a number of
wealthy gentlemen purchased all the tickets remaining on
hand, for which they gave the sum of 2,400/. ; and for this
spirited conduct they were rewarded by the third and various
smaller prizes, which amounted in value to 3,:165/. ; thus
clearing 1,4651. by their somewhat novel speculation.—Cum-
berland Packet.

MICHAELMAS DAY, SEPT. 29.—1 t was a custom
in Hertfordshire on this day for young men to assemble in the
fields and choose a leader, whom they were obliged to follow
through ponds and ditches, "over brake and briar"--so says
the dil.gent antiquary, Brand. Every person they met with
was taken up by the arms and " bumped," or swung against
anther. A gallon of ale and a plumb-cake was furnished by
each publican, and consumed in the open air. It was called
"gauging day" in early times.
APOTHECARIES' HALL.—Names of gentlemen to
whom the Court of Examiners granted certificates of quali-
fication on Thursday :—Robert Francis Woollett, Usk, Mon-
mouthshire ; Benjamin North Arnold, Birmingham ; John
Charles Thomas Nicoll, Worcester ; James Williamson, Nor-
thumberland; Henry Stephens, Exeter; John Morris Baynon,
Haverfordwest ; John Jones, Dinas; Charles Henry Claridge;
Samucl Robert Kay, Bolton-le-Moors ; Charles 'William Ot-
way, London.
Yesterday a determined act of self-destruction was
perpetrated by a highly-respectable man, named Henry Ro-
gers, aged 40, residing in East-street, Walworth. It appmrs
that, owing to some misunderstanding with his wife, be bad
been for some time estranged from his family, whom, however,
he supported in a most respectable manner, as he held an e-
cellent situation in the East India House. The mode in
which he procured the poison is at present unknown, but _
was discovered in his apartment in a state of insensibility, and
from thence couve)ed to St. Thomas's Hospital,
_e where
_ the
usual remedies were administered, but without effect. H
left a widow, and, it is said, eight children.
