SPORTING IN TELLIGEN CE.

TATTERSALL' B—YESTERDAY.
The room was crowded until a late period, and two or three
changes took place in the Derby betting, but business on the whole
was " unseasonably" dull. The Grey was backed for 300/., the
greater portion of it being got on at a fraction under 4 to 1.
Pheenik was backed for rather more at 5, si, and 5,12- to 1, the latter
being offered at the close. Cobham was in general demand, and
'several hundreds were laid out at 9 and 10 to 1, the lower price
being the last taken. lon closed at 10 to 1, and Young Rowton at
11 to; 1, neither in any great favour. D'Egville made a rapid
advance; several parties endeavoured to get on but failed, nearly
all the betters round appearing to be full against him ; nothing was
done, and all that we could gather at the finish.of the.afternoori was
that.one or two would bet 12, and plenty take 14 to I. 20 to I
was betted against Bullion, Beggarman, and Nonplus colt, sepa-
rately, to small amounts ; and the same odds offered afterwards.
Bullion had the call of the three. Conservator's party, rather
stronger than usual, laid out two or three hundred pounds at 45,
40, and finally 35 to 1. Heavy odds were laid against two country
horses, Tom and Constantine. The latter will van it to Epsom.
Last prices :

THE DERBY.
4 to I agst Lord G. Bentinck's Grey Momus—taken
11 to 2 agst Lord Jersey's Phcenix—offered
9 to 1 agst Mr. Coombes's Cobham—taken
10 to 1 agst Colonel Peel's' lon—offered
11 to 1 agst Mr. Payne's Young Rowton—ofrered
12 to I agst Lord G. Bentinck's D'Egville—take 14 to 1
20 to 1 agst Captain Berkeley's Bullion—offered
20 to I agst Lord Stradbroke's Beggarman—offered
20 to I agst Colonel Anson's Nonplus colt—offered
25 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird—taken
25 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Alemdar—offered
35 to 1 agst Mr. Edwards's Drum Major—taken
35 to 1 agst Mr. Forth's Conservator—taken
35 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Bretby—taken
35 to 1 agst Sir J. Mills's Volunteer
40 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Albemarle—take 50 to 1
40 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Monc Adam
40 to 1 agst Mr. Worrall's Dormouse—offered
50 to 1 agst Sir G. Heathcote's Amato—taken
50 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Chymist—taken
70 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Bamboo—offered
80 to 1 agst Mr. Ford's Quo Minus—taken
100 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Cetus gelding—offered
100 to 1 agst Mr. A. Smith's Cracker—taken
5000 to 65 agst Mr. Buckley's Tom—taken
5000 to 25 agst Sir J. Boswell's Constantine—taken
700 to 400 on Cobham agst Nonplus colt—taken
11 to 1 was taken about Dormouse, Bamboo, Drum-Major,
Amato, and Richard Roe, in one bet.
Mr. J. Day's Brother to Aleppo is declared not to start
THE OAKS.
6 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's Ninny—take 7 to
7 to 1 agst Mr. Batson's Vespertilio—offered
7 to 1 agst Lord Albemarle's Barcarolle—offered
10 to 1 agst. Lord Exeter's Romania—offered
12 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Kirtle—offered
12 to'l agst Lord Suffield's Call,isto—taken
12 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Rowton's dam filly—taken
12 to 1 agst Mr. J. Scott's Mary Gray—taken
Not a bet made.

The evening bettings commenced last night at the Grand Hotel,
Covent-garden. Several speculators were present, but nothing
was done to require a quotation.

NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.

MEETING OF THE BOROUGH OF LAMBETH.
Last evening a public meeting of the inhabitants of the borough of
Lambeth was held at the Horns Tavern, Kennington, for the purpose
of adopting a petition to Parliament for the immediate abolition of Ne-
gro Apprenticeship in the West India Colonies. At six o'clock, Benja-
min Hawes, Esq , M.P., was called to the Chair. Amongst the many
respectable Gentlemen by whom the platform was crowded, we observed
the. Rev. Messrs. J. R. Barber, J. Binney, John Burnett, and W.
Griffith ; Messrs. Welford, Thompson, Scobell, Joshua Field, Christy,
Latchmore, and Russell, with a host of other influential and public.spi-
rited indviduals. The great room was very densely thronged, and the
front seat presented a galaxy of female beauty and fashion.
Mr. HAWES, on presenting himself to the nceeting, was received with
loud and reiterated cheers. He said he came forward upon that occa-
sion in the discharge of a public duty, which he felt bound to perform,
not only as the representative of a free constituency, but lie felt himself
propelled to it by the dictates of his own conscience.—(Cheers.) Their
,object was not to interfere with the rights or property of any individual,
or of any body of men.—(Hear, hear.) The cry of slavery had reached
them—the chains of thraldom had clanked upon their ears, and to
soothe the one, and burst asunder the other, were the great objects of
their struggle.—(Cheers.) It might be said that the subject of negro
apprenticeship had been exhausted, and that a British public had been
made sufficiently acquainted with the miseries of negro slavery, but he
for one would not rest easy or contented so long as slavery existed even
in name, much less in reality as it did at present in the British co-
lonies.—(Hear, hear, and cheers.) He would not harrow up the
feelings of the meeting--he would not attempt to excite public indigna-
tion by a recapitulation of the disgraceful scenes which had been enacted
by the West India planters ever their fellow creatures, to whom liberty
was as sweet as it was to the highest Peer in the land, and whose im.
mortal souls were purchased at as dear a rate, and were as precious In
the eyes of their Creator as the wealthiest tyrant that ever trampled on
their rights and privileges.—(Cheer..) No, he would have recourse to
those means of exciting their sympathies, but it was his duty to direct
them to a peaceful and legitimate exertion for the emancipation of thou-
sands of their fellow men, who were writhing under the lash, and
groaning beneath the galling chains of slavery.—(Loud cheers.)
He had heard—as no doubt the most of those present had heard
—a compact spoken of.—(Hear, hear, hear, and laughter.) Yes, a
compact had been entered into by a too confiding nation, which
they had honourably fulfilled; but he would ask, had the other
party discharged their portion of it ?—(Cries of " No, no.") The
nation would be no longer trifled with, they had paid their millions, and
they would ineict nn h9vinE, Lti ,oncirioratinn for which those millions
Wad been advanced.—(Cheers.) They would not be satisfied with less
than the full and unqualified emancipation of the negroes.—(Cheers.) A
noble task bad been undertaken by the people of England, and unde-
terred by the delay of Ministers, or by the consequences that were likely
to arise from it, they were determined to perform that task faithfully
to the letter.—(Cheers.)

The Rev. Mr. CAREV, in rising to propose the first resolution, to the
effect, " That notwithstanding the abrupt termination of the debate in
the House of Commons on Sir George Strickland's motion had resulted
in the rejection of the petitions of the people of England, yet the meeting
were determined to persevere in their efforts," addressed the meeting at
considerable length, and with much ability.

The Rev. J. BURNETT, in rising to second the resolution, said he
did not know that in the history of public agitation in these kingdoms
they could find anything like a parallel to the effects of the agitation
which they now witnessed on the slavery :question.—(Hear, hear.)
He had been told that this subject was fresh and new to the public
mind, and that the feverish feeling which attended the national love of
novelty would soon tire. But instead of that being the case, he saw
not only the supporters of the cause increase daily in number, but
they were evidently becoming more determined to support it.—(Cheers.)
A great meeting was to be held at Exeter Hall upon Friday next, and
and already he understood upwards of 4,000 tickets were disposed of.--
(Loud cheers.) It might be asked why were those demonstrations
of popular feeling made? and he would answer, it was
bceause the people had determined that slavery should cease.
—(Loud cheers.) They were not under a despotism, like that of
Pharoah or Nebuchadnezzar, nor would their cries be raised, like that of
the Israelites to Pharoah, without being heard.—(Cheers.) And who,
he would ask had they on the throne ? Was it a Pharoah ? No, they
had one who could not be a lover of slavery, no matter how much she
might be trammelled by peculiar circumstances.—(Cheers.) It was
quite impossible that the supporters of slavery could look to the Sove-
reign for support.—(Hear, hear.) What were they then to look to,
'was it to the House of Lords ?—(Hear, and laughter.) It was some
time ago the fashion to traduce that House, but he was not going to
traduce them now, although he was no great admirer of them.—
(Hear, hear.) They might certainly wish to rule with a rod of iron,
and hope that the days of Villanage might be restored, but he should
like to know why they would support a system of slavery ?—(Cheers )
Was he then to look at the House of Commons?—(Continued cheers.)
That was tender ground whilst they had a Member of that House in
the Chair.—(Laughter.) But as the resolution which he held in his
hand referred to them, he must either refer to them or else desert his
text.—(Cheers.) The Rev. Gentleman here proceeded in a strain at
once eloquent and humorous, to instruct the meeting in the way in
which they should deal in future with such of their representatives as
failed to support their views; and concluded by seconding the resolution,
which was afterwards put, and carried unanimously.
The Rev. Mr. BINNEY moved the second resolution, as regarded the
adoption of a petition, Which was seconded by
, Mr G. THOMPSON, in a luminous and impressive speech, in which he
recapitulated all the arguments with which he has been in the habit of
addressing the several immense meetings which have been lately held
throughout the country upon this subject.

Mr. T. D'EvxcouaT, who had arrived during the proceedings, here
addressed the meeting, and warmly supported the object for which they
had assembled.

A vote of thanks was then passed to the Hon. Members, who were
obliged to retire to attend their duties in the House of Commons.
Mr. It. G. WELFORD said he had been entrusted with a resolution
about which no difference of opinion could arise, and whereon at the
then late hour he should confine his observations to a few sentences.
The Rev, mover of the first resolution had told them that civil and re.
ligious liberty were so intimately connected they could scarcely be dis.
cussed separately. In this sentiment he cordially agreed. Upon that
text the powerful speech of Mr. Burnett had formed an admirable com.
ment, for that speech was an able advocacy of man's freedom in every
chine. To the cutting irony of Mr. Burnett, and the eloquent denun.
ciations of Mr. Thompson, anything he could say would not advance the
great cause of negro emancipation, but rather weaken the effect of those
eloquent speechei upon the then exhausted meeting. He would only
add, that in all which had fallen from those effective advocates of the
slave, he (Mr. Welford) earnestly concurred. his resolution called
upon the meeting to thank Mr. Field for his valuable services in the
chair.
The meeting then separated.

LITERARY SUPPLIES THROUGHOUT GREAT
BRITAIN.—The two highly popular tales, " Count Cagliostro," in 3 vols.
" A work of extraordinary power."—Despatch. And the" M.P's Wife,"
in 2 vols. " Full of interest, beautiful feeling, and brilliant and wise
thoughts."—Court Journal—are published this day by Mr. Bull, Public
Librarian, 19, Holles-street, Cavendish.square ; of whom also can be
had (gratis), or sent by post as a single letter, a list of all the valuable
new publications, together with his new system of supplying them for
perusal in any quantity to families and book societies throughout Eng-
land, Scotland and Ireland.

LIGHTS AND SHADOWS OF IRISH LIFE.—
There is a sympathy with the better feelings of humanity which Mrs.
.Hall possesses and a power also of delineating the lightning flashes of its
wildest impulses, which render her, by the help of her knowledge of the
people and the country, particularly fit (perhaps above all living authors)
to write sketches of Irish character, such as are contained in the volumes
before us. What can be more tr ly Irish—heart, mind, and spirit--
than Connor O'Gorman, with his wild, cheerful, and tender love. Wha
more beautiful than the sweet nature of Aileen f We most cordiall
recommend these charming volumes to all who can take delight in
stories which are not only full of the deepest interest, but which have a
moral tendency highly creditable to the gifted authoress, and likely to
make them as useful as they are delightful.—Court Journal.
It is intended to open the Bolton and Manchester
railway to the public on the 29th instant.—Manchester Guardian.
Five splendid swans have paid a visit to the beauti-
ful little lake of Tarn Waddling, in Inglewood Forest, near High
Hesket, within these few days.—Carlisle Patriot.
Sir William Temple says, " The only way for a
rich mail to be healthy is to live as if he wore poor, by exercise and
abstinence."

;ECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o'clock
OHE LONDON GAZETTE
OF THIS EVENING.

ship by Mr. Leader, Captain Berkeley (10). Mr. Humphrey, Mr. Villiers
Lord Worsley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Bernal (4), the Attorney. General, Mr.
Divett, Mr. R. Alston, Mr. Gaily Knight (from Nottingham), Mr.
Roche (30), Sir T. Freemantle (from Buckingham), Mr. Gibson (from
Ipswich).
Similar petitions were presented by Serjeant Talfouril, from Reading;
by Sir E. Wilmot, from different parts of Warwickshire ; by Mr. Vigors,
from parishes in Carlow ; and Mr. Pease, from different parts of Durham.
ment—as if it had been a suggestion for a Committee de lunatic°.
