LONDON, MONDAY EVEN/Y:1, JULY 31, 1837.

FUNERAL OF MR. COCKING.

The funeral of this unfortunate gentleman took place at
two o'clock yesterday, at Lee. The coffin containing his re-
mains was made of elm, bearing black ornaments and nails.
On the plate was inscribed—" Mr. Robert Cocking, Died
July 24, 1837, a;ed 60." The funeral pro3ession moved
from the Tiger's Head at a quarter before two o'clock. In
the evening great quantities were wending their way to the
.
spot where Mr. Cocking fell. It marked by a holly-
hock being stuck on it. Near to it are traces of blood,
which many leave with the impression of being that of Mr.
Cocking, but which is not the case. One of the people
first up at the time of the accident had overrun himself and
fainted, and was bled by the surgeon on the spot.
The reports which have been so industriously circulated
in the morning papers respecting Mr. Sears, the land-
lord at the Tiger's Head, having taken money to allow
persons to view the body of the unfortunate de-
ceased, appear to have no foundation in fact. His
account is, and he is confirmed by other respectable
persons, that immediately after the accident the body
was brought to his house ; and at ten o'clock the
same night the parachute was sent from the firm of Mr.
Norman, and placed in the yard at the Tiger's Head, for
security ;it was afterwards removed to the stable. On
the following morning, several professional an I other gen-
tlemen from Blackheath and neighbourhood came to see
the parachute, and they suggested to Mr. Sears that it
would be more secure were he to place it in hit large room,
and that he would be justified in charging sixpence each to
those who wished to see it ; that it was important to keep
it in its then state until after the inquest ; an I was it not
deposited in some place of security it would be taken away
piecemeal. This advice Mr. Sears acted upon, hut he most
positively denies that he or any one connected with him
received one farthing to allow persons to see the body of
the deceased. When the relatives of the unfortunate
gentleman arrived at the Tiger's Head, a great number of
persons who had paid sixpence to sec the parachute, were
by them admitted into the room where the body lay, and
not by the authority of Mr. Sears, the landlord.

THE MARKETS.

COUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING LAST W.ZEI..

Wheat. ; oats. (teens. Pease.
Per Quartn. a. to a. s. s. s. to s. S. a S. to s.
62 --28 • • 33 45 29 52 62 25 03 1:8 :6
M 'rued' 53 61 2$ 29 i 27 31 31 56 32 35
Penrith 59 35 32 53
I 62 — 29 27 46 43
Winchester 55 60 `.:6 23 25 39 32 40
Per Ilnahel. a.d. a. d, s. d. s. d. s. d, a. d. 5.4. s.tt s 4. s. d.
Carmarthen............ 76 7 6 4 0 4 6 2 0 27 00 01. 00 00
Cewbridge— 6 0 70 5 6 0 3• 3 9 5 4 0 0 0 0 P 0
Newcastle (Staff.) 6 0 69 3 6 40 3 0 3 9 5 0 5 3 0 o 0 o
Nerthallerton 6 0 73 3 6 46.3 3 4 0 5 9 6 ( 0 0 3
Stone BO 86 40 48 30 34 60 67 00 e 0
Swansea.,.•.+76 8 6 5 0 5 6 2 3 36 00 40 00 11
Warwick 0 11 0 3 0 4 6 2 0 33 56 6 0 0 0 00
Per 1011.
Barnardeastle........l3 0 18 6 8 6 9 3 7 6 9 0 9 0 10 ft 7 6 11 0
Durham 13 6 15 6 96 106 73 91• A 0 13 0 90 10 6
Richmond 'll 0 166 811 80 50 84 90 96 90 00
Stockton 0 166 83 8 50 6n 76 St ,in OP

WAKEFIELD COItN MARKEL' —July 2.d
Wheat, Red, Norfolk and Suffblk ...... .l9s. 535. to —s. fine 54g.
Lin. and Cam.
------ Yorkshire 49s. 51s. to —s. line 51:.
lNkite
-- Foreign, tied —s. —a. to —s. fine --v.
White —s. —s. to —5 one —s.
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk ..... 29, to 32, tine 3(55.
-- Lincolnshire
--- Yorkshire %Vold
----- Foreign . —s. to —s. tine —s
Beans, Old
-- New 365. to 40s. fine —s
Oats, Potato Ds. to 30s. fine 3i s.
Poland —a. 28s. to Ws. fine 31a.
-- Friesland and Sin:sP.
Mealing
Shalling
Malt —a. 375, fine :'.13.. ii,r l.oad.
Rapeseed ....

SCOTCH MARKETS.

IVheat. j Barley.

aux.

tScarlb. t )41111.1

Aherdeen
gerwick
o,idstream
Cupar (Fife

43 to 43
41 45

40 to 40 23 to 30 24 to 29 —to
42 45 22 25 22 24 33 .36
32 36 21 21 16 18 27 28
41 55 <o 31 IS 22 22 26
46 58 30 33 20 25 30 31
40 50 24 26 16 20 23 3.•
43 50 2A 1':0 26 zo 32 31 24 • 26
42 43 21 26 21 2(1 3!) 34
37 42 23 31 215 '23 45 18 43 —4
50 56 '23 26 J2O 22 22 25
of the measure varies throughout the country.

Mintlee .......
Elgin

luverness
Kelso . .
Kirkaldy
Perth
Ths si

NVt had a very
rather quick.

DINBURG
largit supply

II CORN
rot all kind,

—July '2'd
.day, and thi

First

Secouoi... I
Third
ATV]

Beef, per b. ob.
11uttoll
0
I..amt), per qr. 3
Fahow,
Qu.nrtern 141 a!
l'watoes. 141 b. 0

SHEFFIELD.

(Abridged from the Sheffield Independent.)
The Nomination of Candidates for this great and influential
borough took place on Thursday. The Reform candidates
were our Tate excellent Member, John Parker, Esq., and
H. G. Ward, Esq., who, as the Member for St. Alban's, has
distinguished himself in the last two Parliaments as the con-
sistent, zealous, and able supporter of liberal principles. Very
substantial hustings had bees erected in front of the railings
of the Corn Exchange, leasing the expanded New Haymarket
for the multitude of auditors.
Dr. KNIGHT. amid loud cheers, proposed John Parker, Esq.
Mr. JOHN SYKES seconeed the nomination.
C. BROWNELL, Esq., amid great confusion, proposed John
Thornely, Esq.
Mr. Jour/ JONES seconded the nomination.
B. SAVA, Esq., said—The duty imposed upon me this day
is of a eery easy and pleasant kind ; for it is not expected that
I should do more than put in nomination H. G. Ward, Earl., as
a fit parson for the representation of this borough in Ptm lia-
ment.—( Cheers ) I have one brief remark to make, with re-
ference -to our foes, the Tories. Under their new name'of

Conservatives they want us to believe that they have changed
their principles, and become Reformers. They have done no
such thing; and I hope you will not suffer yourselves so to be
humbugged and deluded.—(Cheers.)' I believe, if they are
friendly to Reform, it is of the kind established in Hanover.—
(Cheers.) I believe, further, if they are worshipping any
rising;sunepr upon their knees praying fur any reform, it is
with their faces turned towards Hanover.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Wit. IBBOTSON seconded the nomination of Mr. Ward.
Mr. NAILER then came forward, and was received with
loud cheers.' He said, Mr. Master Cutler, and gentlemen,
though a placeman I am no sinocurist. I have laboured to
the best of my ability in what I believe to be your caus?, as.
well as the cause of the country. In addition to the offic'al
labours
,-f my department, and to my Parliarne.itary duties;
I may fairly state that I have this year beeii incorporated with
two unpaid commissions.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, there is
one question on which I am proud to contend, that the Go-
vernment I am connected with has pursued a wise and com-
prehensive pelicy. It is the business of a liberal policy. to
lose no opportunity of extending the means of trade, and
to take every means of making labour cheap. For that
purpose we ought to abolish the restrictions which keep
the staff of life at an unnatural and artificial price--( Hear,
and cheers)—for not merely do they make the first neces-
sary of great absolute value, but the vital objection to.
these restrictions is, that they make corn, and consequently
labour, dearer in one part of the world than in another.—
( Hear.) As your manufactures depend upon the successful
application of labour, you cannot compete with countries which
have the means of producing them cheaper than you. Much
has been said of the conduct of Government with respect to
its Milt policy, which it is my duty to meet, and to which I
ask a few moments of your attention. lam proud to say that
since the British connection with Ireland begun, never did
that country enjoy such a period of internal domestic peace as
it does now._( Cheers,) It has been a subject of extreme
crimination that we have found an alliance with that great end
distinguished personage,•Mr. Daniel O'Connell.—(Cheers )
I do not know how this has been proved, but it has a!ways
been asserted. No doubt the Ministry and Mr. O'Connell
have laboured together, and, I hope, will again, for the good
of Ireland, and fur the good of England. If it is to be a fact
in law, and in morals, that persons are to Le held responsible
for all the acts of those who co-operate with them ; and we
are to be answerable for all Mr. O'Connell may say and do
because we join with him to a certain extent, and in cer-
tain things, but by no means in all ; yet, if we really are to
be ' held responsible for them all, I ask my honourable
opponent whether he is prepared to pursue the analogy
further, and hold himself responsible for the acts of the
King of Hanover ?—( Cheers.) You know, gentlemen, that
the Duke of Cumberland was intimately connected with the
party
which my honourable f, iend adorns.—(Cheers.) On
that melancholy, that tristful day, which saw England in tears
—on that sad day when the Duke of Cumberland assumed
the Hanoverian sceptre, till the time that he sailed from tle'se
shores—he was closely closeted with the leaders of that party.
I have, therefore, a right to say that they are responsible for
the destruction of the Hanoverian Constitution, if they choose
to connect us with every act of Mr. O'Connell.—( Loud
cheers.) Gentlemen, lam informed that the King of fie-
nover has left his proxy wish the Duke of Wellington. I
have no proxy ; but if I lied, I do not know that I should
leave it with Mr. O'Connell.--(Cheers.)
Mr. THORNIILT then came forward amid much confusion,
and cries of "No prompting I" He proceeded for about.five
minutes to address the meeting, amid considerable uproar, but
his o'sservations could not be heard.

Mr. Wan was received with continued cheers, and ad-
dressed the meeting as follows :-.Gentlemen, never till now
have you been called on to decide -between the principles of
Reform and Conservatism—between the bold, rational march
of salutary innovation, and that crab-like retorm of which Mr.
Thornely and the gentlemen around him are the supporters
( Loud cheers.) Mr. Thornely has told us, in the few words
of his speech, which I had the happiness of. hearing, that he
is the Reformer of all " proved abuses." That cockuo phrase,
" proved abuses" was invented by Sir Robert Peel, on his re-
turn from Italy, for the special benefit of the Tory party ; and
whether it be from the dearth of invention I know not, but
ever since the happy moment of its discovery, the Tories have
been continually repeating it with all the docility of well-
taught parrots.--( Laughter.) Mr. Thornely, then, will re-
form all " proved abuses," but do not be ,gulled by the words.
Ask him what the abuses are. Let me ask, what has brought
Mr. Thornely here ? He tells us that he has none' of that
honourable ambition by which I profess to be actuated ; but
he says ,he has come forward at great personal incooveni-
once. I -hope you will not put him to any further incon-
venience.—(Loud cheering.) So strongly dues he express
his own sense of his incompetency, that I em much at a
loss to conceive what has brought him here; but I find in
that confidential oration which he addressed to his com-
mittee with his back turned to the people, after he had failed
to gain the attention to which he was so justly entitled, be-
fore the Angel Inn, he said he he'd, been brought h re by the
call of Heaven.—(Laughter.) Ile says, " When I felt and
saw the numbers, wealth, and influence connected with your
invitation. that it was not from one party of pro'essing
Christians, but from the collective body, I thought, after ru-
minating almost to perplexity, it might be the voice of Provi-
dence." These are Mr. T tiornley's words, as reported in the
Mercury. If Providence have, indeed, decided that Mr.
Thornley is to be Member for Sheffield, it is useless fur me
to waste my time and breath any longer, and all my hopes for
the cause of reform and liberty must vanish into thin air, and
" Like the baseless fabric of a vision,
Leave not a wreck behind."
(Laughter and cheers.) It .may happen, however, that Pro-
vidence intend him to go back as he came. Ido not pretend
that Providence has yet decided; and I accept as the best
test the result of the poll to-morrow. • To me belongs the
praise or the blame 'of having mooted the appropriation prin.
ciple in the House of Commons. To me belongs the praise
or the blame of having silted the chaff from the wheat in
Lord Grey's cabinet, and cut the cord which connected men
so discordant as Lord John Russell and Lord Stanley.—
(Cheers.) I hold that the Irish Church, in its present state,
is a curse and not a blessing ; that it does not and cannot con-
tribute to the dissemination of Protestantism, which I con-
sider to be religious truth ; that it creates angry feeling and
excitement, tending to civil war. I shall labour to reduce
it to the limits which it ought to possess, corresponding with
the wants of the Protestant population ; for now, amid a
population of' 8,000,000, it ministers only to the spiritual
wants of' scarcely 800,000. On other questions you know
my opinions, for you have the security of my votes. lam
for the ballot. I would extend the suffrage so as to admit, to
use the words of Lord Durham, " ovary man who has intelli-
gencel
tsftntolu)olriel,ertrl
yhsniieat,
eeat
anrmriNnolenoughduuttowousTvtil
umisilgbEtacitoonouilfi,sN.ronirotoolratrposba2omoaFormubtpi
conrulot;comprehendac.shnrezegeaasin.eyadgetsl
uhyaaiertt
hhv(diea
ant ssu devotion,tt eihrsi obofunoptoeuai
Sheffieldnogl pale
institutions,
o f
the
con s t t and
hi
distinguished
clergy
to
orcgghubyui
ser
dhe
ohe
stinted
reve-
nues.
withen vi
ae n-
i:nitelfmoiarmyrft.ooulßerki
st7hlie_yaiii(dEeeLniroh,y,necornSsunday), while there are bishops with
1_5,900/. a year, and sinecurists who never see the faces of
George)b e
h Aa
behalf
teaoocrfldt
declared
rnd.dboo ohs constitution,rnoepwi
ya:okf dangerehtrh,aenEd,sci st
o.
b e
poll.—(Laughter and hooting.) demanded a

---
A DUELLING CLERGYMAN.—A complainant ap-
peared before a London Magistrate, in the case of an assault.
The defendant justified himself by saving, " that he was driv-
ing a gig, with a female ; that the complainant passed him on
horseback repeatedly, and insulted his companion, by staring
under her hat, whereupon be horsewhipped the offender.".
ou handed this card to your assailant ?" said the .Magis-
trate to the complainant. " I did." " With what intention ?"
" As is usual among gentlemen, when an outrage like this has
b'en committed." " One corner of the card is torn off---why
did you tear it off?" " Because lam in the Church, Sir ;
and I
thought the Rev.' miapiaffil on such an occasion."
The substance of this statement, with the names of the par-
:les, has appeared in the police reports during my visit here.
The Rev. Mr. 0— fought Mr. at Boulogne quite re-
cently, the reverend gentleman hitting his man.—Cooper's
England, and the Society of the Metropolis.
FIRE AT IsLiNGTON.—Saturday afternoon an
alarming fire broke out on the premises of Messrs. Nutting
.sod Co., pianoforte makers, in Barford-street, Islington. It
was first discovered by smoke issuing through the roof, and
so rapid were the flames that in a few minutes the whole upper
part of the building was one body of fire. Several valuable
horses in the stabling underneath, belonging to a gentleman
of the name of Ingilby, were with difficulty rescued from the
tire. Numerous engines were soon brought to play on the
flames, but they wrre not extinguished until the extensive
premises were entirely destroyed. Messrs. Nutting and Co.
are insured in the Sun Office, but the buildings were unin-
sured.

PRICE sd.

DINNER TO LORD JOHN RUSSELL
AND P. SCROPE, ESQ., AT STROUD.

A public dinner was given by the independent electors of
this borough, on Friday last, to their two Reform Members,
Lord John Russell and P. Scrope, Esq. The new subscrip-
tion room was laid out with tables for the occasion, and at
four o'clock upwards of 400 gentlemen sat dow to ti c goae
cheer provided. Deputations of the Reformers (torn Glou-
cester, Bristol, and the neighbouring towns, were ed a
raised tables in the rear of the chair, and preseated a ; oodly
appearance. Lord Moreton presided. On his sat Lo
John Ruesell, on his left P. Scrope, Esq. At the same tab's
we recognised the Earl of Ducie, Lord Segrave, Sir John
Guise, the Hon. Captain Berkeley, the Hon. F. Berkeley. the
Hon. C. Berkeley, the Hon. G. Berkeley, the Hon. A. Mot.; t 7n,
and Mr. Philpotts, M.P. for Gloucester. Charles Star t
Esq., acted as Vice-President. Immediately after dinner La ly
John Russell and Lady Moreton, accompanied by many of the
female members of the Ducie and Berkeley families, entered
the room and took a front scat in the gallery. Their presence
was hailed with the most enthusiastic cheering.
The CHAIRMAN said that in rising to propose the health al-
ways first given at public, and very frequently also at private
meetings, " The health of the Sovereign "—(Cheers)—he
felt assured it would receive at the hands of those whom he
was then addressing. the reception due from their loyalty.--
(Cheers.) Beyond the natural gallantry which every English-
man felt towards every lady, there was another and a stronger
reason why the health of Victoria should be received with ac-
clamation ; the first act of her reign was to declare that, to
the utmost of her power she would extend her protection to
civil and religious liberty in every part of her dominions
(Loud cheele.) The toast was received with the most rap-
turous applause:
The next health proposed was that of " The Duke of Sus-
scx and the rest of the Royal Family."—( Cheers. )
" The Army and Navy followed.
The CliAlifaAN next rose to propose " The health of her
Mijesty's Ministers," to whom a debt of gratitude was due,
not only for the wise and salutary nets they had placed upon
the statute book, but for the bald and fearless manner in
which they had continued to work cut the measure of Refcrm.

The toast was received with enthusiastic and long conti
nucd cheering.

Lord-Jon RUSSELL rose to return thanks. When the
cheering subsided he said—l think it will not be improper if
now at this time, when the Qacen has dissolved the late
Parliament, and appealed to the people for the choice of new
representatives, I recal to your minds the various acts by which
we have been distinguished from our predecessors( Cheers)
—by which a difference has been estaLlished between former
ministries and those over which Lord Grey and Lord Mel-
bourne have presided, and upon the ground of which differ-
ence we ask for the opinion of the country, either in concur-
rence or disapprobation ?—(Cheers.) The rule of the
Tory Ministries in this country was neither short in it; dura-
tion
snor limited in its extent—they had time enough to per-
form whatever good they meditated--( Laughter and cheers)—
they had power enough to carry into effect any projects for
the good of the people which they might have entertained.
(Renewed laughter and cheers.) And now, gentlemen, I
come to you, and I ask you whether it be not a fair state-
ment to say that they did many things which were evil—
(Cheers) ; that they left undone many things which were
good and practicable—(Cheers) ; and that a great part, I
should say the greater part, of our task as a Reform Ministry
has been to correct the errors—(Cheers)—to repair the
blunders--( Renewed cheering)—and to remedy the evils
which those Tory Ministers had inflicted upon the country ?
(Continued cheering.) My enumeration shall he as short as
I can make it, although, in making it short, I must be cul-

. _
pable of many omissions. In no very long period of years
they increased the debt of this country from 250,000,0001. to
830,000,000/.—they imposed most burdensome taxes upon the
people to pay the interest of that debt—they gave rise to many
unnecessary expenses, and kept up many most useless cstab-
iiihments—to facilitate fir a time the collection of taxes they
depr,ciatcd the currency, thereby rendering their imposts in
the cnd much more burdensome and more heavy upon the

nation—they administered the poor-laws in such a way as
to deprive them of the effect intended by the Act of Eliza-
beth—they paid the wages of labour out of a fund that ought
only to be distributed in the way of charity, thereby reducing
the independent labourers of the country (to use a phrase
which 1, remember my fSieed dr. Horner once used to
me when speaking upon this subject) to a state of villeinage—
(cheers)—they effected also an union ith Ireland, but they
did not effect that union upon its only true basis—a union of
the interests, of the feelings, and of the affections of the
people of England and Ireland.—(Cheers.) It was a union
bought with money—bought, I believe I ant not exaggerating
when I say, by 800,0001. of British money, besides honours
and titles lavished without stint to buy the Irish Parliament,
but not to coacilitate the people of Ireland.—(Cheers.)
So much for the acts of Tory Ministers. I come now to
their omissions.—( Hear, hear.) That which they left undone
was indeed great, and came in the end ,to be most appalling
In the csiminel law, fVsr instance, they made little or no altera-
tion in the sanguinary character of the code which then
ruled ; and as regarded slavery—that unfortunate and sinful
blot upon our name—(hear, hear,)—they did nothing that
could be considered as effectually tending to its complete
extinction.—( Hear, hear.) With respect to other sub-
jects which I will now leave untouched—but untouched
only because I wish to spare more time---they left every-
thing to do.—( Hear, hear.) They eceupied themselves with
maintaining establishments which they then said were
necessary—in passing laws from time to time to repress the
rising discontent of the people, and with these poor perfor-
mances they thought the duties of Government were ended.—
( Cheers.) The result was that when a new Parliament was
elected in 1830, after the death of George IV., the state of
the country was most calamitous. Happening at that time to
he passing through an agricultural district of the country, tra-
velling by night, I saw the fires which every where were raised
by the inconchasy labourers of the time —1 witnessed the con-
tempt of law—the degradation of autism ity. The Magistrates
felt themselves overpowered—they had Leo means to resist the
evil, and knew not how to arrest it. In the metropolis the
state of things was no better, for in London the late King,
than whom no king was ever more conspicuous for courageous
and amiable qualities—a king whose general character en-
titled him to the respect of every one of his subjects—(Cheers)
—was advised by the Prime Minister of the day not to
venture within the walls of the city, or to appear before
his assembled subjects.—(Cheers.) If the Tories left the
Government in that state, it is no wonder that they should
now a days wish to abjure the name of Tories.—(Laughter
and cheers.) I have seen but lately in a print that assumes to
be their organ, that the Tories were, indeed, a vicious party,
having no other object than to keep power its their own hands,
looking not to measures that would promote the general good,
and that, therefore, it was a fortunate thing fur the country
that that party was extinct. Such is the feeling expressed
towards the Tories; but it seems that the same persons, not-
withstanding all their former miscloings, are tinder the name
of Conservatives to be be entitled to all our respect.--( Loud
laughter and cheers.) With respect to this change of
name, I can only say that if they are truly and really Con-
servatives as regards the general institutions of the country,
no name is deserving of more adherents, or would meet
with more general approval ; but %this them it is a mere
change of name, a mere alias to persons who do not
like to be known under their harmer designation, and who
under the name of Conservatives mean to be conserva-
tive only of every abuse—(Cheers)—of everything that is rot-
ten--(Cheers)—of everything that is corrupt.—(Cheers.) If
that, then, is the name that pleases them —if they say that the
distinction of Whig and Tory should no longer be kept up, I
am ready, in opposition to their name of Conservative, to take
the name of Reformer, and to stand by that opposition.—
(Great cheering.) And in looking back to history, taking
their sense of the denomination of Conservative, I think one
may be as proud of the name of Reformer as they can be of
the name of Conservative.—(hear.) What was Luther ?
(Hear. ) Luther was a Reformer.—(Cheers.) Leo X., who
opposed the Reformation, was a Conservative.—(Cheers.)
What WAS Galileo? Galileo, who made great discoveries in
science, was a Reformer.—( Cheers ) The Inquisition, who
put him into prison, wasConservative.—(Great cheering.) So,
in the same way, with respect to every part of history, we find
that in all times and in all countries there have been Re-
formers and Conservatives. The Christians who suffered mar-
tyrdom in Rome were Reformers. The Emperor who put these
Christians to death, Nero, was a Conservative.—(Great cheer-
ing.) If they choose to change their names—and mock names
they certainly are—of Whig and Tory into the names of 'Re-
former and Conservative, I am ready, from the testimony of
all past history, and from all my experience of the present
times, to say that I am a Reformer— (Enthusiastic cheers)—
that I do not belong to their designation of Conservative—
that I wish for the progress of human affairs—that I wish to
see my own country advance in all that is generous and en-
lightened—(Cheers) —that I do not wish to see her stand
still, or go back in her institutions—that I wish Reform in the
truest sense of the word, and that I will promote to the ut-
most in my power all thuso measures of Reform of which I
are the advocate—(Cheers)—that I will propose, and shall he
ready to discuss, plans that I think useful.—(Cheers.) If
those plans should appear to be beneficial, in God's name let
them be adopted, and let us not, above all, be deterred by any
hug bear, from sincerely and fearlessly arguing the merits of
any plans that may be proposed to us.—( Cheers.) With re-
spect to the Poorelaws, after some five-and-twenty years of an
abusive administration of those laws, the attempt at correc-
tion, however well digested, however well prepared, howe-
ver strongly supported by evidence—would necessarily
meet with the objection of those among the people e bed
grown up under the former system, and who not seeing their
own interest in the fair distribution of wages and employment,
considered that charitable relief from parish pay was the due
and proper support of the working classes in this country.
Such were the obstacles in respect of this latter subject, that
when a relation of mine pointed out to the Tory Ministry of
the day the grand evils which resulted from the coal-adminis-
tration of the poor-laws in the ceuety of Bedford, shoving
how a nnmerous body of the idle and profligate consumed the
wages that should be given to the industrious labower; the
