BRITISH AN]) FOREIGN ANTI-
SLAVERY SOCIETY.

The following interesting letter from the Mtirquis
of Westminster to his R,:yal Highness the Duke of
Sussex, intended to have been read at the late import-
ant anniversary meeting of the British and Foreign Anti-
Slavery Society, held in Exeter Hall on the •?4th ult.,
but which did not reach his Royal Highness in time for
that purpose, has been forwarded to us by the Com-
mittee, for insertion, together with the note of the Royal
Chairman transmitting the same :
"TO WILLIAM ALLEN, ESQ &e.

" Esteemed Friend—l enclose you, by this evening's
post, a letter which I have received from the Marquis of
Westminster, and which his Lordship intended should
have been delivered to me at our glorious meeting on the
24th instant. Unfortunately it never came to bend until
late in the evening, and therefore I was unable to commu-
nicate it to the body assembled on that occasion; but as
I am sure that its contents will gratify the friends of
Anti-Slavery, and that it will further the cause, I trans-
mit a copy of it to you, that you make the best use of it
you can in disseminating sentiments so highly honourable
to the Noble writer, and so completely in accordance with
the general opinions of a numerous and highly.respectable
body of persons throughout the country. Hoping to see
you and your friends on Monday next, believe me, with
every kind feeling,
" Your sincere and attached Friend,
" E. AUGUSTUS F., D. S., &c. &c."
" Kensington Palace, June 27, 1840."

(Corr.)
" Moor Park, Juno 24, 1840.

" Your Royal highness will allow me, I am sure, on
such an occasion, to trouble you with a few lines this
morning, as I am unable to attend the meeting at Exeter
Hall, over which, I understand, your Royal Highness is
to preside, and I have no doubt you will do to with a glow
of satisfaction I should have been most happy to witness,
in an assembly met for so hallowed a purpose. I have the
more to regret at not being able to be present, as I cannot
conceive a more magnificent spectacle, than that of thou-
sands of people met together for the express purpose of
endeavouring to devise means of putting an end to the
stupendous evils that necessarily arise out of slavery, the
most gigantic curse that ever afflicted the human race.
" Even in the heathen world, " Nil humaui a me alienum
puto," was a standing and venerated maxim ; much more
stringently ought it to be the device of a Christian com-
munity. Your Royal Highness must be satisfied, I am
sure, that it is quite impossible the noble assembly now
before you of Delegates from various parts of the world,
can have met in our metropolis without producing a great
sensation throughout the world. Would to God ! the re-
port of such a scene may make so dsep and lasting an
impression, on the minds of our American brethren espe-
cially, as may influence their hearts in speedily removing
from their fine country a taint so disgraceful as a traffic in
their fellow creatures.

" What a picture of our fallen nature is this ascendancy
of bad over good feelings 1
" From what I have read in the reports of the papers,
much good, I conceive, must arise from the many inter-
esting discussions that have taken place among the dele-
gates; they have cast their bread on the waters, and though
it may not return to them immediately, it must, and most
abundantly, ere long.
Your Royal Highness will be convinced that free
labour ought to be encouraged in all ways, and at all
hazards, and slave labour in the same proportion dig-
countenanced : and we must not be disheartened, should
success not equal our ardent hopes and expectations.
The question, your Royal Highness knows full well, is
beset with many and great difficulties—open and unre-
lenting enemies, pretended and lukewarm friends. You
will also regret doubtless with me, that there should be
any uncertainty as to the effect of the law with regard to
the entire extinction of slavery throughout the British
dominions. When slavery was bought out at such an
enormous cost could any one have doubted that the entire
extinction of this accursed thing was by law fully accom-
plished ? I trust, if there should be the slightest ground
for these apprehensions, no time will be lost in removing
them. _ _

" In regard to free labour, there is an unbounded scope
for it in our East Indian possessions, as well as in the
West, and the unshackled slave may now go on in his
way rejoicing, if not impeded by the sordid obstructions
of monsters in human form.

" Praying that all this good may speedily be accom-
plished, to the honour of our country and all mankind
(triumphs more glorious than any earthly conquests),
" I have the honour to subscribe myself,
" Your Royal Highness's, very faithfully,
" WESTMINSTER.
" To his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex,
" K. G., &c., &c., kc."
