[MORNING lIERALD.]

Feom the acts of the French Government, and
the language of The party which rules the Admi-
nistration of France, it is beyond all doubt,
that there is even an ostentatious dispositiob
to disregard. the council's and defy the power
of this country.—lt would be singular enough
that' England should be bound to guarantee the
throne of a Prince or family, whose policy to-
wards it was, if not contemptuous, at least Indif-
ferent. Yet such, appears the obligation of
existing treaties. Though the' BOurbons riot at
present in the wantonness of power and security,
it, is far from impossible that the conditions of
those treaties may be' brought into action. Of the
family of Buonaparte there are but two likely
pretenders whose claims would be set up—
his son by the Princess of Austria, and Etvg-ene
Beauharnois, his son by adoption. We will sup-
pose for a moment that the name of either of
these was made the rallying word of a populor
'movement in France—an insurrection, provoked
by, the atrocity and infatuation of the ruling
faction—in that case,:would Lord Liverpool feel
himself bound to fulfil the faith of treaties
and go' to war ? There is little' doubt that
they who have lately, and do now treat
his advice so cavalierly, would fawn upon
him with the same servility as they did
upon Mr. Pitt. It would be well that the Bour-
bons and Europe knew, by the declaration of
Ministers or by the expressed sense of Parliament,
that this guarantee is looked upon as cancelled.
We cannot look upon it as otherwise than can-
celled, for who could suppose that the nation
tchich tolerates the mention of neutrality, when so
flagrant an attack is made upon its political and
maritime ascendancy, as the invasion of Spain
evidently implies, would not be maddened at
the idea of plunging into a new crusade against
revolution ? This is no visionary supposition.—
A convulsion in France, at no distant period, is
one of the probable results of the attack on
Spain, and of the general conduct of the French
Government. Its partisans' are even already
spreading the alarm of a general conspiracy
of European revolutionists operating in. Spain
and France. They may operate, however,
at their ease, without fear of this country. If
the burdened:state of the people renders it impos-
sible for the Government to defend by force the
due power of England in the balance of Europe,
it will as effectually restrain Lord Liverpool,
were he so disposed, tts he hardly could be
after what has passed, from 'sounding another
alarm, and sending out fleets and armies to sus-
tain or restore the Bourbons. If he really Wishes
to keep the Bourbons where they are, and there
is yet time left, his best course is to divert them,,
by new persuasion, or rather by new force, from
their guilty enterprize.

FtnE.—About 5 o'clock, A. sr. Wednesday; tremendous fire.
broke out in the house of Mr. Jones, chemist, in Union-street,
Borough. Mr. Jones was out till a late hour, and when be went
to bed all was perfectly safe, but in about an hour afterwards the
boy who slept in the lower part of the house was awoke by the
smoke, he went u►p intro theshopand saw it in a blaze; he resume&
for his clothes and gave the alarm to his master and mistress who
slept on the first ilbor. lie then ran to get out at the street door,
which he no sooner opened than the flames burst forth with such
fury that he was etimpelled to drop his bundle and rushed into
the. street naked. The watchman 'instantly sprung, his rattle,
but before assistance arrived the flames coMmunicated with
the staircase and floor above the shop. Mr. and :41irs.
Jones appeared at the window in a most distressing situation,
and were heard calling to the watchmen to procure a ladder,
which he said he could. not do, as he did not know where
to get it; but the neighbours promptly came to their assist.
once, and got them, out safe. fly this time the house was
ono column
.of fire, and every attempt to save any part of
the property proved fruitless. Several engine's arrived, and
114ving procured a plentiftil supply of water, they prevented the
fire from extending any .further than the house in which it
commenced, and which, with the whole of the property, was
destroyed.

SUICIDE IN THE:,COMPTEIt.--.A ,man of the
name of William Cooper, who had been taken to the Giltspur-
street COmptcr on Wednesday night, 'charged with several un.
eqUivocal acts of 'indecency toward the person of a man who
lodged in the same room with him, and who from the nature of
'the eliarge had been locked up for the night in a separate room
by himself, was found yesterday morning, when the keeper
went to unlock the cell, quite dead, having suspended himself
by his silk handkerchief from the top of the inner door.

FOR THE SUN.

T-

ON THE SLAVE TRADE TO AFRICA, &c.

MR, EDITOR—The greatest evil which ever
befel Human Beings is for one person to be a
slave to another, and this'slavery was carried to
the most cruel pitch by the Spaniards to the de-
struction of the innocent American Indians whom
they conquered. Bartholomew de las Casas;
Archbishop of Chiapas, with a view to save the
remaining Indians, recommended the importation
of Negroes to- America, and, as Dr. Robertson
(in his excellent History of America) justly ob-
serves, CC he took the yoke off the Indians to
place it on the Africans." This Slave Trade to
Africa has continued ever since. When Settle-
ments were first begun in the West Indies and
America by the English, in the time of Queen
Elizabeth, she dispatched Sir John Hawkins in
a ship to the Coast of Guinea, and, in a letter
written by herself to him, directs that if Ire
could not. purchase Negroes, to kidnap them or
take them by force," There is not any Historian
who thought this a stain on the character of that
great Queen. The trade for Negroes continued
to increase; and, by the year 1772, was carried
on with the greatest attention to humanity and
the comfort of the Slaves, being dictated by self-
interest. The Pasiage (called the Middle Pas-
' sage) from the Coast of Africa to Jamaica
never exceeding eight weeks, and, in general not
more than six weeks. But when copper-sheath-
ing to ships was introduced the duration of this
voyage was shortened. Many ships arrived at
Jamaica without the loss of a slave during these
voyages. As the Spaniards could not compete
with us ; they sent annually Assiento ships to Ja-
maica for the purchase of Negroes. Through
the humane exertions of Mr. Wilberforce the
abosninable traffic for Negroes has been abolished
by the British Legislature. But the Spaniards
and Portuguese not being able to work their
estates and mines without slaves, have continued
to import Negroes into the West Indies and
America from Africa in ships not properly fitted
for the purpose ; and at the same time they were
'unacquainted with the beneficial effects of *en,
tilation, and the vapour of vinegar,
&o that for every Negro imported; three have
died: The number of slaves arrived safe in the
Island of Cuba (since the British. Slave Trade
has been abolished) amounts to a millionf"and
one million more has arrived in Spanish Americo
and the Brazils.—The' aggregate of those Im-
ported is two millions, and those fest forwent
of medical care on'board their slave ships amount
to six millions at the least calculation. But if
half of that number, what a destruction of the
human species, and which the humane anther
of the aboliai of the British Slave Trade
never foresaw I----lint the Spaniards and Por-
tuguese refttfie to abolish the Slave Trade, and
this havoc of the poor Negroes en board their
slave ships will continue. Mr. Wilberforce has
lately presented a petition from the Quakers to
abolish the slavery of the Negroes in the British
West Indies. Snppose this effected—What wilt
be the consetweace ? When the Negroes become
free, will they work ? No—they• will not—they
will obtain grants of land,, on which they will
grow maze corn, guinea cern; plantains and

yams, rear poultry of all sorts', pigs, cattle, sheep
and goats in 'sufficient abundance for their own
consumption and for sale. As to working on
sugar plantations, that the Negroes never will-do
again. At the French Revolution the French
Negroes of St. Domingo formed two. Govern.
meats under two despotic Chiefs., who compelled
the Negroes to cultivate Indigo,cotton, sugar,and
"coffee, that their Exports might enable' them to
import all the comforts of civilized Europe.—
Schools for the education of both sexes were ega-
blished : but all this cannot happen in the British
West Indies, unless the Negroes were possessed
of the Govcrinnept and the soil. The rendering
all the Negroes free in the West Indies is like
depriving a Gentleman of large landed property
in England of all the * Population of his estate,
which then will be of no value to him. In like
manner the Gentlemen, who have estates in the
West Indies will lose all their property, and at
the same time Great Britain, the whole com-
merce to and from West Indies.

. A WEST INDIAN.
" Some years ago, a proposal appened in a NeWspapet,
" that m China was .too populous, two millions of Chinese as
freemen might be sent to cultivate the West Indies instead of
the Negroes, who then might obtain their freedom, and slivery
be for ever abolished."

CHANCERY BARRISTERS AND SOLICItORS.—
We some time ago noticed' the pending contro-
versy between these parties. It seems that the
King's Counsel hold out, and refuse to comply
with the very reasonable request, that they should
elect one of the Equity Courts, to which they
shall confine their practice. Whether their re-
fusal arises from motives, of avarice alone, or
from a mixed motive in which pride may be con-
cerned, It is immaterial to inquire-- the Soli-
citors having determined to be firm, and the re-
medy being altogether in their hands. The
monopoly of businesq in the Court of Chancery
is quite unaccountable. None of the present
Leaders are distinguished by pre-eminent talents.
The threatened measure on the part of the Soli-
citors of employing sluff gowns, may be safely
adopted ; there is as much talent behind
as before the Bar—indeed splendid abilities
are not required ; eloquence addressed to
an Equity Judge is all thrown away. The ex-
traordhsnry prosperity of the most successful prac-
titioner in those Courts at this day, fully esta-
blishes this fact. We trust that the public,
therefore, will be freed from an intolerable evil,
that has been so long and so loudly complained
of ; and if the Solicitors should give way (of
which by the way there is no suspicion), the
Suitors themselves should remember, that they
have the power of not subjecting themselves to
loss, vexation and disappointment; Bier. by per-
emptorily forbidding their causes to be entrusted
to any but those whl will do the work for which
they are so largely paid, without occasioning
whole years of unnecessary delay.—(Morning
Chronicle.)
