LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, MAV 12, 1835.

Parliament re-assemb!t.s this evening, when new
Writs will be moved for the folowing places :
STAFFORDSHIRE;
POOLE,
KILDARE,
MALDON,
STROUD.

The West Riding of Yorkshire has not been back-
ward in declaring its approbation of the principles and
conduct of his MAJESTY'S present Ministers. Lord
MORPETH'S majority of upwards of TWO THOUSAND
VOTES on one day's poll, speaks a language too plain
to be misunderstood even by the blindest and :most
obstinately perverse of that faction upon whose pro-
ceedings it pronounces so solemn, so overwhelming a
condemnation. This faction, as insolent as it is per-
fidious, has had the audacity to proclaim, wherever itsi
ill-gotten wealth could purchase an organ base enough
to become its tool, that the PEOPLE OF ENGLAND
were on its side—that the People of England having
gone astray after the phantom Liberty, had come to a
sense of their error, and were now all eager to return to
the good old ways of slavery I This delusion, or rather
this deception—for they were not deluded themselves
though they wished to delude others—their leaders bad
the daring effrontery to practise even upon their King,
in order that they—no matter at what cost to the
peace, prosperity, and happiness of the cottntry—might
enjoy once more, for however brief a space, the sweets
of office, and the fruits of place. They had their
wish. They were taken on trial, as suspected servants
sometimes are by good-natured masters, and at the
end of four short months, they were dismissed with
ignominy by the indignant voice of the nation—that
nation, be it not forgotten, to which they had made a
formal appeal for a trial. Thus foiled and baffled
in their hypocritical and fraudulent attempts to
gain the affections of the people, by passing them-
selves off as honest men ; thus publicly, and in
the face of the world rejected, cast out with dishonour,
they still unblushingly persist in asserting that they
and their principles are the objects of popular favour
And what is the proof of this bold assertion ? Where
are the outward and visible signs of this boasted popu-
larity ? Hole and corner addresses out of number
we admit. Wherever a little knot of Tories could
get an empty barn or other secret nook to meet in, a
snug little testimony of popularity was got up, sent
off, and paraded in the Tory journals with due so-
lemnity. This is what they call re-action. But how
have they fared when they could muster courage enough
to face a constituency ? Let the late elections answer
this question. How many of the twenty-five members
of the Government, who vacated their seats, have they
been able to supplant in the affections of their con-
stituents ? Not one. How many of them have they
thrown out? Just one. By means the most profligate
they overpowered the electors of South Devon. And
now, as if the people were determined to show how
little they ought to plume themselves upon such a
triumph, the greatest Constituency in England comes
forward, and places a Member of the KING'S Govern-
ment—a Church spoliator, as the Tories call him—
above the representative of Toryism by a majority of
thousands. This is RE-ACTION.

The city dinner to Sir ROBERT PEEL took place
yesterday at Merchant Tailors' Hall. Those who ex-
pected to hear the Right Hon. Baronet enter at any
length into the great political questions of the day, or
animadvert with severity on the principles of the pre-
sent Government, must have been sadly disappointed,
for nothing could be more indefinite, from first to last,
than the character of his speech. He tells us, indeed,
that he is determined " to abide by, and act upon, the
Reform Bill ;" but this is a mere phrase of course,
which binds him to nothing, and which means nothing,
even while he intends that it should mean a good
deal. That it is neither more nor less than a
piece of ingenious Conservative mystification, is evi-
dent from a subsequent passage in Sir ROBERT
