GENERAL CONVENTION.
(THIS DAY.)

Mr. WOLSTENHOLIVIE in the chair.
A letter was read from the Delegates, at Birmingham,
asking a further remittance.
After some discussion,
Mr. O'CONNOR emphatically declared that the whole
question of the legality or illegality of the Convention
would be raised upon the trial of the Birmingham Dele-
gates, and' never would the funds of the Convention be
better employed than in now establishing the rights of the
people ; and he should move that it be an instruction to
the Defence Fund Committee to engage Sir C. Wether-
ell for the defence, whom he would rather have than the
whole bar of England, for he knew that Sir Charles
would do his duty like a man, and read the Magistrates
and the Government of this country a lesson on the tyranny
and imbecility of their proceedings, which would do more
to establish the rights of the people than all which had hi-
therto beenidone.—( Hear.)
On Mr. DUNCAN'S subsequently moving that the letter
be referred to the Defence Committee, Mr. O'Connor
withdrew his motion, and Mr. Duncan's was agreed to.
Mr. BUSSEY reported his journey in the north. The
people in Yorkshire were, to a certain extent, prepared for
the sacred month ; but they regretted that Delegates
should have voted for the commencement of the month
who were not yet confident as to the ability of their con-
stituents to bear the privations of that period. In one of
the densest manufacturing districts the masters had given
notice that if the Convention did not now make the men
cease work on the 12th of August, the masters would, as
it would be to them a great kindness.—( Hear, hear. )
Mr. HARNEY then reported his mission in Northumber-
land and Cumberland where the people, though too poor
to be prepared in provision for the national holiday, were
perfectly prepared in spirit. Of the run on the banks of
the Tyne, he could speak with certainty. He had ad-
dressed 40 public meetings in a month. As to the speech for
which he was to take his trial next week, he would only
say that if it had been correctly reported by the spy, it
did not commit the Convention.—( Hear, hear.) He had
done his best to excite the people ; but he was careful that
the effect should be seen, not when it would injure the
people, but their tyrants.—(Hear, hear.) He had found
the people often ready to slake themselves in blood rather
than lose the Charter. If ever the Charter was won, it
would be by the men of the North, and if they were not
now prepared, they never would be. The Convention
had began at Birmingham to take steps which had
excited the expectations of the people, that they
would adopt energetic measures. But he was sorry to be
obliged to say that he believed the Convention, if it had
not lost, was rapidly losing the confidence of the people,
through its conduct on the subject of the sacred month.
What fitter day could be fixed on for beginning the na-
tional holiday than Monday, the sth of August, the day
when the news of the trial of the delegates would arrive ?
Why now delay? Information wanted, forsooth I What
then, were all the simultaneous meetings a farce ? He
trusted the people, and if acquitted would, within
forty-eight hours, be with the people. He
should be grieved to find this movement dwindling
away in a dungeon. Rather than endure the lingering
horrors of transportation, cheerfully would he face the
hangman's rope. The Convention would not do its duty
unless for their unfortunate brethren now doomed to con-
finement and banishment they procured freedom. And
how could they do that? By calling upon the people, and
placing them in collision with their tyrants. This move-
ment could not fail, unless through the misconduct of their
leaders. Where were the numbers and the enthu-
siasm so much boasted of in the North? If the Con-
vention were not prepared to meet the consequences
of the struggle, let them resign their trusts, and the
people would elect another Convention, who would pro-
claim the national holiday, and bring on the contest, with-
out which never would be obtained the salvation of father-
land. Either the people were strong enough to procure
their rights, or not. If they were, why not call upon
them? If not, why n)t tell them frankly that they must
despair ?—(Hear, hear.) The leaders of Lancashire and
Yorkshire had wickedly deceived the Convention, for the
people there were as fully prepared as those of Northum-
berland, Cumberland, and Durham—if allowed now to
go back, wearied of useless agitation, to their slavery,
they would never more be roused.—( Hear, hear.) The
Convention might, at this last moment, show to the country
that they were fitted for the leadership of the people, but if
through any timidity of theirs this movement failed, they
would deservedly be the object of universal scorn, No man
in the Convention, however cautious and prudent, was
safer than another—his young blood might be taken first
by the tyrants, as the most ardent in carrying out the
movement ; but the cause once ruined, the most moderate
would alike partake the common fate. No medium now
—we conquer, or we fall.
Mr. O'CONNOR might have wished that the people had
commenced the holiday on the day when the convictions in
Wales took place, but if they did not feel sufficient interest
in it the Convention could not excite them. He feared
among the leaders of the people, not the traitor or the spy,
but the fool. He did not mean to say that Mr. Harney
was either—( Hear, hear, and a laugh)—but this he knew,
that the people would not be misled by Mr. Harney.
The Convention then entered into private business.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, TH lIRSDA v. —We con.
tinue to have a good demand for cotton. This day's trans•
actions, 5,000 bags ; since Friday an advance of 3-d
per lb.

- Arrivals this Morning—French.and Ostend Mails; ship
letters from Africa, Demerara, and Jamaica; Calcutta, by
the Bengal Merchant.
The meeting of the Bank Directors yesterday was con-
tinued to a late hour in the afternoon ; and after they
broke up no notice was issued, although it was generally
expected. The important point of their discussions still
continues to be a profound secret.
The exports of bullion from the 11th to the 17th July
bas been—Gold coin, 2,730 ounces ; bar, 2,172 ounces.
Silver, in coin, 41,098 ounces. Against the above return
the exports from the 19th to the 24th July are—Gold bar,
1,600 ounces; and coin, 2,020 ounces. Silver coin, 69,949
ounces ; and bars, 21,060. The great bulk of the silver
has been exported this week to China, to replace that
portion of silver which ,the stoppage of the opium trade
has withdrawn from the market for the purchase of tea.
We have received the journals of Antwerp of yesterday's
date, which contain the speech of the Minister of the In-
terior on the closing of the Session of the Dutch States
General by Commission. He says that in consequence of
the arrangement of the affairs with Belgium, the budget
for the year 1840 will not be laid before the Chamber until
the next Session, owing to the great changes in the ex-
penses of the public service which will take place. There
is also to be an alteration in the coinage. There is nothing
further of importance in the speech.
Consols opened this morning at 922 I for the Account ;
Money, 924, with little doing at present. Exchequer Bills
heavy at 9 11 prem. ; India Bonds, nothing done ; India
Stock, 253 254; Bank Stock heavy, 1861 1874.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish 194 ; Portuguese,
same as they closed, 344 ; Three per Cents., 214 22 ;
Brazilian, 784 794 ; Colombian, 321- 33 ; Mexican, 284
29; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 554; Five per
Cents., 1034 Ir.
PRICES Uk STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 92P„ Ditto Bonds lB pm.
3 per Cent. Cons. 92% 1% South Sea Stock
3%. per Cent — Old Annuities
Ditto Red. 99; 100 New Ditto
New 3% per Cent 99% 9 % 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities to expire Ditto 500 .. 13 11 prn.
Jan. 5, 1860 14% Ditto Small .. 12 14 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859 l4 1-16 Ditto Commercial — pm.
Jan. 5, 1860 Ditto Advertised pm,
Jan. 5, 1880 — Bank Stock for Account ... 188%
April 5, 1880 — India Stock for Account ...
Jan. 5. 1870 — Consos for Account 924 g
HALF-PAST ONE.
We have received the Hamburg papers of the 23d
July. They bring the Exchange 4of a schilling higher,
and the price of gold 4 mark lower. Exchange 13 54 ;
Gold, 433 marks ; 106 ; Bank Share sl5 16
to 15 18. No political information in the above papers of
consequence.
Not a feature worth notice up to this hour has taken
place in either of the Markets.

We understand that the sum required for the Croydon
Railway will be to a small extent, about 70,0001., and
there is little doubt that it will be easily obtained.
Nothing as yet has transpired respecting the long dis-
cussion at the Bank yesterday, in alt probability the ope-
rations in the Exchanges this afternoon, may lead to some
clue.

Consols may be quoted 92k for the Account ; they were
in the morning 921; Money 91i; Exchequer Bills 11
10 ; Small ditto 12 14 ; India Bonds 18 prem. ; Bank
Stock 1861 187.
In the Foreign Market scarce anything doing. Spanish
Active, 19+; Portuguese, Three per Cents. 21i ; Colom-
bian, nothing done ; Mexican, 28i ; Dutch Two-and-a-
Half per Cents., 55k; Five per Cents., nothing done.
CLOSING PRICES.
BRITISH FUNDS

sank Stock 187
3 per Cent. Red go%
3 per Cent. CUB. 9l3g
3X, per Cent. Red 5,9%
New 3y4 per Cent 99%
New 5 per Cent —
Long Annuities to expire
Jan. 1860 .................. 14%
Oct. 1859 ....... . ........ 1 t 1-16
Jan 1880 ........... .....

i India Stack
!Ditto Bonds
Ditto Old Annuities
Ditto New Annuities
Ex. Bills, 1,0001 .2d 19 pm.
Ditto 5001 11 pm.
Ditto 5001 14 pm.
Bank Stock for Opg
India Stock for Opg
Consols for Opg
N FUNDS

Portuguese Bonds, sper cent.
Ditto, New Ditto
Prussian, 5 per cent
Russian Bonds, 5 per cent —
Ditto, Metallic
Spanish, 5 per cent.
Ditto, Deferred B%
French, 5 per cent 112 f. _..c.
Exchange —l; —c
French, 3 per cent —f. —c.
Dutch, '234 per cent. 53
Ditto, 5 per cent.
k RES,

3!,
ay
lway 15%
ay (Trunk) JO%
ailway 37%
