FIIE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 11, 1840.

Mr. LEADER moved his address to her MAJESTY
to pardon FROST, WILLIAMS, and JONES.
Mr. HUME seconded the motion.

Mr. Fox MAULE opposed it.
Mr. T. DUNCOMBE and Mr. WAELEY spoke in its
favour, Sir S. LUSHINGTON against it. On a division
the motion was supported by only five Members, and
sixty-eight voted against it. The House adjourned at
a Quarter before Eleven.

We did not err when we supposed that Mr.
THOMASSON'S communication from Bolton, which
appeared in The Sun of last Friday, would excite
great interest in the country. We have received
several communications on the subject, and in
answer to one Correspondent we would recommend
him, in order to attain his object, to have Mr.
THOMASSON'S communication printed on a half
sheet of paper, and sent to all the Members of the
Legislature, and to all the Journals, with a
request to re-publish or notice it. The public
dues not now so much want a knowledge
of facts on this subject—for they are well
known—as to kindle moral indignation against the
unfeeling and unrighteous men who doom their
fellow-creatures to misery—just like the slave-
owners of the West India Islands—to enrich them-
selves ; and Mr. THOMASSON'S letter, though also
full of facts, is well calculated to answer that end.
We trust that this and similar communications will
be circulated through all the Anti-Corn-law Jour-
nals of the empire, and that the resolute upholders
of these barbarous laws will be made to suffer as
well as the poor and the industrious.
The question of the repeal is exciting, we per-
ceive with satisfaction, very general interest ; and
the demand for a total and immediate repeal is
equally general. There is no longer any Jour-
nals of influence which ask a bit-by-bit re-
peal. Nobody now advocates the continuance
of half this legal felony. Last year, at
this time, our demand for total and unconditional
repeal was regarded as wholly unattainable. Now,
that alone will satisfy the Anti-Corn-law party. The
landlords then, perhaps, might have preserved a rag
of their usurpation to console them, by still keep.
ing on the other classes the mark and sign of their
mastership, and our slavery ; but now they have
outraged patience too long, and will not be suf-
fered to retain a single penny of their annual
plunder.

We are quite aware, indeed, both from the ob-
servations we see in the provincial papers, and
from the number of petitions presented to Par-
liament, that there is yet amongst the working agri-
culturists a strong feeling of attachment to the
Corn-laws. They are, in general, ignorant of the
political bearings of the question ; in general, too,
they take their opinions from the landowners, and
have been deluded by these deceivers into a
belief that the Corn-laws are as beneficial to the
agriculturists as they are supposed to be to the
landowners. For our parts, we hare so much
veneration for the art by which society is fed,
that if we supposed agriculture and the agri-
culturists would be injured by the abolition of the
Corn-laws, we should certainly not advocate that
cause. We contend for the abolition because it
would enrich all classes, except the receivers of
rent and tithes, and it would humanize and benefit
even them.

There is one great fact which the agriculturists,
we believe, overlook, namely, that their produce—
food—contrary to the produce of the loom or the
anvil, is sure to create its own market. Half the
community are now under-fed, and would eagerly
purchase and consume much more food than they
can now obtain, were it within their reach. The
farmers would not require, therefore, to wait for the
increase of population, which has always followed
from abundance of food, to provide a market for
any increased supply, which they or the whole
civilized world could furnish to England. 'We
may doubt whether the power of producing
silks and cottons will not be more than sufficient to
supply the demand ; but that population will keep
pace with the supply of food, and that it conti-
nually presses upon the supply, is one of the best
established facts in the whole range of moral
science. The farmers, however, ignorant of this,
are frightened lest the repeal of the Corn-laws
should so augment the supply of food, that time
would be no persons to buy and consume their pro-
ductions. Vain and silly delusion ! _ _

The farmers arc well ;mare that the farmers of
Germany, or of other countries, will not give our
people corn for nothing. They will get for every
grain they supply as high a price as they can, and
'the price which they can get here, as they have to
send their bulky commodity some thousand miles
to our market, ought surely to pay the English farmer.
Is he who boasts of his skill, who hears at every market-
town ordinary, at every cattle show, of ,the vast supe-
riority of English agriculture, afraid to enter into
competition with Polish serfs and German bauers
His implements are of the first description and the
cheapest make ; manure is, .in our country, most
abundant ; conveyance is, in every part of Eng-
land, beyond comparison, cheap and easy ; all
the. advantages are on his side, and he suffers
himself to be made a fool of a degraded
fool—when he believes, because the land-
lords tell him so, that he cannot compete in the
London market with those who grow wheat on the
plains of Poland. What would he, and what
would the landlords say if our seamen or our sol•
diers were to shrink from a fight with the Russians
or French because they are not as good sailors or
soldiers as their enemies? And why should our
fanners ask for a law to protect them against
the competition with Russian and French
farmers ? It is a disgrace to our boasting
agriculturists to dread a contest with foreigners,
and they fighting on their own dung-hills.
But the farmer wrings his hands in despair, and
says, " I am so much burdened, my tithes are so
heavy, my rent is so high, the wages of labour are
so exorbitant, I must pay such vast sums for
poor-rates, county-rates, for seed corn, for stock, for
agricultural implements, for harness, and all other
things, that I cannot meet the Russian or the
Polish farmer on equal terms ill the London mar-
ket." Does he suppose then, that landlords and
parsons in other countries do not extort from in-
dustry all which it can spare ? Is he such an
ignorant dolt as to fancy for one moment that the
Continental Governments have not acquired the
art of fleecing their subjects to as great an extent as
our own Representative Legislature ? Let him
not so vilify our most glorious Constitution, for
it is by no means the only Government in Europe
under which industry is ground to the earth
by excessive taxation. The foreign farmer, we
can assure the growers of wheat in Lincolnshire,
Essex, and other counties, has to bear the burdens
of a plundering aristocracy, a rapacious State
Church, a standing army, a national debt, and a
huge police, just as our agriculturists have to groan
under those burdens. The landlords may tell him
differently, but they speak falsely ; and whatever
may be the burdens of which our agriculturists
complain, the agriculturists of other nations are
not exempt from similar burdens. If they be,
a stronger argument for overturning our much-
praised Government, and having recourse to the
republican system of the United States, or the
despotic system of these now despised Continental
States, will not be found in all the books and news-
papers of the Chartists and the Socialists.
In fact, however, the burdens of which the
farmer complains are all enhanced by his beloved
Corn-laws. Tithes, indeed, now fall not on hint,
but rent is enhanced 30 per cent., or even
doubled, by the Corn-laws. The nominal price of
labour is kept high by the same cause, and
raises the price to him of all the implements and
stock he purchases. The Poor-rates, the County-
rates, and the bulk of the taxes, go to pay labour of
andone ktaixnedsoarr are e another,han enhanced the f"Co Corn-laws.
d ; and all these rates
-laws. The high
mannerprice of
n ‘v provisions,
hieh
the
aristocracy combined w i t
ih hlive,, s
eerxvter
sa extravagant
at
et
to all the servants of the State, an
wouortkohfouthsee
pretext and the justification for givindg ltioigthhesawlahroieles
rs,
bCeoeunnmtyadaen
bnriaosotderso,fgasuolrevrer
&c.measurers,acrelerpti
odf theP Poor-rates. aAct, but nearly one half of the sum necessary to
expense te s .
fGattrheeneclovme;
)olanisnttasbuhlaavrye
pay an efficient police is caused by the Corn-laws
enhancing prices, and the other half is made
necessary by those laws depriving the people of em-
ployment and setting them an example of plundering
their neighbours. When the farmer tells us that
his heavy burdens prevent him meeting the Rus-
sian and the Pole in a fair open competition, we
will
tho reply rin pul
much
that
hwhatever
reduced
hm
by allowing
ayb e his
thburdens,
supplythey
the manufacturer, the labourer, the tax and rate
twhiet collieeaopufmo oocrl .e "['hat
he may meet the Russian and equal
eatcr, and the rent extortioner

terms than at present, his outgoings should be !.e-
-duced by the price of food being lowered. He re-
sists the free importation of corn, however, and
must in consequence pay higher rent, higher rates,
higher taxes, and higher prices for everything he
uses or consumes. The foolish farmer earns the
contempt and hatred of his fellow-men by making
himself the collector of the most odious of all taxes
for other people.

Amongst the arguments which the CHANCEL-
LOR of the EXCHEQUER used last night to jus-
tify inquiry into the influence of banks of issue
over the currency, he adverted to " the rapidity with
which commercial events had followed each other
of late years." Not only commercial events, but
others have followed each other of late years with
great rapidity, so as to make the best accredited
political and economical theories appear foolish-
ness. It is not, therefore, to be wondered at that
the " House requires (as the CHANCELLOR of
the EXCHEQUER said) to instruct itself and the
public on this question," though we are surprised
at his honesty, so different from that of the general
run of politicians, in making the confession. But
if events now follow each other with unexampled
rapidity, because men are more numerous, and they
communicate much more with each other than for-
merly, and because their thoughts are the parents of
all moral events—and if the House now require in-
struction, is there not good reason to suppose that
its former legislation on this subject has been based
in error, and that its next legislation will, ten
years afterwards, appear to be founded in igno-
rance ? The genuine modesty of Mr. BARING is
one of the first symptoms we have seen of cgrrect
thinking in our legislators. We hope it will be
carried out, and that doubt and hesitation will come
to supply the place in Parliament of dogmatism
and rash resolve.

We highly approve of the inquiry proposed ; but
as banking is altogether a modern business, the bear-
ings of which on the public welfare in future can-
not be known 'to statesmen, while bankers can
only judge of it as it affects themselves, and not as
it may affect the public, we would venture to sug-
gest the utmost caution in recommending any new
laws. To get rid of monopolies, to do away with re-
strictions, to abolish laws founded in ignorance,
seems on general principles to be safe policy; while
maintaining monopolies enacting restrictions, and
passing laws in ignorance is the reverse of either
safe or useful policy. It has not been customary
in England for the Legislature to interfere with

the management of traders, and the less it has in-
terfered, as in the cotton manufacture, the more the
trade has flourished. We would have the Com-
mittee, therefore, remember that banking is alto-
gether a trade, a branch of business, like making
shoes or weaving cloth, which is much better pet-
formed when left to private interest than when in-
terfered with by public regulations.

In our report of the Assizes at Maidstone is a
case worthy of public attention. Sir HERBERT
JENNER, the very highest of our Ecclesiastical
Judges, prosecuted a man for felony, his crime
being stealing three hurdle poles or twigs, value
a penny or three half-pence. The offence was
committed on the Ist of February, and we presume
that HENRY JAMES has since that period been in
prison. Such is the mode by which our Judges
and the law teach morality and kindness to the
peasantry, and such is the way that gaols are
filled, that the people are corrupted, and the land
gets the character of great criminality. The events
of almost every day add to our astonishment at the
wonderful forbearance and patience of the hunted
and oppressed commonalty of England.

The Morning Herald is in fits at the defeat of
Sir GEORGE SINCLAIR'S attempt to throw out
the Irish Corporation Bill. It represents the ar
guments of the Caithness paradox-monger as " al-
together unanswerable," and pours forth, after its
own anile fashion, lamentation upon lamentation
at the approaching destruction of Protestantism in
the Emerald Isle. " The next demand," exclaims
our venerable Contemporary, " will be for the sub-
version of the Protestant Church."

We are quite sure that no such demand as this
will ever be made by the Catholics, nor have the
enemies of that powerful community the least
grotind for the charge thus preferred. That the
Catholics will do all that they can to favour the
spread of their own system of faith, we not only be-
lieve, bzt know for a certainty ; and we give them
all credit and honour for their zeal in the cause of
what they hold to be the truth. But it is to be
borne in mind that while they are instant, in season
and out of season, in their endeavours co extend
their religion, they deny not to others the rights
which they claim for themselves ; they adopt no
measures to propagate Catholicism, which are not
equally in the power of all other sects.
They even repudiate the means for strengthening,
themselves as a Church, which the Church of Eng-
land regards as the most effectual for that purpose
—connection with the State. Their priest-
hood will not become the pensionaries
of the State. And why ? Because they
have before their eyes, in the decay of
State-protected religion, a beacon to warn them
from the rock which has been so fatal to others.
If a religious sect could have been rendered pros-
perous by walls of partition, by fences, by penal
laws against other sects, by the possession of ex-
clusive privileges—in short, by every mode of pro-
tection and encouragement which the State can
confer—the Irish portion of the Church of Eng-
land would have been the most flourishing on the
face of the earth. Yet what is its actual
state ? In numbers it is, when compared with its op-
pressed and persecuted rival, altogether contemptible.
—so contemptible, indeed, that this very disparity
of numbers is the reason why its advocates are
compelled, on their own confession, to surrender
privileges to which they have clung as long as it
was possible under any pretence to maintain them
The Irish Catholics ask for no advantage as
the professors of a particular faith. All that they
demand is an equality of civil privileges with their
fellow-citizens. It is now too late to deny them
this ; it is dangerous to delay it ; and it is, above
all things, absurd to refuse it on the ground that
the Protestants would be swallowed up in the
greater numbers of the Catholics ; for whether it be
a question of civil or religious privilege, the more
numerous the excluded are the greater is the dan-
ger arising from their exclusion, and the more press-
ing the necessity for a change of system.

We return to the question of the Stade Duties, to
which we invited the attention of our commercial read-
ers in an article in The Sun of Monday. We stated in
that article the extraordinary fact, that British ships
navigating the Elbe were liable to pay eight distinct
taxes to the King of HANOVER, and his officers at Stade,
for which no benefit whatever,—not so much as a sin-
gle buoy or beacon—was pretended to be given. Now,
as great Britain carries on a more extensive naval
trade with Hamburg than any other nation in the
world, Preece not excepted, these taxes operate
most injuriously upon our commerce with Ger-
many, now menaced with destruction by the
German Commercial League. The taxes we speak of
are thus enumerated in the excellent pamphlet of Mr.
HUTT, aLP., from which we promised to make some
extracts in our article of Monday, namely :-1. Tax es
on the ship ; 2- Taxes on the cargo, every article being
charged in detail ; 3. Commission to the Customs'
officers of 6
Taxes styled " ship's expenses," object not known ;
5. ' Commission thereupon • 6. Eventualiter interim cer-
tificate i per cent. on the above payments ; 4.
; 7. Certificate of return ; and to crown this
long list of piratical exactions, an eighth tax
on passing Stade outward-bound ! These taxes
were not paid by the merchants without frequent mur-
murings. Mr. HUTT assures us that the Foreign-office
and the Board of Trade are crammed with the " peti-
tions, memorials, and remonstrances of British mer-
chants against the proceedings of the Stade-tax collec-
tors—proceedings which the sufferers denounced as il-
legal in themselves and ruinous to commerce." The
complainants might as well have spared themselves the
trouble of making any noise on the subject. Tho
Stade duties were a personal perquisite of the Kings
of Great Britain as Sovereigns of Hanover, and their
complaisant Ministers never troubled themselves
about preventing them from filling their private
coffers at the expense of their subjects. But now
that the Monarch's private interests no longer
stand in the way, step to redress the evil may be ca-
-1 petted to be taken by the Government. Ministers can
be just without peritling the dearest objects of Ministe-
rials
solicitude—namely, the smiles of their Sovereign and
the retention of their places. We are not here speaking
of any Cabinet in particular. We arc alluding generally to
the scandalous conduct of all Cabinets since that of WAL-
POLE upon this disgraceful affair. But heavy as are the
taxes levied by the King of HANOVER at Stade, they are
still more objectionable on account of their uncertainty,
and the penalties under which, even when notoriously ,
u Just, they are enforce:l. The mode of e( ilection pi
reganis British shipping is singularly huntilktivg.
" When a ship under the British nag," says Mr. l

Hurr, " arrives at Stade, she is compelled to lie to,
while the Captain goes ashore and executes a bond, in
which he engages to pay absolute obedience to the dic-
tates of the Hano7erian Custom-house. He then de-
livers his ship's papers over to the Stade officers, by
whom they are sent to Hamburg, where the King of
HANOVER has his own Customs' establishment, and
ee access to the books of the Custom-house of the city.
By these means every facility is acquired for ascertaining
whether the ship's cargo corresponds in the minutest
particular with the manifest and bills of lading ; and,
on unloading the vessel, should the smallest irregularity
be discovered, no matter how unimportant, or how ab-
solutely unavoidable, the ship, and all she contains, fall
immediately under the tender mercies of the Hanove-
rian Custom-house, by which seizure, fine, confisca-
tion—penalties awarded without any fixed principle,
and levied without appeal—are dealt out as caprice or
rapacity may suggest." Here is a state of things happily
unknown to the Imperial Commissioner at Canton, other-
wise his Excellency would have hardly contented himself
with so flimsy a trap for British ship-catching, as the pro-
posed opium bond. LIN is not so covetous of mer-
chants' goods as the King of HANOVER, or else he falls
far short of his Majesty in devices for the enriching of
the Celestial Exchequer at Pekin. Notwithstanding
the noise we are every day making about Chinese rapa-
city, the Canton River is more open to the trade of Eu-
rope than the Elbe. But it remains to be proved that
the King of HANOVER has ever rivalled the injustice
of Litv's seizure of the smuggled opium. This,
however, is fully, we think, established by
the following four instances, quoted in the
body of Mr. HUTT'S pamphlet. Several others of equal
magnitude are given in the Appendix :
" Some time ago, Mears. Gee, Loft, and C0.,:0f Hull,
merchants of great wealth and of the highest integrity,
shipped for Hamburg by the Fairy, Captain Gell, a vessel
which was loaded by them with a general cargo, " three
bales of cottons or merchandise." In the bill of lading the
articles were inadvertently entered " bales of cotton twist"
—the difference of the Stade duty was about 7s. only.
All the ship's other papers described the goods with tech-
nical correctness, and in no other respect was there any
informality. For this error alone in the bills of lading the
Fairy was seized by order of the Hanoverian Custom-house,
to be released only on Messrs. Gee, Loft, and Co. paying
to the King of Hanover the sum of 2151. 17s. 6d. This
enormous fine was paid, and all applications for re-con-
sideration were unavailing—not a farthing was ever restored I
" All suspicion of fraudulent intention must, in this case,
be out of the question : the undoubted honour and inte-
grity of the parties on the one hand, and the miserable
benefit attainable by an act of smuggling (75.) on the
other, alike preclude the possibility of such a construction
of the irregularity. It was, in truth, one of those trifling
inaccuracies in the ship's papers, which may be detected
in the clearance of most of the ships that enter our ports
with a gene' al cargo, yet it was punished like an act of
outrage and criminality, with a fine of 2151., and expenses
in the Law Courts of Hanover.

" The second illustration is of very recent occurrence. It
is a case in which the Stade authorities seem to have been
actuated by the mere gratification of wanton power, such
as suggested to a whimsical tyrant of other days the amuse-
ment of appointing his horse to the Consulate.
" In the course of last year, as the Severn steam-ship,
Captain Knocker (which plies between Hamburg and
Hull), was proceeding on her homeward voyage, she
stopped, as usual, off the guard-ship at Stade, to render
the certificate of return. A gun was fired at the Severn
by the guard-ship, and a, boat sent alongside. It then ap-
pear, d that the officers of the guard-ship had been pleased
to determine that, on her last voyagc,the steam vessel did not
stop soon enough. They demanded, in consequence, as a
fine for the offence, the sum of eight marks, and prepared
to detain the packet, because the captain, knowing there
was no foundation for such complaint, hesitated to comply
with so arbitrary an exaction. The captain, to avoid the
detention of his ship, paid the money, but did so under
protest, and made application to Mr. Canning, the British
Consul-General at Hamburg, for its restoration. For this
act of contumacy towards the authorities of Stade, the
Severn was condemned to an additional fine of 50 dollars
on her return to Hamburg. As in the former case, re-
monstrance was fruitless. There was no redress. The fine

was paid. •
" Take another case from the port of London. On the
19th of September, 1835, Captain Golder, of the ship
Crosby, cleared from London for Hamburg. Among
other articles shipped on board his vessel were certain
bales of deer skins, of which the cscket* was endorsed
thus—

Shipped
Not shipped 6 ditto, 6069 ditto.

Shipped - 1495 shipped.
" The duty at Stade was paid, according to the cocket,
on 1409 skins. The merchant at Hamburgb, to whom
the goods were consigned, observing that tine invoice stated
the goods to consist of sixteen bales with 6054 deer skins,
sent notice of it to the Comptroller of the Stade Custom-
house at Hamburg, in order to rectify the error made by
some clerk in the Custom-house of London. What fol-
lowed? The ship was immediately seized by older of the
Court at Stade, and a fine of 1121. imposed on her, pay-
ment of which was mado by Captain Golder before the
ship was allowed to return home. It is really astonishing
that the commerce which is exposed to such hazards and
to such penalties, continues to maintain itself.
" One instance more. In 1834, Captain Rayner, of the
Elbe packet, left the port of London for Hamburg,
having on board his vessel, which was a regular trader, a
general cargo. Among the packages were five, which i►,
the cocket and bills of lading were marked " stationery."
The captain and the owners of the vessel were, of course
ignorant of their contents. The goods were paid for at
Static; as five packages of stationery. The Stade officers
at Hanover, having free access to the books of the Ham-
burg Custom-house, discovered that, although the pack-
ages consisted chiefly of stationery, there were other
articles put up with it, such as scissors and razors. The
Eibe packet was immediately detained. In vain Captain
Rayner protested that he could have no cognizance of the
irregularity, that it was impossible he could know, in ac-
curate detail, the contents of every particular parcel put
on board his trader. The vessel suffered five months de-
tention, and was then released, on the captain paying a
fine of five dollars, and law charges to about sixteen times
that amount. And it is by proceedings such as these that
the collection of the Stade tax is constantly accompanied !"
Here is not one instance of an unjust seizure of pro-
perty, as in the case of the opium at Canton, but a
series, developing what we can only properly denominate
a system of piracy, which we are astonished that our
merchants have so long tamely endured. Had they
combined together to resist such tyranny, they
never could have been for so long a period sub-
jected to it, especially as the piratical chief was,
up to the period of the demise of WILLIAM IV.,
their own Sovereign. Had the facts been properly
brought before the Parliament and the country, no
regard for the personal convenience of the King could
have been allowed to prevent the remedying of such a
monstrous abuse. That the reigning King of HANOVER
will cling as long as he can to this bad inheritance
of his brother is what may be expected from his
character and his anti-British sentiments. Prussia of
course will support him, as whatever diminishes British
commerce with Germany must tend to promote the ob-
jects of the Commercial League, But firmness on the
part of the British Government will soon overcome
these obstacles. In the meantime, while the negocia-
tions are pending, it would be well to station a couple of
ships of the line in the. Elbe, just to enforce a little mo-
deration on the part of the Stade officers. Unless we
get rid of the present Stade Duties we may expect, in
the course of a few years, to witness the complete ex-
tinction of our trade with Germany.
* A cocket is a document made up at the Custom-house
of the port from which a vessel departs. It consists of an
enumeration of the articles forming the cargo as they
appear entered in the Custom-house books.

The German Papers received this morning state that
the Grand Duke Alexander of RUSSIA is to set out
immediately after Easter to Darmstadt to see his affi-
anced bride, and that his Imperial Highness is to be
received there by M. de BRUNOW, Extraordinary Envoy
at the Court of London.

We find repeated in these Journals the reported
threat of RESCHID PACHA, the Grand Vizier, ad-
dressed to the Ministers of the Five Powers, to the
effect that the Porte would call in the armed aid of
Russia, if steps were not immediately taken to settle
a question so ruinous to the Empire as the continu-
ance of hostile relations between the SULTAN and the
ViCEROY. The credit of this threat is given by the
German correspondent to Lord PONSONBY, with a view
to alarm France and accelerate the tardy movements of
the other Powers. We are, however, of opinion that
his Lordship had nothing at ail to do with the insidious
proposal ; that it originated with M. DE BOUTENIEFF,
who doubtless sought to familiarize the minds of the
Turks to such a contingency.
The tranquillity of Turkey is endangered on more
sides than that of Egypt. This will be seen from the
following article in a German Paper :
" Great fermentation prevails in Bosnia and Herzegowma,
between the Governor of the latter province and the Montene-
gros. There will, in all probability, be a renewal of hostili-
ties, for the inhabitants of the disputed territory of Grabowa
instigated, it is supposed, by the Vladika, lately drove away the
tax gatherer sent by Ali Pacha. The Vladika of Montenegro
has lately had deputies from Podgoritza and other Christian dis-
tricts, proposing to unite with Montenegro, and asking for arms
and ammunition to throw off the Turkish yoke. The Vladika
received their proposals favourably, and dismissed the deputies
with great promises and large presents. He continues to be
very friendly towards Austria. He has caused gallows to be
erected in the heights of Pastrovichi, and proclaimed in the ad-
joining districts that every one shall be hung who breaks the
peace with Austria."

There is not a word of news, except the little con-
tained in the subjoined extracts, in the Paris Journals
of Monday. The Constitutionnet, the supposed organ
of M. THIERS, will not admit that the assertion of the
Journal des J)ebats, that the KING was forced against
his will to make choice of that Minister, ought to be
assumed as a fact by the English pro's. It is curious,
however, to find the Constitutionnel joining issue with
us upon all the inferences which we drew from it, and
thus indirectly admitting it, while pretending to protest
against it.
It is reported that the SOULT Cabinet had prepared
the heads of a Bill for preventing Protestants in France
from erecting Churches, without the express permission
of the Minister of the Interior, or the Prefects in whose
departments it was propose.' to erect them. If this
report he true, it is exceedingly distzraceful to the
boasted hberality of the French G

Th 6parture of 111.. Sain4 A.uiair€, from i 5 art_
nouneed by the Frussraait Stake Gazttte in teima Wisicis de-

serve to be remarked. We find in this paper the following
statement, dated Vienna, February 23 :
" The Count de St. Aulaire. the French Amhassador, will
leave Vienna in a few days; M. de Langsdoiff, his son-in-law,
will act during the Count's absence as Charge d'Affaires. How-
ever, as M. de Langsdorff has already, several times, filled this
office, it is very evident that those persons would be very greatly
mistaken who should consider the departure of M. de Saint
Aulaire as an indication of the stagnation of the diplomatic ne-
gotiations respecting the affairs of the East."
A letter from the frontier, published in the Sentinelle des
Pyrennees of the 6th instant, has the following paragraph :
" The conduct of the French Government is truly inexplicable.
It is but a few days ago that, by a measure as brutal as it was
iilegal, unhappy refugees, peaceable persons, fatigued with
political intrigues, were ordered to quit Bayonne, and either to
return to Spain or to the interior of France. Yet on our fron-
tier, where intrigues are really carrying on, men are suffered
to remain unoisturbedly, who are openly labouring to rekindle
the civil war in the provinces. We cannot conceive how the
agents of the French Government should have two weights and
two measures ; how it can treat the one with so much brutality
and injustice, and the other with such culpable forbearance.
Le Commerce.
The Moniteur has no official part.
A letter from Toulon informs us that since the arrival of the
Phaeton the telegraph is constantly at work. This vessel
brought important despatches from Marshal Vallee. The letters
of July 25 say that hostilities bad recommenced in the plain.
At the same date all was tranquil at Koliah.
The Phaeton was ordered by the telegraph to return imme-
diately to Algiers. It left on the sth with despatches for
Marshal Vallee, and a great number of officers belonging to dif-
ferent corps.—Le Conetitutionnel.
BOURSE.—PARIS, MONDAY, MARCH 9.
first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
t rench 5 per Cents lll 95 ... 112 5 ... 111 90 111 90
4 per Cents lO2 20 02 20 ... 102 20 ... 102 20
3 per Cents B3 83 5 ... 82 80 82 80
Bank of .Vance 3140 ...3 ;40 ...3140 ...3140
Laffitte Bank I,ooof. 1055 ...1060! ...1055 ...1, (10
Belgian Bank 905 910 ... 905 ... 907 50
5 per Cents 104% ... 104% ... 104% 104%
3 per Cents 74 ... 74 30 ... 74 ... 74 30
United States Bank Loan... £9 ... 99 ... 99 99
Dutch 2% per Cents 5334 53% ... 533 y ... 536
Spanish Active 29% ... 29% 29% ... 29%
Passive
... 7% ... 7% ... 7%
Old Deferred 8 .. 8 4 8 8
.
Portuguese 3 per Cents 23%
... 23% 23% ... 23%
Neapolitan
Roman 103% .. 104 ... 103% ... 103%
RAILWAY SHARES.
it. Germain
Versailles, R. B 550 ... 550 ... 550 550
L.B. 372 50 ... 372 50 ... 36/ 50 ... 370
Strasburg to Bale 347 50 ... 347 50 ... C 45 ... 345
Bordeaux to La Teste 375 ... 375 ... 375 375
HAMBURG BORSENHALLE, 51Aacit 6.
Bills. Money.
Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank Shares 1822 1820
An ,10-Russian Loan .. 109 108%
Russian 5 per Cent. Ist series, Certificate
Inscription, Ist Series 103%
Russian 5 per Cent. Hop,! and Co. 3d and 4th
Socks 98(4 9314
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch Actual Debt, 234 pe- Cent 52 51%
Ditto 5 per Cent 971 -
Polish Bonds
New i icket
Anglo..nanish Loan, 3 per Cent 74 74
Norwegian Loan, 1834, 4 per Cent.... l(2
Spanish, New 3 per Cents. '‘ 2% 22%
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, MARCH 6.-13. 7%—Two months, 13 534.
STOCKHOLM, FEB. 2i.—Seventy-five days, 12. 2.
PETERSBURG'', FEB. 25.—Two months, 39 pence.
VIENNA, FEE. 27.—Three months, 9. 18.
BERLIN, MARCH 3. —Three months, 6.21.
CHRISTIANIA, FEB. 26.—Three months, 4 112.
BREMEN, MARCH 3 —Two months, 615.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, FEB. 29.
Five per Cents. Motalliques
Fear per Cents.
three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1836
—Augemeine Zeitung, March 5.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

By the ship Charles Carroll, bound to . Havre, and put into
Falmouth on the Bth instant, American papers have been re-
ceived to the 1 I tit, which do not contain any news of importance.
United States Bank Shares are quoted at 7534 at New York,
and 81 at Philadelphia, being a shade in advance on the pre-
vious prices.
Since the above has been written the New York packet
ship, George Washington, arrived at Liverpool, but not of so
late a date from New York as received by the ship Carroll, left
on the 7th ult. She brings the Exchange at 83/4 9, and United
States Bank Shares at 7911 80 ; and twenty thousand; pounds
in specie.
Extracts from the American Papers will be found in another
part of the Paper. •
The Hibernia packet-ship, from New York, has also arrived
at Liverpool; sailed on the same date as the George Washington.
Arrivals this morning—French mail, ship letters from Cal-
cutta Oct. 10, New York by the Gladiator.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKIT OF TUESDAY.—The sales to-
day, 1,500 bales, without change in prices.

We have received Cape of Good Hope Papers to the 29th
December.

Prize Negroes.—The distribution of the Prize Negroes,
brought by the Modeste into Simon's Bay, BO slaves on
board and a valuable cargo, has excited intense interest in the
town and neighbourhood. They are set down upon our shores
naked, and, no interpreter having yet been found, speechless ;
a large portion of them are children under ten years of age.
The captured vessel was manned by Spaniards, but under Por-
tuguese colours • she is a fine sailing vessel.
Trade and Commerce.—Under the title " Exports and Im-
ports," in M. Van de Sandt's " Cape Calendar and Annual
Register for the years 1838, 1839, and 1840," we find the fol-
lowing statement:—" Amount of duties, fees, store-rents, and
wharfage dues, collected by the Custom department of the
several ports of this colony in the years
1f 3.35

1836 ..
1837 . .
1838
T lose sums have been paid to Government by the importing
,rchants ; there is, therefore, nothing speculative, no open-
ing for error in assuming that the trade and commerce of this
colony have been more than doubled in value in the course of
the last four years.
In a few weeks we shall have the Custom-house returns of
imports and exports for the year 1839 completed, and we ven-
ture to predict, from what we already know, that this year will
exhibit a corresponding increase.
The chief arrivals this morning are from New York—three
regular packet-ships and a trader ; the latest date is by the
Carroll, which put into Falmouth, bound to Havre ; she left
New York on the 11th ult. Previous to her sailing the
United States Bank Shares got up to SO, but on the 10th
ult. they receded to 751. The Exchange may be quoted at 8-1 9.
The French accounts state that the despatches by the over-
land Express from India had arrived on the 7th inst. at Mar-
seilles, and was expected at Paris yesterday. In all probability
we shall have the letters and papers to-morrow.
