REFORM MEETINGS.

MACCLESFIELD. pt
(Abridged from the Macclesfield Courier.) kit
The report of the rejection of the Reform
the House of Peers, which reached this tow) e$
on the morning of Sunday last, was received ,t'ia
complete incredulity, notwithstanding that the pu,in
lic mind had been, in some degree, prepared tit'
such an event, by our announcement of its Pt° 11
bility on the previous day.
A requisition to the Mayor was speedily preset
for a public meeting, to take into consideratiotill.l
propriety of presenting an address to the liing'h•g
assure his Majeety of unalterable attachment to
person and Government, to express a.tonishoit
and regret at the rejection of the Reform
the House of Lord.:, and humbly to beg that
hR
Maj s•y would persevere in a opting such meastt;`.
as might ultimately secure to the country a just 1331f1
equitable representation of the people in the C 0,1,1
mons' H 1'1!
House of Parliament. In compliance '
this requisition, which was signed by about 120 PY
sons of high respectability in the town and
hourhood, his 'Worship appointed a public Ireetkt
to be held at the Gll ldhall, on Thursday at "0,
when the r tom was, in a few minutes from the Or;
irig of the de Ts, crowded to excess. Placardst,,,
it most it flimmatory character, said to have
concocted at a meeting of delegates from the vatio.
branches of the " National Union for the Protect'op.
of Labour," held at Manchester, in May bist'!l
whose desire they were then largely distributedyer
bearing the signatures of the chairman and secrets'
of that body, had been posted in various potig)i
the town at an eat ly hour of the day, with 9" 'nod
tation to the operatives appended, to attend '
contemplated assembly.
At the hour appointed, the Mayor, \V. 11010
Esq., took the chair, amidst the most enthusin:fl
cheerirrz, by which also the appearance of Sir ./°)0
Thomas Stanley, Par,., Daniel Ward, W. B. 9'(0.1
inson, and T. Grimsditeh, Esqrs-, and other ‘"
known R-formers, was greeted.
J. RYLE, Esq., moved the first resolution--- or,
" That this meeting has learned with the deepest 'IP
row, that the Reform Bill introduced by his illajegq',o
nisters, and which had passed the House of Cos 11d
has been rejected by the House of Lords; and th't;,4
meeting views this event with feelings of aNtonishateot
al.trm--with astonishment that a measure fraught %Orel
much public good, sanctioned by the King, and siev,
by the general voice of his loyal suhij'ets, should have ctl
so rejected ; and with alarm at the severe disappointrs
which is felt by the people at large—a disappointment ob
culated to create feelings of indignation in the public
ro
and endanger the tranquillity of t':e country." ipM
W. B. DICKINSON, Esq., seconded the resold'd
The motion was then put and carried by "
majority, bat some noisy radicals and revolutiont,
(says the Macclesfield Courier), composed ofA
lower order of Irishmen, who disgaaced the o,e'',o
by their presence, and who were stationed i".„'01,
corner of the room, whence they kept up a 0001'4'
uproar, calling out, " an amendment, an amendroe'f,
a poor simple soul named Smith, the keeper
" Tommy shop," presented himself for the PurPore
of gratirying their malevolence by moving 0"e veth
sonata with their wishes The motion, hove
s''
having been carried, and D. Wald, and T. °clod
ditch, Esqrs., being in posses-ion, as the mover ail
seconder of the address, he was requested 10d he
until they had concluded their speeches, an

should have a hearing,.. iOOl
DANIEL WARD, Esq. moved I he second resell°
for an address to the K ng, which was seconded
T. GRIMSDITCH,
The SMITH, before mentioned, the, n:We
string of resolutions to the following effect
,! 14,1
" That this meeting views with pleasure and deg,i
the rejection of the Reform Bill by the House of Lord9t
(G eat uproar.) pee'
" That it is the opinion of this meeting that the I.),
ought no longer to exist !—(Cheers and increased tutn
Majesty li',!
That
tiliNe.e
Kingwills,en
pdtaaymi,e,gmobrii:aol
toto hisdo Moat
with
House of Lords !--(Continued uproar.) tbe
That there never wll be any good done tint.'
Church and State are separat d.—(Continued uPr°,
amidst cries of ' Aye, that's it,' could be distinguishe",lo,
"That the inhabitants of Macclesfield are determine' rJh
persevere, by all legal means, until they have 010'11'1
household cuff. age, vote by ballot, and short Parliament'. k
—( Cheers and uproar.) 411
The speaker, having looked round the room slosi
a vacant stale, sapiently inquired whether any Per 11
would second that motion ; on which
Sir J. STANLEY, Barr., rose to order, statinkr,
as a M it.,,istrate of the county, he could not conflet/e0
to assist at a meeting where a proposition had I'd
teii
made that the Peers ought not to be suffereal
exist.—( Gies of " Go away then," and great eri
roar.) Whatever was said or done at that Plea,
and in which he, by being present, %% 640
posed to take a par', he was bound to tell t-1
os
there must not be treason.—(Uproar.) He
it would be believed that he spoke as a frienu*,,,tol
Great uproar continued to prevail, in the 014itere
tl
which Mr. Smith, whose countenance, at the,Piii(ef;
(ion of the word " treason," assumed a deaVforti
hue, and whose appearance at the moment in' s)
cibly reminded us of the description of "the 10 I
happy Wight who drew King Priam's eurtairt'ed
(Ire night to tell him Troy was burning," advillilint
to the front of the platform, and, in a trenlll,
tone, said, that as he had been informed the red I
tions he had proposed were seditious, he steri
withdraw them. Ile then retired amidst the c""
and laughter of all parties. t
JAMES RYLE, a joiner, stated that it was 11°001
wain of a full, fair, and equitable representation( its
after 658 intelligent men had laboured on !b,ero
vestigation of the Bill proposed by his M'tieri' j
Ministers, by night and by day, for so long a Pecon'
less than 200 were enabled, with scarcely On nit
deration of its merits, to throw it out in the 'ltri°
of Lords. He thought the address was as anttrV
accordance with the wishes of the people asd'ln°
s ble, and was an earnest of the unanimity
political matters that was likely in future to elOO
the town, between the higher and lower orrlele.riet
The storm that had raged with such vi art j
throughout the greater part of the morning, sf,"
gn
some degree abated by this appeal, but a P'per:
named Lee attributed selfish motives to tho
tions who were now enfranchised, and to 005 e
sought for a moderate Reform, whereby theYiliwer°
become enfranchised, and said, that while theYoglill
anxious to secure liberty to themselves they ej‘ipg,
tobe willing to grant liberty to others. The tor° I
he said, by dissolving the Parliament, 133-otie
away the veil that concealed the root of cerr°'
which was clearly the House of Lords. hi j
Sir J. STANLEY, Bart., next presented jinn' t
but the worthy Baronet was for some tune the I
dible in consequence of the continuance °.;/ I
tumult. We understood him to speak as fall°‘;D- re'r I
If it is not your finish to hear me, I shall o°' •,`0 0' I
myself upon your attention.—( Uproar, OJT cir,;olo:,:'
"Go on, go on.") lam no party man. is
the question of Reform in the broadest light' 041'1
ought to sr ke on the' senses of every' watt roe
wishes '
wishes for the peace, the honour, and tr,l'eeitleif
fare of his country.—(Cheers and uproar.) dle
men, you have all heard the fable of the bun eser
sticks, which when united bade defiance to allergist
tions to break it, but which when separated w i
easily broken as a reed. Be you then that I'lool
tied, and recollect that in union is strength. d 0)0.
will you be without union ? What woul nnlo I
country be, if every meeting that takes place "ro,et°
be a scene of confusion and division,—if theYf
splitting hairs upon every particular point 00l
[non respecting Reform ? Agreement i 5 elfel
Strength. It is not the poor by 000 00
nor the rich themselves, but the rich hroe
It
poor, who must go hand-in-hand to the
and say—" We, the majority of the VP yO. ,
in point of population and property, implorrive
Mii.jesty to exercise your Royal preroPite-
such a manner, as that we may obtain that %eh
in the representation of which we stand so 01 on,
need." Separate property from populatiaBnirool" t
what would be the state of the country „pelf'
not industry be deprived of its stimulus if P—• f))"
be rendered insecure ? Industry is excited by

lOWA

eived v
at the I
-epared
its Pr'

y preW
lera,ioo

rent to

•tonisho
orm 13111
eg that
h messv

a just
r the

fiance
ut 120 pi
and neq!
dic tree°
at n°
mthe ore
?laeardF)
have be'
the ale
Protect,'
be,
lay
-ibuted,al
id secrete
us part/
ith an
attend I

W. Ha
?tit husi3'
If Sir ..1‘
B.
D.
)then

l resoloii°ll,
conded b)

„ moved'

7,t
an a
dlf Lot Cl 9.

at the PI
ed tuno..o
at GrscOvi
ay with

..1 the
ne until
,r,

ued
be'
ngui "
js to
!teriniue.,.ej
lye obrao

room v,OOl
any Per

tating,,tl;l
)t confln."o I
Dol
I,3,l:dieted f
I great Uhf'
that pier
w=‘s'"efe
tell th
ort
He t h
riendt
't°ll
t
he in' "J
,eie
P",,t 1
deatu., far'
he
!tirtair
ad voioto
treanialie
the re-
-0 •he
thes cbe°'

t I°l
vas TiO tot
tattill:te
:•[;filites,oo,
g a Percel
y
Le fjooir,
"1 rli
s nes for`i

1Y upon which property rests, and which se-
establishes the greatness of a nation. Take
11.°41
ect for property its security, and from the people
propert and they would be as danger-
mad bullocksY'
!mead°
)eei uproar interrupted this portion of
Qf the worthy Baronet, and continued
froefsh face appeared on the platform in the
led On Irishman and Sir J. Stanley had
;"'s seat. This o stated that his ob-
i letrering was to Poebrtsainn a fair hearing for all
li)"Thd that the frequent interruptions caused
!'..l.°,heeedirigs redounded very much to the dis-
!u°l,Ce lower classes, who, in their conduct in
eri;'ng the dictates of reason, and suffering
tig2er,s,t° be guided only by passion, were fur-
g Ch-e(),;grounds to their opponents,, for denomi-
r 8, the swinish multitude.
fre',,A,\LEY, after another pause, occasioned.
ing a- '" uproar, resumed as follows :—ls this
a &Do (':redit to the town, or is it a disgrace? Is
Dq as men of the march of intellect ? appeal
-,1111 en who can now understand plain argu
whol.l'o are labouring for your daily bread—
ng cou ate temperate and industrious—if, after
You h of frugality and industry, the earn-
• aL' amassed were to be taken from you by
Propene
majority, would you not lament that
itY had no security ?—would you not say
4)ciutrghht to have security ?—(Cries of " Yes,
elPer
1 €0 'lli
that unreasonable interruption
excite eneed I contend that industry lovesdid 1'414 that sets it on foot. I did not say,
e e
,ttleao to insinuate, that men of property
ilett)e:' thing in a nation, and that men without
it'rbedwere nothing. I merely said that the un-
▪is P°SSeSSiOn ofproperty ought to be secured.
1114,1:e? Is it right ?—(Cries of " Yes, yes.")
it ;il,4ll3iii, though it did not grant all you
gridns-, did it not confer important benefits thati
Ret h°t enjoyed before ? Did it not give to this
:e'errie.setitative Will you pray his Majesty
„°'isii:e Ina prero ative in the manner lie may, in
"tetcr°, think Proper for the attainment of the
tit-;jeet ; or Pwillyou dictate to the King what
ito4ll,tion of iiefoyrm to be granted shall be ?
1114-t,t'Y Baronet concluded by expressing his
"t tit/4 that
tite he had restored peace where dis-
1410,1stt'l, grid that the meeting were at length
'is 8 regarded the propriety of adopting the
4„:

I,Ats(4, .
a 419 1 named RICHARDS, who had about,.lB_lB
slt ue,,.... .
111;°tI) a," Incarcerated in . Chester Castle for
'seed ututi:everal. other pelsonsoflow degree,
~' we het meeting at great. length. Amongst
Hr. Th 'eve was a tinker, a tailor, and a school-
l' 4rllid 'le latter was very soon abroad, and re-
-44r1 4t
the ridicule of those whom he attempted
e
~lgtuh* Richards deplored the 'ejection of the
111 '' Lords, because he had hoped that
it
have
led to t Reform of a radical nature. 1
.e
i'°4it. tithe-
the House of Peers were %%rong in their
the ki°4 that they could exist without the support
Ile fo;ing and the people. The last person that.i
ibellcltt..4rd proceeded in a strain somewhat simd:
'4, yi!):tlelutled by moving the following amen
tllet°:o;,',ella
g‘rveaast
❑umber
number of the respectable people
inlllit4l:w4 having left the room in disgust, and the
ri4 44d Itevolutionists each holding up two
jh st'Lati of 0„
-11,1 4t
i.til,i4 Meet' g rn estly request his Majesty that
I ti.4.''4o his ink
earnestly
prerogative in much manner
has
itt tileflean'4Y hegranted' to all of his loyal subjects.t e
'Ye tv",' a voice in choosing the representatives
'Ye '4l4te the laws by which we are to be governed."i
lamedliNderstand that the Mayor has signed t ie
,Iddress on behalf of the meeting, and
I,' to e,',, the same, with a sketch of the proceed•
.1.4 ~.f•l Secretary of State for the Home Ds:-
41-
-°r presentation to his Majesty.
'l,,

si,
_ ___
4, 't s
idt Uti Peeeh delivered by Lord GREY. last
'hear?)y,4 has completely removed the impression
''', o erroneous report of what passed at his Lind-
) ili,
fable Diem
Mit et of 0 .interview with the parochial delegates,
i ovt A nith hail been to throw a most unpleasant
4 144,,; tl'e intentions of the Ministry with respect to
itt.ttlilit'k,4l,t'ent! and in fact the Reform Bill itself. The
nill to to 4, in consequence,far more favourable
It thee io tbnfidence than it was yesterday (Monday.). The
'kit ~tY i , e funds is not, in itself, a very material one,
iet,d"4,P, "re firmly maintained, while money has he-
tioC l‘dthlY More abundant, and all transactions con-
-1411.: Wes, a are effected with greater facility. Consols,
"n lt,terda (Mondiy) at Sli, have left off. this
to ] at iscu Y
'F, le „c 4 (1 ,k 1 for the account ; Exchequer-bills at
L'oe rreolium:— Times.
i'irt,iPositions which has been evinced in
Y,'',,", it'tieles to embarrass the Ministry by secret
lop-
/
tle:,'lthric°,, he watched, as we learn from good
which
iol
wept at 'o,."eltartm nts of the Government are
'e'tti, I"..jiZerld of the town. It is not advisable at
forhskt it ] 'tularize the instances of this, but we be-
®o to ,-.' liiii 4,:n6t confined to attempts to overthrow. the.
'tot 'all .' ~,t that there has been a systematic opposl-
- l''quirY into the management of those depart-
the,„"tts ,41,1' t° preventfora time the exposure of seine
ko 4teCttes i •committed previous to
1, he is NO, and pecniations. c .
'Il k 4411, ' the present Ministers into office. . These
oLtt i \',t,eY sil44eetied on the notion, first, that Ministers
'l'lltf`'Pv ":,rider chance of remaining in office: and next,
po'4l thi°4rt tliA"111, there must be a breaking up and abandon -
kNiat * "le system by which they have prospered];
oli• pm 4' their ' terest consequently to throw a 1
l''''t'bkniiio:tikhnentit in the way. The wr.inder is
.with
tltYl,;ta si,l„,""e, how, with such opposition, Ministers
A " a, - t° get on with the public business so well as
414 to,e .1:1“.--• Times.
kt 4•4 lilting a the inhabitants of Paisley was
4td 'tli "lay • Church burying-ground,
k "44, from , lo the old Low
~,°l', j: that .7,000 to S,OOO persons attended, notwith-
"tt eo4l.)‘.it rained heavily all the time. A. H. SIMP-
j4,4 4t,k 1'401,, Called to the Chair. He said they were
',,,Pt 4-""tee%tti,4llPortant and singular occasion. Impor-
-4'
l' "y „-e Peace of the realm had been placed in
te, ,'liii, seine of the three estates of the Legislature;
oNkilliPir::edinsinuch as a measure, of paramount jos-
h, lii, 't(l 1 "y a patriotic KING, planned and re-
-so • 4 0,, ,
1, 'll, 4 4414 i nis Majesty's Government, apperootrei.l
Ti,"' 110 hr,ii l'Pant majority of the House.of
k'y ~,,° lelib''' With enthusiasm by a unanimous people,
t'tYtotte Ooh eratelY rejected by the House of . Peers.
1,4;"y p:Xes,ise
it:aet for the purpose. of. praying his Ma-
p, tile ,t'B , I, Royal prerogative in the creation of. as
- °kis rd Nl,: ‘`.;°oltl accomplish the wishes of the nation
1:, fp.l);l:cip`'' KENNEDY,
Reform Bill. The resolutions were
litc•io,)° -ieir4 - ziENNEDY, who considered that no. mea-
liNa .r, 44/ I„'"ea than the one proposed would satisfy the
b-4 t; the jl' GILL GILL seconded the resolutions. An ad-
"Pel''ll, `'ING tocreate Peers was moved by Mr.
k•utlir' the da and
'etond d b Mr AITKEN. The latter
1.44414,4" hit.,,). \';a4t not efar dyistant.when the proud Bishops
theiSle.tvsll°W-iti''''`l.---(C,lieers.) It was shameful to see
; , erw•
:pelt" "th g 'II wealth, pursuing such unchristian
I,‘ll4lgots '", and depriving their fellow-men of
bi,i for 4-(Loud cheers.) When they were
tipeeo] 'tat tit'ie extension of their Spiritual Kingdom
I ' tllse4tin" tli" tht7 meant; these were the great bone
;'5141.,/' teem at set the Bishops against the people, and
't
''''el,g/tiu/stirem"ved, the countries of both England and
get ,ittrlght for know peace. He therefore thought.
'4,1,4 theta.'r Irishmen to continue agitation till they
ki,"`l hic'airte An address to his MAJESTY'S Ministers
l ''' 44 t°, requesting them to retain their plces;
li• the k. address to th House of Commons tossup-14Siii4144f, an.d lqinisetry. In proposing the latter,
1'4.11,15',"a 1,„,,;,"ol, the Bill on which all their ex-
-1,4 lira; ; h,„ L. founded had been thrown out by the
I,etiola ell a if they had been as eager for a seat
ii!li ht‘v,oula 'l, theY were for power on earth, the
!,. it ,t tio],,,,esve ben saved its present trouble. The
,1"R1t",4 uot- Lwas about to be granted to the country ;
''l,4'lta th'i:Y, eilwei:',l,. not wish to survive its rejection a
t, wuu eooti_iri i rather be subjected. to death in any
Teiearttittlil rather longer in such misery. He, fori his
01,,,, ,vh,,, 1.. be amongst such men as the three
,g,doiral,yl2,,
tl their bones at the pass of the ancient
ON tg out . a.n amongst those who would survive
t,,ic. 0 the
rt miserable existence. Thanks having been
} A" trp......\-dli irrnan and the Committee, the meeting
srt Ks_ `49°w Evening Post.
N 1,511,
4,‘:•(:Utiott is now pending in Spain be-
Ike °I th 411 of Estramaduri, which is worthy the an-
(}t44llt t! 15th e t
This 'ee ''Y Cie— thury. A woman, pretending to be
, Of h,r
_".taT, has become at once the object of the
l'4)l,,,sgsla.h4ppy neighbours and of the pursuits of justice.
ttieed, '4ltttuatedn'ti‘:c has seduced thirteen other women
1,
ti_,tod haw. . an herself, who consider her to be in-
glcitiou.
_-_at!ecarrie her apostles. It is hoped that
. au ir may not end in an auto da fe.
1

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HO USE OF COMMONS, OCTOBER IS.
The SrEaxma took his seat a few minutes before Four
o'clock.
Mr. Johnson, of the office of Chief Secretary for
Ireland, brought up a copy of depositions taken at
Newtownbarry.
The Bill for bettering the condition of the labouring
poor was read a second time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SADLER presented a petition from Galway, re-
lating to the Galway franchise. Also a petition from
Joseph Allay, in prison for offences against the law of
libel, praying an alteration of that law. Also a petition
from persons employed in spinning mills at Dundee, com-
plaining of the .hardships which children employed in
those factories e:qerienced. He wished the Bill of
the Honourable Baronet, the Member for Westminwer,
had extended to cotton factories, and he gave notice that
he would take up the subject next session. The Hon.
Member also presented a petition from a parish in Berk-
shire, praying for the abolition of negro slavery, and one
from Galway respecting the duty on bari;la. The Hon.
Member then gave a formal intimation that he would
next session introduce a Bill for regulating the hours of
labour for children in cotton factories, and another Bill for
the relief of the poor in Ireland.
Mr. HOI)GSON presented a petition from the ship
owners, &c. of Barnstaple, for the repeal of the marine
insurance duty.
Mr. lII[3IE strongly condemned the duty on insurances
as most impolitic, and was surprised that his Majesty's
Government had not turned their attention to the subject.
The Hon. Member also adverted to the necessity of re-
ducing the Pension List, and said he hoped to see the time
when the public purse would be shut against all pensions.
—(Hear, from Mr. Hunt.)
CORN LAWS.
Colonel TORRENS presented a petition from the in-
habitants of London and Westminster praying for a re-
vision of the existing system of corn laws. The peti-
tion was of great importance to the country—more
particularly at the present peculiar crisis at which the
country had arrived. Endeavours had been made, and in
some paces but too successfully, to place the agricultural
in opposition to the manufacturing interest. He
was sorry to perceive that a Noble Lord, in a re-
cent speech to the freeholders of Dorsetshire, had
said, if the Reform Bill were to pass the agricultural
interest would suffer very materially, and the farmers would
be ruined. Now, a statement more mischievous, or one
more injurious to the country, could not have been put
forth. The two interests were so linked together, so dove-
tailed with each other, that they must stand or fall to-
gether, arid to set them in opposition to each other was most
mischievous.—(Hear.) Had that Noble Lord taken a
leaf out of the hook of Mr. Henry Drummond, called
Cheap Corn good for Farmers, he would not have made
such an injurious statement. The petitioners entertained
the same views as Mr. Henry Drummond regarding
the effect of the corn laws, and stated, that notwith-
standing the high price of corn, they received a less reward
for their toil than the labourers in any other country, and
they attributed that result to the operation of the corn
laws. The Hon. and Gallant Member then read various
portions of the petition, and entreated the earnest atten-
tion of the House to the contents of it, as containing, in a
condensed form, the entire theory of the corn law system,
and as developing the effect produced from it, which was
so injurious to the country.
The pttition, of which the following is a copy, was
then read and laid on the table :
TO THE HONOURABLE THE COMMONS OF THE
UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND
IRELAND, IN PARLIAMENT ASSEMBLED.
THE PETITION OF THE UNDERSIGNED INHA-
BITANTS OF LONDON AND WESTMINSTER,
Sit ENV ETII,
That the present alarming stagnation of trade, and the low
rates of wages and of profits, as well in agriculture as in manu-
factures, have induced your petitioners respectfully to approach
your Honourable House, in order to point out what appear to
your petitioners to be some of the principal causes of these cala-
mities, and to pray your Honourable House for the removal of
them.
'Eliot your Honourable House cannot but be acquainted with
the fact that labour in England is applied with more energy, with
more skill, and for a greater number of hours out of the four-
and-twenty, than in any other country of Europe.
That it seems reasonable that the labourer's command over ne-
cessaries of life should in some measure depend on the efficacy of
his exertions; and that the high intrinsic value of British labour
should secure for it a high exchangeable value in the market.
That the industrious workman, who might form such an ex-
pectation, would experience the most bitter disappointment. The
due and natural proportion between the intrinsic worth and
the market price of labour has been so deranged, that
though the British labourer executes, in any given number
of days a greater quantity of work than the labourer of
any other country, yet he receives as his daily wages a less pro-
portion of the products of his industry than the labourer in any
other country ; and while the manufacturers of this island are
callable of supplying half the world, they have frequently been
unable to obtain for themselves, in return for their skilled, their
energetic, and their persevering exertions, a sufficient quantity
of the products of their labour to support existence; and have
been preserved by parochial relief, or by the hand of private cha-
rity, from perishing from the face of the earth.
That your petitioners arc convinced that the existing Corn
• Laws form one main and leading cause of the calamitous con.
dition in which the working classes of this country have been
placed.
That these laws render it necessary to resort to inferior soils,
and to adopt expensive modes of culture, in order to raise the
necessary supplies of food, and of other agricultural products.
That resorting to such soils, and adopting such modes of til-
lage, cause a greater quantity of labour to be employed in raising
the same quantity of the necessaries of life ; and it follows as
an inevitable consequence, that as more labour is required to
produce necessaries, more labour will be required to purchase
them.
That thus, as your petitioners conceive, it amounts to a clear
and complete demonstration that a system of Corn Laws re-
stricting the importation of foreign agricultural produce, and
thereby requiring the resorting to inferior lands, and the adopt-
ing of high and expensive modes of culture, must have the et&ct
of raising the valise of the necessaries of life, in relation to any
given quantity of labour, or what comes to the same thing, of
lowering the value of any given quantity of labour as compared
wills those necessaries.
That your petitioners submit to your Honourable House, that
the people have an undoubted right to purchase their fowl
wherever it can be obtained at the cheapest rate; anti, that arti-
ficial regulations, lowering the value of labour in relation to the
necessaries of life, are an infringement upon this right ; which
infringement can be justified or excused only upon the supposi-
tion that the evil which it inflicts upon the labouring classes is
overbalanced by some great and general good, thereby secured to
them and to the community at large.
That your petitioners are prepared to show by reasoning self-
evident in all its steps, that the severe privations inflicted upon
the labouring classes by the present restrictions on the importa-
tion of foreign agricultural produce are not compensated by any
preponderating advantage conferred either upon them or upon
any other classes ; that the existing Corn Laws are universally
injurious, that the master, manufacturer, the merchant, the far-
mer, and ultimately the lauded proprietor, are all more or less
partakers in the retardation of prosperity, the diminution of
wealth, and the approach to decline which they occasion, and that,
by their operation all the sources of income are rendered less
productive, the same cause which gives to the labourer a di-
minished command over the necessaries of life, lowering the
profit upon capital, not only in manufactures and commerce, but
also in agriculture.
That in carrying on manufacturing industry, a certain quantity
of agricultural produce must be consumed in the form of food
and material, and also a certain quantity of manufactured
goods in the form of clothing, tools, and machinery ; that it
is manifest, therefore, that manufacturing profits must fall
as the value of agricultural produce rises; that, if the
relative value of agricultural produce and of manufactured
goods be such that the master manufacturer with one-
third of his fabrics can purchase his raw material, and the food
of his labourers, while he uses another third for their clothing,
tools, and machinery, it is evident that the remaining third will
be a clear surplus' constituting a profit of fifty per cent. upon
the capital expended. But that it the value of agricultural pro-
duce rise, until it require.; two-thirds of the master manufac.
turer's fabrics to replace the food and material expended, the
remaining third being as before required for clothing and ma-
chinery, no surplus can exist, and the master's profit will be re-
duced from fifty per cent. to nothing.
That the ruin thus inflicted upon the manufacturer speedily
overtakes the flamer. That if before the rise in the value of
agricultural produce the flamer used one-third of his crops for
seed, and for the food of his labourers, and wills another third
purchased their clothing and implements, the remaining third
would be a clear surplus ; and he, as well as the master
manufacturer, would obtain a profit of fifty per cent. upon
the capital expended. That if the value of the farmer's
produce is doubled, because it is necessary for him to go to an
inferior soil, upon which any given quantity of produce must be
raised with a double expenditure, sen, instead of one-third he
must use two-thirds of his crops for seed and food, and the re-
maining third, though doubled in value, will do no more than
purchase for him the double quantity of clothing and implements,
That thus the eitantity of produce obtained will only replace the
quantity expcoded, and the cultivator of the last quality of soil
resorted to will be placed on the same footing with the master-
manufacturer, and will have his profits reduced from fifty per
cent. to nothing.
That the fall of profit soon reaches the farmers who occupy
the superior lands upon which the same expenditure continues
to raise the same quantity of produce as before. That it is not in
the nature of things that while master-manufacturers and culti.
vators of the last quality of land resorted to made no profit at all,
the occupiers of good land should for any considerable time be
permitted to realise high returns. That on the expiration of
existing leases all those who were in possession of disposable
capital would bid against the holders of fertile land, until all that
portion of the produce which remained after the replacing of
expenditure was offered to the proprietor in the form of rent.
That after having enjoyed a short-lived advantage from the rise
in the value of agricultural produce, the ancient tenantry of the
country would be either ejected from their farms, or reduced to a
condition in which they could obtain only a bare subsistence.
That the proprietors of the soil cannot continue to prosper
while all the other classes of the community declined. For some
time rents may remain at their present amount, but at no dis-
tant period the destruction of profit will cause capital to emi-
grate, the seats of manufacture, anti the marts of commerce,
will be removed to other countries, and the home demand for
food and material will subside, and thus England impoverished
and depopulated, will, as in former times, export agricultural
produce to the foreign market, and that the proprietors of the
soil will discover, when too late, that it is only in the immediate
vicinity of a dense and opulent manufacturing population, that
the value of land can acquire and retain an extraordinary ele-
vation.
That thus it appears by clear and unanswerable proofs that the
existing restrictions upon the importation of foreign agricul-
tural produce, are injurious, to every class of the community,
, that they lower the real wages of labour, reduce the profits of
' capital, and ultimately bring down rents from that high level
which they reach in a country, the circumstances of which lead,
as in England, to the importation of corn to the low level at
which they settle in a country, the circumstances of which lead,
as in Poland, to the exportation of corn.
That as your petitioners know from dearly-bought experience
the calamities which follow from sudden changes in the direction
of industry, they are far from desiring such an immediate and
precipitate opening of the ports as might bring on a renewal of
agricultural distress, and as their appeal to your Honour-
able House is founded on the principles of impartial

tice, and of free and equal conTdition, they do not object to
securing to British agriculture such temporary protection as
may be necessary to place it on ati equal- footing with other
branches of the national industry, by compensating the farmer
for whatever excess of taxation may actually be imposed on him.
That from all these considerations, the undersigned petitioners
most earnestly pray your Honourable House to enter upon re-
vision of the Corn Laws, with a view to the gradual removal of
every species of restriction upon the importation of food and raw
material, and with the ultimate object of securing to British
agriculture the only permanent protection which in equity it
cab claim, the abolition or equalization of all those taxes, assess-
ments, or charges, Which may be found to press With exclusive
or with disproportioned weight upon the soil.
DISFRANCHISEMENT OF THE BISHOPS:
Mr. HUNT presented a petition from an individual
name .John James Duffy, attributingthe loss of the Reform
Bill to the Bishops, and praying for the disfranchisement
of those Rev. Gentlemen of all political power.
Mr. CAMPBELL deeply deplored that such a petition
*hould hive been presented. He was sure such petitions
must have a direct and powerful effect in defeating the very
objects which it was to be supposed they had in
view. Nothing could ultimately defeat the Reform
Bill unless it were indiscreet efforts of this kind.
Ile regretted the loss of the Reform Bill as much as any
man could possibly regret it ; but in whatevar way the
Bishops voted, the House and the public must know that
they had the right to exercise their constitutional power
in whatever way they pleased, just as any other Members
of the Legisl iture. While he was on his legs, the Hon.
and Learned Member thought it right to express an opi-
nion, that the efforts now making in this metropolis,
for the purpose of dictating to the Ministers, were at
least indiscreet. For bodies to assemble, and come to re-
solutions praying Ministers to adjourn Parliament only
for seven days, to bring in the Reform Bill again toti
dent verbis, and to create a large batch of Peers for the
purpose of carrying that Bill through the Upper House,
could only have the most injurious effect. The country
ought to have confidence in the Ministers there could
he no doubt of the sincerity of Lord Grey ; his cha-
racter, which was to descend to his posterity, depended
on his conduct with respect to this Reform measure; and
some patience ought to he exercised, and faith reposed in
the efforts of that Noble Lord.

Mr. ROBINSON entertained great doubt whether such
a petition as this should be entertained at all. The Hon.
Member who presented it ought to be called upon to state
to the House how it had come into his hands, as there was

nothing about it to point out its genuineness. Besides.
the petition stated a falsehood on the face of it. It
alleged that the Reform Bill was lost by the vote of the
Bishops, which was undoubtedly untrue ; because,
if the number of the Bishops who voted was take❑
out of the list of the majority, the deduction
would have had no effect on the fate of the Bill.—
(Hear.) This petition altogether was just like othei-
absurd petitions which the Hen. Member for Preston was
in the habit of nightly presenting to the House, as it would

appear for the mere purpose of abusing its patience.
Mr. HUME was surprised to hear the observations of the
Hon. Member who had just sat down. If the petition con-
tained the sincere conviction of the individual who presented

it, he had just as good a right to have that petition laid be-
fore the House as any subject, or body of subjects, in his
Majesty's dominions had to have their petitions beard.
With regard to what the Hon. and Learned Member (Mr.
Campbell) had stated, he was sorry to hear his observa-
tions respecting the proceedings of the citizens of
London, because their conduct had of late been
most exemplary. As regarded the disfranchising of the
Bishops, though no one could deny they had at present
the power to vote on political subjects, yet he (Mr.
Hume) would venture to assert that the whole country cried
aloud for the removal of that power from the Bishops—
(flear)--and the time was fast approaching when all changes
that were fit and proper to be made for the benefit of the
public would undoubtedly take place.—(Much cheering.)
Twenty-two Bishops voted against the Bill—if they hail
not voted against the Bill, but in favour of it, then
that would have made a difference in the state
of the numbers of forty-four, which would have carried
the Bill, consequently the loss of it was to be at-
tributed to the vote of the Bishops; and as Ministers
of peace and good-will, at all events, it became
them, if they did not think proper to vote in favour of
the Bill, not to have voted against the wishes of the people,
his Majesty's Ministers, and the Monarch himself. Again
with respect to the metropolis dictating to his Majesty's
Government, if the citizens of London were now to cross

their arms and be silent, they would be playing into the
hands of the Anti-Reformers. They bad a right to
take every constitutional means of expressing their
feelings on this all important subject ; and if they
considered that postponing for any length of time the in-
troduction of the subject into Parliament again would in
any way endanger the measure, they only acted properly
in expressing their dissent from such a course being
adopted. Any censure upon them could not but be unme-
rited in the highest degree.
Mr. RUTHVEN thought that the people ought not to
attempt to drive Ministers to add to the agitation which
now prevailed, by the adoption of any hasty step, but that
they ought to rely with confidence on their wisdom and
sincerity.
Mr. CAMPBELL in explanation, said he did not
mean to throw imputations on any individual. All he
meant was to deprecate the meeting of bodies, the selection
of what were called delegates, the passing of most
intemperate resolutions, and the proceeding at midnight
to the Prime Minister's house, calling upon him not to
prorogue Parliament for any length of time.
Mr. FRESHFIELD felt it to he his duty to object to
the habit which sonic Hon. Members lead got into, of
daily and nightly attacking the Learned Bench of Bishops.
He considered the habit discreditable to the House, and one
that ought not to be persisted in. The Bishops, by the Con-
stitution of the country, had a right to give their voice
on all the measures that came before the Upper House,
and no individual had a right to object to them exercising
their discretion.
Colonel EVANS considered the resolutions that Mr.
Campbell had referred to resolutions of the most honest and
inoffensive description ; and with respect to the Bishops
holding political power, he had no hesitation in de-
claring his opinion to be that, though they were
at this moment constitutionally acting in the other House,
both the spiritual and worldly welfare of his Majesty's
subjects, and his Majesty's dominions, would be much
better consulted by having the Bishops out of Parliament
altogether.—(Cheers.)
The petition was then ordered to be laid on the table.
The petition being read at length,
Mr. ROBINSON thought the petition was a very im-
proper and absurd one, and ought not to be received. He
hoped the Hon. Member who had been chosen as the fittest
person to present the petition would, if any person did,
bring forward a clause to disfranchise the Bishops. This
petition had nothing whatever to do with public opinion.
Lord ALTHORP thought that a petition from a single
individual, praying that the House would disfranchise
a part of another branch of the Legislature should not be
received.—(Hear.) No one could regret more than lee
did, the vote to which- the House of Lords had come, but
he thought the petition should not be received.
After P. few words from Mr. HOWARD,
Tbs. SPEAKER said, the petition involved a question
of privilege belonging to the other House ; besides which, it
was a comment upon votes in Parliament; the House would
not permit the introduction of petitions in which were in-
formation and comment upon it, which information could
only be obtained by a breach of privilege ; and if that
were not allowed, it would not be proper to allow such
comments upon the proceedings of the other House of
Parliament.—(Hear.)
Sir CHARLES WETHERELL said be could not
conceive what had induced this individual to present
this petition, unless it was caused by the mischievous Press.
Mr. HUME read the petition to which the Speaker re-
ferred, " such result was caused by the votes of the Bench
of Bishops," and he contended that that mere fact would
not take it out of the general rule.
After some further observations Mr. HUNT withdrew
his petition.
Colonel SIBTHORPE moved for a return of the num-
bar of persons convicted of sheep-stealing and horse-steal-
ing from 1826 to the present time, together with the sen-
tences, and the way in which they were carried into effett.
Also for a return of the number of steam-vessels which
have been, and are, employed, and those now building by
order of Government, since it first took steam-vessels
into its employ, distinguishing hots they were employed,
and of what horse power.
Lord ALTHORP asked the Hon. and Gallant Colonel
if tie First Lord of the Admiralty had acceded to the latter
returns ?

Colonel SIBTHORPE had submitted the motion to the
First Lord of the Admit-ally, whn bad no objection to it.
Mr. HUAIE presented a petition and address from
Paisley, praying the House to ensure the early passing of
the Reform Bill. The Hon. Member next presented one from
merchants of London, who were sufferers by the misconduct
of the Brazilian Government in the capture of English mer-
chant vessels. The petition stand, that in 1829, the Bri-
tish Ambassador obtained an arrangement for the settlement
of the claims of the British merchants. But those claims
had never been finally settled. The Hon. Member re-
gretted to state that the American and French Govern-
ments had enforced compensation for the losses which their
merchants had sustained, and the only country which had
not bad justice was England, «hose merchants had now a
claim of half a million on the Brazilian Government.
The Hon. ME2,133E1i next presented a petition from New-

castle-on-Tyne, against the gtartt to the Kildare-street So-
ciety, and for the continuance of tbegrant to the IritliClergy.
Also a petition from the Clerkenwell Parochial tleform
Union against al takes on knowledge ; from the palish o!'
Knockbreda, in the county of Down, complaining of the
tithe laws; and three petitions against the law imposing
punishment on persons for expressing religions opinions;
all of which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNT withdrew his motion for leave to bring in
a Bill to allow the importation of foreign wheat and flour
duty free, which was fixed for this day, and gave notice
that he would introduce it neat sansion,
EARL HOWE.
Mr. TREVOR stated that a few evenings aga! ha
had put a question to the Noble Paymaster of the
Forces relative to the disrnisSal of a Noble Earl from the
Chamberlainship to the Queen, and the angiver was that that
Noble Earl had tendered his resignation, which was ac-
cepted. Subsequently, however, he had received a letter
from the Noble Eirl, with whom be had had no previous
acquaintance, stating that if the answer attributed by the
Papers was such as the Noble Paymaster had given, it was
at variance with the facts—(Hear from the Opposition)—
and the Noble Earl bad put him in possession of the facts
as they occurred, leaving him at liberty to tnake what use
he thought proper of them.—(Cries of, " Read, read.")
The Hon. Member then read the letter, which stated, that
if the answer of Lord John Russell in the papers were
correctly stated, it was at variance with the facts ; or
the information the Noble Lor.l had received was net cor-

...
rect. The facts were these : —ln May, for the second time,
be had submitted to his Majesty that it was his intention to
vote against the Reform Bill, and that he was consequently
willing to resign. His Majesty requested him to retain his
place, stating that he was independent of politics, being
in her Majesty's household. He was therefore allowed to
vote, and nothing but the positive request of Lord Grey,
after he had voted, was the cause of his dismissal.—(Hear.)

The lion. Member now asked the Noble Lord opposite,
whether it were true that the Noble Earl was dismissed
for his vote, notwithstanding the previous Bear under-

standing?
Lord ALTHORP—The Hon. Gentleman had asked
on what ground it was that the Noble Earl had retired
from the Queen's Chamberlainship. He considered it clear
that it was the prerogative of the Crown, eitLer
to retain or remove any person from the Royal
Household ; and also that it was contrary to his duty, as
a Minister of the Crown, to give any reasons for any thing
his Majesty might think proper to do in the exercise of
that prerogative.—(Cheers.)
The NOBLE Loan then moved the order of the day for
the third reading of the Bankruptcy Courts Bill.
CHOLERA.

Sir R. VYVYAN wished to ask for information on a
very important subject. He underst( od from the newspapers
that the cholera had been imported so near as Hamburg,
and was within thirty-six hours' sail of this country. He
wished to ask whether Government had received any
official information on this subject, and whether, in
consequence of its being on the shores of the Ger•
man Ocean, any farther measures had been taken
to adopt a more rigorous quarantine. There seemed
to be a great mistake about the nature of this disease, and
tie effect of a sea voyage on it, for it was known that
when it was conveyed from Calcutta to Mauritius and the
Isle of France, it was felt in those islands with the greatest
severity. He should hope, if it came to this country, and
he feared there was too much reason to suppose it would,
that such measures would be adopted as would be necessary
to prevent its spreading.
Mr. P. THOMSON said Government bad last week
received information of the cholera being at Hamburg.
But as the Hamburg steam-boat had net yet arrived,
no official information had been received since.
From various letters, however, received in London, it
appeared that the disease had increased from eleven persons
to twenty-one. The necessary directions had been issued to
enforce a more strict quarantine on all vessels coming from
Hamburg, and also as a precautionary measure on all ves-
sels coining from ports from the North coast of Denmark,
down to the coast of Rotterdam. These orders
had been promulgated by the Customs. He felt
it necessary to call attention to these circumstances, and to
state that instructions would appear in the Gazette of
this evening or Friday, for all Magistrates and clergy to
promote sufficient precautionary measures. He agreed
with the Hon. Baronet, that from all accounts of this
disease, it was ridiculous to suppose that it was affected by
a sea-ossage. Government had hitherto been enabled to
keep the disease away by precautionary measures ; at
the same time, it was true that it was seen now to
approach these shores. In the event of its arrival,
it would depend in a great measure on persons in this
country to check it.
Mr. WARBURTON was ready to give his hearty sup •
port to Ministers in the adoption of any measures that
might be thought expedient. Government was bound to
do all that human wisdom could suggest, and among
other things a cordon ought to be drawn round all infected
places.
Mr. HUME asked whether any medical persons were
resident in Hamburg who could watch and report to Mi-
nisters upon the progress of the disorder ? There were
plenty of people that might he sent.
Mr. P. THOMSON added, that directly the cholera
morbus mFde its appearance in Russia, medical men bad
been dispatched to inquire into the extent and nature of
the disease. They were now, he believed, at Hamburg, on
their return to this country, and would, of course, forwat d
to Ministers any information they might procure. This
circumstance was extremely fortunate ; but although no
news had been obtained of their actual arrival in Hamburg
there was every reason to suppose that they were there,
from the date at which it was known that they had quitter
St. Petersburali.
Mr. TREVOR:mentioned that be had received a com-
munication from Northumberland, stating that great alarm
prevailed there.
Sir 11. VYVYAN suggested, that as it was now near
the date when the Hamburg steam-boat usually ceased
to run, it might be as well to stop that mode of commit-

nication.
Mr. P. THOMSON apprehended that the enforce-
ment of the quarantine would effectually accomplish that
object.
Sir R. VYVYAN observed that some of the rags im-
ported had only undergone a quarantine of twenty-one
days, which was not sufficient.
Mr. P. THOMSON informed the Hon. Baronet that
the importation of rags was now prohibited.
Mr. HUNT enforced the fitness of taking off the duty
on soap, and thereby promoting cleanliness—the greatest
preservative against disease.
ADJOURNMENT. OF THE HOUSE.

Lord ALTHORP,referring to the notice he had given
yesterday, said that in consequence of the amendments
made by the House of Lords in the Vestry Bill, it would
he necessary that the House of Commons should meet to—
morrow.

BANKRUPTCY COURT BILL.
Lord ALTI10111) moved the third reading of the Bank-
ruptcy Court Bill.
Mr. WARBURTON asked whether it was necessary,
under this Bill, that the three Commissioners of the Sub-
division Court should be unanimous?
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied, that all law-
yers agreed that a majority of any Court was competent to
decide a question before it.
After a few words from Mr. C. PELHAM and Mr. WAR-
BURTON,

Mr. HUME asked whether the Noble Lord had pre-
pared clauses to regulate the superannuation allowances to
Commissioners of Bankrupts, and to Judges and Regis-
trars, under this Bill ?

Lord ALTHORY answered, that the claim of each
Commissioner to a superannuation allowance would be
separately brought before the Treasury ; and that on con-
sulting with his Noble Friend, the Lord Chancellor, he
had found that that Nuble Person fully accorded in the
view taken by the Hon. Member, that the Judges and Re.
gistrats ought not to receive ratiring pensions, but should
provide for their families either out of their savings or by
the insurance of their lives. The general Act relating to
compensations (lid not apply to judicial offices.
Mr. WRANGHAM then proceeded to oppose the third
reading of the Bill, adverting to its general demerits, and
to the inconvenience of the changes it would introduce.
Mr. tRESEIFIELD thought, that if the Bill were re-
' lieved from the inconvenience with which it was clogged
by the appointment of the official assignees, it would be
an improvement upon the present system. But he should
vote agamst it on account of that provision.
Sir C. WE I HERELL said, that since he first came
into Westminster Hall, he had never seen a Bill profess-
ing to amend the laws which wa so fraught as this Bill
with mischief and danger. He hoped that the Bankrupt
Courts' Bill would be the last emendation of the law which
he should see from the same quarter. He would take
leave of the Bill by entering his protest against it, and by
a prophecy that it would not endure.
The Bill was then read a third time and passed.
PROROGATION.
Colonel EVANS gave notice that lie would, to-mor-
tow, Wednesday, move a resolution to the effect, that it is
inexpedient to defer the re-introduction of the Reform Bill
for any longer period than a month.
PRINTING NEWS ON COTTON.
11Ir. HUME presented a petition from Owen Davits,
complaining that he had suffered a long and illegal irnpri-

sonment for printing news upon cottcsn. Mr. Hume sup-
ported the prayer of the petition.
The other Orders of the illy were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at a Quarter-past seven.

HOUSE OF LORDS, OCTOBRR 10.
Lord FARNHAM presented petitions from the cur.
poretions of saddlers and coach-mthem of the city of
Dublin, against the Reform Bill ; one from the corpora-
tion of barbers and sta!gehits to the same effect ; and one from
the coal-meters of the same city praying for compensation ;
also one from the weavers, prayins for the institution

of a Board of Trade.
Lord DOVER presented a petition from Shipford, in
Bedfordshire, in Hvoir of the Reform Bill.
Earl CAWDOR preedifed petiticns from Nairne and
Renfrew in favour of the Refortn till?.
The LORD CHANCELLOR preaenited.,tifirs rtitfons
in favour df the Reform Bill from Ayr, KnattSbc•rot4ght
and other places. Tht Noble and Learned Lord fool:
that opportunity of expreSSiiig his regret that a Bill
which passed their Lordships' House listi been thrown out
in another place, be meant the Bill for tire adual abo-
lition of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and for
making compensatiot: to the Judges ; it hid been delayed
from time to time, and iitatv Was thrown so far back
as to put a complete atop to it. It had been said
that an inquiry by a Committee was called toe, since with-
out such inqiiit7 the House could not know fhtlt the
Court was a sinecure. But what was passing in Courfs
of Justice was matter of comrrion notoriety. What passed
in the Court of King's Bench, Comint.n Pleas, Exche-
quer, or Chancery, or any other Court of itsatice here, was
matter of common notoriety, inasmuch as they Were open
to all his Majesty's suhjettss and to which the public had
a right of access, and upon the groond of that notoriety he
had always understood that Parliarrietn had a right to
legislate. To say this or that other House had no right
to legisla'e upon the open, broad, and notorious fact, vrith-
out a previous inquiry of this kind, was the most extraor-
dinary proposition that he had ever heard of. If, how-
ever, they thought fit to go into die inquiry, there need
have been no delay, for the inquiry might bate been fully
made in five minutes. The Lord Chief Baron of the
Scotch Court of Exchequer was in town, and if they had
called on him to attend there, he would at once have told
them, that the Court in question only tried, on an aver-
age, two defended causes in the course of a year. He
would not have troubled their Lordships on thin sob-
ject, however, had it not been for the imputations
that had been thrown out against the Lord Chief Ba-
ron, as if ke had been the cause of this Bill being intro-
duced, in order to procure a sinecure for himself ; whereas,
in point of fact, the only effect of this Bill, as far as it re-
garded 'rim, was to reduce his salary one-half! His Hon. and
valued Friend, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Ex-
chequer in Scotland, bad nothing to do with the Bill.—
He (the Lord Chancellor) bad not hail the slightest com-
munication with the Lord Chief Baron about it. He had

had no reason to believe that his Hon. Friend was any
otherwise than adverse to the Bill, since it reduced the
income of his sinecure from 4,0001. a year to 2,000/.—
The whole was a sinecure, except as to the trial of the two
causes, and he had had no reason to believe that his Hon
Friend would not have been very willing to try two causes
in a year for 2,000/., being at the rate of 1,000/. per
cause. He declared most solemnly that he himself had
matured the Bill, without any communication with the
Lord Chief Baron. To be sure his Hon. and Worthy
Friend cheerfully consented to the arrangement made by
the Bill, but that was an abandonment by him of 2,000/.
01 his income ; and vet ignorant and factious men im•
puted to him that this Bill was a job of his prepared by
him for his own benefit. It was of great importance to
the public to get rid of the expense of this Court, and it
was of much more importance in another view than that
of the mere money saved ; for it was of the highest im-
portance that the public should not be put to expense fur
tie support of Courts where the situations of the Judges
were sinecures,—since an expense of that kind was dero-
gatory to the judicial character, and Judges ought always
to be not only without blame, but above suspicion.—
This last consideration was of more consequence than
the mere saving, and he hoped that the Bill would
be passed at the earliest period in the next Session.—
Having thus cleared his Honourable Friend the Lord
Chief Baron from the unfounded accusations against
him, he might be permitted to say a few word,
about some additional unfounded imputations against
himself. It had been arid that be had. called upon
Masters in Chancery to retire, in order to have an oppor-
tunity of appointing others in their stead, who were con-
siderably advanced in age. But he had never called upon
Masters in Chancery- to retire—he had no power to call
upon them to retire, or at least he had no power to call on
them to obey. But one did retire, and presented to him it
certificate that be had served the office for twenty-six
years, considerably more than the time required to entitle
him to his retiring pension ; and that he (the Lord Chan-
cellor) was bound to admit, unless he could show, which
he could not, that the retiring Master was perfectly able
to discharge his duties. But then it had been said that
he had appo need Masters of sixty-five and seventy years of
age. Well, what then ? If they had been persons in high
practice, and of acknowledged experience and talents, and
were still in the full possession of their powers, why not
appoint them ? But at the same time he had taken care that
they should not have their retiring pensions unless they'
served the office for the full period required by the regula-
tions of the office, and a minute of this had been entered in
the Court of Chancery, so that his successor might be offi-
cially apprised, that unless the Masters when they retired
bad served the office for twenty years, they were entitled to no
pension. And this was what was called jobbing ! Oh, but
then it was said that one of the appointed Masters, his old
and valued friend, Mr. Henry Martin, had been retired from
practice for fifteen years. The fact was, that it was fifteens
months. He had been in practice in the Court of Ex-
chequer, and at the head of that bar, till within this year
cad a quarter ; he had seen him there; and he defied any
one to find a better Master : he was the very best that
could have been found in the Court of Chancery for these
last twenty years. With another Master in Chancery—
the first whom he had appointed, lw had never been in
the same room till he had appointed him ; and a gentle-
man more adverse to his party and to his political views,
both as to Church and State, he could not have appointed.
That gentleman was a friend of Lord Eldon's, and lie
thought that Lord Eldon ought to have appointed him to
be a Master in Chancery, and Lord Eldora not having
done it, he (Lord Brougham) had determined to do so.
But the imputation upon him as to the appointment of
this gentleman was not a bit more perverse and unfounded
than the imputation with respect to Mr. Henry Martin,
who was the fittest person that could be found. He hoped
he did not improperly trespass on the time of their Lord-
ships when he took the opportunity to repel these most mi.
founded imputations—which he did with perfect good
humour—although it might at first be difficult to con-
ceive the ignorance and perversion of understanding
from which they had originated. But certain per-
sons had successors, and these persons did not
much like their successors, and were not very
scrupulous about matters of fact when they endeavoured to
vituperate and disparage these successors, and to destroy
the Government with whom they were connected ; and
the hostility was the more embittered when they saw no
reasonable prospect of succeeding their successors. Their
position was, indeed, cheerless and dark, and dismal, with
scarcely the feeblest ray of light to comfort them, or alle-
viate the despair to which they were doomed. Bnt we,
continued his Lordship, cared less for this dirk position,
for we were intent upon plans of Reform in the law, upon
plans of Reform in Parliament, and upon projects for the
advantage of our own country and the general benefit of
mankind ; and the contemplation of these subjects en-
lightened and cheered us in the long gloom in which we
were immured. But when they were immersed in that
dismal gloom, they bad nothing like this to cheer them,
nothing to dispel the dark horrors of their position, ex-
cept a dim, twinkling, glimmering, light, to show them the
way back to their old places. Under these sad and dismal
circumstances, it was natural that they should resort to a
little railing to comfort and cheer them ; and hence we
may account for these gross misrepresentations of fact, to
some of which 1 have had occasion to call your Lordships'
attention. I have returns to prove what I have stated in
regard to the Court of Exchequer.
The Duke of BUCCLELTCH inquired whether the
Noble and Learned Lord had any objection to lay those
returns on the table?
The LORD CHANCELLOR (as we understood him'
had no objection.
