array, the veterans of the herd appearing to direct their
movements. The weaker party turned and fled. The
porcine phalanx came thundering after in a semicircular
curve, the horns or wings of the troop making an echelon
movement in an ever-narrowing circle, like a regiment of
cavalry bringing their right and left shoulders forward to
outflank and then enclose them. In the very crisis of their
fate, the fugitives gained a ruined shed, whereupon their
enemy made a halt, and collected together, as if to hold a
council of war. The besieged interrupted the debate by
discharging from the window four barrels loaded with small
shot, when the leaders, being wounded, they grunted the
signal for retreat, and the whole party scampered off into
the covert.

But our author and his friends in general were especially
unfortunate in their feuds with the brute creation ; on one
occasion, while wading in Llyn Egnant, a bull rushed down
to the water's edge, filling them with dismay, he being bull
the second that had thus challenged them to the combat,
and found them any thing but willing ; at another time, an
otter kills two of their dogs ; and one unlucky wight, in a
boar-hunt, coming to the ground, the uncivil brute turns
short round upon his pursuer and amuses himself with dig-
ging his tusks into the back of the prostrate enemy. But
what better could have been expected from a hog ? The
hyenas seem to be the only animals that inspire no
fear and are uniformly defeated without damage to
the victors. A single proof of this is given in the case of
a Shikkarie, who forces his way into a hyena's den, muzzles
the brute's jaw, fastens his fore and hind feet, and trium-
phantly drags him into daylight. What the creature was
about all this time is not said, though some might possibly
imagine that therein lay the very cream of the story.
Wonderful as this forbearance was on the part of the
hyena, it would be hard upon Mr. Julian that he should
find any thing less than implicit credit for these or any
other fancies of his teeming brain, seeing that he himself is
ready to believe any thing and every thing ; his accommo-
dating faith receives without doubt or hesitation the moni-
tor of Socrates and the dream of Carden, the ghost of
Brutus, and the metempsychosis of the Hindus, Shelley's
double, and the visions of Nicolai, which last by the bye is
more than the honest Berliner himself did ; he attributed

his spectre to a disordered stomach, and accordingly took
physic and was bled, the best specifics in the world against
phantoms.

Leaving these knotty questions to the learned in such
matters, we hasten to that which will be considered by
many as the most interesting portion of these volumes—
namely the anecdotes and portraiture of Byron. Here, at
least, we had expected to find something new, but alas ! to
depreciate the immortal poet is no novel matter in this
country. Would any one imagine the following was intended
for his portrait ? " His figure was any thing but good
It was short and devoid of symmetry. His voice was effe-
minate and without compass ; and then there was an affec-
tation in the way, in which he modulated it." " His face,
that was pallid and fleshy, betrayed no signs of a single hair,
being closely shaved up to his ears, giving his visage an
unmanly and unbecoming appearance, rendered still more
so by the downward fold in his collar, and the lowness of
his white cravat, that showed a considerable portion orhis
neyk, of whose bull thickness he was not a little vain."—
pp. 172, 181, vol. ii.
Here is a portrait of him as a lover and a father :
" News came of Allegra's death. Byron sent directions that her
corpse should be transmitted to Drury, and buried at Harrow,
where it now lies. It was a strange caprice to commit to English
ground one whose fortune was to have been forfeited in case she
married a person of that nation. He told me it was his intention
to have divided his property equally between Ada and her, had she
lived ; though only a few weeks before, he, by a codicil to his will,
bequeathed her, with the condition I mentioned, five thousand
pounds,i3 leaving the bulk of his estates to his sister, and disinheriting
" Ai Florence I met several times the mother of this child, then

living en pension. She was a brunette, with very dark hair, and
eyes that flashed with the fire of intelligence, and might have been
taken for an Italian. Her history was a profound secret. As she
possessed considerable talent—spoke French and Italian, particu-
larly the latter, with all its nuances and niceties, she was much
courted by the Russian coterie, a numerous and fashionable one in
that city. Though not strictly handsome, she was animated and
attractive, and possessed an esprit de societe rare among our coun-
trywomen. She might be about twenty-five or twenty-six, and
supposing me unacquainted with the particulars of her unfortunate
connexion with Byron, never mentioned his name, or that of her
daughter.
" No part of his conduct is more mysterious than his neglect of
this interesting young woman ; and the reason of his abandoning
the mother of his child after withdrawing it from her care, is one
of the many problems I leave others to-solve in this enigma. I
have often heard Byron speak of Allegra. The little creature took
a violent dislike to him, as it was just she should to one who so
cruelly renounced and injured her who gave her birth. Ido not
accuse him of seduction as regards this lady."—p. 182, Vol. 11.
It is hard to believe these things of such a man as
Byron, nor do we much admire the feelings which in any
case could dictate them. Even if they be truths, they are
truths which had better have remained untold. What
thanks would that immoderate lover of fact deserve, who
should seek to qualify our admiration of female beauty by
reminding us that the form, so fair without, would fill us
with disgust if once stript of its integument ? But it is
the fault of all common minds, that, instead of endeavouring
to raise themselves to the great and the good, they are in-
variably bent on reducing them to their own level—and
great Lord Byron most assuredly was in his writings, what-
ever he might be in his actions. Had he, however, been
ten times worse than either malice or feebleness have yet
been able to show him, the world would only lose by the
disclosure. By demonstrating how very little may be
greatness, a lesson is taught of diminished respect for the
highest exertions of human intellect, and in proportion to
that result are we lowered in the scale of existence. In the
simple yet striking language of the old Greek fragment,
" Let the earth cover and protect its dead."

Upon the whole, the reader will most probably be amused
with these volumes, and, as they are not likely to weigh
much or long upon the recollection, there is every chance
of their obtaining with many a second perusal.

THE ROMAINE OF HISTORY-ITALY, WITH
TWENTY-ONE. ILLUSTRATIONS. BY T. L.INDSEER. Vol.
I. BULL AND CHU.RTON, HOLLES STREET. 1834.

The merits of this work are too well known to leave any
necessity for notice, except as far as regards the form in
which it is now presented to the public. The three vo-
lumes are to contain one-and-twenty engravingi ; in the pre-
sent volume are seven, affording very clever specimens of the
degree of excellence to which engraving on wood may be
carried. This branch of the art has of late years been
much neglected ; we cannot see why ; it is sufficiently
sharp -and clear in its effects, the operation is much cheaper
than with either steel or copper for the material, and a
single block will yield, without retouching, many thousand
impressions. These are no slight considerations, when the
public demand both cheapness and excellence as the price
of their hard-won patronage, and refuse to be satisfied with
less than both combined.

Thus embellished, this work, which was always highly
popular, will no doubt find a conspicuous place in every
cabinet library.

THE MAN OF HONOUR, &c.—We are requested
to state, that the " Man of Honour" and " The Reclaimed,"
in two vols., post Bvo., will be published by Mr. Bentley,
New Burlington-street, on Friday, the 15th inst. Orders
should be forwarded immediately to the various booksellers, to
insure the early delivery of this work.

Letters from New York, received at Liverpool,
state that the riots which disgraced that city were promoted
by planters and others interested in slave, property in the
southern states, for the pnrpose of checking the formation of
associations for the immediate abolition of slavery. Dr. Cox,
who was formerly an advocate of the American Colonization
Society, the object of which was to ship off the blacks to
Africa, was in En
gland last year, and, from the information
obtained here he became, on his return to America, as warm
an advocate fOr immediate as he had previously been for gra-
dual abolition. Hence the, attack of the hired mob on his
church and dwelling-house.
WOMENMORTAR-CARRIERS.—AtVienna women
at e always employed to carry mortar. In 1827, when Mr.
Hawkins, the engineer, was building a sugar-house there nine
stories high, he employed a hundred bricklayers at one time,
and fifty female mortar-carriers. The women carried the
mortar up four-story ladders outside the building ; and thence
up seven other ladders inside, from story to story. Each
woman serves two bricklayers; and when these bricklayers
leave work, the woman who attends on them cleans their
trowels and other tools, and wraps them up in the men's
aprons, and puts them in a secure place till the morning,
when she
must have them ready for the men at their time of
beginning to work. It is singular that a custom which we are
apt to think belongs only to a very rude age, should prevail in
such a highly civilized and humane society as that of Vienna,
where all classes, from the lowest to the highest, are edu-
cated; and where all, without exception, are polite. But in
this very country, where women are thus daily employed in
the labours of men, it would be thought shocking if a female
were to be seen on the outside of a coach. Such are the
anomalies of society.—Architectural Magazine.
