HOUSE OF COMMONS-(LAST NIGHT.)

On the motion of Mr. SYKES, an Account was ordered
to be laid before the House of the Quantity of Timber,
Brass, and Steel imported into this country from Russia,
Denmark, and Sweden, during the years 1827, 1828,
and 1829 ; distinguishing the quantity imported in fo-
reign, and the quantity imported in British vessels.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the
coal whippers of the city of London, complaining of the
conduct of their masters, the coal-undertakers, many of
whom kept public-houses, and if the whippers did not
spend in those houses more than they wished to spend, dis-
charged them from their employment.
On the motion of Mr. HOBHOUSE, Returns were or-
dered to he laid before the House of the Amount of Money
received by the Bank of England up to the let of January,
1830, for taking charge of the National Debt; the amount
of all other allowances paid by the public to the Rank of
England, and the Amount of Bank Notes in circulation
from 26th Aug. to 26th Feb., in the years 1826, 1827,
1828, and 1829.

On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE, an Account
was ordered to be laid before the House of the Amount of
Grand Jury Presentments in Ireland for the last twenty
years; an Account of the Deposits in the Saving Banks
of Ireland for the last ten years ; and Copies of the Sche-
dules of Tolls and Customs at the Fairs and Markets in
Ireland.

Mr. DOHERTY gave notice, in the name of his Noble
Friend the Chief Secretary for Ireland, that his Noble
Friend would to-morrow move for " Leave to bring in a
Bill to alter and amend the Laws for regulating Juries in
Ireland."

Sir W. INGILBY presented petitions from the congre-
gations of Protestant Dissenters of the parishes of Paisley
Bridge and Whippon, in Yorkshire, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery.

The Consolidated Fund Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed to-morrow.

Sir IL HARDINGE gave notice, that on Friday he
would move the further Army Estimates in the Com-
mittee of Supply. The Navy Estimates stood for that
day; but his Honourable Friend would defer them until
Monday.
ILLUSORY APPOINTMENTS BILL

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL moved the Order of
the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee
on the Illusory Appointments Bill.
After a short conversation, in which Mr. Bernal, the
Solicitor-General, Mr. O'Connell, Mr. Trent, Mr. Ten-
nison, and Mr. Doherty participated, the House resolved
itself in the Committee.

Mr. O'CONNELL proposed as an Amendment, that
no power of appointment should be exercised after the
passing of the Bill, in any way, except to give an equal
share of the property to each object of appointment.
Mr. TRANT opposed any further progress in the Bill
in a thin House, on Wednesday night.
Sir C. WETHERELL approved of the Bill.

After a few words from Mr. O'CoNNELt. and the SOLI-
CITOR-GENERAL, the Amendment was negatived without
a division. The several clauses of the Bill were then dis-
posed of. The House resumed, the Report was brought
up, and ordered to be received to-morrow ; and the Bill
was ordered to be printed.
The Property in Infants' Bill, the Lunatics' Property
Bill, the Liability of Real Property Bill, and the Con-
tempt in Equity Bill were then severally passed through a
Committee, the Reports were brought up, and ordered to
be received on Monday next.
