IMPERIAL PARLtAMENr.

ROUSE OP LORDS, ItIoNDAY, Nov, 5.

tor4l TF.NTEUDEN 1:.1.1 on the table several Bids,
which he stated were intended to ea; ry into effect the re-
commendations eontiined in the second report Of the Coin-
missioners appointed to inquire into the state of the com-.
mut law. The Noble Lord said, he should leeerve a
fuller explanation of the provisions of these Bills to a more
seasonable opportunity.
The Earl of ELDON observed, that the Lord Chief
Jostice had done him the honour to consult him as to the
expediency of the Bills in question, which he, *honk!
merely say were, in his opinion, of st nature to entitle the:
Noble Lei d to public gratitude, for having been at the
trouble to prepare them.
After a few wards from Earl Geosvesoe, the Bills-.
(w.: believe four in number) were ordered to be printed.
Earl GROSVENOR then presented a petition from cer-
tain inhabitants of Wiltshire against the continuance of
the slave trade. In so doing the Noble Earl was pro•
ceeding to recommend a moderate Parliamentary reform,
when he was called to order by

The Earl of HABDWICkE, who deprecated such a
discuoiun as irregular.
Anti-slavery petitions were then presented froM Mallon,
and six places in Gloucestershire, 1w the Doke of Gr.on-
eysTrta ;—from two congregations of Wesleyan Methodists
at Newcastle-on-Tyne, by the Earl of &maw ;--from
Hotings and two other places in Sussex, by the Etrl of
CHICIIIOSTER ;---Imm 20 Dissenting congregations in Pem.
brokeshire, by Earl Cawnoat ;—from Chester, and three
other places, by the Bishop of Lotrnote ;—from severe!
parishes is the com.ty of Southampton, by the Bishop of
Winertrarrxx ; and from Huddersfield, Leeds, and !Bother
places in the West Riding of Yorkshire, by Lottl WtrAurt-
currx.

On the motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR, it was
ordered that the House should he aummoned for Friday
next, but we could not learn fur what purpose.
The Earl of Ennort laid on the table a Bill for the
amendment of the laws relating to bankrupts, which was
reed a first time, and ordered to be printed.
BELGIUM.—THE RING'S VISIT TO THE CITY.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said be would avail
himself of the present occasion to put a question to the
Noble Duke, or rather the Noble Earl opposite, respecting
the relations that subsisted between diet country and the
Netherlands, of which be had given notice on a former
evening. It appeared by the preamble of a treaty signed
by the Earl of Clancarty, our Ambassador extraordinary to
the Netherlands, that the terms en which the King of the
Netherlands had accepted of his Sovereignty were fully
stated in the protocol to which that official document re-
ferred. Now, in such important transactions be thought
it would he but right that Parliament and the public
should lie thoroughly satisfied that nothing whatever was
on record which implied an obligation under existing cir-
cumstances to ioterfere with the Netherlands. He was
himself satisfied that no expressions employed in the treaty
with the King of the Netherlands could be so interpreted
at to imply any ouch obligation. He felt, moreover, in
(mouton with the country, that if they had never coot-
mitted themselves by it guarantee, their policy and inte-
rest demanded an abetineece from interference with the
future government of Belgium.—(Hear, hear. )-Thu inte-
reat of the inliehitants of Belgium was equally at variance
with such an interference, for the recent example of
Fr ince sufficiently proved that their efforts were compa-
tible with moderation in success, and a determination to up-
liald the institutions they had created. The true interest
of Belgium: he repeated, supposing the inhabitants to be
equally patriotic, would be best promoted by the Govern-
ment of England's forbearing tointerfere, unless when in-
vited by the people of the country themselves. He bad
seen with regret the passage of the King's speed), pig-
pm sing to provide for " the good government of the Neo
therlawle," because he conceived it was the policy :of
England merely to protect her own interests against suffer-
ing front any change which might occur in the several
Governments of Europe. lie wished accordingly to be
infermed whether, if the protocol alluded to slid exist, it
contained any guarantee not to be found in the other
official papers to which he hail already had access.
The Earl of ABERDEEN said he should have no ob-
jection to lay the protocol in question on the table of the
Ilea se, at the same time assuring the Noble Marquis that
it contained no engagements, express .or implied, at all
different from , those involved in the treaty of the eight
attielee. Ile conceived it was unnecessary then to enter
upon further discuesion of the subject, but would merely
observe that the interests of this country, were so inti.
tamely connected with the owe of the Netherlands that it
was ioapoosilete to look with indifference on transactions of
such Importance as those of which the provinces at present
were the theatre. Be might also add, for the satisfaction
of the Noble Marqnis, that no interference, except one of
on amicable nature, was in the immediate contemplation
of lie Majesty's Government.—(Hear.)
The. Marquis of LONDONDERRY said that, diffiring
as lee bad dune with the Noble Secretary for, Foreign
Affairs during the greater part of Iset session, he should
feel ashamed of sitting Silent on an occasion like the pre-
sent, lig if these was one passage of the King'. speech
which he approved of More than another, it was that in
which they, bad been assured that the faith of treatitta
would be observed.—(Hear.)--..The French revolution, he
was sorry to find, had been mentioned with applause, for
he was firmly persuaded that they were only in the begin-
ning of it now, and that they might be inundated with
blood before that revolution should be concluded. What
was the prevent state of the French Government ? Had
they not a King and a Chamber of Deputies that had
tel-
ready annihilated half their Peers? Could they even
exercise the prerogative of mercy its the case of certain
misguided persons now emerald* to the law without being
overawed by a military guatel-wan exasperated mob—and
a republican General ? Thu truth was, that they
durst not do their duty, lest their guards should
'RAr an infuriated people to walk its and overwhelm
them. If, then, such a system as • this were to he
established in Belgium, what, he demanded, would
become of British ;viaticum with that country ?
A inn and decided union with those allies, who in
conjunction with England hail subjugated Napoleon, lie
WAS unalterably persuaded would be our only resource.
He rejoiced, therefore, that Mildews bad taken chit course,
of acting in conceit with the allies, which it eppeared
they had resolved on.. l'ior could he look without fear•
ful apprehension to the present moment, the exigencies of
which reqoired that they Should stand by the throne, the
executive, and their own" order." He was lilteWise con-
vinced that the Noble Earl opposite (Berl Grey), fur
who e, talents he hail a high respect, would agree with
him in thinking that this wail the true policy of the aria.
totracy, whereby alone they might " cause ideal dangers
to dwindle into dust." A Noble Bari (%VlnchilRsay also
had lately spoken float the:cross-bench, and *seemed to
himself the met it of being the organ of e party, had awed
that the, speech of the Noble Duke was net calculated
to conciliate those with whom, be genctidly acte l ; but
this, however, be had no doubt, was far from letios
the fact.
The Doke of RICHMOND rose to order. The Noble
Lord alluded to was not then present, and it was therefore
is regular to icier to what he had been slammed to have
stated. Besides, the Noble Marquis, ha leletalt bowed
nosier great misapprehension as to what had really been
said,—(Bear, bear.)
The Marquis of LONDONLIIIIRRY resumed. lie StOan
corrected. Ile saw that the Noble Botts) whom he al-
luded was not in his place. Ile was Sites that the Noble
Duke who had called hint to order would be the hint roan
to suffer himself to bit put doers by any one getting up to
arrest his observations. Toecturn to what lie was saying,
he understood the Noble Earl to have sail, that the Noble
Lords on the cross-benches were determined to reject any
bait othielt might be thrown natio them to induce them
to glee their support to the Ouvernment at the present
juncture. Now he believed the s moderate Tory feeling to
he, that the principles contained in the Klog's Speech were
the pt lociple of the real Tories,—(G No, nos)--anti if act-
ed upon, Tories would support theist...-.(44 N 0.49-11,
had said inure than he intended. He must confilv that
hie feelings unite' him away. It was impossible not to
fret in an extraordinary degree excited, in contemplating
tint situation in which the country stood. Ile hoped that
',host who reallybad property, and must feel that their hest
interesti were at stake; would stood by the throne and the
Government at the present moment.
Tile Duke of RICHMOND said, be did tott intend to
treeatto htog on their Lordships' attention, particularly pt?
the Nulde Marquis bad just stated. that leis feelings had
carried hint away.. In hie opinion the Noble Marquis had
matte as west erajststifiuble attack on a Noble Levi who was
nut Tresent. lie btu Disks of Itichmood)- was not pre,
swot whifft the Nate Earl addeested their I.ol'th:hips on a
torsion; evening, hut he tonierstroal the 'Nubia Lail to have
ended duet lie vette only lila oWit ilia-tektite!
had no wish to put down the Noble Mar-
qui.. anti finty loon because lux woo adverting
to a speech delivered io, it former debate, whielt"was against
the iaikes of the Moro,. !fioi Nolite 514rquiti W,a pow
lOW h tpot ter stf 0,,v! rikruel;t, Imt ti, eeconecLeti that
last ec.sion the No;.ile neeipiii':e eloquence was dittaiteil
;against Ministers day after sty wish respect to the bout).
„wit,* eireeee.,...c Itogbje-r-Witeo Ito teinetaLereil
that, he nnist Say, with peileei coactoy, that be slid not
drink it wurth 144 lc, put ittiwo the Noble
