%VLSI' INDIA PROPRIETORS.

-Yesterday a General Meeting of West India
Plantlts, erchants, Annuitants, and others interested in the
British West India Colonies, was held at the City of London
Taverrr, 03 important business connected with then. affairs.
The meeting was very numerously and respectably attended.

Atlialf-pAt one o'clock, the chair was taken by C. It. Er.trs,
Esq., M.P., sopportesl by Mr. Keith Douglas, M.P.; Mr.
Cray Grant, M.P.; Mr. Manning, M.P.; Mr. Pares, M.P. ;
Mr. Watson Taylor, M.P.; Mr. Birch, M.P.; .I.llr. John

Fidler, and a large `eody of the merchants and proprietors in-
tareated in. Welt:lndia prcperly.
4')V! CZIA IR ICIA4 'said, that before they proceeded to the re-
oetar business of the day, it, would beam well to dispose of a
:;se on on whitth there could not possibly arise any difference
Of Opinion—he meant the addition :of names called for to in-
cialae the nullifiers of the Standing Committee.
The tollowing names were then added to that Committee na-
The Earl of Harwood ; 'the Hon. W. Lascelles, M: 'P. ;
• Lent St. Vincent ;'LordStiltotine Right flon.SieGeorgeßose,
M. P. Joseph iiirch, •Esq., M. P. ;.W. R. Keith Douglas-,
• Eeq., N. P. ; W. 11. Irving, Esq; ; John Irving, Esq., M. P.;
' Eneaa Barakty, Esq. ; :Samuel Hibberte Esq.; John Gladstone,
Eio:, M. P. ; Spence Mackay, Esq. ' • Henry ShirleyaESq. ;
.• Ruben Robertson, Esq.; George Hibbert, jun., Esq. ;
Alexander Kitson; Esq. ; James Lawson, Esq. ; Josiah Mar.
tin, Esq.; Philip john Miles, Esq.,M.P; James Johnstone,
Ese..; Neil Malcolm, Esq. ; 'W. Wilson, Esq. ; J. P. Pares,
• Esq. ; Rev.., John Broome ; Edward. Sharpe; Esq. e Simon
• Tayler' Ee,q:e James Wooller East,' Esq.; Joseph Alarryatt,
; Edwat'll. Ellice, Esq., M.P.; George Sheddcn, Esq. ;
Edward Clarke, Esq.- ; John Simpson, Esq.; IL Pearce, Esq.
John Stewart, Esq.; J. H. Daley, Esq.; John Hankey; Esq.;
Henry Davison, Eaq.; and James Laing, Esq.
• The CHAIR :AN said, that in consequence of the very
general opinion which appeared to prevail, that the • pre-
sent - alarming and critical state otathe West India Islands
called for a full meeting of those interested in colonial
-property, he had felt it his duty, in the exercise of the dis-
cretion which they had vested in him when they did him the
honour of placing him in the Chair of their Committee, to or-
-der the insertion of the advertisements for convening this meet-
ing : in the exercise of the same discretion, he had called toge-
ther the Standing Committee, for the purpose of. making .the
• necessary preliminary arrangements •to prepare • the measure
which it should be deemed expedient to submit: M. the Meeting
this day..- It was the just complaint Of the proprietors of West
India property,.;that attacks had been incessantly made upon
ahem by misrepresenting the condition of the Negroes, and ca-
leinniating sae character of their masters, to inflame the public
mind, and by such a course of proceeding to urge both Parlia-
meat and .the Government to . adopt measures which- involved
an utter Violation of the sacred rights of property.—(Hear !)
Of what nature 'was the' property, of the attacks-upon whiCh.
they had a right to complain, and .against-which they.nOW
raised their sole= -and :public protest ?. For the purpose of
showing by a full add distinct exposition the-various rights of
tenure by which the property was held, they were entitled to
proclaim to the Government and the country, that they held
is by virtue of the repeated 'recognition of the ColOnial
latures, expressed *.in -numerous acts which
.subsequently re-
ceived the approval of the CroWn, and thereby obtained the
' validity of. law.-(llear, hear!)—That property• had besides
been treated :by' the lawitf all the various details of legislative
-provision and protection Ao which all property,, of whatever
, description. had become subject. It was recognised also by
various acts Of British: Parliament, by virtue of which, it
became 'liable to all. the usages of mortgage, and et-
posed to- al' the requisite facilities for • recovering and en-
forcing the payment- of -debta legally incurred. The law.had
also treated it as subject-to different kinds of taxation. So that,
from a review of the nature of that cOlonial property, it would.
be found, in its .'acquisition, possession, :and transfer, as so-
lemnly recognized, and formally sanctioned; as tiny other pro-
perty had ever been in any country in the worldrprotected by
the wholesome dominion of law.—( Hear, • hear !)--It appeared
to,. the Standing Committee, that if it should be thought by the
Government proper, that property thus solemnly recognized by
• law, from any view which they might be disposed to take of ins'
character interfered with the promotion of any great national
object, then the country had:a clear course to take, analogdus
to the practice often exercised upon similar occasions, which
was to offer to the owners of the property sought to be affected,
a fair comperiiatiort for the surrender of their undoubted owaer-
ship.—(llear, hear !)—lf an alteration and reduction of that
property were required by the furtherance of what some might
aeeni a high moral obligation, it Would be no less a duty to do
jastice to the possessors ; for-' the higher the moral obligation •
which required the sacrifice of that property, the more impera-
tive it became, and necessary to seek its accomplishment only
by fair, and just, and moral means.—(Applause.)—Did not jus-
tice, then, require a full and fair compensation for the transfer
• of this property ? It appeared to the Committee, from a variety
of considerations, that their reasons could not be embodied or
submitted in any titter &tip than an address to the Crown.
The King was that authority in the state to which the colonies
were especially booed to, look up for protection, as holding
their lands directly from 'the throne under Crown,erants—Las
• bolding all their rights and privileges under the royal proclama-
tion • for the colonial acts derived the validity of law through
the iCing's,approval.—c Hear, hear !)—They thought, also that.
in the present disturbed state'of the West India possessions, it
was peculiarly proper to appeal to the King, as the authority
to which all looked up in the colonies with united deference and
respect, 'unmixed with distrust or dissatisfaction.—(Hear
To the King, that if his Majesty were graciously pleased to
exert his voice, he might adopt the necessary steps to compose
the-jarring elements, and restore tranquillity to such important
• interests, to remove exaggeration from the minds of the negroes,
to obviate the apprehensionis'of their masters, restore the'value
of property to the legitimate owners, and reinstate general con-
• fi4artee._—( Hear, heat I )—Such was the sum and substance of
' the petition Which the. Committee thought proper to recommend •
to ;Ste consideratimi. of this meeting. The Committee, after
the most mature and deliberate consideration, were of opinion,
that at this critical and perilous moment, two objects alone
ought -to occupy =their fixed attention : the first was, the de-
facee of their right of property ; and the second, the asset-
tien of their claim for compensation should that property
be interfered with and deteriorated by law. 'These points they
deemed paramount to all other considerations at the present
moment. They had therefore carefully abstained frOm all ex-
traneoies matters of discussion ; not that they were unwilling,
or unable, to meet all other. points connected with the details of
their whole system, and-which they would be found ready to
debate on more proper 'occasions ; but the two great points to
which he had already adverted, ought at this juncture to super-
sede every other consideration : they were of vital importance,
they were paramount, and ought to be submitted to the royal
consideration unmixed with any other topic, so that the royal
mad should be enabled at once to make a clear and comprehen-
sloe view of what was deemed by them the main and prominent
• points of their case, to which all others were subservient. The
petition about to be proposed embodied these sentiments and
views of their claims, and would, he hoped, be received with
unanimous approbation .—(Applause.)—The Chairman conclu-
ded Ly reading the following petition : - •
" TO THE XING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

The Humble Petition of the Planters and Merchants and
others, interested in the British West India: Colonies.
" We, your Majesty's most loyal subjects, Planters, Mer-
chant,. anti others, interested in your Majesty's West India.
Colonies, humbly approdch your Majesty with the expression
of our loyalty and devotion to your Majesty's person and go-
y ern m en t.
" We appeal to your Majesty's paternal feelings, which
ensure, the extension of your. Majesty's gracious protection
equally to all your subjects, as well to the weak as to the
powerful—to those in the most remote parts of your empire,
as to those nearest your Majesty's. person.
" We-humbly beg to lay our case at your Majesty's feet, in
the confidence that it is only necessary to place it .under your.
.:11*jesty7s view, in order to obtain protection for our just rights,

and security for our property.
". We beg leave humbly to `state to your Majesty, that we
hold our plantations, in your Majesty's Colonies by grants, or
purchase crom the Crown. •
" That those grants and purchases were made in some cases
under the stipulation, in all upon the understanding, that the
lands so acquired were to be cultivated by Negro slaves. •
" That Negro slaves were brought by your Majesty's British
subjects from Africa to your Majesty's West' India Colonies,
and sold by them to the planters, under the sanction of acts of
the British Parliament, giving to British subjects the exclusive
privilege'of carrying on 'that trade, confining it to British ships,
and prohibiting the planters from trading with the merchants
of any other country.
" That in the Acts of Parliament relating to that trade, it is
described as beneficial both to the .Conn 2rce of Great Britain
and to your Majesty's Parliament .1' and it has been stated to-
be a trade so very adtraitageobs' 'that. it ought to be left free
and open to all your Majesty's saijects.? •
" That the attempts which have: been made, on more than
one occasion, by the legislaturet of your Majesty's Colonies, to
restrict and limit that trade, haft.beeti ebeeired by. the British!
Government. • .
" That the Royal assent. beer' Tefttited'to.Bills passed with
that view by the legislatures in the_Colenies, and that it has
been declared by Ministers of the Crown, that it would not be
sJ]owedlo the Colonies to check, or diseourrige 41.0.4 y-degree;
a traffic so benefiCiel*nd necessary 6;tlic-mothercountry.' •
" Thal r, st Cti halt- been rfaAsed-141he legislatures-of
'the colonies, Whil, have received the -Royal approval, regulating
ID the most iiinute details the treanneinof tate slaves. by their-

masters, affording protection to the one, and recognizing the
rights of the other.
That other Acts have been passed by the same Legisla-
tures, and have received the Royal approval, treating the slaves
in those colonies as the.property of theirmasters, ad subject-
ing. such slaves and their issue to all the restrictions and con-
ditions which attach upon any other property ; for some pur-
poses considering them as freehold, for others as personal
property.
" We beg leave further to state, that various Acts of the
English, and subsequently of the British Parliament, have
passed into law, treating the Negroes and their issue in the
colonies, in various modes as property, for securing the rights
of British cierchants and other persons who have lent money,
taking such Negroes as their. security, and affording facilities
against the owners of them for the recovery of their debts.
" That the several Courts of Law in this kingdom have, by'
repeated decisions, regarded ' and decided upon the property in
Negroes and their issue, according to the laws and customs of
this kingdom arid the Colonies, which relfttesto inheritance, de-
vise, settlement, conveyance, and securities for money, recogniz-
ing in the. proprietors a vested interest in the slaves, their future
issue and increase. _ _

" That the property in slaves has been made an object of
taxation. The acquisition of it by devise has been subjected, in
some cases, to the legacy duty, the possession of it to the pro-
perty-tax, and the transfer of it to the stamp duties ; amongst
which is that imposed upon slaves and their issue by the re-
gistry act, passed so recently as in the year 130. -
" In a word, the title of the master to his slaves and their
issue, has been as completely and as solemnly recognized by
the law as the title of any of your Majesty's subjects to any other
species of property. •
" We humbly conceive that in a case in which the parties
are the State on the one hand, and any class of your Majesty's
subjects on -the other, it cannot be necessary to prove any other
tide to property, than that it has been recognized by the State
itself ; and we humbly conceive that as against the right of the
State to annihilate or to injure in any degree that property,
-such proof is conclusive. •
It has been urged, with a viewof shaking the title to such
property, that in its origin it will be found to have been vitiated
by acts ofe injustice or -violence. 'We might ask, how much
of the property of your Majesty's ,subjects—property held the
most sacred—could show a title in its origin free from injustice
-or violence? Whether your Majesty'S title to those very colo-
nies, though sanctioned by treaties and recognized by the law of
nations, could stand that test ! Whether it could be shown
that. the original occupation of those countries by.the nations
of Europe was unstained by acts of cruelty or violence
towards the native inhabitants ? or how much of the landed
property • of Great Britain or Ireland could be retained
by the present possessors, if such a title were required to
be shown ? The general admission of this principle would
-shake property of all descriptions throughout your Majesty's
dominion ; and against a partial application of it to the proper.
ty of your Majesty's subjects in the , colonies, we appeal in
confidence to your Majesty, as the dispenser of equal justice
' to all your subjects.
"ill* the State considers that the property of the West India
'Planters in their slaves interferes with a great national object,
it has a clear course, as in all cases where the property of indie
viduals interferes with a public object, by offering them a fair
Compensation for the surrender of their property. .
• " If that object is one which is required by a high moral
;duty, the same sense of duty commands that it should be ac-
complished by the fair purchase of that property rather than
by a forcible violation of it. . If the right to compensation be
admitted in case of injury, but if it be maintained that the ob-
ject can be accomplished without injury to the planters, the
State has also a clear course, by offering a distinct pledge, and
making provision for a contingent compensation. If no loss
should be incurred, this will cost the State nothing. If the
injury should be inflicted, it will be only the satisfaction of a
claim previously admitted to be just.
" On the other hand, a refusal to abide the issue of the test
will be considered by the planters as a practical proof that their
fears are felt to be well-founded, libweyer they may be asserted
to be groundless.
" We beg leave further humbly to re:present to your Majesty,
that the- tranquillity of all your Majesty's colonies has been
disturbed, and the lives and properties of the inhabitants of
those countries brought into iminent danger.
4"l'hat the insurrection of the Negro slaves in your Majesty's
colony of Demerara has not been suppressed without a sacri-
fice of lives and valuable property.
" That an impression had, as it appears, been created in the
minds of the Negro slaves in that colony, that your Majesty
anti the British Parliament had granted their enfranchisement,
but that their masters withheld it from them; and that they
had thus been stimulated to assert their freedom by violence.
In other colonies, plans of insurrection have also been dis-
covered, and a very disturbed spirit has become apparent among
the Negro population:
" The confidence in the security of property in those coun-
tries has consequently been so much shaken, that the power of
transfer has been nearly annihilated, and the value of the se-
curities, on which many millions of money have been lent by
your Majesty's subjects in Great Britain, has been equally
diminished, and the credit of the planters, who had already
been struggling under the pressure of long continued distress,
has been so much impaired, that it' has become almost impos-
sible to obtain a loan upon Colonial security.
" Under these circumstances we lay ourselves at your Ala-
jesty's feet, and humbly pray that your Majesty will not; by
the exercise of your Majesty's royal
prerogative, in any manner
sanction or authoriZe anyacts which may impair the value of
property in your Majesty's colonies, so repeatedly and so so-
lemnly recognized by your Majesty, your Royal. predecessors,
and the Parliament of Great Britain, unless a fund should be
previously provided for fair and sufficient compensation.
" We farther humbly pray your Majesty to he graciously
pleased to adopt such measures as to your Majesty may appear
hest calculated to remove the exaggerated expectations of the
Negroes, and to allay the well-founded fears of the white inha-
bitants in the colonies, so as to restore a tranquil and contented
spirit in those countries, and to re-establish the just value 'of
colonial property: and confidence in its security. • •
And your petitioners will ever pray, &c."
Mr. C. N. PALMER rose to second the petition, which lie
hoped would be unanimously adopted. Although it would be
in vain for him to expect to be able to add any thing to the
arguments used in the petition, and more particularly after the
able and powerful exposition which it had previously received
from their Hon. Chairman,—(Hear, hear !)—yet he could not
refrain from expressing his pleasure at perceiving the nature of
the petition which they were called upon to support ; he had re-
ceived the greatest gratification from the clear and close deduc-
tion from the facts and reasoning in the petition, and which
defied all contradiction. Besides, their petition was 'not cal-
culated to produce any of those angry feelings which were cal-
• ciliated to interfere with the restoration of harmony ; and the
language in which it was enforced, he was proud to contrast
with the intemperate allusions of those who called themselves
the friends of abolition, but whorri he must calf' the friends of
superficial hunianity.—(Hear I)—With pleasure it was he saw
nothing in the document under consideration which was cal-
culated to interrupt that awful' Silence which the present situ-
ation of the colonies seemed to have imposed on Parliament
and the country. The petition also left untouched and also
uncompromised—(Hear !)—all other points connected with '
their colonial rights and interests, and there was a judicious
abstinence from all topics which were calculated to create an
irritating difference of opinion in any quarter. It was most'
proper to confine their present object to the assertion, and he
trusted to the establishment, of their claim for compensation,
' and to do so by an appeal to the King, from whose gracious
and just view of the case they would doubtless receive fit awl-
proper Hear, hear!)—He hoped the example and
forbearance which they set would not be lost unon their oppo-
nents; and while they held it out to them, he trusted also
they would take a lesson in return, and- imitate the union and
perseverance with which they had always to straggle on the
side of their enemies—not, indeed, imitating them in any thing
else, but rather shewing those requisites of forbearance and
emoderation which were always sure to obtain legitimate
ends by a shorter course, than perseverance in opposite quail-
ties.—(Hear, hear!)—He had never despaired of the colonial
interests: overwhelmed as they were with distress, and sur-
rounded by perils, yet he had never despaired. He now saw
a ray of relief for them in the increasing prosperity of the
country. He saw a protection against future danger in the',
prospect of the better acquaintance of the country with the true
state. of colonial affairs". They ought never to despair while
true to themselves ; nor should they be diverted by any strata-
- gem from persevering with energy and unanimity, in the pur-
suit of those measures which their intirests and duty alike pre-
, scribed for their adoption.
Mr. WATSON TAYLOR expressed his entire concurrence in
what hadbeen said as to the necessity of unanimity on the pre-
sent occasion. He had the utmott reliance on the effect of the
recommendation to Parliament in the Speech from the Throne,
and he trusted that the subject of the West India interest would
be considered with that calmness and caution which its impor-
tance and a mense of justice to those concerned demanded.
After the just and wise recommendation of his Majesty, he
hoped that those who took an active, part in the question would ,
temper their zeal with caution. Under all the circumstances
of the case, he thought the preient the most favourable oppor- I
tunity for approaching the Throne with their petition. The
petition which the meeting had just heard was couched in such
just and moderate terms,hat he felt great pleasure in second-
ing the motion forite adoption.
' • Mr. Cattu'neGToN said, he was so fully impressed with the
I•liiiPtirtance of this subject, and of die awful crisis to which the
affairs of the Colonies were brought, that he could not suffer
[the present opportunity to escape without offering a few re-
marks. Ile fully concurred in the justice of the remark, that

this question, viewed in what way it might, ought to be '
Cussed with Moderation. It was not his wish to depart from the
general subject, or to occupy the attention of the Meeting for
any length of time; but from the circumstances in which he
was placed (Mr. Carrington is agent to one of the West India
Colonies), he did not think he should discharge his duty, did
he not take a short view of the circumstances which had
brought the affairs of the colonies to their present crisis. , He
wished not to inflame any party-feeling at either side, but to ,
point out the difference of the situation of the colonists from
what it was some few years back. Upon the assumption that
a clandestine importation of slaves had taken place, had arisen
thole Measures of interference which had been so unfortunately
applied to our colonieS of- late.-. He maintained that no fair
ground for such an assumption had existed, and that.the !
-ference resting upien it was therefore without any necessity. 'At-1
the time the measures of interference were pending in the Bri-
tish
Parliament, its effects were not only dreaded by those who
knew the real condition of the colonies, but were clearly pre-
dicted.
Unhappily those prediotions were altogether disre-
garded, and the consequence was, that a flourishing, beautiful,
and once happy colony
,was in one night exposed to all the
horrors of insurrection, conflagration, and bloodshed. This,
he asserted without fear of contradiction, was produced because
the warnings of those whose situation rendered them most ca-
pable of judging of the real condition of the colonies had been
altogether disregarded. It was a melancholy reflection, and
one would think that it was caused by some dreadful fatality,
that the real cause, as w ell as the authentic history of those transac-
tions (we believe thelate disturbances in Barbadoes), should con-
tinue to be unknown in this country. The calumnies which had
been poured forth against the conduct of the resident West India
planters in the course of thelast Session clearly showed, that there
were, not a few in this country, who were willing to attribute
the disasters to which lie had alluded, to any thing rather than
their real cause, and who still affected to disbelieve that they
were the result of the late measures of interference. He, hove-
ever,
,confidently asserted that they were produced by those
,measures : and there was a gallant Officer, to whose bravery
and presence of mind on that occasion the country were in-
debted.for the preservation of the colony, who could tell the
meting, on the authority of the gallant Governor of the island—
a man not less distinguished for his high military talents than
for his integrity and urbanity in private life—that the whole
of thesemelancholy occurrences had proceeded from the inter-
ference of this country in the internal affairs of the colony. The
gallant' Governor,.as the result of a most minute inquiry into
the subject, had put it upon record that the disturbances had
proceeded from the interference of this coun try. Every circum- ,
stance which had transpired, capable of explaining their nature
and origin, had assigned this as the cause. The declarations
at the place of execution, of the unhappy persons who had
suffered for their connection with the disturbance, was a further
evidence of the fact. In no one instance had they varied
in their statement, that they had been contented and happy
under their piasters, against whom. they made no complaints,
anti) they had been led away by visionary hopes founded
-upon the .interference of this country.—(Hear, hear
When the West Indian planters were charged with hav-
ing made exaggerated statements of the nature of the dis-
turbances:a-when it was publicly stated that they had not
arises from the interference of this country, it was not a little
' surprising that no one member of his Majesty's Government
had thought worth while to refute the calumny, which they
might easily have done by referring to the dispatches they had
received on the subject. by
few words might have set forth the
real state of the case. Such an act on the part of Ministers
would have,heen kind and generous, as it would have been use-
ful in checking the zeal for interference which had already ex-
isted. Unfortunately, however, no such explanation had been
given. Neither had there been any attempt made to support
the principle, that for the property violated the parties were en-
titled_ to compensation.—(Hear !)—it was, however, `but too
true, that whole families had been reduced to ruin from that oc-
currence, from which they could not hope to recover., In these
transactions, he would repeat, it was a striking coincidence,
that not one of the unhappy sufferers, either in Barbadoes
or Demerara:a had ever. complained of the conduct of his
master..--(Hear, hear !)—These facts showed in a strong
light the hardships. of the colonists, from the exaggerated
statements and misrepresentations which had been circula-
ted respecting them. Mr. Carrington then went on to contend,
that it was the duty of the meeting, if they meant to act upon
the excellent advice which had been given them by the mover
of the petition (Mr. Palmer), to. co-operate with their friends
in Barbadoes and Demerara in. procuring compensation for the
injury they had sustained. That compensation they had claim-
ed, nor more for their own individual interest, than as members
of the general body, whose interests were equally involved in
the decision on that claim. After again alluding to the, sudden-
ness with which the late disturbances had come upon the Co-
lonists, and again asserting that they had been produced by
the interference of this country, Mr. Carrington went on to
shew, that.from the recent investigations which had taken place,
the falsehobd of the charge, that before the interference no step
had been taken by the Colonists for the improvement of the mo-
ral condition of the slaves, had been fully manifested. Ile knew
of his own 'knowledge, that in the island which he had the
honour to represent, such steps had been taken ; and he had
reason to believe that the same might be said of Jamaica and
other colonies : and though the improvement might not have
been as rapid as some desired, yet its effects were such as were
calculated to give security to the colonies, which, he asserted,
the principle of interference by . this country went directly to
remove. 'What farther effect the more rapid march of inter-
ference might have, he would not now predict, except by
saying, that it was to be dreaded by all those who knew the
real situation. of the colonies and the characterof their inhabi-
tants. Much was still to be dreaded, if some of the steps
were not retraced, and that in a proper spirit of conciliation.
After some other remarks, in which he went on to enforce the
necessity of union and perseverance in their object, and in up-
holding the principles of compensation, he concluded by ex-
pressing a hope that their petition woultf .be received with every
bias in their favour, and that they might not be kept in that
saspense as to the result, which was worse than an immediate
certainty of being defeated in their hopes.
Mr. .1. P. Al AYERS claimed the indulgence of the meeting
while he offered a few remarks on the subject before them, as a
West India proprietor, to whom .circumstances had given a
personal knowledge of what had lately passed in one of our
colonies. Considering the great value of public meetings on
questions of importance, where the interests of many were con-
cerned, and where, in the various opinions delivered, there was
the best chance ~ehaving the whole truth elicited, he was sur-
prised that one had not been called earlier on this most import-
ant esubject. He, however, did not mean to throw any blame on
this account on their excellent chairman and those gentlemen
who supported him on this occasion, for whose active exertions
in behalf of the colonists, he, as a West India proprietor felt truly
grateful. If he had before felt regretthat the meeting had not been
called sooner, he new felt great pleasure at the very happy auspices
under which the present was called together. Not long back,
he had been struck almost dumb with dismay, at the alarming
state of the affairs of the colonies; but now ha felt inspired
with confidence and hope of the future, and instead, therefore,
of saying any thing which would interrupt the harmony lie saw
prevailing, he would do every thing in his power to promote
it. The occurrences of the last week, the gracious recom-
mendation from the Throne, and the speeches in the House
of Lords, as given in the newspapers, were, as far as they
related to West Indian affairs most cheering. They held out
a hope that at length a calm and dispassionate consideration
was likely to be given to a question which involved not only
the most valuable interests of the colonists, but he might al-
most say the existence of the colonies themselves. Let not,
however, this happy change in the prospect of their affairs pre-
vent them from. continuing their active exertions, for the serpent
which had sent forth its venom against them might renew that
venom if not effectually resisted.. The occurrences of .the last
few years, as connected with our West India colonies; had no
parallel in the history of this country. The most unheard-
of calumnies had been circulated against the colonists, and
these, too, in places which should not have lent an ear to
statements not proved. The great principle of hearing all
sides fairly before judgment was pronounced, had been out-
raged in the case of the colonists. Though there'was the best
and most conclusive evidence to spew the propriety of the con-
duct pursued by the resident planters, still, without waiting to
have that produced, strong opinions had been given against
them. He would not, however, dwell farther upon this part,
but come at once to the late insurrection at Barbadoes. It was
his duty, as it was the duty of all concerned, not to be de-
terred from , fairly stating what they knew, by any apprehen-
sion of being thought interested on the matter. When, re.
cently, Mr. Wilberfore, acting on the groundless suspicion
that there had .been a clandestine importation of slaves, and,
in open violation of that principle, that taxation and repre-
sentation should be coequal and coextensive, had introduced
the Slave Registry Bill, many persons who were better ac-
quainted with the negroes and their character, believed that
insubordination and insurrection would follow. All the decla-
rations to this effect were disregarded at the time; but at length
they turned out to. be true. Before the interference, the island
presented a scene of perfect prosperity ; but soon after, it be-
came one of desolation and misery. Mr. Mayers here proceed-
ed amidst frequent expressions of the impatience of the meet-
ing to detail the nature of the disturbances, and to show that
they had been produced by the interference of this country._
This, he contended, would be most satisfactorily proved, if the
dispatches, from the Governor of the island were produced.
Mr. H I DBE RT said, that most certainly at no time could he
I pretend to have any thing to address to so respectable a meet-
ing as that before him, which could command attention, and
still less could he hope to command it when he only. rose for the
purpose of explaining why he should go no farther into the sub-
ject before them at present. He attended in the standing com-
. mittee, where it had been very wisely decided, that they should

enter into no other matters connected with the West India ques-
tion than those which had been referred to in the petition, anti
into those no farther than the petition had gone ; not that the
other matters connected with their interests were unimportant,
but because their %Weirs were at such a crisis, that the more
cautiously they. proceeded the better. He acquiesced in this de-
cision of the majority of the committee, and, feeling its proprie-
ty, he now warmly recommended it to the adoption of the meet-
ing. The petition proposed he fully approved of, and he hoped
it would be 'signed as soon as possible. It was a petition to
the King ; and though it did not go at length into the mediate
or immediate causes of the dangers which threatened the colo-
nies, yet it touched upon them xi such a way as that the peti-
tioners should not commit them Selves at any side. As agent of
the island of Jamaica, he might go somewhat farther, and in
his official capacity offer some further observations ; but in the
last general Meeting, and in the present he had not gone fur-
ther, or said any thing more than as a merchant and a Jamaica
planter might do. :His constituents had stated that they heard
that his Majesty's Ministers had expressly denied the principle
of compensation. He had looked over his correspondence, and
fie saw what it was from which his constituents had drawn that
inference: indeed, he should be extremely sorry to find that Mi-
nisters had come to any such determination. The inference of his
constituents had arisen from one communications. In that
he stated, that at a conference (with Ministers, we presume),
at which he was not present, but the particulars of which had
been reported to him from very respectable authority, it was
stated (by Ministers) that a distinction would be made between
the cases where direct emancipation had taken place, and those
in which measures preparatory to that event had been taken.
He knew not whether he reported this rightly; he gave it
as he got it ; but if the meaning of it was, that " you shall
have compensation if you emancipate, but you shall have
none if you only take measures to prepare for that which will
be your own undoing"—if this determination of Ministers was
fairly reported, he would say that it was a most unfair de-
cision, and his constituents had good reason to be angry at
such a result. It was that impression which had given rise
to the different meetings and to the resolutions which had been
entered into so many parishes in the island. Those meet-
ings and resolutions had one good effect, for they went to show
what might be expected as the consequences of such a 'de-
cision given as a final one. He would say that these should be
a change—that some of the steps taken should be retraced;
and if he had not seen that something of the kind were intended,
he would not have stopped here ; but in the hope that some-
thing would be speedily done for ameliorating the state of the
colonies, he would at present go no farther than express his
entire concurrence in the petition.—(Hear, hear !)
.Mr. GOSSETT, N. P., said, that he entirely concurred in
what had fallen from his Hon. Friend who had just sat down.
Imitating his example, he also would abstain from going into
the details of this important question.. He thought the subject
now rested on the responsibility of MiniSters, and he trusted it
would be taken by them with that firmness and moderation
which would _ensure the tranquillity of the minds of sill.
Major D'ALorac next addressed the meeting; but from the
distance at which he stood from where we sat, and the very fre-
quent interruptions he encountered from the disapprobation
of his hearers, we could collect only an occasional sentence.—
We understood him to say, tlfarhe:possessed a small roe
petty in the West Indies, which, however, small as it might
be, lie would not willingly expose to unnecessary risk. The
question of the present state of the colonies was a most int,
portant one, and ought to be approached with caution ; but
whatever were the decisions, they ought to be acted upon
with firmness ; but every measure which might now be
adopted ought to have in view the ultimate abolition of slave-
ry, for he felt convinced that the West India interests would
never rest upon a firm basis, until the great object was aeconi-
plished.—(Disapprobation.)He would not then enter upon the
details of that important topic, for he was aware that there
were many persons who looked upon the question of emanci-
pation, however remote, with horror and dismay. He, for
.-one, could not enter into sticiffeelings. He could anticipate
no such horrible consequences. He thought the diffusion of
Albiac
knowledge among the Negroes a necessary preparative for final
emanci cation—(Hisses,
short time
public meeting was, that all should he heard, and.
that from the difference of opinions on both sides of the ques-
tion, truth might be best elicited.—(Here the interruptions were
so frequent, that we could only distinguish the gentleman's
voice, without
being able to collect what he said, until some
one cried out "A saint r!)
Major D'A LBLac.—" I am no saint, I have more of the cha-
racter of a sinner ; but sinner as I am, I will not be put down
by clamour ; I will
.continue to assert my right to be heard."
He then proceeded, and read his first resolution (as given be-
low.) During the reading of this and the two that followed it,
the interruptions were so loud that we could hear nothing
distinctly. At the fourth resolution Major D'Albiac said,
Gentlemen, I shall wait until you have done hissing, and then
I shall go on ; for lam determined to read them all. [Here
he was assailed with such loud vociferations, intermingled with
hisses, and the occasional allusion of " You come from Wilber-
force"—" You are from the African Institution," and similar
remarki, that lie was quite unable to proceed, and obliged to
appeal to the Chair for protection.l
The CHATRMAN rose and said—" Gentlemen, I ask you, is
your cause such that yowl-teed be afraid to bear any opponent ?
1 ask you whether it would not be more beconeing to hear this
gentleman without interruption, subject, of course, to whatever
animadversions he may afterwards receive from those who may
follow him."
. _ .

V Major
D'AttitAc then concluded reading his resolutions,
and expressed the- regret he felt at detaining the meeting while
he obtruded himself upon their attention. He assured them
he was too conscious of his own inferiority, to dispute too per-
tinaciously
.the opinions of other men, who might think they
had better information on the subject: —The following are the
Resolutions :
" 1. It is the opinion of 'this meeting that rational and de-
fined liberty
.is a blessing to which the whole race of mankind
have an original title.
" 2. That in accordance with this principle, and being fully
aware that a state of slavery is incompatible with those moral
ties, those social feelings of gratitude which in free countries
bind the servant to the master, this meeting anxiously looks
forward to that desirable period when the black population of
the West Indian Colonies shall be deemed by the Legislature
of the mother country to be,so far advanced in moral attain-
ments to be worthy of being admitted to the condition of free
labourers, and 'capable of prnperly appreciating the blessings
of rational freedom:
" 3. Fearlessly as this meeting proclaims to the world the
feelings by which they are actuated in common with their
fellow-men ; anxious as they ever 'will be to give those feelings
effect by a cordial co-operation with the British Parliament ;
they still feel it a duty incumbent upon them to declare, that all
unworthy or base appeals to the passions of the yet uneducated
Negroes can only retard, instead of promoting the benificent
views :of the Legislature, and that it is necessary that the
Negroes should be taught How very short-lived is that
liberty which comes hurried along by the hurricane of com-
motion, and which enthrones itself upon moral ruin.'
" 4. That it is the opinion of this meeting that the owners and
occupiers of the soil of the British West Indian colonies are so
much entitled to legislative protection as the owners and occu-
piers of the soil of (ireat Britain.
" 5. That this meeting relies upon the justice of Parliament,
trusting that in every measure which Mayherenfter be brought
forward in furtherance of ultimate emancipation, a due regard
will be had to vested and acknowledged rights ; and a convic-
tion of the justice and of the necessity of equitable indemnifi-
cation."

The CHAIRMAN.—Is this amendment seconded ? If it is, 1
shall, in the discharge of my duty, put it to the meeting : if
not, the same duty forbids me to put it.
There being no seconder, the amendment was not put.
Mr. J. TAYLOR thought the question of Negro emancipa-
tion alluded to by the mover of the amenditient did not regu-
larly come within the business of the day. He thought all those
details ought to be considered in the first instance by the Colo-
nial Legislature.
-Mr. CAMPBELL regretted the interruption which the mover
of the amendment had received ; and with respect to his allu-
sion to the final extinction of coercive labour among the Ne-
groes, he could assure him, that slavery had of late years be-
come stripped of its terrors, and, was passing gradually away
towards its conclusion when, 'he was sorry to say, the intempe-
rate friends of abolition, had, by their unwise and impolitic
conduct, arrested its'progress. He gave his cordial support to
the petition, and thanked the Gentlemen who had drawn it up.
Mr. JOHN FULLER said, that they had a pretty good ex-
ample of what was called " free labour" in St. Domingo,
where the Blacks had it famously, for there they could only
grow coffee and sugar enough for their own consumption : a
pretty thing that would be for the owners of British property
in the West India Colonies. He hoped the King would at
once ameliorate their interests by issuing a proclamation,
stating that it was not intended by, the Legislature to manumit
the slaves. .

The question upon the petition was then put,- and carried
with one dissentient negative.
Mr. MANNING entirely concurred in the object of the peti-
tion, in the awful crisis of West India afrairs, and moved that
the petition be presented to his Majesty by the Chairman, ac-
companied by such Members of both Houses of Parliament as
wished to attend on the occasion ; and by the agents of the West
India Colonies. . _

Sonic conversation arose upon this naode of presenting the
petition, as tending to delay, if a levee were not speedily held ;
and it was ultimately agreed, that the mode of presentation
should be left to the Chairman. Thanks were then voted to the
Chairman, and the Meeting dispersed.

LAW PROCEEDINGS.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, TrESDAY, FEU. 10.

THE KING V. THE STEWARD OF THE COURT LEET

OF PET EnSFI ELD.

Mr. GasELEE—My Lords, I am instructed to move your
Lordships for a rule calling upon Mr. Currie, the Steward of
the Court Leet of the Borough of Petersfield, to shew cause
way a Criminal .Information should not be filed against bird
for having misconducted himself at the Court holden in January
last. I was in hopes that I should not have had occasion ta
trouble your Lordships again on the subject of this Borough.
Your Lordships will be surpiesed to hear that notwithstanding
what fell from your Lordships on. the application against the
late Steward, the same course has been pursued, by selecting
for the Jury the greater part of the same persons se-
lected on the former occasion, and all of whom were stated to
be either the tenants or the dependents, or persons connecter
with the family of Mr. Jolliffe. Your Lordships were pleased
to enquire on that application, whether or no it was sworo
that there were other person's 'in the town who were eligible
whether the affidavits went quite far enough in respect of sheav-
ing that the persons present at the Court Leet, and who were
not nominated by the Steward, were at least in as good si-
tuation in life and as eligible as those who were selected...-.
My Lords, in the present affidavits are stated the names of A
great many gentlemen—the value of the estates they .respec•
tively possess, their situation in life, the length of time
during which they have been inhabitants of the Borougtt,
and that thought they have been for so many years resi-
dent in the Borough, they have never been, during all that
time, selected to serve upon the Jury; and in the course or
the last seven years the whole number of persons selected to
serve upon the Jury has amounted only to about forty.
many of whom have served four, five, and even six times during
that period.
Mr. Justice BAYLEY.—I believe they have duties beyond
the ordinary duties of beet Jurymen.
Mr. GAsEr.EE._They have the duties of Leet Jurytnere
and also the duty of returning the iylayor, w:to is the
Returning Officer for the Borough. I am afraid, my
Lord, it is necessary to call your Lordship's attentioir
to the Constitution of the Borough.—The Borough re-
turns 'Members to Parliament, and has done so as long ago
as we have been able to trace back.
Lord Chief Justice A nnovr.—Do your affidavits state that
you believe the selection to have been made for the purpose of
influencing the election of the Members to Parliament?
Mr. GAsE LE E.—Our affidavits state. that the persons mak-
ing them believe the selection to have been made for the pur-
-pose of influencing the election of the Mayor, who is the Re-
turning Officer for the Borough, for the purpose of thus sup-
porting the interest of Mr. Millie, who has been one of the
Members for many years past, and has nominated the other
Member ; it is stated, that only on
,two occasions, I think.
for 30 or 40 years the Town has had the pleasure of
seeing the
second Member. Perhaps I need hardly trouble your Lord-
ships with that which your Lordships have scarcely forgotten,
as to the constitution of this Borough.
Lord Chief Justice ABBOTT.—Oh, we arc aware of that.
Mr. GASELEE.—At a Court Leet, which was held on the
19th of January last, a Jury was sworn, and they, among
other business, returned the Mayor: I do not complain that
the nomination of the Jury was made by the Steward—that ha*
been ruled to be the practice ; hut I do complain of the selec-
tion made by the Steward. I will read to your Lordships, from
the affidavits, what passed upon the occasion-,this, IPY
Lords, although not the same Steward, is a Gentleman who
has been for years a clerk in the office of the persons who are
the Attornies for Mr. Jolliffe., who was present, taking great
pains in managing all .the proceedings that have hitherto takeP
-place in this Court and at the Assiies, who has had the man-
agement of all the concerns of Mr. Jolliffe in that Borough for
a considerable time, and who is therefore perfectly acquainted
With every thing that has taken place upon former occasions. Its
was present on the discussion of the rule, which your Lordships
will recollect was granted against the former Steward, and
whiCh was discharged after the trial which took place on the
quo evarranto. 1 fix therefore upon 1.1:.11 a knowledge of what
has passed, and of our objections to the persons who are so
constantly put on the Jury.
, My Lords, these affidavits state, that the last Conrt was held
on the lgth of January, when the following persons (naming
them), having been previously warned by the Bailiff of the
Court to appear by name, there were three persons in the
list who did not appear, in the room of whom the Steward
named four others, who appeared, and thereupon, together
with the persons who had been previously called and 012-
peered, were sworn in, and they elected a Mr. Blunt to 4:4e
the Mayor. Now, my Lord, an objection was made at than
time to the persons who were so selected and about .to
be
sworn in. It is sworn that there were at that time
a considerable number of persons in the Court; that the
Court was very full, but that notwithstanding the obla-
tion, the Steward swore in the persons who answered t°
their names when called ; that after they had been sworn the
Steward ordered the tythingmen to deliver in' their list of re:
slants which was called over, and the Steward then delivered
a charge to the Jury, and immediately adjourned the Court by
Proclamation for a quarter of an hour; that the Steward re-
mained with the Jury in the room during the whole time the
Court was cleared: that when the Court was re-opened, and
the usual Proclamation made, and the Jury re-sworn, the Fore-
man of the Jury delivered in to the Steward a written-pre-
nen tmen t.

Lord Chief Justice ABB 0 T T.—We need not go through the
formal proceedings.
Mr. GASE r.EE—" That the presentment was then read, bY
which it appeared, that Mr. William Blunt had been elected
Mayor of the Borough for the year ensuing. The deponents
then say, that they are well acquainted with the abovernentionea
M.Tni. Blunt ; that they have known him for many years ; that
he formerly carried on the business of a miller, baker, and meal-
man in the Borough ; that he hath frequently served on the Jury
of the Court Leet. and particularly that he served on the Juries
impanelled in the Court Leet, in January 1019, July 1819,
January 1820, January 1821, January 1822, and January
18`23;" therefore, my Lords, this Gentleman, who is now
Mayor, has been on the Jury'for the.last six years ; there was
only one Court holden in each year, except in .1819 when
there was a second court, on account of a. new election of a
Mayor becoming necessary, and then he was upon that also
that Mr. Blunt is a tenant under Mr. Hylton Jolliffe, of pro-
perty in the Borough of Petersfield, from the possession
of which he derives considerable profits; that Mr. Blunt,
at the election of members to serve in Parliament for the 'Bo-
rough of Petersfield, in 1620, represented himself to be a free-
holder in the Borough, and accordingly tendered his vote
for Mr. Jolliffe, and the candidate supported by him, upon
a freehold, which, it turned out afterwards, was a property be-
longing to Mr. Jolliffe, made over to him merely for the,.
purpose of enabling him to vote—that he attended during
the polling at the election in 1820, and assisted Mr,. Jolliffe's
party, and afterwards appeared as a witness for Mr. Jolliffe
before the Election Committee at the House of Commons ; that
a few years ago he became a bankrupt, and was indebted to
various persons in the Borough, in sums of money that had
never been paid, and that no dividend had ever been declared
on the account of his estate. • •

My Lords, they then go on to state, that they are• well a,
quainted with the various other persons mentioned. The first,
person named on the Jury is a person well known in this Court,
Mr. Meeres; he is the first person against whom the Court grant-
ed an information in the nature of a quo tharranto, and who, on
the Rule being made abeolute. against him, disclaimed `he i 5
now made foreman of the Jury, to secure the election of ill r•
Blunt the present Mayor. It isttated that Mr. Meeres is a fref -
holder of the Borough, and at the elections in 1818, and 1820,
voted for 111 r. Jolliffe, and the candidate who stood in his intere-'r,
and that he has on all occasions taken a most decided and active
part in the contests for the Borough in favour of Mr. JollifP•
and that at the election in March 1820, he provided 3.1 r. .I°l-
- party with ribbons or colours, which were worn by
them during the election ; and also, that tiering the elec-
tion] lie attended the poll and assisted in objecting to the
votes tendered for the Candidates who stood on the other
side ; that they verily believe that the said John Meeres Was
selected and nominated by the Steward of the Court Leet to
serve in the last Jury, and was appointed Foreman of the same,
because he well knew that Meeres would propose to the Jury,
or would use his influence with them to present such person
only to be the Mayor of the Borough, as was as a decided stir"
porter of the interest and influence of •Mr. Jolliffe, and who,
Would be subservient to his purposes in the Borough, and that
the said John Meeres would oppose the election of any other
person to the office.
My Lords, it appears in another affidavit, that Mr. Meeres
has been connected with the family of Mr. Jolliffe for a con-
siderable number of years : that there is a charitable establish-
ment in that town, called Churcher's College, of which Me'
Jolliffe has been for many years the Treasurer, and managing
Trustee ; that his father had been in that situation before hirl'•
Your Lordships therefore find Mr. Jolliffe's father in the sane
situation with the present Mr. Jolliffe, of Treasurer and Ins"
naging Trustee; and it is stated, that all the clothing for the
objects of that Establishment has been supplied by 1111i*
Meeres, proving therefore a long connection on his part wd
the Jolliffe family. There is an objection also to several of
the persons on this Jury, that they have bad their sons put to
this College under the auspices of Mr. Jolliffe. It is stated,
that " Thomas Shoell, William Hall, and William Mundy,
have, and each of them bath had one or more child or children
educated in this endowed school." Mr. Hylton Jolliffe is
the Treasurer, and your Lordship will see who the rear
