NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.

Mr. C. LLTSHINGTON presented petitions from Stirlingshire, from
Hampshire, from Ipswich, Framlingharn, Wickham Market, and other
places in Suffolk, for the immediate abolition of negro apprenticeship.
Lord CHARLES MANNERS presented a petition front the Clergy
of the Archdeaconry of Leicester, against several clauses in the Church
Pluralities Abolition Bill.

Colonel BUTLER presented a petition from a parish in the Queen's
County, praying for the total abolition of Tithes, Corporate Reform,
and Vote by Ballot.

Mr. VILLIERS presented two petitions front Wettenhall and ano-
ther place in the county of itafford, against slavery ; also a petition in
favour of the British Manufacturers' Protection Bill.

Mr. INGHAM presented a petition from seamen connected with the
Port of Tyne, complaining of the construction put o■ the Registration
of Seamen's Bill, which exonerated all masters and apprentices from the
contribution of is. a month for the Seamen's Fund, by which it was
rendered ♦ery poor.

Captain GORDON presented a petition from the Advocates of Aber.
deen against the Salmon Fisheries' Bill which was before the House.
Also one from the same place, praying for Post-office Reform, accord.
ing to the plan of Mr. R. Hill, on the basis of a penny rate ofpostage
throughout the country.
_ _ .

Mr: BAINES presented a petition from Berwick.upon-Tweed,
signed by the Mayor and many hundreds of the inhabitants, praying
for the immediate abolition of the apprenticeship system. The
Hon. Member presented similar petitions from Leeds and other parts
of Yorkshire. Also a petition from the West Riding of York, praying
for a modification of the Factory Bill.
Mr. BROCKLEHURST presented two petitions front Macclesfield,
one for the abolition of negro slavery, and the other against any addi-
tional endowment to the Church of Scotland.

Mr. WALL A CE presented a petition from the operatives of Greenock
against the Factory Bill. Also, a petition from the shipowners, mer-
chants, &c. of Edinburgh, complaining of the present mode of employ.
ing masters of ships without their being properly examined,
to the great risk of the loss of life and property. The Hon. Member
then presented three petitiOns from professional gentlemen in Cupar, in
favour of the Sheriffs' Courts Bill, and the other Law Rills introduced by
the Lord Advocate ; and three petitions praying for a reduction of the
rate of postage, and in favour of Mr Rowland Hill's plan.
Mr. G. W. WOOD presented a number of petitions from Staveley,
and other parishes in the county of Westmoreland—also one from
Lancashire, praying for the abolition of the system of negro appren.
ticeship on the Ist of August next.

Similar petitions were presented by Mr. M. PHILIPS, from con.
gregations in the borough of Manchester.

Mr. F. DUNDAS presented tour petitions from parishes in the Ork_
neys against the Highland School Bill.
NEGRO APPRENTICESIIIP.

Sir G. STRICKLAND presented several petitions for the itbelltiou

of negro apprenticeship; also petitions for reducing the hours of
labour for factory children.

Arr. BROTMERTON presented petitions for the abolition of negro
apprenticeship.

Colonel CONOLLY presented a petition from Donegal, against the
present system of education in Ireland.

Mr. EASTHOPE presented seven petitions from different parts of
Leicestershire, against negro slavery. Also a petition from Leicester

against the Corn Laws.

Sir F. POLLOCK presented a petition from the Minor Canons o
St. Paul's, praying to be heard in favour of their claims, and that their
rights may be protected in the Ecclesiastical Bills before the House.
Sir H. HARDINGE presented a petition from Launceston, pray-
ing for a Commission of Inquiry into the doctrines taught at May-
nooth, and praying that no further grant be made to that College.
On the motion of Mr. BAINES, the Wortley, Armsley, and Bramley
Roads Bill was read a second time and committed.

The Earl of Effingham's Estate Bill was read a second time and
committed.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER.
In answer to Captain PECHELL,
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said great improvements were in con-
templation in the Court of Exchequer, but it was not, that he was aware,
the intention of the Government to carry their improvements into Q treat
in the course of the present session_
