EVENING RDITUY

against the Egyptians; and this would give the fo rrner an
immense advantage. But how would Ibrehim Pac' Is act?
This is the question. He is at ti e pass of Mount NurtlN
near Tarsus, called Kuleck Boeoz, and if he, dig wood.
ing what occurs behind him, boldly march at ence i if 1/1
heart of Asia Minor, may we not have sailed
ately the 32,000 Russian troops said to be ready to e.esa.,
down the very instant they are wanted ?
We have had some changes here. Emin ref
Adrianople, is to come to Constantinople, and will, re ;me
say, be made commander of one of the corps to act -age islet
Ibrahim Pacha, whilst others think he will he mad* low
son-in-law to the Sultan. His place at Adrianople has
boon given to Hufai Pacha, late Inspector of Quarant
a man better known fur his capacity to drink wine the ato
do anything meritorious. He was, a few months ago,
Governor of Smyrna, under the name of Wig Aga ( Ms.
Grandfather), and was well known there for them), leit7
and devotion to the bottle. He got drunk whilst Rie Issted ers
administrators robbed the public right and left. het Pad a,
known for his brilliant defence of yarns in the last ere
has been made General of the Army of Reserve, conois s.
ing of militia and irregulars, stationed at Kaisserieh.
Tahir Pacha, the ex-grand Admiral, arrived here: e ‘t
week, and it is thought he will have a high post. heirs. ;no, e
of the very few distinguished individuals of the ernFire: ;
but he has not yet been nominated, and himself talks en'
soon returning to Aidin, his mushirlik. Narvik Pacha, f ore 0'
merly Ambassador to London, after having been tried in
diplomacy, in the fleet, in the army, in the quarantine, P nd
et the military council board, has at last found an emph ty-
meet which, it is supposed, is exactly suitable to him. He
has been made, what think you ? why noti:•ing leas ti tan
superintendent of the corps of military shoemakers I
I lately mentioned that a mission from Waaftcbis • gas
going to England. Colonel Campiniano, the amb:SCS"stor
from that principality, proceeds to• day for London,
Malta, Marseilles, and Paris. The gallant Colonel is a t
the head of the national party in his country, i. e. the party
opposed to the views of Russia, who is preparing every thing
with a view of ultimately incorporating into her vast empire
both Wallachia and Moldavia. He goes to Europe for
the purpose of endeavouring to open diplomatic re-
lations with England and France, seteese interests are
tied upon the fate of the principalities. It is probably
not known that in case of a war against Russia, they
could furnish immediately an army of 100,000 lighting
men, whilst they have already provided food nti.cient
for 400,000 men for three years ! These things are nut
generally known in England, and hereafter I will regularly
touch upon the subject, in the hope of being able to tterow
some useful light upon it. Suilice it in the meentlaee
that Ih t you know who Colonel Cempinisno is. He it
decidedly the most influential and one of the most opulent I
of the nobles of Wallachia; so highly is he esteemed its
his own country that lie is there known as the virtuous„
the incorruptible man. After the last rear, when Russia I
began to act in the provinces as a conqueror, rather than a
protector, his two brothers (who were patriots), by their
bold opposition to this tyranny, excited the jealousy and
hatred of the Russians who administered poison to them.
The elslest brother died immediately, and the meeraid
survived only to end his days as a maniac. The
present colonel was then so young that he WAS not
supposed to be dangerous, and either on that account
or from some lucky accident he was spared, Hannibal-like,
to swear eternal enmity to the fuss of his country, pro
has been a liberal patron of the arts, has created (it raay
be almost said) a national literature, has encouraged edu-
cation, shaken the foundations of slavery, opposed in every
way the Russian measures of the servile Prince Ghika,
who is a mere football kicked about at the goodwill and
pleasure of the Muscovite Consul-General. In a word,
the Colonel, after having nearly exhausted hie effoils
at home, where everything is prepa.ed for permanent ame-
liorations, now turns his steps towards Europe, where lie
will be able to prove, to the most prejudiced, that hie
country has claims of the soundeet nature to an existence
truly independent. An attempt was made by the Ruseiane
to stop him at Giurtova, on the Danubian frontier of Wel-
lechia ; but his popularity favoured his escape, and Ise
reached the Turkish territory in safety.
The new tariff is really in operation for the Reich and
English since the 13th inst., although there are still one
or two little matters respecting it which remain to be set-
tled definitely between the Porte and our Cabinet. The
Custom-house authorities have signified to the Ottoman
subjects that they do not participate in the benefit of the
treaty ; that while we pay two per cent. on introducing
imports for consumption, they are compelled to pay five
per cent. ; and whilst we pay nine per cent. on receiving
from the interior exports, they are to pay the old duties,
which amount from 12 to 20 per cent. This cannot last.
On the 16th the Capitan Pacha again went to the Dar-
danelles to look after the fortresses, and is not yet returned.
I hear that not only have the services of the English offi-
cers (Captain Walker excepted) been rejected, but that
Mr. Lyster and the American Captain Tyldon, officers
previously employed in the feet, have been dismissed I

HAN 0 VER.

By the proclamation of the 16th of February the govern-
ment plainly announced, that by the electing members for
the Diet, the corporations would dechre that they recog-
nised the constitution of 1819. Great interest was in con-
sequence excited to the new elections to supply the places
of those members who had resigned, or who, by a
recent proclamation, had been declared to bare re-
signed. Happily for the good cause, one of the wealthiest
and most civilized corporations of the kingdom, that
of the Marshes of Osterstade, Lehe, Stotel, and
Viehland, was the first in the Duchy of Bremen thst
was called together for the election. Governm►nt had
sent fur the purpose the fletmann Reilibold, from ihm-
melparten, as commissioner, though it had alwaiye
been the custom to charge the bailiff of the district weal:
this commission. This Reinhold, who has the reputation
of being a clever man, and a strict adherent of the Go-
vernment, ran about the country before the day of cit•etion,
to persuade the farmers not to re-elect their old member.
Not one of these brave fellows could be brought to rote
against their conscience, and received their old member,
Captain Bose, one of the steadiest leaders of the Oppozi-
tion, on the day of election, with loud and hearty
The following declaration was at the same time voted un-
animously:—" Called upon to proceed to a new election
by the Cabinet of his Majesty, in lieu of Captain Bose,
who, it is declared, has resigned, the assembled members
of this Corporation unt!nirnou.ly declara that they decidedly
approve of the behaviour of their said member in •.very
respect ; and that as, by the lately published declaration
of Government, they would, by proceeding to a new elec-
tion, be held to recognise the abolition of the law of 1833,
and the lawful existence of the Constitution of 1619, they
refuse to elect, and that they intend to live and die with
their good law of 1833."

LLOYD'S SH IPPING.-(T If ISDAY.)
DEAL, APRIL S.—Wind, E. N. E., strong bratzea.—Came
down from the Wver and proceeded, the Anna, Howiclr,
and Prince, M'Arthur, for Miramichi; Louisa; Baltic
Merchant; General Hewett, Sellers ; Regalia, Alexander;
Hector, Lawson; and Governor Ilsrcnurt, Etley, for
Quebec; Belemy Louisa, Bilboa ; Guigrelino, Mecato,
Naples. Pasted by, the Marmion. Harrison, Quebec.
Arrived and remain, the Hopkinson, Stevens, China.
Poicrsmourit, APRIL S.—Wind, E. N. E. to S. E.--
Arrived, the Persiano, Vianello, from Venice, fur Huil,
with loss of jibboom, bowsprit spring, and. having been in
contact with a steamer off Beachy Head ; Rienzi, Mortis,
Marseilles. Sailed, Gazelle, Tomlinson, Hobart Town.
Off port—Pomona, St. Michael's.

PLYMOUTII, ArRIL 7.—Wind East.—Arrived the Juno
steamer from Cork ; Hercules steamer, London. ON
port, the Plantagenet, Denet, from Calcutta; Millar's,
Forsyth, Sydney.

F,;nmouin, AVM, 7.--Wind S. E. to S. S. E., stung
breezes. —Arrived the Ghika, Hunter, from New
.Orleans,
with loss of jib boom, &c ; Ranger, Grey, Constantinople;
Poland, Ilannington, Marseilles ; Jesse, Harvey, Lisbon ;
St. Patrick, Edell, Liverpool; Juno, Woodcock, Newport,
with loss of foretopmast, &c. ; Trial, Trick, Aberavon,
with loss of anchor and cable, &e. ; Tagus steamer.
Leod, Lisbon.

--taw
FATAL ACCIDENTS IN TIIE STREETS.—The
Commissioners of Police have received a communication
from Mr. Wakley, the Coroner for Middlesex, in conse-
quence of the many serious and fatal accidents which Nava
lately occurred through children playing at large in the
streets. Mr. Wakley has submitted to the Commis.ioner.,
a plan for the formation of public play grounds in each
district on some vacant spot, and has promised to support
by all his interest any plan they may devise in furtherance
of so desirable an object.
FUNERAL Or LORD DE Ron. —On Thursday
last the remains of this nobleman were interred in the Ce-
rnetary, Kensal.green. The funeral was conducted in the
most private manner, and the only relative who attended
was Colonel De Ros, the brother of the deceased.
