HOUSE fiF Lutil,S; Zl.►ncrr 26.

The LORD CHANCELLOR having taken his seat,
Lord KING presented a petition, praying for the re-
moval of the duty on malt.
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented a petition, pray
ing for the better observance of the Sabbath.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from a
Scotch chapel in the Commercial-road, praying for the
better observance of the Sabbath, and others to the same
effect from other parishes in Middlesex.
The Earl of MORLEY presented a petition from
Plymoutb, praying their Lordships to pass a law for the
better administration of justice between debtor and cre-
ditor. Also petitions praying for the abolition of slavery.
A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from Arbroath, in
Scotland, praying for the better observance of the Sabbav
Lord RODEN presented a petition from the parish 01
St. George's, Dublin, against the Irish Church Reform Bill.
Also a petition from the Dean and Chapter of Elphin,
to the same effect. Also, a petition from a parish in
Caithness, against Church patronage in Scotland. Also, a
petition from the preshytery of Tyrone, in conjunction with
the synod of Ulster, praying for the better observance of
the Sabbath; and one from the town of Brecon, against
the present system of education in Ireland.
Earl FITZWILLIAM presented a petition from Rine
ston-upon-Hull, praying that the Jews might he relieve{
from the disabilities under which they laboured. Also
one to the same effect from the Jews of Kingston-upon •
Hull.

LAW AMENDMENT BILL.
The House having gone into Committee on the above
Bill, _ . .. .

The Earl of ELDON made a few observations which
were totally inaudible in the gallery. We understood him
to say, !hat he must enter his solemn protest against that
clause, which delegated to the Judges in Westminster
Hall the powers which Parliament possessed, and could
only legitimately exercise.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that the judges
bad recommended the total revision of the rules with
respect to special pleading, for the purpose of diminishing
expense and delay. If the judges once fell into error upon
any point of law,that error could only be removed by some
after enactment of the Legislature.
Lord WYNFORD said, that with every respect for
the Judges, and with every wish to have their assist.
ance in every matter of law, still he could not
consent that to them should he delegated the
power of making laws even for five years.—(Hear.)
If that House were to legislate now and to go wrong—it
it were found that the laws did not work well,
then the same power which had t rought them into
being could alter them.—(Hear.) In his opinion tl.e
proper course to be pursued tris this :—That the
judges should suggest, or make out a list of any alteration..
in the rates of Court which they thought was necessary,
that list to be laid before their Lordships ; it would
then be for that House, in their wisdom, to consi ler whe-
ther such alterations were necessary or not. The Noble
add Learned Lord then moved so amendment to that effect.

The LORD CHANCELLOR said if that principle
was adopted, no Noble Lord could rise in his place and
propose an alteration in the law, however good in principle,
without another Noble Lord getting up and saying,
have you got the direction of the Judge. for this altera-
tion? if the answer was no, than it would be, if
this principle was adopted, " would it not be better that
the House should wait till they say that the alteration is
necessary ?" The result would be merely giving to the
Judges that legislative power which the House was most
jealou. of parting with. It would give the Judges power
to say that an Act was not necessary, if they should con-
descend to say it should be introduced, they might say that
it ought not to go in this direction, but in that, which if
not mischievous, might render the measure nugatory. la
fact, it would be said to a Noble Lord introducing a mea-
sure, that you have " got your Bill, but where is your
• rtificate?"

Lord ELDON said, the Noble and Learned Lord had
said that he would not delegate to the Judges the power
of making any new laws, yet this very clause gave to them
the power, without the sanction of Parliament, to make
such alterations as they think proper.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that Ni.ble Lords
who had i eard the statement of the Noble and Learned
Lord, would be astonished to hear hita read the clans,
himself. The Noble Lord then read the clause, which
merely give power to the judges to make rules as to
special pleading.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said there was great objec-
tion to delegating to the Juoges, for the space of five years,
the powers proposed by this Bill. He thought it
would be most advisable other Judges should frame rules
and regulations and lay them before Parliament,
when it might interfere if it thought necessary, the rules
and regulations not to come into effect till six weeks after
they bad been laid before the two Houses.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that he must object
to any clause to that effect being inserted.
Lord WYNFORD said that this hill gave as complete
a power to the Judges to alter the law of the land as and
thing that could be imagined.
The House then divided upon the amendment of Lord
WYNFORD. when there appeared—

For the amendment
Against it
Majority in favour of Ministers
The LORD CHANCELLOR withdrew the clauses re-:
',sting to etecu'ions and compulsory arbitration.
The Earl of ELDON was gi id to see the compulsory
arbitration clause withdrawn. He had practised in the
Courts as Barrister, or Judge, or Chancellor for fitty years,
and he affirmed positively upon his experience that despii.
tism could not conceive a more arbitrary act than coin
pulsory arbitration. The Noble Earl also expressed hi
objections to some other clause in the Bill, but we were
unable to catch his remarks.

On the cl,mse making witnesses adinis4ible aq evidence
who w.re interested only on account of a residue being
proposed,

L rd WYNFORD expressed a wish that the clause
should be struck out. The law, as it stood, had been in
force fur a century, and free from censure. If the omis-
sion of the clause was objected to, he should move a pro-
visa modifying the clause.
The proviso was proposed and adopted.
The (viler clauses having been gone through, the Houst
resume I, and the report was ordered to be received to-
morrow.
Lord WYNFORD (in consequence of the continued
absence of Lord Lyndhurst upon circuit) postponed his
motion for certain amendments of the law until Tuesday
next.
Their Lordships adjourned at half-past seven.

REPEAL OF THE MALT DUTY.—The
petition upon this subject, ~greed to at the las' meeting (if
the Fat ii,ers' ki.ociatittn for the county and ide, has a
ready been signed by nearly 300 of the principal landed
proprietors and farmers in the neighbourhood.— Com
bridge Chronicle.
