CANADA.

The following is a copy of the address to Sir John
Colborne, which is now in the course of being signed '
by the Loyalists of this city. It presents a strange
contrast to the " Gosford manifestations :"
TO HIS EXCELLENCY SIB. JOHN COLBORNE, &C. &C.
May it please your Excellency,
We, her Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects,
inhabitants of the city of Montreal, beg leave to ap-
proach your Excellency with sentiments of the highest
respect, and to assure you of our unfeigned regret at
your approaching retirement from the government of
this colony.
We should be wanting in justice and gratitude to
your Excellency were we to forbear to acknowledge
that if we have escaped the calamities that in the late
times of trouble and commotion have afflicted the
families of many of our less-favoured fellow-subjects, we
owe it chiefly, under Divine Providence, to your mili-
tary skill and energy, to your promptitude in discon-
certing the machinations of the disaffected, and to your
unceasing vigilance and anxious solicitude for the pro-
tection of our persons and property.
It has fallen to the lot of your Excellency to preside
over this province at a period of unparalleled difficulty,
when industry anti enterprise languished, and our consti-
tutional rights were suspended ; yet with the limited
means placed at your disposal you have given an im-
pulse to agriculture and commerce—you have caused
many useful and salutary laws to be enacted—and en-
couraged and sanctioned the establishment and support
of several humane and benevolent institutions.
Though the intimate connection that has long sub-
sisted between your Excellency and the provinces of
Upper and Lower Canada is about to be severed, yet
we feel satisfied that your anxiety for their welfare will
remain undiminished.
We, therefore, cherish the hope that when her Ma-
jesty's Government shall submit to tha Imperial
Parliament the important measures which they
have determined on, of the union of the two
pros inces, your Excellency will contribute your
valuable advice and recommendation to carry it
into effect, and that you will aid in maturing and per-
fecting such other measures for their future good go-
vernment as may seem to you best calculated to ensure
their permanent tranquillity, and make them a valuable
appendage of the British empire.
On taking leave of your Excellency we beg to be per-
mitted to offer our sincere wishes that yourself, Lady
Colborne, and your family, may have a propitious voy-
age to England ; that you may there receive the honours
and reward due to your long and faithful services to
your Sovereign and country, and that you may for
many years be blessed with uninterrupted health and
happiness. —Montreal Herald, October 11.
Major Hail, who is on the staff of the new Governor-
General, came passenger in the Liverpool steamer. He
arrived in Montreal on Saturday, and left last night for
Quebec, there to await the arrival of the Pique.—
Montreal Gazette, October 15.

We, should,. have supposed, a priori, that the
whole community would have been deeply afflicted
at hearing of the mad outbreak in Wales. The
evidence it affords of deep dissatisfaction existing
in large masses of the community, easily excited
into acts of violence, which, though once and again
put clown, may be expected once and again to recur,
is more calculated to till every reflecting man with

alarm and dread than with satisfaction. Neverthe-
less, there runs through the columns of vitupera-
tion of the Ministers, which the Standard and the
Herald have poured forth on this occasion an over-
flowing spirit of satisfaction more akin to savage
exultation than sorrow and alarm at such a state
of the country. It is scarcely our business to de-
fend the Ministers on this score ; for of all the
London Press we alone ventured to object to the
prosecutions of the Chartists—we alone pleaded
for the misguided men--we alone supplicated for
mercy to those whom we knew to be hoest and
upright, but politically very wrong, a
nd we alone
believe
we
of all the London Press will now, ,
venture to hint, that had LOVETT and COLLINS
been pardoned, and had VINCENT and PO WELLS
and their fellows in Wales, been treated with more
of the generous spirit of Whig forbearance than
of the brutal iron heel of Tory coercion, the pre-
sent outbreak would never have occurred. The
blessed influence of mercy and kindness over the
human heart has never yet been fathomed ; they
have been too seldom tried ; but we have a thorough
conviction from some knowledge of the class of men
who are now, as it were, in arms against the Govern-
ment that had the mercy and kindness we advocated
been exhibited to men whose chief crime is an enthusi-
astic attachment to liberty, the wish of Mr. FROST
to excite an insurrection would have been nipped in
the bud. What the Chartists now say—what
doubt Mr. FROST and his friends thought, after
seeing Messrs. LOVETT, and COLLINS, and VIN-
CENT, consigned to gaol for offences which
they regarded as virtues, is that "it is
better for us to die at once, on the bayonets
of the soldiers, than be exposed, for speak-
ing our minds and claiming our rights, to drag
out our existence in Warwick gaol." So that
the punishment against which we pleaded may be
said to be the parent of the present outrages. On
account, therefore, of our differing in opinion from
the Ministers on this point, we may not be called on
to undertake their defence, but we cannot see them
abused by the Tories for not being Tory enough,
when it is plain that their Toryism is partly the
cause of the evil, without saying what we know to
be true in their behalf.

The Standard and the Herald would make it
out that the present insurrection is caused by the
example set by the Whigs in carrying the Reform
Bill by an appeal to the masses. According to
them the reverence for law was so intense in the
hearts of the people before 1830, when the Whigs
came into office, that riots were unknown. If they
do not mean this, all their tirades are sheer
nonsense. The fact, however, is, that the
authority of the law was as little or
less respected before 1830 than since, and was
in many cases only obeyed, and political order—
which, in our apprehension, is different from social
order—was only preserved, by keeping down the
people by force. To say nothing of Ireland, which
till 1830 was a scene of perpetual insurrection and
perpetual massacre, to vindicate the authority of the
law, the Whigs found the people in the southern
counties in a state of almost general insurrection.
Parties consisting of several hundreds were tramp-
ing through Kent, Sussex, and Hampshire, setting
all law and all authority at defiance, while barns
and homesteads were blazing all around. That
scene continued for weeks and months ; it was not
suppressed, like the riot at Newport, on the first ap-
pearri.-c, cc th:o
tear- years ouiy prior to that we had the bloody
massacre of Peterloo, which is distinguished, let us

EVILNING
that
Armed

tell the Herald, from the present outrage,
being n %,anton attack of the authorities on un,
and peaceable men, while this is a totally unj, 'lsfiable attack by the people on the Magistrates a 11'
a
the authorities. At the same time the gatherint
of the people at Peterloo, and their atzsembling a 4
Bonniemuir, with an avowed intention to improve
or overturn the law, fully proves the Sunda hen of
that reverence for the law which the rd and
Herald affirm to be the offspring of the rule of the
Whigs. Before the affair at Peterloo, the Lud-
dites distracted the country, setting all Jaw at defi-
ance, inflicting much injury on property,
and re-
quiring the terrror both of the soldiery and the

gallows to subdue them.
Coming to the metropolis we had before- 183°
the Spa-fields riot, the breaking open gun-sm iths'
shops, the THISTLEWOOD conspiracy, and sun arY
disgraceful outrages, which we defy the Tories t. 4
match since 1830. The Standard, indeed, speak .5
of Pall-mall having been for a whole day occupied
by ten thousand Radicals, who set an example
of decorum, let us add, that might shame many
of the
idle loungers whose exclusive privilege the Stand-
ard appears to regard it, to occupy the streets of
the metropolis. Before the THISTLEWOO D con-
spiracy we had the DESPARD rebellion, se'
that
insurrections of one kind or another, begin in
defiance of the law, were certainly as come "11
and as deplorable before 1830 as Ae
have been since. If the Whigs are to be blame, L
because the Welsh are discontented, and essay tle
mend their condition by a foolish appeal to arms:•
then must the Tories be deserving of all reprobation,
because the Luddites broke machinery, and be-
cause the peasantry of the south of England corn-
mitted outrages in 1830.
It is not enough, however, to defend the
Whigs : we say that the Tories are the authors of
these outrages. Their whole system is one of op-
pression, of outrage, and insult to the people,
brutalizing them by constrained ignorance and
barbarous, sanguinary punishments. They set the
example of attaining their ends by violence, and
the Chartists, as we have' continually said, do but
act on Tory principles, and follow tie Tory lead'
We have, however, a heavier charge still to make
against the Tories. They began the fatal scheme
of governing in spite of the popular will, and coo'
ceding to an apprehension of a popular outbreak,
as in 1828, 1829, and 1832, that which theyhe
resolutely denied to justice. What have the y e
since ? Unable then to resist, they have
never-
theless continually thwarted all attempts to do
tice to the people, and are the real causes of that
wide-spread discontent, of which the outrage at
Newport is an alarming sign. They have both re'
fused and opposed those further organic improve-
ments, which would have kept alive hope in the
bosom of the people, and they have refused those
economic improvements, which would at least
have filled their bellies, and given them the
contentment of animal enjoyment. They have
both acknowledged the people's power, and have.
continually insulted, oppressed, and goaded them
into outrage. As long as they maintain the scoun-
drel Corn-laws, setting an example of most flagi-
tious robbery, and most villanously starving the
people—(we must be permitted to speak plainly when
the dearest interests of humanity and the sacred
cause of truth are at stake)—so long shall we charge
them with being the
arise from the discontent of the
and outrages which
<wk.
-molar

r --L
Nobody who sees how the Horse Guards are
managed can be surprised at the conduct of Cal.
THOMAS. A Tory General is kept in the eon-
mend of the army, and all the persons who stir"
round him, and possess the whole patroilage
of the army, are Tories. To profess Toryils°4
therefore, is a passport to favour. It ItnaY
be ithought even to recommend those who (pro'
fess it to the Ministers themselves, for theY
do honour to Toryism in the Commander-ity;
Chief and in Lord FITZROY SOMERSET. ..16s
long as Ministers encourage and honour it at
the Horse Guards, they may expect that it
will be rampant in the army." For the exhibition of
Col. THOMAS, therefore, and his like, the
ters have themselves to blame ; and till they root
out Toryism from the Horse Guards they may
pect to see it pervade the army.
Col. THOMAS, we admit, went far beyond the
ordinary run of the soldiers. e appeared at
hit.
a
meeting of operatives, who received each man
dinner for attending, in order to countenance ant
attack on the Ministers, though he commands the.:
forces in the neighbourhood. A most intemperate,
attack was made on the QUEEN, and Colonel
THOMAS expressed satisfaction. The neighbour-
hood abounds with Chartists, and in the midst of
them Colonel THOMAS applauded an attack on her
MAJESTY and her Ministers. He wished, probably,
to show how easily they could be insulted and how
weak they are to inflict vengeance. He set an
example to others who will be severely punished at
the instigation of Tory scribes under a Tory law, if
they should be as abusive of the Court as Mr.RoBY• •
Some of the Tory Journals complain that soldiers =
are not now allowed, without incurring the censure.
of the Whig Press, to take part in political meet'.
ings. We hope never to see the day when soldiers
shall be denied the privileges of citizens. We do nt
thel
censure them for being politicians but for being ha
politicians. By avowing principles of despotism
bring the army into disgrace. They hold it
up to the nation as the instrument of tyranP:('
and make it deservedly hated. The Tories sl
contending for intolerance, for the slavery
tho masses, for the supremacy of the idle fell'
for the maintenance of the power of priesteraft;
the,
they arc a miserable faction arrayed against
best interests of ti nation and of mankind, and lie
blame Col. THOMAS his like for sacrificing his.
country to the interest of this miserable faction.
ri•
At the same time, if officers and soldiers were 11°
found fault with for being politician;';
strictly according to Tory principles. During theliL
reign, for an officer to attend a Radical meLtting It
er
that would ber
a sure method to get dismissed from the service' of
be debarred from promotion. Then the Tori es slid'
that the soldiers had nothing to do with-. 0.1
laws but enforce them—nothing to do with the j
Government but receive its pay and 01 1 jel
its orders. Now, when an officer sits and applia °f
an an insult to the QUEEN, they, heartily approve
soldiers being politicians, and condemn the Whil
Journals, which, not denying to them the right
ent
even the duty to 'form political opinions, fern
that the opinions of Colonel 'fHomAs should`
ba
see it
inimical to the public happiness. He supPe
consistent with his duty to be the partisan of
defeated though struggling faction, and in that c.a-
acity to p MAJESTY, whose servant
P he
ermit her t
t P
is, to be insulted in his presence. The Army is Ife
yet the Army of the nation, it is nominellY ,
QUEEN'S Army, and by that, the Tory principle,
we shall bold the officers to their duty.
We will not dwell on the subject, because we
place.
believe that an official investigation will take
We shall only say, that till the Whigs place som.e
decided friend of their own at the Horse Guards, SO
RONALD FERGUSON for example, they will deserve to
When
find a Colonel THOMAS in every regiment.
Sir RonERT PEEL grasped at the Government ia
May, he would not retain it, because he had not, by
being allowed to dismiss her MAJESTY'S House,-
hold, the appearance of enjoying her MAJESTY 3
full confidence. Lord MELBOURNE has her
MAJESTY'S full confidence
but, so far as oreh Aral
is concerned, he appears not to have it,
not to
dare to ire it. He is nr,t the maste, of the
T
I Army, but exercises her MAJESTY'S power o
t _
that, under the direction, and for behoof of
h
