noble and manly independence with base and
abject servility ?"
We quite agree in much of this ; but which is
the House of ignorance, incapacity, selfishness,
and servility ? and which the House of know-
ledge, talent, and independence ? The question
was answered a little lower down, where we met
the following astounding announcements :
" The confidence of the intelligent and reflecting
part of the nation is now placed almost exclu-
sively in the House of Lords. If we escape the
vortex of revolution, and retrace our steps to a
balanced constitutional system, in which all legi-
timate interests may find their just representa-
tion, it will be only under Providence, through
the virtue and wisdom of that augtist assem-
bly." What confidence the intelligent and
reflecting part of the nation May be in.
dined to place in the Duke of \YELLING.
TON, who declared that no reform was wanted,
in Lord ELLENBOROUGH, more celebrated for
the outward than inward decorations of his head,
because both join with the slave owner, Lord
HA REWOOD, in finding fault with the Govern-
ment plan of negro emancipation, and not ven-
turing to propose a better, may be sufficiently
judged of by the little confidence which the least
intelligent of the nation place in them. Those
who have the use of two eyes are not less likely
to observe the striking merits of these Noblemen
than the men who have only one. Our Con-
temporary (it is almost needless to say we
allude to the Morninp, Post, the monopolizer
of morning bigotry) may depend upon it there are
few indeed who do not fully appreciate the
obligations they are under to the House of
Lords. This wise and patriotic assembly,
would, if it dared, throw out the plan proposed
for the abolition of slavery, under the pre-
tence that the slaves are not yet fit for free.
dom. Lord SUFFIELD admirably answered
this assertion of the Duke of WELLING-
TON and his party. He said, "He was sure
that their Lordships would all agree that whe-
ther fit fur freedom or not, the slave was pre-
pared to take it, if their Lordships were not pre-
pared to give it. His intelligence had increased
much of late years, in spite of the various ob-
stacles which his master had created to prevent
his attaining any; and it was now impossible to
keep him from freedom ; so that in giving him
that which they could no longer withhold, Mi-
nisters had not only acted wisely but humanely."
This is the real state of the case, and although the
Duke of WELLINGTON may dream of putting
down the blacks by the bayonet, and Lord EL-
LENBOROUGH suggest plans for yoking the wild
with the tame ones, they may depend upon it
that emancipation must be immediate. To talk
of leaving the matter in the hands of the colo-
nists, after the experience we have had of their
conduct, is absurd. If the planters are de-
prived of the opportunity of doing the deed
of grace themselves (which is the present
complaint), it is their own faults. They
have had abundance of such opportunities, and
have refused to avail themselves of them. Even
were Parliament now to stop short, and leave
the Colonial Legislatures to do every thing
necessary to carry emancipation into effect, the
most ignorant of the negroes would not fail to
see that the act was not voluntary, but one of
compulsion. This mortification is the in-
evitable result of the past conduct of the
planters, and they may congratulate them-
selves that the consequences have not been
worse. The seed they have sown well entitled
them to reap a more fearful harvest. Owing to the
slovenly manner in which the business of the
House is conducted, it was impossible for the
Reporters to agree upon what became of an
amendment moved by the Duke of WELLING-
TON, to strike out of the education clause the
words introduced by Mr. BUXTON—" upon
liberal and comprehensive principles." The
Times says the words were struck out ; but the
other papers say they were not. It would be con-
venient, perhaps, for " this wise and.patriotic As-
sembly" to condescend to transact its business in
a way somewhat snore intelligible than it does at
present. It is rather curious that the Bishops,
who mustered a few nights back in such strength
when the object in dispute was a party, political,
and worldly one, should, last night, when the
question was one most becoming Christian mi-
nisters to take an interest in, all go to bed. Two
or three showed themselves in the course of the
evening, but by 11 o'clock only one was left to see
whether the slaves should be instructed in reli

gion upon " liberal and comprehensive princi-
ples," or not. Is it possible that the Reverend
Legislators vacated their seats in order to avoid
offering to the nation the scandalous spectacle of
their voting in favour of the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON'S amendment ?

There have been two meetings of Bishops
during the week. At one of them the KING's
letter was taken into consideration ; and we un-
derstand, that although it excited the ire of the
Right Rev. Prelates, it is likely to produce the
intended result.

Lord WHA RNCLIFFE and Sir ROBERT PEEL
are said to have expressed themselves very warmly
against all attempts to turn out Ministers at the
present moment, there being little prospect of the
Tories remaining long in office, unless the way
can be better prepared for their accession to it.

It will be recollected, perhaps, by our readers
that after the defeat of Mr. HUME'S motion to
abolish flogging in the army, except for drunken-
ness on guard, theft, and mutiny, we stated that
we had reason to believe his Majesty's Go-
vernment intended themselves to make an
arrangement that would meet the wishes of the
supporters of the motion. It will be seen by the
report of the proceedings in the House of Com•
mons last night, that our announcement was cor-
rect. The only other matter of much interest in the
short sitting of the House, was the Government
consenting to adopt the proposition of Sir R.
PEEL, to begin the taxation of the incomes of
the Clergy at 300/. instead of 2001. per annum.
In a pecuniary point of view, the matter is of
trifling consequence ; but we must confess that
we do not like this coquetting between Sir R.
PEEL and the Government.

We are glad to find that the Gravesend Pier
Bill was read a third time, and passed the
House of Lords last night.

It was stated yesterday, in an Evening paper,
that a courier had arrived from Constantinople,
bringing accounts of the withdrawal of the Rus-
sian troops from Constantinople, with the excep-
tion of one regiment. We find, upon inquiry,
that no courier from Constantinople has arrived
at the Foreign-Office, and we have reason to
