ERCANTI L SIIIPPIING.

DEAr., FEB. 14.—Wind N.Nir. light airs and foggy.—Came
down from the River and remain the Cosmopolite, Storey, for
Trieste ; Express, Willis, for Gibraltar ; Diana, Baurie, for
Teneriffe ; and the George, Betts, for Sierra Leone. The
Honourable Company's ships Inglis, Scaleby Castle and Kent,
with troops for India, still remain.
Powr, smou'rit, FEB. 14.—Wind S.E.—Arrived his Ma-
jesty's ship Camelion, with the Endymion smuggling lugger,
laden with spirits ; Coromandle, Boyes, from the Downs for
Madras. His Majesty's ship Boadicea and Samarang, went
out of harbour this day, the former for the East Indies. Sailed
the Skelten, Carroll, for New Orleans; Henry, Westmorland,
for Demerara ; Kingstone, Luckie, for Jamaica ; and Sarah,
Misne, for the Cape of Good Hope.
FALMOUTH, FEB. 13.—Wind S.S.E.—Arrived the Zepher
packet, Lieut. Church, from the Leward Islands, sailed from
St Thomas the hith January, reports that every one in the
Islands were much alarmed in consequence of the non arrival of
the Merchant ships—only three having arrived, and had 70
days' passage.
LIVERPOOL, FEB. 13.—Wind variable, light winds.—
Arrived the Josephine, Manlave, from La Guayra, sailed the
7th of January, left the Columbian Packet, Jones, discharge
ins ; Urania, Reynolds, from Buenos Ayres, sailed the 12th of
December; Mandarin, Berry, from Baltimore; Hope, 111‘Gaa,
from Bonny ; Witham, Dunn, from Odessa; James, Salter,
Domingo.
PLYMOu 1 , FEB. 13.—Wind 6.70 ff the port the Robert
from
-1
Savannah ; Robert Ray, Macaio ; and the
Nymph, Veowood, from St.
Edwards, from Charleston ; William and Henry, —,
from Alexandria ; and the Sarah, —, from Bilboa.

Off Portland the Iris, Ferries, from Pernambuca.
The Letitia, Tennant, from Riga to Belfast, was driven on
shore near Stromness the 27th ult.
The Relief, - from Glasgow to Belina, was driven on
shore at the Isle of Islay the 2d instant.
The Euphemia, Robson, of Sunderland, has been abandoned
by the crew off the Texel.

The Lord Bishop of PETEnuonouGn, upon the
Presentation of the Right Honourable Earl POMFRET, insti-
tuted, on the 3d Instant, t.he, Rev. PETER FELIX, Curate of
Chelsea, to the Vicarage of baston Neston, Northamptonshire.

The Paris Papers of Saturday are filled with
the Debate in the Chamber of Deputies on
Fri-
day last, when the report of the Committee on
the indemnity to the emigrants was presented by
M. PitanEssus. This document begins by a his-
tory of the confiscations of property in 1790 and
1792. After the law against the emigrants was
passed in 1792, two modes of procuring the con-
fiscation of the estates of the Royalists were re-
sorted to—either the party was put on the list of
emigrants, and thus his property was forfeited as
a matter of course, or he was condemned by
other laws equally violent, when those against
emigration could not reach him. It would be the
duty of the State, if possible, to repair every act
of rapacity 'practised by the violent and unjust
Executive Authorities, which so rapidly suc-
ceeded each other during the revolution ; but as
such an undertaking would be impossible, the
Government of the Bourbons had selected the
confiscation of. landed property as the most re-
volting measure of iniquity, and most definite
subject of indemnity. Grounding its reasonings
on this principle, the Committee proceeded to
examine the Ministerial project. In the course
of its examination, it discovered several defects in
the law, and suggested some essential amendments.
The first article proposed to allow thirty millions
of Rentes, or so much of that sum as might be
required,to answer the demands of the claimants of
indemnity as they should be brought forward and
verified. This wording of the article the Com-
mittee preferred to that of the Ministerial pro-
ject, which proposed a capital sum, instead of its
value in rentes. The second article, which fixed
the mode of estimating the value of the property
for which indemnity was to be granted, had been
the subject of much discussion, and led to con-
siderable differences of opinion in the Committee.
Two questions occurred on this subject ; first,
ought indemnities to be liquidated and paid to
the amount ascertained ; or, secondly, ought the
indemnity to be limited to 30 millions of renter,
however much the loss of property exceeded that
sum ? The Committee, enlightened by the ex-
planations and declarations of the Minister of
Finance, decided on the hitter part of the
alternative. This point being fixed, the real
difficulties attending the execution of the
measure began to appear. As a limited sum
is to be apportioned to the satisfaction of unlimit-
ed claims, it does not seem easy to discover a
basis of distribution which will be equally satis-
factory to all the claimants. On this subject the
Reporter mentions that the Committee had de-
parted from the Ministerial project. The most
important amendment which the Committee has
introduced into the project refers to the agents to
be appointed for verifying the claims of the emit
grants and distributing a corresponding indemnity.
M. de Villele had proposed to forma Commission
of Ministers of State and Masters of Request for
this office. The Committee thinks that the designa-
tion of the Members of the Commission interferes
with the exercise of the Royal prerogative ; and
therefore propose to cancel this provision entirely,
The Ministers will therefore obtain from the Crown
that nomination which they are refused from the
Chamber. When the Reporter had concluded his
labours, thirty Members inscribed their names to
speak on, and twenty-three against the law ; and
the President then proposed that the discussion
should be fixed for Thursday next. AL CAST-
pERR/Eu. moved that the Chamber should
adjourn till Monday next, and strongly objected
to a demand of a thousand millions to indemnify
the emigrants, before the Budget or any docu-
ments were presented to afford proof of the abi•
to support such an extraordinary
was
the more necessary to have
elixtypeonfd
itt'urraen. It
c e
satisfactory information on the point, as, from
what he had observed in the debates of the Eng-

I fish Parliament, the Chamber could not divest
I itself of the fear that other calls of an extraordi-
Inary nature would be made on the national
re-
sources for the support of the national honour.
M. At thede beginningv i i
iee,
, beforeof the
t session)two years ago,
commencement of
the Spanish campaign) had said that France had
DO alternative but war—that she must either
the
attack the Spanish Constitution on the south, or
defend it on the north. Now, since the Holy Al-
Hance were equally pressing for a crusade against
' South American independence, had he not equal
reason to say that we must fight on the shores of
Colombia, or on the banks of the Rhine ? To this
questiorr M. DE VILLELF. replied, that the 'Cham-
ber would not be called upon to vote away the
indemnity in the dark—that the budget would be
laid before it on Wednesday, and that the mem-
bers would thus see the possibility of execut-
ing this great act of justice, without injuring
national credit. As for the alarms of war which
had been alluded to, there was no reason. for en-
tertaining them. The KING had declared from the
throne, at the commencement of the session, that
lie maintained the most friendly relations with
his neighbours, and nothing had since occurred
which had not then been foreseen. The Chamber
might, therefore) vote the indemnity without
any fear that any extraordinary call would be
made upon its finances to support a war which
nothing at present rendered of probable occur-,
rence. M. BENJAMIN COKSTANT supported the
adjournment to Alonday, on nearly the same
grounds as its mover ; but the Chamber tilti=
mately rejected the amendment) and the original
motion was carried.

Dutch Papers of the 12th instant, which ar,
rived this morning, are filled with the most dis-
tressing details of the damage done by the late
flood, which has been attended with the loss of
many lives. Very large sums have been sub
scribed for the relief the sufferers.

Hamburg!) Papers of the Bth instant furnish
still more lamentable accounts of the effects of
the flood on the banks of the Elbe, particularly
on the Hanoverian coast, where several dikes
were washed away, and a great many people
were overwhelmed by the waves in the district
of Kehdingen, Hadeln, Warshen, &c. The town
of Ritzebuttel was inundated on the 3d, as well
as the surrounding country, which presented the
appearance of a vast lake. The work of de-
vastation here eqUals the melancholy disasters of
November last on the Upper Rhine, and at day=
break on the 4th the prospect was frightful. The
bathing-house and its appurtenances were in
part, and whole warehouses entirely, washed.
away. Ships that were on the stocks were turned
keel upwards, others were thrown on the strand,
or entirely carried away, and the foundation of
the light-house was seriously injured. It does not
appear that any of the inhabitants were lost, nor
are there any fears of a famine, notw►thstand►ng
the momentary distress is very great, and almost
all the cattle have been drowned. The accounts
from Uetersen mention that all the dikes as far;
as Gluckstadt were broken through, and that in
the marsh-lands some of the inhabitants had pe-
rished, but the majority had saved themselves on
the roofs of their houses. the district called
the Vierlander, situate a few miles above Ilam.
burgh o❑ the banks of the Elbe, and one of the
most fruitful and opulent in the country, is under
water. It is feared that the crops of corn in the
ground are quite spoiled, and that the land Can-,
not he drained and rendered fit for sowing corn
in the springs

Charleston Papers to the 16th Sanitary were
received this morning, from which we extract the
following article

NEW ORLEANS, DEC. SO.—At the rriciment we were about
putting our Paper to press, we learnt that a letter had been re-
ceived from the Havannah, stating that a Colombian squadron.
of twelve sail, under the command of Commodore Beluche,
had arrived lately before that port, and there established their
cruize. The letter adds, that a number of Spanish vessels are
equipping for the purpose of giving battle to the Colombian
fleet,—( Charleston Courier, Jun. 1 5.)

e-

‘;111E LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Esfractsfrom the Morning Papers,Feb. 15, 1825.

"MORNING citaositer.E.]
It:Ve learn with extreme regret that, notwith-
standing the language held in the House of Com-
mons by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the
arrangements for augmenting the Army are ac-
greater extent than has
tively proceeding to a
been hitherto supposed. Five thousand men
were raised for new regiments last year, and the
further ley'res are now estimated at nesrly 20,000
men. Twenty auxiliary corps, or divisions of
four companies each, amounting to six thousand
men, are also destined to form extra recruiting
depots, according to the system resorted to for
,aisimg men during the extraordinary pressure of
the recruiting service in the last war. We re-
cently furnished the Public with an outline of
the intended augmentation, which has been fully
verified by facts that have since transpired, and,
indeed, by the admission of some of the Ministers.
We then observed, that if they wished to stand
justified in the eyes of the country, they must
Le prepared with strong reasons far the adoption
of such extraordinary measures. As yet nothing
satisfactory has been attempted. The Burmese
avaihas been mentioned, hut any person who will
lake the pains to consider the details, will find that
the share allotted to the Burmese service is really
5000 at the utmost; and,in giving these, Mi-
31isters have manifested an inclination to exceed the
requisitions made to them by the Company, as is
hell known by the Directors. Besides, it will,
be observed that after_ providing for that rein-
forcement, every regiment of the line, not on the
India Establishment, is to be augmented. And
then comes the systetn of extraordinary recruiting
parties, and concentrated dep6ts, to which a con-
siderable portion of these very levies is to be ap-
propriated, as if some strange necessity, seen or
imagined by Ministers, were not, even now, to
be considered as sufficiently provided fur,
but as if they felt themselves warranted in re-
sorting to such a distribution of this addi-
tional force as will convert it into a powerful
instrument for obtaining readily a still further
increase. The Chancellor of the Exchequer
talks of disappointing people by some statement
on the subject. Unhappily we have prepared
ourselves for disappointment—not in hearing the
augmentation desired, but in witnessing an appli-
cation to Parliament for defraying the expellees.
We are so prepared, because we know that neither
the Right Hon. Gentleman nor his agents will
venture to assert that the measures in question
are not in agitation, and almost brought to the
door of Parliament.

[narrisn enEss.l
Every day brings fresh accounts of the suc-
cesses of the Greeks ; they have acquired new
strength by every victory, but they prudently
manifest their moderation in every step of their
progress. They feel that the stronger they be-
come the more safely they can afford to be just.
Power makes the Turk revengeful ; he values it
only as it enables him to wreak his vengeance :
the Greeks regard it as the means of establishing
their recovered freedom on a firm and solid ba-
sis, and to this end they employ it. The Chiefs
are united, and they join in putting down -all fac-
tibnary movements. They are convinced—and
they know it from experience, which is the best
of instruction, that the more power is multiplied
in evil hands, the more it is depraved. Des-
potism presents one tyrant—democracy a mil-
lion. In all their changes, therefore, they
will seek to combine their political inde-
pendence with just laws, and with that social
order which has its origin in good government.
The establishment of such a Government, admi-
nistered on liberal principles, rising up in the
neighbourhood of the Allied Sovereigns, is, no
doubt, matter to them of uneasy contemplation.
That their vassal subjects should have, as it were,
in the midst of them, the example of an oppress-
ed people recovering their ancient freedom, and
breaking the fetters of a dreadful slavery by
their own unassisted strength, is an electrifying
sight, and carries with it a danger that is not con-
fined to the dominions of the Ottoman Porte. A
revclution in the .Turkish Empire may be consi-
dered as the tin-avoidable consequence of the
emancipation of the Grecks ; but the downfal of
this. barbarous structure is connected with causes
so certain in their issue, that the event, whenever
it happens, .will very little, if at all, disturb the
repose of Europe.

[MORNING 1,05t.-1
As the Commons were going into a Committee
of Supply on the Navy Estimates lag night, Mr.
Hume, with opportune felicity, called upon the
6hancelfor of the Exchequer to state what
amount of men was to be added to they Army.
The Right Hon. Gentleman, notwithstanding the
unseasonableness of the question, supplied the in-
formation required, and announced that an ad-
dition of 8000 men, rank and file,would be moved
for,e'xclasive of that force the expence of which was
to be defrayed by the East India Company. The
House then went into the Committee, when Sir
GeOrge Clerk moved that 29,000 men (inducting
9,006 marines) be voted for the service of the
Navy for thirteen lunar months, commencing on
the` Ist of January, 1825. In making his motion,
lie stated that a change had been made last year
in the mode of victualling the Navy, by which a
Leiter quality of food was supplied'to the seamen,'
and their comforts greatly encreased. Banyan-
days (that is to say, days in which no aniinal-food
were abolished, and beef
used to be allowed)
and pork were substituted for the Gut- which was
formerly supplied. A reduction had also been
anode in the quantity of ardent spirits, and the
amount saved by diminishing the grog of the men
wa'spaid to them in the shape of encreased wages.
This' came to be about cj.s. per month, and it was
intended to make another improvement, by al).
Plying to the II ouse to authorise the issue of a
small advance of pay to.the seamen when on fo-
reiAn stations. Sir George Cockburn' said, that
the granting part of the pay on foreign stations
had corrected the very great evil which bad hi-
therto. arisen from sailors going on shore in a fo-

roign port without money; for they were exposed
to temptations, and frequently deserted in con-
sequence. Mr. Hume, who has so lbng talked
about the reduction of expenses, for the first time
in his life, we believe, recommended an increase.
lie thought the pay of the men insufficient, and
wished it to be augmented, though he did not
say to what extent. The original motion having
been agreed to, various sums were voted for the
service of tlie Navy, without any serious op-
position.

[HORNING HERALD.]
Saturday's Paris Papers- arrived last night.
They are wholly taken up with the Report of the
Commission appointed to examine the project of
a law for granting an indemnity -to the emigrants.
Some amendments in detail are proposed in this
Report, but of no interest to foreign readers. It
was received as a matter of course, but some
discussion arose as to the day on which it should
be debated. AI ;\l. Perrier, Foy, and other Mem-
bers of the Opposition, objected to its considera-
tion being fixed so early as the following Thurs-
day. The chief argument for delay was, that
perhaps in a short time France might have to
fight on the banks of the Rhine, or on the shores
of Colombia ; and, therefore, this appropriation
of the resources of the country might be found
inconvenient. This supposition was founded upon
the public acts and speeches of Mr. Canning on
the one side, and the power which the Russian
Government is alleged to exert over the present
Ministry in France. The Minister scarcely con-
descended a reply, and the debate was, after the
rejection of two atnend:nents, fixed for Thursday,
as originally proposed.
