Church. The Noble Lord had also been honoured
by being entrusted by the Faculty of Advocates with a petition
which had been unanimously agreed to at a public meeting
of that body, which was signed by the Dean of
the Faculty, with respect to changes which it was proposed
to make in the Scotch law, which they deprecated. The
Noble Lord, after shortly stating the high respect he enter-
tained for the petitioners, laid it upon the table.
ABOLITION OF NEGRO APPRENITCESHIP.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a Bill for the immediate
abolition of Negro Apprenticeship. This Bill provided
that it should cease and determine on the Ist of August,
1838, instead of the let of Aug., 1840. He presented the Bill
thus early in order that before it was pressed to its latest
stage, an opportunity might be afforded of seeing whether or not
the Colonial Legislature immediately and more directly repre-
senting, and in communication with the planters themselves,
were disposed to do what they ought to do upon this great
and interesting question. In the meantime he would move
that the Bill be read a first time, and printed, merely
adding that if nothing should be done there—if they should be
deaf to all the warnings which had been given them—they
would be obliged totake up this Bill, and it might then be
found to prove like Aaron's rod, as a serpent in their hands.
The Bill was then read a first time, and ordered to be
printed.
Their Lordships adjourned at half-past six.

HO USE OF COMMONS, MARcir 19.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at five minutes before four
o'clock.
READING ELECTION.
Sir T. TROUBRIDGE appeared at the bar, and stated
that the Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition
against the return for Reading had determined that Charles
Fyshe Palmer, Esq. had been duly returned as a Burgess to
serve that Borough in Parliament—that the petition of Mr.
Russell against that return, or the opposition to that petition,
was neither frivolous nor vexatious. The Committee also re-
ported that they had altered the poll, by strifling off the names
of certain voters.

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL.
Sir G. STRICKLAND appeared at the bar and stated
that the Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition
against the return for Kingston-upon-Hull, had met that day,
when it having been stated by a medical gentleman
of the name of M'Cann, that Mr. Muskett, one of
the member of that Committee was unable to attend in conse-
quence of indisposition, the Committee had adjourned till to-
morrow at eleven o'clock.
CARLOW COUNTY ELECTION.

Mr. J. MILDMAY appeared at the bar, and stated that
the Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition
against the return for the county of Carlow had determined
that N. A. Vigors, Esq., and J. E. Yates, Esq., bad been
duly elected ; that the petition against the return was neither
frivolous nor vexatious, or the opposition to that petition.
WALSALL ELECTION.

Mr. Sandford appeared at the Bar, and stated that the
Committee appointed to try the merits of the petition against
the return for the borough of Walsall had determined
that Mr. Finch, the sitting Member, had been duly elected,
and that the petition of Mr. Foster against that return was
neither frivolous nor vexatious. The Committee also reported
that they had altered the poll by striking off several of the
votes.

Mr. SHAW LEFEVRE brought up the report of the
Committee on the Newcastle-on-Tyne North Shields Railway
Bill.

On the motion of Mr. HALL, the Paddington Estates Bill
was read a second time and ordered to be committed.

Mr. THORNLEY presented eight petitions, praying for
the immediate emancipation of the negro from slavery, which
was continued under the name of the apprenticeship
system. Petitions with a similar prayer were presented by
Mr. Charles Lushington, Mr. Adams Williams, Sir George
Staunton, Mr. A. Chapman, and Mr. Pendarves.
Mr. C. LLTSHINGTON presented a petition from a
congregation in Leith against any further endowments being
granted to the Scottish Church.

Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from the merchants
and others of Berwick-upon-Tweed praying for the reduction
of the duty upon marine insurance.
Mr. LEADER presented a petition from a congregation in
Paisley, against any additional endowment to the Church of
Scotland.
