131 DAY. JULY 28, 1837.

nd could see no advantage in the ballot or in universal suf-
frage, nor was he in love with annual parliaments.—( A laugh. )
No man was more attached to the person of her gracious 'Ma-
jesty, or more devotedly loyal than Mr. Kemble, who regarded
her as the representative of a long line of ancestors.—( Cheers.)
He wished to see that gracious lady exercis'ng her own free.
will and her prerogatives without any dictation or interference
from other parties. He feared very much that such was not
the case at present—(Groans and cheering)—and that her
youth and inexperience were taken advantage of by other psr-
ties, to the detriment of the State. Mr. Kemble had a con-
scientious feeling that every person should enjoy the free ex-
ercise of his religious opinions. Ile was determined to sup-
port the Established Church in all its inviolability, and as
it was at present connected with the State—he was anxious
to see its benefits generally diffused, and that its integrity
should not be in the slightest degree impaired.—( Applause.)
He should be always ready to advocate the interests of those
among his constituents who might feel themselves aggrieved,
and to promote the interests of all classes of the community.
By electing Mr. Kemble they would confer an honour upon
him and do a credit to themselves, as enlightened and intelli.
gent men. He concluded by propcsing Mr. Kemble as a fit
and proper person to represent them in Parliament.
D. R. WARINGTON, of Waddon, Esq., then came forward
to second the nomination of Mr. Kemble, but the uproar,
hooting, and hissing, of the blue party, was so loud and conti-
nuous, that he was unable to proceed with his address. The
Under Sheriff interfered, and requested they would give him
a hearing. He came forward as a Conservative because he
felt that in the present crisis in which the country was
placed—( Hear)—the interests of that party could not
be too fully supported, for the general interests of
society at large. It was unnecessary for him to repeat what
had been so eloquently stated by the gentleman who had pre-
ceded him with respect to Mr. Kemble's pretensions. Ile be-
lieved that no man would more ably discharge his duty as their
Representative ; and so long as he (Mr. W.) had a vote and
a. voice in that county, he should never shrink from stating his
opinions fearlessly.—( Cheers and uproar.) No man who had
heard Mr. Kemble's address in their Town-hall lately, could
hesitate to say that, unless Mr. Kemble was a hypocrite, he
had put forward the most sound constitutional principles. He
had great pleasure its seconding the nomination.—( Cheers. )
WNI. LEVESON GOWER, Esq., of Titsey, came forward to
propose Mr. Angerstein, but from the low tone in which the
Hon. Gentleman spoke, and the great confusion and uproar
that prevailed, it was impossible to hear hardly a word that
he uttered. We understood, him, however, to say that he
came forward to propose Mr. Angerstein, on the grounds
that he had always been— and always would be the
supporter of liberal measures (Cheering) and those
which were calculated for the welfare of the people.—
( Cheers.) He was anxious that those who represented the
county should be connected with the landed interest.—( Great
confusion.) Mr. Angerstein's votes were well known in Par-
liament. He had supported Parliamentary Reform ; he had
opposed slavery ; and supported every principle that was cal-
culated to work justice to the people. Mr. Angerstein's rotes
were before the country, and they were the best guarantee f,,r
his future conduct.—(Cheers, and great uproar.) On Loth
public and private grounds it gave him the greatest satisfac-
tion to propose Mr. Angerstein as a fit representative for the
county in Parliament. The lion. Gentleman concluded
amidst great uproar and confusion.
Mr. TENNYSON D'EYNCOURT rose to second the nomination
of Mr. Angerstein. Although he had the high honour of
being an elector of the county, and the still higher honour of
beitv, for the third time the representative of the borough of
Lambeth, he should have felt great diffidence in presenting
himself to the electors, were it not for the cause and the indi-
vidual he stood forward to advocate. He had known Mr. An-
gerstein for about thirty years, and a more honourable straight-
forward, or free-hearted man did not exist.—(Cheering.)
Mr. Angerstein was one of the last men to delude the people
'by false promises. His votes had been watched, by a consti-
tuency not far removed from the county. His votes had been
watched by the enlightened constituency of Greenwich, for
which borough doubtless he would have been returned again,
had he asked the suffrages of the electors. Mr. Angerstein was
the friend of civil and religious liberty, and had always given
his vote in favour of the rights and liberties of the people. Had
he not pursued that course, he would never have stood there
to solicit their suffrages. His object was like that of all honest
Reformers—the obtainment of good government, and economy.
—( Cheers and uproar.) His interests were bound up in those
of the landholder, for he was the proprietor of a large estate
in the county of Lincoln, where he was revered by a numerous
tenantry.—( Cheers.) His votes had always been on the right
side, and if, as he anticipated, they sent him again into
Parliament, he was convinced he would pursue the same
course. He wished to put some questions to the Hon. Gen-
tleman who opposed them on that occasion.—(Loud uproar: )
They called themselves the friends of the Queen---(Laughter)
—but the true friends of her Majesty were also the friends of
the people.—( Cheers.) The Tories said they were now in
favour of Reform, but for what measure of Reform had Cap-
tain Alsager ever voted ?—( Uproar, and cries of " No Po-
pery.") We had now a most gracious Queen, and he trusted
the electors for East Surrey would send men to support that
Ministry in whom she confided. (Cries of " Hear, hear.")
There were some points on which he differed with
his Hon. Friend, but that was not a time for dilTering--they
must all concede something, for union and harmony were in-
dispensable.—( Cheers.) With much pleasure he seconded
the nomination of Mr. Angerstein.—(Cheers.)
The SHERIFF then enquired if any elector had any other
candidate to propose, and was answered in the negative.
Captain ALSAGEK then came forward, and was received with
the most deafening cheers by the Orange party, which was
answered by groans and hisses from their opponents. He said
lie was born in the Eastern division of the County, and in
that he hoped to die.--(Great uproar.) He stood there
ready to answer for every part of his political conduct since
he had been their representative. It had been said by the
Hon. Gentleman who had first addressed them, that he had
pledged himself to a repeal of the malt-tax. He had done no
such thing, and he never would.—( Cheers.) How could he
do so with justice ? How could he, with a surplus of 250,0001.,
vote for taking off five millions of taxes ? He had been always
a warm friend" to the agricultural interests, and had held up
his hand against taking off the paltry tax on newspapers,
rather than giving the boon to the agricultural inte-
rests. They should remember that he advocated mixed inte-
rests, the commercial and the agricultural, and he should
take care not to do injury to one while endeavouring to do
justice to the other.—(Great cheering and uproar.) Some
emblems had been held up to him relative to his vote on the
abolition of flogging in the army, but let him see the necessity
of flogging done away with, and then he would vote for taking
away the power. Woe betide their armies and navies if they
took away that power prematurely. He had been taunted
with not "doing justice to Ireland, but he begged first to ask
what was justice to Ireland ? Did it mean to put Irishmen on
a footing with Englishmen ? If so, he (Captain Alsager)
was ready to do that justice to Ireland.—( Hear, hear.)
lie would be glad to know what the poor Irishman thought
of Municipal Corporations, when they asked for bread ?
Would they not naturally ask, was Municipal Corporations
something to eat ?—(Cheers and laughter.) But when they
were told that Municipal Corporations was nothing but a
Mayor with a fine cloak, and half a dozen Councillors, they
would be sadly disappointed. They would further find that
these men were useless, so far the watching, lighting, paving,
or improving of the towns was concerned ; but when they
would be informed that they would occasion annual elections,
to keep the towns in a state of political excitement and agi-
tation, poor Paddy would exclaim, " Then I vote for
Corporations, for I am fond of a row."—( Laughter,
great cheering, hooting, and immense groaning.) Ile was
one of those who trembled for the fate of his country,
when he saw the power exercised by O'Connell in the House
of Commons, calling upon Ministers to do this and demanding
that in a tone of dictation. He admitted that the Irish Mu-
nicipal Corporations were badly conducted in general, but he
was not one of those who would vote for taking away power
from the Irish Protestants, and placing it in the hands of the
Roman Catholics —(Cheer; and hisses.) He stood there
ready to defend his political conduct in every vote he had
given ; he now professed the same principles as he did at the
last election, and if he had in any way deviated from them
let any man stand forward and tax him with that conduct,
and ho should be ready to defend himself.—(Cheers.)
Ho had never, since he had the honour of a seat in the
House of Commons, neglected the interests of the county
while advocating his own principles.— (Cheers, and great up-
roar.) He did not want to detain them with a long speech.
He would advocate, should he have tile honour of being re-
turned, the principles he had set out with, boldly and fear-
lessly—( Great confusion)—and do all in his power to further
the best interests of the country. The Honourable Gentle-
man concluded amid great confusion and uproar.
The Lion. LOCKE KING came forward to address the elec-
tors amid cheering and great confusion, which prevented him
from being heard for several minutes. He stated that he was
not only a resident and native of the county, but his ances-
tors had lived in it for ages past.--( Great cheering.) They
had been the friends of civil and religious libertywhen the
mention of it sent a man to the Tower.—(Great cheering.)
He was happy to see himself opposed by such straight-
forward men.—( Loud and continued cheers.) The conduct
of Mr. Kemble was most straight-forward—there was no dis-
guise in him.—(Cheers.) 'While, however, be admired the
men who opposed him, he hated their principles.--(Great
cheering.) What were those principles? Why those that
were advocated by the detested King of Hanover, the head of
the Orange Lodges.—(Tremendous cheers.) He had always
desired to extinguish Reform and uphold abuses.—( Cheers. )
Look what Toryism was when it got out of the free air of
England.—( Great cheering.) Only just look over the water,
and they would there see a whole nation of Hanoverians
iii
slavery.—(Great cheers.) He would say with the greatest
respect to those who were his opponents, that those were the
esbtyhetyhepir party.—(Cheers.)
professed—(Cheers)—and
dhtlyrosNevatnhtaetdwteorehea,ne-
tertai d
the Reform Bill repealed.—( Cheers, and cries of " 'They
shan't have it.") The people of England had been slaves,
but they had not hugged their chain.—( Hear, and cheers.)
Unless the electors in every part of the country were deter-
mined to fight the good fight, he was afraid a chain
was forging for them which would not easily be broken.—.
(Cheers.) Look at what the Tories were in the best of times
—look at the national debt.—(Great cheering.) Look at the
Pension List—(Cheers)—vice had there been rewarded in.
stead of virtue.—(Great cheering.) Look at the war with
America, where he rejoiced that Englishmen had got a good
thrashing--(Great cheering.) Look at the French war ;
what had that done, why it put a Bourbon on the
Throne,which more liberal principles had removed.—( Cheers )
yet,Th eTnodriewsnuhladdnpeuvetra
be tax on they had placed a
tax on candles, they had put a tax on light, hat they had not
tax the air they breathed.— '4 remenduus Ghcering.) 'Then
yb in OW Mita 'Ta4 ryas Tork. measure; he did not
SRI tilo it c 0414 bl'rerpgyeci at 9110; but it ought by degrees.

e should like to see vast reforms in the Church.--( Cheers.)
Pe wished to see the working clergy better paid. He thought
tl e interests of religion would he better attended to if the Bi-
shops were removed from the House of Lords. —( Loud cheer-
ing.) Their presence there, in his opinion, impaired religion.
--( Cheers.) A gentleman opposite had said that he (Mr.
King) was in favour of the bsllot. One word upon that ; he hated
the ballot, but the conduct ofthosc ..vho opposed him and his Hun.
friend had rendered it necessary.—( Great cheers.) He
would advocate Triennial Parliaments, because education had
so extended as to render it, in his opinion, necessar) that re-
presentatives should oftener appear before their constituents.
—( Cheers.) He wished to see the welfare of the great body
of the people promoted.—( Cheers.) That was the first ob-
ject of ail legislation : but the Tories wsre only anxious for
the selfish welfare of the few, without caring for the
interests of the many.—( Loud and long continued -cheering. )
He should always say that the people wile the source of lesiti-
mate power—(Cheers)—and he was for extending the etai age
along with, and as an attendant upon, eduettion.—((;Mers.)
With these observations he begged most respectfully to with.
draw,—( Loud cheering.)
Mr. KENIELit then presented himself, and said that he stood
there as a candidate for their suffrages, in consequence of a
call which had been made upon him by a large body of the
constituency. The call was made upon him upon public prin-
ciple, and he could not refuse. Considering the result of
the last election, many were of opinion that there wad so
much Conservative spirit in the county as would return two
Gentlemen who spoke the same sentiments.—( Cries of " No,
no, we don't want any of your breed.") He was never more
astonished than to see the address of Major Beauclerk, in which
he called upon the electors of- E tat Surrey to return the Re-
formers, as he called the gentlemen opposite, in order to pre-
vent the county from becoming a rotten borough. Such it
appeared was the wish'of the Gentlemen opposite.—( Uproar. )
His principles were before the constituency, and he would never
endeavour to catch even one single vote by blinking a single
question which might be put to him.—(Cheers.) From the
successful canvass which he had just completed, he had no doubt
of his return being safe.—( Laughter.) He thought so because
his own friends wore of that opinion, and also because
he saw the other party obliged to come forward in is new shape
—they used to stand as Reformers, but now they were forced
to assume some sort of clap-trap, and they endeavoured to
frighten the electors with the name of the King of Hanover.
Groaning.) In liberality he would yield to no ows—there
was no one then present who detested (despotism more than he
did, whether in an individual or in a tyrant raajoritt of the
House of Commons. Much had been said of the magnitude
of the debt, but look at our vast resources. He was a firm
opponent of unjust wars, and detested them as much as any
one ; but he fully believed that had it not been for the lavish
expenditure complained of, he should not then have been
addressing them as freemen and independent Englishmen ;
had it not been for that expenditure we should now have been
a province of France.—( Cheers, and laughler.) He was a
firm friend to agriculture, but he thought the great interests of
the nation were so interwoven that no advantage could be
given to one class without hurting another. He Caine forward
as. the determined friend of economy.--(Laughter.) If they
returned him to Parliament he would oppose a job, whether it
emanated from Whig or Tory ; if he was returned he would
do all in his power to uphold the rights and privileges
of the people's House ; but, at the same time, he would
not trench even • one iota upon the rights and privileges
of the House of Lords.—( Hear, hear.) He would sup-
port the present form of Government, for he believed it
was that most conducive to the happiness of all. After the
Reform Bill had beeir passed, the great cry was for the whole
Bill and nothing but the Bill. But now the same party were
calling for changes of a grave character in that same Bill.—
( Uproar.) Show him an abuse, and he would be as ready as
any one to rectify it, but he would oppose all meddling
changes. With respect to the Established Church, he would
support it as much as in his power, but at the same time he
would call upon any Dissenter present to come forward and say
where he had ever denied him the most full liberty, both
civil and religious. He did not expect that he would ever
have lived to hear the Conservative party accused of disloy-
alty. When William the Fourth, William the Reformer, as
he was called, changed his Ministry, what was the cry of the
opposite party ? Was it " support the Ministers in whom
the King confided?" No ; but they gave them every
opposition in their power.—(Loud cries of " Hear, hear.")
He trusted ho was as loyal to the Queen as any other man—
but he believed there never was a more unconstitutional pro-
ceeding than that adopted by the other party, of introducing
the name of the Queen. —( Ironical cheers from the Reformers.)
The abolition of slavery had been alluded to and he was its
friend, but he did not attribute its abolition to the
present Government—it had been accomplished by the
voice of the people, which was irresistible.—( Cheers.) Meet-
ings had, however, been lately held throughout the country,
where it had been stated that that measure which had cost the
country 20 millions of money, had left the slaves in a worse
condition than they had previously been in. He felt sanguine
as to the result of the present election, but if he was mistaken
in his calculations he should bow with submission to the deci-
sion of the county at large.—( Cheers. )
Mr. ANGERSTEIN then came forward and was loudly and
vehemently cheered. lie stood before them as a Constitu-
tional Reformer, unconnected by property with the county,
but having a claim upon them by his votes in the House of
Commons and his public conduct.—( Cheers.) Much had
been said relative to the conduct of the Government in Ire-
land ; and he was happy to say that he had supported them in
all the measures they had brought forward for that
purpose. He believed the welfare of the country would
be best promoted by the extending to that country
equal rights and equal laws.—(Great applause.) He was an
advocate for the Reform of the House of Lords, arid that was
the only way in which a real Reform could be effected. Allu-
sion had been made to a Sovereighn who had lately left these
shores—the Duke of Cumberland.—(Great groaning and
hissing.) They all knew the estimation in which he was
held by the Reformers--(A laugh)—and they all knew
how he was idolized by the Tories.—( Groans.) If their young
Queen died to-morrow he would be their sovereign.—( Vehe-
ment cries of " No, no, never.") He could not unconnect
the conduct of that Sovereign in Hanover with the predo-
minant feeling of all Tories in England.—( Hear.) He be-
lieved the great mass of that body partook of the Duke of
Cumberland's sentiments:—( Cheers for the Reformers.)
While he was in England. he had been their Orange chief.
and great uproar from the Tory party.) With regard to the
Poor-law Amendment Bill, he Tories had taken a most un-
fair advantage—why, the chiefs of that party had vested for
and upheld the measure, and had then basely availed them-
selves of the outcry against it to inkfre the Queen's Govern-
ment.—(Tremendous cheering.) Monday next was the day
of election, and he trusted that the constituency of East
Surrey would look their landlords in the face on that occasion,
and that they would' not shrink from the frowns of the aristo-
cracy of Camberwell.—(Great hooting and uproar.) He
could state as a fact, that the tradesmen of that district had
asserted that they were afraid to exercise their privileges as
electors. He trusted that on the day of election these
men would break the pledge that had been so improperly ex-
torted from them, and that they would discharge their duty
as Englishmen and as honest and independent freemen.
( Great applause.) If they did not do so, he would tell the
electors of Surrey that they were degraded for ever. They
were not,it was true, protected by the Ballot; thatwas a question
with him, whether even the ballot would afford them protec-
tion. He hoped that the constituency would come forward
and vote for either Tory or Reformer, according to the dic-
tates of their consciences, and without being influenced or
intimidated by any man.--( Cheering from both parties.) But
if men were basely intimidated, if they suffered themselves to
be acted upon unfairly by any unworthy influence, then he
would say they were unworthy of the trust that had been re-
posed in them.—(Cheers.) These were his sentiments, and
he would now retire, trusting that every man would do that
duty which the country imposed upon him.—( Great applause. )
Mr. JAMES MILLS, an elector, begged to put a question to
each of the four candidates on a very important subject. The
time was conic when their Representatives should have clear
and definite instructions upon it.--(Great uproar from the
Tory party.) He begged to ask them whether some controul
should not be given to the parishes over their funds, so as to
enable them to alkviate the distresses of the poor ? And
whether they would not vote fur some improvements in the
Poor-law Amendment Bill, and to place the power in the
hands of the parishes of England, instead of the hands of
three men residing at Somerset House?—(Hear, and cheers.)
Captain ALSAGER believed the measure, as a whole, was a
good measure, and would be happy to have that part re-
modelled which did not work for the benefit of the people.
Mr. ANGERSTEIN believed the Queen's present Government
were anxious to amend every imperfection in that measure.—
(Great confusion, and cries of " We want your own opinion.")
Mr. MILLs wanted a direct answer. The Committee ap-
pointed by the Government last Session did not fairly repre-
sent the sense of the House of Commons.

Mr. ANCERSTEIN defended the Committee. He was in
favour of the power being vested in the hands of the Commis-
sioners—(Groans, hisses, and cheering)—as being likely to be
less abused than if it were placed in the hands of parochial
bodies. —( Hear, hear.)
Mr. KEmaut, if returned to Parliament, would go there
unfettered by any pledge except such as his public principles
gave them. Under the old Poor-law there were great and
flagrant abuses, but the piesent required much amendment.
He was opposed to the principle of denying out-door relief—
legislation was at present, he feared, too rapid, and in his opt-
the amended Bill ought to have a fair trial.
Mr. LOCKE KING agreed with the gallant Captain ( Alsager)
that an amendment of the present Bill was much required, and
he should vote for it. He thought, however, it ought to have
a fair trial.

Mr. LEADER then came forward to address the electors,
amid tremendous uproar, and cries of " Off, off," from the
Tory side of the hustings.) He was only anxious to put a
question, and it was utterly impossible further to put him
down. He had been in Parliament with Capt. Alsager, and
therefore he should not ask hint the question, as he knew
from his votes what the answer would be—( Cheers)—
but he wished to ask Mr. Kemble, as he had stated that if
returned to Parliament, he should always be found the
decided and unflinching advocate of economy and retrenchment,
and as at the commencement of a new reign the House of
Civil List? what 1... e would
Commons would have to settle the
do about the Penfion List ?

Mr. KENIBIA—The lion. Member for Westminster must be
aware that I haw! stated that I shall go into Parliament un-
fetter, or not at all —(Cheers.) Igo there as the Repre-
sentative of the people. With respect to the questions
which have been put by the Honourable Member, all I can
say whateker the faith a the county is pledged to I will
support, and whaiever it is pot, I will not.--(Cheers.) When-
ever. there is a tai: opportunity of inquiring into pensions,
li shall be as anxious to do it as the Hon. Member for West-
rninster. —( Cheers. )
Mr. tat.tolAt said be could not but complimeut those that
