HOUSE OF COMMONS, Amy 10.

On the motion of Sir H. PARNELL, the Re-
port of the Committee on the Holyhead Road Bill
was brought up, and the Bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time to-morrow.

General GASCOYNE brought up the report on
the Liverpool Charity Estate Bill.—Read a tiaird
time and passed.
Mr. WARD moved for an account of all fines
imposed within the last three years on licensed
dealers in foreign wines, by the Board of Excise,
distinguishing those which were imposed for frauds
practised on the Revenue.

- Lord CHANDOS presented a petition from the
county of Bucks in favourof the abolition of slavery.
Sir H. PARNELL brought up the Fourth Re-
port of the Committee upon the Public Expenditure.
Colonel ARI3UTHNOT presented a petition
fpm the borough of Montrose, praying for a con-
tinuation of the bounty on the herring fisheries.
Mr. FERGUSSON supported the prayer of the
petition.

- After a few words from Colonel TAINT the pe,
tition was ordered to be printed.
_ . _ .

Sir JAMES GRAHAM presented a petition
from the Clergy, Magistrates, and Inhabitants of the
city of Carlisle, praying for the abolition of Slavery.
Sir G. MURRAY brought up papers relative to
the state of Honduras ; also,' a Correspondence be-
tween the Governor and other authorities of the
island of Jamaica and the Colonial Office, relative to
the state of Slavery.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from Leeds,
signed by upwards of 19,700 persons, against the
Additional Churches Bill. Also a similar petition
trom the Society of Friends of Civil and Religious
Liberty, at Blackbu►a, in the county of Lancaster.
Mr. J. WOOD also presented a petition from the
wife and children of a person named John Cattoe,
complaining of the conduct of the officers of Excise,
at Manchester.

Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from
the Coach Proprietors of London, complaining of
the state of the roads between London. and St.
Alban's.

Sir H. PARNELL then moved that a Connit-
tee be appointed to inquire into the state of the
road under the Wheatstone and Barnet Trustees.
—Agreed to.
