REPRESENTATION OF GATESHEAD.

(From the Tyne Mercury of Tuesday).
The committee for insuring the election of Cuth-
bert Rippon, El., as the rep' eseutative of Gates-
head, having issued a hand-bill inviting the friends
of that gentleman to go in procession to meet him
at Team Bridge, a very numerous party set out for
that purpose from the Black Bull Inn, between eleven
and twelve o'clock this forenoon (Monday, June 11)
accompanied by a band of music. The populace,
on Mr. Rippon appearing, took the horses from his
cordage, and drew him with ropes to the inn. He
arrived about twenty minutes before one o'clock,
old immediately stood up and addressed the
im-
nense multitude to the following effect :
Gentlemen,—You have now the opportunity put
into your hands of exercising the elective franchise
—the highest privilege which as Englishmen you
can have, that of declaring your sentiments and
speaking your will in the management of the affairs
of the nation.—(Applause.) It is not necessary for
,ne to make any observations on the duties of elec-
tors of Members of Parliament. No man can lay
claim to the spirit of patriotism who merely looks
to the interest of the place in which he dwells, and
hoes not attend chiefly to the welfare of our common
country. After a momentous struggle of many
months—after many and great sacrifices, we have ai
length obtained the Reform Bill.—(Great applause.)
But recollect, gentlemen, that Reform is only the
means to destroy abuse. The monster now lies
prostrate at your feet ; but you must strike a
mortal blow, or he will rise up again in all his
horrors.—(Applause.) Look at the state of the
House of Lords. Look at the hesitation of the Mo-
narch to give his assent to the measure even after ithad
been adopted by both brandies of the legislature.
Can the House of Commons, even in its Reformed
state, operate effectively for the benefit of the people
while there is such a counterpoise as the House of
Lords to nullify its efforts ? I ventured some 15
months ago, when the matter was not so popular as
at present, to advance an opinion that the principles
of Reform should be acted upon in the House of
Lords as in the House of Commons ; that one
branch of the Legislature needed a Reformation as
much as the other. That opinion was deliberately
formed, and I now see no reason to change my sen-
timents on the subject; but, on the contrary, I am
more confirmed in my belief.—(Applause.) The
same principles that have been applied to the House
of Commons must also be brought to bear on the
House of Lords—enfranchisement, disfranchisement,
and an extension of the right of voting. Gentle-
men, we must disfranchise the Bishops.—(Laughter
and applause.) We must also apply the principle of
enfranchisement by sending liberal men into that
House to act as a counterpoise to that weight of
Tory influence which still exists within its walls.
We must have voting by proxy done away. These
are the principles which have been tried in amend-
ing the representation of the people. I entreat you
to remember, that the question whether we shall
gain any advantage by the Reform Bill depends en-
tirely on ourselves. I call upon you less as electors
of Gateshead than as electors of England, to show
your adhesion to the principles of the Reform Bill,
by returning to Parliament men who will look to the
welfare of their country—that you may eventually
enjoy what you have not enjoyed for many years, the
advantages of good Government. I sincerely and
honestly hope that you will remember those men who
have faithfully served you in the House of Commons,
who have stood between you and aristocratic despo-
tism, that you will recollect those who in both Houses
of Parliament stood forward to vindicate your rights.
There is one person connected with this county
whom I would particularly notice, as I have the
honour of a personal acquaintance with him—l mean
Lord Durham.--(Applause.) He nobly vindicated
your rights. He cast aside the imputation of your
servile dependence upon any man. If a member of
his family should come forward as a candidate for
the county, I hope the electors will show their gra-
titude to the Noble Lord by bringing a relative into
Parliament. By the kindness of a friend, I have
received a communication purporting to come from
some of the electors of Gateshead, and which inti-
mates that my politiCal opinions are not sufficiently
known. I shall, therefore, take the present oppor-
tunity of expressing them fully. I believe on a
former occasion I expressed myself as an enemy to
all monopoly. Such I unhesitatingly avow myself
to be at this moment. The communication to which

I have alluded mentions the Corn Bill,and inquires
my sentiments on that subject. The corn, gentle-
men, is, in my opinion, the worst of all monopolies,
because it is a tax on the poor man's loaf.—(Great
applause.) The communication goes on to say,
that I am a landowner, and therefore cannot be sup-
posed to feel deeply interested in the prosperity of
the borough, or of the manufacturing interests in
general of the country. I admit that the interests
which I possess in this world consist in land, but I
c ,nnot admit the conclusion of the author of this
document; I think nothing can be more conducive to
the prosperity of the landowner than by abolishing
the restrictions upon trade. The agriculturists say
that they pay more tax than the manufacturers.
If this be the case they ought to receivea little more
protection. But is it so ? Are the tithes, taxes,
and fiscal dues paid by the agriculturist more in
proportion than is obtained from the manufacturer ?
If not, then the former can have no claim in prece-
dence of the latter. Indeed, I think,if the agriculturist
has any such claim it is a very small one. The next
question relates to the monopoly of the Bank char-
ter, and the monopoly of the Bank of England. I
hope if the East India Company's charter is renewed
it will be placed on quite a different footing from
what it has been. if that Company is allowed to
conduct the government of India, I trust they will
not be permitted also to act as a kind of merchant
monarchs.—(Applause.) I hope to see the banking
system of England placed on a firm basis : and that
the country will be free from those panics which
result from the want of such stability. In regard to
my political opinions, you all know that I am a Re-
former both in Church and State.—(Applause.)
In Church especially, because no part of the Consti-
tution needs Reform so much as that. Look at the
appearance of Reform which has been introduced in
order to beguile the people. Look at the Plurality
Bill, which, instead of abolishing plurality, only
substitutes 35 for 40. It is insulting to the people
that an Archbishop should bring such a bill into
Parliament. And it is insulting to the people that
his Majesty's Ministers should sanction such mea-
sures. I believe, however, they shut their eyes on
the subject for the sake of the Reform Bill. If so,
I thank them. But now the Reform Bill is passed,
Ministers may throw off the mask, and declare their
real intentions. Remember, gentlemen, there must
be a fresh collision between the two Houses of Par-
liament. Again must the battle be commenced and
fought through. It is true the Lords have retreated,
but the venom remains as before. What was their
conduct when the views arid wishes of 20 millions
of people were laid on their Lordships' table ? Those
who are living as pensioners on the resources of the
nation rose up against the measures. My Lord
Ellenborough, with immeasurable insolence, said
that now it was for them to consider whether
Reform should be granted, or, which amounted
to the same thing, whether they should give
up the power which they possessed of plundering
the people.—(Applause.) With regard to other
points, as it respects the criminal law, I shall like to
see a mitigation of its severity. Government has
preferred the principle of example to that of actual
instruction ; but it is our duty to save and not to
destroy. Attempts are making to disannul those
sanguinary enactments, and I hope, should I have
the honour to be elected as your representative, that
those enactments will be destroyed before I see the
walls of the House of Commons.—(Applause.) In
respect to the question of slavery, I must say that I
am an enemy to slavery of every clime and colour.
—(Applause.) I look at it in the light of a great
moral question. I consider not the interests of co-
lonists; but I look primarily to the rights of huma-
nity. I cannot recognize any right in the traffic of
human flesh and blood ; and I trust you will find

doing my duty on that question as a Christian
id a man.—(Applause.) Another question of my
nonymous correspondent is respecting the pro-
priety of a tax on funded property. • And here let
me observe, gentlemen, that I am ready at all times
ro give a statement of my views on every subject
which concerns the welfare of the country. I shrink
riot from the severest scrutiny—nay,.l court inquiry.
t cannot see then why there should not be a tax on
funded as well as upon landed. property. I think
there are a few other points on which I must say a
few words. There is reform in the law ; but this is
so much a professional subject that I do not feel
myself competent to enter into its details, nor
would any remarks upon the question afford you
much gratification. I hope, however, that justice
will speedily be substituted for law, which is not the
case at present. Then there are the taxes upon
knowledge. I think every restriction of that kind
should be taken away. A system of general edu-
cation should be adopted, untrammelled by those
bigoted restrictions which we now see imposed on
such plans. Look, for instance, at the scheme of
the Dean and Chapter of Durham. I think every
child should be taught to worship God according as
its parents think proper. The anonymous writer
inquires whether I am opposed to the union of
' Church and State. When I addressed the inhabi-
tants of this assembled county on the occasion be-
fore alluded to, I offended the son of a Noble Lord
by some such expression as this, " The hideous har-
lotry of Church and State," and I think after that
I need say no more on the subject.—(Applause.)
The Hon. Gentleman then went on to say that he
was a friend to triennial Parliaments. Some person
had issued a handbill, with a statement that a Mem-
ber of Parliament should consider himself as the de-
legate of the people. He thought " delegate" and
" representative" were synonymous terms. If ever
he entertained a different opinion from his constitu-
ents on any great measure, he would deliver back
into their hands the trust they had reposed in him.
He said that his property depended more on the lead
mines in that vicinity than on its own particular pro-
duce. His was a consuming, not a producing pa-
Fish. Mr. R. concluded amidst great applause, by
hoping that no opposition would be started merely
for the sake of serving private ends.
Mr. Rippon, with several of the company, then
retired into the large room of the Black Bull Inn.
In answer to several questions from different indi-
viduals, Mr. R. said that he thought all tithes should
be done away. He concurred in the principle of
sir. Baring's Bill, but thought it went too far. If
a man was overtaken by some calamity and thereby
rendered unable to pay his debts, he did not see
why that should prevent his ever entering the
House of Commons; but certainly the privilege of
Parliament should never be a bar to honesty, or en-
able any man to commit fraud. Ile thought a
Member of the House of Commons should not be
tied down entirely. Sometimes a measure that
would work well for the particular place which he
represented might not be advantageous to the coon-
try at large.
__

Jos. PRICE, Esq , then desired that Mr. Rippun
and the committee would retire to his house.

The company then left the room.

It was rumoured that Mr. Attwood would offer
himself to the electors, and a par►y of friends waited
on him to know his intentions. lie has, we are as-
sured, declined coming forward, and there can be no
doubt, therefore, that Mr. Rippon will be returned
to Parliament as Member for Gateshead.

BRUSSELS AND GERMAN PAPERS.

(RECEIVED THIS MORNING.)

BRUSiELS, JUNE 9.—ln the sitting of the Clantb,,r
of Representatives yesterday, M. Mirode presented a pro-
ject of law for the creation of a national order destined to
reward services rendered to the country. It will be called
the Union. The King to be the Grand Master of the
Order, which is to have four classes-1. Grand Cor-
don; 2. Commandtr ; 3. Officer; 4. Knight. The
nomination to be made by the King. The moth)
"L' Union fait le force. Menthe's of the Order, I!,
low the rank of officers, to have an annual pension of a
hundred francs, &c. The order of the day was the con.
tinuation of the debate on the organization of the Courts
of Justin.

Tile cholera continues at Ghent, especially in the
street des Afotres, which is a very unhealthy part of the city,
inhabited by the indigent classes. At Furnes the cholera
appeared on the Ist, there were two cases. Th3re have been
no new cases since the 7th. At Aldingkerke, a league
fron► Furnes, there have been two cases, and a few at
Mons. At Courtray there have been in all 60 deaths.
Five thousand francs have been obtained there by a col-
lection from house to house, for the poor cholera patient,.
M. de Potter is said to have been at Courtray ever since
the lith inst.—Brussels Papers, June 10.
FHONTIERS OF POLAND, MAY 22.—1❑ proportion as
tranquillity is confirmed in Poland, the measures of thy•
Russian Government abate in rigour. The most recent
letters from Warsaw affirm, that latterly the regulations
for the amnesty are extended as far as possible, and that
no mollestation was offered to persons who were not so
teeply implicated ; that oblivion of their acts was impos-
sib!e. As these letters deserve entire credit, several per-
sons who, though they had not taken any direct part to
the revolution, did not think themselves safe in Poland,
,►re preparing to return to that country.—Stcabian

HANOVER, JUNE 4.—ln the night of the 2d, French
tri•coloured flip were hoisted at Bengen and Budesheim,
the authorities immediately had them taken down.—l-ht.
/toyer Gazette.

NUREMhURG, JUNE I.—Among the numerous accounts
of the fke at Hambach, are extracts from the speeches of
Dr. NVirth and others. Dr. Wirth, it seems, spoke in the
oitterest terms of France. " France," said he, " has been
so good as to do us the honour to assure us, through a
special deputation now here, that it will make no objection
to the union of Germany in our state. But do not look
to France for help ; it is torn to pieces by parties ; we ask—.
we need no help. The hatred of Germany to France must
never relax. The ambition of France is notorious, but we
will assist the integrity of our country wherever our languago
is spoken ; all our tribes, however otherwise divided, all Ci
us, even to the infant at the breast, must be inspired with
united vigour, if ever a Frenchman dares to tread a hand-
breadth of German ground with hostile intentions." Ac
these words all the French present withdrew, offended aroi
angry. Wirth did not treat some of his friends any better.
He called Savaye and Schuler traitors, saying that the
association for the liberty of the press under them dud
not at all support the cause of the union of Germany,
but wanted to sell the country to France. He therefore
.olemnly renounced his connexion with that association,
from which Germany could expect no good. What
ground there may be for Wirth's assertion we will not de-
cide, but the friends of these two gentlemen publicly
affirm, that the circle of the Rhine will never prosper un-
less united with France. The question was warmly dis-
cussed in the deliberations upon the fete, but it was easy
to see that the very great majority of those who had
flocked to the fete felt uneasy when they found the plea-
sure which they expected, in saluting each other as Ger-
mans, bound together by ties of country, and attachments
was changed, by the hated passions of some partisans, into
moments of fearful gloomy foreboding. This feeling was
particularly evident when Wirth took the sword sent hint
from Frankfurt, with words which I refrain from repeat -
ing. I will also refrain from indicating those on whom
Wirth called down " Curses, threefold curses.' Some of
his associates, indeed, applauded, and cried " Down with
them ! arms, arms ;" but the greater part of them showed
by their uneasy looks how painfully such revolutionary
rage affected them.—Allgemeine Zeitung, June 6.

The news of the Reform Bill having passed
was brought to Havre on Wednesday morning by the
Camilla, the Southampton steam-packet, dressed out in
all her colours and laurel branches. The French vessels
at anchor in the roadstead, guessing the cause for such a
display, immediately hoisted their flags. The vessels
lying in the docks at Havre followed the example.—
French Paper.

PUALIC REJOICINGS,--The Reformers of
Leeds have come to the determination to celebrate the
passing of the Reform Bill by a public dinner, consisting
of good old English fare—of roast beef, plum putlin;4,
and strong beer; which will be honoured by the attend-
ance of the Liberal Candidates for the representation of the
Borough, who will address the inhabitants. In the ap
proaching festival, the rich and the poor, the worlon
and his master, will sit down together to such a repast
as has never before been witnessed in Leed4.—L,etis
Mercury.

The kills are lowering on the Guilford-road,
as well at the eastern entrance of that town as on tt,"

west side of Cobham.
