LORD BROUGHAM

(From the Hull Rockingham.)
LORD BROUGHAM.—This distinguished Nobleman is now
Paying the accustomed tribute, with every distinguished cha-
racter—whether political, legal, scientific, or literary—this
f-oluitry has bad the honour and happiness of producing. The
!ea ding journals of all Europe, and other soi-disant leading
J.nurnals in a rather smaller circle, jealous, it may be, of his
but, unable
rivalry in men's estimation, have fallen foul on him ;
Dlat unable to diminish his reputation as a man of talent, have
directed their vituperation to his moral character, which, ac-
chim ording to them, is divested of all those features which entitle
I. a i
to the reputation of a man of honour, or even of common
t e 9ne st
Y. With evidence fcr the heavy charges against him,
"lrat assailants do not trouble themselves. His right to en-
n opinions of his own, is considered as a species of
'ugh treason against the leading journals, of which we
!night with
much more reason, say, that they are putting
19 t
their praise to auction, than they of Lord Brougham,
that is a great criminal, because he has not thought
to take them under his special protection, and con-
It
Pnit their worships as to the course he ought to pursue.
Noblei no design of ours to enter into a defence of the
Lord, because he requires none ; but, for curiosity's
,s,ke, we will just inquire into some of the grounds on which
the charges against him are founded. He is accused of hav-
ing " betrayed Lord Grey," and, in connexion with the charge,
is designated as a " hollow lawyer seeking profit by deceiving;
servile and arrogant, blown about by every suggestion of sel-
4shness." He is accused of defending the House of Lords
aas a distinct and useful branch in the legislative body. He is
ccused of having defended the Poor Law Bill, and called a
;11-coat because he disapproved of a particular clause in it.
a a° charge relative to Lord Grey originated in the Standard,
tl!orougbgoing Tory Journal, capable of every species of
s'iltaaltelgdniarnit invention to depreciate a political rival. We ask,
1 regard to it, where is the proof ? Has a single fact been
to the any quarter, that affords the slightest countenance
existence of any intrigue in the Cabinet? Has any
complaint been made by Lord Grey or his friends? We have
heard of nothing of the sort. Nor do we believe that any-
!ling of the sort is felt in any quarter but that, where the good
Caine 'of Lord Brougham is envied. To answer what end
could Lord Brougham wish for a separation from Lord Grey,
,e! what end can he have in
view in it? He cannot rise
Mgher than he is in the scale of proniation. He is not asso-
Gated with men of a more unbending disposition than Lord
y• Suppose him selfish in a still higher degree than he
is asserted to be, what particular objects can he have in view,
. Ich be can more easily effect than he could in association
ith Lord Grey ? None have yet been developed of which
We ever beard. The charge is as gratuitous as it is malig-
nant, and springs from sheer envy, sharpened by disc,point-
tlent of some sort. It was one, made before, and refuted in
Grey House himself declared in his place, that he resigned because
oe was anxious to retire from public life. He threw no blame
tn a single individual. Even the indiscretion of Mr. Little-
"he attributed to good motives. Not long ago drunkenness
alleged against the Noble Lord as a besetting failing, and
ieged in the face of exertions both in Chancery and the House
of Lords, greater than which no Lord. Chancellor ever made,
ior more satisfactory both to the bar and the public. Ha-
nn al intemperance is not a common associate with correct
timent, nor very likely to place the mental powers in a
BState fit for deciding upon intricate points of law. Yet we
°not hear that a single judgment pronounced by Lord
an migham has been called in question or appealed against,
be has pronounced more than any other Chancellor has
do" in the same space of time. No longer an habitual
breufnkard, he is hollow and selfish. Give us, as we have said
Lions°r, proof, and we will not only believe, but use our exer-
tin placing him before the public in his proper light. In
e absence of that proof—not even seeing the shadow of any,
e ilstill trust in his integrity, and presume on great improve-
ttlents both from his talents and endowments. Far be it from
,in thus pronouncing, to avow that we adopt his senti-
;7, 9r aprove of all that he does. Thee are imortant
in which we differ from him. Hisr p manner and his
rplatter in the House of Lords are not always to our minds.
ut is he a drunkard and a scoundrel because he may happen
not to take a course that suits us ? Are a man's opinions in
2._ale things varying from ours, to stamp him as worthless, base,
treacherous ? That may do for leading journals ; but de-
cisions so founded in others are distinguished neither by good
-)oeilse nor rectitude of principle. We think Lord Brougham
tlght have as well spared his eulogy on the House of
ho°rllds; but surely he is not a traitor and a wretch because
till aPpens to think, with great men of every age, and even
ea late with the leading journals, that the constitution,
_ (insisting of King, Lords, and Commons, is a good one,
rid that be would not have the Upper House extinguished.
th! be honest and think all this; and he may think all
Als and yet be a great Reformer, as we believe he is. We
not admire ehis hostility to the clause in the Poor Bill
tliorizing Dissenting ministers to be admitted to see the
tlratttes of the poor-house ; but a dispassionate reader of
on protest would have seen that his objection did not rest
cent to
Principle of the clause, but altogether on its non-ne-
ABPr We like the clause, but should have been satis-
fo7 had it not been insisted upon, because we never doubted
a moment that the liberty it enacts would have been
and loved without it. Lord Brougham thinks the same,
rad Would not on any consideration 'whatever curtail the
leugieus' privileges of the _ poorest subject in the country.
1)8' he hollow and selfish, pursuing purposes of ambition,
Hass he prefers one mode of doing a thing to another
accused of time-serving and other baseness, for the
tart he took in the Warwick Election Bill ; of truckling to
Z"e Earl of Warwick, and of encouraging bribery and cor-
Piicn. But why should he bear all the blame, if blame
...ere be, on that subject, when every Noble Lord present
Need with him ? when even the Earl of Radnor, him-
a-e!ea quondam friend of Cobbett, and a Radical Reformer,
ti;nrutted that the evidence was not sufficient to justify
the enactments of the bill ? The _Morning Chronicle says that
.t els Object of The Times is to break up the Ministry, and to do
heaPin infamy on the head of the Chancellor. We pre-
et, if that be he e that the effect will be the very reverse
131.1,11.4. r is prognosticated.ecas The censure of The Times has
tsi) g since lost its sting. It has acquired to itself the repute-
Of being the most inconsistent journal in the world. Its
" and dislikes vary with the moon. Neither can now affect
trl Iran or tody of men, unless it be in a way directly con-
teen to that intended. It admits that Lord Brougham, for fif-
/,, Years, distinguished himself as the friend of the people.
o' what he has now deserted them we are at a loss to dis-
t: The Ministry, of which he is a member, is more
emecluivocally reforming than any that has hitherto had the
ee'tnageineet of the affairs of the country. He has given
in not:
of very great reforms for the next session, both
a n,e law and the Church. He has just established
lii:e'etY in London, for the promotion of political knowledge.
.ambitious projects will, perhaps, be revealed by and by.
that's new on a visit to his venerable mother, whom he has not,
he
have heard, after the example of former Ministers, yet
andsified• He has diminished his own salary as Chancellor,
age Clerled the patronage attached to his office. The patron-
are Ice has bestowed on favourites is yet behind the curtain, as
le, Is intentions of personal aggrandisement. But the lead-
thejcurnals are in the secret, and, doubtless, they will justify
ih thiselves at the proper season. In the meantime, not being
teribF secret, and unable to discover guilt in a man's not sub-
°h Ling to What we, in all cases, think right, we rest our hopes
We r°r Brought; as the friend of the people.—Prove him,
ie,l43eat, to be hollow, selfish, and corrupt, and our attach-
° him is gone for ever.

Aberdeen Herald.
till e'511013 BROUGC.m—tOhne Thursday a meeting was held in
4 larfr art House, at which all the influential Reformers, and
acltt 6e number of the most respectable inhabitants, were pre-
the 'tto make arrangements for giving a p
and f'o7(l Chancellor on his approaching visitrop to Aberdeen,
athllir testifying their personal respect for his Lordship, their
tlieji, nation of his splendid genius and unrivalled talents, and
cause gratitude for his long and unceasing exertions in the
!lie °f reform, and of civil and religious liberty throughout
'titi ",eld• It was determined, as will be seen fromßthe reso-
ham
t° a's In our advertising columns, to invite Lord r(1)11!g the
frqirbric dinner in th;_giunty Rooms, to present to irmoces_
sloh t,:al, of the city,
rejoie be headed by an; meet his Lordship. in aP
We
our magistrates and City Member.
the le. that our fellow-citizens have resolved. to pday
reto-
'Peet, °ld Chancellor these marks of admiration
caonuntry_
r"aa in and that they will greet their illustrious.
and of
lie ,-,. tnanner worthy of his eminent public services
by an ex-
eelle;:Y of Aberdeen. We are happy to perccive,
serted,.article from the Inverness Courier, . which wehave in-
Vso brln another column, that the inhabitants. of Inverness
,hiurot;grii°ll:,.o_sc to pay. a tribute of esteem and gratitud? to Lord
"garobi:',llPon his passing through that town on his way to
Du
th,,i '1 upon
; and we see the same reception awaits him
othei" 1, and that he has been similarly welcomed in several
te suol'iaces. No man ever did so much as L d Brougham
Lord
and ex-
Pose ;11°11 and disseminate liberal opinion,
ever3,Ases of every description, and to introducetoa reform in
of 0,,-"eseriPtion, and to introduce reform in ery department
exten"sui_Public institutions. On the abolitionlev of slavery, the
press, legal and
Parlia,„," of education, the freedom of the
State'uentary r,form, and the various abuses of. Church and
11.1.0,a-ran heard of these, we ask, was not thehvaeosiacheostottefer.sHntaeptniad_rrnyt
tights rei_, during a quarter of a century, supporting the
eni.mies ,tne, people and launching its anathem
hottest
their
°' the ' 'as lie' not ever to be found in t air,onl,)olitical contest, spreading dismay and ill
Orel epor`e4 ranks of the boroughmongers ? To Lord Brougham,
table AT? we are not only indebted as one of that ever-memo-
new ,:,(,thistry w
as
ho carried our second Magna Charta, that
the lica"aditira of our rights, the Reform Bill ; but, also, _
kt,_ ,st
1 isos Iv, and indefatigable
talented •of those great national
c'llg hef " laid the foundation of our temple of freedom
By his
e-ortl °re the superstructure itself could be raised.
",ZstelnPrerilishig exposure of the iniquities of the old Tory
nriaett.lry'ilarnodu_h, y his powerful. advocacy of liberal. sentiments,
• 1011, an gleam roused into action the sleeping energy
tiolts
led d the
clenurad of the people for a restitution of their
4'aother to the triumph of reform. Lord Brougham has
of the
Ztttti,,estr°ng clairn to the regard of Scotsmen. Ile is
oi: tLe of their country, and - Scotland will now sholy,
su,h warmth of her rection, how proud she ls
rtudt • on. Owing too she does her high
otf_ edtg . the scale of nations, toas her superior system
ht. Aberpn, every Scotsman end especially the inhabitants
1:114,.2.!ith "j_n,awhich is the seat--
of two universities—will greet_
and
4,", tk.:ctionate welcome as the zealous advocate ,of
th_'‘, ittewr 1,. science, and the great propagator of education
to b, among eve class of the community. Amidst
have been. made upon the Ministry, it w''asf
the Cket)Teeted 01 at
age .oitiet
as
,T,, Lord prominent and influential a member 0
__ _ rougham would get his full share of the
s
fEctrlts ;
44*titio,v_Lo,rd Chancellor, like all other men,
.has h.l
a hate no attempted to conceal or palliate his
