DE FOE'S NOVELS AND MISCELLANEOUS
WORKS.

On Wednesday, the Ist of January, will be published, printed
uniformly with the Waverley Novels, Vol. 111. (being the
Life of Captain Singleton, price ss. bound in cloth,
rp FIE NOVELS and MISCELLANEOUS
WORKS of DANIEL DE FOE.
The Work is printed by Mr Talboys, of Oxford. The en-
tire Collection will form Eighteen Volumes. Each Work of
the Author may be purchased separately.
Volume IV. will. be published on the Ist of February, and
contain The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders.

London : Printed for Thomas Tegg, 73, Cheapside ; and
may be procured, by order, of all other Booksellers.

Just published, price 9s. 6d. ,

THE POST-OFFICE LONDON DIREC-
TORY FOR 11140,

Containing a Generrl Alphabetical Directory ; Law Direc-
tory; Trades' Directory, being an accurate Classification of all
Trades and Proressions ; Conveyance Directory; Banki:/g
Directory; Parliamentary Directory, &c. &c.
These various divisions have been compiled from information
collected to a period infinitely more recent than has been at..
tempted in any similar publication, and much therecoro is now
furnished that cannot appear in any other Annual. Work until
1841. Among the various matters c::clusively in this Direc-
tory will be found an accurate detail of the operation of the
recent orders for the Reduciion of Postage upon Correspondence
to every part of the world.
work must form an almost indispensable appendage
to the Banker's desk, the Merchant's councmg-house, the So-
licitor's office, and the Trader's shoo, and at once be of ut;lity
to the public; generally. "—'Times, Nov. 26, 1839.
Simplon, Marshall, and Co., and all Booksellers.

Now ready, GRATIS, and sent by post -(now::only 4.1.) to alll
pasts of the Kingdom. ,
13ULL.'S NEW SYSTEM
14 of supplying Families, Reading Societies, , and Book
Clubs, with all WorKs, Magazines, and Reviews, regularly for
perusal, thoughout England, Scotland, and Ireland, in any
quantity, upon the most advantageous terms.
Full particulars, with a Select List, including all the valuable
new-Publications, can be had gratis, or sent by post (now only
4d.) 'on application to Mr. Bull, Librarian, 19, Holles-street,
Cavendisli-square, London.
Just published, Roan tuck, price 2s, 61,
.POCKET 1300 K FOR. 1840 ;
designed especially for Wcsllvan Methodists. With
lumdsome Steel Engravings of the Wesleyan Centenary Hall
and House, and St. George's Wesleyan Chapel. To
lr continued annually.
London : Hayward ar.d Moore, 53, Paternoster-row; John
Mason, City Road; and all Boaksellers.

A VAST FUND OF AMUSEMENT FOR 17s.
grIRUIKSHANK'S ' COMIC ALMA-
NACK ; the set of six years neatly bound in 2 vols.,
containing 72 Engravings on steel, and six Hieroglyphics, by
GEORGE CRUIKSHANK. Many hundred woodcuts, and
a great variety of humorous pieces.
*,* Possessors of odd volumes may have them completed
and bounty.

Charles Tilt, 86, Fleet-street.

Just publi-shed, by Harvey and Dorton, 55, Gracechurch-

street.

GRECIAN STORIES.
By MARIA HACK.

Author of
" English Stories of the " Olden Time," " Winter Evenings,'
" Geological Sketches," " Harry Beaufoy," &c.
" I find that men as high as trees will write
Dialogue-wise, yet no man doth them slight
For writing se—Bunyan.
Price Bs. 12mo. cloth, lettered.

With Thirty-eight fine Illustrations, by Gilbert ; engraved by
Wright and Folkard.

WIT, FUN, AND HUMOUR FOR THE NEW YEAR.
R UICKSHANK AT HOME,"
CRUICKSHANK'S " OFFERING of MIRTH,"
CRUICKSHANK'S " HUMORIST," and CRUICK-
SHANK'S " ODD VOLUME." Illustrated with One
Hundred and Thirty of the funniest Engravings, by this in-
imitable Artist, and enriched by Contributions from the most
clever writers of the day ; forming a complete Compendium of
Mirth and Variety. Eaeh book is handsomely bound and gilt,
and now offered at only Three Shillings.
The Four Hundred Cuts to Hood's Comic Annual, ten
volumes, on eight large sheets, beautifully printed, only Two
Shillings, the set complete. •
Three Hundred and Twenty Picturesque Views in Great
Britain handsomely bound, only Four Shillings, one quarter
its published price.

London : Edward Lacey, 76, St.. Paul's Church-yard,

On January Ist, to be continued Monthly, No. 1., price
E2s. 6d., of
THE COLONIAL MAGAZINE and
COMMERCIAL MARITIME JOURNAL of the
BRITISH EMPIRE, including our Possessions in the East
and West Indies, North and South America, Asia, Austral-
Asia, Africa, and Europe.
Edited by 11. MONTGOMERY MARTIN, Esq.,
Author of the " History cf the British C4donies, &c.
Detailed Prospectuses may be had of all Booksellers and
Newsvenders

CONTENTS of No. I. :-
1. Present State and Future Prospects of England.-2.
Colonization, Ancient and Alodern.-3. The Naval Power
and Shipping of England.-4. *Catiada.-5. Comrrierce of
India._6. Colonial Government, &c.... 27. Emigration.-3
French Colonies.-9. Opiu.n Trade.— tO. Colonial Intelli-
gence, ObiLiary, &c. &c.
Fisher, Son, and Co., Newgate.strPet, London ; John
Cumming, Dublin; and Johnson, and White and Co., Edin-
burgh.

THE SPORTING REVIEW
FOR JANUARY.
Edited by " CRAVEN."
EMBELLISHMENTS.
Major General Wyndhanr.'s Fox Coursing, near OsWestry, en-
Hounds Breaking Cover, by graved by J. W. Cook.
Prior, after Turner. The Interior of a Greek Hip-
Portrait of Charles Holmes. poneion, by Landells.
CONTENTS.
A Page Proemial. Extracts from Hunting Jour-
C'oursing, Deptford Inn, &c. nals The Queen's and Sir
The Dover Day Mail, by Nim- J. Halket's Stag Hounds, the
rod.
uern Lor Hastis', the
History of the Turf, Chap. Q
11. H.,, thed Hambledong n, and
111., by " Craven." • the Vine.
El Encierro, by R. H. Nimrod on the Wanton Dc-
The Modern Arab Racer. struction of Fox!.s.
"My Horses," by Nimrod. Monthly Memorabilia.
Charles Holmes, Driver of the Literature and Art—Tatter-
Blenheim Coach. sall's List, Turf Register,
Scenes with " Uncle Sam," &c. &c.
No. 6. By Wildrake.
Vols. I. and 11., in fancy el
I6s. 6d. each.
R. Ackermann, Regent-sti
Cummins

lettered, are ready, price

7eet; Menzies, Edinburgh ;
;, Dublin.

PROFESSIONAL. RECORDS; OR, MA RRIAGE MEM -
CAL LY CONSIDERED.
An Original Thesis (in a sealed envelop). Price 55.,
f.N MARRlAGE—iLslntent,Obligations.and
Phjaical and Constitutional Disqualifications ; with Illus-
trations graphic, narrative, and remediate.
Also, by the same Author,
A RATIONAL EXPOSITION of the TREATMENT
of MORBID SECRETIONS, Stricture, and Irritability of
the Uretha, and other infirmities of the reproductive system;
with numerous cases and woodcuts, entitled Medical COl4-
sultations. Price 2s. 6d.
Sherwood, 23, Paternoster-row ; Carvalho, 7.47. Fleet-
street ;. Harris, 25, Bow-street; Sanger, 150, Oxford-street
Smith, druggist, 48, Lothbury, City ; and of all' 130 oksellers in
Toe n and Country.

Just published, price 2s. 6d.,
t PRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI-
IV TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM, their Va-
rieties, Causes, Treatment, and Cure
Py a MEM BE R of the ROYA L COLLEGE of iSURGEONS,
London, and Surgeon to a Metropolitan It Ifirmary.
I am itopol-ent, and not fit to live. '—Last's Records of a
Suicide.

. Sold by Onis byn, Catherine-street, Strand; Templernan,
349, Regent.streei ; T. Hill, Medical Bookseller. Great Wind-
mill-street, Haymarket, London; loss and Niglwingale, Liver-
pool ;. Barlow, Birmingham; and al Booksellers ;n Town and
Country.

THE DONCASTER-;DOG. - •

The breed of our " Watchman's dog" appears to be
a cross between a Scotch cur and an English terrier. He
is black haired, with four tan legs. There is a bright
intelligence in the glance of his eye, an expert cunning
in all his movements, and a surprising agility and ac-
tivity in his whole frame. He is called by the name of
Prim. He makes his appearance at the ,station-house
every night exactly at half-past nine o'clock. He goes
the rounds with each watchman--one after the
other. But Prim knows how needful it is to keep
up a proper dignity ; for, if a supernumerary makes his
appearance; he studiously cuts him dead. He will not
advance a single step with any one, unless he is at-
tired in the proper costume. Bat 'Prim has much
discrimination, and makes one honourable exception.
He has great respect for the head of the police, who
possesses a nobleness and dignity in his bearing, which
carries with it the weight and authority of a true cor-
poration functionary. The chief officer is his chief
favourite ; and he repays the debt of kindness, in the
coin of fidelity. Nor is he attached to any one watch-
man in particular. If any guardian of the night has
got on a livery becoming the 'dignity and high import-
ance of the office, it is to him a sufficient badge of
authority. In proceeding along the respective beats he
is all attention—never deserts the watchman, and con-
tinually displays' the utmost degree of observation,
watchfulness, and attention. But ho is generally mute
in all his proceedings, and never gives mouth un-
less something extraordinary occurs. Yet he is savage
on the approach: of any stranger, and especially
to any delinquent. But,'when a culprit is taken,—no
matter to him whether be has overstepped the bounds
of the Duke of Wellington's Beer Bill, or is guilty of
any breach of the peace,---he evinces. the greatest sa-
tisfaction ; and when he is lodged within the walls of
the gaol, his delight is beyond all hounds, and he im-
mediately shows his readiness to proceed again in search
of another tramgressor, leading the way himself, pro-
viding he with the badge of authority, is inclined to fol-
low. If there is a
of
in the streets at an un-
seasonable hour of the night, he sticks close to the
police. But should he himself discover that a noisy
mob has assembled in a particular . and suspected lo-
cality, ant no watchman is immediately at hand, be
hurries off to the station-house in search of one,
end leads him to the disturbed spot, displaying the
Most remarkable gestures, as much as to say " come
along,--,let's have another." But this is not all. On some
occasions, when anything particular has occurred, Prim
will make his appearance at the Mansion-house during
the forenoon of Monday, for the purpose of seeing how
matters are going on ; and if a commitment takes place,
he accompanies the prisoner to the gaol, and evinces
the greatest delight when he sees him locked up. Prim
is faithful to his office. He has attended the watch-
men night by night, through summer and through
winter, through rain and snow, and sleer, and wind, for
a period of upwards of two years. During the first six
months, he never received any food from the police ;
and it is seldom now that any food is given to him. He
returns at night, but whence he came, or whither he
bl eoauvress o thef t h e stcavtai
toe -nh oeuns ebiaav thee c
ema
scerdn
;n gb,
uwtheinnvatirlicabila;
has departed, is unknown to any one.--Doncaster Ga-
zette.

WRECK.— he sloop obert Spat!,
from Dunkirk to Woodbridge, which former port she
left on Wednesday, the 18th inst., with a cargo of oil
cake for the Lime Kiln Quay Company, late that night
or early on Thursday, in making for the Woodbridge
Harbour, from some cause which we fear will never be
fully explained, got ashore on the Ship Wash or West
Rocks, and was totally wrecked. The boat, an oil can,
and parts of the wreck and cargo, have been since
washed ashore at Bawdsey, but no tidings have been
heard of the crew; which there is no doubt are all lost,
consisting of the master and his daughter, a woman
grown, who had gone over with him on pleasure ; the
mate, named Cooper, and two lads, Taylor and Ward.
The master and mate both leave widows and small
children., The vessel was nearly new, and but a small
share of her insured. The cargo was, we understand,
fully insured.
FREAK OF HYMEN.—There is at present an
eccentric gentleman living in Pocklington, whose age is
about sixty•six, who has up to this time lived in a state
of single blessedness, so much so, that he continually
avoided coming within the influence of, or in contact
with, anything like a woman. Yet, at the eleventh hour,
he has allowed his passions to triumph, and consented
to be asked to Church, on Sunday last, with a dashing
little maiden of just sixteen. The reader looking at the
inequality of their ages, would scarcely credit that ever
such an union should have been contemplated, but it is
a fact, and the wonder in some degree subsides, when be
it known, that, Mr. Ezard (the gentleman alluded to),
it is said is worth near 3,0001. 1 his novel circumstance
causes much animation in the town, and creates in the
females, young and old, who are yet without a husband
A faintish hope, that bye and bye,
They may. alike be pleased;
Some other man may want a wife,
As well as Mr. Ezard.

CONFESSION OF TREE OF THE
PARTIES IMPLICATED IN THE BIRMING-
HAM .MURDER.

BIRMINGHAM, FRIDAY EVENING.—After five day;
investigation into the circumstances of this atrocious
murder, Thomas Walsh, John Walsh (his brother),
Owen Walsh (still at large), and Ellen Connor (son
and daughter of Thomas Walsh), were committed on
Monday, charged with the wilful murder of Pete: Cof-
fey ; and Mary Walsh (wife of John Walsh), as acces-
sory after the fact. The evidence adduced way circum-
stantial ; still no doubt existed in the minds of the pub-
lic as to the guilt of the parties. '

At three o'clock this afternoon the Jury met et the
Aston Tavern, about two miles from Birmingham, and
near the. spot where the body was found, to sign the in-
quisition.
The
CORONER intimated to them that two of tno
prisoners bad made a confession to Inspectors Stephens
and Hall, and that he had in consequence directed that
the prisoners should be brought before them in order
to receive the statements from the parties themselves.
Thomas Walsh was the first brought into the room.

The CORONEa told him that he had in his possession
the statement which had been made by him, and that
he would in his presence read it. He then read it to
the Jury. It ran in these words :
" WEDNESDAY, DEC. 25,1839.—Th0mas Walsh states,
in the presence of Mr. Redfern, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hail,
Mr. Spittle, and Mr. Palmer, after being told that every
thing he said would be used against him at his trial :
A dispute between old Peter and me took place on
Thursday night, December 12th, about the rent. He
was pot,williiig to pay the rent. I.told him he should not
remain in the house. He told me be had as much right to
be in "my house as myself. I told him he. had not, and
be should not remain.. He got up off a rush-bottomed
chair and threw me down on the floor, and be lifted
his knee on my chest. I told him not to kill me. He
loosed me up, and as soon as I got up I took a bar of
iron like a forge tongs, and. I gave him a blow and
killed him. I did not think I should have killed. him.
The bar of iron I threw in the cut below the bridge.
I declare that neither my brother, his wife, or my son,
was present when I did it, but my daughter was. I
am guilty of the crime, and they might do what they
lika with my body. I voluntarily make the above
statement. his

(Signed) " THOMAS WALSH."
' mark.

The prisoner, after being told that he might please
himself about adding any more to the statement, gave
the following answers :—" I struck him a blow with a
bar of iron as he was standing before the fire. I hit
him on the back of the head, and he fell backwards on
the bricks of the floor. When I see he wasn't coming
to himself, I drew him into the coal-hole and threw the
sack over him.

CORONER—How came that wound upon his head ?
Prisoner—Well, I don't know, unless it happened to
him when I was dragging him into the coal hole.

CORONER—You know there was a very large wound
in the forehead. Prisoner—Well, I don't know how it
happened ; nobody had a hand with him but myself.
CORONER—You say the bar of iron was like a forge-
tongs. What has become of them? Prisoner—l put
them into the cut the same night.
CORONER—Nov, the cut has been searched, and
they have not been found. Prisoner—Well, [put them
out of my hand into the cut.
CORONER—When was the body taken from your
house ? Prisoner—On Friday night. There was ne'er
a Christian along with me, unless it was the devil, who
tempted me to do it,
CORONER—How did you take it ? Prisoner—l
dragged him out of the coal-hole, and I put the waggon
by the side, and put part bf him in first, and then I went
behind and put the remainder of him in.
CORONER—Did you put him into the sack ? Pri-
soner—Yes, I did.
CORONER—Where did you tile him to ? Oh, I
took him down there beyond (pointing in the direction
of the spot).
CORONER—Near the railway-bridge? Prisoner—
There's where 1 threw him out of the cart.
CORONER—Who brought the cart to your house ?
Prisoner—My son brought the cart down the entry
from my brother's house, and I brought it from there.
There wasn't a Christian else along with me.

The CORONER then read over the statement to the
prisoner, who added, " that when he was coming back
again he met his son at the, corner of Stafford-street.
He told him to take the cart home. His son told him
on his return-that he had met his uncle, who helped him
'SO take it home'

John Walsh was then brought into the room.
The CORONER said to him, since you were here on
Monday I have had a confession put into my hands
from you, which I will read to you, after which you
may add anything or not as you please.
" Dec. 25, 1339.

" John Walsh states, in the presence of Mr. G. Red-
fern, Mr. R. Stephens, and Mr. W. Hall, that on
Thursday night, Dec. 12, 1839, Owen Walsh came to
my house ; my wife was dressing fresh herrings ; I
asked him to sit down and have some supper with us ;
he said no—he appeared to be all of a flutter ; I asked
him what was the matter ; he said, Oh ! good God,
my father has killed Peter !' I said, ' That be damned
—what Peter ?' He said, My Uncle Peter.' I said,
Do not bother here, but sit down and have some
supper.' He could not ;ho went home, as I think. I
did not see any more of him then. The next day I
went down to put an arm to a chair, near the barracks.
I said to myself, I will call into my brother's house
and light my pipe, and see whether the lad was telling
me a lie. I went in and lit my pipe. My brother, Tho-
mas Walsh, my niece, and nephew, where there. I
said,' What devil's tales was you telling me last night ?'
Owen Walsh said, If I told you any tale you will see.'
He then opened the coal-hole door, and there lay old
Peter dead, covered over with a bag. I lighted my
pipe, and went. A shudder came all over me. I then
went up to the woman's, and put the arm to the chair.
This was on Friday. I voluntarily make the above
statement, which is correct.

(Signed)

“JOHN WALSH.”

CORONER—Now, is there anything more that you
wish to .say 7—Prisoner—On my return home on Friday
night, after selling my umbrellas, I missed my cart from
under my window. I asked my wife where it was. She
said that Owen Walsh took it. I asked her what made
him come for it at that time? (This was on the Friday.)
She said she did not know—it was not long since he ha
gone out of the yard with it. I then went out with my
umbrellas again, and I returned—l can't say exactly
what time--I suppose it was betwixt ten and eleven.
I sent for a pint of beer to the Exchange, and I smoked
my pipe. I then went out to see if the lad was coming
with the cart. I met him near Thomas-street and
Stafford-street. He drew the cart as tar as Cheshhe's,
the Golden Cross, in Dale End, and I then put my
hand to it and went with it to my house.
Ellen Connor was then called in.

The CORONER said to her—l understand you wish
to say something ; I don't want you to do it ; you need
not say anything.
Prisoner—lndeed it is hard to go against my father.
The CORONER here cautioned her that what she said
would be made use of against her.
The prisoner said she wished to state that on the
Thursday night there came a row between my father
and this man (the deceased) about the rent ; they were
talking a good deal, so I desired them two or three times
to drop it. I was doing my own work through the
house. I went up then to make the bed, and I was not
gone long before I heard my father day, " don't kill me."
I came down as soon as -I
could, and I found Peter
stretched on the floor. I shouted out, and my father
put his hand'on my mouth, and he told me he was only
fainted ; and when I saw he was not I fainted myself.
When I got up he had brought him in the coal-hole.
Then when my brother came in I told him, and he was
in a flutter and walked off. Nobody had a hand in it
but my father.—(During the time the prisoner made
this statement she cried bitterly.)
The CORONER then remarked to the Jury that what
had been stated could not alter their verdict. He could
not in his mind conceive that all was correct, particularly
as to the day. The witnesses spoke positively to hav-
ing seen the deceased on the Friday.
The inquisition was then read over, after which the
Jury signed it, and the witnesses were bound over.

" 'THE SPITFIRE."—Captain Chamier's new
work," The Spitfire," for the deep interest of the story, the
variety of its scenes, and the stirring earnestness through-,
out, may be pronounced one of the most successful
works of fiction of the season. One knows hardly which
portion of the work to prefer—that in which one brother
is struggling in the meshes of a villanous attorney on
shore, or the other, in which the younger brother is
achieving immense wealth as a pirate in the West In-
dian seas. Some of the scenes in the latter are equal
to the most celebrated of Cooper's—such, for instance,
as the night attack upon the Monte Tables at Puerto
Cabello ; the attack on the muleteers in Cuba ; the
escape from Cadiz harbour ; the execution of the pirate
Crlos ; the terrible pirate ceremonies on electing cap-
tains and officers ; the blowing up of the cave in the
Isle of Pines, and the final loss of " The Spitfire ;"
each of which would be sufficient to stamp any work as.
the production of a man of genius. indeed, we look
upon " The Spitfire" to be one of the most stirring
nautical romances that have been produced for a long
period.

The Bishop of Sodor and Man having accepted
the Bishopric of Lichfield, it is reported that the Rev.
Robert Dawes, 8.D., Fellow and
.Tutor of Downing
College, will succed hint.—Cambridge Advertiser•.

REFORM OIL PRISON DISCIPLINE

IN SCOTLAND.

Kelly, December 21, 1839.
TO THE EDITORS OF THE GREENOCK ADVERTISER, THI
FAISLEY ADVERTISER, AND THE. RENFAEWSHIRE

REFORMER.

bed leaVe to enclose copies of resolutions
whichq intend to submit for the adoption of the county,
on the 3d oEJanuary, after the resolutions to be reported
on., by the committee of which I am Convener, have
ben disposed Of. •

I have seen t' to be advisable to prepare these reso-
lutims, and to adopt this course, in order to carry out
and support the principles involved in those resolutions
of a More general. character, which I submitted to the
coesideration of the last Court of Quarter Sessions.
And I trust 'confidently, that when both sets are consi-
dered, it will be found that they contain just views of
religious and moral duties, in which humanity and good
government are intimately blended, and that they arc
worthy of adoption by the county of Renfrew.
I remain, your obedient servant,
ROBERT WALLACE.
" Resolved, that it is the opinion of this meeting,
" That the great causes of all crime, whether in young
or old, are ignorance, idleness, poverty, and bad example.
" That education,, with an efficient and expeditious
application of the civil and criminal law; are of para-
mount .importance at all times to the good conduct of the
inhabitants of this and every other country.
" That although crime can "never be extirpated ex-
cept by removing the causes from which it springs, yet
much might be effected for the advantage of society and
offenders by means of more frequent trials, simple pro-
cedure, and a more judicious system 'of secondary pu-
nishrnerit ;• but, above all, by the religious and moral
education of the children of the poor.
" That nothing short of absolute necessity can justify
the protracted imprisonment of juvenile offenders in ill-
constructed or badly-regulated prisons.
" That we cordially concur with the Commissioners
appointed to Report on the Criminal Law of England,
in reprobating the demoralizing practice of detaining
juvenile offenders in common prisons, without classifica-
tion or moral discipline, for long pep iods previous to trial.
" That being thoroughly satisfied of the greater effi-
ciency of immediate and inevitable punishthents than of
such as are less certain and more severe, we place the
highest value on any arrangement which will secure this
invaluable result.

" That imprisonment before trial should be as short
as possible.
" That after imprisonment, and before trial, means
should be adopted for classifying prisoners ; and also for
furnishing them with active employment of some kind,
and leading them, even in this stage, to prefer it to
idleness.

" That the reformation of offenders against the laws,
when committed to prison, will be best consulted by
great care being bestowed on their religious and moral
education, while bodily labour, to a proper extent, is
no less salutary and essential to the health and reforma-
tion of offenders than religious and moral education.
That well regulated employment, and strict disci.
pline, when accompanied by kind treatment, are the
best means for reclaiming offenders of all ages.
" That, after trial and conviction, no time should be
lost in sending eenders (especially the young, or those
accused of first offences), to Houses of Refuge, Peni-
tentiaries, or the like, where their bodies and minds
would be actively or beneficially employed.
" That the confinement of juvenile, offenders in jails,
or the transportation of them to distant lands, have both
been shown by experience to be ill calculated for their
reformation.

" That it is no lets consistent with Christian duty
than with the highest and. clearest principles of huma-
nity, to save young offenders from the unavoidable con-
tamination of jails, and other.badly regulated receptacles,
for prisoners ; and that it is both just, and expedient,
that moans should be adopted to carry into complete
effect, some plan; of providing sufficiently extensive Re-'
loges for these: who are driven into the commission of:
offences through destitution—the artful instigation of
the depraved—or other causes.
" That such Refuges, it is believed, could easily be
made not only self-supporting, by a combination of agri-
cultural and handicraft pursuits, on a sufficient scale, but
they might be easily converted into the most efficient
instruments of reformation and instruction, because no
other means would afford the same varied facilities for
beneficial' employment, and consequently for the bodily
training and education of every class of offenders.

" That, as a means to those ends, we most earnestly
recommend the immediate adoption of more extended
Circuits by the High Court of. Justiciary ; and that the
benefit of such Circuits may be conferred as soon as
possible on this the county of Renfrew.
" That, further, we earnestly recommend that the
three stipendiary Judges of this county shall try all
juvenile offenders within their bounds and jurisdiction,
under simple, but efficient forms of procedure, and with
the least possible delay consistent .with justice ; and
that all offenders who shall be ordered confinement as a
punishment, be sent as soon as practicable to such
places as will tend most directly to their being 'taught
eligions and moral truths, along with some trade or
industrious occupation, so that they may as soon as pos-
sible be set at large, with certificates of good character,
and the ability to maintain themselves by their own
labour, and consequently be well qualified for resorting
to honest and virtuous callings."

ALTERATIONS IN THE COMMON

COUNCIL.

The following alterations have taken place in the Re-
presentation of the Wards of the City at the Elections
which commenced on St. Thomas's Day :
Members Returned
Wards. Members Put Out. in place of the
Rejected.
Aldersgate H. De Jersey E. Mottram 1
Aldgate
Ditto
Bassishaw
Billingsgate . No alteration
Bishopsgate ...
Ditto
Bread-street
Bridge
Broad-street
Candlewick ditto
Castlebaynard ditto
•
Cheap ditto
Coleman-street
Cordwainers . .T. Culverwell Isaac Jolliffe
Cornhill No alteration
Cripplegate Within E. Wilson R. L. Wilson

Ditto
Cripplegate Without No alteration
Dowgate ditto
•
Farringdon Within ditto
Farringdon Without S. S. Woollett S. Wells
Lang:,bourne
Ditto .. R. Haswell • C. Sully
Lime-street
Portsoken
Queenhithe
Tower ditto
Vintry ditto
Walbrook

Mr. Rodgers, who represented the Ward of.B;shops-
gate last year, and who has been an extremely acute,
inteliigent, and active Conservative member, lost h's
election in consequence, it is generally stated, of his
resolute opposition to the grant recommended unani-
mously by the Finance Committee.to be voted by the
Court to the celebrated Oberlin Institute, established
in aid of the abolition of slavery in the United States of
America. The sum recommended by the Committee
was 2004, but Mr. Rodgers and Sir Peter Laurie op-
posed it on rather unpopular grounds, while it was most
ably supported by Alderman Thomas Wood and Mr.
Richard Taylor. .The Court decided against the grant,
but the majcrity was obtained in consequence of the
prevalent opinion that the funds ought not to be applied
to any institution with which the City had no connection.
The result of the discussion in the Court excited some
surprise, especially as it was but a short time since that
a bust to the great father of the abolition of the slavery
question (Mr. Clarkson) was put up in the Court, in
celebration of the victory he achieved.

On Saturday last, as the Manchester mail was
coming down the hill on the other side of Buxton, the
off fore wheel came off, and the coach was thrown over
with groat force. It was at first thought that two ladies
who were outside passengers, were seriously injured,
one of them having fallen under the coach, but by the
great exertions of the coachman and guard, she was ex-
tricated with lit tie more injury than was occasioned by the
fright. The other was so much stunned by the fall
that she was for some time speechless, but in a little
while she so far recovered as to be able to walk into
Buxton. There were four inside passengers, none of
whom were hurt. Another coach was procured at
Buxton, and on arriving at Derby, the man who was
left in charge of the horses having quitted his post for a
moment, they started off with great velocity, turning
the corner into Queen-street with great exactness, and
proceeded on towards the Bell ; but in turning the
corner into Sadler-gate, one of the wheelers fell, by
which they were stopped. It was very providential that
no person was hurt, as Queen-street and Iron-gate were
much crowded at the time.—Derby Reporter.
On Saturday a hull, the property of Mr. &WI..
ders, of Hyddau, ran furiously at and gored Mr. Thomas
Edwards, of Welsh Pool, but without doing him and
serious bodily harm.

The Shreiusbury Chronicle says the Shrop-
shire Sessions commence next week. There are forty
prisoners for trial in the gaol, besides.upwards of 20
admitted to bail. Such a calendar has not been pre•
sented to a Shropshire Jury for many years.

(From the British Colonist.)
TORONTO, FRIDAY, Nov. 22.—His Excellency the
Right Honourable Charles Poulett Thomson, Governor
General, arrived at Toronto yesterday morning by her
Majesty's steam-boat Traveller, Captain Harper. A
company cf the 93d was stationed at the Queen's
Wharf, and the troop of provincial dragoons, com-
manded by Major Magrath, was also in attendance.
On the arrival of the boat, his Excellency Sir George
Arthur and suite proceeded to the wharf, and went on
board the • steamer. Shortly thereafter the Governor-
General landed, under a salute, which was fired from
some pieces of artillery placed on the bank near to the
wharf, for the occasion. His Excellency, accompanied
by the Lieutenant-Governor, proceeded to Government
louse in Sir George's carriage ; and in the afternoon
.their Excellencies walked through the city, viewing- the
different streets and buildings.
To-day, at noor., their Excellencies the Governor-
General and the Lieutenant-Governor, with their re-
spectiv suites, repaired to the Executive Council, where
the 'members of the Council were assembled. Sir
George Arthur presided at the council board, the Go-
vernor-General occupying a place to the right, next to
the Lietitenant-Governor. The Judges, the Crown
offic'ers, the Bishop of Toronto, the Speaker of the
House of Assembly, the Fellows of the College of Phy-
sicians, and other officials were
.present, as well as a
number of spectators.
The Honourable R. A. Tucker, Provincial Secretary,
read the commission by her Majes:y, constituting and
appointing . the Right Hon. Charles "Poulett Thomson,
Captain-,General and Governor-in-Chief of this province'.
This commission is very lorig, and refers to a variety
of matters, connected with the Government of this
province, giving the Governor-Geuelal most ample
powers ; and superseding Sir George Arthur in the Go-
vernment, while Mr. Thomson remains in the province.
The commission having been read, the Governor. Gen-
eral took and subscribed the usual oaths, and a salute
was fired from cannon placed opposite, the Parliament-
buildings. Sir George Arthur then vacated the chair,
which was taken by the GoVei.nor-in-Chief—Sir George
occupying the chair on the ,right, where Mr. Thomson
first sat.

The Members of the. Executire Council were then
sworn in ; and Sir George Arthur introduced to the
Govornor-eneral the Juges and other public func-
tionaries present.

An address by the Common Council of the City was
then read by the Mayor, which, with his Excellency's
reply, we subjoin.
Their Excellencies and suites returned to Govern-
ment .House in .the same order as they came, guarded
by Major Magrath's troop of dragoons.
A guard of honour was furnished by the 32d Regi-
ment at the Executive Council Chamber, and the 93d
Highlanders supplied the guard at the Government
House for the occasion. The bands of the regiments
Were also there : the 32d band in the Parliament-
square, and the 93d band at the Government House.

ADDRESS.

To his Excellency the Right Honourable Charles
Poulett Thomson, one of her Majesty's Most Ho-
nourable Privy Council, Governor-General of all
her Majesty's possessions in British North Ame-
rica, &c.
May it please your Excellency,
We, her Majesty's loyal subj,,xts, the Mayor, Alder-
men, and Commonalty of the City of Toronto, influenced
by the respect due, to the representative of our Gra-
cious Sovereign, beg leave to congratulate your Excel-
lency on your arrival in this city,
Amidst the doubts and incertitude wltich the frequent
changes of Governors and Lieutenanit-Governors of
these provinces, and of the policy of dile Imperial Go-
vernment with regard to them, have created in the
minds of the loyal and well affected inhabitants, we
would fain .hail the arrival of .your Excellency as the
advent of a more certain, permanent, ttnd prnsperous
'condition of our commercial, social, and. political rela-
tions ; which will restore prosperity to the commerce
and agriculture of the provinces, give a mew impulse to
internal improvements, and encourage tile emigration
of our loyal fellow subjects. from the raother country to
this importantappendageml the. Bri• a Crown.

Having understood that one of the principal objects
of your Excellency's. visit to this province, and •of-your
assuming. the Government thereof,is to . ascertain the
state of public opinion .upon the .question of the pro-
posed legislative union of thr., provinces of Lower and
Upper Canada,. we hog to ex.-press our conviction that
any legislative union, which shall not he predicated
upon the ascendancy, of the loyal part of the inhabi-
tants, or which shall give to that portion of the popu-
lation who, from education, habits, and prejudices are
alien to our nation and our institutions--and to that
part of it more particularly which has been engaged in
open rebellion or treasonable conspiracy against the
Government, the same rights and privileges with the loyal
British population of tlltie proviiices, who have adhered
so zealously and faithfully, at the risk of their lives and
property, to their Sovereign ra3d Constitution, would
be fatal to the connection of these provinces with the
parent country.
Faithful in our allegiance to our Sovereign, and calmly
but earnestly determined, so far as depends upon us, the
highest municipal body in the p•rovince,' to perpetuate
the connection with the parent .state, your Excellency
may confidently rely on our cordial support in whatever
measures you may think advisable to adopt tending to
maintain that connection and to uphold the cherished
Constitution under which we livv, and which we are
firmly resolved to the utmost of our power to preserve
inviolate and unchanged.
