t,hpeolaast_ing peace and prosperity of the country.—(Great
euiti Ilse.) He again returned thanks for the splendid re-
and ?it' he had met with from the honest, the industrious,
o lone intelligent inhabitants of Glasgow. His Lordship
,! m einid deafening cheers.
the following addresses were then presented, but not
read :....„
BY m
Gh;g4.: W. Thomson, from flat, weavers (hand-loom) of
1113 Y,, Mr' Dunn, from the North West Political Union.
Glasjgoci: ‘A'allace of Kelly, M. P., from the political union of
Ptorn th :
fro" e magistrates and town council of Greenock, and
Aid e Greenock branch of the Renfrewshire Political Union..
Prom resses were next presented from the trades of Edinburghh
of bs the Edinburgh united Irishmen, and from the burg
1331',jrt
tY ...h.. Bontine, from the Renfrewshire Political Union.
iiY. t,i‘r. NPFadyen, from the inhabitants of Saitcoats.
11),, !-)..r
r• Taylor, from the inhabitants of Ayr.
if_ -,',1 •
.Bruce, from the inhabitants of Irvine. .
1)Y isaihe Craig from the Kilmarnock Political Union. .
,1 Captain s itt,
et f• . - peirs, from the inhabitants of the western dis-
i, ,re Stirlingshire.
~
1,40 THE RIGHT ZION. JOHN GEORGE, EARL OF DURHAM.
otiftli:dte,airl ovvPe,THE INHABITANTS OF THE WESTERN ois-
TRICT OE STIRLINGSHIRE.
I'
MY
Of ',:e, inAshire, in the Inhabitants of the Western. District
4.VOlLsuiolitrtEcOsr—sthe lA'est of Scotland, to express the deep gr
public meeting assembled, avail ourselvesa-
kuoi
eroenw,tehefereigl
iflOtis• the many important services your. Lordship
etcy of Your country. Your patriotic and liberaladr-
of the people, while a Member of the Iloase
lioilitlitn,„ens,----your consistent conduct—your steady and firm
4d/iiin.-.4 to the venal majorities of corrupt and tyrannical
pii,sin is,rations--the large share you had in framing an
ket44,the Reform Act are services which we love to re-
,, As ,and can never forget.
th iisreotsnien, tie feel in a peculiar manner the benefit of
ef;ol;t!'rril ct, which has rescued our country from a state.
Parati;,ll degradation and slavery, and elevated it to com-
ic Nt• Ireedom and dignity.
444 `) Lord, we admire your fearless denunciation of all
~11'rtss%) a:id !sPecially your late public deprecation of all tiinu-
Pl,iii ii4e'ily in carrying into effect such measures of amuels_te
aq all, lolprovement as are acknowledged to he req
l'alaad nr,• ',`erY department of the state, and for which the Rh-
ipit°Per 1.,, ut-Trdnded of our country look as the natural and
;;',e supiLts of the Reform Act; and we trust that, strong in
the boil' ' and confidence of the nation, you will persevdertehisnt
liat „curable course you have so nobly adopted, an
energies
°f Yeur'r statiell you may occupy, you will exert the
tta °Nverful mind to the removal of all existing !thuse ,
still eare;4llY to the furtherance of those reforms which are
kat ile'l for in the representation of the people in the Com-
,' Firlilie of Parliament.
lettieipata"Y, ray Lord, we must be permitted to say, that we
litit to,e Inneh good will result to the country from your
l'estofasett eemraunication with, the true Reformers of the
~ \vial eotland.
414 with everY Wish for your future prosperity and happiness,
l'e with
the fullest reliance in your unimpeachable integrity,
00 et °l' Chairman to sign this address, in our name, and
04
bebalf.

" In name and behalf of the meeting,
llr S
" A G. SPEIRS, Chairman."
'44A..ll'as also presented *ataddress from the town of
,}3' "r,
By NI; geddes from the magistrates of Kilmarnock.
Graham from the trades of Greenock.
143, Ir Nilson from the Strathaven weavers..
10.44rea,„%rrazer from the inhabitants of Johnstone ; and
'elri:h-,'ar,°,ll the inhabitantsm of Galston and Kilbirnie ; and
Lord bbourers of Glasgow.
°Nile f unil•kst then said, he hoped from a consideration
therDT au
had yetcto'undergo, they would allow him
flatter:
return his best thanks to the various bodies, for
duet, 'ring testimorie- they had borne to his public con-
14,1iliaad to say that thes approbation they bad showered on
tiredeweald remember to the last hour of his life. He
netepo such incentive to active exertion, for he alwaysu
!iPle and ever would act, from the purest sense of pri _
kdepe' n,o not for the sake of popularity. He had acted
11.141 vintueot of the frowns of power, nor did he court those
frok tro he could not agree. He never would swerve
t
Nil the avowal of his opinions, and he hoped he would ge-
bt) the
what alone he coveted—justice.—(Loud
.c eer
ith4rhelairealiticipated from them a verdict. that he lived in
or boprtllA • " for his exertions, not for his own interests,. but
fl Interests of his country.—(Cheers.) Till his last
nets aned
)would feel the deepest gratitude for the great kind-
-0
aplia4 attention they had bestowed on him.—(Shouts
of
'
tiaortl is ,e eaehing the south side of the hustings, his Lordship.
1)44, I addressed
al),lriZtaerl the crowd on that side, and to whom his
e.l;Yiwas, and again returned thanks for their over-
t, At -ouness.
the probe conclusion of the proceedings on the hustings,
4treet:74on moved from the Green along Saltmaiktteb;
si,fon'ate and Argyll-streets, Queen-street, and
in
Inn °cf G'or e's-' uare. His Lordship walked
procession alongci with the magistrates, and most
'3l°ll texeellen-h°4ler was maintained in that part of the proces-
thiew e tftin and police-officers. Every place where a
le3ent°ol' be commanded was occupied. The windowsil
e a rich display of beauty and fashion, embe -
le
sit;ene. The populace on all sides cheered his Lordi
h."legasetli: walked along, but he was so plainly attired, and
"et wh•-eir devoid of that aristocratic and haughty. man:
1/etlY leti the Tory press so frequently, but most impro
4ifte'lattribute to la. that in many instances it was with
eity
as
Th 2„ known.l A tremendous crush was made
er'N2s;lcillare to- hear the Noble Earl's good-bye.
-4
calls -°vie Earl o enteredi the door of the hotel, but on
kill d °f the
for a speech, his Lordship re-
hand ht° th,e outsfTeacend the Marshal having obtained
;and en-e; the vravin of his baton, his Lordship in a very
:eePt.' n-binaPner, expressed his gratitude for the flattering
ir°adit°o -e had obtained from those with whom he was
he was now identified as a fellow-citizen. His
r .1.
"rnPlitnented the citizens on their intelligenceu
oneoeisPieetabirity. While he sought them not. to give
hep
4°P tilOse Principles which identified him with them,
4„thaeY would conduct themselves with thnt respectla-as t
e -".Patriotisin which are the boast of a free state:
Niltsertai,
"e said, that in struggling for those political
Yet b„w"ieh the higher classes would withhold, they wouldflt
they ieto6oll3, and it would be far from him to say that
ba
atai4"tehre inot to persevere. His Lordship concluded
di
y
14aYed-taonKiilg them for the marks of respect they had s-
tr wards him
1%4n: aentence which the noble Earl uttered was fol-
fq a ".Y immense applause, and loud cheering was kept up
te-4ellsiderable time after his Lordship had bowed, and
keeedelV, the hotel. The trades then dispersed, each body
e' t'Y its own bands and flags.
%Lire e Political Union for the Lower Ward of Renfrew-
kloCeeeloParlied ba deputation of the inhabitants, and
by
Trades of Greenock, arrived by the Clarence
the r°lll Greenock at half-past 10 o clock, and, headed
Inn Greenock instrumentalband, proceeded to the Eagle
1(e1114
b y, AI cession, and were there joined by Mr. Wallace of
4`enfre
~"•••, Mr. Bontine ot Ardoc , President of the
zienor Politic I IT ion, and a number ot the coun-
re 3 and members afro °v
various parts of the county. The
til;;Zec.ll,ll;eßaetftoerntl.er-s, asinthaey. peced through the city, t-
-1;4., is. pat
..en. ion of the spectators. The flags carried
sdk Ott band of Reformers
chaste ,diner of the Renfrewshire Union';cl:st,the beautiful
secondly, a
Priate • red silk and blue-coloured flag, bearing appro-
_
1 los
tile eription commemorative of the sufferings of :Muir
t 144 ehluse, of Reform ; and two other Taos. This party
nisFenuid appearance, being well dressed, and wearing
4sia.,-als of the Unim‘, leaves of the oak tree, and other
4a 'as of
union and 'reform. They arrived at thedlemis,tis-
411)e4,eensliderable time before" Earl Durham m

in 11, d; THE DINNER.
-"? tiller, like that at Edinburgh, was held in a build-
ktt,',,Pleially „„
d for it by subscription ; 1,450 persons
,kofu'd it, and eke
comfortably accommodated under its ',
vAiljb As there was a smaller number of guests than at
1114 :01, greater space was allowed to each person. ; and
na e ,
j'r the b"stanee, accompanied with the better ventilation
/tiliell ...11ilding, prevented that annoyance from the heat
kt tA.4t Edinburgh .was almost stifling. The ladies, who
I kn'til4burgli were laced in a gallery, at such a. lisance
Ikeq,,e chairmen's table as to hear little or nothing of the
‘hov,',s, were at Glasgow placed in a gallery it. /, immediately
rsPer ' was decorated with festoons of evergreens,.. m-
'"rse sefd with flowers, and when filled, as it was, in the
11.etio ° the evening, added much to the beauty and at-
lery, in °f af the scene. Opposite to them was another aol-f
tile si`ti which tables were placed for guests ; and at one L4:raer:' was another gallery in which the musical n
per-
'led ~,,- were Placed. The appearance of the room when
h 3 l 'as Peculiar] splendid. It was lighted by 1
NQC.lldeliers
tsl Jet was haviY.ng•n
with crys-
early twto. thousand jets,
njeert s, an ( the
styes
the ,r; hung in the most tasteful
; 'on
j'etn, a,":4llPanY, Previously to their admission into the
r:ol-
'e3e, ii gad themselves in the area of Anderson'sft
I,lglit. clay the various stewards, in twenty-
o w
headed t4tle seats were then balloted for, and each party,
fell to t.,7 two stewa.rds, was ushered into the places whichls
Ilkster'lrn, under the.direction of Mr. Bell, who acted ..,_
41M fo,°,the ceremonies. A private entrance was 1:1?*°\ le
ellerali le reporters, who received from the Committe
4116,4 Y, hut inore particularly from Mr. Bell, every
at-
At 4e,11d accommodation which they. could desire.
rit,teclit- Shieldhalpl
INA, - reinutes Os-
stt
ssq.o:clock, the Chairman, James
M.P. for the city of Glasgow,
ill3ort,t,l re" 111, accompanied by the noble Earl, and was
Itarit, r.' en his right by Bailie Gilmour, Charles Ten-
Esq., °All.Bi4t.ll°.l.ox, Esq., Bailie Mills, J. S. Buckingham,
eft b„ ~ ilalie Lumsden, and Professor Mylne ;
tideivslitlle
c__.on the
, II Arthur Kinnaird, Alexander Speirs, .of
444', 's(l., raiii, Fleming, W. D. Gillon, of Wall-
,
A. ~N., M.P., Robert Walace, of Kelly, Esq.,
prbe ,-; Bontine, of Yialaystone, Esq,
4114 bretiPiers were Colin roOlov ofALI ~
euglas, of , , - • Q Shiers, of
rlA'olero.ss, Esq.
Darioch, Esq. ;rang 41,1

Calcreuch, Esq. They were supported on the right by
Provost Hardie, and Bales Hendry and Jaffrey, John
Denny, Esq., Dumbarton, and David Hamilton, Esq. On
the left by William Stirling Esq., of Ccrdall ; Andrew
Mitchell, Esq., of Maulside ; Alexander Denniston, Esq.,
and Professor Mylne, who said grace and returned thanks ;
and we have to remark that here the dinner was not con-
cluded before it commenced.. The Radicals of Glasgow
were not so eager to pounce upon the loaves and fishes as
the Whigs of Edinburgh.
After the dinner had been regularly concluded, " The
King," " The Queen," and " The Princess Victoria,"" The
Duke of Sussex, and the rest of the Royal Family," were
all given from the Chair without remark, and drunk with
the utmost loyalty and enthusiasm.
The CHAIRMAN—I shall give without preface, for it re-
quires none, " The People, the only true source of political
power." Immense cheering and waving of handkerchiefs.
Toast—" The Navy and Army, and may service and
merit be the only means of promotion."
The CHAIRMAN said that he rose to propose a toast on
which he might perhaps make some observation, but the
meeting was well aware that he was no speaker, and that he
should not detain them long, for they had not assembled
that day to hear him speak.—(A laugh.) The toast con-
tained a sentiment, and as it was better expressed than any
thing he could say on the subject, he should, withour fur-
ther preface, give " Lord Melbourne and his Majesty's Mi-
nisters, and we trust that their practise in power will be in
accordance with their principles in opposition." The toast
was received with three hearty cheers. •
An appropriate song was then sung by the professional
gentlemen. •
The CHAIR//AN then rose to propose a toast, which he
said that he knew that they would receive with enthusiasm,
and he might, if he had the power, detain them for some
time, in bringing before them the high merits of the Noble
Lord whom they had the honour of seeing among them
that day.—(Cheering and waving of handkerchiefs.) He
might begin by stating to them,tiiat the father of the Noble
Lord, their guest, sat as the preses of the meeting of the
friends of the people of that town in I792.—(Cheers con-
tinued.)_He might add, that in no one point had the son de-
viated from the principles then expreSsed by the father.—
(Cheers.) He would not dilate on the public virtues of
tl:e Noble Lord, for there were two reasons why he would
not detain them long. The first was because he could not
do justice to the subject ; and the second was, that the
straightforward, manly, and intellectual character of the
Noble Lord convinced him that he (Earl Durham) would
feel it unpleasant to have his praises sung before him.—
(Cheers.) He could only say that in no one instance had
the Noble Lord deviated from the principles he had pro-
fessed in his outset of public life. He had always gone
straightforward to his object. He had turned neither to
the right nor to the left—(cheers) ; but bad dared to be
honest in the worst of times.—(Cheers.) In times of diffi-
culty and danger he had always been at his pest to .advo-
cate the cause of the people ; and he (the Chairman) was
quite sure that the Noble Lord's conduct henceforward
would always correspond with what they had hitherto known
of it.—(Cheers.) He might say more ; but, for the rea-
sons he had already given, he should do nothing more than
propose that they drink the health of the Earl of Durham
with all honours.
. This toast was received with a degree of enthusiasm
which nothing could surpass. -
The Earl of DURHAM, after the enthusiastic cheering
had at length subsided into silence, addressed the meeting
in nearly the following terms :—" Mr. Chairman and Gen-
tlemen, I stand .in need of your utmost indulgence—
(Cheers)—I require from you, not merely your belief in the
expressions which I am about to utter, but also your con-
viction in the sincerity of my feelings, which surpass all
powers of utterance.—(Cheers.) Worldly honours have
been conferred upon me. I have the good fortune to re-
ceive for my services the approbation of my Sovereign ; I
have been listened to with favourable attention in both
Houses of Parliament ; but in all those situations, and
under all those circumstances, eliciting feelings of just and
honourable pride, there has been wanting that animating
excitement., that inspiriting enthusiasm, which always fills'
my breast when I am cheered and gratified by the appro-
bation of my fellow-countrymen, eagerly pursuing the same
object with myself, unalloyed by private or public considera-
tions,—that object being that great public object which ought
to be the end and aim of all our exertions—the improve-
ment and welfare of our common country.--(Cheers.) I
am not, therefore, sufficiently master of myself to thank
you as I ought ; and yet how warmly ought I to-thank you,
for you have placed me in an elevation vainly envied by
those infinitely superior to me in talent and ability—(Loud
cries of " No, no") ; and yet I will not discredit your choice
so much as so say that I have not deserved well of you.—
(Cheers.) For more than twenty 'years I have laboured
honestly ,zealously, and conscientiously in the public cause.
—(Cheers.) I have never deviated,—as my lion. friend
your excellent chairman has told you,—at least my con-
science acquits me of having ever deviated either to the
right or to the left.. I have pursued unceasingly the path
pointed out to me by my excellent father, to. whom be
alluded ; and if I can continue to pursue the same course,
I believe and trust that I shall continue to be honoured
with your applause.—(Cheers.) But if you are thus kind
—I might say if you are thus just to me—there are others
who will not mete out to me the same justice.—(Cheers
and cries of "Shame.") It may be, perhaps, on account
of the two great favour which I find at your hands.— ,
(Cheers.) Every inducement has been tendered to me
since I received your invitation to prevent me from coming
to meet you here this day.—(lmmense cheering.) I was
told, forsooth, that I should find your principles too vio-
lent, and that I should commit myself by endeavouring to
follow up those opinions which tend to the destruction of all
good government.—(Cheers.) My answer to all this was two-
fold. In the first place, I denied that I should find .any
such principles here among the men of Glasgow (Cheers),
and I ask you fearlessly whether the events of this day
have not proved my anticipations to be correct ? I ask
you, who have looked round upon the immense multitudes
assembled on the green this day, and who have listened to
the sentiments contained in the addresses presented to me— •
I ask you whether there is any the slightest foundation for '
such a report ?—(No, no.) But, gentlemen, I must say,
in justice, that this injustice meted out to me came only
from one quarter of .the country. You are all aware of the
quarter to which I allude.—( A scornful laugh of recogni-
tion.) I set aside for the present our mutual, enemies the
Tories,—but among those who profess liberal sentiments, I
know of an attack from one quarter only, and that quarter is
the capital of this country.—(Cheers.) I ask you, is that
attack just, is it fair, is it founded on public principle? Is
there any public principle which I have violated ? Why
then, if no public principle is concerned, why am I thus
turned round upon by these persons, and denounced as a
tvrant in private, and as an impostor in public ?—(Great
Cheering.) I will not seek to discover their motives, if they
be not founded on public reasons. It would be. too pain-
ful for me to reflect upon the motives by which their attacks
may have been prompted. But I will take this opportunity,
of doing myself an act of justice before you, my fellow-
c:tizens of Glasgow, I will avail myself of this opportunity
to justify myself, which I will do—(Great cheers),—against
these accusations. I will state to you, first; what the accusa-
tions are. I will not blink any one charge preferred
anniinet me. First of all, it is stated that I wished to pro-
pose a I4popular plan of reform than that which was
givcn to the people by the government.—( Hear.) I distinctly
and positively assert to you that that is false.—(Deafening
cheers.) The next charge against me is, that I willingly
consented to certain mutilations of the Reform Bill. ' I
shall prove to you how false that charge is, when I state to
you that I was not in England when those mutilations and
changes were ingrafted on it.—(Cheers.) I had just suf-
fered the first of a series of calamities which might have
unnerved a man of the steadiest mind, and I had been
kindly and considerately permitted by my Sovereign to
travel for a time to recruit my health and spirits.—(Cheers.)
I was not, I say, inEngland then, and I therefore cannot
be considered answerable for the preparations for the second
Reform Bill.--(Cheers.) You are all aware, gentlemen,
of the public contradiction which I have felt it necessary to
give to certain charges affecting my public character. After
making that contradiction public, I felt that my first duty
was to consult upon the subject a person then filling the
Highest station in the country, who had, as I think you will
allow, a right to be consulted by me upon it. There is no
man living who has a more complete case in vindication
'than I have.—(Cheers.) But I placed myself in his hands,
and wished to have permission-from him to state every cir-
cumstance. I believe the shortest way for me to proceed
will be to read the letter which Earl Grey has addressed to
me on the subject. It is as follows :
" Howick, Oct. 25.
" ' My dear Lambton,—ln answer to your desire to know
how far you would be justified in stating publicly what occurred
in the preparation and discussion of the Reform Bill by the
King's confidential servants, I can have no hesitation in saying
that, in my 0-pinion, no such disclosure can be made, consist-
ently with the obligat;ons of private confidence, and of public
duty. Were all that has taken place with respect to individual
opinions, or the various modifica.tions which almost every mea-
sure of Government must undergo, before it is finally agreed
upon, to be exposed to public view, there must be an end of
all security and confidence in his Majesty's Councils.
Having stated this opinion confidently and frankly, it
may, perhaps, be satisfactory to you to add, that, in all my
communications with you On the subject of the Reform Bill, d
nothing occurred to cast a doubt on the consiste of ur
anxious desirency to assist in
renderingpri nciples ,
tor a on
safey ourand
sincere
efficacious
iteasuro,
" Believe me ever, my dear Lambton,
Yours most faithfully and affectionately,
"'GREY."'

Yon will therefore perceive that j am precluded from Etat-
inz,the particulars relative to the preparation J v.scond
Reform Bill, which tend to the justification of myself from
these charges, and you must therefore be content to take
