QUEEN-SCALME.

A charge against M. I.IotINCmAN, the Danish:
Consul-General, preferred by a voting. woinan,
was yesterday gone into at this Otiiee, before Mr.
PcasTow.—The statement of the prosecutor was
in substance as

A short time since she was engaged as a ser,-
.snlut by Madame.Rodrigues, of Cleveland-Row.
After- a few days,' she discoyercd tlitt her mis-
tress w,as kept by a-gentleman Who had a large
family and, in, conseptelice, on the Saturda'y fol.s
'lowing the Wednesday on which' she -went to the
place, she (from a dread of 'losing her character
by announced her determina-
tion to go; and :took: her departure-on -the
Sunday • morning. She applied to .Lady M.
Gower, ~,iicki,r:lybm o she had formerly lived, for ts.
character, when site discovered that Madame Ro.
(triples, after she had quitted her service, had
written to her LadyAiip for one, which had beets
sent, and .surprise ,teas expressed that another
should be asked. She sent a person to Madame
It. for the character which she had obtained :root
Lady-M.G. bh-tit was not given; In consequence
of this, the prosecutor lost a place, which hut for
This eiretoustaAce she might, have obtained. Oa
Wediiestloast,she waited on-Madame Rodrigues
by appointut:' The' defendant was with the
lady, and on the prosecutor asking for her eira-
racter, he told her that she was a good-tor-
nothing woman, that site, was wot se than a com-
mon --- in the streets, that she was ,thief,
and had stolen a sdver spoon,and if he bad a rod
he would whip her. He then struck her several
times, and she knows not what he would 'have
none (tail not the Lady interposed. Slot 'then
,went away much bruised; and bleeding at the
mouth, from the blOwS she had received.
The. defendant endeavoured to shew that his
conthict itall not been corre(tty described ; hat
he admitted he had acted very inwroPerlY) and
expressed himself to inbke the. rntag wo..
Man a handsome compens,:ttion. ittr,tir
inated in his engaging to do this, and to pro.,
cure for the prosecutor the ehiqatiten which had
been ohtAined by Madame Roaritines f.t.uu Lldy
M. Gower.

~,::._.;

ON THE PUBLIC SPIRIT OF FRANCE.

(From the .I,ournal

I shall not Speak of tiie public spirit of the
rapi6l. 1 should''be ill prepared for the task,
'aving Ceases! to -make it My'yesidenee the day 'on
iwhich the t)-' rant entard it., bring rlesolvcd never
to ;Appear in it again, SO lung as it should be un-
`der his power. 1 speak of the state of the public
inintl, ttlose parts of the country which I have
'seen, in tht proviptei I have traversed, and I de,
Clare it ,vith as mitch truth as regret, that never
since Cie erhel 'epoch of 1793, did the provinces
France Present a More revolutionary aspect
t;id the multitude, the eternal sport of 1;16-
.14)11S,, the san!.ptinary histromi.nit'of all the chiefs
r,:volt and •finauchy,, display a more eager.dis-
-I);i.ition to instil fection and violence. Never was.
the poison of calumny infus'ed mith greater care,
4.r the tire of dis'eoid fed With more zeal and per-

severance.
it the' ralamitoici day of Mont ST. Jean,
and the entry'ofthe ttoops into Fra' nee had.
riot Hrrcsted th,t. projects . of the wlched; France
Moutent;-as in -the most deplorable days of
Icr IT Vali i9tiy tvOuld prt,ent.oothing hat heaps
itt ruins, of asirc, and dead bodies. It woold
be ipipossible to tell 'Or wl.mt txtent the dereAahle.
In;citts of imperial tyranny had sta:ceeded in cor-
rupting, and perverting., and pois-oniog, the
pnh-
jc mind. The cause of the Bourbons was lost in
almost all the provinces, a long time helot e go-
vertment suspceted the disorder, or 'the ministets
were advertised of its existA:ttice. '
It ,vas not in the short space of a few days,
but,in the slow aod'silent combinations of 'seVvral
months that the eternal ent:tuies of the public re-
pose, the fanatical preachers of the principles of
anarchy; the unrelenting satellites of Iluonaparte
baLl prepared the Mean:, of effecting their criminal
designs.
They had set in motion all the artifices of to-
ntilt and discord, who tor the laSt 25 years 'al-
ways united in.alliance, always engaged in eon-
spracles acid revolt, have never surrendered the
hope of re-inflicting upon our unhappy country
the scourges of revolution.
Every city, every ;town had its committee
charged with the. 'office of caluntiating the Go-
vernment, and of spreading among the people
alarms fitted to ex'cre to inszlrrection. They never
ceased to terrify the nation with the re-estab-
lishment of tithes of signorial rights and all the
evils of feudal servitude. They pointed out in
every
,priest, in every tioblei in every citizen of
'higher rank an irreconcileable enemy.
la vain the edicts of the King, his paternal
bounty, and all the acts of ,h 5 Government, gave
the lie to these impostures; 'even the bounty of
the King was calumniated, and his edicts were
described to the people its arrul measurei. to se-
Cure more certainly the end at which lie aimed.
Advantage Was artfully taken of certain inrprodent
writings, of certain foolish declamations of the
public prints! against those who had atqoired
ita:ional property.. Suppprt was sought for those
suspicions in the silly and ,intliBereet conversations
of some men, who having theie heads fall of the old
ideas of absolute monarchy, spoke.of nothing but
the overthrow of the Constitutional Charter,
otthe,cPproaching return of the Acl regime. -
Woe to thrise, who, without intending it, have
contributed to mislead the multitude, and to ad-
vance the projects of the wicked.
• All was prepared toy the triumph of the con-
spirators, when, line Satan when he-ascended
from the abyss of the infernal t;er..ieini, the a:ithor.
of all our MisfOrttines escaped 'front the rock of
his island, and appeaied On our coasts, like those
dreadful meteors which cause a total desolation
uherever they pass. ;
, .
Then the activity of the faCtions and the evil-'
disnoed redoubled in points .of France. In all
the del iatments the COmmittees of Conspiracy
shouted with joy. They celebrated with festival's
the d,-parture. of the best of 'King's, and the te-,
. turn of the most Lletestable of Tyrants, The pub-
lic sorro;vAteeame to these blood-thir;ty men a
subject of gladucss. All -the good citizens of
France were cousttained to conceal in their hearts
the regret& that devoured 'them. Impatient and
lyivg ;ifidresles were presented. in the name of
titi,s which durst not laotest against the foul int-

t
well illtentioned citizens in vain aiiempteu to en-
lighten the nation. The public cantles who
Misled it, piloted the out as the secret 'agents
and acCOmpliceS of foreign pOwers.
Th'e public mind waSinflained more Mid
Nothing was spoken of at the towns, in ,the vil-
lages, but the baiting of citutaii?,', the ntassacres
of priests, (troubles, tool of royalists. Unworthy
prefects joined in. these excesseS, either by a
base connivance or a criminal support ; the most
iPilAnoitato:yyl,leards were exhibited, the lists of
prOtcriptkin we're prepared, anti free scope Wits
given to the tno,t culpable acts of violence.
No longer Way there ally SeCtlrity fo'r' citizen's,
or guaratoce forp-ersonal liberty; the most re:-
spectable. men were cimapelled• to shut themselves
up in their houses, that they might not be expcs-
ed to the iiisnits aml ontrages Of a mutinous po-
pulace. Skeet charges, false and lying accusa-
tions were collected, encouraged, protected;
banishments, arrests, arbitrary emitributions, all
the exactions of the revolutionary regime sprung
up with frightful
It iu+tst be recollected, that one of the Mem-
bers. of Binmaparte's Chambers of Peers openly
declared, that in Ws departnient, one of the least
considerable toe kingdom, more, than 80 per-.
seins were carried off from their homes without
previous without legal forms. •,
These numerous excesses were encourageW,hy
the demagogic ravings of. some 'pretended repro-,
sentatives of the people. Who can- forget the
phreozied motious of one Lequevel, who proposed
16 place out,of the protection of the law the faith-
Subjects of the King and their relatives, hoth
itr the aseendin:, and descending ,line.! Who does
not yet ,recollect the furious deelainalioos of seve-
ral other maniacs with whom the refuse-of "tire.
Electoral Colleiges defiled the, temple of the laws.
Already the new'Septeinbrizers did not diSgoise
their projects. All the symptoms of a general St.
Bartholomew made their alarming appearance.
Information which could not be despised, an-
trimeed that the massacre was fixed For Sunday,
the .2d of July. One might have said
..that hell
had opened its gniphs to revomit on France all
the revolutionary demons. But the rapid march
of the AllieS. Made the assassins tremble, aud ar-
rested their murderous hands.
Since then, the plots of assassins are adjourned,.
not abandoned. Who would credit.that in varous
departments, particularly that of the Seine, and
Marne.of which the head town is not 'snore th'ap
ten leagues from Paris, the return of the King is
only known by the journals? I 'Write this ou
the 17th of .July, and since the Bth,
_when the
ring; :entered Paris no Proclamation of the Pre-
feet ha S contoMnicated to us that event ; Ordi-
' trance of the King is yet officially known or pub-
lished. Inthedisttict ofProvins theSub-Prefeet,an
honOnrAble man, was obliged to begin of his OWIt
accord, and to announce to those under him that
it wis no longer a crime- to be faithful to their
Prince., Several communes which .wefe waiting
for superior orders, and•s!ill tre:tobliOg before the
agents of Buonaparie, were found by the Allied
Armies with the tri-coloured flag-; oboe of
lie
revolutionary Prefects have yet received orders to
terminate their functions.
When, however, Buonaparte was- the object,
there was i'to sleePing at the prefecture ; his De-
' trees.werepatilishyd, proclaimed with incredible
celerity.Lieveii,ii-inirg• aitcl. Ws entrance into
Paris, all the Communes Of the Department were
made acquainted with- that great,' kloriolig, and
memorfible event,—=for thOs it was unbinshingly
characterised. Perjured and faithless Magistrates,
no longer flatter yourselves with deceiving us:—
You would , have honours and forttore, who-
ever be the dominant power.; but :men to whom
all GovernmentS arc alike, are not fit for any
Government. It- is high time to put a period
„to that system of pw-tidy and duplicity which
has hitherto Made the fOrtunes of so many con-
temptible individuals. It is time to drive from
public. functions these Men without conscience,
whom neither oaths nor honour can bind.—
What confidence can they inspire in the faithful
Subjects of the King—men who were forward
not only to accept, but to support by criminal
efforts a disgraceful compact, which expelled from
the throne the only Sovereign whom the rights of
birth and the national wish called to it.
Three Months of disorder and revolt, of trea-
son and of •baseness; have at 1a.4 unmasked the
wicked, and marked ditt-the men worthy of public
honours and difice.

posture. •
'l'lley proclaimed, as the benefactor of mankind a
the 'Tyrant who was their most horrible scOurge;
as
_the defender of liberty, him, who was its
roost cruel oppressof,—as the only national Sove-
reign, him ‘vho was not evim a native of Fiance.
Vbat shall I say of those revolting outrages, la-
vished with the basest insolence upon Princes most
worthy- of ow respect and love. Fear, ambition, . ~
NAVIGATION
OF THEPo.
and baseness, were liot, long in procuring to the - ,* •
conspirators numerous- auxiliaries. „Magistrates . 456. The general principles adopted hY the Con-
of the people, Public Functionaries loaded with gress at Vienna, for the navigation of rivers, shall
the royal ,bounty, did not blush to crouch at the be applicable to that of the Po.
feet of the 1./Surlier, and to offer him the expres- 97. This article- provides arrangements, by
lion of those sentiments-of loyalty, which but a which the, establisinncrit known under the name
lea' wombs before they lid vowed to their legi-:. of Mont Napoleon at Milan, shall lie enabled to
(invite Sovereign ; others, covetous of honours, fulfil its engagements towards its et editors.
it d not the shame-to beg from the Tyrant that STATES OF MODENA, IMSA, AND CARRARA.
decoration which they had received front the fa- 9S. His Royal Highness the Archduke Francis
thit of his people, and to wear it .thus soiled by
D'Este,• his heirs and successors, shall posse4s ill
the hand from which they had reecived it. full,
lso.vcreiguty
.the Atichies of Modena, Reggio,
All, except a few intrepid souls, trcilible(.l_A,b_ei7 ' ato rlirandola, in the same extent as they were
171,e,saittietailiiieitost,oerrrti,itootti'dteh. the
,ilt‘eow.vTilit...iitilekteueeti,s ailoast aiiti. at the signing of the treaty of CaMpo.l.-?ormio.
oni,munes. ' The Archduchess Maria Beatrix D',llste, her
Dot been carried in some c
Ti4e white heirs and 'successors,' shall possess the duchy of
114 has beets intrut.aanid thtues and savage. ac- i-Massa, and the principality of Carrara, as well as
clatnations. The faithful t,,ubjects of the King, the collegial fiefs in La Lonigiana.
the Nobles, sari the priests, !lave tfteu mauled
•:,
ouf as devotellvictiles, to' be skicrificed .to this . PARMA AND PL.ACF,NTIA.
- _
911er Majesty the Empress Maria Louisa,
Itewdivinity. • , , . . .
shall possets in full sovereignty the• &tellies of
Every day begot new, menaces and freit.-h disor-
ders; •Itnposture streeeedea •i't.nposture. Some- Parma, Plitceutia,, and Guattkillay with the ex-
- times Napoleon had not left th,ci--island of :Elba. ception of the districts
,inelosed in the States' of
,but its concert wil'h the'Allied fliwets,. i!'ito. Isad his imperial Majest.y on
,the lefrbank of the Pd.
sband'hued. +ll4 e- cable; Of t hi: "pourbow; the ,pu.. -",l,tie reversibility of these'countries shall be de-
press Mariu'Lotika had Set.otit from Austria with ~ritifined by the common. Consent of the Courts of
the thi.„o„f Austria Rus.ia France,Spain,E 1 i -
~..
.. ,
••••
~ ut.,,, aim, alld
the `'.ctrl; iit",'ll.olkili'to re-as'ccuel i I. illz,sia alwa •s •-• care:
. o_,. so,t.fysion of the House of Austrikt kuld of 'be'
France•Vt•ofhetirnes the :1(1 L(1 Poivers .were ant- ,
~. ;., . 5 taking to respeet,.the rights
rand irk! art,l3'fa rice on v„tpose only to &vide the.
15.10,, of SardMa, on the'said countries. . -
kiligcliot, and tO red:fee-0 slavery all the. wretch sii
td initithitaiits Of'tthe.t;onnirY. The most absurd POSSESSIONS Op TUE GRAND DAB 01 TLTShNT.
diffused . 100. The 'Archduke Ferdinand, of Austria, is
ieporis', tlie:fiaOst stupid caluinnies, were
sovereignty over the
ivith an aStif.alte innl air audacity that. imposed restored to all his rights of
intim the tiiilltit'ude, People Of seuse, wise and . griimi duchy of. Tuscany anal its devendemiots, as

SALGUES.

ACTS Oi CONGRESS OF VIENNA.

(Concluded fronz Yesterday's Piper.)
