CERTIFICATES-JUNE 24.

James Ferguson Cole, New Bond-street, chronometer,
watch, and clock-maker—Wm. Hancock, Balsover, Der-
byshire, innkeeper—John Andrews, Swindon, Wiltshire,
mercer and draper—William Williams, Norwich, pawn-
broker—John Beeley and John Yeomans, Birmingham,
druggists—Wm. and Thomas Gilbert, Leadenhall-street,
opticians—Andre Gandon, Somerset-street, Portman-
square, bookseller—John Harling, Lancaster, money-scri-
vener—Henry Wilton, Union-court, Broad-street, mer-
chant—Thomas Clay, Coleman-street, warehouseman—
Tamerlane Bowen, Lynn, Norfolk, draper.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
Jonathan Crookes and James Bingham, Sheffield, ma-
nufacturers of pen-knives—William Grice and John Grice,
Warrington, grocers—Archibald H. Rutherfoord and John
Mutton, Fen-court, merchants—Thomas James Hammond
and Hammond, Eton, surgeons—Thomas Turner
and John Henry.Killiek, Lewisham, Kent, butchers—Athelbert

Joseph Chmel and Henrique Ricardo de Souza, Liverpool,
dtalers—William Greenup and George Greenup, Sowerby
Bridge, Yorkshire, merchants—John Burgess, Ashton
Burgess, and William Burgess, sen. Barton Mills and
Worsley, Lancashire, millers—Alfred Thomas and Charles
flittson, Bristol, grocers—J. K. Myers and Joseph Myers,
Liverpool, merchants—Benjamin Watson and Henry Wat-
son, Croydon, coal-merchants—Allen Lambert and Abra-
ham Lambert, Bromley, Kent, tallow-chandlers—John
31‘Lean and John Boyd, Norfolk street, Commercial-road,
Stepney, tea-dealers—John Westien Snell, William Tren-
cher Pinwill, and John Haydon Please, Exeter, drapers-
3. R. Williams and B. Williams, Clements-lane, ship
and insurance-brokers.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, .TrNE 3.

There was a considerable muster of Peers, a number of
Commoners, and a great many strangers present this even-
ing, it being confidently expected by many that the Duke
of Wellington would have addressed the House in conse-
quence of what passed in the Commons last night ; but the
House adjourned without any observations of this nature.
Lord MALMEStURY preseated a petition from as indi-
vidual, stating that he had become possessed of knowledge
by which the country might he restored to the most abun-
dant prosperity, and every interest made to flourish Lit its
fullest vigour : and praying to he examino before th,.
House.

.....
The Earl of HADDINCTON presented a petition from
a place in Scotland, praying for some alteration in the
Corn Laws. The Noble Earl observed, he was happy to
say that the petitioners approved of the principle ()idle Bill
lately introduced, and of the duty on the higher scale, but
complained of the lower scale of duty. They prayed also
that the duty might be fixed by the average price, at the
time of the Importation of Corn, and not when it was
.taken out of bend.--Laid on the table.
Lord ‘KELMERSDALE presented a petition from
Rochdale, and other places in the County Palatine of Lan-
caster, against the Roman Catholics.,
The Earl of WINCHILSEA presented petitions from the
owners and occupiers cf land in the different parishes in
Bucks, praying that the duty upon grain might be talieo
at the Cote of importation._

Also petitions from the Clergy, Chnrchwardew, and in-
habitants of six or eight parishes in linekir,gharnshire, and
one from a parish in Mayo, against further concession to
the Catholics.

The Bishop of BATH anti WELLS presented a petitiou
from the 14.Trhtleacon and Clergy of the Archdeaconry of
Bath, to the same effect.

Lord DUNDAS presented petitions from tie inhabitants
of Leeds, Halifax, and Nny :Halton, against slavery..
—Also a petition from the physicians and surgeons of
Kingston-upon-Hull, praying for the removal of impedi-
ments to dissection,
Lord WALLACE presented a petition front the inhalki.
tants of Weymouth, praying for the repeal of the Act limit-
ing the issue of the small notes.—Also a petition from thr,
same persons against the Catholics.
Lord LONSDALE presented a petition from the mort-
gagees of, and other persons interested in, West IndiA
property, praying for protection of property in the West
Indies.
The Earl of ROSEI3ERRY moved the second reading of
the
a t h l3i
lei for regulating
tAilwadc-ohmottnisesittianl
o Scotland,ittoa Committee of and gave notice
t
the whole House on Wednesday, June I I.
The House went into a Committee, and afterwards re•
ceived the report upon the Scots Justiciary
Lord WIIARNCLIFFE presented a petition from the
town awl neighbourhood of Huddersfield, against slaver
East STANHOPE presented a petition from the Land,

Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition from a
great body of the most respectable inhabitants .of Man-
chester, against the Manchester Police Bill.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a petition from
persons employed in the silk trade in Macclesfield, praying
for a revisal of the lairs regulating that trade.
The Earl ofSHAFTESBURY moved the amendments ot
►he Scotch Salmon Fishery Bills, which were agreed to.
The House Adjourned at Half-past Five o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 3.

The Tralee Harbour Bill was read a third time, and
passed.

- The Covent-garden Market Improvement and Regula-
tion-Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BLACKBURN presented a petition from Roch-
dale against any further concessions to the Catholics.

Air. S. LUICILEY unwonted a petition from a parish
Nottingham against the Small Note Act.
Colonel ELPHINSTONE presented a similar petition
from the borough of East Lee.
Mr. PERCEVAL presented a similar petition from
Newport in the Isle of Wight.
Mr. WM. PEEL brought up a Report of the Commis-
sioners to enquire into public Charities.
Mr. WM. PEEL also moved for an address to His Ain-
jesty for copies of the commissions appointed to' inquire
into the practice of the superior Courts of Law; and into
the transfer of real property.
. .
Mr. LITTLETON presented petitions from 114(11e}
and West Bromwich against Negro slavery.
Mr. LITTLETON also presented a petition from. the
Iron Masters of Staffordshire, praying for the repeal of the.
Act relative to One Pound Notes.

Mr. BENETT (of Wiltshire) presented a similar pe-
tition from the Farmers and Landed Proprietors iu the
neighbourhood of DtVIZI.S.
A 3lessage was brought from the Lords, annonecinz
their. Lordships' assent to several public and private Bills.
Mr. MARSHALL presented petitions from Halifax. and
other places in the county of York, against the continua-
tion of Negro Slavery in the West Indie'.
Mr. PENDARVES presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Agnes, in Cornwall, against the Sthall Nottt
Act.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Chatham, in the county of Kent, respecting
the employment of convicts on the public works.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said it must be allowed that eonie
evils attended the present system, but the convicts nutsr
be supported at the expense of Government, anti it so, they
ought surely, for the sake of economy, to be also employed.
If, on the other hand, they were to be employed, they most.
also be well fed. Indeed, it was a most ecemomical pro..
seeding to employ them, for the labour was very severe upon
the public works, and would be very expensive if othet hands
were engaged. Independently of the economical motive,
he meant to say that they ought to be employed, if it wes
only to keep them out of mischief.
Mr, HUME said it might be worthy the attention of the
Right Hon. Gentleman to consider whether it would not be
better at once to send the convicts to New South Wales.
Mr. M. FII'ZGERAI.D was of opinion that consist
labour should he continued in this country as a penal em-
ployment—but argued against the impoliey of senilitig con -
victs for punishment to a colony where the labour was ec.
well remunerated that it ceased to he a punishment.
Mr. BENETT said, that the persons sent to, the
Colonies were continually in the hope of being let off at
the expiration of two years, so that the benefit of the
I punishment was quite nugatory. He had hitnself seen e
letter from a convict, which expressed a hope of 40011 re,
turning to his friends, and therefore the punishment core.
pletely failed of its effeet in deterring parties who might
otherwise be implicated in crime.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition from Mar-
gate, against Slavery in the Colonies.
Sir J. LOWTIIER presented a petition from %%1;u:-
haven against negro slavery,
Lord PALMERSTON presented a petition from a gen-
tleman named Terry, of the University of Cambridge, (.0111.•
plaining of a regulation adopted with respect to persons
taking holy orders, and which regulation was a violation
of the 6th Edward VI.
Lord PALMERSTON presented a petition from the
Chancellor, Master, and Scholars of the llniversity of Cam-
bridge, against Negro Slavery. He agreed entirely with
the prayer of the petition, and expressed a hope that the
expectations excited in the minds of the abolitionists of
slavery by the Acts of the British Legislature would not he
defeated by the Colonial legislatures.
Mr. GORDON expressed his regret that the Nokle
Lord should so soon after having gone out of ....ter
presented this petition, as he thought the feelings of
the petitioners were not re-echoed by this House. lie
had intended to bring the subject of Negro Slavery regu-
larly before the House, and had before the holidays given
notice to that effect, but the recent change in the
Colonial Department rendered that course imam-- -
sary, as he thought the gallant General lately appointed te,
the office of Colonial Secretary would view the question ni
West India Slavery as a wan of sense, and would;not, far the
purpose of gaining an ephemeral popularity, give way to
the prejudices of individuals, who knew nothing of the
subject.

Lord PALMERSTON said notwithstanding what had
fallen from the Hon. Gentleman, he would agai,n repeat that
he was proud of having expressed his entire concurrence in
the prayer the petition.
Mr. SPRING RICE thought the Hon. Member had
no right to complain, as he had himself, by withdrawing
his notice of motion, deprived the House of an opportunity
of discussing the question at length : he entirely concurred
,ivnowthde pureira,yereraorfril,t•heewpheteintiQuthe and he trusted that the time
people of England would be
indifferent to the state of u large body of human beings in
slavery.
Mr. TIERNAL had a high respect for the opinion of
the Members of the University, hut he regretted the tone
in which the question of West India Slavery was taken up.
It should be remembered that the ameliorations recom-
mended in Mr. Canning's resolutions were of a practical,
partial nature, and provided for the interests of all the par
ties concerned.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, as the prayer of
the petition went no farther than the resolutions upon thi%
question agreed to by this House, he could see no groond
of objection to it.

After a few worth from Mr. J, SMITH, in support of
the petition, it was ordered to be brought up and printed.
Mr. WESTERN presented a similar petition from a
place in Essex. The Hon. Member presented a petition,
from the merchants of Colchester against the soppressima
of the circulation of small notes.

Mr. D. W. HARVEY said, that the petitioners laboured
wader. a delusion, when they stated that money was scarce,
GA the contrary, there was no want of money, but of pro-
fitable object to which capital might he applied. Indeed, a
respectable solicitor residing at Colchester, informed him
that farmers were day after day pressing to his office, and
urging him to find means for them of investing their capital.
Sir M. W. RIDLE,Y opposed the petition. There;
would be no possibility of paying with a metallic currency
that debt which wa. contracted under a paper correney.
The petition was then ordered to he printed.
BEER TRADE.

Mr. Hi ME roset;;;;;;-apetition respe,Fhicting the
duty on Beer and the state of the Beer Trade.
had suffered considerably by the Acts tf. that House altering;
the relative duties upon ardent Spirits and upon Malt
Phis trade
Liquors. Since the greater duty had been taken off the
Spirits, the consumption of Beer had diminished at the
rate of ten per cent. each year. The. petition he had vs
present came from the brewers of Dundee, and they corm,
plained that from the difference of the duties on Spirits in
England and Scotland, the law was not equal in the Latter
country. For
the . I ast eighty years the consumption of
beer had been gradually decreasing, instead of increasing, as
might be naturally expected, in the Same proportion with
the population. The consumption was in fact less by 40 per
cent. than it ought to have been in this ratio. In Dundee,
it appeared there hail been, in the six years, ending in ISt ri ,
28,000 barrels of heer consumed. Ic the six rears, ending in
1521, there had been 16,000 barrels; and in the six years,
ending in IS.;, there had been only 12,000 barrels. Toil'
showed that there had been a decrease by one lialf.:lst
Clasgow, in the
26,000 barrels of strong ale hail been consumed—lagt year
Year ending on the ?.ritli of October, 1524,
524,,
there wen, only 15,000. In the same years, the con-.
sumption of small beer had been 30, 500 barrels in the first
—24,700 in the other. Ye thought his Majesty's Millie_
tees were called on to turn their attention to this subject if
they possessed any regard for the morals of the countrv,
The question should be brought before the House, and, be
was convinced they would feel impressed with the necessity
of reducing the ditty on beer, so as to make it correspond
with the duty upon spirits. lle did not consider it would
be any, the least, improvement to raise the duty upon
spirits to the old rate, for the natural consequence of such
a measure would be to bring back smuggling, which bad.
well nigh ceased ,to exist, under the operation of toe
reduced ditty. In England that duty amounted toss. ,-.).d.
a gallon, lint in Scotland it was only 2s. 10(1. This
intuie a ditrerente of 59. 4d., which operated se-
riously against the interests of the Scotch brewer, as
spirits became a cheaper beverage than beer, and of crarse
