JUDGMENTS.

His LORDSHIP stated, that as he should not now sit to.
morrow as he had intended, he would hand to the Registrar in
writing the judgments he had purposed then to give—they were
judgments in " Noel v. Middleton," " Re Bedford Charity,"
" Coleman v. Smithies," and " Manners v. Burn."

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

(THIS DAY.)

The LORD MAYOR went at noon to Guildhall, in his private
carriage, attended only by his Sword-Bearer and the Town_
Crier, for the purpose of holding a Court of Common Council,
in consequence of a requisition transmitted to him, numerously
signed, to take into consideration the propriety of petitioning
both Houses of Parliament, to abolish the system of colonial
slavery in the British dominions. _ .

Beyond this question, there was a number of motions to be
considered, and reports to be received, and this business took
the precedence, in consequence of their being but a few Alder.
men present. The Recorder was also absent; but whether
from illness, or from his having gone to the Palace to make
his report, we could not learn.
A Member complained against the sword-bearer, that the
summonses were not regularly served.

The Sword-bearer explained how the cause of complaint
arose ; and
The LORD MAYOR said that the like would not happen
again, as the offices were now permanently filled up.

FASHIONS F()R APRIL.

(From the Court Magazine.)

COURT DRESS.—White satin dress, embroidered a tablier,
in gold lama; train and body a Pantique, in violet velvet, em.
broidered in gold ; sleeves a pointes, in velvet fastened with
brilliants ; blond mantilla and sabots. Plume of ostrich fea-
thers, and blond lappets.
CARRIAGE DRESS.—Pelisse of green raye watered silk,
trimmed in front, cape of the same with epaulettes ; frill in
plain blond net. Bonnet of mauve satin with one white
ostrich feather.

(From the Lady's Magazine.)

BALL DRESS.—Berret of white gauze embroidered in gold
lama, ornamented with three ostrich feathers. Dress of
crape, over white satin, with a white satin corsage of the
corset-shape cut with three points in front and one at the
back ; the corsage, which laces behind, is finished round the
waist with plain cording, which follows the shape of the points ;
the seams are stiffened with whalebone. The full berret sleeves
are of white crape, over white satin, with broad epaulettes
trimmed with a mantilla of blond. The skirt is of white crape,
exceedingly full, the hem turned up and cut in points of half
a yard deep; in each point is embroidered a bouquet of
flowers, and from each, of the three points in front is continued
an elegant column of embroidery, which appears en tablier.
Necklace and earrings of turquoises, in an enamelled setting.
Black satin shoes, and white kid gloves. The satin corset is
often of a different colour ftom the skirt, as pink or blue satin
with a white skirt, velvet with satin or crape skirts.
WALKING DRESS.--Hat of white satin, lined with white or
mauve crape, surrounded by a ruche of tulle, and trimmed
with satin edged with ruches of tulle and cut gauze ribands.
The front much thrown up, and the crown high and pointed.
The pelisse of emerald green satin, is cut with a reverse, turned
back with velvet of a darker shade ; the reverse is formed into
lappets, and is edged with dents. The sleeves are very full ;
they slope from the shoulders, and the plaits are gathered under
a pipe, which forms an epaulette. The corsage is cut slightly
en point, but finished with a pointed band and enamelled
lozenge buckle. The skirt is closed in front with triple dents
interchanged ; they are edged with velvet. This dress is worn
with a chemisette, finished at the throat with two double rows
of tulle.

cOLOURS.—Parma blue, silvery ardoise or light slate colour,
emerald, meadow, Polisn green, vert peroquett, or parrot
green, pensee and oreille d'ours, are the reigning colours.
Fiery colours, orange and dahlia shades, are unfashionable.
Added to these, the new April colours are vert colibri, or
humming bird green, Maintenon, a new colour, lapis blue and
lilac of Senegal.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

ASCOT HEATH.

FIRST DAY.—Mr. Ricardo's b. f. Elen, by Peter Lely—
Fadladinida agst. Mr. Cosby's br. f. Pussy, by Pollis—Valve,
both 2 yrs. old, Bst, 41bs. each. T.Y.C. 100, h. ft.
