WITH WHICH THE " TRUE SUN" IS NOW INCOB,PGRATED.

No. 14,168.

LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 8, 1838

PUBLICATIONS.

SALES BY AUCTION.

PARLIAMENTARY DI VISIONS.

T " YOUNG WIDOW.
WEEKLY NEWSPAPER.
Will be 'published op 81, N DA Y Next, the 11th of February, Price 6d.
" Entirely 'connected with the political trinity of the day, she
is led e' to neither Tories, Whigs, nor Radicals. She spiritedly
thro•.%-s down the gauntlet, careless as to the champion who may
nave temerity enough to raise it. Few can expect to participate in
the refined sociality of these recherché meetings. THE YOUNG
WIDOW, however, is considerate.--the many must not despair.
In the plenitude of her generosity, she has determined to give the
benefit of them to the public ; and trusts that the short-hand
writer, whom she has engaged, will give their essence, divested of
none of their raciness, every SUNDAY Morning regularly. A
WIDOW, such as ours, is well worthy of being known, even by
Report."—Vide Prospectus.
Office for Advertisements, 4, Wellington-street, Strand.

THE WORKS OF R. P. BONINGTON,
Comprising Cabinet Pictures, Drawings in Water-colours and
Sepia—Original Sketches in Pencil and Ink—and other Water-
colour Drawings.
ON VIEW THIS DAY AND TO-MORROW.
MR. LEIGH SOTHEBY• has the pleasure of
announcing that the VIEWING of this beautiful COL-
LECTION Commences at his House, Wellington-street, Strand,
THIS DAY and TO-MORROW, where Catalogues of the SALE
by AUCTION, which takes place on SATURDAY, may be obtained.

PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS AND FILE.E.
MEN BILL.
From the Votes and Proceediog ofthb House of Commons.)

igQIIDAY, Fa. D.
Order for Committee read; Motion made, and Qtiettibil ptit,
" That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have pot Vet
to divide the Bill into two Bills :"—(Mr. Hinde )—The House
divided :

LEYTON, ESSEX.-FAMILY RESIDENCE, WITH 16
ACRES OF LAND.

MINORITY—AYES, 68.
' Freslifield, J. W. Parker, T. A. W.
Gladstone, W. E. Perceval Colon I
Gordon, Hon. W. Peyton, Henry
Gore, 0. NV. Planta, J.
Grimsditch, T. Plumptre, J. P.
Hodgson, F. Praed, W. M.
Hodgson, R. Pringle, A.
Hogg, J. W. Rickford, W.
Holmes, W. A'Court. Round, C. G.
Hughes, W. B. Round, J.
Johnstone, Hope Sandon, Lord
Jones, T. Shaw, F.
Kemble, Henry Shir‘ey, E. J.
Knatchlitill, Sir 1,. Sibthorp, Colonel
Law, Hon, C. E. Stuart, H.
Lockhart, N. M. Vere, Mir C. B.
Logan' H. Villiers, Lord
Lowther, Colonel Whitmore, T, C.
Mackenzie, Thomas Wood, Captain
Mackenzie, W. F. Wynn, C. W.
Mackinnon, W. A.
Marton, G. R. TELLttigi
Maxwell, H. Hinde, J. H.
Milnes, Richard Maclean, D.
:AJ 158.

Acland, T. D.
Arbuthnot, lion.ll
Attwood, Waiver!),
Bailey, Joseph, jun.
Bane, Colonel H.
Baker, E.
Barrington, Viscount
Bateman, J.

POPLIS and SON have received instructions
from the Trustees of Mr. W. C. Bousfield, to SUBMIT by
AUCTION, on the Premises, Etloe Hall, on FRIDAY, Feb. 16,
at One,
The BENEFICIAL LEASE of the desirable PREMISES,
which form an attractive elevation in the Gothic style of architec-
ture, and afford every possible accommodation for a highly-respect-
able family. The premises have recently undergone thorough sub-
stantial and ornamental repair, and the extensive walled gardens
and land are in the highest state of cultivation; communicating
with the drawing room is an extensive conservatory, and there is a
forcing house in the garden.
May be viewed till the sale, and particulars had on the premises;
and of Toplis and Son, 16, St. Paul's Churchyard.

Bell, M.-
Bcntinck, Lord G.
Blackstone, W. S.
Blair, J:
Blennerhassett, A.
Burr, Higford
Canning, Sir S.
Chapman, A.
Chute, W. L. W.
Cresswell, C.
D'lsraeli, Benjamin
Eaton, Richard J.
Ellis, J.
Fitzroy, Hen. H.
Forbes, W.
Fremantle, Sir T.

LEY TON, ESSEX. FURNITURE, PLATE, LINEN,
WINE, PHAETON; HORSES, COWS, MEADOW HAY,
and EFFECTS.
rrOPLIS and SON gave received instructions from
the Trustees of Mr. W. C. Bousfield, to • SELL by AUC-
TION, on the Premises, Etloe Hall, on FRIDAY, February 16, and
following Day, at Twelve,
The handsome modern FURNITURE, comprising a rosewood
drawing-room suite, with tabaret curtains and two chimney glasses,
carpets, &c., mahogany dining tables and chairs, oak library table,
fnurpost, tent, and French bedsteads, furnitures, and bedding, and
other chamber furniture, china, and glass, plate and plated articles,
linen ; about 40 dozen choice wine, 300 vols. books, a hooded
phaeton with pole and shafts, phaeton and gig harness, a pair of
phaeton horses, four Alderney cows, two breeding sows, a donkey,
a rick of meadow hay, about 20 loads, and effects:
May be viewed two days preceding and mornings of sale, and
catalogues had at the Eagle, Snaresbrook ; on the premises; and
of Toplis and Son, 16, St. Paul's Churchyard.

Adam, Sir Charles
Aglionby, H. A.
Aglionby, Major
Anson, Sir George
Anson, Hon. Colonel,
Archbold, R.
Attwood, T.
Baines, E.
Barnard, E." G.
Bearish, F. B.
Bellew, R. M.
Bernal, It.
Bewes, T.
Blackett, C.
Blake, M. J.
Blake, W. J.
Bridgman, Hewitt
Briscoe, J.
Brocklehurst, J.
Brodie, W. B.
Brotherton, J.
Buller, C.
Buller, E.
Bustield, W.
Butler, Hon. P.
Callaghan, D.
Campbell, Sir John
Cayley, E. S.
Clay, W.
Clements, Lord
Clive, E. B.
Collier, J.
Colquheitn, Sir J.
Conyngham, Lord A.
Craig, W. Gibson
Crawford, W.
Crompton, S.
Curry, W,
Dalmeny, Lord
Dalmryple, Sir A.
Dashwood, G. H.
Duke, Sir James
Duncombe, T. S.
Dundas, W. D.
Dundas, F.
Dundas, Hon. T.
Dundas, J. D.
Easthope, John
Ebrington, Viscount
Eliot, Hon J. E.
Ellice, E.
Erle, William
Evans, Colonel
Evans, G.

ORITY—NOES,
Fenton, John
Fielden, J.

Pease, Joseph
Pechell, Captain
Pendarves, E. W.
Philips, M.
Phillpotts, J.
Poulter, J. S.
Prothcroe, E.
Pryme, G.
Reddington, T. N.
Rice, Edward
Rice, T. S.
Rich, H.
Roche, W.
Russell, Lord John
Russell, Lord C. J. F.
Saiwey, Colonel
Sanford, E. A.
Scholefield, J.
Scrope, G. P.
Somerville, Sir W.
Stanley, W. 0.
Stanstield, W. R. C
Strangways, J. G.
Strickland, Sir G.
Stuart, Lord James
Stuart, W. Villas
Style, Sir T. C.
Talbot, J. H.
Tancred, H. W.
Thorneley, Thomas
Tracy, H.
Troubridge, Sir T.
Turner, E.
Vigors, N.
Villiers, Charles P.
Vivian, C. C.
Wakley, Thomas
Walker, C. A.
Wallace, R
Warburton, H.
Westenra, H. R.
Weatenra, J. C.
Whalley, Sir S.
White, Andrew
Williams, W.
Wilshere, W.
Wood, C.
Wood, Sir Matthew
Wrightson, W. B.
Yates, J. A.

, - -
Ferguson, Sir R. A.
Fergusson, R. C.
Finch, Francis
Fitzroy, Lord C.
French, F.
Gibson, J.
(Mon, W. a
Gordon, 11.
Goring, H. D.
Grattan, J.
Grattan, Henry
Grote, G.
Hall, B.
Harland, W. C.
Hawkins, J. H.
Heatliceat, J.
Hindley, C.
Hobhousc, T. B.
Hodges, 'l'. L.
Howard, F. J.
Howard, P. H.
Hume, Joseph
Humphery, J.
Hutton, R.
Ingham, Robert
James, W.
Jervis, Swynfin
Lambton, H.
Lemon, Sir C.
Lennox, Lord G.
Lister, E C.
M.Leod, R.
M'Taggart, J.
Maher, John
Marshall, NV
Marsland, H.
Martin, J.
Manic, W. H.
Melgund, Lord
Mildmay, P. St. J.
Molesworth, Sii W.
Morris, David
Murray, J A.
Muskett, G. A.
Nagle, Sir it.
O'Brien, W. S.
O'Connor Don
O'Ferrall, Moro
Parker, J.
Parnell, Sir H.
Parrott, J.
I'attison, J.

PLOT OF FREEHOLD BUILDING GROUND.
-MESSRS. LESLIE and SON will SELL by
AUCTION, at Garraway's, on TUESDAY, Feb. 27, at
I waive,

A valuable Plot of FREEHOLD BUILDING GROUND, Si-
tuate opposite No. 13, Thistle-grove, Chelsea, having a frontage
next tke road of 60 feet by a deptk of 108 feet. It is at present
used as a garden, and in the occupation of Mr. Lee, at the yearly
rent of 3/.
May be viewed until the sale, and particulars had seven days pre-
viously at Garraway's ; •f Messrs. Dyncley, Coverdale, and Lee,
solicitors, Field-court, Gray's-inn ; and of Leslie and Son, auc-
tioneers, 45, Margarct-street, Cavendish-square.

CHAMBERS IN GRAY'S-INN, NEARLY EQUAL TO
FREEHOLD.
MESSRS. LESLIE and SON will SELL by
AUCTION, at Garraway's, on TUESDAY, February 27,
at Twelve, by order of the Executors,
A valuable SET of BUSINESS or RESIDENCE CHAM-
BERS, situate in the best and most pleasant part of Gray's-inn,
being No. 2in the square, and overlooking the gardens. They
comprise four rooms on the first floor, fitted up as a residence,
capital wine and coal cellars, and other conveniences.
May be viewed seven days preceding the sale, when particulars
may he had upon the premises ; at Garraway's ; of Messrs. Dyne-
ley, Coverdale, and Lee, solicitors, Field-court, Gray's-inn ; and
of Leslie and Son, auctioneers, 45, Margaret-street, Cavendish-
square.

TELLERS.
Stanley, E. J.
Rolfe, Sir It. M.

PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS BILL,-IN

COMMITTEE.
First Clause,—Motion made, and Question put, " That the
Clause stand part of the Bill :"—The Committee divided :

MAJORITY—AYES, 214.
tdam, Admiral Sir C. French, F. Poulter, J.
Aglionby, H. A. Gillon, W. D. Power, James
Agliouby, Major Godson, Richard Protheroe, Edward
Anson, Hon. Colonel Gordon, Robert Pryme, G.
Archbold, Robert Grattan H. Rainsbotton, J.
Attwood, T. Grey, Grattan,
G. Redington, T. N.
Bainbridge, E. T. Grote, G. Rice, E. 13.
• Baines, E. Hall, B. Rice, T. S.
' Barington, Lord
anon, H. W.
,Bellew, Harland, W.
Harvey, D. W.
Hastie, A.
Hawkins, JrH. Rich, lienry
Rippon, C.
eamish, F. B.
Rolfe, Sir R. H.
R. M.
Russell, bout John
Bentinck, Lord W. Hayter, W. G. Russell, Lord Charles
Berkeley, C. F. Heathcoat, John Salwey, Colonel
Berkeley, Granville Heron, Sir It. Sanford, E. A.
Bewes, T. I Ilindley, Charles Scholefield, .1.
Blackett, Christopher Hobhouse, Sir J. C. Scale, Colonel
Blackstone, W. S. Hobhouse, T. B. Seymour, Lord
Blake, M. J. Hodges, T L. Sharpe, General
Bowes, T. Howard, P. H. Shell, It. L.
Brabazon, Sir W. Hughes, W. B. Smith, John Abel
Bridgman, H. Hume, Joseph' • Smith, R.
Briscoe, J. I. Humphery, J. Smith, R. Vernon
Broadwood, Henry Hurst, R. H. Somers, J. P.
13rocklehurst, J. Hutton, Robert Somerville, Sir W.
Brodie, W. 1). James, William Standish, Charles
Brotherton, J. Jervis, J. Stanley, NV. 0.
Buller, C. Jervis, S. Stanstield, W. R. C.
Ilusfeild, William Johnston, General Stewart, James
Byng, George Ki..naird, Hon. A. Strang‘vays, Hon. J.
Byng, Hon. G. S. Labouchere, H. Strutt, E.
Callaghan, Daniel Leader, J. T. Stuart, Lord James
Campbell, W. F Lefevre, C. Shaw Stuart, Villiers
Lemon, Sir C. Style, Sir Charles
Cayley, B. S. Chalmers, Patrick Lennox, Lord G. Surrey, Earl of
Chapman, Sir Al L. Lister, L.C. Talbot, J. H.
Clay, W. Loch, James Talfourd, T. Noon
Clements, Lord Long, W. Tancred, H. W.
Clive, E. B. Lushington, Charles Thomson, C. P.
Collier, John M'Leod, It. Thorneley, Thomas
Collins, Willinm Maher, John Townley, R. G.
Colquhoun, Sir J. Marshall, W. Tracy, H. H.
Craig, W G. Marsland, H. Troubridge, Sir T.
Crawford, W, Martin, John Tufnell, Henry
Crompton, S. Maule, W. H. Turner, Edmund
Currie, Raikes Mildmay, I'. St. John Verney, Sir H.
Curry, NV. Molesworth, Sir W. Vigors, N. A
Daimeny, Lord Morris, David Villiers, Charles P.
Dalrymple, Sir A. iNfurray, J. A. Vivian, Major C.
Muskets, George A. Vivian, J. H.
Dashwood, G. IL
Nagle, Sir R. D,nnistoun, J.
Vivian, Sir R.
D,Eyncourt, C. T. O'Brien, W. Smith Walley, Thomas
Divett, Edward O'Connell, 1). Walker, C. A.
Duckworth, Samuel O'Connell, .1. Walker, R.
Duff, James
S.
O'Connell, M. J. It
Wallace,
. H.
O'Connell, Morgan Warburtni. H.
Dugdale, W. S.
Duke, Sir James 0 Connor Don Westenra, lion. J.
buncombe, T. S. O'Ferrall, More
Dundas, W
Westenra C. W. D. Paget, Lord Alfred
Whalley, ' Sir S. Hon. R.
Dundas, Frederick Paget, Frederick
White, A.
Dundas, T. Palmer, C. Ifyshe White, S.
Dundas, CaJohnpt. Deans Pahnerstone, Visct Williams, W.
asthopc, Parker, Jo NV;Lhere, William
Parnell, Sir H. Ebrington, Lord
Parrott, J. Wood, C.
Eliot, Hon. J. E.
Wood, Sir Matthew
Pattison, J. Ellice, E.
Worsley, Lord
Pease, Joseph Wrightson, W. B.
Ferguson, Sir Robert Pendarves EW. Yates, John A.
Philips, M' ark
Fergusson, R. C.
Phillpotts, John
Finch, Franc'
Fitzalan, Lord Ponsonby, C. F
,
Fitzroy, Lold Charles

CHURCH-RATES.

TO RICHARD PECK, ESQ.,

TELLERS
Stanley, KJ.
Steuart, It.

• ; r
Adam], T. V.
Adare, Lord
Arbuthnot, Hon. H.
Ashley,
H Lord
BaggC, Wm.
Bagoton. W.
Bailley, Joseph, jun.
Baillie, Colonel
Baker, Edward
Baring, H. B.
Baring, W. B.
Bateman, John
Bell, Matthew
Bentink Lord G.
Blair James,
Blennerhassett, A.
Bradshaw, James
Broadley, Henry
Brownrigg, J. S.
Burr, :Higford
Chrislopher, It. A.
Compton, H.
Copeland,_ W.
,orry, H. L.
Courtenay, Philip
Darby, C 4 corgo
Do Horsey, S. H.
D'lsraeli, Denjamin
Dottm, A.
Douro, Marquis of
Duffield, T. D.
East, James huller
Eaton, R... -
Eliot Lord

NORITY-.--NOES,
Fremantle, Sir T.
FresWield, J. W.
Gibson, Thomas
Gladstone, W.
Goddard, Ambrose
Gordon, Hon. W.
Gore, O. J. R.
Gore, 0. W.
Gou'burn, H.
Granby, Marquis of
Grimsditch, Thomas
Grimston, Lord
Grimston, lion. E.
hale, Robert B.
Harcourt, G. S.'
Hardinge, Sir H. Hinde. J.
Hodgson, Frederick
Hodgson, Richard
Hogg, J. W.
Holmes, W. A'Court
Hope, G. W.
Houston. George
Inglis, Sir R. H.
Irton, S.
James, Sir W.
Jonnsrone, Hope
Jones, John
Jones, Wilson
Johh, Theohalp
Kemple, Henry
Knatchhuil, Sir E.
Knight, Henry Gaily
Knightley, Sir C.
Law, Hon. C. E.
Lefroy, llt. lion. C.
Lockhart, A. M.
Logan, Hart
Lowther, Colonel
Lowther, J. H.

Lygon, Colonel
Mackenzie, Thomas
MacKenzie, W. F.
Maidstone, Lord
Manners, Lord C.
Master, T.t W. C.
Alaunsed, 'l'. P
Mordaunt, Sir .1.
O'Neil, J. B. It.
Parke, C. W.
or, Robert
Parker, T. W. A.
Pemberton, T.
Perceval, Hon. G. J.
Peyton Henry
Plum are, J. P.
Pringle, A.
Richards, It.
Rickford, W.
Rose, Sir G.
Round, C. 0.
Round, John
Rushbrooke, Colonel
Sanderson, R.
Shaw, Frederick
Shirley, J. E.
Sinclair, Sir George
Somerset, Lord G.
Stliart, H
Sugden, Sir Edward
Trevor, Hon. G. It.
Vere, Sir C B.
Villiers, Viscbunt
Whitmore, T. C.
Wilberforce, Win.
Wood, Thomas
Young O. F.

F.llis, John
Esteourt, T. G. B.
Fitzroy, Hon.H.
Fleming, J,
Follett, Sir W. W.
Forhe; W.
Forester, Hon. G.
Abi

TELLE RS.
Maclean, D.
Praed, W. M.

—.oout six o'clock, Monday evening, a gentleman
was hustled by two fellows near the bottom of Chancery-lane,
in Fleet-street, and had his pocket-book abstracted from his
pocket. The thieves immediately handed it over to a little
boy who accompanied them, and who darted up Shire-lane
with it. Two of the City Police who had been watching their
movements lost no time in giving chase, and while one of them
secured the boy, the other seized the two thieves, and forced
them into the shop of Messrs. Butterworth and Co., law-sta-
tioners, near the Temple, where assistance having been ob-
tained, they were handcuffed and taken off to the watchhouse.
They are said to be well-known characters, and have fre-
quently figured at the police offices.
HEATING 'WA REHO us Es.
getting into This invention is
general use. We had the curiosity to examine
tiro extensive premises occupied by Messrs. James Harley and
Company, in 'frongatc, and were much pleased with the sim-
plicity of the process ; eight hundred feet of pipe is laid round
the different rooms, and a uniform heat is diffused into each
room, by means of hot water circulating through the pipes.
The water is sent up from the boiler below, which is heated
by a common fire—the first outlay is the only expense—the
invention afterwards is decidedly economical. It is, besides,
peculiarly adapted for keeping goods clean, no dust or smell
arising from the process.—Scots Times.
Every °lie knows the story of Sheridan dressing out
in his livery a lot of bailiffs who had possession of his house,
and causing them to wait at table as his private establishment,
while he gave a grand entertainment. Duke Smithson once
played off an equally funny joke. When the Russian Arch-
dukes were in England, and paid a visit to Alnwick Castle,
the representative of the Percies ordered the horses of all hi
neighbouring tenants and dependants to be sent to the Castle,
where the next day they were exhibited to the Imperial
brothers as the Duke's ordinary stud 1 The Russian Princes
Departed, astonished at the magnificence of the stable appoint-
ments at Alnwick Castle.—Gateshead Observer.

) .
i 20
tir_iill A ,/__)
(11)
1 :
A.-tt... els •M ;g. ' q - 4
r 1 , r.-1 ,- ..pr ,i),,,•fely , ,
(:(7111 ii!*77 r. 21
' . •
~ ~ • i...MJ t • j,,,, . , \1 )
.•
.., :.,'
,-.--
. \....- - .
(~..._,...„:„..,.....,
t eliii
~._ -_• ' • ' , -
::-',?. '---7.-r.
,13 \,\,,, , . - ,„,,,&.4,1
_l4-,q4yotl 0, •-•-... , , ~.,;%, , ,/,,t• 6,
:,/,,t, • , - 1 ,
• -;,:,;- /147)D1.1'
.. , ' _.:_1,.re... )) )1.)1111,,„ = 4,-"Z„-- o
1- i-,...,,, ,':\116,1*'.1..,:k%s

RICE Oa.

SOCIETY OF BRITISH MUSICIANS.

The above Association of native artists has already advanced
to its fetifth season. It was established for the purpose of, in
p
asogmalehsnit
the large
eetillaifibulixisg the E
of
roreigielgtlailseh professor
ntb)iNhich
this
bear
iscounttric
has been actually inundated of late years, and which, it is to
lie regretted, is patronised by our grandees, very nearly to the
excleslon Of every production of British growth. We are glad
to find that its effeete hitherto have been of a most beneficial
tendency ; and although it is by no means to be expected—
neither, indeed, is it to be desired—that foreign abill!.y should
be driven from our shores, and foreign compositions excLided
from study and performance, through the medium of this or
any other institution or combination, still the establish-
ment of a purely native school is a theme for congratula-
tion, and its support a duty we owe to ourselves. Last
night the third concert for the present season took place,
at the Hanover square Rooms. A large body of the sub-
scribers and their friends were present, and although the room
was not actually crowded, the interest taken in the matter,
and the attraction of a purely English concert, were visible in
the large body of amateurs "present. The concert opened
with a new Symphony by Mr. Cipriani Potter. This gentle-
man has written a very considerable quantity of music, has
evinced more industry perhaps than any other English musi-
cian in existence, and yet has not raised for himself a name of
tiny very considerable en-iinence. ii seems to be because
with all his assiduity and all his musical knowledge, one prime
ingredient appears to be wanting, viz., genius. The Sym-
phony of last night, however, was a very ingenious, in
parts, a very striking composition. It went off extremely
well. The next piece, a " Round," called " The Switzer's
Welcome," for three voices, by G. A. Macfarren, was rather
a tame affair. A canzonet, by Mr. Sterndall Bennett, "In
radiant loveliness," was very prettily sung- by Miss 'Dolby, a
promising young lady, who bids fair to be an accomplished
singer. A sestet, the composition of Mr. J. H. Gricsbach,
for pianoforte, two violins, tenor, violoncello, and double
bass, evinced a vast deal of ambition on the part of the
composer, but the effect was not commensurate with its
design, and the labour that had evidently been bestowed
upon thel composition. A scene of Mr. J. Barnett, " The
fulness of thy presence," was remarkably well sung by
Mr. Leoni Lee, and gave great satisfaction. The first
part of the concert, which was rather heavy, chiefly from
the compositions being almost all written in minor keys, con-
cluded with a noisy attempt at an overture, by Mr. Lovell
illobfia:elri
thingst noi p'nss'oovf etorhTft,uh
trethea
el
tesecondonetvveoiolfinitll
hegpo;
araßt7nl
British
t Juliet.
isi
hsiopenedcparl
0c
fuwel
siatsithote
rds
wasltor
who would
eA decidedly. M
theae -
pear from this specimen merely to want adequate stimulus-1-1
which being translated, means adcquated remuneration—to
place them in a much more commanding position than they
occupy at present. This overture was greeted with most en-
thusiastic applause, and honoured most deservedly with an
unanimous encore. We ought to mention that the splendid
effect of the trombones, in the " Dead March," from the ad-
mirable mode in which they were introduced by the composer,
and the very beautiful style in which they were played
by the members of that department of the orchestra,
contributed materially to the success of the overture. The
remaining pieces of the second Part were, a Canzo-
net, by J. .T. Jones, Muc. Bac. ; a Cantata, by
H. Westrop ; a violin solo by E. W. Thomas; Atwood's
beautiful air, " Dear is the hallowed Morn," charmingly sung
by Miss Dolby; a quartet, " Benedictus," by Lovell Phillips,
and an overture by L. H. Lavenu. The Cantata was re-
markably well sung by Mr. C. Purday, a gentleman who pos-
sesses a remarkably good voice, and who has evinced a very
considerable share of industry in its cultivation, but who is
not, we are sorry to observe, so much before the public as he
ought to be. Mr. Thomas's violin solo was toe much ala
Paganini to please us. Why will not clever people depend
upon their own capabilities, in preference to becoming mere
imitators ? Of the other compositions it is scarcely necessary
to speak ; indeed, there was nothing connected with them
sufficiently striking, either in respect to beauty or demerit,
that called for remark. The band, consisting of about se-
venty performers, was ably led by Mr. Dando, and Mr. W.
Sterndall Bennett presided as conductor. The next concert of
the Society is fixed for Monday, February IJ.

Chairman of the Church-rate Abolition Delegates, who as-
sembled at the Crown and Anchor, Strand, London,
Feb. 1, 1637.

Dear Sir—To-day a year has passed away since you pre-
sided at the above meeting, when 340 Gentlemen from various
parts of the kingdom were sent to demand of the Minister of
the Crown the immediate and entire abolition of Church-rates.
It was then admitted that the• time was come when it
was proper to remove this grievous oppression, which
had so long been the cause of discontent to many who have
conscientious objections to the discipline of the Church of
England, and others who deny that any system of religious
profession ought to be endowed, and connected with the State.
The Delegates were, by Lord Melbourne, received with
courtesy ; but it was obvious to most of them, that in the Mi-
nister, there was a degree of indifference to the subject which,
on their return to the Crown and Anchor, induced them to
pass resolutions, unanimously pledging themselves to persist
in vigorous resistance to the impost, until it should be abolished.
In March the Ministerial plan was developed in the House
of Commas, and it was apparent there was no intention on
the part of the Government then to carry it into operation ;
the mover (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) continually re-
peating, that he desired it might be clearly understood, there
was no wish on the part of the Government to hurry the mea-
sure; that they desired ample time might be given for consi-
deration, while lie own©d the present law, in populous dis-
tricts, was wholly unavailing ; and instanced the impossibility
of collecting the rate in Sheffield and Manchester, where it
had ceased to be enforced.

As the debate proceeded, the intention to extinguish for the
Session, as quietly as possible, the hopes of the Dissenters on
the subject became obvious ; and on the division taking
place, some of the firmest friends of the Government either
voted against them or were absent; two or three instances
may suffice to confirm this fact :—Sir John Wrottesley, and
Mr. Ridley Colborne, voted against Ministers, and Sir W.
Foulkes left London.

It is remarkable that these Gentlemen were not returned to
the present Parliament, and while I do not know enough of
of the districts formerly represented by the two first named
Gentlemen to judge of the causes of their dismissal of my
own knowledge, I believe I could name as many right minded
men in West Norfolk, Ivho refused to vote, from mere vexation
at Sir W. Foulkes's conduct, as would have secured him his
election.

I am compelled, with sorrow; to own I have never seen any
thing in the conduct of the present Administration which
ought to justify the belief that there has ever been any serious
intention to relieve us from this great oppression.
When, in May 1835, my petition from Ipswich goal was
presented to the House of Commons, I was surprised, and
grieved, to see what I believed to be the insincerity which
characterized the speeches of the Ministers who took part in
that debate. What passed is on record in the Mirror qf Par-
liament, and reading it now, no person could be deceived by it.
In April 1836, when Mr. Russell, of Edinburgh, was in
prison for his conscientious scruples relative to the annuity
tax, I mentioned to him, in a letter, that I believed the Minis-
ters had no intention nor disposition to abolish the existing
law, for, to my mind, all that they had said and done indicated
a different spirit. If any doubt, however, had remained on my
mind, it must have been removed in July 1836, when Mr.
Morrison, the then Member for Ipswich, assured me he had
told Lord John Russell there would be great excitement on the
Church Rate subject, and that his Lordship replied he believed
there would be for a short time ; but he should get it put upon
the Consolidated Fund, it would be but once, would soon be
over, and all would be tranquil in that quarter again.
Contrary to my opinion, there were many excellent persons
last year, who believed the Ministers were sincere in a desire
to relieve them from this burden, and thought while they were
exercising the conscientious conviction of their own minds,
they were also furthering the wishes of the Government.
They remained passive under the operation of the law, quietly
making no resistance, but never offering voluntary obedience,
and they will continue so to act.
In the month of June last year (1837), I took an opportu-
nity of informing the Government of this fact, when, in reply,
the Chancellor of the Exchequer protested against the doc-
trine, declaring that the whole spirit of the British Constitu-
tion appeared to him to exact not only passive obedience, but
even active co-operation with the law, whatever individual
opinion might be entertained as to the expediency of an alte-
ration ; adding, he felt convinced that the arguments adduced
in favour of any change would then lose, and deserve to lose,
their weight with the people of this country, when that advo-
cacy is accompanied by any indifference to the authority of the
enactments at present in force !
Since these things transpired, the Churchwardens of Brain-
tree have made a Church Rate, not merely without the con-
sent of a Vestry, but in direct opposition to a large majority
against it ; they hare cited Mr. But der, a gentleman of respecta-
bility, into the Ecclesiastical Courts, for refusing to pay, and,
at an enormous expense, he is about to have the subject argued
in the Courts of Law. If it shall be decided that the Church-
warden's proceedings are clothed with " the authority of the
enactments at present in force," will the Dissenters of Eng-
land subscribe to the doctrine of the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer? I think they will not. I believe they do not at present.
At the celebrated conference at Hampton Court in 1603,
when Dr. Reynolds on behalf of the Puritans urged the ne-
cessity of sincerely ministering Church Goveniment according
to God's word, King James, among other insults, told them,
if this be all they have to say, I shall make them conform
themselves, or I will harry them out of this land, or else do
worse."

Oliver Goldsmith has said, customs may vary, and manners
may change, but true politeness is every where the same : sub-
stitute the word oppression for politeness and you have another
fact of equal truth.

There is another thing. The unequal injustice of the

. ..
c------\
lAA- JO 9.___e•-ty
Church-ratd system increases the oppression. iik 7ytiv,.._,_,
towns like Manchester and Sheffield, as was she),,.PlsTlite.:.-1- . '
Chancellor of the Exchequer, the people refuseLti4iiyand
the authorities dare not compel them; while in 11166.'faliling
districts, as at Braintree, in illis town and neigh!) i tpsOed; and .
o
hundreds of other cuntry towns, the assenters
.t.!l.oiikr, ......
.. .
ci the princely language of King James, harried by e r t_ V-- ,_-4 g
~
tyranny, not to be described. To expect, there 2141.
Church-rates will ever be cheerfully paid is cut of hire e:l4l:l4Riilt;i
tion. I know many persons, the excellent of the earth, -who,
will never render any other than passive obedience to the law,
as it exists at present—a law which enables a math to consign
his neighbours to prison for an indefinite period, without the
consent of a jury, or take from them property of more than
ten times the value of the rate denianded, and then to keep it
until it is spoiled, without making a sale, or rendering tO7-ty ac-
el.,unt. Six of my neighbours, respectable as any mex it' the
country,
had their property seized for Church-rates on the
sth of last Jul'
v—that property remains unsold to the prese:it
day, and one case .7'a.Y
show the injustice of the whole. Four'
bushels of corn, with tt7"9 sa,.ll's, of the intrinsic marketable
value of 225. 6d., was seized
.c.or a rate of Is. 9d. I ant
told the corn is spoiled, but certain ii is no sale has been made,
nor account of sale rendered to any of the
parties, while
another rate has been obtained, and mot:
c seizures may be
looked for. .

The question which arises in the face of all th.s injustice is,
shall these things continue to be perpetrated with
itpuuniy ira
all parts of the country, except the large towns and
districts. populous

My purpose in addressing you on the anniversary' )f the
Meeting of Delegates, is to suggest personally to the genllc-
men who attended that meeting, and to the Dissenters gene--
rally, whether they ought to permit this state of things to re—
main—if they do, they mzky
.depend upon 'it the Ministers will
never alter it, and we who live in country places may make up
our minds to be " harried out of the land, or what is worse ;"
for the discord and strife, which is woi:se, increase from year
to year, and will continue to do so, until ti:e unjust proceedings
shall have broken all the ties of affection anti kindness among
the people.
If some person of known integrity in London Were now to
give the signal, the Dissenters would again meet, ,Vain send
delegates, and in double numbers, with fourfold energy
again demand the total abolition of a law which creates, every
possible evil by which society can be distracted.
I am, dear Sir, yours, obediently,
JOHN CHILDS.
Bungay, Feb. 1, 1838.

LORD BROUGHAM AND THE
MINISTRY.

_ .
We will not affirm that the foflowing,Prefaee to
Lord Brougham's speech upon the CaNada question—
now published by Ridgway--was wri:ten by the
Noble and Learned Lord himself.; but we ,skre certain
that it fully expresses his Lordship's sentiments upon
the differences between him and her Majesty's I\ll.lllis-
ters. To coin:nein upon what is in itself an explai:ka-
tion of the cause of the apparent discrepancy between`
Lord Brougham's former support of, and present op-
position to, the policy of the Melbourne Cabinet,
would imply a want of clearness in the subjoined
statement, and therefore we shall attempt nothing of
the sort. We need hardly add, that our object in
publishing the Preface is to right the balance between
both parties—the Misters and their Noble and
Learned opponent :
It has been considered right by many of the friends of peace
and of liberal policy, to publish this Speech separately, chiefly
in order that the attention of men may bi dieected to the im-
portant questions connected with the future het of the North
American Colonies, when the ferment excited by We unhappy
events shall subside. The whole history of these trat:'sactions
is calculated to throw light upon the inevitable mischiefs of
extended Colonial empire ; and there is a further argument of
the same kind derivable from the unquestionable fact, that ies
even the Reformed Parliament the misgovernment of a remote
and unrepresented Province, has encountered but very little
opposition from many of those who are always found most re-
luctant to suffer the least oppression if attempted upon stay
portion of the Mother Country.
The comments which this Speech contains upon the conduct
of the Government have been complained of—as if Lord
Brougham had some duty to perform of suppressing his opi-
nions upon the most importont questions that can occupy the
attention of Statesmen ; and as if especially the Colonial Mi-
nister had a right to complain of strictures openly made upon
his public conduct.
It is, however, well known that Lord Brougham never
showed any disposition to censure the present Government
until they adopted a course wholly at variance with his often-
times recorded opinions. As long as he could support them,
the history of Parliament shows that lie rendered them every-
assistance in his power ; nor did he ever while in office exert:
himself more or spare himself less than in their defence in
1835, and in carrying through the House of Lords the great
measure of Municipal Reform. In the Summer of 1836, he
refrained from all complaint when he saw his measures for
preventing pluralities and non-residence abandoned, and a
Bill introduced upon opposite principles. hi 1837, he conti-
nued to lend them support on all but one or two occasions,
when it was impossible to approve their conduct ; and on the
Canada Resolutions especially, last May, he was compelled to
oppose them..--a duty which he performed with manifest reluc-
tance. He had during that Session, 183 7, expressed his opi-
nions upon the necessity of altering the Reform Bill he essen-
tial particulars, and especially of extending the Elective _Fran-
chise. The present Session was unhappily opened with a
declaration on the part of the Government as a body,
that they tools a view wholly different from that of most'
Reformers ; indeed, of the great body of the Liberal party
throughout the country. .Ta this has been added their
support of a policy by which the rights of the subject are
invaded, and the maintenance of peaee itself put in jeopardy.
They who complain of Lord 13rougham--(tho Ministers them-
selves are assuredly not of the number)—for adhering to his
declared opinions, are respectfully requested to assign any
reason why he should abandon his own principles—tluese which
he has maintained, without the least deviation, through Out his
whole life—merely that he may support the Ministers sslus
have most conscientiously no doubt, though for the country
most unfortunately, seen fit to adopt other views.. Thus much
as to the claims of the Government at large, not only to fornt
new opinions, and follow an altered course, but to carry along
with them others whom their reasonings have wholly failed to
convince,
Now, as to the Colonial Secretary, the party whose conduct
is principally involved in the question of Ministerial respoisi-
bility for the present state of the North American Provinces,
—it is well known that Lord Brougham never skewed any
backwardness in coming down to his defence when be ob-
served him unjustly attacked. No ono can be better aware of
this than the Noble Lord himself; with wi:ora, however, it is
understood that Lord Brougham never has; any intercourse
save that of an official nature while a Member of the same Go-
vernment. But they who complain on the Noble qiretary's
behalf (he himself, assuredly, is not of the number), b:re re-
spectfully requested to assign any reason why full licee2eo
having been always allowed him, and some of his principal
Colleagues, to form their own opinions—with them to oppose
Parliamentary Reform up to Ist M crop, 1831—to defend the
Manchester Massaerc—to support the Six Acts—to remove Lord
Fitzwilliam from office fc.r nttending a Parliamentary Reform
Meeting at York—to oppose Lord Brougham's motion on the
case of Smith the Missionary--why, those Noble Persons
having without any blame whatever ly:cri Suffered formerly to
hold such courses—and having, so liapOy for the • country,
and so honourably for themselves, adopted a din",:.
rent line of po-
licy from Nov. 1 830 to Nov. 1837, Lord Brougham
le should
be complained of, fur continuing since Nov. 1k337 to abitl!' by
the very same principles which he had not taken up for than
first time in 1830, but held in all former times? It is respect-
fully asked what right they who now complain of Lord
Brougham for differing from the Noble Secretary of State,
have to expect that he should rather diff.er front his former self,
par-
takeabnndoofnthossiatedoenyvoictitoionntso tthhaetcahuasveeof c f
than from his former colleague ; and while yet unable to
o rme ee
d over
and(' 11' ec fr eace, se
lc' ,u tl ocl
which his public life had been consecrated ?

The accident of members of a party feeling themselves under
the necessity of opposing, upon some great occasion, those
with whom it is their general wish to act, although unfortunate,
is by no means unprecedented. Wlrn, in consequence of their
friends being in office, almost all the Whigs, were found,
during twelve months of the last war to relax in their desire of
peace, retrenchment and reform, Mr. Whitbread—a name
never to be pronounced without reverence and affection by
Englishmen—alone opposed the measures of the administra-
tion, that he might adhere to his principles. In 1820, Lord
Brougham declared in his place that he stood wholly aloof
from his party, on all that related to the case of the late
Queen, because there appeared a danger of her interests
being, without any blame, sacrificed to other, possibly more
important, considerations. There seems no good reason why
he should not pursue the same course, when it is understood
that he now very sincerely, though perhaps quite erroneously,
believes a like sacrifice is made of principles, incomparably
more important—the most sacred principles which used to bind
the Liberal party together ; and when so many men are firmly
persuaded that, but for the accident of the party being in
office, they would have joined in pursuing the same course
.which Mr. Fox and Mr. Burke followed with such signal
glory in the former American war.

It- is probable, that Lord Brougham, in choosing to con-
tinue in that course, has had little fear of thereby impairing
the strength of the present Government—that may be greater
or it may be less ; but there can be very little chance of any
diminution befalling it, while its party supporters, be they
more or less numerous, both in Parliament and in the country
more especially in many of the Corporations—appear to be so
firmly held together by the conmicn principle which guides their
conduct. That principle is one in some respects well grounded,
and forms indeed the foundation of r.il party cunnexiims.
When not pushed too far, it 'is justifiable and it is useful,
It teaches men to overlook minor differences of opinion, for
the purpose of effecting common objects of superior importance
and warns them against the fatal error so well described by
Mr. Fox, of giving up all to an enemy r.astalipertitiletaifioau:dt:ttiiroign
to a friend. It is, however, equally manifest, that the abuse
of this doctrine may lead to a justificasatlyto.onbo: thloiepcvdertybawtotrisiet
misconduct—may be used as a cover for the most sordid
sof peculations of
public privateprinciple
whatever.intcrcst anldt
party zeal of those above referred to, may not lead them to
such excesses. But for the present-it does appear to have
made the most grave questions.i of national polity—retrencii-
ratrotictila nothinglass of men in power—and
ment—slavery—colonial rights—constitutional principle__
with trliinec egre
°ipiliejviacic: (se' tte°idtisrwenliartrlirl ttaahlielnking a
patronage. of the Crown, as well as entrusted
with the affairs of the Empilc.
