PRIVATE BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.

Mr. AGLIONBY said that as the motion of which
he had given notice related to the private business of
the House, and as it would not be likely to occupy
much time, he hoped he would be permitted to have
precedence. He had given the nsice yesterday in the
absence of the Right Hon. the President of the Board
of Trade, whom be was happy to see now in his place,
as the duty that devolved upon him (Mr. Aglionby)
would be considerably lessened in consequence, as that
Right Hon. Gentleman had been Chairman of the
Committee from which the recommendations had ema-
nated. He had given the notice, because at this late
period of the Session he did not like even to lose a day.
The motion of which he had given notice was " to call
the attention of the House to the Second Report of the
Select Committee on Private Business ; and to move
resolutions relative to the appointment of an officer, in
conformity with the recommendation contained in that.
Report." He was desirous that the Speaker should
have the power of carrying those recommendations into
effect, as it was important that the House should be
enabled to command the services of the officer in ques-
tion.

Mr. P. THOMSON said it would not be necessary
for him to detain the House long on this subject. Au
officer of the description alluded to was attached to the
House of Lords, and no doubt that House would de-
rive considerable benefit from the appointment of such
an officer.

Mr. FINCH thought it very important that they
should have an officer appointed to draw up the skele-
tons of private Bills, so as to make them in conformity
with the regulations in another place.
Mr. HU ME supported the motion. Such an ap-
pointment would be most advantageous to the Members
of the House, and he trusted the talents of the officer
would be exercised in public as well as private Bills.
The Earl of LINCOLN inquired whether the reso-
lution would not virtually take the appointment out of
the Speaker's hands and vest it in the House ?
Mr. P. THOMSON replied that there was no-
thing in the resolution or in the intention of the Com-
mittee to bind the judgment of the Speaker with regard
to whom he would appoint. The Committee were well
satisfied with Mr. Booth's conduct, and the discretion of
the Speaker would remain entirely unfettered.
Mr. FRESHFIELD said the Committee bad men-
tioned Mr. Booth's name merely as an act of justice
to him.

On the suggestion of Mr. AGLIONBY, the reso-
lution was altered to these words :—" That an officer be

appointed under the direction of the Speaker, in con-
formity with the recommendations of the Committee

on Private Bills.—Agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE TEXAS.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice, that early next
Session he would move a resolution that it is the opinion
of this House that her Majesty's 11Iinisters ought
not to advise her Majesty to recognise the
independence of the State calling itself the Texas,
unless with the consent of Mexico, of which
: Alsoie
country it formed a part ; nor unless the aboli-
tion of slavery, and the making the slave trade piracy'
were necessary provisions in its constitution
address to her Majesty, praying that she would be an
ciously pleased to give directions to her 1 t \i•ru • gra-
sters to
make an agreement with the Government of Mexico
to place at her disposal a portion of the unoccupiedcteo ;
ter-
ritory on their northern boundary, to be set apart as an
independent asylum, or a free state for persons of
coIWAKLEY gave notice that he should to-
morrow move Nrry
move an address to her Majesty on the subject
of the petition which he had presented relative to the
imprisonment of Mr. Thoittnas.
The CHANCELL o of the EXCHEQUER sug-
ogens
tt eh de
h othatok it, h
nwouldt that
bel
ie hotter
might notre t
retain to
theplacer
i gshutc such
of notice
bring-
ing it on to-morrow,

EVENING EDITION'.

Mr. WAKLEY would at once yield to the sugges-
tion of the Right Hun. Gentleman, and withdraw -the
notice,

CONVEYANCE OF THE MAILS.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he should to-morrow
move that it is inexpedient to make any contract for the
conveyance of the mails to South America for so long a
period as ten years, and involving an expense of
2,400,000/. until further information be laid before the
House.

AFFAIRS OF THE EAST.
Mr. HUME wished to ask whether the Noble Lord
the Secretary for Foreign Affairs had any objection to
lay before the House the note of the 28th of July, re-
specting the pacification of the East.
Lord PALMERSTON replied, that it was not
usual to lay documents of that nature before the House,
but be thought this was one which might be made an
exception to the general rule, and therefore would
produce it.
THE HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT.
Mr. MACKINNON wished to ask whether any ten-
ders had been made,or contracts accepted,for the erection
of the Houses of Parliament. And also as 200,0001.1 rad
been voted last Session towards the embankment and
other matters, and not more than 10.0,0001. was re-
quired, what would become of the remainder.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said the sum alluded to had been taken to carry on the
works, but he was not prepared to answer the question
;.te in
e
then,notbaving provided himself with the necessary
documents.
EXCHEQUERmoThe
ving the
Orderof
CHANCELLORthe BILLSaoyf
for
re
goingFE Ux. Np Di
Hn
tIE:CoGu .r
nEr
ni
ti
oßfillt,hefeltwihtohleis Hdeotuys,einoneeethseegEuexeceheeqeufetrheßqillusesFtieune putidng
to him yesterday by the Hon. Member for Kilkenny,
and also irrespective of that question in the performance
of his public duty, to state distinctly to the House what
the result of the steps taken by him had been in adopting
for the first time the course he had taken of inviting
public competition. He felt that no c ommon responsi-
bility rested upon him, but he was conscious that he had
acted rightly, and he was resolved at all possible risk to
pursue that course, although he ;had met with great
personal kindness in the course of the debate. He had
been distinctly told that the plan had not only not suc-
ceeded, but had actually failed. He felt, however, that
the principle of allowing the Government to fix its
own price was injudicious, inasmuch as there
was a risk of favouritism being shown. The course
taken by him then was wholly of a different nature
from that taken upon former occasions. He dis-
claimed all credit to himself or to the Government; if
they had done right it was for the public to applaud, but
as the principle was a new one, and of immense import-
ance, he trusted that he might be allowed to state the
results. It was well known that 500,000/. of the con-
version was immediately subscribed by the Bank of Eng-
land. The books were then opened, and on the 19th of
August 674,000/. was subscribed. The 20th of August
happened to be a very dull and gloomy day, and there
appeared to be a very intimate connexion between the
st-Ite of the mercury in the barometer and a grave money
operation like that. On that day only 118,500/. were
subscribed. On the 21st of August the atmosphere had
become more clear, and the subscription list of that day
showed an amount of 736,000/. This day, whether it
was to be attributed to the sunshine or to what other
cause he did not know, but although it was not the last
day for subscriptions no less an amount had been
offered for than 1,672,500/., giving a total bf
3,721,000/. of Exchequer Bills to be converted,
and leaving a balance of only 279,000/. to be
subscribed to-morrow. He believed that he Was per-
fectly competent now to congratulate the House on the
success of the experiment, and also upon the terms on
which the operation had been carried into effect, under-
taken as it was at a time when the discount at the
Bank and the price of money loans in the City was al-
most unprecedented. This funding had been completed
(for he now considered it was completed) at a rate of in-
terest which might amount to 3/. 6s. per cent. He
would venture to say there was scarcely a Gentleman
whom he then had the honour of addressing, who could,
a priori, have anticipated so favourable result. That
result was a sure guarantee of the unimpaired credit of
this country.—(Hear.) Before ho sat down be would
take the liberty of adverting to the total amount of re.
duction which had been made in the unfunded debt of
this country. He had stated at an earlier period of
these discussions what were his anticipations ; and he
was now entitled to say that the whole of his anticipa-
tions had been realised. Comparing the year 1836
with the year 1839, no less a reduction would have been
made in the amount of the unfunded debt of this coun-
try than 9,650,000/. That was a reduction which had
been carried into effect almost imperceptibly without
producing any kind of inconvenient pressure on the
market, for the price of Consols to-day stood pretty
nearly as they did on the evening before the opening of
the loan. There had been no inconvenient disturbance
of the Exchequer bill market, of the Consol market, or
of the Money market, and he prayed the House to com-
pare that with the result that would have followed
had he taken the course recommended by some gentle
men, namely, to raise a money loan of 4,000,0001., and
apply that money in the purchase of Exchequer bills.
Had he taken that course, he was sure the public would
have lost, and there
i would have been great inconve-
nience experienced n the money market. The object
he had in view in going into Committee was to intro-
duce those clauses which would carry the resolutions of
the House into effect.--( Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME wished to ask how much permanent I
debt had been created by the funding of the nine mil-
lions. What was the actual amount of the public debt
after the funding had taken places What was the
amount of public Bills outstanding for public works ?
What was the amount of Exchequer bills which had
been issued to make good the deficiency, and whether
such issue had already taken place, or was about to take
place ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
that, had his Honourable Friend given him notice
of these questions, he should have been enabled
to have afforded him the information required.
He could give him the general results now, but.
being a matter of figures he preferred being accurate,
and therefore he would take another opportunity of at:
fording his Honourable Friend the information be Iv-
quired. With respect to the amount of Public Works
Bills outstanding, he believed the amount outstanding
for Public Works in England amounted to about 400,0001.
With respect to Public Works in Ireland he could give
more accurate information, the amount outstanding
at the commencement of the year amounted to
328,000/., for Ireland, but that tad now been reduced
to 193,0001., and he thought ho should he able to
announce a still further reduction.
After a few words from Mr. HUME, the House
resolved itself into Committee.
On clause 1 being proposed
Mr. FINCH said he believed that this was the pro-.
per time for him to move an amendment with a v',ew
of recording his opinion, that it would be a 'uetter
course to pursue for the interests of the ce.untry at
large to have a terminable than a perpetual '',ebt.
The CH AIRMAN said that the Bill 'aaving for its
object to carry into effect a previous 'resolution of the
House, the Honourable Gentleman could not now pro-
pose any amendment impugning the principle of the
Bill.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
that as the object of the Hon. Gentleman was merely to
record his opinion—he had better move a resolution on
the bringing up the Report, when they were in a House.
It was clearly out of order to do so now—but when the
Report was brought up he could move a resolution ern.
bodying his opinions.
Mr. FINCH said he had been told that this was the
proper time to submit his proposition, but he would post- I
pone it till the Report.
Mr. HUME suggested that the Hon. Member had i
better bring it on as a separate motion--(Hear, hear)—
for it would be more convenient to discuss it as an inde.
pendent proposition.—( Hear.)
The Bill having gone through Committee,
Mr. HUME said he wished to express his, regret that
the loan should not have been effected in stock of &
higher denomination. He was convinced that the
public advantage would be best consulted by that course,
affording as it did the prospect of a possible reduction
of interest. If this course hack been adopted in former
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER 'd
times, three or four millions would have been saved to
was not a loan—(H h thabtutu.ja
ttt :nsrsticf)reeoarunC: oal freytA'i.o transaction
securities.
oenalyr' state that SRI
resumed,
and
the Report. was opinion was unaltered, as to the expediency of the colvese
he had
se
taken on
then this
occasion.
or-
dered to be received to-morrow.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EX-
CHEQUER the Bank of Ireland Act Continuance
Bill went through a Committee, and the Report was
ordered to be received to-morrow.
On the motion of Lord MORPETH, the Lords
amendments to the Dublin Poli:13 Bill were agreed to. j

DUKE OF MARLBOROUGH'S ESTATE.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved the third reading of the Duke of Marlborough's
Estate Bill, upon which
Mr, WARLEY rose and moved that the House IA
counted ; and there not being forty Members preaer,i,
the House adjourned till to-morrow.

Messrs. Sedgwick and
iims Seenr3e;
BRUSSELS, AUG. 18.—Two of 'the most
eminent geologists in England,
111wchison, arrived at Liege on the 14th. Mr. Murchison
set out on the 15th to return to England, in order to at.
tend the meeting of the British Miociation, which is to be
been the railwayt.). o, 0
99
held this year at Birmingham, and of which he
tary. Mr. Sedgwich is gone on a geological excursion iD
our environs, accompanied by M. Andre Dumont, profemor
of geology at the University of Liege.
atinndgTh22ll6ll,s,:kPidsi:De etnhrgbeeyrsshe Covoic'ni d month,
far, the third mouth also has a furthersince%
ag
. opening. So
Increase of pas.
sengers,

in/. El( LNG- EDITION.

PROTESTS.

4C. - (THURSDAY, AUGUST 15.)
AGAINST 'THE SECOND READING OF THE
SLAVE TRADE SUPPRESSION BILL.

- DISSENTIENT-
1. Because the object of this Bill is to authorize an
Officer of the Crown to order the adoption of mea-
sures. _of hostility against Portugal, and other operations
of wai,„riot foutyled upon any public declaration of the
Sovereign; or. message to this House in the usual form,
announcing the necessity for sudh measures and opera-
tions, and calling upon the House to give its legislative
assistance to enable her Majesty to carry into execution
and rirforni the same, if such assistance' should be ne-
cessary. -
2. Because this House has not before it the informa-
tion to enable its Members to judge of the expediency
and necessity for these measures and operations ; of the
force necessary to carry into execution and carry on the
same ; of the probable resistance and retaliation of Por-
tugal and other Powers, and, in that case, of the means
of resistance of this country for the protection of her
Majesty's dominions abroad, and of the innocent and de-
fenceless commerce of her subjects in all parts of the

world.
3. Because the constitution of this kingdom and un
form pracice have been to leave to the Sovereign, act-
ing by the advice of her servants, the decision of all
questions of peace or war ; and to carry into execution
such measures, and to order such operations,
as the So-
vereign might be advised.
4. Because the enactment by Parliament of measures
and operations of war against a power of Europe is un-
usual and unconstitutional.
5. Because the enactments of the first clause of the
Bill enable the Lord H4ll Admiral or any one of her
Majesty's Secretaries of State to anthorise any person or
persons, that is, in a privateer letter of marque or other-
wise, to detain, visit, demand, search for, and examine
the papers of any vessels engaged, or by such persons
supposed to be engaged, in the slave-trade ; and in case
such vessels should not have on board, or the master
thereof should refuse, or neglect to produce on demand,
papers showing that they are justly entitled to claim the
j protection of any flag of any state or nation, to detain,
;bee, and capture such vessels, and this while the ex-
isting treaty of the King of the French for the purpose
of more effectually surpressing the criminal traffic cal-
-1 led the slave-trade, stipulates that a mutual right of
( seeith might be exercised on board the vessels of each
of the two nations within certain waters ; but that
the right of search shall be exercised only by
ships of-war, whose Commanders shall have the rank
of captain, or at least that of lieutenant, in the Royal
/ Navy. That the number of ships invested with this
right. shall be fixed each year by special agreement.
That the names of the ships and their commanders
shall be communicated by each of the Governments to
the other, and information given of all changes. That
the ships-of-war authorized to exercise the reciprocal
right of searah shall be furnished with a special autho-
rity from each of the two Governments. That the
search shall be exercised only within the waters as
described, that is to say, the west coast of Africa from
the 10th degree of south latitude to the 15th-degree of
north latitude, as far as the 30th degree of west longitude
from the meridian of Paris ; all round the Island of
Madagascar, to the extent of 20 leagues from the island ;
to the same distance from the islands of Cuba and Porto
Ricso, and from the coast of Brazil. That whenever a
a merchant vessel shall have been overtaken, being
I liable to suspicion, the commanding officer before he
proceeds to the search, shall exhibit to the captain of
the merchant vessel the special orders which confer
upda him by exception, the right to visit her. The
treaty then proceeds to specify the placee to which
shall be sent for adjucation French merchant ships
detained by her Britannic Majesty's ships, being all of
them places in which the jurisdiction was to be French.
But the first and all the clauses of the Bill which
eatable the Lord High Admiral or any Secretary of
State to authorize any person or persons to detain,
search, seize, anti capture any vessels, require that the
ranee shall be brought for adjudication in the High
High court of Admiralty in England, or in any Vice-
AdmirMY Court within her Majesty's dominion.
6. Because treaties to a similar purport, if not copies
of the treaties with the King of the French, have been
concluded for the same purpose with the following
Powers and ,Staten :—The King of Sweden and Nor-
)way, the King of Denmark, the Queen of Spain, the
King of Sardinia, the King of the Two Sicilies, the
King of the Netherlands, the Hanse Towns, and the
Grand Duke of Tuscany.
7. Because the fourth section of the Bill particularly
refers to the equipecent of a merchant vessel which has
negroes found on board, shall be considered as a prima
facie evidence of the employment of such vessel in the
trauspose of negroes or others for the purpose of carry-
ing them to slavery, at requires that such vessels shall
be brought to England or elsewhere to be adjudicated ,
and condemnor in a British Court of Justice, notwith--
; staadiug that the treaty with the King of the French
contains a special stipulation upon this vary subject of
equipment, and provides that merchant vessels under
French colours detained and found to be so equipped,
shall he sent for adjudication fo a particular placeestatecl,
there to he adjudged by a French tribunal. The treaties
with other Powers contain similar stipulations.
el. Because the provisions of the Bill convey powers to
, the. Lord High Admiral and to the Secretaries of State,
to giro, ructions to her Majesty's cruisers, and to give
aatrity re all persons, which must occasion breaches
stipulations of her Majesty's engagements with
rees.rly all the powers of Europe, if exercised as they
may and probably will be.
9. 'Because the exercise of the powers given by the
13611 to the Lord High Admiral and to the Secretaries
of State may tend to the detention and search for pa-
pers ; and the consequences of these actions on board
the merchant vessels belonging to the citizens of nations
or subjects of Powers with which her Majesty is not en-
gaged by any treaty for the mutual detention and search
of vessels for the purpose of preventing the traffic called
the slave trade, may be that such detention and search
way be resisted or retaliated, and eventually lead to
' other measures of war.
10. Because it is the Sovereign, with the advice of
her Council, who ought to originate such measures
likely to be attended by such consequences, if the honour
or the interest of the country should require their adop-
tion,and not the Houses of Parliament, Whose duty it is
to adopt proceedings in support of such measures, when
rzgularly called upon by the Sovereign by message in
trite usual form.
11. Because fllnasures so unusual, and calculated to
be attended by such consequences, are not necessary, in
order to obtain from Portugal the due execution of the
Treaties conclud-ed with the Sovereigns of this country ;
at the same time they are more likely than others to lead
to permanent, if not interminable, hostilities between
the two nations. •
12. Because the Bill authorises the capture and de-
tention of Portuguese vessels, and natives of Portugal,
subjects to the Crown of Portugal, and their adjudica-
tion before a British tribunal for a breach of Treaty with
the Sovereign of Great Britain and Ireland, and a breach
of the law of Portugal; thus assuming a right to exer-
cise a jurisdiNion at sea to punish a foreigner by the
sentence of the Courts of this country, for a breach of
the mueicipril law of his own country.
13. Because such proceedings as are authorised by
this Bill are inconsistent with the ancient and honourab'e
policy of this country, to maintain for ourselves peace
with all nations, by re,pecting the rights, institutions,
and independence of all, and cultivating their good-will
by friendly relations, to promote peace between the
natiabs of the world in general, b our good offices and
exertions; particularly in favour oy f the weak.
WELLINGTON, LYNDHURST,
FLTZGERALD, REDESDALE,
BEV EIILD.y. , 4ave4gp,7,
ee---- Itereer.yee, -"1/41.4. - A N'I"EBRU it, .
DEVON, SHAFTESBURY,
ORMOND, GLENGALL,
NVICICLOW, DE LISLE AND DUDLEY.
4

MoNDAr, ACGL'ST
AGAINST THE THIRD READING OF THE
SPLAVE TRADE SUPPRESSION BILL.
DisscsalENT—
i. Eecauseno communication has been made to this
11"26117 message from the Queen which can render
necessary, or Whieh can alone justify, this House in
agreeing to the proposed enactments of this Bill.
2. Because those enactme4.-its authorize measures
and operations of war against the subject of a foreign
pokoer, sgal, and their property, for breaches of
treaty concluded between her Majesty's Royal predeces-
4onctad Portugal ; and for offences committed against
Abe laws ot Portugal
on the high seas and on the coast
•;,/ Afria-a ; and provides that subjects of Portugal and
6otheir property are to be brought to England or else-
*here in her Majesty's domitions, to be adjudicated by
her Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, or a Court of
Vice-Admiralty.

. _
8. Because the enactments ro
de-
prive those foreigners thus tpobl)eased in this Bill
adjudicated of all
D _Lionel protection.
4. Because they authorize the detedntion at sea, the
boarding, the demand, search for, an
the papers, of all vessels met at sea by her examination of,
creigers, or any person th her Majesty's service
violation of all the treatie (made with each of
the Powers of Europe, gting a mutuaalr y'
all
right
of search by ships-of-war of merchant vessels, for the
suppres2iou of the traffic called the slave-trade.
'n
ien directl Majesty's
.5. Becaose the amendments in the first clause of the
Bill leave the cl)jection to the exercise of the right of
search exactly vihi,:e it stood in the Bill before it was
ascussad and altered iri Committee.
6.lkoasse vessels sailing under the flag of any cation
may be detained, boarded, searched, the demand for pa-
-1 pers made (which must be inspected),
ov before the illegal
predatory" character of the vessel detained can be este-
blish,ed • • *en of which acts of detention, boarding, de-
mand, search for and examination of papers, is a viola-
tion of treaty as between ii,l• Majesty and each of nearly
a the Powers of Europe, as applied to `vessels sailing
under their nags
respectively.
7. Because the exercise of such right of detention,
boarding, searela for turd examination of papers of veep-
