LIST OF THE MINORITY

Of 51 (Teller included) who voted for withdrawing the
vote of 82,1791., proposed for the Pay of Yeomanry
and Volunteer Corps for the year 1834.35.
For the Reduction
For the Vote
Majority for the motion -Ile
Total in the House l9O
Lister, E. C. IRELAND.
Parrott, J. Barry, J. S.
Potter, R. Belfast, Earl of
Staveley, T. K. Evans, G.
'Todd, J. R. Fitzgerald, T.
Trelawney, W. L. S. Jacob, E.
Turner, W. O'Connell, Maurice
1 Walter, J. O'Connell, D.
Warburton, H. O'Dwer, C. A.
Wason, R. O'Reilly, NV,
Watkins, J. L. Roclte, W.
Whalley, Sir S. Ruthven, E.
Wilks, J. Ruthven, E. S.
SCOTLAND. Sheil, R. L.
Gillon, W. D. IVigors, N. A.
Johnstone, A. !Walker, C. A.
Oliphant, L.
Oswald, R. A.
Wallace, R.
Wemyss, Capt.

ENGLAND.
Aglionby, H. A.
Attwood, T.
Bewes,
Buckingham, J. S.
Cobbett, W.
Collier, J.
Dykes, F. L.
Evans, Colonel
Ewart, W.
Faithfull, G.
Fielden, J.
Guest, J. J.
Hawkins, J. H.
11,nklley, B.
Humphery, J.
Hurst, 11. H.
Hutt, W.
James, W.
Lennox, Lord J. G

TELLER.
Hume, Joseph

LIST OF THE MINORITY
Of five (Teller included) who voted in Committee on the
Army Estimates against the Grant of 81,2401. to
Half-pay Officers of Disbanded Foreign Corps, of
Pensions to Wounded Foreign Officers and of Allow-
ances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign
Officers; from lit April, 1834, to 31st March, 1835.
Cobbett, W. (Williams, IFielden, J. TELLER.
Faithful, G. Colonel Iluthven, E.
Majority 201, Teller included.

THE EAST AND WEST INDIA INTERESTS.
—" Lord Althorp" says the Morning Herald, " and
tho,e persons whom his Lordship consults upon his finan-
cial arrangements, will be well repaid the trouble of pe-
rusing a series of articles on the financial state of Great
Britain, by Mr. R. Montgomery Martin, who, in an article
in the present number of the New Monthly Magazine,
demonstrates, upon soberly reasoned facts and returns (the
truth of which appear undeniable), how sugar might be
made to produce a revenue of 14,000,0001., instead of as
now only 4,000,0001., simply by increasing the consump-
tion thereof from five ounces to six ounces per head per
week to the whole population. It is due to Mr. Martin
to observe that there is nothing quixotic or enthusiastic in
his statements." The agricultural interest will find the
malt tax fully developed in the same spirit.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 12, 1831.

The " Warwick Borough Bill," for the ex-
tension of the elective franchise of that town to
Leamington Priors, passed the House of Com-
mons last night without a division. The soli-
tary voice of Mr. HALCOMB, the tiresome ad-
vocate-general of the rotten boroughs, was alone
raised against the third reading. This honour-
able member (who, in his seat for Dover, has a
sworn qualification in the borough of Warwick,
but whose property there is unknown to the
electors) proposed another committee of in-
quiry, after the fashion of Carrickfergus ; as
if any one but himself was not satisfied
of the variegated political corruption of the
borough. The " learned" member modestly
declined to divide the House on his ridiculous
proposition, on the pretence that " he would
not press the question, as several Members who
would have supported it had left the House,
not expecting that the question would come on
that night." The fact is, in respect of the po-
litical detection of the rank corruption in War-
wick, that the Tories, excepting Mr. HAL-
COMB, were ashamed to defend the glaring ve-
nality and abominable practices of the last elec-
tion ; and we shall be extremely surprised if the
House of Lords, on belief of an individual
peer, subjects itself to public obloquy by any
opposition to a bill which has passed the House
of Commons without a division on any single
stage or clause. We are informed that a great
change of opinion has taken place in Leaming-
ton in favour of the bill, and the inhabitants of
that thriving and delightful spa must now make
up their minds to political incorporation with
the electors of Warwick. This successful refor-
mation of the rotten constituencies by the
House of Commons is most creditable and cheer-
ing. The boroughs of Hertford and Liverpool
will be disposed of to-night.. In the former
case extension of the elective franchise will cure
.the mal-influence of an obstinateboroughmonger
in the instance of Liverpool, excision of the
cankered part of the constituency—the freemen
—will remedy the scandalous grievances of the
honest electors. Lord SANDON, and his local
partisans, will of course exhaust their manoeuvres
to diminish the measure of reform, but after the
majority on the second reading of the Liverpool
Freemen Disfranchisement Bill, nothing short
f of complete and final extinction of that base and
alloying portion of the Liverpool constituency
, can satisfy the country.

The French Papers of Monday contain some
accounts from the Spanish frontier, by which it
appears that a disturbance took place at Sara-
gossa on the 27th of February ; but although
several lives were lost, the cause of the affray is
not stated. The rebels were gathering strength in
the Basque provinces, but they were afraid to meet
the QUEEN'S troops in open battle. Skirmishes
occasionally took place between small parties,
in which the rebels were defeated. General
QUESADA, who relieved VALDEZ in the
command of the QUEEN'S army in these pro-
vinces, found it necessary to ask for more men,

in order to be enabled to act more decisively on
the offensive.
The non-convocation of the Cortes continued
to excite a very bad feeling throughout the
country, and especially in Madrid, against the
QUEEN'S government. The QUEEN REGENT
now begins to feel the ruinous effects of half-
measures, which are always in the end sure to
disgust friends, while they serve to embolden foes.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PAMS, MARCH 10,
Five per Cents., 101. f. 25c. COc.
Four and a Half per Cents., 90f. 50c.
Four per Cents., inf. 30c.
Three per Cents., 77f. 95c. 781. sc.
Bank Actions, 1,780 f
Rente de Naples, Mt. 50c. 70c.
Roman Five per Cents., 93n 04.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 2514 214 N.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 40N 40%.
Royal Spanish Loan, 79
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 62% 62%.
Haytian Loan, 2751.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f. 20e.
Three months, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f. 10c.
—Court Authentique.

Brussels and German Papers of recent dates
have been received. Their contents are various
but not important. A petition is being got up
in Belgium for obtaining a general reform in
the laws which regulate the medical profession.
The cotton manufacturers are in great hopes
that, by the help of the Government and the
national representation, they will be able to pro-
tect their own manufactures against all competi-
tion in the markets of Belgium.
In the German Papers there is an article
against the Republicans of France, charging
them with aiming at the propagation of the
most delusive theories—and wishing not for
peace but a general war—not freedom 'but
slavery—not, national happiness but national
disgrace and misery over the whole Con-
tinent, in order to feed their armies, and minis-
ter to their ambition to extend the boundaries
of France beyond the Pyrenees, the Alps, and
the Rhine.
There is a similar article, under date of
Vienna, respecting the labours of Congress,
which
evidently emanates from the dictation of
Prince METTERNICH.

Marshal BOURNIONT has arrived at Rome,
and gives it as his opinion that Don MIGUEL
has no chance.

The Leipsic Gazette of the 3d instant states
a soldier has been arrested on the charge of
being the murderer of GASPER liAusErt ; and
that a female of Cologne, who has given infor-
mation against him, has received the rewards
that were offered by the King of BAVARIA and
Lord STANHOPE.

VIENNA. Maim! I.—Five per Cent Metalliques, 98i;
Four per Cents, 89 ; Bank Shares, 1,250.

New York papers have been received by a
packet which has arrived at Havre five days
later than our last accounts, by which we
are happy to learn the failures were not at all so
numerous or so heavy as reported. The house
of Allen and Co. had resumed business, hav-
ing been assisted by the United States Bank.

Sir ANDREW AGNEW, pursuant to notice,
brought forward his motions last night, in the
House of Commons, on the subject of a better
observance of the Sabbath. Two of his Bills
were read a first. time, but the third, which was
to enable " local authorities to change Saturday
and Monday fairs and markets to other days,"
was thrown out by a majority of 44. Our
only surprise is, that it was not thrown out by a
majority of 656, for a more absurd Bill, one
more frantic in conception, more impracticable
in execution we never heard of. Why should
Saturday and Monday, as well as Sunday, be
dressed in the Agnew drab livery? Is it not
enough that the Saint has got the Sabbath fast
within his pious clutches, but he must seek also
to Puritanize two other days ? Are we to
have no Punch at a Saturday fair ; no innocent
merry-making on a Monday market-day ? Are
the bells to chime for church, or the conventicle,
all the week round ? How will the parsons like
this additional load of duty ? We suspect Sir
ANDREW will find some refractory subjects among
these ghostly men. It is clear, however, that he
is red-hot in his zeal to push his Bills through
Parliament, for we find that the second reading
of them is set down for next Monday. This
breathless haste has, evidently, a view
to the Easter holidays. No doubt Sir
ANDREW looketh on the Epping Hunt
as flat blasphemy, and the rolling of young
folks down Greenwich hill, as a direct instigation
of the Evil One. If, therefore, he:can pass his
bills into law before the arrival of that most
carnal and iniquitous season, Easter, all this
mischief, he thinks, will be obviated, and himself
obtai❑ a manifest victory over Satan. Really,
there is no seriously dealing with cant of this
sort. We have as profound a reverence for true
religion as the Episcopal Bench itself; but we
have no sympathy with that " righteous over
much" spirit, which takes no heed to the
essence, while it clings to the formulae of piety.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, MARCH 11.—W1;c1E.STE7,1ight.---Arrived and re.
main, the Frances, Duncan, from Rio Janeiro, for Amsterdam,
and Free Britain, Bennett, from Stockton.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 11.—Wind E. to S.E.—Arrived the
Henry Wellesly, Johnson, from London, for the Cape and Cey-
lon. Sailed the Andromache, Andrews, for Madras and Ben-
gal ; Mermaid, Johnson, for Bombay; and Katherine Stewart
Forbes, Anderson, for Madras.
FALMOUTH, MARCH 10.—Wind variable, with light breezes.—
Sailed his Majesty's ship Scorpion for Oporto and Lisbon ; Shel-
drake packet for Halifax; Asia, Bathie, for Madras and Bengal.
HOLYHEAD, MARC!! 10.—Arrived off port the Roman,
Wucks, from Savannah.
LIVERPOOL, MARCH 10.—Arrived the James and Thomas,
Ashbridge, from Maranham ; Llan Rumney, Cant, and Ulysses,
Kennedy, from New Orleans; Cervantes, Morris, and Oceena,
Leslie, from Mobile ; and Lochiel, Branscomb, from Charente.
CORK, MARCH 9.—Arrived the Alarm, Rosendale, from
Clarisse,ff the shoreconar
di
on b
ound Drogheda
from
Aia Bay,r
Gibraltar.
her
cargo, and towed into this port.
DVEILIN, MARCH 10.—The Newton, Hathaway, from Liver.
pOO
,Darnida r ti
wasP r idermi
veeinr ao,nLo shorepes , sailedon
t do
sße oh si
MARCH
,nclgii s)7a. been eoTnf
hgeo t
CARN,seillesto this port, has put into Algesiras, after being on shore,
and must discharge.
afterl
bank in the harbour, but was got off with the tide, without
yesterdayi‘iAnANfritiilijnAgN.fo2rs.7:isThboen
damage.

The Perlin, Nyboy, from Nantes, was condemned at Ba.
tavia previous to the 2d ult.

By the last advices from Paris, the premium
on gold is 7i per milk, which, at the English Mint price
of 3/. 17s. 10Id. per ounce for standard gold, gives an
exchange of 25-34 ; and the exchange at Paris on Lon-
don, at short, being 25-20, it follows that gold is 14.25
per cent. dearer in Paris than in London.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

LIVERPOOL AINTREE MEETING.

SECOND DLY.—A Free Handicap, of '2O sovs. each, h. ft., for

4-yr. olds. Once round and a distance.

Sir P. Dodsworth's Charmer, 7st. l llb ;31;.1,1anney's Rat-
catcher, 7st. 21b. ; Mr. Townley's Algiers, 7st. 71b. ; Captain
Burnley's Newcastle, 6st. 61b.; Mr. Price's Caliban, 7st. 61b. ;
Lord Westminster's Decoy, 6st. 51b.; Lord Westminster's
Bridegroom, 7st. 41b. ; Mr. Turner's Primrose colt, 6st. 31b.
DURHAM GOLD CUP.—Mr. J. Lambton's Ecclefechan, 5 yrs. ;
Mr. Shepherd's Revolution, aged; Mr. G. Wilkinson's b. c. by
Nimrod Adelicia, 3 yrs. ; Mr. J. Bowes's ch. c. by Figaro,
dam by Raphael, 3 yrs. ; Mr. W. Chaytor's ch. f. by Bob Logic,
darn by Octavian, 3 yrs. ; Mr. W. Harland's br. f. Industry, by
Agricola, 4 yrs. ; Col. Cookson's b. an. Catalani, by Tiger, aged ;
Col. Cradock's b. c. Paris, by Whisker, 3 yrs. ; Lord Eglin-
toun's br. 1. Zillah, by Jerry, 3 yrs. ; Mr. Jacques's ch. f. Pan-
tomime, by Swiss, 3 yrs.

MANCHESTER, MONDAY NIGHT.
The high celebrity to which the Newton and Liverpool Meet-
ings have within a few short years arrived, is a sterling proof
that Lancashire is not only famed for its commerce and its
arts, but also takes up the gauntlet to vie with any other
country in sanctioning the national pastime of horse racing.
If the " bill of fare," which we shall shortly give a sketch of,
for the diversions of the Newton Meeting of 1834, fails to at:
tract to the picturesque situation, and admirable appointed
Grand Strand, a glorious display of rank, wealth, respectabi-
lity, fashion, and beauty, that might rival the gems of Peru,
why, then, shall we be presumed to exclaim—" Farewell, a
long farewell to taste." The leading prizes of the last races
were splendid specimens of the goldsmith's art--of a stamp
that has been deserving of the notice, to the entries of the pre-
sent year, of noblemen and gentlemen, standing alike high
upon the turf and in private life. The stewards are E. G.
Hornby, Esq., M.P., and General Yates.
Now, brother sportsmen, to our promise—viz. a taste of—

. . ,
THE NEWTON MEETING.
FIRST DAY, JUNE 4.—TILE TRIAL STAKES of 10 sovs. each,
25 added—Limner, Miss Margaret, and Frantic are entered.
For THE PRODUCE there are seven entered; and for a two.
year-old sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, THE STRAIGHT HALF-
MILE, we find thirteen down, no forfeit. For THE GoLn Cup,
the gift of the Lord of the Manor, added to a HANtsicur
SWEEPSTAKES of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft., and 5 only if declared
before the Ist of April. As the weights will be published on
Saturday, we shall defer giving the names of the twenty-one
candidates until Monday next. A plate of 70/. value closes
the first day's sport.
The second day come on the ST. LEGER STAKES of 25 sovs.
each, 25 added, &c. The entry, Bellinge, Fearnhurst, by Peter
Lely, Jenny Sutton, Charlotte, Sir William, Red Rover, Po-
lander, Cashier, Gen. Chasse's b. c. by Tarrogan, Burdolph,
Birdlime,Vittoria, and Mague (since dead). A SWEEPSTAKES for
three-year old fillies follows. There are four down, and 20 sovs.
added. Next comes the BOROUGH CUP, value 100 sovs., added
to a 10-sov. sweepstakes—regular weights. The course two
miles. It has closed thus :—Trepidation, Peg Leg, Theodore,
Chancellor, Primrose colt, Despot, Pickpocket, Lady Stafford,
Captain Ross, Mezereon, Fitzdictor, Frenzy, and Poor Jack
Fawcett. A 701. plate " winds-up" this day.
THIRD DAY.—A SWEEPSTAKES of 50 soya. for foals of 1831,
sports an entry of half a dozen. Next follows TILE SHIGLEY
CUP, value 100] sovs., given by Wm. Turner, Esq., M.P.,
added to a Handicap Sweepstakes of 15 each, 10 ft., and 5
only if declared by the 2d of June : one mile and a half. On
the 24th of May "the weights" are to be published. There is
a capital muster, thus—Chancellor, Trepidation, Juliana,
Miss Golborne, Caliban, Lockington, Weeper, Languish,
Journeyman, Mowbray Hill, Rousseau, Harriet, Circassian,
Despot, Lady Stafford, Miss Margaret, Stenton, Polander,
Lady Moore Carew, Independence, Falconbridge, Lucy, Ma-
rianne, and the Marquis of Westminster's Bridegroom. THE
GOLEORNE STAKES of 20 Soya, each, all the money, exhibits
15 two-year-olds, of the most "fashionable blood ;" and for
the ST. HELEN'S PURSE, of 50 sovs., &c., 6 are entered. THE
WARRINGTON PURSE, and a 70/. Plate, will see the meeting
out, we trust, with eclat. And now for a few lines upon the
passing occurrences in our turf hemispheres :
First, THE DERBY—The little done upon it since our last
has tended to make Bentley quite as good a favourite as
Bubastes-6 to 1 has been freely taken, and is now hunted
after. Olympic would be freely supported, but the buyers are
" shy." Any oftbrs beyond our quotations would be booked,
touching either Comet, Shilelah, or Delirium. For THE
OAKS, the North mare is a shade worse-5 to lis laid. TIIE
CHESTER Cue is still uppermost, and the party holding up this
Solon as " the star of the forest," are really displaying great
game, for they keep "nibbling," and our "fieldsmen" are
disposed to "follow suit," for they see he is to be Premier
(in the bettings, we say not in the race). Perseverance was
taken up on Saturday on "country account," as well as for
town books, at 6to I very freely. Birdcatcher ranks a general
favourite, and is daily supported. Independence is steady;
and Speculator at our price has been booked. The Cardinal,
at 12 to 1, is taken upon ; the same may be said of Mona's
Pride—at that figure he would have been often backed at the
close of the week. An effort to bring our own LEGER for-
ward will present itself to the reader's eye by our quotations ;
and we have to add a fair sprinkling on THE .AINTREE CUP,
which will undoubtedly be made a great booking event It is
difficult to say which has " the call"—Theodore or the Mare.
Catherina and David have also many friends. The average
prices aro as follow :
CHESTER TRADES' CUP, p.p.
I
6to 1 agst. Perseverance (t) 10 to 1 agst. Controller
13 to 2 Speculator (t) 11 to 1 Mezercon
13 to 2 Independence 11 to I Mona's Pride

3to 2 Birdcatcher (free. 13 to 1 Bridegroom
ly taken) 12 to 1 The Cardinal (t)
7 to 2 Solon

3 to 1 agst. Speculator and Birdcatcher (taken).
THE MANCHESTER LEGER, p.p•
5 to 1 against Tarick (taken freely).
THE DERBY.
15 to 1 agst. Olympic (t)
18 to 1 Delirium
20 to 1 Comet (t)
25 to 1 Glencoe (t)
OAKS.
I 13 to 2 agst. Rosalie
'REE CUP.
112 to 1 agst. David (t)
113 to 1 Catherina (t)

1 to 2 agst. Bubastes (off)
fi to 1 Bentley (t)
oto 1 Plenipo (off)
sto 1 Shilelah

5 to 1 agst. Cotillon (t)

THE •INT
8 to 1 agst. Theodore (t)
Bto I Lady Stafford (t)
oto 1 Physician
Offers to back the field

v. six, or take seven,

The following are the openh-4
present proceeding between the
First Game, Westmin:
1. K. P. 2.
2. Q. P. 2.
3. K. P. takes P.
4. K. Kt. to K. B. 3.

g moves of the two games at
Paris and Westminster Clubs :
ester having the move.
K. P. 1.
Q. P. 2.
K. I'. takes P.

Second Game, Pali
1. K. P. 2.
2. K. Kt. to K. B. 3.
3. K. B. to Q. B. 4.

is having the move.
I K. P. 2.
K. Kt. to Q. B. 3.
K. B. to Q. B. 4

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
We are again without any arrivals this morning of con.

sequence.
A New York Packet Ship has arrived at Havre, by which
letters have been received five days later than the last accounts
of the 16th ult. They bring more favourable information
respecting mercantile affairs than previously received. They
state that the House of Allen had been assisted by the United
States Bank; and has resumed its commercial affairs. No
new failures had taken place. The Exchange had improved.
