AUGUST.

3. Serious riots toot place A Berlin, on the celebration
of the King's birth-day.
4. Two severe Bills against the liberty of the French
Press were introduced by Ministers in the Chamber of
Deputies.

On the motion that accommodation be provided for
ladies in the gallery of the House of Commons, a division
took place, when there were 83 for it, and 86 against. Ma-
jority of 3 against the ladies. On the same evening a
lengthened discussion relative to Orange Lodges took place
on the motion of Mr. Hume.

A grand fete was given to their Majesties at Zion
House, by the Duke of Northumberland.
5. Halley's comet was first seen at Rome, after an ab-
sence of 76 years. It wiN not observed in England till
about the 23d of the same month.

6. The fifth annual meeting of the British Association
for the advancement of science, commenced at Dublin.
7. Dr. M'Crie, author of " the Life .of John Knox,"
died at his.bouse in Edinburgh.
8. A serious riot broke out at Baltimore in consequence
of the failure of the Bank of Maryland. Considerable
propertyw.as destroyed, and several lives lost. About the

same period a negro conspiracy was discovered in Missis-
sippi, when several persons supposed to be implicated in it
were executed without legal trial. They were subjected to
a mob trial, and suffered by what is called " Lynch Law,"
though, according to all accounts, several of them would
have been acquitted in the regular course of trial.
11. After two n'ghts' debate a Committee was appointed
by the House of Commons to inquire into Orange Lodges
in Great Britain and the Colonies.
Professor Airy was appointed Astronomical Obser-
vator in the Observatory of Greenwich, on the resignation
of Mr. Pond.
A grand banquet was given at Richmond, to their
Majesties, by the Marquis of Ailsa.
A. riot broke out at Washington. The vengeance of
the mob was directed chiefly against persons who had circu-
lated anti-slavery tracts. In the course of next day it was
put down. About the same time great excitement pre-
vailed at Charleston, and on the arrival of the mail, laden
with copies of an anti-slavery paper, called the Emancipator,
between 300 and 400 citizens broke into the Post-office, car-
ried off all the copies, and burnt them in the street. .In
the course of the same month riots, arising from the same
cause, occurred in nearly all the chief towns of the United,
States.

12. A violent hurricane did great damage in the islands
of Antigua, Nevis, and St. Kitts.
13. The trials of the Lyons prisoners, which lasted more
than three months; was concluded. They were sentenced

to various terms of imprisonment. What; the trial was go-
ing on 44 of the Parisian insurgents escaped from prison,
thirteen of whom were retaken, and the rest got clear off.
A fire broke out in New York, which destroyed
property to the amount, it is said, of 2,000,000 of dollars

(400,0001.) The loss 'fell chiefly on publishers and those
employed in newspaper establishments, upwards of 20 of
which were destroyed.
At a meeting of the Commission of the General
Assembly of the Church of Scotland, in Edinburgh, a mo-

tion was carried, by a majority of 90 to three, that the
Church Commission was composed of men whose princi-
ples did not entitle them to the confidence of the friends
of the Church. Al a subsequent meeting , the CommiE-
sion resolved
_to give every eneouragepent to the enquiry,
a far as regarded statistical matters,
