ADJOURNED INQUEST ON MISS

Pursuant to adjournment the further inquiry into
the circumstances attendant on the melancholy sui-
cide of this young lady were yesterday evening re-
sumed at the Town hall, Poplar, and, as on the
former day, several persons attended to hear. the
proceedings and learn their result.
In our account of the antecedent day's proceed-
ings we omitted mentioning, that on the discovery
of the body it was clothed in a muslin dress, on
examining which the knife so often spoken of was
discovered, together with some trinkets of trifling
value, but no money.
Of the witnesses summoned, Mr. Kirkham, the
hotel-keeper; Mrs. Williams, of Sloane-square; and
Mrs. Wells, of Sloane-street, in whose house the
deceased and her sisters last lodged, being in at-
tendance, and the Jury having answered to their
names, the further investigation commenced before
Mr. UNwIN, the Coroner.
Mr. Philip Kirkham examined—l am the pro—
prietor of Kirkham's Hotel, arid I knew the de-
ceased and her sisters. They lodged with me for
five weeks, and left my house on the Ist of April,
1829. While with me I saw no depression of spi-
rits about them, but, on the contrary, they appeared
to me too high spirited for their pockets.
To a Juror--I did not perceive the slightest evi-
dence of insanity. The ladies were very high-
spirited, especially the eldest, who was of a most
resolute character.
To another Juror—l ground this opinion on the
fact of her taking up a poker whenever the small
sums in which they were indebted were called for
by their creditors, and placing herself near the fire-
place in a posture of defence.
By the CORONER—YOH will confine yourself to
the conduct of the deceased, Miss Hermandine, with
that of her sisters we have nothing to do.
Mr. Kirkham—The girl who is dead I always
thought sensible. She used to come down fourteen
or fifteen times a-day to my bar, and give her orders
in a sensible and methodical manner, observing that
all she wished was that she and her sisters should
be treated like ladies. On the day they left my
House they went to Hickinbotham's Hotel, where
they were arrested.
To the Jury—Mr. Dickinson called on me after
they were in the Marshalsea, and I understood from
him that he took an interest in their affairs. Seeing
them so distressed, I proposed to make up a sub-
scription for them, and had obtained subscribers to
the amount of near 30/., but they refused 016 con-
tributions in a scornful manner, saying that they
were ladies, and would not accept of any charity.
The CORONER (to the Jury)—Gentlemen, do
yon think you have now sufficient testimony before
you to s atisfy your minds as to the verdict you
shall return ?
Juror—From what we have heard during this in-
vestigation, it appears to me that the deceased and
her sisters were ladies of a very high spirit, and that
depressed in circumstances, and considering them-
selves degraded in rank, they were impelled to the
rash attempt in which one of them perished.
The Jury, on the Coroner's suggestion, their
sentiments being by no means unanimous, withdrew
to a private apartment, where they remained in
close consultation, with closed doors, for about 20
minutes, when E. Roche, Esq., and Madame and
Monsieur Jaunay, the most material witnesses,
having arrived, the circumstance was communicated
to them, and they returned to the inquest-room to
hear their evidence.
E. Roche, Esq., examined,—l am one of the pro-
prietors arid the joint editor of the Courier news-
paper. I was acquainted with the deceased Miss
Hermandine Both. In March last she applied to
our paper to insert a letter with respect to some
money which Count Munster had received from the
King for their use, and which then remained in his
hands. The letter was_ not inserted for reasons I
then mentioned, and I recommended that instead of
its insertion I should write to Count Munster on its
subject, and I did so. I received a very polite
answer from the Count, who sent to me his private
secretary, to explain his reasons for withholding the
money until these ladies arrived in France; their
circumstances were so bad, that they were twice
taken to a gaol, arid this assuredly caused a great
depression of spirits. I more frequently saw the
deceased than either of her sisters. Their depres-
sion of spirits, I conceive, arose from disappoint-
ment, and their not receiving a sum of money to
which they conceived they were justly entitled. They
,seemed to me to have been ladies highly brought up,
but latterly they were so humbled in spirit that
they applied to me to insert an advertisement in the
Courier for even a menial situation.
CORONER.—Are you of opinion that these cir-
circumstances combined led to the melancholy
suicide of the young lady ?
Mr. Roche.—l am decidedly so. (To a juror).—
I saw the deceased three days before her death. I
had then written to Mr. Rothschild, proposing the
sale of a pension which they enjoyed from the Ha-
noverian Government, but he refused to purchase
it, and the refusal may have added to their uneasi-
ness of mind. They came as I understand, to this
country by the advice of the British resident in
Switzerland, for the purpose of having the full amount
of their pension restored, which, after the death of
their father, was reduced to a trifling pittance. On
their arrival at Paris, they were pennyless; and to
raise means to defray their expences to England,
they were compelled to mortgage it to a banker in
that city. His Majesty transmitted 50/. to Count
Munster, for their use; but he, I am informed, de-
clined paying the unexpended balance remaining in
his hands until he was assured that they had arrived
in Paris. I don't believe that they were for the
last four days prior to Miss Hermandine's death
wholly without food : they had not any of an
animal kind.
Madame Jaunay was the wife of the proprietor
of the hotel of that name in Leicester-square ; she
had known the deceased for some time; the last
time she saw her was on the evening of Monday
week; she called at an advanced hour at her house,
and, after some hesitation, asked if she and her
sisters could procure a boat at any hour they wanted
it. She (witness) replied, that she thought she
could. She then asked her to advance her some
money, but this she refused, saying that she could
not do so in the absence of her husband; but if, on
his return home, he should consent to it, it should be
sent to them in the morning. The deceased ob-
served, that that would be too late : she and her
sisters, after remaining some time, departed at 10
o'clock, and while they remained, the deceased ap-
peared labouring under a great depression of spirits.
Mr. Roche here observed, that as it might serve
to satisfy the minds of the Jury, he would, with
their permission, state a few circumstances which
would tend to throw more light on the unfortunate
occurrence. On the evening after it took place, in
consequence of •a comMunication from Miss Both,
he called upon her and her surviving sister, and from
what they told him, he was assured there was no
premeditated intention to commit suicide. They
iaid, that on the day on which they were compelled
to leave their lodgings in Sloane-street, they went
to Jaunay's in the hope of procuring some assist-
ance. Being unsuccessful there, they wandered to
Greenwich, where they endeavoured to procure a
bed for the night. This would not be granted to
them without their first paying two shillings, and
not having it, they walked unconsciously to the
PA RTNERSHI PS. DISSOLVED. water-side, where they got into a boat with the in-
Edward Price, Edward' William trice, and Thomas ; tention'of returning to town. .When they reached

HERMANDINE BOTH.

Hip Ro}•al Highness the Duke of Cumberland, his Royal
Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Royal Highness the
Prince Leopold of Saxe Coburg, the Earl of Westmor-
land, the Marquis Camden, the Duke of Rutland, the
Earl of Hardwicke, the Duke of Beaufort, the Earl of
Lonsdale, the Marquis Wellesley, the Duke of • Montrose,
the Duke of Wellington, the Earl Bathurst, the Marquis of
Bath, the Duke of Dorset, the Duke of Leeds, the Mar-
quis of Exeter, and the Duke of Richmond, attended by
the under-named Officers of the Order, in their mantles,
chains, and badges, v;z., the Lord Bishop of Winchester,
Prelate of the Order; the Lord Bishop of Salisbury,
Chancellor of the Order ; the Hon. and Rev. the Dean
of Windsor, Register of the Order; and Sir George Nayler,
Knt. Garter Principal King at Arms.
At four o'clock the Knights Companions were called
over by Garter, and, with the Officers of the Order, pro-
ceeded into the presence of the Sovereign, in the Chap-
ter-room.

The Sovereign and the Knights Companions being
seated, the Chancellor signified to the Chapter the Sove-
reign's Royal will and pleasure, that the vacant stall in the
Royal Chapel of St. George be filled ; and, as by the sta-
tutes none but a Knight can be elected, the Earl of Ash-
burnha►n was introduced and knighted by his Majesty with
the sword of state, after which his Lordship, having kissed
the Sovereign's hand, retired.
The Knights Companions then proceeded to the elec-
tion, and the suffrages having been collected by the Chan-
cellor, were by his Lordship presented to the Sovereign,
who was pleased to command him to declare, and he ac-
cordingly declared, that the Right Honourable George
Earl of Ashburnham had been duly elected a Knight of the
Most Noble Order of the Garter.

Then, by the Sovereign's command, the Earl was re-
ceived at the door• cf the Chapter-room by the Marquis
of Exeter and the Duke of Richmond, the two junior
Knights Companions, and conducted between them to his
Majesty, preceded by Garter, bearing the ensigns of the
Order upon a crimson velvet cushion. The Earl kneel-
ing near the Sovereign, and Garter presenting on his knee
the Garter, his Majesty, assisted by their Royal High-
nesses the Dukes of Cumberland and Gloucester, the two
senior Knights Companions present, buckled it on his
Lordship's left leg, the Chancellor pronouncing 'the usual
admonition.

Garter next presented, in Übe manner, the Riband
with the George, and his Majesty, with the assistance of
the two senior Knights Companions, put the same over
the Earl's left shoulder, the Chancellor pronouncing the
admonition. The Earl having again kissed the Sovereign's
hand, and received the congratulations of each of the
Knights Companions, withdrew.
The chapter being ended, the Knights Companions
were again called over by Garter, and with the Officers of
the Order, retired from the presence of the Sovereign with
the usual reverences.

the spot where the calamity occurred, it struck the
deceased they had not a place in which to lay their
heads, and in the desperation of .the moment the
deceased flung herself overboard, and the survivors
followed her.
The Jury expressed themselves fully satisfied
with the two last witnesses, and returned a verdict
of " Suicide committed by Miss liermandine Both,
while under the influence of temporary derange-
ment."

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

If the representation given by Mr. HerrieS of
;he labours of the Bishop of Lincoln turn out
;0 be correct, that Prelate will have done more
o reform the Church of England than all the
who
theh Reformavelivedsbiceth b
ereeiigrunpaorftiHaleanirlyd
'
Bishops "
the Eighth. The Rev. Mr. Wray, while he
asked that -
universal, that he might be mightfitted from the un-
pleasant singularity of' being an example, and
knowing, moreover, that his portion of the sacri-
fice to a plan for rendering the Clergy more use-
ful was compensated by witnessing its efficacy and
success," was led to express a fear that the la-
bour was too Augean for the perseverance and
the individual privation that must ensue—too
repulsive for the benevolence of one Diocesan."
But, according to Mr. Herries, the Bishop is
determined that every parish shall occupy the at-
tention of one Clergyman. Mr. Wray had
pointed out to the Bishop forty-five cases in the
Archdeaconry of Lincoln (not in the Diocese
of Lincoln, as Mr. (Terries is made to say in
some Reports) similar to his own. " Now, the
Bishop (says Mr. Holies), so far from neglect-
ing those cases, had, before and since the
period when that principle was enforced,
taken proceedings to enforce a similar principle in
every other case ()fate kind throughout his diocese.
It turned out, that of the 44 cases (45 were
mentioned in the Archdeaconry), there were 24
in which the duty was now performed, and the
principle which had been enforced in his case not
carried into effect. Now with regard to eight
of these the Bishop has already enforced the
same principle of doing duty ; with respect to
five he was taking measures to enforce the same
principle ; five more cases were under inquiry at
present. With regard to the two j .remaining
cases, in one of them his. Lordship w.as not as
yet satisfied that it would be • just to call" for the
enforcement of this principle ; and as to the
other, he had not as yet received a satisfiictory •
answer regarding it." So far with respect to the
Archdeaconry of Lincoln ; and it may. be _pre-
sumed, though Mr. Herries was modestly silent
regarding the Nshop's labours in the abolition
of pluralism throughout the other 1,200 parishes
of his Diocese, that he has there been equally
zealous and equally successful. The success of
the Bishop in the abolition of Pluralism in the
Archdeaconry of Lincoln is the more remark-
able, as it has been effected in so very short a
space, that the facts are hardly yet known in the
neighbourhood. We do not mean to deny that
Reform has taken place ; for last week, sub-
sequent to the publication of Mr. Wray's
Pamphlet, there appeared an advertisement
in a Lincoln Paper, appointing a Meeting
of the Clergy, to be held on the 27th
of this month, with a view to the adopting,
means for the improvement of the Church ser-
vice. We expect to be able in a few days to
the success of his Lordship. The first order
speak with more confidence as to the extent of
to Mr. Wray, requiring him to confine his exer-
tions to the parish of Bardney, was dated 25th
June, 1827. On the 15th Januarv,• 1829, a
full year and a half afterwards, Mr. Wray, living
on the spot, informs his Lordship that he was
unable "to learn that he had procf,ded
farther." " When I cast my eye (he adds)
around the Archdeaconry in which I am situated,
I see every where the same licence and omission
as before. I do not find that the-Rectors of
opulent benefices have been called upon -to tt,,‘
sign stipendiary duty, or the Ministers of palm.
sous parishes performing two services by your
command. A,l remain unreproved and undis-
turbed." The Bishop found no difficulty in the
case of a poor Vicar
.of OW. a year with thirteen.
children. The story told by .21%4: I-terries of
the - Bishop's consideration
man; l-when--her, found-that had..te sowliving
its hiS fatnify; 'in' appointing ,him ke•ttfief Curacy
Of Horsington; is • only TO the Shoff 'objet4
tion •of being •unteuethe "order to abandiin't he
Curacy having been issued nine 'Months before
the appointment of the son was thought of, 'and
the Bishop having had no concern with it -; but
here he made a long and an ominous Pause 'or
eighteen long months. The proverb Ce West
que le premier pas qui route was reversed in his
case, for the first step seemed to cost him no-
thing ; but it is not more difficult to- get an
elephant to step on a raft, than to move his
Lordship to take the next. However, when F,e
once determined to proceed, he made up fcr his
hesitation. In Russia and Lapland, v:nen the
summer once comes, the rapidity of vegetation
seems to atone for the delay. What the
Bishop of Lincoln has done, every BiShop
can do. We shall thus see, ere long, plu-
ralism completely abolished in the• Church of
England. He has shown that the idea that
numbers of the beneficed Clergy were in a•great
degree pluralists by necessity, is founded in error ;
for, by applying the law to a living of 601. a
year, he may be said to have barely excluded a
single living from, the benefit of full duty. There
is one evil, however, which we fear will always.
set reform at defiance—the degrading state, of
dependence of the working Clergy. It is,•noto-
rious that law•must ever be inoperative in their
case, so long as a Rector can, at as Short notice
as a master gives in the case of any'otherServant,
send the Curate adrift. • The Law may say, no
Curate shall receive less than a certain stun a
year ; the Rector who has purchased the LiVing
at a higher rate than he would have .paid for,pt
annuity to an equal amount. (and it is a lapeklery
to affect to be blind to the open sale of Church
Livings, and downright twaddling to talk o 4
Simony, after the late Law respecting 'Bonds of
Resignation), will tell the Curate, that if he
does not choose to take less, he has no longer
any occasion for him. The weakest always goes
to the wall—the Curate must take what .h can
get. Churchmen are just like other fi i
• religion is to drive the best bargaie, they 611,
and to evade all laws but the law of self-interest.
OPENING of A NEW RAILWAY.—The Hence, as long as this miserable class of de-
pendents exists, the ceaintry must prepare for
opening of the new rail-road from Kingswinford to the
bein
Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal with a locomotive z afflicted with the evils which flow from
steam-engine, took place on Tuesday, amidst an immense .
concourse of spectators from the surrounding country. the union of
,edueation and slavery. The poor
Extract of a letter from Calcutta ;—" With- •
i
Curate must be Calvinist in one place, Armeni-
.
in these few days Lord WILLIAM 13ErirnicK has agreed to lan another—et lout? our la it pe.—nid.
allow European planters, &c. to bold leases of land is We had thought that we had settled the affair
their own names—a great step truly ; but most alahorrent ofthe tr:
insoop a Lincoln, Mr. Archdeacon
in all times to the Company, and which I fear they will
Goddard* and Mr. Wray, by the observations
disapprove. It puts an end to a system of boundless
mendicity, injustice, fraud, and folly, under which lands We made on the subject last Friday ; for,
were held really by Europeans, but in the names of native whatever its appeared since in print in other
journals, and whatever has been since transmitted.
to us, which we have suppreSsed, has been I:ll.ere
dependents. It gives a European a sort of political or
recognized place in the social body. He may now show
his face in a Court ; and it leads to much more here-
eavil,—some of it, tO(1
YllsPui.tepofiatn iig
the".
after, and specially to the purchase of laud. It imme-
diately facilitates the introduction of enterprise, skill, and rant cavil. How(avtr), the subject having been
since foolishly resumed `by Mr. Hir.ne, we shall
capital ; enables colonization to rear its head, and gives .
men courage to undertake agricultural and manufactur- bestow feti more thou
ing improvements; to invest capital in large fixed ma-
chinery,neverword
and modes that produce slow returns (which
not the case with Indigo, our only successful ;:apse. e Archdeacon Goddard, very Much against
tinenta
hitherto.) It will in time spread over the country ge- Mr. Wray. We do Ak9k know why Mr.- Wray
and cheaper than we now command.
nerations of comparatively free men, of all colours and " was shown up" by the venerable Archdeacon,
a
mfoart
jiouesst,icea,ad so furnish a supply of fitter instru-
or rather we do. know ; but being -" shown up,"
n
In saying this last, I say much more than I express—l we think he acted improperly in bringing for-
say every thing!"
ward other cases, every one of which may be

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

KNIGHTON RACES.

THURSDAY, JUNE 18.—The Radnorshire Stakes of three
sovs. each, with 20 added, for horses not thorough-bred.
Mr. J. Weyman's Forester 1 1
Mr. E. Jones's br. c. by Spectre 2 2
Mr. Green's Susan 3 3
Mr. Roger's The Doctor 5 4
Mr. Sayce's Boadicea 4 5
Mr. Bowman's b. g. by Antelope 6 dr
A Silver Cup, value 50 sovs. for all ages.
Captain B. Davies's Mitre 6 1 1
Mr. Hiorn's Vixen 2 2 2
Mr. Edwards's Lady Frances
Mr. Williams's Miss Wasp (rider fell)
Mr. Coates's br. f. by Rossini
Mr. Chees's Alice Gray 5 dr
FRIDAY, JUNE 19.—Membos Stakes of five sows. each,
with 50 added by the County and Borough Members,
for maiden horses.
Mr. Hiorn's Grecian
Mr. Onion's b. I'. by Master Henry 2 2
Mr. Pickernell's ch. f. by Bobadil 4 3
Mr. Stubbs's br. f. by Manfred
Mr. Leake's Fairy 6 5
Mr. Thorne's Prudence
Handicap Sweepstakes of three sovs. each, with 20 added.
Mr. Weyrnan's Forester ... 1 1
Mr. Vaughan's Cholstry Lass 2 2
Mr. Thornes's Prudence 3 0
Mr. Hiorn's Grecian
Mr. Wadlow's Little Harry

HAMPTON RACES.

TUESDAY, JUNE 23.—Match for 50 clove. Mile and a

quarter.
Mr. Hick's Jack of Clubs, 3 yrs
Mr. Berkeley's Chance, aged. 2
The Maiden Stakes of 10 sovs. each, and 20 added from
the Fund, for maiden horses. Heats, once round.
Mr. Messer's Chew Bacon, 4 yrs
Mr. Theakston's c. by Wrangler, 3 yrs
Mr. Hammond's f. by Anticipation, 3 yrs
General Grosvenor's Keepsake, 3 yrs 2 dr
Handicap Stakes of five sovs. each, and SO added. Heats
from the turn of the lands once round.
Lord W. Lennox's Roundhead, 3 yrs
Mr. Coleman's Theresa, 4 yrs 2 2
Captain Locke's Penultima, 5 yrs 4 3
Lord W. Lennox's Ariel, 5 yrs 5 4
Mr. B. Bond's f. by Blacklock, 4 yrs

different from his own, but to all of which
the Bishop had applied, or was applying,
appropriate remedies, where such were wanted ;
and we should now think that his Lordship
would act with a weakness unbecoming his cha-
racter, if he were to advance one step beyond his
original intention, in the way of eufoi cing resi-
dence or double duty, in consequence of this
attack by Mr. Wray, to whom he owes no ac-
count of his conduct, Mr. Wray also (for we
must now make a resumge, as the French call it,
of all his peccadilloes) acted improperly in suf-
fering it to be concealed in the pamphlet which
was written for him, that he held another living,
and that his son was put into the vacant curacy
by the Bishop, and that the living of Bardney
itself was voidable; all these, we say, were im-
proper concealments on the part of Mr. Wray,
which cannot be defended. We observed that
the Bishop of Lincoln was in his place in
the House of Lords on the same night,
where, however, his presence was rendered un-
necessary by the testimony that was borne to the
propriety of his conduct by men of all parties in
the Commons.— Times.
We have been led to look over our articles
upon the subject of the vacancy for the county
of Waterford which Mr. V. Stuart's resignation
will cause, and regret to think that any observa-
tions we should have made upon the subject
should have given pain either to his private or
political friends. We have not forgot how as-
sidulously he gave up his mind, and how free
also his purse, to the promotion of the success of
the great cause of Catholic emancipation ; and
we are ready to admit that he cannot have taken
any step inconsistent with his honour in what he
may consider the interests of the people of Ire-
land. Of the purity of his motives, therefore
(whatever insinuations may have been promul-
gated to the contrary of his having come to
some understanding with the Beresford family,',
or having tampered with the King's Govern-
ment for the title of Grandison), we most an.
equivocally declare our belief ; at the same time
we must, in common with many of his best
friends, regret his decision in resigning the
county at this time, and under circumstances
the result of which he cannot foresee, and which
we venture to predict may be prejudicial to the
spirit of peace and conciliation which we so
anxiously desire to see established. Since this
was written we have received a letter from Mr.
Villiers Stuart, which disavows all interested
motives. We repeat our belief in the purity of
his motives, but we are totally at a loss for any
sufficient reason for his resignation :
