the Committee think, be only desirable in as fidas
it would contibute to the comfort and happiness of
the negro slaves.. Slavery and its concomitant evi s
are already treated, and the Committee therefore
conceive that the only question to be entertained is,
—how can slavery and its attendant evils be anni-
hilated, with the least possible mischief to the par-
ties whom they now affect ? The question should
not be, as the Committee presume to think,—How
can slavery be terminated with the greatest speed,
merely ? but how can it be terminated, so as to se-
cure for his subjects a blessing rather than a curse ?"
In prosecuting this inquiry the Committee
came to the conclusion, that " any forcible at-
tempt to- secure immediate Emancipation would
issue not .only -in the destruction of a large
amount of -private property, acquired under the
sanction of the British nation, if not to the de-
struction of the Colonies themselves, as part of
the British empire, but also to the great and
irreparable injury of the Negroes thetirselves ;"
and immediate Emancipation. being therefore
wholly out of the question, the Committee, after
much deliberation, came to the conclusion that
-,
the only mode of arriving certainly and surely at
the desired result was by making adequate pro
vision for securing r the real interests of all the
parties concerned.'` The Committee, in fact,
• " Confidently claim for the West India proprie-
tors, as.a matter of justice, that which they have
now made only a matter of 'expediency and policy.
*libp,ra,are decidedly of opinion, from a fair, and pa-
tient,.and dispassionate review of the subject, that
although slavery is an evil of the greatest magni-
tude, and one in which the planters are equally im-
plicated with the rest of the British population, that
it is, neverateless, an evil created,' not by the plan-
ters themselVes, nor for their separate interests, but
by•the motkerVountry, • :and for national purposes.
But whether?:ft be regarded as a question.of right,
or of expedielyNte Committee are unanimously of
opinion, thatea can only be by securing the eon*-
rence.of the platitus,on the measures of emancipa-
tion, that Iliat great and important object can be
effected. But•this concurrence of the West India
proprietora,..- the .Committee take the liberty to re-
peat, can only be
.gained by giving to them an ade-
quate security against all further claims than such as
we are fairly and equitably entitled to prefer against
them, as one of the parties to the evil we now seek
to destroy." _ . _

Such are the views of the Committee on the
great question of the Abolition of Slavery : and
we cannot but hail the appearance of such mode-
ration and sound sense as forming almost a new
era in the discussion—as tending powerfully to.
influence the future proceedings of the legisla-
ture, and to bring the whole matter within the
range of the simple question of " What prac-
tical measures can be adopted to effect the Abo-
lition of Slavery ?"—.Morning Advertiser.
