brightens.

NAPLES, FEE. 29;:--An extraordinary courier has just arri-
ved from Corfu, bringing intelligence of importance from the
Government of ttie lonian Islands, addressed to an official
personage at this Court. It appears, from what has transpi-
red, that some leaders haCe seceded front the Greek cause,
and passed over to the 'forks; by which the latter have be-
come so formidable, that it was expected they would soon be
able to restore tranquillity to unhappy Greece. This news
has had the effect of increasing the confidence which exists,
that no war between Russia and the t'orte would take place;
since, should the Turks be enabled to assume their former
dominion, one of the greatest difficulties in the way of peace
would he removed.

[THE TIMES.]

A Proclamation, or Remonstrance, issued by
the Magistrates of Norfolk, at their adjourned
Quarter Sessions, evinces, we regret to state, the
existence of a disposition to riot in some parts of
that county. The neighbourhood of hiss and
Attleborough, we believe, may be considered as
the districts chiefly disturbed, or tending to dis-
turbance. It is a new era in our history to see
the English agricultural labourer and husband-
man relinquishing their peaceful employments on
account of their not being able to liVe by them,
and driven by want into a breach of the laws.—
Unhappily, there are those among our rulers
whose ears have been so familiarized, even from
youth, to the sounds of " popular commotion,"
" disturbed counties," " civil commotion," &c.,
that, as it was a maxim of the ancient Germans
bellanz, nalla vita"), there was no life
without fighting, these persons may, from habit,
suppose there is no government without rebellion.
Such men will, of course, be leFfs struck than the
English nation in general, by the painful tidings
out of Norfolk. We deeply regret the occur-
rence of the mischief, and hope it will soon ter-
minate. The proclamation is written in a very'
proper mariner. To have told men who are '1
perishing with want, that every thing was as it
should be—that Government was conducted in a
proper manner—would have been insulting
mockery. Not to have explained to them that
the course which they were taking would but
serve to bring down immediate destruction on
themselves, and to increase the evils complained
of, would have been to overlook the violation of
the laws.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
There was some discussion last night in the
House of Commons upon the plan for converting
the Five per Cents. into the New Stock at Four per
Cent. which went more deeply into the principle
of the measure than any previous debate upon
the suLject. It will, we think, be at length
found out that the Public—we do not mean
the proprietors of stock—have no great cause

for congratulation in the success of this scheme.
In private life it Would be considered an act of
egregious-folly-if as man ()Wring money were to
charge ha' estate -With a large. inerease of
debt for thfel,lnirpOse:of'diminishing the pre-
sent burden of -mmual. 'interest. It is pre-
cisely such an act as' a spendthrift would
commit' under- the. immediate impulse of an
inveterate habit of extravagance and the
encouragement of interested money-lenders.
In private life, however; the effect of such
a measure would be single and direct; but
in the complicated financial concerns of this em-
pire it will operate equally upon many various
points, and its ill consequences will be -in the
direct ratio of the numberless instances in which
it must be felt. The increase in the debt has
been noticed—so have the interest and expenses
payable on this increase ; with these may be enu-
merated the forcing of British capital into foreign
countries, the impulse given to foreign trade and
manufactures, and, notwithstanding the dissent of
some of our Statesmen, we cannot - hesitate to
add, the rise in the rest of our Government Stock,
counteracting the effect of the Sinking Fund.—
The Bill was recommitted, and the details of the
measure were discussed in the Committee.

[monNix° POST.]
The state of France is evidently more dii-
turbed than the Parisian Journals are willing to
allow. Even in the metropolis a considerable
degree of agitation continues to prevail, and the
patronage lavished by the Government on the
Missionaries is by no means calculated to conci-
liate the people, or remove the‘causes of discon-
tent. The ground upon which these Missionaries
are so warmly opposed is, that they are attempting
to revive,not purely religious-feelings,but the su-
perstitions of ancient times; and the employment
of the military in their support, instead of lessen-
ing, has evidently widened the breach. There
were fresh disturbances on the 4th inst. at the
churches of St2Eustache and Les Petits Peres.
The Gendarmerie were called to disperse the nu-
merous crowd which surrounded those places,
and the people gave way at the time, but only to
collect anew in, the Place des Victoires, where,
grown more confident in their own strength,
they attacked party of the National Guard
with stones, exclaiming at the same time, " Down
with the Missionaries !" The military were once
more brought against them, and several persons
having been apprehended, we are told the rioters
withdrew, and complete tranquillity was restored.
These tumults, however, are not without danger.
Whatever may have been the cause or the pre-
tence of their origin, the first favourable oppor-
tunity may give them a political character ;
they create, at all events, a habit of restlessness
in the people, which may prepare them for worse
doings ; and after the experience of what has
already paised in France; it is a symptom which
must command attention, even if it should fail to
inspire alarm.—The law for regulating the Liberty
of the Press is likely to experience some altera-
tions and improvements in the Chamber of Peers.
Their Lordships have already restored the epi-
thet of " Constitutional" to the authority of the
King, which had been expunged by the Depu-
ties; so that in order to be an offence, the attack
must be made, not only on the Royal Power, but
on the constitutional authority with which the
Kink is invested. This is an important check
to the growth of arbitrary power, for it leaves-it
exposed to the severity of the Press, and only
protects that part of the. Royal authority which
deserves protection as long as it follows the prin-
ciples and obeys the dictates of the Constitution.

[MORNING HERA LD.]

The recent disturbances at some of the churches

in Paris might lead one, at first view, into a
very false estimate of the temper and feeling
of the peopple of . that capital on the subject of
religion and public decency. It would he at
once revolting and, deplorable to see'religious
worship, abstractedly considered, provoking po-
pular ridicule and outrage. But upon a nearer
view, the wonder is, that the Government
can be so bigotted or weak as to endanger the
peace by lending itself to the Tartufferie
of these Missionary Preachers. In Paris the re-
gular worship of the Gallican Church is the object
of popular respect, like the national worship of any
other Christian country. But the fact is, that
these Missionary preachers are composed of in-
trusive Jesuits, who, under the protection of the
bigotted part of the French Royal Family, have
ousted the regular parish clergy of their func-
tions and their churches, in order to preach dis-
cord, slavery, hypocrisy, and persecution, under
the name of religion. Honest zeal, however mis-
taken, when unintentionally mischievous, deserves
consideration. But if there be any sincerity in
these men, it is the sincerity of mere priestcraft,
which knows so well how to clothe malignant
passions and sordid self-interests in the garb of
religious zeal. " Ces gem," as Moliere says—
" Qui savent ajuster leur zele avec leurs vices."
The Paris Papers contain rather a significant
commentary upon the true character of these
preachers', in the appointment of one of them—
or at least of their patrons, the Abbe Frayssi-
nous, to one of those bishopricks which the See
of Rome takes upon itself to dispose of in hea-
then countries, and which have, we suppose, the
double charm of lucre and sinecure. The See to
which he is appointed is in Egypt. According to
the last accounts, the Missionaries performed their
preathings undisturbed. But this seems to have
been owing to the sabre's of the hens d'arnies, who
were stationed in the churches and in the
vicinity. Since the days of Constantine no
Missionaries have preached to the heathen,
with more comfort and security. The historian
of the fall or Rome says that the Missionaries in
Constantine's time sought and obtained wealth,
power, honours, and revenge. Those of Paris
would, we believe, be very silent and lukewarm,
indeed, if nothing was to be gained by their
labour but the crown of martyrdom.—lt appears
that tranquillity preVails in the Departments of
the South.—But still the vigilance of the military
and civil authorities,' the arrests and searches.
which continue fo take place, and the partial ex-
plosions lately witnessed, induce a belief that a.
train was laid of some danger and extent.
