MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

DEAL, SEPT. 30.—Wind E.—Ceme down from the River
and sailed the Turkish frigate Diana, for the MediterraneLn ;
Fortitude Increased, Manmg, St. Kitt's ; Albion, Burrell,
Leghorn ; Jean, Laws, Seville. Arrived and remain the Blen-
heim, Smith, from Grenada; Reward, Alexander, Bordeaux ;
Amy, Bloomfield, Leghorn.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 30.—Wind S.E.-Arrived the Au-
rora, Young, from Gibraltar. Sailed the Everetta, Stoddart ;
Shannon, Dalrymple; Weldon, Oldfield—all for London ;
and Duncan Forbes, Levie, for llamburgh.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 29.—Wind E.—Arrived the Ebenezer,
Williams, frOm Bilboa for London in 8 days ; Mary Ellen,
Wade, St. Domingo. Off 'the port the Sarah Margaret,
Sheather, Bilboa.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 29.—Wind E.N.E.—Arrived off the
port the Mary, Stranack, from St. Vincent's—siiled the Ist of
August ; Alexander, Ebrington, from Oporto in 13 days ;
Endeavour, from Palermo in 40 days. Arrived the Concord,
Bradford, from Gibraltar—sailed the 19th of August. Sailed
the Shamrock, Williams, for London.

S4EtRNESS, SVT.3O.—The Peter Proctor, Brown, was
got off the Knock yesterday, and has proceeded for London.
The lona re-hung her rudder in Harwich, after having been
on the Shipwash, and does not appear to have received Any fur..
ther damage than unshipping her rudder when she was on the
sand.

The Peter Proctor brig, James Brown, from St. Peters-
burgh, got on the Maplin Sand the 27th of September, and was
got off oh the 29th of September, 1822, by the Fox Revenue
cutter, Lieut. Sirjohn, and two fishing smacks.

FALMOUTH PACKETS.
( From the West Britoil.)

'We learn that it has for some time been under the considera-
tion of Government to transfer the superintendar c: of the packet
establishment at Falmouth from the Post-office to the Admi-
ralty. The first effect of this measure would be, the. appoint-
ment of naval officers as commanders, &c. of the packets, and
consequently, the discharge of the far greater part of the persons
now employed in these vessels; the probable result would be the
removal of the packets from Falmouth to Plymouth —a project
which has long been entertained by persons possessing powerful
parliamentary interest,.' and towards the accomplishment of
which the proposed transfer of the packet establishment is pro-
bably intended to be the first step. When the number of fa-
milies who are dependent on the Falmouth packets for sup-
port, and the amount of the property embarked in these ves-
sels, are considered, it will be readily admitted that the at-
tainment of some important public advantage, a redu ;tion of
expence, or an increased facility of communication—can alone
jusify the adoption of a measure that would inevitably involve
such numbers in absolute ruin. Now, it is abundantly evident
to all who ara even in a moderate degree acquainted with the
subject, that neither of the cases above stated can have
any influence• in suggesting the proposed transfer. The
systc
m on which that establishment is conducted is un-
que: ti inably the most economical of any connected with
the pablic service; as will be instantly seen by comp aring
the expence of the packets with that required for transports
or revenue :cruisers. In fact, the very lowest possible rate
is allowed;. and it is admitted that ,the expedition with
which the foreign mails are forwarded from and to Falmouth
cannot be accelerated, but may be greatly retarded, by the in.
tended alteration. It is now the interest as well as the dry yof
the Captainsof
.packets to complete theii voyages as speedily
as pOissihre`; and -the whole of the officers and crews are of the
first class of Seamen, to whom experience has given an intimate
knowledge of the coasts they frequent, and the particular duties
they 114ve to perform.

DA RINE Ji 01.10ERY.—EDD.IBMIGH, SEPT. 26.—Earls- 01
Tuesday morning the premisesi occupied by 31r. How-Ls-A,
pawnbroker; lead of Dickson's-close, High-street, were en-
tered by four boys, and
.property to a very considerable value
was carried off. It i,s understood that the thieves entered by
a wiiidow above the close, to which they ascended by means of
the lamp .iron and other projections. Having secured their
booty in:acoal-bag, they got out of the house undiscovered about
live o'clock, and were proceeding down the High-street, when
a watchman of- the name of Butler observed a boy carrying
the bag, and suspecting that it was stolen property, he followed
him, and although he attempted to escape, he apprehended him,
together with the bag and its contents. Upon examination
at the Police Ofike, the bag was found to contain—Seven gold
watches-4:10(41.ver ditto,-4 metal ditto-6 silver snuff-boxes-
-3 dozen. silver table spoons-3 dozen and 10 silver tea
spoomi-L3 silver desscrt spoons-11 salt ditto—l:sugar spoon-
-2 silver 'andl; tnetal tody-spoons-16 silver pencil-cases--1 pair
silver spectaCles47 -pair silver sagar-tongs---1 gold necklace-2
gold lockets---4 gold watch-chains-1 silver medal-1 pair silver
soissors-5 silver buckles-43 gold • seals-2 pebble ditto-30
gold brooches-44 gold rings-6 metal ditto-12 pair gold ear-
rings-9 gold watch keys-16 gold split rings-1 silver brooch-
-1 silver seal--2 pair gold-mounted bracelets--with several other
articles of the Course of the morning, other two of
the depredators were apprehended, and although the fourth ha
as yet escaped, yet from the clue which the Police has of his
haunts, licre iS little doubt of his being brought to justice. lie
had earrihir
-oftivitli him a valuable silver watch with gold seals;
and 12 sill: handkerchiefs; but probably afraid that they would
lead to his detection, he concealed them at the Dumble Dykes,
where thq were found the same Morning. Besides the property
carried:off; the thieves wantonly destroyed a good deal more._.
They, had apparently, used- a roll of silk as a .rope to. lower the
goods to the street, it being found twisted, as if put to that
pilrpOe'.' • Fieiri the room being filled with gas in the morn-
ing, it is suppos-:x1 that they had the audacity to light the gas,-
besidcs clothing themselves in new suits, and doing some acts of
nuisance. The ittivity of the police cannot be enough praised,
they hailing secured the greeter part of the stolen property be-
fore the robbery was discovered, as it was not till two or thre
hours after the., thiev .s were apprehended, that it was ascer-
tained that Mt. ll6wden's warehouse had been robbed.

In the Lothians they have now had five' heavy'
crops' of wheat in succession—a circumstance to which the
oldest farmer living scarcely recollects a parallel.—(Edinburgh
Paper. )
(1 •
CAUTIO'S BANKERS ANDvTIIERS.-A few
days since, a young man about 20 years of age,
having the address and exterior of a gentlethan,,
and who represented himself to be a naval offitier,
travelled by the Rocket from London 'to Ports-
mouth in company with a young gentleman of the
same' age, who imagined he had found in the
young officer a gentleman like himself of highly
honourable principles and connexions, and oil
their arrival at Portsmouth, they exchanged cards
.and parted. The next evening, the officer called
en his new friend, who resided in the island, in
which place they spent a few days together,
during which time the pretended officer having
discovered a connexion between his new de-
,sirable companion and the. Bank of Sir Richard
Bassett, and Co. of this town, he requested him
'to go with hiM to the Bank,as he had a bill ()NW.
which he Wanted cashed. On presenting
the Bankers made no hesitation in cashing its
on account of Lti appearance and the company he
was in. ' It is almost .needless to add that the
'bill was discovered to be a forgerli. He left the
Island immediately he had accomplished his
object,'Ort pretext of bringing his sisters from
Portsmouth, and has not since been seen or
heard of. He stated himself to be a Lieutenant
in the East India Company's service, and gave
:his "card of address—Mr. Mears, 120, Greit''
Russell-street, Bedford-row.L-( Hampshire Me.
graph.)

TIIE LONDON JOURNALS.

rATRACTS FROM VIE DAILY MORNING PAPERS,
October 1, 18`2.

[MORNING POST.]
We received by Express last night French
Papers to the 29th ult. They have brought no
further intelligence from Greece, but they con-
tain an article from Vienna, the nature of which
is not a little remarkable, and opens a wide
field for conjecture. It states, that in conse-
quence of dispatches received from Constan-
tinople the affairs of Greece were considered to
be so urgent that the Sovereigns were going to
discuss them immediately in the Austrian capital,
-without waiting for the opening of the Congress
at Verona,and that Lord Strangford was coming
from Turkey to be present at the conferences.
What could produce such a sudden change in
the intentions of the Arbiters of Nations,
with respect to a topic which had till then
been only regarded as of secondary im-
portance ? Had the concessions of Russia
and the support of all the Christian Govern-
ments in Europe so swelled the pride of the
Divan as to induce it to try how far the pusillani-
mity of Monarchs would go, and to threaten war
unless peace were purchased by terms still more
disgraceful than the desertion of a whole Chris-
tian people struggling against slavery and exter-
mination ?—Had the contest in the Morea taken
a decided turn, and ended in the complete ex-
pulsion of the Turks, so as to render the esta-
blishment of Grecian independence so certain, as
to make the Allied Monarchs anxious to share
in the glories of an event which they could no
longer prevent ?—or had the Ottomans really
prevailed, and flame, carnage, and devastation,
proclaimed the strict observance of a Turkish
amnesty, till the weight of blood fell at
last upon the souls of those Princes whose
word might have stopped its flow, and dis-
mayed at the awful consequences of their
unchristian apathy, they determined to put
forth a tardy hand to check the exterminating
sword ? That under such circumstances the at-
tempt would be as useless to the perishing victims
as unredeeming to the fame and consciences of
the Allied Monarchs, can admit of little doubt.
Let us hope, therefore, that Providence has been
more merciful towards them than they have been
towards the Greeks ; and that by giving victory
to the betrayed Moreans, it has prevented• Austria,
who lent her ships, and the other Governments,
who granted their support to the destroyers, from
incurring a degree of guilt so deep, so black, so
unkindred to man, so abhorrent to God, as com-
plicity in the slaughter and extinction of a Chris-
tian people. A few days must now inform us
whether the statements contained in the article
fr.orn Vienna be correct, and perhaps reveal the
reasons which have suddenly made the neglected
cause of Greece, the most urgent and important
object in the deliberations of the assembled
Sovereigns.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The Paris Papers up to Saturday hase been
received. The illoniteur mentions that the King
has been slightly indisposed. There was a time
when, if a King of France only sneezed, it was
considered a matter of serious importance. In
the present state of affairs in France we do not
apprehend any great anxiety in the Ministerial
Prints to excite an alarm for the health of the
King, because his death is looked forward to as
a crisis that may endanger the existing dynasty,
and lead to a new order of things. These Papers
contain a long address from the King of Spain to
the Spanish nation (in yesterday's SUN), in which
he professeS his attachment to the new Consti-
tution, and deprecates the attempts made to
overturn it. They also contain an address from
General 'Mina to the inhabitants of the seventh
military district.—Tlie sentence pronounced
against the four Liberal Journals has been con-
Erma] by the Court of Assizes.

[MORNING lIERAI.D.I
We noticed yesterday the new -baptism of the
French " Sanatory Cordon" into " a Corps of
Observation." It was not without some surprise
that we read the naked and meagre Royal Ordi-
nance, which effects and announces this change
of name—for the following reason. It is but a
short time since the King of France, from his
own lips, told the Chamber of Deputies—and all
Europe,—that the purposes of this Cordon were
solely connected with the safety of the public
health, and that those who regarded it in any
other light—that is, as an army of observation,—
were moved only by bad faith and political
malevolence. After such a solemn declaration
as this, from Royal lips, one cannot help being
somewhat shocked to find the name and pur-
poses thus so earnestly, and even angrily dis-
avowed, formally admitted and sanctioned, with-
out a word of explan'ation, by the same Royal
authority. No one who knows the world will
expect the rulers of nations to be rigorous in
morals ; but still there is something due—nay,
very much due to the word of a King—that King,
too, the descendant of Henry The Fourth. It
may be said that " the King's Speech" is but the
speech of the Ministers. They are doubtless
responsible ; but they should never make the
mouth of the Sovereign the vehicle of falsehood
or imposture. It is an indecent inversion of their
mutual relations to each other. it is their busineis
to lie for the service or convenience of the King,
and not the King's to lie for them.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
Before the Spanish Revolution the Govern-
ment was completely bankrupt ; the King and his
creatures seized at will the public income, which
was chiefly applied to the most infamous purposes,
leaving the public creditor without his in tere4, and
the soldier without his pay. The Vales Reales were
for many years altogether unmarketable. Since
the revolution, the Royal Family, and the crea-
tures of the Royal Family, are not allowed to
swallow up the %Thole of the revenues, though
we regret fo say, the Royal Family still pockets
a great deal too much, no less than three times
as much as the allowance for the administration
of justice. The defenders of the country are no

longer left in a state of destitution, and the
claim of the public creditor is regarded. An
inquiry has taken place into the public debt;
that which belonged to Corporations, which have
been suppressed on grounds of public utility,
and which consequently can no longer be claimed,
is deducted from the debt due to individuals or
to corporations still existing, and for the pay-
ment of the latter the property to which the
nation has succeeded, by the annihilation of these
corporations, is made applicable. The Spanish
Revolutionists have carried Reformation into their
Church, swept away the Ecclesiastical foundations
which were not merely not useful, but positively
injurious to religion, and applied the funds which
supported these noxious establishments to the
relief of the people. They have only done what
almost every other Government, Catholic or Pro-
testant, did before them, applied the portion of
Church Revenue, no longer wanted for the sup-
port of religion, to other public purposes. The
State has a right to determine what institutions
it shall tolerate ; and that determination ought,
of course, to be regulated by a regard for the
general utility. As we have already observed,
the Convents and Monasteries were suppressed be-
cause they necessarily demoralised the nation.—
Surely it will not be contended that the mere pos-
session of property ought to perpetuate the exist-
ence of any body, without regard toits being bene-
ficial or injurious to the community ! If we set
public utility at defiance, there are no lengths to
which we may not go. Property might be de-
vised to an establishment for training recruits for
bands of robbers. Or an anti-populationist,
doubtful of the efficacy of either Mr. MALTHUS'S
moral check or Mr. Place's physical check,
might, in order to provide against the too rapid
increase of our species, devise funds for the per-
petuation of any contagious disease for which he
might take a fancy.

[THE TIMES.]
Those pests of society, the unlawful gambling-
houses, continue to flourish, execrated and un-
disturbed. It is clear that they will be put down
at last; but not by that power to which belongs
the more immediate duty of suppressing them.
They defy the laws ; for the ministers of the laws
have hitherto proved themselves so remiss-or so in-
fatuated, as to connive at, if not directly to en-
courage, the owners of these iniquitous establish-
ments. The cause of their extinction is likely to be
the progress of good sense, just taste, and right
feeling in the community, which in this country
have often outstripped the moral improvements of
the Magistrate, and read a lesson to sluggish law-
givers, which they cannot for shame disregard.
It is indeed absurd to hope, we are afraid, that
the people can look to any source of relief, but
their own intelligence and rectitude of principle,
from this amongst many other visitations. If un-
lawful Gambling-houses are not distinctly up-
held by the Government, the gamester spirit
which supports them is stimulated and strengthened
by authority of law—it is cherished as one of the
sinews of the State, and exalted into a prop of
our financial system. Whoever listens to the
annual oratory of the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, hen he defends that disgrace of
a civilized age, the State Lottery-Ist, as
a source of revenue, and 2d, as a vent to
the passion for gambling, which would seek in-
dulgence through other channels, if the lottery
were relinquished—whoever, we say, has had
the misfortune to hear such sentiments from a
Minister of the Crown, will acknowledge that
the Government must be inconsistent with itself,
if, upon any considerations of mere morality, it
attempted to crush with one hand, a vice which
with the other hand it has so constantly and in-
dustriously promoted. We hardly know with
what countenance Mr. Vansittart, at least, could
enjoin the police to meddle with petty gamblers,
when he himself is the grand patron of the na-
tional gambling-table.

NEW TIMES.]
It is always with pain that we feel ourselves
compelled to censure a respectable Contempo-
rary—but the disgraceful attacks in The Morning
Chronicle of yesterday on the French Govern-
ment, and the infamous personalities levelled
against two honourable individuals ranking high
in the administration of the French law, call
aloud for the indignant reprobation of every
man of honour and integrity. We presume
the Editor will shelter himself under the plea,
that these atrocious libels were not his own writ-
ing, but that of a Parisian Correspondent ; but
though some latitude is certainly to be allowed
on this account, yet the plea is not sufficient to
justify such glaring violations of every thing
like justice and decency. We shall -state the
facts : and leave it to every candid mind to de-
termine, whether the article in question is not to
be ranked among the worst excesses of a licen-
tious Press. It is matter of notoriety, that in
several distant parts of France there burst out,
nearly at the same moment, several treasonable
insurrections, under the accursed symbol of
rebellion and regicide—the tricolor flag. It
is unquestionable, that if the traitors had
succeeded, the Monarchy and the Charter would
have been alike overthrown, the Monarch and
Royal Family massacred, France once more
deluged with blood, and Europe once more de-
solated by revolutionary war.—Almighty God,
in his , goodness, frustrated the designs of the
traitors ; several of them were arrested and
brought to trial, and four of them were condemned.
Of their guilt not even impudence itself affects to
doubt ; and the utmost that is pretended, even by
the Correspondent of The Morning Chronicle, is
that there was some technical defect in the legal
proof of the overt act. The Judges and Jury,
however, decided that there was no such defect;
the legal conviction went along with the moral
certainty of guilt, and never was sentence more
rightfully passed, or more properly executed.
The four unhappy men suffered as justly, and for
the very same crime, as ThiStlewood, I ngs, and
their wretched associates. Nt vertheless a letter
appears in The Morning Chronicle, assert-
ing, that " in this case the forms and prin-
ciples of law and justice have been monstrously
violated ;" that their execution was " a judicial
crime"—" a murder"—" a judicial assassinatign"

—thai it was not a punishment, but " a mere
political measure of terror, a Coup d'Etat, a mas-
sacre !" What, we ask, can have been the motive
for these false and detestably wicked assertions,
but to stir up among the French hatred against ,
their King and of his Government, to excite new
rebellions, and to cause future civil war ?—The
personal attacks on the King's Attorneys General
at Paris and Poitiers are, in their way, quite
as wicked, and their object is as little to be
mistaken. These eminent persons are accused of
having shewn 64 a fury outrageously indecent "
of having evinced " the passion and exultation
of a cannibal savage"—of having presented an
"atrocious and disgusting exam ple of illegality and
ferocity." It is asserted that their 66 names will
ever excite just horror "—and they are reckoned
with others under the scandalous designation of

cc purveyors of massacre," against whom will be
excited in France " abhorrence and vindictive
sentiments." This base and cowardly mode of
marking out individuals for the dagger of the
assassin will excite in every honourable mind a
detestation of its author, which nothing that we
say can possibly exaggerate or inflame.
