DISCO'VgRY.OF INDIAN GRAVES.

( From thr New York Advertiser.)
Some time since we had an account in the
Papers of numerous graves discovered on, the
Merameg' River, not far from St. Louis, which
were suppoted to furnish pretty conchAive
debee'that abtace of men had once existed tMtre
of a most diminutive stature. The following is
an extract from Mr. JAMES'S Workrretating to

this subject:—
" Indian graves are extremely numerous about St. Louis,
though none are found In the immediate vicinity of the town.
They are most frequent or the hills about the Mentraeg, and
on the north side of the Miwturi. On the 12th of June, Mr.
Say and Mr. Peel, accompanied by one man, descended the
Mississippi, in a small boat,. to the mouth of the Merameg,
and ascended the latter river about Mien miles, to a place
*here a greet number of graves have been explored, and
have been represented to contain• the 'bones of a diminutive
race of men. Most. of these graves are found near the banks
of the Merameg. They do not rise above the general surface,
but their presence is ascertained by the vertical stones which en-
close them, and project a little at either end of thegrave. When
the included earth, and the numerous horizontal flat stones are
removed, we find the sides. neatly-constructed of long flat stones,
vertically' implanted and adapted to each other, edge to edge,
so as to form a continuous wall. The grairei are usually three
or feet, though sometimes six feet in length. The bones they
contained appeared to have been deposited after having been
separated from the flesh, and from each other, according to the
custom of some tribes of Indiansat the present day.
" In the first grave opened by Mr. Say were found the frag-
ments of an confirm pot, and the bones of an infantile skull;
the second contained what appeared to be the remains of amid-
dle-aged man of the ordinary stature, laid at full length ; the
bones much broken and confused. An inhabitant residing here
inforkned them that many similar graves had been found among
the summits of mostof the neighbouring hills. In one orthcse
he had found two pieees of earthernwere, one having nearly the
form of a porter bottle, the other, with a wide mouth ; but this
grave contained no bones.
" After Speeding a night at this place, they crossed the river
to the town of billiput (one of the projected towns here has re-
ceived this name), the place so often mentioned as the locality
of the bones of a piginy race. Appearances here are in general
Similar to those already described. One head that had been
dug up 'was Chat of an old person, in whom the teeth had been
lowed, and the alveolie obliterated, 'leaving the sharp edge
of the jaw-bone. Prom this the neighbouring settlers, hadin-
ferred theekistenee of a rare of men without teeth, hitting their
jaws like those of the turtle."
TheSe Gentleinen were satisfied, from the
servation they made, that theSe bones, instead of
proving the existence of a race of° pigmies at;setne
very distant period, were only the remains of
" men of the ordinary 'size ;" and that the date of
their deposit is much more recent then that of
the Ancient mounds of earth, so frequent itt that
portion of the country.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE:
d THE Rol3llEleii OF THE EXETER COACH.

, Information has been given at the MANSION-II otJa of en
atternpfbit ii Man of tuapicious appearance to'peas one of the
notes of the banking-house of.Taylor.ajo. Lloyd, Birmingham,
to the aniount of tetWeen seven and eight thousand
pounds, were stolen out of' thettioseter Subscription Coach in
the yard Of the Swan-with-two-Necks, Lad-lane. He offered
it at the shop • 'of Messrs. DOnovaivatk Company, dealers in
Irish linen, Bloomshuiy-square. The note was detained for
the purpose of making fitrther inquiry, anti the man with a
companion who joined him on his Val was followed by theshop-
'Man' of lifetiirs:, ridnovan tb a putlle-house in Charles-street,
Oxford-sfreet,, where he left them, and hastened hume.--4
'lt litiVing been asteriained in the mean time that the note
ryas one of those stolen, an officer was sent with the shopinair'
for the purpose of apprehending the two persons who were thus
communicating together. The defendant however was the Only
person found, for the stranger who tendero the note had, as
WieniaiVfterViards learned,' hift the-house JuSt before. It was
aftertyardaaleAttitineti that the.address given by the purchaser
Who latittieipeti 'wag Actitious. •
Theil.,9llp,M.s.vpu then.calledupoh the defendant, lvho at-
tended yesterday at the Mansion-House, to explain the eirpum-
:stitre of his having waited for and being found in ceintsthy With
the man who had acted in so conspicuous a manner with respect
to 04 itolen.notei

The defendant declared that be was quite ignorant of the_
ftiblect'jitst treated of; all he knew was, ihin the man they ;
talked :aping was a very reafectidde roan with whom he hut,
berg iirieti fora pony; and WhOm he had appointed to meet at the
peblie,liouaeint.),±fotrdt-atreet..:He knew nothing about the note.
Mr. Ilobler—As you know this man to
.be respectable, of
course you know Where lie lives and: what he is. . •
The defendant—No, I don't ; he appeared very respectable.
Here the Loan 31,tvoit and. Mr. lionmen., consulted; and
in the meantirrie ' the defendant :Spontaneousl y said, " Some
neje* beret palsell threegh iny hands that.werepaid to hie by a
reslieetti4l6 pub fcaii in t arbican. It is sat that they are
stokn,.and they refuse to pay nin did atimUnt. Bu ril set the
matter at rest by suing for the amount."
Thel, bditaxlll# von put.the note into the 'Afershal's custody,'
'and permitted the defendant to leave the Justice-roem.
Mant.riertohntt STREET.— ifrilliam Clarke wai yesterday
'placed at the har, before Mr. Ito, the magistrate et this office,
,charged on inipicion With haVing committed the fpllowing cruel
and unfeeling robbeiyi—john Oath orp, the son of a respectable
ifarmerreshling near Sexotundhani, io Suffolk, end who haelived
• in tliatieririce of aeVerat noblemen,, and afterwards kept a public-
house in Clareetirirket, iron) which he tettrettenme tirnb ago; and
went to live hear his father, stated, that on Wednesday afternoon
last he came to .town Upon Seine buiditeas, and went to sleep for
that night to a lodging,houeet Queen-street, Seyen phtlii. kept ,
by a man • minted 'Begin. lie 'WAS ithistvn into "a bed-room
,by liiiiiself, in ,Ar4ish he , was locked
,up by ,ffie „landlord,
according to hit Ustiiii practice towards strangers, lest they
shoultlidecamp!in the,!ipprning Without recollecting to pay for
their beds. Breit the complainant slept very' soundly until
nine o'clock yesterday morning,-Whin,, on getting out of bed,
lie found his room door open, Fa ' d his coat, Waistcoat, panta-
loons,-hat, Shoed, and sfeckin ' together with' fifteen so-
vereigns, seventeen shillings n silver, end, a quack on the.
banking-house of ~'lfessrs. Child' and CO.' 114 .601. (which for-
tunajtelYllglFM, iiii snot, payable for:a, fortnight); had been,
carried oh'. Upon inquiry being Made of Hogan, the land-
lohl, he immediately said. that .the robbery could only have.
been committed by one of two persons.. The prisoner at
the bar; and an Irish firieklayer, bah' of whom were regu-
lar lodgers in the house, and not being locked in, a all,
other:(4leie',,' were the Only persona who could gain access'
• to, the comlainant's, ontii.idoor. Andi: as. for the bricklayer,
Regan said, ' that 'he had such an opinion of his honesty, that
he would .I,lst him with natal ' gold.; but what made the
suspicion much stronger against the 'prisoner wes,,,as thehrick,
. layer stated, both Of Itio slept in the'stune roont, that sheet
six o'elOek no that morning, he "saw the prisoner tot -, up and ,
leave the ninth, and4iSiifferwarila hetird ramie perion go nut of
'the house. The prisqee,' was aktliqpi ahoet an; hen; and a half,
and then retained; when lid again went into heti, so that when
the alarm was given he was .fotinti,:appirently aiietp, Mr.
Rot now asked the prisoner to account for the time that he
was abient.. which:he attempted to de in it eery unsatisfactory
Manner. He said, thit lief went out to take a walk. but when ,
he' gat sortie &tante, he • tonna it begin to tarn and' agliin re- '
turned to bed. Me, A9a said, that 010 wail
.it,yerjt
.itiortstate-
inient, and remandtd'thiPriatuteribi• it future examination.
The coil pleitainP -sPPPareil. at 010 Oka in a most pitiable
plight, having no other dress on than his' shirt, a pair of thin
hotwers, awl. a--pair of alipperai and wrapiJed :upin a hbrinwed
ackney-coachman's box-coat. He had no bat, nor a farthing ,
'of money left tabu yon 4,, ~ .
I The parties who gays such positive testimony, as ;far as Alt-
. Seriiiiii; without being swern, 'etin he craned so, agaiiiit the boy
k'therles,Ney, wbe-wm . charged some days, ago with having
frandulently obtained two bonnetS from the shop of a Mr.
, *ris,
.in whose seriicehe been, came to the office to read their
ecantatioh, and as positively assert the lad's innocence .as they
~ *fore did his guilt. They have now discovered that the bonnet's,
I,iiclx, had been recoeered, hack been sent, by another bury,
liileff them'at. is winneplice. - This- .shewi how jest Sir G.
. Ferrants opinion was at the titne, as te the strength
en of the
i alibi stated, and ready to be sworn to by the lad's parts.

C A 1) 1 Z.

The following interesting letter, was yester-
day laid before the Spanish Committee, accom-
panied with a very accurate plan. The writer is,
we understand, a superior officer attached to the
Spanish Constitutional, Staff; and perfectly con-
'Orsant with the present situation of the Penin-
sula:—

TO TILE C!IXTEXAN AND kEjilIJEitS Or, ,TIDE 81)A111911

COI4I.IIITTEF.

MY LOUDS AND GENTLEMEN—The 'patriotic and gene-
rous ekertioiris of the people of Tolland, of whom you are con-
stituted the representatives anti stewards, in behalf of the cause
of Spanish liberty and independence, have tnostlitistly entitled
you to the warmest thanks of her patriotic. sons ; who will ever
remember, with sentiments of the purest gratitude, the muni:
tieent aisisance they have thur4s Most opportunely received under

your directions.
The unjust and unexampled right of intervention assumed
by the French Government in the afiltirs of that country, have
trete? been 'palliated even by those to whom it owes its ori-
gin and the freemen of all nations have viewed with horror
and indignation this arbitrary and denationalizing abuse of
power.
Spain, exhausted by the war of independence, held by the
iron hand of despotism, six years in A state of inertion, awoke
from her lethargy, and protected by the Genius of Liberty, re-
covered that Constitution, under whose shield, assisted by Bri-
tish heroes, she had defeated the armies of Buonaparte, and;
warmed by her benign influence, prosperity animated all the
sources of national felicity.

To detail the innumerable benefits she been to experience
is superfluous : it would be but to describe the advantages 'you
enjoy under a representative system of government ; let it suf-
fice to say she was rapidly recovering from the pressure of ages
of tyranny and superstition, and advancing towards Wealth,
power, and honour ,• until the venom of civil discord, inaidiOusly
infused by the hands Qf envy, despotism, and fanaticism, check-
ed her prosperity, and neutralized all the effbrts of legislation.
Although foreign intrigues had divided the .Liberals, and the
people, under the sacred name of religion, were excited to open
rebellion,. the Op of Spsin's misfortune's was not yet full ; her
ruin was incomplete while a spark of liberty remained ; and
French armies, ,without-any declaration or cause for war, deso-
lated her territory, drove the Sovereign anti Government from
the capital, raised the standard of rebellion, confiscated pro.
perty, and assassinated her people,—under the name of friend-
ship, and the plea of overturning a Constitution recognised by
the majority of the Sovereigns of Europe.

Spain was then unprovided with the means of successful re-
sistance • but as it was a War, not of expediency, but of- na.
hone' independence and ,political, existence, the Government
and..Cortft, relying upon the ability of her Generals, the pa-
triotism of -the instructed portion of tier' population, and the
jusirce of her, cause, nobly preferred a disadvantageous war to
ignominy and slavery; • - 1
The French Government, when it demanded the surrender
of Spanish rights and liberties relied not so much on the
force of her arms as .on a nefarious system of bribery and
treattbn, which she knew would paralyse the efforts of the
Conittitutionalists.- To this secret- and tletrctuctive influence
is to be chiefly attributed the train of Misfortunes which
have rapidly succeeded each other in the short course of
this disastrous war, and Conducted the French army from
the Pyrenees to the lines they now occupy. The position
of Cadiz, in a political, commercial, medullae, and military
view, has caused it, to be conititleted, as one of the most im-
portant of Europe : it being the a:redid of the Constitution in
11112 ; the se.ene,or.its reguneintion in 1319; and the bulwark
of national liberty and independence' are circumstances that
powerfully evince the justice of its clailw to politleal Conic-
quence ; While the magnaninilty of the Constitutional Govern-
ment, under its present misithrtunes, nine interest in the cause
all who are advocates for the rights of nations and individual
freedom.
Its situation On the south-western extremity" of the Conti-
nent. of Europe is admirably calculated. for the purposes of
cominercial intercourse, as well between the northern and
southern nationa of this hemisphere, .as the rising American
tttt;aotl
climate,if evernodsiudeetTalritruirrilsoPueer. tnt:iiiiits geegra ph had po-
sition,perhaps be found to
combine more mercantile advantages than any other city in the
world. AS a depot between Spain and her Colonies for a long
:period of years, its trade, bath in iniparts. and. exports, almomt
exceeded belief. 'When, in 11120-21, it petitioned to be declared '
a free port, . the cities of the Peninsula said, " the natural
and ...other . rtiources.-of Cadiz -are tailliciently pre-eminent;
if On protect- her, she -will absorb the whole commerce of
the , country." As more imniediately conm:eted with the
mercantile interests of Great Britain, it is of the highest im-
portance. ;The poeteasion. of Gibraluir would cease to be of
.
value if Cadiz were pecunied by 'France; her Manufactures
would inundate the southern provinces of Spain and the Western
Wokkl, in exchange for.the monopoly of the rich products of
, Andalusia; nd America; and should the capture of Centa fol-
.low;,to which France can, allegean equal right, " front Consti-
tutioaal opposition," the ilediterrancan Trade would no *ger
be Ihitish ; her chain of commercial depot.—Gibraltar, Malta,
and the logien Isles would be intercepted, and at the nwrcy , of
Franco. What guarantee can France give which can fairly
be deemed to counterbalance the atlainment of such immense
'advantages?, . . .
A iptiClOtts and secure harbour, A large and well-constructed
arsenal, a central point, to Which the fleets' of 'France can fly
for safety and xttecour between her Atlantic anti Mediterranean
ports,,andptence, sail almost with impunity., either.. to the Eng.
or Wind Indies', of to aid her 1;.• i am...outi rOjeCts in, South Ante.
rice, are facts tlint'sluni its incalculable nit:triadic impertatice,
as well to England:and France,• as to Spain : but should any
doubt rem3in, the events of the late war, . in which Frame ge-
nerally concentrated her naval force in CatilZ and compelled
the English fleets to ,sustain fatigning, expensive, destruttNe,
and not always successful blockades, will establish it beyond
contradiction.
Ali a military positiOn, surittunded un three sides by the sea
and rocky shoals,. .and by a broad and deep river, with' eaten-
sive salt marshes, pn the fourth, protected by numerous out:
Works and strong pertniingnt fortifications, tt may be mai-
tiered 'as' unassailable by any poWer which dOes not *mast
a decisive maritime superiority, whilat. int Insulated titan-
tion renders success by blockat e and famine exceedingly im-
probable.
The topographical and military plan enclosed conveys an ex-
.act idea of its defence, and of the positions of the Spanish and
French erodes t,antl it has been drawn not only to dernonatrate
the strength and. importance of the Gatlitanian Island, but to
enable the Peirple et Eegland to trace progreasively the events
,
of this_portentoun siege.
Permit me, my ,liarda and Gentlemen, to rennest your ac,
ceptance of a ter copies pt this plan, delineated from pertynal
knoiledge ofeVery point to which it relates; and whilst-I apo-
logize.for having occupied so much of yot* Atte; allaw same to
eairriryeesiiidan cc of'
impress
nn
your, min s . that, however much treachery his
the
werdtgneti the Constitutional files of Spain, the povernment and
fiLertshihwavheotreafitedat:rtatpornotrasolcldtedgratecititteidosf tilite
tcloir:pe1111:1:1t.htlo''
thaacrtetr posatt4 illatillirgai44.ll7:ll.useat,„tilbahneetnanalrit:ft:tailtr‘iin°Prtihpiet::ntlinbnynst
ute
1
r:ritfotrwes6t :tinelie:
vannrerrte(nyt,lebt;uitt. wfriollinnotobtere frees:llia
sinews of war. .
I have the honour to be, rill..Lorda and Gentlemen,
With the greatest resri Yinir Meet'Obetlient servant,
0,4 a: tn. itomNsomi
Lieu tep ant-Colonel„. Deputy Adjutant-General,
London, Ott, 9, r 023. Spanish Stair CorpS.

mArt., coley AsonENT.—The delivery of the
letters hoot the Post Office, yestereay morning,
waalater than usual, owing; to an accident Itvhico.
h
happened in the Pook Mull, nit its way to ow
In cooseveuce of some obstruction which it en
countered it was overthrown, and a. Lady, who
wasen'34l6.lde "sseljgre'erd'. unidahethforrttmn9eiri
were both' severely inu had her
thigh broken, and the latter a limb fractured.

C 0 P Y If 0 L S.

It is curious that the only traces that. we have
n the Saxon Chronicle of copyhold tenures (Jur-
Og the Saxon era should have reference to lau4s

hoiden of the church, and be traceable to monkish
interpolations of Norman date. 44 A. D. 775.
This year Cynewulf and Offa fought near Bco-
sington, and Offs took possession of the town.
In the days of this King, Olfa, there was an Ab-
bot at Mehamsted, called 'Norma, who, with the
consent of all the monks of the minster, let to
farm, to Alderman Cuthbert, ten copyhold lands
at Swineshead, with leasow and with mt:adow,
and with all the appurtenances ; provided that
the said Cuthbert gave the said Abbot 50 pounds
therefore, and each year entertainment for one
night, or thirty, shillings in money prOVided
also that after his decease the said lands &mid
revert to the monastery. The King, OtTh,
and King Everth, and Archbishop Hibbert,
and Bishop . Inwona, and Abbot.Beonna, and
many other Bishops and Abbots, and''rich
men, were witnesses to this. In the days of the
same Offs wasan Alderman of the name of Brorda,
who requested the King for his sake to free
his own monastery, culled Working, because he
would give it to Mehamsted and St. Peter, and
the Abbot that then was, whose name was Pusa.
Pusa succeeded Ileonnu, and the King lovtol him
much. And the King freed the monastery of Wok-
ing, against Kiiig,against Bishop, against, Earl, and
against all men ; so that no man should have any
claim there, except St. Peter and the Abbot. This
was done at the King's tow n cal ledFree-Richburn.
[Frieston, or Friston,in Lincolnshire. 1" Rela-
tive to this Species of tenure, so little congenial
with the original spirit of the Saxon institutions,
We have another interpolated passage Limier the
date A.D. WI 44 About this time Abbot Ceol-
red, of Mehamsted, with the concurrence of the
monks, let to hand the land,of Sempringhatn, to
Wulfred, with the provision that after the de-
mise the said land should revert to the monas-
tery ; that Wolfred should give the land of tiles-
ford to Mehamsted, and should send each year
into the monastery sixty hrads of wood, twelve

loads of coal, six loads of peat, two tuns full of
fine ale, two netts' carcases, six hundred loaves,
and ten kilderkins of Welsh. ale ; one horse also
each year, and thirty shillings, and one night's
entertainment. This agreement was made in the
presence of King Burhred, Archbishop Ceoluoth,
Bishops Tunbert, Kenred, A ldhun,and Bertred ;
Abbots Witred and Wertherd, Aldermen Ethel-
herd and Humbert, and many others."

AODRESSrD TO A LADY.—Why is gardener
the most extraordinary man in the world I—Be-
cause no man has more business upon earth, and
always chooses good grounds for what he does,
he commands his th,yme, is master of the mint,
and fingers pen4-royal ; he raises his celery every
year, and it is it hard year indeed that does not
produce a plum. He meets with snore bows then
a Minister of State, and makes more, beds than
the French King, and has in them more painted
ladies, and more genuine roses and lilies, than are
to be found at a country wake. He makes raking
his business snore than his diversion, as many
other tine gentlemen do, hut he makes it an ad-
vantage to his health and fortune. He can boast
of more rapes than any other rake in the king-
dom ; Lis wife, notwithstanding has, enough of
lad's love and heart's-ease, and never wishes for
weeds. Distempers fatal to others never hurt
him : he walks the better for the graveloind
thrives most in consumption; lie can boast of more
bleeding hearts -than your Ladyship, and more
laurels, if possible, than the Duke of Wellington ;
but his greatest pride and the world's envy is, he
can have ,era whenever he pleases.

FATAL AconEser.— On Tuesday morning last,
the wife of a respectable tradesmun'residing at
Hammersmith, of the name of Samuel Winslow,
the mother of six children, was entreated by one
of her boys, a child under five years of age, to be
allowed a fire in an upper room, fOr himself and,
brothers and sisters to play together. The mother
complied with his request, and lighted titre ne.
cordingly in :a room upon the first floor, She had
quitted the room but a few minutes, and iris
engaged dressing an infant in arms, when the boy,
who hud set his clothes on fire lighting some pa-
per, presented himself to her en the stairs enve-
loped in flames. She rushed to his assistance, and
out of her arms dropped the infant, which MI to
the► ground with much violence, and remained for
a few moments apparently lifeless. She however
picked it up again immediately, anti clasping the
burning boy to her in the endeavour to extinguish
the flames, set herself and also her infant on lire.
The poor woman, as she now herself relates,
deeming the destrection of herself and children
inevitable, aud,in a state bordering on insanity,
exclaimed, 1.4 Good Laird, thy will he done ;
we shall perish together!" and immediately
tainted away. Most providentially, at this
terrible crisis, some of the neighbours
tered the house, and found the three help-
less vict►ms in the situation above described,
their cloaths still burning. Having put out the
flames, and recovered the unfortunate mother,
surgical aid was promptly obtained, and the un-
happy sufferers received every attention which
skill and the best feelings could suggest. The
only victim of this dreadful calamity is the inno-
cent originator of it. The mischief he sustained
was beyond the, reach of human skill to avert.
After languishing the whole of the day and night
in the most excruciating pain, the poor boy ex-
pired on Wednesday morning.

:~~,,
r !
