NEW EDITIONS OF MR. MOORE'S WORKS.

This Day were published' -
1. pisTLEs, ODES, and other POEMS --
J The Fourth Edition, in 2 volumes, foolscap Br°.
price 14s. in boards.
Drum, in 4to. price 11. I Ist' 611. in boards.
2. ODES of ANACREON, translated into English Verse.
The Ninth Edition. in 2 volumes, foolscap Svo. price,l4s. in
boards.
DITTO, printed on large paper, price 18s. in boards.
3. THE POETICAL WORKS of the late THOMAS
LITTLE, Esq. Thirteenth Edition, price 7s. in boards.
4. ,MRUPTION and INTOLERANCE. Tw • Poems,
with Notes, addressed to an Englisimaan. By An :list:math
The Second Edition, price 2s. 6d.
5. THE SCEPTIC: a Philosophical Satire. Price Is. 6d.
6. A LETTER to the ROMAN CATHOLICS of IRE-
LAND. Price 2s. .
- Printed for James Carpenter, Old Bond-street.

This Day was published,

In Two Volumes, Foolscap Bvo. Second Edition, price 12s. in
boards,

ADDRFSS.to n YOUNG LADY on her EN-
TRANCE into the WORLD.
Printed for James Carpenter,-Old Bond-street; and Joseph
Booker, New Bond-street.
Of whom may he had,

1. A COLLECTION ENIGNI AS, CHARADES, TRANS-
POSITIONS, &c. A New Edition, price 4s. in boards.
2. An ESSAY on LIGHT RENDING, as it may be sup-
posed to influence Moral Conduct arid Literary Taste. 13y
the Rev. Edward Manitin, M.A. Price ss. tid. in boards.

• SIR SA.MI..I:',L ROMILLY.
This Day was irtlblislied, price 4c. Cd.
A" MILO:4MM on Sir SAMUEL 110-
LLY, pronounced at tne Royal At henxent of Paris,
by M. BENJAMIN DE CONSTANT.
Edited by Sir 'l'. C. MORGAN.
Printed for Henry, Colburn, Conduit-street.

ANCIENT GREECE.
This Day were published,
In 12rno. price 7s. h a copious Index,
71SSAYS on the iNsTauTIONS,GOVERN-
-111 MENT, and MANNERS of the STATES of ANCIENT
GREECE.

By HENRY DAVID HILL, D.D.
Professor of Greek in the Unirersi'ty,of St. Andrew's.
London : Printed fur Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, Pater-
noster-row.-

ARMSTRONG ON PUERPERAL FEVER.
This Day were published,
In-Bvo. price Bs. the Second Edition, enlarged,

FACTS and OBSERVATIONS relative to the
FEVER ca!led PUERPERAL.
By JOHN ARMSTRONG, M. I)..
Author of Practical Illustrations of Scarlet Fever, Measles,
and Pulmonary Consumption ; and Practical Illustrations
of Typhus Fever.
London : Printed for Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, Pater-
noster-row.

This Day was published,

lu Bro. Vol. Ist, price 12s. 6ti. to be completed in Three
Volumes,

SYSTEM of PATHOLOGICAL and OPE-
RATIVE SURGERY, fouilded on ANATOMY; inns-
trate.l by Drawings of Diseased Structure, and Plans of
Operation.

By ROBERT ALLAN,
Fellow of the Royal Coßeges of Surgeons of London and
Edinburgh, Surgeon to the Royal Public Dispensary
for the City and County of Edinburgh, and
Lecturer of Surgery.
London Printed for Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, Pater-
noster-row; and J. Thompson, and Co. Edinburgh.

We are requested to inform our Readers, that
Messrs. Coopaa and Co. Surgeons, of Cljarlorte-
HOuse, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road,
have, in consequence of their exten,,ive practice,
ane- for the accommodation of patients at the
West-end of the town, established a Medical
,Board in IVoodstoeii-street, Oxford-street, a few
doors from Bond-street, where a Physician of 40
years' experience, and a Surgeon of great emi-
nence, reside, and where all. the Board alternately
attend, the whole of whom are Members of the
Royal Colleges—that thousands have been restor-
ed to perfect health by their united talents is uni•
yersally acknowledged, many of whom bad been
discharged trom Hospitals, and otherwise i►npro-
perly treated.—They are consulted at Woodstock-
House, Woodstock-street, from Eight in the
morning until Eight at night ; and at the Medical
Board, Charlotte-House, Blackfriars-road, frOon
Twelve till Eight in the evening.—Mechanics
have advice gratis every evening from Six till
Eight, at both houses, and on Sunday mornings
until Twelve o'clock.—N.B. Messrs. COOPER
and Co. beg. to observe they have no connection
.wit:a any other concern, theretors all letters are
to<• be directed to Charlotte•llouse, adjoining
Blackfriars-roach

The following Letter has been received by Mr.
Hunt, in reply to his complaints laid before his
Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief, against
certain Officers of the 7th Hussars
Horse-Guards, January 27, 1819.

Slot,—l have the Commander-iri=Chief's commands to ac-
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, with
its enclosures, regarding the transaction stated to have oc-
curred i:, t' e Manchester Theatre ; and as you therein state
that the .7)!Eicets of the 7th Hussars, with others said to be
concerned in that proceeding, are to be immediately prose-
cuted in the Courts of Law, his Royal. Highness desires I will
acquaint you with his opinion, that it' would show a want of
deference tO those laws if he were to anticipate their decision
by any military investigation or notice of the offences alleged
against the Officers alluded to.
Under these circumstances, his Royal Highness will leave
the laws to take their course; and he is always ready to concur
in the propriety of those under his command being made
amenable to the just exercise of them.
I remain, Sir, your most obedient humble Servant,
To H. Hunt, Esq. Manchester. H. TOR RENS .—(/bid.)

PRU VI Nci AL JOURNALS. -

If the following recital of an atrocious transac-
tion, taken front THE LIMERICK CHRONICLE of
the 27th tat. doeS not awaken the PROTESTANT
PRIESTHOOD, and rouse Our PROTRSTANT LAITY
to a dere' mined resistance to the Claims of Roman
Catholics to share in Legislative iPower, while
t hey enjoy unlimited toleration in Religious Wor-
ship, our Constitution will he annihilated, and
we shall again sink into all the "horrors of Popish
bigotry, despotism, and slavery, and beCome the
most despicable people on earth, having; so long
possessed the best system of Government in Church
and State ever devised, yet suffering it be wrested
from ns by those whose Progenitors once tyran-
nized over the Country, told whose yoke was
broken by the vigorous artnof our PROTESTANT
ANCESTORS.

" The following, with its accompanying notes,
have been sent us for insertion by a highly re-
spectable Gentleman, whose veracity cannot be
questioned—however. as it has been invariably
the usuage- of The Limerick Chronicle to act wits►
strict impartiality, and a:determination to inter-
fere only with articles -on religious subjects as
they may be sent, indisputably authenticated, we
have only to say, that it any contradiction, in
the slightest degree, can be made to the facts
(which the Proprietors are totally ignorant ot),
it shall find. publicity through the medium of our
columns •:--- -

" It is with feelings of the most sincere and
heartfelt concern that we this day corur►ntnicate
to the public the particulars of a most disgraceful
outrage which occurred on Sunday At the flit:end
of the late Mr. John Herbert, of this ciry. In.
detailing the circumstances of this transaction-,
we entirely disclaim an feelings of a private or
a partial nature, convinced as we. are that the
detail must reflect disgrace upon the country in
which we live—we should gladly endeavour to
bury the subject in ►►blivion, were we not sensible
that in bringing the case before the public we
submit it to a tribunal whose severe and impar-
tial judgment is calculated to exercise a most sa-
lutary controol nor only over the conduct of in-
dividuals, but ofsociety at large.

" The late Mr. John Herbert, who was edu-
cated in the Roman Catholic Religion, some years
since conformed to the Established Church, and
continued an attached Member of it to the period
of his decease; during his last illness, v hich was
protracted for many months, he was constantly
visited by two Clergymen of the religion which he
had chosen, and in his last =moments he fully
'evinced btl, the sincerity of the motives which
had influenced him, and his determination to con-
tinue stedfast 'unto the end. The period of- his
sufferings, however, approached, and on Friday
se'nnight he died. Navin,' directed that he should
be buried at Fedamore, the burial place of his fa-
mily, one of the Clergymen who bad attended
him during his illness, anxious to spew this mark
of respect for his memory, was about to step into,
a curiae,* in order to attend • him to the grave,
when it was intimated to him that by so doing he
would incur the most imminent danger, as a plot
bad been formed to assassinate him : deterred by this

alarming intelligence, he was reluctantly"Obliged-
to relinquish his invention, and the funeral pro-
ceeded, to the Chtircb-yard of Fedirenore, where'
the Clergyman of the parish was ready to receive
it. The corpse, however, had scarcely been taken
from the hearse when it was forcibly seized by a
party of the persons who bad assembled, and, in-
stead of being borne into the Church-yard, was
dragged across a ditch into a potatoe field, and•
thrown upon the ground, with every mark of op-
probrium and reproach. The friends of the de-
ceased, after sun:c time, succeeded in bearing it to
the grave, and the Clergyman had just commenced
the solemn office of the burial of the dead when
a man stepped forward, proclaiming aloud, with
oaths and imprecations, that the deceased never
should be buried in any other manner than that
'in which his ancestors had been buried—in this
outcry he was joined by numbers of those'who
were present, and the, Clergymarr.Was obliged to
desist from •the attempt. The clamour, how-
ever, having in some measure subsided, anti the
family of the deceased having surrounded the
grave, the service was again resumed, when the
Clergyman was seized by the collar, the prayer-
book dashed from his hand upon the ground, and
every term of reproach which malice could in-
vent, or the most diabolical ingenuity suggest,
was prodigally lavished both upon his office as a•
Clergyman of the Established Church and the re-
ligion to which he belonged. The corpse was at
length committed to the grave, and the numerous
actors in this shameful outrage, atter some time
had elapsed, dispersed. Having thus given a
correct outline of an occurrence which we know
not bow to atigmatize by a term of sufficiently
heavy reproach, we consider it to be unnecessary •
to offer any observation upon the motives which
dictated it, or the bigoted intolerance which car-
ried it into effect. We shall not attribute it to-
the anathemas* which were pronounced both
against. the deceased and against his Family, nor
shall we connect it with the exemplary and pious
zeal 1-, which almost' in the last moment of his
existence burst into' the sanctuary of a dying
man's apartment, to reclaim, or to insult, or to
disturb him—our object and our determination is
to-bring intolerance to the bar of public opinion
—and, convinced that the authors and the agents
in this disgusting outrage will meet that general
execration which they merit, we consign them to
that sentence of indelible ignominy which will al-
ways attend them."
