DR. COURTENAY'S NEW WORK.

This Day was published, price 4s.
AN HISIORICAL and PRACTICAL
TREATISE on SYPHILIS, Gonorrhea, Gleets,
Seminal Weakness, Strictures, Eruptions, and Nocturnal
Pains, so frequently mistaken for Rheumatism. These
subjects are illustrated by a variety of highly interesting
cases, together with the Miseries of a secret Vice, so long
and so unhappily pursued by the youth of both sexes. In
the one it will be found the unfailing source of Barrenness,
the other have its ravages fatally developed by a distressing
state of debility, which, if not timely remedied, terminates
in Impotence ; these are its remote and ultimate effects,
while Consumptions, lose of Muscular Power, and various
Nervous Complaints, usually characterise the earliest stages
of this most destructive and insidious habit, for the cure of
which a mode of treatment, the result of long and success-
ful practice, and at on; I safe, speedy, and effectual, is
adopted by the Author. With concluding remarks on the
evils resulting from attempt, at Self Cure.
Principiis obsta ; sero medicine paratur.
BY C. R. COURTENAY, M.D., Robert-street, Adelphi.
Printed for the Author : Published and sold by Suther-
land, No. 9, Carlton-street,Edinburgli; Sherwood and Co.,
Paternoster-row; Onwhyn, 4, Catherine street, Strand;
Walker, 90, High Holborn ; Chappell and Son, Cornhill ;
Marsh, 137, Oxford-street ; Chapple, 94, Pall-mall ;
Brook, Opera Arcade ; and may be had of all booksellers
An town and country.
" Amongst the numerous Medical and Surgical Works
of the day, we consider that written by Dr. Courtenay, on
SYphiF.?, and other frequently fatal complaints, to be worthy
of the highest encomiums, and justly deserving the serious
attention of all those persons who may unfortunately
happen to be afflicted with the maladies which form the
subject of this very interesting publication. The luminous
views taken of these diseases, together with important
warnings against excesses, entitle this work to great praise ;
and we may add, as a further recommendation, that it is
Mwith much delicacy and morality."—lnspector and
LiterarY Review.

THE
NATIONAL SILK WEAVERS' SOCIETY,
E'tablished for the sole purpose of giving constant Em-
ployment to the poor Weavers and their numerous Fa-
milies of Spit:Melds, and to educate 500, and clothe
200 of their Children ; and also to educate an unlimited
father of the Children of other industrious Silk-Weavers.
HEIR PATRONS, and the NOBILITY
and Public, are most respectfully informed, that their
tablieilinent, 59, Oxford-street, WILL OPEN on
MONDAY, the 25th Day of this Month, and that they
„4ve commenced Selling at their Warehouse, No. 15, De-
'cliashire-square, Bishopsgate-street, opposite the Church,
Pttevious to opening their Retail House, at Oxford-
'f,reet. They cut at their Warehouse any quantity of Silk
psom the piece, at one penny per yard on the cost price,
el'e they always keep ready manufactured rich Ducape,
V 2" and figured Gr os de Naples, stout Lustring and Sarsnet,
4.ek and coloured, Levantines, and Satins of every de-
ription and quality, and a most extensive assortment of
TSilk Damasks, including, amongst a variety of others,
wujrty new Patterns of elegant Taberets, the designs of
th"lch are perfectly Original, and executed exclusively for
,e Society, consequently will be found the greatest no-
eltY ever submitted to public inspection.
Ladies are most respectfully informed that it is not
profit they seek, but only sufficient to cover expences, and
cit! the men in constant employment. Those Ladies and
8 tlemen whowill honour the Society by becoming yearly
rlibsCribers of Ten Shillings, will be waited upon at their
-4°Peative dwellings by one of the members of the Com-
bltee, with every new Pattern of Silk previous to their
,nrs submitted to public sale.
t„ 4110 Subscriptions will go to the Fund of the Society,
h-e Provide for the benevolent purposes for which it has
~e 4 established, viz.—at each member's death, 121. A
1,,--"l,ber's wife's death, 61. If any member sick, 118. per
"Qeg, and if out of employment, 10s.
Ihe purchasers, if they wish, may see rich Silks in the
pr est of being manufactured.
W. G. GARLAND, Secretary.

THE AGENTS of the COUNTY FIRE
0, OFFICE, whose names are subjoined, submit to
the
Public some of the solid grounds of preference which
'4le County Fire Office has acquired.—lt is twenty years
since the County Fire Office was established on the then
'lure! principle of combining the security of an ample per-
manent capital, with the important benefit of Returns of
the,,, Surplus Premiums, after paying Losses and Expanses.
These returns have been constant, and have been realized to
til, extent of 57,0001. Considerable reserves also were
nitde during the years that Fire Insurance, well managed,
Will a surplus, and in these persons who now insure
th " Participate. The following are a few, among many
(111anda ll who have received these Returns:—
The 1) annua y'
J. b Le of Rutland, Belvoir Castle
Lady 4% 5c1.. Bedford
The'itnurdaunt, Stratford 2O 13 6
49 0 ()
Sir T.6,,n; Lady Darner, Hanover-square
73 11 9
M• A -gargen, Bart. Pall-mall
20 7 4
A. C,Hrin, Esq., % Portland-place
44 12 11
Messrs. •Nrner, Esq., Keppel-street
Mr. J.-rrY and Yates, Adelphi Theatre lOl 19 1
_ r.
T. Dne, Strand
Astir.
J. Winter, St. James's-street 22 18 2
J. Newton Roundsditch SS b 0
Mra -.....0n' L'4l. Brentford
J.
..._ Morris, Brentford
ier.orra, Esq. Brentford
•0. Gould, •Isleworth 5O 1 7
ii‘rir• J. Cromwell, Hammersmith
!••• Taniere, Esq., Pinner, Middlesex 24 16 9
le"re• Woodyer, Wulworth 27 15 3
"Jesus. Harding and Co., Horseferry-road 2O 17 2
?Ir. T. Hill, Bromley . SO 1 7
mew& Whitaker and Co., Boothfold
R. C. Rlvres, No
B ...; 59 16 6
The Marquis of
The Duke of fl.o'rthanmnloton Ashby Castle 123 19 6
Grafton, Wakefield Lodge 2O 13 6
Lord Kilmorey, n;
Egleowade 4S 6 1
Sir J. Langham, Ban.;
Non.
enampton
~. 7
20 13 0
The Hon. Champion Iyino•
The Hon. and Rev. W. n." i2,llorucastle 67 lo
Messrs. W. and J. Hayward, \raft?. Selby 22 3 0
The Rev. P. Knapp, Stony Stratforadgt°ll -• 38 2 2
Messrs. Clutterbnck and Co., Stanmore *
Sir Mark Sykes, Bart., York
...... ......... 24204 1156 76
Messrs. J. and N. Mercer, Uxbridge ********* 28 13 7
"Mr. Wm. Hull, ditto.. ............................ 1" 10S
Mr. S. Hull, ditto .............................. 70 12 '7
134 Mr.• D. S. Norton, ditto .... .......... 16 11
Mr. ........
essrs. Salter and Woodman, ditto .......... 173 10 5
J. D. Stevens, Esq., ditto ..................... '73 14
1
J. J. T. Wilkinson, Esq., York ............. 51 19 o Messrs. Ornerod and Son, Boothfold ......... 140 la 2
5
Messrs. Midgley and Co., ditto ............... 90 14
slr. R. Austin, Banbury ..................... 33 14 7
8
AGENTS ROUND LONDON-,
T. Meredith, Edgeware-road.
George Lever, Camden Town.
C. Blakesley, 16, Judd-plaee, Somers' Town, and
_.. n, anu
NO. 3, Montague-place, Kentish Town.
GT. Griffiths, Penton-street, Pentonville.
T. 12°"'vell, 49, Spencer-street, near Islington.
rT. Sadler, Lamb-street, SP italfields.
William Graig, 32, City-road.
John New, 8, Aldgate High-street.
T. Single, White Horse-lane, Stepney.
W. Ecst, 65, Poplar.
T. Fisher, Eleph..nt and Castle.
Purcell and Nicholls, Battersea.
G. Bliss, 6, Park-terrace, King's-road.
T. Webb, Brentford.

During the first engagement of Oxberry, in
London, the beauty of his and Liston's countenance became
a matter of frequent discussion in the green-room. From
this they began mutually to banter each other, and were
talking one morning at the stage-door of Covent-garden
theatre, each politely observing " how ugly the other
looked," when Oxberry proposed they should grin at a
horse that was standing near, and the conduct of the ani-
mal should decide the point, whether he or Liston was
most unprepossessing in their appearance. Oxberry com-
menced the experiment with an irresistible distortion of his
muscles, without producing the slightest effect on the
horse ; but Liston was not -so fortunate, fur the moment
lie put his face in the position proposed, the animalre-
treated some paces. Poor Oxberry used to say it Was a
decided prof that he was the handsome. man of the two.
He used to remark, that the graces had behaved scurrilY
enough to him, but they had cut Liston altogether.-- Ox-
berry's Dramatic Biography.

Pelaw

MONDav, Jogs 18.-Corrox.-There has continued
a steady demand for Cotton throughout the week, and Sea
Islands have advanced id. to id. per lb. The sales
amount to 12,240 bags, of which the following are the
particulars :-4060 Bowed at sid. to 6p. ; ISO ditto 7d.
to 7d. ; 2330 Orleans 6d. to Sid. ; 1850 Alabama and
Mobile Sid. to bid. ; 550 Sea Island 1014. to 184-d. ;
110 stained ditto 54d. to ; 610 Pernambuco 9d. to
9p_ 1. • 930 Maranhain Bd. to Bd. ; 260 Bahia Bd. to
; 450 Egyptian 7d. to 8-4-d. ; 450 Demerara lid. to
91(1. ; 90 Manilla 6p. to 7d. ; 300 Surat at 4id. to 5,1 d.
and 120 Bengal at sd. per lb.
Mosmai EVENING. -There has been no alteration in
the prices of Cotton to-day or Saturday ; the sales for the
two days amount to about 4000 bags.
SUGAR, &c.-There has again been a good demand for
British Plantation Sugar, and the sales amount to about
950 hhds. for home use. A small parcel of good white
Bengal Sugar has been sold at 735. 6d. per cwt. Of Mo-
lasses, about 130 punchs. have been taken by the refiners ;
Trinidad, of good quality, at 265. and Demerara, at 265.
9d. per cwt. The sales of Rum are still limited, but the
prices steady.
COFFEE, &c.-The coffee market is without animation ; '
at a public sale of 100 tcs. Jamaica, nearly the whole was
sold, but at a further reduction of le. to 2s. per cwt. ; the
private business is confined to 50 tcs. Jamaica to the
grocers, at about former rates.-350 bags Trinidad Cocoa,
which had been offered at a public sale, and bought in,
have since been sold at 425. per cwt. A small parcel of
Pimento has been disposed of at Bd. per lb. Ginger is
without demand.
DRYSALTERIES, &c.-There has been a steady demand
for Ashes, and in some instances an advance of 3d. per cwt.
has been obtained on Pots : the sales are about 350 brls.
Montreal Pot at 225. to 235. for old, and 255. to 255. 3d.
for new, and 120 brls. Pearl at 235. 6d. to 253. per cwt.
The market for Dyewoods is rather dull. In Logwood
small sales only have been made, and for Nicaragua Wood
there has been scarcely any demand. Fustic is more in-
quired for; 83 tons of Cuba have been sold at 111. and
20 tons Tampico at Si. 10s. per ton. Nothing done in
Barwood, Camwood, or Red Sandars Wood. The public
sales of Indigo brought forward on Friday, went off rather
heavily, and at rather lower prices, yet on the whole
quite as well as had been expected ; of 45 serons Gua-
timala and 53 serons Caraccas offered, 35 of the for-
mer were sold at ss. to Bs. Id. and 37 serons of the
latter at ss. to 9s. 4d. per lb. duty paid; a few small
sales have also been made in East India, at steady prices.
The Lac Dye, Galls, Shumac, and Safflower offered at the
same time were all withdrawn. In Madders considerable
sales have been made in the course of the week at full
prices. Of Madder Roots about 300 bales Turkey have
been taken at 355. per cwt. for old, and 395. for prime
quality of new. There has not been much doing in Olive
Oil, but prices are nominally the same. Saltpetre has been
in request, and 2100 bags have been sold at 225. to 245.
6d. principally at the latter price, with a small parcel at
265. per cwt. Brimstone continues dull ; about 350
hhds. Quercitron Bark have been sold at 10s. to 12s.
per cwt.
NAVAL STORES. -There has been more inquiry for
Turpentine, and 1600 brls. have been disposed of at 12s.
6d. per cwt.-American Tar is more in request, and but
little at market ; about 1100 brls. Stockholm have been
sold at 15s. 3d. to 15s. 6d. per brl. and 500 brls.
Archangel at 15s. per bd.-Rosin steady at 6s. per cwt.
Hines, &c.-The sales of Hides are 5000 dry Califor-
nia Cow and Ox, but the price ban not transpired ; 150
salted at 4d. ; 200 Buenos Ayres salted at bid. and 1840
dry salted Brazil at 61d. to 6id. per lb.-Tallow remains
very steady, at the prices quoted.

THE MARKETS.

COAL MAR
Adalea - . 3.1 a. Od.
Beaumont 3l 0

Burden

32 3

rieloi;t7rn Main 34 3

30 0

'erc ti

Pon top Windsor 29 8
Tanfield 32 6
32 0
Willington .35 0
Wylam 92 2
WallsEndßewicke&Co. 36 0
Ditto Bell Robson&Co. 35 0
Ships at Market, 25%-2hil

.ET.—June 20.
Walls End Nevnuarch.... 3.55.
Ditto Brown". _ 32 1J
Ditto Burratsn --- 24 6
Ditto Cramlington.-- 31 3
Ditto Riddell's.. . 35 0
Ditto Russell's SS 3
Culm 7i9 0
Culm Cox 39 0
Llangenneth 42 0
Hartley 30 0
Henderson Main...., 29 6
Russell's Hetton'sW. E. 36 0

rpasold,:l9%-thasolel, t$

LIVERPOOL CORN EXCHANGE.—June 19.

The import of Grain continues eo exceedingly light, as
to throw a great proportion of the demand on the stocks
in granary : this, together with the comparative small-
ness of those stocks, and the abandonment of the Corn
Bill, has induced holders of all free Corn to look for a
considerable advance. The frequent changes, however,
which have lately taken place, and the possibility of fur-
ther legislative enactments previous to the prorogation of
Parliament, have yet prevented the millers from purchas-
ing with any degree of confidence. We cannot note any
change in the value of Bonded Grain. One or two par-
cels of Barley, under lock, have been sold during the
week, at about 4s. per 601bs.—There were several parcels
of Wheat fresh up for to-day's market (the arrivals of yes-
terday), which, as well as all other Grain, met with a
very limited sale. Holders were, however, firm, and fully
the above noted advance was obtained on the few trans-
actions that occurred.

Wheat, English, per '7 Olb.
- Irish (red)l
Ditto
Scotch „
Canada
Foreign (free)
Foreign (in
Barley, English, per 601bs.
Irish
Scotch.-
*

Beans, En,

'Ugh, per Imp.

Oats, English, per 451 b...
Malt, Fine, per 9 gallons
Flour, Amer., duty paid, per

sour
Canadian «,.-
Indian Corn, white, per qr. of 4801 b.

red
- -
Pease. English white, per Imp. qr.
Rye ----
Oatmeal, English, per 2401b5.
Irish
Scotch .rev.••••••••••ewwee.....re.na

OLD. NEW.
s. d. s. d. e. d. N. d.
9 9alo 9 9 a 10 S
8 Oa 9 1;1 9 Oa 9 3
O Oa 0 0 0 Oa 0 0
O Oa 0 0 9 0 a 10 0
9 Oa 9 2 9 Oa 9 6
O 0 .4 0 0 8 Oa 9 6
O Oa 0 0 0 0a 0 0
5 6a 5 9 5 6a 5 0
O Ca 0 Ob 3a 3 6
O O. 9 0 5 Sa 5 6
O Oa 0 01 5 3a 3 6
O Oa 0 054 0 a 58 0
O Oa 0 0 6 2a 4 3
O Oa 0 0 4 Oa 4 2
0 Oa 0 0 4 0 a 4
0 Oa 8 0 8 Oa 8 3
0 Oa 0 0 7 3 a 7 0
(1 Oa 0 0— Oa-- 0
0 Oa 0 034 0a36 0
0 3a 0 OH Oa— 0
0 Oa U 044 0 a 46 0
O Oa 0 0142 0 a 45 0
0 Oa 0 OH oa-- 0
O Oa 0 01— oa.-- 0
0 Oa 0 Op 0 a 40 V
O 0 a 0 037 0 a 38 0
O 0 a 0 0,36 0 a 37

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS.

LONDON DIARY.—FRIDAY, Amos 22.—(At the Court of
Commissioners, Basingliall-street.)
Bell, G., Lambeth 1 Graves, J., Walworth .. 11
Burckhardt, J.. Northura Jent, T.. Piccadi11y,........ 11
berland-street
Clarence, R., Clare 2 Leigh, E. and Co., Chiddin-
Collis, G., Romford lO stone .. ............... .
........ 12
Cousens, W., Norton Fel- Pinnington, D., Gt. Queen-
gate lO attest ........................... 11
Dawson, S. Water-lane ll Tooth, E., Halting'
rox, G., Blackheath lO

COUNTRY DlARY.—Skrutioalr, Juzyt 23.
Gedrych, C., Bristol—Mr. Frank's, Bristol
Hutchinson and Co., Stockton-upon-Tees—Black Lion inn,
Stockton
Jennings, J.. Birmingham—Royal hotel, Birmingham d
Mellor, 8., Alstonefield—Green Man, Aahbourne 1
Mousley, T., Hanley—Dog and Doublet, Bandon
Sutcliffe, T., Lanun. gfleld—Roebuck, Rochdale lO
williame, 0. j, Broomsgrove—White Hart, Hartlebury.„ 11

INSOLVENTS APPLYIN4
Petitions to be heard at Portug
Ansa 25,
Baxter, D., Chichester
Blanchard, W., North Bradley
Brock, R., Northumberlaud-et.
Bullock, S., Brighton
Jacobs, E., Windsor
Mellor, T., Itillitechapel
Miln, A., Greenwich
Nicholson,lll.,Little Guildford-
street

G TO BE DISCHARGED,
al-street, Lincoln's Inn Fields,
'Park, A., Shipley
Pring, D., Bradford
Shaw, G., Cheltenham
Soper, P., Rotherhithe
Vandervord, G., Southend
I Wingfield, D., Northampton-
street, Clerkenwell
Wood, 8., jun., Whitechapel-
market

COUNTRY.—At the Ceurt-hol
Ten c

Ise, at Worcester, June 25, at
'clock.
Hill, W., Kidderminster
Hill, T. Norton
Iles, VV., Stourport
Jinks, I'., Cookie.
Purser, 1., Stourport
Taylor, J. Hag.ey
Tench, Hawthornbusli
Vale, J., Mosley
Wilson, E., Cookley
Woodward, J., Pershore

Alford, J., Elderfleld
Baylis, (;., Benjworth
Cox, C., Redditch
Eveson, R., Lye Waste, Old-
swinford
Francis, T., Pershore
Garland, S., Worcester
Gwilliam, W„
11103
ev,i
ovvi
jsl.3to. ,KuKr pniodgsrdtteor,n: intter
Gwilliam, J., befford
Kingstontt,
D,fford
Gedling,
GKeindgasyttonat Kingst(
Crouch. J., 'Kingston
G.,

)n-upon-Hull, at Ton.
Father, T., Kingston
Fawc tt, J., _ Kingston
Hart, W. Kingston
Penney, S., Sculeoates

The hay harvest has this week become general
throughout the country ; finer weather and heavier crops
were never known....... Freeman's Journal.

After several conferences between the commanders of
the Greeks and Lord Cochrane, which took place on the
2d and 3d of May, it was resolved to make a general at-
tack to deliver the Acropolis. Preparations were made to
embark in the Piraeus 3,500 men, who, unperceived by
the Turks, were to land at Cape Colies, to advance across
the plain directly towards the Museum at the south end of
the city, and to assist the garrison of the citadel, who
would see the approach of their countrymen, and to sup-
ply them at least with provisions, ammunition, and fresh
troops; while it was hoped also to remove the aged, the
sick, and the women out of the place; and, in the mean-
time, the corps of Karaiskaki, which remained on the west
side of the city, and the north of the Piraeus, was to at-
tack on that side the fortified position of the Turks in the
wood of Olives, to fix the attention of the enemy on that
point, and thus to facilitate the advance of the column by
which the real attack was to be made.

" An unexpected event seems to have greatly contri-
buted to the failure of the plan, the success of which
chiefly depended on the simultaneous operation of all the
corps employed in it. General Karaiskaki, who had ac-
quired great reputation among the Greeks, especially by
his late successes against Omer Paella in Livadia, at Ra-
chova, Distonio, &c., was mortally wounded by a musket
Sall On the 4th May, in a trifling skirmish of outposts on
the west side of the wood 'of Olives, and in which the
Greeks bad only 50 or 60 killed and wounded. This so
discouraged the troops under him, that they abandoned
the three entrenchments which were the nearest to the
enemy in the wood, and lost all inclination to support
their countrymen, who were to land at Cape Colias by
the promised diversion in the enemy's right flank. Ka-
raiskaki was brought on board a schooner that was at
anchor in the Pimus, and died about midnight. His body
was conveyed the next morning to Koluri, and interred
with much solemnity. By his will, he has left his arms
to his son, and 15,000 piastres to some persons who were
usually with him, and were particularly attached to him.
" In the night of the sth of May, the troops that were
to make the attack on the east side, amounting to 3,200
men, were embarked on board twelve Greek vessels, for
Cape Colies. Their Commanders were—John Archon-
dopulo Notara, Kosta Bozzari, Makrijanni, Lambro, Veiko,
George, Drako, Demetrius Kalergi, at the head of the
Cretans; Colonel Inglesi, with the Tacticos or regular
troops, and the Philhellenes, Vasso, Parioti, Granzi; the
brothers Zerba, Lioni, and Argi.
" Three hours before sun-rise the vessels sailed, and at
four in the morning the landing was effected at Cape
Colies. Makrijanni with the Athenians, formed the van ;
then came the Suliots ; then the Tacticos, with two pieces
of cannon. John Notara with his band, and Kalergi with
the Cretans ; Vasso and Paganotti Notara remained be-
hind, protected by some entrenchments thrown up in tracts
near the coast ; and a small corps occupied the half ruin
fort near the cape, and two old redoubts on the Beach,
where Lord Cochrane and General Church and his Staff
were. The ships lay at anchor along the coast.
" As day had broke during the advance of the Greeks,
they were soon perceived by the Turks, who immediately
strengthened their positions,and sent against the Greeks 800
cavalry, which was the most dangerous circumstance that
could happen to them on the plain. The plan of surprise
being thus disconcerted, the Greeks halted on the plain
directly opposite the Museum ; t'irew up with all speed
some entrenchments, in which they placed the two cannon
of their regular corps; but the Turkish cavalry did not
leave them time to take up a position, and divided them-
selves into two columns—one of which surrounded their
right wing, in order to cut off their communications with
the entrenchments on the coast, and the three towers of
'Cape Colias; while the other, supported by 800 regular
infantry, who had arrived at the Seraskier's camp a short
time before, impetuously attacked the intrenehments in the
plain, so that the Greeks being obliged to give way to the
Turkish cavalry, abandoned them after a short resistance.
When these Greeks, in their flight, came to the entrench.
ments on the coast, they found them already forsaken.
Meantime, the other column of cavalry, which had turned
the right wing of the Greeks, came up and completed their
defeat. Only a few Greeks succeeded in reaching the land-
ing place at the Three Towers—.a part fled into the moun-
tains, and the remainder, to the number 0f2,000, were cut
to pieces or taken prisoners. General Church and Lord
Cochrane, who were at the Three Towers, hastened to the
ships,Lord Cochrane throwing himself into the sea to swim
to one of the vessels.

" The battle began at eight o'clock, and all was over at
ten. The worst for the cause of the Greeks was the d -
couragement of the troops ; most of them left the camp,
and fled to Eleusis, Megara, and Salamis. The 1,000
Ilvdriets, whom Lord Cochrane brought from Attica, have
returned to that island. All the Greek force that still re-
mained together was under the command of the English
Major, Charles Gordon Urquhart, in the Phalerus, where
General Church also still remained. As far as can be
learnt, Generals Kalerji, Lambro, Veiko, George, Drake,
Anastasius, Drusa, George Isavella, and John Notara, and
Colonel luglesi, were either killed or taken prisoners.
Makrijanni is slightly wounded. Of the Tacticoe; only ten
or twelve have escaped. Almost all the Suliots and Cretans
fell. The Greeks have also lost four cannon, which they
were obliged to leave in the entrenchment.
" In the night of the 6th, the Turks made an attack on
the weak camp of the Greeks on the west side of Athens,
to the north of the Piraeus, where Karaiskaki bad been
stationed with his troops, and made themselves masters of
all the entrenchments, and of some redoubts at the entrance
of the position of the Phalerus, where they found six
cannon, one of them an 18-pounder.
" These circumstances appear to have been the chief
causes of the disaster of the Greeks on the 6th—first,
that they had not well calculated the time requisite for
the embarking and relanding the troops; so that the corps
which was to have surprised the enemy advanced in broad-
day light—secondly, that the troops, most of which were
irregular and without bayonets, were exposed in the plain
to the cavalry—and, lastly, that the diversion, which was
to have been made by the corps encamped to the north of
the Piraeus, did not take place ; so that corps, advancing
on the east-side, was exposed to the attack of the whole
force of the enemy, which the proposed diversion would
have divided.

a On the 7th, Lord Cochrane, learning that the Fleet
from Constantinople had arrived at Sigri, on the west
coast of Mitylene, sailed, with most of his ships, for Poros;
intending to proceed, with all the vessels he could collect,
to meet the Turkish Fleet; but, when he reached Poros,
he learned from the inhabitants that the ships had all
sailed, probably to make war on their own account.
a On the stb, Recischid Paella began again vigorously
to bombard the Acropolis."—Rotterdam Courant, 19th
June.

p.imcrslialnady_making'
The crops of an kinds throughout the south
of Ireland,
froth present appearances, are expected to be
the most abundant of any for a series of years. In many
has already commenced, which, in the
present impoverished and distressed state of the peasantry,
is a most seasonable relief.—Freetnan's Journal.

SURREY AND SUSSEX ROADS.—On Satur-
day the Trustees of these Roads assembled at the Sessions'
Rouse, Horsemongec.lane, for the purpose of letting them
to the highest bidder for the ensuing year. The price at
which the tolls were put UP was 19,0301., being that for
which they were let last
the following manner : __year. The biddings increased in
Mr. Fitkin, 20,000/. ; Mr. Davis,
20,010/. ; Mr. Fitkin,
20,0601.
; Mr. Davis, 20,080/. ;
Mr. Fitkin, 20,1001.--being an advance of 1,0701. on the
letting of the past year. No other person presenting him-
self, Mr. Fitkin was declared the highest bidder. The
Chairman then required the payment of the month's ad-
vanced rent. Mr. Fitkin tendered 101., which, with the
money already in the Trustees' hands, paid by him at a
former bidding, he said amounted to the required sum.
The Chairman said, that be would not accept it, but in-
sisted upon a fresh deposit on the present biddings. This,
Mr. Fitkin declined giving, and the Chairman remarked,
that he would, in consequence, again put up the Tolls ; at
the same time declaring, that he or his colleagues were de-
termined, from the commencement, not to accept of Mr.
Fitkin's bidding. The Tolls were accordingly a second
time put up ; but there being no bidders whatsoever, they
remained undisposed of. The Trustees subsequently, at
the suggestion of a country gentleman, determined (as
it might be most convenient) that they would receive pri-
vate tenders; and we understand that Mr. Levi has since
Morning Chronicle.
sent in his tender, and been declared the Contractor.—

The London Harbour Bill was read a third time, and
passed.
Lord SIDMOUTH presented a petition from Reading,
praying for the abolition of slavery.
Sir Alexander Grant and others brought up the Bill for
car►;ying into effect the treaty between his Majesty and the
Emperor of Brazil, for the final abolition of the Slave
Trade ; the New South Wales Administration of Justice
Bill; the Dissenters' Marriage Bill; the Leith Police Bill;
the Remedies against Hundreds Bill ; the Criminal Justice
Bill ; and the Larceny Consolidation Bill.
Mr. Tomlyns, fro►n the Treasury, presented a return of
the number of bank-notes in circulation.

Lord ROSLYN presented a petition from Dover,
against the importation of foreign wool.

A similar petition was presented from a place in the
county of Suffolk.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY asked when he
might gain any information respecting the papers which
he asked for some time ago ?

Lord GODERICH said, I cannot answer specifically
for the time, but the papers are in due progress, and I shall
inquire and let the Noble Lord know. Perhaps I may
take this opportunity of answering two questions which
were put to me yesterday, and when, undoubtedly, some
comments were made on my net being in my place
to answer them. With respect to that, my absence did not
arise from any disrespect to your Lordships, or from an
unwillingness on my part to discharge my duties in your
Lordships' House, however unpleasant the discharge of
those duties may be. The fact of my individual absence
arose from indisposition, but which was removed in the
course of the day. With regard to the absence of
any Noble Friends of mine, I certainly was asked,
whether I thought there was any necessity for their
being in their places yesterday. There stood no busi-
ness of auy importance, nor seemed to be any thing of con-
sequence for that day, therefore I said it did not appear to
me there was any cause for their presence. For my own
part I should have been present but for the reason I have
adverted to, and I think I have not shown, since 1
have been a Member of your Lordships' House, any
disposition to absent myself. My Lords, I must say,
that if my Noble Friends had put those questions
direct to me, or given me any notice that they meant to
have put them, I certainly should have endeavoured to
have been present, and felt it my duty to hove given an.
swers to them, whatever the difficulty might have been ;
hut it cannot be expected I am to anticipate questions.
The first was, whether it was my intention to proceed with
the Average Bill ? That Bill proposes many improvements,
and I propose to read it a second time to-morrow, should it be
convenient to the House. The other question related to
the point how it• was proposed, with reference to a measure
not now before this House, to regulate the taking of
the averages by which the importation of Corn should
he known, and whether it should be taken weekly
as proposed in the Bill which has not been proceeded in,
or whether it should be taken according to the Amendments
in the Committee? My answer to that is, that I have
every reason to believe that the Bill to come up will
contain a clause regulating the mode of taking the averages
on the same principle as that adopted by the Committee of
this House on the other Bill.

The Marquis of SALISBURY considered it very import-
ant indeed to the agriculturist toknow what the:precise moth
of taking the average of the prices of Corn, was to he
throughout the United Kingdom. He hoped the Noble
Lord would turn this over in his mind, and move some
amendment respecting it.
The Earl of MALMESBURY wished the Noble Lord
would lay before the House some proposition which would
enable the House to discuss the question fairly and fully.
It was of essential importance for the House to have an
accurate return of the quantity of corn in bond.

Lord GODERICH would endeavour, before the House
rose, to give notice, as nearly as he could, of what his mo-
tion should be.

Lord LAUDERDALE thought it impossible that the
House could have any return with regard to the quantity
of corn imported from Canada, so that the House with re-
spect to that quarter would have to labour in the dark.
