(From the Paris Papers of Saturday.)

On Saturday evening the King presided at a Council of
Alinisters. The Council did not rise till after eleven
o'clock. The King gave a private audience also to Baron
Louis M. Bonvaler, Deputy, and Adm. Lord Cochrane.
A letter from Pont de Beauvoisin, dated March 9,
says Tile Prince of Carignan has just left Chambery
in great baste, to return to Turin, The King is in the
last extremity, and probably dead at the moment I write.
We are assured that the project avowed by the Prince
is to signalize his ascent to the throne by the grant
of a coptitittitiollid charter, atlaptcl to the wants of Pied•

A number of students met again on Saturday on the
place of the Pantheon, where were stationed fhreecorn-
panies of the 24th Regiment of the line and a scradrort
of Hussars. This assemblage not having assumed any
offensive character, the troops ret red. The greups, how-
ever, subsequently multiplied, and young men, well dressed,
began to harangue the people to disorder. Some work-
men, who bad hitherto remained peaceable spectators of
this scene, advanced at length towards the orators, and
complained of the tumults which the students had ex-
cited, attributing to them all the uneasiness and distrust
which afflicted the public. At this moment the National
Guard, reinforced by the line, defiled through the four
streets which border the angles of the place, and in the
twinkling of an eye the assemblage was completely in-
vested ; kgattain number of arrests were then made, amid
the. applause rkt4dl the inhabitants of this quarter. We
add to these details, that a certain number of young men
who, at the same time, paraded the fauxbourgs St. Mar-
ceau and St. Antoine, in the hope of exciting a tuintilt,
were very ill received by the working population, and
many of them were obliged to fly for safety, from the,
menaces of the working classes, who were irritated at
these unworthy attempts.—Le Temps.
The Journal de Paris says that many of these stu-
dents were armed with poignards, and would have been
sacrificed by the workmen, had it not been for the inter..
ference of the military.

"On Saturday there were some assemblies of young
men. This agitation, without an object, occasions a dis-
play of force which fatigues the troops and National
Guard; it disturbs commerce, and finishes even by irri-
tating the workmen, who attribute their want of employ-
ment to those continual assemblages ; some of them on
Saturday gave indeed unequivocal manifestations of their
sense of these incessant gatherings. The news of the disas-
ter in Poland has produced, and ought to produce, a lively
agitation ; but we know now, that the cause of Poland
is neither lost, nor iespaired of ; there is no reason then
for continuing demonstrations which have grown out of a
wrong impression. The greater number of Saturday's
groups were exclaiming—' War, war.' Now we know a
great number of citizens and of National Guards, who,
without crying out for war, are determined to run to the
frontier, at the first signal of danger. These citizens have
already begun by signing engagements t t march forthwith
wherever it may be nek.essary. It seems to us that this is
the proper course to follow. It is the first way to know
each other ; to rally; in fact to engage to pay in our per-
' sons, and to announce to the country the number of those
upon whom it may count for its defence, in seconding the
efforts of the army. This proceeding has been followed
in a great number of the departnoeuts, and it is, according
to our opinion, more efficacious, arid more imposing, than
these tumultuous cries, which many people are uttering
vvithout feeling themselves more engaged to the country
on that account.—Le Courier Francais.

" The prosecutions, of which the Globe is now the
object, has no relation to any article of our politics; they
refer singly to the insertion of a notice in our number of
the 10th, which is mixed up indiscriminately with a crowd
of different others, under the title of Miscellaneous
news ;' it was as follows :

" We are requested to insert the following notice :--
The young gentlemen of the schools are invited to meet
to-morrow, the 11th of March, at one o'clock, upon the
Pace of the Pantheon.'

"As it happened to be on the 11th that hostile demon-
strations were made against the Russian Ambassador, at- •
tributed, whether right or wrong, to students, the Mi-
nistry have thought they saw in the above insertion a
provocation to this act of barbarity. We thought, how-
ever, that we bad, with sufficient clearness and explicit-
ness, expressed our opinions upon the occasion of the cries
for death, uttered last December against the ex-Miniatera,
as well as upon the devastations of February, to have
saved us from the poasibi.ity of even harbouring an idea
of recommending violence."—Le Globe.
(From the Times Private Correspondent.)

PARIS, SUNDAY EVENING.
I transmitted in my despatch of yesterday the list of the
new Administration of M. Cassimir Perrier, as it was made
out in the Palais Royal at four o'clock )estettlay ; hut I
learn this day that, at the night meeting of the Council, by
desire of the King, it was agreed that M. Montalivet
should retain a part of the administration of the Interior;
one, however, which divests him of political influence,
namely, the Fine Arts and the Stud. He is the personal
favourite and household friend of the King. He is in-
tended, when the Civil List is definitively fixed, and the
Court held in the Tuileries, to have the Chamberlainship
and Comptroller's department. You will see other modi-
fications in some of the Journals of this day, but I have the
best reason for knowing, that the list which I transmitted
yesterday is genuine, subject only to the subdivision of the
Ministry of the Interior, so as still to leave 111. de Monta-
livet an inmate of the Palace, where he is personally so
much liked.

The new appointments are expected to appear in a sup-
plement to this day's Moniteur.

1 have to repeitto you with confidence, that the Admi-
nistration of M. Cassimir Perrier will be pacific, yet firm
and uncompromising, for what he believes to be the true
interest of France.

You will likewise find a sterner domestic administration,
and a more summary mode taken in suppressing local tu-
Inuits than has of late been observable,--that is, should
the excellent plan encouraged yesterday by the police not
produce its full effect, of allowing the workmen them-
selves, to chase away with a drubbing, the groups of idle
young men, who, under the denomination of students, as-
semble to shout and harangue in the public ways, to the
serious interruption of trade, And the suspension almost of
the inadequate means of work left by untoward events to
the artisans of the capital.

Within the last week the authorities have projected se-
veral public works, which will for months afford much em-
ployment to daily labour.

PARIS, SATURDAY EVINING.,
I has e just received the important news of the formation
of the new French Ministry, finished at two o'clock this
day by the King at the Palais Royal, and ordered to he
inserted in the Moniteur of to-morrow (Sunday.) I say
this news is important, because the change this day made
is for " a peace" Ministry.

The following are the members who compose the new
Ministry :
N. CASSIMIR PERRIER, President, without portfolio.
Baron Louis, Minister of Finance.
Count D'ARGOUT, Minister of the Interior.
M. BERANGER, Minister of Justice.
Admiral DE MGM', Minister of Marine,
BARTIIE remains Minister of Public Instruction.
Marshal SoULT retalns'the Ministry of War, and
General S.EIIASTIANI that for Foreign Affairs. y

From the same correspondent we learn that Marshal
Maison had not been rooaNed from Vienna, as some of the
French papers of Saturday mention. On the contrdry,
explanations and protocols upon Italian affairs were ex•
pected to result from the communications to the Austrian
embassy in London, ctf which Prince Frederick Schwan.
zenberg was, a day ar two ago, the hearer; and the general
opinion was, that Prince Metternich was watching the
progress of affairs at Warsaw, before he committed his
toaster to the hazard.

DEATH OF SIR MONTAGU CIfoLMELEY
Sir MONTAGU CnoLM.F.LEY, Bart. expired on Friday, a
his seat, Easton Hall, Lmeolnshire, after a protracted in-
disposition, in the 58th year of his age, having leen horn
on the 20th of March. 1771. The Hon. Baronet was
elevated to that dignity in 1806, and subsequently rcpre-.
sented the lw.,rough of Grantham in Parliament.

In the new historical -rontaneq oft. WThe
Tuileries," the Monarchy and Republic o 'Fience,are
successively placed before the reader.j,; PtApjle s rtifi
naturally plays an important part in sucy7i.„l4arn.4,-.l:isst
his character is displayed in a uewrned s yr-Roo4ii
view ; while the tribunal established orAtaiti d •,4 rt
sanguinary LitinaN, involves a vat',
dotes, now presented for the fi A:
public,

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 14.
ROTHSCHILD v. BROOK:VAN.
The arguments on behalf of the appellants in this part-
heard appeal having been concluded, Lord WEXFORD,
who sat with the LORD CHANCELLOR, gave the judgment
of the House, without calling upon the Counsel on behalf
of Mr. Brookmen to address their Lordships, affirming:
the decision of his Honour the Vice-Chancellor, with
1001. costs.
MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Mr. Bin:Rehr., and several other Members from the
.House of Commons, b-ought up several Private Bills.
Mr. Brown, from the Metropolitan Commissioners of
Lunacy, brought up papers.
Petitions were presented by Lord Goderich, from Lin-
coln, in favour of Reform ; by Lord Gower, front
the Staffordshire Potteries, to the same effect; by Lord
Deere, from Dissenters in London and Westminster, against
slavery ; by the Earl of Radnor, from a place in Scotland,
in favour of Reform ; by the Earl of Rosebery, from Lin-
lithgow, to the same effect; by Lord Durham, from South-
wark and Forfar, to the same effect ; by Earl Spencer,
from Christchurch, Surrey, in favour of Reform; by Lord
Farnham, from Cork, against slavery ; by Lord Glen •
gall, from Tipperary, against the tithe system ; and by Lord
Aberdeen, from Paisley, against the duties on cotton wool.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE rose to present a peti-
tion from Clerkenwell in favour of Parliamentary Reform.
In doing so his Grace took that occasion to observe
that he considered his Majesty's Ministers de-
served the gratitude of every man in the country
for the measure whicit they had brought forward relative
to this great question. In doing so they bad consulted
the interesrs of all classes, and had relieved the hereditary
borough proprietors of the reproach of employing objec-
tionable measures at elections, arid at the same time secured
to them those advantages which property ought to pos-
sess.--(Hear.)--He could no longer refrain from expres-
sing his cordial approbation of the measure proposed by his
Majesty's Ministers, and his resolution to support it
to the utmost whenever it came before their Lordehipa.
The Noble Duke also presented a similar petition from Poole.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presented a pe-
tition from Totness, Devonshire, against some parts of
the Reform Bill. He (the Noble Marquis) could
not accord with this petition; no kind of considera-
tion, no personal benefit that he could derive from
countenancing that system which he considered so im-
proper, would prevent him from giving the measure his
most decided support.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE doubted very much
whether the petition could be received, as it referred
to a Bill not before the House.
The petition was accordingly withdrawn.
PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.
Earl GREY presented a petition from the freeholders
of Northumberland, voted at a public meeting convened by
the High Sheriff, and held on the 9th of February last, in
favour of Reform. The petition prayed for a Reform by
means of an extension of the elective suffrage to all house-
holders; it prayed also for the shortening of the duration
of Parliaments, and it also prayed for the taking of votes
by ballot. On this latter subject Lis sentiments were too
well known to require explanation. The petition was
signed by 5,000 persons, and spoke the approbation of the
county which he had so long had the honour of repre-
senting, in favour of the principles of Reform.
The Mutiny Bill was then read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Lord AUCKLAND, the Calico Draw-
back Duties Bill was read a third time and passed.
BANKRUPTCY COURT BILL.
Lord WYNFORD said, that a few weeks ago, when
he laid on their Lordships' table a Bill enabling parties to
be examined on oath in their own suits, his Noble and
Learned Friend on the Woolsack had stated that it would
make such a sweeping al.eration of the law of England,
that he uni et require time for its consideration. When
his Noble and Learned Friend made application to him ler
time, he was immediately of opinion that time ought to
be given ; for he had too much respect for the law of Eng-
land as it now stood, to wish to innovate upon it without
due consideration. Now if the measure which he (Lord
Wynford) had introduced some weeks ago deserved the
title of a sweeping measure, much more did the Bill
which his Noble and Learned Friend had since introduced
deserve that title ; for it was so extensive in its details,
and so sweeping in its alterations, as to require more time
for consideration than any Bill which had been laid upon
the table of their Lordships since be hod had the honour
of a *eat in their House. At this moment a Noble and
Learned Friend of his, who wished to take part in the
discussion on this Bill, was prevented from attending by
indisposition. His Noble and Learned Friend hoped
hoWever, to be able to attend in his place in the course
of a week; but as his hopes had been disappointed several
times already, perhaps his attendance might not be so early
as himself arid his friends wished. Their Lordships were
also aware that another Noble and Learned Friend of his,
who had expressed his intention of explaining his senti-
ments on this Bill, was now absent from town on the
circuit. If, then, the B;11 to which he was referring
were not of such a description as he had already stated, he
should conceive that the absence of his two Noble and
Learned Friends, who had expressed a wish to be present
at its discussion, would be sufficient to induce their Lord-
ships to accede to the motion which he intended to propose
to them. But if their Lordships would only consider the
rapidity with which this Bill had hitherto passed through
its different stages, and the importance of every one of its
clauses to the community, Ise was sure that their Lord-
ships would see that a delay for the time which he asked
was nut either an extravagant nor an unreasonable re-
quest. Besides, he had only got this Bill on Saturday
morning in its printed form. Ire had devoted the whole
of Saturday to a consideration of it, and he thought that,
if necessary, lie could convince their Lordships that it re-
quired a longer time for a fair investigation of its merits.
Ile was inclined to think that this Bill was calculated to
do a great deal of good ; but he was also inclined to think
that it would not do that good, unless it was altered in
some of its detail.', and altered, too, in a way which be
was not prepared at that time to describe. When he men-
tioned the important subjects to which this Bill had refer-
ence, every body would see that nobody could state
what alterations ought to be made in it without time
being given them for consideration. He thought that
the Bill in question would clash with the whole system
of our bankrupt law, as it was developed in the sta-
tute of the 6th of the late King. Hew much of that
statute must be repealed be MS not then prepared to
state; but that sonic part of it must be repealed he was
quite convinced, otherwise they would have two Acts on
their statute book inconsistent with each other, and pro-
ducing that confusion in the administration of justice,
which was not only impolitic, but also dangerous to so-
ciety. The Bill of his Noble anal Learned Friend swept
away at once 72 Commissioners of Bankrupts. On the
first blush of the matter he thought that it would be a
good thing to do away with these Commissioners; b t he
had since heard the observations which had been made re:
that subject by a Noble and Learned Lord, who had
had greater experience than himself in matters of bank-
ruptcy. He confessed, that though be was inclined to
stand by his original opinion on this point, the opinion
given by his Noble and Learned Fries(' induced him let
hope that the Bill would not pass through their Lordehi pa'
House without undergoing full cm:et:Aeration. The Bill
got rid of 70 officers, whose joint sates ins atnouated to
21,000/. ar. Now the Judges, who were to be ap-
pointed in their stead, though only ten in number, if they
were to be !supported as Judges ought to be supported,
wenhl cost the country in the amount of their salaries
25,000/. a-year. Thus, on a single point, lan increase
of 4,0001. rt-year would be made to the burdens of the
country. To this stun mast be added the salary of a re-
gistrar, seven clerks, and Su eclignees. He must here
state, that if these officers were to bee, paid in such a man-
ner as would give the public security tket they were men
eapzble of discharging tl:g duties of their ()thee: properly,
the expense which they would fix upon the country eeeld
not be less than 14,000/. a-year, Surely a Bill which
increased the expenditure of the country so materially in a
time of general financial distress, was not one which ought
to he passed without due forethought and de4leeration.
His Noble and Learned Friend bad said that this Bill
would not inflict any additioea! charge on the public, for
the charge was to be taken out of the suitors' fund.
The LORD CHANCELLOR
sintimaeed his di sent;
but the terms which it was couched in did not reach us.
Lord WYNFORD—WeII, he might be mistaken in
saying that the charge for the registrars, clerks, and as-
signees, Was to be defrayed out of tho suitors' fund, but as
to the other part of the charge coming from that quarter
there could he no
doul,t ; but in the Bill it wes distinctly
stated that the Cominiseionere were to have remuneration
paid out of that fund. Now he beeged to enter his pro-
test against that arrangement.
The Bankrupt Court and
the Court of Chancery ;
were distinct Courts and their
Lordships haul no more right to take the funds holong ing
to the suitors in Chancery, line to apply them to the ex-
pens of the jurisdiction in bankruptcy, than they had to
transfer them to any other public object. whatever. This
OVlia tax on public property. If the suitors' fund did not
theintiK to the suitors, to whom dial it belong? To the
public. it was true that the unclaimed dividends . thet
T' ank had &11.0 been considered public property, and bad
