HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. TENNYSON obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
amend the mode of collecting the rates, &c. Ste., in the
parish of St. Giles, Camberwell.

Captain YORKE presented a petition from the Isle
of Ely, praying that the duty on Licensed Victualling
might be taken off. The llonourable Member could
not coincide with the prayer of the petitioners, believing
that the tax on public houses was a most proper tax.

Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the traders of
Dublin, praying for the more due observance of the Lord's
Day.

Mr. O'CONNOR presented a petition from a parish
in Cork, praying for the total abolition of tithes. He
trusted that the measure which bad been brought forward
by Ministers last night would be productive of good effects;
but he considered he should be practising a cheat upon the
House, if he did not state that he thought that measure
would not produce satisfaction in Ireland. The people were
determined to petition the House, as long as a grievance
remained.

Sir GEO. CAYLEY presented a petition from Scar-
borough, praying that that corporation might be elective.
Mr. OSWALD presented a petition from the soap
makers of Glasgow, for the repeal of the duties on soap.
Mr. O'CONNELL supported the prayer of the petition.
An How. MEIIIIER trusted that the prayer of the peti-
tion would be listened to in this respect, and that some-
thing would be done to remove a tax which pressed so
heavily on the poor.
Mr. PELHAM presented a petition from Coningsby,
praying for the extinction of slavery.
Sir F. BURDETT presented a petition from the parish
of St. Anne, Westminster, praying for the repeal of the
house and window tax.—(Hear.)
Sir J. HOBHOUSE said he had been instructed to
support the prayer of the petition, and he could assure
the House that the same feeling that pervaded the pa-
rish of Sr. Anne, relative to those taxes, pervaded all
other parishes in Westminster. He hoped that his Ma-
jesty's Ministers would see whether they could not, con-
sistently with the state of the revenue, do something to re-
lieve the country of these burdens.—(Hear, hear.)
Sir M. W. RIDLEY stated that the saute feeling re-
specting these taxes prevailed in all pats of the country,
and if his Majesty's Government would pay some atten-
tio❑ to this subject, they would render more imme-
diate and effectual relief, than by the repeal of
any other tax.—(Hear, bear.) He hoped the Chancellor
of the Exchequer would see that it was his duty to give
his attention tirst to this subject, and repeal a tax which
pressed so heavily on th- industrious classes.
Mr. COBBETT said, that the house and window-tax
did not press so heavily on the industrious classes as some
others he could name, but it was more odious on ac.
count of its great partiality—its great and notorious
partiality. The burdens were heavy enough in them-
selves; laws though severe might he just, but they could
not be just if partially administered. If any propo-
sition should be made to put money into the hands
of the King's servants on the vote for the supply, he
should make a statement which he thought would in-
duce the House to consider whether a change should not
I;e made in the manner of imposing the taxes. In some
instances the poor man paid forty times, and in
many instances ten times, as much as the rich,
and that was the great ground of complaint—the
poor man paying the taxes for the rich, who
received them. He, however, would do the Noble Lord
the justice to say that he did not believe the Noble Lord
was aware of the very grievous manner in which the
taxes were imposed.
An How. MEstraErt, whose name we could not learn,
said the house and window taxes were more degrading
than any other tax, and he was quite sure that many
persons who kept large establishments found means to
evade the payment of taxes, and throw the burden of
them on the middling and lower classes.
Mr. JOHN PENTON (we believe) presented a peti-
tion from Rochdale, for the abolition of tithes, and for the
repeal of the duties on malt and soap.
Mr. WALSH brought in a Bill for holding the Sum-
mer Assizes for the county of Suffolk, at Ipswich.—lt
was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time
on the 27th February. .

Sir EARDLEY WILMOT presented a petition from
Atherstone, in the county of Warwick, complaining of
the system of the Poor Laws.
On the motion of Mr. HUi\IE, a motion which he made
last session, for a return of the amount of all sinecures where
the offices are performed by deputy in England, Scotland,
and Ireland, was real and agreed to.
The HoN. GENTLEMAN then gave notice that to-mor-
row be would move for returns of all moneys belonging to
bankrupts' estates in the Bank of England, and for the
names of Council of the Governor of Jamaica, with a depo-
sition of the places they held.
Mr. ESTCOURT presented a petition from Tetbury,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath.
General PALMER presented a petition from the pa-
rishes of St. Peter and St. Paul in Bath, praying for the
abolition of the assessed taxes; also one from the overseers
and inhabitants of the parish of Walcott, in the county of
Suffolk, to the same effect.
Colonel LANGTON, Mr. KEMEYS TYNTE, and Mr.
ROEBUCK, supported the prayer of the petition. This
tax should he particularly repealed, because it mili-
tated against the public health, and because it pressed
most grievously upon the poor.
Mr. PLUMPTRE presented a petition from certain
freeholders in a place in Kent, " against nocturnal le-
gislation."—(A laugh.) The petitioners considered it
not only injurious to the health and comfort of the Mem-
bers of that House, but they considered earlier hours es-
sential to healthy and vigorous legislation.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY moved for certain returns rela-
tive to the locality and description of ecclesiastical
property charged with any rent, pension, stipend, or
other payment on leases ; specifying the probable num-
ber of acres, and the value thereof, and the customary
returns of renewal held under ecclesiastical bodies, either
for years or lives. He considered these returns as neces-
sary in connection with the subject under discussion last
night. They embraced a species of Church property as to
which no returns to the ecclesiastical commission had yet
been made.

Lord ALTHORP said that the object of the motion,
as far as he understood it, was quite unnecessary. The
Commissioners were appointed to inquire into the
Church revenues as applicable to the support of the
Church. The Honourable Gentleman wished to know
what was the estimated value of the property of the
Church, as at present applicable to private individuals
unconnected with the Church. It appeared to him
(Lord Alchorp) that such returns were not neces-
sary, at all events in connection with the subject
under discussion last night.—(Hear, hear.) If the
returns were granted it would be absolutely necessary to
have a valuation of all the Church lands, which would be
extremely operose and very expensive. Under theae
circumstances, as the returns would not be of
the slightest use, awl would interfere with the possession
of Church property by those in whose hands it had re-
mained for many generations, he felt himself bound to re-
sist the motion.
Lord STORMONT begged to ask the Chancellor of
the Exchequer, whether it was intended by his Majesty's
Government that the money to be raised by making Bi-
shops' leases perpetual, was to be applied to other than
to ecclesiastical purposes.
Lord ALTHORI replied that he should have thought
his own language, as well as that of his Right Hon. Col-
league last night bad been sufficiently clear upon this point.
The money which would be thus raised not being consi-
dered by him the property of the Church, he thought it
would be applicable to the purpose of the State, without
raising a question upon which he knew great difference of
opinion existed.
Mr. HAMMOND begged to ask the Noble Lotd whe-
