'extravagant. Why, then, we say, lotift-f%
the sources of these awful proceedings' earth
into those circumstances i ' land
which induce the people to illtilirßiteitesl"lt is
not surely the nature of Irishmen or of any other
people to murder wantonly, with some chance—
possibly not a great deal—of being hanged. But,
at least, when Ministers ask so much from Parlia-
ment—even a total surrender of the Constitution
into their hands—have not Parliament and the press
a right to call for an unequivocal statemeht of what
we are to get in return ? Is military law to be
eternal ? Then if not, remove those tendencies of
the peasant mind which, so long as they continue,
cannot fail to record themselves in letters of blood
and fire, the instant we lay aside again the power
of stifling the expression of them. As yet we
not that anything specific or effectual, save only the
abolition of the vestry cess, has been promised by
his Majesty's Ministers. Do they still fear the
House of Lords or the Court ? How inconceiTably
child ish.— Times.

The debate on the Bill for suppressing Distur-
bances in Ireland is again adjourned. It is under-
stood, however, that the debate will close to-night.
Mr. Barron, of Waterford, admitted that " murders
were committed now, but they were also committed
formerly. In fact, a state of things s'milar to that
which now existed had existed for the last seventy
years. Coercive measures had been frequently
tried, and they had always failed. The Insurrec-
tion Act had been renewed several times, and the
land had beet governed under it for many years."
This is the statement of an opponent of the Bill.
Let us hear the statement of a supporter of the Bill,
Mr. Emerson Tennant ---
" These additional powers were not all that was necessary tti
put down disturbances. No ; the groundwork of disturbanCe
in Ireland was poverty—(Hear, hear)—and predial agitatiod
paved the way for political agitation. The fiercest agitation
would fail of success, if they would only direct their attentimi
to this point. As it was, he found the people reckless front
want, and too ready to join in any scheme, however despe.
rate. Let them alleviate the condition of the Irish peasantry
—afford them opportunities of obtaining remunerative em-
ployment—snatch them from starvation—and give a legal
maintenance for the helpless and the infirm.—(General cheer-
ing.) Let them do this, and agitation would cease. But if
they did not do this, the reign of agitation would be perennial.
(Hear, hear, hear.) He regarded this measure as precau-
tionary, and not final."

It is thus admitted on all hands that the outrages
In Ireland are caused by the destitute condition of

the great body of the people. The competitinti for
land is such, that the landlord takes literally tliei
whole produce, and wretches are constantly driven
from their possessions, burning with desire to take
vengeance on those who have taken these poesese
sions over their heads. The case of the
detailed by Sir Robert Peel, was of this description.
The present Bill may produce what other Insurrec•
tion Acts have produced before a temporary cessa-
don from outrage. We admit this; but the com-
pression removed, the disease will again exhibit it-
self with more malignity than ever. Landlords may
for a time carry on their processes of clearing; that
is, consigning their thousands to destruction by fa-
mine and disease; and this will again be met by (n-
-ear ized outage and murder. In short, the condition
of Ireland seems to be a perpetual oscillation between
destruction under the law, and destruction above
the law. The landlord one day consigns his
thousands to destitution and despair ; this is
during the supremacy of the law; the next, a
sense of common calamity leads these victims
to the law to make victims of those whom
the landlord used as his instruments under the law.
The forced tranquillity under this Bill may be de-
scribed as merely a change of the mode of destruc-
tion, which will in due time be succeeded by that
which has been kept down by coercion. To all
those Members who vote for the Bill as the intro-
duction to a system of remedial mea,,tires going to
he bottom of the evil, we may observe, that the
Ministry have positively told us they do not intend
to propose any measures of that nature. To Sir
Robert Peel and all those who reproach Ministers
with fomenting disorders by concessions, we would
answer, that he and his party, by their long-conti-
nued resistance to measures they at length conceded,
as they said, not to justice, but to fear, impressed on
the Irish people the lesson that theycould only hope
o gain amelioration by agitation. The secret cause
of the dislike to the Bill which is beginning to ma-
nifest itself among the people of England is the fear
hat if agitation were mastered, all hope of further
concession must be abandoned. The sinecure
Church, that badge of the slavery of the nation,
would have remained for ever intact, but for agita-
tion. Agitation is an evil ; but sometimes evils are
olerated as a means of getting rid of greater evils.—
Morning Chronicle.
We find that the principle of the amendment of Mr.
Tennyson is not understood by several Members.
The preposition to postpone the Bill for short pe-
riods, until the House and the Uevernment shall be
persuaded as to the necessity for it, is the mildest
mode in which the Bill could be met.—lt enables
any gentleman to vote for it, without pledging him
for or against the Bill hereafter; and the Govern-
ment are the lust persons who ought to feel dissa-
tisfied with it, except, indeed, on the ground that it
is calculated, if rightly understood—which they have
endeavoured to prevent—to induce Members inclined
tosup
on this sub
je
portthemtotant Ate aany rate, having middle and dispassionate
beenais)sionate
course
proposed, there is no alternative but to vote for it,
or support the first reading; and they who object
to that, must prefer voting for delay to this alterna-
tive. Those who feel objections which would at
once lead them to throw the Bill out of the House
without any further consideration will of course see
the prudence of subduing the violence of those ob-
jections for the moment, rather than adopt the ano-
malous course of voting for the first reading of this
Bill, merely because the amendment is not suffi-
ciently decisive. After this question is disposed of,
the Bill may he met by opposition of a more direct
kind.—Morning Chronicle.

UNWHOLESOME FOOD.—M. CHEVALIER,
of Paris, lately met with an instance in which six persons,
in two different families, after having partaken of sausages,
were seized with alarming symptoms, such as long-con-
tinued vomiting, acute pain in the bowels, and severe
purging. Suspicion of poisoning having arisen, the food
was subjected to a chyrnical analysis, but without leading
to the detection of any deleterious agent. The mischief,
therefore, is supposed to have arisen from the spontaneous
changes which such articles undergo if badly prepared, or
kept too long. M. LABAKAACQUE taw tie same effects
result last summer from eating a pi* which had been
purchased at a cook-shop, and kept only four days after.
Minute examination led to the detection of no copper or
other mineral poison. A still more remarkable illustration
of the bad effects of certain kinds of food, which have un-
dergone certain changes not yet well explained, is related
by Dr. PAULUS, of Sulz. Seven persons who ate some
Italian cheese were taken ill with violent disorder of the
stomach and bowels ; three of them died.—Medical Gaz.
SIR WALTER SCOTT.—Mr. GOTT, of
Armley-house, near Leeds, has a most interesting memento
ul this great man, viz., a picture by WILLIAM ALLAN of
the bard, with eleven or twelve of his literary and scientific
contemporaries regaling in the dwelling of the Ettrick
Shepherd, after a two days' trout-fishing amongst the
mountains. The interior presents a perfect specimen of a
Scottish cottage, the spell against witchcraft not being
forgotten. The guests, who are all attired, in !vatic cos-
tume, ate seated round the table. Professor WlLsosr (we
think) has risen to propose the host's health, and is in the
act of reading an apt passage from the " Queen's Wake."
The poet, evidently somewhat embarrassed at the compli-
ment, has thrown himself back in his chair, and, half-
smiling, scratches his bead, and seems to say, "Oh ! I
cannot deserve all this." We never saw finer discrimi-
nation in any figure, or one that worked out a sentiment
so clearly. Sir WALTER, with his hands joined within
each other, is regarding his friend with a fixed and affec-
tionate, and we had almost said tearful, interest, that is
delightfully rendered. All the great men who have shed
such a lustre on the northern metropolis during the last
quarter of a century are introduced, each one having eat
,or his portrait. Independent of these interesting citcutm.
..o. It
fourteen
was, ,r
stances it is a charming picture as a mere work of are,
saenndt fully
him
llysuptpoorthtse ofthseohrtighehrnreEpuxthaitbilnsome A
turt
ALLAN.
fifteen }ears ago, and there purcba.ed by its pre•ont pis-
hesumoftwohundriedguineas. f
Sit N Vlt:isAlLiTtEa
dd
c4ilusihor t b
likefore t
o see it
engraved. Tle portrait
t surpassed for truth and identity.
I
