SOUTHWARK ELECTION.-(KR ROOT. WILSON.)

Yesterday a body of the Electors of South-
wark, to the number of 300, dined at the Horns Tavern, Ken.
nington, to celebrate the election of Sii ROBERT WILSON as
the Representative of the Borough of Southwark. It had been
advertised that Mr. LAMBTON would take the Chair, but he
was absent on account of indisposition, and Mr. Alderman
WOOD supplied his place as Chairman.
After dinner the following toasts were proposed and drank
with three times three :—' The King"---" The sovereignty of
the people"—" A speedy and effectual reform of the House of
Commons",-" Sir Robert Wilson, land may the spirit he has
evinced in the cause of freedom lead to the destruction of Bour-
bon tyranny."
The CHAIRMANI next proposed as a toast
." Lord Erskine
and the trial by Jury."
Lord Ensxner rose amidst loud cheering to retire thanks
for the honour which had been conferred upon him. He ex-
pressed his opinion of the necessity of a reform in the system of
representation, and his abhorence of the Bourbon aggression on
Spain, and said that he was glad to have an opportunity of de-
claring his sentiments upon those subjects, because he felt he
bad not long to live, and that his public life indeed might be
said to be at an end. He felt honoured in having his name
coupled with " trial by Jury :" it was the highest compliment
that could be paid him.
Mr. WETHERSTONE, after complimenting Mr. Lambton
for his zealous attention to the interests of the Borough of
Southwark, in the absence of his friend Sir R. Wilson, pro-
posed the health of" John George Lambton, Esq. the zealous
and undaunted friend of public liberty."—Drank with three
times three, and loud cheering.
The following letter from Mr. Lambton to Mr. Wether-
stone explaining the cause of his absence, was then read to the
Meeting :
" Cleveland-row, June 26.
"My dear Sir,—lt is with deep regret that I have to an-
nounce to you my total inability to attend the Southwark
dinner this day, in consequence of a severe indisposition,
which has confined me to my room since Friday last. I did
not give up the hope of being able to go, until the last moment;
but I now find it quite impossible. This is a severe disappoint.
mem, as I had anxiously looked for this opportunity of proving
to the Electors of Southwark how highly I value their exertions
in the cause of independence, and how willing I am to contri-
bute any slight services which it may be in my power to render
in furtherance Of that important object.
"I had also anticipated the greatest pleasure in witnessing
their cordial approbation of the step taken by my gallant friend
Sirß. Wilson—a step which not only they, his constituents, must
approve of and admire, but which entitles him to the respect
and gratitude of every lover of libeity and national independ.
eine& It was sufficient for him to know, that the strong
and powerful of the Continent were all arrayed against the weak
and defenceless ; that the time was come when it was to' be dc.
cided whether liberty and knowledge or slavery and mental
debasement, were to rule' the earth--whether the legitimate revi
were to be allowed with impunity to tyrannize over, imprison;
and murder, the enslaved many. It was sufficient for him to
know, that for these purposes the Botabons were about to over-
run
Spain, destroy her representative system, annihilate her
free institutions, and re-establish a despotism foUnded in ignor.,
ante and superstition.
" It was then that lie felt that delay would be a crime of the
greatest magnitude against the principles which he entertained
ih common with his constituents. At great personal sacrifice of
convenience and foitune, he left England ; his very landing on
the shores of Spain was productive of the most beneficial conse-
quences; and all who:knew his military talents; his extratirtli:
nary bravery, his unbending; determination, his energy, and ac-
tivity, must anticipate, as I do, a series of actions, which will not
only confer honour on him but on his country of whose wishet
and sentiments he is the true representative. 'Vali regard to the
cause in which lie is' embarked, I need only repeat my firm be.
lief that it must ultimately be victorious;. I.care not for tem;
forary success—the French armies may extend themselves
rom the PYrenees tothe walls of Cadiz—they may corrupt the
weak and the base, . In which every country abounds,. and with
these materials form regencies and issue boasting proclama-;
tions : still their work of subjngation is not the less distant
front its final completion. The unconquerable; never-dying
spirit of liberty may be smothered for the moment, but a spark
will always remain from which Spanish valour and patriotism
will raise a flame which must eventually consume their oppres-
sors. Requesting you once more to convey my sincere regrets
to the Meeting, 1 beg leave to subscribe myself,.
Yours, very truly,
"JOHN GEORGE LAMBTOX."
" George Wetherstone' Ego:"
The reading of the above letter was followed by great applause.
Sir F. Hurdett'a health was next drank with the most lively:
marks of approbation, as was also that of Mr. Hohhouse.
Mr. HonirousE said lie wan proud to hear his name men-
tioned with approbation by so respectable an assembly. He
he mtis
At find (atilt --it
Lit
rwdaos Edrsiaktin in e
then allitiled to the observations which had fallen from Lord
which
dress
Erskine, and observed, that thereribiecnhdh'se a was one lan of his Noble
talkedwi dying.abthwolulitch
could never die.,--(Applatise.)—The strenuous exertions of
his Noble Friend. on behalf of liberty, were as immortal as
the genial, which gave birth to• them'. Let not that Noble
Lord think, that when the cote neon fate which awaits all men,
should have placed him by the side of the great indivi-
duals who had gone before rum, his name would be con-
signed to oblivion. It Was natural upon the present occa-
sion to advert to the struggle now going on in Spain, in which
their Gallant Representative had gene to take a part. He
•saw no cause to despair of the triinuph of freedom in Spain.--
appiause.)— Against that conntry was arrayed the mbar for-
midable confederation that had ever attempted to trample on
the liberties of mankind. Besides open foes, the Spaniards had
also to' contend against pretended friends!--(Applattse.)—lie
blushed to think that lie was' addressing an assembly of a
people whose Government, instead of placing itself as it ought,
in the vanguard of independence, had chosen to put itself in the
rear of despotism. He would repeat, that he saw no reason
to despair of the success of the Spaniards. It was, however, a
fortunate circumstance that there were 200,000 teen in Spain
who were compeomised by their exertions in the cause of liberty
--who knew that if tyranny were restored, there would be no
pardon. for them. They would exhibit no apathy, and if the
bulk of the population were at present so infatuated. as
not to perceive their best interests, they would soon be awakened
to a sense of them by the inconveniences to which they
would be subjected by the invading army.--(Applause.)-..
After some further observations,- the Hon. Gentleman con.
eluded, by thanking the Meeting for the honour which they
conferred upon him.
Ttie healths of Mr. Hume, M.P. ; Mr. S. Whitbread, :M.P.;
Mr. J. Williams, M.P. ; and Mr. Alderman Wood, 1%1.P.,
were successively drank. Each of the above-named Gentlemen
addresaed the Meeting, but the want of space prevents us from
reporting their observations.
-The CHAIRMAN left the room about ten o'clock.
