TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The Letter to the Earl of LIVERPOOL contains such heal
Charges against persons in public situations in that town,
that it cannot properly be inserted in a Public Journal. It' '
and its contents, will therefore be left at our Office, de.
ducting the expence of postage (Or so large an article.
The Letter front ALBERT is received, and shall soon be ill°
serted. We shall be glad of the Lines he mentions.
We hope our respectable Correspondent, TEttax Fitaus) Will
excuse our postponing his Letti:r till To-worrow.
•
MARINE PIUSERVOTIVL TO-LOWToW, •

MAILS.
AantvED—l Guernsey and Jersey, 2 Flanders. DUE—Q /Ca°
terturJ, 1 Hullaud, o Ciuttenburgli, I Malta, 3 HambWlP'

PRICE tie STOCKS
THIS DAY AT rtvEt.vE o'ci.ocx.
Pank Stock 2qoj 1 Bank L. Ann 20 15-16 the
3 per Cent. Red . Sliiii India Bonds.:.. 1063. 10Ss• Pr'
3 per Cent. Cons - 8014$i Exch. 8i115...... 19s. 28s. 1,0';
4 per Cents 994 4 Cons.for Account el ill
.5 per Cent. Nary Ann.. 104.1
HIGH

41C; WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE To.momtoisr%,
Morning, 7 minutes after 2. Evening, 32 minutes after "`

THE SUN.

SOLEM (,LUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDLAT ?

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1818.

We received this morning the Paris Parrs'of
Sunday last. The following are extracts :

" CIIAMI3EIt OF DEPUTIES, JAN. 17.

" A petition from the Religieux in the Depart
ment of Lozere, praying the restoration of the
whole of their pensions, was, after some observs.
lions from M. Brune 'de Villeret, respecting tile
distress of this class of individuals, owing to the
reduction of their pensions, ordered to be re'
(erred to the Minister of the Interior.

" The discussion on the Projet respecting the
recruitment of the army was resumed.
•
" Biguen supported the Projet, but objected
to fixing permanently the amount of the levy, CO"'
tending thiit it ought to lie annually voted, likg
the Budget. . .

" M. de Cardonnel opposed the Projet, on t"
ground of its being contrary 10 tive Constitutional
Chatter and the Royal Prerogative.
"M. Camille Jordan spoke in favour of
Projet, the object of which was to form an aria)?
truly Royal and National. Ile proceeded t°
serve upon the. speech of M. de Snlaberry) who'
he said, seemed to suppose thEit ihe'GkiVernalCiitt
with the King at its bead, was engaged in a CO0"
spiracy against Legitimacy.

" M. de Salaberry—l (lid not say that.

"M. Camille Jordan=—Or rafter a conspirocf
against certain rights, which certain men ch()°4
to consider as alone legitimate. He eonclotfra
by supporting the Proiet, but on the icoatfititi
'
that the amount of force should be anntl4l f
voted.

The discussion wai adiournel till Mllondai•

" PAais, 4N. 18.—A grand ball was b'e'en
last night by the Duke and Duchess de Berry, at tbe
Palace l'Elysoe. Me number of invitations we°
120,

" Christophe continues to inspire. so much
terror in Saint Domingo, that many -of 11
subjects prefer emigrating, and living in slavery
amongst the Spanish Royalists, or joilii"
the insurgents. A Mulatto, escaped from th,e
Cape, related to an inhabitant of Martinique,
has communicated them, several recent traits of
cruelty on the part of Christophe. - A ,Captsill
of an United States vessel, who was loatiinS
merchandise at the Cape, was obliged r°
leave near the 'Arsenal twenty-eight bags °
coffee,which the Douaniers would not let him OW
bark, on the pretext of its being too late, fl ;l
they were placed in the 'care of the Oiliecris 0
guard at the adjoining station. The next mom'
ing seven of the bags were missing.. The Pool' "
niers denied all knowledge of them, as (lid the
Officers and soldiers at the Fott, The latter,
however, having had the care' of them, Christoph4l
had them instantly shot. He lately sent tw?
Deputies to Petion on a secret negociation ; fear--
ing that on their return they would divulge their
mission, he sent a man of colour, his confidant,
to obtain from them the answer they bad received
from Petion. Having got the answer, he two no"
fortunate Deputies were shoe. Christophe then
began to suspect that - his confidant would betraf
hire, and making a sign to his satelli!es, the 'At..
ter was also immediately shot.

" Friday M. Robert Lefevre, first Painter of
the Cabinet and the Chamber, had the honour Of
presenting to the King a new Portrait of Ili°
Mjes!y; whit!) is destined for the British Am-
,
bass,li!or.

"In the ease of tie Sielr Scheirer, the Tri-
bona of Correctional Police heard on Friday bis

•
•

THEATRICAL REGISTER. 1;
Performed Last Night.
THEATRE ROYAL, Diien7-LANE.—The Belle's Stratagem
Doricourt, Mr. Stanley; Letitia Hardy, Miss Sulithsa"
Alter which, Harleginu s Vision.
THEATitE, 11.05 AL, CovENT-GrAttnEN.—Guy Manncring: Henry
Bertram, Mr. Braliain ; Lucy Bertraw, Mrs. Garrick. At.
• ter which, Harlequin Gulliver.

0.0
,

!wt.!
It,
de'

m
LL
