PUBLIC CHARITIES.

Mr. HARVEY moved for returns of which he had given
notice relative to information filed by the Attorney-General
relative to public charities.—Ordered.
The LORD ADVOCATE postponed his motion for
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the lan• of Scotland, in mat-
ters relating to bankruptcy, till Monday.
On the motion of Mr. SLANEY, the names of Mr. Clay
and Mr. Ackland were substituted for those of Mr. Joh❑
Parker and Mr Eastcourt, on the Education Committee.
Mr. W. ATT\VOOD moved for a return of the quan-
tity of [leer and Ale imported from the Isle of Man into the
port of Whitehaven, in the years 1834, 1835, 1836, and 1837.
Ile wished to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if Govern-
ment had taken any steps to counteract the effect of the order.
Mr. BARING having replied in the affirmative,
Mr. ATT WOOD declared himself perfectly satisfied.
JOINT STOCK BANKS.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER post-
poned the motion of which he had given notice for the
re-appointment of the Committee on Joint Stock Banks, to
Monday next.
Mr. HUME wished to know how this motion could come
on, on Monday. There were several other notices before it,
and as the subject was one of very great importance, he hoped
that the Right Hon. Gentleman would fix some day when it
eiuld be fully discussed. He intended to move an amendment
upon the motion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, was not
aware that there would have been any difficulty with respect
to the re-appointment of the Committee. As, however, the
Hon. Member had declared his intention of opposing it, he
would fix the motion for to-morrow, with a view to its further
post ponement.
Sir ROBERT PEEL said that the evidence was now
nearly completed, and it would he a great advantage to the
public if the subject could be now brought to a close.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thanked
the Right Hon. Baronet for his suggestion, and stated that it
was precisely the course he meant to pursue. It was his in-
tention to have confined his examination to those two points.
If they went over the points on which they had already taken
evidence, they would not only undertake a very need-
less task, but one lull of inconvenience.—( Hear, hear.)
Gentlemen would, therefore, understand that in proposing
the revival of the Committee, it was only to consider those
points on which no evidence had been taken, and not for the
puNsie of going over the grounds on which so much evidence
had already been laid before the House.
The House adjourned at twenty minutes before Six.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Minim 8.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his scat on the Woolsack at
Five o'clock.
Lord WYNFORD presented a petition from Rye, praying
for an alteration in the Poor-law Amendment Act.
Lord REDE SD ALE presented a petition frvm the Guar-
dians of the Union of Runcorn, in reference to the Poor-law
Amendment Act ; also a petition from the Mayor, Aldermen,
and Burgesses of the city of Norwich, praying that the duties
on Fire Insurances might he repealed.
Earl STANHOPE presented a petition from Huddersfield,
praying for more effectual protection under the Ten Hours'
Factory Bill ; also a petition from an individual in Hereford,
praying for a repeal of the New Poor-law Amendment Act ;
a petition from a parish in the West Riding of Yorkshire to
the same effect, and likewise a similar petition from the Vestry
of St. Pancras.

The Bishop of LONDON presented two petitions against
certain clauses in the Landlord's Estate Bill.

Earl STANHOPE gave notice of his intention to move on
this day week for certain returns in reference to the New
Poor-law Amendment Act.
SPANISH LEGIONS.

Lord WYNFO RD wished to ask the Noble Viscount op-
posite if any steps had been taken to obtain justice for the poor
men who were wandering about the streets in starvation, and
who had belonged to the Spanish Legion.
Lord M E L BO U RNE said there had been two legions; one
that had expired in June, 1837, and the other consisting of those
men who had chosen to re-enter into the Spanish army. The men
of the first legion who chose to come home, had all been brought
home, and received their pay up to the day when they had been
discharged ; they had received marching money likewise ac-
cording to the rates of the British service, but they had not yet
received theirgrattity consisting of certain months pay which was
due to them. All pensions and payments due to widows had
also been paid up to the periods to which they were due.
This all related to the private men. With respect to the
officers of the first Legion a very considerable amount was due
to them. They claimed about 90,0001. Their accounts, however,
had not been very clearly kept, and there was a difference be-
tween their claim and the amount considered to be due by the
Spanish Government. But a Commissioner from the Spa-
nish Government was very soon to join Commissioners be-
longing to the English Army in London, for the purpose
of adjusting those claims ; and the Spanish Government
had promised in the meantime to make payment on account.
The men of the second Legion had not returned home yet,
though that Legion might be considered as broken up,
with the exception of one or two small corps ; and it was
expected they would be settled with, both in reference to
their pay and marching money, in the same way as the others had
been. He (Lord M.) could assure the Noble Lord that the
best efforts of her Majesty's Min'sters had been incessantly
exerted with the Spanish Government to obtain for those
men that which was their due, and those exertions
should be continued till their claims were liquidated.
Everybody knew the unfortunate circumstances under which
that Government laboured; indeed, that the whole of the
operations of the war had been crippled from want of money,
and therefore it was not to be wondered at that some delay
should have taken place in the settlement of the claims of
those men.

Lord RIPON was glad to infer, from what the Noble
Viscount had said, that at all events it would be impossible to
conceive that from the Order in Council the Spanish Legion
could again be renewed ; but still it did not appear that
those poor men had anything in satisfaction of their
claims but the promise of payment from the Spanish
Government, which was quite incompetent to perform that
promise. Perhaps the Noble Viscount would state what
amount of gratuity was due to the men, as from that the
House would be able to judge more accurately of what their
chance was from the financial condition of act Spanish Go-
ernment, which was carrying on a quasi loan.
Lord MELBOURNE said he could not state that.
ESTABLISHED CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.

Lord BROUGHAM had a petition to present on a subject
which was of the very highest importance to the people of the
northern part of this island, and to which he begged to call
the attention of her Majesty's Government.—( Hear,
hear.) The petition was signed by forty-one thousand
inhabitants of Glasgow and its vicinity, and he regarded it as
one of the most important that had ever been presented to
either House of Parliament on any subject. On various oc-
casions the petitioners had represented to the House the in-
justice and impoliey of all civil distinctions on religious
grounds, and especially they had pressed upon Parliament the
injustice of taxing people of one religious persuasion to pay
for the religious instruction of those of a different faith.
They had heard that applications had been made to the
House for the grant of increased endowments to the Established
Church in Scotland, and they most humbly prayed the House
to reject such proposal, from whatever quarter it proceeded,
and from whatever source the additional endowment was pro.
posed to be derived. The Noble and Learned presented a
similar petition from Paisley, signed by upwards of two
thousand persons, and agreed to at a meeting at which the
Provost presided. The industrious manufacturing population
fiom which these petitions came were amongst the most re-
ligious portion of the people of Scotland, who were dis-
tinguished for religion
ever since the introduction of
Christianity into this island. He (Lord B.) had been urged
by the deputies from the Scotch Dissenters to ascertain the
intention of the Government on this subject. But as
four months of Parliament had already passed away, and
nothing had been done respecting it, or indeed anything
else, except to discourage the people of Canada, and to en-
courage slavery, he would fain hope that nothing would be
done on the subject this Session.
Lord MELBOURNE said that on the Noble and
Learned Lords' showing. the subject was neither postponed nor
abandoned, but was part positioni with all others.—( A laugh.)
Some years ago, the Noble and Learned Lord had presented
a petition from the Church of Scotland on this subject, and
had recommended that it should be taken into the serious con-
sideration of the Government. All he (Lord M.) could now
say was, that the subject was under the consideration of the
Government.

Lord BROUGHAM said he was truly happy to hear,
that among other important subjects, along with the
recommendations of the Noble Duke (Wellington) on the
sl toe-trade, the subject of Scotch Church accommodation
was " under the consideration of the Government," and
about the time perhaps of the Greek Kalends the decision
of the Government would be announced.—( A laugh.)
As to the petition which lie had presented from the Church
of Scotland, he had expressed no opinion upon it ; neither had
he on the present occasion expressed any positive opinion. Ile
thought it due, however, to the petitioners that they should re-
ceive the attention of the Government.
Lord ABERDEEN said petitions had not this session
been presented in favour of the proposed grant, b,
cause it was believed in Scotland that the propriety of the
grant was not only under the consideration, but the favourable
consideration of the Government. Last Session many such
petitions had been presented.
The Earl of HADDING TON believed that if the inhabi-

tants of Scotland wore polled on this question, I
would be in favour of the grant.
NEGRO SLAVERY.
Lord BROUGHAM presented petitions praying for the.
abolition of Negro Slavery, from Barnsley, Bovey, Tracy,
lialifax, Bruton Horne, Westmoreland, Derby, Leicester,.
places in Lincolnshire, and Montgomeryshire, Chepstow,
Wallingdon, St. Austin's, Long Sutton, Marsh, and other
places in Cambridgeshire, Praslin, and other places in Rad-
norshire, Barnstaple, New Lanark, two petitions from Ar-
broath, Bradford, Shafto, Rotherham, Bentley, Armthorpep
Sutton and Aston, and several other places in Yorkshire,
1,898 inhabitants of Huddersfield, 1,554 inhabitants of
Doncaster, Lexborough, Grantham, Ticket!, Macclesfield,
Bath, Gomersall, and several places in Northamptonshire.
The Noble Lord also presented petitions from Rox-
burgh, Kelso, and Irvine, against any further endow-
ments to the Church of Scotland. The Noble Lord
also presented a petition from the Operative Carpen-
ters, of Marylebone, praying for a mitigation of the
sentence upon the Glasgow cotton spinners. He would now
repeat what he said several times before, that though it was
legal to combine for the keeping up the rate of wages, yet that
it was illegal to interfere by threat or otherwise to make
thlsc combine who did not choose to do so.

ie majority

. _
The Earl of BUTE presented a petition from Glasgow,
complaining of a great want of Church accommodation in that
city. The Noble Marquis then presented a petition from
Leith, praying for the immediate abolition of the Apprentice-
ship system.
Lord M INTO said the returns which on a former occasion
he Lad :greed to, relative to Negro Slavery, the vessels em-
p!nyed in the service, Sec., would be so much more extensive
than he had anticipated, that it would be impossible to
produce them within the present Session, and when the
Noble and Learned Lord (Lord Brougham) appeared
in the House again (his Lordship having► left it for a short
time) he (Lord M.) should move that the order be re•

scinded
PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS AND FREEMEN
BILL.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, in moving. the second
reading of this Bill, explained that the object of it was in no
respect to alter the principle of the Reform Bill, but simply
to introduce one or two slight changes in some of the pro-
visions of it. It consisted only of two provisions, by the first
of which it was proposed that after the elector had once re-
gistered his name upon the list of voters, the period for the
payment of rates and taxes due up to the sth of April in every
year, should be extended from the 20th of July to the 11th of
October. By the second provision, it was proposed that the
small amount of stamp duty hitherto paid by freemen, upon
taking up their freedom, should for the future be abolished.
The Duke of 'WELLINGTON observed, that it was the
du'y of the House, in dealing with such a Bill as that then
before them, to consider what had been the general vrork-
ing of the Reform Act, and to be careful that no alteration
should be introduced which should have the effect of ex-
tending the democratic nature of that measure. The first
provision of the Bill now proposed amounted, in point of
fact, to a remission of six months in favour of voters who
wished to register. That was a proposition which ought not
to be sanctioned by their Lordships, except after a long and
careful consideration ; because it appeared to him that the
effect of it would be to introduce an inferior class of voters.
It was to be remembered that since the passing of the Re"'
form Bill a great part of the tax upon houses had been taken
off, and that the poor-rates in most parts of the country bad
been greatly reduced. The qualification of the 10/. house-
holder, therefore, was not now so high as it was when the
Reform Act became the law of the land ; and if that quali-
fication should be further diminished by extending the pericgl
for the payment of rates and taxes from three months t°
six months, it was plain that a class of voters would be in-
troduced infinitely inferior to those to whom the Franchise
was limited by the Reform Act. He could not think that
there was any pretence whatever for the adoption of such
proposition as that contained in the first Clause of the Bill
then before them. A Noble Lord, whom he did not that
see present, had warned their Lordships upon a precious
occasion against the danger of admitting a nearer eV;
proach to democracy. He (the Duke of Wellington) won"'
now warn their Lordships that if they once took the step n°,l"l
suggested to them—however inconvenient or injurious it might
afterwards prove to be—retreat would be impossible. 1-I_,
would recommend them, therefore, not to pass the Bill ; and
with that view he should move as an amendment that it be
read a second time that day six moths.
The Earl of RADNOR defended the Bill, and denied the
accuracy of the Noble Duke's arguments. The Reform Bill
gave the franchise to the 101. householder ; the Bill now pro-
posed continued it in tho hands of the 10/. householder!
therefore it could not be contended that the effect of the Bill
would be to diminish the respectability of the persons admitted
to the franchise. If the Noble Duke's argument were sound
it would amount to this, that as taxation was dimini,he-The
respectability of the persons who paid it diminished also. .
simple object of the Bill was to allow a short additional period
to voters to register. It could not be contended that this
would lower the standard of respectability, or that it icoull
make any nearer approach to democracy. Justice requireel
that such a Bill should pass.
The Earl of HADDINGTON contended that the inten-
tion of the Reform Act was not to give the franchise to the
101. householder, merely upon the ground that he occupied a
house of the yearly value of 101. The real object of that Act
was by a combination of house rent to a certain given amount,
and of the payment of rates and taxes within a certain given
period, to secure a certain degree of respectability in the
class of persons admitted to the franchise. The effect of the
Bill now proposed would be to defeat that object of the Re-
form Act, by the admission of a class of persons who were con-
stantly varying in circumstances, in indepeadenee, and, speak-
ing in a political sense, in respectability. Their Lordships
should remember, that a measure like the present would by
no means satisfy the expectations of those who were anxious
for a further extension of the suffrage. If the effect of this
Bill should be to increase the number of persons entitled to
vote, and at the same time not to increase but to diminish the
respectability of the voters, those who wished their Lorrllb,iPs
to go further would have a strong ground to stand upon i des
mending ulterior measures. lie hoped, therefore, that their..
Lordships would not assent to the second reading of this Bill
The LORD CHANCELLOR maintained that the only
object of the Bill now proposed was to carry out the intention
of the Reform Act. The Reform Act gave the franchise to a
certain class of householders, and as a test of respectability re-
quired that they should pay their rates and taxes withini
given time. The time so given was shorter than the per
allowed by the usual practice of the country for the pane,
of rates and taxes, and the consequence was that many person
of the highest respectability found themselves, from mere '9;
advertance, disfranchised. It was simply to correct that es'
that the present Bill was introdnced.
The Earl of HA RRO WBY could not sympathise with
those who found themselves disfranchised front; mere inadver,
tence. It was a maxim in England that every man was bound
to know the law. He opposed the measure as one of a Berle
of innovations on the Reform Bill.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE briefly replied.
The Duke of RICHMOND supported the Bill. He "ei4
a borough in which 40 or 50 most respectable voters wou
have been struck off if they had not discovered in time that
they were disqualified. He did not know what was th°
practice at the Conservative Club, but at White's, Brookes?,
and Boodle's a whole year was given to members to pay thcir
arrears before they were expelled.—(A laugh.)
Lord ALVANLE 1' opposed the Bill. It was the CO'I"
mencement of a system of inroads on the Reform Bill.
The Duke of RICHMOND explained.
Their Lordships then divided :
Present. Proxies.
For the Amendment ... 67
Against it

Majority 65
The Bill is consequently lost.
At a quarter past seven the House adjourned.

WEDDING HASTE.—Yesterday, at the hour ar
pointed for solemnising marriages, an ardent couple presented
themselves before the minister at Sculcoates Church, to tie 016
knot indissoluble, when a fact was discovered, of which they
appeared to have no idea—banns had been published but
twice! The loving but disappointed pair were consequentlT
obliged to wend their way back in single blessedness, and
wait until some three or four more tedious days should be ac-
complished.—Hull Advertiser.

---,
SILVER TEA AND COFFEE SERVICES.
Cottage Pattern. Melon Pattern. King's Pattern,
Tea Pot _EI) 15 0 £ll 5 0 £l2 0 0
Sugar Basin 6 0 0 6 6 0.
Milk Ewer. 4 0 0... 4 4 0 5 10 CI,
Coffee Pot.. 13 13 0 l3 13 0.........0...........15 0 u
The same strongly Plated, with Silver Edges. 3 io 0
Tea Pot .... 2 10 0 2 18 0
Sugar Basin 2 4 0 . 2 8 0 214 °
Milk Rwer. . 1 16 0.. ...... ... 2 0 0 2 4 0
Coffee Pot.. 2 18 0 3 0 0 3 19 °
The ground floor, also the first, second, and third floors, are fitted
up as Show Rooms. Selections may be made from a most exten-
sive variety of Silver and Plated Manufacture.
A Pamphlet with a detailed list of prices and drawings of varietl
articles, and also with drawings of the above services, may be had
gratis, or will be sent in answer to post-paid application.
T. COX SAVORY, Working Goldsmith, Silversmith, and
Watchmaker, 47, Cornhill, London (Seven Doors from Grace'
church-street)
_........,

BIRTHS.
At Rotterdam of twin Ms, the lady of James Laming, FA' ,t
On the 3d inst., at Vauxhall, the lady of John R. F. BUrnel
Esq., of a daughter.
On the 2d inst., in Albion-street, Hyde-park, Mrs. Richard
Onslow, of a son.
On the 2d inst., at Hampstead, the lady of D. S. Boekett,
of a daughter.

MA RR TED.
On the Ist inst„ at St. Botolph's, Alders ate-street, Mr. Wm',
Byfield, of Colchester, to Ann Carthew ltowle, second daughter of
the late Wm. Rowle, 'Esq., attorney-at-law, Liskeard, Cornwall.

DIED.
On the 3d inst., in Sloane-street, Arthur Downes, Esq., aged 82.
On the 20th ult., at Walthatustow, Miss Cass, many years a resi-
dent in Whitechapel.
On the 26th ult., at Old Swinford, Worcestershire, aged 88,
Susannah, relict of Overs Bate, Esq., founder of the Stourbridge
Old Bank.
On the 2d inst., aged 12 months, Emily Mosely, daughter of W.
F. Channel], Esq.
On the 27th ult., aged 22, Jane, third daughter of Wm. Hood
liemmans, Esq., of Charlotte -row, Walworth.

London: Printed and Published by MURDO YOUNG, of No.
112,. Strand, at The Sun Office, No. 11", Strand, in the eouu I
cf Middlesex. --Friday, March 9, 1E438.

I

I
