THE ENGLISH CONSTITUTION.

(Prom the Morning Chronicle.)
Every one who is able to think for himself,
and has considered with any attention the Con-
stitution of this country, must be aware, that the
threefold division of King, Lords, and
,Com-
mons, exists more in name than in reality. In-
deed, it has been demonstrated long ago, that
were the British Constitution in reality what it
is in theory stated to be, a collision, would in-
stantly take place, and the country would be
thrown into confusion. The theory of balances
is an utter absurdity. It may be safely allowed,
that such a reform in Parliament as would make
the House of Commons the representative of
the people, and not for the greater part the no-
minees of the House of Lords, would annihilate
this last House. An Aristocracy and a Demo-
cracy cannot exist together in the same country.
Harmony is at present preserved by both Houses
being essentially one and the same, with this differ-
ence, that in the Lower House there is a slight
popular infusion, which by no means, however,
affects its determinations.

Harrington, whose theory is, that the state of
property in a country determines the character
of the ie overnment, observes, that " the lands in
possession of the Nobility and Clergy of Eng-
land till Henry VII., cannot be esteemed to have
overbalanced those held by the people less than
four to one ; whereas, in our days, the Clergy
being destroyed, the lands in possession of the
people overbalance those held by the Nobility,
at least nine in ten ;" and he endeavours to ac-
count in this way for the overthrow of the
Lords in the time of the civil war. A great
accession to the Peerage took place in the
reign of Charles the Second, but still in
King William's time Gregory King mattes
the number of Temporal Peers in England
only 160. At present the number of English
Peers is 323. But the monopoly of the Con-
stitution by the Peerage is not so much owing
to the additional property obtained by that body,
for their share of the rental of the country, sup-
posing each to pa&sess 8,000/. a year, woeid oat
exceed 21 minions a year: lait to the changes
which have taken piece in borough*, and if e
.
circumstances which.riave :nfueneed roost of the
recent elevations.. to'tl.,e :114, tie
when Harrington wretee . fry of the boronghe,
comparatively speaking,: eerie mate), aid thel
science of making property of 'thorn lrAll vit.)*
imperfectly understood. Yary aopott.art
coveries have, however, been made la Conesnu-
tional Science, since taxation sharpened the it,-
tellects of men ; and the rule is, whenever any
man obtains a property in many boroughs, to
transfer him to the House of Lards. In this
manner the House of Peers, being proprietor of
the House Of Commons, at least of the majority,
there never can be a co.nsion between the two
Houses, which are in reality one, distributed
for the sake of the convenience of a discussion,
uninfluenced by representatives ofpopular places,
into two places of assemblage. • Were this care
not observed of transferring the proprietors of
boroughs to the House of Lords, and thus giv-
ing the Peerage the nomination of the Com-
mons, a collision might take place between the
two Houses, in which case the House of Lords,
consisting almost exclusively of men 4‘ dandled
into Legislators," as Burke phrases it, would
undoubtedly go to the wall.
A very small share of the property of the
country, however, belongs to the High Aristo-
cracy, and we have thus a key to the profligacy
of that body. If we suppose the Peerage to
have two and a half millions of rental, we must
at the same time suppose that from incum-
brances the nett income is a great deal less.
Hence, the interest which the Aristocracy have
in the 'well being of the country, generally speak-
ing, is as nothing compared with their interest
in having a profuse expenditure out of the taxes
to share among them. Such men as the Dukes
of Buccleugh, Devonshire, and Northumber-
land ; the Marquess of Stafford ; or Earls Gros-
venor and Fitzwilliarn, whose estates are enor-
mous, lose more by the waste of the national
resources than they could gain, as their share
of the corruption. But it is otherwise with the
body of the Nobility. Besides the taxes, pro-
perly so called, a large-share of the tithes, which
are in reality a tax on the people, where the
trade in corn is not free, is bestowed according
to Parliamentary interest.
England presents the singular spectacle of an
assembly of men, necessarily the least able and
intelligent of the community, and possessed of a
small share of the property, regulating the opera-
tions of the-rest of the nation, and transferring
to themselves, ad libitum, the property and fruits
of all the other. classes. We cannot have a
better proof than-this of the strength of esta-
blished Government ;let there is no country in
the world in which there is so much energy and
skill. Were
any thing to disturb the esta-
blished order of things, and place the property,
-
talent and activity of the country iii opposition
to the possessors of political power, the latter
would be nothing in the collision. But the se-
cret of the strength of the Gosernment is, that
so long as property is tolerably secure, and there
is scope for the energy and activity of the corn-
niunity, the dissatisfaction with misgovernment
or misapplication of the public money will never
equal the interest which the great majority feel
theme elves to have in the preservation of tran-
quillity without which their operations would be
at a stand. The Government of England must,
therefore, blunder sadly, if it allow the present
state of things to be endangered.
At the Meeting of the British Catholic As-
social:ion on Monday, Mr. Quia observed, that
lie did not see how Emancipation could be af-
fected by Parliamentary Reform, as there was
already a majority in the House of Commons.
He does not seem to be aware of the identity of
the two Houses, and that though on one parti-
cular point a majority in the one may be ob-
tained without a majority in the other, the mei°-
rity is confined to that particular point, End the
property
hi the Lords of the Representation pre-
vents effect being t;lve" to the vete of tl-e
molts by other recaster!.e.
On the other has. 7 if
be carried till Parliament be reformed, -Arcs fear it
will be long enough before it De ca:lied..
is reform to be effected in a cf:u•!:.ty Like this? If
Government can only contrive to keep the expeL.
diture within the measure of the resources of the
nation, and do not, ivy provoking a diseased
argon, bring things to a crisis, they may continue
as stupid otherwise as they please, order will be
preserved. There is not a force of disinterested
and virtuous persons in the country to cope with
the force of those who have an interest in the,
existence of corruption.

.A letter from Puri!, states that Captain BLli,
the late husband of Mrs. IIILENa Bum! (now WELLEs-
pill), died on the 15th alt. at Valence, on hi* way to Nice.

HIGH WATER AT Los not; BRIDG TO-MORROW.
Morning ...56 minutes after 6. Eve;ling....27 minutes after 7,

TO CORRESPONDENTS,

The Letter of Mr. BRUCE, originally intended for the
Morning Herald, but subsequently adapted for the £'un,
will not do for us; Once for all, we beg to assure Mr.
BRUCE, that we have so wish to misrepresent him, nor
do we see why the public should be troubled with his
statements concerning himself only.

rifir '14'11701-4,4et
) )11
• $,

LONDON.
THURSDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 13, 1S h,

The Smyrna Courier of September '27,
gives the following singular account of what
took place in Greece during the embarkation
of the Egyptian army for Alexandria. It ap-
PeArs that a considerable number of Greek
; women, some of them children, insisted upon
, .tceompanying the Egyptians,. to the great embar-
rassment of the European Admirals, who endea-
voured to stop them, by telling them, but in vain,
that they were going into slavery. The truth
appears to be, that our acceptation of the word
" slave" has no reference to slavery in Egypt ;
or, at least, slavery is not considered in that
quarter in the same light as in England. We
fancy that slavery in the East is the same as in
the West Indies, but the Snzyrna Courier says
that it is not so. Women are always won by
kindness, and the Egyptians seem to have
ingratiated themselves so well into their good
graces as to induce many of them to leave
their country, and follow the stranger into a
foreign land. But the women are not singular
in this respect, if we m,t,• credit the amount
given by the above Journal. Out of six
hundred prisoners who were with the Egyp-
tian army, only eleven would accept their
liberty,—the others preferred Egypt to Greece,
and resolved to, accompany their masters!
The great similarity between the Turkish and
Greek manners is adduced as one argument for
this conduct, especially as relates to the women—
and with respect to the men, the same Paper ob-
serves, that in Turkey, a slave is only a servant,
whom his master employs in his domestic affairs,
and is obliged in return, to provide for all his
wants. The women, if they are handsome, are
slaves; as BRIWS teas in-the tent of ACHILLES;
and, in fact, slavery, as represented by HOMER,
gives the truest idea of what it now is.—
If all this be true, how much has not the cre-
dulity and the sympathy of Europe been abused
of late years with respect to certain transactions
in the East of Europe ! But we shall wait for
a confirmation of this business :

CERIGO, SEPT. 18.

A person worthy of credit, who was at Motion
while the measures for the evacuation of the Morea
were carrying into effect, relates that the greatest
embarrassment experienced by the Admirals of the
three Powers arose from a considerable number of
Greek women, who insisted on accompanying the
Egyptians. These were children who, having lost
their parents, had been adopted by some Agas and
officers of Ibrahim's troops, and would not leave
them. Lastly this example was followed by some
men, who positively declared they would go to Egypt.
All the Greek Chiefs, Haggi, Christo, Sisini,
Bec., whom Ibrahim kept prisoners at Modon, have
every reason to speak well of the treatment they.
received, and have been delivered up to the. Ad-
mirals, who sent them to Count Capo d'lstria.
It is affirmed that all the European officers who
were present at the evacuation were astonished that
the Greeks, whose liberty vas one of the conditions
of the arrangement, did not rush into the boats to
Egypt. Admiral sooner while many preferred going to
de Rigny kindly endeavoured to
dissuade them from this resolution, but they all per-
sisted in it, and as their decision could not but be
considered as voluntary, the Admirals-were obliged
to acquiesce, conformably to the convention of Alex-
andria.
If we consider, on the one hand, the unhappy
class to which these individuals belonged, and the
wretched existence that awaited them in Weeee~
and on the other the ease which they enjoyed under
the formal order of Ibrahim, to treat all the slaves
► of as enemies but as subjects of the Sultan; and if
we reflect, too, that the Turkish and Greek man-
ners hare some resemblance ith each other in the
treatment of women, we shall not be astonished at
this result, but we must expect to see all this exag-
gerated as usual, and these insulated acts of some
individuals treated as an offence to philanthropy ; the
only answer to this is, come and see.
The COUTritr de Sniyrne adds, " We have some
additional facts to communicate on this subject ; of
600 prisoners who were With the Egyptian army,
only eleven would accept their liberty, the others
preferred Egypt to Greece, and resolved to accom•
parry their masters."
The Courier then declaimS against those who

would blame the Admirals for not haring forced the
women and children to remain. "We shall be ac-
cused," it says, " of haring disfigured the account
of this remarkable scene, but we ask the officers of
all nations who hare been engaged during the War
in negotiating the ransom of slaves, whether they
have not always experienced the same difficulties
All the mistakes that people in Europe fall into on
this subject, arise from their mistaken notions
of the acceptation of the word slave ; they
think of the condition of the negroes in the
West Indies, whereas in Turkey, a slave is
only a servant, Whom his master employs in his
domestic affairs, and is obliged. in return to provide
for all his wants. The women, if they are hand-
some, are slaves, as Briseis was in the tent of Achil-
les; and, in fact, slavery, as represented by Homer,
gives the truest idea of what it now is."

The Swabian Mercury of Nov. 5, gives the
following statement of the military power of
Russia :

The Carlsruhe Gazette gives the following sum-
mary of the military force of the Russian empire :
Population (without Poland) 55 millions; which
are divided into three classes, as contributing to the
military force,—the first, that which furnishes troops
on the 'European footing; second, that which in
time of war furnishes irregular troops; third, unci-
vilised tribes, unused to war, which do not contri-.
Lute any recruits to the army. These Asiatic tribes
amount to 3,961,000 souls.

The second class, furnishing irregular troops, to
1,850,000, and the first class to about 48,000,000,
deducting one million for foreigners and persons
exempt from serving.
Reckoning the troops at 1 per cent. in time of
peace, and If in time of war, we shall have
420,000 in peace, and 720,000 in war. The irre-
gulars may be 100,000, and the army of Poland
50,000; in all 870,000 men. Russia could also, in
case of need, easily organise militia, Sti., as was done
in Germany, and raise the active force to above one

Brussels Papers of the 12th inst. contain the
following, which supplies no fresh news :

BRUSSELS, NOV. 11.

The Second Chamber of the States General is
convoked for a public sitting to-day. Llitherto the
sections have been engaged in examining the several
projects of law presented to the Chamber.

(PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.)

CONSTANTINOPLE, OCT. 11.

The Sultan having declared his intention to leave his
camp and go to Adrianople, the great men of the empire
have considered the measure as likely to be injurious
under present circumstances. An extraordinary
Divan was assembled, in which it was resolved to
petition the Sultan not to go to a distance from the
capital. The Mufti was sent to present the peti-
tion, and explain the reasons for it. The Sultan
consented to defer his departure till the spring.
The lilemas, who had hitherto refused to put on
the uniform, have at length been in military costume
to the camp at Ramis Tchiflik, where their ap-
pearance agreeably surprised the Sultan, who re-
ceived,them very graciously.
The Foreign Ambassadors still here do their utmost
to prevail on the Porte to adopt conciliatory measures.
At the end of. September the Netherlands Ambassa-
dor presented to the Reis Effendi an additional note
of the Ambassadors of the three Powers at Poros.
The Ministers of France and England decline, ik is
said, returning to Constantinople, on account of the
nature of the business which detains them at Poros,
and repeat the invitation to the Porte to send a
Turkish Commissioner; but the receipt of the news
of the landing of the French in the Morea, and the
favourable accounts from Bulgaria, induced the
Reis Effendi to answer, that the Porte, far from
listening to any proposals of pacification, was going
to send 30,000 Albanians to Greece.

The Porte has no favourable news from Asia, and
has recently seut out fresh troops thither.
Several men-of-war• have received orders to sail
shortly to the Dardanelles.
VIENNA, Nov. I.—Metalliques, 95; Bank Shares,
1085.

It is said, in letters from Alexandria, that the
Paella of Egypt still remained in that city, and
would not depart for the interior until the ar-
rival of his son, IBRAHIM PACHA, from Greece.
The general opinion entertained at Alexandria
was, that the return of the army would revive
trade, by increasing the consumption, and giving
a stimulus to business, which had been very flat
for some time previously ; but we do not see
how this expectation can be realised, if the
Egyptian mmy is to be sent to reinforce the
troops of the SULTAN either in Roumelia or
Bulgaria. The waters of the Nile had begun to
rise at the date of these accounts, which are
recent. There were in the port of Alexandria,
one French frigate and three corvettes ; besides
one English frigate, a corvette, and a brig-of-war.

Extracts from French and Hamburgh Papers
will lee found in another part of our Paper, but
they supply no news of importance. Nothing
is said of the surrender of Silistria.

Every account from Portugal represents the
cause of DON MIGUEL as becoming daily more
desperate. It is said that the French Govern-
ment have denounced him entirely—and accord-
ingly have sent a naval force to the Tagus, to
overawe his treasonable conduct.

In our columns of to. day will be found the
letter of a Correspondent, who signs himself an
" Essex Magistrate," on the subject of a para-
graph which appealed in our Paper of last Satur-
day, entitled " Blessings of the Game Laws."
The letter is penned in a temperate gentlemanly
style ; we have not, therefore, and never can have,
when communications differing from our own
sentiments, are so calmly worded, the slightest hesi-
tation in inserting it. The letter, however, is not
so much an answer to any particular charge, as a
of the question ; if the writer
general begging
allows that the Game Laws are in some respects
defective, so also do we, though perhaps
our objections, which are already before the
world, have a more definite and compre-
hensive character. We object, in short, to

N .
`,.... ~
. .... • ,
• • . s
\t,
• .

the system in Coto, we think it arbitrary—in-
consistent—the fertile source of crime—poverty,
and consequently of demoralization. Our Essex
correspondent will not, we suspect, go this
length ; nevertheless, his communication is sen-
sible, and so far deserving of our respect.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, Trystra o' CLOCK.

The tendency of the Consol market appears de-
cidedly for a rise this morning; they opened at
861 I for money, and 86i, rather buyers, for ac-
count, they appeared steady at these quotations for
a considerable time, in fact, till the approach of the
above hour, when an advance took place to 87,
buyers ; the continuation to January account is rather
higher than usual, from I to 5-16ths ; the Commis-
sioners paid 87. Exchequer Bills 75 6 pm.; India
Bonds, 85 7 pm.
There has been no business of importance in the
Foreign Funds, the price of which remains much
the same as at the close on Saturday ; Russian,
94i j ; Danish, 62 i; Portuguese, 551 6 ; and
Mexican, 234 4.
The Share market is rather in a depressed state;
Imperial Mining Shares are now 34 6 ; Anglo Mexi-
can, 75, dis.; with respect to the former a half-
yearly meeting will take place to-day, for the put-
pose of declaring a dividend, the result of which
cannot at present be known.

Three per Cent. Consols, 87, buyers ; Ditto, for Ac-
count, 87, buyers ; India Stock, 2371 8i ; Bank Stook,
20S 209; India Bonds, 85 7 pm. ; Exchequer Bills, '75
76 pm.

Founclt.—Brazilian, 64 1; Buenos Ayres, 47 8 ;
Chilian, 261 71; Colombian, 185 19 ; Daniih, 62 ;
French, Five per Cent. 1051 6 ; Three per Cent., 741 5 ;
Greek, 175 181; Mexican, Five per Cent., 26 7 ;
Ditto, Six per Cent., 335 4 ; Peruvian, 161 17 ; Por-
tuguese, 555 6 ; Russian, 1145 5 ; Spanish, 105 11.
Aintre.—Anglo Mexican, 75 21 dis. ; Brazilian, 24 6
pm. ; Bolanos, 115130 pm. ; Colombian, 10 9 die.; Real
Del Monte, 260 240 dis. ; Tlalpuxabua, 20 25 per share;
United Mexican, 221 211 dia.

QUARTER-PAST TWELVE.
Consols, 87i 4. _ _

TWO O'CLOCK.

The price of Consols has been latterly 87k, al-
ternately buyers and sellers, at present the former is
the nearest price. The detention of the Lisbon
packet till Saturday has created some surprise to the
Merchants, it being, since the return of the British
Minister from that country, the first instance of the
packet being kept back; and what adds to the im-
portunce attached to this circumstance is the frequent
visits, latterly, of the Brazilian Minister to Lord
Aberdeen.

THREE O' CL CK.
Consols for Account, 86i 87. 9 a
FOUR O'CLOCK.—CLOSING PRICES.
Consols 87 i Danish 62
Do. for Ac. 87 if Greek, 1825 ...-
Brazilian Bonds 641 Mexican, 1825 33i
Buenos Ayres Peruvian 171
Chilian Do. 27 Russian 941
Columbian, 1824 Spanish 10i

In our notice, last week, of that splendid.
publication—" The Keepsake," we made sour• remarks
on a few verses by Mr. Moottx, which it contains, under
the impression that he himself had eontributed them to the
Work : we have since learned, however, that the " Ex-
tempore" in question was written by the poet near ten years
since, at the request of a friend who wished some memo-
rial of his handwriting, and was never, of course, intended
to be published. The literary caterers for " The Keepsake,"
in that rage for a show of names, which pervades at present
these fashionable publications, having got possession of the
verses, considered them as fair spoil, and, without the con-
sent of Mr. Moortx (as we understand), introduced them
into their collection.

We hare heard it stated in circles usually
possessed of good information, that either Lord CAMDEN
or Lord VERULAIL will have tke vacant Privy Seal.
Brighton Gazette.

Letters from Hungary say that a mathemati-
cian at Presburg, has discovered the grand secret of con-
ducting an air-balloon through the air at will. His name,
we understand, is Josarn AfuLLzu.

A profound thinker has said that the man of
genius is he who retains, with the perfect faculties of man-
hood, the undoubting faith and vivid impressions of the

HIB MAJESTY'S NEW PALACE,-.STRIKE
or ?XX Woaxintx.—On Monday morning, as soon as
the plumbers, employed at his MAJESTY'S Palace, re-
turned from breakfast to resume their labours, they found
the outer gate closed against them, and were told that it
being half-past eight o'clock (the usual time fur their re-
turn) they would not be admitted, . At twelve o'clock,
when the gates were again opened fir the numerous
workmen to go to their dinner, the plumbers applied to
know the cause of their exclusion from the building, when
they were told, by two of the clerks of the works, that
Mr. NASH had determined that the plumbers, in-
stead of taking half an hour to their breakfast,
should be only allowed twenty minutes, and instead of
the usual hour for dinner, shield only be allowed
that time. This the plumbers coneeivid to be an into.
ration of their rights, and would not submit ; and in con-
sequence they all struck, and have not been to work since.
A correspondence has since been daily kept up by the de-
legates on the part of the men, but neither party are dis-
posed to give in.

We are glad to find that that juvenile prodigy,
Little BURKE, takes his farewell benefit this evening at the
Surrey Theatre, in the character of Hamlet. He is an
extraordinary little fellow, and we Lave no doubt will be
rewarded for his diligence aad ability, by the attendance of
an overflowing house.
A friend of Mr. TERRY contradicts the re-
port of his retirement from the stage; he says, " It is
not true that either Mr. TERRY'S memory, or any other
faculty of his mind, has been or is in any degree affected
by his illness ; and the budily ailment is so rapidly
wending, that his friends have little doubt he will be able
to resume his professional place very soon—for which Mr.
Patce's kindness has afforded him most liberal opportu-
nity. As to the story of his being left a fortune since his
illness, it is not necessary to enter upon particulars. Let
it suffice that a relation dying in the interim has bequeathed
his children."
a small, a very small legacy to Mr. TERRY, or rather to

There is now in the garden of Captain LAW-
soN, at Shooter's-hill, in the open air, a bed of fine straw-
berries in full bearing, .
VIOLENCE OF THE LABOURING NAVIGA-
TORS NEAR BorroN.—On Monday, the 3d inst. four of
the bankers commenced a violent attack upon two others,
who Were new corners upon the work, under the
pretence of "shoeing" them; and, at last, forcibly
took away a watch and silk handkerchief belong-
ing to the two men. On the following day two of
the fellows who had been the ringleaders of the assault and
robbery, were apprehended; one of them is named Ea-
GOOSE, the other is known by the hankers as ' Long Bill.'
They were brought before the Magistrates for the parts of
Holland, compelled to make restoration of the property
which they had detained, and fines were imposed, which,
with the costa, amounted to nearly 47.—Beaton Gazette.

. .-, ',

ti

• ,
•

• \

.

SHIPPING INTHLLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, Nov. 12: —Wind N.W.--Passed from
London, the Highbury, Cook, for Berbice; London,
Arman, for Jamaica ; Eliza, Soper, for Grenada ;
Eliza, Dixon, for Bombay; Maria, Steele, for St.
Helena; and Globe, Johnson, for San Blas.
PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 12.--Calm:--Arrived the
Glory, Gillis, from Memel.

The Haribony, Young, from Dantzie, and Juno,
Leyden, from Memel, have arrived at Leith.
The Dement, Hsrrison, from Whitekaven to
Dublin, was driven on shore near Dundalk, the Bth
inst., but expected to be got off.:
The John Peddar, Wilson, from Hull to Lisbon,
was driven on shore near Calais, on Tuesday night,
but expected to be got off.

LAW INTELLIGUNCB.-(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF CHANCERY.
itAuuts V. K.XIIIILI.

Mr. SUODEN was requested to apply to the Court
that some early day might be appointed for the
hearing of the exceptions which had been taken to
the Report of the Master, finding his client entitled
to upwards of 20,000/.
Mr. LOWNDES opposed the application. A decree
had been made, against which they had lodged an
appeal ; and if the present application was to be
granted, it would have the effect of enforcing the
decree against them. The Learned Counsel, how-
ever, could have no objection to the application,
provided their appeal was advanced to come on at
the same time.

Mr. SUGDES concurred in this; and his Lordship
ordered that the appeals hi Const v. Harris, the re-
hearing and exceptions in Harris and Kemble,
should all come on together the first day of causes
after Term.

A long discussion arose at the Bar between Mr.
SUGDEN and Mr. WAKEFIELD, as to whether it was
imperative on Counsel to bring on a motion in Term
on the day on which the notice was given for, or
whether they should be at liberty to postpone it day
after day for some time.
Mr. SUDDEN contended that the motion ought to
be brought on by Mr. Wakefield, or that the ether
side should pay the costs of the day.
Mr. WAKEFIELD argued the contrary position, and
considered Mr. Sugden so much disposed to inno-
vate the practice of the Court, that ►f it eomplied
with his requests day after day, no Counsel would
know how to advise their clients.
His LORDSHIP thought it would be more con-
venient to give the notice of motion for the day o►►
which it was really intended to make it, but it
seemed the practice was the other way, and there-
fore the motion stood over.

OWEN V. FLACK.

The Court then proceeded with this part heard
appeal, the question in which was the right of a
party to redeem two old mortgages.—Judgment was
postponed-
