THE MARKETS.--(THIS DAY).

NENVGATE AND LEADENHALL.
There was a good supply of all kinds of town and country killed
meat to-day at market. Trade was rather heavy, aid prices unvaried.
Beef 2s. Sd. to. 3s. 10d. ; Mutton 2s. Bd. to 3s, 10d. ; Veal 3s. 6d. to
4s. Bd.; Lamb ss. 4d. to 6s. 6d. ; Pork 3s. Bd. to 4s. 10d. ; Irish Ss. 4d.
to 3s. Sd. Poultry was in small supply, and trade heavy, with declining
prices The following are the quotations for each of the articles enu-
merated :-Chickens 2s. to 4s. ; Fowls 4s, 6d. to 55.; Ducklings 2s. to
4s. ; Go,lings 4s. to 7s. ; Rabbits, tame, ls. 6d. ; Leverets 55.; Pea-
hens 10s. ; Dottrells 2s. 6cl ; Turkey Poußs ss. Eggs abundant, and
the prices rather lower-quotation 4s. 6d. to ss. 6d. per 120.
BILLINGSGATE MARKET.
Supply good and trade brisk, prices reasonable. Turbot, 4s. to I Ss. ;
Soles, 6d. to 3s. per pair; Red Mt6let, 6d. to 3s. each; Lobsters, Is. 6d.
to 3s. each; Salmon, 10d. per lb. for lowest, up to 3s. 6d. per lb. for
crimped ; Mackerel, 3d. to 6d. each.
HAY MARKETS.

The supplies were moderate to-day, generally of dry provender, but
the demand continues good, and prices are firm—Meadow Hay 90s. to
105 s. ; Clover ditto 105 s. to 115 s. ; Straw 38s. to 44s per load.
, HUNGERFORD MARKET.
Vegetables are not yet of good quality. The quantity is rather on the
increase—prices same as Covent-garden. Fish supply good, and trade
fair. Cod Is. 6d. to ss. and Gs. each ; Lobsters Is. 6d. to 3 each ; Turbot
4s. and ss. to 18s. Meat—the weather against the trade---prices
much as before. Beef 61d. to Bd. ; Mutton 7d. to Sd. ; Veal Sd. to
91d. ; Pork 7d. to 80. per lb., all meat of the first quality. No varia-
tion in Hay or Clover— prices firm.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.
The Cotton trade here remains firm, and a fair demand is still expe-
rienced. 5,600 bly,s are the total of this day's business, and in the rates
no alteration has taken place since our report of Saturday.

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 26, 1838

So the Ministers are to move resolutions on Monday, de-
claring it unadvisable to act on the resolution of the 22d inst.
We see them taking this course with deep and bitter regret.
What if they should be defeated on the mution ? What if, on
such a defeat, which would damage them beyond repair, or
i:) consequence of it, they should be compelled to resigo
ffiec ? How will they look when an appeal is made to the
electors of the empire on the question of the abolition of
slavery ? Plymouth, Manchester, Halifax, Nottingham, Shef-
field, Stroud, &c. &c., will all follow the example of Glou-
cester, and not one Whig anti-abolitionist will be re-elected
to Parliament. And how does Lord JOHN RUSSELL know

that the Tories, of whose snares he complained on Monday
week, will riot turn abolitionists in order to get into office, or
will not at least absent themselves from the House of Com-
mons on Monday ? Lord STANLEY seems to have followed
the example 'of Lord BROUGHAM, and to have altered his
opinion upon the subject. He no longer supports
his own measure. It cannot, therefore, be expected that the
Tories should he eager to maintain it, when accession to office,
with the sanction of the towns of Great Britain, may be the
consequence of merely- abstaining from voting in favour of
their opponents. They are capable of anything, as their con•
duct on Sir JAMES GRAHAM'S motion proves; and we should
not at all blame them, were they all to vote against the Minis-
ter on the abolition question. They may help their friends
the planters more by getting office than by maintaining the
apprenticeship system. Why the Ministers should desert
their friends, and rely for support on the Tories—why they
should run obstinately and blindfold into the trap which the
planters, perhaps out of old spite, in conjunction with their
Tory allies, have set for them—we cannot comprehend. Never
were the planters and the Whigs good friends, and the former
cannot possibly forget the exertions of the latter in relation to
the slaves during the many years they were in opposition. If
the Ministers insist on the compact, the world will de.
ride them—the Tories do it already, and will make them know
that no former Legislature had the power to bind the present
Legislature. All their supporters will protest against their
embracing a Conservative doctrine, which would at once be a
bar to all hope of legislative improvement at their hands. So-
ciety
is now in an unexampled state of rapid progression, and
to set up the acts of any former legislature as a bar to the
use by the present legislature of all its inherent powers is an
attempt to chain down society to the ignorance of a former
period. Much knowledge has been obtained of the disposition
of the negroes since 1833, and that knowledge warrants im-
mediate emancipation. On August 1, the Marquis of SLIGO,
and several of the other planters, are to liberate their slaves,
and their example will make it impossible for the rest
of the planters to retain the services of any apprentices. The
Ministers wish, we have always understood that other plan-
ters-should follow the example of the Marquis of SLIGO, and
since Sir EARDLEY WILMOT has declared that he is not to bring
in a Bill, the resolutions already inserted on the votes of the
House of Commons are only calculated to promote their own
wish. They will therefore defeat their own object—incur the
resporisibility of provoking an insurrection in the Colonies—
affront their friends and supporters—and run the risk of being
turned out of office, by their obstinate and contemptible deter-
mination now steadily to adhere to Lord STANLEY'S new
fangled apprenticeship scheme.
There must be infatuation in the blind, inconsistent ob-
stinacy of the Government upon the slave question. To ac-
count for it upon any rational principle we hold to be impos-
sible. It accords neither with justice nor the interest of the
planters. That Ministers themselves regarded the majority
of Tuesday last, upon Sir EARDLEY WILMOT'S motion as
fairly and legitimately obtained we were bound to believe,
seeing that they did not instantly give notice of a motion for
rescinding, as quickly as the forms of the House would admit,
the important resolution to which the House had just come.
Moreover, we could not conceive how Lord JOHN RUSSELL
could have been sincere in his opposition to the resolution of
the Hon. Baronet, and yet upon an occasion so momentous
—when every instant was of the utmost importance--when
might endanger the peace of our colonies—
contentthe leas least
hudeslay
elf
with merely stating that he would oppose the
progress Bill founded upon and embodying its princi-
ples. It appeared to us that a Government really in the in-
terest of the
sacri-
fice to them not only a principle of abstract justice, but the
of
anyplanters—that a Government prepared to
dirrnitv of the House of Commons—that a Government op-
"'! • diate abolition of the Apprenticeship system,
posing the immediate
post to leave London before the rescinding of Sir
from
Dr aLannysliimi\gvcolieotLinsidleoubTeu:s,t thatresolution.
dsouli affectingudotfihoanv.have
We
exerted
at ol l
all maintainknowi its
s itfle
influence,
f ins he,.c
caetm, not
whichto
con-
sistency o
that resolution will have upon the minds of the poor negroes.
Ignorant, as they necessarily are, of the forms of . the British
Constitution, and confiding in the humanity of Parliament,
they will regard it as the solemn Act of the British Legisla-
ture, restoring them to the unrestricted enjoyment of their
freedom on the Ist of August. This fact is undisputable;
„icy—the worthlessness—of a solemnly recorded
and yet Ministers, as if to involve our colonies in the most
House of Commons ! This is the excess of cruelty
frightful calamities, suffer an entire week to elapse,
_it is holding, out an encouragement to the
potfinthineiqaupitporietsnstyieseteshm. The
before attempting to undeceive the negroes with respect
keeptio nu
Pftiolehatffisieesert their independence, and to the planters to peril
tvtoootatehlleo
ne-
groes
- • tp sys-
tem was carried on Tuesday, and last night Lord JOHN Rus
notice that on Monday next—that is, after the - SELL gavelapse
of a week—Sir GEORGE GREY will move the following reso-
their lives and pimrompeedrtiiaetsetaoboli
motion for the

lutions :
" 1. That, in order to prevent the injurious consequencesi
may follow from the intentions of Parliament being leftitdou which
s' doubt, and
giving
'
in order to maintain the peace and welfare of the Colonies, it is neces-
sary to declare that, in the opinion of this House, it is not advisable to
a
entitled
ap2tr2o dc
thisei‘ediHaiytoi.
‘ nguss
efor a
tt
thheep
suarrnp purpose et i
mof e ,
deivielgares its effect to the Resolu_
opinion that co
means should be omitted which can tend to secure to the opit
it
.1 adopt o
2.
f anyh the
popula-
tion of her Majesty's Colonies the privileges to which tl ne
under the Act for the Abolition of Slavery, and under the
Act for the
are entitled
Amendment of the Slavery Abolition Act ; and further, at the anxious
attention of this House will be directed to the state and that
condition of the
negro,population, when the expiration of the term of apprenticeship
shall have entitled them to the full enjoyment of entire freedom ."
We sincerely trust that Parliament will itself
see the folly
of entertaining resolutions which, if carried, must tend to take
But in
away all respect for its votes upon any question.
de-
pendently of this, we can hardly bring ourselves to believe,
that a majority of the House of Commons will be brought
thus deliberately and wantonly to offer a gratuitous insult to
the morel feelings of four-fifths,at least, of the entire popu-
lation of this country. Should we be mistaken, it will then
become the duty of the abolitionists
to consider by what more
effectual means thandiscussion they can bring both
Ministers and the planters peaceable
to their senses. It will be for
them to inquire whether it is not entirely optional on the part
of the people of Great Britain,i either to export or to use the
produce of Colonial slave labour. Slave-made sugar and
rum are not necessaries of
life
in a country where sugar awlspirits, spirits, the
manufacture of ‘
free labour, can be had in any
quantity, and at a
us still
cheaper rate. The Havtians will be
glad to furnish
with all that we obtain from✓ Jamaica—in-
dependently of
the suppliesd which we may at any moment
draw from the East Indies
To increase the les.
difficulties of the Government, it is now
understood that unless the
slaves
be unconditionally emanci-
pated
on the Ist of August, Sir LIONEL SMITH will follow the
example of the marquis of SLIGO by returning to England.
Such, at all events,
learn front-thej is the prevalent rumour in Jamaica, as we
ournals of that island. Ministers will, there.
fore, be at some loss for a Governor, unless they can prevail
upon Sir GEORGE ARTHUR to remove the seat of his Govern-
ment from Toronto
to Kingston.

The debate on the "grand imperial question" es Lord J.
RUSSELL appropriately called it, whether Hawick should not
cease to be a polling place for the County of Roxburgh, was
closed last night. Under the mask of this contemptible mo-
tion, Sir JAMES ,
GRAHAM brought
still suffering under
against his old friend the
under the recent loss of his
only son, " every charge," as the Learned Lord said,
LORD ADVOCATE
which it was-in his power to make." In fact the
motion was a covert means of putting the LORD ADVOCATE
on his trial, and the heartless Baronet who made this attack
on a suffering old friend had not the manliness and the
courage to bring his charges openly, and place on the books
of the House a notice of his intention to move a vote of cen-
sure. The whole proceeding is worthy of one of those
base natures which renders a man fit to be a cad to
a Dilly, and to wear the livery of a Welsh Knight while
lie is fired with a noble ambition to be the flunkey of
a Scotch Duke I We thought sie ROBERT PEEL, who has
generally shown some regard for hie reputation, would
have abstained from taking any part in such a mise-
rable and degrading proceeding. But the compact it seems
is mutual, and as the " Dilly" people have engaged to
wallow in his mire, he cannot do less than keep them com-

parry in their own filth. The slightest regard to the charac-
ter of the House of Commons, now so much implicated, and
so closely watched, would have made any prudent man refus:
to lend his countenance to such a motion as that 8T Sir JAMES
GRAHAM. But Sir ROBERT PEEL, like other politi-
cians, sacrifices the character of the House of Commons
to the despicable purposes of party. As they show tham.
selves, however, so the world will judge of them; and
those who have postponed the nation's business to the gra.
tification of party spite, will not be honoured as statesmen
and patriots, but despised as factious partizans. Sir JAMES
GRAHAM had not even the poor gratification of success to con-
sole him for his meanness. His motion was lost ou a division
by 22 ; and the Conservatives can say,that they have brought
additional discredit on the House of Commons, and afforded
another triumph to their rivals.

The Bishop of EXETER, after an unusually long pause of six
weeks in his turbulent career, again appeared last night before
the House of Lords, in his favourite character of a politico.
religious agitator. The object which the Right Rev. Prelate
has for some time past had most at heart is the destruction of
the national system of education in Ireland, which, by afford-
ing instruction to the children of the poor, and at the same
time softening the religious asperities.arising out of the pecu-
liar position of the Catholics and the Protestants, has, as far as
it has gone, proved a great blessing to that country. In fur-
thering an object so worthy of a Christian Bishop—his Lord-
ship would be affronted if we were to call him a Christian
minister—Dr. PIIILPOTTS has laboured with indefatigable
erseverance, and it is but justice to him to say that in the
'node of collecting and working up his materials, as well as
in the time which he has selected for giving Parlirmentary
effect to his case, he has displ4ed no lack of serpentine wis-
dom. He first advertises for cases of abuse—impartiality
being a prominent.feature in his moral constitution—by a cir.
cular, expressed in the following terms:—" I shall consider
myself much obliged. if you will have the goodness to give
me any information you may possess on the subject of
the system of national education in Itwland, but especially
of any instances you can collect of the abuse of that sy,,tem,
and the perversion of it by the_ Commissioners." lie does not

say to his Rev. Correspondents—" Tell me candidly how this
great naonal experiment is actually working—put me in
possession of all the facts you can collect for and against the
system—that I may be able to form a just conclusion of its

merits." Oh no—that would not at all have suited

his holy purpose. What he wanted was a stock of
materials for factious use—an accumulation of one-
sided evidence, which with a little jesuitical dexterity, he could
bring to bear adversely upon the national system of education,
and upon the Commissioners who are entrusted with its admi-
nistration.

Then, again, look at the moment selected by this meek,
pious, and simple-minded Prelate, for opening his budget of
misrepresentation. The Report, upon which he pretends to
found the resolutions which he moved last night, has been be-
fore him all the Session, and yet he has delayed his motion
till the Session is near its clo-e. And why ? because he
was afraid to face the LORD CHANCELLOR of Ireland, the
lay Commissioner, who was in the House, but whose duties have
now called him to Ireland,, and it is not the turn of the Arch-
bishop of DUBLIN, the Ecclesiastical Commissioner, to sit in
Parliament. He therefore gets the field, as he thinks, en-
tirely to himself, and has ample scope for the exercise of his
calumniatory as well as his declamatory powers. The tenor
and result of the debate, however, will shew that even the
Bishop of EXETER may miscalculate.
It will be perceived that his Lordship's first point was to
make out the failure of the national system of education. A
failure he assuredly did make out ; but it was the failure of Dr.
H. PHILPOTTS, not of the system which he attacked. Is it, we
would ask any dispassionate person, any proof of the failure
of this noble plan of instruction, that the number of scholars
embraced within its influence amounts at this moment to between
160,000 and 170,000; whereas when it was first introduced the
whole number of scholars in all the schools of every description
in Ireland amounted only to 37,0001 Does not this simple
fact—were there no other evidences of the beneficial effects of
the national system--bear ample testimony to its successful
operation ?
But Protestants, it is said, do not receive their share of
benefit from this joint plan of education. Wherever they do
not it is entirely their own fau:t If the Protestant Clergy
will set their faces against the system, and counteract as far as
they are able, its salutary influence, the blam,3, must rest
with them. In many cases they have done so, and have
succeeded in exciting a prejudice against it among the more
ignorant and bigoted of their flocks ; but in, spite of all this ,
powerful hostility on the part of the Protestant Clergy, we
still find that it is making its way to the affections and good
sense of the Protestant community. In the province of Armagh
the numbers of Catholic ai,d Protestant children attending the
national schools, are 28,000 of the former, and 17,000 of the
latter, which is very nearly the proportion indicated by the
whole relative numbers of the Catholic and Protestant popula-
tion of the province. But what says the Bishop of DERRY on
this point ? Dr. PHILPOTTS will not surely object to the testi-
mony of a brother Bishop, even if it should tell against his own
theory. These are the words of the Right Rev. Prelate, and
we strongly recommend them to the attention of all who
think that there is an innate impracticability in the plan.
" He, (the Bishop of DERRY) could safely assure their Lord-
ships that in the province in which he resisded the system had
worked most admirably, aed that it was universally acknow-
ledged in that part of the country, that the children
of the poor bad derived material benefit from the establish-
most of the schools. This he stated, with every possible
confidence, as he knew it of his own knowledge." The real
truth is, that Dr. PHILPOTTS and politicians of his class, dis-
approve
of the education of Catholics at all. They would
much rather have them continue in the grossest ignorance,
and its accompanying barbarism, than instructed in any way
different from their own. They are afraid of Catholic en-
..

lightenment.
With respect to the charge insinuated by the Bishop of
EXETER against the Commissioners, of allowing unsound doc-
trines to be admitted into some of the national schoolbooks, it
was completely demolished by the Bishop of NORWICH, whose
speech last night is such as might have been expected from a
Prelate of his high character and liberal mind. It is rather
singular that this charge of heresy should be brought forward
at the same moment by Dr. PHILPOTTS and Dr. AP HALE,
the two greatest champions for the rights of their respective
Churches. Can anything set the futility of the charge in a
stronger light ?

The Paris papers of Thursday have been received, but their
contents are wholly without interest. Marshal SOULT, re-
ported as one of the pall-bearers, was not present at the
funeral of Prince TALLEYRAND—a mistake which the illus-
trious veteran appears very anxious to have generally cor-
rected. In the Chamber of Deputies there is to be no
further opposition to Ministers during the remainder of the
present Session. This agreeable news was formally commu-
nicated to the Cabinet in the course of Wednesday's sitting.
There is no news of the least interest from Spain.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.
(THIS DAY.)

WESTMEATH.
"Mr. AUSTIN was heard at great length against the opening of the
Registry.

Mr. WRANGIIAM spoke for several hours on the opposite side.
At three o'clock the Committee adjourned till Monday.

SPORTING IN TELLIGFiNCE.

THE HIPPODROME RACES.

The first meeting this season, and the sixth since the opening of
the establishment, commenced yesterday with the advantage of
fine weather, but with not so good a list as the money advertised
for competition had led us to expect. The company was nume-
rous, and was composed of a variety of classes, the right-of-way
gentry forming no inconsiderable portion. The most perfect har-
mony prevailed, and the sport, without being as good as might have
been wished, went off to the satisfaction of the spectators. The
following are particulars :
Match, 50 sovs. Red-post in. About three quarters of a mile.
Mr. Maxwell's gr. m. Ottawa, by Ben Lodi Mr. Tongue 1
Mr. Mill's b. m. Nell Gwynne, aged.. .............. ...... 2
Won very easy.
The Birthday Gold Cup, value 100 sovs., given in honour of her
Majesty's birthday. The winner to be sold for 400, &c. About
two miles.
Mr. S. Palmer's Bravo, 5 yrs, 9st. 21b . Wakefield 1
Mr. Stevens's gr. c. Gimcrack, 3 yrs, 6st. 131 b '
Mr. Shepherd's gr. g. Jim Crow, 4 yrs, ist. 131 b
Mr. Elmore's b. g. Lottery, aged, 9st. llb ... 4
Mr. Adams's b. f. Anne, .3 yrs
Even on Bravo, who made all the running, was never headed,
and won easy.:Anne was beaten off. Lottery was well up with
the third.

The Olympic Stakes of 7 sous. each, with 20 added. 12st. each ;
and 101bs. allowed for half-bred horses, &c. Heats, two miles,
with four hurdles in each.
Mr. Webb's b. m. Paulina, list. 41b Mr. Coleman 1 1
Mr. Firth's Centaurus (late Birthday), I I st. llb
Captain Dawson's b. g. Humbug, list. 41b 4 3
Hon. C. Ongley's b. g. The Dwarf, list. 41b 3 dr
Mr. Webb's ch. g. Buffalo, I Ist. 41b
In the first heat Buffalo made running to the hill, where Pau-
lina took it-up, kept the lead, and won in a canter. She made all
the play in the next heat, and won just as easy.

SHAKSPEARE'S AUTOGRAPH.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,---I—requestYOU will do me the favour to inform your readers
that the letter, printed in your paper of Friday last, purporting to come
from me, and stating that Mr. Miller, bookseller, of Lambeth, and not
Mr. Pickering, was the real purchaser of Shakspeare's Autograph, is a
gross forgery, I never saw the pretended communication till I read it
in your newspaper, and owing to the pressure of business I have had no
opportunity of communicating with Mr. Miller till this day, and it is
only justice to Mr. Miller to add, that he assures me lie is equally igno-
norant of the quarter whence the forgery proceeds. The inestimable
relic of our immortal bard was unquestionably purchased by Mr.
Picirring, and for himself; and it may be seen by any of your readers
at his house. I am, Sir, your humble servant,
93, Pall-Mall, May 24. ROBERT H. EVANS.

ST. IvEs.—Mr. Praed has been returned for this
borough in the room (,f Mr. liaise, by a majority of 8. At the close of
the poll the numbers were—Mr. Praed, 256 ; Captain Stephens, 948.
Both candidates are Conservatives.-IVestern Times.
The Emperor and Empress of Russia, with their
children, the hereditary Grand Duke, the Grand Duchesss Alexandra,
and the Grand Dukes Nicholas and Michael, arrived at Berlin, on the
the afternoon of the 19th instant.

THE CROPS.—In several counties the young wheats
are just appearing above their parent earth. They are backward, of
course ; but we are happy to see that in a vast majority of cases they are
of a right healthy colour and appearance, and already promise well.—
Cambrian.

Thursday morning, at an early hour, two large male
tigers were safely depositefl in the Zoological Gardens, Regent's-park.
The Society are in expectation of receiving shortly a remarkable fine
chimpanzee and hippopotamus from the banks of the Gambia.

E AI AN CI PA TI ON.
MEETING OF DELEGATES.

Last night, after the public meeting the Dele:a es assembled at Exeter
Hall, the conversation which had taken place in the Houst2. of Commons
was reported to them, clot a spirited protest was immediately adopted,
The protest appears in our columns as an advertisement.
Afterwards the resolutions of which. the Rev. T. Spencer had
_given
notice were introduced, and in reference to them the Secretary was re.
quested to address a -letter to the Morning Herald to correct a statement
made by that pager. • The proceedings occupied a shert time only.

This morning the De:egate, asscmbled•at the Guildhall Coteehotise.
Mr. Blair presided.
Mr. MORGAN, called the attention-of the Delegates to the proceedings
of Parliament la t night, and the Protest of the Delegates.
It was Resolved:—
" That the Protest be forwarded to all the Members of Parliament.;
and Messrs. Thompson and Scohel were.appointed to draw up a series
of Resolutions to a:company the Protest.'

Mr. STURGE, Mr. HOUGHTON, and others, called the attention of the
Delegatei to the proceedings proper to be taken. in Parliament, and a
C .mm:ttce for Conle;enre was appointe I. Arrangements were
su!isequently made for giving extended publicity to the proceedings of
yesterday.

i%iEETING OF ANTI-SLAVERY DE-
LEGATES.

Lord John Russell having given notice this evening of the intentied
of Government to move on Monday or Tuesday next that it is not de.
sirable to adopt any proceedings to give effect to the resolution of the
22d of May for the immediate and entire extinction of the apprentice-
ship in our slave colonies, the Central Negro Emancipation Committee
and the Delegates now assembled in London desire to record their most
solemn and decided Protest I,gqinst this unwarrantable attempt to super-
sede and annul a deliberate decision of the Commons of England, to de.
feat the wishes of the entire nation, and to put in jeopardy the peace
and welfare of the colonies. They therefore most earnestly and respect_
fully entreat every Member of the House of Commons, as he would
desire to give effect to the prayers of the country, and as he values the
fundamental principles of humanity, justice, and religion, that he
would attend in his place on Monday and Tuesday next, and give
Ins most strenuous opposition to the course proposed by the Governrcent.
Signed on behalf of the assembled Anti-Slavery Comrrkittee and De_
legates at Exeter-hall, this `2sth day of May, 1835.
W. T. BLAIR, Chairman.

L',OYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, MAY 25. Wind N.N.E., fresh breeze -.dame down from the
River and proceeded, the Ceres, HaMwood, for Demerara; Legatuss
Ord, for Halifax. and Athenbergh, Parker, for Montreal.
POSTSNIOUTH, MAY 25.—Wind E N.E., tine.
PLYMOUTH, MAY 24.—Wind W.—Sailed, the Henry Kneeland, Batt-
ling, for New York.
FALMOUTH, MAY 24,—Wind variable,; light breezes, and fine.—Arrived
the Greyhound, Tucker' 'from Maeeio; And A nlhby, Weir, from Oporto.
Arrived off, the Hobe, Lawton, from Honduras; Ina' Forward, from
.tamaica—out 50 days, with loss of maintopmast ; anti William, Currie,
from Teneritlb. Vessels spoken ,ith : —The General Chasse, of Rotter-
dam, and qary, of London. for St. Domingo, 13th inst., in lat. 41, N.
I n., 14. IS. W., by the William.
LivEepoot, May 21.—Wind S.E., light.—Arrived the Shannon, Wl-
don, frory Savanilla; and Wind rush, Main, from Lisbon. Arrived oiff; the Connubia, from Sicily. Sailed. the Splandid, for New York;
Daniel, for Lisbon; London, for Calcutta; Albatross, for Africa; Indian
Chief, for Newfoundland; and Nelson, Wood, for Berbice. The Harriet,
reported yesterday on shore near Holyhead, has been got off;
CREEK, MAY 25.—Arrived, the Lord Nelson, Trist, from Mogadore;
the Diadem, Leslie, from Odessa.
DOVER, 'MAY 25.—Arrived off; the Eagle, Patterson, from Mauritius,,
SEAFORD, May 25.—Arrived off, the Resolutie, Schneider, horn Ba-
tavia ; the Ferolano, from Havannah ; the James APQueen, Wept',
from St. Kitts; the Emeline, l'ettingall, from St. John's, New Bruns-
wick ; rise Lord Glenelg, Simpson, from Faro.
COWES, MAY 25 —Arrived, the Gloria da Portugal, from Madeira.
HOLYHEAD, MAY 25.—Arrived off; the Margaret Johnson, Charleston.
CLYDE, MAY 23.—Arrived, the Woodman, Nelso,n from Marseilles.
DUBLIN, MAY 21.—Arrived the Shannon, steamer, from London.
WATERFORD, MAY 23.—Arrived the Concordia, Reid, from London,
CORK, MAY 23.—Arrived the Isabella, ltobertson, from Canton ; Kers_
well, Ilaswell, from the Mauritius. Arrived off; the Emelin, MielhMland,
from Trinidad.

Mu, t2s.—Arrived the Newland, Tonge from Ilamburgh; Ac-
tive, Partridge, from ditto ; Josephine, Volkirk, from Gothenburg ; Wit-
nelmine, Neilson, from Copenhagen; Vrow Gebelie, Wieben, from
Liessaw; Twee Gegusters, from Konigsburg ; Universe, Ivanich, from
Venice.

The Towa:d Castle, Emmens, from London to the South Seas, was
wrecked on the coast of California, 7th Dec , Master, chief mate, and five
of the crew saved, the rest twenty-three in number, who took to the boat,
it is feared have perished.

THE GREAT WESTERN STEAMER.

By tie arrival of the Sirius and Great Western steam-vessels, it Is
said that a large sum has changed owners, many high bets having been
laid on their respective speed and the power of their boilers ; it is like-
wise more than whispered that several great capitalists, some of whom
are largely interested in America, have betted a large sum that they will
shortly produce a vessel, which, fitted up with the boiler advertised for
sale by Mr. George Robins early in June, will easily pass either of the
above vessels, or any other which may compete with her; they are also
determined, as far as in their power, to introduce this into general use,
viz., the Patent Double Tubular Iron Boiler, which will effectually put
a stop to the awful loss of life continually occurring from the bursting
of the dangerous ones now in use.

Certainly our own enterprising capitalists will not let slip the oppor-
tunity now offered, by the formation of a Company, to apply this patent
to vessels, roads, railway carriages, &c.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY (THIS DAY), TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols closed rather heavy yesterday at 94ai for account and money,
owing to some heavy sales, supposed for the purpose of commertial specu-
lations, which at present are rather in an improving state, and in conse-
quence of which money is more in demand.

. •
The foreign exchanges in the course of yesterday did not experienced
any material alteration, and -pave a tendency to neenne.
Consols opt ned this morning at 944 y.:, Money and Account ; Exclie..
quer Bills, 61 63 ; India Bonds, 63 67 ; Bank Stock, 2041 5 ; India
Stock; 270 271.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active closed at 214 22 with Cou-
pons—opened at the same ; Portuguese Five per Cents, closed at 351 to
36—opened at the same; Brazilian, 81—opened at 811 ; Mexican, 27
to I—openel at the same ; Columbian, 271 to '274—opened at the
same ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, closed at 544 to s—opened
at the same.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock
3 per cent. • fe... 93%%% Ditto Bonds
3 per Cant. inns..... 34%%% South':ea Stock ...
314 per Cent Old Ann ...,...... ...... ....
Ditto Re,
New 3% pet Cent.... ...... - Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New 5 per Cent...-. .......-- ---,. Exch. Bilis, .£l,i'Oto Ol 63 cm
!Pink LongAnnuitiestuexpirc Ditto. ..... .........500 (10 63 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860... . ...... ~.. 15 3-16% Ditto Sem':
Oct. 10, 1859 14 15-161 Ditto Commercial
Jan. 5, 1860 15% I Ditto Advertised ..... ...... pm.
Jan. 5
Bank Stock for Acc0unt........ *205
.....
April 5, IclBo
1880 —l India Stock for Account —
Jan. 5, 1670... ...... .... ...... I Goner, ~, for ACconnt 943
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds ~......,. — Pe" LIVI,I 14011,16
Belgian Bonds ~ .
Ditto Account ......... ......
Brazilia-. :.londs ... ......... ..... -. .13"•,t0 New Bonds. 36 514
Ditty Account
thenos Ayres Bonds — Dlttrs, 3 per cent .... ........ ... 24%
Ditto Account — Ditto. Account —
hillia% Bonds .... ..... .......... Prussian Bonds —
Ditto Account . ..... ... ...... .. RLl•••>'-an Bonds, 1822
C,,,rnb'..,,t, 000.13. — DI: to 'ACtOlr't .-
1-: i tto Accoun ... . ..... r'itlo Metallic .
CAurribian Bonds, Mt 2714 Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account
llitzish Bonds . ..„
Ditto Account...... Ditto Account 21%
Greek Bonds.. ' French, 5 per cent......... —f. —,..
Ditto Bonds, 1825 - --.---.. 4 per cent. —f. —c.
Ditto Account . ..,- $ per cent. ..... ..... —l.- —c.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent ..... Exchange —f. —c.
Ditto Account ..... ...... ~... Dutch, 2,,,, per cent —
..litto, 6 per cent.
iitto Account ... ........... .... Ditto, per cent lOO%
N. -3p:intact Ditto Account —
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY' AT ONE O'CLOCK
Paid. Per Share.
British Iron Company
Great Western Railway Company......, ........ . .
Brighton Railway Compwi- 8 8%
I.' rid on and Birmingham Railway Company
Ditto 4 Shares 5 291; 9
London and Southampton (New) Railway to 27%
Manchester and Birmingham Railway 7 81%
North Midland Railway Company 35 40
Anglo Mexican Mint lO
V 11
. Asphalte, Claridge's Patent 2 10
COURSE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
Amsterdam C.F. 12 6 Gibraltar Is 48
Ditto, at sight
Rotterdam .U. 12 14 Genoa .. 26 10
Antwerp...
Hamburg. M.B. 13 13 Venice 46
Altona
Paris, 3 clays' sigh 25 65 Palermo per or. 1161 Q
Ditto ..... .. .......... ....3 Ms. 25 91 Li3bor . 5334
Msrrtille,
Rquideaux - 2 B 2B
Fran},thrt an Main.% EX. 11. ! 54 tiah- 25
P•te. T .i.mgli, rti!‘le 1 Us. lu Buenos Ayres _..
Bc,iist
Vienn:., effective 11 2M.10 '5 Phil clelphia 46
Trieste......ditto lO 16 PAIL I: OF BULLION, PER OZ.
Madrid '6 • j Portugal Gold; coin ..e.o 0 0
Cadiz....
li'lboa ....
B ircelona
S wily: '`J6 Silver, bars. standard 0 4 11%
HALF-PAST ONE.
For some time past we have not experienced so dull a day in the
City; very few arrivals, no news worth communicating, and not the least
animation either in the British or Foreign Markets, which up to the
present hour aro in a complete state of stagnation. The fluctuation in
the.price of Con-ols during the morning has been from 94i 1, to 94i 1,
and at present may be quoted at 94k, money same.
Exchequer Bills, 61 63; India Bonds, nothing doing; Bank Stock,
204;; ; India Stock', 270.
In the Foreign Market no alteration in the prices since the early part
of the morning. Spanish Active, 21-: 22, with Coupons; Portuguese,
351 36 ; Three per Cents. 241 ; Brazilian, 81 i ; Mexican, 27i ; Co.
lombian, 27i 4; Dutch Two.and-Half per Cent. 54i a.
The Share Markets are lower. Nothing' doing in Asphalte ; Cla.
ridge's 8 prem. ; all the rest nominal prices.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account. 941 i.

CHANCERY COURT-(THIS DAY.)

SEMPLE V. THE LONDON AND BIRMINGHAM RAILWAY COMPANY.
Thi arguments in this part.beard motion were concluded this morn.
ing. His Lordship dismissed the appeal with costs.

VICE-CHANCERY.-(THIS•DAY.)

His Honour the Vice-Chancellor was engaged during the morning
in hearing a case in his private room. The part-heard motion of Lord
Falmouth v. Turner was then proceeded with.

ROLLS' COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

KAY V. MARSUALL
Mr. KINDERSLEY applied to the Court to advance the exceptionS in
this case, on the ground that if they waited their regular turn, the patent
which was the subjt ct matter of dispute would expire, in all probability,
before they could be heard.
The MASTER of the ROLLS was unwilling to accede to the application,
because when a case was advanced, or taken out of its regular turn, it
was done to the pr6udice of the other miters. However, under the
circumstances, he was afraid the present application must be acceded to.
The MAs•rea of the ROLLS then proceeded to hear the remaining
petitions.
iN re DAY.
The petition in this case prayed that certain bills of costs might be de-
livered and taxed, and also the delivery up of certain deeds to the peti-
tioner; but after some discussion between the Counsel, an arrange-
ment was come to by the parties.

It is conjectured that at least five Hundred Thou-
sand Pounds will exchange hands though the instrumentality of Dlr.
George Robins, during the next two months.

SALES .AUCTION.

IN HANTS.

THU BEECH HOUSE ESTATE, IN THE NEW FOREST,
WITHIN THREE MILES OF MUDIFORD, A FASH-
IONABLE WATERING-PLACE, AND A DOMAIN
EXCEEDING 450 ACRES, WITH THE MANOR OF
WINKTON WESTBURY.
MR. GEORGE ROBINS is instructed to SELL
by AUCTION, at the Mart, London, on THURSDAY,
the 21st of June, at Twelve o'clock, and unreservedly, under
special circumstances, •
A FREEHOLD PROPERTY of SOME IMPORTANCE.
long recognized as
THE BEECH HOUSE ESTATE,
and for very many yens accounted one of the
LIONS OF THE NEW FOREST;

within 9 miles of Lyndhurst, 5 of Christchurch and Borne (the new
Watering-Placa), 3 from Mudiford, 19 from Southampton, and
within a

FIVE HOURS' DRIVE OF LONDON.

THE ELEGANT VILLA RESIDENCE,
in its outward form, without being at variance with architectural
taste, does not sufficiently indicate the family pretensions that will
be found to preside within ; it is placed at a gentle remove from the
bustle of the high-road, embosomed in luxuriant plantations of con-
siderable extent and beauty. 'f he approach is by two distinct
lodge entrances,' and the drive is quite romantic to the verdant lawn
on which it is placed, and gives promise of the charms of scenic
beauty, which will be found continuous Ciroughout this envied
spot. The Mansion is most substantially built ; it is encircled by a
paved Gallery and Balcony, which are in communication with all
the principal rooms, anti leads to
THE SPLENDID CONSERVATORY, FORTY-FIVE
FEET IN LENGTH,

and to the Pleasure Grounds, which are of considerable extent and
beauty, adorned by little myriads of American Plants and Shrubs,
which, in spite of the severity of last Winter, have triumphantly
weathered the storm. Around this Mansion of comfort are
MILES of ROMANTIC WALKS
within its own plantations. The
-WOODLAND SCENERY OF SURPASSING BEAUTY
appears in every dil-ection interminable. Vistas well imagir.ed, and
the distant scene extends through the valley to a perfect view over
LORD DE ROTEISAY'S CASTLE
to the wide ocean.

A BEAUTIFUL LAKE OF FOUR ACRES,
and the Hermitage, not far off, render the picture quite perfect.
The accnmmodntion within Beech House is fully adequate to ac-
commodate most perfectly a family of considerable pretensions.
The principal rooms are well proportioned ; the bed-chamber de-
partment complete ; and the offices for domestic comfort so perfect
as to leave nothing to be desired. The court- yard incloses stand-
ing for four carriages, and stabling for twelve horses. The kitchen
gardens are extensive, secured by brick walls, with a selection of
the best fruit trees,

HOT AND SUCCESSION HOUSER, AND' A GREEN
HOUSE.
THE PARK GROUNDS

fill up the intermediate space, which alone is separated from the
surrounding hanging woods. The domain extends to
FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY FOUR ACRES,
a p•rtion of which is much underlet from year to year. As a de-
lightful retreat for a Nobleman, Merchant, or any one inclined to
the delight of field sports, Mr. Robins, in great confidence ventures
his testimony in favour of Beech House.
It can only be viewed by applying for the Bailiff, Mr. Jones.
Particulars may be had twenty-eight days prior to the Sale, at the
Hotel, Christchurch ; Crown, Lyndhurst ; Angel, Lymington ;
Dolphin, Southampton ; of Melsrs. Oddie, Forster, and Lumley,
solicitors, Carey-street ; Messrs. Currie and Woodgate, Lincoln's
Inn ; Mr. Withers, auctioneer, Southampton ; Mr. Osborn, Hay-
ling I. land ; the Mart, and at Mr. George Robins's Offices. London.
