DUBLIN.

The second division of the 2`•2d Reg'ment embarked at
the North Wall yesterday evening on board a steam-vezi-
sel, and sailed for Liverpool.
Lieut. Ferrier, of the 24th, and Lieut. Cahill, of Cue
9lst Regiments, have joined the depot companies of their
respective corps, the former at Kilkenny, and the latter at
Mullingar.
Sir Rosa Mahon, First Lieutenant of the 2d battalion
BOth Rifles, at present on leave of absence, from the ser-
vice Companies, has been appointed Acting Paymaster to
the depot companies in succession to the First Lieutenant
Jebb, resizned. The latter will continue to act until Sir
Ross Mahon joins the depot. First Lieutenant Jones
and second Lieutenant the Hon. J. E. H. Tburlow joined
the depot at Newbridge, from leave of absence, and
Second Lieutenants Mosley and Callaghan, on appoint-
ment.

Saturday a route came in for the 97th Regiment to
march for Cork and proceed on foreign service. The first
division left on Monday morning. The 7th Fusilcer de-
pot, from Newcastle, will replace, temporarily, the 97th in
this garrison. The 86th Regiment. in Dublin, have re-
ceived an order to embark for the Mauritius, and thus, it
appears, will go beyond the Cape, which was thought to
be their destination. The entire of the 20th Regiment
have arrived at Athlone, from whence they send detach-
ments to occupy the late quarters of the 22d Regiment.
Head-quarters of the 20th marchtd into Athlone on Thurs-
day. The solitary confinement and hard labour enforced
under the silent system in our garrison provost-prison, is
found to be the best substitute for corporal punishment of
offenders against military discipline, as well as the best cor-
rective of irregular and vicious habits.—Limerick Citron.

THE LATE MEETING AT NOR.

WICH.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Norwich, Dec. 21, 1840.
SIR.—I present you with the following extracts from a
letter received from a young man in Dorsetahire to his
friends in Norfolk, leaving you at liberty to make what
use you please of them, for the purpose of exposing the
unfeeling character of the cultivators of our soil, for
whose protection our equally unfeeling landlords and par-
sons say that the Coro-laws were passed, and giving them
the lie direct to their assertions that English labourers arc
best off with corn at a high price. In speaking of the late
Anti-Slavery County Meeting held in St. Andrew's-hall,
Norwich, he says, " I am by no means sorry that the Anti-
Slavery meeting was di,turbed by the Chartists; many of
the great people present had no idea that operatives had
the assurance to protrude themselves on an audience such
as I conceive was there assembled, and although they pro-
cured a hearing by very ill-behaved means, it has brought
the subject of the distress of the working people in this
country more prominently before those who are turned
philanthropists, because just now it is fashionable. What
a parcel of nonsenseP•clid the Bishop gratify his hearers
with, dissecting a list of signatures, and heaping flattery
upon those who were the most obnoxious to his audience at
the back of the hall I The abolition of slavery all the
world over, and the elevation of whole nations to a higher
standard of morality, are grand conceptions ; but let not
our time and talents be devoted to objects so very exten-
sive, to the entire exclusion of the slaves at home. Let
the High Sheriff of the county mount one of his hunters,
and ride through the:village of Longharn ; there he will
see human beings living in hovels, and subsising on food
that he would not dare to give his horse, and to house it
in one of these hovels would insure its death from cold.
The principal farmer here has informed his mon that next
week he shall drop their wages to ha. per week. Nu
wonder we have skoep-stealing and fowl-stealing almost
every night; and to teach people to fear God with an
empty stomach never was accomplished yet."
Can any language too forcible be made use of to convey
the public sentiment of abhorrence to any man, or set of
men, who send an unfeeling set to Parliament to uphold a
monopoly, in order to insure them (the landlords and
parsons) the means cfilivitig in affluence, whilst their poor
dependents are starving upon eight shillings per week in a
country abounding with comforts for all classes of the
community, were they but fairly apportioned by equitable
laws. Your's,
A FREE TRADER, AND ENEMY TO
PRIESTCR AFT.

FATAL ACCIDENT•—This morning, between
ten and eleven o'clock, Alexander Mosely, a youth eleven
years of age, the son of Mr. Moseley, a cabinet-maker,
residing in High-street, Portland-town, with some other
lads, was skating on the Regent's Canal the ice, broke in,
and, before assistance could be rendered, he was drowned.
Yesterday evening at five o'clock the 22d Regi-
meat of Foot arrived from Dublin, having landed at Liver-
pool, and immediately proceeded by the London and Bir-
mingham Railroad, where they arrived at the terminus
Euston•grove, under the command of Colonel Penny-
father. Thi3 morning at seven o'clock they marched for
Chatham, where they will embark, on the 4th of January,
fur the Est IndicF.

TILE IRISH TENIPERANCE MOVEMENT.—On
Tuesday, the Very Rev. Theobald Mathew arrived in New-
cas:le from Limerick. Ile was escorted into town by the
Teetotallers of Rathkeale, Newcastle, and Ballingarry,
who met him a few miles outside in procession, with their
bonds, each member carrying a white wand, and wearing
the symbol of the Society. About half an hour after
he arrived, he went to the square, where Alfred Furlong,
Esq., had a splendid platform erected for him. He
then commenced administering the pledge, when there
were 6,000 persons admitted members of the Total Ab-
stinence Society. On ,
ednesday, the second day of the
Rev. 'l'. Mathew's sojourn, he administered the pledge
to 7,000 persons. Irt the evening, he was entertained to
dinner at the Castle, by Alfred Furlong, Esq., who has
done everything to promote industry and temperance.—
Limerick Chronicle.
de not appear to have at all
of the trains on railroads, and the
afFeTethede
employment of a few additional labourers where drifts
tlhaet ep
ass Istaog‘eY
ss
have occurred, has ,proved sufficient to remove every im-
pediment.
