HERRING FISHERY.

WICK, &c., SEPT. 15.—Until yesterday we had considered
that the fishing was concluded for the season ; but we are glad
to state that a few boats again went out last night, some of
which landed about twenty trans each this morning. The
quality of the fish was very superior, and it appears that they
were taken to the E.N.E., at a great distance from land.
This favourable appearance has roused our fishermen anew ;
and of the boats not yet hauled up for the winter, a consider-
able number will put to sea, and for a few days yet give the
fishing a new trial. The average for the season is anything
but a fortunate winding up of affairs to the numerous indivi-
duals engaged in this precarious and varying business. Cur-
rent prices of fish may be quoted at 225. per barrel ; few or
none for sale.

A great quantity of cod is now upon this coast ; and a boat
at Staxigoe lately landed about 700, being one morning's
catch.

The fishing upon the Latheron coast, and farther south, is
now almost over. The quantity caught is inconsiderable. At
Helmsdale the average is rather above that of the other places.
The West Coast fishing finished on the 2d inst.

The salmon fishing in onithaess has proved very indifferent.
ORKNEY.-The fishing here may be said to be concluded
for this season. Under all circumstances, it cannot be con.
sidered in any other light than that of a failure--the average
not exceeding from 25 to 30 trans per boat. On Saturday
last the catch was much better than on any day fur some weeks
previous ; but there was no continuance of fish, and the week
after proved very unsuccessful.
SIIETLAND.-The last accounts from Shetland are of a par-
ticularly unfavourable description. The average there cannot
be calculated at more than 10 to 12 trans. A vessel, however,
which left Lerwick on the 10th instant, reports a tolerable
fishing on that morning ; but the advanced period of the season
leaves little chance of any thing being done of a satisfactory
kind.

The fishing on the Moray side may now be said to be over,
and has, in general, been very abundant. At Peterhead and
Aberdeen, the success has been great ; but in some of the more
northern ports, the average may be reckoned about the same
as at Pultneytown.

Yesterday afternoon, between three and four o'clock,
a most distressing accident occurred to Mary Pemberton, a
fine young woman, 18 years of age, in the service of Mr. Dal-
housie, a gentleman residing in Charlotte street, Fitzroy-
square. It appears, from the statement of her fellow-servant,
that the unfortunate young female was cleaning the back first-
floor windows, and, in complete opposition to the orders of
Mr. Dalhousie, stood outside on the sill of the window. In
pushing the sash up, it caught her fingers between the lower
one. From the sudden agony she endured, she let go her
hold, and was instantly precipitated into the back area, a
height of 25 feet. Her fellow-servant, being in the back
kitchen, observed her fall, and immediately gave an alarm of
the melancholy circumstance. Assistance being procured, the
poor sufferer was carried to her bed, and surgical assistance
being promptly in attendance, it was discovered that she had
fractured her thigh in two places, besides a severe one at the
back part of her head. She lies in a most precarious situa-
tion. Not the slightest blame is to be attributed to the unfor-
tunate female's master or mistress, as it was in total contra-
diction to their orders for her to clean the windows.
Rheims was, on Saturday last, the scene of the fol-
deeaprlsoermabplloyeeyeed in the manufactory of M. Depaquit,nts : Bernard Chaumont, who had been
went to
franc
upon his w
t ohis master at nineeek,s wages.
in themor n n,: to
This
M. roe
paciui
t
o ask foradvancean
of one not
only assented to, but was going to his bureau to give the
money, when Chaumont stabbed him with a knife in the lower
part of his body. Another man, hearing the cries of his mas-
ter, ran to his assistance, grappled with Chaumont, and
wrested the knife from him ; but, being diverted by the expi-
ring groans of M. Depaquit, he released his hold of Chaumont,
who made his escape, and ran into a public-house kept by M.
Gerard, to whom he wildly declared that he had killed his mas-
ter and would return and murder his father. Gerard treated
the declaration as a mad joke, but, in another moment, he him-
self received a slight wound from Chaumont with a small
pointed instrument. The infuriated man afterwards rushed
out again, went home, took a screw-driver used in fixing
the locks of guns, and returned to renew his attack upon
Gerard, but was prevented by M. Quiquet, a baker, who
in the struggle was stabbed superficially with the screw-
driver. M. Quiquet, however, gained the mastery, and
dragged Chaumont back to the house of M. Depaquit.
Here he again broke loose, and, running into the factory,
was on the point of killing a child belonging to his mas-
ter's family, whom he found in the arms of its nurse, when
he was prevented by a workman named Barrois. Chau-
mont again escaped, but attempted to throw himself into a
well belonging to the house; he was closely followed by Bar-
rois, and seized. Once more, however, he got free, and run.
ning into the small street called La Barre, threw himself into
a well there, but was caught by the leg after his whole body
was in, and thus again saved from self-destruction, and finally
placed in the hands of justice. M. Depaquit is dead, leaving
three young children. He was remarked for his kindness to
his men, by all of whom he is deeply regretted. Chaumont
is also the father of three children.—French Paper.
Lout A'AN.—Following the Dee, we find its
source in two small cold-looking lakes, which sleep on the
ridge which divides the glens and waters of Aberdeenshire from
those of Banffshire. Descending the small stream issuing
from the other side of the ridge, we may find our way to the
A'an ; but by keeping to the left, and crossing, as nearly on a
ottsawl
hoehvnferaedet estehhplcrhewaeoaas,
airlsave,
corresponding
eveoem:nanshngtapstuoyeoeosatnnbrt
sebdbeestsrei
ehsnocheneguomoo
brought
Scotch
Aaadihi
skhseeote
elnci
veosst
hi
scenery,
atesnhrennt
he will
,I,oe. the shoulder of the hill, a descent
approach
mayr
rrowpayr
ip,t
sbherl
koreb:
tanuhoi sestlnehyfrLsteeet
oosodoa
this
1. :I AgfTks
vhahi
oonefieec:cvhioei
alnsnbaan jontvndel
eedyocwttsi
described
seeoohhsnobcwei
acrtlnihnhi
breki
oecvei
ssdlned.:
by Sir Walter Scott, in " The Lord of the Isles," where—
" Seems that primeval earthquake's sway
Hath rent a strange and shattered way
Through the rude bosom of the hill,
And that each naked precipice,
Sable ravine and dark abyss,
Tells of the outrage still."
The whole description might apply to Loch A'an. The
banks are all precipices, except towards the southern entrance,
eitherehni
acs
thhuereei
of sheer
in descenttteh e
Isl localities,
eof fif a
k:voyece
cannot,
is omr
uc
much shattered
emli
believe
lr,
ee
pyramids running high up among the clouds. On the whole,
aIL: o and they
het hv
Cor
ee
ry
i,h w
, from
than a miniature of Loch A'an, which is situated iu the very
centre of a nest of mountains above 4,000 feet above the level
of the sea, the borders of the lake rising in precipice from the
edge of the water to the summits of the hills. Add to this a
peculiarity which gives much to the strange savageness of
Loch A'an, especially in a sultry August day—the banks arc
variegated by fields of snow. In warm summers these are mere
patches, but, during the present somewhat inclement season,
almost the whole bank towards the upper part of the lake not
precipice is glacier. Only one or two persons have hitherto
described this wild scene ; but it has never been beheld without
a feeling of awe.-....,Scotsman.-....,Scotsman.awe.-....,Scotsman. IMPROVEMENTS IN ROAD.MAKING.—A trial
is now being made in the Whitechapel-road, opposite the
Church, of a new material for road-making, which was about
twelve months ago introduced on the Vauxhall-road and
rKen-
nington Common, where it has sustained every variety of traffic
with perfect success. The composition is termed bituminous
lava, and formed of bitumen, lime, and salica, in eertain
which
pro_
portions adapted to the nature of the traffic or climate,
fur-
are formed into a homogeneous mass by heat, in portable
naces employed on the road, and when in a fluid state the
mixture is poured on the road to a depths of from three to four
arerios
kmtinches, and when dry presents a compact, uniform,en with the and durable
mass. From the slightness of the abrasion, e
heaviest rolling surfaces, and being impervious to, the ex-
tremes of dust and mud are equally avoided, to thewet great com-
fort of the inhabitants of the district in which it is employed.
Samples of the road were exhibited before the last Commit-
tee of the House of Commons on the subject of turnpike
roads, on which occasion the Reports of the clerks of the se-
veral districts on which it has been employed, were highly sa-
tisfactory,

The weather on Wednesday was pre-eminently suited for
a balloon ascent: indeed, in the whole course of the time
I have been in the habit of ascending I do not remember
more than three such serene days. The inflation was accom-
plished without the slightest inconvenience or difficulty in
four and a half hours, an excellent and equal pressure having
been given during the whole time by Mr. Hutchinson, the
engineer of the London Gas Company, under whose super-
intendance the gas was manufactured. The new car and
hoop having been attached, I proceeded at the wish of the
proprietors to ascertain the power of the balloon, which, by
the unfavourable weather on the last occasion, was rendered
impossible. The following is the exact weight of the whole
apparatus since the new car and other alterations have been
completed :—Silk and valve, 3381b5. ; net, 2241b5. ; car,
2001bs. ; hoop, 851bs. ; liberating iron and ropes, 301bs. ;
grappling line and grapple, 1201bs. ; total, 9971h5.
As many gentlemen as the car could contain then entered,
and on their being counted there were found to be nineteen.
I then sat on the edge myself, and the balloon raised the
whole weight with perfect ease, besides several bearing their
weight on the ropes attached to the hoop. At a low calcula-
tion the twenty persons weighed ten stone, or 140 lbs. each,
making 2,800 lbs., which, being added to the weight of the
apparatus as given above, viz., 997, makes a total of 3,797 lbs.
HaO. there been room in the car two or three more persons
might have been raised, and, with a hot sun acting on the
balloon, even a greater number. At half-past four my com-
panions entered the car, our party, with myself, consisting of
twelve, viz. Mr. Young, Captain Currie, Mr. Spencer, Mr.
R. Burnett, of Vauxhall, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Rush, Mr. VV.
Hughes and Mr. T. Hughes (sons of the proprietors), Mr.
Adams, Mr. Cocks, the artist, Mrs. Green, and myself. Our
ballast weight 780 lbs. We left the earth at ten minutes be-
fore'five o'clock, and ascended in a perpendicular line about
1.50 feet, when a very slight breeze from the north-west
moved the balloon from immediately above the heads of the
spectators in the gardens in a south-easterly direction. Every
avenue leading to the gardens was rendered impassable
by the masses of people collected, and from the immense
number of private carriages around, it appeared to us that one-
half of the visitors intending to enter the gardens could not
gain access to the entrances ; this, on our return, proved to be
the fact. It being my wish to give the inhabitants of the vil-
lages over which we passed a good view of the balloon, and
also that my companions should have a distinct view of the
country, I kept the balloon during the whole voyage about
four thousand feet from the earth (or four-fifths of a mile), and
as re passed along the shouts of the spectators were refleqted
from the under surface of the balloon. A gentleman named
Burton constructed a very simple instrument, which I took
with me, to make the rite and fall of the balloon immediately
apparent to persons unnacustomed to an aerial voyage, and it
answered this purpose most admirably. It consists of a light
fan, die handle of which is connected with an index, showing
with what force, and in what direction the resistance is acting.
Finding that we were approaching a woody district, to pass
over which would have occupied too much time, I determined
to descend, and affected a landing in a beautiful grass meadow
I had observed about a quarter of a mile a-head, the grapnell
touching the ground about the centre of it. The evening was
so perfectly calm that the balloon became stationary the mo-
ment it was relieved of the weight of the grappling iron by its
resting on the earth, and we were hauled down by some twenty
persons, assembled on the spot. We were soon surrounded by
several thousands on foot and in carriages we had seen pro-
ceeding from every point. After packing the balloon in the
car, which is contrived to serve as a case, we proceeded to
Vauxhall, where we arrived at a quarter past nine o'clock.
The field we descended in is in the parish of Beckenham, in
Kent, and is the same in which I landed six years ago, when
accompanied by my pony. C. GREEN.
Royal Gardens, Vauxhall, Sept. 22, 1836.

(FURTHER PARTICULARS.)
Several gentlemen eminent in the scientific world, were pre-
sent on Wednesday, among whom was Mr. Farraday, F. R. S.,
who had an opportunity of inspecting the interior of the balloon
when filled with gas, through which they were enabled to see
the upper hemisphere of the, balloon, as distinct as if viewed
through the common atmosphere, and which effect the gas had
was owing to the skilful management of Mr. Hutchinson, en-
gineer of the London Gas Establishment, by having deprived
it of its carbonaceous quality, and thereby rendering it exceed-
ingly light and applicable to the purposes of aerostation. Pre.
vious to Mr. Green's departure, Mr. Sievier, who manufac-
tured the grappling-iron, presented him with an improved
instrument by which to ascertain the diminished density of the
air ; and a gentleman of the name of Burton furnished him with
another instrument of his owninvention, by which the ratio of
ascent and descent can be determined.

When the balloon was fully inflated with gas, it (the gas)
was found to have a power to support 3,8151b5.
The highest altitude attained by Ms. Green, was 4,000 feet.
lie could have obtained a far greater elevation, but he was
desirous to let the inhabitants of London and its vicinity have
a full view of the stupendous machine, of which they were de-
prived on the first occasion.
The following statement of Mr. Green's own conclusions
may not prove uninteresting :
" If, on leaving the earth, the mercury in the barometer is
at 30 inches, it will, at an elevation of one mile, have fallen
below 25, at two miles below 21, and at three below 17, and
it will descend to near 14, at an elevation of four miles. It is
therefore evident, that as the pressure of the air on the mer-
cury, at the altitude of little more than three miles and a half,
is reduced from 30 inches to 15, that half the pressure of the
atmosphere is removed from the surface of the balloon, and
that, consequently, the gas will expand, and occupy double
the space it did at the earth's surface. It therefore follows,
that if a balloon, the capacity of which is 70.000 cubic
feet, leaves the earth fully inflated, and attains the above
elevation, that 35,000 feet must be allowed to escape from
the valves, and that the balloon will return to the earth with
only half the quantity it ascended with, provided its tempera-
ture remains the same. As such, the ascending power of
35,000 feet is all the aeronaut possesses after ascending with
a balloon of the above capacity, therefore, should it leave the
earth fully inflated, and it is intended to attain the above ele-
vation, it follows that half the weight taken It? must be ballast,
or other disposable materials, there being only half tho gas
left at this altitude to support the balloon, the passengers,
&c." From the altitude reached by the new balloon, and
from its known powers, Mr. Green is of opinion that when
filled with hydrogen gas, he could (alone) attain an elevation
of nine or ten miles, and with a scientific friend or two lie has
not the least doubt but that he might reach seven or eight
miles, which is nearly double the height of the highest
mountain.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

The Lord Mayor, some days ago, received from the Govern-
ment a communication and request, of which the following is a
copy: --
" Downing-street, Sept. 10, 1836.
" My Lord,—A representation, of which the inclosed is a
copy, was forwarded to this Department by the Board of Ad-
miralty in the month of October last, having been addressed
to the Secretary to that Board by Mr. William Bayley, with
reference to the wreck of the ship Charles Eaton on one of the
islands in Torres Straits, on her voyage from Sydney to Can-
ton. From information given by the mate of the Augustus
Caesar, which vessel sailed in company with the Charles Eaton,
there appears to have been reason for believing that a portion
at least of the crew and passengers of the latter vessel bad suc-
ceeded in reaching some of the islands in Torres Straits, and,
at the instance of Mr. Bayley, who is deeply interested in the
fate of some of the passengers, I beg to request that your
Lordship would have the goodness to cause the master and
crew of the Augustus Caesar, which has now arrived at the
port of London, to be examined as to their knowledge of the
fate of the Charles Eaton, and of her passengers.—I am, my
Lord, your Lordship's most obedient servant,
JAS. STEPHENS."
" To the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor."
" Stockton, Oct: 5, 1835.
" Sia—When I was lately in London, I did myself the ho-
nour of calling upon you, at the office in Downing-street, to
invite the attention of his Majesty's Government, through you,
to one of the most dreadful cases of shipwreck and
thedmurder, or
slavery, or both, that perhaps ever occurred ; and one in
which I feel more than an ordinary interest,
f
circum-
stance of being connected with some of the wretched sufferers.
The following arc the facts of the case :—ln July 1834, the
brig Charles Eaton, Captain Moor, sailed from Hobart Town
to Sydney, and left the latter place the 29th of the same month,n
for Canton, with several passengers on board, including Cap.
tain and Mrs. Doyley, and two of their children, and an Indian
nurse.
The ship called the Augustus Ccesar sailed in com-
pany with the Charles Eaton for several days from Sydney,
but was obliged to separate in consequence of a gale, in
Torres Straits, about the middle of
was
wrecked,August.
nearOn theßo
02b2yd of
that month the Charles Eaton
land, or Double Island, in the Straits ; and from the in-
formation given by the mate
the Augustus Caesar, who,
with two other men, went )f
ashore, there is every reason to
believe that the whole of h
Charles Eaton had land the
crew
and passengers of the
e on that island ; but that many of
t
them, if not all, had been murdered, or carried into slavery
bythesavages ; and as it is not unusual for the inhabitants
of these islands to preserve the females for purposes worse
than death its Alf,
jesty's Government do implore the interference of his Ma-
the poor surviving
sufferers (if any should still be living)
from the dreadfulslavery to which they are now in that case
subject.
" Captain Doyley had been upwards of twenty years in the
artillery of India, and Mrs. Doyley was the near relative of the
Williamses in Birchin-lane, bankers; and of R. Williams,
Esq., M.P. for Dorchester • and Captain Doyley was my
brother-in-law, and also allied to Sir C. Doyley of Calcutta.
As nothing can be heard of any of the crew or passengers (if
alive) without the aid of his Majesty's Government, I shall

"On inquiry since my arrival in London (3d Sept. inst.)
Mr. Haviside, of Cornhill, informs me that a part of the crew
of the Charles Eaton have since reached Batavia, and have
given information that several of the passengers and crew are
alive, and detained on the island, near where the ship was
wrecked. " I am, my Lord,
" Your Lordship's most obedient Servant,
" WM. WISEMAN.
After the Lord Mayor's return from Guildhall, where he
had waited for an hour and a half in the vain expectation of
making a Court of Common Council, no Alderman having at-
tended, with the exception of Alderman Winchester, Mr.
Benjamin Smith, of No. 13, Corbet's-court, Spitalfields,
waited upon his Lordship, and stated that he did so in conse-
quence of an advertisement that a sale of the bacon, pork,
&c. &c. saved from the late fire at London-bridge, was to
take place on Friday. He had, he said, been at Fenning's
Wharf, and bad looked at the provisions narrowly on account
of the reported fact that a quantity of arsenic which had been
warehoused was mixed up with them.
The LORD MAYOR desired that this informant would make
a statement of so important a fact upon paper, as no time was
to be lost.
Mr. Smith immediately wrote down the following words :
B. Smith begs most respectfully to inform the Lord
Mayor that there is a quantity of white arsenic (which he
understands is the property of Messrs. Branham, of Size-
lane,) in the ruins of the fire on Fennings' Wharf, Tooley-
street, and he thinks the bacon, pork, sugar, &c., proposed
for public sale, on Friday next, is therefore rendered unfit
for use."

" Norton Folgate, Sept. 22, 1836."
The LORD MAYOR then sent for the City Solicitor, and Al-
derman Humphrey, who it is well known, is interested in every
question relative to the late calamity, being in that gentle-
man's office at the time, accompanied him to the- Mansion-
house.

His LORDSHIP showed the written communication of Mr.
Smith to the City Solicitor.
Alderman HUMPHREY said it was true that a portion of ar-
senic had, in consequence of the fire, been mixed with some
of the goods, but not with those which he had understood
were for sale.

The LORD MAYOR said, that the moment he heard of the
sale, it occurred to him that it was his paramount duty to in-
terfere, to prevent the possibility of mischief to his fellow-
creatures. He perfectly well knew that if the sale took place,
the pork and bacon would (at all events a great part of it) be
sent down to the poor hop-pickers in Kent, arid if the poison,
which lay in the ruins in such quantities, were mixed with
such beverage, what dreadful consequences might ensue, and
what a serious responsibility would his (the Lord Mayor's)
be, if he did not take active and resolute measures to prevent
the sale. _

Alderman Ilumenkity—All the provisions ought to be sold
to the soap-boilers, who would give a large price for them,
and no injury could then result. But I apprehend more from
the mixture of the arsenic with the sugar than with the pro-
visions.
The LORD MAYO': would not allow provisions or other
goods which might be damaged by the arsenic, to the preju-
dice of human life or health, to be placed in the hands of any-
body. He knew that the poor would, from their poverty, be
induced to purchase anything that was cheap, and he knew
that there were amongst the rich many who would sell, what-
ever might be the effect of the experiment.
The City-Solicitor understood that Mr. Smith had found
half a pound of arsenic amongst the pork; it was evident
from that circumstance that the sale of the provisions would
be altogether unwarrantable, and the Lord Mayor's suggestion
of sending a notice to those who were authorising the sale,
was certainly in every respect advisable.
The Lola) MAYOIt-I am determined to go further, and
write immediately to the Secretary of State on the subject. I
cannot satisfy my conscience without adopting that course too.
The City Solicitor fully coincided in the Lord Mayor's idea
of his responsibility, and the duty imperative upon him in con-
sequence of such deep hazard.
His Lordship then wrote to the Directors of the Sun Fire
Office a note, inclosing a copy of Mr. Smith's communication.
His Lordship also sent a note to Lord John Russell, of
which the following is a copy :
"My Lord,—l feel it to be my duty to place before von tho
enclosed copies of letters I have received, and addressed to the
Directors of the Sun l' ire Office, upon the subject of the sale
of the property saved from the fire at Penning's Wharf. My
chief object in troubling your Lordship is, that at this season
of the year the hop-pickers are supplied with such food.
" I have the honour to remain,
" Your Lordship's obedient servant,
" W. T. COPELAND."
