Sweepstakes of 50 ,o7s. each, L. ft., for 2 yr. olds. T. Y. C.

Six Subgerihers.
Mr. Walker's Delirium, by Filho da Puta
Mr. J. Smith's f. by Jerry Snowball
Betting-2 to 1 on Delirium.

The two rat: together to the distance, where the Jerry
filly wa. in trouble, had a taste of the whip, and was beaten
a length cleverly. The winner carried the full weight,
and wag not touched.

Ssv,epstakes of 20 toys. each ; for 3 yr.-olds ; colts, Bst.
51b. ; fiqies, sst. 21b. Mile Brod three quarters. (5
Subscribers.)
Mr. Walker's Anne, sister to Tarrare
Mr. Watt's Belshazzar, by Blackock 2
Mr. Gully's hr. c. Spider, and Mr. Reed's b. c. Slinker,
were not placed.
Betting-7 to 4. on Relsbazzir, and 3to I agst. Anne.
Slinker made play at a lair pace, Belshazzar lying second,
Anne third, and Spider last, there being about a length
betwixt each. The horses closed at the wood, and kept so
to the bridge, where Scott stole away trz.in his horses 8
or 10 lengths, the others act to to regain this pound, so
that at the distance Anne and Belshazzar were together ;
a neck and neck race between these two terminated in
favour of Anne by half a head only.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FliO3l LLOYD'S.

DEAL, 3InY 14.—Arrived the Atalante, French frigate,
with Hear-Admit al Mackan, and remains. Arrived and sailed
Ibr the river, the I3e;wickshire, from China. Sailed the out-
ward bound.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY U.—Wind S.E.—Passed by the Ber-
wickshire and Edinburgh, from Chin,:; the Duke of Northum-
berland, Pope, from Bengal ; the Sir g. PAget, Pollock, from
Bombay and Mount Stewart ; and the Opi?iiutpne, Elliot,
from Madras.

PLYMOUTH, May variable.—Arrived the
Midas, Kemath, from Bahia ; the geparateur, Beaupre, from
'Matanzas ; and the Exeter, Fidler, from 41icant.
FALMOUTH, May- 14.—Wind S.W. 144 breezes.—Ar.
rived the Mutine packet from the Leeward Islands---sailed
from St. Thomas's on the 15th ult. ; the Amethyst, Robridge,
from Bahia ; the Favourite, Christie, from Pernambuco ; and
the Redport, Gibbon, from Vigo.
SCILLY, Mu( 14.—Arrived off port the Ruth, from Ja.
maim
DovER, MAY 14.--Arrived off port the Dublin packet,
Burt, from Malta.

LIVERPOOL, MAI- la—Arrived.
and the Harriet, Hutchinson,
from matrhaen(h:am ' hieftaiii Morney,
,
the Trinidad
packet, Griffiths, from Barbadoes; the sallyAn"
from Bermuda; the Allemande, Ferrara, from %enllaywOod,
the
Sea Nymph, Smith, from Leghorn; the Apollo, Black,a from
Marseilles ; and the Minerva, Zabal, and Alexander, from °rn
Se
vile Off port, the Heroine and Antield, from Jamaica ; and
the Ardent, from Demerara.
DUBLIN, MAY U.-Arrived the Agaphea, Scanlan, from
Campeachy ; the Brothock, Watson, from Gibraltar ; the
Frederica, Reyner, and Vigilant, Ramstel„ from Memel; and
the Mary James, from Lontion.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAY 15, 1833.

Mr. STANLEY brought forward last night the
anxiously expected resolutions on the subject of
slavery, in a speech of considerable length, power,
and eloquence. The publication of the substance of
the resolutions having however made the public
fury aware of the details of the Ministerial plan,
the Right Honourable Gentleman stated no new
facts of imporance. The question of the loan of
the 15,000,0001. is put in a somewhat clearer light
than it was, but is hardly satisfactorily solved,
The Right Hon. Gentleman informs us, that it is
eit'er to be repaid by this country or by the slaves,
to the lenders. It is, as Mr. BUXTON said himself,
desirable to know which is intended by his Majesty's
Government. This, however, is not the only
difficult point opened by Mr. STANLEY'S speech,
and we shall therefore content ourselves with saying
that we approve of the principles on which his
Majesty's Ministers have proceeded, but wish that
,he details by which it is proposed to carry them
into effect were less complicated. Mr. STANLEY'
was followed by Lord HowicK who presented
us with the somewhat curious spectacle of
opposing the measure of the Government of which
his father is the head. We must postpone, how-
ever, making any comments upon his speech. The
debate was adjourned, in order that the House might
have time to consider of the propositions made by
his Majesty's Ministers till Thursday, the 30th May.

Earl FITZIVILLIAM'S resolutions respecting the
corn laws were last night negatived by the House
of Lords. They simply affirmed the prices of wheat
at different periods, under our existing system, and
stated other undeniable consequences of the law; hut
their Lordships have been pleased to deny that
white is white, that black is black, and that two and
two make four. The Noble Earl, in a most lumi-
nous speech, exposed the miserable policy, the bare-
faced tyranny, the sordid selfishness, of the aristo-
cratic legislation under which the people groaned.
Their Lordships heard him with much of the same
indifference that a flock of wolves may be imagined
to hear the plaint of their dying victims. They feel
strong in possession of the power to negative an alte-
ration of the iaw ; they think themselves secure in the
enjsyment of their plunder; but although their time
be not yet come, they may rely upon it that aacertainly
as there is a ilrop of justice to avenge the wrongs of
the weak, the poor, and the oppressed, the day is
not far distant when every vestige of their monopoly
will be swept away. Eirl FITZWILLIAM told their
Lordships in plain language that they considered
nothing but their own pockets, that their short-
sighted selfishness prevented them from doing what
was just towards the rest of the community—that
they had seen the folly of prohibiting foreign ma-
nufactures, and hail radu;ed the duties upon them
to thirty per cent., but that they carefully kept
up the, duty on foreign corn at sixty or seventy
per cent. Whet did the Earl of RIPON, prosperity
ROBINSON, who had beieil inerrumental in bringing in
foreign manufactures, say in answer to this ? That he
heard with pain the constant effort made to set one
interest against another f. This would be ludicrous,
could anything which involves the happiness of mil-
lions excite in ue a feeling of merriment. Why,
the thieves in the streets make the same outcry
About the interest of the public being set up against
theirs. The only difference between the two sets
of individuals is, that the first are the descendants
of lop Wll9 Etillic4 from their castles and robbed on

horseback, whilst the others are descended from men
uo robbed on foot. The highwaymen, the rob-
bers by wholesale, have put down the simple foot-
pad, the mere pickpocket, and declared their self-
protective system illegal. To preserve the appearance
of decency, they haVe altered their own mode of
taking from the means of the people. The power
they formerly exercised is still exercised, but in a
different way. Instead of harrying an industrious
man, and levying blackmail upon him, they now
station their dependents at the sea-ports, to
prevent the entry of food, and take the ar-
tizans' money under the colourable transaction
of a sale of provisions. It remains to be seen how
long this juggle can be maintained, not only in the
face of justice, in the face of right, in the face of starv-
ing thousands, but in the face of the confessions of
the most enlightened of the monopolists themselves,
We have said that the time is not yet come for the
settlement of this account between the buyers and
sellers of food ; the question of slavery, perhaps ( f
the church, must first be disposed of. We shall not
therefore en'er inta tae details of the Earl of RIPON'S
arguments; but he made one or two assertions so ex-
cessively absurd, but at the same time wearing some
appearance of plausibility, that we feel bound to
notice them. He asked, " Would it not be likely to
prolong the reign of anarchy and outrage in Ireland,
by depressing the condition of all persons dependent
on the cultivation of corn for subsistence ?" Time
was, when the monopolists considered corn
coming from Ireland as coming from a foreign
country, and opposed freedom of trade with that
country as much as they now do with France. The
friends of justice at length triumphed, and Ireland
has been long allowed to send her produce to this
country. We believe that there are Irish landlords
who, notwithstanding they have suffered by the
monopolizing spirit of the English, now that they
are admitted to its benefits, are willing to take
up the arguments they formerly combatted; but
this makes no difference in the justice due to the in-
habitants of the Irish as well as of the English
town population. Again; the Earl of RIPON said,
" His Noble Friend would thus strike a deadly blow
at the prosperity of the colonies, and cut off emi-
gration, the only remaining resource of multitudes
of indigent families." The first part of this sentence
is not founded in fact ; the second admits the enor-
mous magnitude of the evils, the very existence of
which is denied. What ! the people do not suffer in
consequence of the scarcity occasioned by the corn
laws, and yet find it so difficult to procure food in their
native land that they are obliged to seek it elsewhere?
The fact is, that emigration would, to a certain ex-
tent, cease for a time, if the trade in corn were thrown
open ; not because, as the Earl of RIPON said, that
that " resource of multitudes of indigent families
would be cut off," but because the reason for em

gration would be cut off. There would be no longer
multitudes of indigent families; the starving me•
chanic or artizin would no longer be driven
by hunger to seek subsistence in a strange country,
but would have brought to him a whole loaf in ex-
change for the article which he now with difficulty
sells for the value of half a loaf. However, BALAAM
spoke, and his whole stud brayed their assent to
the wisdom of the proposition. But " patience, and
shuffle the cards."

German Papers contain no matters of public in-
terest. A. letter, dated A.thens, and published in a
Francfort journal, states that the reception of King
OTHo at Athens was of the most enthusiastic
character,

We understand that it is not the intention of
Ministers to press the slavery abolition plan
through Parliament during the present session.
Convinced, from what they have ascertained of the
feeling of the House of Commons on the subject,
that it cannot pass in its present state, they will
probably suffer so much time to be lost in discuss-
ing the details as will make the passing of the mea-
sure impossible during the present year.

Another reinforcement of officers and privates has
just left this country for Oporto. Some money has
also been remitted towards bringing about a final ar-
rangement with SARTORIUS. No doubt is enter-
tained of his agreeing to act on being paid the
amount which is about to he offered to him, in ad-
dition to what he has already received. Ti►e Mar-
quis of PALMF,'LLA is actively engaged in promoting
the Constitutional cause ; but up to this time he
has not been formally re-instated in office. Should
the negotiations between him and Don PRDRO ter-
minatt, ;:tvourably, there will be an important change
in the machinery of the Constitutional Government
at Oporto.
