VVYLD'S GENERAL ATLASES.-
A GENERAL ATLAS of the WORLD, contain-
ng Fifty-iwo M2ps. Colombier folio, full colowea, 101. 10s.
half-bound.

GENERAL ATLAS of the WORLD, containing Thirty
Maps. Full coloured, 61. 6s. half-bound.
QUARTO ATLAS of the WORLD. Full coloured, con-
taining Fifty-two Maps. 2/. 12s. 6d. half-bound.
WYLD'S SCHOOL ATLAS, with a copious Index. 12s.
ATLAS CLASSICA, 12s.
**. These Atlasses contain all the recent discoveries.
GLOBES. s. d.
Wyld's 12-inch Globes on chair, hi.th
stands . 6 • 0
Ditto on short mahogany stands
Ditto on black stands
Wyld's Use of Globes 0 3 0

METROPOLITAN POLITICAL

SUMMARY.

The Courier of last evening, discussing Mr. O'Connell's
speech on Monday in the House of Commons, remarks as
follows :—" A very fertile topic with Mr. O'Connell is
the injustice done to Ireland by the inferior quality of
her Reform Act, as compared with that of England.
Would Mr. O'Connell wish them to have the English
Reform Act, with all its faults, transferred to Ireland?
The Schedule. B Boroughs, almost as rotten now as in
1829 ? the pauper freeholder, and the sorry
slavery of the
tenant at will ? There are advantages, no doubt, in the
English Act which have been withheld from Ireland, but
there are defects in it, the infliction of which has been
spared to Ireland. The very character of the representa-
tives chosen by the Irish constituency, is a sufficient reply
to the delusive sophism to which Mr. O'Connell is
never weary of returning."
The Globe inclines to the opinion that the Lords will
pass the Portuguese Slave Trade Bill, which in its first
form, they rejected the other evening, observing :—" The
course their Lordships in their wisdom may be pleased to
take, in order to extricate themselves from the dilemma in
which they have involved themselves, remains to be seen.
The immediate condemnation of their conduct in rejecting
the former Bill, not merely by the Members of the Commons
who are opposed to the principles and policy in which a
majority of their Lordships rejoice, but by the most distin.
guished of their own party in the House of Commons,
may, possibly, induce them to pause ere they, by a repeti-
itniodnigonfantht efiereahcntg, dwriatwh
wdownh utphoen g themselves
o ft hteh
eb unrastti
nation
will not fail to visit the disappointment of its hopes of
seeing an effectual check placed on the prosecution of this
infernal traffic."

The Standard, in a leading article, the text of which is
furnished by the Lords' erasure on Monday of some of the
clauses of the Metropolitan Police Improvement Bill, thus
attacks the Melbourne administration :--" The House of
Lords, thanks to the perseverance of Lord Lyndhurst and
Lord Brougham, atoned last evening for the error of
having sanctioned the second reading of the Metropolitan
Police Improvement Bill, by striking out some of its most
objectionable clauses. Enough, however, remains to
render the Bill highly unconstitutional and mischievous.
By no Government that has ever presided over the affairs
of Great Britain, have the liberties of the people,
in the truest and most healthy signification of the
phrase, been less respected than by that of Lord
Melbourne. With all the common-places of liberality
continually in their mouths, they have contrived to
avoid exhibiting, by any single measure, the slightest
sympathy for the humbler classes of the community. On
the contrary, they have treated them uniformly as if worthy
only of the distinguished honour of being their slaves.
This total disregard of the feelings and necessities of the
lower orders, has been a marked feature of Lord Mel-
bourne's Government; and would have proved more ob-
noxious than it has, but for the interposition of the House
of Lords."

The Times of this morning, after queling a remark
made by the Duke of Wellington in the House of Lords
on Thursday night, to the effect that her Majesty's forces
ought to be augmented in all parts of her dominions, adds :
Ministers will not now before Parliament separates,
apply for the means of establishing an adequate military
force, because they dare not at the end of this Session fix
the Radicals in an opposition which will tell against them
at the very commencement of the next. Before that time
new circumstances may have arisen to change the whole
scheme of our establishments. A turbulent winter at home,
the affairs of India, the designs of Russia—some, or all
of these, may involve us in new exigencies, and smooth the
approach to an increased supply. But it may even come to
pass that this supply will be raised by a Conservative Admi-
nistration; that the single will of the Crown may cease to out-
weigh the desire of the country for a total change of men
and measures ; and then the responsibility of an augmented
force will be shifted from the Whigs to another set of Mi-
nisters, whose policy those Whigs will instantly hold them-
selves at liberty to thwart and starve. For all these rea-
sons the Ministers will wholly disregard the counsel of the
Duke to strengthen their hands by an addition to their
military force."

The Morning Advertiser observes, in the course of a
leading article commenting on the course of policy pursued
by Ministers in Ireland:—" By the repression of the ram-
pant propensities of the higher classes in Ireland, and by
the just and impartial administration of the laws, the Go-
vernment have been enabled to use prompt and active
measures to prevent faction-fights and other causes of dis-
turbance among the lower classes. At the same time the
work of national education has been in unremitting pro-
gress, notwithstanding the resistance of the factious. This
mingled policy of firmness, justice, instruction, and well-
administered clemency, has done more for the peace of
Ireland in a few years than armies could force in half a
century, if ever."
The Morning Chronicle, alluding to some recent pro-
The Lords,
w
ceedings in the House of Lords, says :—" To lament the
folly of the House of Lords, and say that things would
all be very well if the Tory Lords would only return to
aibthetttehe better wsuaeyeoesfs of
thinkeainegh,
eisxspheeriemr
eimntb.ecfeileitl encouraged toy'
act still more outrageously. If the mob at Birmingham
had been suffered to have their way, would four houses
even the appearance
only have been consumed ? Neither Cromwell nor Bo-
naparte, in their outset, contemplated the height to which
they would arrive. The Lords, in like manner, began
with some show of respect for propriety. Every year,
however,
Theyti) ey
have improved
utterly
casttha that
aside which
preceded it ; and
this year

smugglingli ; most
might
° i
gb
he t
. .
f decency."
whethebrreiasykredreagntesspoifriatsleslassoihiludrtnroutl
Th o Morning Herald observes, with rvvreefhseeprtechncetc;e:gGt oosvpaeiprriiet::
colfasssuoecf
mdt ieteiaonl spirit-
dealers rdpsor:ee:s presented
Itdv
imionlaayttleibeae Lords
de
gravely
sudttoyu night,btefd
classessh
stimulants ; and
in failing to check by
all fair means the consumption of ardent spirits. It may
be doubted, for instance,
be raised by means of heavy taxation, to a price so high as
to
no j
übree
d nearlyb) i
n inaccessibleduigenc e in toth thee
use
nwohtebtheeorb,
vaitattehde, sbaymeretnimdeer,intlgle
character, cheaper and better."
The Morning Post, speaking of the Admiralty Court
Bill, which was rejected by the Lords last night, states as
follows :—" We heartily congratulate the country on the
defeat of the Lushington job last night in the House of
Lords. A Bill for the regulation of the office of
Judge of the Admiralty Court, which certainty needs regu-
lation, will, be introduced next Session, 'and it will proba-
bly become law if it disqualifies that judicial officer for a
seat in the House of Commons—not otherwise." .

Aof NtyIeEAELxeTteHrYToCwOnRCITuRnAiITornONFr.--iday the Atthe
citymeet-
in; trea-
surer declared that he had neither money nor credit, and
that the city did not possess the funds to pay 3/. for a sup-
ply of potatoes to the gaol.— Western Herald.
