you may be falsely accused of a crime—l mean the mea-
sure for giving counsel to prisoners. Who advocated that ?
Wss it not myself and the supporters of the Liberal party ?
Just fancy yourself brought into a Court of Justice—a
crowd around you—an ingenious speech made by counsel
against you—heated and embarrassed as a man must
be when attempting to speak in public for the first time,
do you think that his powers would not fail him—
do you think it possible he could make a speech with
any effect ? I therefore said counsel must be given to.
a person accused of any crime. I say, then, is the
party which advocated the abolition of slavery, the giving
of counsel to prisoners, the abolition of flogging in the
army—are they, I say, wanting in human kindness, and do
you believe they are not fully as much prepared as any of
the Tory party to remove oppression from you in every case
in which oppression is found to exist.—(Cheers.) I do not
mean to find fault with Mr. Hurrell for what he said when

speaking of my friendship for the Church, became he ap-
peared to be speaking under great excitement, and I think
he could hardly be aware of the force of his expression. I
will not impute to any person holding that rank in society
which entitles him to come forward and propose a candi-
date, that he intended to commit a gross impertinence, and
to say that we were a pollution to the Church. I know
what it is to speak in public, and I know how apt a man is to
say more than he really meant, and I can excuse Mr. Hurrell
for what he has said.—{Mr. Hurrell—l admit I worded it
rather too strong.] But is it a greater pollution for a man like
myself—is it a greater abuse for him to go into the Church,
than for that Church to be made to bear the emblem of a po-
litical party? Ido not profess to be very straight-laced,
but I was shocked when I saw the blue flag flying from
the tower of the Church (St. Mary's) in this town.
Does the clergyman, or the person who sanctioned it,

or the churchwarden—does he think to promote. Chris•
