IMPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, MONDAY, MAY 6.

The SPEAKER took the chair at twelve o'clock.
Sir 0 MOSLEY brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Walton and Trent Road Bill, the amend-
ments to which were read a second time.
Sir W. CHAYTOR presented a petition from certain
shareholders of the Clarence (Durham) Railway Company,
against certain parts of the Bill before the House, for an
extension of the line.
Referred to the Committee on the Bill.

Mr. CHILDERS brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Royston Roads Bill, the amendments to
which were read a second time:
Mr. MARSHALL brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Wortley (Yorkshire) Enclosure Bill.
The amendments were read a second time.

Mr. CHRISTMAS presented a petition from the
Chamber of Commerce, at Waterford, against the St.
George's Steam Packet Company's Bill.
Mr. BARRON supported the prayer of the petition.
Referred to the Committee on the Bill.
On the motion of Lord WATERPARK, the Laken-
heath (Suffolk) Enclosure Bill was read a second time,
and committed,
On the motion of Mr. BELL, the West Auckland
Roads Bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. E. G. STANLEY presented a petition from the
township of Dutton in the parish of Stockport against the
Bill now before the House for repairing the church at
Stockport, and complaining of the large sums of money
which had been raised by an irresponsible body, under va-
rious Acts of Parliament, for that purpose.
On the motion of Sir G. PHILLIPS the Stratford and
Moreton Roads Bill was read a second time.
On the motion of Lord G. SOMERSET the amend-
ments to the Ross, Ahergavenny, and Hay Roads Bill
were read a second time.
Os the motion of Mr. THICKNESSE, the Manchester
and Salter's Brook Road Bill was read a third time, and
passed.
On the moion of Mr. TOOKE, the Kentish Tosin and
Holloway-road Bill was read a second time.
Mr. DAWSON presented three petitions (we could
not learn from whence), two of which were for the better
observance of the Sabbath, and one for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. BARRON presented three petitions from parishes
in the county of Devon, praying that parishes might hence-
forth be exempted from statute labour.
Ordered to be referred to the Committee on the general
Highways Bill.

Mr. FAITHFUL presented a petition from Chiches-
ter, signed by 3,000 or 4,000 persons, praying for some
legislative enactment to prevent bribery and corruption at
elections, for the vote by ballot, and for shortening the
duration of Parliaments. The petitioners complained of
the extensive system of bribery and corruption practised
at the elections for Chichester, as well as at other places,
and of the expense to which candidates were put by the
adoption and continuation of that system. If no other
Hon. Member should introduce a measure to prevent per-
sons having seats in the House which they obtained by
means such as those described by the petitioners, he (Mr.
Faithful) would do it.—(Hear, hear ) He next pre-
sented petitions from the male adults of Leslie, and from
the females of Leslie, for the immediate abolition of
slavery, without allowing any compensation to the slave
owners, in one of which was a remarkable expression,
viz., " that if those traffickers in Africa's sans and
daughters insisted on compensation, let them he gratified
with the compensation afforded by British Judges in other
cases, and in the same way that was affeided to thieves
and murderers."—(A laugh.) He also presented a pe-
tition from the Chairman and Secretary of an association
at Hereford, signed in the name of the members gene-
rally, for an abolition of the annuity tax.
Lord A. LENNOX said, as one of the Members for the
city of Chichester, he was bound to say a few words
with respect to the petition presented by the Hon. Mena •
ber. That very considerable sums of money had been
expended there on elections was very true; but the House
would, perhaps, not think that at all strange when they
were told that there had been five very severe contested
elections within seven years. That was also a good ground
for an unusual consumption of beer—a beverage which
both the late House and the present one seemed to think
the people could not get too much of.—(Hear, hear.)
As far ss related to him or his friends, be would most
strongly deny that there had been either undue influence
or bribery—he sat there by the free choice of as inde-
pendent a constituency as any in the kingdom. He could
not agree with the petitioners in their prayer for short
Parliaments and vote by ballot, but with that part of
their prayer which related to the speedy and sure con-
viction of candidates who attempted bribery he most
heartily concurred.—(Cheers.)
Lord GEORGE LENNOX presented a petition from
B agnor, praying for the abolition of slavery, and one from
George Earl of Egremont, and other persons, against the
new beer shops.
Sir E. WILMOT presented fifteen petitions from
the county of Warwick, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. DILLWYN presented a petition front Glamorgan-
shire, praying for the abolition of the duty on malt.
Lord HENNIKER presented a petition from a hun-
dred in the county of Suffolk, praying for the abolition of
the duty on malt and hops.
Mr. A. PELHAM presented several petitions from
places in the county of Lincoln, praying for the abolition
of slavery, and the better observance of the Sabbath.
Also one praying that no alteration might be made in the
corn laws.

Mr. PINNEY pre.ented a petition from Lyme Regis
praying for an inquiry into the state of their corporation.
—Referred to th, Committee.

Col. TORRENS presented a petition from a person
named Robert Gourlay, complaining of losses he sustained
in Canada, and praying for an inquiry into his case.

. .
Mr. Alderman WOOD pr( sented a petition from the
freemen and cit wens of the city of London, praying for
the establishment of a system of poor laws in Ireland.
Also one from the company of Free Vintners of London,
complaining that the Justice of Peace BM, which was
before the House, as it then stood, would take away a
privilege they had enjoyed since the time of James 1.,
viz. the power to grant their members licenses to sell
wine ; and one from the market-gardeners near London,
praying that coff,e-shops might he allowed to be open at
an earlier hour than at present.
Mr. HUME observed that he had several petitions si-
milar to the one presented by the Hon. Alderman with
respect to coffee-houses. He trusted the House would be
disposed to look favourably on the subject.
Mr. ROTCHE said that many of the coffee-houses,
especially in the neighbourhood of Covent-garden, were
kept open for the worst of purposes.—(Hear.) He
hoped, if the House resolved to give the coffee-houses any
further advantages than they now possessed, it would take
care that these advantages were exercised for the bona fide
benefit of the public. With respect to the petition pre
sented by the Hon. Alderman from the Vintner's Com-
pany, he thought that company ought to he satisfied with
exercising their privileges within the city of London.
Mr. HUME thought the time had now arrived when
all such privileges should be done away ; if the informa-
tion he had received was correct, the houses licensed by
the Vintner's Company generally turned out to be :4 a
far worse description than others.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR concurred entirely with the
prayer of the petition presented by the Hon. Alderman,
for the introduction of poor liws into Ireland, considering
it as the only means of tranquilizing that unhappy country.

HO-USE AND WINDOW DUTIES.
Mr. Alderman WOOD gave notice, on the part of one
of the Hon. Members for Marylebone (Sir S. Whalley)
of his intention, on the 13th of the present month, to move
for the repeal of the house and window duties.
Lord MOLYNEUX presented a petition for the better
observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. Y ELVERTON presented several petitions from
parishes in Carmarthen, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. A. LEFROY presented a petition from Longord,
for the better observance of the Sabbath, and praying that
no legislation on the subject that would oppress the poor.
General SHARPE presented a petition from Dumfries,
praying for a revision of the Scotch law, particularly that
relating to slavery,
Mr. PEASE presented petitions from Priest Line
Chapel, Ripon ; from Gainsford, Darlington, North Cow-
ton, Kilallee, the S,:cioty of Friends, Whitehaven, Childoc,
and a great number of other places, for the abolition of
slavery; from Bethel Chapel, Somerstown, for the better
observance of the sabbath ; from Darlington, in the coun:y
of Durham, for an alteration in the law with respect to
Marine Insurances ; from Ripon, signed by 150 persons,
complaining of the abuses of that corporation ; and from
Mount Bellie, for the introduction of poor laws into
Ireland.

Sir A. AGNEW presented petitions from Thorp, Der-
byshire, for the abolition of slavery, and for the better
ebservance of the Sabbath ; from Northallerton, Ha-
verley, Falkirk, and Cheltenham.
MIr.DUNCOMIBE presented petitions from Aldborou gh,
Skelton, Taacaster, end Wilton, Farnborough, and Pick•
hill, in the West Riding of the county of York, for the
better observance of the Sabbath, against the beer shops.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented 400 petitions in favour of
the immediate and entire abolition of colonial slavery from

all parts of Ireland, Scotland, England, and Wales, mca'
numerously signed. The Hon. Member, in presenting th,
petitions adverted to the importance and respectability o'
the deputation which lately waited on Government on thi,
subject.

Sir H. BURDON presented several petitions from
Bewness, and other places, for the better observance of
the Sabbath, and one for the repeal of the stamp duties.
Mr. LEICESTER presented a petition from Poole for
the abolition of slavery.

Mr. METHUEN presented petitions from Littleton,
Castlecomb, and from the females of Cullom, in the county
of Wilts, fur the immediate abolition of slavery ; also a
petition from a place in Berkshire against the beer shops.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON presented a petition from the
Procurator of Glasgow, praying that in any alteration in
the Bankrupt Laws of Scotland, provision :night be made
for conforming a jurisdiction on the Sheriffs' Courts of
that country.
Mr. SHAWE presented several petitions front parishes
in the county of Suffolk, for tlae abolition of slavery, with
safety to the slave proprietors ; a petition from Lowes-
toffe, for the better observance of the Sabbath ; from
the mackerel fishermen of the same place, against
any legislative enactment for the obserrance of the Sab-
bath which might be injurious to their trade; from Hales-
worth, in Suffolk, praying for a law fur the more speedy
recovery of debts under 201. ; and from the Magistrates
and jurymen of the Quarter Sessions of Suffolk, for an
alteration in the Beer 13;1—The latter petition was or-
dered to be referred to the Committee on the Beer Bill.

Sir A. AGNEW, in reference to the petition from the
mackerel fishermen of Lowestoffe, was understood to say
that he had made inquiry, and ascertained that it was by
no means necessary, as was imagined by some, that the
trading in mackerel should be carried on on the Sabbath.

Mr. B. KING presented two petitions from Warwick,
one for the repeal of the house and window taxes, and the
other for the abolition of slavery.
111 r. CHILDERS presented petitions from the town-
ships of Blsxton and Aukley, in the West Riding of York,
paying to be relieved from all control of the Corporation
of Doncaster, and to he placed under the jurisdiction of the
Justices of the West Riding of the county of York.

Mr. BETHELL presented petitions from Marfleet, Cot.
tingham, Hetherington, Leatherhead, and a great number
of ether places, against shivery.
Mr. HALL presented a petition from Altwhittle for
the alqdition of slavery, and another from St. Ice's for in-
quiry into corporation abuses.

Sir R. HILL presented a petition from the freeholders
and occupiers of land in the county of Salop, signed by
1,800 persons, praying far the repeal of the malt tax.
The Hon. Member regretted that the House had so soon
varied its decision on this great question. Also a petition
from Wellington for the abolition of slavery, and from
\Vigsal! and Priest to the same effect.

Si: R. SINIEON presented petitions from Yarmouth,
Cowes, Ryde, Fresh Water, and six other places, against
slavery.
Mr. F. HOWARD presented similar petitions from the
borough of Morpeth.
Mr. SHEPPERD presented a petition from the ladies
of Frotne, containing 1,400 signatures, for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented petitions from a parish in
Monmouth for the better observance of the Sabbath ;
and from the Anabaptists of the Tredegar Iron Works
for the abolition of slavery.
Lord G. BENTINCK presented petitions from King's-
Lynn for the immediate abolition of slavery.
Lord G. BENTINCK then presented a petition from
the Baptists of the same town, praying that they might
be relieved from being compelled to celebrate their mar-
riages in the established church.

Mr. FENTON presented twelve petitions, praying for
the abolition of slavery, from places in the West Riding of
Yorkshire.

Sir GEORGE GREY presented a petition from the
Dissenters of Stonehouse to the same effect.

Mr. CRAWLEY presented petitions from Dunstable
and other places, to the same effect.
Mr. NICHOLL presented a petition from the clergy
of Llandaff against the Irish Church Reform Bill and for
the better observance of the Sabbath Day.

Mr. JONES presented a petition from Londonderry,
praying that the toll granted to the Corporation by Geo.
IV. might be abolished, as the public had received no be-
nefit from the corporation in lieu of it.
Mr. TRELAWNEY presented petitions from Launces-
ton, and other places inCornwall, for the abolition of slavery.
Lord EASTNOR presented a petition from Leamington
against the house and window duties, and from Ryegate
for the better observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. K J. STANLEY presented several petitions against
slavery, from Cheshire.
Mr P. HOWARD presented a petition from Carlisle,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Lord SANDON presented a petition from Liverpool,
signed most numerously and respectably, and among
others by several of the clergy, praying the House to
pass the Bill for the removal of the disabilities
of the Jews ; and one from the Presbyterians of Lan-
cashire, in favour of the better observance of the
Sabbath ; also one from the proprietor of the Liverpool
Theatre, in favour of the opening of the monopoly in that
trade ; and one from Liverpool, praying for the introduc-
tion of a modifii,d system of poor laws into Ireland.
Mr. TOOKE presented a petition from the Baptists of
Truro, for the abolition of Slavery, with safety to the
slave proprietors.
Mr. BROCKLEHURST presented a petition from the
primitive Methodists of Macelesfied to the same effect.
Mr. TALBOT presente I two petitions from Bridge-
end, against the Beer Bill, and against removing the
a.sizes from Cardiff; and five petitions from Buidge-end
Llaogillan, and other places in the county of Glamorgan'
for the abolition of slavery.
Lord CLIVE presented a petition from Oswestry, for
the better observance of the Sabbath.

Sir H. WILLOUGHBY presented a petition from
Newcastle, Staffordshire, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. THROGMORTON presented two petitions
against slavery from Newbury and Hungerford. The
Hon. Member brought up the report of the Committee on
the Tyfield and St. John's Roads petition, and obtained
leave to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. FITZGERALD presented a petition from Louth,
for an alteration in the Grand Jury laws of Ireland.—
Referred to the Committee on the Irish Grand Jury Bill.
Mr. V. SMITH presented a petition from certain Bap-
tists in Ishngbury, county of Northampton, for the aboli-
tion of slavery.

Mr. STEWART presented a petition from Jedburgh
for the abolition of the receipt stamp duty, and from Had-
dington against the present system of church patronage.
Mr. VERNON presented a great number
of petitions from various dissenting congregations
and from various parishes in the counties of Derby, Lei-
cester, and Nottingham, for the abolition of slavery, :Led
for the hettee observance of the Sabbath. Also a petition
from Dover, for the repeal of the house and window tax.
Colonel MA lIERLEY presented a petition from Chat-
ham, for the repeal of the house and window tax.
Sir J. B. LENNARD presented various petitions from
places in Ea.:ex, for the abolition of slavery.
Col. CONOLLY presented a petition from the rate-
payers of Donnegal far an alteration of the grand jury
assessment. The Hon. Member also presented several pe
titions for the abolition of slavery, and the better observ-
ance of the Sabbath. Also a petition from the diocese of
Cork against the Irish Church Reform Bill.
Lord LOWTHER pres,mied a similar petition from the
Chancellor and d ocese of Carlisle.

Mr. MARTIN presented three petitions from Tewkes-
bury, against slavery.

The SPEAKER then left the chair.

KING'S TITEATRE.—DONIZETTI'S opera of
Anna Bolena was repeated at this theatre on Saturday
Madame PASTA again personating the heroine, and, after
saying that this lady played and sung as well as ever, all
further praise of a performance so beautiful and so perfect
would be in as bad taste as gilding refined gold or painting
lilies. The opera was succeeded by the ballet of Faust,
in which both PAULINE LEROUX and the younger ELSLER
acquitted themselves with more than their wonted skill and
energy, as the general and hearty applause of the audience
testified. TAGLIONI, however, "la djesse de la danse,"
bore away the bell, as she deserved to do, easily.

HEALTII OF THE METROPOLIS.--The
last two or three days of more genial weather have much
diminished the number of sufferers from influenza; but
those who consider themselves convalescent are en-
during an extraordinary
sl aortine epidemicarydegree of the lastofdebilityf enroemttlutety has
effects
of the disease.
indeed committed such ravages among all classes—the
young and the active, as well as the old and the ailing;
and althcugh the cholera was more dreaded, we are as-
sured, on the highest medical authority, that among the
higher and the middling classes the influenza has proved
the most fatal. The aged and the consumptive present
few instances of a recovery, and we understand that many
persons of strong constitution are now labouring und,r
dangerous relapses. A clergyman of the chapel of ease, in
the Hampstead-road, announced on Sunday last from
the pulpit, that he had in one week buried 100 of
h's parishioners; and we believe that the mortality in
other parishes has been nearly in the same proportion.

LITERATURE.

HIS TORY OF MORAL SCIENCE.

Mr. Blakey, the author of an essay cn
" Moral Good and Evil," which we do net
happen ever to have seen, has published two oc-
tavo volumes bearing the above title. They con-
sist mainly of notices of the lives and analyses
of the principal writers on morals and meta-
physics, without having upon their face much
appearance of that condensation, selection, and
arrangement v%hich we look for in histories of
all kinds. The work will, however, be useful to
thoseoanndlonly
who wish t
metaphysical
pal
yesiactaol
present r
writers,ensoe nt%h vaca the
qwt
uitahin dtwei did,
whose
moral
without the trouble of readin their o voluminous hseaven.asmaide
works.s,
a

His MAJESTY ill, we rejoice to say, entirely
free from any symptoms of either gout or influenza. A
gentleman, who had the honour of an audience with the
KING at St. James's Palace, previously to his departure
for Windsor on Friday, states that he never saw his MA.
JESTY in better health.

THE INFLUENZA...4H Leeds, and in most
of the towns of Yorkshire, this disorder prevails to a
considerable extent, but it is by no means so general as in
M mehester and Liverpnol, where it is said to be almost
universal.—Leeds Mercury.

The new Novel of " Godolphin" is variously
attributed to the pen of the gallant Colonel C--; to
a celebrated Divine, whose previous works have delighted
the world of letters—need we mention the name of th,
author of " Salad:6a ?"—and to the noble author of
" The Contrast." Whoever be the writer, certain it is
that no work of recent appearance is calculated to.create
so startling a sensation. A celebrated Countess is men
boned as the heroine of the story.

INFLUENZA.—This epidemic still prevails to
a great degree throughout the city, and must have had a
corresponding effect in retarding business, as it is ❑o un-
usual occurrence for a person, in making three or four
successive calls, to find each indvidual affected. In the
police establishment, out of 260 men, 100 have been
already seized, or two-fifths of the whole, which propor-
tion, if applied to the community at large, may afford II)
bad criterion of the extent of the disease.—Caledonian
Mercury.
INCENDIARISM IN CAMIRIDGE.-011
Sa-
turday last the inhabitants of Shelford were again thrown
into alarm by the cry of " Fire," which was discovered
•a be on the p'emises •ccupied by Mr. W. CAMBRIDGE,
but through the prompt assistance of the neighbours, the
fire was confined to the barn, the farm containing only two
small barns and a cottage, occupied by two families, who
were in bed at the time the fire broke mat. This is tie
eighth fire at Great Sbelford within four years.—Cam-
bridge Press. _

FIRE AND SHEEP SLAYING AT MIDDLE-
TON CHENET.-The eta•e of Middleton Cheney. in this
county, has within the last fortnight become most alarm-
ing, from the indulgence of malice to an extent truly
dreadful. On Tuesday night week seven sheep. the pro-
perty of a farmer named RICHARDSON, were stabbed and
left in a most horrid condition in a field ; and on Sunday
night last the lone farm buildings of Mr. JONES were con
sumed by fire. The corn, which belonged to the tenant,
was insured, but the farm, belonging to Mr. HOATIN, the
landlord, was not. This is the third fire committed in
this parish within six months, and what has lately been
done was threatened in an anonymous letter addre's •d to
an inhabitant of Middleton Cheney so early as February.
The object seems to be the dismissal of an unpopular de•
puty-overseer, and the farmers, alarmed for their property,
are actually endeavouring to get this effected.—North-
ampton Herald.
Emigration still continues on a large scale
from the port of London ; and the number of persons of
various stations in life, but principally consisting of me-
chanics and their families, agriculturists, and tradesmen of
small capital, who have left the docks in various
ships since the commencement of the year, for New
South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, Canada, and the
United States, has averaged two hundred per week. Two
American ships bound to New York, carrying out two
hundred emigrants, exclusive of cabin passengers, were
hauled out of the St. Katharine Dock the week before
last. The Ann, Captain Haan, left the London Dock on
Thursday, and Gravesend on Monday, for Hobart Town,
with ninety passengers. A great many vessels are now
fitting out.

TURN-OUT EXTRAORDINARY.—The card-
setters in the neighbourhood of Scholes, Hightown, &c.,
chiefly women, held a meeting, to the number of about
1,500, last Monday, at Peep Green, at which it was de..
termined not to set any more cards at less than a halfpenny
-A-thousand. Hitherto the price has been halfpenny for
from 1,200 to 1,300. At the same time it was deter •
mined not to take any more goods in payment for wages,
the baneful truck system being still carried onlay some of
the masters.—Leeds Mercury.

Mr. KEAN passed a restless night on Friday.
He talked incoherently of divers ladies, who had, he said,
appointed to come and sing to him—among whom be
mentioned Miss STEriums, whose syren notes were to
beguile him into sleep. Mr. CARPUS paid him a friendly
visit in the afternoon, and observed that be never yet saw
a man placed in similar circumstances with Mr. KE.as,
and with his impaired constitution, who survived so long.
A little jelly mixed with brandy and water, and a small
quantity of arrow-root, are all be has taken in the way of
nutriment for several days. He is surrounded with hooka
and newspapers, the contents of which he dips into by
turtis. An old friend visited hits on Saturday afternoon,
and tried to rouse him, by telling hint to cheer up--that
he would live to see brighter and happier days. " No,
no," he replied ; " those days are pa—pa—pas--paased
Floranthe —," forgetting the rem under of the quota-
tion. " Yet 'tis comfort," said his friend, in continua-
tion. " Alt !" said KEAN, anxiously, " 'tie comfort to
bring remembrance full upon the mind—'tis soothing to a
fond and care-worn heart to drop a tear upon the loved
lineaments of her I ne'er can hope to meet again." He
then said it was strange SHERIDAN KNOWLES bad not
arrived, as he had promised to come down, and sing all
his beautiful songs to him. He told Mr. CARPUE that he
did not wish to live, adding that he was past duty, and be
thought all men ought to die when they were past duty.
He spoke of his son CHARLES with great aff,ctioe. and
exprrssA his regret at his being made an actor.— Observer.
Mr. GUTHRIE, in his clinical lecture at the
Westminster Hospital, say.—" I do not know whether is
is advisable to recommend, with Sir Lucius 0' Trigger,
in The Rivals, that gentlemen should stand fair to the
front, in duelling, and be shot clean through one side of
the body, instead of making as small as possible an edge,
by standing sideways, and running the risk of being cer-
tainly killed by the ball penetrating both aides ; but thtia.
I do know, that there is neither charity nor humartiai lot
the manner of choosing the pistols at present aallned.
The balls are so small, that the hole they make is always
a source of inconvenience in the cure; and the quantity
of powder is also so small, that it will not sent a ball
clean through a moderately thick gentlenasn; it therefore
sticks in some place where it should not, to the extreme
die advantage of the patient, and to the great annoyance of
the surgeon. These things really should be altered, with
th., present diffusion of knowledge." _ _ _

DSLCS WELLS.—fhe proprietors of this
theatre are at length returning to the exercise of common
Imre. We have before given our opinion, that as the in-
consist
tuhrbg€uEettniheisesr nit
Li l
in-
habitants of Islington, Peutonville, Claremont-square, acc.
ndeot eAlmyameanl
nantdaiiauumwnssf dre:i
ocrrntateeohel d.nttliuti):mfea at; We
e_t em: ,hrol
~eednikot
iyaui.
0,
it.
zit:
young
rheialra,
ti:ge,tui, ,oesptb:pii:ku:
ebii
:elt‘ts
Arbitres elegantiaruus of so extensive a ne4l,bourhood
half of an evening's entertain.,
S
ought, really, for their own sakes, to study the prevailin
Arswe
of their harps and piano-fortes? Does he happen
particularlyti
itds t taste
1n ase ,
as regardsregardst o
tyoh i
nrede.dordofaiceumnocosg:itaßdieertaeffnri
Songs and other musical compositions, lor the
eototwonxff eeeNknNr anctoseio w that " Sadler's Wells " is not the " Coburg ?.`
And that, previous to his management, such operas as the
Marriage of Figaro, the Barber of Seville, My Native
Land, &c. invariably filled the boxes, pit, and even the
4al er) ? But we need only point to the genteel and at*
tentive audience, who last night assembled to witness 2‘13!..
Foitnes exquisite performance of Don Giovanni, in
proof of the opinion we have advanced. We hope, the"'
fore, that the new Management will take the hint which
we here honestly offer, and proceed at once to the ob.
vi ,u.ly profitable speculation of representing some approved
suggestniusical pieceto A t
r. each Ar., night.it,
who, i
Nv
proprietor
nd dramatist of this establishment, that, pls.e.aing so
capital an orchestra as be does, his labours may be better
employed in writing a comic opera, than in lihdling the
fair set by such a stupidly drawn and erroneou.'v t 0ne,,,iv,4
character as that of his facourits "Ls rece Etersia,"
::eem would,
is atbo thet seine time,
h

I COURT OF KING'S BENCH, MAY
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNAL S. sion for having recourse to it with the highest ' Liverpool, Bristol, Norwich, and other towns were to come, in consequence of the desperate
—........ house:- flan i
degree of efficacy would be irretrievably lost. were abandoned to the old corrupt system ; and condition of the industrious population, all rights Bell public,-house' a big 0,
REX V. THE PROPRIETOR OF TIIE CARLISLE JOURNAL. " Mr. Saunders, near the
The least attentive of observers must have This, in the eyes of some men, would be a grand Hertford, Warwick, Stamford, and other small of property might be swept away. Whatever On a former day, a rule Nisi for a criminal infer- -Please to deliver to the bearer, George Wi°l4
often seen the reckless disregard of party in carry- improvement. A spirit which appears to us the boroughs, were surrendered to the neighboUring
system of finance, therefore, will enable the pro- mation was obtained against the defendant, calling lime, and give him some bread and chee"&./ ()
upon him to show cause why that rule should not to bring the identical bag of lime to the 1::::
w.r oLs-S:lr
bread' H. J. ~ ...,,
ins, any favourite object ; but we believe, the
r., reverse of an honest one pervades this ill-con- Peers. We did not blame the Cabinet of Lord '
ductive industry of the country to recover itself,
be made absolute. The application was made at olecloil
dirty conduct of the two factions-the 1 ones strutted article. No single newspaper is desig- Grey for the imperfection of their plan of Par-
ind ut forth its energies, as in former times, the instance of the Earl of Lonsdale, whom the de- blistered, reedf,eetheofboeninegofobtlhigeePd
and Radicals-on the present occasion of the noted by name, so that the man coloured de- liamentary reform ;as wide a measure was pro- for its 13 rotect I
fit and the eneral advantage of h d 'bit of shoe to p
election for Westminster will surprise even the liaquencies which are predicated of the metropo- posed as the emergency of the occasion, the
sac
the community, will increase the security of the to his
.own use,. with having received charity funds, from the gravel stones.
,
oldest and most suspicious of the watchers of litan press in general, seem not to challenge of state of parties, and the power of the aristocracy
the proceedings of public men. Sir
John Hob- necessity from any given member a suspicion would admit ; but now that a " Reformed Par. ri„, p p y,
*ghts of ro ert whether real or moveable, and with having pensioned his friends and relatives workheuse.,
house, in a plain, straightforward manner, re-But • '
that the affront was intended specifically for it- liament" has conferred power on the Go- whether in land or in the funds. it is only on the country. their immediate admittance into the
Mr. GREGORIL gave the inen,An
Mr. AGLIONP,Y now showed cause against the ------""""-
signed at once his office and his seat, when he self. The real power of the newspaper press has vernment, the country demands that the a total change of the system of taxation that NCE.
rule, but confined his observations to the circum- UNIVERSITY INTELLIGEI
,
felt that he could not give his vote in consistency been grievously misrepresented, and from sinister freedom of election shall be further se- could create a necessity for imposing a property stance of the application for the rule not having , --4.--- bow,' ,
with his duty to the Government of which he motives. It has been termed a " misleading" cured. This object must be the capital duty tax. As to such partial reductions of revenue been made within the time required by the Court Ox •Ont '
FORD, MAY 4.-In a full convocan
__srligo,
formed a part, and to his constituents to whom power. Those who thus describe it assert, in- of the Administration, and an imperative obliga- as those comprehended in the repeal of assessed in cases of this description. Tuesday last, petitions to. bath Houses °f i
,lainTsetrn.'rely
I amend the laws
sir,
utoPessrs'alkwerteo hicw".'bit'S
he had given an implicit promise: men of directly, that the reading public has less discern- lion on the Legislature. The ballot has been taxes and the malt tax, we have no doubt what- Mr. POLLOCK. said that no answer had been given
oAralßi
tiilels tof alterthe Canhiu-.rc
honour recognised in this proceeding the clear- went than a very small proportion of the same refused, on the pretext that it would not insure ever that a truly honest and economical Govern- to the case, and that therefore the rule must be
mou,ly :greed to. • • ' '
sightedness and the courage of a man of no tom- public,-namelv, the half-dozen editors and the end for which it was proposed. But if ment could dispense with them without being made absolute.-Rule made absolute accordingly.
Thursday the following degrees were conferred :-..
REX. V. LUFF.
mc•n understanding and integrity. But what doe- writers of as many dailyjournals. These blunderers those who have opposed that simple and effica- obliged to have recourse to a tax upon property, BACHELOR IN, eisINITY.
to
In this case a rule Nisi fora criminal information Hey Arthur Bennet Mesham Fellow of Corp •
faction say ? The Tories, who never sacrificed allege something, if possible, more absurd, for cious remedy of corruption do not administer or any other impost, by way of substitution.
was obtained : •rist the defendant, Ann Luff the .
place in their lives, cannot understand the pos.. their allegation implies that all the newspapers are other and successful specifics, the opponents of Let them cut down their immense establish- • rgall Kendal T. fh • proprietress o t lennes, or having pub- (With License to praCtise).
sibility of a man resigning his office on a point in the same interest, and promotethe same political the ballot will not only greatly advance the tilti- ments. An account, we are told, is now prepar- Robert Bentley Todd, Pembroke.
c,fished a libel of the same description as those con-
of honour; they therefore industriously propa- „Ejects ; when it is clear as the sun that by far mate success of that mode of election, but they ing at the Treasury, in conformity with a Par- rained in the Carlisle Journal. MASTERS OF ARTS.
Rev. Charles Vink, Magdalen Hall. 1
gate the rumour that the Hon. Baronet has not, ,se,
greater portion of them are, one and all, sen- will stand before the country as avowed and liamentary order, of the gross and not amount of The defendant admitted the publication of the William Palmer, of Magdalen. 1
in fact, resigned; that he has his appointment ; I
tle's over each other's opinions, watchful of the shameless abettors of corruption. The Stafford all taxes repealed, expired or reduced, in each libel in question, and threw herself upon the mercy Rev. James Stevens, St. John's.
snug in his pocket ; and that, as soon as the of the Noble Lord. An affidavit made by the de-
least slip in argument or doctrine, and prompt Indemnity Bill is now the touchstone of the year since the war, and also of all taxes imposed
John Henry
lAll.i
tße
1.,
ead Barnes,vea rd Drier.
E x
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
Edward Henry Blyth, Queen's.
poor Westminster gulls put him "on his stool" and alert, from political zeal, if not, as too often House of Peers. Will the Lords have the since the same period. Now, we believe it will fendant was then read. It stated that she was a
widow with six children and that the paper, which
was left her by her late husband, was their sole Henry J. Maddock, Worcester. inel:drel:
again, he will be manifest in his official character happens, from personal hostility, to disabuse the temerity to mask and legalise the notorious ini- be found, that the amount of taxes taken off'lo
of Secretary of Ireland. The humbler Radicals public of' what they would esteem the delusions quities of that abominable borough ? Will they since the war, even though none had been sub- of Sell .01
support, and that the paragraph in question was At an Ordination held by the Lord Bishop follaifij,
of Westminster, unlike the Tories, never knew the practised by their contemporaries, and to enforce convey the elective rights of the electors of Hest- stituted in their place, falls considerably short of copied from another paperbyan editor whom she in the chapel of his Palace,. on Sunday last, the_ the Psi
sweets of place, but their ignorance and poverty their own antagonist views. The press is an ford to the Most Noble the Marquis of Solis- the addition made to the taxes by the had since discharged. persons of this University were admitted int'
make them the easy dupes of those mise- organ of the sentiments of those who conduct bury ?Is the elective power of the intelligent iniquitous Currency Bill of Sir Robert Peel, Sir JAMES SCARLETT must pray that the rule order of .
sable charlatans, who, conscious of their own base it ; it methodizes and circulates those opinions and. middle classes of Liverpool to be swamped which Bill compelled the people to pay the might be made absolute ;but he had no doubt that,
Edward Hussey,B.A., ExeterDEAc "Cs.offgee 1
and degraded nature, labour night and day ~0 which appear to the parties who promulgate in the gross corruption of the freemen ? Is Car- taxes, laid
.on in a depreciated paper cur- if the defendant abstained from a repetition of such Septimus Cotes,B.A.,Wadham College.
eradicate all sense of gratitude, all belief in vir- them the roost reasonable upon every question rickfergus, hereafter, to he put up to auction, rency, in an enhanced gold currency, which conduct, she would find that the Noble Lord was George Ashe Goddard, 8.A., BrisenOse College' I
tuous principle ; because they know that while and such opinions by consequence are those and bought by the highest bidder for its venal added at the very lowest computation, 20 mil- not anxious to follow up the charge.-Rule made William Rigclen, 8.A., Magdalen College.
which appear most likely prevailto amongst, and franchise ? The Conservatives are the real de- lions in value to the existing taxes ; so that we absolute. John Vaughan, 8.A.., Worcester College.
the sliehtest disposition to reverence magnani-
George
ob e r
t RobinJ m e n
Ashes 8.A.31, M. igy:lseTns Trinity Olcl elf;
ge .
miry and integrity exists, they themselves must to influence, the people. If a public journal be structives. If a new constituency is to be created, continue still to have aw M
war-taxation with the REX V. THOMPSON.
Mr. PLATT moved that the rule Nisi for a
be the outcasts of the world. We have been so blind, or so unprincipled, as to put forth their grand aim, and concentrated exertions, are currency of peace. When the servile majority criminal information against the defendant, the pub- John James Vaughan, A.M., Merton College.
induced to make these general remarks by the sentiments inimical to the national welfare, or to to limit the right of voting; if a corrupt franchise of the Ministers declared against investigating usher of a Sunday newspaper, be made absolute, Thomas Cottle, M.A., Pembroke College.
cil
rumours industriously propagated for the last the peculiar tenets and desires ofthat large section is arraigned before the tribunal of Parliament, the public distress of the country, and inquiring no cause to the contrary being shown.-Rule made Hugh Poison, 8.A., Exeter College.
two days respecting the motive of Sir John of the reading community whose politics it sup- their strenuous endeavour is tc preserve the whether the state of its monetary system had any absolute.
ECCLESIASTICAL PREEERgENTS. 13. A,, ,
Hobhouse in resigning his seat. His address ports-and by which it is supported-the crime rotten and lowest class of electors. Thus they connexion with that distress, it was contended, On Saturday last the Rev. E. J. PhiPPsl,l',ll',lo
Exeter College, in this University, 'and son °` ti,111„
is a triumphant refutation of the calumnies. or folly is its own punishment. We can speak sought to raise the 10/. qualification of the large as a ground for that decision, that altering the POLICE INTELLIGENCE. Phipps, of Leighton House, 'Wilts, was preltilipeft,
~
Can an honourable man like Colonel Evans- with hardly less confidence for our contemporaries towns, and to lower the standard of qualification standard of value was no better than robbery as ----siss-- Right Hon. the Lord Chancellor to the RectorY° yof
ci
and, without any knowledge of him beyond his than for ourselves, that, no matter how they may in the less populous boroughs. The object of to existing contracts. As Peel's Bill had, how- MANSION-HO USE. The Vicarage of St. Peter, with the fteet°lloo/,
HORSEPOPPING.-Two boys named Wright and Owen, Hereford, is at length Sled by the attrosar,
pamphlets and speeches, we are ready to assume leis craft was palpable-to debase and corrupt ever, considerably altered the standard of value
differ from us, and from each other, we be- a , Stevens, were charged with what is called by the the Rev. Mr. Venn, Incumbent of Pinner, n,,.`,1 Collt,
that a gallant and intelligent man must be an lieve them to be each and all quite sincere, and the electoral body, and to secure by the two ex- the original robbery was committed by that thieves " horsepopping." The Rev. Henry Parsons, M.A., of 13i'‘ilpt"'irl
honourable one-lend himself to represent the earnest in the political cause, whatever it may Cremes of class voting and universal suffrage the Bill ; and although we Are no advocates for an Mr. Sly, a gentleman who resides in Bermond- has been collated to the Perpetusl Curacy 01 „ sc.,,
disappointed vanity, the mean thinking, the he, which they are hourly engaged in promoting. return of " Conservatives." Mr. Baring is a unlimited issue of paper money, yet we think sey, on Friday, came to the city on horseback, and bLyeotnhaerdr'ess,iinnattliloenco,u4nttyheanßdedv.iocjegss..ofwethtierear;l'or
grovelling feeling, "the envy, hatred, malice, Nothing could be so stupid as the adoption of type of their conduct; they are Hever particular that the investigation of the circumstances of haviug a little business to do, he desired one of the
and all uncharitableness," of that fragment of duplicity for a ground of systematic manage- in the means to secure their ends. Thus we see the original robbery was the only way to lead to boys to hold his horse. The boy had often been the Lord Bishop of Gloucester.
./
the Westminster Rump which presumes to de- meta in a journalist, except the suspicion that the farce of the placard posted in Westminster, restitution. 'l'he patience of the people is now employed by him in a similar way, but when com-
plainant had finished his business, and went to look MARKETS
COUNTRY CORN MARIC:
grade him by its patronage ? Does he not see it is, or ever can be, practically made so. The " Vote for Mr. Escott and the Repeal of the severely tried by those Whig Ministers, who DURING I, AST WEER. 000%
that the great enemy of all liberal institutions promised them so much, and have done solittle.
mistaken writer of the article in question fancies House and Window Tax l" The Conservatives
be found; the second boy, however, made his ap-
.................,..
~ /1
the Tory, is already at work ? Would he wish he gains a prodigious triumph over the press, are cunning tacticians. They always use the We trust the people will be temperate, as we ance and, on being questioned,' said that an- Per Quarter. s. to S. 'S.toS. S. to ''.
40 0;
to see Mr. Escott Member for Westminster in- by asserting the decay of its public influence, by people for Tory objects, but ever abuse the know they are determined, and that they will other Pear owner' appeared for the animal, and rode him CHaexharn 48 60 6-29 16 i-g. t:
r1i51e......--........ 58 - ..... 18 '''',o ,
stead of Sir John Hobhouse ? Does he reason of the reform of Parliament. If an people when Tory domination is in danger. seek redress by an unflinching and judicious clear away. morpeth ..--........ 4.5 54 24 27 16 20
...." ii, '
admire that gentleman for his former Radical illegitimate influence be what he means, there Thus the close corporation -of Liverpool pert- perseverance in a constitutional course. Let The LORD MAYOR questioned the boys, and Penrith ~.. - 58 -. .26 -- is ,1 J,
Sheffield .................... - 53 '3l' -- .24 ' A ,nt
or for his present Conservative principles ? is no doubt that such would be less likely to tion, to be heard "in support of the rights them above, all things, take care to send men into learned from him who had the horse in charge that Winchester .......... 50 58 22 26 2'2 a. ,-0 it
he went to do another job, and sold his chance of a
A straightforward soldier cannot admire him succeed with an elective body constituting the and franchises" of the freemen-of those Parliament, who are not the slaves or expectants caPrne,rarthnel. st; d 6. sec; s:2li, e'id6 cll.?, ';
,63 506
for his compromising effort to combine an intelligence of the nation, and a House of class of electors whom they can use as of Ministers, or of any faction. Let the popular decent remuneration to the other for a penny. The
el'eVenatsrtie (start.) 4 (9) g.4g 1 O 2 10 5 60„ 60
opposition to Sir John Hobhouse with a Commons representing it, than with a close tor- tools to secure appropriate representatives. The constituencies take warning by Westminster, boy who purchased the char!ce not having seen the Northallerton.-.. 7 0 9 3 3 6 4 6 3 3 5 6 il ",
master, nor received a description of him from his 5t0ne............---.... 8 0 8 6 4 0 4 8 3 0 n 0 i $ ,
pledge to repeal the house and window tax. Indeed poration of selfish usurpers, actuated by sinister case of Liverpool is the most important claim which had no vote against the assessed taxes on Swansea .--............ 6 9 7 0 3 6 3 9 1 0 i 6 ' 0,,
comp anion, readily gave up the horse to a fellow, who
we suspect that in this ruse the Tory faction, or and sordid motives, to the disregard of all in- for legislative protection, and must demand the the late occasion, because its. representatives were walkedP up boldly, hooted and spurred, and pulled war;eicrena— 9 0 10 0 4 6 5 0 2 2
100
rather Lord Lowther, who is the presiding terests but their own. But the truth is, that especial and grave attention of the Ministry. An two devoted friends of Ministers, one of w horn out twopence- as 'a'recompence. The holder growled4 6 5(21° 1° Llaurrnhaarmdcastle ....... 11 f• 17
14 0 f, 0 ,;I 4 3 5. 90 0
genius of Mr. Escort's party, has gone too far. such a vicious power never has been exercised unreformed Parliament virtually refused to am- voted for those taxes, and the other shirked his at the sum, and said it was too little for three- Richmond -........ 11l 0 16 0 6 6 7 0 4 6 "41 I °0
Cunning men generally overshoot their . mark : by the press, speaking of it as a body. If the Putate the corrupt part of the franchise. Will a duty by vacating his seat, as he did on the quarters of an hour's labour, upon which the gentle- Stockton ..-............. ill 6 15 0 9 6 10 0 4 0 _
,3 5,,,,,
"the' go too near the sands to show their wit." press had been open to corruption, it would liberal Government and a reformed House of question of military flogging.. If the people mate with the spurs, handed him over twopence- WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET.--17,. PIO
Wheat, Red, Norfolk and Sutiblk...-s. 445. t° 9 6%5*
And besides, in this instance Lord Lowther is have earned the wages of iniquity from those Commons perpetuate the corrupt power of the choose independent representatives, they need halfpenny more, and coolly drove down Cheapside;
somewhat out of his element,-he is a man of who had them largelycommand. Had at the Liverpool freemen ?We have now before us an have no recourse to violent measures for redress. after which he drove back again, and went off in a —Yorkshire . , 355. W I,' 6tiey*
-..5. 455. to '".' fine 0
business, and certainly not deficient in shrewd. different direction ; ay, until he was a long way out _ Forleiegn, Red -s 415. to .r-; oily
press been corrupt, it would have opposed reform. able analysis of, the voluminous report of the -Morning Herald.
ness and activity ; and if the object had been to Did it oppose reform? But the " diffusion of recent Liverpool Committee entitled, " Result w of sight.
Barley, Norfolk and Suffolk ' s 525. to 'Si,: 610 p
19s. to .._ g... 10
e expressed on Saturday morning our wish The LORD MAYOR-How much did your horse os. to ..1. opi
Lincolnshire
choose a good jockey, or a smart danseuse, sound information among the people" is to un- of the Evidence given before the Select Com- cost? Witness-About 20/.; but it would have 2,,,. to s--- eot
people might fairly have trusted to his Lordship's dermine the press. Was there ever such folly mittee appointed to inquire into the Petition of least
that the electors of 'Westminster might have at
• • been the same if it was worth 80/. Yorkshire Wold
Foreign _s. to n":: 05c
judgment, after, of course, making due allowance the opportunity offered them of rejectino
0 The LORD MAYOR-No doubt; I give you credit Beans, Small . . - 325 to .7' fin
06s. to 0:' one
vented by disappointed malice ? If there was the Liverpool Borough." We shall to-morrow
the renegade Whig on the one side, the intern- ------ Tick
for your judgment. In my opinion the gentleman 2--atsi liZaliod
for that possible bias which might unconsciously no instruction in England, it is plain there revert to its unanswerable expose of the corrupt -s l7s. to - ply
influence even the most disinterested better at , instruction state of the old franchise of that town. If the—s lsi to 19‘i,st sii";
would he no newspapers : the more ix • perate revolutionist on the other, and of sending in the spurs would ,have been a great deal more Friezland and Small
Newmarket, and the most platonic frequenter obliged —Mewling. "
the more support will there be for newspapers; intelligence' and political integrity of the new "as their-representative to Parliament an honour- to you.;-,-(A,latigh.) . shelling - - sto 2ts. --• ,O,
of the saloons. But what judgment can this
and, in reply to another spiteful falsehood of the constituency is to be sacrificed to the numerical able and right-minded man. Before night our The second boy-=Please you, my Lord, I couldn't Malt
Rapeseed ' '""Talinis fin 39''' ler "-
21/.IIS. Mt. 0;4. 235. l(*. i
shrewd and active nobleman have of the quali- reviewer, we will add, that the cheaper political power and venality of the old Freemen, Lord wish was gratified ; and the independence of the know but the- gentleman with the spurs was the ,_ f.,
DEVIZES CORN MARKET.-MaY - ►rt. ~ Y.,
ties necessary to constitute an independent intelligence is rendered the more decided will Sandon should bring in a Bill "to perpetuate borough was • • invited to manifest itself in support ht getlean for he comed and he patted the
hanimal, arid the oss looked at him as if he knowed Per Sack. .d. s. .
Berle r' Quarter. 6' 9 i
Best Wheat gOO to 226 8;....(.1...t..0......1..0.,...4.."A11:0r1h%;
')ember of Parliament ? and will ever the Tories lie the advantage possessed by those members of Corruption in the Borough of Liverpool, and of the pretensions of Mr. Bickham Escott. him, so what was I to do, for the gentleman says Isoliorr(ticis
of Westminster say that they are content to take the
press which possess large capital over their to nullify the English Reform Act."-Morning •
This gentleman is already favourably known to to me , says he, he's a good 'un,for he corned a good 1%1;2 tckasvoefraNsVehoer sold} .26 i +lour (per bag.. i 0
their representative from the hands of Lord IPSS affluent brethren in the collection and cis- Chronicle.
sit
,L,. 1,..:__.,,
~,,
.1,,,
...,,,,,,,;,,,,;,,, , th.
~,,,1,,... bit this here morning, arid then he goes off together, Bread (per gall).
A

admire that gentleman for his former Radical
or for his present Conservative principles ?
A straightforward soldier cannot admire him
for his compromising effort to combine an
opposition to Sir John Hobhouse with a
pledge to repeal the house and window tax. Indeed
we suspect that in this ruse the Tory faction, or
rather Lord Lowther, who is the presiding
genius of Mr. Escott's party, has gone too far.
Cunning men generally overshoot their mark :
"they go too near the sands to show their wit."
And besides, in this instance Lord Lowther is
somewhat out of his element,—he is a man of
business, and certainly not deficient in shrewd-
ness and activity ; and if the object had been to
choose a good jockey, or a smart danseuse,
people might fairly have trusted to his Lordship's
judgment, after, of course, making due allowance
for that possible bias which might unconsciously
influence even the most disinterested better at
Newmarket, and the most platonic frequenter
of the saloons. But what judgment can this
shrewd and active nobleman have of the quali-
ties necessary to constitute an independent
Member of Parliament ? and will ever the Tories
of Westminster say that they are content to take
their representative from the hands of Lord
Lowther ? We suppose we shall have the
Brocard of the Opera, and the Dawson
(or rather the ghost* of Dawson) of New.
market, canvassing to support the cause
of order, sound principles, and virtuous
insti utions, which the Crockfbrd and Carlton
Clubs (the Mentors of the age) call " conser-
vatism." We do not apprehend much mischief
from such a canvass: Sir J. Hobhouse will, we
think, be an overmatch for the impetuosity of the
Colonel and the jockeyship of the Viscount.—
Times.
The poor fellow was hanged some years ago.

There is an article in the last number of the
Edinburgh Review, entitled ", Progress of the
People—the Periodical Press," wherein the
author adopts for his text the success of certain
weekly publications of great though sundry sorts
of merit,—namely, the Penny Magazine, the
Saturday Magazine, and Chambers's Edin-
burgh Journal, but before he has done, turns
his back upon the professed subject of his dis-
sertation, and, after the fashion of many an Act of
Parliament, in contriving to run away from its
preamble, betakes himselt laboriously to dogma
!ize upon the ;elation between the progres of the
people, including that of reform, and the antici-
pated failure of a totally different department
of the press from that which he set out with
referring to—viz., the newspaper press of Lon-
don, It is doubtless perfectly lawful fora reviewer,
who comes before the public once a quarter,
to disparage, if he be able, all branches of the pe-
riodical and political literature of the country
but his own. It would unquestionably much
enhance the value of Edinburgh Reviews, as
well as Quarterlies, Westnainsters, &c., if their
conductors could succeed in persuading the
people of England that those who write in daily
journals are incapable of uttering sound or en-
lightened opinions, and of exercising the powers
of excitement or restraint to ends of public use-
fulness. That the respective parties throughout
the kingdom should sleep upon their arms, and
forbear to think, and of course to act, upon any
oat question of national policy, until, at a
given hour, they should receive the cue from the
trtmesval oracles to which they had severally
bound themselves, might well be deemed by
those who achieved a transfer of influence worth
PO niggard price, A little craft, with a dash
lure and there of downright falsehood, would be
a trifling sacrifice for an object so desirable,
-which' so far as the nation was concerned,
would seem to have no worse effect than this,
that, to every solid purpose the thing called
" public opinion " must be. extinguished ; the
key, the record, evidence, and organ of that
opinion, which are now embodied in the jour-
nals of the day, being destroyed, there must
tither be, for many weeks, a universal bewilder-
ment and stupor as to- what ought to
be done or said in reference to measures
under progress, or a permanent sitting
of political clubs and unions—the most.
irritating of all sources, and dangerous of
all channels, from and through which the po-
pular sentiment could be conveyed to the
Legislature—would be established ; or, finally.
when opinion had formed, and pronounced it-
-elf, the policy which was the subject of it
would already have been adopted, or the occa-

sion for having recourse to it with the highest
degree of efficacy would be irretrievably lost.
This, in the eyes of some men, would be a grand
improvement. A spirit which appears to us the
reverse of an honest one pervades this ill-con-
structed article. No single newspaper is desig-
nated by name, so that the many-coloured de-
linquencies which are predicated of the metropo-
litan press in general, seem not to challenge of
necessity from any given member a suspicion
that the affront was intended specifically for it-
self. The real power of the newspaper press has
been grievously misrepresented, and from sinister
motives. It has been termed a " misleading"
power. Those who thus describe it assert, in-
directly, that the reading public has less discern-
ment than a very small proportion of the same
public,—namely, the half-dozen editors and
writers of as many dailyjournals. These blunderer,
allege something, if possible, more absurd, for
their allegation implies that all the newspapers are
in the same interest, and promote the same political
objects; when it is clear as the sun that by far
the greater portion of them are, one and all, sen-
tinels over each other's opinions, watchful of the
least slip in argument or doctrine, and prompt
and alert, from political zeal, if not, as too often
happens, from personal hostility, to disabuse the
public of what they would esteem the delusions
practised by their contemporaries, and to enforce
their own antagonist views. The press is an
organ of the sentiments of those who conduct
it ; it methodizes and circulates those opinions
which appear to the parties who promulgate
them the most reasonable upon every question ;
and such opinions by consequence are those
which appear most likely to prevail amongst, and
to influence, the people. If a public journal be
so blind, or so unprincipled, as to put forth
sentiments inimical to the national welfare, or to
the peculiar tenets and desires ofthat large section
of the reading community whose politics it sup-
ports—and by which it is supported—the crime
or folly is its own punishment. We can speak
with hardly less confidence for our contemporaries
than for ourselves, that, no matter how they may
differ from us, and from each other, we be-
lieve them to be each and all quite sincere, and
earnest in the political cause, whatever it may
he, which they are hourly engaged in promoting.
Nothing could be so stupid as the adoption of
duplicity for a ground of systematic manage-
ment in a journalist, except the suspicion that
it is, or ever can be, practically made so. The
mistaken writer of the article in question fancies
he gains a prodigious triumph over the press,
by asserting the decay of its public influence, by
reason of the reform of Parliament. If an '
illegitimate influence be what he means, there
is no doubt that such would be less likely to
succeed with an elective body constituting the
intelligence of the nation, and a House of
Commons representing it, than with a close cor-
poration of selfish usurpers, actuated by sinister
and sordid motives, to the disregard of all in-
terests but their own. But the truth is, that
such a vicious power never has been exercised
by the press, speaking of it as a body. If the
press had been open to corruption, it would
have earned the wages of iniquity from those
who had them largely at command. Had the
press been corrupt, it would have opposed reform.
Did it oppose rfform? But the " diffusion of
sound information among the people" is to un-
dermine the press. Was there ever such folly
vented by disappointed malice ? If there was
no instruction in England, it is plain there
would be no newspapers: the more instruction
the more support will there be for newspapers;
and, in reply to another spiteful falsehood of the
reviewer, we will add, that the cheaper political
intelligence is rendered, the more decided will
he the advantage possessed by those members of
the press which possess large capital over their
less affluent brethren in the collection and cir-
culation of the best intelligence. A catalogue
of small charges is brought against the London
press for its conduct with regard to the Reform
Bill and the Irish Coercion Bill ; they are feebly
urged, and of little interest; if we ourselves be
among the parties glanced at, we can de-
clare conscientiously that, were the whole of
both transactions re-opened, there never ap-
peared a syllable in the columns of, this
journal which we should not feel it a sacred
duty to repeat ; and such, we doubt not, is
the feeling of the greater part of our contempo-
ra ies. Those gentlemen who amuse them-
selves with crying down the daily press and its
authority, had better meditate upon one ques-
tion before they finally answer it ;—what is it
that has enabled the newspaper press to over-
power and supersede that mighty empire which
used some 40 years ago to be wielded over the
mind of the country by the writers of political
pamphlets ? No man has of late years consi-
dered the ablest and most successful pamphlets
as worth enumerating amongst the active causes
of change either in politics or parties, whilst all
are ready to admit, and some prone to
exaggerate, the operation of the journal sway.
One satisfactory reason, and one only, can be
assigned for it,—namely, that the knowledge
and talents which once held themselves aloof
from newspapers, and from the scanty remunera-
tion which they afforded, have now found con-
stant and liberal employment in the conduct of
the daily press, or in contributions to it ; and
-hat of the class who, under the social modifica-
tions of the last century, would have carried on
the out-of-door warfare of a Parliatnentary
season with batteries of pamphlets -running
through half dozens of editions, the - most
efficient members probably at this moment form
the standing establishment of many of our daily
journals, not only in the metropolis, but in the
remoter parts of England.—Times.
The most important subject before the re-
formed Parliament, and the most severe test of
its efficiency, is the existing corruptions of the
present representative system, developed in the
recent and pending Election Committees on the
disputed returns, and the application of reme-
dial measures to punish past, and to prevent
future mal-practices. The cases of Stafford,
Hertford, Liverpool, and Carrickfergus, have
excited the deepest interest, and the people arc
scrutinizing, with evident jealousy, the inten-
tions of the Legislature. The Reform Acts
were only a partial amendment of the represen-
tation. They destroyed the majority of the
nomination boroughs, and by the subdivision of
the places of polling, and the limitaion of the
duration of the poll, materially improved the
county representation. The gross number of
the constituency was also greatly increased, and
the boundaries of many of the smaller boroughs
were enlarged. But the modes of election
were left unreformed. Bribery and improper
influence were limited only by the increase
of the constituency. The lesser boroughs still
remain a prey to the domination of the local
aristocracy, and the Tories took care to neutra-
lize the effect of the Ministerial measure by the
perpetuation of the rights of the freemen, and
the enfranchisement of the tenants at will. Thus

A little foresight would save our Ministers a
great deal of trouble. It is a quality in which
the present Cabinet, as well as the one that pre-
ceded it, is remarkably deficient. The Duke
of Wellington saw little of the future when he
made his memorable declaration against all re-
form. As little of the future did the Whig Mi-
nisters penetrate into when they induced their
obsequious House of Commons to stultify itself
by rescinding its vote on the malt tax, and sent
forth to the suffering nation their arrogant de.
tree for the perpetuation of the assessed taxes !
If Lord Althorp had sufficient intellect to read
the signs of the times, and sufficient sagacity to
see but a small distance before him, he would
not have insulted the country by the mockery
of relief afforded by his budget of " tile and
taxed-cart" celebrity. He would have known
that such was not the relief that the country re-
quired and expected as the practical result of
the working of the Reform Bill ; and, knowing
that, he would have foreseen that the disclosure
of such a miserable scheme of fiscal reform as
his budget presented would have excited in the
public mind feelings of astonishment, ridicule,
and indignation. His Lordship anticipated nothing
of the sort. Though every financial scheme of
his has proved abortive, and every budget
has only exhibited new varieties of official
incapacity, yet Lord Althorp, strong only in his
own conceit, and unable to extract instruction
from experience, has proceeded from one blunder
to another, until, in the "tile and taxed-cart"
plan of public relief, he has attained the crown-
ing absurdity, beyond which we defy even his
genius to go any further in the invention of what
is pompously trifling and solemnly ridiculous.
Lord Althorp voted against the assessed taxes,
like other leaders of the Whig party, when out
of office, but he has received a new light upon
the subject since he was invested with the robes
of Chancellor of the Exchequer. He now dis-
covers that public faith cannot be maintained
without them, but, while seeking office, he felt
no such compunctious visitings with regard to
public faith. Yet his own former argument, and
that of many of his Whig colleagues, against
the continuance of the assessed taxes, still holds
as good as ever—namely, that they were ex-
pressly laid on as war taxes, which within two
years of the close of the war were to be repealed,
but which are still inflicted on the country, in
violation of the faith which the Government had
pledged to the people. That the removal of the
house and window taxes would involve the ne-
cessity for a property tax, we deny. As to
an income tax, we leave that out of the ques.
tion, as we well know the country would not
bear it, and ought not to bear it—a tax so op-
pressive and inquisitorial in its nature would be
an evil of so great a magnitude that it would
be as well to submit to the consequences of a
national bankruptcy at once. But a graduated
tax upon realized and tangible property, is a very
different thing from a tax upon uncertain and
fluctuating income, and the amount of which
cannot be come at, without the exposure
of an individual's private affairs. A tax upon
realized property is in the nature of a premium
of insurance, by which a portion is paid for the
security of the remainder; fur, if a convulsiou

We expressed on Saturday morning our wish
that the electors of Westminster might have at
least the opportunity offered them of rejecting
the renegade Whig on the one side, the intem-
perate revolutionist on the other, and of sending
as their-rtpresentative to Parliament an honour-
able and-right-minded man. Before night our
wish was gratified ; and the independence of the
borough was invited to manifest itself in support
of the pretensions of Mr. Bickham Escott.
This gentleman is already favourably known to
all the friends of the constitution as the author
of several excellent pamphlets upon the subject
of the changes to which that constitution has
recently been subjected. He has shown himself
in those pamphlets, a conservative in the highest
and truest sense of the term ; one who venerates
our ancient institutions, but is yet desirous to
correct their abuses, and to supply their de-
ficiencies; one who is not hostile to temperate
reform,- but is yet sensible that no violent change
can be effected without much of difficulty, and
something of danger. He is known also to
our readers as. having been a candidate for one
of the divisions of his native county, Somerset-
shire, at the late general election. Although
worsted in _ the contest, he may look back
with justifiable pride to the circumstances of the
struggle. In the midst of adverse accidents,
which might well have disheartened a more prac-
tised electioneerer, he went right onward in the
path of his duty with a fortitude which the
timidity he witnessed could not shake : with an
equanimity which the perfidy he experienced
could not disturb ; with a strength of principle
which secured the perfect confidence of his
friends ; with a courtesy of tone which com-
manded the unwilling applause of his enemies.
We know no man whose conduct entitles him
more fully to the reputation of an honest and
trustworthy man. Does he hold all the opi-
nions which we hold ? condemn all the heresies
which we condemn ? praise and blame the men
who are praised and blamed by ourselves? "My
friend Tom always thinks as I think," said some-
body to Dr. Johnson. " Then, Sir," said the '
Doctor, " he is either a fool who is led by the
nose, or a knave who pretends to be so." We
know that Mr. Escott is a man who will sup-
port the dignity of the Crowh, who will main-
tain the sanctity of the Altar, who will uphold
the integrity of the law. We know, moreover,
that his opponents are Sir John Cam Hobhouse
and Lieutenant-Colonel Evans. It is enough.
We give Mr. Escott our cordial good wishes,
and our most zealous co-operation. The
result of the contest is important as a test of
public opinion, not only on general principles,
but on some particular questions of great inte-
rest. If Westminster shall elect Sir John Cam
Hobhouse, Westminster will clearly approve of
the conduct of the Baronet upon Sir John Key's
motion. The petitions which have come from
the constituency of the borough for the repeal
of the house and window taxes will at once be-
come mere waste paper. The poll will convince
Lord Althorp that the house and window taxes
are vastly popular in Westminster. If West-
-minster shall elect Colonel Evans, Westminster
will convince those who, in their eulogies upon
large constituencies, quoted the list of her re-
presentatives with triumph, that there is far less
loyalty, far less discernment, far less common
sense in Westminster than her admirers have
given her credit for. If Westminster shall elect
Mr. Escott, Westminster will undoubtedly em-
barrass Lord Althorp by a distinct condemna-
don of a tax which his Lordship is determined
to retain. But, on the other hand, Westminster
will gratify the friends of good government and
social order by sending to Parliament a repre-
sentative who has virtue to value and genius to
defend them.—Morning Post.

The LORD MAYOR—No doubt; I give you credit
for your judgment. In my opinion the gentleman
in the spurs would ,have been a great deal more
obliged to you.;-.-(A.lattgh.)
The second boy-:Please you, my Lord, I couldn't
know but the- gentleman with the spurs was the
right gentleman, for he corned and he patted the
hanimal, and the oss looked at him as if he knowed
him, so what was I to do, for the gentleman says
to me, says he, he's a good 'un,for he corned a good
bit this here morning, and then he goes off together,
him and the oss.—(Laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR—A very good way of doing
business. But, perhaps, as the gentleman had spurs,
he had a horse in the neighbourhood, and might
have mistaken yours for his, Mr. Sly ?—(Laughter.)
The second boy—Please you, my Lord, I thought
so myself, and looked about, but I seed no other oss,
and I don't believe but the gentleman with the
spurs was a robber, and no mistake.
Tne LORD MAYOR—You make a very clever
guess; bur I hope there was no other robber con-
cerned.—(Laughter.)
The two boys declared that they were quite in-
nocent, and
The LORD MAYOR could not think of detaining
them. He regretted that he could afford no assist-
ance to Mr. Sly; but he trusted the robbery would
make men cautious of leaving their horses with va•
gabonds in the streets.
Q UEEN- S Q UA RE.

A youth named Richard Churchman was charged
with stealing a necklace from the person of a little
girl, the daughter of Wiliam Porter, a tailor, resid-
ing in Spencer's-place, Chelsea. There was nothing
remarkable in the evidence against the prisoner, but
the conversation which took place between the
mother of the girl and the Magistrate excited much
surprise. The prisoner was seen to take the neck-
lace from the neck of Mrs. Porter's daughter; but
on his being taken into custody the property could
not be found. This having been proved, the fol-
lowing dialogue took place :
Mr. WHITE—How many children have you, mis-
tress ? Mrs. Porter—l have seven, your Worship.
Mr. WHITE—And are you in the habit of curling
the whole of your children's hair as you have this
one's ?—No, Sir; the girls wily have their hair
eurled:' '

Mr. WIIITE—Pray do the whole of your children
wear such fine necklaces as the one taken from this
child ?—They do not, Sir. The one stolen was
given to my child by a friend. Ido not understand
the meaning of. such questions. I presume I have
a right to dress my cliildren as I like.
Mr. tell you, mistress, I shall not be
at all sorry if you never recover your child's neck-
lace. You ought to be ashamed of yourself for
allowing your children to go about the streets with
such fine things around their necks, as it is an en-
couragement to petty thieves. But, however this
may be, we will remand the prisoner till Tuesday,
to give you an opportunity of recovering the pro-
perty; and if you should get it back I would re-
commend you to sell it, and purchase something
more useful.

Aberdeen .....
8erwick,,..,...
Coldstream ...

sco

Wheat.

upar -- 148
Dundee .—...—. , 50
Elgin -------. 40
Inverness—. 40
Kelso ......... 36
Kirkaldy....... 40
Perth .....—........ SO
jI--- The size of th

'CH M

Barley

KET

Mrs. Porter left the office in high dudgeon at the
observations of the Magistrate, and declared that
at the next examination she should send her
husband.

Oats.

48 122 25 16 19
37 IIS 20 12 14
38 IS 19 t 3 14
56 26 31 18 22
60 30 33 29 25
49 24 2fi 16 20
46 '24 27 16 20
38 19 21 12 14
45 27 39 25 32
56 23 26 20 22
le measure varies throe

i3e_.„...4"- •
....
IS
92 31
30 10
23 `0
2'2 0
20 40
45 0
f 2.2, c

I' sdli
EDINBURGH CORN MAIIKKF,"""
• to- itb
We had a small supply of all kinds of Grain igso
sales were rather heavy. - pp
Wheat. Barley. Oats: as 0,, of
First 67s Od 35s 6d -22 s 84
Second
Third 493 Od Ss Od 16i 8,1 xt"
COP
PRICES OF PROVISIONS, A.C. - (
Beef, per lb. N. 4d. to 03.6 d. Fresh Mater,b g
Mutton 0 5 0 7 Salt Ditto,,,, ~0 0 ,
Veal—.--........... 0 5 0 8 DitiO, per cwt•-'0 6
0 4 0 6 Eggs, per dOz% 8 6 ,
Lamb, per qr. 4 0 5 61' OatStrawticPl*/ 8 6 s
Fallow, cwt.... 35 0 39 0 _Wheat Ditto.. . 0
Quartern Loaf 0 8 00 . Barley Ditto, 0 8
Potatoes, 1711 b. 0 4 - -0-,0. -1-14, per

daAyl,As RmKart.klt;Vll led,
Per Stone of'es. .S0
O
...
First Oatmeal '''''''''
Second ditto .........
Barlerneal .........
......
Pead, m
semeca_zol
._2

EDINBURGH MEAL
The supply of Oatmeal at this
the sales dull, at last week's pric
Per Sack of 2801 b. Imp
First Oatmeal ...... 10 0
Second ditto 1 8 0
Barleymeal 1 6 0
Pea.s ent eal . I -3 0
Pot Barley—No. 1, per-cwt. 12s

GLASGOW CORN
The supplies of Grain have be
mand, at full prices. No alteral
Wheat, per 2401 b. s. d. s. d.
British, old 250t03101

PAUPERS' EMPLOYMENT.—Among the ♦ast num-
ber of paupers who applied for parochial relief were
two individuals who complained of the conduct of
Nicholson, an under, or deputy beadle of St. Mar-
garet's workhouse. The men, whose names are
Speed and Winn, being reduced to the utmost state
of destitution, applied for relief at St. Margaret's
workhouse. Their claims were acknowledged to be
just ; and small pittances of bread and cheese were
daily st-reed out to them. On Thursday, how-
ever, Nicholson, the deputy beadle, observed to
Speed, who was then in an ill and hall-famished
state , that he should work for the relief he received.
The pauper expressed his willingness to do so, and
the beadle then sent him to Hounslow with a bag
of lime, weighing nearly half a hundred weight, the
distance there arid back being about twenty miles,
for which he received about three-pennyworth of
bread and cheese. The very next day Winn, the
other pauper above alluded to, was despatched to
Hounslow with the following note, and directions

new
Canada, free 27 0. 300
Irish
Barley, per 3201 b.
English — 0 C
Scottish 22 0 24 0
Irish

Oatmeal,
nsl Reel
05:Khans i„411;
0113:,,
gej'
cotty b,
0
'en Moderate. .3
Lion in other Grain. 0, d.lOl,
Oats, per :2,50' 19U *‘
Irish ...................
•British .................. ik
Scottish .............. 150
Flour, pert 201 b..,.

CCORNWALLMARKET
Tituito—Wheat (average) 205.&.—Barley, s. to
Sr.AusTsta,—Wheat, —s. to 215.—8ar1eY."... 131..00
7s. to 7s. 6d. g;, t°
Od
PENZANCE—Wheat, 20s. to 21s.—Barley, 10.14
Os. to 7s. 6d.—Beef and Mutton, Od. to 61-- Oa' ;
Butter,LAUNCE TON er
Wheat (average) 19s. 6.1.—"8
lb. 9S.
arid,
_ool'
ss. 3d.—Beef, sd.—Mutton, 641. 15'•
LisKE.sao—Wheat, —s. to 225. 6d.—Barley'
00'
to
BBs. &I.
ODM iti—Wh eat (average) 22s.—Barley, gs• 10,7
HELSTON—Wheat, 21s. (kl.—Barley, 93 Od• to
Sr. CoLuma—Wheat, 203. to —s.—Barley,
and Mutton, sd. to 6d.—Veal, Od.—Larnb, O
Qum
Av

• mtity of fine
1
!uantity of Copper Ore sold at Redrutlf BENTzIu
.il

Lverage Produce..
Amount of Sale.l7,

...a........................
------------- • 1
13,1"
BIRTHS. ,„,,rii roof
On the 4th inst., Mrs Fitzwilliam, of a still-0 pia"
On the sth inst., in *Portman-square, 1,3" AO
daughter. f— ) rs• St,
On the 4th inst., in Brook.street, the Hon.
of E. J. Stanley, Esq., M.P., of a daughter. ---.

cis Du ntthd;atsj' ;t7l
I.4lov)ennrcttahhueei3odl,st inst.. at Sutton, Surrey, 'by the llocul' ter
Sir James Lake, Bart. to Anne Maria, eldost
Admiral Sir Richard King, Bart., K.C.B. ,aooo4o
Fran '
On the 30th ult., at Cairngall, Aberdeenshire, Lc/
only son of Alexander Ilutchiso_ Esq., el of
Jane, youngest daughter. of John Jiutchison,
:ato'n'tesatH:dsaom:ilbiltuocririg,wheildjueassiTideresa.ulgahrtgeurj:ehfottive_::o:4.o,,.hr

tit/0
PRINTED AND PUIILIsIiEt) BY MU It I) 0 fr
° r,t104
Orrica, 112, &VIAND, Lara

'rj°lPAL A
ii p, E

Otle Shil

so,
'R
o
k3ARy
with ti
lions}
ARLES

W• Bead
r r)in
leke.4
On,

allttpe, or
Terriptei
N.g.
I)rtii,: The o
th„"e'°R ti
ard, t!unty c

11.01-
1Pf11,1;4i; 4
,1411 i

)14
4No'44lnot
litio4hat
41 re WI
,
tp
k
liOt
ty
I tin'.
Al met
t,)
VI"4
Oori
41
0414 tlev
eo:
I.N
41.84 Ca
‘‘, (C)
AL Al,
r 0;
op BE,
• LANi
ty
Flee
'llll
:4414,41
ye pto,
,144:4,
*4,
04; ettdt
4,*1
rrti
'T ktlitter
.14 Yel,
4.1 kc,het
I..teok;
Pre
C4;‘Al,
tottl
Xltttcttli°l
41414k1
044:'
ILLNw.
1411),;,,P0i
lt,':44ltNit°l4ll%:i
Mt
11,h:11
rity A
f
114441 ti
Itt4ttiNet
,J
'
,
I ke
iht.44l
11
11,
S,
pth.4 Tg
I'vtil
41:tIsit
~„4 4)4 Tieth
Lsco
ttt-o jilt%
p, tlitt
th
It • r 14
t4411(1,
ttZ
4iNt4illloll
N nit' 44 .t
"Al4,ti
.4.111,700,
44, 4 Ict:
414 NI
to
411 i 441
4/14 41‘
ht
to
hi MI,
eit% 'toe,
to's
,PIED; he coon 1,114
On the 4th inst., in St jantes's-sq.Uare, t 6. he
aged 83. ' • kenhail'orleiV t
On the 3d inst., Mr. Saniliel y
On the 4th inst., at Stamford-liill, '4t
aged 83.
On the 3d inst., Mr. Mark Burr, of Co 4,
, aged 74. Chie 11 'll4l
sex ,
On the 3d inst., at LondonStile.house ofe
Wetten, Esq., aged 64. Jane, Wife
er b 144,0
On the 4th inst., at HighburY- terfsee, hr -411
Taylor, Esq., of St. John-street,' and eldest fateriii t''l4tl4
Thomas Wilson, Esq., of Islington-green. philleo
On the 4th inst., Sugar Mas wife 91 te
.1k s
Ft
Fenchurch-street, and Enfield,
,IVliddleseX.
relict of ten:l.ow
On the 3d hist., at Hampstead; Saiabv hire ag het 0111)„
than Patten, Esq., of Hales Hall, Statfords 'tier Cde but'
On the 4th inst., in Upper Grosvenor-streeN 00,7 111744
second and youngest son of the Hon. Robe
Lady Harriet Clive, aged 4. kA.,t4t,
ill
