IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNISDAY, lUki 24.
WEST INDIA SLAVERY,

The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a Petition from
Planters of the Islands of Dominica and St. Vincent, resident in
Greet Britain. It prayed that there might be no further inter-
ference respecting West India Slavery, until after en inquiry into
the difference between free and slave labour ; that the privileges
of the colonial legislatures might be preserved; and that com-
pensation besecured to the proprietors for any losses that they might
sustain by the measures adopted with regard to the slaVes. In
proof that direct encouragement had been given by this country
to negro slavery, the Petitioners stated, that the greater part of
the lands held by tha.proprietors of the island of Dominica had
been purchased fir the Crown, on the express condition of be-
ing cultivated 14y slaves ; and also, that when some of the legisla-
tures wished to limit "the importation of slaves, they had been
prevented by the Government of this country.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented Petitions, praying
for the abolition'of. negro slavery, from various parishes in the
Counties. of Southampton, Northampton, Nottingham, Kent,
and
METROPOLITAN TRUST BILL.
_ _

On the order of the day, for the third reading of the MetrO-
politan Turnpike Trust Bill, Lard DE CLIFFORD moved that
it be read a third time this day three months.
A long conver►ation took place on this motion, after which the
House divided—
For the Amendment - 23
Against it - Sti
Majority in favour. of the Bill —l3.
The Bill was then read a third time, and passed.
MANUFACTURING DISTRESS.

Earl FITZWILLIAM, in a very low tone of voice, asked a
quest-inn, 'tibial we understood to be,' whether it was intended
to propose any grant of public money fur the relief of the exist-
ing distress. -
The Earl of LIVERPOOL could only give the same answer
to the Noble Earl's question which he had formerly given to the
same question, when put by other Noble Lords. A very special
case must be made out to induce him to consent to give relief out
of the public kiurse. The proper source, as he bad already stated,
appeared to bun to be the poor-rates;, and whatever farther aid
might be necessary, would be better supplied by private benevo-
lence than by public money. lie did not Say that in no case an
advance on public money ought to be made for the relief of local
distress; but, to do so, would be to establish the first precedent of
the kind in England. lie could assure the Noble Earl that he
had aittiously considered the subject, and that the more he eon-
sidered it, the more he was confirmed in tbe opinion he had given.
Lord TEYNUAM presented a petition from the owners and
occupiers of land in the neighbourhood of Rochester, praying that
no alteration might be made in the Corn Laws.
