THE BISHOPS.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)
We cull the following specimens from the country
papers, of the honours paid to the Bishop- on the
sth of November :

CANTERBURY.---" Guy Faux" Day was cele-
brated in this city by the usual perambulation of
countless urchins on Saturday last, " tricked out in
motley," and chaunting a new version of their
doggrel chorus, in which the emblematical disper-
sion of the Bench of Bishops was merrily, if not
wisely treated. No explosions but those of laughter
took place, though we will not say that the popu-
larity of the Bishops was augmented by the public
commemoration of their offences. In one party, a
strapping fellow, "in full canonicals," worthy of an
Archbishop at an installation, occasioned consider-
able mirth by stopping so frequently at the various
public-houses which he encountered in his visitation;
.and in the words of his song, too often " going to
pot," that at last his Grace became " the worse for
liquor," and most unepiscopally reeled into the dirt
amid laughter, jeers, and hootings, which his Grace
invited as a compliment due to his order, making at
last an inglorious retreat, all battered, dismantled
and beplastered with mud. The heavy rain dis-
persed the minor performers, and peace, even on the
tremendous anniversary of the sth of November,
prevailed in the good city of Canterbury. The
Mayor, to prevent the possibility of disorder, had
judiciously forbidden the display of fire-works or
bonfires at night. The populace of this city con-
sidering that sufficient honour had not been done to
the Bishop on Saturday evening, had a grand auto-
da-fe in High-street last night, when an effigy of his
Reverence was burnt in the presence of a large con-
course of people, who honoured his departure with
loud groans and execrations.—Kent Herald.
SITTINGBOURNE.—On Monday evening the effigy
of a Bishop, holding in his hands several of the late '
numbers of the Kentish Gazette, was burnt in the
Butts of this town, amid the execrations of the inha-
bitants.

CRAITORD.—The sth of November was cele-
brated at this place on Saturday, in a manner some-
what more novel than gratifying to the Anti-Re-
formers. Instead of the effigy of Guy Faux, that
of a Bishop was paraded round the town, and then
carried to Dartford, where his Grace was met by a
great number of the inhabitants, provided with
torches, &c., who accompanied him through the
streets, testifying their feelings by cheers at the
houses of the Reformers, and tremendous groans at
those of the Clergymen and others hostile to the
Bill. The party subsequently returned to Crayford,
and his Reverence was then burnt on the Church-
green, where nearly fifty faggots had been placed
to form his funeral pile. The following new chaunt
was used on the occasion :

" Remember, remember,
That God is the sender
Of every good gift unto man ;
But the D—l, to spite us,
Sent fellows with Mitres
Who rob us of all that they can.
" Whilst thousands are starving,
These wretches are carving
Rich slices from out of the State pie;
And so long as they revel
In luxuries,—d—l
A bit do they care who may die.
"Three groans with good will,
Give all Foes to the ' Bill
Of Reform'—and of Foes who so great
As the Bishops have been ?
Then three Groans for the mean
And contemptible Bishops of State."

SHEERNESS.—On Saturday most of the urchins
who have been accustomed to carry " Guy Faux,"
on the sth of November, substituted the effigy of a
Bi,shop, appropriately dressed with the mitre, sur-
plice, &c., and one or two parties oLtained a rich
harvest of pence, by constantly exclaiming, " Pray,
remember the Archbishop."
HUDDERSFIELD, Nov. s.—Soon after dark the
letting off of fireworks commenced in the market-
place. The market-place might almost be said to
be in a blaze, from the vast quantity of fire-works
that were let off unceasingly, from before seven till
past ten o'clock. About nine o'clock a mob of about
100 persons entered the town from Mould Green,
with an effigy, which was said to personate the
Bishop of Llandaff, mounted on a high frame of
wood-work. A mask formed the face, with a hat
upon it ; a black calico gown, with clerical sleeves,
covered the body; under one arm was placed a
sheaf, and under the other a lamb, representing the
tenth lamb and the tenth sheaf. Tile effigy was
preceded by a band of music, and accompanied by
flambeaux, and was paraded all over the town, the
mobs stopping to groan opposite the vicarage, and
before the houses of some of the most respectable in-
habitants. On arriving at the market place, the ring-
leaders, with a fellow in a white surplice, mounted a
sort of hustings ; and this mock prie.tread the follow-
ing address to the crowd, which had increased consi-
derably in their progress through the town, though
numbers were there solely from motives of curiosity
" Oh all ye people of Huddersfield ! Lo ! and behold !
here is a great, fat, bloated, blundering Bishop,
whom we have bartered for the poor, deluded, and
murdered Guy Faux ! Here is the last sth of No
vember which shall constitute the anniversary of a
bloody Church and State conspiracy in support of
tithes, Easter offerings, oblations, obventions, and
all the horrid and dreadful train of baseness got up
by the worse than devils, to deceive their dupes for
the purpose of rioting in holy luxury, out of the
grinding of our bones to our utter ruin, and past and
present degradation ; and now, my friends and
brethren, I have to inform you, that on no future sth
of November shall the country reverberate to the
diabolical and nauseous rattling of the bells of old
Mother Church ; no more shall the disgusting and
diabolical sound grate your ears, nor arouse your noble
indignation, for now the great deceiver is going to his
long home, and ye have all come to see him safe on
his long journey, in the sure hope of a glorious
change from raw head and bloody bones, from a state
worse than slavery, to the old system of Old Eng-
land, with plenty of roast beef and plum pudding.
Then with nine times nine for the destruction of mo-
nopolies, the new system and fair play for the people.
" Good Lord, put clown aristocracy,
Let boroughmongers be abhorred,
And from all tithes and shovel hats.

Forthwith deliver U 3, Good Lord !"

The effigy v.as then set on fire. The crowd dis-
persed immediately after the burning, and I have
not beard that any mischief was done. There was
scarcely a person left in the Market-place at eleven
o'clock'.—Leeds
COVENTRY.III consequence of the general dis-
satisfaction felt in this city at the vote given by the
Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, in the House of
Lords, on the Reform Bill, a number of individuals
determined, on Saturday last, the sth of November,
to express their opinion of his conduct by burning
an effigy of a Bishop, instead of the usual combus-
tible representative of a poop Guy Faux; ac-
cordingly, abaut three o'clock in the afternoon, a
fine portly figure, in full canonicals and mitre, was
carried through some of our streets, accompanied
by a numerous assemblage, and afterwards burnt on
Grey Friar's-green. The vy hole passed off i❑ a
peaceful manner, and the crowd dispersed quietly.
—Coventry Herald.

MA RL B ORO UGH.--Saturday the largest
meeting for this borough ever recollected was held i❑ the
public street of Marlborough, to address his Majesty on
the rejection of the Reform Bill by the House of Lords.
The meeting was convened by a public notice signed by
70 householders. F. CRAVEN, Esq. was called to the
chair, and opened the business of the meeting. Resolu-
tions, expressing regret at the rejection of the Bill, and
confidence in his Majesty's Ministers, and likewise an
address to his 'Majesty, were proposed and seconded by J.
Gosr.lN, 11. J. SMITH, C. DAY, and J. ATHERTON,
Esqrs., and were carried unanimously. The thanks of
the meeting were voted to the Chairman, on the motion of
Sir A. MALET, Bart. ; who has offered himself as a can-
didate for the borough. At a meeting convened by the
Mayor and Corporation, upon the bringing in of the late
Reform Bill, whirls was picked and packed with the de•
pendents of the Corporation and the Noble patron of the
borough, some disapproval of the Bill was evinced, on the
score of Marlborough being deprived of one of its Mem-
bers, and the meeting was nearly equally divided for and
against the Bill. But at this meeting, tenfold more
numerous than the former, there was not one dissenting
voice or hand against Refcrnar-,Dsrizes Gaztite,,
