usual practice with me to drink; I am as abstemious as
most men, but on this occasion, having met a friend, he
induced me to accompany him to a celebrated Burton ale-
room in the city, and having drank rather freely of that
beverage, it overcame us both.
Kenrick, the watch-house-keeper, stat,d, that the schoo!-
master asked for gin that morning, which was refused, but
he demolished two pints of porter before he was brought
to the office.

Mr. tioxE—That circumstance does not say much for
your abstemious living, drinking two pints of porter be-
fore your breakfast. a a

Kenrick stated, the defendant had been locked up on a
Previous occasion for drunkenness ; he then described that
he was a Methodist parson, added the watchhouse-keeper.
Mr. HoNE expressed some surprise on hearing this intel-
ligence, and asked the defendant whether he was in the
habit of preaching.
Defendant—l occasionally harangue at Percy Chapel, in
,Peckham.

Mr. HONE—You must pay ss. for being drunk, and 2s,
to the patrol for his trouble in taking you to, the watch•
house.

The defendant was then loeLed, up until he procured the
money he was awarded to pay.

THE ARMY.

The Gth Regiment of Dragoons has received orders to
march this morning from Ipswich and Notwich, for Not-
tingham and Sheffield Barracks.

Detachments belonging to the 634 Infantry and the East
India Company's Service arrived in town yesterday, from
Bristol, and received orders to embark this morning, on
board a steam•vessel in the River, for• Gravesend, on route
to Chatham.

GREECE.

(EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM TEIE MURIA.)

We disembarked on the flat shore of a de-
licious country, of which I cannot give you a
more exact idea than by 'comparing it to the
islands ofthe Southern Pacific Ocean. We are
encamped under citron and pomegranate trees and
laurel roses ; near us run a number of little
brooks ; and, not far from us, a river, which is
said to be great in winter, but is now only like
a narrow thread of water in its almost dry bed,
whose unequal extent seems to indicate frequent
overflowings. We are two leagues from Coron,
a little place fortified by the Venetians, which
we passed close to in entering the gulf which
bears the same name. The Turks, to the num-
ber of 700 or 800, saw our fleet of 70 sail pass
without any visible emotion—crouched down,
according to their custom, they stupidly regarded
our progress, and, apparently touched by an in-
evitable destiny, which neither permitted them to
submit or to resist in an efficacious manner.
Every thing, then, led us to believe that in a
few days we should have to batter with our
cannon this paltry town.

a It is said that Modon and Navarin Will be
immediately delivered up to us by the Egyptians,
whose embarkation has already commenced at
Navarin. At present we pass our time plea-
santly enough, in a position which we took three
days ago ; we have neither tables, nor chairs, nor
beds—but, besides these things, we want nothing
else. The distributions of provisions are made
regularly ; the gulf abounds higood fish, and the
country furnishes us with excellent fruits,_ which
the Greek peasants sell to us. These poor
people, armed, to the teeth, bring us vegetables,
&c., cultivated in their gardens ; they sell them
to us at a dear rate, but they treat us as friends;
for Ibrahim and his Arabs, ever since they have
been blockaded by the Allied Powers, have given
fair words and promised large sums for like pro-
duce, but without success, as no Greek would
take any thing to them. The attempts of Ibra-
him, after four years' residence, to obtain an ap-
pearance of submission on the part of the Greeks,
have all been in vain—the spirit of liberty, has
been so effectually awakened among them, that he
hai not been able to procure the confidence even of
those peasants who live, as it were, under the
cannon of the three places which he occupied.
If, in this remote corner of Greece—the place of
his disembarkation, and where all his forces are
concentrated—they thus brave his power, even
at the cannon's mouth, what may we not ima-
gine the spirit of the remainder of Greece to be !
The theeks of this district are considered
„to be less civilized than in any other portion of
the Morea, and to be robbers by profession ; on
our- parts, however, we have much reason to
commend them"; it is true, that it would be
rather surprising if it was otherwise ; we must
remember that true barbarians never reason, and
that recently the Army of the Faith, to whose as-
sistance we marched into Spain, stripped and
murdered our scattered soldiers. We have al-
ready made several excursions, and we have only
met civil people, well armed it is true, but ex-
tremely mild. Yesterday, accompanied by two
friends, we directed our steps to Calamata, a
Greek town situated about four leagues from our
camp. We went a part of the way by sea in a
boat conducted by some Greek sailors. We had
occasion to admire the address and intrepidity of
these men—an intrepidity sometimes
.pushed a
little too far, for in fact I believe that in this
passage, when we were in the midst of breakers
for some time, we ran considerable risk by. their
audacity. Calamata is situated in the interior of
the country, and from the sea-shore we had to
walk in the dry bed of a mountain torrent ; these
are the best traced roads in this country. We
found the town completely in ruins ; there seemed
not a single habitable room fit for a man at all
habituated to comfort ; however, the greatest
part of the surviving population of the place
have returned, and every thing indicates that
the town will be soon re-established. The people
appear active and industrious ; we found the in-
habitants extremely polite, and possessed of very
good manners; confidence even appeared to have
already revived, for in the town a great many
people were unarmed. We paid a visit to the
municipal authorities, who received us very po-
litely ; we procured a good dinner at a public-
house, which has been opened only a few days;
my companions only found one inconvenience,
namely, that, according to them, the Greeks use
too much seasoning in their cooking. All the
inhabitants of this unhappy country bear yet on
their figures the traces of their long sufferings.
c, There is no one who has not had to lament
the loss of a relation ; happy when it was only
death that separated them ; but the idea of the
slavery in which the greater part of them languish
is revolting to them beyond measure. The idea
that their wives and daughters are slaves in the
Turkish harems, drives them
almost to, madness.
" They say that the most beautiful of their
women have been carried off; and v% e have met
with some who have been thus ravished from
their homes, whose air of suffering and sadness
is, indeed, painful. In returning from Cala-
mata we met a poor young girl who demanded
alms of us, and showed to us the horrible wounds
which the Turks bad inflicted on her, by tearing
her ears off. We frequently meet with persons
mutilated in a like manner. And can cruelties
like these still be indifferent to statesmen ? It is
time to put a stop to them. Chir expedition
already acquires a sublime character, when we see
the good which it is sure of producing."—
French .Parer,
