SPIRIT OF THE LONDON JOURNALS.

We consider it a subject of unfeigned rejoic-
ing that the Duke of Wellington's letter, which
appears to have heel) made public in Dublin on
Wednesday last, has in one sense afforded the
most lively feelings of satisfaction to the Catholic
body, by making manifest to all the world the
anxiety of the Prime Minister to ".settle the
question"—that is, to grant emancipation--
instead of confirming the barefaced boast of the
Brunswickers, that the Duke was as hostile to
them as ever. Here is, for the first time, from a
Minister of the reputed party of Perceval, Liver-
pool, and Eldon, a frank declaration that he is
most anxious to see " the question settled ;"
and (for we must provide against the tricks of
disingenuous cavillers) settled by some new and
effectual measure,—not by perpetuating the law
which-now exists. It is worthy of
.Observation,
that where the Duke of Wellington speaks of
the obstacles which he sees to the prospect of a
" settlement," he does not allude to any in the
principle of the measures of emancipation. Flc
says nothing of the " not keeping faith with the
heretics,"— nothing of irremovable mischief in the.
natural influence of the priests—nothing of
double allegiance, or. any other nonsense, so
much relied upon by those I ories whose errors
he has had the manliness to avow that he no
longer participates. No : the difficulty which
alarms this stout-nerved soldier, is of a natuftt ex-
trinsic to•the merits of the question itself, arising
solely from the evil spirit of faction, and from the
violence of those who have taken opposite sides in
the discussion of it. .The Duke of Welling-
ton, in stating the sincerity of his own wishes for
a settlement, implies, as we would fain hope
and trust, a confession that it is his bounden
duty to promote by all the means within his
power (and the Prime Minister is known to
have powerful means) that " settlement," which
he describes as so " beneficial to the State, and
to every individual," Protestant as well as Ga.,
tholic, " that belongs to it." Mr. Canning
went no further than an expression of his own
anxious feelings in favour of such a settlement ;
and in that expression, highly as we esteemed
and admired Mr. Canning, we are satisfied that
he was not more sincere or cordial than his gal-,
lant successor is now. Mr. Canning salt, do
more upon the probability of that much wished-:
for settlement than what follows The pa-
tronage and influence of the Treasury, though
professing to be neutral, have always hitherto
sympathised—undesignedly perhaps, though-not
the less sensibly—with the politics of 'the Prime
Minister on this occasion. Under me, the
name of neutrality shall not, you may depend
upon it, be made a screen for works of secret
hostility to the Catholics or to the cause of
emancipation. Give ins a little time, and I have
no doubt of being able to bring about a settle-
ment." Now the Duke of Wellington, a re-
served man in his temperament, leaves to be col,
lected from his actions that which Mr. Canning,.
more communicative, permitted -to disclose itself'
in words. Mr. Canning did not find it neces-
sary to deprecate that factious fury which had
not in his day reached the evil eminence which
it has since attained to ; he asked for "time,"
and promised a successful issue. The Duke of
Wellington asks the authors of the public dis-
traction to desist " for a short time" from their
violence, and merely adds, that he, if left unmo-
lested, does not " despair of finding a satisfac-
tory remedy." Need the Duke of Wellington,
conscious of none but honest views, go further
than such an entreaty to the fanatics on both
sides, or such an intimation of his own desire

to be allowed time and tranquillity for the com-
pletion of that " settlement," which, without
boldly promising, he "is sincerely anxious to.
witness ?" This document to which we have
been referring, is one in itself of so great import-
ance, and has been looked for as the solution of
so many painful doubts, fears, or conjectures,
that we are not backward to acknowledge the
extreme caution with which we have repeatedly
read and considered it, before we would risk an
opinion upon its true meaning, which our
readers might afterwards reproach us with as not
capable of entire justification. But, to the best
of our judgment, it is an encouraging letter. It
proves, under his own hand, that the wishes of
the Duke of Wellington are decidedly favour-
able to Emancipation, and that his fears for
the success of it are founded—not on any
prospect of mischief from the measure itself, or
onresisted. anyunfitting them for the privileges of Bri-
tish subjects, but, on the personal (and there-
tes,
boli tenet, political or religious, of the Ca-
fore in its nature transient) violence of those by
whom the
he* r o,
t
afterv'.ill beimpossible is
for maintained t
he Cumberland
m or
ber e
such avowals, to misrepresent the Duke of
Wellington, as " of their faction ;" and that is
cause
ulnidste
a point gained, the value of which we conceive
to be inestimable. We must, however, repeat
our observation of yesterday, that the Duke
seems to us to over-rate the difficulties which
surrou,id this national question. The Duke of
Wellington has, from circumstances, more than
ten times the political power that Mr. Canning
could have wielded during the first year of his
administration. His Grace may, without exag-
gerating his own pretensions, add the " sic
juheo" to the " sic volo," and if he permits the
rubbish about the Court to deter him from at-
tempting very shortly " a beneficial settlement,"
such as he justly terms emancipation, he may
assure himself that his character for civil courage
which has not hitherto escaped wholly without
suspicion, will sustain an injury not easy to be
repaired. The Catholic question must always
produce fermentation among parties, until it
shall be finally settled. The tranquillity which
he invokes, the lull which he looks for, can never
exist until after the measure shall have passed.
If he defers, therefore, to legislate until he can
legislate undisturbed by faction, he imagines
that the consequence is to precede the cause.—
Times.

We have given in another part of our Paper a
report of the proceedings of the Irish Catholic
Association on Tuesday last, the most remark-
able feature of which was the production by Mr.
O'Connell of a letter from the Duke of Welling-
ton to Dr. Curtis, the Roman Catholic Primate
to firs
of Ireland. This letter has naturally produced a
deep pro-
mulgated, fail m
sensation where it
a waske a t
similar-
sensation throughout the Empire. Perhaps a
higher compliment was never paid to any Ands-
ter than that which the Duke of Wellington has
been constantly receiving every day for the last
six months. Men of all parties, and of every
different shade of opinion upon the Roman Ca-
tholic Question, have been so determined to
have the Noble Duke on their side, that in or-
der to snatch even for a moment the importance
and popularity which so enviable a coincidence
must confer, reason has been willingly sacri-
ficed, and probability resolutely set at nought.—
But this instinctive deference—this tacit recog-
Hition of superiority—has never been exhi-

,

bited in a manner so grotesque, as that of' the
members of the Roman Catholic Association,
and of that portion of the Irish Press which
the Rent has enabled them to retain, when they
claim the illustrious Premier as their friend and
ally, because he has said in effect that he would
not despair of settling the Catholic Question, if
the Catholics were something different from what
they are, and.that they being.. such as they arc,
and such as their religion necessarily makes
them, he sees no prospect Of its settlement.
—This we take to be the. meaning of the Duke
of Wellington's letter, and we think it is ex-
as such a meaning could" with
pressed as plainly
any degree of courtesy be expressed in. a commu-
nication directly addressed to a Roman Catholic
Bishop. At once and decisively this communi-
cation puts an end to the thousand • and one
Tumours which have been so industriously pro-
pagated by the advocates of Popery, of Go-
vernment having some definite measure in
contemplation for the satisfaction of the Pa-
'pists. It give a flat contradiction to the asser-
tion which O'Connell hazarded the other day in
the Association, and to all the similar fabrica-
tions by which the Liberal Press have daily
during the last six months endeavoured to amuse
their readers. But it does moch more than
this,— it proclaims that in the opinion of the
'Noble Duke the pretensions of the Roman Ca-
tholics are utterly and everlastingly hopeless. At
least this is the impression it has produced upon
our minds, judging of it without the opportunity
of referring to the letter to which it is a reply,
and which
.letter the Roman Catholic party, from
whom the publication of the Duke's reply pro-
ceeds, have cautiously suppressed.. In the intro-
ductory paragraph of his letter the Noble Pre-
mier expresses, in the same general terms which
he has more than once employed in Parlia-
ment, his anxiety for " the settlement of the
Roman Catholic Question, which, by benefiting
the State, would-confer a benefit upon every in-
dividual belonging to it." For such a settle-
ment of the question as this—a settlement which
by benefiting the State would confer a benefit on
every individual belonging to it, it is needless to
say that we also, in common with every loyal
subject of the British Crown, are sincerely
anxious. " But," says the Noble Duke—and
this is the passage of his communication which
is of immediate practical importance—" I con-
fess I see no prospect (.)i such a settlement." Nor
can wee—nor can any honest man who is not
himself a Roman Catholic, see any such pro-
spect. The fact is, and so we have no doubt
the Duke of Wellington thinks, that a set-
tlement of the question which can benefit
the State, other than that which may be
produced by the complete extinction of the
hopes and pretensions of the Roman Catho-
lics, is impossible so long as that body are
distinguished from the rest of their fellow
subjects and fellow Christians by blind and de-
voted slavery to their priests, and by that cala-
mity or crime, call it which we will—for it ;nay
be either, and in some instances it is both--
whichaeonstitutea the brand and fetters of their
bondage, their exclusion from the oracles of
God, 'from that pure fountain of intelligence
and morality, the Sacred Scriptures. Let them
be emancipated from this degrading and vitiating
bondage, and other emancipation they will not
require, nor their Protestant fellow-subjects
refuse. The Duke of Wellington is of opinion
that the absence of party violence' in the dis-
cussion of the question, and a cairn, dispas-
sionate, ain-i diligent consideration of its dif-
ficulties, must precede any satisfactory ad-
justment. These conditions are no doubt
indispensible to any satisfactory adjustment
of the question, but it is equally clear that they
are unattainable or impossible conditions. The
abstraction of party feelings from the discussion
would leave the cause of unconditional emanci-
pation without a single Protestant advocate. A
calm, dispassionate, and diligent consideration of
the difficulties of the question would lead the
Romanists, were they capable of undertaking it,
to detect the large and permanent source of those
difficulties, in. the ecclesiastical slavery of which
they are the voluntary victims, and which, so
long. as they are held in subjection to it, must
disqualify them for forming an integral and
influential part of a Free Protestant Government.
In avoiding the polemics of the question, the
Duke of Wellington evinces the good taste and
discretion which might be expected from Mtn.
He requires the absence of party violence upon
a question which has hitherto derived its greatest
importance from the violence or cunning of
party. He requires that all parties to the ques-
tion should fit themselves for a calm, dispas-
sionate, and diligent consideration of its diffi-
culties, which, as he well observes, are great, it
being evident and notorious that the most deeply
interested and most active of these parties are
such, simply because they are, disqualified for
perceiving in what the chief difficulties of the
question consist, and that when even that dis-
qualification ceases they will be parties to it no
longer. We can wish for no wore explicit de,
claration that the Noble Doke neither is now,
nor ever will be, an Emancipator.—Mo? n. Post.
In another part of our Paper will be found a
letter from the Duke of Wellington on the sub-
ject of the Roman Catholic Question, the honesty
and good sense of which we would fain recom-
mend to the kind consideration and favourable
construction both of the opponents and abettors
of the measure of Emancipation. If any one
thing be more palpable than another, it is
that the violence of these parties has done more
to retard the settlement of the Catholic Ques-
tion than any difficulties peculiarly belonging to
the measure itself; and that until their violence
has given way to calm consideration, there will
he no possibility of settling it. From the con-
tents of the letter itself, we do not perceive that
any deduction can be made either in favour, or
against the concession, of the Catholic claims.
There is nailing positive in the letter either
the one way or the other ; and all that is
question has been said
said upon the general
again and again by the most determined oppo-
nents of Emancipation. All profess themselves
willing and anxious to see the affairs of Ireland
fettled ; .and all agree, that if they could be set-
tled without endangering the stability of the Con-
stitution, there would be a great and beneficial
change in the state and circumstances of both
countries—a-gain to Ireland in internal peace
and general tranquillity, and a gain to England in
the saving of an enormous military expenditure
-for keeping our fellow-subjects quiet. But then
the question again recurs how is the benefit to be
secured on the °He hand, and the danger averted
on the other ? and to this the Duke of Wellington
has only answered by saying, that such an im-
portant object can only 1e secured by burying,
for a time, all the jealousies, animosities, and
party fesling, and coming as calmly to the con-
sideration of the question, as to that of one of
mere expediency, which involves no feeling but
that of conducing to the benefit of 'the State.-

The indefinite nature of such an answer makes
nothing, certainly, against his Grace's sincerity ;
but we are frank to own, that if the question
cannot he settled until the conditions, which he
has pointed out, shall have been complied with,
it never will be settled.—Morning Advertiser.
The Letter of the Duke of Wellingtop to the
!lonian Catholic Primate of Ireland, expressing
his sincere anxiety to witness the settlement of
the Catholic Question, which he says " by be-
nefitting the State would confer a benefit on
every individual be:onging to it," is important
as proving the opinion which his Grace enter-
tains himself on the subject. His subsequent
confession that he sees no prospect of such a set-
tlensent, as party has been mixed up with the
consideration of the question to such a degree,
and such violence 'pervades every discussion of
it, that it is impossible to expect to prevail upon
men to consider it dispassionately, leaves us
very much in the dark as to the grounds for his
opinion. There is evidently more here than
meets the eye. If the Duke had wished to pre-
vent party from being mixed up with the ques-
tion, he would have declared himself distinctly
at an earlier period, for we are convinced that
almost all the opposition in this country has
arisen from t hodoubt respecting the views of his
Grace. But it is possible that his Grace alludes
here to the secret power, without which, no
doubt, he cannot act. He knows best the diffi-
culties of his position. The rest of the letter
must not be construed strictly. He no doubt
means, by burying the question in oblivion fer a
short time, and employing that time diligently
in the consideration of its difficulties, the absti-
' nence from the public agitation of it, in order
that the warmth on one side may not call forth
an equal degree of warmth on the other. When
it is known, too, that the Head of the Govern-
ment is anxious for a settlement, all those who
look forward to favours will, at all events, be
anxious not to be prominent in counteracting it.
We have no doubt that the letter will give
great satisfaction to all the Catholics. Our
readers will see the impression which the read-
ing of it produced at the Catholic Association.—
Morning Chronicle.
This metropolis is famous for having the
worst police in Europe, without exception, and
for having more females of easy virtue than all
the other capitals of Europe taken together.
The latter evil -is perhaps inseparable frinn the
greA wealth and luxury and circulation both of
men and property ; and perhaps the beat policy
is to wink at an 'evil that cannot be suppressed,
and to say as little about it as possible, recurring
to the law only when offences against public de-
cency are committed by the frail sisterhood. In
other cities the police, to prevent any public
scandal, takes the regulation of this matter into
its hands. But Englishmen, free-born English-
men, have been taught to believe that it is better
to be without security for person and property,
than to submit to any regulations for keeping
the evil-disposed in check, and deg the constant
spectacle of disgusting indecency is necessary to
the existence of liberty. But every now and then,
amidst all this pretended regard for liberty, there
occurs a most insufferable interference with indis
viduals, under the pretence of preserving purity
of morals, which is the more disgusting from the
knowledge of the rank hypocrisy from which it
emanates. Our readers will see, from our Man-
sion-House Report, that a discovery has been
made in the Records of the City of London, that
" a lewd woman may be pursued, if she be in corn-
pally with a man for Wrong purposes, into a house
of ill repute, and be taken therefrom, and carted
through- the streets ; and that her male compa-
nion, in such wrong-doing, of' whatever degree,
may be also apprehended and carted like-
wise ;" and that the City Police are employed in
the praiseworthy attempt of carrying that custom
into execution. If the accounts which the Com-
mon Councilmen gave of' each other at the late
Wardmotes be at all like the truth, we may soon
expect to see carting one of the best trades in the
city of London. " They are, it seems, placed
back to back, in an open cart ; and a piece of
parer is pinned to the breast of each, stating
the nature of the offence. They are then to
be driven at a slow pace to the City boundary ;
and when they arrive there, the back-board is
to be iemoved, and they are both to be gently
dropped into the county." Whet a nice spectacle
it would be to see the Deputy-A. and Miss B.
carted in this way through the City ! What folly !
We are told in the excellent History of the
French Revolution, by Thiess, that during the
Reign of Terror, an enthusiast of the name of
Chaumette endeavoured in good earliest to effect
what the city people, for reasons best known to
themselves, arc now pretending to effect.
" Chaumette (says the historian), destitute of
political wisdom, full 'of' a common-place philo-
sophy, and- carried away by an extraordinary
penchant for declamation, preached with ar-
dour, and the devout pride of a Missionary,
good morals, industry, the patriotic virtues,
and finally reason, abstaining always, how-
ever, from naming God. lie thundered
against prostitution, and caused to be prohi-
bited by the commune the profession of public
women, usually tolerated as inevitable. These
unfortunate wretches were prohibited from ap-
pearing in public, or even exercising in the in-
terior of their houses their deplorable industry.
Chaumette said, that _ they belonged to Mo-
narchical and Catholic countries, where there
were idle citizens and unmarried Priests, and
that labour and marriage ought to drive them
from Republics. Of course the exertions of
Citizen Chaumette were as successful as those
of the Municipal Officers of London will be.
We dare to say Englishmen were
very few
aware that any Beadle or Constable could,
under the pretext of repressing paw paw
proceedings, enter houses without a war-
rant, and drag whom he conceived as offending
before justice. Even during the reign of terror,
this was deemed no small stretch of authority in
Citizen Chaumette. Such law cannot be exe-
cuted in England—it may afford a handle to
malice. This comes of living under Sleeping
laws, which any coxcomb or busy meddling,
fool may put in force to gratify spleen. It is admi-
rably remarked by Jeremy Bentham, in his book
on Judicial Establishments :—" Of the condition
of him whose curse—l had almost said whose
crime—it is to live under such laws, what is to be
said? It is neither more nor less than slavery. Stich
it is in the very strictest language, and according to
the exactest definition. Law, the only power that
gives security to others, is the very thing that
takes it away from him. His destiny is to live
his life long with a halter about his neck ; and
his safety depends upon his never meeting with
that man whom wantonness and malice can have
induced to pull at it. Between the tyranny of
sleeping laws, and the tyranny of lawless Mo-
narchy, there is this difference : the, latter is the
tyranny of' one, the other is the tyranny of mil-
lions. In the one case the slave has but one
master ; in the other he has as many masters as

there are individuals in the party by whom the
tyranny has been set up. Tyranny and anarchy
are never far asunder. Dearly, indeed,
must the laws pay fin- the mischief of
which they sire thus made the instruments.
—The weakness they are thus struck with
does not confine itself to the peccant spot ; it
spreads over their whole frame. The tainted
parts throw suspicion upon those that arc yet
sound. Who can say which of them the disease
has gained--which of them it has spared ? You
open the Statute Book, and look into a clause :
does it belong to the sound part or to the rotten?
How can you say ? By what token are you to
know? A man is not safe in trusting to his own
eyes. You may have the whole Statute Book
by heart, and all the while not know the ground
you stand upon under the law. It pretends to
fix your -destiny ; and after all, if you want to
know your destiny, you must learn it, not from the
law, but the temper of the times. The tem-
per of the times, did I say ? You must know
the temper of every individual in the nation ;
you must know not only what it is at the pre-
sent
instant, -hut what it will be at every future 1
one. All this you must know, before you can
lay your hand upon your bosom, and say to
yourself, I ant safe. What, all this while, is.
the character and condition of the law ? Some-
times a bugbear, at other times a snare ; her
threats inspire no efficient terror, her promises
no confidence." There is not a member of the
Corporation of .the city of London, who
would not be afraid of the ridicule of a denial than
he had some time or other deserved to be carted,
if municipal justice had been done to him.
How foolish, then, to rummage musty records for
customs, from the execution of which they would
themselves have been in danger ! But it is
worse than foolish. They are affording a justi-
fication to the Constables, Beadles, and other
people in their pay, to neglect duties in which
they may be useful to their fellow-citizens, by
busying themselves with the more agreeable
business of prying into the conduct of their
neighbours. Is there not a sufficiency of em-
ployment for these people in affording protection
to persons and property, : and hunting out
thieves, but they must, forsooth, meddle with
what constitutes a violation of morality rather
than a crime ?—/bid.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

An elderly woman named Mary Moss, alias
Bullivan, alias Salmons, was charged before Alder-
man FAREBROTHER with having assaulted and ob-
structed Collins, the beadle of Wa'brook, in 'the
execution of his duty.
This case was rendered remerkable by being the
first connected with the revival of a very old custom
of the city of London, established for the punish-
ment of persons guilty of immoral conduct in housea
of a certain description.
The City Solicitor attended for the pro wcution.
He stated, that as it was impossible to calculate
with certainty upon the punishment of the keepers.
of notorious and dangerous brothels in the city of
London, and as numerous complaints had been
lately made against the owners of such HOuses by
some of the most respectable families, it had been at
length determined to resort to the ancient and ex-
cellent custom of carting those who frequented such
places for immoral purposes. It was mentioned in
one of the City records, that " a lewd woman may
he pursued, if she he in company with a man for
wrong purposes, into a house of ill-repute, and be
taken therefrom, and carted through the streets, and
that her male companion in such wrong-doing, of
whatever degree, may be also apprehended and
carted likewise." This custom, the revival of which
would perhaps be attended with some inconveni-
ence,.was, he thought, calculated to prevent the dis-
graceful scenes which so frequently took place in
houses of ill-fame. A very prudent officer had been
directed to " pursue" couples, according to the terms
of the custom, into the house, No. 6, Sherborne-
lane, Walbrook, and in the performance of this duty
he had been assaulted.

Collins deposed, that having received his orders
to keep his eve upon the house in question, a girl
addressed him in the street in the usual strain, and
invited him to No. 6. Be told her to go in and he
would follow her. She forthwith led the way, and
walked up stairs. He also went in ; but before he
reached the landing-place, the defendant rushed out
of the parlour, seized him by the collar, dragged
him down, and called for the poker. Ile imme-
diately showed her his staff. She still, resisted—
called him by the most opprobrious names, and he
left the house.

Mr. Harmer, who attended for the defendant,
said that the beadle could have expected no other
treatment ; Mrs. Moss conjectured that he had an
improper design upon the young woman, and very
properly interfered. if it was the beadle's intention
to enter, not for pleasure, but for the purpose of
apprehending parties, he should have brought his
warrant.

The City Solicitor said, that Mr. Harmer was
quite mistaken in that respect. The beadle bad a
tight to pursue parties who were in homses of the
kind upon "disorderly business," and to take them
into custody without Ft warrant, and any one who
interfered was punishable at the Quarter Sessions,
which was a custom certainly peculiar to the city of
London.
Mr. Harmer contended that such a custom had
fallen into aesuetude, and was worth nothing; ao
man had a right to enter a house without a warrant
to search for persons. Besides, the officer himself
was the companion of the girl, so that if any
carting were to take place, he must in all fairness un-
dergo it. How did Mrs. Moss know but that she
was beset by thieves? The custom alluded to was
certainly " more honoured in the breach than the
observance," for other reasons.
The Alderman asked whether the defendant
wished to give any account of the matter.
Mrs. Moss—Your Vorship, I did'nt like to see
Mr. Collins, what every one knows has a large
family, go along with a duberous character. I con-
sidered that he had a vife, and I knows the feelings
of a voman, and I vouldn't let him do no such a
thing.
Collins stated, that some time afterwards be
" pursued" a gentleman and a female to the same
house, and upon going after them up stairs, he was
again seized in a very rough manner by the de-
fendant, to whom he again showed his staff, but
who grossly reviled him, and threatened him with
the poker.
Mr. Harmer said he really considered this most
unwarrantable conduct. It was quite ridiculous to
suppose that a man could be justified in entering
house of any description without an authority signed
by a Magistrate.
The City Solicitor—l expect that the defendant
will be ordered to find bail. The house is a dread-
ful -nuisance, and carting is the only alternative left.
There is now a gentleman in the Justice-room, who
is prevented from bringing home his children to his
house because it is opposite to that in question. We
thought to burn Mrs. Moss out, but she was not to
be mth-ed by fire.

Mr. Harmer—How did Mrs. Moss know that the
couple were not man and wife ?
The City Solicitor—Nobody can doubt the pur-
pose for which they went in. The whole neigh-
bourhood is disgraced and disguked by the proceed-
ing there, and we must put a stop to them.
Mr. Harmer—But you must not ransack our
rooms in quest of couples.
The City Solicitor—We must prevent these
things, friend Harmer. The revival of this custom
vvill, I trust, produce a wholesome effect. If we
do not adopt this plan, we shall be obliged to con-

tent ourselves with the old one of indictment, and
defendants will manage to escape us by a speedy
transfer.

Alderman FAREBROTHER observed, that nothing
could be a more dreadful nuisance to a respectalele
neighbourhood than a house such as that at present
In question.

Mr. Harmer (notwithstanding the city solicitor's
great experience of city customs) expressed a strong
doubt of the existence of the custom described, it
was in such decided opposition to the liberty of the
subject.
The City Solicitor—Of the existence of it there
is no more doubt than that we are here. There
was rather a singular ease of the kind, which is
mentioned, I think, by Stowe. The Pope's Nuncio
Caine over to this country, to anathematize certain
of the clergy of the city of London, for having taken
unto themselves wives, in contradiction to the spirit
of celibacy which so powerfully operated upon the
Catholic community of that day, with respect to
their pastors. On the night of his arrival, however,
that reverend personage was taken out of a house of
ill fame in Cornhill, where he was discovered by the
police in bed with a girl.
Alderman FAREBROTHER—And what becamo of
the Nuncio ?

The City Solicitor.--I believe that our respect for
his Holiness induced the Lord Mayor, before whom
his emissary was brought next day, to let his reve-
rence go without carting him, but I am sure we
carted the girl. (Laughter.)

Alderman FARBROTIIER ordered the defendant
to find bail, And in default committed her.
We understand that the carting system will he
immediately adopted on a very general scale in the
city of London, and that the operation is as follows :
—The delinquents are placed back to back in an
open cart, and a piece of paper is pinned to the
breast• of each, stating. the nature of the offence.
They are then to be driven at a slow pace to the
city 'boundary, and when they arrive there, the back-
board is to be removed, and •they are both to be
gently dropped into the county.
