FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

ST. JAMES'S-PALACE, AuG.
This day had audiences of his Majesty, to deliver letters from
their respective Sovereigns :
Monsieur Van de Weyer, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary from the King of the Belgians ;
The Baron de Mareuil, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary from the King of the French;
And M. de Gersdorff, Minister Resident from the King of
Saxony ;
To which audiences they were respectively introduced by Lord
Viscount Palmerston, his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir Robert Chester, Knt.
Master of the Ceremonies.

ST. JAMES'S-PALACE, AUG. 23.
The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of
Knighthood upon John Deas Thomson, Esq., late Commissioner
and Accountant-General of the Navy, Civil Knight Commander
of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic Order.

ST. JAMES'S PALACE, AUG. 1.
The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of Knight.
hood upon Lieut.-Colonel Michael Craigh, of the 86th or Royal
County Down Regiment, Military Companion of the Royal
Hanoverian Guelphic Order.

ST. JAMES'S PALACE, Auo. 24.
The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of Knight-
hood upon Major-General
.William Nicolay, Governor of the
Island of Mauritius.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, AUG. 27.
Royal Regiment of Artillery—Second Lieut. F. S. Hamilton,
to be First Lieutenant, vice Seddon, deceased, Aug. 17.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Durham.
L Walton, Esq. and W. R. C. Chaytor, Esq. to be Deputy
Lieutenants, Aug. 22.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant ofthe County of Middlesex.
The Hon. G. A. Craven to be Deputy Lieutenant, July 24.
Royal East Middlesex Militia.
J. Prujean, Gent, to be Ensign, July 24.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Oxford.
W. Montagu, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant, Aug. 21.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kincardine.
Lieut.-Col. J. Campbell to be Deputy Lieutenant. Aug. 17.

BANKRUPTS.
JOHN HENRY TAYLOR, Crayford, Kent, calico printer,
to surrender Sept. 8, and Oct. 9, at twelve, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Groom, official assignee, Abchurch-lane, London ;
Richardson and Talbot, Bedford-row, London ; Fooks, Dartford.
WILLIAM NICHOLS and GEORGE NICHOLS, Crown
and Horse Shoe Wharf, Upper Thames-street, London, coal-
merchants, Sept. 11, at three, and Oct. 9, at half-past twelve, at
the Court of Bankruptcy. JHutchinson and 'meson, Crown-
court, Threadneedle-street; Whitmore, Austin-friars, official
assignee.

ROBERT GUTHRIE, Cochran-terrace, Portland-town, tai-
lor, Sept. 11, at half-past one, and Oct. 9, at twelve, at Court of
Bankruptcy. Sutchtfe and Burch, Bridge-street, Blackfriars ;
Turquand, Tokenhouse. yard, official assignee.
WILLIAM HODGES, George-street, Portland-place, pain-
ter, Sept. 7, at ten, and Oct. 9, at eleven, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Lowe, Lothbury, official assignee; Biggs, Bedford-
row.

JOHN LEADBEATER and JOHN BARLOW, Manchester,
cabinet-makers, Sept. 10, 11, and Oct. 9, at nine, at the York
Hotel, Manchester. Jones and Hughes, Southampton-buildings,
Chancery-lane, London ; Wheeler, Manchester.
ROBERT TAYLOR, Tokenhouse.yard, London, merchant,
Sept. 7, at twelve, and Oct 9, at eleven, at the Court of Bank.
ruptcy. Abbott, King's Arms-yard, Coleman.street, official
assignee ; Williams, Copthall_court.
GEORGE HENRY FOURDRINIER, Brownhills, Burslem,
paper-merchant, Staffordshire, Sept. 8, and Oct. 9, at one, at the
Waterloo Hotel, Burslem. Taylor, Shelton ; Pelle, Old Broad_
street, London.
ROBERT GADSDEN, Liverpool, bread-baker, Sept. 11, at
half-past twelve, and Oct. 9, at eleven, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Davies, Palsgrave-place, Temple, London ; Catinan,
Lothbury, official assignee.
JOSEPH FRANCIS WHARTON and SARAH ELIZA-
BETH JONES, St. Paul's Church-yard, coffee-house-keepers,
Sept. 7, at half-past twelve, and Oct. 9, at half-past eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Stevens, Wilkinson, and Satchel, Little
Saint Thomas Apostle, Queen-street; Whitmore, Austin-friars,
official assignee.
DIVIDENDS.

H. W.Danson, Bristol, merchant, Sept. 20, at two, at the
White Lion Inn, Bristol.

J. Bell, Liverpool, master mariner, Sept. 19, at eleven, at Mr.
Toulinin's office, Liverpool.
It. White, l'ainswick, .Gloucestershire, clothier, Sept. 29, at
eleven, at the Ram Inn, Gloucester.

T. Pilbrow, Exeter, music-seller, Sept. 26, at one, at the New
London Inn, Exeter.

IL Force, Exeter, cabinet-maker, Sept. 29, at one, at the New
London Inn, Exeter. _

C. Jarvis, 'Hinckley, Leicestershire, banker, Sept. 25, at four,
at the George Inn, Hinckley.
E. Jacob, Llantrissent, Glamorganshire, cattle.dealer, Oct. 2,
at one, at the offices of Messrs. Prothero and Phillips, Newport,
Monmouthshire.

'l'. Evans, Welch Pool, Montgomeryshire, grocer, Sept. 24, at
eleven, at the Talbot Inn, Shrewsbury.
S. Bryars, Chester, silversmith, Oct. 9, at twelve, at the Blos-
soms Inn, Chester.
'l'. Griffiths, New Castle Emlyn, Carmarthenshire, tanner,
Sept. 24, at two, at the Boar's Head Inn, Carmarthen.
T. Dallman, Old Bond-street, tailor, Sept. 20, at one, at the
Court of Bankruptcy.
W. A. Noble, Devonshire-square, Bishopsgate-street, engineer,
Sept. 20, at half-past two' at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Butcher, jun., Coal Exchange, Lower Thames-street, coal-
factor' Sept. 20, at two, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
W. T. Webb, Swan-yard, Bermondsey-street, currier, Sept.
20, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
B. Howell and W. Bennett, Charles-street, Cavendish square,
ironmongers, Sept. 21, at half-past ten, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy.
CERTIFICATES.SEPT. IS.

J. Dalton, White Bear, Upper Thames-street, victualler.
W. Bain field, jun., Mark-lane, wine-merchant.
W. Parkin, jun., St. James's-street, hardwaremen.
It. Henessey, Drury-lane, timber-merchant.
J. Scholfield and J. Clough, Selby and Howdcn, Yorkshire,
bankers.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

J. E. and H. J. It. Ellworthy, Devonport, solicitors.
N. Newland and H. White, Portsea, linen-drapers.
D. Hodgson and F. Thornton, Ramsgate, millers.
Sophia Hodgkinson and Mary Gorsuch, Liverpool, confec-
tioners.

W. and R. Crosbie, Reading, drapers.
T. and J. Slater, Gloucester, tanners.
G. ruld IL Griffiths, Commercial-road, Lambeth, carvers and

R. and J. Moorey, Colonnade, Russell square, veterinary
surgeons.

Sl' Harley and W. Cooper (executors of the late Mr. Andrew
Jones) and J. Davies, Shoidatch, Shrewsbury, mercers.
H. Davies, D. Jones, J. -Birdsall, R. Roberts, J. Evans, and A.
Abbott, Cedryn, Carnarvonshire, miners, (so far as regards the
said H. Davies, J.Birdsall, 1). Jones, and A. Abbott.)
W. Robinson and It. Blass, Kingston.upon-Hull, hosiers.
J. Lockett and J Cram, Northfleet, coal-merchants.
G. Woodroffe and W. D. Holmes, St. John's-square, Clerken.
well.

J. Hall and J. Newland, New Windsor, barge-masters.
E. and J. Walker, Ley Moor, Huddersfield, clothiers.
C. Lashmar and C. Webster, Croydon, surgeons.
R. and H. Christian, Skinner-street, Snow-hill, grocers.
W. Nattle, Cadson,Cornwall, and J. Coade, Devonport, brewers.
Elizabeth Cooke and J. Smith, Worship-street, Finsbury,
coach-makers.

SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
ROBERT M'LI MONT and Co., merchants, Glekgow, Aug.
31, and Sept. 14, at two, at the Lyceum Rooms.
DANIEL LIZARS, Edinburgh, printer, Sept. 4. and ‘-'O, at
one, at the Royal Exchange Coffee-house.

Sir ALBERT PELL is, we regret to hear,
seriously indisposed at his house, in Harley-street.
Lord FREDERICK FITZCLARENCE has re-
signed the command of the 7th Royal Fusileers, to which
he was appointed in 1825. Colonel ELPIIINSTONE has
succeeded his Lordship, who it was expected would resign
the Lieutenant-Colonelcy of the corps on his return from
the lonian Islands in the summer of 1830, when the ac-
cession of his MAJESTY occasioned Lord FREDERICK to fix
his residence at home.

We are happy to learn that the Duke of S ux-
sEz has received an invitation from his MAJESTY to pay
him a visit of several days at Windsor. The cause of the
coolness between the Royal Brothers is sufficiently known
to the public, and contributed not a little to the distrust of
his MAJESTY'S intentions with regard to Reform; which,
however, events have proved to be groundless. His
Royal Highness justly poshessea the confidence of the
people of England ; and it must be gratifying to them to
see his MAJESTY once more surrounded by determined
friends of the Constitution.-721/orniny Chronic/e.
The harvest in the district leading from Lin-
coln to the Humber, through Brigg, &c.is very forward—a
great part of the white corn will be carried in a few days.
The crops of barley are very fine.—Boston Gazette.
We may report the harvest in this county as
all but concluded, far although in some few places corn is
to be seen abroad, the great bulk of the produce is now
safely secured in the barns and rick yards of the growers.
There is but one unvarying account from a!1 parts of the
kingdom of the abundant crops of grain of every descrip-
tion, with which it has pleased the Almighty "giver of all
goad gifts" this year to bless the Worcester Herald.

CELEBRATION OF THE REFORM BILL

AT BIRMINGHAM.

The Birmingham Journal gives an account of the
celebration of the Reform Bill on Monday week.
At an early hour in the morning thousands of persons
were assembled at the top of Broad-street in that town,
when a grand procession of tha united trades took place.
In all parts of the town flags were suspended from the
windows, and on many of the banners were inscribed the
names of Lord Grey and Thomas Attwood, Esq. When
the procession had paraded the principal streets, it halted
in New-street. and Mr. Attwood and Dr. Wade appeared
at an upper window.
Mr. ATTWOOD having manifested an intention of ad-
dressing the crowd, there was immediate silence, and con-
s derable attention was paid to him. He entered into
some lengthened observations upon the subject of the Re-
form Bill, in the course of which he remarked that the
gloomy anticipations which had formerly prevailed were
in a great degree dissipated by the passing of that measure.
The Bill, he said, was not complete. It did not give
the people the full amount of their just constitutional rights,
nor did it secure the full measure of the liberty which
it promised to them. The difficulties, however,
with which it was invested, would, be hoped,
be removed at the commencement of the Reformed
Parliament. Mr. Attwood then expressed a hope that the
great question of triennial Parliaments and vote by bal-
lot, which, he said, Ministers themselves had left open
for future settlement, would shortly be arranged in a
manner satisfactory to the people. He would, he added,
give the Bill a fair trial ; but if it did not produce the
fruit of general prosperity and contentment in a very
short period, it would not satisfy him. In that case he
should be prepared to recommend measures at a proper
time, which would quietly ensure the peaceful and legal
obtainment of universal suffrage, and at the same time
have the effect either of restoring the general prosperity,
or bringing the oppressors of the people to sleep in the
same bed with their victims. At the conclusion of his
speech, which was much applauded, Mr. Attwood called
for three groans for the " Infernal German Political
Union," and his invitation was obeyed with the most
hearty good will and effect.
Dr. WADE, in his address, attributed much of the mi.
sery of the country to the corn and money laws, and ad-
vocated short Parliaments and vote by ballot.
One of the working classes next addressed the assembly,
and exhorted his fellow-countrymen to continue united, as
they would then soon be prosperous.
The trades then marched off to the different houses
where they were to dine, their bands playing lively tunes.

Earl GREY'S present visit to his seat, in
Northumberland, is the first which he has been able to
make since he assumed the Premiership. '
An address to Earl GREY, from the inhabi-
tants of Alnwick and the vicinity, is in the course of sig-
nature. It is to be presented to the Noble Earl on his
arrival.—Durham Advertiser.

The word Godelurean (coxcomb or dandy)
was constantly used by NAPOLEON to designate men who
displeased him.

The celebrated singer, Mademoiselle SONTAG,
married to Giunt Rossi, is going to re-appear on the
stage. LEONTINE FAY is, it iS said, about to be married
to VOLNy._Cabinet de Lecture.

Lady D— being asked what she thought
of King LEoroup's marriage by the three rites, Civic,
Catholic, and Lutheran? replied—" She did not know,
unless it was to show he had every right to be married."
—Sunday Paper.
IRELAND'S LAST BULL.—We find the fol-
Lowing startling piece of intelligence, under the usual
head " Births," in the Dublin Freeman's Journal of
Monday :—" On the 16th instant, Viscount ENcomnE, of
a still-born son."

The editor of the Cabinet de Lecture trans-
lates the phrase " Tell it not in Guth"—" N'en faites pas
des gorges ebaudes;"—and adds, in a note, " this word
Guth is without doubt one of those new ones created by
the fashionable world—a thing of every day occurrence in
England."
SIR WALTER SCOTT.—We lament to state
that all hope of our illustrious countryman's recovery is
now abandoned. He continues in a very feeble state of
body, and is now, we are grieved to understand, unable to
recognize his attendants. " The lamp of life," to use the
words of a correspondent, " is fast expiring in its own
ashes."

The family of Mrs. MAUGHAN, of Norfolk-
street, have lately been plunged into the deepest affliction,
by the death of several of its members resident in London
from cholera. Her son, Captain JosErn MaucHAN, was
the first victim ; after him his wife's mother, his sister,
and a young lady who attended her, successively fell vic-
tims to the disorder.—East Anglian.

The Canadians have a singular method of
applying oars to their canoes, by fixing an arm on each
side, with a pi❑ through the end, to act as a fulcrum to
the oar ; so rigged, a single rower can send a canoe very
rapidly forward.—M Taggares Three Years in Canada.
One year, about 40 years since, the following
casualty appeared in the bills of mortality :—" Killed by a
cow, 1." Next year (for the printers keep the heads
standing) there appeared—" Killed by a cow, 0." This
raised a laugh, and the head was discontinued, or, perhaps,
it might have been still standing.
The vessel employed at the Bell Rock as a
floating light, in 1807-11, when removed, was found to
have her bottom covered with muscles three inches and a
half in length, and upwards of one inch in breadth,
though she had bee❑ afloat only three years and seven
months. Previous to being moored she was completely
caulked and pitched.

Sir WALTER STIRLING died on Sunday, at
his apartments in the Albany, at the age of 74. He was
formerly the chief partner in the eminent banking firm of
HODSOLL and STIRLING, in the Strand, and a member of

the Royal Society and other learned institutions. He wits
created a Baronet under Mr. PITT'S Administration in

1800, and by his marriage with Susalotatt, sole daugh-
ter and heiress of GEORGE TRENCHARD GOODENOUGH,
Esq., has left issue by her WALTER GEORGE, the present
Baronet, and three daughters.

Extract from a letter from New York, dated
July 24 :—" You will be rendering a service to poor emi-
grants about to come out here by stating in some of the
public papers that it is entirely hopeless. New York is de-
serted, the cholera rages, and all business at a stand. The
workmen who came out by us are many about to return ;
others are glad to get work at any price and of any kind;
indeed it is a hopeless speculation for any tradesman or
workman to think of this country at this moment.
PALEY.—This great man, whose mind was so
remarkably expert, was particularly clumsy in body. " I
was never a good horseman," he used to say of himself,
" and when I followed my father on a pony of my own,
on my first journey to Cambridge, I fell off seven times ;
I was lighter then than I am now, and my falls were not
likely to be serious. My father, on hearing a thump,
would turn his head half aside, and say, " Take care of thy
money, lad."—llleadley's Memoirs of Dr. Paley.
PULSATION.—The pulse in the time of
IhreocaaTcs was, probably, not mere than sixty beats in
a minute ; from which, probably, originates our smallest
division of time, denominated the moment, or second,
which divides the day into 86,400 parts. As the human
species refine, probably, the pulse quickens; and so com-
pletely are we machines, that like a clock, the faster we
go, the sooner we are down.—London Medical and Sur-
gical Journal.
We have received Bengal Papers to the 30th
of March. The following is an extract from a Paper of
the 27th :—" Sir Wmaror Iloarosz is laudably engaged
in measures preparatory to the abolition of slavery in
Ceylon. The substance of the address which he delivered
to the Kandian Chiefs on the subject, was, that he was
desirous of making them fully acquainted how much the
question of the abolition of slavery engaged the public
attention in England, and trusted they would give it a full
and mature consideration.' " These Papers mention an
cimenpsooti..stahtiipt
ofa the Pressndunlookeda-t Madrasfoevent., the suppression of the
The Sovereign for whose amusement the
game of chess was invented, offered to the inventor, with
true Oriental magnificence, such reward as be himself
should choose. The inventor, with apparent moderation,
requested only one grain of wheat for the first square
of the chess-board, two for the second, four for the third,
eight for the fourth, and so on, through the sixty-four
squares. The total is of an amount as much beyond ima-
gination as it was beyond the productiveness of the
territory of the incautiously promising Sovereign :-
27,252,011,216,839,361,615 grains.
On the Ist instant, a barrow was opened at
Mackleford, by Captain SABINE. It was a large tumu-
lus, about 50 yards in circumference, composed entirely
of rubble flints, to the height of about five feet above the
level of the ground, and covered with a thin coat of earth.
In the centre of the barrow some human bones were
found, which are supposed to be part of a skeleton which
had been discovered in an erect posture, with its arms ex-
tended, by Captain SA furies grandfather, about 80 or 100
years ago, Whto immediately ordered it to be again covered

in. On a level with the ground, and under the centre or
the barrow, a large stone appeared of a triangular form,
convex on the top, and nearly five feet from angle to angle.
It was of so hard a nature, that the tools made no itn-
precsion on it. On removing this stop-, which was with
difficulty effected by six horses, it was found to be flat at
the bottom, and about 21, feet thick in the middle, decreas-
ing to about one foot at the sides. It was supposed to
weigh 2i tons at least. Underneath was a quantity of
rubble chalk, in which, at a farther depth of about six
feet, were the bones of a human being, and with them the
head of a spear, with three rivets, and also a pin, about
six inches long, with a double head. About a foot under-
neath, the chalk was no longer rubble, hut evidently the
native bed.—Sherborne Mercury.
CHOLERA MORBUS.--Central Board of
Health, Council-office, Whitehall, August 28.—The fol-
lowing are the totals of the report from the country this
day :—Remaining at last report, 1,977 ; new cases, 518 ;
deaths, 219 ; recoveries, 330 ; remaining, 1,946.

A body which weighs one pound at the equator
of the earth would, if removed to the equator of Jupiter,
weigh 2,716 pounds ; but this must be diminished a
n'nth part on account of the centrifugal force due to each
planet.— Time's Telescope.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.—It has been
matter of reproach, in many enfranchised borough towns,
chit the electors have shown much indifference about qua-
lifying themselves under the regulations The electors of
Marlow have distinguished themselves by the alacrity and
wirit they have displayed in getting registered. Out of
nearly four hundred electors, three hundred and fifty are
duly registered, having paid all poor-rates due to the day
of registration.—Bath Gazette.
TEN RULES TO BE OBSERVED IN PRACTI-
CAL LIFE —The following rules were given by the late
Mr. JEFERSON, in a letter of advice to }IN namesake,
THOMAS JEFFERSON SMITH, in 1825 :

I. Never put off till to-morrow what you can do to-day.
2. Never trouble others for what you can do yourself.
3. Never spend your money before you have it.
4. Never buy what you do not want because it is cheap.
5. Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst, and cold.
6. We never repent of having eaten too little.
7. Nothing is troublesome that we do willingly.
8. How much pains have those evils cost us which never hap-
pened ?
9. Take things always by their smooth handle.
10. When angry, count ten before you speak,—if very angry, a
hundred.—Penny Magazine.

MANCHESTER BURIALS.—It appears by a
Parliamentary Paper that the number of burials in the
town of Manchester, in each year, from 1821 to 1830 in-
clusive, specifying the dissenters, was as follows :-
1821. 1822. 1823. 1624.11825. 1826.1827. 1828.11829. 1830.
Dissen-
ters... 1,726 2,044 3,210 3,2191,3,539 3,80413,5 4,106 3,719 4,383
Total... 3,287.3,329 4,765(4,64714,927 5,452 4,839 5,72115,198 5,973
The above number of burials returned under the Popula-
tion Act of 1830, arc those entered in the register of the
parish church of Manchester, and of the various chapels
of the Established Church in the townships of Manches-
ter and Salford. Many of the interments of dissenters
take place in an adjacent township of the extensive parish
of Manchester.

LADY BARRYMORE.—This poor creature,
who has obtained an unenviable notoriety, now lies dan-
gerously ill in the infirmary of Tothill-fields Bridewell.
Strange to say, she was seized with cholera, from which
she recovered, but was immediately afterwards attacked
with a liver complaint, of which, from the shattered state
of her constitution, she is not likely to recover.

PICTURES.—The sale of the splendid gal-
lery of the late M. ERA RD, at Paris, is finished, and though
the aggregate produce has not been equal to its estimated
value, some of the pictures have gone at very high prices.
The " Nativity," by ADRIAN OSTADE, sold for 11,950 fr.
A " Landscape," by CLAUDE, with the subject of ENEAS
Carthage, for 16,901 fr. The " Education of Bacchus,"
by POUSSIN, 17,000 fr. TENIERS' " Prodigal Son,"
17,000 fr. The Portrait of" GERARD Dow," by him-
self, 19,250 fr. " A Scene on the Zuderzee," by Van de
VELDE, 20,000 fr. " A Sunsat," by CLAUDE, 24,800 fr.,
and " A Nightfall," by VANDra NEER, 25,900 fr. The
" Portrait of Van TROMP," by REMBRANDT, though one
of the lots most coveted, was purchased for 17,100 fr., and
will, it is said, go to Holland. " The Departure from the
Inn," by WOUVER3IANNS, produced 10,220 fr. " A
Landscape," by Moucumtox, was knocked down at
6,500 fr., and " The Assumption," by Mun.ILLo, at
10,000 fr. " The Nativity," by PERRUQINO, which
cost M. ERA RD 20,0001 r., went at only 2,0001 r. The
principal purchasers were private individuals, and many of
them from England. The French Government bought
but a very few lots. The gross amount of the sale was
765,000 fr., but we have been informed that a great many
lots were bought in.

A WHITE THRUSH.-Mr. J. BLUETT, of
this town, has a perfectly white thrush in his possession,
taken a few months ago out of a nest wherein were several
other young ones, but all of which besides were of the na-
tural plumage. The same gentleman has succeeded in
domesticating a pair of shovellers, a species of wild duck,
rather smaller than the ordinary bird of that description,
weighing about 22 ounces, and measuring 21 inches in
length. The bill is black, three inches long, very broad
or spread out, and rounded like a spoon at the end, with
the nail hooked inward and small. This species, says
Bzwicr, is of so wild, shy and solitary a disposition, that
all attempts hitherto made to domesticate them have failed.
—Taunton Courier.

ITS AN ILL WIND THAT BLOWS NOBODY
GooD.—A tall raw-boned son of the green island was
pursued by those harmless doves yclept beadles. PAT was
aware of their approach to his mansion, and, having put
on a red night-cap, remained undaunted at their appear-
ance. On being told he must accompany them to gaol,
" Ifoul back," said he, " as you value your precious exist-
ence. I'm an Azetic cholera patient, and if you retreat
one step ne irer me, as I live I'll blow my pestilential
breath on ye's." A word is enough to the wise—the
beadles politely postponed their call.—Ayr Advertiser.

ACCIDENT.—A serious accident yesterday
morning occurred to a porter belonging to Covent Garden
Market. He had been employed to carry a sack of beans,
and whilst he had them on his head, in consequence of the
wet and slippery pavement, he fell under his load. On
being taken to Middlesex Hospital, it was discovered that
he had so severely injured the spine, that little hope is en.
tertained of his recovery.

Yesterday morning, between eight and nine
o'clock, the inhabitants of Red Lion-street, Whitechapel,
were much alarmed and shocked, in consequence of a boy,
scarcely 15 years of age, the son of respectable parents,
jumping out of a third story window into the street. The
young urchin committed this act in consequence of his
mother having found fault with him His leg and arm
were broken and his skull fractured, and he was taken to
the London Hospital in a state of insensibility. The boy
had often threatened to destroy himself, if his mother
did not allow him to do as he pleased.

Yesterday morning, between eight and nine
o'clock, Colonel %Iranians, of Bryanston-street, Bryan-
ston-square, was riding along Gloucester-place, when his
horse suddenly became restive, and commenced kicking
and plunging in a furious manner, and afterwards started
off at full gallop. Colonel WITHERS gave the animal a
violent check by drawing the reins tight with all his
strength, which caused the animal to stumble and fall with
such tremendous force, that the Colonel was throws off to
the distance of between three and four yards, and the aide
of his head came with violence to the ground ; he, how-
ever, appeared to have felt very little effect from it at the
moment, and after a short time was enabled to walk to his
own residence. While standing to recover himself on the
steps of the door, he seemed to be suddenly seized with a
fainting fit, and before his servant could catch kold of him,
fell backwards down the steps, and again struck his head
with great force on the pavement. He was directly car-
ried in doors, bleeding profusely from the mouth and ears,
and, on requisite assistance being obtained, he was found
to be labouring under the effect of having ruptured a
blood vessel on the brain, and, we regret to state, that he
was not expected to survive but a very short time.
THE MYSTERIOUS DEATH IN HYDE
PARK.-Yesterday a gentleman named JONES, residing at
Clarendon House, Kensington, came forward and identi-
fied the body of the young woman who was found on Sa-
turday in the Serpentine, as that of his niece. It appears
that she was born in the West Indies, and was the daugh
ter of Mr. Human, a wealthy planter, who some time
ago returned to England with his family, and settled at
Bath, where he now lives in great styli!. The deceased
was a single woman, and about thirty years of age. A
few years ago (in consequence of her father having a large
family, and having married a second time) she came to
London, and entered into partnership with a dress-maker
in Pall-mall. During the continuance of this partnership
the decesaed having got into difficulties, received a remit-
tance from her father of 150/. Some time ago a disagree-
ment took place with her partner in trade, which was
followed by a dissolution of partnership, and the deceased
then engaged lodgings in the vicinity of Portman-square,
where she continued until Thursday last, on which day
she went out and never returned. The woman ENGLAND
who resided in the neighbourhood and has absconded, is
supposed to be implicated in her death. Several of the
military at Knightsbridge have been que.tioned, but no-
thing has been elicited calculated to throw any light on
her death.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

EGHAM RACES, AUG. S.

The promised visit of their Maj-stu, to the far-famed
',forte of Runnymede took place, contrary to general ex-
p ctation, which inferred that the extremely utifavourahle
state of the weather would necessarily prevent it. Up to
one o'clock there was every app'arance of a fine day ;
itrmediately after the clouds gathered, and the rein
descended in torrents. In the midst of this storm the
Royal Party were on the road to the Course. Their ar-
rival took place about 20 minutes after I o'clock, and
was greeted with loud cheers. The cortege, consisting
of four carriages and four, was met at Long Mead by Mr.
Building., and conducted up the Straight Mile to the
Royal Stand. In the first carriage were the King anti
Queen, the Duke of Sussex, and the Princess Au-
gusta ; in the others were his Royal Highness the Duke of
Gloucester, Prince George of Cambridge, and his tutor,
the R-v. Mr. Wood, Earl and Countess of Errol, Duke of
Richmond, Earl of Albemarle, Lady Westmeath, Lady
Taylor and daughter, Sir Frederick Watson, S r A. Bar..
nard, &c. The Royal Party was joined, after the first
race, by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland,
who was attended by Colonel Quentin. The preparations
made for the reception of their Majesties were unusually
rxtensive. In addition to the temporary stand er.eted
for enabling their Majesties to view the racing, the splendid
tents captured from the celebrated Tippoo Sultan were
brought from Woolwich, and pitched behind the stand for
their accommodation during the intervals, for refresh-
ment, &c. &c. These tents, which have not been used
for 25 years, were exceedingly admired, and fully answered
all the purposes intended. The arrangements were highly
creditable to Mr. Boulding for their taste and liberality.
The unpropitious state of the weather had a prejudicial
trect in more respects than one. The ground was very
heavy, and the attendance, although highly respectable,
was much less numerous than might have bee❑ expected
under the circumstances. It is supposed that the assem-
blage this day (Wednesday) and to-morrow, will be large,
their Majesties having signified their intention to be pre-
sent both days.
_ _ _

A little before five o'clock their Majesties left the
ground, having previously expressed themselves highly
gratified with the sport, and the attention paid them.
The following is a list of the racing :
The Gold Cup, value 100 sovv. (in specie), by subscrip-
tions of 10 sovs. each, the winner to be sold for 600
euvs. &c. Two miles. 12 subs.
Colonel Salwey na. Maxeppa, 5 yrs
Mr. Henry's Margaret, 3 yrs. (rec. lo sove.!
Two to lon Mszeppa. It would be a mockery to call
this a race. No weight could have brought the two
horses together ; Maseppa was in high force, and the mare
could scarcely raise a gallop, and to add to her difficulty,
the ground was remarkably deep. Mazeppa had it all his
own way, and won by at least 100 yards; rode by Pavia ;
the loser by E. Edwards.

Sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, h. ft. for two yrs. old colts

and fillies. Half wile. Four subs.

Mr. Gardner's/ b. f. Cinderella, by Whalebone ... 1

Mr Ley's Partiality
2tol on Cinderella. A very curious race—the two
were close together till about ten yards from the Chair,
when Partiality was to all appearance winning easy ; the
brute then stopt short as if shot, Cinderella being thereby
enabled to poke her head in front, in the very last stride,
and win, much to the surprise of all who had ❑oticed the
running. The winner was jockeyed by Roil, the loser
by Wright.

Produce Sweepstakes of 30 'ova. each, b. fr. F.Y.C.

Sir G. Heatlicote'a c. by Blacklock, walked over.
