DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE-MONEY.

To the Officers and Crew of His Majesty's Sloop Robust,
for the Capture of the American Ship leti&rsou the 2. jd. of
August, 1795, on Saturday next, or every Wednesday and
Saturday afterwards, at Mr. M. March's Office, COsport..
To the Officers and' Company of His Majesty's'Ships
Vanguard and Tartar, for the Capture of tite.litiqugsne, the
25th July, 1303, ilt compaily ;with Fits Majesty's Ship Bel.
lerophon, on Saturday next ; •or every M6m.14 and Thursday
afterwards, at No. 'l3,

To the Officers andi Company of His Majesty's Ships Bel.,
lerophon and Elephant, for the same Capture, On board the
former Ship at Plymouth, and,t he latter at North Yarmouth;
on Saturday next ; -or afterwards at No. Ir, Cecil-street.
To the Officers and Company of His Majesty's sloop Fa-
vourite, for the Capture Of the. Shepherdess-, the zist fuly,
1804, by a Squadron of His Majesty's Ships oft' Havre, at
Messrs. A tkins',•Walbrook, to-morrow sennight ; or every.
Thursday and'Saturday afterwards, between eleven and thret%
To the Officers and Company of the East India Company's
,Ship Earl'of Wycombe, for the Capture of the Dutch India-
man off St. Helena, the.l4th June, 1.795, on Saturday se'n-.
night, between ten and twelve ; or, afterwards, the4irst Sa-
turday in every month, at Mr. .;/oolitlore's Counting-house,
.Ridney-stairs, Liniebouse.

DUBLIN, FEB. 22.—Lord REDESDALE yesterday
intimated in the Court of chancery, that he would.
bencetorth.only hear such causes as 'have beenin
part discussed before him, and such motions as'were.
of a peremptory nature, as his continuance in office
could not be of long duration.
A very numerous• Audience attended the repre-
sentation of Macbeth last night at Covent-garden
Theatre. KEMBLE is by no means sufficiently recO-,
vered to do justice to his conceptions •in the 'part of
Macbeth : he evidently reserved himself for- the-con-
cluding scenes; in which he displayed great spirit ;
but the exertion was rather too much for the present
state of his health. Mrs. StnnoNs gave the fuli
force of her talents to the daring and subtle heroine
of the Piece;

Master BETTY performed • Dozigla last nii2;lll- :it
Drury-lane Theatre. Mrs. POWELL was too much
indisposed to perform Lady Raildolpf!, and. an. apo-
logY was made for Mrs. ANsELL's appearance in that
charmer. •

A new Opera was to be represented in the Dublin
Theatre.on Saturday last under the title of The Five
Lovers. If these Five . Lovers should have but' one
Mistress, it is natural to. suppose that they must, be
at sixes and sevens.

Yesterday the price of Bread was ordered to tbe
reduced half an Assize, which wilt reduce the ,price
of the Quartern Loaf to Eleven-pence' Three
Farthings.

On Saturday se'nnight as a young gentlethan, son
of Alt• Piper, of Hai.ykhurst, was incautiously running
along the Banks of the River Medway at Tunbridge,
'which had been rendered very slippery by recent
rains, he suddenly lost his footing, and was instantly
precipitated into very deep water. When the-body-
was found, which unfortunately was not till about
forty minutes after, it was immediately conveyed to
the nearest inn, where the means of recovery re-
commended by the Humane Society were resorted
to, and perseVered in for a long time., but unfortu-
uately without sqcc#ss...

• I
NEMYORK, SAN. 25.

211,L FOR•THE P.CiTI7.CTIO/;1" AND -INDFMNiPICAZ

TION OF AMERICAN SEAI`IEN.

" Whereas by the Treaty of Aniity, Comtherce;
.rind Navigation, made between His Britannic
Majesty and the United States; at London, on the
19th day of ,November, 1794, by the first Article
of said Treaty, it is agreed, "flat there shall be
a arn, inviolable, and universal Pea*ce, 'and d true
and sincere friendship betweep His Britannic Ma-
jesty, his Heirs and; Successors, arid the United
States of Amerida ; and between their respeCtive
Countries., Territories, Cities, Towns, and 'People
of every degree; without ses.ceptiOn df persons and
places: And whereas, in .direr violation of said
Treaty, His Britannic Majesty has caused to be
impressed, nut of the . Ships of the United State
sailing on the high seas, divers Citizens' Of said
United States, and has compelled them to serve on
board the,Ships of War of +Es said Britannic Ma.;
jesty, in violation of_ their liberty, and at the hazard
of their lives ; and in despite of the remonstrances
of the Government of the United States, continued
saidulijust pra6tices 'and the Seamen of tlie
ed. States so_impressed by force; retains in his ser:
vice ; and whereas the United. SLites -ore solemnly
bound to prote& all thtise-who are bdund in alle-
giance to said United States ; therefore
...f.E.,13e it enaCied, by the Senate and House of Re-
Pre's;elitatives of the United' .St:ates Of' :izcfica its
Congress assembled, that. troda-ill after the

day of pelt, any person 'or persons who shall
impress any Seamen on board any Vessel bearing
the Flag of the United States, upon the high seas, or
in any river, haven, basin, or bay, under pretence
or colour of a commission from any Foreign Power,
shall for every such offence be adjudged a pirate
and a fblon, and, 'on cotiVidiOn, Buffer death. • And
the trial in any such case may be had where the
offender is apprehended; or may be first brought.
Sec. 3. And te it farther enaaed, That on in-
formation being given to the President of the United
States, proving satisfactorily to him that any. Citizen
of the United States, who shall have been impress-
ed, or forced, by violation or threats, to enter on
board any Foreign Vessel, shall suffer death, or any
other corporal punishment, by the authority of such
Foreign Power ; it shall be lawful for the President
of the :United States to .arise the most rigorous and
exa6t retaliation on any Subjea of that Governthent,
NyhoM he is hereby authorized to seize and take for
that purpose. •
• Sec. 4. " And be it farth6. enaaed, That every:
American seaman' heretotbre or hereafter impress
ed, -and -compelled to 'serve on board any-foreign
ship or vessel, shall be entitled
,to receive .as an.
indemnification fur his. slavery and. hatdships. ou,
board the ship in which he-has been or shall be
compelled to serve, from the day of his imprison-
ment; the .sum of sixty dollars per month, fur
every month he has or shall serve oil board said
ship or ships ; and that the said seaman, his heirs,
executors, administtitors, or assigns, shall been-,
title& to recover' the'same its. the Distria Court of
the State: in 'which the port -lies. fronr.which •the
Vessel cleared' for the:Voyage, in which he was:
any taken, by attachment of private debt due' from.,
any Citizen -of the United
.States. to. any subjeAl of
that Government by whose.subjeas. he had been
impressed ; and that any sums of money. so attached
out of• the hands of any debtor 'shall be a pay-
ment of so much of said-debt, and may be pleaded
in payment, or discount, to. the 'amount of the said
sum so attached,, -an, all the costs-of the aid,ate,
tachment; which shall be allowed as a payment of
that amount, in any suit for said debt. And that
so much Of-the Treaty of London, of 19th of No-
vember,-1794, as secures the inviolability of such-
debts as Will be infringed by the attachments or re
coveries heieby authorised, shall not (so far as is
necessary in the execution of this A& only) be re-
guarded as legally obligatory on the Goerninent, or
Citizens, of tie United States..
• Sec: g. " And be it fitrther enaacd, That it shall'
be lawful for any American seaman; sailing under
the Fhg of the United States, on any persen' or per-
sons attempting to- impress him by force from one
board any vessel of the United States, upon ihe
high seas, .dr ia, any river, basin, or bay, to repel ,
such force by shooting or otherwise killing and de-
stroying the person or persons so attempting to ins-'
Press him, and shall, as an encouragement to resist,
be entitled to a bounty of two Hundred dollars, tp
be paid to bins or his order, or legal representa-
tives,-out.of any, money in the Treasury not other.
wise appropriated."

• Capt. PIELL, of the Vinegai7d, from NeOi.M 4 pat,
informs, that the English had, fifteen Sail of the
Line, beside•Yriates, in the Indian Seas, who were
upon the look-out for tile FrenCh Squadron. The
Isle of France *was cldsely blockaded by an Engliih
Squadron.

CANTEI?..7.3 UR Y, FEI3. 25.

The debarkation of the Troops 'at Ramsgate -hag:
beeit continued Without intermission, and the Regi-
ments have been successively marched off to their
respetive stations, some by the line of the coast,
others through this City, Of these, the stith, and a
Detachment of the Bth Regiment arrived on Fri
day, the former pursued its route on Saturday for
Bexhill;and the latter yesterday for Hastings.—
The Regiment came la on Sunday; and yester--
day morning. moved on to . Ospriuge Barracks ;' the
91st and a Detachment of the 2,6 th Regiment passed
through also
.yesterday, witho& halting, for Fa -
versham Barracks. The first division pf the 9th ille-
girn marched yesterday into the Barracks in North=
gate, where They will this day be -joined 'by the
remainder of the Regiment, and are to remain till
farther orders. The detachment of the soth, which
has lately been stationed in Canterbury, march from
thence this day to join the other dklision of the Re 4
friment at Ramsgate.

There has been a 'novelty throughout the whole of
the preSent Lottery; in' all former, as the Lottery
advaneed-,- the price rose, and in exchanging, the
Holders of small Prizes were obliged to give tour or
-five shillings and their Prize for an undrawn
teenth. In the present, Ti seems a:person can ex-
change his Half for a Whole Ticket, •or his Six.,
teenth for an Eighth, by which - means he may
even twiny get double the Prize he originally ex-
peacd,

Fro-In the LONDON GAZETTE; Feb. 25, 1806.

Iflite/mill, Feb. 25, 1806.

The King has'heen pleased to grant the Dignity
of ~'Baronet of the United Kingdom of Great Bri,-
tain au Ireland to the following Gentlemen, an,:
the respeJive Heirs. Male of their Bodies lawfully

be ,') k : ,
Charles Hastings, ofWillesley-Hall, in the County
of Leice;ter, Esq. Lieutenani-General of His Majes-
Vorces.
BvSshe Shelley, of Castle Goring, in the County
of st,,,ex, Esq.
Montague Cholmeley, of Easton, in the County
of Lincoln, Esq.
Thomas Sutton, of Molesey, in the. County of
'Surrey, Esq. '

- _
St. James's, February 12, 1806.
The King was this day..pleased to confer the ,Ho-
nour. of -Knighthood on Arthur Piggott; Esq. His
,Majesty's Attorney-General.
His Majesty was also pleased to confer the Honour
of Knighthood on Samuel Romilly, Esq. His Ma-
..
iesty's Solicitor• General.
•

Crown-Officer, Feb. 25, IS 6.

MEMBERS RI.TURNBD TO SERVE IN TIIIS PRESENT

PARLIAMENT.

COUNTY OF SUFFOLK.
Thomas Sherlcck Go ich, Esq. of Holhecke, in the room
of Charlei Cornwallis, Esq. commonly called Lord Vis-
- count !ironic (now Marquis of Cornwallis), .called up to
the lluuse of )'errs.

BOROUGH 07 STEyNING.
Ihe RI ,ht nts • Augustus Bennett, commonly
ti.

Called Lord Ossuiston.
Sir ArtflUr Viggo►t, Knr. His 'Majesty's Attorney-General; is
the room Of I.iines Martin Lloyd, Esq. who since his Elec-
tion for the said Borough ha►h accepted the Oilice of Stew-
ard ur 13ailitrof ills-Majest3's Three Chiltern Hundreds of
Stoke, Desborough, aid Bunenhain, in the County of
UuLlcingliatn.

°RAUCH OF WAREHAM.
john Calcratt, of Rernlistone-tiall, ut tne Isle of r urb:;:k,
in the County of Durbet„ Esq.

BOROUGH OF PORTMOUTII.
The Hon. David
,MJlltaAtt Lrskrue,-Barrister at Law, in the
room of the l-ton. Thomas :1-slcine, who sines his Eledion
for the sail Borough 'lath accepted the Office of Lord High
Chancellor of Great Britain.
john Markham, Esq. Rear-Admiral of the White Squadron
of I iis Majesty's Fleet. '
COUNTY OF SURREY.
The Right Hon. William Russell, 'commonly called Lord
William Russell.

.QUEENZ'S COUNTY•
Henry Yarnell, of Rati'league, Esq. in the room of Sir Eyre
Coote, who since his Election tor the said County bath
Sccepted the Otlice of Lieutenant-Governor or.H►s Majes-
ty's Island of !amok:a.

COUNTY or NORTHUMDERLAND.
The Right'Hon. Charles Grey.

I3RECON CIRCUIT.
