SECOND E DITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

WEST INDIA TRADE.

MEETING.-( I'HIS DAY.)

(Coritinued from our Third Page.)
Mr. N. Govin, Chairman of the North American
Colonial Association, in seconding the resolution, addressed
the meeting as follows:—Sir, the resolution just pro-
posed by the intelligent Gentleman, the indefatigable
Member of the House has bseen well placed in his hands,
extendedly connected and well acquainted as he was with the
value of our colonial and inter-colonial trade in a nationa;
point of view, as giving scope for the mainten ince and in-
crease of the: great national interests, whether shipping,
commercial, or manufacturing—as, in fact, •affording use
for British capital, and employment for British industry.
Similarly connected with other British colonies myself, it
may not be thought presumptuous in me rising to second
this resolution. I trust I shall not abuse the time of this
meeting in the few observations I may offer, indeed the
worthy mover has left little to say ; but I cannot help
thinking that the value of the colonial trade, as given in
the second resolution, and of the inter-colonial trade in
the present resolution, are taken at far too low an esti-
mate; and I would add, that this; country has had it in
its power to increase to an incalculable extent
this valuable branch of industry and commerce.
I allude to those facilities which are now afforded, and still
increasing, in the Welland and Redcar canals, and internal
communications of British America, by which Quebec,
Montreal, and Halifax might, and, in my opinion, ought
to have been made the beet and cheapest markets for that
produce, whether in bread-stuffs, ur lumber, most required
by the West Indies, and by the consequently reciprocal
trade, in the increased detnand for the sugars and rums of
the 'Nest Indies for the consumption of the North Ame-
rican provinces ; but, Sir, it has been the policy of a cer-
tain set of politicians and economists to say for the West
Indians, to force these sayings before the public, and even
to bear down by the influence of literature that the
Biitish American and the West India colonists were of
necessity enemies. I speak not this inadvertently or unarl-
visedly ; has not and does not the organ of this party, the
Edinburgh Review, established as a political party en-
gine, under the mask of literature, continue, even to its last
another, to foment dissentions among us; stating broadly
that the cennexion (natural as it is) must of necessity be
disadvantageous to the West Indians ? I trust, Sir, that
this meeting will show the author of the paper to which
I allude, that he has failed in his endeavours to sow diseen-
eien a:nrag us, and that, in spite of his dicta, we are, as
coionists, sensible how much we depend mutually on each
other. The old motto of " Divide et impera" has been
too long u•e i against us ; experience has made the most
iccredulous wise, and our true interests are better under-
stood, and the value of inter-colonial intercourse better ap-
preciated. Sir, my recollection has served me to quote
the word+ cf a highly-talented, and still more highly-ele-
vated individual—they are so much in point, that I beg
to read them. No state ought to give up any part of her
dominions, colonial trade is in every respect a home trade.
Every operation of this traffic replaces two capitals, the em-
ployment
and distribution of which puts in motion and
supports the labour of the different members of the same
state. The trade of London or Liverpool with the Baltic
or Mediterranean, replaces indeed two capitals, but ose of
theme orgy is British, the other puts in motion the industry
of foreigners. On the other b end, the trade of Liverpool
with the British West Indies or Northern Colonies replaces
two capital., both of which are British, and supports the
industry of British subjects in the same manner as the trade
between Liverpool and Edinburgh. In like manner, the
profits of a colonial trade are all accumulated in the hands
of the same people, and tend to enrich and aggrandize the
tame nation. The increasing wealth of Russia or Spain
can never benefit Great Britain, unless by the increasing
demand it may occasion for British produce. On the con-
trary, it may and often is turned against her wealth arid
power. There is not, perhaps, so much as 1,000/. per
annum drawn by British subjects in rents from the conti-
.t of Europe, but the rents of colonial proprietors who
five on this side the Atlantic may be computed at millions.
WratOl to God how true The sophistries and cavils
which political sceptics arid innovators have founded,
partly un the misconception of the theory, and partly on a
misstatement of facts, tend directly to a degradation of
the system in the eyes of superficial reasoners, and may
ultimately renew a state of things from which the unas-
sisted
efforts of national heroism would he alto-
gether unable to redeem any one community.—
Sir, is not the last sentence prophetic? and is it not pass-
ing strange that this highly talented, this highly elevated
individual, should be at this time alive to see his fears
about to be realized—nay more Sir, to find himself ob-
noxious to his own anathema? Surely Sir, Government
will take breathing titne—Will halt to consider before they
ro.npromise interests es extensive and so valuable.
Of what I advocate are but a part. But more—to what
extent is it intended ? Hew far will they carry such dic-
tation ? Which of our colonies is secure from such
iiegrading stigma ? Of what use, or to what pur-
pose will they have dignified with a deliberative
legislation, if an order in Council is to supersede
their deliberations, and compel compliance at the risk of
prohibitory duties?—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN then put the Resolution to the meet-
ing, and declared it to he carried unanimously
Mr. JILitEMIAII HARMAN, banker, rose for the pur-
pose of proposing the 4th resolution. In doing so he
stated, that lie stood there as an individual wholly uncon-
neeted and uninterested, but he was bold to assert that
there was nut a man in the kingdom who Wits more sensibl.•
t a r himself of the alarming state in which the colonies were
laced, and he bad no reserve in giving it as his opinion,
it ,vas a humble, but nut a hasty iortned one, that if the
'rune system should continue to be pursued, the wort
fears of the greatest alarmist in the present meeting would
be realized.—(Cheers.) He had been invited to the
meting, and though he should have been exceedingly
gird to have been excused, yet he felt it his duty not to
shrink from doing all he could in giving effect to the
obect of the meeting. The Hon. Gentleman concluded

by agaiu rearing the resolution.
GEORGE Far:ozo.icK YocNG, Esq., Deputy-Chairman
of tie Snip-owner,' Society, rose to second the resolution.
In doing so, he trusted he should not he deemed intrusive
or irrelevant if he ventured to solicit the indulgence of the
meetin2., while he adverted shortly to that great
gut stion which connected itself with this important
sut•ject, namely, Negro Slavery. He solicited
that indulgence upon two grounds. First, it
was doe to individual character that parties should have
the oppoi tunity of being tescued from the foul imputa-
tions that had heaped upon them in regard to this ques-
tion.—(Cheers.) That such imputations had been
made it :way not necessary to appeal to the presen.
meeting to prove, and that they were unfounded no
man could doubt. He held in his hand a document
which he considered conclusive on that point. It had
fallen to his lot in the c ruse of the last few days to have
,one communications on the suject of Negro Slavery with
the Hon. Member for Middlesex, (Mr. Hume,) and the do-
cument he held in his band was a letter in reply to an appli-
cation by him for some documents to throw light
on that question, and the remarks made by Mr. Hume
were that he detested negro slavery, and would let no op-
portunity slip to relieve the oppressed.--(Cheers.) The
proceeding of. Ministers was catculated to be the ruin of
the slaves and their masters, as well as thousands of indivi-
daals. Such was the opinion of Mr Hume. It was not, how
ever, merely for the protection of individual character that
he had brought the subject of the slave trade forward, but
for the purpose of eliciting truth upon the subject
He believed that a large proportion of West India pro-
prietors concurred with him in thinking that his Ma-
j- sty's Ministers were proceeding upon an erroneous prin-
ciple, which they altogether decried. He con,idered it a most
unjust and improper interference on the part of Government.
that their plans affected the private rights of parties, and
were fraught with danew• to the stability of all property
throughout the 13,itish dominions. On the other hand,
however, lie must admit that he had seen an indis-
wai t on to go hand in hand with his Majesty'.
Government even in that portion of their measures,
which he firmly believed had they been calmly
considered, would have been acceded to by those very
parties who now opposed them. The present was a time
—the great interests of the country being involved, when
parties ought to take their stand and in hold language
deprecated the hostility which existed, and say to the
Government, pause, take a tone of calmness and mode
ration towards the colonies, and demand from them that
only which you can maintain on the painciples of unerring
justice, and also to tell the colonies not to take that high,
stand and opposition to those use.ul regulations which
were necessary, and in fact were the only means
gradually to extirpate slavery. lie thought if such a
course was pursued, it would be productive of the most
happy results. The Hon. Gentleman, after alluding to a
delusion which he and his brother ship-owners had fallen
into, but from which delusion he had emancipated himself,
concluded by seconding the resolution, which, on being
put from the chair, was carried unanimously.
said that the gentlemen who preceded him
bad raised so powerful an argument in favour of the mother-

untry protecting the colonies, that it was not necesssi/
for him to enlarge greatly on that subject. He would oh-
s. c ve, however, that there was abroad an anti-colony spirit,
—an anti-colony spirit, it was to be regretted, in those
who had deeply considered the subject, and who stood in
eatinent stations in society. The trade with the colonies,
a•+ it had been well observed, was a trade totally distinct
'rum the trade with the other parts of the
elope, and was a trade that was perhaps of more im-
portance to this country than the trade with any other
part of the universe. At the same time, whilst things
remained as they were, it was impossible that the trade
ith the sugar colonies could be carried on as cheaply as
the trade with other parts. It was impossible that the
produce of the West Indies could be sent to this country
upon equal terms with the produce of other countries,
and he trusted the day was not far distant when the
c7uelty, oppression, and hardships, almost unheard-of,
which had taken place, could n, ver again possibly take
place; and it was absolutely necessary, to secure this,
that the Mother Country should stretch forth a help-
ing hand to secure the colonies from destruction. With
r• card to the Orders in Council to which allusion bad
been made, it was not necessary for him to expatiate much
on the effect of them The resistance they had met with front
every colony to which they applied, was the beet proof
which could he given of their effect. They went to an
iminedi.ite interference betwixt the slave and his master ;
and all the affection and regard for necessary dominion which
the master ought to have from and over the slave were
entirely taken awry and placed in the hands of another,
All the usual influence which the master ought
to have over the slave, which was an ingredient
of the utmost importance, was entirely taken away by
this extraordinary order. Many representations had been
male, and made by most eminent individuals, against the
issuing of so extraordinary orders ; but still the Council
had persisted in sending them forth. With respect
to the amelioration of the slave constitution, it
was impossible, from the short time which had in-
tervened from the passing of the resolutions in the
in the House of Commons, to suppose that a satisfactory
ameliorating effect could hive taken place. A hasty
amelioration would he productive of the greatest evil. It
was impossible that a rapid and hasty emancipation of the
slaves should not produce consequences the most distres-
sing upon the estates of that country.
Colonel BERESFORD seconded the fifth resolution. He
should not have been able to overcome his reluctance to
address so numerous and respectable a meeting had it not
been for the manner in which he had been called upon io
give his testimony as a man who bad been in the West
Indies to that of the Gentleman who had already Addressed
then:. The negro idea of emancipation was perfect freedom
from work. Emancipation without utter idleness was by
no means what they wanted. Whilst this erroneous notion
prevailed in the minds of the negroes, they were evidently
it: a most unfit state to receive that freedom which,
consulting all proper interest, he, as well as every other
humane man, trust he anxious to grant. He concluded by
expressing his agreement in every word of the resolution.
Resolution put and carried.
Mr. G. HIBBERT (formerly agent for Jamaica)—lt gave
him great pleasure in having to move the sixth Resolution,
ha.viag so long and so zealously, as was known
to many gentlemen present, maintained the opinion ex-
pressed. He had been in constant communication
with different Administrations upon the subject of
the West India interests, even since the earliest time of Mr.

Pitt, and be must declare that not one of the governments
with which he had been in communication, ever expressed a
doubt of the consequence of the West India colonies to this
country, whether as regarded its commerce, its naval and
military strength, or its revenue. Certainly in later
times thine statements had been expressed with less energy
than formerly ; but still Mr. Pitt, Lord Liverpool,
Mr. Canning, and every Minister antecedent to
to the present had admitted the vast importance of these
colonies. It was with astonishment therefore that he saw
the attempt which was now making to subvert a system
of legislation which had been so eminently successful
in developing the resources of the colonies, and in strengthen-
ing the power of this country. If he might venture to
express an opinion concerning the origin of this evil, he
shou'd say that it sprung from those notions respecting
political economy which had of late becoMe so prevalent,
and which seemed to inculcate that we were to seek our
gre 'test benefits in giving away the best thinks we had.—
(Cheers and laughter.) Why were we to do this in order
by possibility to gain something in exchange which might
again by another possibility be equal in value to us. For
this chance it was all the whole interests of the country
had been given up, and new sources of prosperity endea-
voured to be formed. He much feared that that search
would be vain, and that in attempting to seize that which
we had not, we should lose the substantial good we pos-
sessed. In what manner is the West India interests now
threatened ? It is threatened with internal interference
by panics at a distance, utterly ignorant of its condi-
tion. We had a great authority, which had said,
any attempt to take the regulation of the Colonies out of
the hands of those in which they were placed in the legis-
lative assemblies, who, by the bye, were persons who lived
among the black population, and were well acquainted
with all their interests and motives of action, in order to
place it in the hands of any branch of Government
at home, would he to insure the doing of that
ill which at present was done well. This was the senti-
ment of no less a man than the present Lord Chancellor.
(Hear.) Now what was going on lately had very much
the character of that which Lord Brougham stigmatised
in so expressive a manner. He might nut, indeed, use
his words, but he was sure of his meaning. He would not,
•slter the able arguments that had been used in support
of resolutions, which were moderate, and founded in
truth and fact, detain the meeting by attempting to add
mu, h ; but there w.s one tli:trg which, from his expet i-
ence, lie might perhaps be permitted to state. It ap-
peared to him that it had not been sufficiently impressed
upon the meeting hitherto—namely, that the danger was
not sufficiently apparent.—( Hear, hear.) It hung over the
nation, Ind, ed, far more imminently than they
were aware of. A West India estate could not endure
after a certain degree of injury was inflicted upon it. They
were now approaching to the extremity of their means,
and when the time came that these means were totally ex-
hausted—when of necessity the estate should be aban•
Boned, then it was that the trading interests of this coun.
try would feel the immense loss they hail sustained, and
the grievous folly thy had been guilty of. Then
it was that every tradesman would feel—who, al-
, though he did not now receive so much as he had
been accustomed to receive, still got his orders to a
certain extent. But he would tell them that what they
now received was the faintest of the efforts of a dying man ;
and the very tradesmen were in imminent danger
of losing the very /shadow of that mart of
advantage which they had so long enjoyed.
He would apologise for having d.-rained the
meeting so long. He only regretted that his ability had
nut kept pace with his zeal.—(Cneers.) He concluded by
leading the resolution. The Hon. Gentleman then sat
down amidst loud cheers.
Mr. CARRINGTON rose to second the resolution. No
person in the meeting sympathised more than he did with
the sentiments expressed by those cheers towards his Hon.
Friend who had just sat down. That sentiment originated in
A knowledge of the experience and able manner in which that
gentleman had discharged both his public and private
duties.—(Cheers.) It was founded on the convic-
tion that all felt of the able assistance which
the West India body and the Government had
received during a long course of years from the exer-
tions of that gentleman. lie knew that in addressing
the meeting, be should have some difficulty in fixing
Attention upon one particular topic where there were so
many, all bearing upon one object ; but having
been requested to second the resolution, he would perform
that duty as shortly as possible. In looking over the
resolutions he did not meet with one which bore more
immediately on the object for which they were assembled
than the present most important one. The first part of it
said that the conduct of Great Britain towards her West
India colonies has neither been consistent with the prin-
ciple laid down in the Parliamentary Resolutions of 1823,
nor with that spirit of justice and conciliation so necessary
to the attainment of any national object. Now what
was the principal object of their meeting but to endeavour
o find some means of relieving themselves, by sugges-
tions which might be made to them, and to place
their situation 10-fore the public in a clear point of
view, so as to prove that they had just grounds of complaint,
and that they did not intend needlessly nor improperly to
arrest or impede the measures of Government, He,
for one, having a to collection of the spirit for Which
Mr. Canning's resolutions of 1823 were passed,
, had no hesitation in declaring the policy of the
Government for some time past, particularly the
issuing of the Orders in Council, was wholly at va-
riance with the spirit of those resolutions. He knew that
those resolutions were iutetoled to be conciliatory, and
were founded upon a clear understanding, and the avowal
of Mr. Canning, that Government would pot close their
conviction
}at to pa/aeons given in a spirit of fair argument.
great statesman slid it was impossible so to modify
accepted the code of laws as to be immediately by the
colonies. But supposing it were other wise suP
the Orders in Council were as wise as it was possible to
to
make them, how could the Government reconcile the
important fact that not only one Order in Council, tut
more than one; bad been issued purporting to be

a test of Mr. Canning's resolutions, yet declaring
that the former Orders in Council were not wise, and
indeed superseded? The first leading clause of the Order
in Council was to have the effect of breaking down and
destroying the spirit of Mr. Canning's resolutions. He
begged the meeting to recollect that every thing depended
on a proper consideration of those Orders in Council. A
code of laws had been issued to certain ceded colonies,
with a mandatory circular to have them immediately put
into execution. Of those colonies he did not wish to
speak-. He wished only to state what be knew to
be true, that it was declared by the Government
that the Order in Council lest issued was not a conciliatory
hut a coercive measure. He could not help alluding to
the spirit which was to be found in these Order!. Surely
their cause was a just One, particularly if they proved that
the ()refers were not the resolutions of Parlia-
ment or legal enactments, but w holly at varience
with the resolutions of 1523, by which the Par-
liament was bound.—(Cheers.) So opposed were these
Orders to the resolutions of 1823, thee there were SO
(will clauses in them, which, like Abernethy's Blue
Pill, were suited to every constitution.—(Cheers and
laughter.) What was the situation of the West
India colonies at this moment He would say nothing of
those recent c.laniities which had plunged so many indi-
viduals in misery and distress; but he asked in what a
cruel situation nere those Monies which had received
an intimation from Government, when they were
told they should not, on the spirit of Mr. Canning's
resolutions, that they should not give any reason for a
mere compliance of the orders in Council, but that they
should adopt them litereily and immediately. They refused
to hear any reasons against them, asserting that
they knew better what was good for them than
the planters themselves. It was certainly the most
monstreue cruelty that ever was imposed on a
people. That they originated from good motives
they did not deny but it had been the greatest
error that ever was committed, and would be produc
tive of the greatest evil. What he had just stated
he could authenticate by letters that were then: in
his pocket, in which he hid the most positive
assurances that all his resources would be sufficient to
meet the demands of his estates. He felt himself in a
situation which he could not describe. He felt that he
was subject to something, he knew not what, but the
effect of which would he utterly to d.stroy his proper ty, to
dry up all his sources of supply, to annihilate every motive to
industry and almost to quenchevery feeling of humanity.—.
(Cheers.) He therefore implored the meeting to adopt some
suggestions to the Government by winch the evil now
In such rapid progress might be stayed.—(Hear, hear.)
The authorities iu the colonies were told they were
not to deliberate even upon any clause of the Orders,
but instantaneously adopt the whole. When he recol-
lected the consultations he had had with the late
Mr. Carmine upon this subject—when he recollected the
conferences he had had on the subject with the Noble
Lord in the chair, he could not but suppose the Orders of
the Council had issued upon a spirit totally ad-
verse to any former policy of the country. This
being so, the resolution now before the meeting
stood upon strong grounds, and the meeting might go back
with confidence to the Council and ask for a revision of
the Orders which had been issued. If be accurately
understood anything of what had taken place in the co-
lonies, all the proceedings had been in direct opposition to
the Orders.—(Hear, hear.) They had been con-
sidered against all justice, and contrary to the good
policy of this country. It was evident, there-
fore, that the Orders would have to be rescinded or re-
vised, or, at all events, that there would have to
be a Parliamentary inquiry into the subject.—(Cheers.)
Parliamentary Inquiry had been asked for before—this
had occeeioned delay ; and tLe Council had said, that in
consequence of this delay in the promulgation of the orders,
ample opportunities had been afforded for collecting all
necessary information, and in the end the orders were
such as ought forthwith to be circulated and acted
upon. The orders had been issued, and he, for one,
declared, that if those orders were to continue anti
to be acted upon, the property he had in the West
Indies would assuredly he no longer worth holding.
Similarly circumstanced would most of the individuals in
that room be, and then it would be for this country to con-
sider how they were to frame such poor laws as would
support the starving population, both in this country and
the West Indies. He accordingly seconded the resolu-
tion.—Carried unanimously.
Lord SALTOUN, in moving the seventh resolution, said
that it truly described the effects of the clamour which
had been raised against the West Indian interest.
Unfortunately a species of hostility had for some
time existed between the Government and the par-
ties which this meeting represented. The effect
of that had been most disastrous in more respects than
one, for it lead prevented any one from lending them a
shilling on their property, although their produce had not
fallen off in quantity, or prices materially changed. He
imputed no improper design to those who had rased this
clamour, but whether their objects had been political, re-
ligious, or philanthropic, the effect had been such as he
had mentioned. Without, after they hal been detained
so long, going into further detail, he begged to move the
seventh resolution.
Sir Enseuven HYDE EAST seconded the resolution. This
was the most serious question which had been agitated in
this country for a century past.—( Hear, bear.) He came
forward as a West India proprietor to express his
concurrence in this resolution. He thought this
question of too greet import ance to he decided by
clamour, or indeed any thing but the principle of Justice,
equity, and sound national policy. Clamour had, as they all
knew, unfortunately interposed in the decision of this
question. He entirely acquitted the individuals who
originally had brought the subject before the public of
improper motives, but, unfortunately, in the course of
these discussions, they had been induced to set
forth circumstances and opinions which had undoubtedly
raised the clamour of which they now had to complain.
It was not merely of those parties they had to complain,
but of the Government, the Parliament, and the people,
who, yielding up their better judgments, had given way
to this clamour, and acted against them. He
did not wish to take up the time of the meeting,
but there was one point of the utmost importance
which he could not but advert to. It was, what must
be the practical effect of continuing a system which went
to the utter destruction of the:West Indian colonies ?
(Hear. ) Those who had first raised this question,
had urged that the slave trade was in itself a great abomi-
nation, and next, that the slaves were not preperly treated in
the\Vest Indies. In comequence of these assertions, those mea-
sures had been taken which bad brought on the present
crisis. Let them uow consider the consequences of the next
step they took. The West Indian colonies were now
on the verge of destruction—(Hear, hear, hear)--
and nothing but the strong arm of public opinion could
rescue them from it. Tbe next step might plunge them
into the gulf that yawned to receive them. The
effect,of this clamour had been to ward,other countries, and
they had in consequence completely
.stocked themselves
with slaves—indeed, they had overstocked themselves, so
that the effect of the clamour had been directly the reverse
of what its originators contemplated—increasing the mi-
series and horrors of the slave Uncle sixfold, instead of
conducing to the happiness of the African race.
When, therefore, the destruction of the British West
Indian colonies was completed, those foreign colonies
which had been active in this proscribed trade,
would reap all the benefit of our forbearance, and supply
this country with colonial produce. He_ heartily con-
certs.' in this resolution.

The resolution was put and carried unanimously.
The Hon. Mr. LASCELLES rose for the purpose of pro-
posing the Bth resolution. In doing so be considered
that he ought to apologise for having taken upon hiinselt
a duty which BO many gentlemen present were
much noire able to perform. The Resolutions
referred to a declaration made by Lord Goderich, and af-
terwards repeated by Lord Althorp, that any future mea-
sure with respect to the West Indies was to be
based on the prin iples of the order that had been
issued from the Council-office. He could not
hut state to the present meeting a fact which
was notorious to them all, that the West India in-
terest had long laboured under the most severe distress,
and when not only the West Indies, but the whole
of England, had made themselves heard, both
by Ministers and Pat liament—(Hear)—and when
they had forced them to adopt some legislation en the sub-
ect. Government had told them that they would give
them !diet; but that it should ba accompanied by a sort
of intimation. He would not say it was done for the
purpose of throwing obloquy on them, but by a sort
of insinuation against them.—(Cheers.) Instead of adopt-
ing this course, which threw the West India Proprietors
into contusi n and difficulty, he should have thought it
much better policy on the part of Government to have
removed all difficulties they 'night labour under. The
lion. Gentleman concluded by proposing the Bth resolution.
W. R. ELLICE, Esq , seconded the resolution, and
hoped that it wolf(' meet with the same cordial appro-
bation that had hailed the preceding on".
The resolution was put to the meeting by the Chair-
man, and by him declared to be carried unanimously.
Mr. R. Dolmas, M.P. in moving the ninth resolution,
paid that he was well aware that it would ill become
him to trespass at any great length on the attention of the
meeting after the may powerful arguments that had bee"

adduced in favour of the subject for which the meeting bad
been convened. He came here totally unconnected with any
West India interest. He derived no portion of income from
any connexion with that country; but such were his feel-
ings on the present subject, and such was the duty he con-
sidered he owed to his country, that lie could not
refrain from addressing the meeting, on being asked
to propose this resolution. The resolution which
he had to propose for the adoption of the meeting was
the ninth. He felt the absolute necessity of maintaining
the possession of the West India Colonies, and all that he
asked for those injured and depressed colonies was, what
every individual in this country would expect if his pro-
perty was to be taken from him—namely, that strict
justice be done to him. No person was more anxious
than he was to ameliorate the condition of the
slaves in the West Indies ; but he should con-

Sider it unworthy of any Englishman, or any person
who held a title to property by rights as secure as pro-
perty was in this country—he should consider it derogo-
tary if they accepted relief only on the condition that they
complied with the orders iu Council.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON, in seconding the Reso-
lution, congratulated the present meeting on its great
numbers and respectability. On no occasion had he ever
witnessed so numerous a body, and to his mind the present
occasion was one justly calling for such an assemblage,
end requiring the deliberate attention which had
been given to it that day.—(Hear, hear.) He would
remind the meeting that probably on the result of that
day's proceedings would depend, not only the well-being of
the the colonies, but that of this country. From those colonies
England had derived her wealth, importance, and in-
fluence as a nation.—(Hear.) He considered the Orders
in Council of Novembe last inconsistent with the reso-

lutions proposed by Mr. Canning and passsed by Parliament
in 1523. He believed that as far as his information
went, the West India planters had with alacrity and
the best possible feeling given effect to those resolutions.
And who were the defaulters ? the Executive Government
of the county. What were these resolutians? They had
been alluded to frequently, and it was right they should
go forward to the punlic in their expressed terms
that though determined, but at the same time judicious and
tempetrate enforcement of the measures recommended, such
an improvement should be effected in the slave population
as would fit them fora participation in the privileges in-

. .
joyed by other of his Majesty's subjects, but did it not re-
quire time to mature the fruits of education ? Did it
not require time to teach the children the obligations
they were under to their master, the King, andGoverntnent ?
When those fruits were ripe, it would be time enough
to come forward and propose alterations in the treatment
of the slaves in the West India Colonies, but in pre•
sent circumstances their interference would only increase
the alarm, anxiety, and ruin, which was now apparently
gathering over the colonies. It would be unpardonable of
him, alter so many hours discussion, to trespass longer on the
attention of the meeting, but he would say as an humble
individual, and as a Member of the House of Commons, he
would use his best efforts to obtain for their
cause at least a fair and impartial hearing,
and if the subject was only fairly considered, and fully
investigated, sure he was the result would he very differ-
ent from what the Government by their Orders in Council
seemed to contemplate. He concluded by seconding the
resolution, which was then put by the Chairman, and car-
ried unanimously.
Lord RKAY then moved the 10th resolution.

Mr. COIN' LE felt that it was unnecessary to
say any thing in support of this resolution. In the
extremity of colonial distress there was great necessity
for relief. Ile was himself a possessor of pro-
perty in the West Indies, and with all his different
opportunities of forming an opinion, his convic-
tion was, that independent of all danger and dig-
tress arising from the political situation of the
colonies the pressure from inadequacy of price for
their staple commodities had for the last three
years been so great that many estates could not produce
sufficient to defray the expenses that were necesarily
incurred by their cultivation. It would become necessary
then for this county to choose one of two things. The colo-
nies must either be driven out of cultivation, or the public
must give such relief as would produce that degree of
improvement in the price, Ti would enable the
planters to meet the necessary expenses of cultiva-
tion. The destruction of the cultivation of the West
India colonies would not be limited only to one department
but would operate on all branches, and spread extensively
over all the colonies. So great a decrease. for ex-
ample in sugar would be the result of this destruction of the
cultivation, that its price would reach a famine price,
and it would be impossible to make up the de-
ficiency of supply in less than ten 3 ears. And
one million of slaves would require to be transported

to the Brazils, in order to make up the deficiency. It was
for the sugar consumers to interfere in this matter. It
was their interest as well as the interest of the planter
to increase the price of sugar, or ultimately they would be
completely deprived of it. He then seconded to resolution.
Mr. WARD, in moving the eleventh resolution, said,
he might be asked, why, during the period he represented
the city in Parliament be had not expressed himself
on the subject—his best answer would be, that during the
period he was there, while he could always obtain an
abundance of current statements and speculative opinions,
lie could arrive at no well-established facts. It
was in order to obtain these facts, and place them in
the proper light, that he venturned to request their co-
operation and assistance in passing that resolution.—
(Hear, hear.) He deemed it necessary that the truth,
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, should be placed
before the attention of the public, because passion bad been
excited, and because there existed a class of persons in the
country who, whatever their intentions might be, thought
that the end fully justified the means.—(Hear, hear.)
He hoped the time would not be long before con-
fidence would be established in some degree ; but till
that time, it would be totally impossible for capital to be
productive.—(Hear, bear.) The county would re-
main with abundance of estates, but with no
means of raising a shilling upon them.
Alderman COPELAND seconded the resolution, and de-
precated any interference by Government with the treat-
ment of the slaves. The planters were the only adequate

judges of what was proper or expedient in that matter.
Mr. NICHOLSON, a person in the Hall, then addressed
the meeting. He stated that he was no West India pro-

prietor, but as a trader iu London, and as a consumer
of sugar, he felt himself called upon to say a few
words.—(Hear, hear.) The intereAs of England were

identified with tl owe of the West India- Colonies ;
bot he complained that while the meeting had passed re-
solutions declaratory of evils to which they were subjected,
and of evils that they were sustaining, they had suggested
no remedy to improve their condition. It was his in-
tention, therefore, to propose a resolution on the subject.
If the people of England did not come forward and iden-
tify their case with that of the West India planters, they
should shortly have no interests left. As a consumer of
sugar, with 20 millions of people, he gave it as his opinion,
that if the West India proprietors understood their own
interests, they would adopt measures to create double the
detn.ind for the sugar; and in consequence the exporta-
tion of Blitisli manufactures would be doubled. It be-
came their duty, therefore, to appeal to the people of
England to support them, and meetings should be hell in
every town in the kingdom for the same object. (Cheers.) If
he were to go into the subject of the importation of tea,
he could show that the people of England did not use
upon an average half an ounce per day each ; but if they

consumed 30 millions of pounds of sugar annually, he would
ask, that supposing the duty on it and cuff e to be
reduced one-half, would it not greatly increase the con-
sumption? Look at the consumption of coffee ;it was
now ten times the amount that it was when the
duty was double the present amount. It was their
duty to show to the Government, not that the country
could afford to lose 8,000,0001. a year, but t,) prove that
they would get 10,000,0001. or 12,000,0001. where
they now got 8,000,0001. besides greatly improving
the condition of the people, and greatly increasing the
exportation of manufactures. Therefore he would pro-
pose, as a resolution, that in furtherance of the object of
relief to the West India interests, such measures should
he adopted as would supply the British consumer at
a cheaper rate, would increase the demand and pro-
mote the shipping interest; and that it would be expedient
to reduce by one half the duties on hemp, timber, and
every article used in building ships, on tea, coffee, sugar,
cocoa, and other articles of general consumption—
Then, and not till then, would they be able to com-
pete with the whole world ; and he was of opi-
nion that if some suggestions were not adopted
by the London merchants, Liverpool would be London in
twenty years, and London would sink into a village. Already
were Liverpool, Edinburgh, Leeds, and Glasgow looking fur
an opportunity of rising to greater eminence through
the indolence of the London merchants. He was of
()pinion that if their eleven resolutions went throull
the world, as the resolutions of the trades and
shopkeepers of London, that they would be in-
sufficient without the adoption of some such resolution
as that which he had proposed, and he therefore called
upon the meeting to adopt it as unanimously as that eleventh,
with which it did not at all interfere.--(Hear, hear.)
A Gentleman, whose name we could not learn, seconded
the resolution.

The Noble CHAIRMAN baying read the resolution, said
that the lion. Gentleman who bad moved it might feel

assured that the meeting were greatly o!iliged to him for
his attention and zeal in behalf of the West India interests,
and he might be as well convinced as he (the Chairman) was,
that that gentleman's intention was solely to promote the
West India interests. But he (the Chairman) suggested
that the most prudent course would be to withdraw the
resolution.—( Hear, hear, hear.) The eleven reso-
lutions which had been passed had for their
object to lay before his Majesty's Government
end the country, the distresses experienced by the West
India interests generally, and to suggest some
relief to be granted directly from the Govern-
ment of this country. There their cause rested all hut to re-
quest the Parliamentary inquiry to prove to mankind
the truth or falsehood of those assertions which had
been made against the West India body, and ❑pon
that examination either to recommend legislative mea-
sures, or to adopt any other means to forwad
their object. The resolutions were, therefore, limi-
ted to a representation of their case. It was true that
many of the things which were given in detail were already
known to the Government, and the propositions made by
Mr. Nicholson's resolution, regarding a reduction of duties,
were also known to the Government, and there could be
no doubt that if they could afford, consistently with the
public credit, to reduce taxation, the effect would be to in-
crease the consumption of the articles, and to increase the
happiness of the people.--(Hear, bear, hear.) With
no objection to the contents of the resolution, he would
put it to the discretion of the gentleman whether he would
insist in having it put. It did not form part of tie business
of the meeting, and it would be hett-r,r ether than
open so large a field as that resolution would do, for him
to rest satisfied with having stated his •iews, and to know
they were appreciated as coining from the best motives,
and the soundest principles.—(Cheers, and cries of,
" Withdraw !")

Mr. NICHOLSON said the power was out of his hands ;
he had launched his vessel, the sailors were the meeting,
and they would say whether they would protect her or
not.—(Cries of " No. ") For himself he had no
interest in the subject, but that of having done what
he thought was right.—(Hear.) If the meeting.
however, considered it better for him to withdraw
the resolution, he had not the slightest oljection to it.—
(Cheers, and cries of " Withdraw !")
The CHAIRMAN then said, with Mr. Nicholson's per-
mission, he would consider the resolution was withdrawn.

Mr. SINCLAIR said that in rising to propose the
12th resolution and to make the 25th speech, it was ne-
ces•ury that he should be very brief; therefore he would
detain the meeting with a very few observations. We
had now arrived at a most eventful crisis with respect
to our colonies and their prosperity. The vestion now
was whether the colonies were to be relieved, or were to
be allowed to go to complete ruin us they had been doing
fur some time. He would say no more than that he
would give the measure his most decided support
in another place,—he meant in his place in the
House of Commons. He then proposed the resolu-
tion to the effect " That petitions founded on these reso-
lutions be presented to his Majesty and to both Houses of
Parliament.

Jolts{ Rae REID, Esq., rose to second the resolution,
and, as he was a man of business, be would at once
come to the point; therefore, without going into detai:s,
he cordially seconded the resolution, which was then put,
and carried unanimously.
Mr. BURGE then rose and said, that the proposed series
of resolutions having now been gone through, it fell to
his duty to propose one more, viz., that of a motion of
thanks from the meeting to their Noble Chairman for his
sanction of their proceedings by his presence. He had
most cordially approved of all the resolutions and senti-
ments which had been agreed to and delivered that day,
and was happy that the meeting had been so unanimous
on the subject, for union was strength. He held an official
situation in one of the colonies, so he had thought it better
not to offer himself to the notice of the meeting till their
sentiments had been delivered, as then it could not be
said that the meeting was biassed by any one closely
connected with the colonies. There was now one
duty which he would have to perform, that was
to write to his constituents a notice of the
unanimity which had prevailed at that meeting, where
their interests were the topic of discussion. It would give
them a great deal of satisfaction to know that their case
hid excised so much sympathy, that even the spirit of
party had been laid aside, and all had agreed that the in-
terest of the Colonist should be protected. It was now
his duty to propose that a .vote of thanks be
presented to the Noble Chairman, who, by his temper
and ability, had given the meeting the character of a de-
liberative asssmhly. The Hon. Gentleman then proposed
his resolution, to the effect—" That the thanks of the
meeting be given to Lord Harewood, for the temper and
ability which he had shewn, as chairman of that meeting.
Mr. BRIGHT rose to second the resolution. He did
not think it necessary, after what bad taken place—the
unanimity which had prevailed. The meeting were most
deeply indebted to the Noble Chairman, and he had no
doubt but that this resolution would pass with u much
unanimity as the others.
The resolution was passed amidst acclamation.
Lord HARIMOOD britfiy returned thanks, when the
meeting broke up.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

Lord KING presented a petition from a National Politi•
cal Union, the name of which was nut read, praying for
Parliamentary Reform. Ilis Lordship s lid, that be knew
not whether it was fortunate or the reverse, that so few
Reform petitions were presented to that House. He ima-
gined that the fact arose from a confidence which the
people had in the Bill being passed by the Peers, and he
had fears that this could not be considered as a favourable
symptom of a good result.

The Mutiny Bill was read a second time.
Lord KING presented a petition front a parish in Ire-
land, praying for an abolition of tithes.

Lord GODERICH presented a petition from a Society
of London in favour of the abolition of negroe slavery.
The Earl of WINCHILSEA presented a petition from
Oakhainpton against Reform.

Lord RODEN presented a petition front Antrim against
the new system of national education in Ireland.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a pe-
tition from the inhabitants of Illarylebone against colo-
nial slavery. With the greater part of the prayer of the
petition he agreed ; but with one part of it, namely, a pat t
that prayed for the entire abolishment of slavery forth-
with, he could not concur—he did not think that this
would be calculated to produce a happy result.
The Bishop of EXETER presented a pAition from
Newtown-Abbot, in the county of Devon, against the net•,
Irish system of education.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from the Inhabi-
tant Householders in London and Westminster, expressive
of their satisfaction of the Bill which had been introduced
into the other House of Parliament, relative to the
ill-treatment of cattle, and praying their Lordships
would give the subject their serious attention
when it came before them. He was quite
sure they would, and therefore abstained from occupying
time in discussing the matter now.
The Liverpool anti Manchester Rail-way Bill was read
a third time anti passed.

The Earl of WINCHILSEA wished to know front
the Noble Earl at the head of his Majesty's Government
whether any report had been received from the commis-
sioners of the new system of education in Ireland
whether any applications had been made, and if there
bad been any advance made by Government in favour
of the new system.
Earl GREY, as we understood him, said no such official
report had been received, as to enable Goveenment to
lay it befi,re the House. Several applications had been
made, but no advance.

The Scotch Cholera Bill, the Marine Mutiny Bill, and
several others passed through Committee.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

At Four o'clock the SPEAKER took the chair, and counted
the House. Only 18 Members were present, and the ad-
journment of the House therefore stood over till to-morrow.

GLOUCESTER. ASSIZES, APRIL 3.

Sarah Mills, aged 2.5, was charged with picking
the pocket of John Burrowes of two .54 bank notes,
and seven sovereigns and half a guinea.—Prisoner
Was acquit►ed.
Elizabeth Parker, a cyprian, was charged with
having stolen from the person of Daniel Cole, on
the 21st of March last, at Tetbury, five sovereigns,
five half-sovereigtw,", and two .si. bank notes, his
proper►y.
Mr. Justice TAUNTON summed up the evidence,
and the prisoner was found Guilty.
The Learned Judge sentenced her to be trans-
ported for life.
