I have been astonishedt myself, at deeds as gloriSus as the most '
heroic which hiStory transmits to us ; but every thing was
obliged to give way to the enthusiasm, constancy, and intrepi-
dity, of the Spanish army. The houses in flames—the ramparts
beat down—the fortifications in ruins—all the buildings, offen-
sive and defensive, levelled ; such is now the state of a fortress
on which the enemies of order founded so many hopes, and
which they endeavoured to make the multitude share in.
" Miserable wretches ! conic and contemplate the unfortu-
nate spot formerly occupied by the people whom you deceived !
You will only find ruins and ashes, and a terrible inscription,
which records what those may expect who dare to imitate Cas-
telfollit. Return to your duty at this sight, poor abused Cata-
lonians. Know the infamous wretches who have never laboured,
and who never will labour, but for their own interests—who only
demand the re-establishment of abuses that they may subsist—
who desire to retain you in the depths of ignorance and slavery,
and who at length, as you have seen, abandon you in the-hour
of danger.

" Have you not seen, scarcely a moment since, the impru•
dent Romanillo separate himself from a town, which is also his,
at a critical moment, and with a promise to return to your suc-
cour ? Have you not seen him remain six days in the presence
of my works, though he had collected all the succours he could
find, and was accompanied by his worthy companions Roma-
gosa, Eroles, and others, and not dare to adyance one step, or
ever trouble for a single moment the siege, which has terminat-
ed in your destruction ? Do you need other proofs, unfortunate
victims ? You have seen them with arms in their hands, can

you require any thing more to convince you ?
" Do you still doubt the weakness, the impotence, the cow-
ardice of those who abandon you when you are besieged, and
remain idle when they ought to fight ? Where are those fo-
reign armies so frequently announced to blind and to ruin you ?
Undeceive yourselves ; hasten and receive the welcome of re-
conciliation, which your country, full of pity, is impatient to
grant you or hear the prompt punishment which she will

inflict on her criminal children, the enemies of her repose
and her happiness. In order to promote as much as I can
the cordial reconciliation or the exemplary punishment alluded
to, I order, in consequence of the powers vested in me, what

'ollows :-

" Art. 1. Every town or village which surrenders to an armed
band of factious, less in number than one-third of the inhabi-
tants, shall be sacked and burnt.
"2. Every town or village obliged to surrender by a greater
number of factious than one-third of its inhabitants, and in
which the greater part of the latter join them • and combat in
their ranks, shall also be sacked and burnt; but if only a
small number of inhabitants have joined the factious, only the
houses of the rebels shall he pillaged and burnt, without their
being therefore exempt from the punishment pronounced against
them by the law.

" 3. Every town or village in which subsistence or other
succours shall be given to the factious, not being in greater
force than one-third of the inhabitants, shall be condemned to
pay a fine of at least 1,000 livres Catalan, or more if necessary,
and the members of the Municipality shall be shot ; it being
at the same time understood, that when a superior force of the
factious shall force the town or village to supply them, the
nation will not take any notice of it.
" 4. Every isolated house situated in the country, or in a
town or village which shall have been abandoned by its inha-
bitants at the approach of the national troops, whose discipline,
subordination, and excellent conduct, are well known, shall be
plundered and pulled down, or burnt. The people may be certain
that when property is 'to be protected; and persons secured, I
shall always be disposed, as I have ever been, to punish:with the
greatest rigour the least fault committed by my subalterns.
" 5. The Municipal Councillors and Justices of Peace,
Clergymen of the villages, situated at the distance of three
leagues from my head-quarters, or from the spot where some
superior officer is, who shall neglect to give me information
from day to day, and even several times a-day, if necessary,
of the movements of the factious in their vicinity, shall be
fined. If any important disadvantage results from their negli-
gence, they shall be punished with death.
" 6. Every individual belonging to the class of soldiers in,
the ranks of the factious, who shall surrender to me or to any
General of the divisions of the army I command, with his
arms, shall be pardoned for his crime of rebellion, the power
of doing this not to extend beyond the 20th of November next:
" 7. The present order, accompanied by my Proclamation
of this day to the troops, shall be read as the Order of the
Day. Copies are to ba given to the General Commandant of
the District, residing at Barcelona, and to those of the pro-
vinces of Lerida, Tarragona, and Gerona, as well as the Po-
litical of the four provinces, in order to their being im-
mediately published, and the foregoing regulations acted on.
" Head-quarters, where Castelfollit stood, Oct. 24, 1822.
" MINA."

PROCLAMATION.
" Soldiers of the Army of Operation of the
the Seventh ,District.

" You will be made acquainted with my Orders of this day,
addressed to the inhabitants of this district, and the measures
by which they are terminated. I have commanded that both
shall be read to you.

" I must express my gratitude to the valiant corps and the
individuals who accompanied me in the siege and occupation
of Castelfollit, and bestow public eulogiums on their brave con-
duct. Yes ! Comrades in Arms, your sufferings, your courage,
your constancy, your triumph over all the difficulties, have
surmounted the greatest obstacles You have surpassed my
wishes ; you have made me, shed a hundred times tears of joy
and of gratitude.
" Let the nation know it ! let the whole of Europe know it !
but let them at the same time know, that with Chiefs, Officers,
and Soldiers, as brave as those who now compose the Spanish
Army, there is no fear of either foreign or domestic enemies.—
As the latter will soon have to renounce their absurd enterprise,
so the' former will never sully with impunity the honour of
our country.
" To obtain these results, soldiers of my division, be ye faith-
ful to lour noble union. Behave as you have hitherto done,
do not, forget what I have said in'Article 4 of my Order of the
Day. Subordination and discipline are the soul of armies, as
the respect for persons and property should form the character
of just and well-intentioned men. Be ye sure, that the highest
glory to which I aspire, is 'to die in the middle of your ranks,
to preserve our liberty and national independence, which are
guaranteed by the Political Constitution of the Spanish Mo-
narchy, to obey which we have all taken a solemn oath.
" Head-quarters where Castelfollit stood, Oct. 24. 1822.
"
