THE DERBY (THIS DAY).

It is next to impossible to describe with certainty the fluctuations
which occurred dur;ng the three hours taken up by the racing ; it
must suffice to mention the principal ones :—Cobham was backed
freely at sto 2 till the close, when 9to 4 was accepted. Phmnix
was so much out of favour at first, that he gave way a point at a
time til; he reach:A 12 to 1 ; this was taken, and then the move-
ment was upwards till he got to 8 to 1 ; this was taken in hundreds
two or three times, and after that 7 to 1, at which he closed.
D'Egville was also in force, and advanced to the same point. The
Grey dropped half a point, and, as a consequence of D'Egville's
advance, was not in demand. lon and Rowton at 10 to 1 each;
the latter having been quoted lower. Bullion not fancied ; Bam-
boo broken down, and Beggarman amiss. No great fancy for any
of the 30 t,, 1 class. Last odds:-
9 to 4 agst Mr. H. Combes's Cobham
9 to 2 agst Lord G. Bentinek's Grey Momus
7 to 1 agst Ld G. Bentinck's D'Egville
7 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Phamix
10 to 1 agst Col. Peel's lon
10 to 1 agst Mr. Payne's Young Rowton
20 to 1 agst Captain Berkeley's Bullion
30 to 1 agst Nlr. Forth's Conservator
33 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Albemarle
33 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird
40 to 1 agst Mr. W. Edwards's Drum-major
40 to 1 agst Sir G. Heathcote's Amato
50 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Chemist
TIIE OAKS FITIDAY
I7to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's innv
No others mentioned.
BETTING LAST NIGHT.

The following is a statement of the Ws at. the Grand Hote.
betting-rooms, Covent-garden, up to twelve o'clock last night :

TIIE DERBY.
5 to 2 agst Mr. H. Coombes's Cobham—taken
. 4 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinek's Grey Momus—taken and at
terwards offered
7 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Phoenix—taken
7 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck s D'Egville—taken
12 to 1 agst. Mr. Payne's Young Rowton—taken
30 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird—taken
40 to 1 agst Sir G. Heatheote's Amato—taken
40 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Albemarle—offered
40 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Bretby—offered
1000 to 50 agst Lord Suffield's Bamboo
TILE OAKS.
5 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's Ninny—taken
9 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Industry—taken
20 to 1 agst Mr. Theobald's

We understand that Mr. Roebuck has had most
numerous applications to attend political meetings, in various parts of
the country, but he has declined them all. The state of parties in Par-
liament affords no hope of any beneficial result from political meetings,
until the effect of the " intermediate elections" shall place the Whigs
in a minority, which it most assuredly will do (?)—Bach Guardian.

We have nothing further, to day, to communicate
respecting the outrage on Protestant worship in the Church-yard of
Tuam, saving that at the close of the inquiry informations were re-
ceived against three Roman Catholic clergymen, mid twenty others, for
a riot, and the different witnesses examined on the inquiry were
bound to prosecute their depositions at the next Assizes.—Dublin Even-
tug Mail.
CORONER'S INQUEST.—Yesterday afternoon an
inquest was held at the Blue Posts, Oxford-street, before Mr. Stirling,
on the bodies of Sabina Conway, aged 35, and James Parker, aged 130 ;
the former of whom was murdered by the latter, who afterwards termi.
noted his existence by cutting his throat. The Jury, after a short de-
liberation, returned a verdict that James Parker wilfully murdered Sa_
bina Conway, and a verdict offelo de se was recorded against the former.
TIIE EARL OF STIRLING.--We find that this
nobleman, or rather that Mr. Humphreys. Alexander, formerly of this
city, who, it is known, asserts a right to the Earldom of Stirling, and
has for a long time assumed the title, is preferring his claim to be pre-
sent, and assist at her Majesty's coronation, in virtue thereof.—Wor-
cester Herald.

Last week a young woman at ltedworth, near
Darlington, while nursing an infant, being seized with a fit, fell into the
fire, and was burnt to death before assistance arrived. The child was
comparatively uninjured.—Sunderland Herald.
TilE LAST SHIFT.----An elderly woman in Wil-
m this inscription on one of the flags of the demon-
isitaratirgobnu,e% in
colbasiemrevd,g"gin that be their last shift, they would surely be
muckle better staying at name to won anither than be stravaging about
like a wheen idle neer.do-weels."—Paislep Advertiser.
Persons going by omnibuses to Turnham-green on
the day of the Horticultural Society's show should take care to bargain
before entering for the regular fare, Is., as they are in the habit other-
wise of demanding 2s. on these days.
COPENHAGEN, MAY 20.—The marriage of her
Royal Highness the Princess Wilhelmina Maria of Denmark and his
Serene Highness Duke Charles Schleswig-Holstein took place yesterday
morning at eight o'clock at the Palace.
BASE COIN.—A large number of counterfeit four-
penny piece; are at present in circulation ; they arc well executes!, and
bear the date of 1836. From the smallness of this coin it is impossible
to distinguish the genuine from the spurcus by " ringing," and it is
probably from the ak.ence of this usual tea' that so many of the coup.
terfeits have got ab;Oad.
There is living at Wolsingham an old woman of
tl.e name of Hunter, who is in her 100th year. S'ie is in full possession
of her Intellectual faculties, and quite capable of fol owing her usual
avocations.

Two eggs have been sent to our office for inspec-
tion, measuring in circumference, 6'.%y 71 inches, and weighing, each 3i
ounces. They are the production of a black hen of a Spanish breed,
h_longing to a gentleman in town.—Paisley Advertiser.

A Meeting of De'rg ,tcs was held tins day at the
Cr
i d!%: It Corree-houSe,
Guildhall, Mr. BLAIR in the Chnr.
Important statements were i..a 11 Mr. ui )11. SeAti: "
others, for which we have not spec.ffnday
o
'l' he following Reseda:ens were agree-el to :
I. That lh, Delegates pledze themselves to rise every exertion in aid
of Lord Brougham's eflirrt to annihilate the Apprentieeshili System in
t e British Colonies, by the Bill he has brought fot ward nuthe Upper
I-louse of Parliament.
2. That however soon the final abolition of t' e appre. tees' i?F3"tent'
may take place, it is of vital importance that the friends et hurnanitY
should not relax their etliats on behalf of the Negro, but adopt all Prnier
measures to preterit the enactment of laws of an injurious and oil-
pressive character to the emancipated slaves, ferreting to e stabis.ll
system of coerced labour, and perpetuate slavery, tr,Alcr the name and
pretence of freedom.
3. That the state of the police and vagrant laws in limaica, flarbadoes,
and other colonies, is al variance with the first principles of British .in';
tier, inasmuch as the onus probandi of infrocenc., is thrown urn!' the
e
accused person without any preliminary proof of gui:t. It therefore
becomes necessary that, in whatever laws Gov, ri mlt
right may think t
right to frame fora future state of things in the West Colonio,
the great principle of' British justice be recognized ; that the
sumption of innocence shall attach to the accused until proof ofguilt
be
established.
4. That this meeting expressly and urgently recommends to the Central
Negro Emancipation Committe e the consideration and adoption of ti'c
best means for carrying (an the views of the Delegates,
as expressed in
former meetings, in reference to the question of Bounties on Slave
Produce, and of the new Slave Trade from India; and also of the 4th
and sth resolutions of the Delegates adopted on the 29th inst.
5. That this meeting emphatically protests against airy measure far
the disposal of Crown lands in the British Colonies, which shall in an!
wise tend to prevent the enfranchised negroes from rising out of ti"tr,
servile and degraded state, by becoming purchasers of portions of tin,
same, on equitable terms.
(5. That the votes taken on the three recent divisions in the House of
Commons—viz., on Sir George Stricklan's, Sir E. Wilmot's, and Sir
Grey's m %ions, be collected and analysed, and that the number an"
names of all Members who have, on any of those occasion''
corded their opinions in favour of our object, and of those who have:,
at
one time or other pronounced against it, will be ascertained and publi'l
to the country.
7. That the Delegates having considered a suggestion that an ag"11
should be established in the Colonies, with an especial view to Pr°tV,e
the Negroes, and instruct them as to their rights, arc of opinicn that t
subject deserves the most serious attention of the friends of abolition,
and commit it to the grave and dispassionate consideration of the
Central Negro Etnancipation Committee.
