EVENING EDITION.

SCRAPS from AMERICAN PA ER',

ontinued he in a stern voice, "no man fastens them
again, unless I am guilty of some other crime than
colour and the love of freedom I Why should my limbs
be chained more than yours ? Did not the same Father
create us both, and give us life and liberty alik • ."'
A young lady who was present asked him how much
he would be worth to his old master provided he should
be carried back. " Why," said he, " I should bring
about fifteen hundred dollars." " And," continued the
lady, "would you not be willing to return to slavery if
your master would let you have all the money ?" " No,"
..xclaimed he instantly, " not for twenty hundred dol-
lars ! You know my mind wouldn't be free—l should
think all the time that I was a slave ; money would not
buy happy thoughts." We could but bid him "on-
ward !" as he turned joyfully upon his heel and fixed
his eye upon the polar star.
" Rev. Mr. B—, a Presbyterian preacher of Ohio,
was some short time since in company of several other
gentlemen descending the Ohio river in a steam-boat.
He made himself known as an abolitionist by telling the
negroes on board that they were as free as any men.
The company unhesitatingly ordered the captain to
land his boat on the Kentucky shore. He refused at
first, they persisted in the order, the boat was landed, a
rope was tied round the neck of B— and thrown
across the limb of a tree, and at the instant they were
about to swing him up, his wife fainted at their feet.
This touching scene moved the feelings of the venerable
J— R—, and through the influence of his powerful
eloquence, they spared the life of B at that time.
But, Sir, continues the gentle brother, "he may be
thankful that he was on Kentucky soil, for if he had
been on the soil of some of the other states, eloquence
would have availed him nothing in that crisis."
CONTENTMENT.—The coloured man who has been
confined in a gaol at Cambden for seven weeks past, on
suspicion of loving liberty, has got free from the Chris-
tian blood-hounds who placed him there. By jumping
handcuffed from a window in the third story of a house
at Mount Holly, whither he had been carried for trial,
he has proven pretty conclusively, that such a suspicion
was correct. A more particular account neat week.
Canada and freedom to the hunted victim.

IR "mg ARENTS.—An American editor accompanies
' the publication of a list of news agents, with the follow-
ing prescription for the especial benefit of some thirty-
' eight defaulters :—" Dreadful Mortality.—A fearful
epidemic has been raging in the fourth page and fifth
nokumn of this paper. It has already swept off TPIIRTY-
i Eldliff of the inhabitants of that region, and from the ab-
-1 aquae of late returns, serious apprehensions are entertained
lost the contagion is spreading with still greater devasta-
tions. It has hitherto baffled the skill of a physician,
I acknowledged by his most inveterate ill-wisher to possess
'no inconsiderable ability.' Wheedling and coaxing,
scolding, exhorting, and threatening,' each, in its turn, is
said to have been tried, but all has proved of no avail.
The disease is somewhat peculiar in its symptoms,
idevelopment, and consummation. It commences by
)an indifference in the head, producing stupor, ge-
treral lassitude, and consequent sluggishness, soon per-
fecting itself in unfaithfulness in the discharge of
' duties by a total inactivity of the extremities, es-
pecially in the feet, the tongue, the thumb and two
fingers of the right hand. From this stage of the dis-
order the transition is very rapid. It soon strikes at
the heart and then the case of the patient is hopeless,
for entire apathy immediately ensues, quickly followed
by death. Although wholly unskilled in pharmacy, we
will venture to prescribe to those afflicted by the pre-
monitory symptoms, the following simple antidote,
peradventure it may check the wide spreading malady.
Procure -1 pen, 1 inkstand, and 2 tablespoonsful of ink ;
put the ink into the inkstand, and if the pen is not in
good order let it be mended, so that everything may
be fair. Get from :2 or 3 to 15 or 20 blank receipts
for the Philanthropist, and let them be filled
out embracing a period of one to four years. De-
posit them in the jacket pocket on the left side, as
near the heart as possible, (provided vitality is not
clean gone,) and unloose the tongue and tell A, B, C,
and D what you have (lone. as convenience or oppor-
tunity may offer, consistently with other less pressing
duties. Be careful to note the results, and immediately
therettpon procure from one half to a sheet of letter
paper, and transmit the observations to the publishing
_
agent of the Philanthropist at Cincinnati, main st., be-
tween 4th and sth, East side up stairs, where any
farther advice will be promptly and gratuitously de-
spatched. If, however, this nostrum should tail to effect
a cure, it is to be feared that another cannot be fur-
nished from the whole circle of materia medica, and the
result must be, for aught that human skill can prevent,
the entire depopulation of the unhappy.community to
wliicfi reference has been made. Do try it for mercy's
sake.—H."
SXANDARD OF MORALS IN LOUISIANA.—The inci-
dent related below, is from a young gentleman who was
, al, eye-witness of the scene. He has recently returned
F from the South after a residence there of more than a
year. It shows how little vice stains the character of
a young man in that State, and exhibits the low
stapdard by which even the ladies there estimate a
virtitrous temper and correct moral habits. Our inform-
ant in not an abolitionist, and refuses the use of his
name and the name of the parties, because he thinks of
returning again to the South. Alas ! how many mouths
are dumb for the same reason ! He says that intoxica-
tion is very common with nearly all the Southern young
men with whom he is acquainted, and that it is consi-
dered no very serious matter of reproach to them.Healso
states that the howie-knite is almost as common an ap-
pend t,ge to a finished gentleman, as a watch or a
p lir ot gloves—that the young ladies have a much
liglies- opinion of a young man who cuts an antagonist
badly with it, than of one who does not wear that ter-
rible weapon, but patiently bears insult—that they do
not care how severe the wounds are, provided they are
Lot fatal—the more severely one is hacked, the greater
the evidence of the spirit and chivalry in the hacker—
but they do not like a young blood quite so well, if be
realty extinguishes the spark of life. The scene is described
in ne.arly his owa words—" In the parish of --, in
Loaisiana, I was invited to a ball, at which there were
more than one hundred ladies present, besides the
gentlemen. Many of the ladies were very beautiful
and accomplished. One ot their number, who was
especially distinguished in this respect, was invited

INcENDIARtsm.—On Saturday evening last,
about half-past seven, a fire broke out at the farm of Mr.
Buddle, near Hamden, in the parish of Eastry. The
wind blowing fresh, the barn and stacks were soon enve-
loped in flames, by which the large barn, with its contents,
I the waggon and other lodges, four stacks of corn, and the
implements of husbandry, were completely destroyed—
some hogs and poultry were also destroyed. The engines
from Sandwich were promptly in attendance, followed by
those of Deal, but too late to save any of the farming
stock ; the attention of the firemen was therefore directed
to save a cottage and the dwelling- house, which by judi-
cious management was effected. Fortunately the wind
blew from the S. W. Had it been otherwise, the confla-
gration mu,a have been dreadful, as the farm of Mrs. Kelley
being so close, and the dwelling-house and extensive
buildings belonging to H W. Harvey, Esq., in the imme-
diate vicinity, would have fallen a prey to the devouring
element. We understand Mr. Buddle insured in the
Phoenix, but not nearly to the amount of his loss. There
is no doubt this is the act of an incendiary. A number of
persons assembled on the Dane John mount, in ibis city,
from whence the fire was distinctly visible It will be
seen by an advertisement in another column that a reward
of 1001. is offered for the apprehension of the incendiary.
—Kent Herald.
ATTACHMENT TO PRISON.—A few days back
an elderly man, named Bouix, who had completed his
term of imprisonment at the Central House of Detention
at Limoges, could not be found at the time when, with
several others, he was to be set at liberty. He was at last
discovered in an obscure part of the building, and, on be-
ing questioned as to his motives, said that he wished to
remain where he was ; that being no longer young, and
without any means of earning his living, he knew not what
would become of him. Ho had never been a thief, he said,
and had been condemned only as a vagrant. On being told
that it was impossible for him to remain, he asked whether,
as in the army, he might not become a substitute for one
of bis fellow-prisoners, who had still some years to con-
tinue in confinement. This arrangement, of course, was
inadmiasble, and Bouix was literally turned out of prison
against lea will, promising the director he would soon conic
hack, and would take care that his next cumwittal should
be for the rest of his life.
DUNDEE.-Trade still continues in an unsatis-

_ .
1 to join in toe dance by a yonne mto who was factory , state ; but there is every prospect of our having
ere long cheaper raw inateri.ds. It is supposed that orders
' a 9 much intoxicated tlelt it was with great difficulty he
could preserve nis balance. She refused him, not
for T. R. at Rigs, limited to R. 30, would be executed,
la,eatiie
iv! was a drunkard but bee ruse ho was too drunk to and fee D. C. at 301. per ton, free on board, and that 9
, ve.ade flax, at St. Peteisburele may be got at circa R.
• trip the li4lit tairta.qic toe ;' in fact, be was her lover.
100 per bqt. Seine of the 6 heads and 9 heads of last
This enraged hint, that be, her accepted suitor, should
••,,a?atr:sgrowth have. come
acid
hand ; the colour is good,
be thus insulted before so large anti so respectable a
it
;Id sheitii(utanrrt.itcy
al shi , short rid soft,,shattidill rein well, though
company. He retired. He brooded over the insult ; I .•, Archangel,..flax, on the
'ids purpose was fixed. With a staggering rush into the other hand, seems gn).' superior tolast • 3 ear s importations.
balleromn, he flourished ills drawn and glittering Yart- is and linens continue as last week ; the demand is
Lowiesknite ot er his head, swearing with dreadful oaths barely equal to the production. At this season, ',weever,
that he would have her neart's blood! Some of his corn- there is usually a slack demand far yarns, as there
pectoris interrupted his progress, hut did not disarm is less weaving, from too number of hands employed at
him, that being considered by their hers of etiquette a harvest work. A good deal is doing in the finer deserip-
delionourabie act, like that among Dueilists in stritciug an tion of linens, hut the coarser qualities, suited for the
'antagonist when lie is already down. So they led him out American market, are not inquired for. In that country
that his fury might abate, and that by reflection he
might tinnk better of the supposed slight of his lady-
'rove. He staid awhile until the fumes of brandy, th.,,e ienoey pressure. is re severe than here, and the fall
rtlemb.ind, which had scarcely eem•nenced, was not expected
extensive on that account ; but as the stock of goods
Is low, the spring prices will be fully realised. Heavy
wine and jealousy again began to terment in his brain, oserifices had been made of cotton bagging, and the article
and in he rushed as before. This time they did not is taut expected to come round until next year. Exchange
succeed in interrupting him, but he came so near the had become more favourable, being Bto 83- per cent. on
yonng- lady that she found it r'c;ess;;ry to flee. So, Britain. The steam-ship Liverpool is reckoned to be due
without any shrieks, hartshorn or fainting, she skipped
d from room to
, -room, with her lover in full chase, as we!l as he could,
to-naorrow, by which there will be accounts up to the 24th
a'Jout among her female companions an
ult.. ; the present accounts are only to the 12th.—Dundee
Glazer.
FORTSMOUTH.—The Pique, 36, Capt. Boxer,
' as though only engaged in the rude and obi;olete game
fhrenerly practised among girls and boys, called ' snap- has been completed by the dockyard for the conveyance of
UP,' the penalty of being caught, a kiss, instead of' a the new Governor-General to Canada. She is also to take
out Lieut.-General Sir Richard Jackson, appointed to sue-
bowie-knife. By superior quickness of foot, and the
ceee 1 Sir John Colborne. whom she will bring home from
manifest advantage of gravity in her favour, she escaped Queebee. She will sail immediately on the arrival of the
from him." Now, reader, what would you say was the above-named personages.
pr
nges. The new three-decker Queen,
conclusion of the whole matter ? What would you lt o g
sAy of the subsequent treatment by her of the drunkard for
•coumnmi s in dossi on She
ewffanrmg with
not,
however,
all
practical
eractiedaly despatchfo
-and the murderer ? Wny, that she scorned his pre- weeilts, when she will hoist the pendant, to relieve thr some
efiag
sence ever .
after and shunned him as she would a viper, shill Princess Charlotte. in the Mediterranean. The new
Did she do it ? " Two weeks from that very eight they ste tinier Stromboli, of 900 tons, lately launched here, will
were married r —Philanthropist. pr, ,ce ed in a few days to the Clyde, to receive her engines,
eliaetettla A WHIRLWIND.—The Vicksburo• Sentinel boiler, , Etc —Brighton Gazette.
of Rae 12th ult., contains an account of the destruction HOLBORN HILL IMPROVEMENT.—The foJ-
by a mob, of 41 e Real Estate Bank at Decatur, Mis- lov ring suggestion for the improvement of Holborn-hill,
trissi i. The banking house was set on fire by the has. been sent us by a correspondent, and appears worthy
fip
of :attention :—From an examination of Holborn-bridge,
assailatzAs, and together with all the books and papers it
HA, born-hill, Skinner-street, I have not the slight-
evert lie raisingeres t
contained was soon reduced to ashes. Nothing what-
of theHolbhoirini-obnridageh 15sid feet, and
was saved from the universal wreck. The mob selsit li doubtt lowterint
was still in force at the latest accounts, and there was wale of easy draugght can be obtained ; whLlicdrau btamroieaht
, great apprehension that their next demonstration of an also be considerably diminished by laying downg say
.two
" enlightened public opinion" would be upon the persons track-. aof granite blocks for the ascending carriages, mu-
and property of the directory. So it works. Lynch lar to that on the Commercial-road. Farringdonlstreet
law is like the horse-leech in the Scripture—its constant wcouloil be raised up to the new level of Holborn-bridge by a
eels " Give , . Give ! " To-day it breaks up an anti- mo deritte incline of lin 30, or lin 40, which I consider
slavery meeting—to-morrow it burns a public hall de- would but slightly deteriorate the existing property ; but if
voted to free discussion—and the next day it turns a I this property is not to stand in the way of improvements,
fury upon a Bank and its Directory ! Mississippi sowed the m I should say pull down a few of the houses at the
the wind in her mobs of 1834—she is now reaping
the Jar tenon of Farriogdon-street with Holborn, and form a
whirlwind ! Will our northern communities be
cir cos similar to the crossing of Regent and Oxford-streets.
T warned ? plan will undoubtedly afford the most convenience to
DIGNITARIES.—It is somewhat ludicrous to see the
tbit (ispublic—cost the least money, and interfere less than
studious efforts of the colonizers, in making out a list of ruly , other with existing property.—Engineer and Sur-
, officers for their societies, to select titled men, whose vey ° r's Magazine.
names will sound large in print, and give to the associa- t COLONY OF NEWFOUNDLAND.—The popula-
tion an air of respectability to which its principles could tii,o4 of the colony, by an accurate census taken in 1837,
never entitle it. We have before us now a list of the auto unts to 75,094. Of these 37,376 are Roman Catholics,
officers of the New York State Colonization Society, 1-:6,7 48 of the Established Church, and 10,836 Dissenters.
recently organized in the city of New York, and we • the population is spread over a line of coast extending
Cape St. John southward to Cape Ray, a direct
from
find upon it fourteen Honourables, twenty-two Es-
clistrin ce of about 600 miles, to which may be added 300
quires, ten Doctors of Divinity, five Reverends, and one
General. Not a man among them all but wears his or 40(1. more for bays and sinuositics. There are in the
title, is land .about forty families of Micmac Indians, amounting
to two :hundred, men, women, and children. They subsist
..KINDLY TREATED."—" CONTENTED AND HAPPY." incipaily on venison, which they kill in the neighbourhood
—James M. Vandegriff, in the Louisianian of the P
ofl the lakes to the north-east of St. George's Harbour.
10th alt., advertises as a runaway " the negro girl T hey employ themselves in hunting the martin, otter,
Lucy," who " has four toes cut off her left foot." This an td beaver, and sell the skins sometimes to the estab.
is but a specimen of numerous advertisements of slaves lis hment of Messrs. Newman, in the Bay of Despair, and
which we have bekre us. We give it as a single item so metimes to the traders who occasionally touch at St.
in the evidence that can be adduced to show the kind G eorge's Bay and Bay of Islands. They are all of the
treatment and contentment of the slaves. R oman Catholic persuasion, and are a tim.d and inoffen-
PRESIDENT Matorsota.—A correspondent of the alt re people. They generally pass the winter near the
Emancipator gives the following extract from the
will
so uth coast, in the vicinity of Bay Despair; and, in their
ha nting excursions in the summer, traverse the island be-
of this distinguished Statesman, slaveholder, and Pre
sident of the Colonization Society. Observe, his slaves- Eep foils on the northern coast. They thus continually
twe en the southern and western shores and the Bay of
are not to be sent to Liberia, He is stated to have pe:s .over the tract of country which was formerly inhabited
left one hundred :—" I give and bequeath my owner- by the Red Indians, and, as they hive not for years seen
ship in the negroes and people of colour, held by me to any trace" of them, it seems certain that those unhappy
' lasil_tAetr wife, but it is my desire that none of them : Aborigines, are extinct. There are about 12,000 acres of
th.'''• ..u2a be sold without his or her consent, or in case of I and in cultivation, principally producing potatoes, turnips,
misbehaviour ;except that infant children may be i'
_. ay, and oats ; barley is grown. and occasionally ripens,
sold with L •b ut is frequently cut down for fodder, in consequence of
, teen. parent who consents for them to be sold
widaitina our
ahnet, and who consents to be sold. I give ti to early departure of summer.—Metropolitan Magazine.
, to -Ralph
On Wednesday last an extraordinary and fortu-s
n Society, and y,
' 0101 Gurle Seer t. . ri a
CoiDnizatio e ary of th,o Ame c, n
1 Lte escape from fire occurred at the house of Mr. Charles
paters the sum of two thousandto his executors and adminis-71,1 umford Downham Market. The family had been in
theless, that he shall appropriate the same to the use n iell of fire, Upon getting out of the bed she perceived
incorporated by law or not.Tety, whether the same he 5,1 b, a boards were on fire beneath the child's crib, which
ALARMING.—We firtd the follo ' ,t 4 aid by the side of her bed. She immediately awoke Mr.
Woodstock (New Brunswick) Tiwn'ng paragraph in the M umford, and, by pouring water upon the floor, the fire
the East will of course take the 'es.
The people of w 3. 3 extinguished. Upon breaking through the wall, it
duds and be off :—The Philistines hint, pack up their app eared that a brick had fallen out of the flue, and that,
is v.* Fairfield, the CommandTar.° upon us. Where iii-ct msequence, a deposit of soot had taken place in a space
is .lntyre, the Land Agent ? Commander-in_ Chief '
'). Where bent-math, which was connected with thehi hsoentdfitimbers and
this
'Stlitekland, the brave Major ? We inlise.teb,lß Major the en•ds of the joists;
igniting that Mrs. .Mre toumthfeomial
ape. " Bustle, bustle, ti,e enemy " more ac- : and heel it not fortunately happened
,ny vaunts in the field" . dit 3 greet destruction of property must have
~ aiscovers .
Mk cull upon the Land A ;,.fit or the Ma*
yr to q mimed. —.Cambraly e Advertiser.
,‘ Saddle white Surrey for the field to morrow CATHOLIC LIBERALITY.--" here'-
T s none so
Look that your staves be sound and not too heavy; I Mind those who will not see," is a saying most applica-
John Bull, with the following Proclamation from" ."
as who will not see in the
one of t 4e to our Tory contemporaries,
his Blue Noses, alarms us. Brother Jonathan acknow- I rish Roman eatnolic farmer or peassnt aught save
Jndges himself awfully frightened. Nobody but the b ideousness and atrocity. We shall notice now a scene
Governor, and the Major, and the Land Agent can v /bleb has been enacted for the third or fourth time is this
stave us. Hear the man of Woodstock :—" The line 1 eighbourhood, but of which not a syllable will be given
y they
.Tory press, because, as they say, "it would not be
will be run, and if justice take place, the Eastern ii- c
, t
armors end
Within the last week about fifty or sixty
mils of Maine will be meted and bounded by the Pe- '\. t
‘rdfionanandanldabourers assembled on the glebe lands at
nobscot, or more likely by the Kennebec, and Brother
Jonathan must be cautioned to keep quiet, lest he be , er op thereon,
without
tutdotawn ,and stacked.the flon:u wheatenneration
reqpired to move further West "—Porlland Advertiser. i f,,,, their trouble
from
thkeingworotnhe farthingthree
Rev.
Mr.
HOW A SLAVE REASONS —Not long since we hap- • I Rot tlewell, the Protestant curate yofowthte,er, .
...,.
parish —I IPPe-
pened in
, our wunderines to fall in with one of tiros, ! i ear li . Free Press,
fugitive " chattels" 1 ' : At:T APOSTATE'S R
who sometimes " pursue happiness 4 ; REWARD.--iln European
contrary to the wishes of their iel I d
asters, e m a: i • , , , e
lie the service of a wealthy Turk, •
having embraced the
air of independence about ''
m , re' J.ton of s'ne prophet, informed h ' ' his master of the circum-
him, as well as a seernirn ; . ' o I
sense of man', m oral dignity, that wouldi.l .
.heartily glad of it," said the Turk. "As
ea( an observe. • , ,
turn' must now drink no wine, I shall
to suppose that something 1 1 pay thee 20 guilders
in his feelings. ~ I have. °t le rebel principle liirk:N7... per month less tem I used to d :•ttand he - ,
. said he "worn •
, Innis upori that a strict eve essould be kept upon this tier tired ,
these hands," raising them b '•' .• false to also •j
efore usand , putting on :a orbertNiSe he mega,. be - him _Foreign Monthly
look that spoke a determined heart. " But mark," ; Review.
