THE SUN, LONDW.-,:, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1.838.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
We have received a Letter stating that the prices of Shares in the
Northern and Eastern Railway are never quoted in our Paper.
If our Correspondent will tak;!, the trouble to look, he will find
that he complains without cause, for the prices of shares in
that Company have been quoted in nearly every Paper for the
last month.

The publication of Tam SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 15 minutes past Three o' Clock.

ffi f
"V' i 4 , j,......•
AfL 'y

`/Y,

(Cifu aim+

WITH Willett
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 21, 1838.

The House of LORDS was occupied last night with a dis-
cussion upon Lord BROUGHAM'S motior. on Negro Slavery.
The Noble and Learned Lord, in an impressive speech, dis-
tinguished by the highest order of elopience, moved " That
an humble address be presented to her Majesty, earnestly be-
seeching her Majesty to take immediate steps for negotiating
with the Gcvernments of Spain and Portugal, and obtaining
the concurrence of the Governments of France and the United
States in such negotiations, with a view to declare the trade
in slaves piracy, wherever the same is carried on ; and making
those who persist in it liable to all the pains and other conse-
quences of piracy."
Lord GLENELG opposed Lord Beot-ortaNt's Address, and
proposed in its stead an Address of his own, stating that it
was his intention to bring in a Bill for effecting some of the
objects contemplated by the original motion. The Duke of
WELLINGTON supported the views of the Secretary for the
Colonies. After considerable discussion, Lord BROUGHAM
divided the House on the sixth resolution, which was nega-
tived by 24. Lord GLENZLG'S Amendment was ultimately
adopted.
In the HOUSE of COMMONS the first business was the ap-
pointment of a Committee to try the merits of the Marylebone
Election.

Mr. PIELDEN brought forward his motion for the repeal of
the Poor-law Amendment Act. It was seconded by Mr.
WAELET, and opposed by Lord Iloviicx.
After some further discussion, Mr. D. W. Merit, said he
would not support the motion of the Hon. Member for Old-
hem for a repeal of the Poor-law Amendment Act, but still
he would not be entrapped into an opposition to the motion.
He therefore moved " the previous question."
Lord JOHN RUSSELL and Sir ROBERT PP.EL united in de-
precating a repeal of the Act, and in opposing the amend-
ment of the Hon. Member for Southwark, whose proposition,
as well as that of Mr. FIRLDEN, was negatived by a large
majority.
Mr. Heisa moved for copies of all letters between Mr.
Ikon, Mr. Rounuen, and any other Member of th• house
of Commons and Mr. PartNzat-, Mr. M'KENixe, and Dr.
DuNcomne, and any other individuals who have held public
situations in the l'rovinces of Upper and Lower Canada,
whieb have been seized in those Provinces, or otherwise come
into the possession of the Government.—The motion was
agreed to.
The House adjourned at Half-past One o'Clock.

The debate in the House of Peers last night on Lord
BROUGHAM'S resolutions for effecting the abolition of the
Slave Trade, and for regulating and improving the opera-
tion of the Slave Emancipation Act in the British Colonies,
promises to be attended with results the most gratifying
to the Christian and the philanthropist. Against the prin-
ciple so ably and eloquently maintained by the Noble and
Learned Lord, that it was the bounden duty of the Go-
vernment and Parliament of this country to adopt
.every means necessary for the utter abolition of
the horrible traffic in human flesh, not a die-
sentient whisper was heard in the House. Nor was this
all. What must be still more gratifying to those friends
-of the sacred cause of humanity who have devoted years
to the amelioration of the condition of the negroes, every
statement made by Lord BROUGHAM relative to the atro-
cities of the slave traffic, the bad faith of the planters, and
the exemplary good conduct of the emancipated coloured
'race in our West Indian Colonies, was either fully con-
firmed, or tacitly admitted to be incontrovertible, by Lord
GLINELG and the Duke of WELLINGTON. The
powerful impression made on the House by the do-
quent speech of the Noble and Learned Lord—
and we have seldom observed in that Home evi-
dences of an impression more
powerful—were not more
the result of the solemn dignity with which it was deli-
vered, than of the general conviction that prevailed of the
[absence, in its details, of every thing like exaggeration.
Lord BROUGHAM appeared to feel that he stood before their
Lordships not as the representative of a party—not as the
dvocate of a Bill of trensient importance—not as the sh'eid
ra Cabinet, or oo' av4aiiAnt of it tttetn.n : bur Ai 010 1
pestle of mil, eriel freedom -es an Ku thoriied and
Irespousible interpreter and expounder of that Divine Lew.
i.o the sanctification of which al
human leeislation should
be subservient. If then, his Lordship's resolutions were
nat adopted, we have the satisfaction of knowing that it
was because her Majesty's Government, have arrived at the
conclusion, that Lord Beouteiteet's object can and will be
attained by less objectionable means.
But great as is the satisfaction we feel at nit-
essing the anxiety that pervades every party in
his country, to effect the abolition of slavery
throughout the world, we must confess that the are
astonished that effectual) measures are still to be
'taken to check the shocking atrocities detailed in Lord
IBRonetteat's speech. After the numerous treaties that
!have been entered into by all the leading States he Europe '
Ito put an end to the slave tratlie—after the immense sums
igenerously devoted by this country to the accomplishment
of so humane an object—we veers not prepared for the
horrible scenes which the Noble and blamed Lord
;last night so vividly developed in the hearing of
Iher MAJESTY'S Ministers. We had no previous idea
'that it was still customary on board slavers to chain their
tcaptivcs in pairs, or StOW them in barrels, and so fling them
InverhOttrd in the event of any attempt to hoard them by
British vessels. Lord BROUGHAM cited instances of such
' atrocity, which were confirmed by the Marquis of SLIGO
and the Duke of WELLINGTON. The Noble Duke stated
that he had himself proved at the Congress of Vienna that
from 60,000 to 60,000 slaves were annually kidnapped on
the coast of Africa, and that It was usual for slavers
when pursued to confine their victims in casks,
and to throw them overboard in hundred.. These horrors
are not of a remote date. Lord MINTo himself admitted,
that since the promulgation of the Slave Abolition Treaty
with Spain in 1836, thirty slavers were captured by British
vessels, in eleven of which slaves were found. Can it be
,
said, after such an official statement, that the slave trade
is abolished ? And from that d etestable traffic the Duke
of WELLINGTON declares the atrocities mentioned above
—the fettering, casking, and drovvnin:;--are inseparable!
With the speech of the Noble ,Colonial Secretary,
we profess ourselves well satisfied, not, eithstanding the
strong disapprobation expressed by Lora BROUGHAM
in his reply. For the accomplishment of A: holy a
purpose, we would prefer the adoption of any egency
of
in preference to the sword. if the freedom 'the
. t

slave can be purchased at any other price, we are un-
willing that he should owe his redemption to the slaughter
of his oppressors, however cruel. Lord BROUGHAM
is himself too enlightened a legislator not to be
aware that hanging is not the way to convince the world
that Elavery is one of the greatest crimes as well as curses
that can disgrace humanity; and therefore his Lordship
must have allowed his feelings to sway his judgment, when
he contended that death should be the punishment of the
crews taken on board slavers. In his cooler moments it
cannot escape a man of the Noble and Learned Lord's
penetration, that oven on board slave-ships individuals
might be found guiltless of any crime for which blood could
be required as the just expiation.
We have not space to-day to enter into any details con-
nected with the question of Slavery in the Colonies, but as
the subject is one of permanent interest, we shall be
sure to take the earliest opportunity of returning to it. In
the mean time we recommend the debate—and especially
Lord BnounttAm's admirable speech—to. the careful pe-
rusal of every friend of humanity in the kingdom.

The condition of the labouring classes in almost every
country of Europe forms at all times a striking theme for
declamation. By some inscrutable mystery, dike re-
pugnant to the doctrines of religion and the convictions of
moral feeling, the great mass of the labouring classes are,
everywhere apparently, inextricably steeped in poverty.
However true it may be as to individuals that industry
leads to wealth, as to large classes this is positively false ;
for the idle, and those who labour comparatively little,
are the lords of all the riches of the earth ; while those
who toil in our fields or in our factories, at our looms or
our forges, from the first grey peep of dawn to dewy eve,
have at all times, and with the utmost providence and care,
hut a bare subsistence. We all say, it is one of the
maxims most dear to the moralists, and one we arc most
anxious to impress on our children, that industry is the
road to wealth. The Scripture says, "If man work
not neither shall he oat ;" but, in defiance alike of
this moral maxim, and this religious injunction,
the bulk of the labouring classes in almost all
Europe, are and hare long been inextricably steeped in
hopeless and cheerless poverty. Now this contrast be-
tween their actual condition, between their true state in
society and the maxims both of philosophy and religion,
has furnished a powerful weapon to party demagogues in
all ages, by which they have essayed to conquer their po-
litical opponents. They appeal both to humanity and re-
ligion, and while they may only seek to serve the basest
party objects, they may receive credit for the most disinte-
r.:•sted and most philanthropic motives. We do not accuse
Mr. FIELDEN, who brought fel-ward a motion last night
to repeal the New Poor Law, of being actuated by party
views; but amongst those who are most forward in urging him
on, are some whose disappointed ambition, whether birth and
station made them naturally look up to a high place in the
Senate, or whether adventitious circumstances once hoisted
them to an eminence on which they could not remain,
prompts them to use the sufferings of the labouring poor as
weapons for overcoming a political foe. We know little of
the turbulent Mr. OASTLER—King OASTLER, as he is
called—but the violent personalities which he continually
blurts out against those who differ from him in opinion,
warrants us in inferring that his opposition to the Poor-
taw is founded on anything but a love for the poor. Ho
obviously loves and seeks power. Of the Times we know
a great deal, and have no hesitation in saying, from the
diatribes it almost daily pours forth against the lower
classes, that its declamation against the Poor Law is
wholly dictated by its hatred of the Whigs, and its determina-
tion to revenge its own disappointments on the heads of that
party. It would make the world believe that the present
11linisters are responsible for that peculiar and strange con-
dition of the labouring classes, with all its consequences,
which has existed in nearly all times and in nearly all the
countries of Europe.
To repel such declamation, and to take away from the
opponents of the New Poor Law their chief and, indeed,
their only argument, it is only necessary to remind the
public of the past condition of the poor, and then their present
condition, deeply engraved as its hardships may be by party
scribes and party orators, is seen to be one of comparative
improvement. If we are to believe the Herald and the
Times, the OASTLERS, the WALTERS, and the STANHOPE!!
—no poor person ever perished in England for want
of food : no man, woman, or child, had ever to ask for meat.,
raiment, and lodging, without being instantly provided
with them all, before the period when the new Poor Law
received the sanction of Parliament. No view, however,
can be more false, and from the period when vagrants were
scourged, branded, set in the stocks, and even hanged, in
the reign of HENRY the VIII., the care which has been
taken of the paupers, and of the:poor generally, has con-
tinually increased. Now, the new Poor Law, which set
bounds to waste, and applied the poor rates to the relief
of destitution, was no deviation from the general stream
of humanity. Lord Howicr, in the excellent speech he
made last night, set the point in a clear light, and proved
distinctly, however bad may be the present condition of the
poor, that it was far worse under the old system. We
have neither time nor space to prosecute this part of the
subject ; but we hope that the advocates and de-
fenders of the Poor law, will make out the comparison,
much more in detail, and chew by a reference to
various periods of our history, that formerly those
poor persons who are now carefully provided for in
asylums were much neglected, and were even suffered to
perish. We might be induced to say something more on the
subject, did not the crushing division of last night—seven-
teen persons only voting for Mr. FteeneN's motion—con-
vince us that the demagogues who seek to found politiaa
agitation on the poverty and sufferings of the labouring
classes, will find no countenance from any considerable
number of respectable persons. We are bound, indeed
to add that Sir ROBERT PEEL took an active part in op-
posing the motion, and pointed out the mischief which
ensued in various instances from the apprehension that the
law was not settled, and that. the old law would be restored.
As the numbers on the division show, both political parties
in the House of Commons are agreed—and we know no
question on which a division of opinion exiiis in the public
on which the bulk of ow rppresentatit P, are 30 unanimous.
There is nee point conneeted n ith the debate which we
are called on in fairness to notice. The C7ronick4ccules
Mr. HARVEY of bad taste in referring to the provision
made by the late Earl of ELDON for his dog, and insinuates
that his " warning to the patient peasantry of the country"
was still more. reprehensible. We arc free enough in our
own comments not to object to the comments of others;
but when we censure what a Member says, it
seems fair to give his words. When we referred
however, to Mr. limey ee'e speech, as reported in the
Chronicle, to judge for ourselves of his taste and his in-
citement of the peasantry, we did not find in it one word
on either subject. By not giving what Mr. Ilanvev said
the Clienuick does injustice to itself as well as him, for it
fixeito a suspicion that it may have misrepresented his oh-
ser vationg, In the report of the Times the first passage is
as follows
No man could affirm that the average wages of a labourer, with a
Rife sad four children, exceeded Mi. a week, which was little more
than a shillin!c a-slay. Ho (Mr. Harvey; would assert that wages were
much lower in many parts of England. He would instance, from pet-
knowledge, the county of Essex, as affording a very sufficient ex-
arn;i lc. It could not,however,bo asserted that the average amount of agri.
c Rural labourers' wages exceeded les, per week. Why, aiLearnei and
Noble individual who had lately left this world, having thought fit to
leave a legacy for the maintonance of a favourite dog, left almost as
large a sum for the support of a mere brute. It was his (Mr. Harvey's)
conviction that some efficient measures must be adopted tor raising the
rate of wages.
The second passage to which the Chronicle alludes is,
we suppose, what is thus reported in the 77,nes—
If the appeal of the friends of the working classes in that House were
unheeded, the attention of the working community out of the House would
be strenuously and strongly directed towards the subject. And then they
would speak with a voice of power and moral energy for which some Hon.
Members might perhaps wish to see substituted turbulent opposition and
insurrectionary movements. This was a course into which they were
were too wise to be entrapped. While they perfectly knew their strength
they had the sagacity to exert it with propriety.
Now if these passages give the spirit of Mr. HARVEY'S
remarks, we see nothing in them to censure, either on ac-
count of their bad taste or their encouraging violence.

The poor, nay all those persons who cannot afford to
lay in a stock of coals at the commeneement of the winter,
are paying at present at the rate of from 425. to 465. the
ton. Many of these unfortunate creatures, from being
thrown out of employment by the continued frost, even with
pawning part of their furniture and borrowing, have great
difficulty in finding the means of subsistence. By the
operation of the Corn Laws, bread and butcher meat are
raised fifty per cent. above the average prices on the Con-
tinent, for the sole benefit of the landed interest ; and for

the benefit of a few coal-owners in the north,and a clique of
monopolists in the City, the price of coals is raised in a
similar proportion. When the people and the friends of
the people, complain of the high price of bread, they are
met by the cry that the Corn Laws arc necessary to enable
the great landlords to pay taxes, and when they complain
of the fraudulent system adopted for raising the price of
coals, a radical Alderman, who professes to be the friend
of popular rights, throws his constituents overboard, and
advocates this infamous system, on the ostensible ground
that it is necessary to 'keep up the maritime interests.
What a mockery of the wants and sufferings of the lower
classes ! An extra number of collier vessels is to be
kept up to protect maritime interests at the expence
of the consumers, but chiefly of poorest consumers
in the metropolis. The rich pay only a small proportion.
They purchase coals at 205., while the poor pay 455., and
at a period of the year when they are the least able to pay
it. The evidence given before.the Court of Aldermen will
excite the indignation of every reader. After cert4n
facts had been elucidated to prove the baneful effects of
the coal combination, the Member for Southwark at-
tempted to stifle the inquiry, by stating that the subject
was to be brought before a Parliamentary Committee.
The job, however, was too manifest for the Court to stop
the proceedings. One witness stated, and noone ventured to
deny the fact, that but for the present system he could
make one-third more voyages in the year ; that a change
would be for the benefit of the consumer ; and that coal-
owners boasted that they could sell their coals at lOs a ton
less than they now do. Taking into account the increased
number of voyages, and the fall of prices, if the market
were thrown open, coals might be had at about 20s. a ton.
If this worthy Alderman would take the trouble of visiting
not his constituents only, but the poor of the borough whom
he professes to represent, he would witness scenes which
would harrow the feelings of the most callous. He would
find hundreds of families that arc obliged to purchase their
coals from day to day, with difficulty raising money to buy
a half—nay oftener, a quarter of a cwt. to dress their
scanty meal—the houses cold and damp, and the half-
starred mother and children pining under typhus fever,
and other diseases, brought on by the inclemency of the
weather ; and by this atrocious combination—a combination
not to protect maritime interests, lout to put money into
the pockets of the rich at the expence of the helpless and
unrepresented poor. It is a disgrace to the Court of
Aldermen that only two out of the twenty-six raised their
voices against such cruel oppression. We will wait to
see whether they will redeem their character by petitioning
Parliament ; but whether they do so or not, we trust. the
Committee now sitting will do their duty, by disregarding
the selfish statements of a few grasping monopolists.

We have scarcely room to call attention to the Meeting,
this day, on the subject of the Enfranchisement of Church
Lands held under Ecclesiastical Tenures. The subject is
of vast importance, and shall receive our best attention.

The Paris Journals of Monday have nil been received.
They bring no news save what will be found in the an-
nexed extracts:—
The Berne de Paris contains to-day two avowals, which it is proper
to note. One is, that the Duke of Ragusa is recognised by the
Ministry as a Marshal of France, and that his oath in this quality has
been accepted; the other is, that if M. de Bourmont has not been so
recognised, it is because he would not. That we may not be accused of
it sailing the memory of the Ministerial journal, we subjoin the passage
word for word. The journal is speaking of the late debate, raised by
M. de Breze in the Chamber of Peers on occasion of the pension of
Madame de Damremont :—" By refusing to send his oath and entering
without the King's permission into active service its Portuguese army, M.
de Bourmont struck his name with his own hand from the list of
Marshals of France. Has not M. de Breze himself condemned M. de
Bourmont, by taking the oath, by virtue of which he now sits in the
Chamber of Peers ? As for M. de Bourmont, why did he not imitate
M. to Droux, Brcze, M. de Fitz-James, the Duke of Ragusa, and so
many partisans of the late Government, who decided on taking the oath ?
Nothing more was wanting for M. de Bourmont to remain a Marshal of
France."

Our readers will remember that all the accounts from Get.
many stated that Marshal Marraont still wore the white
cockade, at the camp of \Vosnosensk. It is affirmed that the
Commandant Joussouf, who has hitherto seemed to share the disgrace
of Marshal Clausel, is appointed Lieutenant-Colonel of the Spaliis, and
ordered to return immediately to Africa.

We are glad of this nomination, which gives reason to believe that
the Government feels how necessary it is for the future prosperity of
the colony to encourage the services of the natives; who like Joussouf
are devoted to France. It may be remembered that the private letters
from Algiers said that the new Lieutenant-Colonel had been asked for
by Marshal Vallee.-Commerce.
BERLIN, FED. 15.-The last accounts from St. Petersburgh remove
all doubt of the visit of the Imperial family of Russia to Germany, and
the grand reviews near Berlin, which were so frequently announced last
year by foreign journals, will now certainly take place.
The Journal des Debats and other French journals, which spoke of
troubles in Greece, have been seized, which will probably contribute to
make the bad news received from Athens mere generally believed.
A report from Cuxhaven of the 15th, says that the two steam-boats,
the Britannia, Captain Cheeaeman, and the James Watt, Captain Janie_
son, the former bound for London, the latter for Leith, lay still at Cux-
haven. The first attempted to put to sea on the 14th, but could get no
further than Neewerk, where it was obliged by the ice to put back, and
is now at Cuxhaven.-Hamburgh Papers 16th Feb.
Sr. PETERSBURnIt, 7th Feb.-The treaty of Commerce between
Russia and Sweden concluded in 1831, which was to expire on the 31st
of December, 11337, is prolonged till further notice.
VIENNA, 10th Feb.-His Royal Highness the Duke of Lvcca has
arrived here. Mr. Noels the American agent intends to leave Vienna
shortly, to join his family at Paris. The Ambassador appointed by the
American Government to this Court, will arrive about the same time.
FRENCH FUNDS.-Pants, Fes. 19.
Vivo per Cents.. 109 f. 450. 4nc. 50c. sic.
Four and a Half ner Cents. 105 f. 60c.
Four per Cents., 103 f. 90c.
"Three per Cents., 79f. 60c. 65e. 60e.
lank Actions, 2,650 f. 2,675 f. 2,670 f.
?tante de Naples, 99f. 9Sf. 10e.
Roman Five per Cents., 101 X.
Spanish Activist, 111/4.
Spanish Passives, 41/4.
Belgian Bank, 1,5351. 1,537 f. 50c. 1,510 C
Portuguese Loan, Throe per Cents. IS.
Illytian Loan, 3145 t:
115XCNAN08 ON LONDON.
Oeeraonth, paper, 2aL 471 c.; money, 25f. 471/4c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 3fic. ; money, 251.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 100 f. 60e,
Three per Cents. 79f. 630,
Bank Actions, 2,070 f.
Romans' 101 X.
Belgian Loan, 10114.
Belgian Bank, 1,530 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., H.
Spanish Actives, 1”,,.
Spanish Passives, 11/4.
Haytian Loan, 3851.
