rIMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, APIIIL 16.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY, in the absence of tha
Lord Chancellor, took his seat on the Woolsack at half past
four o'clock

CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.
The Duke of GORDON presented several petitions in
favour of the Church of Scotland.
The Earl of ROSEBERY presented similar petitions, and
also petitions against any additional grant to the Church of
Scotland.
Several Private Bills were brought up from the House of

Commons.
MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Mr. RICE TREVOR and Col. EVANS brought up the Fern-
bury Port Harbor Bill and the Westminster Improvement Bill.
The Earl of ABERDEEN presented papers relative to
slavery in the island of Jamaica.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE.
The Duke of WELLINGTON rose and said—My Lord 3,
under the present circumstances I now move that this House
do adjourn to Saturday.
This motion was received with perfect silence, but many
Noble Lords, who had no doubt attended under the impression
that some Ministerial announcement would be made, left the
House apparently disappointed.
The House then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Arna 16.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at half-past three o'clock.

DUBLIN ELECTION.
Mr. MAXWELL, the Chairman of the Dublin Election
Committee, brought up the report of the Committee, stating
that the charges made in the petition could not be
effectually enquired into without very great expense in this
country_; and they, therefore, recommended that a Commis:
sion show(' .e,.t Dcialin to er.c•nire into the same, and
that the Committee should have leave to adjourn till the same
Commission should have made their report.
The motion was agreed to without any observation.
IPSWICH ELECTION.
Mr. PLUMPTRE, the chairman of this Election Com-
mittee, said that one of the Members, Mr. P. M. Stewart,
having been prevented by illness from attending the Corn;
mittee, and another Member being obliged to absent hit-Ilse':
upon pressing, domestic affairs, he had to request leave, all,
parties having agreed thereto, to adjourn to the 18th °I
May.—Agreed to.
TRINITY HOUSE.
One of the officers of the Trinity House brought up the
observations of the committee of that body upon the Report of
the Committee of this House upon Light-houses.—Laid °0
the table.

TRINITY HARBOUR.
Colonel LEITH HAY presented petitions from
Aberdeen, and the Licensed Pilots of the Firth of Forth, ja
favour of the Trinity Harbour Bill.
Sir G. CLERK said he would take the present opportneit,
of requesting the Hon. Member who had presented the pFtl"
tion, and who, he believed, had the conduct of the Trinity liar'
bour Bill, to postpose the second reading of the Bill to some future
opportunity. He made the request solely upon public grounds'
Many large sums had been expended in the erection of doe
in the neighbourhood, which would be very much injured!t
the present Bill were allowed to pass into a law. He thougo
those persons who might constitute his Majesty's Government'
ought to have an opportunity of considering the prow
sions of the Bill. Looking to that, and considering tbc
state of the Government at present, he trusted
the Hon. Member would see the necessity of postponing t,lle
second reading until after his Majesty's Government was
formed, and then, in order that the subject might meet with
due attention, he would make it one of the orders of the day;A
Colonel LEITH HAY did not wish that any thing show"
be done which could compromise the interests of the public;
All he asked and would propose was, that the Bill be •In
read a second time, and he would now pledge himself that
it should not be considered in Committee until a Governrael.
had been formed, and the public interests could be protecteu
If the Bill were not now proceeded with, the delay would oe:
casion great expense and inconvenience to the parties interest
He would, therefore, move that the Bill be now read a sec°
time.
Sir J. CAMPBELL—No man could be more desire°
than he was to promote the interests of all the parties Coir
cerned in this matter, and if he thought that this could be id"
tamed by supporting the second reading of the Bill, be loud,
be most ready to do so. But if this course were adePteth
and the going into Committee postponed, it would peat..
the promoters and the opponents of the Bill to very gr es,
pense. Out of mercy, therefore, to all parties, he was of °Ter
nion that the second reading should be postponed until
the Easter recess.

Mr. HUME—The public had a right to expect a tb g°;t
harbour, and it was the duty of Government to see
this be obtained. If the place formerly selected in°,
found improper, it then became necessary to select an%
ther. This the present Bill effected, and the tiroaec
reading only committed the House to that effect. Al
ro
rest would be considered in Committee. As the promoted
of the Bill pledged themselves that they would not proce
with the details in Committee until after the Governoella
had been formed, and the public interests protected, he
not see what objection there now was to the second real
of the Bill ; and he would propose that that course be adopt°
upon that understanding.
Admiral ADAMS presented petitions from Clacktnanysil
and Alloa in favour of the Bill. He should vote for the !el;
cond reading, in the hope that every possible investigati°
would take place in the Committee.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON could see no possible ground Or
voting for the postponement of the Committee for 14 dare;
He thought it was a mere fallacy to say that the Comlnitaier
should be postponed because the Chancellor of the Eacheito,
was not in his place. He was certain that if that Right
Gentleman were there, he could offer no possible objection t eat
Sir GEORGE CLERK wished to move as an amendalesof
that the Bill be read a second time on Tuesday the 4tbot
May. He was against creating any unnecessary delah a.
in consequence of the extreme difficulties that surrotot,
ed the subject, he thought that time should be giveribscl
the parties for the purpose of examining those plans that
been made, and instituting every possible enquiry into the
ject, so as to enable them to come to a proper deciFionuo
If the House were to go into Committee on the Bill, it cow,
not have the power of making any inquiry into what 6ineci
provements were necessary ; it would be on,ble
most strictly to what was set forth in the reit-, to
of the Bill. He considered that the better way would 'to,
have a Select Committee appointed for the purpose ofin9 is,
ing into the whole of the Report. Under these circuinstaoc:tii
he should move that the Bill be read a second time on the

of May.
After a few words from Mr. Murray, Sir Henry L
arnellr
Mr. Hume, Colonel Leith Hay, and others,
The motion was agreed to. fora
On the motion of Mr. ANGERSTEIN, the PCPt
Pier Bill was read a third time and passed.
The London and Greenwich Railway Bill was read $
cond time.
THE BLENKINSOP DIVORCE BILL. clot
After some private business, the purport of which wasivit•
heard in the gallery, the House resolved itself into a COlll
tee on Blenkinsop's Divorce Bill.

On the motion of Mr. KELLY, filer
Mr. TEED appAred as counsel, and was heard for Mr
kinsop in support of the Committee.
After a few witnesses had been examined, itS3
Mr. HUME rose and said, he hoped the Houser ol'
satisfied that the case had been clearly made e",,
the part of Mr. Blenkinsop. A more complete fare,lig
had never seen than that which had just been exhibited' Olt
if any of the Law Officers of the Crown, or any
the
were to be, were present, he hoped they would relieveliec
House from this mockery. He need only bring to the re° ad
tion of,the House what had been done on former occasioas4r,
he would appeal to the Ministers of the Crown, wheto.)
all reforms this was not one that was most required.--( devote
Whilst they heard every day that there was not time to uetot
to the public business, he was extremely surprisecins to
those who were sensible of this did not contrive Ille4:fere'
prevent the time of the House from being thus inte; ogle
with. He trusted that those who were in office, or thus go sl`
were to be, would introduce a sufficient and timely reform'
to prevent a repetition of this mockery. 001
Mr. PRICE brought up the Report on the lie
Road Bill.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOIJSE• eis
Sir R. PEEL—Sir, having had the honour of r,cfco/101;
an intimation similar to that which I received on
and on which I.then proposed the adjournment of the
until this day, I now beg leave to make a similar te°tli"o .;•J'
effect and to the purpose that this House, at its rising,
journ till Saturday.
Noble -;;;0,

Mr. GEO. SINCLAIR--I wish to ask the
on the other side of the House, whether aueY ve",t
has been done with respect to the formation of
Government ? The greatest excitement has Proltioa
throughout the whole couritry since the disapolitr
of the late Ministry, and on every meeting of the 1005
ment the House has been amused with such e%Pial OP!
as had just now taken place , The Noble Lord, intile iu 001
of two resolutions, had er ,deavoured to persuade d° but
that a new Ministry co' ald immediately be produce '' 00'
vith 11'
think that Hon. Gent) emen now will agree s crw
Gof it
he has found it more .easy to overthrow the late too
ment than to erect another. They have jti3,el 6e.
°'
more easy to destroy the Doric column of a Consenclo,
vernment than to resto re the composite order of a W
The eloquent, manly, and statesman-like address of tlicouotri;
Hon. Baronet has mule a profound impression on diem ac
and I am sure the people will have more confidence " can Id
head of the opprisition than in any Government that
in
formed without 'nim.—( Cheers.) „
Lord JOHN RUSSELL—I feel extreme diMeticipa
oF
replying to the propositions of the Honourable GOation
in making any communications respecting the ft/rx.ii'l so fa,
rit"V "billet. Yet, at the same time, I,`„vl Cosc"
as lam ainu., eonsisteLt:;,- mY duty to t'" race
as well as to this House, make ever disclosure,,e diss°l
it in my power to do. I have only to state that on the
it in my power to do. I have only to state that O for
lution of the late Government, his Majesty Sept
ceuc
Grey, and that acting upon his advice he was induced tu 1•11
to Lords Melbourne and Lansdowne for their advieeb'etwei
result has been that communications have taken pl3ce urely
his Majesty and Lord Melbourne, but as they were Pi r,l 54,t,
a confidential and preliminary nature, I do not
the r''stfot;
at present justified in acquainting the House Itvilua•it. daotor`o:
of what took place. But, I will say this,
think that Lord Melbourne will be definitivelYcoon;
rised to lay down any plan for re-constructing the Gov
until Saturday 'next.
cr
Mr. GouLaußN and Sir T. FREMANTLE brought u_PriPle3a.
which were laid on the table.—The House then 06.0 u
