A CitALI,LN(4I;;.

. and Co SUrgeon4 Imo in
iltijesty's service,' challenge the whole, world toi
ove a single itiLtance where their medicine and ftnethod of
cur.: have tailed 01 the desired ellW. The. practice at many.
years in this particular branch of their protession, has not
given use to one unsuccessful rase.
They continue to direct their -studies to the treatment and
cure of venereal complaints, and that derangement of the sys,
ten which is the'entiscquence of the pernicious and wasteful
effeas of a .habit long and most unh4vpily pursued by the
youth:oti both sexes. in the one it will be,timod to be. the
unfailing source of barrenness'; the other have its ravages fa 4
tally developed to them by a distressing state of debility.
which it riot timely .remedied, terminates in impotence.
these are its remote and ultimate ettixts, while 4.00%1.1011"

ilon, less ot tnuscii tar power, and various nervetis comp taints,
usually charaoerise the cattier stages of this solitary vice,
Of persons langnishingunder the disorders theid;nt to such a
habit, their treatment is simple', and has never proved tinsuc.
eessfut iii the course of a laborious, and touch extended
pratUce. In the most Obstinate and complicated eases Of vv.
nereal infeetion such as etistruClions in the urethra, ;:Dungy
Ltd turners, cations ulcers, crupbams, semi-
nal weakness, gleets, ago.
' STR.I CTUIt S,

W !tether recent or of long duration, and which have bat.
tied the skill 'of other PraCtitioners, are by their present nil.
proved plan of treatment, elfectually and permanently cured,
without the Patient suffering the excruciatingr 'and
alarming heinord;age which arcquently folloWs the applica-
tion, of the lunar caustic. •In the course of.twenty years
extensive practice in this Metropolis, numerous cases Or
Strifures have been and are daily under their care, the total
eradication of which is o'de:tett by a sate, certain, and ex pe.
ditious mode of practice, superior to any other yet adopted.
'The weakness, relaxation, and debility proceeding from this
complaint are speedily removed, and the ,Patietit restored to
;mond and vigorous health. But where the debility has for
years existed,. A proper perseverance in their resturailve
aftcr the Stricture has been destroyed; is indispensa-
bly requisite to revive the slumbering sparks car life and to
reaniniate the constitution.
Several Noblemen and Gentlemen,of the first respeaa.,
bility, have been under the care Or Messrs. Currie, AM CO.
tOr the removal of complaints of the Urethra, Stricturea, eire,
and having received a radical and permanent Cure,o request
;that reterences may be given tti them,- as sittisf4e.tury evi•
dances of the dedsiva superiority of Cu rrielintti CC's.
plan of treatment. Many of these Centleinen have had *trio-
tures front r, to ao years, and had been under the care of
Meztsrs, flume, licavi_iide, and other Surgeons of .equal
Arctic; who 'attempted the cure by the application of. the
Lunar Caustic, wittieut success,
MeiSrs. Currie and CO. may be consulted. by either six
with the Arpatest delicasq, secrecy, and lionour, at their
house, No. 107, Hatton-garden.'
Patients in the country are requested to state the part ix'ar.
ass of thcir case,:age, and general habit of Oro. &e.
inclining a remittance for advice and inediemes, when the
sante will be .given or sent to any pail or the kingiloin. Co
ensura that s
secrecy oessential to their undertekingi tlw post •
, .alic of lettsiti may be added to the account for tnektwictei.
9(lt klattonlattlObi,

'.:/ 4....
/4- , ••-- ...-. ,
t'•
.1.46.t1;7P.- ~.."4,1.4"
~,,.....11,..
,•••
..:4.0 , •, . '
ee ~,
~
E.) iq' —‘
1 .0 .1,,,i0
.;( i

[PRICE SIXPENCE HALFPENNY.

PORTUGUESE SUFFERERS.

Farther Communications to the Committee at tits City of
London Tavel n.

non via 1118110 P or Loinao.

Lanni:), Itmet3,

lire Bishop of Lairega being, informe.l of the no-
ble and generous beneficence which • his 13. itannic
111aisSty haf beenpleasedlo_she%v to%Vacds the Pot tu.
guse nation, labouring, 'tinder the rrto4 calamitous
cliitrcss by ihe French invasion, and of the appoint.:
ment of a Committee tor the .distribution at this
mast chartable donation, represents in favour of his
diocesan.s, that the French army have made frequent.
incursions over the greatest part of his,, dit;ctse,
and even, been some days in possession of the capi-
tal, it appears to him that they havejust.telKon to
hew, that-the munificence and charity, of his 43risl
tanuic Majesty;, and other benefactors of Inat
moit respected Kingdom, will be extended toward;
them.

It is true, that.. thejeivagzs in the diocese of La.
Megri,,although great,,art; not to be compared with
tixue of 1,1,01)(31, win Of (nstell9
Branco, end the Pattiarchaie but it i 4 certain, that
Lamegq.experi,-neecl-in its diocese* villages laid
waste,—families ruined,--estates destroyed.---mur-
ders, --conflagrations, —innumerable rubticirie9,......
and numbersreduced to great indigence, particiiiiiriy.
in the 'district of the Coa, which, borders on the
lands most injered; and from these causes agriciii.,
tore kin the most abj,,ct stale, and the ivjery will
prove most distressing, not only tt this diocesc;' but

to the kingdom.
voncoes for this representation, and %lib
f-ttne'teAcort ventures to flatter, himself that bis e.
itio will be granted, without prejndlee' to sou
bishopricks, which deserve greater attention becatiso
their losses have bgerr more extensive.

~FROM .THR PRELATR OF,TIIO,MAR.
Thornar, lune zs, Olt 1.
' -
The provident commission you lave peen Pleased
to confer on Me, by I,!tier, reeeivod the firth inst.
is a farther _proof of the. rak h incom4)aborn:laity of
the generous British nation, which must not only
be highly pleilsing to our august Siivereign, but fills
our exPe6laiions to Obtain,' by its crthrts,'n
restoratien Of 'our independence, ti 4 it does oat' spare
any expenee-%yliatever tor the preseryalion of so many
-precio..ts lives; which, after hat relieved front
the vilest and most cruel slavery, it has taken antler
its pternal care;
siluatioin of all places inva,lec.l by the common
enemy is SO diTiorably wretched, that those wit,o
c,caped with life, still groan iinder hunger; ittdi-
gince, and misery and the Inhabitaiitcof.thiS loon
Nvaidd, alruitly have' been the victims, of death, had
not the active and zealous MagiArate of this place,
in conjunction with., some other persons influencerd
by the satnezeil'and charity, Cone forwaill to thtlir
daily maintenance, (these, very. persons being pat t of
the unfortunate inhabitants of this town, antround.
10g.% illages, and of some more 'distant places) ; so
much so, that even yesterdgy more than three
drett peytoos were fed on soup and beef, amongst
who,n were olore thane hundred innotent and dr.
sated orphans under ten years of. rtie,l But as
ai,..att.s, of those charitable *persona who hate
I concurre,d
.0' this pions r.i6tion are limited, and ad
other r)i;aurces arenearly exhausted, it is to be
Oteheilded it will not be kept Op many days.
For this reason,• after giving you ciLo thanks for
the.generOlt'S preSilt of t 200 mil-reas,, with which
for the present you have been pleased to assist the,
ible inhabitants of this town and, ittt bishop.
ride, l venotre,,itt uniting my prayers Wlttt those of
the poorinnoeent
.children, to request you to direct
part of that. money, the distribution of which is en-
trusted:to my care, for the maiotetnince of these
poor orphmi, until other measures can be taken
meantime, assistanee Will he given. to the other la.
,who are oppressed by hunger—this being' the
prima!y, cause of so many malignant fevers, which'
navel:anted' thbusands to the grave, and depopn.
hued the invaded, provinces. ' However, I shall al.
ways conform myself to .your dircaioris, yraying
to God tor the prosperity of the generous British.
Nation.

PROM TUC VICAR•GRNORAX. OF ORLDOS.

Obidos, August 7, du.

I have had the honour of receiving your leVer of
the ,49th of July, and with it an order to receive
tour hundred mil•reas, to be divided amongst the
hol)',t.its of my district, in proportion to their lie.
cessities.

I anf obliged to acquaint yon, that there could
not have been a more proper application. of the said
sum, since the hospitals are, the public asylum of
ht.t unfortunate, and; paTticulerly n the present pe.
rioJ, deprived as they are of- their utensils, in eon-
sesinenee.of which theycannot Tender soano-
the unhappy applicants who resort to thetit it is
my duty fartheo to represent to ,you, that i 4.) my
altaiitat there• are (out -hospitals, .viz. one. et One
place, QUO tit A4cobaco, one at re.derneiro, and. OLIO
at Peniche..

I.ll:'(vo.net learned that this last.has suffered any
injury ; on the contrary, I ern perstntded its linen is
inortus, ct, since the greatest,ort of th,4 heking'ing
Ito this hospitat was sent there, and was mise4 vvith
In regard to the other three betip.ititis,
consider them wanting in necessaries in en eqUai
degree, for they were an robbed of it.
For this reaoti, I have ju4ed it proper to divide
the quni in question in an eq4ai proportion -amongst
tit three hospitals, in order that they tnay be pro-
vi,kd h Niemand other _requisites, that they may
con! 'quo to vtruld the reessary rissistatiLe io Ilap
poor„

God prefierve mlny yetit9, &e.
(Siiit)cd) "1"4:: Niwar-Genwal ODID(s.

Jilt.- ',. 'vs:4%A
~I,t`•
772r;:,:f
..•, fl'
..-, ''' ....."
' AS.' '"1 '
'll4iC V
‘''. NI, :
' ' '

I,
-
