THE SUN, LONDON. MONDAY, SEPTEMI3ER 7, 1t440.

heads of the Church are constantly crying out
about " spiritual destitution," and the deplorable
conditioh of the vast masses " living without
GOD in the world," they are rioting in weal, I),
making a gain of godliness, and laving on men
heavy burdens, which they will not touch even with
their little fingers. This is a frightful description,
given by one of their own body—one who knows
them well, and whose authority, if we had not other
sufficient reasons, we should take for Gospel.
Will the people of England submit longer to this
system of oppression? SYDNEY SMITH thinks not.
They are good scholars, and can easily see that if
Prebends and Canons are curtailed of their fair pro-
portions, there is no reason why the rule should not
be made general, and 60.0001. per annum be levied
on the Bench of Bishops for the " spiritual destitu-
tion of the Church." There is only one part of this
admirable letter with which we disagree. " You
are fast hastening," says the writer, " with the ac-
clamations and gratitude of the Whigs, to Lambeth,
and I am hastening, after a life of seventy years,
with gout and asthma, to the grave." The
Whigs would not be such madmen, even if the am-
bitious Bishop would give up his present immense
income for a paltry 15,0001. a-year , and a vain title,
and we confidently believe that SYDNEY SMITH
will defy gout and asthma till he sees the same
measure meted out to all the drones of the Church
that has been meted out to him and the sleepy
functionaries of cathedrals.

There was one remark made by Dr. SMILES, at
the Leeds meeting, (Sun of Saturlay) to which
we are anxious to attract the attention of the
middle classes who are hostile to the Corn-laws
I ant satisfied that it needs only that the middle
classes should come forward and prove themselves
in earnest to excite the cordial aid and co-operation
of their working-class brethren." We entertain the
same opinion, but we regret to add that the middle
classes have not shown themselves in earnest in pro
curing any reform since the year 1832. Notwith-
standing the noble exertions of the Manchester
League, and of a few individuals in most of the
large towns, we are compelled, by our sense of what
is due to truth, to assert that, the middle classes
have not shown themselves in earnest in procuring
a reveal of the Corn-laws. Never was a cause
more proper to call forth the enthusiasm of the
bulk of the nation than that repeal. It in-
volves the pecuniary prosperity, the physic
and moral well-being of all. The life and death of
multitudes, the honesty of the society, the con-
nection between the different classes, the con-
tinuance of a decent respect for the Legislature, are
all deeply concerned in the continuance or repeal
of the bread-tax ; and yet the middle classes have
been lukewarm or supine. London, to its eternal
disgrace, made no stir that is at all remark-
able. Had one-tenth part of the earnestness
and sincerity been exhibited in this great
cause which was called forth for the aboli-
tion of slavery, the Corn-laws would before
now hare been abolished. In our estimation the
latter deserved to excite as much enthusiasm as the
former, and is, in every way as great, as moral, and
as religious a question. The middle classes have
thought otherwise, and they have been neither sin-
cere nor earnest, much less enthusiastic, in getting
rid of the giant evil.
Why is this ? The supineness of London may
enable us to answer the question. The wrong-
doers are the landowners,. and they are largely con-
nected with the money dealers. The landed
aristocracy are yet very generally looked up to by
the middle classes with a kind of feudal reverence,
which ought to have ceased when the warlike vir-
tue, and the protection from which it originally
flowed, were at an end. The middle classes tremble
to be honest if the landowners invite them to sanc-
tion their plunder. In other towns, as in London,
but them to a great extent, many tradesmen arc tic
pendent in part on the expenditure of the :and.
owners, arid they are averse from defending them-
selves against the legal exactions of their employers.
Unhappily, too, the middle classes have had a
horror and a dread of the lower classes preached
up to them ; and many of them would rather uph(ild
the dishonesty of the bread taxers than in any way
excite the hopes and the enthusiasm of the multi-
tude. From reasons like these, we believe, but we
speak under correction, the middle classes have riot
shown themselves in earliest in demanding a repeal
of the vilest tax—not even excepting the Poll-tax,
which excited a rebellion—that ever crushed the
industry and happiness, arid nourished the discon-
tent, of a free people. Many bitter consequences
will flow from this, and amongst them may be
reckoned the continued estrangement of the different
classes, which has induced the lower classes to elect
leaders of their own, and has made them perse-
veringly demand an immense change in the Consti-
tution, which, whenever effected, will produce one
of the most exteesive revolutions in our political
society which have ever taken place since the inva-
sion of the Northern tribes destroyed that Govern-
ment which Imperial Rome had established.

France relaxes none of her preparations for war
I❑ proportion as the tone of the Tory Press has he-
come moderate, has the Cabinet;assumed a more de-
cidedly hostile aspect. The KING, the principal hope
of the peace party, has been Compelled, by the impru-
dence of Count MOLE 'and his friends, to make a
display of what his M AJESTY really does not feel
—approbation of the Oriental policy of the Presi-
dent of the Council ; while the disaffection of the
working classes, which in .England would militlte
against war, is in France the most likely thing in
the world to precipitate it. The bubble glory, to
be acquired by the extinction of races of their
fellow-creatures who never offended them, offers an
easy and a sure remedy.'for every social and politi-
cal evil complained of by the fickle, unreflecting
populace of France. An unscrupulous Minister
need only plunge the nation in war—no matter for
what object—to silence the clamours of noisy de-
mocrats and starving artizans. The operatives of
France have yet to learn that war is a game played at
the expense of the industrious classes. The men with
the horny hands and the stout hearts must supply
the waste of treasure as well as the waste of 1)10 id.
Kings fight not now-a-days, and Cabinet Ministers,
in the depth of their anxiety to maintain untarnished

le national honour, pocket their salaries without

e shadow of an apprehension of falling before the
fire of the enetn, or suffering the deduction of a
penny to supply the deficiencies created by war itt
the State Exchequer.
war is a game wh ch, were their subjects wise,
Kings would not play at."
But we tear it will be long yet, before the popular
wisdom which shall prevent an indulgence in the
game of war be genetally diffused through the work-
ing classes iu France. It is to them what the bottle
is to the drunkard—a source of wild, exhilirating ex-
citement, to which they would have recourse on
every occasion of discontent. Whatever be the evils
they suffer they invariably trace them to others,
and never by any chance to themselves. They look
everywhere but at home. If they find the Government
oppressive, they discover the cause in the proximity of I
RLasian, Prussian, and Austrian despotism, and are I
ready to march in hundreds of thousands upon the
Rhine. If bleed be dear, the Austrian tariff is
blamed ; but not a word is said about the tax
amounting to a prohibition of Guinan beef im-
posed by the Chambers to protect French corn-
growers. If the price of manufactures be too low
for the remuneration of workinet., the aufferings of

the people are boldly attributed to the com-
mercial rivalry of England, upon whose shoulders
are visited the natural cons,luences of the bad
laws, the inferior skill, and the want of enter-
prise which combine to render French labour pro-
fitless of gain. We are here speaking of the great
mass of the French operatives. Exceptions we
know exist in Paris, and among the workmen of
Lyons ; but ninety-nine out of every hundred arti-
zans see no evil in their physical or political con-
dition which they do not at once attribute to some
Power with whom they are eager to be at war.

Our Government is not inattentive to this state of
the public mind in France, and by no means forget-
ful of the unscrupulous character of the Minister
who now sways it at his pleasure. Without noisily
responding to the warlike preparations of our ally,
measure shave been silently adopted, which, when
made public, will diminish all fears professed by cer-
tain Tor) oracles fur the safety of Old England.
We learn with pleasure that our wooden wails are
by no means in the. crazy condition represented by
the Times ; and that, even without the aid of Rus-
sia and Austria, we are still in a condition to cope
with the boasted navy of France in the Mediterra-
nean. It is not long since the National demon-
strated very clearly, that a fleet to be higlik effi-
cient ought not to exceed twenty-five ships,
and that the greatest naval victories were obtained
by a still inferior force. If victories depended
solely upon numbers and weight of metal, an im.
mediate rupture would give a slight preponderance
to France, which preparations now making for the
speedy augmentation of our squadron will remove ;
but those best acquainted with the naval aim of
England know that such is not the feeling that
pervades the stout hearts constituting its glory and
its strength. It is a question of men no less than
ships. Let those who think otherwise, look at the
magnificent fleet of the SULTAN riding in the har-
bour of Alexandria.

Havi►►g sta:ed this much for the satisfaction of
our readers, we will, after the example of our
Ministerial Parisian Contemporaries, calmly awa►t
the development of events. When great nations
prepare for war, it would be presumpitious to
plead against the possibity of its occurrence—the
non-existence of a reasonable ground of quarrel.

The Allgemeine Zeitung just received brings the
following important news from the Turkish capital.
If the note of which it professes to contain the
substance, was actually addressed by the Freuch
Ambassador to the Porte at the instance of his
Government, we have certainly no reason to com-
plain of any want of moderation on the part of M.
THIERS. The advance of a Russian army of
protection upon Constantinople would startle Eng•
land as much as it can do France, and is certainly
not contemplated by many of the staunchest sup-
porters of the object proposed to be realized by the
Treaty of London :

CONSTANTINOPLE, AUG. 17.—M. de Pontois has
at length received new instructions from Paris. Pro-
bably in consequence of this he has addressed a note
to the Porte, reproaching it for having entirely ne-
glected France, and concluded a treaty with the other
great P.)wers, which appears definitely to fix the futur..:
relations of the East. France, he says, cannot but see
with regret that it has been passed over in such an im-
portant question ; yet on this occasion it will still show
its moderation, and " not throw any obstacle in the
way of a blockade of Egypt and S)ria ; but France
will be obliged to renounce the part of an' inactive
spectator as soon as events shall have proceeded so far
that a Russian fleet shall enter the Bosphorus, and a
Russian army be employed in the defence of the Otto-
man capital."
If this note is really founded on M. Pontois's in-
structions from Paris, which can hardly be doubted, and
if the Cabinet of the Tuileries is firmly resolved to act
accordingly, we may coriclude from the expression which
M. de Puntois uses what the future conduct of France
will be. Any arguments wil be superfluous.

-The foreign intelligence which will be found in
our columns of this day is Wighty importani.
From Paris, from Madrid, from Lisbon, accounts
of revolutionary movements pour in upon us,
heiphren the gloom with which the prospect of
an European war has already overshadowed the
political lior:zon. The Paris Journals of Friday
and Saturday, the whole of which we have re-
ceived, treat the strike of the workmen of the me-
tropolis rather lightly ; but, in the suddenness and
the unexpectedness of th:s event, we can only dis-
cover the greater ground for alarm. One Journal
states that several of those taken had gold in their
pockets, thus showing that it was riot want of bread
that compelled them to turn out ; but here, again,
we see the greater cause for serious apprehensions
on the part of the Government. It may be that dis-
tress first prompted the working classes to me-
ditate a turn out,but everything seems to indicate that
they will not now be content with work and a
higher rate of wages. They regard themselves as
not represented in the Legislature, and, setting their
rude wits to work, plan Utopian schemes for the re-
presentation of trade interests. They naturally
enough fall into the errors of those who have hitherto
claimed the sole privilege of governing them, and
find a panacea for every evil in the Parliamen-
tary representation of rival interests, instead of
taking the higher ground, and reconciling them one
with the other, and each with all.

The insurrectionary movement in Madrid was
the consequence of the promulgation of a Rojal
decree appointing a new Moderado Ministry.
The QUEEN REGENT, who remained with her
daughters at Valencia on the 28th ult., was fast
losing all the popularity which she acquired three
years ago by proclaiming the Constitution. Among
the crowds assembled to witness her arrival in that

city, not a voice was raised in welcome greeting.
" Down with the Avuntamientos Bill, arid dissolve
the base Cortes who passed it," were the only
shouts that reached the Royal ear, as her MA-
:LT.:STY passed through the city. Even the civic
authorities prepared no welcome for the REGENT,
and the influence of General O'DONNELL was re-
quired to obtain for the Royal family the civic box
at the theatre. Still her MAJESTY, with an infa-
tuation for which we cannot account, persists in
setting the will of the army and the populace at
defiance. Already the embers of a Revolution,
which may hurl her august daughter from the
throne, are kindled at Madrid;
nor shall we he sur-

• prised to hear that one of the first steps of the Ultra-
_

Lberalparty
will be to deprive Queen CHRISTINA
of a Regency, the duties of which she has proved

_ .
ing u.schar
( . o
betNelf incapable o
of Spain. b for the welfare of

The disairction in Portugal
is equally deplor-
able and disastrous. There is them a faction be-
hind the Throne whose baneful influence is robbing
the QUEEN of the affe(lions of her people. It is

supposed that the chief of this conclave of intriguers
is no less a person than King
FER DI NA ND, who

is not content with the regal title
without having a
share in the direction of public affairs. At all
events the QUEEN and the Government are alike

unpopular, au
d
the nation gloomy and diseontented.
Money
scaice, and the little talerrs possessed by

the officials is employed in humbugging
and over-
reaching the Foreign creditors. Thus, look in
what way we will, dark clouds overspread the poll-

tical horizon.

On the Eastern question we find leading articles
in all the Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday.
The Con alitutionnel of Sattnday
morandum of says that The
Sun attempted to prove the correctness of the me-
the Five Powers, but advanced no

conclusive argument on the subject. This is a
very easy way of dispos►ng of our proofs. The Con-
stitutionnel would not have ventured to adopt this

free and easy style had our article been transferred
to his co'utnns.

The Marseilles Journal Of the Isf S^oternber pub-
lishes iwtVS from the Lo,ant, of which the following !s

tit. Sib:a:lnce

From Constantinopk to Alexandria, and in Syria,
sass the Sod, a dangerous ferment ,tion against the
Christians appears, and seems to justify the expectations
of Mehemet Ali.

Aibania is in ..00tion, and the people of that province
openly declare for Mehemet.
The Greeks are resolved to profit by the embarrass-
ment of Turkey to endeavour to extend their bounda-
ries. If their proposals on this subject are not accepted
hostilities will probably commence between King Otho
and the Sultan.—Gazette de France.
BIii.7SSELS, SEPT. .s.—Mr. Hector Wel!rock set out
yesterday tor Wiesbaden, with despatches trom the Go-
vernment to his M +jesty. These despatches are sup-
posed to relate to the affairs Of the East.
The Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxem-
bourg has just published a second edition t+f its tariff of
customs corrected and considerably enlarged. In the
second e+:ition the regulations for the transit of goods,
which vv-e,e omitted in the first edition, have been in-
serted. In general :dl articles are charged with a transit
duty of 0,871 florins for 501b5., which is a high duty.

1-IOURSE.—PAftis, SATEIRDAt, SEPT. 5.

irst Highest Lest last
Prire Price. Pricy. Price
French 5 per Cents ll3 fio 113 r 0 ... 40 113 50

tnerl ents lO2 75 2 75- 192 75 ... 102 75

79 0 ... 79 f's
—let 5 ...1065

3 per Cents 79 25 . 35 ...
'ant, of e'rance
Atitt 06
...) 0f35

5,0001. sh 5llO ..:5145 ...5!40 ..51:2 50
(,ig,an Bank
5 her Cents
3 er Cents
,nanish Ac ode
Psonye 6 ... 6 ... 6 ... 6
Old Deferred 6 ... 6 ... 6 ... 6
Nea,olit.v.
Portuguese 3 per Cents 22 ... 22 .. 22. ... 24
kililart

RAILWAY SHARES,
s:. (;erina,
ersatlles, It B 4511 ... 4-0 ... ,50 ... 45n
LB.
irlean, .
S rastairg to Bale 255 ... 255 ...:352 50 ... 3& 50

The crafty old Pacha of Egypt, as the Morning
Chronicle calls M,hernet Ali, has written to the new
Grand Vizier, Raouf Pacha, in which he says that he
has the most profound respect for his lord and master
the Sultan, who has not a mere devoted subject than
himself. "I am resolved," he adds," to defend myself
to the last extremity, for the defence of Islamism is con-
cern,d. It is possible that I may fall in the conflict,
nut I shall at least have the consolation of dying for
the cause of religion and the Prophet." The old gen-
tleman evi,lently und.lstands the art of " bam" quite :is
well as any of the It•verend Theban who practise it
daily amongst ourselves.

EXTRAORDINARY EXPRESS

FROM PARIS.

COMMENCEMENT OF COERCIVE MEA-

SURES AGAINST MEHEMET ALI.

The Paris Papers of yesterday contain matter
of considerable importance. The Moniteur pub-
lishes the following bulletin :

" ALEXANDRIA, AUG. 20.

" Commodore Napier, on the 14th, summoned
the Egyptiao authorities to evacuate Syria. He
issued several proclamations, which he addressed to
the Emir Bechir, who sent them to Mehemet Ali
with new professions cf his devotedness."
Advices, dated Malta, September 1, announce
that the British steamer Alecto, which left Beyrout
on the 24th, and Alexandria on the 27th, arrived
in Malta on the 31st.

On her departure from Beyrout Commodore Na-
pier, not having succeeded in obtaining the evacu-
ation of that city by the Egyptians, had anchored
farther out with his four ships.
The convoy of Turkish troops had not arrived.
Syria continued tranquil.
Admiral Stopford was before Alexandria with
three ships of the line, one frigate, and two British
steamers, with two Austrian frigates and a corvette
Mehemet Ali persisted in his refusa►. Alexan-
dria enjoyed the most perfect tranquillity. Rifaat
Bey was still there.— Times.

S S

Ptn G—(THIS DA

LONDON, SEPT. 6.—Wind this diy, at noon, fresh
south-westerly breeze, and fine weather.
DEAL, SEPT. s.—Wind N. W.. mo 'erste. 6.—Wind
S. W.—Arrived the Nourmahal, Kir ktp, from the Cape of
Good Hope ; Ide, ditto; Duke of Bronte, Harris, Ja..
inaica; ERIa (barque), westward; Buckinghamshire,
Nloote, Bombay; Planet, Freeman, alls,maica. Sailed the
"w-17,7;sta:.mo'r.,daer. 5 and 6,—Wind moderate.
the Label Shaw, from Antigua. sailed en the Ist ; the
.lane, Roberts, and Lady Ann, Pam, from Newfoundland :
Queen, Mobile; Dahlia. Si. John's, New Brunswick;
blinder Quebec; Britannia (steamer). Woodrulle,
Hsli-
tax ; Dennison, Jones, Rio Janeiro ; E-k, Adamson, Per
aartibueo; Albion, Duly. Demerara; Minehester, Hinter,
Newfoundland ; Black, Bitavra ; Eozib,th Wood,
CrGsb, J,,ntaiea ; St. Lawrence, Glover, New York;
Heuch. 14.1(erzie, Piotou ; Catherine, Evans.
Otl port, the Al. zaoder Grant. Savannah.
PLYM .UTH, SEFT. 6 —Wind variable.—Sailed the
Dumfries, Thumps, n, for 6) dovy, New South Wales.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. W S. W. to N. W., fresh
oreezes. 5 —Wind variable.—Arrived the Royal Tar
(steamer). Brooks, Gibraltar, le t 27th ult., Cadiz, 28th,
Lisbon, 31st, Oporto, Aug. Ist, and Vigo, 24. Sallee
the Lapwing (picket). for Madeira, &c., and Brazil. Off
port, the .Liati Hall, Elliot. 0 Tessa.
MARGATE, SEPT. s.—Off port, the Lord J. Russell.
Brock, from Pugwash.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, SATURDAY.—The
sales to-day are 3,000 bags, chiefly American, to tilt-
trade, at 3esterday's (polar ons.
LIVERPOOL SHARE MARKET, SATURDAY.—We have
had es dull market this week for Railway Shares, but
we not, find much stock pressing for sale. The Direc-
tors of the Eastern Counties Railway have come to the
resolution to create new shares of 251. at 18 discount.
or 71. per share, to be paid by easy instalments. The
amount they expect to raise through this scheme they
calculate will finish the line to Colchester, when it
is supposed it will become a profitable concern. The
registered proprietor of one old share will be entitled to
one new share. The new shares in the Great Western
Railway, about to be issued, have been sold at 34 to 3i
premium, and New Eastern Counties at 31 3i prem.
We have received the Journal of Antwerp of yester-
days's date.

THE MARRlA'S.—(rlifs DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.
Last week's arrivals IA ere small of Grain. but
considerable of Foreign Wheat :Ind Oats; and there w,s
a short fre,,h supply of English Curn. The new Wheat
COPTS chiefly tenth r, and %Nag .01c1 at 2a. per qu.irter re-
duction from last Monday's prices; foreign met some de-
mand at the terms of Friday. New Barley sold at
3to. to 40:. ; old unaltered. • Beans and Peas as last
quoted. There was a slack demand for Oats at the terms
of last week. hi the Flour trade there was little done at
last quotations. The duty on Foreign Wheat is expected
to be 6s. Bd. on Thursday next.

PRICES ON BOARD OF SFIP
Wheat, Red (old , 56, 70s Beans, Small, new) c —..—
White kohl) (Ch. 76: (01(1) ...... .. 46 50s.
Red 11.14.11 sls. vO,. Tick (new)
-- Fine f"ls. 6:— • —.----. (old)
Superfine ifs FS,. ---- Harrow (new) --N. ,
White (184, )....58( 65,. ---- ((Ad)... 44 , 41411.
-- Fine l 6 ills. firank
... s.
-- Superfine 7, 74, Oats, Feed 24.. Bs.
--Foreignfree CO. 74,
Ryt. 'iss 4ns Poland 2,'1,.3.5.
Barley 3os. 38-, New s.
Grinding 30s 3ls Potatoe :12 . 3 !s.
Malting 38s. 4Cs.
Malt 565, 65s Scotch ;, 3.1.5.
,--- Fine New tki, 745. Irish 255. ... 27 .. NJ,
Pease, Grey, New ...40s. 425. Flour Town ;per -ack)....m. r •:s.
Maple New 4.ls. 46, Seconds '6 .5- 6.
White 40s. 425. Ns.rth Country.... 52 f,5 .
Boilers 43s. 455. Bran ll . 12t.
ARRIVALS OF GRAIN IN LONDON DURING LAST WEEK.
fl% heat. I Barley. k)aus. , Flow-
-5,642 qrs. 978 qrs. 1.495 qrs. i 4,7,7 SACK. '
5 1,266 i

English
Irish.

Foreign I 55,534

1,~-
2ft,7~9

320.u5,

SMITHFIELD MARKET.

Buyers acre numerous, and although the supply of
Beasts was large, and of Sheep and Lambs an average
number, all was sold. Beef maintained the advance of
Friday, and prime Devons command an advance of 2z., but
other descriptions of mutton were unaltered ; Lamb did
net realize the advance noticed last market day by 4d. per
stone ; for Veal and Pork a fair trade; Beet 3s. 2d. to
4s. 61 ; Mutton 4s. to ss. ; Veal 4s. Bi. to os 6d. ;
Lamb 4s. 4d. to 5s 6d. ; Pork 4a. 4d. to 5,. 6d. ; Beasts
3,381; Sheep and Lambs, 24,540 ; Calves. 132 ; Pigs,
534. Hay, 41. 4a. to ss. ss. ; Clover, 51. to 6/. 6s. ;
Straw, 1/. 18s. to 21. 2s.
HOP MARKET.
The price of all kinds of H.ps continue on the ad-
vance, and a large business continues to be done, prin.
cip4lly by speculators. The duty was backed at 30,0001
Thee price of the fine new Kent Hops ;vas 161. 16s. 10d.
per cwt.

TEA MARKET.
There was very little business done in this article, aid
the tendency of prices was doamward. Company's
gou sold for cash at 24. 21 pt r lb., and common free
trade description rated at sbout the same price.
TALLOW MARKET.
The prices of Russia Tallow were supported with mu-h
firmness, but the trade still buy cauti,usly, an 1 a small
amount of business was done. The price of P. Y. C on
the spot was 52.. 91 to 534 per evit.

EVP,NTINTI PimTitr'

ano-ion to the hilutnous crorhAn or, ri a ril nisi bon
n,orluis pion 'it tut .tas,s th,tt "great and man+fild :IF bet
.ere," she trratit. tilt' pity 80cle
cAnnpsicri,tion of the 4,un,tni:l.ity it thu whr;',; events 01,
her domeitie file were hi:oils,.
v
