AUSTRIAN MILITARY REPORT.

We have been favoured with the Austrian
tnry Repart of the battles of teipsic, 'dated Oct.
19. The conclusion of this important document
is as follows !

" On the. l9th, at (lay-hrenk, the enemy
held in force Zwey•Naundorf, and the windmill
in front of the suburbs towards Sunnewitz. The
general attack was renewed at seven in the mtien-
ing, and the'enetny deiven towards teipsic. Mete
he sought to gain time to withdraw his troops:,
artillery, and baggage ; for which purpose he sent
a dog of truce, proposing to deliver up the rest or
the Saxon troops, on condition that LeipsieshoaM
not he attacked, and that the French garrison,
with all the property ofthe army, should be allow.
ed freely tc, dvpart.

" %Nis pi °posit' was rejected. The Allies
were already masters of the suhotbr.,--the enemy
wished still to continue the defence of the city,-
into which the Allies were already pouring their
tire. The Saxon troopi who were in the place,
suddenly turned their 411113 against the French--
a Baden regiment of infantry followed the exam:,
plc of the Saxons—the affray became universal—
the enemy were thrown into the greatest' confit-
sionevery individual thought onlv of hie own
escape, and the Allies were inasteri of the city."
After enumerating the trophies of these signal
victories, the Report proceeds as followi
Prince Poniatowski, who on the lath had
been appointed a French ,Marshal, 'when he found
that Le could not escape by the bridge over .lip
Elstcr, endeavoured to cross time river on horses-
bark ; and, according to the account of one Of
his Adjutants °lade^ prisoner, was drciwned lri the
attempt.,
" This, evening eight Polish infantry regiments
have abandoned the enemy's standards, and come
over to the Allies.

'' 'the field of battle, three miles in length ,and:
cs many in: breadth, on which there has hem
nearly t (tree full days fighting for the inikpeuilettee
of Germans' and the repose of Europe, is sit thick-
!y bespread with the dead bodies of the enemy,
that the loss of .the French array at all points may
he computed at 30,000 men at the lowest. The
total loss of the Allies in killed and woundedmay
ho estimated, at the highest, at 10,000 men..
" The three Allied 4ionarchs were deri4 the
decisive, battle of yesterday, on the heights be
%whim mu! Prohsthayda, the eye Witnetses
of the extraordinary yalour of their troops;
"
His Imperial Majesty invested, on the.
field of battle, Field Marshal the Prince of Schmitt-
zenberg, Commander-in-Chief, with the great
cross of the order of Maria Theresa : his Majesty
the Emperor of Russia wtaa also pleased to confer
nnnn hiu nilihnote the nritior of

Ire have no language to convey to tic Public
olir exultation at the glorious tidings it is this
day our happiness to communicate, 'notterms of
triumph sufficiently energetic to' address to our
Cwintry'while we call upon it to rejoice With us
in another of those ever-memorable events which
mrspielous..efa are fulfilling the immortal
work of Etirope's deliverance. 'llot,Lsriu is
FREE.

. 'Tbe ,tr9vements of a People arc always su•
:--grand iu horror,' or magnificent in
lWatsty. Of . the former class has been that
Air&tdful Revolution of which we saw the begin-
;ling twenty-five Years ago—which, since that
:yet iod has deluged the World in blood, and de-
'voted to death a greater number of human beings
'than a century would consume—and of which,
•
thank llearen, we arc now.. contemplating. the
conclusion. 'of the latter description is the srden-
ditl spectacle of an entire people rising at once,
itt, appearance, terrible in power, tre-
rinons in union ; rising, to assert the in-
herent rights of man, to shake off
,the chains
of slavery, to will 'their own freedom and in-
deptmdaaee, to overturn and punish their oppres-,
t r This is the godlike work in which Batavia

is engaged and, we record it with feelings of no
ordinary pride, it is to aid her in its accomplish-
Ment that her sons have conferred on Great Bri-
tain the high, the honourable, the enviable, dis-

tinetion of applying in .the' first instance to us
for succour and ass'stance. To snelt a)call
"Oar Clovernment have replied ni became them-
selves and their country. They have ordered

every disposable soldier in the country to sail for
Holland. The STADTHOLDEIL himself de-
pal is
.this day, accompanied by Sirtecit flondred
a the Guards belonging to the•llavrtsu KiNo.
From the coast of Kent, we believe, Seven Thou.
x4;.,7(1 'of our gallent Troops ate'ready to sail on the
same enterprize-7an enterprize wiArthy, of Eng-
lishmen, to sustaiii a.brave people in the restora-
tion of their freedom, and confirm a legitimate
Prince in his recovered rights.

we not hope that this is bur the type and
.forerunner of it similar revolution in France, and
that the same TimPe 'which sees a:Prince of the
grt:at-House of Orange re-established in the au-
thority of his Ancestors, will also see a Sovereign
of tNe illustrious race of &nub:on re-seated in
lah feet r,,wPr upon the throne. of Saint Louis
that the fall of Usurpition and breaking to pieces
(It. Despotism will he universal ! Yes ! we have
every reason to hope, and, what is better, to ex-
pect this most desirable result. lite hely-flaineof it
berty is expansive. it %sill not rest in one place
•it will not be confined to one country. prom
Spain it spread into Germany ; from Germany. it
Was comnannicated to Holland ; from Holland it
will go forth, in irresistible splendour, into France,
and in France it will Maze, 'with blessed fury, till
the Tyrant and his satellites are consumekl.—Fice
le resound to Orange Raven till the 4ett-
.
yens ring with the general acclamation, and man-
.
him', after an age of saffeting,.. will again taste,
with renovated and augmented nppetite, the de-
lights of returning order and peace.
_ _

On the arrival or-Baron 'Pitapat:64En and Mr,
'P&G tyliS issued 00111 the Admiralty,
al:-(1 th. eveniog of 4-ester/Jay Tito Ciazote
tijalnl.W it y rtt)e,uinezi in 9itr preee:ling columns,
wa, p,ro.nnlgated ; the Pork. and Towin. gaps, at
s:l.j.ne time pealing put,tlte, joyful news to the
Itevolution' is molt etimplete,
and, wt• rejoice to guy, has been effected with lit-.
tle bloodshed.
,Solpe tumult's arose at .Alleer-
(lion) vvi,icb a few lives were lost, and other "ex-

~, . .

~ ~ ~r

,geoil a Cause Stained by an nnticcess;lrva
erifice of live g: Those Who have
,oppressed and
misgoverned this country Will be held responsible
for their crimes, and should the Cnrsicttn Aare
again to attempt It - subjugation, the Dutch will
avenge :themselves nobly in the contest—This will
be their War Song--
Lay the proud T7iurperi low
A T;Tant Calls in every foe
Lilserty's•io every blow !
Let us do or die

At the time of the departure of the Commission-
ers from the 'Hague (on Friday, at 2 O'clock in the
afternoon) .no person was suffered to appear with-
out an Orange cockade. This disposition of the
people was entirely spontaneous. •
The concluding passages of the Orange Boren
cry (np with Orange) in the Gazette are un-
usually animated and cheering-r-" what has teen
suffered is forgolten—every one renders thanks to
God,* times arc restored." We shall add no
comments CA f our own to weaken such admirable
expressions of a nation's feelings.

141.1 rnru TTIE LORD :11.‘YOR.

" FOREIGN: OFFICE, Nov. 21, 1813.

" M Lorn,—l have the honour td acquaint
your Lor4lship that Holland has been in a great
measure already delivered from the French yoke
by.the spirit of the peeiple, and by their ancient
attachment 'to the House of Orange. Commis-
sioners have arrived in this Country, deputed from
the Provisional Government, to ..invite the return
of his Serene Highness the Prince of ORANGE,
and to renew their former ties of Friendship and
Alliance With Great Britain. The Enemy were
rapidly evacuating the country, and the 'Native
Authorities had been established at Amsterdam,
and throughout the Provinces of Utrecht and
Holland.

" I have the hooour to be. &e. &c.
CASTLEREAGH.

"To the Right Hon. the LORD tYOI%.
(A true Copy.) " WM. DOMVILLE, Mayor.'

Government are in hourly expectation of re-
ceiriu iniportant dispatches from Lord
Wur.;ttxoTox. The following Letter from an in-
telligent ()Meer 14s just reached us, and will pre-
pare our Readers for that species of news likely
to arrive. No one can doubt but that Ministers,
who have obtained eternal honour tor their Ad-
ministration, by their vigorous prosecution of
this mighty contest, have directed a great effort
to be made in the South of France, in aid of the
cOininon cause, at this grand crisis.

"Ilead-quarter;4,Frapee, Nov. Bth, Nlgoday, 8 A. NI.
• " Lord WELLINGTON returned fl'ollt a particular
reconnoissance latolast evening._ The morning rain
having increased the deplorable state of the.roads,
especially on the right, a General Order ;as in-
stantly circulated and sent to the flanks, recalling
the letterso(instruction, and countertnandin the,
orders for adyanee. When the moon rose last
night the weather instantly cleared ; to-day we
have every appearance of some hours dry, 'after
which we shall intmediately proceed ; every thing
is prepared.
". Lord WELLINOTON has issued a Proclamation
in French-and niseayan, assuring the inhabitants
of his protection from pillage, Exc.

We this day give copious and most interesting
extracts.from the French Papers to the 17th, the
arrival of which we announced on Saturday. 'We
then stattd that their contents were very tavourable
be found more satisfactory than could.
almost beauticipated, even in the wreck of thetisur-
per's hopes. Another tribute of 300,000 lives is
demanded to prop the Tyrant's sinking throne, but
though, his Senate and slaves may decree the hor-
yid sacrifice, we will not think so vilely of
human nature as. to .imagine for a moment
that the. people of Vraoce are s'o utterly broken-
spirited and chxreded as to submit ,to the
ntonstrouS oppession. We have no space to ob.!.
serve, at the. length we wished, on the tone of de-
spair.in whiah Bt otorAETE speaks. His despon-
dency is conifprt to the world. France cannot
bear tl.e inerettse4l iinpohitions necessary to sup-
por_t her infani9,os desTot.

We have also given ''very large ,extracts from
the German, Paper, of which 'we were also on
Saturday enabled to state the u tence. Upon
reading 'over
.our Berlin Gazettes : to the 26th; we
find the follOWini it; be the only important fact
not otherwise known to the puhlie !

" 8ERL..7,. OCT. 24.i—Acoording to accounts
received here last night a great - broke out .at
, .
Dautzig on 'the tvening of the 19ch, and. at the
depayture of the post on thai day, half the city,
auwains. to all appearance, was in flames. `rhe
lipmhartlincilt was at the same time britzkly con-
tinitecl."

\S have the derails of the actions of the 11th,
12th, 1311 i, 14th, '&0. in'which the French Papers
claimed the adviinoge—L•the reverse was the case.

• •
Adtniral',Yovsto..llo6 Thorned to the Downs.-
- _ . • _

pense of :nur North Sea et et, upwards of
Trillions annually, will be saved to the Coun-
try. We' have heard that the Dutch were called
out ant! armed as conscripts to be marched against
the :Illics ; but no sooner did:they get the arms
i la° • their hands than. they turned them against
tLcir oppressors.--Orange L'cwen !

The Oil .oninium is at 9, and the New at 611;
Coffee has advanced 12s. per cwt. and all markets
ri,ing except' Corn ! ! !

We desire tn call the public attention to the
excellent Address to the SPUAKER among our Ad-

vertisements.

The DeputatiOn from the Hague reached toWn
yestert4ay morning, within fifty hours of its de-
parture from Holland.
The Commissioners came over in an open boat.
They arrived at the Admiralty yesterday morning
a little before ten o'clock, and had an interview
with Viscount Met:ell-LE. They afterwards
shove to the Prince of ORANGE'S house, who
lost no time in accompanying them to Vis-
count CASTLEREAGH'S house, in St. JATIIeS'S.•
square. His Serene Highness and the Noble
count waded npun the Pat NOE REGENT.Ut CLUitUII
!louse about halt past eleven o'clock. His Royal
Highness received them most gracidusly with the
glad tidings of the deliverance of Holland. They
remained in consultation till two o'clock, when
Viscount CASTLERUAGII left Carlton House for
his Office, where had given orders to sum-
mon .a Cabinet Connell to assemble at•that hour,
on his receiving notice of the arrival of. the Dutch.
Commissioners. The .Prince of ORANGE left
the PRINCE REGENT soon after the Noble Se-
cretary of State, and followed him to the Fo-
reign Office, where his Serene Highness and the
Commissioners attended in an adjoining room to
where the Cabinet Council was sitting, to be in
readiness to be called in to give information, Bic.
to Ministers. The Council continued their deli-
berations till near tour o'clock. Atter their break-
ing up, his: Serene Highness, and the Cominis-
sioners had interviews with Earl BATtiURST at his
Oflice,'andVisconnt Mf.I.VILLR at the Admiralty,.
to make arrangements for the departure-of hisSe-
ren'e Highness for Holland.,
The statement of
,Lieutenant M`litt.Loe being
the nag Lienteuant- to :Admiral YOUNG, is wholly
false: he is in that capacity to Admiral Muattax,
the Commander. Chief at :Ninth Yarmouth,
from which port, and not Peal, as stated, be
cause with the Dutch Deputation.
Lieut.-General DE BALASCHEFF,
to the Emperor of RusslA, his Suite, lauded
oil Friday night at Lowestoft', out of the Lark
Packet froth Gottenbuigh. He is sent by the
Emperor AtexAtiora for the purpose of investing
the PRINCE lUGENT with the lb der. of St. Andrew.
The Packet. did not bring any news of importance.
The General • and .suite arrived in town on Sa-
tatrstay. lie left Toplitz on the 4th instant, and
brings confidential communications Isom. Lord
CATHCART, were forwarded to thtI.rUINCIS
REGENT. The General is of majestic appearance,
about 40 year 3 of lige.' Miljol* PAItkINSON,
two other British officers, and a Spanish Mes-
senger, came by the same conveyance. The Lark
saw the. lust lialtic.convs y flout this country off
the Scaty on the sth instant.
Yesterday, atter •the Prince of ORANGE: bud left
the" PRINCE REGR-Nr, the Duke of CASIBRIDGE
had -an interview with his Royal Brother,'. and
about three o'clock left tom) for Windsor, as is.

supposed for tl,u p urpotie: of taking leave: of the
QUKP.N.•

The Duke of Baussw/cK has made I►i?.final ar-
rangen►euts for leaviug.England. llis Ilighnesf,
however, retains his house at Vauxhall. . • _

. .
Count Mu I,OTE it will ticcolll pally tic Duke of
CAMBIuiIL. L ;Throw'. ..

The i,:;tti LIVERPOQL bad a long audience
%%Atli Viscount Mci.vu.Le at the Admiralty this
morning. •
It is said, that a Message from the rumor. E-
'GENT will be delivered to Parliament this day.
On Saturday the Princess. of %V Acs and tier
household removed from K.msingtonvalace, to
her,Aloyal Highness's new house in Connaught
place. •
, The Nottingha4Militia arc doing duty in the
Park and at St. James's instead of the Guards, a
detachment of which have marched off this
morning.: _

'The whole of the officers, and more than two-
thirds of the men,liclonging-to the We&tern reti_
ment of Middlesex. Militia, at present stationed at
hai.e, it is said, •in anticipation of
Lartl CASTLEREAGH'S plan, volunteered, for foreign

' Lord MINTo, it is supposed, would. leae Cal.
Nitta, in the Hussar frigate, about the end of July.
The Espoir sloop of war arrived on Saturday af-
ternoon at Portsmouth, from the Mediterranean,
with dispatches from Sir E. PELLew, and was in-
vainly placed under quarantine : the dispatches
were received yesterday. The plague still conti-
nued at Malta.. '
The Lotidon, BaowN, the Princess, ROCIERS
-Spanish Patriot, ilonosoN, Llizabeth,
from Oporto .to LondOri, Iris, anisoN,sfonn
ditto to Lynn, and Talavera, -Uitow:,f, from Lis-
bon London, are taken and carried into Calais.

We. understand that 11r...1)014-will shortly lead
to:the Hymeneal Altar she amiable and accom-
plished ,1%1 iss oat
A Mutton was made On Tnesday last in the
Cohrt of. King's licuch,:Doblin, to set aside the.
verdict obtained against 11Ir. :MAGEE,. the_ pro-.
prietor of The 'Dublin • Evening The argu-
ments of Counsel hoth,sides occupied several
hOurs, and the Court adjourned the further hear-
•ing of the case. • •
Gti.tso.-7-The battle :between Painter and
Alexanders took place at 11.1ohlsey Hurst,.on
Sa-
turday: Paihter WtS the, victor: The:battle lasted
nearly ,10 minutes and conyrised 21 rounds of
hard tig,hting.. Painter ranks high on the boxing
the navigator, 'beat a heavier Mall
Avithout'i scratched face, 104 a third hattle taiik
olaec, after Which: the.iportt! • concluded at dark.
Enspere, expressed, himself slenked at su
•• • •
