PRICE OF OIL.

Ripe Oil, brown 496. Os. Refined ••••••• £5O 0
Linseed Oil ............w00...............*N0w.e*P0wwwwwenve. 33 0
I.,useed Oil Cako.at the Mill, per thousand l 0
Rape Cake, per ton 7 7

PRICE OF POTATOES.—Feb. 7.

Kidneys
Scotch Reds
Marsh Champions....
Oxoobles and Shaws

0/. Os. to 41. Os. per ton.
3/. 15s. to 41. Os. ditto.
41. Os. to 4/. 19s. ditto.
31. ss. to 31. 10s. ditto.

WHITECHAPEL HAY AIARKET.—Feb. 5.
Hay
344. Od. to 35.. Oct.

RAW LUDES.
Per Stone. s.d. to s. d. Per Stone. s. d. to s.d.
Myst licitors&Steers3 03 4 I Ordinary
4 2 8 Market 6 6 each:

Polled

SHEEP SKINS.
2s. ed. to 3s. ed. J Downs Is. ed. to 2s. Gd,
Welch Is. al. to Ig. 4d.

LEATHER.
Per lb. d. to d.
Tanned Horse Hides., 15 18
Spanish Ditto 20 23
Per dozen.
Calf Skins,. 36 to 4(tb. 15 18
Ditto 56 to 701 b. 20 26
Ditto to 801 b. 18 21
Small Seals, Greenland 'xi 211
KET.—Feb. 7.

PRICES OF
Per lb. d. to d.
to :Alb... 15 22
to 661 b... 16 2.3
Dressing 14 16
Fine Coach hides i 6 18
Clop Hides, 35 to 4011). 13 111
Ditto 40 to 451 b. 14 16
Ditto A... ./ 16 18

COAL MAR.
Hebburn Main 325. 6d.
Ilolywell 3.2 6
Killin".worth :LI 3
Ord'sßetihugh 29 0
Pontop Windsor, 29 6
South 27 6

Banfielsl 33 6
Willington 33 6
Wylarn 33 6
Walls End Bell and Co. 33 6
WallsEndßewicke&Co. 34 3
Walls End Boundary 31 0
Walls End Callerton...... 28 9
Walls End Carr and Co. 32 0
Ditto Heaton 34 4
Walls End Hilda 32 6
Walls End Hotsintr....., 33' 3

Ditto Northumberland 33 U
Ditto l'erkins and Co—.. 33 3
Walls End Russell's-- 34 0
Ships at market, 74—Slii:

Walls end Newmarch.. 335. od.
Ditto Walker 34 0
Lambton Primrose 3:3 6
Russell's 35 0
Walls End Hettou 36 0
W. E. Russell's Hetton 36 0
Ditto Norwood's Ditto 32 0
W. E. Cleveland 29 6
Ditto 2i 0
Blyth
Halbcath tB 0
Pembertonflangennech 36 0
New Flockton, Milne

and Co.
27 0
Wardc's!Llanclly 35 0
Cowpcn 3l 0
33 0
Hcbburn small 19 0
Stobart's small 23 0

sold. 21X-Unsold, 491 A.

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT ON THE MAN-
cliEsTeu. AND LIVERPOOL RAILWAY. —We regret to state
that a fatal accident occurred on the railway early on
Tuesday morning last. The deceased, whose name was
WILLIAm TEWBURN, was one of the goods guards, and
was attached to the Twin Sisters, an engine adapted to the
conveyance of very heavy loads of goods, but which, as
it travels at a much slower rate than the other engines, is
used only during the night. On Tuesday morning the
Twin Sisters brought up from Liverpool twenty-seven
waggons, loaded with goods, and arrived at the station
about two o'clock in the morning. The load having been
delivered at the warehouse, the engine was transferred to
the other line of railway, and the guard, unknown to the
engineer, got upon the tender, and stood upon one of the
bosses or cushions, by which he came in contact with the
carriages. The engineer started for the engine-house,
for the purpose of taking in a fresh supply of coke ;
and, as the water in the boiler had goli rather low, he com-
menced running her backward and forward for the pur-
pose of filling the boiler, the pumps working only when the
engine is in motion. The sudden shock occasioned by t'e
change of motion caused the guard (who was probably
benumbed by long exposure to the cold), to lose his hold ;
lie fell with his body across one of the rails, and the re-
versed motion brought the wheels, first of the tender and
then of the engine across his body, by which he was in-
stantly killed, his body being, in fact, nearly cut in two.
He was a young man, had very recently entered the ser-
vice of the railway company, and leaves a wife (to whom
lie had been married only a few months), in a situation
likely to become a mother in a short time.—Manchester
Guardian. •1:

Mr. HOWITT'S Book of the Seasons, or
Calendar of Nature, contains, in addition to a great mass
of entertaining matter, a complete list of the migrations
of Birds ; a copious list of Garden Plants, which come
into flower in each month ; a Botanical Calendar, including
a select number of the most beautiful British plants, and as etymological catalogue of about 300 of the most remarkable
Insects, a notice of rural occupation% and also•ono on
Angling.

PARLIAMENTARY REFORM MEETINGS.

WARWICK.

The meeting for Reform took place at the Court House
in this borough on Wednesday last, pursuant to the re-
quisition, and was very fully attended. About half-past
twelve o'clock the Mayor and Mr. Alderman Edwards
entered the large civic apartment of the Cetirt-lionse ; dud
were soon after followed by John Tomes, Esq., M.P.,
Aldermen Collins and Burbury, the Rev. Dr. Wade, and
Messrs. W. Collins, R. Tomes, J. Twamley, H. Lamb, J.
Goodhall, R. Sanders, S. W. Haines, W. Griffin, J. San-
ders, J. Enoch, &c. &c. The Worthy Member on his
entrance was greeted by the assembly with several rounds
of applause; end the arrival of Dr. Wade was announced
with a very flattering testimony of public approbation.
T. Joetes, Esq., Mayor, having been unanimously called
to the Chair, briefly stated that he had called the present
meeting in compliance with a requisition most nume-
rously and respectably signed, which he held in his hand.
The Rev. Dr. WADE proposed the first resolution.
Gentlemen, it is such petitioners as you are, who can as-
sist the endeavours of a reforming, and defeat those of a
non- reforming, Government. By your co-operation you
will supply well intentioned Ministers with a refutation
of the taunts of boroughmongers and anti-reformers, that
people of political integrity do not want a Reform. Your
meeting, and meetings of such a numerous and respectable
body as yourselves, all over the kingdom, to State an
opinion upon the great question before us, trill speak in a
voice of thunder to all Parliamentary proprietors. It will
teach all who are interested in perpetuating present abuses,
that private emolument must give way to public good._
that the inherent birth-right and unalienable liberties of
Englishmen are not to be bought or sold, like cattle in a
market—that the eternal privileges of our countrymen are
not to be the usurped property of Peers and rich Com-
owner•s—that the Commons House of Parliament shall be
what it ought to be, the organ of the people's wishes—
" the express image" of their will—and not the machine
of oligarchical pride or gain,—(Cheering.) Hence the
unjust wars, profligate expenditure, exorbitant taxes, and
overwhelming debt. Hence, as Mr. Hume ear, " one-
third of the House of Commons is permitted to live upon
the taxes." Hence the infamous Pension List, containing
such a locust-cloud of place-holders, sinecurists, male and
female, pensioners, noble and ignoble paupers, the sons and
daughters, brothers and sisters, and whole lineage of cor-
ruption, that rob the industrious of the fruit of their in-
dustry, and despise those whom they plunder.—(Cheers.)
What brought about the first revolution in France, but
the long continued monopoly, avarice, end contempt of
grievances of the people by their Parliament ? What pro-
voked the second glorious revolution of last July, but a
junta of tyrants, who endeavoured to deprive the people of
the blessings of a free Press? What can save us, I would
ask, from utter ruin, hut a timely Reform, an immediate
recurrence to the first principles of the Constitution ;—in
a word, by the House of Commons reforming itself?—
(Reiterated cheers?)—Gentlemen, the Reform I want is
not a prelude, but a preventive to a general scramble. It
would not unsettle any " vested rights," or " fixed insti-
tutions," which were worth preserving. It has nothing
alarming in it, except to tax-devourers and greedy
boroughmongers. On the contrary, Reform signifies a
correction of reigning abuses. The objection that Reform
is innovation, we fling back with contempt on the cor-
ruptors of the Legislature; for they are the innovators-e-
-we are the renovators of it. Corruption has had too lung
a reign. Who are the corruptors now ? Not the King !
God bless him ! His Majesty is the advocate of Reform,
economy, and a reduction of taxation. No; it is the rich,
overgrown, ambitious oligarchy, whose unconstitutional
power is equally opposed to the just prerogative of the
King and the interests and rights of the people. Gentle-
men, I rest our claims to snore extensive suffrage, not
merely, as some do, upon the ground of right (though that
is the best of all grounds,) but upon the ground of inheri-
tance also. The tendency of our most ancient institutions,
however they may have been interrupted or suspended, has
always been in favour of " popular privileges ;" and in sup-
port of my assertion, I may refer to the annals of our
country, from the reign of Alfred down to the time of
Edward I. Such a Reform as the necessities of the
country now require, can only be effected by a great exten-
sion of suffrage. Gentlemen, such arc the objects which,
in my humble opinion, we ought this day to petition for.
Let but the point of the wedge be admitted, and public
opinion, that moral via ec tergo, will scatter all opposition
to fragments. The commutation of tithes would of neces•
sity fellow ; a measure which would increase 'the happi-
ness of both priests and people, and secure to the pastor
the affection and respect of his flock. Reform would say
to that ruthless, bloody Moloch the law, " Siste, Curni-
fex I" you shall no longer create crimes for the purpose
of punishing—the Game Laws shall not make the wife a
widow, nor the mother childless, by the gun in the field,
or the gallows in the city, for the sake of preserving a few
partridges and pheasants ! You owe it to yourselves, your
families, your King and country, to withstand the machine-
nations of the Ultra Tories, who would perpetuate the
evils that have been accumulating for upwards of four•
hundred years. Now is the time to set the vessel of the
State free from the rocks and quick-sands that surround
her. Everybody should put his hand to the cable, when
a sailor King commands.
The close of the Learned Doctor's address was followed
by shouts of-applause. Dr. Wade then moved—
" That this meeting consider it to be a duty to support, by the
public voice, his Majesty's Ministers in fulfilling their pledge of
retrenchment in the public expenditure., and the removal of the
existing abuses in the representation."
Mr. JOSEPH SANDERS briefly seconded the resolution,
which was put from the chair, and unanimously carried.
D. W. BURBURY, Esq. in proposing the second reso-
lution, said Reform was absolutely necessary. Every re.
fleeting mind must agree with him that there did exist
that necessity—(Cheers)—for, if they looked back to the
page of history, they would see that originally the House
of Commons had been called together by the King to ntake
laws for the protection of the lives and property of the
people; and representatives for that purpose were chosen
by counties and cities, and the principal towns. But the
inevitable change of times and circumstances, and the great
fluctuations of commerce, had now reduced many of
those principal towns to places of the utmost insignifi-
cance. It was therefore quite inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of England that such places should now return
representatives to Parliament, whilst towns of great popu-
latien—the seats of vast commercial and manufacturing
wealth—possessed no such privilege, but were compelled
to rely for representation on Members who could not have
a local acquaintance with their wants and their interests.
The worthy Alderman concluded, amidst loud cheers, by
proposing the following resolution:—
" That the House of Commons, as now constituted, is not in
our opinion, a faithful representation of the people, and that so
long as it remains In its present defective state, it is in vain to cx.
pest a redress of the various grievances under which all classes
of his Majesty's subjects have so long laboured, and which fill
every reflecting and well-regulated mind with the most serious
alarm."

Mr. E. Ivas having seconded the resolution, it was
carried unanimously.
W. COLLINS, Esq. in an animated address, which was
repeatedly interrupted by the cheers of the meeting, [im-
posed the third resolution. The King had called to his
councils Ministers expressly pledged to effect a Reform in
Pat Earnest, a retrenchment of the public expenditure, and
to preserve peace at home and abroad. Those Ministers
did net want either zeal or ability to effect these great ob-
jects—they only wanted the support of the people—
(Loud cheers)—and as we had a real constitutional King
and a real constitutional Government, it was our duty to
give them our public support, and unite our efforts to
strengthen their bands in rooting out corruption from the
State. The people would not longer bear the present
state of the representation—(Cries of " they won't, they
won't")—and in the language of the Poet Laureate, in his
better days.—
. _

" Easier were it far
To hurl the rooted mountain from its base,
Than force the yoke of slavery on men
Determined to be free."
(Cheers.) He would wish meetings like the present uni-
versal throughout the kingdom, as a sure and certain way
of compelling Government to do their duty, if reluctant ;
or enabling them boldly to perform that duty, when aided
and assisted by the public voice. Mr. Collins concluded
his speech, amidst the reiterated cheers of the meeting, by
reading the following resolution
," That this meeting deplore that any of their countrymen
should be guilty of those acts of outrage and incendiarism which
have unhappily disgraced various parts of the kingdom, but can.
not refrain from ascribing them to the lamentable pauperism
which is the result of an intolerable burthen of taxation, occa-
sioned by long and destructive wars, by expensive establishments
in time of peace, by sinecures and grants, by immoderate and
unmerited pensions and useless places, whereby a sum of money
people, astounding in its amount,
thereeritned springs ofproductive industry."
3r . n
H. LAistsnm sseconded the resolution, which, like the
andis wrung
ri u
ruinousg from
in aipimrepsu
former, was carried by acclamation.

Mr. Alderman COLLINS moved, and Mr. SANDERS
seconded the fourth resolution, which was also carried
unanimously. It was as follows.—
" That this meeting is impressed with the conviction that this
excessive taxation could not have been imposed, nor this lavish
expenditure allowed, by a House of Commons fairly and freely
chosen by the people."
'JO&IAU TWAMLEY, Esq. proposed the fifth resolution,

which having been briefly seconded by Mr. Alderman En-
wAttn§, was put to the meeting :
" That this meeting conscientiously believe his Majesty's pre-
sent Government deseive the confidence of the people, and that
they will honestly and faithfully redeem the pledge they have
given, if the people will zealously and firmly support them. That
with this confidence, and for the purpose of aiding them in the
arduous task they haVe undertaLen, this meeting will not ven-
ture td recommend anv particular mode of Reform, with the ex-
ception of the Vote by Pallot ; but again repeat their solemn and
unanimous conviction, that unless it be a real, a substantial, and
effectual Reform, the country will be grievously disappointed,
the consequences most appalling, and even dreadful to con-
template." .

. --
Originally this resolution was put to the meeting with-
out the words printA in italics, viz. " with the exception
of the vote by ballot,"—and was received with mingled
and reiterated shouts of "No, no; no pledge," and " the
ballot, the ballot,"—when
Mr. TwAriLEY was a little surprised at the dissatisfac-
tion expressed ; but if any person objected to the resolu-
tion, he hoped they would come forward and state their
reasons.—(Cheers.)
Upon this Mr. E. Tuts was of opinion that no Reform
would be effectual unless accompanied by the ballot, and
begged to submit the following resolution ;

" That this meeting is of opinion that no Reform will be com-
plete and effectual without the vote by ballot, which will alike
check the shameless bribery and other base and scandalous prac.
tices, at present so common at elections, and at the same time
will protect the dependent voter from the dictation or oppression
of power."
This was seconded by Mr. W. Tilts, and received with
repeated cheers.
Mr. Jo IN Excien thought, if those who objected to the
resolution would give their attention to it, they would find
it was in perfect accordance with those which had pre-
ceded it, and left it fully open for the vote by ballot to be
subsequently proposed ; and
Mr. TWAIoiLEY added—Wi don't enter into any details
as to the particular mode of Reform that may be desirable
—as to this or that borough being disfranchised, or the
representation being given to this or that large town ; but
leave the question open.--(This was received with loud
cries of " The ballot, the ballot !" and the above clause
Was ultimately introduced into the resolutions, which was
then passed amidst loud acclamations and three cries of
" No, no, no.")
WILLIAM COLLINS, Esq. was decidedly friendly to the
vote by ballot, for, from what he knew of the Aristocracy,
he had no doubt there were many other noblemen ready
t exclaim with the Duke of Newcastle, " Shall I not do
what I will with mine own ?" }le believed the ballot was
the only safe and certain security for the honesty and free-
dom of election, the only protection from every species of
improper influence.—(Checrs.) They might as well at-
tempt to navigate a ship without water, as hope to be
honestly represented without the ballot.—(Loud and con.
tinued cheering.) At the same time he thought that the
-amended resolution would carry all their wishes, without
the necessity of stultifying themselves by passing another
resolution to the same effect.

A desultory conversation then ensued between Dr.
Wade, Mr. 'rims, Mr. W. Collins, Mr. Twandey, Mr.
Enoch, and several other gentlemen, which terminated in
Mr. Tims consenting to withdraw his resolution.
Mr. RICHARD HIORNS, in a brief speech, proposed the
sixth resolution.

" That the petitions founded on these resolutions be presented
to both houses of Parliament; that the Earl of Warwick be re-
quested to present the one to the House of Lords, and the Mem-
bers for the borough the one to the house of Commons; and
that they be all earnestly requested to give it their most strenuous
support."

In doing so, he said their worthy Member (Hr. Tomes)
had always supported the liberty of the subject, and, there-
fore, of his strenuous support of the present petition, they
could entertain no doubt.—(Cheers.) lie did also hope
that their other Hon. Member would support it, and he
felt great confinlence in the brlief that the Earl of War-
wick would support it in the House of Lords.
Mr. Jouw MORRIS seconded the resolution, which was
carried without a dissentient voice.

Mr. Joins Exocit read the petition. In moving that
it be adopted by the meeting, Mr. Enoch said, that at the
end of George the Second's reign, the public debt was up-
wards of 125 millions of pounds; hut the money expended
in the reign of his successor was 2,357,411,262/., and the
public debt was increased to 1,249,276,363/. This alone
was sufficient to account for the misery and distress of the
people. And how had this been expended, but in corrupt
grants of pensions to the aristocracy or their families—to
their wives and their daughters, even as low as to the paltry
sum of .1501. a year.—(Cheers and laughter.) In the
corrupt House of Commons, nearly a million of money
was thus paid away by those who have to vote the taxes
wrung from the hard earnings of the people, acquired by
the sweat of their brow, and who were sent there to be the
guardians of the people's rights and properties. This sys-
tem of corruption could be checked only by a thorough Re-
form in the representation of the people, and that, be be-
lieved, could he fully secured only by the vote by ballot.
The petition having been ;Lead, and seconded by Mr.
FARMAN, was carried with elects.
On the motion of Mr. IlicirAnn Ihottss, seconded by
Mr. TWAMIXY, the following gentlemen were appointed
a Committee to carry the various resolutions of the meet-
ing into effect, viz.:—W. D. Burbury, Esq:, W. Collins,
Esq., and Mr. John Enoch, jun.
The CHAIRMAN having enquired whether any other
gentleman wished to address the meeting?
Joists TOMES, Esq. M.P. rose amidst loud and continued
plaudits. He should be proud to present, and to support
to the utmost of his humble ability, a petition fraught with
sentiments so perfectly congenial to his own- feelings, and
embodying the unanimous wishes of so numerous and re-
spectable a meeting of his constituents.—(Loud cheers.)—
He was satisfied that there was no effectual remedy for the
distresses and grievances of the country, but a thorough,
a substantial, and an effectual Reform in the Commons
House of Parliament.—(Cheers.)—Before he sat down, he
begged to propose the " thanks of the meeting to the
Worshipful the Mayor, for his compliance with the re-
quisition for the meeting, and for his obliging conduct in
the chair."

WILLIAM COLLINS, Esq. said, that having witnessed
the prompt and courteous compliance with which the
prayer of the requisitionists had been met by the Mayor, he
felt very great pleasure in seconding the motion.
Mr. TIVAMLEY having taken the chair which his Wror -
ship had vacated, put the resolution to the meeting, and it
was carried by acclamation.
The MAYOR briefly returned thanks.

When the meeting was about to dissolve, Mr. S. PiticE
rose to propose a resolution for their adoption—
" That the thanks of this meeting be given to our worthy
Member, John Tomes, Esq., for his conduct in opposing the pas-
sing of the Civil List without inquiry."
The resolution was seconded by Mr. WILLIAM TDB) and
carried by acclamation.
Mr. TOMES briefly returned thanks.
The business of the meeting concluded about half-past
two.

PENZANCE.
(Abridged from the West Briton of Friday.)

In consequence of a requisition signed by upwards of
one hundred respectable inhabitants of Penzance, addressed
to Robert Richards, Esq. Mayor of that town, requesting
him to convene a meeting of the inhabitants, "for the put-
pose of taking into consideration the propriety of petition-
ing both Houses of Parliament, for an effective Reform in
the representation of the people, to support the present
Ministers in furtherance of that most necessary measure,"
the Mayor appointed a meeting to be held at the Guild-
hall, at eleven o'clock on Tuesday last.
At the hour appointed a very numerous and respectable
assemblage of the inhabitants appeared in the Hall, and
the Mayor having taken the chair, proceeded to open the
meeting by reading the requisition, and stating, that in
conformity with it he had called the present meeting, and
was now ready to hear any gentleman who should think
proper to address them. . _ _

Mr. WILLIAM llAnvair read the following petition
TO THE, HONOURABLE THE COMMONS OF THE
UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND
' IRELAND, IN PARLIAMENT ASSEMBLED.
" THE HUMBLE REPRESENTATION AND PETI-
TION OF THE UNDERSIGNED INHABITANTS
OF THE TOWN OF PENZANCE, IN THE COUNTY
OF CORNWALL,
" Sheweth,—That your petitioners most humbly pray your
Honourable House, in order to satisfy the country; and above all
to restore the confidence of the people in your proceedings, that
you will, with your utmost influence and power, support and as-
sist his Majesty's Ministers, in effecting a thorough Reform in
the representation of the people, in the Commons' House of Par-
liament (including the vote by ballot) ; in making all practical
reductions in the public burthens, and in securing the most
rigid economy in every department of the national expenditure.
And your petitioners as in duty bound, etc."
The clause respecting the ballot was subsequently added.
Mr. fraavEy then continued—The present is the first
meeting for Reform that I can recollect to have been held
at Penzance. Thirty years since, I attended Reform
meetings of the county, and I then pleaded the cause of
Reform to the best of my abilities. At that time Re-
formers were designated by names now obsolete. The
King is now at the head of Reform, and Ministers have
declared themselves ready " one and all," to work with
him.—(Cheers.)—Look at the meetings which have been
held or are now holding, in the county, and it will astonish
those who can look back and remember that the freemen
of St. Ives sold their votes, for 201. each,
as openly as they
sold their bakes on the beach—(Cheers)_ and at Penryn,
where cats, dogs, birds, and every thing, in fact, which
could be sold, were disposed of, for a considerable sum, in
consideration of a vote being given over.—(Cheers.).—
And do not these things alone, show the necessity of Re-
form?—(Hear.)—All classes will be benefitted by it, and
its blessings will be felt in every part of the country,_.

(Cheers.)-.-My maxim is " of all evils, choose the least,"
and' as the ballot appears to me to be least liable to cor-
ruption, I approve of it.—(Cheers.)—l now beg to move
that the petition be adopted.—(Cheers.)
Mr. THOMAS COULSON, jun.--,ln rising to second this
petition, t beg leave to make a remark or taro upon it.
The petition prays for Reform—that the House of Com-
Mons, as at present constituted, is any thing but what it
should he—the pure representation of the people of Ent!-
land—l think no one in this meeting will come forwa-rd
• to deny,—(Hear.) If we look at the state of the repre-
sentation of this county, or to that of any part of the
kingdom, what do we find it ? In open boroughs, what
but the grossest corruption and bribery returns the Mem-
bers?—(Hear.) A man comes forward with no other
pretension, perhaps, than the means he possesses of offend..
ing against the laws of his country, in the bribery of
electors—bribes them, and is returned by them—commenc-
ing his career as a legislator by the commission of a crime
against which the laws of his country are positive.—
(Much cheering.) And in close boroughs, the nominee of
the patron goes to the House as much at liberty to act in
opposition to the wishes of him, who in reality is his sole
constituent, as the serVaht is to act in opposition to the
will of his master.—(Cheers.) To so great an extent is
this carried, indeed, that it is a well-known fact, the ma-
jority of the House of Commons are returned by less than
one thousandth part of the male adult population of this
kingdom.—(Hear.) It might be asked, however, of
what benefit would a Reform in the representation of the
people be? To such an inquirer I would say—look to
the revolutionary war with France—will any one here as-
sert that if the people—the people, I say, for here is the
great question—will any one assert, that if the people were
properly represented on that occasion, Ministers could have
spent more than 600 millions"' of our money, together a i h
a sacrifice of human blood unparalleled in history, for
the purpose of giving a King to another nation 7—for the
purpose of establishing the " right divine of Kings to go-
vern wrong ?"—(Loud cheering.) The history of that
period is my authority for saying, No.—(Cheers.) It is,
therefore, to this corrupted source we have to ascribe all
our present taxes—all our present burthens.—(Hear.)
Not to mention the extravagant profusion of the public
money in the payment of placemen and pensioners, some
of whom have never done one iota of service to the State,
while the people are in a state of starvation, as another
reason why the House of Commons, as at present consti-
tuted, cannot and must not remain as it is.—(Cheers.) I
think it will be apparent to all, that every man who pays
taxes to a Government, should have a voice in that Go-
yernrnent.—(Hear.) It is my decided conviction, that
nothing but the impartial extension of the elective fran-
chise ; the shortening the duration -of Parliament ; and
the vote by ballot will be effectual.—(Loud cheering.)
But while, on these points, the petition has not touched,
and while, I hope, this meeting will refrain from them, in
order that our demand for Reform may he unanimous, I
cannot conceal that the vote by ballot is the only thing
that will render it effectual.—(Much cheering.)
The MAYOR was of opinion that the insertion of a
clause concerning the vote by ballot, had better not he in-
sisted on. If Parliament did not satisfy the country, they
could meet again.

Mr. T. Conesog, sen.—l cannot disguise my appre-
hensions that in the furtherance of this all-important ob-
ject, the Sovereign and his Ministers have great obstacles
to surmount.—(Cheers.) The Oligarchy, who, with
little intermission, have held in their hands the whole re-
venues and patronage of the State for more than a cen-
tury, will make the most desperate efforts to regain what
they have lost and retain what they still possess —(Hear. )
This faction, few in number, but great in wealth and in-
fluence, have numerous retainers in all public situations,
and a still greater number kept in obedience by'expecta-
tion. The great instrument by which their purpose can
be effected, is borough patronage, and the Members who
are packed into the Commons for counties and cities—fur
the Oligarchy deal in county and city representation, as
well as in that of boroughs—(Hear)—to prop this
power, every species of trickery, misrepresentation, bri-
bery and intimidation will be called into operation. But
the most zealous allies of the Oligarchy and of no-im-
provement, are the candidates for admission to the aristc-
cracy ; creatures in a state of transition, having just left
our ranks, but who are not yet received within the ranks
of their ambition. Persons of email property, and deem-
ing the pursuit of honest industry disreputable, are anxious
that every useless institution should be continued ; every
possible place preserved, that the deficiencies of their re-
sources may be supplied front the public fountains, in the
persons of their children and relations, in order to sustain
the rank of gentry. The dirty work in all the boroughs,
and wherever the interest of the Oligarchy extends, is
done by this class. For you must know, Mr. Chairman,
that Peers and wealthy Commoners do not perform the
work of corruption themselves, it is their agents in the
boroughs and other places who do this work of debase-
ment.—(Much cheering.) When I look at the fate of
many of their families, I know not whether they are fit
objects of pity or contempt.—(Cheers.) Had I, Mr.
Chairman, the voice of Stentor, and had I the assembled
Aristocracy and Clergy, too, before me, I would thunder
in their ears, " Support his Majesty's Ministers in the
great work of Reform, and this for your own sakes."—
(Hear and cheers.) I repeat, the Clergy should be Re-
formers, for their especial duty is that of public and pri-
vate reformation.—(Cheers.) No alternative now remains
but to lead or follow.—(Cheers.) " Assist," I would
say, "4n re-modelling our social organization, so that all
the interests of the community, from that of the first Puur
of the realm to that of the lowest person in it, may be
brought to harmonize, by securing to all a uniform and just
representation of interest."—(Cheers.) If hostility or in-
difference to: this Reform should succeed ; if the present
discordant system be suffered to continue, the interposition
of a miracle, only can avert the most direful consequences.
—(Hear.) Despotisms perish of apoplexy ; ill managed
and ill constructed monarchies, of lingering decay.—
(Hear.) The demand for Reform and good Government
—and it is the demand of reason and justice—is becoming
louder and more general, and compliance with it, in some
shape, is irresistible.—(Much cheering.)
Mr. CoLatiso (of 11Iarazion) said the vote by ballot
was the only way in which a full and fair representation of
the people could be obtained.—(Loud and long continued
cheering.) No other method could protect the middle
classes front the undue influence which a wealthy Aristo-
cracy would endeavour to exercise over them. More than
one Member of that Aristocracy had said, with reference
to his borough property,—" May I not do what I will
with my own."—(Hear.) Mr. Colenso concluded by
moving that the words—" including the vote by ballot,"
be added to the petition.
The Rev. Mr. MAY supported the amendment.
Mr. T. CouLsors, sen. was decidedly in favour of the
vote by ballot, but waved it, for the sake of unanimity.
The Rev. G. Mottass also approved of the ballot, but
thought they ought to take example from the county meet-
ing; to ask too much might defeat their own objects.
Mr. H. MOLYNEUX also approved of the ballot, but
thought the meeting ought not to arrogate to themselves
the right of dictation to Parliament. He was of opinion
that the ballot had better be omitted for the present.
Jame BEASE, Esq. thought that the omission rather
than the insertion of the clause in question would cause
dissension. Lord Althorp and many other Members of the
Commons' noose, approved of the ballot. All, in fact,
thought well of the ballot, and why omit it?—(Cheers.)
The question was then put, and the clause in favour of
the vote by ballot was carried without one dissenting voice.
Mr. 11. Moersteux proposed that the petition be pre-
sented to the Peers by Lord Melbourne, and to the Com-
mons by E. W. W. Pendarves, Esq. Carried unanimously.
The thanks of the meeting were then voted by acclama-
tion to the Mayor; after which the Chairman returned
thanks, and time meeting separated.
