GLASGOW CORN

A moderate business doing in (•
Wheat, rer :140th. a. d. a. d.
British, old 3OO to 34 0
-- new i9o 320
Canada, free 3l 0 34 0
Irish

Barley, per 3201 b
English 0 0
Scottish 23 0 ".6 0
Irish

CORNWALL MARKETS.
(Calculated at 9.4 gallons to the bushel.)

Wheat.

Barley.

Truro.... ......
He!stone
St. Austell
Bodmin
Liskeard
Launceston
Camelford
Penzance

s. d. to 5. d.
0 20 C
0 20 0
13 20 6
0 19 6
fl 17 0
• 19 tS
16 • 19 0
19 0 21 6

s. d. t• s. i. I s. d. to s.

e

- •

12 I -
12 -

le o
S 6

991 - : II 6

—• 9 6 0 • 6
• II 6 —. • 7 6
—e9• 0 0 o
—OlOO 7 • S 0
0 11 0— 0 9 0

ADY AT WORK AGAIN !—Several professional
mid other individuals, in Penrith and the neighbourhood,
during the past week, have been pestered with letters from
this vagabond, which cost them 13. id. each. We under-
stand, however, that on application to the Postmaster, the
money was returned, and the letters will be transmitted to a
quarter where some necessary inquiry will be made after Joseph.
--Carlisle Patriot.

MR. MORTON, THE DRAMATIST—This gen-
tleman died on Wednesday, after a long and painful illness.
Mr. Morton was one of the witnesses examined before the Se-
lect Committee of the House of Commons on Dramatic Li-
terature, and in the course of his evidence incidentally deve-
loped some curious traits of his own character and habits. He
stated that he had never seen one of his own plays acted, al-
though some of his comedies bad been so successful as to be
represented for 50 nights in succession. The lowest price he
ever got for a play was 901. or 1001., and the highest 3001.
For the Children in the Wood he received 2001., and 50/. for
the copyright ; and for the Invincibles and a Roland for an
Oliver about the same sum. The usual mode of remunerat-
ing dramatic authors when Mr. Morton commenced writing for
the stage was, by giving them the receipts of the third, sixth,
ninth, and twentieth nights, after deducting the expenses
of the house ; and he describes with what anxiety he
used to watch the clouds on those evenings, as a
stormy night very frequently converted the author's " be-
nefit" into a loss. Mr. Morton was strongly in favour of
the office of licenser, as he considered that without a dramatic
censorship political allusions would abound in plays. He gives
a curious instance of an objection taken to a word by Mr. Lar-
pent, who filled the office of licenser previous to the late Mr.
Colman. The word was " gammon," and it was objected to
by the licenser on the ground that a friend of his, one Mr.
Gammon, of Hampshire, had felt hurt by a dialogue in one of
O'Keefe's plays—" What is your name?"—" Gammon,"
" Then you are the Hampshire hog." Mr. Morton's evidence
was rather against throwing open the minor theatres to the
performance of the regular drama. He considered that the
mode in which the plays of Shakspeare are performed at the
smaller houses tended to degrade the drama. He, nevertheless,
gave it as his opinion, that the country theatres, which were
formerly the schools for actors, had lately fallen off so much,
that additional theatres in London would probably produce
that talent which the country has not produced for some time.

ANTI-SLAVERY MEETING

OF DELEGATES.-(THIS DAY.)

The Delegates met again this morning at ten o'clock, at
the Guildhall. Coffee House, Guildhall. In the absence of
Mr. Blair, the Chairman of the Delegation, the Chair was
taken by Mr. SAMUEL LLOYD.
It was stated by a delegate, that after the Reporters had
left the meeting on Saturday evening, Mr. Joseph Price, .
, and Mr. Edward Cropper, of Liverpool, were de-
puted to wait on Mr. Poulett Thompson, to inquire what
were the intentions of the Government respecting the bounties
and protecting duties now given to the West India planters ;
and these gentlemen on their return informed the delegates
that they had been received very courteously by the Right Hon.
the President of the Board of Trade, whose answer to their
inquiry was, that the subject was under the consideration of
the Government.

Upon the motion of Mr. WILLIAM BALL, a Deputation
of seven gentlemen was appointed to wait forthwith upon
their Parliamentary friends, to confer with them on the pro-
priety of bringing in a Bill for the abolition of the appren-
ticeship, with suc provisions, if any, as may be requisite to
meet the change ; and in case of this suggestion being ap-
proved, then to consult them on the propriety of entering
a notice of such a Bill on the books of the House prior to the
Easter recess. The deputation consisted of Messrs. George
Stacey, Joseph Sturge, Josiah Forster, Thomas Bignold,
Edward Cropper, William Wilcox, and Dr. Greville.
A letter from Mr. Blair was then read, in which he stated
his intention of going down to Liverpool to attack the enemy
in his stronghold, by lecturing there on the subject of slavery,
and especially in reference to the speech of Mr. Glad-
stone.—( Applause.)
A vote of thanks to Mr. Blair for his intention was passed
unanimously.
Mr. STURGE took the opportunity of stating that he had re-
ceived a letter from Mr. Seholefield, M. P. for Birmingham,
explaining that he was compelled to go down to Warwick to a
trial, on a subpoena, the night of the division, but he had paired
off with Lord Robert Grosvenor ; and Mr. Attwood, who was
also compelled to go out of town, had paired off with Lord
Eastnor.—( Hear, hear.)
The CHAIRMAN was pleased to hear the explanation, and
certainly when he went home, he would inquire of his repre-
sentatires how it happened that they were absent from the
division on Sir George Strickland's motion.
The Sub-Committee of preparation having arrived from
Exeter Hall, the delegation was for some time occupied in
discussing the details of their preparations for Wednesday's
meeting at Exeter Hall, whey the Marquis of Clanricarde will
take the Chair. _ _ _

Mr. ALEXANDER, treasurer of the Central Emancipation
Committee, stated that he had received a letter from Mr.
Under-Sheriff Wire, stating that he intended to bring the
question of apprenticeship before the Court of Common
Council on Wednesday next ; but he wished to consult the
delegates as to whether they thought it advisable that he
should do so after the division in the House of Commons the
other night? He (Mr. A.) had received another letter sug-
gesting that, on the same day, Mr. George Thompson should
petition to be heard on the subject before the Court.
It was ultimately resolved that Mr. Alexander be requested

to consult Mr. Wire on the subject.
Mr. WILsoN was desirous of submitting a proposition,
which would lead some of their Parliamentary friends to take

this evening, in the House of Commons, an oppor-
tunity of making known the determination of the
delegates, and of the friends of abolition through-
out the country, not to relax, but to redouble
their exertions, until their object was attained, notwithstanding
the decision of the House on Friday night last. He then
proposed a resolution, which after several alterations, at the
suggestion of Dr. Greville, Mr. Clapham, Mr. Rutter, and
others, was at length put, in the following form :
Under the conviction that our grounds for the demand of
the abolition of the apprenticeship term are substantial and
unalterable ; it is the solemn determination of the assembled
delegates to persevere in this demand; and to repudiate eve' y
measure which, if it do not secure to all the apprentices and
their children immediate and complete emancipation, will
have the effect of sanctioning and continuing slavery."
Mr. CROWDER then moved the following, which was una-
nimously agreed to, that a Sub-Committee be appointed to
draw up a circular, to be forwarded to the country imme-
diately after the meeting at Exeter Hall, on Wednesday next.

THE CHARGE AGAINST LORD BROUGHAM.

Mr. STraos having stated that Mr. Beverley had consented
to go into the country to lecture, read the following extracts
from a letter which he had received from Lord Brougham :
( Applause.) " The falsehoods in the Government papers
about my being the cause of the apprenticeship are the most
audacious fabrications I ever yet saw—l never opened my
mouth on the matter more than to agree to the plan proposed
at the Colonial Office, and there never was one moment's
difference of opinion among the Ministers of 1833. . . .
We were all wrong, and all equally wrong, on the subject,
and this I have avowed every time the subject has been men.
tioned My opinion is, that George Thompson,
and others of your friends, going around to meetings, where
the people have been deceived in their representatives, is the
only thing that can do any good."
Mr. ALEXANDER said that as there was no business at that

moment before the meeting, he was desirous of saying a few
words upon what he had observed in the House of Commons
in the recent debate. Lord John Russell spoke of the people
as not capable of exercising their reason upon this subject.—
( Hear, hear.) But when Mr. Stanley brought in the Ap-
prenticeship Bill, he said that the people had demanded the
abolition cf slavery in a voice to which no Ministry could be
deaf.—(Hear, hear.) It was therefore extremely inconsistent
of Lord John Russell to say that the people were urged by
passion instead of being led by reason, in calling for the abo-
lition of the existing system. One other circumstances gave
him (Mr. Alexander) especial pain, to see Sir George Grey
attempting to palliate the enormities which he could not deny,
and which had been admitted by his superior in the House
of Lords.—(Hear hear, hear.) It was not half so painful to
him to hear Mr. Gladstone, for whose prejudices allowance
might be made ; but it was inexpressibly painful to see such a
man as Sir George Grey acting as the avowed and unblushing
advocate of slavery.—( Hear, hear.)
