NAVAL NF.WS.

PLY motrra,OcT . t I. Arrived his Maksty'
Rover from Leith'; the Venus, LOWTKER-; and Good
BARRATT, from, Wales; the Pla!o, Win-
DELL ; and the Jane, HORsEMENT ; together *lilt
a fleet of twelve sail from Sunderland; and a cktel
from Morlaix.

His Majesiy's ship Dryid %kill sail to-morrow for
t -
the (,Gall of Spa'n:
•

Sailed his M ijt-sty's ship Venerable, of 74 gtins;
Capiaiti Sir HOME POPHAM, for the, Coast of Spain.

FALmotr-H, OCT: 1 -the Chesterfield
packet with Mails. foi Madeira aid the
.131-,,ziis
Lady Pellew ditto, with Mails for Jamaica, Bar.'
badoes, Martinique, &c.

PORT§MOUTII, OCT. 1 2.—No arrivals or sniliogs

this day.
Sailed yesterday his Majesty's ships Aemesis for
Madeira nd the coast of Africa flbyfi/ Yeoman
transport, WALLA :E, with three or • four others,
for Africa.
Arrived the Comus, from StmderlancL

DEAL, OCT. 12.—Sailed his Majesty's ship Mart-
torough, Rear-Admiral Sir RICHARD §TEACH AN, to
•
join the Meet oft. Flushing.
Ca m e down thc.,ll4rmony, CRITCHELL, for New-
foundland.

Yesterday a Court. or Dife.pors:was held at the
East Icidi House, when the following extra, ships-,
tiken up tur the. ensuing, season, were thus tined;
viz.

• Union,' Simpson, and Northampton, for. Bombay •and
to be afloaton the loth ot December, awl sail Irom
Gra‘eselid on the lath of lanary.
General Stewart,- Sir • William r ulteney,, Pevavnes, and
Ocean, to be afloat 24th January,, and sail from Gravesend
24th I•ebruar},; • •
Tottenham, Union (Gaillard) and. Itetrepti to be rfloat 9th
March, and sail from Gravesend oth April
The destination of the ship Warren Hastings being altered
from St. Helena anditieni.;al, to Ezeogal dirett, was ordered
to be afloat 9'll iviarell, sail io-Oravesend 24th ditto, stay
there 3o days, 'and be in the I)owns 591 n - .

• •
Extras of a letter froth one of nis.• Majesty., s ships
off Flushing; dated October 8 :--;" We have' just
been in to, reconnoitre • the enemyl'i. force, which
consists of 'lO sari of the line, 27 bri.;s, frigate,
praams, 1 cutter, and 7 schuyis, all apparently reasty
fur sea. . Our squadron consists of 7 of the line,
a frigate, and sur 6 brigs." Thelerter adds, -.that
all theoflicei-s and men are in 'high spirits 'on ac-
count of the-probability of the enemy coining out...
Notwithstanding the very reduced state. of the
PrincesS.AnEtAA's health, and the dally and hourly
expectations of .her Royal iirghnes•i'S drssolution, it
is thoug!it not altogether unlikely that she may still
linger through the remainder of the present. month,
particularly tribe weather continues as fine as h is
at pri-sent.

Her Royal Flighneis continues to receive the most
particular attention from her Royal Par,nts, and
from ail the members of the Royal Family. The
Prince of WALES, with all that tenderness and at,
feelion which he has ever shewn for his family, and
and that peculiar goodness of heart for which he is so
remarkable in every trying situation, no longer con-
tents himself with occasional visits, hoAe,er long
and frequent, but has remained at Windsor since
the early • part of last week, in order to give his
attentions constantly, and has. not been ab ent, ex--
cept once, when called to town fur a few hours on
particular business last Sunday.
Every
,possible, precaution is taken at Windsor to
prevent the Princess AMELIA being .disturbed by
noise, in her long protra6ted and distressing illness. St.
Alban's-street, where she is dOnfined, is covered very
thickly with straw, to pyevent_a.if
or disturbance from the motion of carriages ; none
are allowed in the street but those. belonging:to the
KING and QUEEN, nor ate any pers,ns on loot permit-
ted to pass, except upon business, to *Vent which,
a party of soldiers are stationed at each end of tie
street. The QUEEN visits her Royal kligline.is
every day about twelve o'clock, and repeats her
visits two or three times a• day: The KING., after
partaking of his:early dinner, s,,on'after one o'clock,
goes in hiS carriage to 'visit her ; it .is in general
about three o'clock.

On Wednesday .his MAsEs4ty experienced a very
distressing circumstance :—On his'• entering the
house he met a Clergyman; hi:
.IM-Ains2y kneW
the object of his visit Ml:ht ilave.beell 10-adllliirker -
the Sacrament to her Royal Highness, t hich affect.,
ed his .MAJEiTY so much (while --coriviTsing- with
Ole Clergyman), that he could
„scarcely proceed
iwo the 'house. We understand' the Doctors iradi
agreed that morning, that they did not think her
Royal Highness could survive.. 24 hour.,, arid !ad
given permission, to her to eat arid Airroli'‘.ol}Mcver":
she fancied_;: het. {loyal ckots.ed
to have some porter, and she accorilioo-baci ao.its
of bottled porter, which appeared to rtire,li her;
very much, and she had a gentle sleep afterwards.—
The flattering hopes of her b.ing better !Live, %%, e
understand, , been occasioned. by the, application of
some strong' poniticesto her feet, fro'n she
appeared to experience considerable relief.
In the evemngof Thursday Sir FHANcIS MILL-
MAN and Dr. HO:IIikIDEN were coiled into her Royal
Highness, and held a consultation will) Sir HENRY
HALVORD, and Doctor: BAILEY, DUNDAS
the rrsult of which did not transpire. -

Dunt3Y.Our MuSical Festival .cons renced in
the Great Courch ou Tue,ddy. "CATALAN!, as ttl l;
b. invigined, was rapturously appta,unen, and cve:y
thing went off With :the greal nartnony and ecitd.
The colleoinn were handed dhow by the
Duchess of NEWCASTLE, 63r00V0 SCACFMALE and
WATERPARK., and Lady FIONLoxE. Nearly 400 t.
a s yt,l,etted at the church the first di+. I.lte perli
furtmtw.es last two d.lys longer. . .

~:

PRENCti AND DUTCIi PiIPERS.
boldO'
ROYAL cAlkiPi 'PIAUI, SEPT. 11.--The
be
connoitring lately ,execu`ted by a detaOhinent
guards
.to even the suburbs
.of the south of Mescinio
hal. already proved that it was possible 19r ourar,o
to land the first wind, which cempelled the en
rig,
to break his line of anchorage. In fact, A wind a
mig yesterday sufficiently strong, to induce all 501 d
to tielieVe that the eqUinocitalgales had ComMencexsi;
and that the English would;
have to Male oil the
°.
ships return to' pdti, his Majesty did not Phe
tt
fit of the oecasion, to order a disernbarkai ion lU.3d
In consivence, some detachments of 11"
.and 4th infantry of qie Bete, the 2.1 Neapolitan cl'a'd
seorseaud a. Corsican battaliati were embark'ed; an
set sail about' len o'clock at night, tbt;
,course toWardS Scalitta. At' three o'clock in j'is;
inorteneethey were at San Stefano, in Sicillyire
lodged the enemy from if; under cries 'of " 'ea!,
l'Eutpereure VI% e le Rui !" and pushed their con
to the peace of Duchessa, soctessively driving Oce
all the posts they encountered. Durintl this time
the wind unfortunately ceased, and the dead Ohl!
which succeeded it, opposed, as well-as tbe curreo7
the other projects which the King intended to e
leer, Fits Majesty was in his barge, where he re
majned day, expecting, in vain, a faieurjhvle
'wind, when finding be could no longer * be
it, e
d resolieupon gi‘ mg- the signal for the rot urn 01 tbic
troops disembarked in Sicily. General' Stan-Ey
bt
considered them but as charged . with a talse atta
now perceiving that a more berious, one could n'
he attempted, immediately directed all the forces,
hOtii sea and land, towards San Stefano, to n''et
Whelm these detachments ; 'hot "they were so (11.11, so
in rallying, the moment the signal was given, ant,'
,a
skiiful in makipg. their movements,. that they y 3.
finished their embarkation before. 'the ei.eioy
able to' preVent it. At eight they, were up•A' ibe,
irtu"r`n at wiiri the-, exi.epteon of 6e()i;.;
,
men, who were' not able to be brolieht
want 'Of boats., because tho-e first arrivtdiAt Sea
''ilts
Imi-ried to regain Calabria, after havi g land. a
troops thercarrit:d,aed had not been aide 'to ,tutee
to SiciT, account of the currents.. -111;14 il
only iticonvenience,Which has, resuned froM
surmountable contrarieties which, 'Lis krillianit;(l
tempt has expei ienced... g
. All the yout
hoops h4ve particularly..given proo:s of
above all enldgiotn, and, of a sangoroid, wincb
not frequently found even in old troops. They s`',
twined with 'elk,. pithty the barges at sume d'icee"
triebt‘ et 'l3mtsli cavalry, who, among other
ie three ditfereot chiages, had two -.officers
Or the nrntie,'r of prisoners made in Steely 1)Y:3,
detachrnentsennany have been brought to (331.",'!t
and report a number' of ridicelons • rnea o;lstites '4
the. English elaee wie.of to endeavour to make
innaleta6ts tear an.iovasion, which they now °lc
to be inure convinced of than eLer, :hat if is (I`,,l'e,
impossible for them toprevent‘—(Mou'iteur,
tuber
• CONSTANTINOPLE,. AUG. to —Auotlit'ir wa's.
broken otit in Eeypt, thraglethe instioattot! 91. 0
English. The notediEnglish
falsely style, himself a Swedih.Consiil, has .10113
the Bets against the .Porte, arid, against the ~P'3`.
of Cairo. The campaign lEts been 'opened in I.le
neighbourhood of Cisco). • The English leoel
withdrawn the attention of the Pacha of Cairo fry
the flQliliato, they save formed in the 11.:d S°.
(Amsterdam Courier, 01. 10)
—llTEsiiiii:7s-Eicf4b-.l3lniti- 364, Piivy r
senor, returned yesterday from , Paris, whither
Was sent by: his 'Majesty on a particular al:ssion'eo
It is reported that in this' country, as well as of
other States of the -40e0;sh.ContederacY, a.d(lt):
40 per cent, is to be laid on all colonial produce' •
•
FRANCKFORT, -SEPT. 39 —Our Sovereign)
Grand DUke, fids"Orderede by an Edict Of -the )`e,
of this month,. that the ItupertA Fiend) D 47110
dated Triaeon, ;the.sthcif August,. shall possl'9.ea.
force cif fv,V in h
lya duty of 40 per cent. shall be letied on.a"
oft
commodittei, yet without the least
4 fa
with regard ;(.) illec.'neereeS' of. Berlin and No-Ile
efelleferee, as well 050.,
l_toperiatdivisioti, by which the impartation
cotfee.,..atid cotton, is unconditionally prullibii4u.
(Amsterdam Courier of Oct: 9)
nirb
Of ,FICIAk REPORT OF THE RUSSIAN A-- og
.The Genetai'M Chief, Count Kaminsky, I)3‘
h,fot
left Lieetenatit General Count Langeron.
Rudschtick,",yrierched on the sth Septenibi‘r
roe) agaiust the, enemy; .he as rived oat the 604
the evening; , with the army, ,finbni.g five Oolur9:fol
in the vicinity of the' Turks, and ordered a got]."
attack. to.be made, on the following day. It be
c 1;.
at ten o'clock in the, morning, and-at seven oc.leit
Lvrni-elit the Terkish at my was no more; a
which seemed impregnab'eeentrenchments
ed with the ittmoStaeoinaceitothltig could viiip„
stn the_gallantry arid xerseeeelinee" of the Itti'site
[loopse—that memorable day. has covered Otero
fresh . •
' As soon ..as the 'attack ' begau, Major Gee,ti
13Owaiiki attacked and, carried three redou'ot
Jender..d. himself master of the whole intrerichtn
which. covered the enemy's camp on hts.left
near the-Danube In the mean time M•ijor G` 1.1),,3'
Koolnoff arrived.froni the'other side also'on chub' It
nube, and engavd aeether Turkish carp, `";:or
had been formed there..in this.manner the, or'`,
saw- .his intrenchments surrounded- by our tree;
bet notwithstanding hiS hopeless situa.i-11, 't
it'
very brisk cetononade kept, up on our part, he
tinned to defend himself in the most obsin'`.
manlier. 1114
An attempt made against his left flank 113' jec
proved unsuccessful, the General in Chin, in "1'L,1.4
to bring the matter to a close, aktopted theinease,
'of ordering'CouniKettnensky, General of
to open a heavy cannenade, and detach itumrd'Jr
after. twelve battalions to carry the entrenctlrne'l-Ge
assault, while his side; defached Maine tie'
trend 4iab —jai'. with ten battelions to take the '";
tuy's camp in the rear. 'rills General iaoo titi`r t'
t. red the" TurkiSh camp, and this tinexp-'cic'iejel
Lek, executed with tie raPidity, Ag;'-r0
the victory.: • A great part of the eneirry'i `.l
sock immediatdy to.lindit, and t% as pt.r.it;"j b
;
cavalry,..who k,lieda large number a tlwah

Ti,
•
t;eneral.in atief, -without the' least loss of.
(r.'wred Major.,.General Sabanojeff tolead on
11166° trOo; s. against the 'last and strongest
renmen, lo t bet ob,ierving that the'
.
2'litig 83 01 the:evening prevented the 11001.5 from
Vistpotieti,t he attack until the next morn-
oideked thin, troops to-rei feat. During tint
Berliere attacked the enemy's flotilla,
di,
ets red some vessels, sunk a great number, and
bed the rest. •
stirtiling the niolit the. Turks finding themselves
rodrutin ••.
Lt.d on all f.i.;es,.seut an Officer to capitulate,
tvhnif,„4"'"l attyr surrendered.. at. discretion.- The
178 c3431).,,„,i1 the arms, baggage, and, art?llery,
urs, and ..upwards of 5000
hwve !al u into our hands. Among. the
(;o',.'"l''•e!" is Ac Pacha of three tails, the
a Pacha of two tails,
ailt.te if number ot.ot-ficerS of distinction.
Alt
[.S.'eraskter KOochand. 1-inli Pacha was killed,
Vere,j'e .'hlrencitiuent and- their environs, were co-
ed em„ \vitt) The.Cnetny's loss in' kill-
Tlit,';'''ee'k five thoosand.';' our lo -s is trifling.—
.(1-st "-is 'an army of 4-0.e06 men dispersed and
Pk; o eli in . nine hours time.—(Amsterdrun Cou-
-6.)
•
test
-"owA,- SEPT. I B,—lntelEgence was- this day
iti \'',etl here, tnat the. Grandbeignor has arrived
(sal4e
.with a -guard of 18,000 Men.—
1. ?ilPer.)
at, tie iLluntteur of September -30, on a pas,:age in
to $ r'gi;sl) Paper, staling that orders bad been given
, tit,e4l'l). provi;ionaity. the Decree tor the se-
10,:t'a•kin of !he Teneritte vessels, has, the fol-
, ising note
Nye, lib' English newsmongers never forget themli ~
, emotion whit!) they excite hi the pub-
tdt' al.trming prospeut they present of an ap-
11,,,V•iing war, bet wee') Rus.4la and France would
gtnue.compiele, without scale favourable intent-
tot the Alerty-I:As. in the city. They pub-
ttoi that the Tenerife tessels, Which they pretend
hcio•hg to them, and the cargoes which they
thra.esent as neutral, will be restored., If the Met:-
tip"' i the city have no otherw M,ey to pay their
IvelS in
exchange than the pr,-duce of these cargoes,
jahnot but pi'y their correspondents.-
ita. anoti.er passage, in the same paper, which
lio."Q3".at orders had been .received at Gotteuburgit
44" 'loek holm to sequesti-ate all English properiy,
that this order is an erlect of the hale-
`)t the French Ambassador, the lilonileur sub-
Note-: ‘.
raga ,
lizit is rem in this' intelligence is the last pa-
sl)-I"E'n• •Gotteilbriro„hand the Baltic will soon be
ttruPaillst the French fleets have Ch-
illi.: the Jande an tee Ems; batten s, and the
to4'l: d
9ns tlet.ichnLentS of French do,ianiers hue the
t;e4° of Holland and tiiuk! o-t.. German- to the But.
the f Heligoland, while there is
10`111-rnerchan itze to the amount of 200 mil-
, will no longer have a vtni-, they oat
tied bat.); .to Eriglatiol,, but In order to dupe the
4 1)1", .shell news :s invented as shall 1),1 most
„ "bk• .T.ey. present to their imdginatic;n the
.on tire, a-nd covered v., lin a sea at blood.,
alt ar"ny': for the. Et.glish. The Continent is
rtimia at peace.

• . .
AIDNICIT, SEPT. .24.—We ate assured, that tbc:
`3,‘"lsinn Ot the kingdom of fiavalia is definitive,
tt-'tt'l“-i• 'twill be divided into ni( e Depaittrieuls;.
\vbili the • principal places a ill ue, Munich.,
Pas,3--41,
.Salizbutg,
• .
"therg,l3,,niberg, Bayreuth: It appears that
)vvll
of Aktptitg is, not to be'the
t„
`-tepartthent, becauseit is inttnded to convert_
1.416 a fort .
fortress. •
SEPT. ,20.—The 'stubil Franco, Ifnlian
!`t r()11 which- sailed front, this *port, and whose
trt••
h. w a:are c0m1041.1 of txp• rt sailors, ctntinues to
rr,.
A.. 'lce. its evolutions otl the le•ghts of Chuzza,
o'At the. Enoiish frioates havtiw . hitherto ri,ked
0
k•,'),ll.(lacbilkg them: It, on the contrary, app-ars that
kee
the sailing of this:small squalron, the enemy's
1;.53(13
hcc prudently ep themselves at a certain dis,
SEPT. 13.—They write from Bucharest,
l.at about the middle of last Month, fresh Russian
ii,q inicreements arrived Wallachia. •Field-Mar-
-1
Ili Count KAM ENSIC.OY has united a pia of it to
El 4111 Y; tit!. reiminder, cOnsisrin4 of. two divi-
tht,ans of 10,000 men each, has marched to 'sustain
corps of G.- ieral Count Da ZuKAT.F.F.
lfe
Tin k isle corps, .consi4ing of about 15,000
41.1", under the orders- of the Pacha or Trawnik, has
j`'edeci in deceiving the . Servign Commanders.—
"aving made a detour. he appeared in the en-
-o•l'cif GrUschuatz and I'Cotivibasar, where he corn-
met"
every thing to the flames and the sword.—
hibo, lit ten villages have been bunt, and their inna-
qt,
ts either killed or carriectinto slavery.
013.. 'e entire population of Servia is now in the
11 '
pe country, with the exception of some work-
tp
Vito remain, and those who are mutilated, we
iii„. Qttger perceive any other than old people and
"en in them.
Bc4LA SEPT. s.—Yesterday Rear Admiral MAR-
till 'laving perceived some movements in our fio-
inade the signal for his to sail and attack us.
bur brave men were soon prepared for the fight.
Nring a considerable our line of anchorage
ite'ved all the fire of the enemy without answering.
.'
afte At last thty opened their fire upon him, and
tblir a combat of two bolus, the English flotilla was
14, °P3 to gain the coast of Sicily; taking back, as
I, 41, +nany of their hoats in tow. In this affair We
et t
° Wen :tilled, and four wounded, and had a

ries.

,•: , •
scortidor sunk. " Somegun-boats dam-aged;
were the same night repaired.
The enemy was compelled to receive many shots
from our batteries; :the same always
_happens to
him whenever he approaches them.. Some lime
previous to the :talon two of our scorridors chased
two English scorridors under the fire of a ship ; they
would undotibtedly have tatien into our hands, but
fur the protection of this vessel.

To-day at five in the morning it was announced
to the king, that the enemy's corvette had hoistel
the ttag of attack, when his Majesty immediately
6minanded the floaa to prepare for battle. In
regard to the army which to attempt,an etnb3rka-.
lion had arrived, it received orders to retire to a
distance from the coast, and take post on the heights,
in order to 'be sheltered from dr:. fire of the enemy.
A little after nioe o'clock the English flotilla set
sail towards our line of anchorage ; arriving within
shot of our .batteries, they opened a dreadrul fire,
which we answered in the most courageous and
well maintained manner. Twice the enemy was
driven back under his batteries. At last a frigate and
three brigs received orders to proceed on us with the

'NOW the terrible fight again commenced, and
during two hours 200 cannon kept up a continual.
Aire within grape-shot disiance the frigate and
three brigs, sailed twice within mu,ket shot along
our whole line of anchorage, firing -thetr bioad-
sides -into our gun-boats and transports, which
sustained- this new assault with a .conrage,
truly above all eulogium. Both have suffered but
little, because all' the grape-shot .and bullets passed
over them, and buried Chernselves„ in the -ground.
The Kigiate and three brigs hate been much damaged
by the grape shot 'and balls of 30 gun-boats and"
two batteries the ships were compelled to quit the
scene of action, and regain with all speed the v.rt
of Messina. 'The retreat of the English flotilla was
made with precipitation, and in the greatest disor-
der : had it not been for the vicinity of the enemy's
coast, we would infallibly • have taken two of their
.\
gun-boats. One of the brigs 'has, in particu-
lar, greatly suffered its maintop-mast, and all
its rigging,
'struck
shot away. Five'or six gnu-
tr)ats were struck with shot, and were. takep
away in tow. On our side, we have t.)l e
c: iii icr oily killed, five, wounded, and six gun-
boats and five • transports slightly damaged. The
Lieutenant de Vaisseau Mil n' commanding.
a division of gtin-boats, an oftic,l of the greatest
merit, was slightly wounded. The 101 h li .giment
of Infantry had an officer killed, and nine soldiers .
wounded, though this'corni was at least 600 toile's
from the coast. The enemy, on the contrary, must
babe suffer. d considerably, hiving been tour hours
under the grape-shot -of our gun-boats and .b.itte-

.These two affairs. do the greatest honour to our
marine. and prove the bravery and superiority with
which it .continues to contend against that of the
enemy. The presence of Ilia .140jesty anim,ltes.
every Officer---very marihe of his flo!illa---,and
endeavour to distingtiish themselves under his eyeS.

R6yal Camp, Piale, Sept. 8.

The enemy was kept complelely on 'he alert this
night, The scorridors, and twO boats of the Royal
Guard, manned by twenty-live grenadiers, and
the officers -of the guard, charged to ~.141,,a a
reconnoitring, disembarked in the suburbs 'to
the, south of . Messina. All , the :troops took
to arms. .and the ;alarm-signals announced an in-
vasion, to the enemy's army. o.r scorridors fired
some cannon shot. upon the posts, after which
they, as well as the two boats which brought back
the men that had ben landed, tranquilly returned
to their anchorage, whilst the enemy's scorridors
which came out • (tom port were firing at random
upon the place .when the disembarkation had taken
place.
'ROYAL. CAMP, PLALE, SEPT. 11.--His MAjesty,
wishing to make a diversion, ordered some transports,
yesterday morning, to be sent to Pantemeli,
with troops, and,a division of gun-boats, commanded
by the Captain of Frigate CARRACCUOLO: This ef-
fectually drew from that side the attention of the
enemy, Whq advanced to attack them With two %es-
sels of 74 guns, a corvette, some bumbs, and 35
gun-boats ; he- made three successive attacks, and
fired 'more than 6000 balls, but our land-batteries
and.gun.boats proved in this instance ail the advan-
tages of .a defence previously planned, and main-
tained with courage and . sang- froid. The enemy
was obliged to "sheer off, after having had many of
.his square sails damaged. One of his fleet was towed
into the port of Messina. We have had some of our
boats damaged, and twelve men killed or wounded.
Our young artillerymen conduaed themselves"ex-
trenely wain this action, 'which adds to the high
reputation which the marine in general has acquired
this season.

COLtiZitG, Scrr. ccwdint., `to the repxts of
have met wiol En liSh ShiPs
tie, the En fish fitter i.; in '-t~ nu,- fl',?S 1.7 ;Ler and
prAisions, The enemy's ships.of war. which cruizu
rcomitietally along the cow of 113,nnerauta try every
Mea is to' procure: provisinlq, bot in consequence cr
orders frotn superior, auf.ip.4ity this-codeit'ry refuses
to s ipply them, and they ate .I.inab;e •to. procure any
at au}' price, or nuclei- any pre!ext. Ni.rliaHlivr. The
guarda costal have orders to sink every F.,:igtish
.Vesiel.which approaches the shore, and to sabre, or:
make Vrisonel s, if possible, I ci 6W.. The a.g;isb
who are unable to hind on the coastS.of Pouter:mil,
endeavour to carry off the vessels -lid en with s,!it
which go from Colberg to the other ports of °ix
province. But these, when pursued by the enemy,
run on shore, and sharp engagements' are sometimes
the consequence.

The vessels, whose arrival Irom Corunna we no-
ticed yesterday, have brought several letters from./
the north .of Pcrttigal, all indicating the proitanility
of a general engagement ; but, unioritinatt!!ly, they
are too much at variance with each other to allow
us to attach any great degree of cradit to them.—
Some of then pretend to communicate events,
which, if they had occurred, must. have .heed IsTrow n.
at Lisbon on toe 2( ult. the date of she I.lte•A ad=
,vices from
.that city., We shall sirtimit extrac s Of
these letters to our Readers, leaving it to them to
draw their own conclusions from the facts conteined,
in them.. The.tolluwing dt..crineS, We believe ac-
curately
.enuogh, the. positions. of..ti.e -respective
-armies on the tLys mentioned
" OPOKTO (via
,COriUNNA), SEPT. 22..---We !Live
this moment' received news tram the attire,,
.by
which it appears ttr.J on - they have .tak up I.wsi
in their lines ofdetettee within two Oi three leagN.S
of Coimbra. On thr i9th the English andtt,rtii-
guese head,q9arters were at
.biuzaco. On the 26th
'Lord Wellington's - head-TUti.ters we.te. at LtryO,
and Marshal fi,..trestord at BultiostiOng,.pcisitiOns
on the-moUritainsleadipg to Contibr,l.. The Frciicfi;
who, it appears, had •coocentrated,tlici: ft,rces, in-
cluding the- Corps under Rognier and Junot, .were
on the :gth at \Trio', and ev.-ri secins io
portend an approaching engagerri,,.!nt, N.VII:Ci) We fCel
Confident will terminate gloriou,iy ;or the Aitied
Armies ; considering the spirit w; t• ll' Which they are
animated, and the sKtll by wlti.ch.:they are th-
'rected."'

11), next letter is fiofu Viana, and
_fro,n the late,
ness of the date, and the,-mconsilJahle disranal
from v, Inch that port is from I i,e Ti+eitte of 'War,
ineeilience to a vopy. late prii9e.i.m,ght bate b eu,
expected. l'he 6:1 of a, geneial.eugagenwi.t,
cityp.~rtanladio3, might 113 Vt.: l'‘'ntiv(i it,. !no,
ife comouThica: too w.is not :intererpted, wit iOn
24 hf..ur• altvr it occtuied.

" VIANA, Sir.2i.t.,—Ae-are anxiously expect •
ing -ws from our armies. The 'French, to gtea!
force, entered the Province of .Beitia, in' three did -
.sions, to the mount of ...ix. thous tod men, an
probably thole, with, a view to force their
Lisbon. They had act,ally -cut-red Nrtz,-fu, and
were in the Vicinity of Cohnb.a; htr.veter, it ap-
pears they hate been worsted in all the einTounteis
they
,have as yet had with fire Brit:sn and Portu-
guese troops ; -atm by the last accounts rece;ved'hy
yeSterday'S pos', it appears they -we:re--retreating in
alt ditelions: Sevt'2,'al letters recrived• by the For.,
tugurse' ioeqtion that 'a battle tx as fought on the
inst.- at B6zaeo, where the French lost from
tight do nine thousand men., luetosed you have a
copy of tine -of theletters:—
" The ((flowing is an extract of the la t advices
from the House at Pin te, dated the Qtitirinit3nt-
We hear tl.cre lrii'becn some severe skirinishiog
bAween•the French and some Portuguese and Bri-
tish regiments' (amongit them the 16,0; and a ge-
nerat action is drily expected when twe learn t.lip
result, we will advise you.' • - •
'rite fllo4iiir is the cOnimtmication 'alltided to
in the above. rtl,lo wtiteris a Poi•togueSeC.t.umi:-
‘ary, vith the army at Buz:4:o, and k rep:esented
as a person entitled
.to full credit by the respect,thlt:
[Joust. which received and trairsinitted the cutter to
Lni,don

'BUZACO, SEPT. 23.-1 have not-written to you
lately, not having ma ter of consqueoce to corn-,
municate; but I hav! now the halipunss t6.actiti,not
you, that this night tho French lust 000 tnen, hear
the Coov:mt of Buzaco.

The enemy is d but he iS on the pc,int:of
being destroyed. Our army oc tie best
lion you can imagine. This place appeari like the
anti-chamber of Hell, I beg pqn. Loids.hip' nisi to
consider fiiiinews as a fiction, for 1, frinn'wherp 1
am, saw thew tall.•

•
• Be not, therefore,- alarmed-:-the - eneihy will
disktirge all their plunder, and the fate of the war
will be decided in tour days.
'The enemy's cavalry is at 'pre'sent at retr, as it
cannot act in our position."
The substance of the preceding loter wa4. commu-
nio:ll to Governowtit, whose only te.tson
doubting..it was,l that
.I,\lr. Ste Wart Wrote b;' the
Tonnara, that he 1110 received advices fro ,n Lot&
Wellington to the 24th of September, without 'men,
Bonin; this important event. No direct ii►spatches,
wtt understand, have been received from his Lord-
ship of a later date than the lBth ult.

The Tonnant from the Tagus about one
(A:kick on the afternoon of the 26th, and could have
brought intelligence from the army to the '2sth, at
which time the head-quarters were about 140 miles
from Lisbon. There are several letters • from
Oporto and Viana, all agreeing in the tact of dbat-
tle; but one of them states it to have taken place on
the 24th,

An Expedition, it, is said, iq preparing,;, which
to consist ot. ►en triptes, each to coniain'a nu►nber
of troops of the line, exclusive of a considerable pro-
portion of irarines.

Captain BUTTERFIELD iS appointed 10 command
the Malacca, a'neek• frigate, at IfVuolvvich.:

CdifBRIDGE, OCT. "A 2..

Wednesday, :.the first ;air of term, the In!
• ,
lowil!cr G-,,,,,111,,rnen were elef•t(dUtliceis.C4
-
"%erstiy for the year. .ensuing . •
:Pkne FOR s:—lsaart Asi-land, M. A. Pembryke..,]l.
Wilaky, M. A. I'eterhouse. • .
1 ()Mt Maul, M. A. ( hrist College.
Icine:S. M. A.. St. John's. .
'MODER A,TOttS. —Thomas lephson, M. A. St. Ic'wc,.
Thoimis Tyr ton, M. A. Cat.h. mall •
SCR UT vrokk.—Thorna, Yeasey, B. D. Peterhous,:.-
/itain Browne; M. A. Trinity.

The IteC.'lr.H..Ndaie, of Pembrok.t!:-.ball, was
on. Al3y. admitted Master of Arts.
•I
Toe Bev., Fraoci4
.w,, B. A. lir!
of tinny College, i, eletied Miuiste of St. J JoYs,
in Lefd,, vacant oy, tile death of the Rev.W. i)-
:ihanks., There were 16 candidates for this ValtiJi)le
pre!enTnen,t.

. .
The Rev. Edward Frank was last week instituted
to the Recto.ry of AidertOn
,SuVik,. on his own
petition, he being the Patron for this turn.
The Rev.• George. 'John iinfrrre, 'B. A. was at
the sane time instituted to the vicarage of Kicton,
Noriolk„on tbe.Oresentation of Colonel and Mrs.
Wodehouse.

The Rev. James Cullom, of Thurlow, is precent-
ed to the Prebendal Stall of Carlton-cute-Thurlbv,
in Lincoln Cathedi'al.

COOKE THE
,AcT,oß.—Having given.the letter
addressed.hy Mr. Cooks to Mr. HAap.ls, jun. 'of
Covent-Garden The:nre, yesterday, we teei it to bc
an .aa of justice to insert the fallowing letter froin
Mr. CoopEtt, the American Manager, addressed to
the Ed,tor:of a' Morning, Riper. We understand,
Lowever, that Mr. HARRIS has received ailetter
from, Mr.. LF.‘t ts,-the.late excellent a4lor of Covent--
Gar&ti Theatre, and one of the proprietors of the
LiverpOol Theatre, containing a statement of this
extraordin -try transaeiion, which essentially
.diffirs
frotu that of Mr. COOPER.

SI
It,. T • - Liverpool, October 7.
I have been fortunate in • engaging Mr. George
Cooke, of .Covent-Garden Theatre, to -play under
my•direotion th Amida, and On Thursdity tact he •
s,.iled from this port to New York. The reason
of
toy.troubling you with tins letter is, that anabsAtd
and ealurnoi6us report r, s obLtined in Liverpool
(owing, I presume, to 'the uegociations having been
carried on with seCteCy, and his intentions not hav-
ing• been known until he liati actually deorted), that
I had pre.piled -with .Mr..CoOke to quit Englund,
when he W3S • pre-vented by ebriety from exerting his
judgment and free Will upon the oteasion. It is
possible that this slander may reach London, and as
Mr: Coke k an obj,!Crt of considerable public inte-
re-t, 111 N V. find its way•inio the Journals: I as,ure
you, on it wort of honniir, that this is an absolute
'Llisehood, Ake: rtegoei-ation for the cork:eine:lt
,:Onder which 111r:-;CotAL hag flfibarked was co IP,
metwitd'about L;st, and ,was eon).
letod on the 3d inst. ILI the nnrh.nt4 of ;erE-il SO
1 r ety, and • et:tire understa.nting of .air the arrange-
That the secrecy that attended the tuoie
t' embarkation as only to prevent ilL::solieitatioa
of his triends in Livei-pool widen p,ig!it ;tun,
1.6 i-which he determined to dV, id, as he was re-'
solved upon 'the step he was about to 6ke. • My
übje'l is'to request, that tt nut h fusehoods'as I have
htzited at Sleuth Li .6 their way tao. the Loodou
l'al,ers, you would•f,ave the vocb,esS't6 'dedica:e a
pot of your. Paper to I hedevidl of the ali:gation.
itequesting you will imtdon the intrusion,.
I retitaiti, Sir,

Your very obedic!nt Servant,
• 1 u6mAs. A. COOPER.

Yesterday morning 150 recruits, belongin, to the
SA regiment of Royal. LanCashire Mlitia, marched
through town, to join their reeim:nrt at Dover.
PEDESTIqANISM.--The performance of Mr. G:b.-
bons, in his match of four miles an 'hour for three.
a.nd iTyllich has given risse to mud) speenknion
anprugst 'pedestrian's, tinishei on Thuisday Oreuing,
ou Maidetqlead Ilikkei',7wherd .Nature surn.,nortel
he .pedestridn-tcsigo, with a frame Mitch debili-
tated.; and %Oh iegS as bip,- as...thighs, fie had only
j 25 miles` to diTi in ten hours', when he gave in ; 'but
• he. had started from tie same ,drat, which is
• f.).e miles. Mr. GibbonS•nwasit a bad Wayyesterday
morning. .
A tire broke out on Wednesday night at the house
of the Rev. Mr. Giiide, at -Frumpton, about 7
from Dorehester,—which was occasioned by the
gligence ot-a'servant in setting fire to the'-drawing.
rs,oni curtains. Thehouse. was reduced" to a heap
o' rubbish, and not a particle Of furniture. was S.ivA:
A son of Mr, Guide lost his life in the flames, rind'
amiidAservant was so shocli,ingly burnt'insealchi
tg
alf4r the child, that she is not expected to survive.
Y'tsterday,'.at noon, a bullock, was selected out of
a drove going along Shn-street,' Bishopsgate-street,
by a png, who drove the beast along Shoreditch

Church-street, and Betbnal.green. 1)0'ot-beast
b,..csitne almost wild, and tossed several dogs. Offe
'of the Mob, who was very, aaive in hutifing the
was•gored-vil-;1, ;, in the • At length
sortie Poliec Officers u..toe their appearance, and 't e
fo(",b'digpersed. The bi-fst %.,•as then secured, and
restored .to its owner.

~ A requisition having been pfesentel to the
Sheritk t;f theco..)rny of:Kent, with a nuint.;;•l- iit'
speLiable signatures, for the purpose- of . Calling a
County Meeting 91: the Inhabitants, to consider 'a
Petition to the House of Cummons on the subject
of a Reform in Parliament compliance there:-'
with, the Sheriff has appOinted the same to be
holden on Monday, the 22,d instant, in the Alai-ker..
pl,!ce at Maidstone.'
- 'The orders from every place, by post, from to
Orkneys to the Land's End, flow wit` redon-
.dancy, as wen as from every part of th moirnpolis,
and the neighbouring villages, to the ..otfics,s-.lf
HORNSDY and Co. for Tickets and Shares. in thi.t
present Lottery.—The last five Lotteries have pro-
duced among Hoittirss? and Co.'s f iends the foliox-
-ing • remarkabld Capital Prizes: five of 20,000!,
three of 10;0001, four of 5,0001.,• five of .2,0001.,
ten of 1,0001:, and twelve 01-5001., at' ;Leh- oia
established State Lottery 0 rice'', gib, Cornhilt -an,l
St. Margaret's Hill, Borough. -
