The GOVERNOR—The Government. We give them a
statement of our accounts, and they strike the average.
Mr. WEEDING—You have lowered the interest on advances
to Three-and-a-Half per Cent. Now that has been genei.aliy
taken to mean that you have lowered the interest on loans ;
and I wish to know whether it is to be considered as a perma-
nent or temporary lowering of the interest?
The GOVERNOE—No notice of that sort has been given.
Mr. WEEDING wished also to ask whether the commercial
conflictions that had taken place had occasioned any loss to
the Bank ?

The GOVERNOR—We certainly hope not.
no loss that we know of hitherto.

We have had

Mr. WEEDING-And you have reason to expect that you
will not incur a large loss for the future ?
The GOVERNOR-Certainly I should say so.
Mr. WELLS—With regard to what has been asked by an
Hon. Proprietor, I beg to say that no notice is necessary be-
tween the Government and the Bank, because the 59th Geo. 111.
regulates all payments between the Government and the Bank.
The GOVERNOR then put the question, that a dividend of
4 per cent. be declared, which was carried unanimously.
The GOVIERNOR stated that the dividend warrants would be
ready on the sth of April next.
The Court then adjourned.

NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.

ADJOURNED MEETING.
(THIS DAY.)

A meeting was this day held at Exeter Hall, pursuant to
adjournment, for the purpose of accommodating those who
were excluded from the great meeting of yesterday, by the
crowded state of the Hall. The hour fixed for taking the
Chair was twelve o'clock ; but the doors were opened at half-
past nine, and at ten o'clock there were upwards of 2,000
persons assembled, of whom a very large proportion were
ladies. By twelve o'clock the Hall was nearly full, but it by
no means presented the chocked appearance of yesterday.
We should estimate the numbers at between 3,000 and
and 4,000. A few minutes after twelve o'clock slight syreP-
turns of impatience began to be manifested, which were scarcely
to be wondered at, when so large a portion of the assembly
had taken their seats before ten o'clock. A person of respect-
able appearance standing under the platform called out seve-
ral times with great vehemence, and pointing to the clock,
" Will any one take the Chair?" No answer. " Then I
will."—(Great laughter.) The gentleman then pushed his
way to the platform, throwing aside those around him, and
bawling out, " Let me pass, let me pass." He then mounted
the platform, and was about to take possession of the
chair, when he was laid hold of by several gentlemen, who
at first end'avoured to remove him by gentle means. But
he worked himself into a fury—struggled, kicked, and roared,
like a madman, and was at length removed with great diffi-
culty. His ejection was followed by loud cheering. In a
few minutes afterwards Lord Brougham arrived, and was
greeted in the most enthusiastic manner. We observed
at
this time on the platform Sir Charles Styles, M. P., r'
Pease, M. P., Mr. Ewart, late Member for Liverpool, Mr.
George Thomson, the Rev. Messrs. Sherman, flowaro,
Beaumont, and several other eminent friends of emancipation.
Lord BROUGHAM on taking the chair said, I believe this is
the first time that ever such a thing was known in this great
metropolis, as the adjournment of a meeting of this description
and I think, from what I heard last night, and this morning,
that the effect produced by our proceedings yesterday an
to-day will not be without good results towards forwarding our
object.—(Great cheering.)
The Rev. Dr. Cox came forward to move the first resolu-
tion. He said after the passing of the Act of 1833, which
took effect on the Ist of August, 1834—entitled an Act
for Abolishing Slavery throughout the British Colonies,
promoting the industry of the emancipated slaves, and
compensating the persons hitherto entitled to the services
of those slaves—it was supposed by the British
that the thing was done, and the strong feeling which hads
been excited in the cause of the negro immediately subsides'
in a great degree, and at a later period might be said to have
subsided altogether, in consequence of the delusion that slavery
was finally abolished. The opinion had been expressed that
that excitement could not be renewed ; but he would say 11°"'
that if any one doubted that it was likely to be renewed when
the public felt that they had been deluded, " look to the con-
gregated thousands of yesterday and of to-day."—( Cheers.)
He appealed to that meeting if the feeling was not likely to
be again excited—(Cheers)—he appealed to them, had the
feeling been so much removed that the public mind was
not likely to be again excited ?--( Hear, and cheers.)
and was not that class to which the Resolution he held in his
hand alluded likely to be aroused to exert their influence over
the people whom it was their duty to instruct in everything
honourable to humanity, and dear to religion.—(Great cheer.-
lug.) Nothing was more honourable to humanity than such
a manifestation of feeling as was witnessed in that room yes-
terday.—( Hear, hear.) That feeling proceeded from nretee
eneY
causes. Its source was to be found partly in
sympathy of human nature, which was not rests
over
either by latitude or longitude, but travelled
the whole earth, and which, wherever men were n.e
found in destitution or degradation, arose in all the
and might of charity.—( Applause.) lie was not to consider
man his neighbours only when born in the same country.
the
id
Whatever his country, his language, or his cliniate--"
although the sun should have burnt him into a different colour
—still he was his neighbour, and his sympathies were due to
him.—(Cheers.) That sympathy was also to be traced in
this country to another source, with which no one was better
acquainted than the Noble Lord in the chair (Brougham)---
--
the progress of knowledge and the education of the people.
(Great applause.) The fact that the schoolmaster has been,
and is likely to be, abroad, is one cause of that feeling--
He knew that the Noble Lord rejoiced that the
was an enlightened sympathy—arising out of reason, a' (..!
knowledge, and reflection.—(Hear, hear, and cheers')
And it assured him that if we should fail to put down slaverP
our children would destroy and extirpate the mouster.-.--0-
(Cheers.) Here he was reminded of what was said of
synipathY.
statue of Memnon which was raised by the Ethiopians, sc.lilhet,
was said to issue sounds, at the rising of the morning l'g
od
like the snapping of the cord of a harp full of melody
long_
beauty trembling along the gale. This nation did for a
time stand like a statue unmoved and unaffected by the wrong'
of suffering humanity—perhaps because the law was strong
and the sufferers were too distant and too weak. The time wt!itt.
not long passed when, instead of the crowds which thronged %Lib,
Hall yesterday, and the thousands who were there to-daY, )
room would not be half filled on such an occasion.--( Elea,tio
The fact was the light was rising. It had touched the sta`
and made it vocal. The sweet sounds of humanity aan-ci
b
sympathy were poured forth, and they would not only rhe'sebei
the ears of Senators and Statesmen, but they would tone"
heart of Royalty, and teach that young and tender heart t
sweet lesson of charity and Christian love.—( ApPlatlisies.e.
He (Dr. Cox) rejoiced to witness this manifestation of fee-''
• na--
on the subject, mingled, perhaps, with some degree ofties a
tience, for it was characteristic of the human mind to leer
impatience in proportion as success approached. The rahclei
who in the early part of his career might have been enfee'sd
and dispirited by apprehension, redoubles his efforts, 'two
strains every nerve when he finds himself about to reach,
sea
this gaol ; on the same principle it was that the public mini" ,j
this question, was beginning to feel still more impatient, 'ad,
somewhat indignant, as it hastened on in its career tolsrarra
that victory. And soon would the songs of triumph be tica_a
amidst the glories of success.—(Cheers.) This he.ll 11‘,,
been, and would be crowded, for the purpose of rousing'ceber
taro slumbering individuals who were not otherwise to
na
roused from their comfortable, official sleep,—(Cheers Ilse
loud laughter.) But ,the influence of meetings ice
these, headed by the Noble Lord in the chair, who had a
to rouse even their slumbers, would wake the country, ''''"°tif
energies had too long slept, and this base system would sl4°!-big
be put down, not by warlike weapons but by the irresisu
force of public opinion.—( Loud cheers.) The question %lt
one of justice and purely of justice.—( Cheers.) 20,000,00 t,
had been paid to the planters, who had grasped the 11Weeinfe
and then refused to fulfil the conditions of the covea'd
into which they had entered—(Cheers)—and the objee„- t .
these meetings was to compel them to fulfil that coven n•
upon which the 20,000,0001. was received by them—the 0114,
cipation of the slaves.—( Loud cheers.) They had taken t'A,
money, but had merely re-baptized slavery with another na
—that of apprenticeship.—(Cheers.) But the spirit of frel',
dom was abroad in the world—the spirit which in this: coon; ;
had put down the tyranny of the Stuarts, and destroy'
..„
superstition which had existed under the name of
and repealed the Test and Corporation Acts—(Chfeser-
-and given us Catholic Emancipation.—(Repeated eP-Oise
ing,) This glorious spirit of freedom was marchingcrei
wards, unappalled by opposition, unchecked by the '' the
and scoffing of the interested and selfish—enkindling
tof
hearts of countless myriads, and touching the tender helfess
Britain's youthful Queen, enthroned as she was in the a„., of
tions of her people, and destined to diffuse the ble
the ssieb.o,)
liberty throughout the universal world..—(Loud
The Resolution which he had to move, was as follows tine"
That, relying on the great principle that it is repugnallt tsty
spirit and genius of Christianity for man to hold proPe-isise
man, this meeting would earnestly call upon Christian ludoro,
ters, of all denominations, throughout the United King. to
to combine, by all scriptural and constitutional mean of
of
effect the total, unconditional, and immediate aholitietioud
the unrighteous system of negro apprenticeship. 4
cheers The .) ra to
Rev. DAVID KING, of Glasgow, then came fecw:
second the resolution. The humanity of England an-, yes--
land having been strongly manifested in the meeting e'sO of
terday, that Scotland might also have a voice in the "nue the
humanity he had come forward to-day. He was one le of
four delegates who had presented the address of the nee& the
Scotland, signed by 134,000, to her Majesty, praYing
accomplishment of the great object of the present race' „,,ct-
( Cheers.) When he surveyed the present vast and re-
able assembly, he felt awed and repressed ; but when Is
collected that he expressed the sentiments and wishe.'would
multitude which many such buildings as the present .090
not contain he felt that the course that he was adoptitn% the
the right one.—( Cheers.) There was a time owlet,
southern and northern divisions of the island were in e° That
and when their only object was to subjugate each othef-bini to
time hal now gone by, and it was a pleasing duty lb'. , but
say that the present meeting was not for the subjugaetVshmen.
for obtaining for the negroes the rights which E
possessed. —( Cheers.) The address to which he
was presented to her Majesty yesterday, and on
_ntsesrq or
sentation he could not but observe the disinterested
scr'ono
his youthful Sovereign—(Cheers)—if, therefore, the
ssibiliti
of the negroes were prolongated, they could nand y P° , how
be chargeable to her Majesty—(Cheers)— if rif they
great was the responsibility of her Majesty's adviser.
sanctioned the perpetuity of those wrongs and miseriets.leinv
the countenance of their Royal Mistress would enable
haiclit;ri(!_fe.,rrreed.
