e7foore lueeative profe.set
I porting zt tertgo, cousi,tiog 11,, henered,
(Continhed fom Thurri jt • • I from IN/Lisa mbirio.;! to the Isle et France:. They had
"rtis a reproach but too well feuptie 1 that, • scarcity pat to: when the smell-post brokeoot
wherever Europeans have extended their e )itouests smon,. ther.n.„: 011 three or tttir,sthe ;pestoles -r.tp;
'seared in Orli a manner- as te leitee deubt As to
.
11) foreign countries, he ininitlers .of the it ati t'es
have,eradeally dlr./finished, new and. destruCtive. dis- tire nature of the disease ; and about a liot.en tit
cols have been .iotreduced, their -physical .powers the rest. Were considered to he'infeEted. •As if was
have been climinialee'4.fisr.oe.,eopions use of poWl-
,pretty evident that none of the cargo hid gone
'
ours. spirits, their rninetlecorrtipted theft ly-
through the disease, and equally so that they coukt
ing, their primitive,simplicity;destreyed, their means not esciipe infeClion ;,,,,and as the chances were, id
of' sohsiitenee• rendered more precarious .and
this event, that the tiaartality would greatly exceed
cult, whilst they have rarely made a single step in seven .per cent. the slave merchant resolved to throw
the
.progress towards civil polity, or the least ad- tile fifteen or sixteen infected persons immediately
vancetuent. in arts, manutadures, ortnorality. If overboard.... This afterwards:wrote an account
the hump mind, in every variety of the species, of his voyage to the East Indies, in which lie taikt
was not known. to be capable of progressive tin a great about huinanity,-bnt carefully4voids the
provement, the fault might be supposed to rest with mention cif this Ittosaetion. 'At the Calie,Of 'Good
Hope, howeVer, he made no secret ot, bur assumesl the :rongh and stubborn .temper of the unpoliehed ;
natives'; but it demands only a slight inquiry into ' h degree of merit in what .he had done. He knew
the modes-of treatment, which is sonic colonists are well enough that the good people of this settlement
cruel .and ciutrageods, and in others Zealous and had proper notions on the value of blacks. By the
tolerant, frilly to account for this melancholy'. truth. ' French part of the inhabitants he was applauded fot,
humanity, iniecrificing a fest for the safe- As on instance of the former mode of preteedin, I his great hu
have had occasion to represent the conduCts of the ty of. the. whole ; and the Dutch admired the. pru.
dent step be had taken to secure the greater part of
Dutch boorStowards the. Hottentots ; and the Por-
tugnese in the Brazils afford but too striking an ex.. so valuable a property. Every body .ipplatitlett the..
ample ,of the latter. For although the Jesuits,
in conned of tine Frenchman, but none seemed to pity
;
their government of Paraguay, united such a degree t the fate of the poor blacks. • 7
of prudence, skill, arid • perseverance, to" the Most « Whatever the pretensions of other nations may F.
consummate knowledge of human natae, as would t be, In regard to the good treatment of their slaves, I
no doubt have completed the civilization of South iarn inclined to think that the method pursned by the
AtnerltNr ; yet 'Other misitionaries of different or,.ters, Portuguese planters of ths Brazils is far frOm beipg
by art intemperate zeal in the same cause, destroyed ; the worst. ;the master expeas front the slave
the fair prospect of fruit by blighting tho tree iii its
.cerelin quantity of lob= la the week, .whieh is
blossom. It was •an joyariable principle of the Je- calculated to be sufficient to employ four days of
suits to give:o4V to the prevailing superstitions or ; nio:terate the Other two are for hinFs,
the oatives, to study
_and to eueottrage their nta4 svl,l; but" ot of the proeeedi of the labour of these
rooted prejudices, so as to be able, by. meeting them two days
.he must clothe and feed himself for the
on. their (I n•,i,ruenct ‘yhen nreper occasions occur-- whOle week.. By such a system the lash of the
;red, to employ the fbesehey Might have converted, i white is 'unnecessary, ; the mastet is at no expence
as active instromenti . ter' oringing about a general beyond the first cost,. which is about twenty ',trends;
turn in favour of the grand object of their mission: and the slave, by.the surplus produce of the
.labent
'A'be Dominicans, the Frztociscans, and the .Berle-'bestowed on his own account, is frequently enabled'
ditaines aimed, on the contrary, to overturn at once. to lay by :a sufficient sum to purchase his freedotn.
every sacred superstition itt the religious creed of the Those who are clOonied to work at the minti expe.
natives, and to force upon them an unconditional riencat worse treatment than such as are employed in
compliance with the novel doctrines Of their tiivn ; domestic purposes, or in agriculture. The tern/Ail.
(loarines which, in their purest and most simple Lion 'to-' sel:tete small. diamOnds'llas Sometimes in-
Clress; could not .possibly be understood, because duceci the slsves to swallow them. Whenever the
they did not apply to the condition of ;savege life ;• labour of the day has not been usually productive,
much less so, when invol'ved mystery and. dis- or any othercause of suspicion arises that such may
have beets the case, .ehey ore put tor a certain time
giitsed in eel-en-req. That man who thinks to con-
vert a savage to. Christianity, by preaching the doe- in close confinement, and a strong dose of ipectieu•
trine of a fettfre state.Of rewards and punishments, .abh.i is administered. If this should not produce the
and by. endeavouriri ;to convince 'slim that ail his 1 desired .effeet; the next steplito ply. them,.like the
time and attention, and faiths must be employed to pearl fishers of Ceylon,• with powerful cathartics;
secure the salvation of hiS soul ie another world, till the poor, creatures are clearly exhausted ; and
Whilstens,hody is ,pining nod perishing for want in thiS 'happens very often when, they are perfettly
thin, betrays a:ttiost Wortil ignorance of the lininan innocent." '
mind, and is not likely to boot much use in forward-
itig the
.eaese he is scot to promote.' com-
mence a discourse wither savage on the bliss of `his
soul, of which he has no Conscious existeuce,
whit it hunger, disease, and pain, torment his betty;
would het absurd and preposterous.. Those have the •
better cause in band who en'cleaViint to render ple.;-
lure arid profit compatible and to give
4:lltestsiene a taste of happiness thiS world, as the
serest flit'oo;g4,,,ef awakening in him the desire of ex
tendiog tO. ttre.,,,wlit. To direta his mind to ob,
Jea's of which I.le,Aitc.)inpreltend the utility
convince him, by exampleZtbss4„ws, .quantily of imp.
vinesl is capable...of ,being trztetAisfit
notions of property, end thecomforissit is capable, of
procullng :--these are this more effeCtUal means '•
from* man mild,and sociable to Plan,
.4 To ottnyate the wild 14:entiutti savage
•4 With wisdom, di4ciptine, and liberal arts;"
Than by conipclli tg`liisassctit to d.a. mesi, of \t loch
lc can neither comprehend the reasbning,
,nor feel
Tina is begintiing entirely it the wrong
end and the cbstinate adherepce to such a system,
by the more rigid )iilers'ol'Patli6lics .in the Brazils,
obliged there, 'after the dcstradioo tfre ,Jesuits, to
.ttianden the: ealsts.e
,nitogether, The: consequence of
was,, that
.the greater part. of, the natives are
ht this rnoieent as uncivilized as, and' perhaps more
So Than, When the tenuity was first discovered.
",The antipathy .of the;Braziliatis to the Portu-
guese is so great, that the Viceroy I!; not, able, with.,
stet ones dig-lenity, to keep up an establishment of
:c‘velvss' :rowers of, the state 'barge. These were the
only real narteter-sveAest,;_ap , opportunity of seeing
dUritig our stay of three weeks, Their ;,featpres
were- 101'•11RIchl-ClitfereLit from those of the Malays,
.T.utars,, end- Citiertse. Their stature xv:ts short.
)110:• appeared tn...nc of a grove sod serious disposi-
tteu, seidont eiocalsing to each other, apd indicating
an. aversitei rci cOnimunieate svit it strangers. They
hlsek and• the beard was visible only
tats the uppor fit, turd utter, tint chin. Those Who
engage tit ,ei.viet: are said,tu be so mech.:detested
by their cbuntrymen, as to prevent Oleo) front etOr
retat iirig to their horde, appreheirsis'e that if once
in talc it ptissessiou they svonid certainly be pin tri.
decth. . ,
When the Pertupese were sufliciently,con-
vipeed of 11)e tit•iticacy. of the sttetirpt,.to reduce'
thesliraOlinis to, slavery, or to compel thitn to sub-
mit to the labours.of agriculture, their rieXt'recourse
v. 34 tt) cite ,SettiettlelllS they had already- acquired..
sin the coast of. Africa 'for a, supply of negrees.
Whole , these ill-fated people were An
-
nuttily transported :from their native country and
their eonnexions-?etit off from every, hope of re-
. turning, and doomed: to toil for the renelinder ref
their days in the hweign'tields of Serail ; Amer lea.;
The nuelher -whiell at present is said to he antnully
imported- anemias en an ti erase, to twenty thou-
sand; !Jensl as thi-etternait..d,;;is constant, whilst. the
.quantity of produce, is supposed tube little i fat all in-
creased for several years past; therc are.strong grounds
to suspeB :that atrieast an tqui3l number to those
;imported must he destroyed every year. Yet these
*pie wake boast of treating their slaves better
than any at berttatien. The French ;and the Dutch
dti,,,:,thes, same ; and. they all unite in asserting, that'
the, English are the most cruel to their slaves.--
People, however, are apt to -differ in their.notions
of ,Inunanity, as well as on less important points ;
anet,'Where the whale system is bad, the degrees
ofattheiko may perhaps be the less discernible. Bad
as our countrymen tire, 1:' am still inclined to tioOe'
that few are to be found among them wh6 would,
ea, on a similar occasions in the same manner as
ant about. to relate. An. Officer in the French
tn;, having tthlcyyered that dealing in slaves was

THE ~ 3RA Zt S.

1

MEL/IND.

WATElti6olll), 'DEC. t 6.—A letter from' Corti;
save--!‘:The Bankers of this city, wt understand,
have cotteUrred in the wish of Government, to stop
the cirealati,ot of small notes; and, have bignified,
that those wind) may be received at their respective
banksoviljbe cancelled., to prevent the possibility
of their finding their way again into circulation.
'lie abSence of 'his circulating medium will he im-
mediately supplied bran issue -of Silver .by Oovern-
Went ; Lind this dtv Mr. 'MAnotst, the Inspc4tor-Ge-
floral of St. rnp-butics, can Ins measures
for suppres,ing the•circulation of small notes in this
city, by a Proclamdtion crying down the credit of
that species of paper ',currency as illegal, and
nonce to the,public, that every iwnton who shall
g:vc 'or take sin all notes after this diy, will be fined
according to lays'."

I.inatttch., Dec. 15.—Last Fridity evening five
waggon loads of silver and copper tokeng arrived
here from the liank of Ireland, which were depo-
sit,,:d with the different paymasters of the regiments
quartered in this' city.

. ,
Yesterday morning, 50 young men, recruits for
the Limerick City Militia, tnaichod hence to join
that regiment at Bailyshannon.

Cow:, 17.-I'his morning, at si o'clock,
disp.itches I'm Admiral WIIITAtiab arrived in town
from Dublin, by express. We have not learnt the
nature of them, :but from the unusual circumstance
of their being brought by a corporal and two private
dragoons; it may be presumed they are of consider—
able importance.--A rumour has vevailed here this '
tt:‘,-, that a British Sql,adron is'now oti the Western
coat of this country. We have endeavoured, itt
vain, t:) trne it to ritiy authentic source ; but, as it
is known that a Squadron of rive Sail of the Line
Icom l'ortStuouth on MOnday seinniglit under
the broad pendant of Captain lim.4err, and as we •
btqlew it•is! itte;int6tton of Government to station
a naval force atr, the South-west coast of Ireland
during the •remainder. of, the winter, the rumour is
perims!i' not unworthy of credit. If it be well found.
.ed,. attd we may indulge a colijeature, the commtmi- ,
cation by express to Admiral WillTstmo posibly
.contains instrutlions.te Captain Itutsurr relative
to the Russian Squadron:

, crtrTnc nr.--The City Qf Westminster,
Iron the jiudinous plans of Mr. WYATTi: is .at length
assuming a beauty and character worthy of the me-
tropolis. Extensive improvements ;ire to be con-
firmed.- .by. widening Duke-street, to St. James's- -
Park, terminating with iron gates, and a similar
street is to be made across Warwickostreet, in a di.
red line with the Haymarket., On the North and
South sides of the Parade, public buildings are to be
proje.aed from the Admiralty and Treasury Offices,
and an elegant stone edifice, of the Grecian Doric
Order, is,proposed to be erceted on the West side,
for the residence and office .of the Commander in
Chief, .from the classical' designs of Mr. Wit.soir,
the whole forming one entire quadrangle. A new
street has also been suggested opposite the Horse
Guards, terminating with a magnificent triumphal
arch .• towards the Thames;

Three or four Cambridge buck', on Thursday
seinnight, made a wager, for 100 gninea:4, that they
would dance at the Bail atiiuntingdon. and also at
the Nev Zohmi at Bury, the s.ttne night; which
thoy aecomplishN4 although I distance of 68 nailes,
and victitipated, for some ilUtitS at each place, ir4
the pleasant) of the blue,
