count of their services, and the respect with which the
French' Marine is every where regarded.

M. DEVAUX and M. BENJAMIN CONSTANT in-
veighed against the insufficiency, of the Laws to sup-
press the slave trade, as well as against internal eco-
nomy of the Colonies. But, after the reply of the
Minister of Marine, the' vote for a part of the Naval
eipences was carried, and the remainder agreed to
be discussed on another day.
In reading this debate we have been forcibly struck
with two points. Ist, The attention which it is ob-
vious is now paid to the affairs of the Navy in France,
which will ultimately render her aaain a formidable
Naval power ; and 2dly, the unblushing effrontery of
the Minister in making declarations of the « honest
intentions" of France for the suppression of the Slave
Trade, when the contrary is known to be the fact.
As room will not admit to-day of our offering our
remarks on these two subjects, we must postpone
them, but we shall revert to the subject in a very
few days.

The Allgemeine Zeitung of the 6th instant reached
us this morning. The following are extracts, from
which it will be seen that the boats of his Majesty's
ship Alacrity, Captain HOPE JOHNSTONE, had
severely chastised some Greek pirates:—

SMYRNA, APRIL 28.
The following is the official account of the operations of the
English squadron against the Greek pirates :
" The English sloop Alacrity, Captain Hope Johnstone, sailed
from Smyrna in pursuit of the pirates, which do such unspeakable
injury to the mercantile marine of all nations. On the 9th April
the Alacrity was pursued near Anti-Ipsara by two Greek mystics,
which mistook her for a merchantman. These mystics, well
manned and armed, (lid not perceive their error, as the prisoners
state, till they were within two miles of the English sloop : they
then took to flight, the Alacrity pursued them, but as the
wind was very faint, the Captain put out his long-boat,
under the command of Mr. Triscott,. his First Lieutenant,
who chased the pirates thirteen miles. The latter being forced
to run their vessels aground on the Mole of Ipsara, took a position
among the ruins of the towns, whence they commenced a brisk
fire of musquetry on the English vessel, Lieut. Triscott dis-
lodged them from their position, where they left their wounded.
These two mistics carried long guns of a large calibre, and were
immediately burnt. Ou the following day, the English vessel
was chased near Andros, by two other large mistics, better armed
than even the others. The same manteuvre was executed ; the
pirates threw themselves on the coast, and posted themselves in a
tower which protected their vessels. But the Alacrity having
approached, kept up a constant cannonnade, which covered the
landing of Lieutenant Triscott, and enabled him to carry the
little fort at the point of the bayonet. The pirates, to the number
of 60, took flight. These mistics were each armed with two
heavY guns : they were burnt like the preceding.
"In these two affitirs, the Alacrity had three men severely
wounded. Mr. Wheatley, the second lieutenant, was very dan-
gerously burnt. The Greeks had 40 killed, and '7O taken pri-
soners : the latter are all wounded.
"Com. Hamilton, commanding the English naval force in the
Mediterrinean, gives, in his order of the day, the greatest praise
to Lieut. Triscott."
Colocotroni appears at length to gain the ascendancy. Mauro-
tordito, to avoid an ignominious death, had been obliged to fly by
night from Napoli di Romania. He has retired to Hydra, whither
Conduriotti is also gone, to seek an asylum from their common
enemy. While all these intrigues, which were to produce this po-
litical event, were carrying on in the Morea, Ibrahim Pacha
closely pressed Missolonghi, where a handful of &diets long op-
posed to him a truly heroic resistance. At length they have been
obliged to yield, and Ibrahim, as we learn, is master of that place.
Thus Greece is nearly at the end of its pretended independence.—
For let us ”..ot deceive ourselves ; a people may retain for a time,
even in chains, the consciousness of its native dignity ; but when
generations have been born and bred in slavery, such a people
has nothing more remaining of freemen than the external form.
Xeno and Prassacaqui, who were at the head of the Admiralty
Court at Napoli di Romania, have resigned, as they saw the pirates
with the poniard in their hands, dictate to them the most unjust
sentences of condemnation. The Court was then dissolved. It
has Since been re-organised; three Cephalonians, already known
by their excesses, now compose it, and will certainly act in concert
with the pirates by condemning every thing, that they may have
their share." •

urxsA, MAY 31.

Her Majesty the Archduchess Maria Louisa arrived at the
Imperial palace yesterday evening, and was most affectionately
received by their Majesties and the Imperial Family. To-mor-
row the Emperor and Empress go to Luxemburg, where the in-
habitants have made preparations to give them a rural but most
cordial reception. Luxemburg will be illuminated in the even-
ing. The Archduchess Maria Louisa follows them on Saturday.
VLF.Nick, Jt.:Ni I.—Meta 901; Bank Shares, 1,111.

We have received this forenoon, by Express, the Austria►z
Observer of the 31st of May, by which it appears that the Turks
have commenced the evacuation of Moldavia and 'Wallachia. Au
article, dated Bncharest, May 19, states, that on the preceding
day, Bacitaxscum AGA IBRAHIM, with all his lieschlis, left that
place, in consequence of orders from the Porte.

THE FUNDS.

CITY, Twelve o' Clock this Day.

Every thing connected with the Funds seems dull and without
interest. Consols opened this morning at 80i. being the same
price they left off at yesterday ; they did not long remain at this
quotation, but soon after fell to 84 to i. Further sales of S per
Cent. Reduced this morning, have, together with the scarcity of
money, caused this reduction in price ; 3 per Cent. Reduced have
been done at 78k, 9. In the Foreign market an equal dullness
continues. Exchequer Bills are 4to 5, pm.
Three per Cent. Consols, shut; Ditto, for Account, 80i ;
4 per Cent. Scrip, pm. ; India Bonds, 6, 8 ; Exchequer
Bills, 4,6, pm. _ _

- .
FOREIGN Funns.—Mexican, 5 per Cent., 52, 3; Ditto, 6
per Cent., 60i; Colombian, 1824, 39k, 40; Russian,
76i, 80i- ; Greek, 14.4 ; Austrian, 67, 8 ; Brazilian, 56, 7 ;
Buenos Ayres, 59, 61 ; Chilian, 40, I.
miNEs.—Anglo Mexican, 171,12 i, die. ; Brazilian, 9,7, dig.;
Pasco Peruvian, 10, 9, dig. ; United Mexican 21,114, dis. ;
6,7, pm, ; Tlalpurahua, par; Real del Monte, 45, dig.
One o Clock.

Consols; which were, on the previous hour, at 84 for the Ac-
count, receded to 84 to I, in consequence of heavy sales in Re-
duced, and the market appealed very heavy up to the present
time ; they may be quoted at 80/, with the market looking more
firm. In the Foreign market all South American looking heavy.
Old Spanish, '72 to 8 ; Mexican, 591; Colombian, 39k, ;
Peruvian, 29 to 1; Russian, 79i, ; Greek Bonds, 14 to ;
Exchequer Bills, 4 to 5, pin. ; Reduced, 79 to
• • Two co' Clock.
The Consul Market is rather better, Console have been done at
buYers ; the situation of the Funds is such, and. with the
present scarcity of money, that the fall of even a small amount im-
mediately affects them.

THREE o'CLOCK,

Consols are 80/ to i.
FOUR o'CLOCK_CLOSING PRICES.
Bonds
Consols ' Danish Bonds 55
Do. for O. 80 Greek Bonds 182 14
Brazilian ands 56 - . IViexicanßonds 1825, 601.
Buenos Ayres 6029
' . 5
' Peruvian Bonds
Chilian Rusian Bonds 79i .
Columbian, 1824, 394 Spou ' t.ll 7i '
