MARLBORO UGH-STREET.

THE RECENT EXTRAORDINARY ROBBERY AT
CROCKFORD'S BAZAAR.—On Monday last a state-
ment appeared in most of the Daily Papers, detail.
ing the circumstances of a robbery, presumed to be
committed by some ladies of high respectability,
under pretence of purchasing articles at a standing
in Crockford's Bazaar, in St. James's-street. The
parties were permitted to depart, but their carriage
was watched to their residence near Richmond, and
in consequence of the circumstance becoming known
to the owner of the property purloined, he came
yesterday to this office, accompanied by a solicitor,
named Carlos, and his own shop-woman, and ap.
plied to Messrs. DYEttand CONANT, the sitting Ma-
gistrates, for a warrant to apprehend the presumed
offenders.

The solicitor, after detailing the nature of his
application, and the grounds upon which he made
it, observed that his client felt it his duty to bring
this charge forward, in order to have it properly
investigated, so that if the offence was established,
the rank and station of the offenders should not af-
ford any protection from punishment.
Mr. DYER remarked, that whatever the rank or
consequence of the party accused, such circumstaaces
ought not to shelter their conduct from inquiry.
The Solicitor had heard it stated, if a trades-
man attempted to institute an inquiry into cases si-
milar to the present, it was sure to bring ruin upon
him ; but his client was determined, whatever the
consequences, that public justice should be attained.
Margaret Findlay, sworn and examined—l
am in the service of Mr. Downes, a jeweller, in
Upper High-street, Islington, who has a stand in the
St. James's-street, Bazaar, which I superintend.
On Friday week, the 9th of November, three ladies,
apparently mother and daughters, came into the
Bazaar; the two yougest came up stairs to my stand,
and one of the young ladies requested to be shown
a boa clasp, which, in order to obtain, I was obliged
to go to the further end of the stand. I suited
them with the article, and while they were making
the purchase, the two young ladies requested to be
shown a gold seal arid a gold locket, which I gave
into their hands to inspect. After they had quitted
the counter I missed both those articles, and in order
to be quite certain I had not mislaid them, I made
a strict search, in which I was assisted by two or
three of the Bazaar young ladies, who were informed
of the loss. Not being able to find the articles, I
went down stairs and saw the young ladies at another
jeweller's stand, one of whom I accosted, and re-
quested to know if the seal and locket had not acci-
dently stuck to the fringe of their shawls. They
complied, and shook their shawls, and afterwards
examined thetr reticules at my request, without
dis-
covering anything. Feeling at a loss what course
to adopt, I applied to the Inspectress, Mrs. John-
son, who requested the young ladies would arcom-
pa:sx hoe up ot.ia a, sho, • eutately did, and in
two or three minutes after they came back to my stand,
I found the seal and locket placed on some black
ornaments which were on the counter. lam quite
positive they were not there before the young la-
dies came up the second time. I was very much
agitated at the occurrence; and having stated that I
had missed another seal in a few moments after the
first discovery, I found it on the other side of the
counter. The young ladies were standing close by
the places where all the articles were found, at the
time when they were brought up stairs the second
time. Two officers then came up, one of whom
saw one of the young ladies put the last seal on the
counter, and who requested that they would walk
down stairs. Ido not know what took place with
them afterwards, but upon proceeding to count the
stock of pins, I missed two of them, which were
afterwards shown to me, as having been taken from
a pocket behind one of the young ladies by the in-
spector. All the articles were done up in a parcel,
and placed in the hands of Mr. Crockford, jun. I
do not know their names, nor did I see their card;
I only know they were carriage people.
Mr. DYER—Were there any other ladies purchas-
ing goods at your stand at the time?
\\Titnes—The two young ladies were the only
customers I had during the day. There was no
crowd at all about my stand when they purchased
the boa clasp, but there were some persons cer-
tainly collected, owing to the search which I was
making.
The Solicitor, in answer to an inquiry from the
Magistrate, could not bring forward the evidence of
the person who had searched the young ladies, and
had found the pins upon them, because he had not
been enabled to see Mr. Crockford: for, as this
person was his servant, she could not attend without
first obtaining his permission. He wished to know
if there was any objection to his stating the names
of the accused parties.
Mr. DYER replied there could be no difficulty
about the names. He was not deciding whether the
parties were guilty or not guilty—he only sat there
to investigate the until.
The Solicitor then said the name of the ladies
was Turton, and that they resided at East Sheen.
Margaret Findlay, on being questioned further,
said the elder lady did not come to her stall, and
neither of the young ladies made any observation
when the seals were found ; she, however, had heard
that when they were searched, and the pins found,
they had offered to pay for the articles.
Clement, an officer of this establishment, was
present at the transaction, but did not see the ladies
searched, nor did he know that anything beyond the
seals had been discovered. He was ordered to fol-
low them when they entered their equipage, which
was a very handsome one, and he then jumped into
a cab, and, after he saw them set down at their resi-
dence in East Sheen, he called and saw the butler,
who stated that the ladies resided there. _ .

Mr. Downes, the proprietor of the stand, said it
was due to him to state that he did not know of the
circumstance until yesterday, and therefore he was
anxious to disprove publicly the inference con-
tained in the paragraph which had appeared in the
daily papers, that he had compromised what he must
consider, if proved, to be a felony.
Mr. DYER said Mr. Downes had acted very Pre-
perly in the case, and but one plain duty as a Magis-
trate was left to him, and that was, to grant a war-
rant.

The parties then retired into the Clerk's office, and
a warrant was made out. The value of the articles
stolen was stated to be about three guineas.
INFORMATIONS AGAINST PUBLICANS.—A man,
named Murray, who has hitherto figured in the
character of witness to the notorious Johnson, ap-
peared at this office yesterday to support two infor-
mations against publicans, which he had laid on his
own account. The. first was against Mr. Jones,
landlord of the Red Lion, South-street, for permit-

ring the game of dominoes to be played in his
house. Mr. Jones pleaded guilty to the charge, and
alleged, in extenuation, that the game was suffered
in oilier public-houses, and he was compelled to
allow it, or his customers would leave him. He
had, a few weeks back, forbidden the game to be
played in his house, and the consequence was that
his trade fell off, so that he was obliged to resume
the practice, which, however, he was quite willing
to prevent, provided others did the same.
Mr. DYER, under these circumstances, should
inflict only the moderate fine of 10s. and costs.
The second information was against Mrs. Draper,
landlady of the Horse Grenadier, Oxford-street, for
suffering the game of shove-halfpenny to be played on
a particular day named in the information, in her
tap-room.

Murray's witness swore that he saw " shove-
halfpenny" played by several persons who were in
the tap-room, and added, that he had also witnessed
another game, called " tiddlywink," played in the
same house.

Mrs. Draper called two witnesses, who swore that
neither" shove-halfpenny" nor " tiddlywink" was
suffered in her house; and that, on the day in ques-
tion, no Rambling whatever occurred in the tap-room.
Mr. DYER was satisfied with the evidence for the
defendant, and therefore he should dismiss the infor-
mation.

THE ELECTIONS.

MIDDLESEX.

Yesterday, at two o'clock, a public meeting of
the electors of Middlesex was held at the Black
Dog Tavern, Bedfont, for the purpose of hearing
Mr. flume's political opinions, and adopting mea-
sures for his re-election. Charles Barclay, Esq., in
the chair. The Chairman having briefly stated the
object of the meeting, Mr. flume presented himself,
and was well received. He took a survey of the
course of political events for the last fourteen years,
and showed the utter impossibility of continuing the
Government of this country under the old system.
He had been accused of being a republican ; he was
no such thing. His labours all tended to preserve the
Constitution, and to restore to the King and people
the power which of right belonged to them. He was
favourable to the Peerage if they did their duty;
but it was not in the nature of things that they
should, so long as one of their body remained a
pensioner. He was for removing Bishops from the
Upper House of Parliament; for abolishing tithes,
as the remnant of a barbarous practice, and only
known in Spain and Portugal; for putting an end
to pluralities, and increasing the salaries of
working clergy. He would educate the people,
and extend commerce by free trade, especially in
corn. After a speech of two hours and a half, the
Honourable Gentleman sat down amidst the most
enthusiastic cheering. Resolutions of confidence in
Mr. Hume, arid a determination to support him,
were then proposed, which were opposed by Sir
John Gibbon. The Hon. Baronet was, with one
other person, the only dissentients present. Mr.
Hume then took leave of the electors, and the meet-
ing dispersed.

Yesterday afternoon, a most extraordinary meet-
ing of the freeholders of Middlesex' resident in the
Tower Hamlets, took place in the Court-house, in
Osborne-street, Whitechapel. The meeting was
convened by circular, and it was at first proposed,
that none should be admitted who did not produce
these letters of invitation at the doors. The High
Constable of the Tower Hamlets was apprised of
this regulation by Lord Henley's Committee, but
not deeming himself authorized to
.nodartake
_the
periormance of their orders, he applied to the ma-
gistrates of Lambeth-street for advice, and their
opinion was, that he had no right to prevent any
person from entering a public election meeting, and
on their advice he acted. There was, however, a
large party of police in disguise, under the command
of a superintendent and inspector, also in coloured
clothes, in and about the purlieus of the Court. No
attempt, however, was made to exclude any person
until a few minutes after the proceedings com-
menced, when one of the gentlemen of Lord Hen-
ley's Committee went and desired the police to
shut and fasten the front doors. The High Con-
stable immediately interfered, and said that he could
not, consistently with his duty, shut out the electors,
but he was in attendance with a posse of local con-
stables to interfere, in case of a breach of the peace.
The doors were then suffered to remain open. A
placard was exhibited by men before the Court-
house, describing the meeting to be a hole-and-
corner one, and calling upon the electors to " attend
and show Lord Henley that the county was not to
be represented by a Tory, and, above all, by a
Tory of the worst stump, appearing in the garb of
a Reformer."

Sir W. H. RICHARDSON, having been called to
the Chair, observed that Lord Henley attended to
explain his political views, and to answer any (Mo-
tion put to him; but his Lordship would give no
pledges.—(A burst of hisses, hootings, and cries of
" Off, off.") At all events he (the Chairman) had
no hesitation in saying he would not support the
man who would so far commit himself as to give
pledges.—(Hisses and groans.) He felt very
strongly on this new-fangled doctrine of pledging.—
(Loud c.ies of " Off, off.") After a considerable
pause, during which tke Chairman was repeatedly
assailed with cries of " Off," he said, if they did
not choose to hear him, he would adjourn the meet-
ing at once. Great confusion ensued. At length,
Lord HENLEY came forward, and was saluted
with partial cheering, and cries of " Off." Lord
Henley proceeded to address the meeting. Every
candidate, he said, should give clear and straight•
forward statements of his opinions upon all matters
likely to come under consideration in the next Par-
liament ; but in the front of his address lie would
state that he would not offer any pledge, and the
only pledge his friends demanded of him was
found in the security of his private character, and
the manner of his discharging his public du-
ties. His friends knew he was a person of no
violent opinions upon any of those public mat-
ters which would hereafter come under the consi-
deration of Parliament. He was prepared for
censure and opposition, though his success in
canvassing had exceeded his most sanguine ex-
pectations.—(Much laughter.) He would re-
peat that, and, if it was not true, let those contra-
dict it who could.—(Hisses and applause.) He
was no party man ; he was neither the supporter of
this or any other Administration.—(Hear.) He then
proceeded to declare himself in favour of the total
abolition of West India slavery; but he would not
support any measures which might be unjust to any
party, nor would he further any measures which
were at all calculated to involve anarchy, bloodshed,
and misery.—(Cries of " Leave that, arid speak
about your pension, and the pensions of your fa-
intly?') lie did not know what pension they meant.
—(Laughter.) As for the pensions of himself and
all his family. he would sell them all for a shilling,
and he should be glad to know which gentleman
was the purchaser.—(Laughter and applause.)
None of his family had any pension at all. He,
however, held a situation as Master in Chancery,
an office which was very necessary for the proper
despatch of business, and a very onerous arid la-
borious one, arid requiring to be filled by men of
good sense and experience. The Master in Chan-
cery had long been desirous of being paid a specific
salary, instead of collecting fees, and the Noble
Lout at the head of the Chancery Court had

laid a plan of reform upon the table of
the House of Commons, which, in the next Ses-
sion, would decide whether the Masters were over-
paid or not. It was not a situation which would
allow men to be idle; if they were guilty of idlr-
ness there would be a paragraph in the papers the
next day to bring them to their duty again.--
(Hear, and laughter.) But was there anything in
this office which disqualified a man from doing the
duty of a Member of Parliament ?—(Cries of " Yes"
and " No.") Sir William Scott, Sir John Nicoll,
Dr. Lushington, and W. Brougham, were all law-
yers, and they had not been thought unfit Mem-
bers.—(Hear, hear.) He could not see why
a man occupied officially in the morning could not
be a fit advocate of the rights of the people in the
evening. There was one pledge he would give
that he would not for any reason neglect his Par-
liamentary duties.—(Laughter.) He then adverted
to tithes and Church rates, and considered a national
establishment not only scripturally lawful but abso-
lutely necessary.—(Hisses.) If the whole nation
were composed of one populous city, men might at-
tend their religious duties easily, but in this agri.
cultural land hundreds of persons would be left
without religious instruction if there was no Esta-
blished Church.—(Cries of " No," and hisses.) He
did not come to enter into a theological dis-
cussion, but he was of opinion that poor people
could not be happy without religion.—(Confu-
Sion.) Poor people could not afford to pay the
ministers of religion, and, therefore, they must
be paid for them.—(Laughter, and cries of, "They
do pay, and too dearly.") But how should
t hey be paid ? Tithes was an objectionable mode of
payment ; it alienated the minds of those who paid
from those who received them. It also impeded
the progress of agricultural improvement. What
then was to be done? Whose property was the
tithes ? Not of the farmer, nor of the landholder,
but of the Church.—(Confusion; "It is the pro-
perty of the nation.") How did the nation acquire
that property? The origin of the tithes was with
the ancient Nobles, who endowed monasteries and
other ecclesiastical establishments, and devoted a
tenth of the rents of their lands to support the
clergy, in order that themselves and their families,
and their poor neighbours, might enjoy the benefits
of religious instruction—(Laughter and uproar.)
(Lord Henley was now inaudible for some time, but
an observation was generally heard, " That he had
no doubt of the legal right of the clergy to tithes,"
and this increased the uproar, which only subsided
on Lord Henley resuming his seat.]
Mr. COATES moved a resolution to this effect :

" That this meeting is of opinion that any opposition to
the reelection of Mr. Hume is uncalled for, and is in the
highest degree injurious to the public cause ; and it is fur-
ther of opinion that Lord Henley should be recommended,
and be is hereby recommended, to withdraw from the
canvass."—(Loud and continued cheering.)
The motion having been seconded, the Chair-
man showed no disposition to put the question, al-
though repeatedly called upon to do so.
At length Mr. STOCK told the meeting that the
Chairman had positively refused to put the motion.
Air. LAWRENCE asked Lord Henley if that was
true ?

His Lordship turned on his heel, and went out of
the door. The Chairman followed him in a few
minutes, amidst demonstrations of indignation from
the assembly.

Mr. COATES then called upon the meeting to
show that, though his Lordship was ignorant of the
rules of good order and freedom, they were not.—
(Hear and cheers.) He concluded by moving GEO.
OFFER, Esq ,into the Chair, which was seconded by
th,_
3 r. OFFER, after a few prefatory remat►cs, put
the motion, which was adopted without a single
dissentient, and followed by loud cheers.

Thanks were than voted to the Chairman; and
the meeting, having given three cheers for Mr.
Hume and freedom of election, separated.

On Tuesday evening a meeting of electors and
inhabitants of Kensington took place, at six o'clock,
at the Star and Garter, where they had invited Sir
John Scott Lillie,one of the candidates, to meet them.
Mr. BROWN, late Member for Heydon, was called
to the chair.

Sir JOHN SCOTT LILLIE, in presenting himself,
'was received with considerable approbation. He
informed the meeting, that he did not aspire to have
any pretensions to the honour of being one of their
representatives; neither was he disposed to do so
in compliance with a requisition he had received,
however numerously and respectably signed by his
neighbours and brother Magistrates, until he
had ascertained by resolutions passed at pub-
lic meetings held in the metropolis, at Uxbridge,
and other parts of the county, that a fourth
candidate had been generally demanded.—
(Cheers.) The Gallant Candidate then referred
to the purport of the resolutions passed at the
public meetings to which he alluded, " that the
electors viewed with alarm and indignation the
attempts made to have this country represented in a
reformed Parliament by Members opposed to cer-
tain legitimate measures of vital importance to their
interests, or by two Members differing in opinion
with each other with respect to such measures, thus
neutralizing their respective votes, and compro-
mising that weight and influence which the metro-
politan county ought to possess. The measures so
loudly demanded were, a property tax upon the
wealthy classes, as a substitute for the Assessed
Taxes; either the abolition of tithes, or the resti-
tution of that portion of them to the poor which
had, by the wisdom of our ancestors, been ori-
ginally appropriated for that purpose; the insuring
the benefit of freedom of election by the vote by
ballot, and by triennial Parliaments." The first
of these propositions, he said, he approved, because
he considered that a direct tax upon wealth was the
most efficacious financial resource for sustaining credit,
without trespassing upon the necessities of the in-
dustrious and labouring classes ; and its principle
was one that should regulate all descriptions of
taxation—namely, that of making the means of each
individual the measure of his contributions towards the
exigencies of the State. With respect to tithes, he
said a different mode of providing for the clergy
would, in his opinion, be productive of the double
advantage of increasing the respect for religion, and
of relieving the middle and lower orders from a tax
upon industry of a most obnoxious and onerous na-
ture. With respect to the Vote by Ballot, he
would not hesitate in acknowledging his appro-
bation of the measure. The experience he
had acquired in the exercise of the g:atuitous
duties of a Magistrate and a Commis-ioner of
Assessed Taxes in the different parishes of Kensing-
ton division for several years past, confirmed his
opinion as to the inability of the middle and lower
orders to continue much longer under the existing
system, without reducing many families, heretofore
in a comparative state of independence, to absolute
pauperism. He should not trespass longer on their
time, as he had another meeting in an adjoining
parish to attend that night, and thanked the Chair-
man for the manner in which his name had been
mentioned by him, and the meeting for the patient
hearing they had given him.—(Great and conti-
nued applause.)
Mr. LEIGIIT then addressed the meeting, and
described the success with which Sir John Scott
Lillie's proposal of offering himself as candidate for
the county was received at Breatford, Staines,
Twickenhem, and Hounslow ; at which places
(Mr. L.) stated that a strong excitement existed in

Mr. LENTHALL, as Chairman of the Central Com-
mittee for promoting the return of Sir J. Lillie, in-
formed the meeting, on behalf of the Committee,
that, however indifferent the electors might be to
any contemplated or existing coalition in the privat
interests of the candidates, yet that nothing can
more materially concern them than the well-known
concurrence of sentiment of two of the candidates on
those essential measures specified in the resolutions
already alluded to—measures to which the other two
(Mr. Byng and Lord Henley) are directly and
avowedly opposed. The Committee hope the re-
sult of the present canvass will demonstrate the
publicity of the system of corruption, and that here-
after electors, truly alive to their own interests, will
reverse the practice, and canvass their candidates.
ff electors will ►tot peacefully and constitutionally re-
lieve themselves from the numerous exactions under
which they groan in the shape of tithes, accessed
taxes, and remove the due proportion of the
burden to the shoulders of the wealthier classes.,
'hey merit a continuation of that degradation and
distrust which have been hitherto inflicted upon
hem by the iniquitous enactments of nomination
Parliaments.

Resolutions were passed unanimously, approving
and confirming the resolutions of the former meet-
ings adverted to ; thanks were voted to the Chair-
man. Local Committees were then appointed, and
names of subscribers entered.

Sir J. S. LILLIE then proceeded to the Goat and
Boots, at Chelsea, where Mr. Hume had met the
electors on the preceding evening, and where a nu-
merous meeting assembled—Mr. Fitzgerald (a court-
(3,- Magistrate and Deputy-Lieutenant) in the chair,
where the proceedings were of a similar nature.
Mr. LENTHALL, bc;ng a rcAtiont Mactisitrato ii 4
that parish, having added, in verification of the Gal-
-1 int Candidate's observation as to the increasing
burden of poor•rates, tithes, &c., that he had signed
but the day before 463 summonses addressed to in-
dividuals of that parish, to show cause why they
could not pay the same, and he understood there
were about 750 more still to be signed for the same
purpose—this statement created a great impression
on the meeting; at the conclusion of which, at a
very late hour, three cheers were given for the can-
didates and for real Reform, instead of the mockery
attempted to be imposed upon them by the two ad-
verse candidates, Byng and Henley. The meeting
then separated.

BOSTON.—The troops of Hussars stationed in
Boston have received their instructions on the sub-
ject of the course they will have to take at the
approaching election, viz., that they will be placed
,%ithin a convenient distance, which they are to
name and report on; but it must not be at any
polling place. It is supposed that the troop will
remove to Kirton and Sutterton on the occasion.—
Boston Herald.

BURY.—The result of the revision has, it is said,
been triumphantly favourable to the reformers."
DERBY.—A correspondent gives the following
account of an attack made upon Sir Roger Gresley
;old friends :—" S'r Roger Gresley, having been
invited to a public dinner by his Committee and
friends, on Monday last, at the King's Arms Hotel,
at least 150 of the gentlemen of the county and re-
spectable yeomen in and near Derby, assembled to
meet him at the entrance to Derby. A great con-
eourse of people collected to witness the procession,
arid, upon Sir Roger's entrance into the town, his
party was assailed by brickbats, stones, and other
missiles, as they passed the corners of various
streets, and this continued until they reached the
market-place. The procession was moving quietly
along, when, at least, five or six thousand persons
had assembled;—they showed increased violence,
and attempted to pull down the banner with
" Purity of Election " written upon it. Stones and
brickbats were hurled at Sir Roger and his friends
in all directions. Godfrey .Meynell, Esq., a Magis-
trate for the county, received a violent blow, and
his horse was knocked down by a brickbat. Edward
men, were struck with brickbats, knocked off their
horses, and much injured; Sir Roger Gresey was
struck in the face with a stone, and Colonel Craw-
ford struck upon the head with a brickbat, and con-
siderably injured. Sir Roger Gresley's friends
inade a rally, and dispersed for a time the vagabonds
who had assailed them, and reached the county
hotel without any very serious injury."
KENT.—The Conservatives of West Kent,
after an effective struggle, have struck their co-
lours, so that the return of the Reforming Mem-
bers, Messrs. Hodges and Rider, is considered per-
fectly secure. In East Kent the contest appears to
be carried on with unexampled intensity by the
Anti-Reforming aristocracy, who, having had their
sly and underhand projects defeated in the west, are
trying their strength—in conjunc'ion with the % in-
chil-eas, the Guildfords, the Camdens, and the Pre-
bendaries of Canterbury—in the eastern quarter of
the county, and indulge in the hope of ousting Sir
W. Cosway, and an equally staunch Reformer, Mr.
Piumptre. Sir E. Knatchbull, and his companion,
Sir E. Deering, stand no chance of success.—
Morning Paper.

LANCASHIRE (Sourit).—The requisition to Sir
Thomas Hesketh has been found to lag terribly.
Indeed it may be regarded as having proved a com-
plete failure. Lord Molyneux and Mr. Wood hive
received such general promises of support, that it is
not expected there will be any opposltion to their
return for the southern division of the county.

LIVERPOOL.—A meeting of the requisitors and
friends of Mr. Thornely was held on Monday at the
Liverpool Theatre, to adopt the best method of se-
curing the election of that gentleman as one of the
representatives of Liverpool. The building, which
will hold 2,000 persons, was crammed to excess,
and several hundreds of persons were compelled to
retire, being unable to obtain admission. It is quite
impossible for us to give any idea of the zeal and
enthusiasm which prevailed, or of the bursts of ap-
aoi,
explained the principles
ap-
plause with which the names of Mr. Thornely and
of Mr. William Ewart were received. The cheers
for Mr. Thornely and Mr. Evart, at the close of
the proceedings, could only be surpassed in zeal and
heartiness by the groans and hisses with which
every mention of Lord Sandon's name was received.
—Liverpool Times.
SUFFOLK (EAsT).—A requisition to Lord Hen-
niker and Sir Charles Vere is in progress, calling
on t hem to offer themselves for East Suffolk. The
.number of voters registered for the division is
Quaker-street. Captain
rYaatt, was held at the
4,2s9.—Norwich East Anglian.
TOWER HAMLETS.— A meeting of the electors of
this borough, residing in Spitalfields, favourable to
butti‘hiea National
rdyr eeactt uit
i,ronedotc fhsgooCiomvia-i
:Dr o
g pledges. A resolution to the
Captain
length,upon which he sought the suffrages of the electors,
effect that Captain Marryatt was a fit person to re-
present the borough in Parliament was unanimously
adopted.

VVESTMINSTER.-At a meeting on Tuesday even-
ing of the St. James's Parochial Association, the
expected contest for the city of Westminster having
become a subject of conversation, a resolution to
support the return of Sir John Hobhouse with Sir
Francis Burdett with their utmost exertions was,
after an animated discussion, carried with only one
dissenting voice, in the most numerous assemblage
of members that has occurred, considerably more
than 90 qualified electors being present.

IRELAND.
CORK.—Lord Bernard has been invited by the
Cork Conservatives to stand for that county, and
accepted the invitation.

• GALWAY.—For the county of Galway there are
several candidates in the field—Mr. Blake Foster,
Repealer; Mr. James Daly, Conservat ye; :sir
John Burke, present Member, Reformer, and Mr,

T. Martin, son of the former Member, also a Re-
former.
KlLKENNY.—Counsellor Firm intends to offer
himself for this county. He is ready to pledge
himself to support the abolition of tithes and the
repeal of the Union.—Kilkenny Journal.

SCOTLAND.
BRECHIS, Nov. 9.—The grain markets rather
look up here, but the Tories look down. A Whig
will carry the county, and each of the two sets of
burghs will return a liberal Member. Aberdeen,
both town and county, will send liberals.—Scotsman.
The Appeal Sheriffs of Stirling, Lanark, and
Ayr, admitted at Alloa, on Tuesday, one of the
Secession Ministers rejected by the Sheriff of Clack-
mannon and Kinros, and others at Kinross, on
Thursday. Their rule of judgment seemed to be
that the Minister should be in possession of a manse
which was the property of the congregation, and
worth 101. per annum. They admitted under the
same rule all the Secession Ministers in the four
other counties of their circuit, viz., Stirling, La-
nark, Ayr, and Dumbarton.—Scotsman.

HOUSE AND WINDOW TAXES.—The following
circular has been sent to all the Members and Can-
didates for the metropolitan districts, and it is un-
derstood that several of the most influential amongst
them have intimated their intention to attend the
meeting

City, Nov. 20, 1832.

Sir,—A Committee of Gentlemen, residing in various
parts of the metropolis, have determined to call a Public
Meeting, to consider of the best course to be adopted CO
secure the repeal, during the first Session of the Reformed
Parliament, of the House and Window Tax—an object
of the deepest imprtance to the inhabitant householders
of the cities of London and Westminster, the borough of
Southwark, and of the newly-enfranchised metropolitan,
boroughs, as upon them these taxes fall with peculiar and
most unjust severity.
1 have been directed by the Committee to invite the at-
tendance of the several Gentlemen who are Candidates for
the representation of the shove-mentioned districts, as well
as those for the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and,
in pursuance of that direction, I respectfully solicit your
presence at a meeting of the metropolitan constituency,
which will take place in the Great Room of the London
Tavern, on Wednesday 28th November, at 12 o'clock
precisely, at which meeting Joseph Hume, Esq.. will pre-
side.-1 have the honour to be, &c.
JOSEPH NEWELL, Sec. pro. tem.

P.S.—The favour of an early reply is requested
that suitable arrangements may be made for the re-
ception of the candidates. •

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.

Last night a meeting of the friends of Mr. Grote, the
banker, was held at the Bay Tree Tavern, St. Swithin's-
lane. The meeting was crowded, and appeared to be of
the most respectable nature.
JOHN TRAVERS, Esq., was called to the chair. He
proceeded to open the business of the evening, and, warn-
ing them of the solemn and important nature of the duty
which, at the ensuing election, they were called on to per-
form, he urged them to return only men who would ho-
nestly, impartially, and independently fulfil their duty to
the people, by the amelioration of all abuses, and the pro-
motion of just and good government. He introduced to
them Mr. Grote, a gentleman with whose talent and re-
spectability they were well acquainted—a man of spotless
honour—of the firmest integrity—and of that moral cou-
rage which W.B one of the most essential qualities in a
Member of Parliament.—(Hear.) He was also a man
not merely of independent mind, but of independent for-
tune, and above a bribe.—(Hear.) He thought they
could not find a fitter representative than Mr. Grote.
Mr. GROTE then rose, and was received with demon-
strations of great approbation. He thanked them for the
kindness of their reception. He bad published an address,
setting forth his opinions on political matters, which he ,
hoped, had proved satisfactory to the electors. His object
was to make his sentiments known without any reserva-
tion ; it was a duty which he conceived himself bound to
perform, and be cared not if he offended any man by so
doing. He might not, in this respect, be acting the part
of a discreet candidate, but it was of an honest one—
(Hear)—and there was nothing of which he had so much
dread as that any man should give him his vote, under an
impression that be was any thing different in politics from
that which he really was. The Honourable Candidate
then took a brief review of the evils under which
the country laboured prior to the passing of the Re.
form Bill. Up to that point, indeed, the House of
or partnership for the preservation of all existing
abuses. There were, indeed, a few glorious men, who set
a bright example of virtue and patriotism, but their voices
were drowned amidst opposing numbers—their voices
might be compared to the voice of one crying in the wil-
derness, awakening no echo and producing no followers.
Tile Reformed Parliament, however, be hoped would see
a change of men, and with it a change in the system.
The highest qualities and virtues combined were required
in a candidate—not that he believed himself to approach
that perfect m del of excellence to which he wished to di-
rect their attention ; but it was well, both for the consti•
tuency and the representative, that a high standard of ex-
cellence should be kept constantly, thereby stimulating
both to greater and more honourable exertions. If they
sent him into Parliament, his great object would be to ob-
tain for the people good and cheap Government—(Ap-
plause)—and he would take the liberty of detailing to them
some of the measures which he thought necessary to the
accomplishment of that desirable end. He had strenu-
ously supported the Reform Bill from the first moment it
was made known to the public, for he believed that it
would in a great measure lead to the first great essential—
the enabling of the people to return to the House of Coin-
mons the men of their own choice. Still that was not
enough—the tenant and the tradesman were subject to
powerful influence, which was too often increased, and which
could only be put an end to by the ballot.—(Cheers. )
The Honourable Candidate then went through the points
of his address, and expressed himself in favour of Triennial
Parliaments, and of a reduced scale of public expenditure.
his would do away with all unnecessary offices, and reduce
raid extravagant salaries to a fair compensation for the work
to be done.--(Hear.) He would pay every man liberally;
but merit should be the only test. Men should not be ap-
poicted to offices merely because they possessed rank and
irth, and were presentable at Court or Devonshire House;
for which qualifications, though of no service to the pub-
lic, the public were compelled to pay largely. When he
looked at the immense revenue of this country, after al-
lowing for the p 'pliant of the interest of the National
Debt, which was sacred—(Hear)—and when be com-
pared the expenditure with that in 1792, he could not
help believing that a very large saving might be effected.
A similar economy he hoped would bp effected in the
Church; that the great disproportion which eaicted would
be put an end to ; that its ministers should be liberally
paid for the services they performed, and no more ; at all
events, whatever mode of payment were adopted, that of
paying by tithes must be put an end to. The Haute
and Assessed Taxes, svhich were so unequally levied,
should be abolished ; and if any tax were requisite
its place, let them have a graduated Property Tax ;
,:'rest taxation was, in his
for opinion, always pre-
ferable to any other system of collection. With regard to
the Corn ,Laws, be expressed his Arm belief that they in-
jured the farmer as much as all other classes—and that a
moderate fixed
duty should be substituted for the pre-
sent imposition. There was another error of legislation to
which he would azlyert, ,and he declared it to be his belief
that the less trade was Iv:elated for the better. Colo-
nial Slavery be wished to atto i..h; but he found that
without strong legislative .control for a few years,
the slave would be apt to consider esklat4eipation from
slavery as emancipation from labour—a rat* by no
means desirable for the benefit of the slave himself. Pe
concluded, with declaring himself in favour of a plan of
general education and the abolition of the taxes on know-
ledge,—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. ELLIOTT referred to the system of administering
the poor laws as a maker which eat into the very yitajs
of society, and solicited Mr. Grote's attention to that point.
Mr. Ga.o'rx said, that much information was yet to be
obtained on that point—a Commision was now sitting. He
admitted the evils, and would willingly get rid of the
abuses, hut was not prepared to do away with all com-
pulsory relief.—(Cheers.)
Mr. GIBBONS spoke at some length on the principal
topics of Mr. Grote's address, and concluded by moving a
resolution, declaring Mr. Grote to be a fit man to repre-
sent the city of London in. Parliament.
Mr. ELLIOTT seconded the motion, which was carried
unanimously.
Mr. WIRE moved a resolution, pledging the meeting to
exert themselves to promote his return.
Mr. KIRKMAN seconded the motion, which was carried
unanimously.

Mr. GROT:
V°Vikia Pe I

returned thanks. Thanks were
ALI the meeting broke up.

r
'

FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Constitutionnel.)

PARIS, Nov. 19.—0 N BRINGING TO TRIAL THE
PRINCESS CAROLINE.-The Princess Caroline-Ferdie
nande-Louise, of the Two Sicilies, who is no longer
Duchess of Berry--who is no longer Princess of France—
Caroline, in spite of a formal law, returns to the French
territory, and takes the title of Regent, to expel Louis
Philip from a Constitutional Throne, founded by the
Revolution of 1830. She brings the scourge of civil war,
insurrection, an attack by force of arms; isolated crimes,
robberies. conflagrations, are multiplied in all directions,
wherever her arrival is announced, her presence, and her
orders. Finally, after six months of disasters to which
the departments of the west were exposed, the Princess of
Sicily is captured. In her abode the insurrectionary pro-
clamations of the Regent are found, calling on the French
to overthrow the Government of July and the new dy-
nasty. Sums of money are found there bearing the effigy
of the Pretender of the Restoration. A correspondence
is found there essential, undoubtedly, to the knowledge of
the conspiracy, but concerning which secrecy is preserved.
In the face of these proofs of flagrant crime, what have
the Ministers done ? Will they obey their earliest pro-
mises? In the month of may last, the Ministers announced
to France, indignant at this audacious invasion, that the
Princess who had thus brought the torch of discord to our
domestic hearths, should not commit this crime with im-
punity. Justice shalt be done, and the guilty shall be
judged by the law itself of the country on which she
wished to inflict evil. But in November, the Ministers
forget this solemn engagement to satisfy the justice of
France. Now, the Sicilian Princess must not be judged
as a banished woman, for having violated her banishment ;
nor as a foreigner, for having violated the laws of nations,
in causing crimes and murders in the midst of a peaceful
people. Caroline-Ferdinande-Louise of Naples cannot be
tried. In France, no Tribunal is powerful enough—
respectable enough—for her, because she is not an ordi-
nary culprit ; because she is a Royal Highness ; because
'he is the mother of a Pretender de jure, and the aunt of a
King de facto. Such is the reasoning of the Doctrin-
naire Ministers. For if these Ministers considered Caro.
line-Ferdinande-Louise as the niece of a King de jure, she
would be in their eyes the mother of a Usurper, and, as
such, might be tried according to all the Monarchical Con-
stituional laws of all Europe, of all Asia, and of all the
States of the world. It is for the French people—the
conquerors in 1830 of their National Sovereignty—to
weigh the consequences of this doctrine ; this doctrine
hich makes Caroline-Ferdinande-Louise an extraordinary
culprit--that is to say, a culprit above the laws passed
since 1830—above the National Sovereignty, in the name
of which these laws have been passed. This doctrine
in its turn transforms the French people into a
people degraded from their rank, deprived of the
National Sovereignty. Let us on this point consult
the legitimate Journals applauding the doctrine of
the Ministers :—" Her Royal Highness Madame the
Duchess of Berry, Regent for the King of France, makes
war i❑ the name of her Sovereign She is not, then, an
ordinary prisoner, nor the violator of the laws which her
legitimate King has not made; she is simply a prisoner
of war, arrested by rebels. By what right dare they try
her, they whose only business it is to obey—they who
have never ceased to be the property of a Dynasty which de-
mands purely and simply its patrimony ? It is necessary,
therefore, respectfully to reconduct Madame to her august
relations, in order that she may there seek out better
means and a more fivourable opportunity to return purely
and simply into the inheritance of her legitimate rights."
But this is not possible. The loud expression of the na-
tional will has annihilated this ancient prejudice of slivery.
What then is to be done ? Implicate the two Chambers
to spare the Ministers. What ! stop the execution of the
laws ! In consequence, an ordinance of the Ministry
orders a Minister to present to the two Chambers the pro-
ject of a law to determine concerning Madame the
Duchess of Berry. But the Chambers never determine
concerning any person. The Chambers never determine
future facts, and never facts already passed. The
Chambers could, suppose them wad, decide that,
in future, civil war shall not be a crime—shall not
even be an offence for the French Princes, and par-
ticularly for the ex-Princesses of France. But the
Chambers cannot declare that an action accomplished, and
qualified as a crime by the existing laws, ceases to have
been a crime. Even Providence itself, which regulates
the whole future, has no power to change the past : it
may pardon a crime, but to declare that an action com-
mitted, which is criminal according to its laws, has not
been a crime, Providence, I repeat, cannot do that. Well,
then, a whole Ministry, though Doctrinnaires, in spite of
sophism, cannot be in this respect more powerful than
Providence. Now let the Chamber determine—What !
will they determine simply to regulate a competent tribu-
nal ? But it will he to declare that a person shall be tried,
to assign him judges who are proper for him. If France
„es; eeee e.ee se cease,. tree Leo a, 1.1,
to have them executed, and consequently to have them ac-
knowledged. The Chambers can only say one thing to
the Ministers—as soon as it is a question of crimes com-
mitted, the authors of which are arrested—Execute the
laws—cause the laws to be executed. But the laws are
repugnant to us—Cease, then, to be Ministers. But we
should be afraid to cause them to be exeeuted—That is
riot French. You cause your Journals to say that it is
not necessary that the culprit should be tried, because
fear and other motives will absolve her. Well, then,
true patriots will prefer to have the soi.disant Regent
of right divine absolved, but tried in the name: of the
national sovereignty, by a legal and regular tribunal
emanating from this sovereignty, to have her detained
indefinitely, by an exceptio❑ superior to the ordinary
laws, as the mother of a soi-disant legitimate King.
This is the whole Revolution of July, of which we must
acknowledge or deny the legality, in admitting the exist-1
enee of its laws and their power as equal to any thing, or
admitting their impotency and their annihilation with re-
spect to the crimes of legitimacy. I mention another
difficulty. You require that a preventive or a repressive
punishment—that some punishment, at least, shall be
directed against Caroline Fetdinande• Louise, whom you
unconstitutionally call the Duchess of Berry. You desire
that this punishment, this imprisonment should be voted
in the form of law ; that is to say, apparently without
judicial forms, without interrogations, without calling
witnesses, whether for the accusation or the defence, and
without even hearing the accused. And you believe, that
satisfied with discussing in form the articles of a sentence
of imprisonment, we shall vote it by merely rising up
and sitting. We, the Deputies, we, having a legislative
commission for the future and not for the past—we, the
Deputies, who can accuse only the Ministers, we can
never judge any person. We must make ourselves
into a convention, that is, into an absolute power,
a tyranny, if we vote any judgment whatever by the
monstrous confusion of the legislative and the ju-
dicial functions. And even when, to satisfy the
theory of the Doctrinnaires, stifling our consciences, we
tease ourselves conventionalists—do you think that
we shall not equal the conventionalists of 1793 in respect
for the rights of the accused ? The convention did not
condemn Louis XVI. without hearing him ; it did not
condem❑ him with a liberal pleading, and we are to con-
demn without any pleading whatever—we, who have
ameliorated the criminal laws in their most severe points—
we, who only completed the Revolution of July to revenge
the sacrilege of violated laws, we are to violate laws of
humanity and the forms of justice. No, never—never
will the Deputies of France in the 19th century thus dis
honour the representation of the people of whom they have
proclaimed the sovereignty and the justice. What then
must be done ? Send the accused be:ore the Court of the
House of Peers? In obeying the terms of the Charter,
which makes this Court competent to judge of acts com-
mitted against the safety of the State, without any excep-
tion, and without any distinction between ordinary and
extraordinary culprits. France requires that the Cham-
ber of Peers should solemnly pronounce, in the pre-
sence of all Europe, between the Sovereignty founded
in July and the dethroned Legitimacy—between a
King and an ex-King, between a new Dynasty and
an ex-Dynasty. Certainly France does not demand
blood ; it would be horror-struck to see that of a
weak woman shed, and, above all, that of a mother ; and
France did not eve❑ thirst for the blood of the Ministers
—very diflerentiy guilty—who were detained at Ham.
But a crime prolonged for si-e: months has inflicted infinite
misery on twelve departments; revolt has fallen with its
heavy hand on persons and property, by destroying the
latter and cutting off the former. It is necessary that the
Chamber of Peeta should pronounce whether these crimes
when they are committed in the name of legitimacy against
the power of July, are a crime.—Yes or no ? It is ne-
cessary that the Peers decide by that means between the
family of the legitimates, and the family of the national
sovereignty. Let the Peere, fulfil, like great citizens, their
patriotic duty, and grateful France will justly rank them
among those immovealrle authorities which sustain the
throne erected by the will of the French people.
We hear from Wirternburg that the States which are
about to meet will consist of two-thirde of liberal Consti-
tutionalists, a filth of Radicals, and the others will vote
for the Ministers on all questions except the Frankfort
Protocols.

prx LA-CHAYELLE, Nov. 17.—1 n spite of the secrecy
olmerved by the Government, the following are known it>

be the regiments which are to proceed to the Rhenish
provinces :—The 13th and 15th cuirassiers; the 4th,Bth,
and 17th hussars ; the 16th, 17th, 25th, and 37th in-
fantry ; the sth, 7th, and 19th lancers; twelve batteries
of eight pieces of cannon, according to the troops. The
infantry regiments have 3,070 men each, and the cavalry
600. These forces will be the fourth part of those which
are to collect on the Rhine, and are only a small part of the
Prussian army, to which must be added the landwehr.
The latter, it is said, will only be called out in parts ; and
it is probable, if Prussia is only to be a❑ observer, that it
will not be wanted at all. The calling out the landwehr
would be a proof that the Government had some concealed
intention to interfere, and tLe departure of this militia
would augment the general uneasiness which begins to
prevail. We observe that military activity which is inse-
parable from the movement of large bodies of troops; but
we seek in vain for any certain sign of war, or even of
taking the field.
" Le Courrier de l'Europe particularly deprecates any
idea of its party sanctioning any such attempt. Le Temps
says that it cannot suppose the police guilty of so infamous
an act, but censures it for negligence in allowing the culprit
to escape. La Tribune defers its observations until the
morrow, contenting itself with merely relating the facts.
Le Coast it idionnel says that it will ❑ot hazard any conjec-
ture o❑ the no less insane than criminal attempt,' but
will await the result of the jtalicial inquiries, remarking
only, that Paris felt deeply the dangers to which the suc-
cess of such an attempt would have exposed the public
safety, and that all France will have the same feeling.
The Ministerial Papers speak in terms of horror and indig-
nation of the attempt, but give no conjectures as to its
origin."

On the attempt to assassinate the King of the French,
we make the following extracts from the French Journals
of Tuesday, the 20th instant :
(From ae Moniteur of Tuesday.)
• -

The King left the Tuileries at two o'clock yesterday for
the Chamber of Deputies. On his reaching the extre-
mity of the Pont Royal a pistol-shot was fired from the
left side of the bridge. The King was not hurt.
The author of the attempt dropped the pistol. Two
sergens de vine, and a corporal of the Municipal Guard,
rushed towards the group out of which the shot was flied,
and endeavoured to make their way through it; but, in
the scuffle, the assassin succeede'i in effecting his escape.
Nevertheless justice has instituted proceedings, and di,co-
vered some traces of crime.

The King would not allow the Chambers to be made
acquainted with the occurrence. They received him with
transports, and applauded him with rapture, without
knowing the danger his Majesty bad escaped. The re.
port of the event spread rapidly after the sitting. The
Chambers spontaneously repaired to the Tuileries, and
testified to the King the profound indignation they felt.
The acclamations of the populace made reparation to the
King for that cowardly attempt.
We are informed that several persons have been arrested,
and are now undergoing an examination.
We have just received the following paragraph :
`' Immediately after the close of the sitting, on being
informed of the attempt directed against the King's per.
son, both Chambers, with a unanimous impulse, repaired
in a body, and on foot, to the Palace of the Tuileries, to
testify to his Majesty the indignation they experienced at
so criminal an attempt, and to assure him of their invio-
lable attachment. The Peers and Deputies bad the ho-
nour of being received by the King and Queen. Their
respect could not control the enthusiastic manifestation of
their feelings, which they expressed by loud and unanimous
cries of Vice le Roi !"

(From the National.)
Our first impression, like that of all the men of honour
we know, was profoundly painful ; but, after rejoicing
with every body else at the King's escape, we thought
proper to make inquiries, in order to ascertai❑ whether
the assassin had been arrested, the weapo❑ itself, or the
bullet, found, any well authenticated evidence received,
and if the persons arrested on the spot were likely to afford
means of discovering the guilty individual who committed
the attempt. The Nourelliste replies to all those ques-
tions in a manner calculated to remove a great deal of our
anxiety. Until now the whole is inconceivable ; never was
the police more shamefully remiss and ineffective or so in.
fernally (infernalement) criminal.
We need not say how sadly agitated was the close of the
Royal Sitting, by the credit generally placed in the first
account of the occurrence. Every one supposed, of course,
that the King had miraculously escaped a great danger;
and it was repeated every where that the new Louvel had
been apprehended, armed with another loaded pistol similar
to the one he had fired upon the King. Such were the
reports officiously circulated at the close of the sitting ;
and it is not unworthy of remark that the official Evening
Paper stated them in its first and second editions, which
left last evening for the departments, where they will
create, no doubt, the utmost consternation ; for France
had conceived that all parties had renounced the vile and
utuon of vb1.41/thig
poignard or the pistel.
A great number of Deputies, impressed with that feel-
ing, and wishing to evince their horror of an attempt, of
the accuracy of which most of them entertained no
doubt, repaired to the Tuileries immediately after the break-
ing up of the sitting. The deputies who did not accom-
pany their colleagues viewed the incident with more cool-
ness, and formed the opinion at this moment entertained
by every body with whom we have had communication.
They thought that the fact was of so deplorable and serious
a nature that, before it was made the object of so solemn a
measure by the Chamber, it behoved them to wait until
the abhorrence they felt should not be weakened by doubts,
which would give quite a contrary direction to their indig-
nation. Doubts, in our opinion, seem to have decidedly
prevailed.

(From the Papers )
OPENING OF THE CHAMBERS .

Monday being appointed for the op!ning of the Legisla-
tive Sessions, crowds of spectators, desirous to see his
Majesty and the Royal cortege pass from the Palace of the
Tuleries to the Chamber of Deputies, assembled as early as
twelve o'clock in the vicinity of the Palace-gate, near the
Pont Royal : and long before two, the hour appointed for
the starting of the procession, the bridge, the quay, the
wall of the Tuileries gardens, and, in fine, every spot
which promised to command a view, were densely lined
with persons for the most part highly respectable i❑ their
appearance. The passage fur the cortege was kept clear,
as usual, by detachments of the National Guards and the
Line ; considerable numbers of the latter were also under
arms in the Place du Carrousel, as a precautionary measure.
At precisely five minutes after two his Majesty, who
had been preceded by the Royal carriages, containing the
Queen, Princesses, and their suites, left the Tuileries on
horseback, attended by a brilliant Staff. He bowed re-
peatedly iu acknowledgement of the cheers with which
he was received on leaving the Palace.
Just as the King turned the Pont Royal, to follow the
quay, a man rushed suddenly from the crowd of specta.
tors, advanced c!ose to his Majesty, and fired at him
a pistol ; but, we are happy to say, the ball passed before
the head of his horse, and consequently did not touch ti.e
King.
The arrangement of the throne, &c., was precisely si-
milar to that of the old Chamber, only on a somewhat
larger scale ; and the appearance of the tribune,,, filled
principally with ladies in elegant carriage dresses, occupy-
ing the intervals between the columns, with gilt lonic
capitals, which support the roof, and form au amphi-
theatre, was brilliant in the extreme.

At ten minutes before two o'oclock the Corps Diplo-
- and at ten minutes after two the Quee❑ accom-
panied by Madame Adelaide and the younger branches of
the Royal Family, entered the tribunes reserved for them ;
and at 27 minutes past two the King took his seat in an
armed chair, richly ornamented with crim:,on velvet and
gold lace, placed directly under the Royal canopy; on his
right and left hand, stools, simParly ornamented, were left
vacant fur the Dukes of Orleans and Nemours.

The attendance of Deputies was very numerous ; that
of the Peers much less so. Among the former we ob-
served M. Berryer, who was warmly congratulated by his
friends on his recent acquittal. All the newly-nominated
Peers were in full costume, as were also several of the
others ; but all the Deputies were in plain clothes, except
the two Questors.

The Ministers (all of whom were present) were seated
on two benches, covered with crimson velvet, placed on
the platform one step lower than the Royal seat ; and
below them, on stools also covered with crimson velvet,
were the Alarshals of France, the Council of State, and
other great officers.

His Majesty was received in the most enthusiastic man-
ner, and, when the shouts of Vive le Roi had subsided,
lie read the speech. \

FURTHER PARTICULARS.

We briefly stated on Monday that an assassin had fired
at his Majesty, on his turning from the Pont Royal
to the Quai d'Orsay, and that the ball happily missed
its object. From the loudness of the report it would
seem that it was highly charged, and this circum-
stance probably contributed to save his Majesty's life.
One of the Aides-de-Camp immediately exclaimed,
" Sire, a musket has beeu just fired at you !" " No,"
replied the King, with the utmost sang froid, " it was
a pistol; I saw it clearly." M. Gabriel Delessert leaped
roin his horse, and pickeeroidumpdt; anhepdistGole,nwerhalicphaiohieroadse-
assin had thrown to the

out of the procession, and ordered the arrest of eight or
ten persons who were nearest the point from which the re-
port proceeded. The eyes of the multitude were instantly
turned upon his Majesty, who, taking off his hat, ex-
claimed—" I am not hurt ;" upon which he was cheered
with unanimous shouts of " Vice le Roi !" Notwith-
standing the denseness of the crowd no one was wounded.
The miscreant who made the attempt is said to be among
the persons arrested, having been identified by several in-
dividuals who were near him at the moment. He wore a
blue coat, buttoned close to the throat. The audacity of
the infamous attempt on his Majesty's life excited the
strongest feeling of indignation among the assembled
crowds, and during the remainder of the way cries of
" Vire le Roi !" were reiterated from every side with
the greatest enthusiasm. The King, who had displayed
the utmost coolnes whe❑ the assassin fired, seemed
touched by these marks of attachment, which he repeat-
edly acknowledged. On his return from the Chambers.
she news of the attempt having by that time spread in
all directions, the crowds had much accumulated, and
the cheers and shouts of " Vire le Roi !" were loud and
incessant.

1' he intelligence of the attempt had not reached the
Chambers before the arrival of the procession, but some-
thing unusual, indicative of agitation, was remarked in
the manner of General Pajol and other officers who pre-
ceded his Majesty into the salle; and at this time the ac-
count evidently began to be circulated, as a general move-
ment and whispering immediately took place on the
benches of the Members of both Chambers, which was
followed by a general burst of Vice le Roi on the King's
appearing in the Chamber. As soon as his Majesty had
withdrawn, the members of the grand deputations, who
had learned from the King himself the diabolical attempt,
communicated it to their colleagues, upon which an una-
nimous cry arose, " They would assasinate the King!
* Let us go to the Tuileries ; our duty is to
go to the Tuileries ! " A great part of the Members
of the two Chambers, preceded by the President and
Questors of the Chamber of Deputies, then set out
on foot. and proceeded to the Palace by the Pont
de la Concorde and the garden. The King, sur-
rounded by the Queen, Madame Adelaide, and the Royal
Family, who appeared deeply affected, received them in the
throne-room. The President, in the name of his col-
leagues, expressed the horror and indignation which they
felt upen learning the crime that had been attempted, and
eepressed their warmest congratulations upon bin Majesty's
fortunate escape from assassination. At night the whole
oF the municipal body, the Officers of the National Guards,
awl a great number of persons of distinctio❑ also, eagerly
pressed to the Tuileries to congratulate the King on his
escape.

PARIS, ONE o'CLocK, P.31.-We regret to say that
the person who fired a pistol at his Majesty is not yet ar-
rested. The France Nouvelle gives the following details
on the attempt, for the correctness of which it vouches :
—" It appears that the author of the crime wiis constantly
surrounded by about 30 individuals, who, to avert suspi-
cion, shouted " Vise le Roi l" The assassin, in order
to place himself in the foremost of the spectators, as the
King was passing, rudely pushed back a young female re-
cently arrived in Paris, and stationed himself behind a
soldier and a corporal of the line. The young woman was
obliged to stand on tiptoe, and to look over the assassin's
shoulders to see the King. Suddenly she perceived him
stretch out his arm with a pistol, which was aimed at
the King. She seized his arm, but the pistol had gone
off. Upon this the assassin violently pushed forward the
two soldiers who stood before him, and mixed again with
the crowd. He was soon lost among the thirty or forty
individuals, whose enthusiasm for the King seemed to
increase, and who, by means of this stratagem, succeeded
in averting suspicion, and enabling the criminal to escape.
The soldier and corporal, together with a police officer
who was near the spot, t:nd a municipal guard on duty at
the corner of the bridge, penetrated into the crowd, but
the assassin had disappeared. When he pushed the two
soldiers be let fall the pistol which he had discharged, and
another loaded with a ball. The two pistols are deposited
in the hands of the police. The Prefect of Police, on
hearing this event, immediately ordered the arrest of seve-
ral persons suspected of being implicated in the crime. In
the evening several of them were examined. We have
reason to believe that the result has been such as to give
to the Magistrates a clue by which the assassin may be
discovered."

The meeting at the Hotel de Choiseul last night was
attended by nearly 200 Deputies, who chose for their
Commissaries Messrs. Ganneron, Baillot, Fulchiron,
Jacqueminot, and Francois Delessert. It was de-
cided amidst acclamations that M. Dupin should be
appointed President of the Chamber. It was also
resolved that Messrs. Benjamin Delessert and Be-
renger should be proposed as Vice-Presidents. The
two other candidates chosen by ballot are Messrs. Etienne
and de Schonen. The candidates fixed upon for the Se-
cretaryship are Alessi's. Ganneron, Cunin, Gridaine, Mar-
a. and

The Moniteur has the following:—" The Army of the
North continues its march in Belgium. Yesterday, the
19th, the vanguard, commanded by the Duke of Orleans,
accompanied by the Duke de Nemours, arrived before the
citadel of Antwerp. This day and to-morrow the whole
army will be collected there, and placed so as either to
commence the siege, or to act as a corps of observation."
A letter from 13russels states that one of the first houses
at Antwerp has received advice from the Hague that Ge-
neral Chasse had orders to resist to the utmost extremity;
and that at the same time the Prince of Orange resolved
upon making a diversi•, n, and even hoped that another
might be made by the more powerful arm of Prussia.

The Augsburg Gazette of the I6th inst. contains the
follawing, dated Mentz, Nov. 11 :-The firmest friends of
peace have become wavering since the news that a protest
has heen entered against the coercive measures of France
and England relative to Holland, and that Prussia is
making great military preparations. We learn that a
great portion of the garrisons of Magdeburg and Erfurth
are on their march towards the Rhine, that the reserve is
called out, and that the 7th and Sth corps are put on the
war establishment. Thus Prussia will have, by the 18th
inst., an army of above 100,000 men on the frontiers.
On the 14th a courier arrived here with an order for the
ussian General Schutz to proceed to Juliers, where he
is to take the command of the vanguard. Last week a large
quantity of dry provisions, such as peas, lentils, beans, &c.,
were brought up here for Holland." The same paper
has the following, of the 10th, from Berlin :-" Thanks
to the vaunted ability of Prince Talleyrand, the London
Conference is dissolved, or at least suspended ! With his
return in London the seeds of discord were sown, which
now hear fruit. Each Power has assumed the position
which was assigned it by the revolution of July, and all
illusion is past. The greatest activity prevails in the fo-
reign department at Berlin. Couriers are starting in all
directions ; one of the King's Aides-de-Camp has been
sent off to Cobientz, and our troops are marching. A
considerable park of artillery is to be sent from Magdeburg
to the Rhenish provinces, and contracts here have been
concluded for supplies of military equipments and pro-
visions."
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARB, Nov. 20.-Five per Cents., 96f. 95f.
95c. 96f. 96f. sc. 10c. sc. 96f. 96f. sc. 96f. Four per Cents., 80f.
75c. Three per Cents., 67f. 35c. 40c. 55c. 50c. 40c. ; Treasury
Bonds, !4, ; Bank Actions, 1,661 f. 25c. ; Rente de Naples, Sit.
25c. 20c. 25e. 3,c. 25c. ; Rente de l'Etat Romain, 80y4 ; Rente
d'Espagne, 5 per Cent., 13% ; Ditto, Three per Cents., 29% ;
iterate Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 5t5% i 2 % ; Belgian Loan,
1831, 74%1/2. Exchange on London, one month, money,2sf. 75c. ;
hree months, paper, 2.5 f. 65c. ; money, 25f. 60c.

DREADFUL AND FATAL ACCIDENT BY
FIREARMS.—The family of EDWARD ALLFREY, EN., a
gentleman of fortune, residing at No. 31, Bryanston-
squire, St. Marylebone, were plunged into the utmost
distreot a few day since, at their country house, Bamp-
stead, near Epsom, by a fatal accident which occurred to
the housemaid, a remarkably fine young woman, between
19 and 20 years of age, who was unfortunately shot
through the bo !y by the imprudent conduct of a young
man, the footman. He had taken up a fowling-piece, and
not having tried whether it was loaded or not, presented it
at the unfortunate young woman, exclaiming, in a jocular
manner, " I will shoot you," and drew the trigger. The
piece was unfortunately loaded with shot, and the whole
of its contents entered in one side of the body and passed
out on the other ; the poor girl immediately fell lifeless
before him. A Coroner's Inquest has been held on the
body of the deceased, and the Jury returned a verdict of
" Accidental Death."

On Friday evening last, about 8 o'clock, a
coach, called the Phenomenon, containing five si,ldiers
handcuffed, and in charge of a military guard, drove ra-
pidly into the Tower by the western entrance, opposite
Thames-street, and the gates were instantly closed. On
inquiry, it appears that the prisoners, who have since been
kept in close confinement over the " main guard," upon
an allowance of G per diem, without fire or candle, are
t
ntried
fortomutthinv i
the 7th
ilna
that town ; and it is said that the cause of their removal
to London is to prevent the possibility of any excitement
in Norwich, where the alleged mutineers were very popu-
Less fiarice,
e unfortunate.a Norivich, youngwho men belonging
have been
popu-
lar with their comrades and the inhabitants, among whom
the transaction has excited much discussion. The sol-
diers, with-whom all communication is strictly prohibited,
will be detained in the Tower until the finding and sen-
tence of the court-martial is approved of by the Knew.
