FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 13, 1827.

PUBLICATIONS.

This day was published, iu 2 vole. foolscap Bvo. price 1525.,
THE COURSE of TIME.—A Poem,
in Ten Books.

By ROBERT POLLOK, A.M.
Printed for William Blackwood, Edinburgh ; and T.
Cadell, Strand, London.

On Thursday the 26th inst. will be published, dedicated
by permission to the Right Hon. Mr. Secretary Peel,
in two vole. 4to, with a Portrait by Finden,
AHISTORY of the Right Honourable
WILLIAM PITT, Earl of CHATHAM ; con-
taining Speecliee in Parliament; a considerable portion
of his Correspondence' when Secretary of State, upon
French, Spanisili, and American Affairs, never before
published.—With an Account of the Principal Events
and Persons connected with his Life, Sentiments, and
Administrations.
By the REV. FRANCIS THACKERAY, A.M.
Printed for C. and J. Riviugton, Booksellers Extraor-
dinary to his Majesty, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, and St.
Paul's Church-yard.

ASYLUM LIFE ASSURANCE COM-
PANY, 70, CORNHILL, LONDON.
Established to extend a certainty of Insurance to those
who would be subject to rejection at other Offices, or who
will not submit to the restrictions usually imposed.

DIRVCTORSI
Sir James Mackintosh, M.P. President.
Thomas Frankland Lewis, Esq. M.P. Vice President.
And ten other Directors.
Abmwas.—C. W. Hallett, Esq. Foster Reynolds, Elq.
J. Richards, Esq.
THE COMPANY ASSURES
PERSONS RESIDING or VOYAGING ABROAD,
particularly in unhealthy Climates.
OFFICERS in the ARMY and NAVY against the
risks of Battle and Active Service.
PERSONS of DELICATE HEALTH, Irregularity
of Form, or suffering under Chronic Disease.
FEMALES, without requiring appearance before a
Beard of. Directors or a Medical Officer.
A Medical Officer is iu attendance at Three o'clock
daily, to facilitate the proposals of parties who may wish to
effect Insurances with speed.
NOTICE is hereby given, that the ANNUAL GENE-
RAL COURT will be held at the house of the Company
o❑ WErarnsnaY the 25th day of APRIL, instant, at half-
past ONE o'clock.

GEO. FARREN, Resident Director.

FALKIRK ALE VAULTS,
8, CROSS-STREET, FINSBURY-SQUARE,

AITKEN and Co. beg to acquaint the Pub-
lic, that they have taken extensive CELLARS, at
3, Cross-street, Finsbury-square, for the exclusive SALE
of ALE, brewed by themselves at Falkirk.
Aitken and Co. have been induced to make this endea-
vour to introduce their Ale into London, from the encou-
ragement they have experienced in Scotland, in the hopes
that the measures whirls have rewarded their exertions,
where they had to compete with long-established Brewers,
and where all the consumers were judges of the article, will
be attended with the same results to them here. Being
Brewers of the Ale they are now offering to the London
Public, they wish to rest their claims to support solely
upon its quality. They have devoted particular attention
to the bottling department, and, from the thorough know-
ledge they possess of its management, and from the whole
process of brewing and bottling being conducted under
their personal superintendance, they with confidence can
recommend their Bottled Ale to private Families, as a
nourishing, agreeable, and economical beverage.
A reference to the prices quoted below will show that
Aitken and Co. are offering their Ales much under what
is generally charged for the best Scotch Ale, and they
solicit a trial as the test whether their's merit hat appel-
lation.

Price Is., Bs. 6d., awl 9s. 6d. per dozen, for ready
money ; empty bottled must be returned when the Ale is
delivered, or paid for at the rate of 3s. par dozen.
A discount of 6d. per dozen will be allowed to those
who send and take the Ale from the premises.
Aitken and Co. brew Ale for Exportation, which is pe-
culiarly adapted for hot climates. From the extensive
Stock which they will always have, dealers will be sup-
plied on advantageous terms.

WALLACE.

SCENES FROM AN UNPUBLISHED TRAGEDY.

(Lightning and deep thunder.—A dead pause.)
WALLACE. Our prayer is ratified !—My countrymen !
Shall we be slaves, while ocean, earth and air
Teem with unfettered being ?—Look around,...—
And nature's works call out to man—Be free !
And shall creation's voice be heard in vain,
While God himself is present in the storm
To aid our cause ?—Behold, through nature's range,
Each se,'eral passion hath a J1:flow brother,
And kindred feeling. Love begets esteem,—
Joy, glathiess—and the throb of hope, desire ;
The tear of sorrow draws the sigh of pity,
And stern oppression quickens dread revenge.
Tread but the worm, it turns : the dog it bites,
Prick the proud horse, he kicks ; the bull pursues.
All true to nature with instinctive impulse—
All, all but man the rebel ! He alone
Moves on the earth its glory and its shame I
Look at the slave—the image of his God,
Crouch in the dust before his brother man—
Degraded and degrading !—lashed with scorn
For mere excess of dastardly obedience,
And tame endurance ;—wearing out his chain,
Or sinking with it—buried where he falls—
To rise, at last, with Thraldom's curse upon him,
And stand before his God ! It must not be.
The people's murmur shall he heard and felt.
Man was not made to worship tyranny;
And shall he die its votary? To arms !
And shame the sons of Scotland to be free.
SCENE.—AN ABSENT LOVER.

ELIZA.. Floremma, come! Why do you linger there?
You cannot see him now.
FtowestscA. Yet could I linger
Musing upon his parting look for ever.
I felt sect rapture gazing on the spot
Where last he stood—and on the way be went,
Till the hill snatch'd hiM from my view, that tears
Of anguisled tenderness suffused my eyes,
And filled my heart, t'll utterance was chok'd
In sighing him a hinging, fond, Adieu!
That wish'd him back again.
ELIZA. He will return
To meet us at the Forth, and cheer your heart.
Did Wallace not say so just as he parted?
But you are wrapt again ! What dear illusion
Charms your fond fancy into Fairyland,
Forgetful of our purpose ? Now you muse
Like Inspiration lost in ravishment.—
What breathless wonder holds you? Speak !
FLOREMMA. I know not.
My mind was wandering through infinity ;
But holding one dear object still in view
Which might not be o'ertaken. Yet my heart
Could still pursue—though certainty for ever
Denied its fond possession to my hope—
So much am I enchanted.
ELIZA. Wallace still !
But we shall meet him soon again, Floreimna.
FLORF3,I2.IA. He's ne'er so much with me as when he'i
absent.
When I'm alone, then he indeed is with me,
The guest of mind, array'd in fancy's glory!
Oh then, I bless him in my soul's enjoyment--
DH upon his lc: k, voice, motion, being,
And all the nameless attributes of love,
That first enchant, then sway the willing heart !
Sleeping, imagination sees him still
As if he stood before me. In his presence
I cannot speak : the tumult of my breast
Denies me utterance, even on simple matters.
But when he speaks, I tremble through my soul,
Listening in fond emotion to his voice,
Like quivering leaves kissed by the breath of heaven !
ik

WALLACE-Are you resolved?
Lu NDIE—On prudence; and to spare—
WALLA CE—A freeman's life to lose it as a slave
LtrI7DIF..--1 will not be a slave.
WALLAcz—What can you be,
If tyrant-masters lord it o'er your country ?
Can you be free to move—or speak your mind,
While Edward's jealous sword hangs o'er your bead ?
LuNnit—He lords it not so harshly as to thwart
Our proper bent, or actions.

WALLACE-Lord it harshly !
Why should he lord at all?—There's the curst sting
Which mocks forbearance with imbittered scorn.
Till " insult and endurance " be our motto !

LUNDIE—We only bear the evil, for a time
Of retribution.
WALLACE—Now's the time ! With me,
The apprehension of reproof cuts mare
Than just rebuke. What ! Shall a tyrant thwart
Our proper actions in our native land?
The thought were slavery enough !
UNDIE-But Wallace,
Our band is yet too weak : we start too soon.
WALLACE—We cannot start too soon to grasp at freedom,
And break our chains upon the oppressor's head. -
Freedom's a thing too precious to be thought of,
And not enjoyed !
UNDJE-Rut if we start too soon,
We miss our aim, provoking greater vengeance
Upon our failure.
WALLAcE—Think not so, good Lundie,
The tyrant's wrath cannot o'ertake the brave,
Who fall for freedom.
LENDIE—But they, who survive,
Will fed his rage the more.
WeLtacr:.-7And they deserve it !
If any base enough, outlive his freedom,
Who said, " I will be free."—You would not choose.
To live a supple slave in your own land,
Boasting your father's independence—would you ?

(Enter Stuart.)
But *bat says gallant Stuart, now, to battle?
STl;Axt—With all my heart ! But Edward is not come.
The distant hills seem moving with a mass
Of proud confusion ! And the valleys shake
To thundering echoes of impetuous speed.
The wind is hushed at times—and straight is heard,
The wild coherence of tumultuous shouts,
And peals of music, dying. off in sweetness.
Anon the breeze resumes its doubtful song,
And stops to listen—then takes up the strain,
With fainter hope—when bursts the loud acclaim !
And mountains, waters, woods, in chorus join,
The grand enthusiasm of rejoicing throngs !
(To be continued.)

CAUTION TO SHOPKEEPEIts.—At the Old
Bailey Sessions,
on Tuesday, Lord Chief Justice Abbott
refused to allow expellees to a prosecutor whose goods had
been stolen from his shop door, when they were exposed
for sale. The prisoner, who was convicted, was an old infirm
man, in 4 state of the utmost destitution. On the prosecutor's
applying to be allowed his expenses, the Lord Chief Justice
said, "No ; I shall allow no expenses in such a case as this. 1
have already refused several similar applications, and I shall
continue to refuse them ; for I am determined that the
County thall not be charged with the expense of protecting
the goods of a man who leaves them unprotected."
ITURsT, ROBrNSON, AND CO.'S STOCK.—
The sale of the first part of these books, kc. under the
direction of the assignees, terminated on Wednesday. The
Marquis of Hertford purchased, at 10 guineas, Landon's
Annales d Muses, 21 you, ; Captain Bideu gave SS
guineas fora splendid copy of Magna Charta, printed on
vellum, in letters of gold, and richly illuminated. The
same gentleman purchased, at 901. he Musee Francais.
Liber Veritatis was purchased by Major Mitchell, at 11
guineas and a half; another copy fetched 22 guineas.
Laurentius Veronensis Liber de Bello, a MS. upon vellum,
hi the Italian language, brought 251. Buffon Historic Na-
turelle, Generale et Particuliere, 71 vols. 51. 10s. W.
Curtis's Flora Londinensis, 5 vols. Si. A Collection of
156 prints, engraved by Bartolozzi, &c. from the original
drawings of Guercino, in the collection of his Majesty,
Si. 13,. 6d, Voltaire Dictionnaire Philosophique, 14 vols.
printed upon vellum, 10/. 12s. 6d. Voltaire Theatre De,
12 vole. on vellum, 91- 9s. Voltaire Aecles de Louis
XIV, et de Louis XV. 5 vole, on vellum, 51. 2s. 6d.
Genealogical History of the House of Yvery, of great rarity,
9i. 58, Itlistorie Sacree Ancien et Nouveau Testa-
ment, 8 vols. 10 guineas, bought by Captain Biden. The
Wtwerley NoTthi su Tales, &c, R 5 vols, 10/, 104,
