VHE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1835.

of the Holy Alliance cannot endure the existence of a
Government based on the principles of civil and religious
liberty. They only seek a pretext to destroy it ; and
for the last four years, every means has been resorted to
for the purpose of obtaining some plausible pretext for
carrying their infernal design into execution. But let
not the little Despots, who lord it over some five or six
thousand German serfs, imagine that the free Govern-
ments of Europe will suffer the perpetration of such
a scheme. The President of the Aulic Council has
always evinced a very warlike disposition when him-
self and his royal compeers were called upon to discuss
the effect of Swiss liberty on Austrian serfs ; but his
Imperial MAJESTY will find that he will have a power
to deal with very different from the army of the Re-
public, should he attempt to carry his despotical and
murderous designs into execution. We have not
learned what answer the Swiss Government returned
to the,insulting note of the Austrian emissary ; but we
should hope it was worthy of a nation of freemen.

We have received the Cape Town papers, which
contain the following Resolutions of the Council re
lating to moral and religious instruction of the Hot-
tentots, and other free people, of both the appro-
priation of land for the benefit of the same, and the

subdividing of the districts, with the prevention an(
punishment of vagrancy

Art. 1. That considering that the communication of Chris-
tian instruction to the coloured population of the colony in
general is a paramount act of duty, we have learnt with great
satisfaction that 'n the resolution of the House of Commons of
the 25th June, 1834, relating to the internal Government and
prosperity of his Majesty's Colonial Possessions, " The flouse,
before proceeding to pass an act for the abolition of slavery
throughout the British Colonies, resolved, That his Majesty
be enabled to defray any expense that may occur in providing
upon liberal and comprehensive principles for the religious and
moral education of the negro population to be emancipated.'
Art. 2. That it is in our opinion an imperative act of justice
towards the Hottentots, to restore them to the enjoyment of
freedom and security of property, the means of subsistence in
that land which has been emphatically designated as originally
and exclusively their own, which is at same time a measure
of the soundest policy towards the coloured classes in general,
to stimulate them to exertion, by giving them motives of in-
dustry, and to endeavour to elevate their character by encou=
raging and rewarding the industrious—that werecommend that
whatever lani.s still remain available for this purpose in the co-
lony, may be, without delay, granted for absolute possession,
to the Hottentots, and other free people of colour, according
to such rules as the Colonial Government may deem necessary,
reserving a sufficient portion of land for the use of a clergyman
avid teacher, and the erection of a church and school.

Art. 3 enables his Majesty to defray any expense he may
incur in providing for the moral and religious instruction of
the negro population about to be emancipated.
Art. 4. That of adopting, to the full extent, the truly
Christian and philanthropic sentiments expressed by Mr.
Wilberforce.

We have received intelligence from Bayonne, dated
the 14th inst. The Carlists are still before Elisondo ;
but, owing to the bravery of the garrison, their attacks
have all been unsuccessful. The recovery of MINA
is growing more and more doubtful every day ; and it
is now rumoured, that LLAUDER having failed to
oust the Ministry, will himself take the command
of the troops. The Carlists are extremely ac-
tive in Grenada and Old Castile, where it is re-
ported that ERA so, the Carlist General, obtained
some advantages on the 4th. There is not the slightest
appearance of an immediate termination of the civil
war ; and should it continue much longer, famine will
do the work of the sword—especially among the
peasantry.

Brussels and German papers have been received.
Their contents are not important. We have, however,
given sonic interesting extracts from them, which will
be found in another column.
