AMERICAN PAPERS.

We have received New York papers to the 17th
tilt. Their contents are more interesting than usual,
as will appear from the following extracts :-
ALBAMA.—The party which placed Governor
Gayle in the Executive Chair of Albama seems by
no means disposed to sustain him in the stand which
he has taken against the measures of the Federal
Government, for the removal of intruders from the
public lands—indeed censure is unsparingly lavished
upon him by his former political friends. The grand
jury of Madison county have taken his recent t fii-
cial course, on this delicate question, into considera•
tion, and presented it "as eminently calculated to
involve the people of Albama in a bloosly conflict
with the General Government." They justify
throughout the course of the General Government,
and animadvert in strong terms on the inconsistency
of the Governor's late proceedings, with the doc-
trines formerly promulgated by him in his executive

messages.
Extract of a letter from the Secretary at War to
Major J. S. M'lntosh, da:ed Oct. 29, 1833 :--
" Sir,—Your letter on the 21st instant to Major-
General Macomb has been laid before me ; and, in answer,
I have to inform you, that yeu will interpose no obstacle
to the service of legal process upon any officer or soldier
under your ci mmand, whether issuing from the Courts of
the State of Albatna, or of the United States. On the
contrary, you will give all nt cessary facilities to the execu.
tint.' of such process.
"It is not the intention of the President that any
part of the military force of the United States should he
brought into colision with the civil authority. In all
questions of jurisdiction, it is the duty of the former to
submit to the latter, and no considerations must interfere
with that du'y.
" If, therefore, an officer of the State or of the United
States come with legal process against yourself, or an
officer or soldier of your garrison, you will freely admit
him within your post, and allow him to execute Lis writ
undisturbed."

LATEST FROM MEXICO.—The brig Spark, arrived
at New Orleans, sailed from Vera Cruz on the 12th
ult. A letter received in this city, states a few
minutes before the Spark sailed, an express arrived
from Mexico, bringing news that a general engage-
intent had taken place between Santa Anna and the
iebel troops, in which the latter were totally de-
feated. Duran escaped to the mountains with his
cavalry, and Arira retreated to Guanaxuato with
the remnant of his troops. Santa Anna had posses-
sion of the main entrance to the latter city, and a
deputation had come out with propositions to sur-
render the place to prevent its being taken by storm.
The New Orleans Bcc, of the Ist instant, gives
'the following extracts from Mexican Papers to the
2ith October, from which it appears that the result
of the contest, as stated above, was rendered almost
certain.
MEXICO, OCT. 4 —We are glad to have it in our
power to lay before our readers the results of the
movements of the federal army commanded by the
hero of Zempoala ; those re-ults are decidedly fa.
vourable to the holy cause of the federation.
The chiefs of the rebels having been informed
that the General-in-Chief had come out from San
Migud de Allende with his division, and knowing
by their spies, the movement of the federal
troops prom Zacatecas and San Luis, determined to
oppoe their united forces, and marched with all his
cavalry from Guanaxuato. But the President keep-
ing a vigilant ey, e on their movement, marched to-
wards the town of Silao, in order to invest the
traitor Duran.
Duran began to open a fire with all his artillery
against the division of his Excellency, who, on his
side, returned a heavy cannonading. In a few hours
he made such havoc in the ranks of the faction that
they were obliged to retreat the same evening ; they
rallied at Guanaxuato, where they fortified them-
selves. The project of the faction being thus baf-
fled, the other division found no difficulty in uniting
to the troops commanded by the general liberator
division of Zacatecas, operated a junction on the
29th, and that of San Luis, on the 30th Sept. So
formidable a force being now united, there is lit le
doubt of the early defeat of the rebels.
OCT. s.—The following account from General
Mejia, under date of Silao, September 29, was
brought last night by an extraordinary courier from
the federal army :
" Having been informed that the enemy contem-
plated attacking the Hacienda de Cerritos, about
half a league distant from this town, with all its
force, amounting to 1,200 troops of infantry, and
900 cavalry, I went out with my division, drew
them into a line of battle, and, opening the fire of
my artillery, continued it until five o'clock in the
afternoon, and, having silenced the enemy's fire,
came back to my quarters. We lost in this affair
only three horsemen.
" We were preparing to attack the rebels to-day,
and, although our forces were sufficient to defeat
them, the Resident thought it advisable that we
should wait for the division from Zacatecas, so as to
inflict upon the enemy a more decisive blow; but
the faction withdrew early in the morning, a few
hours before the arrival of the Zacatecas division.
We might have opposed their movements, but as
we had detached 1,000 troops of cavalry to prot(ct
the arrival of the auxiliary division, we did not think
proper to attack them with the infantry alone.
" Moctezuma is to pass this night four leagues
from here; we will join to-morrow,and shall be able
then to commence operations against the enemy."
SAN LUIS POTOSI, SEPT. 26.—Yesterday Gen,
Estevan Moctezuma marched against the faction at
Guanaxuato nth 2,500 patriots, and 10 pieces of
artillery, determined to conquer or die.

IMPORTANT FROM hAYTi.—Extract of a letter
from St. Jago de Cuba, dated the 17th October, and
addressed to one of our friends in this city, to whom
we are indebted for the same :

" We have had in our roads for several days the
French brig Le Cuirassier, which has been de-
spatched to Hayti, by the French Government to
carry the ultimatum of the King of the French re-
specting the immediate payment of the indemnity,
in default whereof, it is said, an expedition would
be fitted out against the island.
" The negroes must be in great anxiety, as in
fact, it must be matter of some difficulty for them to
collect together a sum of 20 millions of dollars. On
Monday the brig will go back to Port-au-Prince for
the purpose of obtaining Boyer's answer. It is
stated the expedition must now be in the neighbour-
hood ; but this "wants confirmation."—Louisiana'
Courier.

NEW YORK.—Sales at the Stock Exchange, Nov.
15.-50 shares United States' Bank, 1071 ; 50
ditto ditto (on time), 1071.

THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.—The
following letter from W. J. Duane, Esq., late Se-
cretary of the Treasury, to a gentleman of Mason
County, has been handed to us for publication :
" Philadelphia, Oct. 17.
" Dear Sir—l have just now received your le:ter of
the 11th inst., expressing your approbation of my course
as Secretary of the Treasury. I have always been, and
am opposed to the United States Bank, and to all such
aristocratic monopolies ; but I considered the removal of
the deposits unnecessary, unwise, vindictive, and unjust.
I believe that the law gave to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and not to the President, discretion on the ques-
tion ; and I would not act to oblige the President nor any
body else, when I thought it improper to do so. I never
asked office—l accepted it reluctantly—and was removed
for an honest discharge of ray duty. If, to keep office
and six thousand dollars a year, I had given up toy judg-
ment, I should have brought shame upon the grey hairs
of my father, and upon cry numerous children ; so that
lam content to return to humble life, with a tranquil
mind.
•

• • • •
`< With kind wishes, I am very respectfully your.,
t, W. J. DUANE,"
The Colonization Societies are making great ex-
ertions to rid themselves of the free people of colour.
The following extract from the New York Com.
mercial Advertiser, throws light on this subject :7
" EMANCIPATION.—The Maryland State Coloni-
zation Society have determined, as is generally
kilown, to establish a distinct colony on the coast of
Allies, at or near Cape Palmas (south-easterly from
Monrovia), combining great and peculiar advantages.

In undertaking this enterprize, they avow it as their
object not merely of removing thither, by their own
consent, the free people of colour, but also effec-
tually, though gradually, and consi-tently with the
rights of all, extirpating slavery in the State, and
restoring to the land of their fathers the whole of its
coloured population. They design further to call
the new settlement ' Maryland.' Such an avowal,
in the midst of a slave-holding State—and that, too,
by the authorized agents of that State—should put
to the blush those Nv It o impudently assert, of this
great scheme of benevolence, that it is adverse to the
cause of human freedom.

" But Maryland is not the only slave-holding
State that is evincing a disposition to rid itself of
the incubus that rests upon it. In Tennessee, also,
public opinion is manifesting its power upon public
bodies ; and although it falls short of the extent to
which we would gladly push it, yet we hail the
following resolutions, recently adopted by the House
of Representatives in that State, as auspicious to
the cause of final, gradual, and constitutional eman-
cipation :
" ' Resolved—That the Select Committee on the
subject of the American Colonization Society, be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of memo-
rializing Congress to make an appropriation of
100,000 dollars annually, to be applied by the said
Colonization Society, in transporting to Liberia the
free coloured population of the United States.

" Resolved:—That said Committee inquire into
the expediency of making an appropriation, by this
Assembly, of 5,000 dollars annually, to aid the
Tennessee Auxiliary Colonization Society, to be
applied by the said Society in transporting, to the
colony of Liberia, the free coloured population of
the State of Tennessee.' "
