P~

WITH WHICH THE " TRUE SU

IS NOW IN

No. 14.233.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 25, 1838.

NTI-SLAVERY MEETING at the GUILD-
HALL, BATH, APRIL 24, 1838.
W. T. BL AIR, Esq., in the Chair.
Moved by the Rev. T. SPENCER, and seconded by the Rev.
W. BEVAN,—
'
1. That this Meeting, disclaiming all factious opposition to her
Majesty's Government, cannot refrain from expressing its con-
viction that the defeat of Sir George Strickland's recent Motion
in the House of Commons for the Emancipation of the Priedial
Negro Apprentices on the Ist of August next, was principally
occasioned by the opposition- of her Majesty's Ministers to that
measure of sound policy and justice, and that their conduct in
thus prolonging a system the alleged and irremediable evils of
which are evinced by their own Bill for the amendment of the
Apprenticeship Act of 1833, es well as by other official documents,
has occasioned the deepest disappointment and regret to a large
proportion of their friends and supporters, and cannot be too ex-
plicitly or too loudly condemned.
Moved by G. THOMPSON, and seconded by Rev. P. CATER,-
2. That the Petitions to Parliament in support of the object of
Sir George Strickland's Motion were, in the opinion of this Meet-
ing, an unequivocal expression of the sentiments of the majority of
nearly every constituency throughout the kingdom, and that many
of the Members of the House of Commons who voted against that
Motion acted in open violation of their professions and principles,
as well as in defiance of the earnest wishes of a large and influ- '
ential proportion of their constituents.
Moved by Admiral GORDON, and seconded by ROBERT PERFECT--
3. That with these views of the position of this momentous
struggle, this Meeting cordially approves the renewed agitation of
the question both in and out of Parliament, and pledges itself to
redoubled and untiring exertions to obtain by constitutional means
the earliest possible termination of the apprenticeship, and of every
form and vestige of slavery, throughout her Majesty's deminions,
and adopts the following as its Petition to the Legislature :
The following is a copy of the Petition agreed to at the Meet-
ing :
To the Right Honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in
Parliament assembled.
The Humble Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Bath.
SHEKETH,
That your Petitioners have observed with the deepest regret and
disappointment the denial, by the Honourable the House of Com-
mons, of the prayer of the Petitioners from all parts of the kingdom,
for the full and unconditional emancipation of the Prasdial Negro
Apprentices in her Majesty's Colonies on the Ist of August next.
That your Petitioners regard all that has transpired in connexion
with the discussion of this painfully exciting question, both in Par-
liament and elsewhere, as an ample confirmation of the justice and
sound policy of the boon for which they asked, and as an impera-
tive inducement not to desist from the employment ef all constitu-
tional means to obtain it at the earliest possible period.
That should inconvenience to her Majesty's Government, •r
temporary injury to the Colonies, arise from the renewed agitation
of the question, your Petitioners will regard those evils as justly
chargeable, not to themselves in asking, but to those who have in-
curred the responsibility of withholding a measure demanded alike
by the most sacred principles of justice, humanity, and religion, and
by the most obvious interests of the Colonies, and of all classes of
her Majesty's subjects.
Your Petitioners, therefore, most earnestly implore your Right
Honourable House to adopt such measures without delay as shall in-
sure immediate and unconditional freedom to all the Negro Appren-
tices in her Majesty's dominions. •
And your Petitioners will every pray, &c. &c.
Moved by the Rev. T. MARTIN' and seconded by BASIL MAR-
RIOTT, Esq.—
4. That the Petitions be signed by the Chairman on behalf of
this Meeting, and that to the House of Lords be entrusted for
presentation to Lord Brougham, and that to the House of Com-
mons to Joseph Pease, Esq., and that Gore Langton, Esq., and
the Members for this City, be requested to support its prayer in
their places in Parliament.

HER MAJESTY'S MAILS by STEAM to VIGO, OPORTO,
LISBON, CADIZ, GIBRALTAR, MALTA, GREECE,
THE lONIAN ISLANDS, EGYPT, and INDIA.
THE TAGUS will start from off Limehouse on
FRIDAY Morning, the 27th April, at Eleven o'clock, and
from Falmouth on MownA-:, the 30th April.
The PENINSULAR PACKETS start weekly as above, being
met by her Majesty's Packets at Gibraltar.
Further particulars may be obtained on application at the Penin-
sular Steam Navigation Offices, 51, St. Mary Axe.
WILLCOX and ANDERSON, Managers.

HULL STE AMER S.
NEW DAYS OF STARTING
From alongside St. Katharine's Steam Wharf.
The following Magnificent STEAM SHIPS will start from the
above Wharf on and after the let of May next, as follows :
(With leave to tow Nessels.)
WATER WITCII onn
TflTunEasseDAAvy.A3lloorrnainingas,, at Mornings, Eight Eight o'clock.
o'clock.
VIVID on
WILBERFORCE on SATURDAY Mornings, at Eight o'elocl-
Saloon and Bed, 17s. 6d. ; Saloon, Ib-s. ; Fore Cabin, Gs. "
Horses, 210. each ; Four-wheeled Carriages, 3/. 3s. each.
N.B. Private State Cabins in the Wilberforce, for the aceern_
modation of Families and Parties.
Every information may be had on applying to Mr. E. Abell, at
the Company's Office*, 41, Fish-street Hill (where Tru2ses, Par-
cels, and Packages are received,) or on the Irish Walk in Change
hours.--London, April 20, 1835.

LONDON YIN]
WINE C(
DIRE

GAR and BRITISII
IMPANY.
volts.
Dr. Ure, Mr. P. Broad,
John Hunter, Esq. Mr. T. Green,
John Clark, Esq., Mr. S. Grocock,
Capt. Riley, Mr. W. King,
William Barringer, Esq.
With power to add to their number from the general body of
those who shall become Shareholders on or before the 23d of
May, 1838.
CAPITAL—£IOO,OOO. In 20,000 Shares of £3 each.
Deposit £1 per Share.
BANKERS—The London Joint Stock Bank.
This Company presents to small or large Capitalists, aspects of
an extraordinary character : the immense consumption of the two
articles and the certainty of their disposal at liberal profits render
this undertaking unusually safe and lucrative, as upon the most mo-
derate calculation, it offers a clear dividend of twenty per cent. per
annum, on the paid up capital, while such capital is augmenting,
and the Shares consequently becoming increasingly valuable.
To Wine Merchants, Victuallers, Oilmen, and Picklers, this
Company presents a most eligible investment, as by becoming
Shareholders, they unite the advantages of manufacturer and dealer,
and secure to themselves a certain and extensive trade.
The Directors hope that the Trade and the Public generally,
will immediately avail themselves •f Shares in this lucrative
undertaking, especially as they will provide that no Shareholder
shall incur liability beyond the amount of his subscribed capital.
No further call will be made without a month's previous notice,
and then not exceed one pound per share.
Applications for Shares to be made on Sr before the 211 of May
next, by letter only (post paid), to Thomas Moseley, Esq., 13,
Bedford-street, Covent-garden, of whom Prospectuses may be
obtained.
UNITED KING
COAT

,DOINI FISHERIES
?ANY.
oxs.
The Most Noble the Marquis o
Sligo
The Right lion. Lord Cloneurry
The Right Hon. Lord Dunally
TORR.
Sir Wm. Palmer, Bart., Dublin.
Sir John Claridge, London
Thomas Martin, Esq., M.P.
Angelo Solari, Esq., London
Rand. O'Gorman, Esq., Director
Hibernia Bank, Dublin.
Charles Gale Esq.
Thos. J. Marne, Esq., London
J. Clarke, Esq., London

PAT
The Right Hen. the Earl •f)
Courtown

The Right Hon. Viscount Lorton

DIRE

Sir J. Coghill Coghill,Bart.,R. N.
Sir Wm. Brabazon, Bart., 31. P.

Henry W. Barron, Esq., M.P.
Sir James Murray, Mill. Dublin

Jamos Ashley, Esq., London
Cat. Hamilton Avarno, H. C. S.
London

11. J. Knapp, London
John Fottrell, Esq., Governor,
Hibernia Bank, Dublin
Bankers—Messrs. Ashley and Co., London; Hibernia Bank,

Dublin. Secretary—John Davis, Esq.
Capital 300,0001. in three series of 10,000 shares each. Deposit
21. per share, and no call for a year without the authority of a
general meeting of shareholders, who are not to be liable beyond
the amount of their shares.
The Fisheries of Ireland, like other vast natural ',Bourses of
that fruitful country, have hitherto remained wholly neglected.
It can scarcely be credited, were it not proved beforc; a Com-
mittee of the House of Commons, that the southern and western
coasts are the best fishing grounds in Europe, and abound with
cod (equal to that of the Dogger Bank), tarbot, haddock, ling,
hake, salmon, brill, herrings, pilchards, lobsters, &c., and sun fish,
so valuable for its oil.

The Company intend not only to purchase fish from the fishermen
but also to embrace fishing of every description, in lakes, rivers,
bays, and shores, as well as the deep sea fishery, and are about to in-
troduce an improved system of fishing, for which patents are pro-
posed to be obtained, whereby the application of steam power on
new principle will be most advantageously used, as well as to bring
the fish with expedition to the market.
Vessels will be fitted up with tanks so constructed as to preserve
the fish alive, a desideratum hitherto unknown, the excellent flavour
of salmon in particular being lost by its transmission packed in ice.
The Company will supply the London, Dublin, Liverpool, Bristol,
and other markets with live fish in the course of the ensuing June.
It is shown by the Prospectuses that a profitable return of 1401.
per cent. may be realized.
Application for Shares (if by letter, post paid) and Prospectuses
may be made to the Secretary, at 135, Regent-street ; to W. IL_
Green, Esq., Solicitor, 80, Basinghall-street ; el. to Thos. Clouston,
Esq., Dublin.

EjLANVAIR CLYDOGAU SILVER-LEAD
MINING COMPANY.
Capital 60,0001., in 6,000 Shares of 10/. each.
Deposit 2/. 10s. per Share.
BANKERS—Messrs. Glyn, Halifax, Mills, and Co. ; Messrs.
Smith, Payne, and Smith.
SOLICITORS—Messrs. Roy, Blunt, Duncan, and Johnston, Lirer-
pool-street, City.
SECRETARY—Mr. Henry Sully.
TROVISIONAL COMMITTEE.

Henry Luard, Esq. J. L. Hood, Esq.
Thomas Jones, Esq. Thomas Hutton, Esq.
H. Beresford.Fitzgibbon, Esq. IH. C. Moreton Dyer, Esq.
The above Company has been formed for the purpose of more
effectually working and smelting the ores from the highly valuable
and productive silver-lead mines near Lampeter, in the county of
Cardigan, on the property of Lord Carrington, which are univer-
sally known and esteemed throughout Wales for their extraordinary
richness.

These mines, though formerly inefficiently worked, have never-
theless produced large profits ; they recently have undergone ex_
tensive improvements by the present lessee, who has expended a
considerable sum in sinking a new shaft, erecting a new and power-
ful water-wheel, together with every necessary building calculated
for a work of importance. There is a never-failing stream that
will be applied to work the wheel, drain the mines, crush and stamp
the ore, and draw it to the surface, so that none of the capital of
the Company will be absorbed in steam engines and machinery, at
immense cost, usually the case in works of this description. Many
other advantages might be fairly set forth, such as contiguity to an
excellent shipping port, cheapness of provision, and consequently
labour, details more fitting for verbal explanation than public ad-
vertisement.
It is not necessary to enlarge upon the acknowledged reputation
of these mines, and their richness in silver (vide Topographical
Histories of Wales,' ); suffice it to say, that samples previously to
the present tenancy were tested in 1836 by Mr. Johnson, the cele-
brated assayist, and were found to contain 84 ounces of pure silver
to the ton of ore ; subsequently, on the 24th of February, 1838,
specimens were again sent to him, which yielded 87 ounces to the
ton.

The ores from these mines, owing to the large proportion of
silver they contain, have always a ready sale (with scarcely any
fluctuation in price), at from 271. to 3W. per ton ; whilst the pro-
duce of other mines containing none of that precious metal sells for
only 11/. to 121. a ton, and even at that price they are carried on
at a profit. The extraordinary advantages that this investment
presents must be obvious, the more especially as the Llativair
Mines have been already worked, the quality of the ores proved
and reduced to a certainty, thereby divesting the present undertak-
ing from any apprehension of the risk usually attendant on mining
speculations.

A careful survey and elaborate report have been made by Mr.
W. W. Bailey, the well-known mining engineer, by which it will
be seen that 8,000/. per annum is the calculation of the net profits
from the old veins alone, while there is every prospect of propor-
tionate returns from the veins lately opened in different parts of the
estate.

3IARBLE WORKS BY PATENT MA
CHINERY.

The"Puhlie are invited to view the extensive SHOW-ROOK
fitted up by the London Marble and Stone Working Corn.
' ny, containing the greatest variety of CHIMNEY PIECES
T,
ables Wash-hand Stands, and Shop Counters, MONUMENTS
TABLETS, BATHS, and all other articles of Marble Work,
finished in a superior manner.
Country Agents supplied.
Esker-street, Holywell-street, Millbank, Westminster.

EMIGRATION.
1:10A RTNER WANTED.--The Advertiser haying
a been nearly 20 years extensively engaged in agricultural
pursuits, in the most approved districts, under distinguished Agri-
culturists, and being practically acquainted with the best modes of
cultivation, as well as with the selection and management of Sheep
and Cattle, is desirous of meeting with a PARTNER who can
command the sum of 3,0001. to 5,0001., to be employed in the pur-
chase and stocking, &c., of a tract of land in Australia.
Letters, (post paid) addressed to A. 8., 4, Great James-street,
Bedford-row, with real name and address.

SOCIETY for the PROTECTION of LIFE
from FIRE.
PATRONESS—Her Most Gracious MAJESTY the QUEEN.
PRESIDENT—The Right Honourable the LORD MAYOR.
The SECOND ANNUAL MEETING of this SOCIETY,
will be held at the Freemason's Hall, Great Queen-street, Lin-
coln's Inn-fields, on FRIDAY, the 27th of April, 1838.
The Right Honourable LORD TEIGNMOUTH, M.P.
Vice-President, in the Chair;
When the Report of the Proceedings of the past year will be read,
and upwards of Twenty Silver Medals will be presented to those
praiseworthy individuals, who, at the risk of their own lives, have
saved the lives of several persons during the past year from Death
by Fire.
The Society's Fire Escapes will be Exhibited.
The Doors to be Opened at Ten, and the Chair will be Taken at
Eleven Precisely.
HENRY HUGHES, A.M., Honorary Secretary.
W. SPRING. Secretary.
Office, 18, Charlotte-street, Bloomsbury.

PUBLICATIONS.

By his SONS.
John Murray, Albormarle-stical.

Price Is.

NATIONAL COGNAC BRANDY DIS-
TILLERY COMPANY.

To be Incorporated by Act of Parliament.
Gpital 250,000/. in 10,000 Shares of 251. each—Deposit 51.
The object of this Company is to manufacture BRANDY equal
to Cognac, by a newly invented and ingenious apparatus, the secret
of the working and process of which has been purchased by, and is
exclusively secured to the Directors of this Company.
The Brandy produced by the above means is undistinguishable
from Cognac brandy, and ❑ot only does it possess its flavour but
also the same beneficial qualities, for which Foreign Brandy is so
invariably recommended by the Faculty.
The Directors are so confident of the success of this great un-
dertaking, and the benefit that will arise to the public by the sale
of this very superior Brandy, that they fully anticipate being able
to compete with their Continental neighbours--so as to render the
importation of Foreign Brandy unnecessary.
The Directors beg to announce to the Public, that from the
confidence placed in them by the Shareholders in the promptitude
with which the Deposits have been paid, they are enabled to com-
mence business, and to receive orders to any extent.
This Brandy will be supplied at 16s. per Gallon, in quanti-
ties of not less Two Gallons.

A liberal discount allowed to the Trade.
HENRY STOKES, Manager.
18, King-street, Snorr-bill.

THE BRITISH GALVANIZATION OF
INIETAL COMPANY.
SECURED BY HER MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS

PATENT.
Capital, 200,000/., in 10,000 Shares of 20/.
Deposit, 21. per Share.
The objeet of this Company is the manufacture and sale of a
metallic preparation, hitherto unknown in this country, to pre-
serve iron and copper from rust and oxidation, the machinery and
process of which are secured by patent.
In England where these metals arc so extensively used, and their
preservation from rust is of such manifest importance, the esta-
blishment of this Company cannot fail to be of the greatest in-
terest ; and an enumeration of a few of the various objects capable
of being preserved by this invention will at once shew the extensive
field opened for its operation.
Iron rails, pins, screws, and other articles used in railways. The
bright parts of the machinery connected with locomotive engines
which are necessarily exposed to 'the weather. The filed and
bright parts, as well as the steam-boilers, of marine engines. Water
tanks for vessels of war and other ships. Chain cables, ship's bolts,
knees, and all other iron works used in ship-building ; likewise
copper-sh
eathing ; all sorts of iron fixed or used in damp or wet
situations, as mince, docks, wharfs, &c. Sre. Nails, screws, and all
iron-work used in oat-buildings. All copper and bra'ss vessels used
for culinary purposes.
Desirous of making this patent as perfect as possible, its pro-
moters have delayed bringing it forward until the present moment,
in order to test its value by the experiments and calculations of
scientific and practical men ; and it is only after the fullest and
most satisfactory investigation that it is now offered to the public,
as an undertaking which cannot fail to yield large profits.
A prospectus, with ample details, will be immediately issued.
Applications for shares may be addressed, until the 2d of May, to
the Provisional Committee, at the Offices, 83, Cornhill, where
-specimens of the invention may be seen. ,

DRESS COATS, cut in the first style of Fashion,
30s. ; superfine, 40s. to 50s. ; frock coats, silk facings,
38s. and 475. ; ditto, silk Velvet collar and silk facings, 50s. ; trou-
sers, Bs. 6d. to 125. 6d. ; buckskin, cloth, and kerseymere, 15s.
to Z.. ; fancy waistcoats, Gs. 6d. to 10s. 6d. ; rich silk ditto, cloth,
and kersymere, 7s. to 12s. 6d. ; Petersham great coats, 255. and
30s. ; pilot. *oats, 165., 215., and 30s. ; cloth cloaks, 30s. to 50s. ;
milled sloth great &oats, 40s. ; shooting. jackets, 18s ; dressing-
gowns, 10s. 6d. ; boys' and youths' clothing, tunic dresses, 30s. to
405. ; a suit. of clothes for 21. 17s. ; superfine black 3/. ss.
At FISHER and Co.'s, Tailors, 31, King William-street, City,
ten doors from London-bridge.

Application for Shares may be addressed, post paid, to Mr.
Henry Solly, Secretary, 5, Jeffries-square, City, London.
a Extract from Lewis's Topographical Dictionary, under the
head Llanvair Clydogau :—" A valuable mine of lead oro, contain-
ing a considerable quantity of silver, has been worked here for the
last twenty years with considerable success. Each ton of ore con-
tains, upon an average, from 75 to 80 ounces of pure silver."
Extract from Meyrick's History of Cardiganshire, under the
head Llanvair Clydogau :—" The ore from these mines sold for
271. per ton ; I2i cwt. of lead is procured from one ton of ore, and
from 60 to 80 ounces of silver from the same. It is said to be the
richest mine in the county."

32, GREAT RUSSELL-STREET, BLOOMSBURY, and
No. 16, PRINCES-STREET, HANOVER-SQUARE.
MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM
FOR FILLING DECAYED TEETH,
LOOSE TEETH FASTENED,
AND LOSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED.
Monsieur MALLAN, and Son, Surgeon Dentists 32, GREAT
RUSSELL-STREET, BLOOMSBURY, and 16, PRINCES-STREET,
HANOVER-SQUARE, continue to restore DECAYED TEETH
kith their MINERAL SUCCEDANEUM, (of which they are the
Sole INVENTORS and POSSESSORS), without pain, heat, or
pressure, and FASTEN LOOSE TEETH, whether arising
from age, neglect, disease of the Gums, the use, of Calomel, or
any other cause. They have also discoNe:ed a NEW COMPOSI-
TION for ARTIFICIAL TEETH. A peculiar advantage attending
Teeth made from this SUBSTANCE is, that they are totally imper-
vious to acids. ARTIFICIAL '1 EETH 'have hitherto been found ob-
jectionable by INVALIDS taking MEDICINES which have a tendency
to DISCOLOUR them, and by persons of bilious habits. Messrs. M. have
been successful in obviating these objections by their NEW DISCO-
VERY, and they can tix the above without extracting the STUMPS, er
c using any incumbrance,.and even on GUMS of the most tender nature,
protecting the adjoining Teeth, however loose. No WINES or LIGA-
TURES are used, and they MATCH the ORIGINAL TEETH in point
of Shape and Colour. GUARANTEED for MASTICATION and AR-
TICULATION. In consequence of their improvements in the mecha-
nical department of Dmtistry, they are enabled to reduce their charges t
the following scale:—
A Single Artificial Tooth , £o 10 0
A Set . 55 0
A Set of Natural Teeth, on tine gold plate
A Set of Messrs. Mallan's Incorrodible Teeth, highly
finished, with fine gold sockets, in the first style
Filling a Decayed Tooth with Mineral Succedaneum 5 0
N.B.—Mons. MALLAN, Sen., may be consulted daily as usual, at 32,
Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, where he has been established since
1326, and Mons. EDWARD MALLAN, at 16, Princes-street, Hanover-
square.

/
zr.lll. 4011 A
t!?':*ft I
• 4
, • c). I . *t'
•••••••,
• .tt . ".
z
. y L
).4
'
/
0 s•
X t, *it ft,/ • 4•_‘ _ •9 . - t •a, 4/.//r D t 0
41 4

PRICE sd.

To.-morrow will be published, with Portraits, &e.,
5 vols. post Svo.
VrEMOIRS OF.THE LIFE OF WILLIAM
ITX. WILBERFORCE.

On the ht of May will be published, price 2s. 6d., No. 111. of
THE MONTHLY CHRONICLE
Principal Contributors—
E. L. BuLwnß, Esq., M.P., Dr. LARDNER, &e. &e.
Principal Contents—
Life and Writings of Scott. Warming and Ventilating—Ar-
Character and Speeches of Lord nott's and Joyce's Stoves.
Brougham. Zicci, a Tale (continued).
The Irish Church. &e. &c. &c.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

LEER MAJESTY'S DRAWING-ROOM.
The fullest Particulars of her Majesty's Seeond Drawing-
Room, a complete List of the Company, and a Description of the
Ladies' Dresses, will be given in an extra half sheet with the
COURT JOURNAL, GAZETTE of the FASHIONABLE
WORLD of SATURDAY NEXT, April 2s. This publication
stands unrivalled as a record of Manners, Literature, Art, and
Fashion, possessing exclusive sources of information, on all matters
connected with Court and Fashionable Life, &c. To prevent dis-
appointment, orders should be forwarded immediately.
W. THOMAS, PUBLISHER,
19, Catherine-street, Strand.
Supplied by all Booksellers and Newsmen, Postage Free.

LETTER to ALBANY FONBLANQUE,
Esq., on THREE ARTICLES.

Ridgway and Sons, Piccadilly.
Also,
A REFUTATION of the MIS-STATEMENTS of the
of the QUARTERLY REVIEW, on the GOVERNMENT
MEASURES. Second Edition. 2s.

MR. SERJEANT TALFOURD'S NEW TRAGEDY.
On Monday, April 30, will bo published, price 45., sewed,
diE ATHENIAN CAPTIVE.
A Tragedy in Five Acts.
By Mr. SERJEANT TALFOURD, M.P.
Just Published, price 45.,
lON. A Tragedy. Fourth Edition.
To which are added Sonnets, and a new Preface.
Edward .Moson, Dover-street.

ARCADIA ESTATE AND W. ALERS HANKEY, ESQ.
In a few days will be published,
A. CONFIRMATION of the STATEMENTS
which appear in reference to this Estate in the " West
Indies in 1837," with a Letter from the Marquis of Sligo on the
subject of the Family of Negroes unlawfully held in Slavery by the
Manager of this Property.
By JOSEPH STURGE and THOMAS HARVEY.
Also,
A LETTER, Addressed to the London Missionary Society, by
JOSEPH STURGE.
London : Hamilton, Adams, and Co.

Just published, price 2s. 6d.,
Dedicated to his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury,
BRIEF HISTORY of the CHURCH in
UPPER CANADA ; in which the appalling state of
spiritual destitution of vast numbers of the population, the unsuc-
cessful efforts with Her Majesty's Government to obtain assistance,
and the urgent claims of this interesting Colony upon the Christian
sympathy of the Parent State, are fully detailed.
By WILLIAM BETTRIDGE, 8.D.,
St. John's College, Cambridge ; Rector of Woodstock, Upper
Canada; and one of the Deputation from the late Bishop of
Quebec, the Bishop of Montreal, the Archdeacon and Clergy of
Upper Canada.
Painter, 342, Strand ; and all Booksellers.

On the 7th of May next, will be published in ono vol. ova.
MADAME TUSSAUD'S

ME AI OI R S AND REMINISCENCES,
Edited by FRANCIS NERVE, Esq.
Author of " A Residence in Greece and Turkey," &e. &e. &e.
Containing an account of her long residence in the Palace of
Versailles, with the Princess Elizabeth, (sister to Louis the Six-
teenth) and description of the Court at that period.
Also records•of conversations in which she was personally engaged
with Napoleon and other sovereigns of Europe; likewise with Vol-
taire, Rousseau, Mirabeau, Necker, La Fayette, Robespierre,
Danton, Marat, &c. &c. Few persons perhaps now existing, who
eau give a more accurate account than herself of all that transpired
during the Revolution, ker reminiseences being clear, her observa-
tions ever acute, whilst circumstances brought her in contact with
almost every remarkable character who figured in the revolutionary
annals.

Saunders and Otley, Conduit street, Hanovor-square ; mad may
be had also at the Exhibition Bazaar, Balzer-strwit, Portman-
square.

This day was published, by T. HILL, Medical Bookseller, Great
Windmill-street, Haymarket, price 2s. 6d.,
PRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI
ill TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM. THEIR
VARIETIES, CAUSES, TREATMENT, and CURE.

By a MEMBER of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS,
LONDON, and
SURGEON to a METROPOLITAN INFIRMARY.

Sold by Simpkin and Marshall, Stationers'-court ; Onwhyn, Ca-
tharine-street, Strand; Templeman, 2,15, Regent-street ; Chap-
pell, 19, Cornhill ; and all Booksellers in Town or Country.

CA UTION.—CUR TIS and DOLLAND'S
OBSERVATIONS AGAINST the USE of AMBER
SPECTACLES, (Second Edition) on the Preservation of Sight,
pages 55 and 56.—" Amber is a soft substance, and it is impossible
to form it into a perfect lens, and a lens . improperly constructed
would prove most injurious to vision. Amber from the soft state
of the material in moderate heat becomes sticky, and by cleaning
the lens in a short time the polish comes off; they also become
scratched and completely blind. Glue, as to hardness of substance
and colour, is considered much preferable ; they are much inferior
either to glass or pebbles." John Harrison Curtis, Esq., M.R.1.,
Oculist Surgeon to the Royal Dispensary, and Lecturer on the
Anatomy, Physiology, and Pathology of the Eye and Ear, states—
" It will probably be expected that I should say what I think of
Amber Spectacles ; they have been recommended by several
Oculists, and my patronage has been solicited for them ; but surely
those gentlemen who have sanctioned them cannot have remem-
bered that amber is comparatively a soft substance, consequently
very liable to become scratched, and that the polish is easily worn
off; they are also much more expensive than even pebbles, and, as
it appears to me, possess no advantage corresponding with their
costs. For those reasons I entirely differ from those who have
thought them preferable to Pebbles or Glass. Mr. Dolland,
optician to his Majesty, and Fellow of the Royal Society, informs
me that he considers amber a very improper material for Specta-
cles, on account of its colour, its net being homogeneous, its lia-
bility to scratches, and its being also impossible to form it into a per •
feet lens."
