TI-IE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, JUNE.:23, IR4O.

That in like manner the African Slave Trade has long been
suppressed by law In the United States of North iNmerica,
although slavery still ex-iiii-ghat eountrrto-a frightful extent,
That the like facts are true of the Dutch, Danish, and
Swedish West Indies, and of all the independent Stites of
South America, of Spanish origin.
That the empire of Brazil, and the colonial dependencies of
Spain, are the only remaining countries pf the world to which
the African Slave Trade is now carried on, to any considerable
extent.

That if history or past experience can be referred to as an
index of the probable course of future events, the suppression
of the trade in slaves to Cuba, Porto Rico, and Brazil, Will in
like manner precede the abolition of negro slavery in these
countries.

vV
That although the universal abolition of slavery would infer
the universal extinction of the slave trade, there can be no good
reason why simultaneous efforts should not be made for the
attainment of both objects.
That the primum mobile of the African Slave Trade is to be
found in the high rate of profit which the dealer derives from it.
That if that rate of profit could be reduced to the ordinary
rate of lawful commerce, there would be no temptation to its
continuance.

That by the law of Spain and Brazil, and by subsisting
treaties and conventions between these and other countries, the
practice of the slave trade is recognized as illegal in Spain and
Brazil. _ ..

That if these laws, treaties, and conventions, had been fully
and faithfully carried into effect, the slave trade to Spain and
Brazil must have shared the fate of that trade to the other re-
gions of the new world.
That it it therefore desirable that further efforts should be
made to obtain the faithful execution of these laws, treaties,
and conventions.

That the universal recognition of the principle of a presump-
Con in f:-vour of freedom, in the absence of direct evidence to
the contrary, would greatly conduce to these desirable ends.
That this presumption would throw on the possessor of a
slave the burden of proving his pretended right of property,
even in those countries where the praetice of slavery is still
unhappily tolerated.
Tnat in virtue of subsisting treaties with Spain and Brazil,
tribunals, called Courts of Mixed Commission, have been esta-
blished at the Havannah and at Rio de Janeiro, for adjudicating
on various questions connected with the African Slave Trade.
That in these Courts English Judges enjoy a concurrent ju-
risdiction with Spanish and Brazilian Judges.
That if the jurisdiction of these Courts of Mixed Commis-
sion were so extended as to give them the power of inquiring
into the right of an African, the victim of the slave trade, to
his freedom, under the laws of the country in which they
respectively sit, such victim would be better enabled to achieve
the recovery of his freedom.'
That such recovery of freedom would be farther facilitated
by the appointment in each of these Courts of •one or more
English officers, concurrently With native officers, invested
with the powers of a Public Prosecutor, and charged with the
duty of asserting the right of imported Africans to their
freedom.

That a Committee of this Convention be authorised to ad-
dress itself by Memorial, or Petition, or Deputation, or other-
wise, to the British Government, for the purpose of inducing
the negotiation of new treaties for so extending the powers of
these mixed Courts as to give practical effect to the pre-
sumption in favour of freedom.
That the Government of his Majesty the King of the French
be in like manner addressed, entreating the beneficent co-ope-
ration of that Government in the attainment of this object.
That a Memorial be transmitted to the Government of his
Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Brazil, on the part of this
Convention, entreating that Government to accede to the de-
mands of justice and humanity.
That a deputation from this Convention be to the Court
of her Catholic Majesty, beseechine. the Government of the
Queen to give practical effect to the' promises and professions
of that Government, that the Slave Trade would be no longer
tolerated within the dependencies of her Majesty's Crown.
Judge BARING rose to move that a reference be added, to
the original resolutions, directed to the States, (such as the
Alsbama),, in which coloured freemen were held on entering
them to be enslaved.
Mr. O'CoNNELL, with great warmth, begged to know if
British subjects were included in such laws.
Judge Ba alsa—There is no distinction of nations in all
coloured persons.—( Hear. )
Mr. O'CONNELL—Do you know any cases of such enslaving
of British subjects?
Judge BARING did not know of any cases of British subjects,
but he did of others.—(Hem
Mr. O'CONNELL indignantly declared that such laws were
vo
contrary to international principles—(Hear, hear)—and he
Be
enslaved, Jeadn:a n
ica
e,
of who had
them a
been
young lady.—(Hear, hear.)
Judge BARING said the State would not remedy the evil, would inquire of the Government if they knew of their ex-
istence.—( Hear, hear.)
coloured
kidnapped
The Rev. Mr. Krim; declared that he had known of several
individuals fromA lab
allml Montego
ate,guoi
and the Central Goyerninent must be resorted to.
The Rev. Mr. Ksies said there was one part upon which
he wished to give Some information to the meeting. It was a
fact that the free subjects of Great Britain were taken from
Jamaica and sold as slaves in America, and he could state to
them that a young lady, the daughter of a Noble Lord, who
had-gone out to Montego Bay, had been sold as a slave in Ja-
maica.—( Hear, and cries of:" Name.")
Mr. O'ColiNeLL wished the Rev. Gentleman would give
him the facts in writing. •
A DELEGATE asked whether any steps had been taken in the
matter ?
Rev. Mr. KN11313 said, when the Marquis of Sligo heard of
it, he had sent a British man-of-war to demand the lady, but
she was still a slave, and so were many otheri who had gone
out as nurses and servants, and had been sold in the seine way.
Unless some steps were taken, it was impossible to say where
the system would and. Indeed, to suds a pitch had it gone in
Jamaica, that it had been found necessary to warn every co-
loured and black man not to go in an American ship. Some
of the American vessels were in the habit of taking coloured
men at New York, and when they got to Jamaica they shipped
them as slaves to other ports. It had been said by the Ameri-
can Consul there, that if there was any interference it would
occasion a war with America, but his (Mr. Knibb's) answer was
let it come, he (lid not cat e for that.--( Hear, hear. )

Mr. O'CONNELL had no hesitation in stating that if the Bri-
tish Government did not interfere for the protection of British
subjects—if they allowed them to be thus deprived of-their
-feectiorn, and made slaves:A.4,4)&oy- ought to pay a sinew
penny in the.shape of taxes.—(Hear, bear. )
Mr. STA UNION, of New York, said there were 800,000
British subjects in the WArt Indies, and if they did not take
good care, the Americans would get hold of them all.
After some further discussion, Mr. Baring withdrew his
amendment, and the resolutions were then agreed to.
Mr. Wm. FosTEit said it appeared to him that the present
was the proper time to bring forward a resolution on this-. sub-
ject of American slavery. Mr. Foster here read his reso.
tion. He could add, if required, his own evidence of what he
had seen when travelling through the southern states of the
North American Union in 1824, but it was almost unnecessary
to add anything to the facts that had been already laid before
the Convention. Indeed, it would be impossible to produce
anything more striking than what had been already mentioned.
He had not forgotten, nor would he ever forget, the impres-
sion that had ben made upon his mind of the enormity and
iniquity of that trade as carried on at the time, from the older
to the more newly settled states of the Union. He would be
digressing from the subject if, in a few words, he adverted to
the circumstances in which the slave trade stood with reference
to the Brazils and the Brazilian States.
The CHAIRMAN said as the question was one not immedi.
ately connected with the subject before them, it would be for
the meeting to say whether they would hear Mr. Foster or not.
—( Hear, hear. )
Mr. FOSTER said his reason for introducing the subject in-
cidentally was, that Ise believed it would not be in their power
to discuss it fully during the resent sittings.
A DILEGATE said they had already suffered from the intro-
duction of irregular discussions, and he trusted therefore they
would be avoided for the future.
The CHAIRMAN felt that it was a subject of incidental dis-
cussion, but that it was one of great importance.
Color.el MILLER seconded the resolution with regard to the
internal slave trade in the United States. Though Congress
bad declared the slave trade piracy, they had never visited the
parties with the punishment of piracy.
Mr. STAUNTON was sorry to be under the necessity of
moving an amendment to the resolution that had been proposed
and seconded. It was not correct in point of fact, because it
stated at the conclusion—. that it is at the same ti ne our de-
liberate judgment that the only effectual remedy is the utter ex-
tinction of slavery. Although he agreed in the general pro-
position laid down by the British and Foreign Slave Trade
Abolition Society, that the only remedy was the utter abolition
of slavery, yet that principle did not apply to the internal slave
nr
tet
trade in the United States, because, while the Congress had
tefpmutNt.teirngt
nan
extinguisht o the et
inslave the
it tide
internal ailn partshe
u
'owyhaedr hei
of the country..—(Cheers.)
not the
t they
Mr. O'CONNELL thought that the resolution as proposed,
was full of good common sense.
way to abolish the slave trade was to abolish slavery.
Mr. Ibtaneuesi concurred
entirely
in the sentiments that
had been expressed by the Hon. Mend) r for Dublin.
If they
got a law from the Congress in America,
hewould
venture to
:
say they would not be able to carry it into effect without a
slaves
large army of soldiers, because would be smuggled frOnt
one State to another. The great object in getting Congress to
pass a law for the prevention of '
tthis species of .traffic,,
would be, that it would hold out a great moral example.
Mr. JAMES FULLER thought the meeting ought to be made
well acquainted with what the internal slave trade in America
was before it was called upon not to adopt this resolution.
Mr. W. Fost ER said that .he would not press the resolution
upon the Convention if they would only allow him to propose
another, or call their attention to the state of slavery in the
Brazils. From an official return of vessels engaged in the
slave trade to the coast of Brazil, under the Portuguese flag,
that arrives! at the port of Janeiro, it appeared that 84 vessels
had entered that port, bringing with them 36,974 slaves. And
although the number of vessels and slaves imported in that
year were less than the preceding one, the trade could not
be considered as having diminished, for the. reduced number of
slaves imported in 1838 was to be accounted for by several of
the. traders having ordered their vessels to discharge at other
ports of Brazil, and fit out from thence. In order to show the
' which the slave trade was. carried on he would just
manner in
advert to some few of the vessels engaged in that traffic which
had entered the port of Rio Janeiro under the Portuguese flag
during the
year 1838. In the month of January, in that year,
the brig Generoso, fromQuellimaine, landed no less
than eight hundred slaves at Sepetiba ; in March
of that year the barque Maria Carlotta, from Angola, landed
829 slaves, and the Carolina, from Quellimaine, landed 1050
slaves from Campos. In June, 1838, the ship Cintra, frrtn
Miriam, bique took in a cargo of 970 slaves, 214 of whem died
on the passage from small-pox, and the remaining 756 were
landed, in a very sickly state, at San Sebastaio. The brig
schooner Esperance, from Cabinda, landed 400 slaves in a very
sickly state, and there were now 5,000 newly-imported slaves
on sale at the different repositories in that city and its environs.
He would not pursue this account further, but it showed a
Most lamentable picture of the traffic in human flesh. The
return then went on to state that there were four large reposi_
tories fdr slaves in the vicinity of the city ; that the most con-
that at the Bay of Jurujuba,
siderable is which is supported by
Jorge Jose de Souza, Joze 13ernardina do Sa, Joze Pimenta.'
jun., and Joao Machado Surdoza, who have occasionally had
there as many as 6,000 slaves on sale. The second in magni-
tude is that at the Ponta de Caju, where there are warehouses
close to the beach for the reception of slaves, and at all times
there are many of these miserable beings on sale. The other
two depositories of Botafogo and St. Clemente, are not so ex-
tensive as those first mentioned ; but occasionally they •
are well
slaves. In many houses
supplied v ith sla
this city, and in the suburbs, there are from 60 to 100 slaves
continually on sale. At the town of Itagoahy, near to Elsa
Grande, slaves are as openly sold•as they were at the slave
market street of Rio Janeiro before the prohibition of the trade by-
Brazil. The slave the treaty with cargoes are regularly insured
by the Assurance Companies and individual underwriters of Rio
Janeiro. There exists a Company for lending money , on respon-
dentia for slave cargoes. some of tne slave traders are
making arrangements for employing steam-boats in the trade.
It would be seen from this that the slave trade was carried on
to a very great extent in this port; but if further proof was
required, it was to be found in the different correspondences
that had taken place between the representative of this country
at Lisbon and the Foreign Office. In a letter from Lord
Viscount Palmerston to Lord Howard de Walden, of the 12th
of May 1833, it appeared that an address had been unanimously
adopted by the House of Commons, representing to her Ma-

jesty that th e slava trade still continued with great intensity,
and that it 'h is even been aggravated in all its horrors. In a
letter from Mr. Jerninghans to Viscount Pahnerston, it was
stated "That the itriportllilarff ilairiis'into Srazil ten imatt"effgr,'
and that they: are cheaper than when the traffic was legal, there
being now am duty upon them." And in a letter from Lord
Palmerston, to be presented by Lord Howard de Walden to the
Portuguese Government, it was stated that the Atlantic
swarms with vessels bearing the flag of Portugal, and loaded
deep with human victims. In 1837, 48 vessels bearing the Por-
tugueseilag entered the port of Havannah, after having landed
slaves in the neighbourhood; and in 18.38, 44 Portuguese ves-
sels followed in the same course • and reckoning upon an ave-
rage 443 slaves for each vessel, the number of slaves lauded in
Cuba by these Portuguese vessels must have been at least
40,700. But the, number of Portuguese slave vessels which
carry on the trade with Brazil is still greater. At Rio de
Ja-
neiro above 93 slave vessels under the Portuguese flag are re-
ported as having entered the port in the year 1837, and as
having landed in the province to which that capital belongs the
enormous number of 41,600 slaves. In the ' year 1838, 84
Portuguese vessels landed in the same province 36,700 slaves.
It will be observed that this calculation does net include the
number of Portuguese slave vessels which resort to other
places in Cuba besides the Havana, nor to any other provinces
in Brazil but that of Rio de Janeiro. To these must again be
added the number which founder at sea, and the number :those
which are captured and condemned, which, at Sierra Leone,
amounted to 36, in the two years 1837 and 1838."
And, in another letter from Viscount Palmerston to the Baron
de Mcncorvo it was stated that " The cruelty with which the
trade is carried on, has not been lessened in these latter days.
It has been stated during the very last year, that, ".in these
slave ships, hundreds of negroes are, during long voyages,
crammed into spaces far too small to contain them without the
greatest degree of bodily suffering ; that the slave traders, when
chased, are in the habit of throwing overboard into the sea,
those negroes whose health has broken down under the torture
of their confinement ; and that, in order to lighten their ship,
and facilitate their escape, they actually drown such of their
cargo as are not likely to be profitable for sale in the market to
which they are going." And, in a letter from her Majesty's
Commission to Viscount Palmerston, the following oc-
curred :—" It will not, we hope, be regarded as irrelevant to
this subject, if we again advert to the indirect, if it should not
rather be called the direct, interest which British merchants
and British capital in Brazil, derive from the slave trade. With
what but British goods is the African market, the freight which
is to be bartered for the slave, supplied? With what but slave
labour are the works, originating in British capital and enter-
prise, carried on in this country ? How are the various mines,
which, but for similar support, would soon become inope-
rative, worked? Not by free, but by slave labour."
Mr. Forster, after reading this document, said he would
only say that he should have been glad if these facts had come
to the knowledge of the Convention at an earlier period.
Mr.- GEo. STACEY hoped the Convention would come to
sonie resolution on the information thus communicated. lie
believed it to be' a most important feature in the proceedings,
and to make known a greater amount of misery and iniquity
connected with slavery than any other document that bad been
brought before them.
Tice Rey. Tuos..Swast, of Birmingham, rose to submit to
the Convention a resolution relative to the Missionaries in Ja-
maica, which he desired to see adopted, not so much for their
honour and for justice to them (for they stood higher than that)
as for the honour of the Convention, and that it might do justice
to itself. It had been put into his hand by a clear-headed and
kind-hearted member of the Soeiety'of Friends, to whom he
had been previously unknown, but whom it delighted him to
be of use to in introducing it to the Convention. It was as fol-
lows ( A short conversation ensued on reading the resolution
relative to the insertion of other names than that of Mr.
Knibb, and it was ultimately carried in the following terms :—)
" That this Convention having read with the deepest inte-
rest and the greatest satisfaction the proofs adduced by the
The Rev. W. Knibb and the Rev. J. Clark, of the moral ad-
vancement, the literary improvement, and the Christian pro-
gress of the emancipated labourer in Jamaica, expresses its
warmest sympathies with those devoted and calumniated men,
Mr. Knibb and his coadjutors, who, under circumstances of
much excitement and great difficulty, have by their prudence,
firmness, and Christian courage protected their coloured
brethren in the enjoyment of those equal rights and that en-
tire independence which were intended by the Act of emanci-
pation, and which the liberality of the British people gives
them a right to demand." It was pretty well known to most 1
Members of the Convention that Mr. Knibb had been called
every thing but a gentleman.—(Laughter.) A respected
ministerial brother on one occasion, at Birmingham, had pro-
duced a catalogue of names which had been given him, and
stated that he was generally known by that of the Daniel O'Con-
nell, of Jamaica.—( Laughter.) Certainly that was multum
in parvo.—( Hear, hear.) The names of American Aboli-
tionists stood high—of women as well as men—Angelina
Grimki, Maria Chapman, and others, among whom he
would name, as an American Abolitionist, George Thompson.
—( Cheers.) These names were musical in their ears, but
they did not stand higher, in his humble judgment, than did
those of the ' missionaries in Jamaica.—( Hear, hear. )
Let it not be : forgotten that to them we were in-
debted for the act of emancipation. But a higher honour
-awaited' them; that 'of being subjected to the frowns
of the wicked in high places—of being maligned anti
falsified for righteousness sake, by those from whose tell grasp,
they had rescued the suffering negro. But their characters, he
would be Doid to say, would stand the test and come forth from
this furnace as gold seven times 'purified. Their characters
were as immaculate as their exertions were imble, and God
would be with them—Omnipotence would stretch his hand,
over them, and keep them as the apple of his eye. As to men
in power he (Mr. S.) had no faith in them ; they were clever
men, but not great men. He would not mention nantes, but
some of them were degenerate plants of noble vines. They
must trust them not, but take this business into their own hands.
If he might be allowed he would express his thanks to the dis-
tinguished Gentleman beside him (Mr. O'Connell), for whom
he felt grateful. not only t'or having spoken eloquently, but for
having acted eloquently also.—( Cheers. )
The Rev. A. HA avEv rose with great pleasure to second
the resolution: He thought the cause of abolition in the,West
Indies owed much, not only to the labour but to the courage
and Christian prudence of the Missionaries. But for the re-
sistance of these intrepid men to all attempts to silence them
the cause could not have advanced so rapidly as it did. The
Missionary Smith had carried the torch of liberty through the
land, and roused the population, and the noble stand made in
,s42,,eissiment 19y-Lo.ll3roughatn:in vindicating the Missionaries
had roused many to action who had never acted in the cause of
the slave before ; and now emancipation was carried, he be-
lieved the prudence of the Missionaries had already done, as cer-
tainly it would be required to do, much to secure its full benefit
to the negro.—( Hear, hear.)

3 r. O'Coloter.t. having risen to make an observation on the
conversation before referred to said, as he was on his legs he
wished to make a few observations on the resolution.—(Cheers.)
Ile would not be guilty of any lengthened tresspass on their
patience, but he could not be silent on this motion of thanks to
his friend Mr. Knibb.—( Hear, hear.) And really he would
prefer, though lie could not express his sentiments in adequate
terms of admiration of the conduct that gentleman had pursued
an,l of gratitude for his services ; yet he should infinitely prefer
that his, tongue should do discredit to his intellect in at-
tempting to speak his merits justly, than that his heart
should be restricted in the expression of his gratitude
to a man who had suffered so much and had done so much good
for the cause of the negro.—(Hear, hear.) Gentlemen here
little knew what perils Mr. Knibb had undergone—theydittle
knew that he had this merit, o f exciting the animosity and
hatred of every enemy to morality, religion, and liberty in
Jamaica..-.( Cheers.) In proportion as good men favoured
the vices of the system of slavery there, and of course when all
bad:passions and sinister interests were combined in one im- '
pulse in faiour of slavery, so potent must have been the motives
in the white population, and so potent were the enemies of
Mr. Knibb. But they had not confined themselves to calling
him a very O'Corinell.—( If they could have called him worse
they would have done so)—(Cheers and laughter)—but they
had traduced him in evey possible way. His path had been
beset with vilification and calumny. His person had been
seized, and for daring to thank God that he had escaped the
necessity of resorting to a-med force to protect himself; for
no greater ceime he had been manacled, fettered, and cast in
prison, and many regretted they had not made him a martyr by
putting him to death. And did that intimidate him ? No !
With true agitation courage—( Cheers and laughter)—he
determined to act with three-fold greater zeal against
the enemies of Christianity and freedom than he had ever done ,
before.—( Hear, hear.) It was not only the purity of his in-
tentions, his exertions, and his success which deserved their
approbation—it was the talent, the tact, and the perseverance
with which he had followed up all his exertions in favour of his
coloured brethren, whim he now had the glorious recompense
of seing embracing every good work—coming forward to de•
dare their belief in the Redeemer—anxious for the education
of their children—setting out their land. And freemen, aye,
and freeholders too—(Cheers)—looking forwaid to the time
when they should have their representatives in the Assembly,
and instead of looking to England to protect them, should
assert their own rights by strength of acts and arms if neces-
Sexy, but still more satisfactorily by their power in the:legisla-
tion of the island.—(Cheers.) To Mr. Knibb, and those who
participated with him, much of these results were due, and by
the manner in which they had overcome difficulties which
opposed them they had given salutary experience in other coun-
tries of the facility with which they could work nut the eman-
cipation of the negro.—( Hear, hear.) What a lesson had they
read of America and of the Brazils!—what a living and speak-
ing picture had they exhibited of the facility of carrying out
emancipation, and of the safety of doing justice—( Hear, hear)
—and it would be a libel against the God of justice
if it were safer to exercise iniquity and tyranny—
to inflict stripes and punishment—to rob men of their time and
labour; and to declare that there would be •'danger in doing
justice, and setting free the slave, and in touching the con-
sciences of men, and urging them to an act of tardy retri-
bution.—t Cheers.) Until the experiment was made, however,
thiewould not be believed. Glory be then to the spirit mani-
fested in the effort—(Cheers)—and let that spirit be cherished
and transmitted. There were many young Knibbs there now,
whose hearts were throbbing strongly to distinguish themselves,
who would learn, in the praises received in that Convention,
.the rich reward good mess bestow on the worthy participators
in the cause of universal freedom. Mr. Knibb and he (Mr.
O'Connell) differed much in their religion—that was an affair
between themselves and God—(Hear, hear)—but they agreed
heartily in its highest and greatest principle--that„of universal
charity and benevolence towards man.—(Cheers.) His Hon.
Friend might receive praise which he had not expected, but
he had well deserved it. He had been a confessor in the great
cause of human liberty, he was almost a martyr, and here they
had him ready to be a confessor and a martyr yet.—( Loud
cheers.)

Mr. SPURGE said he thought it right to say Mr. O'Connell
was slightly mistaken in one circumstance, which he had men-
tioned. Mr. Knibb at the time he was imprisoned for his zeal
by the Government, had been compelled to take up arms, and
had not refused to do so.
Mr. BIRT of Manchester said that although there might be
some indelicacy in a personal friend of Mr. Knibb's joining in
the discussion of this resolution, it might be thought on the
other hand that if such a person were silent it might seem
as if he did not cordially agree in the sei.timent expressed by
°the's. Mr. O'Connell, with his usual point and eloquence,
had alluded to the many difficulties which the ardent zeal and
perseveinnee of Mr. Knibb had overcome, and hadshown how
these difficulties had only stimulated him to greater exertion,
but those who h'd known Mr. Knibb for many years, and the
course lie had pursued,
knew well that. to n mind like his—
kind and tender, as well as ardent and zealous—the timidity of
the friends of liberty, and the ever prudence of many
who offered him their counsel was far more painful. These
persons complained that he was not sufficiently delicate in his
expressions—that he told the truth too boldly—( Hear, hear)
—and even went so far as to shock the delicacy of some sensi-
tive persons by calling things by their right names.—(Hear,
hear.) These were difficulties harder to overcome than
calumny, but he had vassed safely and successfully
through them, and whatever he might have felt
when his friends had endeavoured to restrain him, or at
the fierce hostility of those who threatened him with destruction,
he had been sustained and carried through the trial, and they
had now to congratulate him on the success of their exertions,
in which he had taken so prominent a part, and he trusted that
he would live to see the day when they should meet to celebrate
one universal jubilee of all mankind, and when the whole world
should join in the dissemination of the principles of morality,
religion, and peace.—( Cheers. )
Dr. Cox felt anxious that on this occasion the name of Mr.
Burchell should not be forgotten, because he, toe, had stood in
the front of the anxious battle that had been fought in Jamaica
—he too, as Mr. O'Connell had observed, was a confessor and
almost a martyr, and at that moment was sinking under the

effects of his exertions in Jamaica. He wished to see asso-
ciated the names of Burchell, Gardner. Clark, and Knibb for
they were " all honourable men."—( Cheers.) ,
6•-•.trftsit-rsiserrtw•but-eloqtient-- eulogy en-Mns-gaibla..ana.l44
brother missionaries from thss Rev. Thos. Scales,
Dr. Hoar said, with reference to one sentiment that had
fallen from Mr, O'Connell, it ought to be ren-em-
bered that there had been " a young William Knibh,"
a youth of twelve years old, who died of a fever
produced by excess of joy on bearing that the mem-
bers of his, father's church had united in the voluntary
manumission of their slaves, and so deeply were these persons
impresser' with the excellencies of the character of the young
philanthropist that they erected a tablet to his memory. He
thought it would be interesting to the Convention to know
the trial which their friend had been called on to endure, and that
his beloved child had fallen a martyr to the cause.—( Hear. )
Dr. G. K. PRINCE said the gentleman who had preceded him
had spoken from reports from Jamaica ; but he begged leave
to present himself to them as one which for a series
of years had been acquainted with the operations of
the Baptist missionaries and others in Jamaica. He
thought his testimony would be valued as in 1823, when he
had first sailed to Jamaica. He went with the notion that the
security of property in that island was likely to be disturbed
by this result of their exertions, and he remembered that in
his first communication from the island, he had expressed the
opinion that they should do very well if Mr. Buxton and
others would only let them alone. But it was not long before
he saw proper to recal this opinion, and he could state that
he attributed it without reservation to the inst.' uctions of those
excellent persons and their judicious conduct in many resnects,
the great preparation that WAS made in the negro mind for
the benefit that was afterwards conferred on them.—(Cheers.)
Such was the spirit of honesty and morality that prevailed,
that he could expose property in Jamaica in a manner in which
he could not do it in England, and such was the conviction of
this truth there, that many of the slaves who had been active
in destroying their chapels, had not been backward in supply-
ing resources for raisin„.. them again.—(Hear, hear.) He (Dr.
Price) had had the honour of suffering some loss With the
missionaries, and also of opening his doors to them, and those
belonging to them, when many others were shut, and he was
desirous to offer his acknowledgments for the many benefits he
had received from them in return.—(Cheers. )
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously, and
the Convention adjourned till four o'clock.

The Convention re-assembled at Four o'clock.
Mr. R. JowITT brought up the Report of the Committee
appointed to consider of the situation of the negro population
of Upper Canada. It was as fellows :

" This Committee, viewing with the deepest interest, and the
most earnest solicitude, the state, condition, and welfare of the
coloured population of Upper Canada, and finding that attempts
have been made by slave.holders in the United States to re-capture
and bring into captivity such fugitive slaves as have taken refuge
in the province by accusations of felony ; and as it has come to the
knowledge of this Cemmittee that, in the attempted surrender of
persons so charged, human life has been sacrificed, do earnestly re.
commend to this Convention to address her Majesty's Secretary of
State for the Colonies, inquiring, as far as be deems consistent with
the public service, whether instructions have been sent to her Ma.
jesty's representative in Canada so to act, in the event of any re.
newed application, as will prevent a coloured fugitive from such
surrender,
"And whereas public provision has been made in the different die.
tricts of Upper Canada for the purpose of education, and schools
having been opened to which the coloured people have been in-
vited by the Lieutenant-Governor of the province ; and whereas
the odious, unchristian Prejudice against colour has operated most
detrimentally in ftustrating the desires of the Government by vir-
tually excluding coloured persons from these schools, this Corn.
mi►tee strongly recommend the Convention to address the Colonial
Minister, requesting that he would issue such instructions as may
insure to the coloured population of Upper Canada the benefit and
blessings of education in common with the white inhabitants a the
province.

" This Committee also begs respectfully to submit to this Convention
that it is very desirable that the paper of the Rev. Herbert Taylor,
read by one of the Secretaries, showing that slavery is a recognised
principle of the Hudson's Bay Company, and that native Indians
are held as slaves both by the Company and its servants; should be
brought as early as possible under the notice of the Government,
in order that immediate and effectual measures be taken for its
entire suppression.

THOMAS ROLPH,
CHARLES EDWARD LESTER,
JOHN W. WAYNE,
RICHARD DAVIS WEBB,
ROBERT JOWITT,
ROBERT FORSTEF:„
Mr. FORSTER seconded the adoption of
was unanimously agreed to. *tine Report, which
Mr. FoRSTER said he was dam
.ated by his brother then engaged
in the labours of the COPr.entioln, to move—
" That this Convc
few details [of has heard with horror and detestation a
rl-.le appalling extent of the illegal trade in slaves
from AfriC9. to the Brazils ; and feels called upon to recommend the
whole sull,',eet to the close and unremitting attention of the Coin.
mirtfe of the British and Foreign Anti. Slavery Society."
Mr. PRUMPHRY seconded the motion, which was unani-
mously adopted.
FraGussox moved, and Mr. Alderman 13n LLEY, of
Liverpool, seconded the motion, that
"This Convention has heard with deep regret and sorrow, of
which the internal slave trade is carried on from the older to the
more newly settled slave states of the North American Union, to
the extent of upwards of 80,000 victims annually to this un_
tlghteous traffic."

" Resolved—That on expressing their detestation of this traffic,
and in acknowledging that it excites their deep surpriseand abhorrence
that this should be protected and cherished by a nation which has
abolished the African slave trade, and declared it le be piracy—
this Convention is impressed with the conviction that such a syste-
matic trade in man must be attended with excessive cruelty and
wrong to the objects of it, and involved in its prosecution a fearful
ox tent of barbarity and hardness of heart on the part of the trader ;
and that effectual means ought to be forthwith taken in the United
States of America to remove this stain from the character of that
nation,"

Dr. Honaxtrt was anxious to say a few words respecting,
the colony of Liberia, of which he had been an anxious ob-
server for many years. He desired not to raise a discussion
respecting the success of the colony then, but he did hope that
the Members of the Convention would fully consider the ques-
tion in their private meditations. He could assure them that
the question was-nu:eh- misundersttiod." He depTererthe sort
of civil war, as he might term it, which ran Ad amongst the
friends of the negro upon this subject, and was sure it was
only because of erroneous information upon it.
A very desultory conversation ensued, many denying that
the colony had been any benefit to the negro, but, on the con-
trary, a curse. There seemed, however, to be a general wish
not then to enter upon the subject, and as it was said --
Mr. lii RN EY had received some late information upon the sub-
ject, he was called upon to speak. Ile said the Colonization
Society was organized in America in 1817, dud consisted al-
most exclusively of slave-holders. They had the complete con-
trol of all matters in the Society—their object was to remove all
free blacks from America, because they considered they conta-
minated the slaves. The negro population, however, met and
declared that they would not remove, and their reason was a
most amiable one—they would not remove because their breth-
ren were in slavery—(Cheers)—and they would not go until
they were enabled to set them free. In a meeting held
in Philadelphia in 1817, at which there were three thousand
negroes, they declared unequivocally their repugnance to the
scheme, and that repugnance had been gradually growing ever
since, so much so; that within the last twelve years no one
had gone from the free States. . All the emigration had been
from the slave States, and he knew nothing in the law of the
States to prevent the former master of one of the slaves sent
to Liberia from claiming him again as a slave whenever he
pleased. The reason urged in favour of the Society was, that
in the States it was impos4ble for the two races, the blacks and
the whites, to live in harmony together. During a period of
twenty years' actual colonization, they had exported about
5,000, bond and free. A great deal of cruel and relentless
legislation had been carried on against the free coloured popu-
lation. The State of Ohio, for instance, he believed, had
passed a great many sanguinary laws against them since the
institution of the Society. The Legislature of Ohio had passed
a law which prevented the free coloured man residing
within the limits of the State—from giving testimony before a
Court of Justice—so that those poor people had suffered the
deepest wrongs without redress.—( Hear, hear.) A coloured
man could not give testimony as to what was called a book
account. A white man might prove an account before the
proper tribunal, and was received as a good witness, but a
coloured man was prevented doing so. He could not even
bring forward the testimony of another coloured man if his
adversary was a white man, so that he was often cheated;
but of course the virtuous part of the community did not avail
themselves of that law, because they would not refuse payment
of a just account. His opinion was, that before the institu-
tion of the Colonization Society the condition of the free
coloured people in many parts of the country was improving,
and they were permitted, where schools were established, to
send their children to them ; but after the colonization was
' carried into effect, vast portions of the children of the coloured
people were excluded from those schools, although the coloured
people were taxed for the support of those schools as well as
the whites. It was sometimes said that portions of the tax
paid by the coloured people was set apart for them, and they
could have their schools if they pleased; but, in consequence
of the small number of the ooloured people, and their disper-
sion over the country, it was impossible to maintain a school
exclusively for them ; so that, in fact, the law
amounted to an actual inhibition entirely.—(Hear, hear.)
Another argument put forth in favour of colonization was, that
it would put an end to the slave-trade on the coast of Africa,
and would Christianize and civilize the people. He would
make one remark on the probability, or rather improbability, of
ever succeeding in Christianizing the heathen of Africa. He
believed the history of the civilized world would not show a
single instance in which Christian colonization, as it was called,
had been successful in Christianizing the heathen. He might
mention William Penn as the noblest specimen of a Christian
statesman.—( Hear, hear.) He doubted not the aborigines of
the State of Pennsylvania would have been a Christian people
if they had survived ; but they had been entirely exterminated,
and in fact, that kind of colonization could not be carried out.
The same result followed the Spanish colonization. Those who
went out.under Columbus were a Christian people ; and in the
time of Celuinbus Spain was not exceeded as a religious country.
They found the Island of Hispaniola with a million of inhabit-
ants. In fifteen years that one million was reduced to 14,000.
He thought colonization was not effectual for this reason,
namely, that those who went out to colonize naturally'adopted
the social organization to wLich they had been accustomed.
Ultimately they assumed superiority over the heathen, and the
latter feeling their inferiority and degradation, hated and
despised the former, and at length disaffection came among
them. As to the cessation of the African slave-trade, he
begged leave to make an observation. He had had a eonversr-
tion with Captain Richardson that morning, who told him the
slave trade was carried on in Liberia without any hindrance.
A DELEGATE wished to ask the Hon. Gentleman, before he
sat down, a question respecting the truth of a statement he had
heard as exhibiting the feeling of the people of colour in New
York. He had heard that the agent of a Company formed to
institute a cemetery or burying-place for coloured people
apart from the white, waited on a coloured gentleman,
for a contribution, but that gentleman declined giving one, and
said, " You have provided a large grave yard in Liberia and
thereforeAir.j itiat
Ni sEr hadunnecessary
n otb provideeteon aware one ethe here.",
anecdote itself, but
he had no doubt it well expressed the feelings of the coloured
people with regard to the climate of Liberia As to the pfrtois;
perity of
teort
were
return
tnucreonxl itself,ottrroeymthe ew ua n
United
dnbdse
thatltiaetveesd To
multitudesg rhe a
wt
fmtthhee
mow were
anxious
morta-
lity there, he might mention that an exp. &Coo s,
os
it was called,
was sent out from New Orleans, consisting of expedition, as
emi-
grants to that colony. A veryintelligent coloured man,
named Jure, who went out to explereithee country,i on his return
told him (Mr. Birney) that within six weeks after the vessel
sailed, 85 out of the 150 died. Frequent attempts had been
made to persuade the Board of Managers at Washington to ex-
hibit accurate medical returns, but that had not yet been done.
The colonization scheme in his country was the strongest
antagonist to the free principle advocated by the friends of the
negro ; and although it was ineffectual in carrying out the
object in view, yet it was not ineffective in its opposition to
the Anti-Slavery Society. The Hon. Gentleman concluded a
very able and interesting address, amidst great [applause, by
moving the following resolution :
" That this Convention regards the scheme of African coloni-
zation, proposed and urged by the American Colonization Society,
as not only totally inadequate to the overthrow of slavery in the
United States, but as tending powerfully to strengthen that on.
as deeply injurious to the best interests of the
negro race, riia,wtebler bond or free, both in America anti Africa,
