FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, APRIL 29.—A report is in circtilation,
that a courier from Germany brought on Satur-1
day the intelligence, that M. de Lutzow, the
Austrian Internuncio at Constantinople, arrived
at Vienna the 21st inst. It is also stated that
M. de Tatischeff quitted the latter city the 19th,
to return, to the Emperor of Austria.
General Woronzow, who commanded the Itus
sian.corps in France, during the occupation, went
to ►'aid in the night of the 23d inst. lie pro-
swag from Paris to Vienna, where he is to leave
his family, and then continue his route towards the
Pruth, to put himself at the head of an army.—
The suite of his Excellency consists of four car-
riages. The Paris Journals have indicated the
direction of M. de Woronzoff, sen. towards Lon-
don, and of M. de Woronzoff, jun. towards Pe-
t.ersburgh.
Letters from Strasburgh state, that M. List,
the Bavarian Deputy, condemned by the Crimi-
mal Court of Eslingen, on account of his opi-
Lions, had arrived in that city.
On the 24th two couriers from Paris passed
through Bordeaux on their way to Spain. The
next morning another express arrived from Paris
with dispatches to the superior authorities of
-Bordeaux.

FRENCH FUNDS.
April 29, Five per Cents. Opened at BB f. —c.
Highest
Clued at B7 f. 75 c.

AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, APRIL 24.—(Extract of a
private Letter.)—We learn by the post from
Vienna, this day, that the Austrian Cabinet had
received fresh dispatches from Constantinople,
of so important a nature that their contents were
instantly laid before the Emperor. Expresses
were immediately dispatched to Berlin, Paris,
and London ; and at the departure of the
couriers it was reported at Vienna that the nego-
ciation with the Porte was at an end, and that
war was decided.
PETERSBURG'S, APRIL I.—The Emperor and
'Empress, who have been for some time at Sarsk-
ojeselo, are to return here to-day. We expect,
after the return from Vienna of M. de Tatisclieff,
to have some information respecting the state of
affairs in the East.

All the Governments continue to send consi-
iderable sums for the relief of the Greeks who
have taken refuge in Russia. The Councillor
Warwatz has offered his necessitous fellow-coun-
trymen 500,000 roubles. Besides this sum,
900,000 roubles have been sent to the Minister
of Worship, the Prince Gallitzin. As soon as
this money arrived, it was remitted to the Go-
vernor-General of Cherson, the Count Langeron,
and to. the Commandant of Bessarabia, Lieut.-
General Imhoff, to be distributed.
Madame Krudener has received orders to quit
the capital.

AFFAIRS OF GREECE.
CORINTH, FEB. 7.—Our city has been de-
clared by a law, the residence of the Provisional
Government. The National Congress, which
commenced its labours at the end of last autumn,
assembled then at Argos, but pressed by the ne-
cessty of having more frequent communications
with all the points of Greece, and especially
with the Archipelago, it removed at the begin-
Ding. of January to Epidaurus, in the Gulf of
Saionica.

ft was in that town that the l'rovisional Con.
atitution of Greece was promulgated, on the 12th
of January. There were remarked in that or-
ganic law, amongst other things, two articles im-
. porting that the heaviest responsibility rested
upon every negociator who should enter into a
negociation which might in the least involve the
political independence of the nation. If the
Executive Council were to set on foot such a ne-
gociation it is by this alone set aside.
The Congress on the 27th of January published
the Act of Independence of the Nation, and of
the Installation of the Provisional Government,
as follows. :
" The Greek Nation take heaven and earth to witness. that, not-
withstanding the dreadful yoke of the Ottomans which threatened
its extinction, it still exists. Pressed by the measures, im-
pious as they were destructive, which these ferocious tyrants,
after having violated their capitulations, as well as every notion
,equity, rendered more and more oppressive, and which
tended to nothing less than the entire annihilation of the sub-
eject nation, it has found itself under the absolute necessity of
taking up arms for its own preservation. After having re-
pealed violence by the courage alone of its children, it now de.
dares before Gore and man, by the organ of its' legitimate
Representatives, assembled in this National Congress and con-
aeoked by the people, its political independence.
" Descendants of a nation distinguished by its intelligence
and mild civilization, at an epoch when that civilization circu-
lated with a vivifying profusion its benefits amongst the other
Gallons of Europe, and having unceasingly under its eyes the
epeatacle of the ha.npinees enjoyed by those nations under the
p.iotccting shield of the law, can the Greeks remain longer in
tide state, as dreadful as it is ignominious, and see with
apathy that happiness which they feel that nature has allot-
ted equally to all men ? Motives so powerful and so just can-
iaat, doubtless, but hasten the moment when the nation, full
of its recollections and of its indignation, ought to assemble
Pat forces to recover its rights, and avenge the country.
against a tyranny, the horror of which nothing can equal.
Such are the causes of 'the war whichave have been com-
pell_ ed to undertake against the Tur'as. •Far from being founded
upon principles of demagogy or rebellion—faiefrom having for
its motives the private interests of a few individuals, this war is
a miaow.' and sacred war ; it has only for its object the resto-
ration of the nation, and its reinstatement in the rights of" pro-
perty, houour, and life—rights which are possessed by the
natinne our neighbours, but which were wrested from the
Greeks by a spoliating Power.
"-Publie clamours, little worthy of men born free and ele-
vated in the bosom of Christian and civilized Europe, directed
against our cause, have reached us. But what, are the Greeks
man, of all Europeans, to be excluded, as unworthy of those
rights which GOD has established for all men ? Are they con-
demned by their nature to an eternal slavery, perpetuating
amongst them spoliations, violations, and massacres ? Can
the brutal farce of some barbarous hordes, who, without pro-
vocation, preceded by carnage, and followed by the spirit of
destruction, came and established themselves amongst us, he
ever legalized by. the law of nations of Europe ? The Greeks,
without ever haying recognised it, have not ceased to repel it
by arms every time that any hope or favourable circumstances
presented themselves.
" Acting upon these principles, and certain of our rights, we
neither wish nor claim any thing but our re-establishment in
e the European Association, where. our religion, our manners,
and our situation? summon us to unite ourselves to the great
• family of Christians, and to resume among nations the rank
. which an usurping force has unjustly wrested from us. It is
, with this intention, as pure as sincere, that we have undertaken
this war,, or rather that we have concentrated the partial wars
which Ttlussulman tyranny has caused to break out in different
• Provinces, and in our islands ; and we march by common ac-
cord to our deliverance, with the firm determination to obtain
it, Cr to bury for ever our misfortunes under a great ruin
worthy of our origin, .which, in these misfortunes, cannot but
weigh heavier upon our hearts.
Ten months have already elapsed since we commenced the
career of our national war. The Almighty has not refused to
us his favour ; although little prepared for the unequal con-
Awn, our arms have been crowned with success. On more than
‘,,,ane point, however,they have also met with a serious,resistance.

Occupied, without ceasing, in removing the difficulties which
surrounded us, we have been compelled to defer the accom-
plishment of our political organization, which was to display
before the world the independence of the nation. Certainly,
before securing our physical existence, we could not, nor
ought we, to undertake that of our political state. Such were
the causes of the involuntary delay, and which hindered us
from preventing some disorders that have taken place.
" These difficulties- being for the greater part removed, we
have applied ourselves with ardour to complete our political
work. Pressed by physical, and moral localities, the force of
which nothing could resist, we established local governments,
such as those of Etolia, Livadia, the Peloponnesus, the Isles,
&c. As, however, the functions of these governments embraced
nothingbut the internal administration of therespective place' e, the
Provinces and the Islands havedeputed Representatives, charged
with the formation of a Provincial, but Supreme Government,
to the sovereignty of which the local Juntas were to be sub-
jected. These Deputies, assembled in this national Congress,
after long and mature deliberation have now established this
Government, and proclaim it in the face of. the nation, as the
only legitimate Government of Greece, not only because it is
founded in justice and the laws of God and nature, but because
it reposes upon the will and choice of the nation. This Govern-
ment is composed of an Executive Council and a Legislative
Senate; the judicial power is independent.
" The Deputies, in conclusion, declare to the whole Greek
nation, that their task being accomplished the Congress is now
dissolved. The duty of the people is henceforth to obey the
laws, and to respect the executors of those laws. Greeks,
you wished to shake off the yoke which pressed upon you, and
your tyrants disappear every day from the midst of you. But
it is only concord and obedience to the Government that can
consolidate your independence. Nlay God in his wisdom deign
to enlighten the Governors and the governed, that they may
know their true interests, and that they may co-operate with
one common accord for the prosperity of the country.
" Given at Epidaurus, the 15th (27th) Jan. 1822, the first
year of independence.
(Signed) "ALEXANDER MAUROCORDATO,
" President of the Congress.'-'
[ Here follow the signatures of 67 Members of the Congress.]
The Executive c ouncil, on entering upon its functions, ad-
dressed to the Nation the following Declaration :
" The National Congress to which you have confided the po-
litical organization of the nation has deposited in our hands the
executive power. In accepting it, we take upon ourselves the
solemn engagement to spare no possible effort to render our-
selves worthy of the confidence reposed in us.
" The task which we impose upon ourselves as one of the
most important, is to.direct for the most part cur first cares to
the execution of thelaws, and especially those which relate to
the security, the honour,' and the property, of the inhabitants of
Greece. In-submittin4yourseives to these laws you will ren-
der yourselves worthy of the independence for which you have
taken up arms, and for which, after the great number of sacri-
fices which you have made, and which have cost you so dear,
you are still ready to make all those that circumstances may
render necessary.
" The Executive Council recognises, as its first duty, to love
and protect all citizens as its children. It exacts from them,
by a just reciprocity, the respect and attachment due to a Su-
preme Government, and obedience to established authorities.
" The Council has appointed as Ministers' men 'Capable of
conducting and of executing the:projects which it is about to de-
cree for the general good.. These Ministers, whom the Go-
vernment has chosen as its organs, are animated by the most
ardent zeal, and they will use all the means which can render
the Government dearer to the nation. _ .

" Oiven at Epidaurus, the I6th (28th) January, 1822, the
first year of independence.
"ALEXANDER MAUROCORDATO, President.
" THEODORE NEGRIS, c hief Secretary."

_ .
The Government, after having issued at Epidaurus some
other acts of the first necessity, has established itself at Co-
rinth, the importance of the situation of which has caused it to
be declared its residence. Besides the natural fortifications of
the place, this city is the key, and in some respects the centre,
of Greece. It commands the two seas which bathe its walls,
and by which it can very frequently communicate both with
the Islands, and with all parts of the Continent.
BERLIN, APRIL 23.—Voss's Berlin Gazelle
affirms that Genervl 'fatischeff has sent a new
modified Ultimatum to the Iteis Effendi.

ST. PrrmisuußGH, Ariur, 10.--The Conser-
vatcur of yesterday gives, in a Supplement, se-
veral Documents relating to the Tariff, to which
it subjoins an article containing remarks on the
motives which have induced the Russian Govern-
ment to alter the commercial regulations esta-
blished in ISI9 and 1820.

•
The Russian Government, It says, bad made
in 1818 a Treaty with the Court of Berlin, in
which it did every thing to put in practice the
principles of freedom of commerce which the
act of the Vienna Congress had laid down.—
The Russian Government was very sensible that
these principles might be as beneficial in 'prac-
tice as they appear just in theory ; but it con-
siders it to be certain that they roust be adopted
by all nations, if-. they' are to produce any good
a effects, and that State which acts upon them
while others reject them, voluntarily condemns
its industry and commerce to pay a ruinous tri-
bute to those of other countries, though in 1815
it seemed to b.e generally felt that freedom of
'commerce was necessary to repair the injuries
caused by .the yoke under which Europe had
groaned for 10 years. Almost all the Govern-
ments resolved to, introduce free commerce, bitt
experience and more accurate calculations soon
made them determine. not to renounce the pro-
hibitory system. England, Austria, and France
thought it necessary to continue this protection
to their manufactures and trade, and Prussia has
found it necessary to follow the example of the
rest of •Europe, and this makes it the duty of
Russia to return to laws, the necessity of which
appears to be acknowledged by all nations.
COPENHAGEN; APRIL N.—Several ships have been totally
lost on our coasts. Sometime ego the Journal the Dogen, and
also the State Gazette, inserted an article on certain reports in
Circulation her; in which article there was the word Magesiciffe,
which signifies exchange of territories. Several German Jour-
nals copied this article, and translated the above word by nego-
ciations of marriage. From these it passed into English papers,
which did not fail to make various• comments upon it. NVe
may imagine how these roust turn out when we think on the
above misunderstanding. Some German Journals translated
the Danish word by cession, which is nearer to the sense, though
not quite correct.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON, APRIL 23 AND 28.-36 si-
-3tl
PETERSBURGH, APRIL 9.—Exchange on London, 91.
HANOVER, APRIL 9.3.—This being the day on
which his Majesty's birth-day is kept, has been
observed with every 'demonstration-of joy. his
Royal liighnesS•• the Governor General was
pleased to receive at his Palace the congratula-
tions of a numerous and brilliant Court. This
evening there will be-an assembly, ball; and sup-
per at Herrenhausen. The puke and Duchessof
Cambridge took up their residence at the Sum-
mer palace, Monbrillnnt, last Saturday.
By a Royal rescript of the 25th ult. the use of
torture,- which,is prescribed by the penal code
of the Emperor Charter V. in cases where the
proofs are deficient, is formally abolished, though
it has not been practised in this kingdom for
many years. The proof by circumstantial evi-
dence is now 'allowed, but the sufficiency must
be recognized by at least- two-thirds of, the
Judges. Unless the accused is considered to
be convicted on sufficient evidence,, but per-
sists in denying, he cannot be sentenced to death,
hard labour for life, or loss of honour. In such
cases, 20 years hard labour, or public work for
.10 or 12 years, are substituted ; and for loss of
benour; a proportional penalty by labour or im-.
prisonme-nt.
