NEW-YORK, Mama/ 9.

A Spanish squadron, of five frigates, a brig,
and one schooner, sailed from Ilavanna on the 19th ult. under
tivemmand of Commodore lianoßDE. It is staikthat the
squ on after convoying sgrbiaticrehant vessels through, the
Gulf, would proceed to St. Jag°, to land the Archbishop of
Cuba, and some troops, and thence proceed on a cruize along
the coast of Colombia and Mexico.

NEW YORROIARCII 2.—We are authorized to state, from
an authentic source, under date of 26th rebruary, from Wash-
ington, that the President has had under consideration the ex-
pediency of adapting our naval force to the state of war which.
exists in South America, between BraZil and La Plata. As
soon as the public service will admit of it. we shall be fepre-
sented there by a force, competent, it is hoped, to cause due
respect to be paid to our flag.
:1! nett 3.—A plan has been recently adopted at Norfolk, in
Virginia, tbr the relief of the venerable JeKrson, which we
think ought to be adopted in every other part of that country
that is so much indebted to his early and long continued ser.;
vices in the cause of independence. A subscription has been
opened in the banks, and other public places of that city, by
which every individual, so choosing, may set down his name
for such a sum us seems most convenient to him, but in no in-
stance to exceed five dollars( National Intelligeneer.)
The Nationalintelligencer of Wednesday last contains the
documents touching the boundary between the United States and
Great Britain on the north,w est coast,w bleb furnish uninteresting
history of the question between the twoGovernmentt4 Thegrounds
of the claim ofeach Government are, says theintelligeneer, clearly
stated. The result of the whole is, that the question yet re-
mains open, with very little appearance of approximation to at
settlement. It is very important that the question should be settled
before the coast is ; it being very easy to perceive that time
will meltiply, instead of removing, the impediment to .an ad-
justment of the difference. between the two governments.—
Arele York Gazette.)
The United States' (Philadelphia) Gazette has the following
paragraph on the subject of the amendments to the Constitu.
non, now before Congress:—" In Congress, the question of
altering the Constitution, to affect the election of President and
Vice-President of the United States, continues to be agbat, d.
We find it totally impossible, us we believe it would be quite
Unprofitable to attempt publishing the various resolutions auil
arguinents that have wasted the time of the two Houses, upon
this subject, the present session, without any Vobability of
reaching the object-proposed by the movers."

[Pram The Baltimore Chronicled
Extract of a letter, dated Washington, Feb. 23 :—" The Pa.
nama Question, which excites so much interest here, no doubt
is looked upon with. some anxiety by the people of Baltimore.
The Senate has been sitting fin. several days with closed (loers'
upon Executive business; which is pretty well understood to he
the Panama Mission. You have been apprised that a very able
report has been made against this Mission. This report is said-
to have been written by •Alr. Tazewell, of Virginia, although
Mr. Macon was the Chairman of the Committee, he is under-
stood to have been merely pro forma Chairman. The _Senate
have been discussing preliminary matters heretofore, but are
understood to have gotten through all these to-day, and to-mar-
row speak to the main questions"
(From The Ncn' York Daily -Advertiser,' March ti.)
By a short sketch of a speech, said to have been delivered by
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, in the Senate of the United States,
upon a motion to call for information on the Panama ques-
tion, we think that a parG at least, of the opposition to the
appointment of Ministers to that Congress may be account-
ed for. The Honourable Gentleman above mentioned is
obviously afraid that the principles of the Southern Repub-
lics respecting slavery will prove to be contagious, and
that the spirit of Emancipation will .eventually find its way
into the United States.- We infer this from the remarks which
he is stated in the Alexandria Plurals to haVe made. 'lf that
apprehension exists extensively among the politicians of the
slave states, we can easily account for the pertinacity with which
the measure is opposed. The idea that the time may first or
last arrive, when the tbul blot in our national character will be
wiped away, and the United States contain nothing but freemen
among their inhabitants, appears to be the most dreaded of all
events that are expected to be disclosed by the lapse of time.
. Calling human beings property, We are well satisfied that Slave
holders value slaves in a much higher degree than they do any
other property they possesss
The. Qmgress at Panama are probably in session. Great
Britain and other European Powers have their Agents there,
• uninvited, to watch over their interests and advance their an.
rangementa. Our country, alone, of all the world, the United
States nos invited to send Representatives to that most im-
part:lnt assembly. The invitation was accepted by the Execu-
tive Government. Delegates were appointed : immediately on
the assembling of Congress, their names were submitted to the
Senate, and now—at the end of three months, with the know-
ledge that the whole country are. in favour of the measure—the
Senate have not parsed upon the nominations—sow delegate,
remain at home--our.intertsts are sacrificed. We slight the
invitation. given., ;and hazard the good opinion of sill the Inde-
pendent Governments of America, that 3 few men may wreak
their vengeance on on individual, or manifest their hostility to
time asiministration of:their country.— (Dsmocrufie Press.)
• BosTox, illAncn 1828,—(Extract of a Letter from
Washington.)—." It is unpleasant to see Mr. • Calhoun,
who received such handsome support Vice-President
from time friends of. Mr. Adams, and without which sup-
port he would not have been elected, abusing the Admi-
nistration. Such, however, is the fact. •A. very tho-
roughly organized opposition has been projected t the Gazette
bought up and changed into the Telegraph to be the organ ;
.and no efibrt is sparing to bring the Administration intsdisre-
plate.
,The first movement has been to resist
,the Panama
Mission. I _remain well assured that after the opposition In
the Senate has exhausted all the arts of parliamentary tactics to
defeat that,mensure, it, will pass, I speak frOmn the best in-'
formation Consistent with the confidential nature of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. The Administration is strong and firm,
as much so as any. Achninistsation ought to be in a popular
Governmelits 111 x. nay has recovered his health entirely:"
We learn from Washington, that it has been deterinmed
upon by the executive
.to recommend to Congress- the policy of
sending a special mission to France for the purpose of enforcing
on that Government the necessity of a liqtfidation of the
_claims
.of our citizens. We have no doubt that Congress will concur
in opinion_ With the Executive, and, in this event, there will be
a reasonable,. prospect of evtaitual indemnification. —( sYea,
York Gazette. )
The annunciation of the death of.the Hon. John Gaillard,
the oldest Member for several years Fait of the Senate of the
united States, has caused a cessation, for a clay or two; of the
labours of 'Congress. Such cessation is the courtesy usually
shown, to the memory of any member of either House de-
parting this lite whilst engaged. in public service.--(Natural
Intelligence?' of Feb. 28.)
. We are informed that'a Treaty has been concluded at Wash-
ington between our government and that of Central. America,
and signed on the part of the latter, by Mr. Callas, the 3liniater
from that Republic. The Treaty is stated to be formed upon
by both Governments.—( Nese York, ,V.'re,intile.Advertiser.)
the most liberal principles, and will without. doubt be ratified
PEtio.-14ima Papers have reached this city to the-'3d of
December. The birthday .of Bolivar was celebrated on the
28th of October with great pomp.. At cacti corner of the
square was raised an arch of flowers, inscribed witb.twoSPanish
verses, beginning with a reference to " Anglo-Ainericans7 and
‘Vashingtorm., Some spirited toasts were drank at an entertain-
ment which succeeded. The enemy Were 'still in Callao. On
the 28th they, fired 428 cannon shots, 28 shells, and 17 grenades.
The Government of Chile have directed an investigation as to
time causes of the late disturbances in that republic. Perfect
tranquillity had been restored...- s.
• Al Exrco.—Ativices from Mexico are to the 29th January,
and from Alvarado to the oth ultimo. The Mexican- Senate
appears to be taking, measures, in which it is believed the
Howie of Representatives will concur, to co-operate with the
Colombians against the Cubeans. There are several indications,
however, of jealousy between the Mexicans anti Colombians,
its respect to the lead the latter have taken in the Congress of
Panama. .

togetl~t•r in
I male and female.
.
sdtrrieneitt,inagnd otherwise
Late intelligence from Hayti represents every thing very
tranquil. There were 17 Kill of .French ships ix the harbour
of Port-au-Prince. A public dinner had been lately given to
the Consul of France, and other Frenchmen. The latter were
ai:vrhanylt lsi
along
o natives,ntigi
b theo
COLOMBIA.—Bogota Papers to the 311th of January: have
reached Baltimore via Santa Martha, which, however, do not
f; ilaelti easrli shops,
oifrizesil Ilig)."%.valisniwcai waltzing
varietyanme tlIon:.
contain any thing of moment. Irolivar was still at Potosi. It
was believed that he would not take any part in the differences
between iluenol Ayres and Brazil.

Foreign Affairs mentions, in
-..
The Colombian-Secretary for
his official 'report 01 January last, that the establishment of a
common system of weights, measures, and coins, for the New
American States, is one of the objects of t:ie Congress of
Panama.
A passenger lately arrived from Carthagena, informs us that
the Colombian navy has experienced a considerable augmenta-
tion. When he left there, theyort was crowded with 'tunic.'

The arrival of the packet-ship Leeds at Liver-
pool, on Monday, has furnislu a buudant trans-
atlantic intelligence. Papers were received last
night at the North and South .zhnerican Subserip.
lion Room—from New York to the 10th March,
'Philadelphia,to the 9th, Boston to the Sth,
Bttl-
thnore to the 7th, Richmond to the sth, Norfolk
to the 4th of the same month—from Mobile
26th, and Charleston to the, 2Sth of February.
and New Orleans to the 1 1 th, Savanna to the
The question of seilding Deputies to Panama was•
still undecided, and 'considerable anxiety had
been excited in the public mind at Washington,
as to %theater the public would be permitted
to be present during the .discussion in the House
of Representatives. By some members it had been
suggested, that the doors should be closed while
the subject was under:debate, but many on the
Contrary, were for admitting their fellow Citizens
to is it ness the proceedings ou this qaeition, which
appears indeed to excite an extraordinary senst"•
tion in the United States.

On the subject of the boundary line between
the territory of Great Britain And the United
States on the Pacific Ocean, it appears, that. the
rregociation is again suspended. ft is stated iu
a Philadelphia '.raper, that the Spanish and Russian
Claims hav ten amicably settled, but that tire
claims ortFe United States to territory on 111,--
North West Coast, is resisted by Great Britain.
The claim of Russian sovereignty is fixed "t
the latitude of 54 deg. 40 min. north ; anti
that of Mexico, as derived from Spain, at 42
degrees north—thus all the' coast comprehendet!
between the Russian and Mexican territory, is
claimed by.the United States, The sovereignty
of the country through which the River Co,
loMbia passes, is the great .object of contention.
Great Britain is said to found her claim on the
discoveries of Damcc and. COOKS. The United
States maintain that Captain GA RY, an American
Citizen, first entered the. Colombia,. and gave lt
that. name, while. CLARKE Mid LciVrs penetrated.
to the same point overland,
watersßy tiliriedCisopnu:eenwtiot,riet off
rl
tBhleB spacethe country
ten years,
na i 1
r!s(,.
to 'he free and open to the vessels both of the.
United States and Great Britain. After much.
inconclusive negotiation it was proposed on
the part of the United States, to extend that
Period for 10 years longer, limiting the British
settlements within 51 and 55 degrees of nnslll
