NEWRY ELECTION.

The folloyving Members were chosen to try the
merits of the Ne‘iiry Eletaion Petition :

CeO. H. G. Cavendish, Esq. (aim Dent, Esq.
Honourable Montgomery (... Godfrey Wentworth, Esq.
I. Ste Wart, Right Hon. Thomas Steele.
(ohn Leach, Esq. Christ. Codrington, Esq.
john Smith, Esq. Sir Win. Curtis, Bart. .
Right Hon. W. Dundas, Right Hon. Chas. Bathinst,
Lord W. Fitzroy, ' Lord C. H. Somerset.
Nominees—Lord Temple and R. M. tidduiph.

The Glasgow Committee was 'also bailotted for,
but the List had been gkien in before strangers were
admitted to the Gallery.

SLAVERY IN THE COLONIES.

Lord PERCY .roe., in pursuance of notice, to
move for leave to bring in a Bill for the Abolition
of Slavery in the West India Colonies.; The ge-
neral scope of the Noble Lord's spec eh was, that
it was desirable to put an end to the barbarities ex-
isting in the West Indies, at the recollection of,
which it, was impossible not to shudder. We Ought
to endeavour, ,as soon as possible, to rescue the
Negroes from the condition of brutq, and raise
them to the level of human creatures. The argu-
ments that were gpod against the Trade were also
good against Slavery itself. He thought, herefore,
that a time ought to be fixed when Slavery should
cease, as a mode by which this desirable end
'might be accomplished. He concluded by moving
for leave to bring in a Bill for the .above pur-
pose. The IoW tone of voice in which he spoke
prevented us from colle&ing what he said more
particularly:
Lord HENRY PETTY said, that notwithstand-
ing his respe& for his Noble Frieud's motives and
his participation in his feelings, he trusted the House
would not be surprised if he rose to deprecate all
discussion on this subject, because be bad before
deClared, that he considered the Abolition of the
Trade and the Emancipation of the Slaves as entirely
distinct quest ions.--,The •diseussion of the question
of Emiancipation at this time might deprive us of
the advantages of the Abolition of the Track., and in
this sentiment lie had the concurrence of Most of
the eminent charaaers with whom he had convers-
ed on the subjea. All was done that could be done.'
-The Emancipation would be a most serious injury to
the Planters, and would not be attended with any
benefit to the Negroes themselves. The Emanci-
pation must be gradual and arise out of the natu--
ral course of things, which was the only safe way
in which such great revolutions could be &fleeted.
He concluded by moving the previous question.
Mr. EDEN concurred in opinion with the Noble
Lord who spoke last, and, said that it was utterly
impossible that the Country could atiord compen-
sation to the Planters for the loss of their slaves,
supposing there were no other objections to
.the
measure. •

Sir CHARLES POLE was glad the present
J,
motion had been made, a he was persuaded that
many persons in opposing the Trade had this in con-
templation. The cloven foot now appeared,•and he
hoped that it 'would open the eyes of all to the
views of the abolitionist's.

IVY% THLBERFQRCE also was glad that the
motion hadjbeen made; as it would spew the dis-
tinction which the supporters of the Abolition of the
Trade made between the two questions. It would
appear not only that they did not intend to bring
forward any proposiGon tor Emancipation lioder the
present circumstances, but that they would opnosc
such a proposition when brongt tOrward. They
made a clear. distinction between
,the: questions.
Their opponents confounded them. and whatever
mischiefs might arise from ;his confusion, must be
ascribed to their opponents and no( to them. ne
and others certainfy, looked to • the 3altimate EtnaPck

eation of the SlaVes, but he deprecated all discussion
'of the qu'eStion at present.
Mr. W:e. HEABERT deprecated the discussion of
.._subject, as the only hope that remained of pre•
venting the mischiefs to be, apprehended from the
Abolitite of the Trade consisted in abstaining from
any discussion about Emancipation.
Mr. SHERIDAN, notwithstanding that discus-
sion Was deprecated,' could not sit silent on the pre-
sent occasion. The strongest motive which he had
for wishing the Abolition-of the Trade, was a hope
that it would lead to the abolition of slavery itself.-,-
The: object of the Noble Earl had not, he appre-
lended, been perfeCtly understood. That object
was not to abolish slavery immediately; but to di-
reat the attention of the House to the steps to be ta-
ken for the future abolition of slavery. The time
and the manner of course would be to be considered.
The Planters had a right to fair dealing. Whoever
thought- that the Legislature had completely done
its duty, that we ought to stop here, and leave the
rest to circumstances, it Was proper that they should
declare their 'opinions', But if there were any who
felt a secret conviEtion that the Legislature must in
due time do something thrther, it was their duty to
state that conviction openly. He, for one, had a
hope that at some distant period this young Nobleman
would be no less successful in abolishing slavery
than his Honourable Friend (Mr. Wilberforce) had
been in abolishing the trade. He pleaded guilty to
the cloyed foot---,•though the better words would
have been, 3 feather -from the pinion of an angel
than the' cloven foot of a devil. But it was impossi-
ble to go farther at present than the abolition of that
trade; though whoever was anxious 'for the abolition
of the trade, must be anxious for the emancipation
of the slaves. But the second object could not as yet
be ,attained without the violation of West Indian
property. He did not like to hear this word proper-
ty applied to these men. The principles ,of the
Constitution were undoubtedly adverse to this spe-•
cies of property; and he hoped the Planters them-
selves would do what was necessaty to put an end
to it. But he cautioned the House against being
too sanguine that the abolition of the trade would
prepare the way for emancipation. If the Planters
were resident in the West Indies, he would hope
much; but the agents there might still endeavour
rather to brutalize the Negroes than enlighten them.:
He doubted whether they would wish to open their
minds,' Or inculcate the precepts of Christianity,
which taught us to do to others as we would wish
others to do to us, Slavery, therefore, might be-
come even more terrible than it was before, unless
the vigilance of the Legislature was still exercised for
the 2purpose of inducing the Planters to fit their
Negroes for the reception of freedom. The state of
the Greek and Roman Slaves had been alluded to. But
thecondition of theseslaves was farditl'erent from that
of the Negroes. The West India slavery was the on-
ly one founded on avarice alone. Even the Helots
were comparatively free. The slaves in every other
instance were often warriors, statesmen, secretary,
and instructors of children. Terence was. a slave
---Sepeca was a slave. So much for the Honourable
Gentleman (Mr. Hibbert) who had, introduced a
quotation from Gibbon, who never omitted an op-
portunity to praise the Pagan Institutions. There
was, however, no' chance of emancipating the West
India Slaves at present. There could be no expec-
tation of emancipating them. in a mass, and we were
only to look at St. Domingo to be convinced of this:
but at the same time he deprecated the conclusion
that was too generally admitted, that the Slaves at
present were, utterly unfit for freedom. Here he .
read some • passages from a Pamphlet, stating the
method adopted Mr. David Barclay and his bror
ther, a Quaker, with respe6t to his Negroes. This
man resolved not to be the master of Slaves; and
because' he' could not well emancipate his Negroes
on his estate of Penn, in Jamaica, lest it might in-
jure
the neighbouring estates, took the resolution of
carrying them to Pennsylvania, and accordingly the
whole were conveyed there, man, woman, and
child. There a Society existed for the abolishing
of Slavery and the. Slave Trade. The Slaves were
liberated and sent to difirent employments ; and
the result was, that with two or three exceptions,
they became models of industry and propriety of
behaviour among the lower class of free subjects.
Here then -was an example of what might be done.
This was no romance. Mr. Barclay was still alive,
residing at.. Walthamstow, near this city... He was
upwards of 80-years of age; and yet lately sat up the
.10101 e night to learn by express what Would be the
decision of this House on the subje& of the Slave
Trade..--He concluded by reading the motto to the
Pamphlet, which was from Cowper's Poems, be-
ginning with " I would not have a slave to till my
ground, to watch me while asleep, or tan me while
awake."

Mr. PETER MOORE strongly recommended
a .•rOper system of management for the. Slaves—forha'd management would be the great difficulty
the way of emancipation. But to emancipate the
Slaves at present would be only driving the whole
to destruCtion. They ought to be prepared for
freedonl, and this ought to be a constant objea of
attention but he deprecated the discussion of that
question -now.
After a few words from Mr. 'WILBERFORCE, Lora
HENRY 'PETTY, and Mr. MANNING,
Sir CHARLES POLE rose and observed, that it was
improper to discuss a question 'so important with
only about 30 Meinbers in the House ; he therefore
moved that the House be counted.

The House was accordingly counted"; and there
being only thirty-five Members present, it was of
course adjourned.

FROM THE FRENCH. PdPERS,

PARIS, MARcu 6.

SIXTY-SECOND BULLETIN OF THE GRAND ARMY.

LIEBiTADT, FEB. 21.--" The tight of the Grand
Army,has been as viaorious as the centre and the
left. General EssEN, at .the head of 25,000 men,
-advanced to Ostrolenka, on the 15th, along both
'banks of the Narew. Arrived. at t!ke village of
Plecies-Lawowa, he met the advanced guard of Ge-
neral SAvARY, commanding the sth Corps.
The I Gth, at day-break, General GAZAN ad-
vanced with a part of his division of the van-guard.
At nine in the morning he met the enemy upon the
road of Newogrod, attacked, defeated,.atid put him
to ,the rout. The enemy attacked Ostroicuka by
the left
.babk. General CAmr.INA, with a brigade

of the division of GA:z,u4, and General RUFFIN, with
a bri,ade of the divis:on of General OUDINOT, de-
fended this small city. General SAVARY sent thither
the General of Division, REILLE, Chief of the Staff
of the Corp of the Army. The Russian Infantry,
in several columns, attempted to carry the city : they
were permitted to advance half into the streets : they
were charged; thrice broken, and left the streets'
covered with dead.—The loss of the enemy was so
great, that they abandoned the city, and took a po-
sition behind the sand hills that cover it.

" The divisions of Generals SucfrET and Oupt
NOT advanced : at twelve o'clock the heads of
their columns arrived at Ostrolenka. General SA.•
vAitY drew up his little Army in the following
manner :

General OCDINOT, in two lines, commanded
the left; General SUCHET the centre; and General
REILLP., commanding a brigade of the division of
GAZAN, formed the right. He covered himself
with his artillery, •and marched to meet the enemy.,
The intrepid General- OUDINOT placed himself at
the head-of the cavalry, charged with success, and
cut to pieces the Cossacks of the rear-guard-of the
enemy. The fire was very brisk, the enemy gave
ground, and was driven, fighting, three leagues.
" The next day the enemy were pursued several
leagues, but without having been able to know that
their cavalry had be in ting and retreating the
whole night.

" General SUWARROW, and several other of the
enemy's Officers have been killed. The enemy left
behind a great number of wounded, 1200 of them
have been picked up, and they are picking up more
'every instant. Seven pieces of cannon, and two
standards, are the trophies of this vialory. The
enemy lett 1300 dead bodies upon the field of battle.
On our side we had 60 killed, and between 4 and
500 wounded : but a loss that has been deeply felt
is, 'that of the General of Brigade CAMPANA, who
was an Officer of great merit, and of great expeeta-
lion : he was born in the department of—Marengo.
The Emperor has been much grieved for his loss.
The 1.03 d regiment distinguished itself particularly-
in this affair. Among the wounded are Colonel Da
HAMEL, of tho 21st light infantry, and the Colonel
of drollery NEURIT.

" The Emperor had ordered the sth corps to stop
and take winter-quarters. The thaw is frightful.
The season does not permit the doing any thing
great. zt is that of repose. The Enemy has been
the first to break up his quarters: He repents of it."
PARIS., MARCH 7.—The departure of the Con-,
scripts of 1807 may be considered as finished.
There, remains only a small number, of youths to
set out,, detained at hoine by indisposition. Thus,
in the space of one month, all the Conscripts of
1807, called to the a6tive army, Wye set out to join
their standards.

. PARIS, MARCH the 2d, the Mausolees
of STANISLAUS the First, King of 'Poland, and his.
Queen, were transferred from Nancy to. the Church.
of Ben zeeours.

The Ax us, observing von the operations of the
Grand Army, says," The last vidories of the
Grand Army have secured the advantage of its nai.
litary positions, completeci, the successes of this pro,
digious campaign, and prepared those of the next,
should the blindness of the Russian. Cabinet lead it
to persist in a war prejudicial to its true interests.
" The French army, by reaching the banks of the
Vistula, after having conquered Westphalia, Hesse,,
Prussia, Saxony, Silesia, and Prussian Poland, szr...,
passed the expectations even of those who had hoped
the most from its courage. Such labours, would
form the whole history of a Great Commander, and
they are, however, only two, months of the life of
NAPOLEON. At this stage, the inclemency of the
season, the difficulty of the marches, the sdarciti, of.
subsistence, and the advantage of the positions, pre;-
scribed a suspension of operations : the French army
seemed to have no more to do but to consummate.
the conquest of Silesia and Prussian Poland, to clear•
the left bank of the Vistula, and establish fortified
posts upon the right, to be able to assume the of.
fensive as soon as it could be convenient.

" This also appeared to be the aim of the Ernp,
ror. Some Prussian Officers, thoroughly informal
of the • situation of their country with regard to,
able to. attack the Russians,
i
Russia, since the dismemberment of Poland, had
interseel.
seen t:
to
pas
thather,
armies,
111 :Is.osilg a difficult
a abd
eoy an ill-defended frontier,
t country, ed,
wild, and impratticable for six months in the year.;
whereas, at the first signal, ,ra Rutlsian army might,
in a few days tnarch, take possession, almost with,
Provinces, as far aosftlalen
out firing a shot, cyjiensituiPusar.,sliabisanddisandevratPltoalgiselx.
OW position has no doubt often influenced the de-
cision
of the Cabinet of Berlin in the-part it was to
take between France and Russia. It has been in
agitation to draw a defensive line from Warsaw as
far as Konigsburgh ; but this measure would have
suddenly raised a dangerous war. It is very singular
that this plan should have been partly realized by the
last operations of the Grand Army,
" The first care of the Emperor, upon arriving ork
the Vistula, was to fortify himself there. The •
Russian Generals felt the importance of his position,-
and wished to dislodge him ; the successes of the
battles of Pultusk and Golymin rendered this bar-
rier inexpugnable, and it became the centre of the
successive operations. It was a point from whence
the Emperor directed the whole army, and a posi-
tion equally important to observe the march of the
Russian and Ottoman armies, which were advancing
towards the theatre of %var.

" In this dangerous situation for them, the Rus-
• sian Generals iittempted a difficult diversion. Whilst
they were really upon the defensive, before an army
ever via° ions, despairing of being able to defend
themselves in front, they determined to attack the
Fren(h /truly upon its flanks, to stretch beyond it
by the • lower Vistula, and 'thus disengage pantzic
Grandentz,- and the whole country, which could •
nut arild being soon occupied by the French Army.
,Thus ev.-n the despair of being able to defend them-
selves, h.sp.red them with the audacity of attack-
ing ; and the ill success of this attack, was a com-
plete defeat. But a feeble division of the French
'anti), sufficed at first to stop the unexpected march
of the Russians ; and being soon led on by the Em-
peror in person, it beat the enemy, and carried its
conquests sixty leagues farther than his Majesty had.
thought of advancing before the spring. -
.cf-The attack of the Rtv.sians, thevefore, :Com-
pletely miscarried., To stop,. was to deft them.
'f.he deliverance of Dantzie and Polish Pr .issia v.ns

Its Obje6t ; their entire conquest is (lie iinme•
diate effect of this expedition, and the FrenCh army
has acquired titer positions from it. No victory
then could have been attended with more advan-
tageous results."

NAPLES, YEE. t B.—The following is an extra& of
a letter, dated Monte Luone, the 7th instant : "We
have received this day certain intelligence that there
has been lately at Messina .a sanguinary battie be-
tween the English and the Brigands. Thirty-five
English have been killed,' and the Brigands have
lost more than 100. The vanguard of these latter,
divided into ,two columns, took refuge, in part, in
the fort of Phare, while the other part passed the
Streight, and debarked near Reggio. The English.
on that day opened the prisons to the unfortunate
persons who have been expiating in irons the suspi-
cion of being partisans of the French. Behold, thus
the English are at war against the Brigands; and
their coalition is dissolved.—Moniteur.

Muiczcit, FEB. 24.—The -Russians have attempt-
ed to mount on horseback all the nobility of Lithu-
Volhenia, and Ukraine, but they have resist-
ed with all their force. The Government has
threatened to sequester the property of the nobility,
which has caused great discontent in the whole coun=
try.
BORDERS OF TER MAINE, FEB. 28.—We read in
the Gazette of Breslau, that the Prince ofANHALT-
PLEss, who 'was thought to be shut np in Glatz,
is s't off for Brannan, in Bohemia, with a single
servant.

At/GssIMGH, FEE. 25.-•--The last advices from Vi-
enna awntion, that- M. REINHARD, late French
Consul at Jassy, 'and his family, who had been sent
into Russia by General , MioxELsort,, were met at
Pultnwa, 200 leagues from Jassy, by a Courier who
brought the order to set them at liberty. To, this
order was annexed a very polite letter for M. REIN-
HARD, from 13,trole BUDBERG, the Minister for Fo-
reign Affairs in Russia. M. REINHARD and his fa-
mily are since arrived in Gallicia.

.PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLO9C.
Consols - I Otunium - -

THE SUN.

SOLEM (11JSS DICER!! r A t.57.J:., UDZIT

L 0 IV .D 0 Ar,
WEDNESDAY, ICIARC'H 18, 1807.

WE should feel great pleasure if it were in our
power to conarrn the report that all difficulties are

entirely removed respe&ing the Bill relative to. the
Roman Catholics. A Cabinet Council was held last
light at Earl SPENCER'S, . which did not close till
two in the morning, the result of which was imme-
diately sent off to His MAJESTY at Vitildsor. An-
othet Council was summoned for this day at two
o'clock, and His MAJESTY came to town this morn-
ing on the occasion.

YESTERDAY Evening Paris Papers to the sth
Inst. were received. They contain the 624:1 Bulle-
tin of the French. Army, which is an Account of
the A6tion on the 16th lift. between the Corps un:. •
der the Command ,of Generals Vox ESE 74 and SA-
VAR,Y. It can hardly be necessary to state, that the
French claim a Viaory ; but this Vie-tory, like
that of Eylau, only lea to a retreat. The wea-
ther is described as being too frightful fur
the French' to achieve any thing great, and
therefore it became ' necessary for the Army to
,enjoy its repose in winter-quarters. It appears
that the Head-quarters of the French were at
Liebstadt on the 2 1 st, and we have no doubt that
the retreat would be continued until the whole
Army had crossed the Visalia, for we are convinced
that the Russians would not suffer them to enjoy
much repose on the eastern side of that, river. It
does not appear that BONAPARTE has left the Army,
nor perhaps would it be very prudent for 'him to
qUit it at present. We have e%tra6ted from the Argus
some observations upon the Campaign—the object of
which is to shew that it was not 'BONAPARTE'S
_ill.-
tention to. have carried the War on the other side of
the Vistula till the spring, and that he actually carried
his Conquests 60 leagues further than he intended.
If this be true, the French Chief seems disposed to
repair his error, and to abandon his Conquests with
more rapidity than he made them.

By a Vessel from America, Virginia Papers of.a
late date have been received in -town. In the Le-
gislature of Virginia, the Senate haVe rejeaed. by a
majority a 14 to b, an Address, to Mr. JEFFERSON,
which had been voted by the House of Delegates.—
The affair of Colonel Buiut still continues to occupy
the public mind.
The Austrian Messenger, who we mentioned to
be waiting at Heligoland for a passage to England,
amongst other thin(rs, declared, that. before he left
Vienna accounts had been received there of Peace
having been made between the Russians and Turks.
It is reported that 12,000 French Conscripts, who
were on their way lately. from Paris to Mentz, over-
powered their guard, and disbanded themselves.
Whatever may be thought of the policy of the
.measure proposed by Earl rERCY _last night in the
House of Commons, for the Abolition or Slavery in
the West Indies, the dignified sentiments and liberal
principles of this young Nobleman entitle him to
the esteem -and admiration of his Country. They
are worthy of his rank, and worthy the name of his
high fatpily. From a chara6ter like ,this, the. Pub-
lic may look forward to an able Counsellor of the
State, and a firm and enlightened supporter of true
British principles.

. .
On Sunday night:last' the house of Mr. Hough,
Watch-maker, in the High-street, Portsn-Incoh, was
Ltoken open, and goods to the any).,lnt of zw..2. was
stolen, with wbii hth 'v 111 clear Qt.'. •
