PROSPECTUS.

The • second General Annual Meeting of the
Society for mitigating and grandually abolishing the state of
Slavery throughout the British dominions, was held on Satur-
day, at the Freemasons' Hall,
of GLOUCESTER, in the Chair,
his Royal Highness the Duke
We seldom remember to have seen a more interesting or, nu-
merous assembly. The Royal Chairman :was supported* by
Lords Gambier, Teigninouth, Milton, Calthorpe, anti Nugent;
by Sir Thomas Baring and Sir. John Sehright, Baronets; by
Messrs. Brougham, Denman, Fowell Buxton, Evans, Win.
Smith, Dr. Lushington, Spring Rice; Richard 'Martin', Ben-
nett ( Wilts), and several other Alembers of Parliimment. The
Hall was filled by letclies, among whom we observed a number
of the _Society of Friends.
The business commenced by Mr. SA-MUEr. HOAIIE reading
the annual report of the Society, which depicted, in strong
terms, the utility and imperative necessity of this Society, and
the efficient measures which ,it iniarattolited tasuppress the
great evil otslavery. It enumerated the ineffectual Legislative
steps taken by the local authorities in the Colonies, and enforced
the necessity of bringing public opinion in this country to hear
on a question so vitally interesting to the cause of humanity,
and which it was vain to regulate by compromising measures,
the execution of which must depend upon the efforts of adverse
parties, The report touched upon the peculiar'-circumstances
of the West India' trade, its monopoly, competition with free
labour, and the necessity of an alteration in the sugar duties.=
In conclusion, it enforced the necessity of diffusing the books
and tracts of the Society,by the efforts of individuals within the •
sphere of their own circle and lamented the retirement of. Mr.-
Wilberforce from pubilelife—a distinguished Statesman, whose
services in the cause of. humanity throughout a long life, had
been devoted to the cause of the poor African, was panegyrised
by the Society in terms of suitable and affectionate gratitude,—.
(Loud applause.)
Lord CALTTIOnPE, -in moving that this valuable Report be
adopted by the Meeting, the respectability of which he paiaed,
took a review of the inadequate , measures which have been
takea, by the colonial.nothorities forsthe purpose of giving effect
to the recommendations transmitted by the British Govern-
ment, for the amelioration of the slave populatiots;•-and urged
upon the Society the necessity of persevering to lay before the
world the horrors of slavery, for the purpose, of mitigating, if
not suppressing, eco baneful an, evil, one indeed so repugnant to
the principles and dictates of Christianity. ,He alluded to the
efforts which had_ been already made both by the Parliament
and people of 'this country to correct the real Administration of
the colonial Legislature. He defended this and similar insti-
tutions from the_ unsparing imputations which had been un-
sparingly throWn_out upon -them, of leading away the public
mind by exiggerated statements of the'state of West India
slavery,all the glaring facts of which were now admitted and
detailed in their Report, hy• the reluctant testimony of the
agents of their _infliction. It was not right_to state, that be-
cause facts were horrible, therefore they were unture ; and that
beause they excited no horror ie 11 India society, they
ought not to create it in England.—(Applause.)—The Noble
Lord referred to some of the details of: the Report, to shew
that no statements could exaggerate the evil of slavery, or
paintred ta its
be
beno_i; the
ey
ciannfsetssroianngs of theercolo u colours
plantersth an
themselves.t ey were a dmnilte-
way in which they spoke of the treatment of their slaves, of
the base use of time whip as applied to human labour, which
they described as essential to the condition of slavery, ihew-
ed this in the strongest lights ; indeed, they spoke of
their be essential, just as the people of this country talked
of the freedoin•of the press, and the trial by jury being essen-
tial to time liberty of the subjsct.—( Applause.)—One would-
expecethat the great amount of the bounties (1,200,000/. or
• 7,500,0001. annually) given upon West India sugar, and the_
great demand for the article, would alleviate and encourage the
labourog the productive part of the population ; but no e the
fact was the reverse, and the wretched slives were still-more
oppressed by the additional weight of their labour. He then
eloquently contrasted the public conduct of the Legislature at
home and in the colonies, and the disgraceful proceedings of
the latter in all matters connected with the: melioration of their
slaves, which amounted to an open confession of the great
evils inseparable from so odious a system, and the utter im-
possibili7 of correcting them without British interference, It
was for Lnglishmen to remember the galling and humiliating
fact, that the longer they withheld the loud expression of their.
opinions upon this question, the longer must slavery endure.
(Hear !)—There was no man who did not know, that if the
middling classes of this country once came forward and de-
noanced this degrading evil, it would be in vain for Puha-
mentary irtereit or political connection to attempt to uphold it
for one year longer. The Noble laird then pronounced a
lowing eulogium upon the eminent services of Mr. %Wilber-
orce, who was retiring into the vale of life with all the glories
of his high career irradiating that decline; and full.of public
honour, for the unwearied eftbrts he had made throughout a
long life in time cause of humanity in every quarter of
_the
world. He conjured the meeting not to leave undone the great
work which Mr. Wilberforce first, in Parliament, begun, and
to put the finishing hand to the superstructure which his ta-
lents and his devotion had reared. It was time for them to
rescue the character of their country from the odious: stigma of
countenancing slavery—it was to public opinion, in that cause,
that Mr. Wilberforce had always appealed, and that great
organ of human amelioration would,, he • hoped, be still exer-
cised in so holy a work.—(Applause.)
Lord Mir.Tofe, in seconding the motion, expressed his warm
admiration of the objects of this Society, and time tennis of, he'
report which had been just read, if the great' leaders of this
cause thought they had obtained their object without the aboli-
tion of slavery itself, they little calculated u_pon the real duty
which they owed both to society and to their Creator. 'ln glan-
cing,at the great efforts which had been made to enlighten the
public mind upon time horrors of the slave system, next to Mr.
Wilberforce, he could not overlook the great efforts of Mr. Ste-
phen (the Master in Chancery), who sat near him, wile had, by
his writings, exposed in its naked condition the odious evil of
which they all now complained. Indeed, time West Indian
mind deluded itself upon this question, and he believed they
many very well meaning Proprietors of \Vest India property,,
who resided away from these estates, were the unknowing cause
of disseminating false intelligence as to tvlalearttiallgsttiaitise
qouf
eths,tiinagas: upon their plantations.— (Hear !)—ln
he knew that many of these gentlemen were themselves the ad-
vocates of free-labour in preference to Nave cultivation. Even
for the sake of their own interests, he wished to see the system
changed, and he entirely concurred in the good policy and sa- '
gacity of their views. The Noble Lord eloquently argued upon
the degrading effects of African slavery, and the appalling in-
fluence which ithad upon the human mind, so much so, that at
one time ingenious writers had declared that the blacks were
naturally, an inferior order of beings from the whites, and
ought, therefore, not to be treated with time same humanity.
For the sake of time West Indies, therefore, he cordially second-.
ed, this motion, to put an end for ever to so odious and unwise
a system.
11Ir. W. S3IITTI, in proposing a resolution of thanks to Mr.
Wilberforce, for his eminent services in the cause of .African
emancipation, felt his own inadequacy to pertOrm this duty
which was due to the merits of their venerable associate. It was
with the greatest pleasure that he heard the coincidence of opi-
nion expressed by the Noble Lord in the details of their report,
and particularly of the last Noble Lord, who possessed an here-
ditary claim upon their attention as the successor in the repre-
sentation of the county of York, of the eminent Sir George-Sa-
ville, who was the
.earliest of the abolitionists, lie recollected
an anecdote of Sir George Saville, who once visited a slave ship,
at Liverpool, and who beconring shocked at time preparations.
before him, and being asked if he was ill, shook his bead at the
consciousness of the different feelings which actuated him -and
his mercantile companion, and said, o.
am not ill, but
while you are contemplating unmoved the profits of this voyage,
I am wishing the ship will never see the end of -
plause.)—The
.Hon.. Gentleman then did ample justice to the
names of the able men.
services of their illustrwiohuasliCathiafirrmanainth;e abnedgiainairnevieveingtime.
he.
would
assisted; in
Id place Mr.
firshtolensttahbelirs'ltinetkinieegrsouifcriCedom at loser • on the
this Granville
fll wed Mr. '
of Eneland ; then oThomas Clarkson,
shores .
luminaries, Pat and Fx, great indeed was the
and the great
latter :
g d cruse,
Sharpe, w

. .
The improvement of the corninunication between Newcastle-
•trpon-Tyne-atid'. Catlisle, or rather between the German Ocean
lint! the Irish Channel,- has occupied the attention of the Public
litsLitferent periOds during
_the- last half century. The recent
do t'ori or riCti'fiar Filth to Carlisle has re-
vived the subject, and astroug feeling of the expediency of
completing the line of Colnmunication has been excited ; there
appeared to he hut one opinion as to the advantages of the mea-
sure,and the-only doubt entertained was, whether it would be
best affected by a continuation of the Canal already formed, or
by a Rail-road communicating with it.
During the Summer Assizes of last year, a numerous and
respectable County Meeting, convened by .the I3igh Sheriff of
Northuntberland, was held at Newcastle, and a Committee was
appointed td inquire into the practicability of improving the
existing communication between Newcastle and CarliSle, and
the comparative eligibility of effecting that improvement by a
Canal or a Raihroad...

The committee have since proceeded diligently to the per-
formance of the 'duties confided to them. They have availed
themselVes of the advice and. assistance of Mr. Chapman and
11Ir. Jessop, civil engineers of eminence (the former possessing
considerable local' information); and' after a full investigation of
the subject, they have closed their labours by a report, in which
this'," state theic.opieion,,that the establishment of a communica-
tion by a: rail.:toad, between Newcastle and Carlisle, is an un-
dertaking which will be advantageous:to those who may embark
in it, at the same that that 'it is an object of great importance
both to. the landed and commercial interests of this part of the
ingdom, and that' its execution will open a country rich in mi-
ttered prodUctions,-ann tend materially to promote agriculture,
11 ianufactures, and commerce.'
This report•WaSpreiented by. Sir John Edward Swinburne,
Baronet, the Chairmen of the• Committee, to a County Meeting,
convened by the High Sheriff of Northumberland, and held at
Newcastle on the 2fith inst., When it was resolved, " That the
Meeting,•eoncurring•in the view taken of the subject by the
Committee, considery the establishment of a communicating by
a rail-road between Newcastle and Carlisle • an object worthy of
the coaritenonee of the country."
Under these encouraging circumstances, the measure proposed
has been entered upon. It is strongly supported by the landed
interests, united with the commercial and manufacturing inte-
rests at each extremity of the line of communication, and no
doubt can be-entertained of its being prosecuted effectually.
Ititay with confidence be asserted, that there are few, if any
situations in Great Britain which present a surer prospect of
success to such st" undertaking: there are no existing canal
interests to interfere with•or to be injured by the proposed rail-
road the country on both sides of the line abounds ir. lead,
coal, 'lime, and other mineral productions, the transit of which
on different portions of the line, independent of that of mer-
chandlie from one-`extreniity to the other, has been estimated
alone to produce a revenue sufficient to compensate those who
may engage in the:undertaking. At the same time, imperfect
as is the preient medium of communication; the carriage of
merchariditte betiveen Newcastle and Carlisle is so considerable
as to justifythe-tinifielent- expectation of a large additional re-
turn frolic" tlient sintrce, whet the propOsed facilities of convey:
ance • shall tie afforded. The whole line of way is peculiarly
favourable for' taking the utmost advantage of steam power,
abounding4s it does with coal, which may be obtained at a
cheap rate. • •
-The country, throngh which the Rail-road is intended to pass;
has been-on former-oceattions• more than once accurately sur-
veyed, with a view to a canal, which was then contemplated ;
but a minute survey has net yet been made for the present pur-
pose,,nor has the precise line of the proposed Rail-road been de-
finitely-fixed, tliough Mr: Chapman and Mr. Jessop have both
examined' the country, and-suggested their ideas on the subject.
There is not,-hoWever,.the slightest doubt but the line may be
so arranged, that no annoyance or inconvenience will be attend-
ant on the benefits which must be derived to those landowners
through whose property it passes.
The proposed: line communicates with the Tyne at New-
castle, and terminates at the basin of the canal at Carlisle, and
the whole lengthls 64 miles and a half. The expenee of exe-
'cuting the work . has been estimated by Mr. Chapman at
262,488/. ; to this estimate Mr. Jessop has thought it right to
make an atldition of 40,0001., on account of the advance 'in
the price of • iron, and some other circumstances, making: in
for incidents and unforeseen expences.
the whole 292,488/., which includes an allowance of no less a
thatsum
It the undertaking shall be placed tuiderilie
itshathnte3tl2a9e3d3l,
management ,of a-Board of Directors, assisted by such Sub-
boards as may hereafter be appointed by the subscribers.
The capitol required for the undertaking is 300,0001., divided
into 3,000 shares of.lool. each, of which one-sixth part is re-
served for the landowners of the country through which the line
passes. The capital will be placed under the controul of the
Board of Directors, by whom the Shares will be issued to the
s, and the remainder will be
Subscribers.
hscribed is required
td be paid into the hands of the Bankers of the Company, to the
is"cilirstien _ further advance
Directors, An advance of 21. per cent. on sn • .
otfhep.lans anti surveys shall have been
of the Board ; but no
carleudnftoorfat
will be required until
tthhee:
Par obtai
completed, and en Act of
March :18,liament 1825.ned.
Newcastle-upon-Tyne,

who Anuf cow --- whose resistless eloquence
Wielded at will'that fierce democratic,
Shook the arsenal, and fulmined over Greece
To Macedon and Artaxerxes throne."
Could anyody doubt that these great wen meant t
).2AB ti(011)) s t
of .the abolition of slavery itself ?—(llcar, hear
of eminent names followed in the present day, i list
.rated for the same great purpose.,—At .the head of. th.esei one
Mr. Wilberforce, who had shone conspicuously in its
prorress
and whose setting rays now fell upon the land with a mild anti

„eteady lustre.--(Applause.)—Every heat, he knew, reseoede
to that feeling, and must bear a grateful recollection of his brii-
liant and long continued services. •
' Mr: FOW.Er.r. Bu'x'riet, in seconding this motion; said. that
hiseHon. Friend had gone through a list of Their ablest advo-
cates, save one, which one was himself'—(applause)e—fhr often
-had Mr. Wilberforce mentioned, that•during forty years of hard
and laborious council and: action, he had always found Mr.
Smith by his side,—(Applause.)—Mr.- Wilberforce had been.
at length reluctantly compelledley his friends and family to re-'
tire, -bY:Olhealth, from the public service, which he had edorn-
ed forty Hive years. It was their duty, then, to pay their tri-
bute to so. illustrious a character. -7. The floe.' Gentleman then
eulogized the powerful services of Mr.: Wilberforce in main-
taining the honour and reputation of his native country against
the oditith of the slave trade, And took a retrospect of the public
services:of that eminent individual, whose privet% as well as
public principles were; he observed; so well calculated to shed
:lustre upon any marelafame., :Engagedax he had been in pubie
lic affitirs, it was the greet, fortune of that individual never to,
have Made one personal gnedir, hihati "Ateveks enjoyed a
large and devoted circle of affectionate friends:--(Applause,)-e-
--At this advanced period-of their services inthe cause of African.
• slavery, they could hardly estimate the obstacles which Mr..
Wilberforce had early to encounter, when, in addition.. foe pai:.
liamentary and commercial iotluence, be had -local popular
clamour to encounter in the progress of his ardupuelabours,
which often beset his friendse and hlinted•thent in public. The
-Hon. Gentleman contrasted the preseot withtthe past seate.of
the-question, and declared there could not how ,be ounit:one
man in the community to avow himself a friend ofehe.shive
trade; and he-augured the best results from a..centinuance in
the labours of the public, which had already, been_the means of
accomplishing so much good.
Mr. W. WELBERViencE, jun. rose to return thanks in he.-
half of his absent father, but was for a few minutes so over-
powered by his feelings, that he was unable to proceed. He
declared .that the force .of, filial affection almost disabled hint
from doing justice to his sentiments; but he could assure them
that it would be the utmost gratification to his father •to learn
that they had thus appreciated his long services, and were de-
Acemined to go on and fight that lasettittle, which he iVa9 by
infirmities, reluctantly obliged to withdraw from,•. as Ate'. had
yielded to'the entreaties of his family and friends, and retired
from public life. -He-then congrittillate:it The lltiyal litairredif
upon the distinguished situation whielhhe held among them,
and which so characteristically belonged to a Member o 1 that
Illustrious family- who had been called to the throne ofEngland,
•to maintain and preserve the liberties of the people. Mr. WU-
berforce proceeded to enlarge upon' the horrors of West India
Slavery, and he read an extract from the works of Mre.Robirt
Hall, to show its baneful effects upbn the condition of human
society. He coneludedby repeating his thanks for the tribute'
which they had paid to the services `of his father.
Mr. 'lletouetteaeu, in rising to propose a resolution, declara-
tory of.the supineness of the colonial legislature in fulfilling die
wishes of the Government at-home on this great subject, ex-
pressed the gratification, he felt at the peculiarly prosperous as-
pect of their cause which they had this day to witness. fie said
`last
advisedly ;. foralthough nothing had been done since their
`last meeting at either side of the Atlantic,_although true it was
that during the space since last year, they had•to lament the re-
tireinent! from public life of their great and venerable' Iteoler
,(Mr. Wilberforce),, still lic. felt on the present occasion most”
"confidently assured of their not' much longer to he deterred suc-
cess in the great cause in Which they were so honourably .en-
gaged.—( Hear leee-His anticipation., indeed,' arose frOm • this
fact, namely, 'that nothing had been done
at either side of the.
Atlantic,' They would well remember that •as often as they
had pressed forward to lay the axe to the root of the- poisonoes
tree, under whose pestiferous shade 'they had- been, so - long
breathing a noxious atmosphere, they had been told that they
;must forbear, for the-tree could only be pruned and refreshed,
..by an iinproventent- and a culture, to be supplied by those
•on the spot, when best knew the soil and the climate. Those
who thought with him always declared, that in vain would
. the axe be applied to the tree, by the parties in the West
Indies, and for that declaration they had been assailed with
- every legree of obloquy. and vituperation—they were said to
be as much the sworn, blind, prejudiced enemies of the whites,
as they were the epially perverse, blind, and prejudiced ad-
vocates of the blacks.—(Laughter.)—They• had always been
told only to wait and see what a Month or a session would
do in the 'colonial- legislature. They had so waited ; and
what was the result ? Ni-hy their predictions had been fulfill d,
and the promises of the colonial authorities forfeitcd.—(Hear,
hear !)—Let these West Indian parties - then, for eite future
know, and he gave it to -them as, a sort of Parliamentary
notice, that they woeld be trusted no longer; anti he thlt an
indelible weight of-gratitude, greater than he had ever thought
he should have owed them, to- the West 'lndian colonies,
for the pregnant illustration they had • now so unequivocally
given of their intentions, of all that he previously declared he
expected from 'Thent.—(llear, hear !)—He knew many estima-
ble owners of-West-ledian' property, but veto were deceived at
the distance of-three thossand miles from their estates, by
the misrepresentations of interested egents; for their sakes,
therefore.• a change of system must take place to save them_
selves from ruin, aye, even for thesake of -the deluded instru-
ments of slavery itself.--41lear, hear !)--_The Honourable anti
Learned Gentleman then took a review of what had been done
by the Colonial °Legislatures, in - pursuance of the Order of
Connell which had been sent' out to them from the Government;
at home. Trinidad had resisted, and was only at length over-
'awed by the etrongharm of authoritative power ; there they had
avowed the cartwhite to be essential to West Indian discipline,
and effectually confirmed the long and perseveringly denied fact
so often urged by his excellent friend, Mr. Stephen, that the
-whip was in. the West Indies the stimulus to slave labour-. At
-Barbadoea they had demolished the chapel of the Methodist
Missionary, and proscribed the sect which devoted theinselVes
to the instruction of the negroes, and by force forbade-the land-
ingein their shores-of the successor of Mr. Shrewsbury, who
was treated•with a severity only next to that of Mr. Smith,'the
Missionary, by the Demerara people. In Jamaica, it was -true
'a Bill had been brought in (after repeated promises and assures
ances) to make slave testimony admissible, not generally, but
in cases where slaves themselves were parties. They would
perhaps believe that Bill had passed. No -such thing—it
Was rejected by ,34 to 1, that one -being the mover of the
(-H ear, hear !) The Honourable and Learned
Gentleman then contended, in an animated appeal the
Meeting, that the time had arrived when the Government at
home must exercise their parental authority over the colonies,
and tell them in terms- too plain to be -.misunderstood, - that if
they allowed this vacation to pass without adopting the
me.akures so long pressed upon them, they (the Parlia-
ment at home) would'ttike the matter Up, for the purpose-of
settling it for ever, during the first week ofthe ensuing eeseten
of Parliament, and do it not only for the sake of the Negroes,
but of their Short. sighted masters—(applaese)-Whetherhe hhn.
Self brought forward stud) a measure, or preserved his more pro-
per station of beingsorie,of its supporters. was'a matter of indife
ference, bat done, hepledged himself it -must be in the event
of the alternative he alluded to—(hear, hear !)—Neverhattlie
been actuated by any feeling of exasperation against the plan-
tees .; but human laws ought never to-be entrusted to uncon-
ren
:exwpixteessrei
trended administration of human . individuals. At all events,
wherever the power resided.—whether it be with a Kineea _Se_
)—The Hon, end
tate, a Council, a President, a Committee, or a Mariam of •
Slaves, the voice of human nature called out that Power and "Pu-
' slavery ought not to co-exist together.
They -ought never- to disprove
in full force. age.
perions who on every- _
carryin..'fnio and classed among the hese .
give any man a ice)
(roieitlsc
tosl
tfe':lb-)
er obtpyyerriaitlnyonvoyiNT'legr(
ehise
Iftr
me,:s!
Lcf;islature, in
leinvegearrttintiCieexlditisliaiedpn'ptet.li'ntment of the Meeting, that so little- progress infected 'by -this ignorant pre nn.,
mental infirmity ne this point, as to ova.
tiOns of the Bnitish Institution, and to image_
of his i,lajesty',y Government
the resolutions of Parliament,. and the wishes anti prayers of themselves the most active friends of the British
the nation at large, for the mitigation and eventual extinction of thee, are, in effect, with good intentions, an obstacle .
eolerial slavery, and suggesting the necessity from the threats
of determined resistance on the part of the colonists, of' adopting
ehflaectbieleine brneanelevobleyntth eint(e3onleoionniasl
more decisive steps.
• • •
Mr. DENMAN was happy to second the motion of his Hon.
.HYDE PARK. GATE.—The Corpmfttee on ar*:
and Learned Friend.- _Practice gid could only be do •
instrumentality of Parliament, and if the. 'le Bill for widening and improving the roadat Hyde Park Corner,
through the public - • • e
voice was raised, as it .ought to be, against the abominable' proceed with their labours. and on Thursday agreed to a res Oft,
- system of colonial slavery, he felt satisfied that in a Shore period lotion for removing the toll-gate from Hyde Pate Comer, 'ally.
retribution that ever ve • the idea of placin one at the end Of Grovenor,plaetfit,
to abandon
the greatest act of moral retn
He concluded bshould be stationed d ntheroadi,
proposed thatthe cay
would. be brought about.Y seconding. Mr. it'was
Brett 'motion, which was put and carried unani opposite .to-the Canon' tirOvery, and just beforeearrevmg
g am e mouslv
eioane.etreet: Two other gates were also mentionedlo calm
time Meeting upon
T MORE addressed
sthe n
eces-qtY the traiellits b site-square, &ee; bet the further conaider
in our .‘ir es -Ye
of attacking the system of slavery
and eet India ISlands• next Committee.
regulations, by the t.oe was postpOri# till the ".. .
by:altering our .commercial use of
Ile moved a resolution, e-- 1114- •
chinery -and free labour. I ••• which
diet the
carried 7upanimously, . declaring Klargery,-. ity,i,ho-?Ptp-ult-of .3601.,. has -:bfetr'
that a higher duty •shoOld be imposed on sugar, the produce 0, within the last ft4daYlieiciiitrittted' Upon the banking-house- of
which
free labour, than on sugar grown by slaves, •
powerfully Ilaaci.aY and Co., Lombard-suet.

tended to perpetuate colonial slavery and was highly injurious
'to the national- interests.
' Mr. SY .tcs., M.P., was of :opinion that the btast' nitalrof oas
stroving the nefarious system, was through the sugar dutio.,
(ine of nthe` Society of- Friends reedmin'endedthe :'''-°
England to abstain from the use of sugarointitit ;Would he 'tile
death-blow to shivery.
• Mr. STE Pitt: , the Maiter in CharieerY, skid-that be and his
fain ly had iabatained from- the use of iugar for vitae time, '
Dr. Lustitiqoaps delivered.an eloquerg.adtiress in favour
of the abolition of Colonial slavery, and call aithe attention
the Meeting to the horrors endhred by tire slari's, who were de-
ilted 0f..a1l 'domestic : arid social comforts; where all tics Zif
relationship were violated—where the wife and husband, parla:t,
and child, were dragged asunder. He read "an advertiseni-ent
from '& Jamaica. Paper,: in -which it-waft stated that a feirtiO
slave had absconded--that she was supposed, to bo„harboni-ed
by her hpShilid, and a reward Wis ofll;red for her aPpreliension.•
rom whom ought 'a wife to seek:protection, if nof-froln her
husband.? But -in this place, to obey God was to violate tlaa
w of the lam ti, and to protect t wife, .was to Subject elves
to s.ripeS and•punishment.-(Applause.)—He. concluded bx
moving a ResolUtion.
Mr. Q'CoNNEtr. seconded the motion. He concluded by,
Moving. a resolution, which was carried, recoinmending the
formation of Anti-Slavery Associations througho-ut the country.
Sir Joiek- SEERIOUT then moved a vote of thanks to the
Royalchainnan, which was seconded by Mr. Maxwell, and
passed With' acclamation:
His ltovat IlionsEss said, it would he unbecomingot
him to leave the room without giving. vent to his feelings on
thiti subject.- He begged the meeting to accept his best thanks
fPr the manner in which they bad received the last resolution.,
It was with thejnost painful sensations that he had entered the
room, for he had expected that at this meeting they would be
able to report the progress they had-matio Since last year ; but,.
unfortunately, they had not advanced a single step. Howeyer,
after whaf.had passed this day, it was impossible that the evil
Could last much longer. It was-impassible thdtli:nglishmen
could tolerate slavery, which was solacompatiblewith the Bri-
tish Constitution. It was said they were proposing something
new; but, in 1795, Lord Melville, then Secretary of State,'Said
they were beginning at the wrong end in attacking the slave;
trade first, they should have begun with slavery itself; anti he,
_
Was right; for slavery was just as flourishing now as it was
then,. to the great disgrace of a free country. He -was sure;
however, now that the public voice raised in -its favour would*
be heard by Parliament, that they would be 'Certain of obtain,
ing:'support. He trusted to.-see as respectable a meeting next
year, when he hoped, to ,be able to report - to them the pro,
kress they should have made. His 'family lied been brought
to this Country- for the protection of the rights hnd liberties:
of its subjects; and as a member of that family, he should
not be discharging his duty towards theta if.he did not re-
commend those sacred principles of freedom by every means
in his power.--(Applause..)
The meeting then broke up, and a collection took place at.
the doors. •

MiTORICAL PAIN rING.

FOR Tlll SUN..

M it. 'Ent.Tott--41is' of :ini;tortatice to hear in
mind, that for two hundred and eighty years every British.
Artist who endeavoured to devote his pencil to historical paint-
ing has been a sufferer from the Same- cause, the exclusion cif'
paintings from churches and other public buildings. If WERT'
.
was in some degree enabled to form a solitary exception, by.
persevering constantly to paint history to the end
.of hiS life;
he was solely indebted for that diatinction.to the patronage of
the late King. The Royal Commissions ftnnished him with
; the means of supporting himself against the anti-British, anti-
,.contemporarian, and anti-historical spiiit of the age. The
prejudiced Fashionables of the day, who _despised. the land,
scares of Wilson and Gainshurough, and the unrivalled moral
lessons of llogarth upon canvas, were blirul to their own-ta4te-
less error, and even -proud of their blindness. The very Leaders
• of public opinion, who scoffediat the works of thOse great Bri-
tish Masters, for no other reason but liceause they were pro.
duced by their countrymen, affected to speak of the Firn:Arts
with rapture, and to-descant with an•air of lofty superiority on
their own discrimination, their liberality, and their admiration
of Raphael and Michael Ange K-of Titian, of Claude, and all
" the great Masters of -the renowned, 'They were rot-
lectorsand Patrons forsook, after, the true Anti7-eontemporatian
fashion, that is, they contemned anti vilified theliVing, in Order
to-prove the Orthodox 'worship of-the illustrious dead.. •-••.
• Unfortunately,, notwithstanding the commendable effort'a
of the British Institution, the •Anti-British spirit has ever
since pvvailed against the ptiblic'style in thisedlintr7. Rpys
nolds was prevented by the unpopularity, of British historical
.painting from entering that department, until late in life.
did not finish and exhibit his first historical- attempt, the
until 1773, when he was in his fiftieth year. Hopainted
that picture without a commistion,and 1. tear there are no fully
• established proofs that lie vier received more than five hiSterical
commissions froM the whole bOdy'of the' British and.
Gentry, during the long period of his - 411 yehrS TraCtice
Flaxman has stated that " Romney was gifted with peculiar
powers for historical painting, and his heart arid soul were..et-
,. gaged in the pursuit of it whenever he ceulti extricate himself'
•! from portrait painting."—(Flayley's life of Roinney,"p.
Yet, with all this enthusiastic attachment of' Romney to histoi
rival painting, Fuseli has recorded. that " the opirrian of
friends, his own fears, and the taste qfthe a/F,-soon ruifiretT
him to abandon 14e pursuit." Opie entertained at strong a dei4ife
to distinguish himself in history painting, but lie. waS•nioat
luetantly obliged to follow the example of Romney and Flu-aet.
Ttesham, with classical refinement, poetical conception, the
powers of a draftsman and historical invention;.tibiled his .fiffe'
endowments and acquirements away -withourti field for
Barry's enthusiasm, his desperate struggle aiid 'his Prticlairi
iiidigence-,• are notorious. . Brockedon, Northcote, 1-I:tyclon,'
:Hilton, have suffered from the same evil. But we are gravely
assured by certain fashion-at le Oraclei of -V4:to,- that the Antic
historical and Anti-British-spirit is much changed- Orlate, aria:,
that if certain British Artists would be kind enough to rise
froiti their graves, they would now be mightily patronised :in
'the public style tf history- painting. No-person is more in,
dined to hail.any change fir the better ; but I look ;round me.
for proofs of his asserted change ''here are tliey4.t.
It-is now those-than nine, years since-Sir "rlibmaiinavrertea
candidly declared to the -CoMmittectitithe'Elgiollarldes,'his
wish to paint history : whicleio plain Englisti told the world
that he was desirous to execute Historical pictures for the Nobi-
lity, Gentry, and Opalent 'in, every other 'cla,4s,%iiAtilvonid be
pleased to• honour -him with • their ;commisstio
terpretation• is strictly within the horimrattle,
of his frank --declaration. • Yet, it is positively affirmeti;.f.
that he has never since. 'althoug'h. inure than -nine years hav,#,
passed, been.favoured with• a single commission to paitit iii
historical picture. I have .been assured that his.as.sertion.ishoti
too true, although I may •not name •my authority; Bur
would fain doubt it, and even it an -historical teciiuroisseoir.tar. •
two can be adduced againit the statement, I will sincerely
juice in the fact, without' laying any very 7extravagant
.stresi
upon it; for, after all, what can it amount to ? will :no.c •
disprove the melancholy truth that the. Anti-Jiritish spifit in
in full force against the public style, and that at this day.many
perions who on every other ground are deservedly looked up tor:
and classed among the best and wisest men in- the-empire, aro..
infected 'by -this ignorant prejudice, and. so•blind 'to their owri:r
mental infirmity in this point, as to overlook the able publica.:J,
thins of the Bnitish Institution, and to imagine that. they are"
themselves the most active friends of the British School, whern'
they are, In..effect, with good intentions, -an obstacle to its
advancement:
April 28, 1825 EVELYN, Jew. •-

- INDIA.
_
FOR .TILE SUN. . ' • . _........1.—_ •
•
...._..-...-- SHIPS TRADING to INDIA and to the EASTWARD of the CAPE of GOOD HOPE.
CATHOLIC EMANCIPATION.
'9
,
Ma. EDITOU--If Protestants desire the free .lpirsoted to -
Ships' Afamcs. 51 Owners or Consignees. Cqptains. Tr .he" I? ferenees.
Destination.
Sall. .r; loading.
:sercise of their religion, upon no principle can they refuse the
,arne liberty to Catholics. Intolerance is the parent of dissen- , . ' _
:ea, and; if we wish to live in charity with mankind, we must 1825. .. r----------‘
f, I
Cape, Madras, 1 St.Pac.Playlo 1 R. J. Saunders, Agent,
5°- R. J. Saunders, Agent J.H.Johnstnn Deptford
edhere to that divine maxim which enjoins us to do unto others • Enterprise
& Bengal. -1- Ports. 15 1
David Sutton E.l. Docks Old '.S. House [ lane
is we would be dont unto. Independently, therefore, of that 5 Muly„raviCastle 05 William Tindell James Ralph City Canal J. Lyney, jun. Birchin-
- M
)ohey which, to consolidate a Government, would harmonize • Graves. ay 1
Ports. 6 1 Eliza 682 David Sutton
J Barber and Neate, Bir-
chin-lane
ill the ingredients of which it is composed, it is peculiarly the 8 Mary Ann 474 Thomas Ferguson Mich. O'Brien City Canal Edmund Read,Riches-
luty of a Protestant to divest himself of that bigotry which
I - I court, Lime-street
-10 Woodford 544 Alfred Chapman Alf. Chapman
would exclude his brother Catholic from the enjoyment of his • I E. I. Docks J.Chapman & Co. Lea-
denhall-street
religious tenets. So far, then, there can be no difference of 15 Caesar 658 Johnston & Meaburn Thos.A.Watt. City Canal W. Abercrombie, Bir-
chin-lane
opinion ; but when it is asked of the Government to permit the. Madras and Sarni Beadle Graves. May 5
8 1 Wm. Miles 581 Samuel Beadle E. I.
1-1,„.u., Bolton and Kelleam,
Catholic portion of its subjects to be admitted to the enjoyment . Bengal - - Downs ''''''" Lime-street
of offices, which confer power, the exercise of which may lead Ports. 15 Kingston 93 Wm. Atkins Bowen W. A. Bowen City Canal Anstice and Thornhill,
Old South Sea H ouse
to results that may derange those great principles which form) J. A. Cum- E I Docks John Lyney, jun.
e Graves. 25 }Neptune 51' J. Curnberlege,jun. I berle • •
the basis of the British Government, the question assumes a Ports. 31
new shape, the term tolerance is abandoned, and another term, Graves. 25 1 (mein S. Marjoribanks& Co.,
Ports June 1 i '-' 5' S. Marjoribanks & Co. Thos. White E.I. D—a
"'-'' . King's Arms Yard
. dominion," which appears to have no necessary connexion • Gravel., I 5 Victory 67 John-L. Heathorn C. Farquhar. Blackwell J. L. Heathorn, Cole-
son man-street
with the former, must be substituted. -If it be said that to allow
May 14 1 Thilia I i I Francis Robinson IV. H. Eiden City Canal R.F.Wade,Lorlon-st.
)f complete toleration the expounders of the Catholic faith should Ports. 20 ) •-,`
)e supported by the Government, and that the Catholic should • Graves. • .---- Thalia -- - 7i S. Marjoribanks Geo. IV. Cole W I Docks S. Marjoribanks & Co.
611 Wigg ens and Green George Denny Blackwell John Pirie & Co., Free-
lot be compelled to contribute to the maintenance of the Pro- Bengal ,„, Ports. :!I.IR osb.,urgh Cas- .
tle man's-et. Cohill
testant Priest, I think the policy of the Government might yield -June 15iExmouth 11 Henry Read Samuel Owen Notarrived Edmund Read
Graves. 3 'Ganges-, - Robert Ford Robert Ford W.l.Docks Isbister and Horsley,
this Indulgence, for -I confess I cannot find, and have not yet •
Leadenhall-street
heard any argument, which can claim this privilege as a right. -. Ports. May, 2 Mjtgnet 196 Robert Chesament James Todd LondonDs. %V. Redhead, jun. Bir-
k is said the Catholics are as much subjects of the State, and ~
', . chin-lane
Graves. ' 'Simpson 4, i Henry Simpson Ilen. Simpson City Canal John Chapman, jun.
therefore as much entitled to a participation in the powers which John Biggar 301 James Hunter, jun. David Blair City ('anal William Abercrombie
he State exercises, as the Protestant. Certainly, if their ad-
Bombay . Ports; l 0 Ceres 350 Thomas M. Smith D. Warren IV.l.Docks John Pine and Co.
Graves. 31 Elphinstone 50 John Clarkson H. H. Sunnier City Canal Bazett and Co.
mission into power does not endanger the integrity of the State; Alacritty 275 Finny and Co. Geo. Findlay City Canal W. Redhead, jun.
if the existence of the Government, as wholly and entirely a Pens. June 1 Triumph 506 Taylor and Green Thomas Green Not arrived Edmund Read
July 1 Upton Castle 598 John Thacker John Thacker Notarrived William Abercrombie
Protestant Government (upon the permanence of which, in rnY Mauritius and ( I • 314 15 Orpheus 413 William 'Pennington IThos. Finlay City Canal John Lyney, jun.
rumble jtidgment; the civil liberty of an EngliArnau altogether Ceylon -AI Madeline 300 Johnston and Meabum'C. D. Hays W.l.Docks John S. Brinley
5 William Parker 23618. Brown Baylis Brown City Canal Edmund Read
lepends), is neither immediately nor remotely menaced, there Batavia & Sin- {
:20 Fortitude 230 i John T. Burgon ‘Vm.Barcham City Canal Buckles and Co. Mark-
.
:an be no diffigapore
culty lin acceding to that /preposition-; but i lane
f it can be shown that the Catholic faith cannot admit
Van • Dieman's 20 Toward Castle 500iThomas M. Smith - Robert Jeffery LondonDs. Whitson and Hewitt,
Land &New Crutched-friars
tf that love -and "allegiance to a Protestant State which South Wales. , 25 Columbia 2501 Robert Cato 0. H. Wilson LondonDs. Buckles and Co.
T _......1,-.... •-!11.1, A...:1 100;

Ma. ErnTott—,lf Protestants desire the free
exercise of their religion, upon no principle can they refuse the
tame liberty to Catholics. Intolerance is the parent of dissen-
sion, and; if we wish to live in charity with mankind, we must
adhere to that divine maxim which enjoins us to do unto others
as we would be done unto. Independently, therefore, of that
policy which, to consolidate a Government, would harmonize
all the ingredients of which it is composed, it is peculiarly the
duty of a Protestant to divest himself of that bigotry which
would exclude his brother Catholic from the enjoyment of his
religious tenets. So far, then, there can be no difference Of
opinion ; but when it is asked of the Government to permit the.
Catholic portion of its subjects to be admitted.to the enjoyment
• of offices, which confer power, the exercise of which may lead
-to results that may derange those great principles which form
the basis of the British Government, the question assumes a
new shape, the term tolerance is abandoned, and another term,
" dominion," which appears to have no necessary connexion
with the former, must be substituted. -If it be said that to allow
Of complete toleration the expounders-of the Catholic faith should
be supported by the Government, and that the Catholic should
not be compelled itacontribute to the maintenance of the Pro-
testant Priest, I think the policy of the Government might yield
this Indulgence, forel confess I cannot find, and have not yet
heard any argumentawhich can claim this privilege as a right!
It is said the Catholics are as much subjects of the State, and
therefore as much entitled to a participation in the powers which
the State exercises, as' the Protestant. Certainly, if their ad-
mission into power does not endanger the integrity of the State;
if the existence of the Government, as =holly and entirely a
Protestant Government (upon the permanence of which, in my
humble jadgmenteihe civil liberty of an Englishman altogether
depends), is neither immediately nor remotely menaced, there
can be no difficulty lin acceding to that 'preposition-; hat
if it can be shown that the Catholic faith cannot admit
of that love -and 'allegiance to a Protestant :State which
is imperiously 'demanded of every subject of which it is
eomprised, why then an Englishman is abdicating his
duty, and will merit the .loss of those privileges whicinrender
him the admiration Andean of Europe, if he .admit the Ca-
tholic to the co-exercise of this power. Dr. Doyle, in his exa-
mination before the House of Peers, denies that the Pope can
depose a Monarch—be so; but he can indispose a subject to
love his Monarch—nay, he eandispose the Catholic subject to
trish the removal ofthat Monarch—to wish thedowafalloathat
State, whose religion militates.against the Catholic dogmas.
Of this there can be no doubt—how fearful then is the approxl,
oration to the roil of a State, mien a portion of its subjects de-
sires its destruction--and what an excess of folly, what madness
must that be, which would arm a portion of the-people so dis.
posed with the means of consummating their wishes. But
when we talk Of what the Pope may do, when.weesk Dr. Doyle
what are his powers, we seem to have forgotten, or not to have
known, what has been Creddy done by the Pope and Councils,
and *hat it it impossible for the Pope to undo, and which I
consider of infinitely more importance. The Council of Trcnt
has determined 'the Articles of the Catholic faith, and it has
anathematised all those who refuse an entire and unequivocal
belief in those Articles. I say thanby the Council of Trent a
Protestant stands accursed for his unbelief; and •I will :Khan-
(and I pledge myself that an examination on this point of any
one of the Catholic Bishops will confirm the statement)—that
the Pope has not the power of himself either to revokeor in any
shape whatever to modify this Anathema. In the very first
Canon of the 13th Session of the. Council of Trent, it is said,—
" That If any one denies that the Body, the Blood,' the Soul,
and the Divinity of our Saviour are contained truly, really,
and substantially in the Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist,
be he anathematised ;" and in the second Canon, " That if
any one says that. the Substance of the Bread and of the Wine
" is not consecrated in the Sacrament, be he anathematised."—
These Canons (of which for the purpose of the argument
• I have only cited two) are at this moment the' foundation
• al" the Catholic faith ; and it -is as utterly impossible
for the Pope to absolve from this Anathema, as it is for him to
affect or vary any one of the Canons. SO much are these
Cenons•binding and obligatory, that at this moment they form
the basis of the. religious instruction in every one of the French
colleges, and are taught under the sanction and by the expreis
authority of the prsent Archbishop of Paris. If the meaning
and effect of an Anathema be not generally known, I will give
it from the Dictionary of Laveaux, published in 1820, and now
adopted in preference, to the Dictionary of the Academy :
Execration, execrable, devoted to the furies of hell—Excom-
munication with execration, and accompanied with maledic-
. tions—A perpetual' separation from the Catholic Church."—lf
there be a doubt upon the subject of these Canons, or of the
elreedful meaning of the Anathema, let any one Catholic Di-
• shop be examined, and the doubt will be instantly dissipated.
Why, then, with these fact., before your eyes, can it be seri-
- °Hely proposed that a class of men professing these dogmas,
and believing in the Anathema, should be associated in power
with the anathematized; and from such association can it be
for one moment imagined that unanimity can ultimately exist'
in his 51ajestyal Councils, cr that the Throne itself will be
exempt from the most imminent peril? It may be true that
the mischief to The State, from the present disproportion of
Catholics and Protestants, may not be immediate, but if the
Catholics be armed with the power proposed, who will be bold
enough to predict the continuation of the British Constitution
to the end of anothei century ?
Versailles. , . W. F. S.

Dcstination.

ILondonDs.
London,

To Sail from
aresend.

%lay 10 1825

31a3ras. and
Bengal

Bo:nbay

June 2

J.
Bengal
t.

Bombay i

Bengal f,

CAPTURE OF KITTOOR.
( From the Bombay Courier Extraordinary, Dec. 16. )

them ready to open, when they
.disappeared, and in a few
moments the Wallajabad light infantry appeared on the de-
fences of the outer gate, where the enemy had several guns
mounted to-refilatie the principal street which 1 occupied.
Col. Conroy with his corps had entered the works by esca-
lade between the upper and lower fort, and penetrating to the
gates, opened the wtcleets and let me in.
The keys of the glad were not delivered up till we were in
possession of the palace, '
I hope I may he excused the liberty I have taken in making
this rep In, which I now have the honour to submit for the con-
sideration* of the commanding officer.
• I have the honour, &c.

CAMP BEFORE KITTOOII, Dtc. 6, 1824.
Col. Pierce, Commanding Field Force, Dooab, Belgaum.
Sfit—Ott my arrival at Kittor, on the 2d, with
the detachment.you did me thehonotir to place under my orders, .
I had the gratification of finding the prisoners, Messrs. Steven-
son and Elliott, had just been surrendered, and were at Mr.
Chaplin's tents. Soon after this, having an opportunity of see-
ing ,Mr. Chaplin, I was informed that the enemy had never-
theless no intention of delivering up the fort, and as I required
soufe hours to visit the several posts for the purpose of recon-
noitring, no time was lost in allowing four , and twenty hours
'for the consideration of the terms offered by the Commissioner.
—This period expired, and an answer was received, decided-
ly refusing the .terms. On this some guns were advanced
from the park to a position fronting the
.enemy's fortified
post of Kummummutty, with the idea of attracting their at-
tention during the advance of a party of infantry (two coin-
panieS Bombay European regiment," two companies of the
14th regiment M. N. 1., and two companies of the 6th regi-
ment Native Infantry;, from Lieutenant-Col. M'Leod's post on
m right, to storm the enemy's position on their left flank._
The guns opened about half-past five, with shells elegantly di-
rected by Major Palmer, and in 15 mir,utes.(the preconcerted
time) Lieut.-Colonel M'Leod, who had taken charge of the.
advineing party, was seen approaching a hill, within one hun-
dred and fifty yards of the point of attack: This hill was in a
moment cleared of all the matchlock men upon it, and the
were so closely pursued to their strong hold that the Colonel,
with his gallant little party, entered the works along with them,
which they instantly abandoned, and fled with great loss to
their upper fort, distant about one thousand yards. Thus this
position, so favourablefor future operation, was gained by this
spirited and well:conducted advance, without the loss on our
side of a man either killed or wounded ; but I am concerned
to relate, that Mr. Munroe, a gentleman of the Commissioner's
suite, having advanced, was wounded severely in the breast. The
enemy's loss I do 'not exactly know, but I am inclined to think
it was severe, though they got out of the way as quick as they
c mid: This operation was most spiritedly supported by the
rapid advance across the plain, .from the batteries, of the 23d
Regiment Light Infantry, under Lieut.-Col. Conroy. The re-
mainder of the night was occupied in strengthening the post;
and by day-light in the morning an excellent battery was pre-
pared for 18-pounders, which commenced about nine A. M. to
effect a breach in the wall of the upper. fort, aided by same six-
pounders, on an epaulment to the right, which Lieut.-Colonel
M'Leod passed over, in approaching the post the night before.
This fire, assisted by a brisk one of sharpened shells from
Major Threwinan's post on our left, produced a very
serious effect, so that at half-past three A. 31. a person
came out to Mr. Chaplin to reqpest permission to send
a vakeel. Mr. Chaplin instantly referred the messenger to ,
me, and he was then sent back to inform the enemy, that if
they were inclined to surrender the fort, to lay down their arms,
and deliver over certain persons as prisoners, they should
hoist a white flag as a signal that they werdieady to do so; the
flag was soon, visible, and hostilities SOOl4, ceased. Some demur
afterwards occurring, it was necessary to be prepared to recom-
mence firing with renewed vigour, to which effect I supported
the advanced parties, •by moving Ihrward - his 'Majesty's 46th
Regiment under Lieut.-Colonel Willshire, and the 3d Bombay
Native Infantry, under Lieut.-Colonel' Sealy; the batteries
were several times aboun to re-open, when a' little further delay
by negociatiora occurred ; the prisoners Were at lengtis broUght
out, and the forts were surrendered atiout 8 o'clock on the morn-
' ing of the .sthinst, . .. . .. , ~„
1 cannot conclude this dispatch without, noticing the very
great benefit, I have derived, from the information, which the
, commissioner, -:11r. Chaplin, has afforded me, from the moment
when all negociation on his part ceased, and the reduction of
the place, by force, became necessary.
.. • I have the honour to be, &c.
CHARLES DEACON, Commanding Detachment.
Camp before Kittoor, Dec. 8, 1824.
SIR—I have the honour to transmit a copy of a letter from
Major TrewMan, who commanded the most advanced post, and
was nearest to the fort gate of Kittoor, during the latter part of
the siege, containing an account of some events not detailed in
my original dispatch, which, however, marks some difference as
to the mode in which the fort of Kittoor came into our posses-
sion, with which I was not acquainted at the tune my first letter
on the subject was dispatched from ramP•
I have the honour to be, &c.
CHARLES DEACON'.
CoMmanding before Kittoor, Dec. 8, 1824.
Slit--liaving heard a report that the fort of Kittoor had sur-
rendered by capitualation, I take the liberty to submit for the in-
formation of the officer commanding, that I advanced repeated.
1y close to the crest of the glacia, and according to the instruc-
tions of Lieutenant-Colonel Deacon, C.B. summoned the enemy
to surrender the fort, and to open the gates, that the troops
niight-take possesion, which I told them might be the means of
saving their lives. They repeatedly refused to open more than
the wicket for the admission of myself alone as theyhad done
once before, early in the morning, when receiving a note from
Colonel Deacon, to be guarded against treachery,,l effected my
retreat out of the fort. ,
- -

J. J. TREWMAN, Major, Commandinq advanced pql4:.
We are concerned' to mention the death of Ivir. Munroe, of
the Civil SerVice, frnin locked jaw, the consequence of the
wound he received. 4 Kittoor.

The total loss wa-i4 killed 'and 25 wounded-36 pieces of
artillery, captured 'from Captain Black, are included in the
return.

CALCUTTA, DEC. 6.

A detachment of Behgal Artillery, consisting of two compa-
nies, embarked this morning on board the Thetis, for China.
gong. The report of the Burmese having advanced in some
force at Ramoo gains ground, and we have heard it stated, that
the above detachment bad been ordered off in consequence, at
an earlier period than was originally intended.
Pirates hate made their appearance in the Straits between
Singapore and 31alacca.
DECEMBER f.

We have great pleasure in laying before our readers the -fol-
lowing extract of a letter from China, by the Glorioso, of date
the 28th October :

---“ECeri; thing here is going on quietly with the Chinese.—
The Lintin question has been entirely set at rest—the Chinese
themselves having given up every point. By the arrival of the
direct ships from England, Mr. Urmston, the chief of the Bri-
tish, factory, received accounts of his Majesty'having been gra-
ciously pleased to confer on him the honour of knighthood by
patent, for his conduct during the long and anxious discussion
in which he was engaged with the Chinese Authorities, relative
to the affairs of the Topaze frigate at Lintin. This will no.
doubt have a proper effect on the Chinese of all classes here, as
strewing them the British Authorities in this-quarter are sup-
ported in a just cause by their King and Country."
STAM.—Authentic accounts have been received of the death
of the King of Siam, after a short illness of five days.—
The day after his demise the Prince Kroina Chiat was pro-
claimed King without opposition ; his rival for the Crown
having, in despair of success, retired to a monastery seve-
ral months before his father's death. As soon as the new
King had ascended the Throne, he is said to have pub.
lished 'an Ordinance to the following effect :—That the foreign
merchants of all nations trading with Siam, should henceforth
have free admission to trade with any resident merchant of the
country, on the simple condition of paying the accustomed
duties. This determination is said to have met with no oppo-
sition on the part of the chiefs.
A letter frein Umrut Ser, dated the 30th 'October, informs us
that Runjeet Sing was nearly lost in attempting to cross a
river, on entering with the whole of his forCe the territory of
one of his refrahory Zemindars. The rapidity of the stream
carried him beyond his depth, and he was with difficulty saved.
The troops, in fording at the same time, were thrown into con-
fusion, and several hundred lives were lost, although every pos-
sible aid was rendered by those on the banks. A great quan-
tity of arms and Warlike stores were also lost. •

AGRICULTURAL REPORT
FOR THE COMITIES OF WORCESTER, STAF
FORD, AND SALOP, FOR APRIL, 1825. •

The orally parit of the month has been most
of the spring seed, which has been
favourable for tho,Wwing
got into the ground - under most auspicious circumstances, for
the lowing was no sooner completed in the early districts than
the mild and genial rains of April commenced ; so that this
year there will not be any second shoot Barley, which has been
the case for the seferal last seasons, and has tended to enhance
the price of the fine Malting Barley. Much of the strong land
remains for ploughing, as it could nor be stirred until the rain
,^Ame.—Potatoe planting is continued to a very great extent;
the preparation of the ground for this valuable and cleansing
root begins to be better understood, the great produce of Wheat
after Potatoes more than compensates for the extra rouble and
expence of planting and housing.—The Wheats look exceed-
ing well, and spread upon the earth equal to the farmer's most
sanguine expectations.—The Vetches are making rapid pro-
gress, and will conic in good time- for the cattle, as the Tur-
nips are running very fast—Hops generally turn from the hill
bald and strong; and although the frost at the beginning of
the month checked their growth and altered their colour, yet
the present mild rain has restored them, and given great en-
,-ouragement to the grower.—We are glad to see Lucerne and
Saintfoin culutre increasing among the farms -so much ; the
value of them not only as very early spring food, but also for
continued cutting throughout the summer and until late in the
autumn, renders them ir.v.alutbJx. We have seen some of
those plants injured by being sown too thick, four to six pounds
of seed per acre, when drilled, being quite sukhcient.—Mangel
Wurzel, Parsnips, and Carrots have improvad wonderfully
under the influence of the mild and genial rains, of the former
large quantities are now planting where formerly it was scarcely,
known ; we almost think it is the most useful root that the
farmer can cultivate, as it will keep until the roots of the next
year sown is fit to be got up.—The Apples and Pears exhibit
a most gratifying appearance, but the fickleness of these trees
prevents forming a very certain promise until after the month
of June.—lt has been the finest Lambing season known for
many years, and the Ewes not having suffered for want of food;
tatcgrowth of the Lambs has been corresponding. I

,
By the Countess of Iturcourt, just arrived from
Australia; accounts are received of the formation of a new settle-
ment on that extensive island. It appears that the Tamar
frigate, Captain BREMER, which had been dispatched from
Portsmouth early in last year, arrived at Port Jackson in
August, and after being refitted, sailed thence for the neigh.
bourhood of Port Essington, accompanied by the Countess
of Harcourt and the Lad!, Nelson colonial schooner, having
on hoard stores of every description, as also a detachment of
soldiers, under Captain Bannow, and a party of convicts.
On reaching their destination, a landing was effected With-
out any opposition; but, from a scarcity of water and other
necessaries,
it was deemed proper to select another spot a few
miles distant. The place then chosen is a beautiful level
country, which can be easily cleared, with plenty of wood, and
a river of eicellent fresh water. The stock of sheep, piss, ducks,.
&c. were landed, and culinary seeds of all descriptions set
in a luxuriant soil, many of which began to appear at the date
of the letters. A strong "fort was erected, on which some of
the guns belonging
to Tamar were mounted ; and on the
21st of October (the anniversary"of the victory of Trafalgar)
the 'English colours were hoisted, and a salute fired, accom-
panied by
the number of 100, and -endeavoured to oppose the necessary
three hearty cheers. The natives had assembled to
works carrying on. At one time they made an attack by
throwing their spears, notwithstanding every attempt at con-
ciliation had been adopted, by means of presents, &c. Con-
fident hopes were, however, entertained, that no further at-
tempts would be made, as they had already felt the force of
fire-arms. - The coasts on that part of the island were
unknown until surveyed by Capt. P. P. Kix G, in the Bathurst
surveying vessel, a few years since, from whose report it has
been selected, and will in time prove highly advantageous, as
the voyage from Sydney can be accomplished without much
difficulty. Captain Ban Low was left in the command, and
storehouses, with barracks for the soldiers and residences for
the officers, were being erected.

In reply to my last summons and threat to blow open the
gates by a fire from my 121 b. battery, close within their view,
they again decidedly refused to surrender. The defences over
and around the gates were at that time cidwded with armed
mea, and 1 had my guns loaded with canister, and pauted.at

From the LONDON GAZETTE, djiril 30.

carltan House, April 27, 1825.

The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of Knight-
hood on James Monk, Esq. latk Chief JUstiee of His Majesty's
Court of King's Bench in the district of Montreal, in the pro-
vince of Lower Canada, and a Member of His Majesty!! Exe-
cutiveand Legislative Councils of the said province.
The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of Knight-
hood also on Stephen Gaselee, Esq:, one of the Justices of His
Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

[This Gazette contains an account of the ceremonial of the
Investiture of A dinital Sir Edward Thornborough and Admiral
Sir Eliab llarvey, with the Ensigns a Knights Grand Crosses
of the Most honourable Military Order of the Bath.]

BA NK It PTS.- •
R. Halford, Prospect-place, Surrey, jeweller, to surrender
May 7, 14, June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-
street. Solicitors, Alessrs. Cousins and Hyde, Winchester-
street,- Old Broad-street.

J. Gough, bursley, Gloucestershire-, linen-draper, May 0,7,
June 11, at the Ham Inn, Gloucester.; Solicitors, Messrs Wil-
liams and .White, Lincoln's-inn.

Hart, Deptford, and W. Pittock, Dartford, brewers, May
7, 14,- June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street.
Solicitor, Mr. Mills, Hatton-garden.
J. Stanton, \Worcester, coal and timber-merchant, and Bir-
mingham, wine-merchant, May 13, 14; June 11, at the Little-
ton's Arms Inn, Penkridge, Staffordshire. Solicitor, Mr.
Wheeler, 'Lincoln's-inn-fields.
W. Anderson, Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire, clo-
thier, May 13, 14, June 11, at the Commercial-rooms, Bristol.
Solicitors, Messrs.
,Bourdillnn and . Hewitt Bread-street
Cheapside. • • • -
G. ,Meads, Bath, horse-dealer, May 9, 10, June ii, at the
White Lion Inn, Bath. Solicitor, Mr. -Makinson,. Middle
Temple. •
R. Crane, Liverpool, tailor, May 13, 19, June 11,- at the
Office of Mr. 3lawdesley, Liverpool. Solicitors, Messrs. Ro-
binson andlline. Charterhouse-square.
S. flen'oi, Brownlow-street, Holborn, tailor, May 7, 14,
June 11,• at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street, Solici-
tors, Messrs. Harvey and Wilson, Lincoln's-inn-fields.
T: Morris, Regent-street, Blackwall, carpenter, May 3, 17,
June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, lia.singliall-street. Solicitor,
Mr. Wells, London-street, Ratcliffe. . .
J. T. Quinlan and J. T. Stokes, Gronvenor-marlret, Hano-
ver-square, dyers. May 7, 21, June 11, at the Bankrupts'
Court, .Basinghall-street. Solicitors, 3lessrs. Allen, Gylby,
and Allen, Carlisle-street, Soho-square.
C. Sheppard, China-walk, Lambeth, leather-dresser, May
7, 14, June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinthall-stree•.
Solicitors, Messrs. Walker, Rankin, and Richards, Basing-
hall-street.

-'l% Lloyd, Wistanstow, Shropshire, timber-merchant, May
Ir, 12, June 11, at the Angel-mn, Ludlow.t Solicitor, Mr.
Lloyd, Furnival's-inn.
J..G. Young, Austinfriars, m..Tchant, May 7, 28, June 11,
at the Bankrupts' Court, 13asing::all-street. Solicitors, Messrs.
Van Sandau and Tindale, Dowgate-hill.
W. C. Wright, Paternoster.row, bookseller, May 7, 14,
June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street. Solicitors,
Messrs. Jay and Byles, Gray's-inn-place.
T. E. Martyr, Carshalton, Surrey, corn-merchant, May 10,
14, June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-stree►. Soli-
citor, Mr. Young, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house.
J. Shannon, Liverpool, merchant, May 16, 17, June 11, at
the office of Messrs. Keen, Stafford. Solicitors, Messrs. Wil-
liams and WhitF, Lincoln's-inn.

S. Coates, Halsted, Essex, plumber, May 9,10, June 11, at
the Three Cups Inn, Colchester. Solicitors, Messrs. Hall and
Thompson, Salter's-ball.
A. Moss, High street, Shadwell, elmseller, May 7, 10, June
11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street. • Solicitor, Mr.
Norton,Whitecross-street.__ _ _

J. Phillips, New-street, llorslydown. cheesemonger, May 7,
TO, June 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, BasingbalLstreet. Soli..
eltor, Mr. 13romiey, Copthall-court, Throgmorton-street.
V. L. Vantlermoolen, Castle-street, lloundsditat, warehouse-
man, May 7, 14, un e 11, at the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-
street. Solicitor, Mr, Norton, IVhiteeross-street.

,
G. Dare, Liverpool, grocer May 23, 24, June 11, at the
George-inn, Liverpool. Solicitor, Mr. Chester, Staple-inn.
R. Smith, Northampton. lace-dealer, May 1,_14, June 11, at:
the Bankrupts' Court, Basinghall-street. Solicitors, Messrs.
Fisher and Spencer, Walbrook-buildings, Wilbrook.
.J. Skaif, Leeds, drap!r, May 18, W,. Jundll, at theStar-
inn, 111anclieter. Solicitors, Messrs, Erns, Sons, Wiilmesley,
and Gorton, Chancery-lane.
_ _

DIVIDENDS.
May 28, C. Gardner, Mile-end-road, merehant—May 21,
B. Barge, Clifford-street, Bond-street, wine-merchant—May
28, J. Levi, Smith's-buildings, Goodman's-fields, feather-
merchant—May 28, W. Edwards, Chatham, Kent, linen-tiraper
—May 23, E. Needham, Macclesfield, ironmonger—flay 11, E.
Po well, Dover, miller—May 11, J. Durtnall, Dover, ironmonger
—May 26, H. Skaif, Whitby, Yorkshire, woollen-draper—May
28, J. Anderson, juhior, Whitby, Yorkshire, merchant—May
26, J. Beaumont, Wheathouse, Yorkshire; merchant-May
28, E. Glover,- Ilardshaw-within-Windle, Lancashire, shop-
keeper—May 21, W. D Hopkins, Dunster-court, Mincing-
lane, ship-broker—May 21, W. Cosser, Milbank-street, West-
niinster, timber-merchant—May 21, C. Sims, Crown-court,
Broad-street, merchant—May 21, J. Kirkham, High-street,
Saint Giles's, brewer—Nay 7, T. Smith, Hampton-wick,
Middlesex, merchant—May 10, W. Dann, T. and R. Ben-
tham, and J. Baike, Chatham and Sheerness, bankers—May
23, J. Jogger, East Stonehouse, Devonshire, stone-Mason—
May 21, G. Hagne, Kingston-upon-Hull, ItabZ4da.ther.
CERTIFICATES, MAY 21.
8.. Wainwright, Hereford, maltster--J. Walker, jun. Lam-
beth-walk, oven-builder—H. Scrivenor, sen. H. Scrivenor, jun.
and .1. Wilson, Kentish-buildings, Southwark, hop-factors—
T. Jarvis, Adderbury, Oxfordshire, fishmonger—H.. Hole,
Norwich, draper.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.. . •

The following, are extracts from the Fre►lcb
Papers of Friday. ' ..By them it appears that the
Turkish Government N determined to redouble
its efforts and put down the Greeks at once. It
appears too, the affairs of Greece have been under
consideration at St. Petersburgh, but no hint . 15
given as to the nature of the result. A para-
graph in the Etoile, dated Saturday, which alse
follows, confirms the news of the landing of the
Egyptains at illodon, and their defeat at Nava'
rino. The seige of Patras is going on, and on the
12th March, the Greeks captured a Ithodian vessel
which was attempting to carry supplies to t"
besieged :

W. and E. Davis, White Hart-street, Newgite-market,
meat-salesman—W. and S. Woodhead, City-road, stone-mer-
chants—J. Molineux and R. H. Clark, Love-lane, East-cheap,-
bottle-merchants—W. and N. Kimberley, ,Birmingham, War-
wickshire, builders—W. and G. Adnam, Brighthelmston,
Sussex, grocers—T. L. Blundell and. J. Dunlap, jun.,
Ewell, Surrey, surgeons—R. Robinson and 'J..F. Taylor,
IVillow-wharf, Bank Side, Southwark, colour-manufacturers—
C. Hannen 'and W. Burridge, Shaftesbury, Dorsetaltire,
attornies—W. Wilkinson, W. Bingham, and L. Barton,
Kimberley, Nottinghamshire, twist machine-makers--I. Cad-
dick and J.Waldron, Bilston, Staffordshire, varnish-Makers—
M. Leeson and J. North, Stamford, Lincolnshire, plumbers
R. T. Farside and T. White, jun., Peteiborough, Northamp-
tonshire, grocers—l. and S. J. Levi,- Old Broad-street, mer-
chants—W. Jones, W. Rigby, and T. Jones, Llwynnenion
and Aberderwin, Denbighshire, iron masters—T. Wood, jun.,
and J: Holdsworth, jun., Halifax, Yorkshire, woolstaplers—.
It. and J.,Palmer, Derby, gardetters—H. D: Broughton, J.
Sutton, W. Furnival, A. Law, and J. Craig, Lawton Rough.
wood, Middlewich, -Wheelock, Cheshire, and Shirleywich,
Staffordshire, and Anderton and Not thwich, 'Cheshire
--T. A. Howion' -and G. L. - Giles, Janie.s:street,
Covent-garden, .surgeons—E.- Wood and J. Greenwood,
BoltOn-le-Moors, Lancashire, ,cotton-spinners—J. .-and A.
Petrie, Sy, ke-Foundery, Lancashire, iron-founders—C. Devaux
and J. Franceschini, Fenchurch.street, merchants—W.Sothern
and J. Bly, Liverpool, painters—J. F. Street and It. Read,
Budge-row, stationers—J. Bates and S. Winks, Manchester,
colico-printers— M. A. Harrison and A: 11.- Crampton, Sleaford,
Lincolnshire, dress-makers—T. Eames and J. Quick, Ply-
mouth, corn-merchants—G. Marsland and E. Ford, Newcastle.
Under-Lyme, mercers.

late Easter rbeFe
been
i ris
hseellelar
first since a I i
thatt.— theT.heardthtfo'
complain. However difficult it may be to make a tradesman
confess that he is content with his gains, it was impossible to
Saxon, and Swiss goods had increased ; and lastly,
conceal that large profits Were made from wool; that the prices
F it A N WYlooll3tgTtFimAe
of
fiat English,leathe was in great demand : cloths were by no means so
much in request. Gold trinkets were very much in demand,
and in this branch the jewellers had an assortment of very
tasteful articles : the sale proves that they continue more and
more to obtain the preference to those of base metal, which in
large towns are used only by the lower class. The next
autumnal fair promises to be equally favourable to the retail
dealers.

The Frankfort Papers received yesterday
state, that a plan is in contemplation- to unite the Lakes of
Geneva and Neufchatel, and consequently to open a communi-
cation by water between France and Switzerland, the German.
Banks of the Rhine, and Holland. The Lake of Geneva is
connected, by means of the Rhine, with the Meelitevanean—
and the Lake of Neuchatel with the North Sea, by means of the
Thiele, the Aar, and the Rhone. But the lakes are separated
by a tract of country only three good leagues across. T. ac-
complish the object, therefore, it would be required to dig a
canal between the two lakes, and to make the Rhone and the
Aar navigable in some places. This work was resolved upon
so long ago as the 27th September, 1803, in Napoleon's Act of

(From the Etoik, dated, Friday.)
We have received letters from Constantinople of the Zit"
March. The Turkish Government is no longer ignorant that
the affairs of Greece have been discussed in the Conferences of
St. Petersburgh. It desires, therefore, to redouble its elfcetg'
and settle the question by a decisive blow; but we shall se:
whether circumstances will answer its intentions. The crew
of the fleet which was fitted' out at Constantinople are ip
pitiable state. As to the Greeks, they know that thi: camPa'g
must secure their independence ; and the disposition of 8i1.4",:
land towards, them can only inspire increased confidence ;
sides, it is not the arms of the barbarians that they dread, bill'',
the intrigues which have been carried on amongst them for t
last year by agents of every description. tlje
Turks Captain
b y theD la m a
Orientalnti ti who
Spectator,iv a's saidi)
has
so
surprised
ispasseded
th
eo over
rtTurdo st
Polo, and burnt all their magazines, valued at three Milli°
of piastres.

( From the Etoile, dated Saturday, -April 30.) 111 •'"
Letters from Corfu, of 26th March.TcnoinfisrmTE-;'heAnPenwisr'w4l:cairt
we have before received of the landing of the EgyPtiaris re
Modon, and of their defeat at Navarino. The particulars weof
brought to Corfu by an English brig, which was still in sight.,,
hlodon on the 24th March.' - The Captain affirms the rernalt",„
of.the Egyptian corps are blockaded in Modon by 6,000 Gree;to
Part of the Egyptian transports is dispersed or has fallen 14,
the hands of the Christians, and a division of 26 Greek.vesseiie
commanded by Sachtury, is cruising off illodon to' watch t
motions of the Egyptian fleet.
The siege. of Patras. is carried on under the direction, of
letti, Mavrocordato, and Conduriotti, who have assembleV:
formidable force. Though some supplies have been throvilflead
the place, there is still so great a scarcity that an oca of Theo,
costs 31 piastres. On the 12th of March, a vessel from 11,11°„ by
laden with provisions, attempting to enter Patras, was taken
the Greeks.—( Augsburg Gazette.) ;„n th°
It is affirmed that the King will set out for Comp e'b- till
day after the Whitsun 'Holidays, that be will remain thereA by
the 27th, when he will go to sleep at Fismes, accomppante'tind
the Dauphin—that the Dauphiness, the Duchess of Berril,looo.
their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Prinmses of the 'bree
will go to Rheims, and will stop at Tinqueaux, a village 4 will
quarters of a leagte from this city, where his grand suite re.
be formed. The Dukes of Orleans and Bourbon will ha,sle,nea
paired to Rheims. The road from Tinqueaux will be 01.1(4-
with triumphal arches. tbe
It is also said, that the Cardinal de la Fare will pree„c,"tate
sermon the day before the Coronation, and that this .r -,-;orts
and Cardinal Clermont-Tonnerre will' have specaianldftu:::::
about the King's person at the Coronation ; that the AttS'ier-
Duke of Conegliano will represent the Constable ; that
,3 the
shah the Count de .Jourdan. the Duke of Dalmatia, sn',',„del
Duke of Treviso, will bear the' crown, the sceptre,'
of justice; four Knights of the Orders will bear the area
which will be presented at the altar by the King. ;one°
His Majesty has just granted to M. Casimir Delav'D
pension of 1200 francs in the Civil List. in th°
The success of the law of the Rentes
• LIPP
Chamber of Peers is thus 'announced In •
