IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, SEPTEMBER 10.

Parliament was this day prorogued by his Majesty in per.
son, the session, which commenced on the 19th of February
last, having been protracted to the unusual extent of pre-
cisely seven months.
The attendance of ladies was not near so numerous as we
have been accustomed to witness on similar occasions—a cir-
cumstance to the production of which the lateness of the
season and the cold and uncomfortable state of the weather
must have greatly contributed.
At one o'clock Lord DENMAN sat as Speaker.
Prayers were read by the Bishop of BRISTOL.
Amongst the Peers who had assembled, we observed the
Duke of Buccleuch, the Marquises of Ormonde and Chol-
moadeley ; the Earls of Roden, Rosslyn, Devon, Shaftesbury,
Leitrim, Denbigh, and Minto ; Viscounts Melbourne, Dun-
cannon, and Canterbury ; and Lords Wharncliffe, Fitzgerald,
Lyndhurst, Teynham, Strafford, Glenelg, and Auckland.
A great number of the foreign Ministers were stationed
immediately behind the Treasury Bench.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions from a parish in'
Somersetshire against any measure that would have the effect
of dividing the united Church of England arid Ireland ; from
Mr. Robert Hall, of Norfolk-street, Strand, to the same effect;
from Drogheda, against the Irish Municipal Corporations Bill;
and from the guild of St. John the Baptist, Dublin, praying
their Lordships to preserve the Protestant religion in Ireland,
and not to sanction any measure that would be the means of
destroying the union between the two countries.
At a quarter before two o'clock the discharge of artillery
and the clangour of the trumpets announced the approach of
his Majesty, who entered the House, attended by the us'ial
cortege. Viscount Melbourne bore the Sword of State, the
Earl of Shaftesbury the Cup of Maintenance. -
The Commons were immediately summoned to attend ; and
the Speaker, accompanied by a considerable number of Mem-
bers, soon after appeared at the bar.
The SPEAKER delivered himself to the following effect :
" May it please your Majesty, we, your Majesty's faithful
Commons, attend in obedience to your Majesty's commands,
at the close of this unusually protracted Session—a Session,
also, of no common or ordinary circumstances. Your
Majesty, in opening this Session, was graciously pleased to
say, that the estimates, which your Majesty had been graci-
ously pleased to direct to be laid before the House of Com-
mons, were lower in amount than on any former occasion
within your Majesty's experience. The estimates still con-
tinue to bear the same character, evincing a general and
sincere desire to advance in a steady and progressive
manner the promotion of economy, so 'far as that object
may be effected without impairing the efficiency of the
public service, towards which the most anxious attention has
been directed. Arrangements—in consequence of that gene-
rous and noble act, the abolition of slavery—have rendered it
necessary to effect a loan of 15,000,000 L, to afford that com-
pensation which was to be awarded to the owners of slaves;
and it is most consolatory and gratifying to state, that this loan
was formed under circumstances and on terms which afford
fresh proof of the stability and prosperity of the credit of the
empire. Unhappily, Sire, the condition of Ireland has not
been such as to make it expedient to leave the people of that
portion of the empire the unrestricted benefits of a free Con-
stitution. An' Act has therefore been passed, by which pro-
vision is made for the prompt trial and punishment of parties
in cases where disturbances occur, and powers have been
granted, authorizing strong measures to be adopted in places
where an infraction of the peace of the country has been com-
mitted. A measure thus uniting moderate provisions with a
vigorous enforcement of the law may reasonably be expected
to be efficient in commanding general respect, because its pro-
visions are drawn up with due consideration for those against
whom they may be directed, and because, being conceived in
a mild but firm spirit and temper, they are the better calcu-
lated to preserve the peace of the country. The means of im-
proving the municipal corporations of England and Wales—of
establishing an efficient police—and of reforming proper local
courts, have occupied much time, and we have studied, with
unwearied attention, how we could most successfully adopt a
plan suited to the increased intelligence, wealth, and numbers
of the people, how they might most beneficially exercise
the right of popular election, secure the services of those who
were best qualified for the performance of public duties, and
provide for the impartial administration of justice, the main-
tenance of order, and the enforcement of the law. These are
amongst the great questions considered by us in the course of
this long Session, and your Majesty's faithful Commons will
be amply repaid for their protracted arid laborious exertions if
their deliberaticins have conduced to the real contentment of
the people, and to the renewed vigour and permanent security
and establishment of the important and invaluable institutions
of the country. I now, on the part of your Majesty's faithful
Commons, present your Majesty with the last Bill of the Ses-
sion. It is entitled An Act to apply a sum of money out
of the Consolidated Fund, and the surplus of the ways and
means, to the service of the year 1/335, and to appropriate the
supply granted in the present Session of Parliament,' to which,
we, with all humility pray your Majesty's Royal assent."
The Appropriation Bill, the Capital Punishments Bill, the
Fines and Recoveries Bill, the Letters Patent Bill, and the
Grand Juries (Ireland) Bill, then received the Royal assent
in the usual form.

His MAJESTY (who looked remarkably well, healthy, and
ruddy) then delivered his most gracious Speech to both Houses
of Parliament, which we gave yesterday.
The LARD SPEAKER (Lord DENMAN), by his Majesty's
command, then► said—

" My Lords and Gentlemen,
"It is his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, that this Par-
liament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 10th of November next,
to be then here holden ; and this Parliament is accordingly
prorogued to Tuesday, the 10th of November next."

HOUSE OF COMMONS, SEPTEMBER 10.
The gallery was not opened till 20 minutes past 1 o'clock.
On our entrance, we found
Mr. F. SHAW presenting a petition from Malallide in fa-
vour of the Church of Ireland.

MALT DUIES.
Mr. BLAMIRE presented \petiTlions from five districts in
Cumberland, all having the same object, viz., to call the atten-
tion of the House and the Government to the impolicy and the
injustice of the restrictions on the process of making malt,
and praying the House not to separate, or to allow another
session to commence, without affording relief. He had every
reason to hope that, during the recess, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer would turn his attention to the subject, and if sa-
tisfied, would afford relief without delay.
Mr. PUSE Y presented a petition from Berkshire to the
same effect.

Mr, AGLIONBY supported the prayers of the petitions,
which were then laid on the table

TIMBER DUTIES.
Mr. G. F. YOUNG presented a petition from William
Tindal, the Chairman of the Shipowners' Society, praying
that House not is sanction the recommendations of the
Committee upon the Timber-duties. The petitioner stated,
and he (Mr. Young) was sorry to be able to confirm him, that
the depression and difficulties of the shipping interest continued
unabated, and it was his firm conviction that if the recommen-
dations of the Committee were adopted, the result would be
the displacement of British tonnage, and the throwing many
of our seamen out of employ. In these sentiments ho most
fully concurred.
Mr. BLACKBURNE presented a petition from the Re-
corder of Lancaster, complaining of the Corporation Commie.

1 that lie had been very cruelly treated. As a Member of that
Committee he (Dr. Bowring) assserted that the close of
the Committee was most abrupt and precipitate; and
be complained that the proceedings of that Committee
had been hermetically sealed to the public by an Honourable
Member exercising his privilege of exclusion. lie complained
also that no means had been taken by the Committee to obtain
evidence, nor were those witnesses who were in attendance
called. He declared that he would never again consent to be
a Member of any Committee or tribnnal, the proceedings of
which were secret.--( Hear.)
Lord DUDLEY ST UA RT defended the conduct of the
Committee, and stated that evidence enough had been re-
ceived to show that General Darling was not cognizant of the
ill-treatment to which the soldiers, as -it had been al-
leged, were subjected. The Committee was perfectly
justified in closing their labours, and assuming that there was
no farther evidence, as the gentleman who conducted the case
stated to the Committee that he had no more evidence to
bring forward.
_ _

i%tr. WAKLEY said, on the last day an amendment was
proposed and rejected—the Report was then agreed to, but
subsequently when many Members had left the Room, the
Report was amended by the addition of two paragraphs.
Mr. SHAW thought it was exceedingly improper to bring
forward such a subject in the absence of the parties interested.
Mr. FRE SHFIELD defended the conduct of the Com-
mittee. They were not obliged to wait for the attendance of
Members, there being a full attendance of Members to conduct
the business.

Mr. AGLIONBY contended that the functions of the
, Committee ceased when the Report was agreed to; the ad-
ditions made subsequently were not done by the Committee.
Mr. WA KLE Y presented a petition from Chichester, and
from Kingston, praying for a full commutation of the punish-
ment of the Dorchester labourers; also one from St. Andrew's,
Holborn, for annual Parliaments, vote by ballot, and universal
suffrage. As the trade had now been taken up by some per-
sons very near that House, he would rest upon his oars.—
( Laughter.)
Mr. RUTHVEN gave notice for next Session, that he
would move for a Committee to inquire into the law of Joint
Stock Companies, and the law of salvage in Ireland.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL gave notice, that very
early next session, he would move for leave to bring in a Bill
for the purpose of abolishing Imprisonment fer Debt, unless
there was a prospect of the former one being brought in in an-
other House.

Mr. S. RICE had formerly presented a petition for the re-
lief of the civil disabilities of the Jews—he had not been able
to comment upon it, but he hoped he would be able to bring
the matter forward, in the next session.
Colonel PERCE VAL wished to take that public oppor-
tunity of withdrawing certain charges he had made upon Dr.
Foley, a Roman Catholic clergyman of Dingle—he was now
assured that his information was wrong.
The Deputy Black Rod then appeared, and commanded the
immediate attendance of the House in the House of Peers.
At about a quarter of an hour the SPEAKER returned, and
taking his seat at the table read his Majesty's most gracious
Speech, the Members standing in the meanwhile, and having
concluded, the Members severally shook hands with the Right
Hon. Gentleman, and immediately left the House.
