notion. Since he had had the honour of a seat in that
[louse, he bad thought it his duty on all occasions to re-
•nmenend to the attention of the House an inquiry into the
,ondition of the productive, the middle, and lower classes
,f the community. All the arguments and statements,
,owever, not only of himself, and of those more able than
himself, had induced the House to adopt that course, though
hey had accumumulating miseries for 18 years. He knew
not if he could recommend that enquiry by other argu-
asents than had been before urged, but he must say that
-hose arguments had now the testimony of time and
.xperience, and the conviction that this country
had long been governed by a mistaken policy.—
It was with a confidence not previously felt on occasions
of this sort, and with a better hope for the country, that
he would propose the motion with which he should have
the honour to conclud. He recognized in the present
House of Commons a leody more disposed to act indivi-
nn their own private judgments as it should appear to
them the good of the country required them to vote than
any other body that had ever assembled in that House.
In former Parliaments there was a disposition very ex-
tensively prevalent among Members to surrender not their
vote but their judgment also to the leaders of that House.
Bat that system was now extinct; and a feeling of re-
sponsibility aubsisaed between Members and their con-
stituents. That consideration bore on the proposition
which he would conclude by proposing The great
leaders of parties in that House had always heard with
great reluctance any statements relating to the calamities
or distress of the country, and especially whea conuecred
_with .04e monetary srtem—because those evils had origi-
nated in their misgovernment,'' and, their measures
adopted with precipitancy, and greater error and °ppm-
Aion had led to the evils which they were much disinclined
to hear stated in that House. With these observa-
tions he would proceed to state what the condition
of the country was, which he should establish before
a Committee, and which demanded an investigation

ol the part of Governmet t. He would, however, previ-
ously refer very briefly to some of the grounds on which
this enquiry had hitherto been objected to. No state of
distress which had existed for the last 18 years, however
severe, and however generally acknowledged to prevail,
had ever been listened to with attention. Hon. Members
immediately got up, and by reading a little they took from
their pockets, endeavhured to contradict the universally
acknowledged fact of prevalent distra•s. Besides, the Hon.
Member for Essex was seldom backward in bearing
his testimony against exisiting districts, and intimating
that if only the Bank and East India Charter were settled
satisfactorily, there would be general national prosperity.
—( Hear, and a laugh.) Besides, Ministers were always
ready to bring forward Excise, Custom-house, and Ex-
chequer accounts, for the purpose of showing how much
was exported—how much was imported, and that i❑
fact no distrers existed. He must be ailowed to say
that no Government had ever used those documente fairly.
He would advert to a single instance to show how careful
the House should he in relying upon such statements as
were sometimes made. A statement was made upon a
circumstance similar to the present, in which it was set
down, in proof of the increasing prosperity of the wine
trade, that the number of wine merchants, according to the
licenses granted, had doubled within a short period ; whilst
the fact was, that the quantity of wine consumed in the
same period had actually diminished. When such state-
tnents as those were made in the House, and influenced
its decision, they could not but excite in the country the
utmost amazement and indignation. The Nohlt Lord had
admitted that there was it great pressure of distress
in the country ; and the Noble Lord at the head of his
Majesty's Government hand some time since avowed that
it was not enough that there should exist no ex'reme dis-
tress in the country, after a reasonable period of peace,
but that, if the country were not absolutely in a prospes
Iterous condition, it was the duty of a Government to
search into every particular circumstance, and to b.-
come fully acquainted with the whole condition of
the country—( Hear, hear)—to know fully why distress
instead of prosuerity prevailed.—(Hear, hear.) Some
time before the Noble Lord came down with his budget, a
respectable deputation had waited upon his Lord.
ship, consisting chiefly, if not entirely, of the
thrading class, and pressed upon him the ne-
cessity of repealing the assessed taxes ;- and they were met
by the expression of a design on the part of the
Noble Lord, that no motion should be brought forward on
that subject before the Budget was opened. These parties
would naturally have expected that the Budget would hare
relieved them of these taxes ; but their plea of the
necessity of an immediate repeal, to prevent the bank-
ruptcy of shopkeepers, was met by a statement
from the Noble Lord that without the continuance of
these taxes, faith could n•t be kept with the
public creditor. From the financial statement of the
Noble Lord, it was shown that there was only the insigni-
cant sum of 200,0001. towards reducing the national debt.
What, he would ask the champions of public faith, would
this do? How, he would even a-k, were the Exche-
Tier Bills already issued to be returned ?—( Hear, hear.)
He would go back to the state of the revenue when the
people of this country paid 78 millions in taxation, and if
he showed to the House that at that preiod 18 millions of
population paid that tax easily, and that 24 mililions could
not do it sow, he trusted the H 'use would at once accede
to his motion. In 1815 the people had seventy-eight
millions ; in 1814, seventy-seven millions, casting aside
every description of loan, but in 1832 24 million.
could not pay without difficulty 50 millions, according to
the statement of the Noble Lord opposite.—(Hear.) He
should be content to rest his motion on that fact alone.
He would appeal to every Member of the Mouse. whether
(LEFT SPEAKING. )

HOUSE Ol,' LORDS.
On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his seat on the
wo,ilsack a few minutes before five o'clock,
Mr. KENNEDY and others brought up the Scotch Ex-
chequer Bill, a Bill for making a railway from Warrington
and Birmingham, and the Pilots in Ireland Bill.
The Eatl of RADNOR presented a petition from Rom-
ney, in Kent, for the abolition of slavery.
The Bishop of GLOUCESTER presented several peti-
tions from Gloucestershire, praying for the better observ•
ance of the Sabbath.
The Duke of GORDON presented petitions against
slavery, and for the better observance of the Sabbath, from
several places. Also a petition from the University of
Aberdeen against the Apothecaries' Act.
A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from St. James's,
Westminster, for the repeal of the house and window tax.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions from nume-
rous places, for the abolition of slavery, and for the better
observance of the Sabbath.
Lord POLTIMORE presented petitions from Oak-
liampton for the abolition of slavery and the better obser-
vance
of the Sabbath.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY presented petitions fiotn
Haddington against church patronage.
The Marquis of SLIGO presented a petition from Ash-
ford, in Hertfordshire, for the abolition of slavery.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions to toe
same effect from Sherburne and Bognor.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH presented a petition from
E. Fowler, an individual who bad brought actions
against one of the present Members for Stafford, against
the Stafford Bribery Bill.
Earl GREY presented petitions praying for the aboli-
tion of negro slavery.
NEGRO SLAVERY.

Lord SUFFIELD stated that he had about 50 petitions
to present for the abolition of colonial slavery, but before
he did so he wished to make a few observations. The
House would recollect that shortly before the recess he
alluded to certain rumours that were spread abroad of its
being the intention of his Maj-sty's Government to bring
fi.rward some measure for the entire and total emancipation
of the slaves. He represented to the House at
the time the consternation he felt at such
rumours, and he predicted that the cunst,rnation which
influenced his mind, would be felt throughout the coun-
ity. He had been a true prophet. Meetings were
held in every part of Great Britain and Ireland, attended
by hundreds and thousands of persons, who appointed
LEFT SPRAYING.

A broken-down cab being left, for a short
time, at the corner of the street, a wag contrived to
erase the wor,l " safety," which had been painted upon
it, and inscribed in chalk " The Surgven's D light."

We understand that the Right Hon. Sir
HENRY PARNKLL has been imanimousi elected by the town
of Dundee as their reprraentative in Parliament, in the
morn of the late Mr. KlN►,ocn, of Kinhach.—Edinburyh
Evening Courant. T 1•
