a Conservative force, inadequate for the purposes of a
Minister, though terrible as an Opposition, was returned.
The resignation of Sir R. Peel left the House of
Commons thus distributed :--Conservatives a little
more than 800 ; Radicals, about 180 ; Whigs reduced
by the election to 150 ; Floaters, 20 or 30. The
Whigs were therefore the feeblest of the three great
parties whereof the House consisted, in numbers de-
cidedly, but below all comparison as to talent. What
then could have possessed the leaders of such a band
to flatter themselves that they could carry on the Go-
vernment of this realm ? Infinite folly, or deliberate
profligacy. They exchanged the folly for the profli-
gacy. They saw that they could not hold the Go-
vernment on Whig principles—that is, on their own
professed principles. Then they had three courses
before them—first, to acquiesce in the rejection which,
as a party, they had experienced at the hands of the
constituency, and leave their two more powerful rivals
to contend for the prize of empire which they had for-
feited ; second, to combine with Sir Robert Peel for
the accomplishment of so much of sound and rational re-
form in Church and State as should be consistent with the
maintenance of thosegreat institutions; third,to unite with
the English Radicals in their headlong eagerness for a
degree of change which should amount to a super-
cession of the Monarchy by Republican experiments,
and with the Irish Papists and Repealers in the
adoption of schemes for the subversion of religious
liberty by the oppression of the Protestant Church,
and of civil rights, and British dominion, by the estab-
lishment of a local democratic despotism in Ireland.
The low-minded Whig faction preferred the latter
course. It was sheer wickedness. From spleen and
spite, and personal animosity, they eschewed a consti-
tutional alliance with Sir Robert Peel. From dis,
regard of all principle—from depraved rapacity—they
kneeled in the dirt to obtain a revolutionary alliance
with O'Connell, Hume, and other conspirators against
the British monarchy. For a mess of pottage they
have sold their own birthright and ours. But thinks
Lord Melbourne (if he thinks at all) that a blessing
will follow such vile improvidence ? Where, to use
the ill-applied words of Mr. Sheil to Lord Stanley,
" Where is his Lordship now :?" We will resume
this question, and show the Prime Minister " where"
his own declarations, taken in context with the recent
ones of Mr. O'Connell, have placed him and his un-
fortunate colleagues of the Whig faction—what, upon
their own admission, are the prospects entailed upon
this country by their continuance in office.—Times.

There is something in the very nature of Toryism
incompatible with the higher and loftier feelings of
human nature. The Tories are a class by themselves.
They have no sympathy with the rest of mankind.
The commission of crime, if the offenders belong not
to their own faction, excites no regret in their minds.
Witness the feelings with which they regard the out-
rages which have unhappily been perpetrated within
the last few weeks in Ireland. As an evening paper of
last night justly remarks, they exultingly point to
every new manifestation of outrage or violence in that
country. We had thought that outrages against one's
property or person were, under any circumstances, to
be deplored and deprecated. Not so think the Tories.
If the circumstance be only supposed to assist in
propping up for a little their falling cause, it throws
them into perfect ecstasies. The outrages in Ire-
land will not be even of this little service to them.
They have no connection whatever with the Govern-
ment of Lord Mulgrave, .though the Tories are
labouring with all their might to trace their origin to
that Government. Instead of the Executive in Ire-
land being the cause of the existing turbulence in that
country, it is to the fact of our having such a Govern-
ment that it is not at this moment in a state of re-
bellion from one end of it to the other. Let Lord
Mulgrave be supplanted by a Tory Lord Lieutenant,
and in one short week seven millions of Irishmen would
be in open arms. And well do the Tories know this.
There is not a man amongst them who, if he had the
offer made to him, would at this time undertake the
functions of the Lord Lieutenancy of that country.
The Tories, as we have just said, endeavour to lay
the present outrages in Ireland at the door of the Mel-
bourne Administration. They should look at home.
They are themselves the authors of the riots and vio-
lence which occur in that country. By their rejection
of the Tithe Bill of the last two sessions of Parlia-
ment they have imposed on the Clergy the frightful
alternative of either starving themselves, and seeing
their wives and families perishing of hunger around
them, or of enforcing the payment of tithes at the point
of the bayonet. And yet they have the surpassing effron-
tery to turn round and endeavour to fasten the blame of
• the present outrages on the Government of Lord Mel-
bourne. The thing, however, is too palpable to impose on
any one. There is not a man in the country who is not
persuaded that that Government is at this moment the
greatest blessing which could be bestowed on the sister
island. It is it alone that prevents the population
from rising openly from one extremity of the island to
the other. The Irish are, as a people, patient and
peaceable under their manifold wrongs, because they
have confidence in the intentions of Lord Melbourne,
and because they expect ere long to see their Orange
oppressors deprived of all power of inflicting further
injury on them. They will not be disappointed ; a
little more patient endurance, and their expectations will
be fully realised.—Morning Advertiser.

The United States of America used to be held up
to the world as the model Republic" of modern
times. Many and many a trader in popular agitation
in this country, assuming to himself the much-abused
style and title of " patriot," has pointed to the demo-
cratic Government of America as something infinitely
preferable to our mixed Constitution, in which the
three powers of King, Lords, and Commons, act as
mutual restraints and checks upon each other. Such
patriots" would " reform" our Constitution by de-
priving the House of Lords of its independence, as
one of the co-ordinate estates of the Legislature, and
by cutting down the ancient Crown of the British mo-
narchy to the dimensions of a President's cap—that so
all restraint upon the popular will might be removed,
and England be delivered over to the tender mercies
of a pure and absolute democracy ! The British
Constitution—not a paper Constitution of speculative
politicians or crazy philosophers—has, like the British
oak, sprung from the soil, and stood the storms of
centuries—striking its roots deeper into its native earth,
and growing in majesty and grandeur as the Govern-
ments of neighbouring nations have been shattered
and overthrown. The American system of Govern-
ment has scarcely numbered the years of half a cen-
tury, and already strong indications have been af-
forded of the instability of this specimen of democratic
excellence. A Government under which a mob, whe-
ther well-dressed, or in the aborigninal condition of
sans-culottes, it makes, no difference, can take the exc-

cution of the laws into its own hands—can mock the

established tribunals of justice by arraigning the vic-
tims of their displeasure as criminals before themselves,
and then, descending from the revolutionary judgment-
seat, perform the part of executioners, by torturinp,
and handingthe objects of their vengeance, or burn-
ing them before slow fires—a Government, we, say,
under which such things can be clone by the mob, and
done unpunished and unreproved by the legitimate au-
thority of the State, does not promise a long endu-
rance. The passions which it cherishes, or at least
which there is no power within itself to repress, must
eventually work its destruction. If the Government
cannot put down the anarchy of the " Lynch " mobs,
and punish the horrible crimes which they commit, in
defence
of the system of neffro-slavery, and its
and blood I 6
abomi-
nations, it will itself be put down by the democratic licen-
tiousness which il; allows to revel in the' work of cruelty
causedlnocrats
the Lyneli democrats In addition to the many atrocities that
have lately
o of
A humanityin
et
roi
csab, shudder daeprpaeta
outrageous conservators rthes that doings
those of
of slavery have lately been
engaged in the furious persecution of an Editor of a
philanthropic Journal,
who has endeavoured to awaken
the moral sense of those "ultra-Liberals" to a con-
ciousness of the V erimina ity of enslaving their black-
skinned fellow-creatures, and tre •
atma them as the cat-
tle of the field. The account which a New York
Paper(rives of the fanatic and
c, inhuman proceeding of
the democrats on that occasion, ought to be perused
by all those who have been misled into the notion that
America, without a King or a House of Lords, is
really the land of liberty. If _liberty consist in ' the mob
having the power to murder the citizens of a ~ free
