SPORTING- INTELLitiEzNtiu.

CHEI.TENHAM RA CE S.- TVpfIyEIDA
The Sherborne Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 30 added from the futßl,
for all ages. To be handieapped by .pie Stewards, to whom they
may anoint. Otte Mile:
of beaufort na. Magician, 4 yrs .
Mr. Isaac Sadler na Nell Gwynne, aged
The following also started, but were not placed J. J.
Bristow's Pagoda, 6 yrs ; Mr. J. Day's The Skater, 4 yrs ; Mr. W.
Hervey's Jangler, 3 yes ; anl Mr. E. Jones's Decider, 3 yrs. Won
by a head.

..Pav is I

landicap Sweepstakes of 5 sus. each, h. ft., with 30 added.
Heats, one mile and three quarters.
Griffiths's Rambler, 6 yrs
B. Collett's Neil Gwynne, aged

Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.

Paris 1 1
3 2

2 dis
4 dr

Parr's Mainsail, 5 yrs
Bryan's Lochinvar, aged
Won easy.
Sweepstakes of 5 sou. each, with 30 added from the fund, for horses
that never won 100/. at any one time before the day of nomina-
tion ; three years old, ist. ; four, Bst. 71b. ; five, Ost. 51b. ; six,
9st. 121 b. ; and aged, lOst. ; the winner of 1001., at any time
previous to the day of starting, to carry 51b. extra; mars and
geldings allowed 31b.. Two miles.
Mr. Fowler's hr. c. Heron, 4 yrs Calloway 1
Mr. Gardnor's Magician, 4
yrs
Mr. Bristow's br. c. Doctor Slop, 4 yrs 3
Mr. 'W. Hervey's b. c. Jangler, by Wrangler, 3 yrs .
Mr. Isaac Day's Railroad, 4 yrs
Won by half a length.
Handicap Sweepstakes of 5 sous. each, 2 ft., with 20 added.
Heats, one mile.
Colonel Peel's Castaway, 5 yrs Pavis 1 1
Mr. E. Griffiths's ch. c. by Bobadil, 3 yrs ..
Mr. B. Davies's Merry Lass, 4 yrs
Mr. Bryan's Lochinvar, aged...
Won very dasily.

It is rumoured at the political club-houses that her
Majesty will prorogue Parliament by commission on the 20th
inst., and open the session of the new one with great splendour
early in November.
The Marquis of Camden will leave town in a few
days for the Wilderness, his scat in Kent. The grand enter-
tainment by the Noble Marquis to the Duke of Wellington,
Lord Lyndhurst, Sir Robert Peel, Bart., Archbishops of Can.
terbury and York, &c., will take place early in the ensuing
month.
The Archbishop of York and family have left their
town mansion, in Grosvenor-square, for Nuncham, the scat of
Mr. G. and Lady Elizabeth Harcourt, in Oxfordshire.
CHANGES.—The Earl and Countess Carrick, from
their seat in the county Kilkenny, for East Dunmore ; the
Earl and Countess of Bradford, from Chester Hall, Stafford-
shire, for the Windermere ; the Earl O'Neill at Shane Castle,
his scat in Ireland, from Richmond, Surrey; the Earl of
Clare at Mount Shannon, from Dublin ; Lady Harriet Clive
and the Hon. Misses Clive, at their seat }Jewell, near Brooms-
grove, Worcestershire, from Leamington Spa ; Ladies A. and
and H. B.rnard, in Wales, from Cheltenham.
The Comte Pepoli had a matinee musicale yester-
day, followed by improvisation in Italian verse.
The Hon. Mrs. Meade had a musical party last
evening in Bryanston-square.
The Duke and Duchess of Sutherland gave a
sumptuous dinner at Stafford House last evening to Princess
Lieven, Prince Paul Lieven, the Duchess Countess of
Sutherland, the Countess of Carlisle, Lord Hatherton, Count
Pahlen.
Lord and Lady Stanley gave a sumptuous dinner
last evening in Carlton-gardens to Earl Grey and Lady
Georgians Grey, the Marquis and Marchioness of Tavistock,
Lady Caroline Stanhope, the Earl and Countess of Charle-
mont, Viscount and Viscountess Acheson, the Earl of Ripon,
Lord Ebrington, and Mr. Wood.
Madame Ferlotti, Mademoiselle Assandri, Signors
Puzzi, L'Anglais, and Perugini, performed at Captain and
Mrs. Mathew's party on Tuesday.
The Prince and Princess of Schonburg and suite
arrived at the Brunswick Hotel, Jermyn-street, yesterday,

from Paris.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Carmarthen left
the Clarendon Hotel yesterday on a tour. The Ducheas of
Leeds, his Lordship's noble mother, called to take leave.
Sir Robert Peel is recovering from a severe at-
tack of rheumatism. The Right Hon. Baronet was able yes-
terday and the day preceding to take an airing in his car-
riage ; but he is not expected to attend Parliament again
during the present session.
The Bishop of Lincoln has placed the vacant pre-
bend of St. Botolph, in the cathedral church of Lincoln, at
the disposal of the Church Commissioners.
A strong muster of the City of London Reform
Club took place yesterday at their office in Basinghall-street,
John Travers, Esq., in the chair, when it was unanimously de-
termined that the office, books, papers, and general establish-
ment of that influential body should be devoted to election pur-
poses in aid of the return of Messrs. Wood, Grote, Pattison,
and Crawford. From the full attendance and the very ener-
getic spirit evinced by those who took part in the proceedings,
we anticipate a crowded attendance of householders and livery-
men at the public meeting on Monday next, when the Hon.
Members for the city will address their constituents.
The following notice was placarded generally in the
city yesterday :—" The Lord Mayor informs his fellow citi-
zens that the funeral of his late much revered Majesty, King
William, will take place on Saturday, the Bth of July' inst.
The Lord Mayor, therefore, feels confident that every mark
of reaped will be most willingly manifested by the abstaining
from all such business as can possibly be avoided on the day of
the mournful solemnity."
Tuesday, at the Surrey Sessions, Bridget Rum-
mies was indicted and convicted of ill treating -and almost
starving to death Hannah Minstead, an aged female placed un-
der her care by her relations. The prosecution was instituted
by the parochial authorities, and the prisoner was sentenced
to eighteen months' imprisonment in the county gaol.
Tuesday morning, between nine and ten o'clock,
a respectably dressed woman was crossing Fenchurch-street,
when she was run against by a chaise-cart, driven at a rapid
rate, and the end of one of the shafts striking her underneath
the right arm, penetrated underneath the bladebone to the
depth of between two and three inches. The poor creature
then fell, and was severely trampled on by the horse. She
was removed to St. Thomas's Hospital.
CAPT. MARRYAT'S SNARLEY YON; OR THE
Doo FIEND."-Those who are familiar with Capt. Nlarryat's
style (and who is not ?) will look for vigour, vivacity, sport,
and eccentricity of all kinds in these volumes, and they will
not be disappointed. The Captain, whether on sea or on
shore, is equally in his element ; for his element is human
nature. His Doe- and his Dutchman are amiable counterparts
of each other—the Dog being a Dutchman on four legs, the
Dutchman a Dag on two. They roam the world in all direc-
tions; steady in storm and convivial in calm ; daring in dan-
ger, glorious in grog ; and thus running a round of alliterative
ardour, and heavy-sterned happiness to the end of the three
volumes, of the pleasantest kind that can solace a man under
the heat of a summer's sun. Snarley Yow is an antagonist for
the dog-days. But Capt. Marryat in these volumes exhibits a
new faculty—we allude to the capital sea songs with which
they arc interspersed.
Assessed taxes and poor-rates due on the 6th of
April must be paid on or before the 20th of this month by all
electors of cities and boroughs, or they will be disqualified from
voting at an election. It is the last day also fur sending in
claims to vote for counties.
Another death has occurred from the explosion of
the Union. John Wilkinson having had a relapse, died on
Sunday, in the Hull Infirmary.
A grand meeting of the Reformers of Hastings was
held at the Swan Hotel on Saturday evening. The large room
was filled to suffocation by electors, who assembled co meet
the popular cant'idate, Robert Hollond, Esq.
It will be observed that it has ly:en determined that
the Festival in Celebration of the Fourth Centenary of the
Invention of the Art of Printing, takes place in Edinburgh on
Wednesday.
On Sunday morning, between seven and eight
o'clock, Mr. Edwin Henry Goldsmith, a gentleman holding a
respectable situation under Government, was drowned while
bathing in the ricer, near Chelsea Fields; and strange to say,
the unfortunate gentleman has not since been found. He is a
native of Great Yarmouth.
THE CITY OF THE SULTAN.—This most inte-
resting work, by Miss Pardoc, brings us into all the wonders
which now live only in the " Arabian Night's Entertain-
ments," and on the banks cf the Bosphorus. The author's in-
troductions led her into the midst of all that was novel, showy,
and interesting in the capital. One day she visited the elite of
Pent, the exqUisites of Thrace ; the next she mingled among
the handsome, grave, and superbly •dressed Armenians. Next
day she smiled on the Greek Patriarch and his circle of hand-
some young Priests. Next day she dined with the Greeks of
the Fanar, entered into all their subtleties, and was enraptured
with their enthusiasm, their black eyes, and their fine fore-
heads. Next day she was introduced into the harems of the
Turkish Nobles, and in those abodes of seclusion and splendour,
where all is beauty and precious stones, slavery in its pomp,
alai liberty that laughs at chains, where every hall has its tribe
of snowv-skinned Circassians and diamond-eyed Georgians,
she gazed, feasted, and was complimented in the most ltaurious
style.
At the meeting of the Medico-Botanical Society,
Earl Stanhope in the chair, Mr. Everitt, the professor of
chemistry, made some remarks respecting the tests for ar-
senic, and afterwards demonstrated its presence in the com-
position candles. Having fully proved the existence of the
poison in the candle, in the proportion of at least two grains
in each (and lie stated his belief that four grains were a
more correct statement), he then proceeded to assign a rea-
son for its use. Candles which are made of tallow have
too low a melting point to admit of the use of a curved
wick. Sterine or spermacetic, either of which has a much
higher melting point, is, therefore, employed in making the
composition candles, and to prevent its running into grain or
ctystallising, a certain quantity of wax was added, which, it
was found, would fully answer the purpose. It was after-
wards discovered that a small quantity of arsenic would ef-
fect the same object, and, it being considerably cheaper, it
was adopted into use. The professor further stated that,
when he had made the discovery, and it had become bruited
abroad, his opinions were confirmed by two or three manufac-
tt;crers, who acknowledged using the poison. He left it to
he members of the profession to determine whether arsenic
thus volatilised, and coming in contact with the lungs, would
prove deleterious. Judging from the effects of other gasses,
he thought it, would be injurious.
The accounts of the crops from all parts of the king-
dom concur in stating that the prospects of the harvest aro 0:
the most encouraging description.
