,
Alta - „4-11)
4p,), 4'. ,-- ' 4

he altll4

WITH vrnICII
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 15, ISM

After what has occurred within the last six years,
and particularly after the disclrnures made in the late
trial at Edinburgh, it becomes every honest man con-
nected with Trade Unions to come forward and dis-
avow all knoweage of or participation in the atrocious
crimes whic'n, have been committed by persons con-
nected with some of these Societies. From the evi-
dence which has been produced, little doubt remains
that only a very few are privy to these deeds of darkness.
The whole business was carried on by a Select Com-
mittee of three, who gave instructions and employed
agents with the utmost secrecy, and without responsi-
bility. It is impossible to believe that the thousands
of operatives connected with Unions—many of them
religious men, and the very last who would think of
committing murder—can sanction crimes hitherto
unknown in this country, and not surpassed even
by the abominations of the Thugs in India ; but
they cannot fail to know that they are to a cer-
tain extent implicated—that the individuals form-
ing the Select Committee are allowed to act as
their representative--and that they contribute to the
fund out of which the assassins were paid. The pub-
lic are not very nice in making distinctions, and with-
out steps be taken to separate the innocent from the
guilty, and give demonstrations that the only object of
these Unions is the legal protection of their rights, every
person connected with a Union will be regarded as a par-
ticipator in the crimes of the few. Independent, however,
of such an imputation, cannot these men see what
will be the result ? The Legislature, which came to
an unanimous resolution against Orange Lodges, will
not be backward in putting down all secret societies
that sanction the destruction of property and even
murder for a particular end ; and many that voted for the
repeal of the Combination Laws,wilibe forced by the base
conduct of, we trust, but a few individuals, to be the
first to call for their re-enactment.
Thy '

ie notice which has been taken by some of our
liberal Contemporaries of our suggestion for increas-
ing, without displacing, the Lords-Lieutenant of
Counties, and following the order of the Reform Bill
in their appointment, as well as that no such favoura-
ble, opportunity for effecting the alai-we can be °ex-
pected to occur for very many r,ars to come, induce
us again to press it on the notice of Government. It
is unnecessary to add to the arguments we have
advanced—butt perhaps, a few precedents and
facts may not be misplaced. It is well known
that tb.',l great county of York has long had its
three. Lords-Lieutenant—at present the Earl of
of CARLISLE, the Earl of HAREWOOD, and the
Duke of LEEDS. Now let us ask what argument
can be urged for such a division in Yorkshire, which
cannot with equal force be urged for Lincolnshire ? If
the extent of Yorkshire require three Lords-Lieute-
nant, does not the extent of Lincolnshire, Leicester-
.shire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Cheshire, Lan-
cashire, Northumberlandshire, Surrey, Sussex, Essex,
Kent, &c., rev' re two? What reason can be adduced
for separate Lieutenants for the East Riding and
North Riding of Yorkshire, which does not apply to
the separate Parliamentary divisions of all these coun-
ties ? And surely if the theoretical argument be as
applicable, the practical facts are not less so, in favour
of such a change. Is the influence so small, or
she conduct so impartial, of roost of the Lords-
Lieutenant of those Counties, in the recommendation
of the Country Magistracy, as to make any such change
undesirable ? Is not the land overrun with Parson
and Tory Justices, acting as notorious partisans at
every county election, with here and there, " few
and far between, -.a single liberal Magistrate, borne
down on the Bench by overwhelming majorities ? In
the north we see one Tory nobleman possessing the
Lieutenancies of two Counties, and one of these
Counties so large as to be divided into two. What par-
iicular virtue does the Earl of LONSDALE possess,
that he should remain her MAJESTY'S Lieutenant
for Westmoreland, where he does reside, and for
both divisions of Cumberland, where he does not reside ?
Has he been so, extraordinarily impartial, so nobly
disinterested, so politically unbiassed in his high station
in both these counties ? Answer, ye yellow mushrooms
of both counties, or, if you are silent, answer the " little
Statesmen" who has so often fought for BROUGHAM
in the one, and for and against GRA HA.NI in the
other ! And then look at the recommendations of the
Earl of HARDWICKE in Cambridge, the Earl of
STAMFORD in Chester, Earl SOMERS in HERE-
FORD, Earl VERULAM in Hertford, Lord BROWN-
LOW in Lincolnshire, the Duke of IturLAND in Lei-
cestershire, the Duke of NEWCASTLE in Nottingham-
shire, the Earl of WESTMORLAND in Northampton-
shire, Lord ARDEN in Surrey, Lord CAMDEN in
Kent, Lord WARWICK in Warwick, and many others
we could mention ? Is the recent conduct of the Duke
of PORTLAND in Middlesex (where so such change as
that we have suggested can be effected) such as meets
the approval of her MAJESTY'S liberal Lord Chan-
cellor ? We strongly advise the freeholders and electors
of all those counties who experience the evils of the
present system, and can appreciate the advantages of
an additional and a liberal Lord Lieutenant, for that
one of the divisions of each in which the present
Lord Lieutenant does not reside, to take Ai, favour.
able opportunity of petitioning or memorialising on
the subject. We do not think the Government will
be justified in neglecting to effect so important a
change, when it is in their power, without any such
petitioning:or memorialising. Nevertheless, they are of
timid and I, squeezable" materials; and being so, we
call upon the country to strengthen their weak resolves
by pressing the subject upon them. Let every Liberal
and Reform Club take up the matter without delay.

The Church-rate case which came before the Court
of Queen's Bench on Friday involves a point of consi-
derable importance. A rate is granted by the pa-
rishioners of Kensington duly assembled in Vestry ;
but as this rate, or part of it at least, was for
the avowed purpose of reimbursing the Church.
wardens for expenses previously incurred by them,
a rated inhabitant of the parish appeals against its

validity. The case is taken into the Ecclesiastical
Court, and the Judge decides, that the rate being re-
trospective, is illegal. The question is then carried,
by an appeal on the part of the Churchwardens, before
the Court of Arches, where Dr. JENNER reverses the
decision of the inferior Judge (Dr. LUSEIINGTON),
and pronounces the rate good in law. " Who shall
decide when Doctors disagree ?" is a question that
may very fairly be asked in this instance. It
has always been held hitherto as a settled point
that a Church-rate, to be legal, must be pre•sraive.
Now, the decision of Dr. JENNRR seems to us to be
directly in the teeth of this established rule of law,
The circumstance fm which the Churchwardens rest
their case, nsunely, that a vestry had sanctioned the
rate, is bf not the slightest importance in the conside-
ration of the question. No vote of a vestry—even
supposing a. majority of the rate-payers to be present
—can make that legal which is in itself illegal. Such
a vote is not binding—except in honour—even
upon the parties who assent to it ; and that it
should bind the absent and the dissentient cannot
for a moment be imagined. How frequently do we
see a Church-rate quashed for some mere informality
in the proceedings, not in the least affecting its me-
rits ? Shall we then be told that a rate like this,
which is vitiated by an illegal principle, shall be held
sacred. Surely this is too tight an application of the
ecclesiastical screw.

The friends of Ireland are making preparations for
a grand public dinner to Mr. O'CONNaLL on the
17th of next month, as a testimony of the high sense
they entertain of his patriotic conduct, and of the great
services he has rendered to his native country. But
why should there be any limitation as to those wh•
are to confer the honour ? Every friend of peace and
of justice—every admirer of perseverance in a good
cause for more than thirty years—every enemy of op-
pression, of slavery and of persecution, for religion's
sake, would be anxious to join in conferring a tribute
on a man who has carried into effect a principle of the
first importance to the whole human race. It is of no
use for interested journalists and political enemies to
deny the fact. The system which Mr. O'C•NNELL
has now fully established, is founded on one of the
great doctrines of Christianity. He has shown that
his great object is to obtain justice by peaceable
means, and the astonishing success which has at-
tended his endeavours has demonstrated that wrongs
may be redressed without shedding human blood, and
that effectual reform can be obtained without hav-
ing recourse to the most hazardous and the most
inhuman of all methods--a civil war. He has unde-
viatingly recommended peace to his oppressed coun-
trymen under the most grievous insults. They lis-
tened to his advice, and obtained their emancipation.
He was an active agent with thousands in the cause of
Parliamentary Reform, and they carried their object
without violence. He has now seven millions of his
countrymen completely under his control ; and while
men of the same religion, and like them labouring
under grievances, have had recourse to the sword, he
has only more urgently impressed on them the neces-
rity of peace, and the certainty of obtaining liberty
and happiness by moral power. Without vanity he
may proclaim himself the apostle of a new sect.
There is only one instance of a great moral change
being produced in the world by the force of truth.
Many nations have had to wade through fire and blood to
obtain their liberty, and not a few have fought in vain.
Even the great name of WA s HINGTON, the purest that
adorns the page of history, is sullied with blood. It re-
mained for the present age, and for the great leader of a
new sect, to prove that the best interests of the human
race can be secured by the arts of peace. It is an era in
the history of the world, and it holds out the brightest
prospects to the friends of humanity, good order, and
Christian charity. WELLINGTON has deservedly ob-
tained a great name, but, with one exception, it is only
associated with characters that have often inflicted the
greatest calamities on mankind. O'CONNELL
can lay no claims to deeds like those of his illustrious
countryman ; but he can lay claims to victories ob-
tained by peace, and to a place among the greatest be-
nefactors of the human face.

Our readers will find in another part of to-day's Sun
a report of the great public dinner which was given to
the Members for the county and city of Dublin on
Thursday last, and at which Lord CHARLEMONT—
whose father, it may be remembered, stood foremost
among the patriots of Ireland, in the earlier days of
GRATTAN—presided. Mr. O'CONNELL, who of
course was present at this dinner, delivered a temperate
and sensible speech, in which he praised the Ministers
for their conduct towards Ireland, and proclaimed him-
self one of their firm supporters, observing that their
Irish policy was based on the foundation of common
sense and justice. Of Lord MuLGRAVE, in particular,
he spoke in the highest terms, and with good reason,
for his Lordship is unquestionably the best Viceroy
that Ireland ever possessed. So far, therefore, Mr.
O'CONNELL was perfectly justified in his remarks
but why, immediately afterwards, did he travel out of
his road to sneer at the Radicals, under the impression
that they are hostile to him ? " I may be assailed,"
said the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, "by the
Radicals of England for my constant support
of the QUEEN'S present Ministry. They may
differ from me, as far as England is concerned,
but as for Ireland, they are totally mistaken. But
by the bye, these Radicals are not as ardent in Irish
affairs as could be desired. They think it proper to
accuse you of insincerity. They may accuse me per-
haps of being mistaken, and their accusation may be
true ; but they cannot say lam insincere. Though I
differ from them on this one question, I agree with
them on every other."
Mr.O'CONNELL is wholly in error—and his error is
now of somewhat long standing—when be states
that the Radicals are lukewarm in the cause
of Ireland. They support it, and have ever
supported it, by every means in their power,—by peti-
tions, by speeches, by addresses ; and, above all, by
constantly keeping it before the public eye. Never
does a Radical Reform meeting or dinner take
place, but Ireland is sure to form a prominent
topic of discussion. The fire, too, is con-
stantly kept up in the Radical Journals ; and
we have particularly remarked—and we beg Mr.
O'CoNNELL'S attention to this fact—that for the last
year and upwards, not a single public meeting in
favour of the Ballot, or an extension of the Suffrage,
or repeal of the Septennial Act, has occurred, but the
question of Ireland has been introduced, and
dilated on with zeal and eloquence, not by one
speaker only, but by every speaker who attended.
Indeed, " Justice to Ireland" forms part and parcel
of every Reformer's creed, be he Radical or not ;
consequently, Mr. O'CONNELL'S charge against the
English Radicals, that they are luke-warm towards
the sister-country might have been!spared. In alluding
to the late Tory gathering in Cumberland, the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman was specially severe in his
animadversions on the chief spokesman, Sir JAMES
GRAHAM ; and hit off Sir FRANCIS BURDETT to
the life, when he described him as the " squeezed
orange of Radicalism." We have neither space nor
time to notice the rest of the speeches made at this
dinner; but that of Lord CnAnLENIONT deserves high
praise for its animation ane patriotic fervor.

We have received the whole of the Paris Journals
of Friday and Saturday. They bring the conclusion

of the debate in the Chamber of Deputies, on the
fourth article of the Address, relative to the question
of Spanish interventionb MM. Tilt atts and ODILLON
BARROT, ably defended the intervention, which was
as violently opposed by MM. Along and GrUIVA'.
M. TRIERS delivered three several speeches in the
course of Friday and Saturday, in which he electtilled
the Chamber by the fore of his Arguments, and the
splendour of Ilia eloquence. He forcibly rept.esiiicted
to the Government the 'necessity bt ethploying more
than words and sytiipathies to save Spain. Were the
material intervention of France declared iniPs-
n'ilnle, her moral influence would from that instant
be annihilated. All he wanted was an acknow-
ledgment on the part of the Legislature, that
France would interfere were an extreme case to
occur such as the occupation of Madrid by the
PRETENDER. He took a most statesmanlike view of
the affairs of Europe ; pointed out how much the
Monarchy of July would be endangered by the
triumph of the PRETENDER, who would unite with
the French Royalists of the South in seeking to re-
store the exiled branch of the Bourbon dynasty ;
and
entered into various details to show that intervention
now would not disturb the peace of Europe ; whereas
to leave Spain a prey to civil war was the most likely
thing in the world to produce such a catastrophe.
Count MOLE refused to make any declaration as to
the eventual policy which France would pursue. Mi-
nisters would be wholly guided by events and contin-
gencies. He denied having asserted that under no
circumstances would he grant intervention ; but
he declined to state anything definite upon the
subject. M. GUIZOT assumed a more lofty
tone, and talked with more pomp than good
sense of the disgrace of mixing themselves up with
every popular revolution. He desired not to see a
counter revolution in Spain, but he would only agree
to prevent it by force to save the Monarchy of July—
a Monarchy not likely to be endangered by any move-
ment in the Peninsula. Nothing short of an occupa-
tion would answer in Spain, as she was now without
credit, without an army, without a strong Government,
a prey to political and civil strife, and in want of every-
thing. Curious arguments these against intervention !
The Ministers, however, triumphed, and the amend-
ment was carried by a large majority. There was no
ballot, but the journals calculate that M. TRIERS was
in a minority of from seventy to eighty votes.

The effect of this debate will be to destroy
the power of France in the Peninsula, while it
will give a new impulse to the partizans of
the PRETENDER. The Christinos have now no-
thing to hope, and the Carlists nothing to fear
from France. The Quadruple Treaty is voted a
humbug--a mass of diplomatic jargon unintelligible
to those who signed it, and only calculated to excite
the ridicule of all Europe I
There is nothing that can be called news in these
Journals. From Madrid the advices are to the 3d
instant, but they merely recapitulate provincial intelli-
gence known in England a month ago. The Carlist
Chief, URBISTONDO, has addressed a letter to the
PRETENDER, relative to the crimes committed by a
band of villains in his name in Catalonia, and dis-
tinctly denying that the Carlists have any regular
force in that province. The QUEEN'S Government
has given great offence to the populace by removing
from subordinate situations many who were noted for
their attachment to the Constitution.

FRENCH FUNDS —Pasts. JAN. 13.
Five per Cents., 10SE 11,,e. 100 f. sc. 15c. 25c.
Four and a Half oer Cents. 105 t lUc.
Four per Cents., 101 f. 6sc.
Three„ner Cents., 70f 3,c. 3.5 e. 45c. 55e.
Bank Actions, 2,615 f. 2,e! f.
ftente do Naples, 9Of.
Ronan Five per Cents., 101 101%.
Spanish Actives,:9lo4%S.
Spanish Passive., 4 $4.
Spanish Differes, 6%.
Belgian Bank, 1.405 E.
Haytian Loan, ME
RXCHANGS ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 25f. 47Sc
Tires months, paper, 95f. 325 e.; money, Qsf.
LAST PRICES,
Five per Cents. 100 f. 3.5 c.
Three per Cents., Wt. We.
Bank Actions, 2,t19.0f.
Romans, lON.
Belgian sank, 1,493 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 19%.
Spanish Actires, VS.
Spanish Passives, ,“(,.
ilaytisn Loan, &Mt.

ROLLS!_COURT.-(THIS DAY.)
