took the Executive of the navy from the hands of the Board of
Admiralty.
Captain A'COURT bore testimony to the invariable good
conduct of the corps of Royal Marines.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that
there was very great inconvenience in the motion. The Hon.
Secretary of the Admiralty had placed the subject on its
proper grounds. Were any of the Honourable Mem-
bers opposite prepared to forego the prerogative of the
Crown on this occasion? Such would be the effect
of affirming the motion. The Right Honourable Gentle-
man then entered into a recapitulation of the statement re-
specting promotion in the Marine service made by the Hon.
Secretary to the Admiralty, for the purpose of giving those
Hon. Members who were not in the House at the time it was ,
made, an opportunity of forming a judgment on the subject.
It would be seen by that statement, that the promotion in the
Marine corps was at least four times more rapid than that in
any branch of the Civil service of the Government, and much
greater also than that in the service of the East India Com-
pany. By the motion of the Noble Lord the Government was
placed in an extraordinary position ; for whereas, heretofore,
according to custom, they were uniformly charged with ex-
travagance, now they were charged with undue penury. But
be would ask, was the House now about to establish a new
rule with regard to the whole service, for that would inevitably
be the result of adopting the motion of the Noble Lord? It
was a principle of the Monarchy, that promotion in all its ser-
vices should proceed from the Crown, and not from the Par-
liament ; and therefore he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer)
could not countenance any proposition which would affect that
principle. The Right Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving,
as an amendment, " That there be laid on the table of the
House a copy of the Order in Council of July, 1837. respect-
ing- the promotion of Officers in the Marine service."
Captain BOLDE RO said that the allusion made to his
motives on this question by the Secretary of the Admiralty was
not justified, for he could assure the House that he was solely
influenced by a sense of duty, and by an honourable and upright
feeling.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXC'IEQUER and Mr.
WOOD explained that no improper motives were attributed
to the Hon. and Gallant Officer.
Sir H. DALRYMPLE said that he was always opposed
to any interference with the prerogative of' the Crown in naval
or military matters, but he did nut think this was a question of
that nature. He admitted that a great deal had been done in
favour of the Marines, but still much remained to be done for
them before justice could be accomplished.
Sir J. CA RNAC said that if the Marines were not a useful
and efficient body the Chancellor of the Exchequer ought not
to suffer them to be a charge upon the country ; and, if they
were efficient, the same justice ought to be done to them as to
the Army and Navy.
Mr. G 0 ULBU RN said that the view he took of the ques-
tion was that there was a general complaint that jnstice was
not done to the Marines ; and, looking upon that body as a
most valuable addition to our naval and military strength, he
should support the motion befote the House.
Sir H. VIVIAN said that he was the last man in the world
who would do otherwise than support any measure in favour
of the Royal Marines, but he thought the production of the
papers which the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved for
would be perfectly satisfactory on this subject, and show how
the Marines had really been dealt with as compared with other
corps.
Captain PEC HELL said that he could not see that any
injustice had been done to the Royal Marines. He believed
that they had received as much of favour and promotion as the
Navy, or any other branch of the service.
Admiral ADAM said he was sure when the papers moved
for by the Chancellor of the Exchequer should be produced,
they would show that no injustice had been done to the Royal
Marines.

After a few words from Lord G. LENNOX in reply,
The SPEAKER suggested that tile Hon. Member's mo-
tion could not be moved in the amended shape he wished, as
an amendment had been moved thereon.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then with-
drew his amendment pro forma, and
Lord G. LENNOX obtained leave to conclude his motion
with the word "progressive."
The House then divided, when there appeared—

For the motion lOO
Against it B7
Majority
The other Orders of the Day were then disposedof, and the
House adjourned at a Quarter to One o'Clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Fri. 27.
The L•RD CHANCELLOR took his scat on the Woolsack at
Five o'Clock.
On the motion of Lord REDESDALE, the Custody of
Insane Persons Bill was read a third time.
Lord DACRE presented petitions from Wisbeach, and
various other places, praying for the immediate abolition of
n,..gro slavery.
Lord LYNDHURST presented a petition from the Cord-
waincrs of Glasgow, the effect of which was not heard in the
gallery.
Lord ORFORD presented a petition from King's Lynn,
praying for the abolition of negro apprenticeship.
ROMAN CATHOLICS' OATHS.
The Bishop of EXETER stated that he had been in-
trusted with the presentation of a petition which involved a
subject so important, that he felt it necessary to give notice
el the period at which he would present it. He therefore gave
notice that on Thursday next he will present a petition from cer-
tain inhabitants of the City of Cork, praying that measures may
he taken to render effectual the sworn engagements of Roman
Catholics, not to subvert the present Church Establishment,
and nut to weaken the Protestant religion or Protestant
Government.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presented a petition from
the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common Council of Stockton-
upon-Tees, praying for the immediate and entire emancipa-
tion of the Negroes.
The Duke of SUTHERLAND presented a petition from
a place, the name of which we did not hear, to the same effect.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from Bradford, in
Wiltshire, praying for Vote by Ballot.
NEGRO SLAVERY. •
Lord SEAFORD moved for certain Colonial returns af-
fecting Negro Slavery, which—
Lord BROUGHAM considered, would all be embraced in
the returns he hifd already moved for.
Lord BROUGHAM presented petitions from Paul-street
Chapel, Taunton, Nortlifeatherton, Somersetshire, Salem
Chapel, Wellingborough, a parish in Cumberland, Little
\Valsam, Burnham Market, Aylesharn, Cardiff, the United
Secession Church, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Silver-street Cha-
pel, Taunton, and some other places, praying for the imme-
diate and entire abolition of Slavery. The Noble and Learned
Lord stated, that he had found, that instead of their
Lordships' decision negativing his (Lord B.'s) motion upon
this subject a week ago having calmed the public mini, or
abated public zeal upon this question, it had seemed to
act as a lever to rouse to yet more strenuous exertion,
on the part of all classes, to have measures adopted for
the immediate abolition of slavery. None of the usual arts for
excitement had been resorted to, in reference to this question,
aid yet he had never perceived a more unanimous call from
the public for the adoption of any measure than there was
now made for the one he had undertaken to advocate. Un-
der these circumstances he felt he should not discharge his
duty if he did not give, as ho now gave, notice that
ho should, almost immediately after the Easter recess,
again submit the question to their Lordships, pledging him-
self that on that occasion he should take the sense of the
house upon the proposition, so that every Member of the
House should have an opportunity of then recording his
opinion.
A conversation took place across the table between Lord
ELLENBOROVUH, Lord BROUGHAM, and the Marquis of
LANSDOWNE, in reference to certain Colonial returns which
had been moved fur, but not yet laid on the table, in which
Lord Brougham stated that, should the returns not be
laid on the table in proper time, he should probably
be under the necessity of postponing his motion,
which stood for Friday next, for a day or two.
What he wanted was the Order in Council of July last ; also
the Order in Council of the Ist of March preceding; and a
copy of the Colonial Act.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE laid on the table certain
returns.

After a few words from Lord BnovoitAm,
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE laid the returns upon the
table.
Lord BROUGHAM then fixed for Tuesday next his mo-
tion respecting Negro Slavery, and presented a petition from
New Brunswick for its abolition.
THE GLASGOW COTTON SPINNERS.
The NOBLT3 Loan then presented a petition from the Be-
nevolent Society of Smiths, for mitigation of the sentence on
the Glasgow Cotton Spinners ; and also a petition from
the parish of St. Michael, in the city of Dublin, for the
rbolition of tithes, and for the Irish Municipal Corporation
Reform.
