GERMAN AND BRUSSELS PAPERS.

CONSTANTINOPLE, MARCH 9.—The preparations for
the marriage of the Sultan Mirimah engage all the Sultan's
attention. Workmen are busy in all the quarters of the
capital making preparations, by order of the Government,
for the amusement of the people. Unhappily a great mis-
fortune has occurred, which seems to have been caused by
the carelessness of a fire-worker. A quantity of powder
was deposited in a house near the Arsenal, for the manu-
facture of fireworks. Some rockets took fire as the fire-
worker was conveying them from the magazine, and the
fire extended so rapidly to the powder, that a terrible ex-
plosion ensued. The house in which the powder was de-
posited, and all the adjoining buildings, were blown up.
Many persons were killed—at present 80 are missing. A
great many wounded, whose number is not known, were
conveyed to the hospitals. The Sultan is greatly affected
by this event ; and, as, notwithstanding his predilictions for
the advancement of knowledge, he still retains many of the
superstitious notions of his ancestors, he considers the acci-
dent as a bad omen for his daughter's fate.
No change has taken place here ; we expect indeed when
the fine season sets in, the monotony which now prevails
will cease.
MANNmEm, MARCH 25.—Mr. A. Schafer, who was
accused of high treason for his work, " The Revolution,"
was tried before the Tribunal of this city yesterday. His
defence was conducted chiefly by himself, in a speech which
took two hours and a half in the delivery. He was unani-
mously acquitted by the Court, for want of sufficient evi-
dence. It is believed that the Attorney-General will not
appeal.
VIENNA, MARCH 26.—Five per cents, 103,1 - ; Four
per cents, 991 ; Three per cents, 75i ; Bank Shares
I,3s6.—Allgeiniene Zeitung, March 31.
BRUSSELS, APRIL 2.—The King will leave his Palace
in Brussels the 6th of this month, and return to Lacken,
his summer residence.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Orleans will leave
Brussels on Friday next, to return to Paris.
Her Majesty the Queen of the French is expected at
Brussels on the 7th of this month.

The Minister of War will go on Monday to Douai ; IV.
de Merode will act in his absence.

The Moniteztr of to-day publishes the treaty with Brai
BELGIAN FUNDS, BRUSSELS, APRIL 2.
Actual Debt, 24 per Cent.
Itothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lol►%
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent. 93%
Society of Commerce, 43. per Cent. I2J
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent ll7
_Brussels Papers, April 3.

SPEAKING IN THE HOUSE.—As regards the fre-
quency of speaking, the same regulations are observed as in the
Lower House. No Member is allowed to speak a second time
on any question, except it be in the way of explanation, or when
the Peer who made the motion wishes to reply. This applies to
the proceedings when their Lordships are sitting as a House;
when in Committee they may speak as often as they think
proper. No Noble Lord must, on any occasion, or under any
circumstances, 'mention the name or title of any other Noble
Lord. If he wishes to refer to any particular Peer, ho must
do so in some such phraseology as the following :—" The
Noble Duke," or "the Noble Marquis who has just sat down ;"
"the Noble Earl at the head of his Majesty's Government ;"
" the Noble and Learned Lord ;" " the Noble Lord that spoke
last •',
, the Noble Viscount who spoke last but one ;" " the
,Noble Baron who spoke last 'but two," &c. &c.—Random
Recollections of the House of LOrds.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, APRIL
We have had a very steady market for Cotton to-day. Sales
3,500 bags, at full prices.
STRANGE SLAVERY.—It was the ever-memorable
axiom of Pitt, says the Cheltenham Journal, that " without an
Opposition, Ministers must be slaves." And so, assuredly, they
must be—slaves, either of the Monarch or of the mob--of the
Court or of the canaille. Yet so obtuse is the intellect, or so
naturally debased and utterly degraded the moral and physical
elements of the present Cabinet, that they not only court igno-
minious slavery for themselves—slavery to the most monstrous
and vicious faction on record [a singular sort of " faction" that,
which is composed of more than eight-ninths of the whole na-
tion]—but seem determined to commit all succeeding Admi-
nistrations to the trammels of the worst and most odious species
of tyranny--Democratic despotism—[which despotism," and
all the hard words preceding it, turned into plain English,
mean simply that the voice of the people, demanding an atten-
tion to their interests, is now listened to by their servants, the
Ministers.]
A daughter of Mr. Vandenhoff is, we hear, to make
her appearance almost immediately at Drury-lane as Juliet.
We remember to have seen her talents eulogised in an Edin-
burgh journal ; so that we presume she has played a few times
in the country. She is, we understand, very young, and in
point of personal attraction every .way qualified to delineate
the grace and loveliness of Shakspeare's creation.
