COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

A new candidate for histrionic distinction last night
made his Sow to a London audience in the person of Mr.
'Ale, a gentleman who obtained considerable celebrity
When recently performing in Edinburgh and Dublin. He
!ejected for his debut the part of Virginius, in Mr. Sheridan
a
tanwles's tragedy of that name, and succeeded in making
extremely favourable impression. Mr. Dale possesses
'Malay •, •
strum.- qualifications for the stage. His figure is
all and well-formed—his features are intelligent—,his voice
bears a strong similitude to that of Mr. Macready, whose
BtYle of acting he has evidently adopted. He irequently
re-
flinded us of some of the peculiarities of that gentleman,
,13,11 t scarcely to an extent that would ruder him liable to
the direct charge of positive iinitatir,n. His enunciation is
remarkably clear and distinct. tie is rather sparing of
ttereiv tion.
That, however, which he uses is natural and ap-
P I)Priate. Considering Lis entire performance, we con-
tce
, u% Dale to be an actor of talent and application,
litaer than of lofty genius. We were well pleased with
Ni! acting in the scene in which the outrage experienced by
IrAinia is narrated to him. He here portrayed the ago-
nizlng Pangs of the incensed and afflicted father in a manner
at once forcible and natural. Ho also played in the forum
Seen", which terminates with the immolation of his beloved
1"11(1, with a degree of earnestness and spirit which came
te to the heart, and incontestably proved how well he
he studied the character. His mad scenes (particularly
iluat vvith Appius), though not so finished as the earlier
des °f his performance, were nevertheless so acted as to
pfserve no small meed of praise. Mr.'Dale was much 0:p-
-heaucied throughout the evening ; and when the curtain fell
a„,,Was compelled to obey the general call of the house,
11-2", again to make his bow to the audience. Mr. G. Ben-
z-4 appeared as Appius ; and, though he ranted at times,
ad gesticulated most violently, still he got through the
Ilan with tolerable credit. To Mr. Pritchard was given
the
Part of Siccius Dentatus, the rough, blunt, sarcastic
dier. He amply justified the judgment of those who
selected him for the character. We have not since the
ti•gedY was first produced seen the part more ably filled.
fa I" Wyndham's Virginia was exceedinrgly feeble. We
n°Y that the young lady, whose forte lies in the represen-
tation of soubrettes, was not much pleased with a part so
entirely out of her line.
Th

.e Cork Constitution publifs,'nes the names of 13
170°:!viduals in that city who have 13Q.en sufferers from the dia-
th'lcal practice of throwing vitriol Of these one has lost
use of both eyes from the acti on of the vitriol, five have
7eli lost one eye, and the rem .ainder have their necks and
ra disfigured. Several other persons were intended to be
flicked by the conspirators, but the apprehension of some
e
the gang frightened the vast from carrying their plans into
4eUtion.
p SLAVERY IN TYRE FRENCH COLONIES.—In
France, as in En land, t. he moment a slave sets his foot on the
thei g
becomesa free man ; but hitherto, when any of these
"es have returned to the French colonies, they have been
F"idered as again falling back into a state of slavery. On
"daY, however, la ordonnance was signed by the King,
declaring that all 'slaves coming into France, with the con-
-B:4t of their ni.asters, obtained their full and perpetual
~, -"alteipation.
A ScRILTcH.—In Cadell's " Campaigns in
Egypt"fh. it is related—. An Irishman, Dan Fitzgibbon, of the
Zenadiers, like most of his countrymen, possessed both
Wag age end humour. He was placed at a bank which he
1;04 %.'e over, but on no account to show himself. Poor
Ilet taking this advice, jumped upon the bank every round
tillotr,r'di to see if he had hit any one. At last a Frenchman
Dian through the back of the left hand. It was seen that
D
,ething had happened, and was asked what was the matter ?
liar:, very quietly looking at his bleeding fist, and scratching
THE
with the other, said, ' I wish I knew who did this.' "
t; 41-1 NAPOLEON FAMILY.—The bulletin of peti-
ions to the Chamber of Deputies, on Saturday, contained a
tieicluest in favour of the Napoleon family. The exclusion of
e retell of Napoleon, after his death, and that of his son, is
lo Y lt •
),„„ nger understood.is to be regretted that so many
ifi"ng Frenchmen, in whom still flows the blood of a hero,
°lfid not be employed in the service of France. There is
11° 1.1 * •
d".aneeive the sentiment which excludes them. When will the
e 4 Come when there will be no Frenchmen out of France?—
It
de France.
fl(,t is well known that his Majesty Louis Phillippe,
ig Youth, besides the usual studies of his age and rank, ap-
himself to the acquirement of many of the useful arts and
th:lit es, and, among the rest, to surgery, in which he became
Pupil of the celebrated Desault. Being informed that a
ulattnii_seription was being made for raising a monument to the
tia-nr,Liory of this restorer of surgery in France, in his native
o n ef Lure, in the Upper Saone, the King desired the list
Thesnbscribers to be brought to him, and inserted his name for
noteaunt of 300 f., writing at the same time the following
Desault was my master and professor in surgery.
thaeisted him as one of his dressers, and it was lie who put
110 lancet into my hands, causing me to bleed patients at the
,tel Dieu of Paris."—Galignani's MessengfJr.
tradlenE LACE TRADE. Since the last report of the
Nvhb'g not assumed any new features. It is still, upon the
Inayol,,ll ' Mint state. The unsettled condition of the weather
tos. probably be one reason why the demand for our home
otTliiiption has not so much increased as by time it might
thi7rvvise have done. We are yet hoping for a better state of
he"gs, which, when the season is a little farther advanced,
ariaelltnot doubt will take place ; and, as the stock on
fuse i!! hot large a little stir in the market will soon in-
tie ink) the different branches of the trade.—Notting-
-44 Review.
0 r,
InMISSION OF LUNACY.—A commission of lu-
befl_was held yesterday at the Horns Tavern, Kennington,
thti_r_e. Commissioners Whitmarsh, Blunt, and Murray, to in-
-I.lB`e into the state of mind of a gentleman Lamed John Nor-
th..
Norris
witnesses were examined, bit the examination of
Mr. left no doubt of the proprieV of the proceedings.
With Platt having said that it was lais intention to call some
tratt_ese.s to prove that Mr. Norris bad engaged in several
I,ears.4l.wons during the time of l'.'is alleged insanity, the further
as postponed until tY.iis morning.
Sre.trellE TITLE OF idAßQUlS.—Marquises were
~tint:eated in the fourtr,enth century. The first person on
Was er the dignity was conferred was Robert de Vere. He
,ond. eated Marquis of Dublin in 1386, by Richard the Se-
Which time Another creation took place in the same reign ; from
teigothe title is supposed to have been extinct until the
reereb,"' .ccdvzird the Sixth. It was revived by that monarch
Rraci,J as rhn ensign of honour, and soon become a regular
from tbe` nobility. Marquises are created by letters patent
teat/ ;e King. Their eldest sons are called Earls from cour-
teat ! out neither they nor the sons of Dukes are entitled to a
b.,
.• the House of Peers, nor to any of the privileges of no-
Random Recollections of the House of Lords.
Eth TRAORDINARY PRESERVATION OF LIFE.—
the Ca berben, a servant to Mr. Stragg, a farmer, living in
petit lharine-fields, in the parish of Norton-in-the-Moors,
parisL'° Chell (about a mile from Scragg's house), in the
bluitluesest: Wolstantpn, on Thursday, the 10th ult., on some
orrow_ Returning borne rather late in the evening, she
Rnialier a lantern and umbrella. The light being extin-
v.,Atrie unfortunately she lest her way in the fields, and be-
eteeeP,FrPlexed and much agitated the night being dark and
tn " .
toshev Le pestuous. After wandering about for some
one, ame to a raised bank, which she mistook for the
t °` afi ld
e near her master's house, and getting on the
two scrambled over, as she supposed into the pathway, but
cliiee;,toferinacte_li she slipped into an old coal-pit, about 20 yards
4r NI
weans round and overgrown with briers. It is supposed
clothe and much broken by the wind gathering under her
She by the umbrella which she held open.
t, found herself nearly up to her waist in water at
Whole
botto
raj
of the pit, where she remained during the
thl.4p r_, _ that night but on Friday morning, finding
I °"4 desceudin rapidly, and the water from seve-
g
r, sh:sl3 tnat emptied themselves into the pit pouring upon
the bot. ought refuge in an excavation a short distance from
*ith WM. of the pit.. This place, however, began to fill
turn ater so rapidly as to render it unsafe to remain. She re-
!!ilettecitht? the mouth of the pit again .on the morning of Friday,
Lite water rose up to her neck. In this state she remained
Gh th: ofoi en
oowfitnhgat day and night, and until she was taken out
erythfeailed.
terl calling aloud for help till her voice ut-
Her day,iaster and others had been searching for
day
hinfr.eater part of Friday, but without effect. On eatur-
Where ori'lng, resuming the search, they came to the pit,
nibutch
ey) from the top of a pit, discovered an umbrella,
24" was holding over her bead. Ropes were let down,
support was in such a state of exhaustion as to be unable to
gates,r rt herself by the rope. A person of the name of Paul
1.11) ; ut°fihell, was immediately let down, who brought her
Zhder its e was in such a state of extreme debility as tu
dave4PortexceedingiY doubtful if she could survive.. Mr.
'i,telY Cali a medical gentleman, from Tunstall, was iinme-
°Ler s 3, 0 led in, and found the prostration of strength and
'-'Blieffiekt°lTis such as to render.the greatest care necessary.
Zlercury.
