FOREIGN OFFICE, AlmtcH 9.

The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint John Green,
Esq., to be her Majesty's Consul for Continental Greece and the
Island of Negropont.

Comraission by the Lord Lieutenant of the North Riding of the
County of York.
Francis Godolphin D'Arcy Osborne Marquis of Carmarthen to
be Deputy Lieutenant, Feb. 14.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Flint.
W. S. Conway, Esq., to be Deputy Lieutenant, Feb. N.

BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
JOSEPH BOTTOMLEY, fan light manufacturer, Beesh
street, Barbican.

BANKRUPTS.
ALEXANDER JAMIESON, bookseller, Wyke House, Sion-
'rant, Isleworth, to surrender, March 16, at twelve, and April 20,
at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Abbott, King's Arms-yard.
official assignee ; Bartholomew, Gray's-inn-place, Gray's-inn.
RICHARD PHILP, maltster, Judd's-place, St. Pancras.
Marsh 23, at half-past eleven, and April 20, at twelve, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Pennell, Basinghall-street, official assignee ;
Stevens, Wilkinson, and Satcholl, Queen-street, Cheapside.
CHARLES DUNN, jun., stationer, Digbeth, Birmingham,
March 20 and April 20, at one, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birming-
ham. Taylor, Sharpe, and Field, Bedford-row, London ; Ryland,
Birmingham.
WILLIAM APCARTNEY, ironmonger, Liverpool, March 19
and April 20, at one, at the Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool. Norris
and Allen, Bartlett's-buildings, Holborn, Lontlon ; Thompson,,
, Liverpool.
FREDERICK SPENCER FROST, surgeon, Colyton, Dej
vonshire, 'March 24 and April 20, at twelve, at the New Londo4
Hotel, Exeter. Clones and Vi'edlake, Temple, London ; Laidman,
Exeter.
WILLIAM TOLL, corn-factor, it. Germains, Cornwall,
April 10, at twelve, and April 20, at 11, at Elliott's Royal Hotel,
Devonport. Gilbard, Devonport ; Barnes and Bernard, St. He-
len's-place, Bishopsgate-street, London.
JONATHAN NASH, brewer, Bristol, March 19 and April 20,
at one, at the Commercial-rooms, Bristol. White and Whitmore,
Bedford-row, London : Bevan and Britian, Bristol.
THOMAS PITT, merchant, Southtown, Suffolk, March 21
and April 20, at eleven, at the Star Tavern, Yarmouth. White and
Borrett, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry, London ; Worship and Son,
Great Yarmouth.
JOHN BLACK, merchant, Glasgow, March 31, at twelve, and
April 20, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Edwards, Fre-
derick's place, Old Jewry, official assignee; Bell and Brodrick,
Bow Church-yard, Chcapside, London.
ANN DAVIES, spirit dealer, Newport, 'Monmouthshire,
March 15, at ten, and April 20, at twelve, at the ing's !least
Inn, Newport. Dimmock, Abchurch-lanc, Lombard K-steet, Lon-
don ; Townsend, Newport.
DIVIDENDS.
At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
A. 11. Dry, pawnbroker, St. Martin's-lane, April 2, at half-past
twelve-0. Bennett, tailor, Norfolk-street, Strand, March 31, at
eleven—W. Buckland, corn dealer, Hillingdon, Middlesex, April
2, at half-past eleven—S. Norman, silversmith, Princes -street,
Leicester-square, April 2, at twelve—H. Potts, builder, Black-
heath-road, April 2, at eleven.
In the Country.
W. F. Haines, surgeon, Leamington, Warwickshire, March 31,
at eleven, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmingham—R. Cornes, iron-
monger, Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, March 30, at twelve, at
Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmingham—S. Kingsford, miller, Sturrey,
Kent, April 16, at twelve, at the Guildhall, Canterbury—J. and
J. Fielding, calico printers, Catterall, Lancashire, April 25, at
eleven, at the Town Hall, Preston—W. Taylor, builder,
Gates-
head, Durham, April 3, at twelve, at the Bankrupt Commission
Room, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
CERTIFICATES, Mantic 30.
T. and J. Skelton, oilmen, Gerrard-street, Soho—W. and S.
3lear, carpenters, Norwich—W. Boosey, miller, Chatham, Kent
—W. Tipper, currier, Banbury, Oxfordshire—J. W. Shaw, broker
at
,
Liverpool—ll. Houghton and T. Stanton, upholsterers, Gre
Dover-street, Southwark—W. Lewis, hosier, Birmingham.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
D. Clegg and E. Jones, Bahia—B. Freestone and W. Hickley,
confectioners, Dudley, WorceAershire—J. and S. W• May',
chalrmakers, Liverpool—J. Hall and Co., merchants, Sheffield—
G. Tucker and J. Thomas, share brokers, Bristol—T. C. Gut-
teridge and T. Shoobr;dge, silk mercers, Regent-street—J• W-
and J. W. Spencer, feather merchants, Newton-street,
Ho:born—
J. and J. Hall, steel mill manufacturers. Dudley, Worcestershire—
W. T. Hislop and Co. Queen-street, Cheapside, so far as regards
'
W. T. Hislop—G. Harvey and R. Steele, wine-merchants. Lane-
en-
end, Staffordshire—ll. Sturge and T. Lloyd, cornfactors, Wribb
hall, Worcestershire—T. Hardwick and T. C. Waddy, cabinet-
makers, Leeds— C. Hamnett and Co., Manchester, so far as re-
gards C. Woodisvis'—C. M. Westmacott and Co., printers—J. T.
Patchett and Co., manufacturers of cotton goods, 11%11cl-writer, so
far as regards J. Burton—W. Morren and M. Jarvis, wool dealers,
Leeds—A. Christey, jun., and G. Hitning, merchants—J. B.
Hodgson and C. Gardiner wholesale teadealers, Liverpool—G. and
C. Fox, timber dealers, 'Deptford—T. Bennett, jun., and Co.,
drapers, Dorchester—W. and R. Hill, grocers, Edinburgh.

PRICE OF SUGAR.
The average price of Muscovado Sugar, from the returns made
in the week ending the 6th of March, 1838, is 38s. did. per Cwt.,
exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable on the Importa-
tion thereof into Great Britain.

w hTaltlmEyßstelrVioEulsttAitlNeporTmlitsEs
pDarEzerts
.new—wSo just ui ss
ttphuebsl
ios
hmeed:
We take it for granted that it is one bus‘ing itself with real
scenes and adventures; since the highly-popular " City of the
Sultan," has already shown that department of literature to be
singularly the forte of this gifted lady. We have heard that
a considerable portion of the volumes are dedicated to a sojourn
(of all places in the world for a lady, and a single one) in the
monastery of Chartreuse, whose rules and orders prohibit in
the most strict manner the presence of any female within its
walls ! If this
Par be tru
'se,
lively d spirited pcn.
Bells Life in London and Sporting Chronicle
enlarged, and no additional charge—Price Fivepence On
Sunday,
March 25th, the promised enlargement of Bell's Life'
in London will take place, thereby affording additional scope
for the extension of its Miscellaneous as well as Sporting In-
telligence. Extraordinary eff.trts will be made, by the employ-
ment of competent correspondents, to procure the most accu-
rate accounts of the approaching Causing Meetings in all
paits of tiie kingdom—Steeple Chaces—llunting exploits, and
every event interesting to the Sporting world—while, in the
Racier; d• partrnent, 'the high reputation an
susta d accuracy of this
widely circulated Journal, will be fully ined. 07deis
received by every News Agent in the United Kingdom.
—port-
ing Advertisements of Coursing Meetings, Steeple Chaces,
Race Meetings, &c., must be sent to the Office on or before
the Friday previous to publication—a rule also applicable to
the Sporting communica,ions of our friends. Price of Belt's
Life in London, five pence. Office, No. 170, Strand, where
can be had for threepence each, together or separate, parts 1,
9,3, 4, and 5, of the Gallery tie corniCalitieS ; the 5 parts
contain 433 comic wood-cuts, the cost of whiah, designing,
and engraving, exceeded two thousand pounds—near tWo
millions have been sold—never out of print. Part 6of the
Gallery of Comiealitigs, price threepence only, will be pub-
lished at No. 170, strand, og the NLh of April: Any at the
Parts taken back, and the cost price of twopenCe e4ch
r turned, before Jan, 1, 1139. Placards for :Atop windows.
\VILA 1, ERS.,-,—ToeSday aftgrnoon the three whalers
belonging to the port of Leith left the barbing amidst a iargp
concourse of spectators.—Benvich Advertiser.

IMPERI.

.A.MENT

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MARCH 9.
The SPEAKIIR took the Chair at ten minutes bAore Four

o'clock.
On the motion of Sir R. PRICE, the Newcastle-under-
Lyme Election Committee was allowed to sit until five o'clock.
The Clerk of the Crown attended at the table to amend the
return for Belfast, by inserting the names of Emerson Ten-
nent, Esq., and George Dunbar, Esq., in the place of Lord
Belfast and James Gibson, Esq.
Mr. TENNENT and Mr. DUNBAR. then took the oaths and

their seats.
On the motion of Mr. TOWNLEY PALMER, the Ribble
Navigation Bill was read a second time and ordered to be

committed.
Mr. B ROTHE RTON presented a petition from Salford,
against the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Railway Bill.
Sir M. WOOD obtained leave to bring in a Bill to widen
the streets from Holborn-bridge to Clerkenwell.
Mr. C HA LMER S brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Ardrossan Railway, finding the Standing Orders had
not been complied with.
Mr. BAIN E S presented a petition from a place in York-
shire praying for the entire abolition of the negro apprentice-
ship system as existing in the West Indies. He had been mis-
reported on this subject. He had never stated that the
Act for abolishing negro slavery had been an entire failure.
Had either he or any one else done so, he believed the statement
would have been a most erroneous one. The lion. Member
alio presented a petition from a surgeon of the name of Ward,
of Sheffield, with a most singular prayer. He prayed that every
person might be allowed to take such means as he pleased for
the recovery of his own health, and that they might not be
forced to take the advice of either physicians or surgeons.
Lord CASTLE RE AG H presented t petition from the
Corporation of Bangor, complaining of the intended Irish Poor
Law Act, as being tyrannous in the suppression of vagrancy,
and making too little distinction between the unfortunate and
the vicious poor.
Lord SHELBURNE presented a petition from Chard,
praying for the immediate abolition of the negro apprentice-

ship system.
Mr. GODSON presented a petition from Kidderminster
against the Rating of small Tenements' Bill.
FREEMENS' STAMP DUTIES.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, in consequence of the decision come
to in the other House upon the Parliamentary Electors' Bill,
he would, on Monday next, give notice that he should, on the
27th inst. move for leave to bring in a Bill to abolish the
Stamp Duties on admissions of freemen to Corporations.
Mr. SCHOLEPIELD presented petitions from several
Dissenting Congregations in Birmingham, praying for the
entire abolition of the negro apprenticeship system.
IRISH POOR-LAW.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition from Arklow, praying
for relief of the Irish poor.
NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. WRIGHTSON presented a petition from Doncaster,
and other places in Yorkshire, against negro apprenticeship.
Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented petitions from several
places in Lancashire to the same effect.
IRISH CHURCH.

Col. CONOLLY presented a petition from Londonderry
For the restoration of the suppressed Sees.
POST HORSE DUTIES.

Sir E. KNATCHBUL L presented a petition from stage
coach proprietors in the county of Kent for the abolition of the
Post Horse Duty; and a petition from Widmer for an amend-
ment of the Boundaries Bill.
SCOTCH CHURCH ENDOWMENT.

Mr. CHALMERS presented several petitions against any
additional endowments of the Church of Scotland.
Mr. ELLIOTT presented a petition to the same effect.
STANDING ORDERS COMMITTEE.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL brought up the Report.
ROMAN CATHOLIC ENCROACHMENTS.

Mr. PL UM PT RE said that as he had a petition to present
reflecting in some measure on the members of the Roman
Catholic religion, he hoped that he would be permitted in
the first place to state, that while he, as a Protestant,
held, and asserted the opinion, that the Roman Catho-
lic Relief Bill ought never to have been passed, he dis-
claimed any but the most kind and charitable feelings towards
there.—( Hear, hear.) He warred Rot with persons but
with principles. The petition which he had to present was
from Ow inhabitants of Blackheath, and was most numerously
signed. It represented the great and increasing perils
to which the Protestant Church, and consequently civil and
religious liberty were exposed, by the assaults of Popery,
aided by liberalism and infidelity.—( Hear, hear, and a
laugh.) The petitioners complained that at the last
general election intimidation was carried on to a fearful
extent in Ireland by the Roman Catholic Priesthood—
that the lives and properties of Protestant voters were ren-
dered insecure—and in some eases sacrificed under circum-
stances of peculiar barbarity. They complained that the na-
tional system of education which was established in that
country has been carried on principally by Roman
Catholic agency. (Hear.) They lamented to see
that Roman Catholic Bishops and Priets have, contrary to the
principles of the British Constitution, been appointed at the
public expense, and stationed in the British Colonies. They
regretted to see the patronage of the Crown chiefly distri-
buted amongst Papists, or persons in their interest. They
further stated it as their opinion, that the Established
Church would soon be overturned in Ireland, and that the
Members of it were already suffering grievous persecution.
They therefore prayed, that as the Protestant Church and the
succession to the throne were endangered by the encroach-
ments of Popery, and the encouragement given to it by her
Majesty's Ministers, that the House would give their serious
attention to the consideration of the grievances complained of;
that steps might be taken to preserve the Protestant religion ;
and the maintenance of that peace and tranquillity which was
derived therefrom
The SPEAKER put the question that the petition lie on
the table.
Mr. O'CONNELL—That it be read first, if you please.
I like to hear such compositions.—( Hear, and laughter.)
The petition was then read at length by the Clerk, and
afterwards laid on the table.
Mr. FA Z A KERLE Y brought up a Report from the Poor
Law Committee.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from Finglassie, in the
county of Fife, against the Corn Laws.
COMMITTEES.

Mr. HUME wished to call the attention of the House to
the proceedings connected with its records. Instructions were
given that in Select Committees and Private Committees the
clerks should, in taking the divisions, not only take down the
Members who voted, but also the names ; and no one could be
ignorant of the advantages arising from this course. He
mslied it also to be extended to Election Petitions. He was
well aware that these Committees were appointed and regu-
lated by the Grenville Act; but the duty of the clerks de-
pended on the instructions which the House might give them
asits servants to conduct its proceedings. His object was
that the same rule should be adopted as was pursued with
respect to public and private Bills.
The SPEAKER said, that if the matter were left to him,
he should say that he should not feel himself at liberty
to give any such direction, as he considered when a Committee
had been sworn at the table, all the powers of the House
were transferred to that Committee, and that he, as Speaker of
that House, had no authority to give the direction asked for by the
Hon. MemL if
the for Kilkenney. What the House might do f
the subject were brought in a proper shape before it, was another
question.

NEWSPAPERS IN INDIA.
Mr. II UNIE said that, perhaps, the better course would be
o Rive notice that it was his intention to bring forward the
subject on some specific day. He thought every thing con•
neeted with the duty of that House should be made public.
His motion would be to ektend to Election Committees
the same directions as had been given to Select and
Private Committees with regard to recording the names
on all divisions. If it met with the sanction of the House, he
would name Tuesday next for bringing the subject forward.
As he saw the President of the Board of Trade in his place,
he wished to put a question to him, which was of importance
to those who resided in India. The House would recollect that,
within a few years, laws had passed giving facilities for the trans-
mission of newspapers to any part of the colonies. Newspapers
were now carried to the colonies free of postage, but with respect
to India that was not the case ; the newspapers that were sent
to Bombay, Madras, or Calm ta, cost Is. or 15d. for postage,
the result of which wa-,, that numerous officers there were
totally ignorant of what was going forward in this country,
without they chose to pay the expense of postage. He trusted
the Government would either bring the subject before the
Court of Directors, or adopt such measures as would effect so
desirable an object as the transmission of newspapers to India.
Sir J C. HOBHO USE said, that the matter referred to
by the Member for Kilkenny was entirely one of revenue,
and the question was whether it would be proper that those
who read newspapers in India should pay the expense of their
c.'irriarr'"e themselves, or that it should be paid by the Govern-
ment. With respect to the Colonies, it was very different.
The expense of carrying the immense number of Newspapers
which would be sent out, if they were carried free by the
Government, would be very great, inasmuch as they
would have to he carried on the backs of men. He could
assure the Hon. Gentlemen that he considered the matter of
so much importance, that he would communicate with the
Directors upon it. As they now had a free press in India, he
considered that it would be a great benefit if the people in
India were allowed to have that which was a much better ma-
terial than the Indian press, viz., the English press.
Lord PALMERSTON presented a petition from Tiver-
ton, complaining of the violation of the Slavery Abolition Act
by the planters, and praying for the in-mediae abolition of the
system of apprenticeship.
Mr. J. GRATTAN presented a petition, praying for the
repeal of the duty on marine insurances.
NELSON'S STATUE.
Sir E. CODRINGTON, seeing the Chancellor of the
Exchequer in his place, wished to renew a question he put to
him last Session respecting the above subject. A meeting had
been called for a private subscription in order to raise it : he
for one could not subscribe for such a purpose, as he thought
the monument ought to be raised at the public expense. He
wished to know from the Right Hon. Gentleman what he in-
' tended to do upon the subject? He decidedly thought the
matter should be done separately, whatever party did it.
This CllANCgtel't of the F!?cC4EQUER. said that
since his Hon. and allant griend put ticelliiesCion to him
last year, he had heard there was a disposition on the part of
the profession to raise a subscription for the erection of a
national monument to lord Nelson i ancl 14114 r these circum-
stances he clid not think the Government ought to interfere
farther than to appropriate the site.
Sir E. CODRINGTON thought it would he a disgrac
to the nation if the moptiment ihoil4 be erectedby private
I subscription.

FEMALE EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA.
Mr. CHARLES LUSHINGTON begged leave to ask
a question of the Hon. Baronet, the Member for Leeds.
The Hon. Baronet made some observation in disparagement
of the Committee for promoting Female Emigration. The
Hon. Baronet had stated that the Committee had sent out a

large number of prostitutes, and that these observations were
made on the evidence given before the Transportation Com-
mittee, of Which he was Chairman. lie wished, therefore, to
ask the Hoe. Baronet whether he bad any objection to exa-
mine the late Chairman of that Committee and the agent,
Mr. John Marshall. _ _

Sir WILLIAM MOLESWORTII said the Transporta-
tion Committee would not have the slightest objection to
do so. His statement was founded on a report of the Com-
mittee in New South Wales, that in ono of the vessels, the
Duchess of Northumberland, three parts of the women were
notorious prostitutes picked up from the streets of London.
IRISH REGISTRATION.
Mr. Sergeant JACKSON presented a petitio❑ (whence
we did not hear) for an amendment of the lush Reg'stration
Act.

CANADA AND SIR F. HEAD.
Sir R. INGLIS seeing the Hon. Gentleman the Under
Secretary for the Colonies in his place, begged to ask whe-
ther there would be any objection to lay on the table of the
House, papers which had been referred to in the recent debate
relating to Canada—he meant the address of the Congress
of Upper Canada to Sir Francis Head, and the answer
thereto ? Before his Honourable Friend answered the
question, he begged to make a few remarks. Sufficient jus-
tice had not been done to the late Governor ( Sir F. Head) in
this country, for he (Sir R. Inglis) believed that under the
blessing of Providence—( Question, order, order)—the Hon.
Member who cried "question," did not know whether he ( Sir
R. Inglis) was not about to make a motion.
The SPEAKER, who was very indistinctly heard, was un•
derstood to intimate that notice of a motion was necessary.
Sir R. INGLIS then gave notice, that on Monday he
should move that further papers respecting Canada should be
laid on the table, and that they should include the Address

view.

nd answer he had mentioned.
Sir G. GREY said, that a series of papers would be laid on
the table in a few days, which would comprise the documents

required by the Hon: Baronet.
LAWS RELATING TO MANORS AND COPYHOLD.
Sir E. SUGDEN, seeing his Hon. Friend her Majesty's
Attorney-General in his place, begged to ask a question re-
specting the Bills which his Hon. Friend had introduced into
the House, and which would take away the rights of
lords of the manor to a great extent. Of those Bills he
(Sir E. S.) would riot give an opinion; but they were of such
importance that he thought they ought to be submitted to the
House. He thought that they ought not to be 'cad to-night a
second time pro forma, and he begged to ask nis Hon. Friend
whether a night should not be appointed for taking a discus-
sion on the second reading, so that the country might know
the objects of those Bills.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL hoped, that with respect
to the Bills for the enfranchisement and the improvement cf
copyholds, and the fixing the boundaries of manors, and the
improvement of the Law of Escheat, there was not likel) to
be any opposition to their principle, and that there was there-
fore no reason why a discussion should take place on those
principles before they were referred to a Select Committee.
Sir E. S LIG DE N said, with regard to these Bills, he had
no objection to them at once being referred to a Select

Committee.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then would move that
they be read a second time.
The Copyhold Enfranchisement Bill was read a second time.
The Copyhold Improvement Bill, also, after a few words
from Mr. FRESLIFIELD and Mr. GOULBURN, was read a second
time and ordered to be committed.
The Manorial Boundaries Bill was read a seeond time and
ordered to be committed.
In reply to a question from Mr. LUCAS,
The ATTORNEY-GIiNER AL stated that the provi-
sions of the Bill did not extend to Ireland.
NEWCASTLE-UNDER-LYME.
Lord EBRINGTON brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Newcastle-under-Lyme election, for which see
the report of the proceedings before the Committee, in
another part of the paper.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that his Noble Friend the
Secretary at War, intended to proceed with the Army
Estimates on Monday, in order to obtain the approval
of the Committee as to the number of men, and
the sum to he appropriated.—( Hear, hear.) He did not
propose to proceed with the other votes on Monday, and the
Hon. Member for Liskeard would then be able to proceed
with his Controverted Elections' Bill. With respect to a
question put by a Right Honourable Gentleman opposite, as
to the papers connected with the Yeomanry, the votes on that
subject would not be brought forward until these papers were
under the consideration of the House.
IRISH CHURCH COMMISSION.

Lord STANLEY said that a fortnight ago the Noble Lord
stated that he would shortly be prepared to state the course he
intended to pursue with regard to the Irish Church Commis.
sion. He wished to know when the Noble Lord would be
prepared, or what course he intended to take. He would also
take the same opportunity of asking the Noble Lord, the Se-
cretary for Ireland, whether he had succeeded in obtaining
the returns which he acceded to last year, as to the fines
payable by landlords.
Lord J. RUSSELL said he had hoped to be able to bring
on the measure in the course of this week, but he had no doubt
of doing so in the course of a few days.
Lord NIORPETH said there were almost insuperable diffi.
culties in procuring the information, and he had not yet been
able to lay it on the table.
In answer to a question from an Hon. Member.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he
was afraid that the whole evening would he taken up with the
Irish Poor Law Bill, and that he would have no opportunity
of bringing on the Schools ( Scotland) Bill.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS.

Mr. C. BULLER felt much obliged to the Noble Se-
cretary for the Home Department for the courtesy he had
offered for Monday evening. It was very likely that his Bill
might be fairly discussed on that night if there were nothing
to come on but the two votes alluded to by the Noble Lord.
Ile was very anxious that no arrangement should be
corns to to which he was a party, which might
bring Honourable Gentlemen down to the House
and then be disappointed. The two votes might take
some time, but his Hon. Friend, the Member for Kilkenny,
had a motion on the paper which, in all probability,
would occupy a considerable portion of time. That
Honourable Member had already postponed that motion
three times, and, therefore, it was with great reluctance
that he asked him to do it again. However, considering the
importance which attached to the Controverted Elections
Bill, in consequence of late proceedings, and the necessity for
a settlement of the principle of the measure, he requested his
Hon. Friend, as a favour, to postpone his motion till Friday,
when he would have the same opportunity.
Sir R. PEEL considered that it would be far better for
the Government to set apart one day in order to arrive at
something like an improval of the tribunal before which Con-
troverted Elections were brought. Surely it was not too much
to expect that such a course might be taken, in order that all
parties might, after a solemn discussion, decide whether there
would be any evil in the House of Commons parting with its
jurisdiction in such cases.—( Loud cheers.) The House
should have full time to arrive at a safe conclusion upon such
an important subject. It was important also that the Hon.
Member for Kilkenny should no longer postpone his motion
which was of a personal nature. It was always best that mo-
tions of such a nature should be speedily settled.
Mr. SMITH O'BRIEN thought the House should at once
proceed with the Irish Poor-law Bill, in order that the other
House alight have abundant time to consider it. If the House
got rid of that Bill first, they would then be able more conve-
niently to proceed to the consideration of other important
measures.
Mr. HUME said that if the Government would ensure
him Friday fur the purpose of bringing on the personal ques-
tion of which he had given notice, and which he was most
anxious to bring on, he would postpone it fur the present.
He had felt some difficulty in hanging that question over so
long, but he could not allow it to go over another week.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that undoubtedly the prin-
ciple of the Bill of his Honourable Friend the Member for
Liskeard was a very important one, and it would be for the
House to say whether it would be pro,er or not to have a
tribu ial totally inseparable from the House.—( Hear, hear,
hear.) He would not give any opinion upon it
at the present time, except to say, that he hoped the
House would give great consideration to so grave a question ;
for he believed there had been no decision for three centuries
in the annals of the House of Commons so important as that
which the House would corr.e to on that Bill.
Sir R. PE EL said it was mast important that they
should have a preliminary discussion on the general pinciple,
on which amendments should tyke place, rather than that they
should discuss it generally. It was only in consequence of
what had been thrown out by several Gentlemen,
that he
suggested the importance of basing an arrangement to take
the discussion on the general principle.
Mr. C. BUL LE R said it would have been a personal con-
venience if the House would have allowed him to bring on the
Controverted Elections Bill
ion Monday, but if that were im-
possible, he would postpone it till Friday.—( Several Members,
" Friday, Friday.")
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that if his Hon. Friend had
no objection, it could be brought on the first thing on Friday
night.—( Cries of Hear, hear.)
Lord STANLEY begged to ask the Hon. Member for
Kilkenny whether he intended to bring forward the motion, of
which he hailgiven notice, relative to the appointment of Mr.
Primrose to the office of Paymaster of the Post-office in
Edinburgh ?
Mr. HUME said it was his intention to bring it forward on
Monday.
Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the High Sheriff
and of Westmeath, against certain clauses in the
Irish
Grand
s hPoor-law
Jury
Bill.
POOR-LAWS (IRELAND).
The House then went into Committee on the Poor-laws
(Ireland) Bill ; Mr. BERNAL in the Chair.
On Clause 59 being read,
Mr. S. O'BRIEN said the clause, as is at present stood,
was in many respeete
"Jtntionable, and he trusted that some
alteration would be made in it. He would therefore move the
insertion of the words "jointures, annuities, and rent-charges."
A long and ~nif
conversation took place between
(1
Mr- O'Connell, Mr. Redington, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Shaw,
the Attorney-General, Sir E. Sugden, and other Honourable
Members.
After a few word' frum Mr. SHELL,
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the words "all fee farm
and other perpetual rents" be introduced into the Clause after
the word " lands, 84c.,"

Air. S. o'BRIEN exdyessed his deterrniaatiou to di% ice

the Committee on his owra amendment,

Mr. WO UL FE said that it was the intention of the harm rs
of the Bill to except mortgagees, annuitants, and other incon-
brances from the payment of rates, and he concurred in their

•
Mr. JEPHSON wished to know on what the Hon. Member
meant to divide ?

Mr. S. O'BRIEN meant to take the senie of the Hose on
:he word " Jointure."

Mr. O'CONNELL said that his motion and that of the
lion. and Learned Member for Limerick were perfectly dis-
tinct. If the Government would agree to take his proposition

into consideration he would be satisfied.

The Hon. and Learned M.,mber's motion having, on this
understanding, been %ithdrawn, _ _ .

r.
Mr. S. O'BRIEN moved that jointures should not be ex-
cepted from the payment of rates,
The SO L I CIT R. G ENE RAL opposed the amendment,
and, after some conversation,

Mr. S. O'BRIEN withdrew it, declaring that he did so ra•
:her in compliance with the opinions of others dint his own.
Mr. SHE IL moved that mine; should not be rendered liable
to rates.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL supported the Clause,
and sail that the Coal Mines were rated in this country.
Mr. O'CONNELL thought it would be most unfair to im-
pose a tax on the future indtr-try of 'his eeseription of property.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL said that in respect to
mines the law of England aas anomalous. His opinion was
that all proderty that was productive should be taxed, and all
that was not should be exempted from taxation.
Lord STANLEY said that, in consequence of what had
fallen from the Hon. and Learned Gentleman who had just

sat down, he wished to know how the bogs of Ireland were to

be rated? The questio❑ was a highly important one, as it was
apprehended that there would be considerable difficulty in as-
certaining the annual value.
Mr. WO U LFE did not think there would be the least diffi-
culty on that head. It was intended to rate the bogs accord-

Ing to their extent.
Lord STANLEY said this would be most unfair, as it was

well known that great portions of bogs were waste.
Mr. WOULFE observed that although the bogs would be
rated according to the number of acres, still the amount of 0"
rate would be regulated by the profit to be derived from such

property.
Sir R. BATE SON said that he never charged his temanta
- - - • • •

for bog, and he therefore thought it most unjust that he should
be rated for that from which he derived no profit.
Mr. JE PH SON was understood to support the clause.
Mr. F. FRENCH did not think it would be possible to
ascertain the value of bogs. In his part of the country im-
mense tracts of bog were wholly unprofitable, and therefore it
would be absurd to make them liable to rate.

Mr. L E FRO Y said that he should support the proposition
for exempting all mines unopen from the payment of rates.
Mr. D. ROCHE said that the landlord ought not to be
excused, altheugh the adventurer ought.
Mr. LEFROY admitted that where the landlord received
rent he ought io be exempted.
Viscount MORPETH thought the clause as it stood placed
the matter on the fairest and most equitable footing possible.
The anomalies of the law of England ought not to be intro-
duced into Ireland, and as the Government thought that
wherever there was profit, whether from above or under
ground, the payment of rates should follow, they were deter-
mined to adhere to the clause.
Mr. LUCAS said that it was his intention to propose as an
amendment that no open mine should be rateable for fourteen
years after the passing of this Act.
Mr. SHEIL considered the distinction of his Hon. Friend
the Member for Limerick (Mr. D. Roche) a very proper one,
and he hoped the Government would adopt it.
Lord C A ST L ERE AG H had no desire to exempt landlords
from the burthens which they ought to bear, but at the same
time he objected to imposing rates on mines, because doing
so would interfere with the enterprise of capitalists in such
undertakings.
.slr. LYNCH said that nothing could be more fair than the
clause was as it stood.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that the property of that kind,
and all manufactories under ground, were not rated in Eng-
land ; and he thought it would be more just to relieve Ireland
from a tax that England did pay than to subject Ireland to a
tax which England did not pay. He did not think the dis•
tinction made by the Honourable Member for North Lan-
cashire between bogs and quarries held good. They were
quite analogous, and in both cases the subject matter was
carried away. It was his determination, before the Bill left
the Committee, to move a proviso exempting,bogs altogether.
The ATTORNE Y. GENERAL thought this kind of pro-
perty ought to be rated on the same principle as other pro-
perty.
Mr. C. BUL LE R thought that to subject this kind of
property to the payment of the rates would operate as a Yel.l
great discouragement to the employment of capital in the wor
ing of this kind of property in Ireland.
Sir W. SOMERVILLE thought that subjecting this kin d
of property to taxation would operate as a very great o
dis-
couragement to the employment of capital in speculations t
the kind. Should they be indisposed to consent to a total ex-
emption they ought at least to adopt the proposition of the
Hon. Member for Monaghan, giving an exemption for a limited
number of years.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL saw no reason for the exemp-
tion of this kind of property ; however, as the Honourable
Member for Monaghan's proposition only provided for an
exemption for a limited number of years he would have no
objection to agree to it, but could not consent to a total
exemption.
Mr. LEFROY concurred in the amendment of the Hon.
Member for Monaghan.
After a few words from Mr. W. Rocita, Mr. West, and
Alderman WOOD,
Mr. SHAW, with respect to the tithe owners, thought
they ought to be placed in the same condition as the land-
lord.
Lord MORPETH said that this point had been debated
last year, and the Committee had been induced to adhere to
the present course by two considerations. The first was, that
they ought not to complicate the relations between land-
owner and tenant ; and, secondly, that as the whole tendency
of their legislation was to remove the payment of the tithes
to the highest landowner, it would not be consistent with
that tendency to throw the burthen in this instance upon the
occupier.
After a few words from Sir R. FERGUSON,
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL for IRELAND said that
the preferable mode appeared to him to be to treat th©
tithe composition as in itself a substantive property. As to
the difficulty of getting Clergymen to pay the rate, be was
quite sure they would be as ready as any other class to con-
tribute their just share to relieve the wants of their fellow-
countrymen.
Mr. SHAW said that his objection had not at all been an-
swered. What he complained of as a hardship was that cler-
gymen should be :called on to pay before they got tithes,
which, perhaps, after they had paid the rates in respect to
them they might never get.
Mr. SH EIL thought if it was unfair towards the Clergy.-
man to make him pay before he received his tithes it should
be held equally unjust to the landlord to make him pay before
h 3 received his rent. On the lit of September last he owed
a yew's tithes to the Rev. Mr. Thompson, and he was
immediately compelled to pay them, though he bad not been
paid his rents.
Col. PE RCE VAL said that for his part ho had never cause
to complain on this point. He never gave the Clergyman ant
captious opposition, or put him to expense to recover his tithes,
and he always found him quite willing to wait until such time
as he was paid his rents.
Mr. O'CONNELL—But the Hon. and Gallant Member
got value for his money, for the Clergyman prayed and
preached for him.--( A laugh.)
Col. PE RC EV A L—l never was in Church or Chapel in
the conuty of Tipperary in the whole course of my life.—( A
laugh.)
Lord MORPETH said that he thought the Committe°
would perceive the danger of connecting tithes with poor
rates.—( A laugh.)
Mr. LUCA S contended that Clergymen who had not re-
ceived their tithe composition should not be liable to the rate.
Mr. GRATTAN said that the Clergyman received his
composition before the landlord received his rent, and that the
composition was deducted from the rent.
After a few words from Mr. LUCAS and Sir R. FERGUSON,
Mr. SHAW said thut his only object was to relieve Clergy-
men front the operation of the rate until they had received
their tithe.
Mr. WOULFE thought that Clergymen should be contented
to be put on the same footing with landlords.
Mr. O'CO NN EL L thought that the fears of the Right
Hon. Member for Dublin University were groundless. The
rate was not to be levied by arresting the Clergyman, but
upon the lands which were liable to his composition.
Sir E. S G DEN certainly thought that. the Clergyman
should be exempt from the rate until he received his tithe.
Mr. SHAW then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that there was a description of
ecJesiastical property omitted in the clause—he meant Nile
nister's money. There were fourteen large towns in Ireland
subject to this tax, and he thought it should be rateable. 11,:e
would therefore propose the insertion of the words "
nisters' Money."
Mr. SHAW said that the Hon. and Learned Member
might as well propose to charge the dues of the Clergymen of
his own church.
Mr. SHIEL said that those were voluntary contribution,.
Mr. JACKSON opposed the amendment.
Mr. Sm:eh, Mr. O'Brien, and Mr. Roche sueported, and
Mr. Lefroy opposed, the amendment.
Lord MOR -3ETH said that as it was doubtful whether
Ministers' money could he called a hereditament, be would
oppose the insertion of the words at present, but would con-
sider the question as open to further consideration.
On this understanding Mr. O'CONNELL withdrew big
amendment.
Sir WILLIAM BR ABA ZON moved as an amendment
that the words " running water" and " water privilege" be
struck out.
Mr. O'CONNELL would also strike out " fisheries." f
The ATT ORNE Y- GENERAL said that the omission
the words would not effect the object of the lion. Member.ert
nor was their insertion necessary, as the running water would
still be liable to its proportion of the rate levied on the land
through which it ran.
Mr. O'CONNELL th awl t it was a comical way to sus-
tain a passage in a Bill, to contend that it was unnecessary.--
( A laugh.) However the Right Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man was wrong, as the rate would not be on the land, but on
the capital employed in rendering the running water and water
privilege available.—( Hear hear.)
Mr. D. ROCIIE hoped that Government would allow the
words to be struck out.

Mr. W OUL FE opposed their omission.
Lord MORPETII said that as it appeared the words were
unnecessary. he had no objection to their being struck out.
Mr. PEASE wished it to be understood that the words were
struck out, not as being unnecessary, but for the purpose of
encouraging capitalists to invest their money in mills and simi-
lar si.eculations.
Sir E. SUI,IDEN agreed with the lion. Member who
spoke last. lie thought the Noble Lord hid not allowed the
omission of the words on proper grounds.
After a few verbal amendments the clause was agreed to.
Clause 61 was agreed to.
On clause 62 being proposed, that existing surveys were to
be used, if sufficient ; and, if not, guardians to cause surveys to
be made,
Sir R. FERGUSON moved, as an amendment, that the
Ordnance surveys should be used, to avoid the expenses of a
new survey.
On which the Committee divided, when there appeared—
For the clause ...
For the amendment
Majority for the clause —23
The clause was then ordered to stand part of the Bill. The
Chairman left the chair, and obtained leave to report progress,
and the House resumed.

The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of.
DUTY ON GLASS.
Mr. BARING obtained leave to bring in a Bill to con-
solidate and amend the laws for the collection of the duties
Oil glass.
