_,ONSERVATISM.

TT-^

(From the Sherborne Journal.)
Have our readers ever observed a dead crow in A
corii<ield, stuck up to scare off his fellows from play-
ing ln,voe among the growing crop ? Though not one
Spark of animation thrills throughout. his. fibres, vet
Quad and round he goes, bobbing and nodding, to the
diAnay of the lnio;.7ry tribe who are assembled at a
short distance. At first they approach him en masse,
bobs at them, and off they go ; another approach,
tail of the suspended black one seems to show
become unwary. The birds attempt to
sin, and TAUnd 9i04 flu; skeleton, as
'-arly he lit paid for §4ef! t9fFke
'‘e state of thing, with the
'- which, in 40-
n to (tighten riwrty
oorruption

and
that he has
steal on his don..
if to tell them how th.
rity. Now this is just
Tories and their Conservatis:",
thing better than a scarecrow, put
those who w0u1.4 destroy the crops
which the Tories had so plentifully sown. s. -
it is this—that the
Conservatism means anythin,fT,
great national institutions of the country shall be
improved and prt.served by Adapting, th_ern to the
increased intelligence and wealtti s} the nation,
and, by spreading their benefits and 1401, ;;;7
fluence amongst the body
of the people ;
is the conservatism of the Reformers, upon which
principle they extended the Elective Franchise, by
means of the Reform Bill, and gave the people the
benefit of invigorating the Municipal Corporations, by
electing their members. It was the principle upon
which the East India Charter was renewed, and which
has already revived our commerce—it was the princi-
ple which gained compensation for the West India
proprietors, when slavery was aholiiilied, Now, let
us see what the Tories have • set up as the principle
of Conservatism. The Government proposes to award
the same justice to Ireland as has been granted to
England and Scotland, consequently a measure is now
before Parliament for Reforming the Irish Corpora-
tions, and plucking up their corruptitsns ; what
say the Tories ? Are they for extending, yet main-
taining the principles of the Constitution ? No !
Lord Francis Egerton, in the name of Sir Robert
Peel, has positively proposed an amendment to anni-
hilate the Irish Corporations, and confiscate their pro-
perty—this, coupled with the exposure of the Tories
in the House of Lords, who, for some absurd scheme,
have been convicted of a mysterious correspondence
with Colonel Fairman, in which the army was to be
made use of for an unexplained purpose—this is their
Conservatism, and we candidly confess it is nothing
more than a scarecrow, which turns round with every
wind that blows, and is set up for an artful,' though
unsuccessful purpose, to frighten and mislead the un-
wary. The following is a very good description of
parties from the pen of a friend of ours, which appeared
in a contemporary paper, the Bath Journal:—
" The two most prominent terms in the political. voca-
bulary, and which appear to me to form the chief sources
of party discord in the present day, are, Conservative and
Radical.

- 1
' real

" The term Conservative, Sir, is easily and quickly
posed of. The definition, which, as I presume, ninety-nine
out of a hundred men of common sense would give of the
Conservative—spite of the denial, vain, and coy excuse'
of the Tory Journals, snivling and booing,'
" Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms"—

would be this : and inflated strutting biped (marvellously
like a courting turkey-cock), puffed up with the vain con-
ceit that he and his party (exclusively) deserve all " the
good things" in the country : and, therefore, determined, at
all hazards, to con-serve, pre-serve, and re-serve all the said
good things' to his and their peculiar use.
" But with respect to the Radical, Sir, our definition
must be somewhat more laboured, for it is a generic and
not a specific word, and applies to two descriptions of poli-
tical entities : bearing, indeed, a general resemblance to
each other, but differing in some of their less prominent
features. These two s)ecles may, I think, be properly
treated of under the two following designations—a Radical
in the abstract, and a Constitutional Radical.

" Their general resemblance consists in their grounding
their respective theories on the same grand principle—that
the end, design, and intention of all human government is
the good of the governed ; the point on which they differ is
the application of this principle to the form of government,
and the mode of carrying it on.
" The Radical in the abstract, if he had the creation of a
state, would mould it into a democratic form, or common-
wealth, somewhat similar to the United States of America ;
because he feels assured that this modification of govern-
ment is by far the cheapest which he could adopt.
" He would make all the offices of Government elective
and temporary, because he conceives that this is the only
method of rendering those who fill them thoroughly respon-
sible to the people.
" He would adopt universal suffrage, because he holds
that every species of property has an equal right to be re-
preseated and secured to its own owner ; and because, in his'
estimation, both labour and skill have the character of pro-
perty, and may, consequently, claim an equal right to the
elective franchise, with the more palpable possessions of
lands, houses, and personal wealth.
"He would introduce no. political union between
Church and State, because it is his opinion that such a
relationship is unscriptural,incongruous, and equally detri-
mental to both.

He would have no compulsory payments to the minis.
;ers of religion, but commit them (as in the primitive
:imes) to the voluntary and grateful remuneration of their
)wn peculiar flocks, because he imagines that such an ar-
rangement would engender affection on the part of the con-
;regations towards their teachers, and would encourage
he zeal of the pastors in the exercise of their spiritual
unctions.

" He would reject all tests, articles or religion, and other
stumbling-blocks and rocks of offence,' to the consience ;
,ecause he is aware that the intercourse between man and
is God ought not to be regulated by forms of faith and
lodes of worship invented by the legislature, or specified by
►ct of Parliament,

" He would not permit hereditary titles, but connect
iese marks of distinction with office, and limit their con-
nuance to the life of the official, because he thinks Le
erceives that hereditary titles are of no use to the cOmmu-
ity, and are too apt to generate pride, vanity, and folly in
ie individuals who possess them.
" He would encourage, by every possible means, and on
le most popular and impartial plan, sound, useful, and
•actical education in his new-formed state ; because, his
Immon sense dictates to him, that virtue (in the nature
things) must eventually grow out of knowledge ; and
rtue, he knows, would soon be dissatisfied with herself if

e were not associated with religion.
" Bear with me, Sir, a little longer, and I will conclude
y letter, with the detinitim or portrait of a Constitutionai
adical.

" Prejudices, Sir, are not always blameable. When
Tried in favour of that which is good, they reflect the
aracter of their objects, and become both praiseworthy
d estimable. The Constitutional Radical feels and ac-
owledges this sort of prejudice, in behalf of his country
d institutions' Born, bred, and matured in t':e one, and
intified from his earliest infancy with the other ; the for.
a. has his affection, the latter his respect, and his best
orgies are always at the service of both. He regards the
cited Monarchy under which he lives, and its frame of
vernment, civil and ecclesiastical, as better calculated than
r other to promote and secure the well-being of the coin-
mity ; but it is the contemplation of these in their theo-
ical purity, which wins his attachment and commands his
erence. The magnificent Constitution of his country,
, is his idol ; that Constitution which first breathed and
>ke in the laws and institutions of our Saxon ancestors,
I which, at divers subsequent times, has been reduced to
tmetry—recognised, restored, repaired, strengthened, and.
.ast defined by Magna Charta—by the Confirmatio Car-
mr—by the Petition of Right—by the, Habeas Corpus
t—by the Bill of Rights—by the Act of Settlement—
, though last not least, by the glorious Reform Bill,
with its provisions and capabilities, if they be ho-
tly and vigorously carried out into practico will leave
Constitutional Radical nothing to want or wish for on.
score of popular freedom,
With these impressions, and these feelings at his heart,
Constitutional Radical regards the chief Magistrate
conscientious respect—with the kind consideration of
e Toby towards the fly ; he would not injure a hair
us head ;' not a gem of the smallest size would he re-
. e from the crown, did it sparkle there, according to
not a prerogative would he strip from it, if the hand
he constitution had placed it amongst its jewels. On
:..ontrary, he would most cheerfully defend its present
ession, and future legitimate descent; with all his
Lt and main,' against every Germanized whiskered
ender to it ; against all the secret plottings of an
)ge conspiracy ; and all the open operations of a Carlton

The same principles would he act up.au with respect
e Aristocracy of the country—leaving their hereditary
, stars, garters, ribbons, and other pkiy-things, nn-
ied ; he would interfere solely with their hereditary
lonsible legislation ; he would include the Aristocracy
a the spirit and letter of the Reform Bill, and render
kings' constitutional, by the agents being accountable
people for the nature, tendency, and consequences of
acts.

its interference with the Church would be of a similar
ving, and not destructive, character ; he would relieve

bishop=, as a body, from the burthen of .their Parlia-
mentary duties, confining the trouble of sitting in the Upper
House to the two Archbishops and three assistant Prelates ;
he would have no
.translations, save the removal into the
metropolitan sc.eS (when they became vacant) of the two
Prelates, who had longest worn the mitre ; he would (with
a sacred regard to vested, existing in:crests) abolish nil
those ecclesiastical dignities which may be ornamental, but
certainly are not useful,' and devote their incomes to increase
the annual value of the Small-r livings ;he would introduce
the principle of equalization into church- preferment, pro-
portioning the value of the living to the quantum of spi-
ritual duty which it required ; and he would transfer the
purnant of tithe from the farmer to the landlord.
Ft lie would relieve all Dissenters, of every sect and every
„any,, from all existing disabilities, and award to them equal
eifil r•-rllts with their fellow subjects.
• rI e wR4i4 a.49t file 44110, to ieeure the free and in-
dependent exercise of the &active fi•anchise, and institute
triennial Parliaments, to insure to the constituent a faithful
dischaep o til§ (ii4RO;, 01be ho would
do instant junice !Q o'4 BrtermtslY and long-injured mem-
. - for tvhich, as Burke said, Clod had done so much,
try., . ••• .1,, •
and man so nue?
Irelandby giving to her re-
form, ecclesiwtieal an 4 pi01?-14 s7stem of
poors' law—and a heavy tax upon her 44.?,mge 4i4toMeY
—and, by bidding her rejoice, after her centuries of suffer-
;e-* (to adopt the language of her great patriot) in being
thei •
gq.cFr!c4 t!.9 -;titt9
being acimiited to tne same p-c..7.74.7.—a. -•-• --
same march 21 amelioration and improvement with Eng-
land and ficotiand,l
" In short, Sir (to close my long epistle), the t heart s
desire' of the Constitutional Radical is, to see a King pa-
rental and beloved—an Aristocracy respeetabie, and re-
spected, because it is useful—a Hotisc of Commons (freely
elected by a free people) upright, patriotic, independent—
a priesthood desecularized, spiritual, and zealous—a magis-
tracy conscientious, just, and. humane—landlorch libpral,z;
farmers and artipnl fullurn.ployed,
and fairly moral and p,olltlcat Wed.
of his country as hoautiful anti flourishing az, the vordant
garniture of its hills and willies," •

THE CREW OF THE MIDDLETON.—Other two
of tile pilera bar died, making now twelve altogether who
have fallen victims to th'e hardslups or the voyage, and seven
widows remain to deplore the nntimely death of their hoshands.
DEATH-BLOW TO CHURCH RATES.—On Friday
morning last, a vestry was held at the Episcopal Chapel,
Penzance, for levying a Church-rate of 4001. upon the inha-
bitants ; at which meeting Mr. Colenso observed, that he
thought the time was come when the Church-people should
pay 'their own p;perim.., ff; boiyeyeri the church was so
poor that it could not pay its own engagemen'is, which how-
ever he did not infer (casting his eye over the splendid chapel)
from the appearances around him, he would recommend its
supports to apply to the Ministers, as some of the future sav-
ings from the bishopric of Durham, now fallen in hand, might
perhaps be appropriated to their rplief, In conclusion, Mr.
Colenso moved, " that this meeting or vestry do adjourn to
this day twelve months." The motion was eventually carried
by a large majority.
The Dublin Society have obtained an elephant from
the Zoological Gardens, which was to have been sent to Liver-
pool per canal on Thursday last. The animal was walked
very quietly to Paddington for embarkation, where every pre-
paration was made ; but as soon as the slings were placed, and
the animal nearly in the barge, its struggles and cries became
truly frightful ; it dashed the paolta&es about in every direc-
tion, climbed over with extraordinary activity the enclosure
prepared for it, nearly swamped the barge, and got its fore
feet into another barge lying alongside : after repeated
attempts it was found impossible to secure it, and it was re-
landed to be conveyed to Bristol by land.
The Petition from Carlisle in favoor of the repeal
of the Stamp Duty on Newspapers, contained nearly 1,000
signatures
A very interesting ceremony was witnessed in Louth
Church on Sunday evening last—viz., the baptism of a con-
verted Jew. The individual came from Prussia about twelve
months ago, having been seriously persecuted there in conse-
quence of his desire to become a Christian. He has been duly
examined by the Rev. J. Horner, Rector of South Reston,
the Rev. R. Taylor, of Tetney, and by the Rev. E. R. Mantel],
Vicar of Louth, by whom he was baptised. The Rev. John
Horner, the Rev. J. Daintry, Curate of Tothill, and Miss E.
'Morris, of Louth, acted as the young man's sponsors on the
occasion. His intention is (as soon as he is somewhat better
versed in the English language) to publish a full statement of
the reasons and circumstances which have led to his conversion.
He is very regular in his attendance at the parish church, and
listens with devout attenton to the exposition of doctrine from
the pulpit.—Boston Herald.
A toad, imbedded in an apparently solid mass of
stone, was discovered last September, in a field at W., to the
utter horror of the operator when the shivered block disclosed
its unsightly inmate. The creature thus instantaneously re-
stored to light and life, hopped vigorously away, before the
momentary surprise had been surmounted ; and being hotly
pursued by a dog which was standing near, it escaped beyond
discovery into the long grass and weeds of the neighbouring
hedge. The colour of the toad was an ashy brown—pale and
sickly. The interior of the stone was moist, and the upper
portion had been hollow, but was too much broken to allow of
a minute examination. The stone was such as is found among
the common schist.—Mirror.
CHILD POISONED —Last week a child was poi-
soLed at Nlalton, by an overdose of laudanum. It had been
left to the care of a young girl, and being cross and bad to
manage, a female neighbour persuaded the girl to allow her
to quiet it, by giving it a little lodamy. What was considered
a proper dose, was poured from a tea-cup and administered,
and soon the child was asleep in death's embrace. An inquest
was taken by the Coroner, and the verdict of the Jury was—
Died from the effects of laudanum, improperly but ignorantly
administered.

FREE GIFT.—OH Saturday last a party were
drinking at a public house in the environs of Chesterfield, and
after regaling themselves some time, one of the company re-
quested " strap" for a quart. " Mine host," who beins at
the time Bacchiplenus, replied he would sooner make him a
present of a 51. note, wl.ieh was instantly produced on the table
and eagerly accepted by his guest, who, observinr, to the com-
pany, " nothing was so free as a gift," made observing
exit from
the house. Boniface, after "chewing the' end" of reflection
for a while, sought the assistance of the authorities, who in-
formed him that the only remedy in the case was to frighten
the holder into a restitution. A constable was immediately
employed, who, with some difficulty, found the young man;
after some discourse, the production of the handcuffs bad the
desired effect, and the donative (minus )s. 6d.) was handed
over to the landlord, who declared he would never deposit
any more 51. notes in the hands of another itinerant banker._
Derbyshire Chronicle.

FRONTIERS OF POLAND, FEB. 26.—1 t is asserted
that since the occupation of Cracow and its territory by the
troops of the protecting Powers, important discoveries have
been made in that town. They relate to the plan of a con-
spracy, whose branches extended to all the parts of the old
kingdom of Poland, and whose object was no less than the
organization of a general and simultaneous insurrection of
those provinces. The Consul of a great Power at Cracow
is said not to have been unacquainted with that. project.
Some accomplices and protectors in the neighbouring coun-
tries are also talked of. The execution of the plan, it is said,
was to have been deferred till the moment when the crisis
expected iti the East should take place. Whatever may be
the truth of this statement, it is a fact affirmed by several tra-
vellers, that thei;e have been, in the course of last winter, fre-
quent movements of troops in the properly-called kingdom of
Poland, Russian Lithuania, Podolia, and Volhynia, and that.
the 'regiments that had begun their march to the Pruth and
Lower Danube have been, against all expectation, replaced
by other corps from the interior of Russia. Other regiments
have been countermanded on the eve of beginning their march
to those provinces, so that the number of Russian troops in
Poland and the before-mentioned provinces has rather in_
crewed than diminished since last autumn. This fact is tf..o
more remarkable,.as the maintenance of those troops in r..)0-land
land and the provinces we have named costs the Governraelit
a great deal more than in the interior of Russia. It is said,
moreover, that the garrison of Lemberg, in Gallicia, has been
reinforced with t.vo or three battalions. In the Government
of Posen, and in Prussian Upper Silesia, the soldiers on
leave of absence and the recruits arc recalled.this year earlier
than usual.—Augsburg Gazette.
DREADFUL MURDER AND StrICIDE AT EYAM.
—The village of Eyam, in this county, was thrown into a
state of excitement in the forenna,ni of Monday, fiy the disco-
very of Francis Frith and b.s; wife• iiw bed w-i►.h their throats
cut, and quite dead. Frith i4r some time pP.st has been in a
desponding state of mind, and there is no ".,coubt but that the
unfortunate man first cut his wife's thrr,at, and then perpe-
t. ated the horrid deed upon his own pt•rson. The father of
Fr:th's wife has been in the habit of residing under the
same roof; and there is a conatnunication from one house to
the other, through which she 'usually went to make her father
a fire every morning ; but es she did not on Monday morning
come as usual, he knocked at the communicating door to
awake her. No answer wes made. He then tried the door, and
found it fastened: This circumstance alarmed the old man,and he
got a neighbouring joiner to enter the house through the window
and open the street door. Having let in several others, they
proceeded up stairs to the bed-roam, and were horror struck at
finding them both in bed, cover,A with blood, and quite dead
—the wife with her throat cti4 the hed clothes quite up to her
neck, and lying as if she was. asleep ; the clothes had evidently
been drawn up to her neck irt the husband, after he had com-
mitted the dreadful deed. afli'e latter lay with his back towards
her, and with his right arm out of bed ; and it appears after
cutting his own throat, had flung the razor from him to the
foot of the bed. Although he had been in a low state of mind
for some time, the last few weeks he appeared to be getting
well, and assui►,e.i his usual cheerfulness. An Inquest has been
held on the bodies before Mr. Mender, at the Bull's Head,
and a verdict returned---" That Francis Frith, in a fit of in-
sanity, cut his wife's throat, and afterwards his own."—Derby-
shire Chronicle.

We are pleased to bear that the 01(1 Freemen are
at last beginning to open their eyes to the deceptions, which
have been so long employed-to keep them under the dominion
and influence of the Tories, and are expressing an inclination,
in the event of another election, no more to separate them-
selves, in feeling and sympathy, from their fellow-townsmen,
but to make common cause with them for the general good
which they. have been so often deluded' to oppose. Bandon
must go.—Liverpool Chronicle.

THE ADMINISTRATION.

-
The missing whale ships have, for the most part, re-
turned in safety. They have broken the ice barrier: on
the Northern Ocean and gained the several ports to which
they belonged, br:nging joy and gladness to the hearts of
the sorrowing and weeping friends who were mourn-
mg fur them as lost. But the unfortunate Tories who,
on the day of the Address at the opening of the Ses-
sion, were reported by the London Press in the pay
of the faction, to be frozen up on the various roads
leading to the metropolis, are yet missing. They arc
still buried beneath the snow which overwhelmed them
on that eventful day, and if speedy efforts are not
made- to extricate and release them, the Session will
be over, long before they can be brought to rescue
their friends from the ruin which is impending over
them. There are, indeed, people sceptical enough to
regard the story of the snow storm descending as an
avalanche upon such multitudes of the Tories, as " a
weak invention of the enemy," a fable, a regular
" Maunchausen" and " Joe Miller," And they
gfctP!l(l their reasons for so thinking, on the feet
that none of the neformers were incommoded or im-
peded by the Maid 4torni, which appears to be alto-
goiter partial in its operations, selecting only the
tu les fur the victims of " its piteous pl,3int
we, ourselves,. Tat 3^0,11, w053;41 to cloAh4 4 o
tlona ei the faction as it) the cause of their digponi-
fiture---in truth, it iN wet music to our "":s to listen
to a ocanfosziden which implies
!.Liat they believe them-
selves to baa that the very elements declare
against them. But, joking apart, we are rejoiced, and,
we are sore the P,Agntity will rejoice with us, to see the
decfea§ed atTength of the Tory Opposition in the
Douse of Commons. They had talked so long; so
loudly, and so fiercely, during the recess, of the con-
verts whom they had made and their certain success
when Parliament should again assemble, that, in spite
of our former experience of their tricks, we could not
help indolzing rears and misgivings. Now, however,
that their trial is come, their strength is discovered to
be all talk, vox et proterea nihil." Their threat too of
seizing the reins of Government, and reinforcing thei*-
selves by • haring recourse to another Dissolution of
Parliament has also evaporated. The Corporations,
formerly a reserve for the champtons of corruption to
retire Lynn in their hour of need, are now against
them, and, whenever another election comes, instead of
increasing, as heretofore, will help greatly to diminish
their present force. In fact, we consider that never
did a liberal Cabinet hold a more promising tenure of
office than Lord Melbourne's does at this moment..
The country is with him—his popularity daily in-
creases—the liberal measures progressing and promul-
gated give universal satisfaction, and unite all divi-
sions and shades of Reformers as one man in his
favour and for his support. But it is not merely our
own opinion which we are giving, We have, during the •
last few days, soon communications from sr.,—
bers on the liberal side of the ..rat Mem-
thinking the present %i ' -mouse.
They ail agree in
" ministration to be firmly and per-
maner_tfl.37 established, beyond the reach either of open
strength or Court intrigue. Thevspeak of the Opposition
as completely broken both in hope and spirit, and, what
is of more consequence, rent and spilt by divisions
amongst themselves. The Ultras, they say, make no
disguise of their hatred of Peel, and the trimming,
shuffling, " How happy could I be with either" kind
of policy which lie now pursues on so many occasions,
while he is as little anxious to conceal the contempt
he feels for their folly and infatuation. 'We like to
hear all this ; we augur well from it for the country.
What says the adage ? " When rogues fall out, honest
men may expect to get their own." And, in like
manner, the people must be gainers by any schism
which breaks out in the Tory camp. Reformers, how-
ever, must not too confidently count the divisions of
their enemies as part and parcel of their own strength,
but must still be vigilant .and active. Aide toi and
cid t'aidera. When mischief is to be done, when
bigotry is to be supported, when oppression is to be
enforced, when popular rights are to be withstood,
when the spread of liberal principles is to be resisted,
the fragments into which Toryism seems, fo: the mo-
ment, to be broken, will again, like the detached parts
of a worm, unites and fight in a firm and determined
phalanx against all that is good, all that savours of im-
provement. The worm, be it observed, which -we
pressed into our service in the foregoing simile, is the
blind worm—the very type of Toryism !—Liverpool
Chronicle.

-11-; IVI AMU II 15, 1856.

r eit Which slavery occasioned, in order to save them from
oppression.

" 6. 'Mat several estates will exceed the present crop in
the next year, and the majority will equal it.
" 7. That when this is not the case, it can be traced to
sufficient causes, independent of- the loss of labour, which
of course must have considerable effect, when it is recol-
lected that on many estates the slaves were compelled not
only to work day and night as long as nature would allow
of it, and in such manner as their bodily endurance would
permit, for the six week-days, but were often compelled to
pot sugar on the Sunday. •
" 8. That a manifest supineness has been exhibited on
several plantations, by the fact that the next year's crops
are often estimated at much more than the present. I
know of several individual instances of persons declining to
put in plant canes last year, in consequence of the certainty
by anticipation, which they felt that the crop would not be
taken off at all,

" 9. The returns I send home herewith will show that
the preparations for the next year's crop have not been so
entirely neglected as has been asserted.
" 10. That the new system' furnished a most admirable
excuse for any failures and neglects which may have taken
place, and which will not therefore be attributed to their
real cause.

proof of it the relue
" 11. My conviction is, that in many instances the opi-
nions of individuals are much more favourable as to fu-
Wm IPAvveots than they chose to allow, and' I offer in
to© many in°' getting any information upon the
ances to my
sob:- •
~..et. '-ance which has been shown in but

" 19— That the overseers in many, I fearlessly say, very
many instances, have not given hearty co-operation to the
new law, feeling themselves shorn of all their beams by its
operation. •

" 13. That many of the attornies and managers have
been so very loud in their assertion of the failure of the
system, that they are now unwilling to admit the errors of
their opinions.

" Tlie first prophecy was, blood and destruction on the
Ist of August : in this they were wrong. The second, that
this scene would take place at Christmas, as it had not taken
place in August :in this they were wrong. The third,
that the apprentices would not work for wages : in this
they were wrong, as I know of no instance where the usual
wages were offered, and where they were refused. The
fourth was, that this crop could not be taken off : in this
they were wrong ; as it has been taken off in many places
much earlier than usual ; and if protracted in others, it has
been as much from the weather, and the refusal to give
wages, in many instaneesi' as from any other cause affecting
the success of the new system.
" 14. Having been driven from all these points, they have
now created for themselves a fresh object of terror, namely,
the next year's crop. On this paint, 1 have had some doubts
all along, and therefore, send the information I have re-
ceived, in order that judgment may be given by others. I
freely confess, that the report is, on the whole, much more
favourable than I ever expected.

" 15. That the manufacture and cultivation •
ble, and has received the least .--
has been conducted on the most antinuo- of sugar
• assistance from the
u system possi-
modern improvement.
ever used machinery. The plough is hardly
..- • , ,vnere adopted this year from necessity, it has
-.istvered completely. The cattle-mills, which are so ge-
neral, must be abandoned, as they work so very slowly that
they cannot meet the diminished hours of labour of the field
gangs.
" 16. That the ginger, arrow-root, and coffee plantations
are as flourishing as ever they were known to be.
" 17. That the negroes will improve, because they have
done so since the Ist of August, gradually but certainly, in
all parts where severity has not been practised.
18. That they bare had very little encouragement from
many of the managers.
" 19. That in the whole of the early part, the number of
Special Magistratds was quite insufficient, and this affects
them more than might be at first imagined, as they show
unlimited confidence in those (the great majority, I am
proud to say) who treat them with true kindness.
" 20. That they passed their holydays at Christmas in
an unusually orderly manner, and that there was, literally
speaking, I verily believe, not 20 absentees from their la-
bour on the 29th of December, and that they worked on
New Year's day without a murmur.
" 21. That there has been as yet no increase of religious
instruction or education, and very little of good example.
That the crop this year has been taken off without a single
instance of resistance, and of a superior quality to that here-
tofore made. _ _ _

" 22. That there has been less stock lost this year than
usual.

"'23. That they have in most instances worked cheer-
fully, day and night (when allowed to do so by night), for
hire, on five days of the week.
" 24. That they now dig cane holes in many parts of the
island at one halfpenny per hill, earning a dollar a day,
often digging 160 a day, when 70 to 80 was their task during
slavery.
" 25. That several planters reluctantly confess, that more
work has been done this year than the last, and that many
objections have been made to my comparing this year's work
to the last, because it was notorious they did not work at
all last year."
