POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BO W_•STREET
A young man of fashionable appearance. named Wm.
Frederick Box, 14, Hertford-strpet, May Fair, was
brought up on Monday by 18 A division, charged on
suspicion'with stealing a gold pin, value eleien guineas,
the property, of Messrs. Howell and James, of Regent-
street.

--- John 'Arrow, apprentice to tha:proseeutors,,sm being
sworn, said that tho'ilriioner had been given iii cliarg4
under a false impression.
Mr HALL said he, had nothing to do with false im-
pressions, and the witness should proceed with his evi-
dence and state'hoW the circumstance took place,
Witness then ,saidc'that the 'prlioner came into the
• shop, and. asked to be shown ,some pins ; they Were ac-
cordingly exhibited to him, 4nd he then requested that
other articles shOuld be shown to him, upon which he put
the pin in question into his stock, saying that he wanted
$.9 go into.,the next shop to make a pdrchase, where,
atter, making a short delay, tie got on his horse, which
Was outside the door, and rode off, leaving:word that the
articles he bad Veen'
,kakingiat might be sent to Hert-
ford-atfett. .
HALL.,—Did you acquiesce in his taking the pin
and ridirig off in_the, mariner yoa
.describe, without pay.
ing for it?
Witness (after a pausey— Weld:lid not.
Mr. I-lALL.,,You must 'state the case in a"ninre ex-
plicit manner, for I will net show you to keep back, as
you 'appear inclined to do, anything connected with the
transaction.
n Witness (after -Chnsiderable - hesitation)—When he
took up the pin.
Mr. HALL—Now, young man, I warn you to tell ate
distinctly everything you know of .your awn,kuowledge
connected with this circumstance, for it is a serious
charge t and, as, I. suspect you have been tatapered wi, h,
if I can discover that you. keep anything back, I will
certainly tommit,"you ;. therefore, aasweir my questions.
Who are you F •
Witness—l am in,apprebtide Afeisti. nowell and
James. • v... tt;
114 r. HALL—When did the,prisoney,enter your mak
ters' shop ?
Witness—l believe it was on last Thursday.
HALL—Then you mean last week. =4.
Witnesii-4 don't know whether it was lash.lbutsday
Or the Tnursclay hefcire, but I think it was on Thursday
week.

Mr. HALL—Did -he. come to the shop: on a horse
—Witteis 1-did not see how he came.
Mr. HALL—Who was it that exhibited the a'r'ticles to
him ? Witness—They were shown by Henry Webster,
but I handed the pin to him, and after making on ob-
servation to a lady'who was with him,he again took 'up
the pin, which had been replaced in the boi, and put it
in his stock ; be then looked at-other articles.
Mr. HALL---Vhat did Webster say on, seeing him
put the pin into his stock ? Witness-4le did aot.know
anything of it, but I saw'hitn do so, and Iti`Old Webster
after he had left the-shoP.
Mr. HALL—Did he make no observation about the
price ofthe article as he was going away? Witness--
No, he merely said he was going into the next shop.
Mr. HALL—Bave you never seen-the prisoner since
the occurrence ? Witness—l saw him ;by chance the
next day in Duke-street, Manchester-square.
Mr.' HALL-Being an aPprentice 1 should think it
„was your :duty to have given him into custody ? Wit-
ness—l followed him, but he got, off. 1-
Mr. HALL—Are you acquainted with the prisoner ?
Witness—Not in the least, but I attend here by the di-
rections of my masters.
11:1r.. HALL—Has any 'action bad a eunversatieti. with
you respecting the evidence you were=-about to give?
Witness=4 was told by Henry Webster ,to tell the
truth, and everything 1 kneW upon the subject.
Ikl •
Mr. HALL—Now, on your.oath; have not applications
been made. to stop the proceedings'? Witness—les,
this morning, by the prisoner's father,.
Mr. HALL—In what conditipiu.nl life is, tAlit
ner ? • Witness--He is tie 'Stitt of ti respectable gen-
tleman. •

' .In answer to questions put by,Mr. Rickards; the 'so-
' licitor, who appeared for the, prisoner, the witness said
that the prisoner 'gave 'a** cord with the address of his
father, who was a customer-of the firm upon it, and no
objection had been made to his taking away the pin, as
witness supposed that Webster knew the prisoner, and
at the time he put kin his stock
.Webster was looking
at him. The prisoner was in s the' shop about seven
minutes, and witness left the shop •tirith him, When he
had the pin in his stock, and he was present all the time
the Contract was going on about it. When he gave the
card he was about to go into the next shop. The pri-
soner also purchased a ring; which was to- be engraved,
and it was then he gave the card with his father's ad-
dresi upon it. A bill was
.sent by,another apprentice
the next morning, to Hertford-street, at the desire of
the. prisoner, and. the shop into which he went was
another part of the establishment. ' r
Mr. 1-lat..l.—Lf_id you. hear that any message ',had
been sent with the bill you speak of.
Witness-4 don't .ktionV; . nor do' I itiow that a bill
was sent, only that I was told 'Of it.

The constable said that he knew nothing of the
circumstance more than taking the prisoner into custody
as he was directed.

Mr. HALL—How many persons carry on the bu-
siness?

Witness—There is one partner in the department•to
which I belong.

_ the bill of parcels inclu, thepin, , Al-,,
not see it in his stock as he helped him on tb ::!).`017;:e
,the;
evening being dark. Witness did not know ape '. , ,
Box among his employer's customers, and he..al ter'''iN:, t
1
lady to go away with. the other.things withioo:loki
went, but he did not know that the prisoner had, the Pia'
He was not positive that the pin was gone from the
box, as there were so many of them, an 'the comets!.
when the prisoner got on his horse. To the best of his
ocill
knowledge he did not know if he bad, the pin when heleft, and on the discovery being made the order for the
ring was instantly countermanded. '- .
•
The witness repeated the evidence be had giv4n on
the previous day.
Mr. Wm..Sedwick, one of the firm, proved that he
bad all his information of the circumstances from his
assistants; and in case the purchaser was not known cash
was expected on the delivery of goods. It was' by his di-
rections that a warrant had beeri taken out,' he had
a communication with the prisoner about iettling the
matter.

• • Mr.- HALL said it would be necessary to litre' the evi-
dence of the apprentice Marsh, who delivered the bill.
Mr. Rickards was proceeding to argue that it Was a
mere contract, and that, the property in question' had
been vestedin the hands of the prisoner.

Mr. HALL interrupted, by observing that unleis he
was prepared to alter the feature of the evidence, it was
his determination to order a committal far- trial.

:Mr. Rickards submitted that in point of law the pri-
soner could not be charged with felony, as there was no
appearance of fraud or misrepresentation on' his"part.
Mary Anne Simmons, a showily-Aressed female,: who
stated thafahe resided at 16, Portland-road, proved that
she aCcompanied the prisoner on horseback 9n the ',clay
in question, to the prosecutor's shop, havitikpivihusly
offered her any present she would wish for;aiid After
looking at some rings, he directed her name to be en-
graved on one.. He also looked at some pins, and' said
he would take one that be had selected; ,cllt was a '-pain
pin, and he took off the chain and left the small pin
tvelrind. • '

The witness Arrow was re-called, and be said it, war
a single_ pin.

. .
gl. HALL—May I ask what bnsiness you- follow ?
Witness—l am a private person.
-.l4re HALL=Ia• what" capacity have yotu known the
prisoner ? Witness—He has been in the habit dim
ing me Visits.
After covsidtrible dis*Cussion respecting-tilt p-ouie of
the alleged offence; Mr: Rickards said, that atizthi pri
soner's family were highly respectable. he,-hoped', bail
'would ha accepted for his appearance to..aniwer the
charge at the Sessions.

Air. HALL said it was discretionary with him, and he
would not consent to accept of bail, for the fact of the
prisoner's family being respectable could not weigh With
him in digaarging his duty to the public. He should,
however, order a remand until the apprentice Marsh
wanld -be forthcoming, but ultimately the prisoner shoyld
be fully committed for trial.

New Edition, revised, in 2 vols. eve., with Map of Caubul
and the neighbouring Countries, and other Plates, price 28s.
THE HON. MOUNTSTIJART ELPHLNSTONE'S
ACCOUNT OF C&UBUL AND ITS DEPENDENCIES,
IN PERSIA, TARTARY, AND INDIA;
Cemptising a View of the Afghaun Nation,
And a History of the Dooraunee Monarchy.
11.
Second Ecntion, revised, with additions, in 2 vole. Bvo., with
rest ',lap, by Arrowsmith, of the Countries lying between
%land and the East Indies, and other Plates, price 245.
LIEUT. CONOLLY'S JOURNEY TO THE
NORTH OF INDIA, OVERLAND FROM ENGLAND,
through RUSSIA, :PERSIA, and A FFGH AUNIST A UN.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street,
Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty.

LACKWOOD'S EDINBURGH MA
GAZINE, No. CCLXXXIX.,
For NOVEMBER.
coNTzNTs:--

I. On the present Position of the Church of Scotland, Part
hifoetiasnanddWa-orYkear. .No P. alrit
I.—H. Herm otimus—lll. Goti,lltn's
—IV. The Queer Stick.—V.
lI.—VI. Philosophy of Romanlll•A'nr.—Vll. Cursory Cogita.
Mons concerning Cats.—% HI.. r considered as one of the
Fine Arts.—lX. Sayings and Lssayings.—X. The Tenants
of Holy well Lodge.—X I. Napoleon's Telegraph on Mont-
martre.—Xl I. The Crowning of Charlemagne.—Xlll. Have
you read Ossian ?
Strand William
Bls.clwood and Sons, Edinburgh ; and T. Cadell,
L ondon.

ICIS MAJESTY the; EMPEROR of
AUSTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
RANTEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
PREMIUMS, which (though they are NO LOTTERIES)
offer many possibilities of obtaining_
LARGE FORTUNES.
HEINE BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH.
are NOW SELLING SHARES for the said DISTRIBU-
TIONS. Persons desirous to purchase may receive, PRE-
TIOUS to giving any order, the PROSPEftUS and PAR-
TICULARS, upon addressing, WITHOUT DELAY, a line
to HEINE, BROTHERS, at H.AMBURGIL
P. S.—THE NEXT DISTRIBUTION contains Portions
of TWELVE THOUSAND, SIX THOUSAND, THREE
THOUSAND, ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED,
ONE THOUSAND, FIVE HUNDRED, TWO HUN-
DRED AND FIFTY, TWO HUNDRED, ONE HUN-
DRED AND FIFTY, and ONE HUNDRED POUNDS.
THE DISTRIBUTING 1),. BEING NEAR, and
Shares clearing off most rapidl,;, A RISE IN PRICE will
soon occur.

THEATRE ROYAL COVENT GARDEN.
UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF MADAME
VESTRIS.
EV.ENING WEDNESDAY, eCT. 30, 1539,
be the Opera of
Artaxerxes,
A 11. TA XER NES. :rfadame Vestris; Artzbanes, Mr. Borranie;mArra.
W s
ba .eR, Mr.
W. Harrison ; Mandane, Miss Austin , 7
ss A. Trqlor.

After which,
PATTER VERSUS CLATTER.
Captain Patter, Mr. Charles Mathews.
To conclude with the Farce of
NAVAL ENGAGEMENTS.
Admiral Kingston, Mr. W. Farren • Lieutenant Kingston,
Mr. Charles Mathews; Mrs. Colonel Pontifex, Mrs. Orger ;
Miss Mortimer, Madame Vestris.
To-morrow, The Sclnaol for Scandal, with He Would be an
A etor.
On Friday Rule a Wife and Have a Wife, with The Loan of
Lover, and Ask No Questions.
On Saturday, (the Fifth Olympic Night), Why Did You
Die ? The Handsome Husband, One Hour, and Twice Killed.
Dress Boxes, 7s; Second Price, 3s. 6d. ; First and Second
Ciritlos. as. ; Second Price, 2s. 6d. ; Pit, 3s. ; Second Price,
2s. ; Gallery, ls.
Doors to be opened at half-past Six—the performances to
eonstnence at Seven o'Clock.
Tickets and places fOr the Boxes to be taken of Mr. Netter,
at the Box-office, from Ten till Four, where Season Tickets
mar be had upon application.
Private Boxes to be had solely of Mr. Andrews, bookseller,
167, New Bond-street.

ROYAL SURREY
Ths pr•duction of .4.insworth's "Jack Sbeppard," has attracted
complete overdraws, and been pronounced to be the greatest
achievement eve.: yet attemped, it will consequently be
asted every Evening.
Tills EVENING, OCT. 30,
Will },o acted, A intworth's celebrated Drama of
Il JA CK SHEPPARD.
Ch lustra'ing all Cruikshanks' inimitable Tableaux Vivant.
Ron, arrcters by Messrs. Saville, Dale, Heslap, Laws, Smith,
'Seville,. Mrs. Vining, Mrs. Daly, Miss Martin, Miss
Otynt, Mts. Laws, kc.

THE BRE Aftcr which,
Daniel Robinson, Mr.WER OF PRESTON.
W. Smith ; Effi Miss Martin.
To conclude with the Comic Dramc, a entitled
CROSSING THE LINE.
Woolf!. Van Broom, Mr. W. Smith ; Pomona Vondertwil-
ler, Miss Martin.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MO
Morning 7 minutes after 9. 1 Evening RROW:—
... 46 minutes atter 11.

Y,ONDON :
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1839.

ImPowrANT NEWS FROM INDIA
CAPTURE OF CABOOL.
P:ighly important news from India will be found
in another part of The Sun. The war in Afgha-
nistan is happily and triumphantly terminated.
British enterprise and valour have been equally
manifested in the restoration of the Shah SHOOJAH-
00L-MOOLK to the Throne of Cabool. We
well remember that when the question of the
expediency of the expedition for the re-
storation of the SHAH was first mooted
in the House of Lords, the Duke of WELLING-
TON, and, we believe, the Marquis of WELLESLEY,
denounced it as perfectly visionary, the Noble Duke
adding, that he knew enough of the country to be
able to predict that it would terminate in the disor-
ganization, discomfiture, and loss of our army. The
result proves that even the illustrious Duke is
liable at times to underrate the talents of our offi-
cers, and the bravery of our troops. The storm-
ng, on the 23d of Jul,, of the strong fortress of
'Ghuznee, was a most gallant achievement, and reflects the highest honour upon General Sir JOHN
IKEANE, and the army under his command. His
Excellency's despatch to Lord AUCKLAND, de-
scribing the capture of this fortress is so admira-
bly conceived, that we shall not impair its gene-
ral effect, by any attempt to give the substance
of it in a more condensed form. The fate of
Ghuznee so alarmed the inhabitants of Cabool
that on the approach of the Shah SHOOJAH the
gates w
B ere thrown open, and the Monarch and his
'h allies w
the 7thre received with open arms. On
AugAost, three days after the first division
r:t the British a • army had occupied Cabool, the SHAn
accompanied by
capital in triumph G
ofeneral Sir J. KEANE entered the
amid the shoutst nd the former peaceably, and
he populace, reascended the
nittsnud. Thus has the l'
Lord AUCKLAND'S Policy, most important part of so sh 1 i
ame ess by the Tories, been crown,; traduced with the most entire
blood, trea-
success ; and with a less c.,:,,..., of
sure, and time than perhaps ever attended an un-
dertaking of similar magnitude.
Besides this gratifying intelligence, we learn
from the Bombay Papers that the Rajah of SAT-
TußAir, having been convicted of a conspiracy
against the British Power in India, has been de-
posed, and his brother APPA SAHIB raised to
the throne. As this Prince has no children, and
is not allowed to adopt any, his dominions at his
death will be annexed to the territory of the East
India Company.
The news from China in the Bombay Journals
1...................

CITY SOLICITOR.
TO THE RIGHT HON. THE LORD MAYOR, THE
ALDERMEN AND COMMON COUNCIL OF THE
CITY OF LONDON;
Iliv Los I) AND GENTLEMEN',
. .
PERMIT 'no to return you my most sincere
Thanks for the very warns support I have received
during my. canvass. To those numerous Friends who have
not only given me their promises, bet have also taken such j
active measures for securing my stionss, my especial acknow.
ledgments are due. I regret, however, that there are some
Gentlemen whom I have Pitt had the honour of personally
meeting during my cP.oro'S, and to them I beg to offer a very
sincere apology, and trust that if I should not be able to see
them personally befr,re the Election, they will not attribute the
same to any.inter.tional disrespect on my part, but will kindly
join my friend', in an early attendance and a vete in my favour
to-morrow..
1 arr., ray Lord and Gentlemen',
Your devoted and faithful servant,
THOMAS
Queen-street-place, F-':,•itilwark-br idge, SAUNDERS.
Oct. 30, 1:7s;.!”.
P. S. My Committee will meet to-morning, at Ten precisely,
at Guildhall.

.BOOKS RELATIVE to the STATE of
AFFAIRS in the EAST.

be Printing Press was invented before Pro-
,estantism, and the Steam-engine since. There
were many similar discoveries and inventions before
as well as since the Reformation. For example
gunpowder was invented, America had been
disco-
vered, representation was introduced, and those
guilds and corporate towns had grown up through.
out Europe, which were the nurses of civil free-
dom, before the term of Protestant was heard of.
Since the Reformation freedom of local trading
has in most of the countries of Europe super-
seded guilds and corporations—which, compared to
their former power, are now little more than an
empty name; representation has been extended and
improved ; the southern continents have been dis-
covered ; and gas has been invented. Before the
Reformation domestic slavery had been abolished
in Europe, and if it have, since the Reformation,
been introduced into America, it has also lately
been abolished by law, which it never was, we be-
lieve, in Europe. A regular administration of the
law and a consolidation of the power of the Sove-
reign, taking away the jurisdiction of petty nobles
and chiefs, was in progress before the time of
HENRY the EIGHTH, and has continued since.
Knowledge of all kinds was increasing, morality
was improving, and trade was gradually extending
before we had a Protestant priesthood or a Protes-
tant Church. We remind the reader of these well
known facts—and multitudes of similar facts
!night be adduced—to prove that what is called civi-
ization has been in progress for many hundred, aye
housands of years, perhaps from the very begin-
ning of time, and is still going on as, or more, ra-
pidly than ever.
How much of the modern progress has been
caused by the Protestant Church, or in what degree
it may have retarded it, we are not now disposed to
inquire, but as the progress has gone on nearly pari
passu throughout Europe, each nation alternately
borrowing from the other, and Catholic Tuscany
having taken the lead in humanizing the penal code,
one of the brightest features of Protestant England
in modern times, we are entitled to conclude that
Protestantism has had little or no part in the pro.
gress. The connection between it and the inven-
tion of gas, or of the steam-engine, has never been
demonstrated, and it would be considered ridiculous
in any man to assert that the latter were the effects
of the former. We may safely say that it has had
no share in those manifold improvements in know-
ledge, in morality, and in the arts and sciences,
which we designate by one general term, as civiliza-
tion. How should it ? It derides art as unneces-
sary, it chains science by its own dogmas, and it
seeks to fix the mind to the knowledge that was
possessed nearly two thousand years ago. It has
co-existed with those improvements, but so have
laws against witchcraft, though they, like it, have
gradually fallen into desuetude and decay.
But though the Anglican Protestant Church has
had no share in producing these improvements, it
has endeavoured to turn them to its own profit.
By them its revenues have been increased much be.
yond its duties. Its morality having only a
history of two centuries, shines brilliantly,
compared to the morality of the Roman
Catholic Church, existing for a much
longer period and at an earlier date. Its ambition
may ever appear mild by the contrast, for since it
came into existence, the power of the State has be-
come concentrated in the hands of the Sovereign
instead of being divided amongst generals, chiefs, and
nobles, and it has been not unwilling, but unable,
to put its foot, like its parent on the neck of Kings.
The Anglican Church was indeed created by the
State and continues to exist only by its sanction and
support. Not that it has been deficient in ambition
and cunning, but it has operated differently. The
Church of Rome played off the people against the
King, and subdued the Sovereign by the power it
had obtained over the multitude. The Anglican
Church uses the Sovereign to subdue the people,
and calls the secular power to its aid, in order to I
maintain a dominion which its virtues and its
law. `the
would not ensure it. It is strong by
Church of Rome was above the law. For years
the Anglican Church was maintained by penal
enactments, and now trembles with dread, through
every one of the clergy, from the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY to the Verger of his Cathedral, be-
cause the Legislature refuses any longer to oppress
the Catholics for its especial advantage. The
Anglican Church is not less ambitious than the
Church of Rome, but it has to deal with more in.
telligent people and a more powerful Civil Govern.
ment.

Another most important consideration is that
the Press has grown up
petitalsoin modern times ; and if
it kee temporal power in check, why should it not
that of the ecclesiastics ? N either
Civil Magistrates nor ambitious Priests have pos-.
sensed, in modern times, the same kind of arbitrary

fis of little interest. It appears that the Governor
of Canton has actually burned the whole of the
seined opium, which puts an end iii the question
of its recovery. There wO.-e no British subjects at
anton, but the Americans—cunning fellows I-
7were ithlisinab immense profits by the ttansilip-
ment of British goods in American bottoms. The
whole of the Angio-Indian press is strongly in favour
of our Government taking ample vengeance upon
the Chinese, for the robbery of our inerchants attd
1
the insult offered to the RepresentatiVe of our
Sovereign.

LORD BROUGHAM.
We have been favoured with the perusal of a
'ettee, which arrived by this morning's pest from the
north, addressed by Lord BROUGHAM to one of
his most intimate friends, contradicting, in the most
indignant terms, the rumour that he had in any way
originated or countenanced the heartless and mis-
chievous joke of which he was the subject.
" Nothing," says his Lordship, "can possibly be
more false. It is not only not true, but it is the
very reverse of the truth. For knowing that I had
more than once been killed by the newspapers,
when there was little, if any, foundation for saying
I had been in any risk, I thought it extremely likely
that exaggerated reports would get about of an
accident so serious as that which had now really
happened, and I took the precaution of writing that
none of us had been hurt, both to my family at
Brighton, to a friend at Edinburgh (where I
thought the coaches might carry the rumour), and
to two persons in London, Mr. Eden, my brother-
in-law, and Mr. Miller, of the Bankruptcy Office,
both of whom I believed to be in town. These
letters must have been delivered in London on
Monday, for they were sent to the post here on
Saturday night. If either Mr. Eden or Mr. Miller
had been in London, as all here believed them to
be, the stupid joke practised on Mr. Montgomery
»ever could have succeeded. But unfortunately
it happened that Mr. Eden was not in town that
day, and Mr. Miller was most unexpectedly on his
way down here, having left town unknown to me.
Indeed the report, to those who know me, must
appear most ridiculous. Judging by past expe-
rience, I must have every reason to believe that the
announcement of my death would have been the
signal for an unsparing attack upon my life by a
considerable portion of the public Press. But it
is unnecessary to reason on the matter. The rumour
is absolutely and entirely false, and I can give it no
stronger contradiction. I feel a kind of degradation
in even noticing such a story."
Nothing can be more distinct than this disavowal,
to which every unprejudiced person will give im-
plicit belief. The mystery, however, still remains ;
but we confidently trust that a forgery which has
caused such unjust imputations, and such public
anxiety, will yet be traced to its heartless author.

1114:' SUN, LO

At a dinner of the Canterbury Conservative Re.
gistration Kentish Society, on Thursday last, at
which Sir JOHN HONEYWOOD, the Rev. Dr.
RUSSELL, the Rev. Dr. MOLESWORTH, and the
Revs. J. METCALF, G. WALLACE, G. BENNET,
and other clerg►ymen were present, Mr. BRAD-
SHAW, the Member for Canterbury, made an ex-
tremely violent speech. This gentleman never
opens his mouth, that we -are aware of, in the
House of Commons; but amongst his supporters at
Canterbury he is a most vehement, if not a most
eloquent man. He despises petitioning, hints at
driving her MAJESTY from the Throne, as JAMES
H. was driven, calls the King of BELGIUM
the serf of France, declares that England shall not be
the fee farm of a petty German Prince, and does what
he can to stir up discontent, sedition, and rebellion.
We defy the Tories to produce from all the Chartist
orations a more open provocative to rebellion—a
more avowed threat towards her MAJESTY, and a
greater insult to her, than was uttered by Mr.
BRADSHAW. His language was so intemperate,
that even the Standard, which does not stick at
trifles, could not insert the speech without expres-
sing its disapprobation, though it thereby condemned
all the Conservative gentlemen, amounting to nearly
140, who sat down to dinner, and received this
violent speech with enthusiastic cheers. They are
as much responsible for its sentiments as Mr. BRAD-
SHAW himself, and they are convicted of gross in-
decency by the condemnation of the Standard, their
own organ and advocate.

" We cannot copy," said that Journal, " the
speech of Mr. BRADSHAW at the Kentish meet-
ing without frankly professing our disapprobation of
its spirit. 'We feel that it is unjust to the Sovereign
and her family." Unjust ! It is unjust, disloyal,
and rebellious. Yet that unjust, disloyal, and re-
bellious speech—not one sentiment of which Mr.
BRADSHAW would dare to- utter in the House of
Commons—was vociferously applauded by the
Tory gentlemen and parsons of Canterbury.
One of the passages which most delighted them
was an attack on the QUEEN and her Ministers fur
supporting education without religion, which seems
very natural, for the Clergy of Canterbury have
demonstrated by their thorough and shameless neg-
lect of the popalation in their immediate neighbour.
hood, that they are the enemies both of education
and religion. How far they may patronise super-
stition we know not, but it seems quite natural that,
in a district where THom found followers and vic-
tims, the Squires and Clergy, should hate an en-
lightened Ministry and be ready to rebel against an
enlightened QUEEN. It is an honour to both to
be attacked by such persons ; and Mr. BRAD-
SHAW'S harangue, with the Standard's condem-
nation, will be of advantage to the Ministers and her
MAJESTY. From that speech Sir ROBERT PEEL
may see what his followers were driving at, and
either he must separate from them or share their
guilt. We have no fear from giving it the widest
circulation, for in all moderate and reasonable peo•
ple it will excite only disgust. Violent, arrogant,
unjust, indecent, disloyal, and brutal—it is a true
epitome of the character of the Tories.

We have inserted in another part of The Sun a
Correspondence between tbe Rev. H. T. Dow
LER, Vicar of Aldeburgh, and Dr. KAY, the Se-
cretary to the Committee of Council on Education,
which strongly illustrates the zeal of the Clergy in
the cause of national education. This Reverend
Gentleman applies to the committee for a grant of
money towards the establishment of a School in
connection with the National Society ; but when
called upon to subscribe the resolution of the
Committee recognising the right of inspection, the
Vicar of Aldeburgh, with well•feigned squeamish•
ness, demurs to the subscription of this most sit*,
ple and harmless document, on the ground of dan-
ger to the interests of the Established Church
" The condition," says this straightforward per-
sonage, " upon which the grant is offered is such
as to authorise the interference on the part of the
Committee of Council with the management of the
School." It is hardly possible to imagine a more
barefaced misrepresentation than this. There is
no room for imputing misunderstanding to a man
who had before his eyes the following words, which
form part of the very resolution which he could
not find in his conscience to sign t—" The inspec-
tors will not interfere with the religious instruc
tion, or discipline, or management of the School,
it being their object to collect facts and iqforma-
lion, and to report the result of their inspections to
tha Committee of Council." Can language, we
ask, be plainer or clearer than this ? It is impos-
sible for the greatest dunderhead in the Church to
mistake it.

power they both possessed before the Reforrnations
All these circumstances, hoWever; tend to ingest the
Anglican Church with a very superior charabterid the
Rornish Church; *Heti it 614 de'seives it it be, as
it it Wdt, the author of civilization ; and taking ad-
vantage of that adventitious superiority, the Angli-
can priesthood now claim the continuance of pd..,
vileges, and demand that cuntinifett CippfesSitin Br
the. Cathclit Which Would sever the empire. To
judge fairly of the Anglican Church, all the series
of circumstances we have hinted at must be taken
into consideration ; it must be remembered that
it is the offspring of later times and more advanced
civilization than the Church of Rome ; that it has
been a much shorter time in existence, and is un-
doubtedly
not tainted with the vices and crimes
which marked the Church of Rome before the
Reformation, except those it has inherited and has
not yet purged off; because it did not then exist.
We make these remarks to abate, as far as we
can, the insulting arrogance of the Anglican
priesthood, who would deprive all but their own
congregations, of the advantages of education, at
the public expense, and of many civil rights, and
would prevent them from holding office under the
Crown. We are inclined, however, to infer, this
arrogance has of late received so many practica
rebukes, that all the puffing exertions of Messrs
M‘GHEE and M‘NEILE, aided by the daily elo-
quence of the Times, Post, and Standard, will not
suffice to keep it fully distended. There was much
unanimity and no religious animosity exhibited at
Exeter on the occasion of Lord EBRING
TON receiving, in the Common Hall, an
address from the Corporation on Monday. The
particulars will be found in another place, and we
hail that meeting, and the approbation bestowed
on Lord EBRINGTON'S impartial government of
Ireland, as an augury that the angry disputes and
discord which the furious bigots of the Anglican
priesthood and their supporters in the Press have
been endeavouring to excite, have passed the full;
and are waning fast. Hurrah I The attempt o
the Tories to excite religious strife is a failure.

1)0N, Vir EDNESDA Y

being instructed, they do everything they can to
raider the iii§triletioti dies& and Useless: Inspec-
!loll- tldeS fiat beatise rht c feel ihdt
though the inspectors have no power to interfere in
the management of their schools, they have power
to report; and that, if mismanagement should be
blaMoned to the public eye, it must, in spite of
theiti, be eareeted through the force of public
opinion.

We find in the National an article exceeding two
columns ht length, the object ot lit hlB to throw
obstacles in the way of a liberal commercial treaty
between Great Britain and France. While Eng-
land is regarded with a degree of horror by the
Great Northern Powers as the cradle of constitu-
tional liberty—as the cloud in the day and pillar of
fire in the night, which guide the footsteps of Re.
volutionists, it happens strangely enough that the
organ of the French Ultra-Republicans can, only
discover in Great Britain a powerful oligarchy, op-
posed alike to the freedom arid the civilization of the
rest of the world. A ...cord ing to the Nationalno nation
—not even Carthage in the heyday of her power—
ever equalled England in the vices of selfishness,
sordidness, and an insatiable craving for dominion.
We neither see the charity nor the sound policy
of repeating or retorting such charges, though we
know enough of the history of France to be able
to retort them with heavy interest. But
neither the people of England nor of France
manifest such a regard for the commercial
or political views of their ancestors as to
justify their being held responsible for their errors.
The ideas of Frenchmen as citizens, subjects, and
traders have undergone great changes since the
days of Lours XIV., and yet we would under-
take to convince the National that they are not
more remote now from what they were at that time,
than are the political and commercial opinions of
Englishmen of this day from those of their fore-
fathers at the accession of the House of Brunswick.
How childish, then, or rather how ungenerous and
unjust to invoke reminiscences of national anti-
pathies originating in the ignorance of a previous
state of barbarism ?
The National objects to us that everything
with us is a question of profit and loss as re-
gards our dealings with other countries.
Whether we send Bibles or bales •of Bir-
mingham cottons, our great object is to ex-
tend our political domination, and of course our
traffic. This is paying a greater compliment to our
prudence and sagacity than we really deserve. It
is not true, and we are sorry for it Were our Go-
vernment and our merchants to pay more regard to
the question of p;-ofit and loss than they have been
known to do for the last quarter of a century—study
the rules of arithmetic more, and those of fanatical
and mischievous Bible Societies less--we should
be in a much better condition than we are at the
expiration of so long a peace.
The National accuses us of always crying out
for freedom of trade, while we attach to it no
other meaning than the permission for us to inun-
date other countries with our manufactures,
without allowing them to sell an article
of their goods in our ports. This again is
incorrect. All we want is a reciprocity of free
trade, and that is the utmost we ever sought from
France. " But," argues the National, " see the
practical results of your reciprocity. Within the
last five years we have taken from you three or four
times the amount in value of produce that you have
purchased from us. Where is the reciprocity here ?"
None, certainly ; and that is the very reason why
we want a new commercial tariff. France wants
articles of prime necessity, such as coals, iron, &c.;
and she purchases them in England because the
English are willing to supply them cheaper than
any other of her neighbours. We would gladly
take in exchange articles of luxury, such .as wine,
brandy, furniture, ornaments, &c., but the ditty on
these articles is so high that we are obliged to do
without them, or substitute for them
,home produce.
To maintain that this is no loss to French artizans
may appear very conclusive to the National, but
we cannot think so indifferently of the understand-
ing of the great bulk of the French people as to
believe that they will make such a blunder.

A case of considerable interest and, as far as
we can judge from the evidence, of considerable
hardship to a young man of the name of Box,
was heard at Bow-street yesterday. The prisoner
was charged with stealing a gold pin from the shop
of HOWELL and JAMES, and the witnesses against
him were two shopmen in the employ of the pro-
secutors. The first witness swore that the young
man gave the correct address of his father—that he
took up the pin in presence of himself and the
other witness, and gave directions to send in, next
day, a bill of the a7iicles he had purchased.
The second witness swore that he took the pin
without his knowledge, and put it into his stock--
(How then could he know this ?)—that no further
notice of the transaction was taken till next morn-
ing, when a bill was made out for the articles, in-
cluding the pin, and also that he allowed the lady
that accompanied the prisoner to go away with the
other things without payment; in other words,
that he had given the prisoner credit ; yet a
warrant, at the instance of one of the firm
was taken out against him, and Mr. HALL,
the Magistrate, refused bail, and persisted in
his determination to commit him for trial. The
family of the prisoner is said to be highly respect-
able, and must be thrown into the deepest affliction.
He will of course be committed, he will lie in
prison for three weeks—an eternal stigma will be
cast on him and his family, and if no other evidence
be produced than that which we believe is faithfully
given in all the papers of this morning, the bill of
indictment will, to a certainty, be ignored at once
by the Grand Jury. The young man, it appears,
is to be brought up a third time before being fully
committed, in order to hear some further evidence
on a charge, about which the Chief Magistrate said,
"he had made up his mind." The whole exami.
nation is well worthy of perusal.

The Monileur of Monday, received along with
the other Paris Papers of the same date, publishes
the following telegraphic despatches from the Spa-
nish capital :
" The Ambassador of France to the Minister of Foreign
Affairs.

" Madrid, Oct. 22.
" The Ministers of the Marine and the Interior have
sent in their resignations, which the Queen has accepted.
These departments have been intrusted ad interim to
the Ministers of Justice and War. On the 20th the
Queen was present at a review of the whole of the Na-
tioual Guard. Madrid enjoys uninterrupted and perfect
tranquillity?'
" The Ambassador of France to the Minister of Foreign
Affairs.

Serille..,

CTOBIii...)R 30, iBif).

as the general impression that they were cle&inftd to
occupy Constantinople.

Accounts had reached Vienna on the 1911 i
that SiEttiAtt AL/ had been ceiaed with an ,ipo-
pleptic fit, and that his recovery as considered
hopeless. We do not attach the slightest credit to
this rumour.

Prinee METTERNiCiI was expected to return to
Vienna on the 28th'.
We copied some days ago an article from the Sea-
/incite des Pyrenees respecing the occuplton of the
port of Passages by the English. The Phare, a Minis-
terial Journal of the same city, makes the following
answer to it '-=1" Rot as we were prepariog to allay the
apprehensions mandated ht any colleagues relative to
the stay of the English to Guiptikon-----apprehensions
tH ;it It we own were founded on feelings of jtiat national
perceptibility—when we received the following letter s
—"File cannon belonging to the English division are
deposited in the Convent of St. Vincent, The Devon
is expected, which is to bring orders recalling a part of
the division.'
" The publication of this news, which we believe we
may warrant to be authentic, renders it unnecessary for
us to make any observations."
The Phare likewise publishes the following article 1—
" Her Majesty the Quien Regent of Spain, appre-
ciating the s' rviees rendered to the Constitutional cause
by the naval force on the stati non the Cantabrian coast,
arid ofthe naval administration at Bayonne, has,by adecree
of the 14th of this month, conferred on the following
officers the insignia of the Royal orders of Charles 111 ,
and of Isabella the Catholic."
Here follow the names of thirteen officers who have
received their honours. Thus we see there is something
for everybody.—Le Commerce.
The following statement has been received from
Tours :
" The portrait. of the Syrian Bishop who officiated
about a month ago in the Cathedral has been re-
moved from the windows of some booksellers' shops in
this city. This sudden disappearance should seem to
confirm the report that this exotic Bishop, who was said
to have come to France to collect contributions for
the foundation of a Catholic diocese in Syria,
or Mesopotamia, concealed under his long beard and his
Oriental costume, a criminal condemned to the gullies,
who had broken his ban. It is affirmed that he was re-
cognised as such, and arrested at lirest a few days ago.
" We do not know whether by the means of his sa-
criligious conduct, the pretended Abd,el-Mesch has
profited as largely as at Tours, by the credulity of the
pious in these cities. As for those in this city, to say
nothing of the loss of their money, they have been com-
pletely mistified. It is a lesson which should prove to
them the abuse that may be made of holy things. It
was on this account that we refrained from mentioning
the visit of this pretended Mussulman renegade to our
city.—Journal des Dcbats.

BOURSE.—PAkis, MoNDAT, OCT. 28.
t irst Highest Lowest Last
i reach 5
PH, e Price. Price Price.
per Cents HO 6.) 110 70 ... 110 60 ... 1.0 70
3 per & ents Bl 00 ... 81 70 81 tio ..„ 81 7o
Bank of r ranee 2850 ...285 " —.2850 Latti:te Bark 5,0001 5215 ...5215 ...5215 ...2850
1,,,00f. So lo7o ...1070 ..,111711 .„,1070
171)
Belgian S per Cents lOll ... 101% 101% ... 101%
Bank 730 790 ... 77., ',so Dutch 2% per Cents 53 ... 53 53 53
Ac ire :.9N ... 30% ,„ 29% ;Nu
Passive
... ... 7%
New ferrel
N%
Portuguese 3 per Cents
... 25% •.. ea oi:t.tr)
... 23
unman ••
103% 103% ... P-3%
RAILWAY SHAREa.
•;;,.. ernial
..
Versailles, R. B
50 505 •
.. 502 50 „, 505
.
L.B. ::98 75 ... 298 75
.. 197 50 .97 50
Havr
.
Orleans ..
Strasburg to Bale
'5
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Viastrws, Orr 19
k pre per Cents. Metalliques
FV6II per Cents
ICO is
l'bree her Cents.
341)0 Shares
1559
--Allgemeine Minn:. Oct. 21.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK
LIVERPOOL COTTON-MARKET, OCT. 29.—The sales
this duy were about 4,000 bags. 700 have been taken
on speculation, and 300 for export. Prices without
alteration.

With the exception of the intelligence from India
received thi, morning from Marseilles, brought by the
Berenice from Bombay on the 13th or 18th September,
and received at Suez on the 6th October, we have
no other arrivals of consequence.
The news from India is highly important ; for the
particulars of which we refer to another part of
The Sun.
The strong fortress of Gliuznee has been carried by
storm, and Cahoot entered by the British Army.
These important successes, no doubt, will have a
great effect on the King of Persia, as well as on his
allies, who will find it more difficult to invade our pos-
sessions in India than they imagined.
The Kingdom of Cahoot or Afghanistan, inclusive of
Herat, of which Cabool is the capital, has a population
of 5,700.000 souls, and the capital contain a population
of 100,000 souls.
The intelligence received from China is of an unfa-
vourable nature. The Opium has been destroyed, and
there will be great difficulty in obtaining compensa-
tion from the Chinese Government to the merchants.

Thirty-four boxes of letters have been received at
the Post-office from India, which were conveyed this
morning by a coach with six horses';to the Post-office
from Dover. We understand that the letters will not
be delivered from the Post-office until four o'clock this
afternoon.

THE FUNDS.
Although the news from India is of considerable im•
portance it has had but little effect on the British
funds at present. Consols, which left off yesterday
at 90 Bl Money, and Account 904, sellers, opened
at the same prices, since which may be quoted
at 903- Money, and Account 904 ; Exchequer Bills,
4to '2 dis.; Bank Stock, 1793 180 ; India Stock,
246 247.

In the Foreign Market Spanish Active, which closed
at 29i 4, may he quoted et 29a ; Portuguese continues
at the leavink off price, 33i ; Three per Cents. 2314;
Brazilian, 721 ; Belgian, 103 i ; Colombian, 311 32 ;
Mexican, 311 32 ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents.
524 ; Fiv• per Cents., 991.

P i
Stock
Isiisi India24B
Bank Stock .
soli% Ditto Bonds
AT DYE O'CLOCK.
---
STOCKS 'PHIS DAY.
ouNi%.', South Sea Stock —
_ Old Annuities
354 per Cent
97.7/4 i.,i
,' New Ditto
Ditto Red.
511,000, 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1741
131 pp:l-r Cent.CeinCtE.
CSRoedoo::.
New 3}i' per Cent... ..... , , .
I,
—_,
~xch. Bills, £l,OOO 2 4 dm
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities toexpire ! Ditto 501 1 4 dis
Jo.n. 5,186 n 13-,%, 11-16, Ditto Small 2 dis,
Oct. 10, 1950..... ..... ~ -
Jan. 5, MO —_. Bank Stock for Account ...
Aprlls, 1930. — , India Stock for Account ... 250
Jan. 5. 1870 ---1 Condos for Account 9l \ %
PRICES OF FOREIGN FU NDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian 80:74s Belgian Bonds
Brazilian Bonds 72% 31, Ditto New Bonds l3 4 %
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Aoeount
Chilian Bonds
D tt. Accot. t
Russian Bonds, ISV —
Columbian Bonds ............... Ditto Account
Ditto Account
Ditto Metallic ................
Columbian Bonds, 11" ti
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds
' Passive, ......... '0,,,.
Ditto Account.
Hi'
..................... . .si
Greek Bonds..
DittDitto Bonds, 1924 --.I ----- 4 per cent ...... --f. —c.
o Account - i ------ 3 per rent.
......f.
___.e.
hlexicar Bonds, 5 per Cent, . ..—____. Exchange.
Ditto Account
DDitto, I per Cent SI fii % . Ditto Account... ............ 52%
itto Account ............... , Ditto, 5 per 8ent........... 54,'N,
Neapolitan.
—. o Account....... ......
,it ICES OF SHARES THIS DADitt A
," T ONE. O'CLOCK.
Paid, Per Share,

Wnrhostor and Birmingham Rai
Co!onial Join Stock Bank

Tway 25

24
A.NGE, YESTERDAY.
riibraitar 4B
Leghorn
Oenoa 3O 35
• .25 80
................. 31
Venice 47
Naples
Palermo ....... oz. 120%
Lisbon
Oporto SIS..
Rio Janeiro .....«.«. 2B
Bahia ... .
Buenos Ayre5........ «,... .
New York, 21 days' sight
Philadelphia... .. . . ....... 46
! PRICE OF BUILION, per OZ.
Portugal Gold, 0
Foreign Gold, in bars... 3 17 9
New Doubloons .......... 0 0 0
New Dollars 0 4 10%
Silver in Bars
HALF--PAST OIVII.
During the whole of the morning Consols have been
at 90; a for the Account ; Money, 90i ; Exchequer
Bills, 2 4 discount ; Bank Stock, 1801 ; India Stock
rather improved 248. Up to the present hour the news
from India has had but little effect on the British Funds.
M ,ney continues easy, about 31 per cent. in the house,
and 10 per cent. in the Foreign Market, for the settling
of the foreign account, which takes place to-morrow.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active reached 29k,
at present 291 ; Portuguese, which was 35, has re-
m'. d to 34i •; Three per Cents., 231 ; Brazilian, 72i ;
Colombian, 32; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents.,
.5211- ; Fite per Cent:,,, 091.
The private Utters from India will not be delivered
before lat, in th afternoon, consequently will not be in
time for the ev:,oing papers.

COURSE OF EXCH.
Amsterdam C.k. 12 7
Ditto, it sight .......... 12 4
. ....
Rotk .. niam U. 12 7%
Antwerp...
Hamburg. M.B. 13 12%
Altana
Path, 3 days' sight 25 45
Ditt0....... ......... 3 Ms 25 70
Marseille;
Rourdeaux
Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 151 ti
Petersbuigh, ruble... 3 Us 3B
Berlin
Vienna, effective 11...3 51 lO 7
Trieste ditto lO 6
Madrid 3616
Cadiz.....
8db0a.... 36

294 9

Bnircelon7.l

36

• EAL MARK D x'.)
LXCHANGE.
have been swat arrivals th!s week of Erigkh Grain
ard flour, but a goer! quantity Foreign Wheat. The trade
for vr 11, at has betn very tient, thoagh few salts have been
effected. In other grain no alt: ration. Here doing this week
in the Flour Trade at former pri:!es.
ARRIVALS.
Wheat _ ! our fl
En,11,11 ........ :IITXPArs, 2,1n-Or3 2,s*.aliacks
Irish ...... .„... -
Foreign ..„,..„ ; 11,1' 0 5,,1/70 3,010
NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL.
The supply was moderate, the demand fair, and prices unal-
tered. Beef, 23. 10d. to 3s. Bd. Ilut ton, 3s. 2d. to 33. 101.
Veal, 3s. Bd. to 4s. Bd. Lamb, 3s. 6d. to 4s. Bd. Pork, 3s.
Ito 4s. Bd. Geese, 4s. to 6s. Pigeons, 4d. to 7d. Hares,
2s. 6d. to 3s. 6d. Leverees, Is, to 2s. Ducks, Is. 6d. to 2s.
3d. Pheasants, 3s. to 4s. Partridges, Is. to 2s. Chickens,
Is, 6d to 2s. Wild Ducks, Is. to Is. 9d. Grouse, 2s. to 3s.
Turkey Poults, 4s. to 7s.Rabbits, 9d. to Is. Id. Eggs, ss. 6d.
to 7s. 31. per 120.

CITY FIT.
Supplies short and prices high. MARK
Th E
e demand was tolerably
good. Turbot, is. to 30s. ; Cod, 3s. to 20s. ; good Salmon,
very scarce and very high ; Oysters, 12s. to 40s. per bushel ;
Whitings, sd. to 10d.; and Haddocks, l s. to 2s. 6d.
COLONIAL MARKET.
But little passing in produce and no alteration in prices.
Imports continue light. Sugar—British Plantation sold
slowly at 61s, for brown ; 645. for mddling; and 675. to
for fine.

CINNAMON SALE.
The quarterly public sales are ever. A ♦ery small propor-
tion of the 2,300 bales put up were sold. On the first sort
prices were 3d. to 9d. per lb. loner than they were at last
sale, and 3d. per lb. lower on third sorts. Other descriptiNs
are unaltered.

• *
.4
4. •
• 44..
"Appx.'
,

Zfn au x+
