PARISH OF UTTOXETER.

The HON. MEMBER then stated he had a petition to
present of rather a novel character, as it related to tithes
of a particular parish—the parish of Uttoxeter, in Staf-
ford. Although the tithes (amounting to 1,2001.) were
amply sufficient for the purpose of remunerating the
Incumbent, and although they were vested in the hands of
the ecclesiastical body—namely, the dean and chapter of
Windsor—yet they were some way or other applied to other
purposes, and the incumbent who was the working minister
had only the paltry pittance of 20/. a year, with the Easter
dues, which were too small to attend to a parish of 5,000
s pulp. lie was obliged to keep a curate out of his small sal try
(Laughter)—and if he bad not some little private property
of his own, he would not have enough to live upon.
The property was originally granted to the Dean and
Chapter of Windsor, for the moral and religious improve-
ment of the poor of the parish, bat instead of being ap-
plied to the<e purposes, the Dean and Chapter had stated
th,.y could not tell what use was made of them ; and
therefore the petitioners prayed that an inquiry might be
directed, to see they were applied to those purposes for
which they were originally intended. The petition was
signed by all the respectable inhabitants of the parish.
Mr. E. BULWER supported the prayer of the

petition.
After some further observations from Mr. COBBLTT,
the petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LOCKE presented a petition from the ladies of
Devizes, for the abolition of slavery.

Captain WEMYSS presented petitions for the better
observance of the Sabbath Day, and for the abolition of
slavery.
Colonel GORE LANGTON presented a petition frcm
various parts of Somersetsbire, for the abolition of slavery.
Sir W. INGILBY presented upwards of 60 petitions

from different parts of Lincolnshire, to the same effect.
Mr. O'CONNELL was convinced that the Society in
general, and the people at large, were in favour of the
abolition of slavery.
Ater a few words from Mr. FINCH and Mr. O'CotiNoß,
Sir W. INGILBY presented three petitions from va-
rious parts of Lincolnshire, for the abolition of the duty on
malt, another for the repeal of the hawkers' license duty,
and the third for the abolition of tithes.
Mr. BARNARD presented a petition from Maidstone
against slavery; and one from Blackstall.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a petition from the
hankers, merchants, assignees, and others, relating to
notaries public ; also several other petitions on various

ste,jects.
Mr. EWART presented a petiiton from Liverpool for
the abolition of slavery.
Sir G. GREY presented several petitions from dissent-
ing congregations of Devonport, for the immediate aboli-
tiun of slavery.
Mr. COBBETT gave notice that on the 21st of May
he would move for leave to being in a Bill to amend as
much of the 21st Geo. 111. cap. 148, as related to stamps,
duties on legacies, and probates on wills.
Mr. COLQUHOUN presented a petition from the
hind-loom weavers, complaining of distress.
After a few more petitions were presented, the House
adjourned.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
