,
.i _ ---- -
."..-",',.,,-;.., . _ ', •
,
~, ..;
--- . .
--""r...--..,? _. ? • A ,-...:. ..
..( T--..,..•,...,..,,,.,. F.:1,...
~ •.,-,.. 3,f. :......-• •
4, •:_,...j, _,,, -,..,-„-......
~_ • ' \.-' • ,
, ..,

PRICE 7D.

,free some hesitation the crew of the Conflict gaine
Cr decks. Or examining her papers they fettrul
hat she vessel belonged to a Frenchman, and Wa'
mployed in the slave trade. England does no'
tterfere with the French vessels employed- in thi,
afamous traffic; and there is now a company of
ifench merchants at Nantes, who have entered into
• contract to supply the West Indies with thist,
-hom,and slaves annually !
It being steady dark, the crew of the CoVid were
shout to return to that vessel, the Frenchman hay-
ng previously produced his slaves (about fifiy-one)
wd he was actually sending them'helow, when on,
,f them--ran towards the Chief Justice, and said,
Massal. Massa ! ! me Sierra Leone Buy ! me
King's Boy-P' (The name by which the manumitted
regroes are known.) The Chief Justice imme-
lively turned to the Frenchman, and claimed the.
ag an English subject. On examining the boy
.e ascertained there was another English subject
below, whom he also instantly claimed; and subse-
piently two others were found. Having made
roper enquiries, the Chief Justice discovered that
wo of these unfortunate beirrgs htt&indeed been
berated at Sierra Leone, and that some of the
•olonists had kidnapped, and again handed them
'vet- to slavery. On his arrival at Sierra Leone,
-o which place he returned, he immediately hart
hese colonists taken into custody, and committed
hem for trial. The French ship he also advised the
Governor of Sierra Leone to send, with her master
ind crew and remaining slaves, to the French colony
it Gores, in order to be dealt with according to the
laws of Frame.

It does appear monstrous that the French should
dare thus to receive British subjects,—for emanci-
pated slaves are, to all intents and purposes, British
subjects,—who have been kidnapped in our colonies.
The facts here narrated will, no doubt, make some
noise ; but t here can be only one opinion as to the
conduct of the Chief Justice, which has done him
great honour.

Very little is known in Europe of the Moorish
towns in Barbary, and still less of the villages in the inte-
rior of that country ; and on this account the recently pub-
-I;shed travels in Spain and Morocco of Sir ARTHUR BROOKE
possess unusual attraction in the eyes of readers of all
classes. The sineular and interesting information des-e-
-loped in this work was collected by the Baronet frequently
at the risk of his life.

General GASCOYNE, on the night of the Re-
form Bill was brought into the House of Commons, ex-
ultingly said to a brother Member, " We'll kick nut that
cursed Reform Bill of your Little dreamt the General
that, in kicking out the Bill, he should at the same time
kick out himself.—Liverpool Albion.

LLOYD'S FIELD SPORTS.—A second edition
of this work, which has been pronounced " one of the
most valuable productions ever given to the sporting
world," has just made its appearance. It has the advant-
age of much additional matter, as well as of several new
plates. The particulars relative to the natural scenery,
manners and customs of Sweden and Norway—the mode
of destroying wild beasts in Sicalls—the chase of the bear,
the wolf, the &k, &c.—and indeed the whole detail of the
author's personal adventures will be perused not only
with great satisfaction by the sportsman, but must in-
terest all classes of readers. There are no less than
twenty-three characteristic embellishments of this delight-
ful work.

AFFAIR or HONOUR.—Mr. STEELE and
Mr. CHARLES 'MAHON. —A letter has been 'eeceived in
town communicating the following circumstances, which
every friend of the country must deplore :—Mr. Steele
received a " Terry Alt's" notice, warning him against
any opposition to O'GORMAN MAHON. He charged
O'GoaaaAN MAtiox with being concerned in it. Mr.
CHARLES MAHON told, him it was a lie. An immediate
meeting was the consequence ; but when the hostile
parties were on the ground, O'GORMAN MAHON was for-
tunately apprised of it, and by his timely interposition
prevented their firing. He insisted on taking his brother
off the ground, say ing that the quarrel was his, and
should he fought by him. Mr. STEELE, through his
friend, said that 01GoamArt MAHON might make the
quarrel his owu after, but the latter would not allow his
brother, on any account to fight. So the matter rested
when the last account left. It is melancholy to see gen•
tlemen of the same principles thus circumstanced, parti-
cularly when all parties are the friends of the people. We
sincerely trust some humane friends interfere and
prevent fatal results.—Dublin Morning Register.
The result of the elections having rendered
the question of Reform quite irresistible, it is rumoured
that some of its warmest opponents in the last Parliament
are beginning to beat about, with a view of finding some
colourable excuse for a convenient change of opinion—in
other words, a sort of re-peal.

On Monday last the body of a man named
CRUIESITA NES, which had been found in the river De-
veron, as mentioned in our Paper some weeks since, and
which had been interred in the churchyard of Alva, was
taken up in the presence of Dr. JAMES SMITH, Banff, and
other medical gentlemen, by order of a warrant from the
Procurator Fiscal. The reason of the exhumation was, a
report that had gone abroad of the unfortunate man's hav-
ing been murdered. After examination, the medical gen.
tlemen reported that there were marks of violence on
several parts of his body, and that the neck had been dis-
located in two places; that, in short, their opinion was
that the mar' had been murdered. A person suspected of
being concerned in the murder was imprisoned in Banff
gaol on Sunday last; but, as a precognition is new going
or, it would he improper to say more on the subject at
present.—Elgin Courier.

FEMALE PATRIOTISM.--During Colonel
Ihty EN'S unsuccessful peregrinations through Carlow
since his arrival, he called at the house of one of his con-
stituents, who had given him his vote on a former occa-
sion. Not meeting with the gentleman into whose favour
he was desirous of ingratiating himself, he accosted his
daughter, when the following conversation ensued

Colonel Bruen—Pray, Madam, is your father at home •
Miss—No; what are your commands, Sir?
Colonel Bruen—l want to solicit his vote.

Miss—Are you a Refornier to the extent of Lord John Russell'6
Bill?

Colonel Bruen—l cannot say that I am.
bliss—Then I will not detain you, but merely to assure you
that you shall not have my father's vote. He ;hall never vote
zga nst his country.
The Hon. Gentleman h.stily departed, no doubt mor-
tified at the feeling and indignation which pervaded the
female portion of the community on his declared hostility
to their country._ Cork Southern Reporter.

A well-dressed fellow, who sometimes calls
himself JOHN CAMPBELL, Esq., but changes the name
to suit his purposes, has been for the last month or six
weeks playing off a trick upon respectable tradesmen in
the city. He usually dresses in a well-built black frock,
and wears a chain round his neck, and sometimes a very
compact set of mustachios. He watches a house until be
sees the principal leave it, between f►ur and five o'clock,
for the country, and then in he walks, asks for the gentle-
man, expresses surprise and regret at not finding his friend
at home, and contrives to " victimize" the clerk or ware-
houseman of 31. or 41., by way of a loan " until next
day." Just after Mr. KNATCHBULL, of the firm of
KNATCHBULL, RULE, and Co., of Gracechurch street,
had left his counting-house some days ago, JOHN CAMP..
BELL, Esq., went in, and asked in a hurry whether his
friend Mr. KNATCHBULL was disengaged; and upon being
told that he had just gone away for the day, said, " Dear
me, I am sorry for that; fur as I am in the neighbour-
hood, lie might, if he was here, oblige me a little. " Per-
haps, Sir," said the principal clerk, " we can do it for
you. Is it any thing that I Oh, it doesn't
signify," said Mr. CAMPBELL " and yet—the fact is, I
owe a bill in this neighbourhood, and lam minus I find
Si." " Oh, don't say a word about it, Sir," said the
clerk, putting his hand into his pocket, and pulling outra
51. note, " I don't happen to have sovenigns about me,
but here is a note."—" Very good, very good," observed
Mr. CAMPBELL, " I shall drop in with it in the course
of to-morrow." Mr. CAMPBELL repeated his experi-
ments, with like success, at four other places in the city
within the last few days, and has as yet eluded the vi
lance of the police." • I
