SPAIN.

SITTING fIF THE CORTES OF MONDAY, MAY 20.
The Committee of Finance represented to the
Cortes, that being overburdened with business of the greatest
importance, they could not enter into the examination of the
national loan with the • deliberation which that object would
require. They therefore request that the Cortes will be pleas-
ed to refer it to a special committee capable of fulfilling the
wishes of Congress with thc promptitude which may be required
—Approved. •
A proposition which had been submitted by Senor Soria was
read. It was to the following effect:--That, considering the
urgent necessity of fixing and regulating the expences of the
pu:ilic administration, and settling the contributions necessary
to covet the expenses, which could not be done within the few
days which remain to the present legislature, the Cortes should
be pleased to decree the prolongation of the four months men-
tioned in article 107 of the constitution.
Senor Soria supported his proposition with various arguments
tending to show that in the present state of affairs the most
fatal consequences might result from leaving the Government
under the embarrassment of not being able to fulfil its engage-
ments. The only way to guard against the mischief he appre-
hended was to continue the session one month longer. It being
necessary that a proposition of this kind should be made
eight days before the conclusion of the third month of their
session, he now prayed that the Cortes would take it into con-
sideration. •
It was decided that the proposition should be taken into con-
sideration. One deputy expressed his astonishment that the
Ministers themselves had not proposed a prolongation of the
session, and opposed the motion solely on account of what he
I considered a neglect on the part of the Government. The
Cortes, however, approved the proposition by a great majority ;
the votes in its favour being 139, against it 3.
The Cones afterwards took it into consideration a report of
the committee on responsibilities. The report was, on the com-
plaint of Don Juan Manuel San Roman, Don Mariano 011er,
and various other citizens, against Don Jose Martinez de San
Martin, Political Chief of Madrid, for suspending the meetings
of the patnotic club of•La Fontana, and keeping the place of
meeting shut up. ,The committee were of opinion, for several
reasons stated in their report, that the said Political Chief
ought to be held to his responsibility, for having abused the
powers conveyed to him by article 2 of the law of the 21st of
October, 1820.
A warm debate followed, in the course of which disapproba-
tion was expressed in the galleries against some of the Depu-
ties who spoke against the Report, notwithstanding that the
President had, at the beginning of the discussion, forcibly en-
joined the preservation of order. Arguelles and the princi-
pal speakers were of opinion that the Committee had taken an
erroneous view of the question, and that the Political Chief had
neither violated the letter nor the spirit of the law.
~T.Cigaba,,..-.t-oefitr6v; intik/dr-Itt- r *
SITTING OF TUESDAY, MAY 21.

Senor Mpnarriz gave the Cortes an account of the assassina-
tion of Colonel Cruchaga, at Norduas, by 14 factious banditti,
and proposed that the Cortes should make honourable mention
of this patriotic General, and record the circumstances of his
death in their journals.
Senor Illontesinos submitted a proposition for the appointment
of a Committee to consider of the means for the re-establish-
ment of public tranquillity, by guarding against conspiracies
fos overturning the constitutional system, and for preventing
the fatal examples which have been set in Catalonia from
spreading to other provinces. The proposition was read a Ist time.
MADRID, MAY 22.
A Gazette Extraordinary, published this day, contains a
letter from • Don Josef Cruz Muller, dated the 18th, which
gives a despatch from Don Josef. Bellido, to the following
effect :
The factious, in considerable force, had the hardihood to wait
for me in the strong position of the Hermitage of St. Eloy. To
make the 'necessary dispositions, attack them vigorously with
the brave troops I command, and rout them, was the work of
a few moments. The cavalry made a brilliant charge, and the
ground was covered with muskets, carbines, and other arms.—
They had also left behind a white horse, which is said to have
been rode by the infamous monk Trapense, of whose fate I am
ignorant. I have given the troops a short rest, previous to their
pursuing, and completely exterminating the rebels. A provi-
sional/apida has been set up,and thetroops defiled before it with
the greatest enthusiasm. The people are tranquil,and have re-
ceived their deliverers with the greatest enthusiasm. I shall-
send you the circumstantial details ; but in the mean time write
this short notice in order that you may be informed of the for-
tunate triumph of the national arms."
The Political Chiefs of Vigo and Orense write, under date of
the 15th and 16th of this month, that there appeared on the
boundary of the two provinces 10 or 12 of the Serviles who had
taken refuge in Portugal, and who circulated Proclamations
calling on all the inhabitants from 18 to 50 years of age to rise
in defence of religion and the King. They collected together
a confused mass of fanatics under the name of the Army of
Faith. In consequence of the measures adopted by the two
Political Chiefs, the rebels were attacked and completely beaten,
on the 14th, after an obstinate resistance, in which a number of
Priests were killed.
Other letters state that the number of rebels killed is 200,
and that the Portuguese troops fired on the fugitives who were
endeavouring to escape by crossing the river.
In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, the report of the
Committee of Finance on the Marine Budget was brought up.
The Committee, before it proceeds to the reductions which it
thinks may be made in the budget, assures the Cortes that it
is fully convinced of the necessity of re-establishing the naval
force, that the nation may not cease to be a maritime power,
leaving even its own coasting trade to foreigners, and main-
taining this force for the sake of preserving its colonies. But
it cannot help observing, that it will be difficult to have a suffi-
cient naval force, unless maritime commerce, which is the foun-
dation of it, be encouraged. All the navies of Europe,
including that of Great Britain, have no other foundation ;
and • Napoleon, who thought he could have fleets to corn-1
pete with the English without commerce, had the mor-
tification , to see them beaten, and France, which go-
verned almost all Europe by its victorious armies, was strip-
ped of its colonies, and compelled to submit to a permanent
and shameful blockade of its own coasts during the long period
of the last two wars. We must, therefore, now confine our-
selves to a naval force compatible with the merchntile ,marine,
and with the resources of our treasury. That proposed by the
budget is, indeed, very limited, being only-5 ships of the line,
4 frigates, 2 corvettes, 2 brigantines, 4 schooners, for military
purposes ; and, besides, 1 corvette, 4 brigantines, 5. schooners,
for the service of mails—Total, 27 vessels of all classes.
From this number two ships of the line and a frigate must
be deducted on account of their bad condition, and the vast ex-
pence of repairing them, so that it would be more advisable to
build new ones.
The committee, considering, all circumstances, conceive that
it will be very difficult to have all those vessels at sea next year.
'ln condusion the commi:tee proposes to reduce the budget
from 104,335,192 reals vellon to 70,000,000, in which sum it
includes nearly 8,000,000 for finishing the building of two fri-
, gates now in the arsenal of Ferrel, and for the purchase of tim-
ber for next year. •

SOUTH AMERICA.

RECOGNITION OF SOUTH AMERICAN INDE-

-PENDENCE.
No. I.—Cory OF THE NOTE'OF HIS EXCELLENCY COUNT
RObIANZOFF TO DON L. L. MENDEZ, MINISTER PLE-
NIPOTENTIARY OF TILE VL:NEZUELEAN REPUBLIC IN

LowDoN.
Considering that the chinges which have taken place in
the commercial system of the ' Colonies of South America,
owing to the new political state of the mother-country, hence-
forwards open the ports of that part of the world to all trad-
ing nations, we have thought proper, whatever may be the
Authorities governing those countries, and provided only that
our enemies have no shdre therein, that this should not
be an obstacle to the commercial relations of their inhabit.,
ants with our subjects. But; on the other hanc, persevering in
the Continental system we have adopted, and consequently in
the measures which may prevent any attempt against it, we are
desirous of conciliating the rigorous observance of this system
with those advantages these new relations may furnish to the

commerce of our empire.
Under this impression, we have, therefore, taken the follow-

ing Resolutions
1. The vessels of the States of South America shall be admit-
ted into the ports of our empire, on the terms and under the
regulations established for other neutral vessels.
2. They shall be allowed to load all the productions of Rus-
sia, of which the exportation is permitted.
3. For the proof of their nationality, as well as of the neu-
tral origin of the cargoes imported by these same vessels, they
shall be bound to produce, mdependent of the ship's papers
as required by our regulations, certificates in good and due
form of our Consuls-General, residing in the United' States, or
at Rio Janeiro.

ANSWER OF DON L. L. 3LENDEZ TO THE ABOVE.
The provinces of Venezuela, in South America, placed by
the events whichhave occurred in Spain, in a state of absolute
independence, and now exercising the rights of a complete so-
vereignty, and free from all foreign influence, are desirous of
establishing with the nations of Europe relations of friendship
and commerce, on a liberal, well understood, and mutually use-
ful footing. The productions of Venezuela constitute a consi-
derable part of the commerce of the nations of Europe, and of-
fer the best scope for the mercantile speculations of such a na-
tion as Russia, who is not possessed of establishments in. the
two Indies, and has hitherto been compelled to receive those
productions from a third hand. _The Confederated States of
Venezuela, disposed to treat amicably, and to grant the most
free admission to all the subjects of nations respecting and ac-
knowledging their rights, . will have no objection to enter into
' stipulations, particularly advantageous, with the Government of ,
his Imperial and Royal Majesty, on the following basis :-
1. The independence and. sovereignty of the Confederated
States of Venezuela shall be acknowledged by his Imperial and
Royal Majesty..
2. Vessels under the Russian flag shall be admitted into the
ports of Venezuela, and the subjects of his Imperial and Royal
Majesty treated as those of other neutral nations.
3. Vessels under the flag of the Confederated States of Ve,
nezuela shall, in the same manner, be admitted into the ports
of the Russian Empire.
4. On account of the great difficulty that would attend ves-
sels of Venezuela being, obliged to avail themselves of certifi-
cates of the Russian Consuls in the United States and Rio
Janeiro, his Imperial and Royal Majesty shall be pleased to
name a person who may exercise the functions 'of Consul in
some one of the ports of Venezuela.
5. The States of Venezuela, in case the proposed bases should
be found compatible with the policy.of his Imperial and Royal
Majesty, shall address to the said Government a person of their
confidence, invested with full powers, to regulate the terms on
which the contracting parties agree to establish mutti:lrelations,
Copy of the „Letter oif Don L. L. Mendez to the Russian MI

nister, inclosing the above.

I have the honour to express to Excellency, in the name
of my Government of the Confederated Provinces of Venezuela,
in South America, as well as in my own, the most profound ac-
knowledgments for the favourable sentiments of his Imperial
and Royal Majesty, and his readiness to establish with them
relations of friendship and commerce, founded on the most sin-
cere and liberal correspondence, according to the information I
have received from Mr. Cortland Luis Parker, a North Ameri-
can, who lately. came over to this capital. The sublime talents
and heroic sentiments of your Excellency, which daily add to
the glory and prosperity of the Russian Empire, could not fail
to induce your Excellency to view favourably the independence
of countries so much the more worthy of applause and protec-
tion from all nations, owing to the injustice, cruelty, and igno-
miny of the slavery in which they have been held under the
Spanish yoke for more than three hundred years, condemned
to a state of ignorance and abjection—countries always shut
up to ,the subjects of other nations, without any other com-
merce or communication than that afforded by a Spanish mo-
nopoly.
The Government of Venzuela, who have constituted me their
minister or agent in London, flattened by the generous senti-
ments of your. Excellency towards Spanish America, and justly
appieciating the advantages to be derived from the friendship
and conimerce of the Russian empire, is sincerely desirous of
establishing relations of this kind in the most firm and satisfac-
miriannerfor 122!1!.2%girecrunmultnat'nce ShjelltgigroidniZs-
zuela being in perfect union with the whole of the vast Viceroy-
alty of Santa k'e, or New Granada (now called Cundinamarca,
as previous to the conquest), extending to the confines of ,Peru.
The remainder. of the Continent of South America have more-
over adopted the noble and just resolution of constituting
themselves into free States, independent of the Spanish Go-
vernment, and all other foreion,, dbminion.
For the more perfect intelligence of your Excellency in this
affair,l have the honour to inclose with the present, which 1 for-
ward through the medium of Mr. Levett Harris, Consul-General
of the United States at your Court, the Act of the Declaration
of the Independence of the Confederated Provinces of Venezuela;
the reasons of justice, necessity, and expediency on which they
founded it ; the declaration in favour of foreigners ; a model of
the national flag ; an explanatory, note of the -Government of
Venezuela toward his Imperial and Royal Majesty ; and finally,
several Newspapers. I hope the whole will meet with a favour-
able reception from your Excellency, and that Venezuela may
be indebted to the wisdom and humanity of your Excellency for
those happy resolutions by which she wishes to establish a per-
fect friendship and correspondence with his Imperial and Royal
Majesty, &c. (Signed). LUIS LOPEZ MENDEZ.
London, Jan. 12, 1812.
COPY OF A. LETTER FROM L. L. IVIENI)EZ TO MR. LE-
VETT HARRIS, 84,C.
SlR—Through the medium of and in concert with Mr.
Cortland Parker, who haa just arrived here,, I have the
honour to forward to 'you the inclosed package for his Ex-
cellency, Count Romanzoff, which I request you to see
delivered to him, a favour for which I shall be particularly
indebted. The contents, among other
.papors, are confined
to a letter of mine for his Excellen'cy, ana a note, in which
I explain the sentiments of my Government of Venezuela
towards the Russian Empire, of both which I enclose to you
a copy foi your own informatiion. I have been highly grati-
fied at the favourable report I have received from the, said Mr.
Parker, as well as of the favourable disposition of the Rus-
sian GovernMent towards the independence of the Province
of of Venezuela and all South America, as the great interest you
take in so glorious and just a cause. On behalf of my Govern-
ment, I return you my sincere thanks for so important a ser-
vice, requesting you at the same time to continue your power-
ful influence with the Russian Government in favour of the
independence and freedom of America, &c.— London, Jan. 12,
1812.
Stn,—l have received the later you did me the honour to
write me of the 12th of Janney last, together with the accom-
panying packet, addressed to toe Grand Chancellor, Count de
Romanzoff; which was immediately Landed to his Excellency.
—Your several communications have received from his Im-
perial Majesty and his Ministry all the attention which was
due to them, and I am specially requested by the Chancel-
lor to inform you in reply, that he retains the like senti-
ments with those he manifested towards Colonel Parker, who
originated the subject of this correspondence, aml that a deep
interest is felt by his Imperial Majesty, in the progress towards
self-government, which is making in Soutli, America ;• but
that at present an acknowledgment of the independence of these
provinces, where political change has been made known here,
cannot obtain a public sanction of the Emperor Alexander. ,
To cherish sentiments °family favourable to the Spanish Ame-
ricans, and to affords countenance and protection to all commercial
operations directed by them to the ports of his Empire, will ever
-meet the feelings of the Russian Monarch ; and after the free-
dom and sovereignty of the provinces of South America shall
have been recognised by Great Britain, he will not hesitate to
follow so ready an example. At this moment the political state
of Europe prevents his .doing more.
You do justice, Sir, to the dispositions which have guided me
in behalf of the cause you are, deputed to promote among the
States of Europe, and as I am persuaded, that in lending you
my aid here, 1 act in consonance with those of my'own Govern-
ment, you may rely upon a continuance of my best support.
It will in this view afford me pleasure to continue a corre-
spondence with you, and in • order that we may be mutually
understood to each other without secondary aid; I propose for
it the adoption either of this or the French language, which it
is supposed will be alike agreeable to you.
I have the honour to be, •
With perfect respect and consideration, •
Sir, your most obedient humble servant,
St. Petersburgh, March 31,1812. LEVET T HARRIS.
To Louis Lopez Mendez, Esq. Deputy of the Independent
Provinces of South America at the Court of London.

. We have, received the Paris Papers'of Thurs-
day and Friday, the contents of which, as regards
the question between Russia and Turkey, are
highly warlike. The Journal des Debuts and the
Journal de Paris give the extract of a letter
from Vienna of the 22d ultimo, announcing that
the Russians have invaded Moldavia, and
that the Turks were falling back rapidly on
the Danube. All our former accounts have
shewn that the bulk of the Ottoman forces

were concentrating on that river, and the retreat
of the Turks from the two prinCipalities towards
the same point was expected as soon as hostilities
commenced. It has always been the policy of
Turkey in former wars to lay waste Moldavia
and Wallachia, and to await the attacks of the
Russians on the banks of the Danube : and it

was long since anticipated that a similar plan o
operations would be adopted on the present oc
casion. According to this account, the evacua
tion of the principalities would seem to be, tin

consequence of the Russian invasion, and not, as
stated in the previous intelligence from Vienna of
the 20th, the effect of a pacific disposition on the
part of the Turks. It is evident, notwithstanding
these contradictions, that events are assuming a
decisive shape, and that the great question of
peace or war must soon be settled.
The intelligence from Spain in the French
Papers has been mostly anticipated. It confirms
the previous accounts in the Madrid Journals
that the insurrection in Catalonia, which was of
a \Try formidable character, has been subdued.
Spanish Papers bring down the news from
