COURT OF KING'S fiFNCH, Pia. /.

The Court was ahnost thi whole day occu-
pied in hearing arguments ,on Settlement Cases,
the details of which would not in the least de.
gree gratify the Public ; but in the course of one
of them,

Lord KENToir said, " I wish the Magistrates
at the Sessions, were riot pressed to save points
for argument here before us,, that have nothing:
in-them but which are as Our as the sun, al-
though they. come for . the .discussion of this
• Court. This mode of proceeding increases
grievously, the expellee of Parishes, whose Poor-
rates arc now enormous, and that •at a. time
when there are...§o many reasons to be-as sparing
as possible in this sort of litigation ; for.l am
told most cred;bly, that in some Parishes in
this Kingdom, the Poor-rates .arc this-year six-
fold what they were last year. As to ciiredions,
this Court can give node.--Its 'province is to
decide upon Judicial Proceedings. If I were to,
• give any directions to Magistrates at the Ses.
mons, it WOjitt be, that when they themselves
have no doubt'upon a point, never to allow it to
be made a Special Case at all, but to decide it
at once."

On Wednesday (what is called Crown-Day),
the .Court of King's Bench exhibited a differ-
ence of opinion in the Judges, on a Sessions. Case,
from Durham. The Question was, Whether a
Freeholder who had let his Tenement, and lodged
with his Tenant, gained a settlement, not being
the legal Occupier ? Messrs. HoLRO,YD and Hum..
LOCK contended very strenuously, that he did
not,, and supported their opinion with great abi.
lity. Mr. WARD endeavoured to chew, from
the spirit of the whole Law, and an elaborate
enumeration of cases, that :he did. -Lord .KEN.
VON said, that the impression of his mind from
the beginning was, that he did ; and asked, if a
Freeholder, who was bound to suit and service
iri the Manor Court, would be t•emoveabie ? But
that his opinion was very much strengthened by
what had fallen from the very Learned Person
who had last sat down (Mr. WARD), to whom he
confessed himself much obliged for a case which
had escaped his nterriory '; but of which, he was
sure, lie had a note, and was decisive. Judge
GRoskagreed with•him ; butjudge LAWRENCE
argued the matter at length, against this'opinion.
Judge LE BLANC seemed inclined to Judge tAw-
ILENCE'S opinion, but said, he wished to consider
the rase cited by Mr. WARD before he decidcxl ;
and the matter stood over. if he had agreed with
JudgLAWRENCe, it is curious, from the Court's
being equally' divided, no judgment ',would be
given.- Yesterday (Friday), Lord KENYON, on
entering the Court, said, they had looked into
the authority in the above case, and were unani.
mously of opinion, that the Pauper gained a set.
dement..

TINDALL's TRANSLATION' OF THR
• NEW TESTAMENT.

TtsnALL's Translation of the New Testa-
ment was finished in the reign of HENRY VIII.
A. D. 1536, and the whole impression (as it
was supposed) purchased by) TONSTALL, Bishop
of London, and in the course of that year pub-
Hely burnt at St. Paul's Cross.

TINDALL was betrayed at Antwerp, and ap.
prebendcd by the EmPEROR'S Officers, who made
him a close prisoner in the Castle of Fribouit,
5536, where he had the SAM- fate as hig Transla-
tion, for he was publicly burnt.

One copy of this curious Translation escaped
the flames, and was picked up by one of thelate
Earl orOxFoan's Colleaors, and was considered
of so much value by this magnificent Nobleman,
that he settled 201. per annum for life, upon the
person who procured it. •
His Lordship's Library being after his death
purchased by °silo a rl,- the bookseller; of Gray's.
inn, this copy was marked in his Cualo4ueifiteeq
shillings, and. for that sum purchased by the Inge.
geniour Mr. Amu, Author of the Catalogue of
English Portraits; &c.

On the death of Mr. AMES, his Library was
sold at LANGFoRD'S ROOMS ; 'and on the 1 3th of
May, 1760-,. this copy of TINDALL% Translation
was sold for fourteen guineas and a half.

Mr. O'Batr.rt, the American Consul at Al-
giers, in a recent report 'to his Government, has
stated the following' summary 'of Spdilations by
the Algerine 'Pirates, during the •tvki fast years
27 Sail of Neapolitans., Sicilians, and Maltese,
having Briti3h passports "from 'Lord Kt STH ;
vessels and •eargoes Condemned ; crews, st c ;
condemned to slavery, claimed by the English
and' not given it? ;---17 sail of Greeks ; vessels,
cargoes, and crews condemned ; the' Gieeks
employed as slaves, and after alervide of fifteen
months,. given' up to the'grand Seignior. Thir-
teen sail of Imperialisti, valued at'one'million of
dollars ; vessels and cargoea'teindemned ; crews'
given' up to the Grand Seignior. At" Tunis they
have taken t r Danish vessels valued at'six hund.
red thouiand dollars. At •Tripoli they have tap.
turecl*24. sail cif. Swedes. Danish-frigate by
mistake armed' qtr AlgerineiCorgair aihore near
Tunis, for which the -I?inish- government will
have' to 'pay to the De y right thomand, and "to
his' Ministers PW-t2lty • "
thews ifollaOit 'Three
hundred and sixty
Frenchmen' were made slaves
in July last hut were' released' at the
conclusion of the. Peace witlarance. "The Span.
ish ConSul Was '35 days in 'chains on account of
the French taking the Brig Parhaito, Spain re-
turnechhe Brig and Crew to Algiers, accompa...
nied with presents to the amount of 60,000 dol-
lars, 'which released the rot Consul. There
were 2300 European slaves in Algiers on the 19th
of November last.

LQNDON : Piloted by IitICHANAN M4II4ILLAN. (ot Ittlw-StYce;. Covent.Cardel
At the Stre.Oetorrs, No. 1:3; Strand where Adrurrlitbittnts. ()rim Ai
