AF

NjARMADUKE VENEL, Doctor of Medicine,
AL formerly resident at Montpelier, maketh oath, that
he is the inventor and joint proprietor of a certain medicine
called Dr. Venel's. Annscorbutic Vegetable Pills, which lie
doth hereby declare are composed entirely of Vegetables, - and
do not 'contain a partici; of mercury, antimony, or any ether
mineral or deleterious ingredient whatever; and he further
• niaketh oath, that he bath administered this medi,ine to an
.number of patients, with the most unprecedented
sucCess, for upwards of twenty-eight years, in different
parts of urope ; and from his knowledge of the s'alutary,
sate, but alive ingredients, of which it is composed, and
the long and ample experience he hath had, he doth believe
it to be a most excellent alterative and purifier of the blood,
and an efficacious remedy for scorbutic, scropliulcius, and
cutaneous disorders.

Sworn before me, at the Mansion House,
London, this first day of rune, Ito&
JOHN ANSLEY,
41 A Y OR.

M. VENEt.

Sold by Messrs. Bacon, and Co. No. iso;' Oitfor&street,
and Messrs. Parsons and Son, Circulating Library,. 46, Lud.
.gate Hill.. Price 4s. 6d. per box.

FOR VENEREAL AND SCORBUTIC COM-
PLAINTS.

DR. FREEMAN's GUTTA SALUTARISIs by
far the most safe and etfeaual Remedy ever yet disco-
vered for the cure of that dangerous Disease. Persons unhap-
pily atilitled with Venereal Complaints, in all its stages and
'wider its various appearances, will find a secure and present
Relief by. taking these most invaluable Drops - which, for
their excellency during thirty years pradice in the most po.
pulous part of London, viz. Hatton-garden, have been term-
ed 'G utta Salutaris.

The Secrecy with which most persons so of liaed find it
needful, to conceal their sufferings, may be safcly employed
while Using these Drops'; since they render confinement on-
: necessary, as well as all unetuous or mercurial Preparations,
or any surgical Operation whatever.
By appointment et Dr. Freeman they are sold by R. But;
lee, 4, Cheapside, corner of Paternoster-row.; Bacor iso,
and Pidding, 76, Oxford-street ; hull and Cal',well, Dublin;
Scott, Smith, and BaXter, E.tinburgh ; M'l)onald, Glasgow;,
Stains, Manchester ; Lathbury, Liverpool, Stains anti Lynch,
Manchester; and most Medicine Y.eraders in every Town, iu
Buttits, at 25. gd. each.

A considerable change had taken place in the tune
and temper of Oerteral BUDBERG'S COOVCrS.itIOII."
Instead of that coldness and reserve;". says his
Lordship, " which characterised the replies 'of Ilk"
Russian Minister to the questions put to him in pre-
vious conferences, I-found a veiymild and conciliat-
ing martner, and an apparent.anxiety to re:•nove
every- ditiicalty in the way of a ,perfectly good :;1.-
derstanding, between the two. countries;" p. 21.
.The. Reader will do %Oil to bear in mind that the
person who makes,,this quotation is the very
Roscoe who asserts; with unblushing effrontery,
and Wh6 found*? tiffs principal
_Charge against A.daii7
nistration upon the daring assertion, that " up to •
this Period, alA:wine, atterit, the British:AL-
nistry had met :Witlt nothing but attention and re-
sfied from Russia !" p. 3 , , " I regretted," 'coo-
tinues his Lordship, " the reserve which had mari,t.i
the condut of
.Russia towards England:"--pi.oofs
rise on proofs against 'Toil,- Mr. ROSCOE ? " The
&eneral replied; that Russia had jiist s.tui4;id
complaint against England:" what more, Mr. Rus-
COE! " he went into along detail of the little at;:cr,-
tion that had been given to the,repeated represei,:a-
tions of .his Master"--By the Talent,i," you
will please -to observe, Mr.,R6scoE,--" and
net be surprised, ne saidvif in the .7.101,1-pliialik;,.
fortune, arisin"g from the ?vant cif co-ap,c64,*4,
shoUld testify someld%ree of discon,tent."
ly not : the;Oilly thing surprising here is the
ing folly of Mr. 11,0SCOE in liw3rding
tations, which a child might, nay•inust, detect. •

Had not the mipd of Lord LEVRSON GOWER bml.l
truly candid and noble, he might have referred tae
indignation of Russia to
,its,just.cause, the.rnischiei-
ous imbecility of the former Administratida,:which
on that and other. a.ccounts, had just .been driven
nom the helm of state; but he did better.' ‘.‘
served, says.his Lordship,. that we could not sere e
the cause of BUONAPARTE more effeaually. than by
indulging in mutual recrimination on • what .Wai
past; that I wished our whole attention should be
turned to the future; and that I. was persuaded, that
,if the Emperor still entertained his former opinion's
of the danger .to be apprehended from the- prepon
derance of France, the vanse of the independence of
Europe was by no means.desperate."—App. p. 20.
This was_ surely thought .and zipoken like a Mini-
ster to whom the interests of his Country might be
confided with, security. But let us hear Mr.RoscoE
on this subjed. ".To what circumstance this. extra-
ordinaryCharige in the.sentiinenei of the Russian Go-

Ve'rninei~t is t;) be attributed we hae not heard;" p.v

&Or lia"Ve we';' but we can soggest several that might
l .hie conduced to it. . In the titit place, the Minis-

1

}~

4

I

ii

tem. in whose name Lord LEVESON GOWER now
spoke, were not those who had offended his Impe-
rial Majesty; they had not calmly witnessed the

noble struggle of Dantzic, and , seen . th• City,
which might have been saved lila kw- GUn-brigs,
fall into the power of the Enemy F They hal not
seen the Army of Russia retreat with their face to,
the foe, from .4lre 'Weser to the Vistula, without
sending them a single musket or .a man ! They had
not seen BUONArARTE 'out-number our Allies, and
yet enabled him to increase his tremendous superio-
iity, by sending the Army which detained his Troops
in Italy, to perish without advantage, and without
:honour, in the blind alleys of. Rosetta! They had
not laughed at his.complaints, and turned a deaf ear
to his .remonstrances; on the contrary, they had
taken up his cause with ardour, and had given him
‘f the most positive and distino assurance 4 that his
Majesty was making the most strenuous exertions to
comply with all his wishes acid expeaations.r - App.
p. 50. Might not all this have contributed some-
what to that change of sentiment which so much
astonishes Mrs Roscoe ; and might not a reasonable
hope be entertained by Ministers, that:the Emperor
of Russia, ndw no longer afraid of being insulted
and abandoned, might revert with . horror to the
state of slavery in which his recent conneEtion with
France had placed. him ; and with shame and re-
pentance
.to that base and perfidious part which, in.
A moment of blind revenge and terror, be had been
seduced to play ?—lf this were really so (and that. it
was, there are many. reasons for believing), then,
with Mr. RoScoE's leave, Lord Lpvusow Gowp:t
was completely justified in saying that " the cause
of the independence of Europe was not quite despe-
rate ;" and his Majesty was fully, borne out in his
cc hope that a review of the transa.C.lions of the nn-
fortunate Negotiation at Tilsit would have induced
the EMperor of Russia to extricate hiMself from 'the
embarrassment of these new counsels and Connec-
tions which he had adopted in 'a moment of despond-
, ency and alarm; and to return to a policy mute con-,
genial to the principles which he had se invariably
,
professed, and more conducive to the hOnOUtc-,Of his
Crown, and to the prosperity Isis dominions.'
App. p. 49.
Nor is this all. The Russian 'Government was
now informed of the siege of Copenhagen; and'as
that siege was not planned by "- All the Talents,"
who conspired in the fAmous Expedition to Con-
stantinople; nor CthicluCted by a than " incapable
and unworthy of serving his, Majesty in any military
capacity wriatever," ita .final success was scarcely a
matter of doubt.
This event, whatever surprise Mr. Roscrip. and
his stupid admirers may affett at our language, was
a favourable 'circumstance for Russia, and, as such,
it was assuredly regarded. It Could neitherbe her
-wish nor her interest to resign, her Navy into the
bands of France, and co-operate in establishing the
tyranny of a sanguinary monster as completely over
the sea as it was already fi:ed over, theland; and
that great and glorious measure to- which disenfran-
chided Europe will one day do jUstice, the : Copen-
hagen Expedition, by re-opening- the '
Baltic, and
completely overthrowing the concerted Confederacy,
restored Russia to the command of her ships, and
kindled a d;stant hope of escaping from her fetters.
Here was another motive for " a change of senti-
ment," and to thii, if our Paper allowed, we could
bring many otik.rs not less cogent. Now for Mr.
Rosco : " If," says he, giving the conclusion of
Lord LEVESoIv GoWEies patch which Nye have
just quoted, “. If the British Ambassador had been
disposed to forward the negotiation for peace, this
appears to have Geer: the proper time for it. He might
now, with every prospea of success, have pressed for
a communication of the Tracy. cf Tilsit !! ! He
might then have proceeded to require to be int-min-
ed of the basis on which the French Ruler had pro-
posed to treat. 5:,11,. and such alone, was the
plain simple path that must have presented itself'
to any person who had a dire& objea in view.
But with this apparent change of 'disposition in the
Russian Miiiistry, other pro;peas opened on the
enlarged vision (A the 'BritiSti Ambassador, who ap-
pears at , this important nioinent to have been
aCtuated by en almost prophetic knowledge of the
Sentiments of his own Cabinet. The'Secret iirticles
of Me Treaty of 4'ilsit, the basis of the proposed We-
,otiatiCommerciale and even the Commercial Leafy were
)
orgotten!" p. 22. This is the main part Of Mr.
Roscos's charge against GovernMent, the argument
on which he chiefly depends ; and to do him-full
justice, -
we have put it,. as he himself has, in italics,
ao be coniift.u4l.l
•
