ANTI-INTER.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SIR—We have numerous societies for protect-
ing the observance of the Sabbath, why not insti-
tute one to protect the men and women who wish
to enjoy that day ? There are societies to protect
animals—why not one to protect the humbler classes?
Societies to liberate the blacks—why not one to
save the whites from an interference which is as bad
as slavery ? Societies to shut up houses of enter-
tainment—why not one to support those whose free-
will is invaded by closing them ? Societies to sub-
ject the working classes to numerous restraints and
restrictions, under the false pretexts of preserving
their morals—why not one to secure them from
such mischievous interference ? Considering, Sir,
that there are many persons who are extremely
anxious to check the tide of political Puritanism
which now threatens to wash away the fabric of
liberty, though they know not how to set about it,
I venture to suggest, through your columns, the
formation of a society for this purpose, to be called
THE ANTI-INTERFERENCE SOCIETY.
The object should be to unite into one body, on
payment of a subscription from each person, all the
publicans, newsmen, greengrocers, and tradesmen of
all:descriptions, who are continually harrassed by:the
interference of persons who, having no business of
their own, meddle continually with that of their
neighbours ; all the working classes who prefer
rational recreation on the Sabbath to catching cold
from listening to drowsy or intemperate parsons ;
and all the public men and gentlemen of every des-
cription, who are impatient of the progress of a
system which threatens to make social life an un-
ceasing torment and strife. Such a body would be
numerous, and with its funds, which, by a small
subscription from each member, might be large, it
might hire lawyers to watch over cases brought
into police courts, and protect various classes of
tradesmen from the annoyances to which they are now
subjected. It might also watch over legislative
proceedings, and, by getting up numerous petitions
or remonstrances in time, prevent the passing of such
meddling, mischievous Acts as the New Police Law.
If you think these hasty suggestions worthy of
a place in your columns, and should they meet any
favour with the public, I shall be prepared to follow
' them out.

I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
HOMO.

MEHEMET ALI.

(From Letters on Egypt, by Prince Puckler Muskau
At our evening meal the Viceroy related many
interesting anecdotes of the time when he first
assumed the sovereign power in Egypt. When I
expressed my regret that he had not taken measures
to preserve them as matters of history, he made
this remarkable reply :—" Why should I do this ? I
look back with no pleasure on that period of my life,
and what could it profit the world to be made acquainted
with a series of struggles, of privations, of artifices,
and of bloodshed ? It is enough if posterity shall
know that Mehemet Ali has neither birth nor
favour to thank for what he has become ; my history
shall only begin with the moment when I first
awakened this country from her sleep of cen •
tithes, and commenced for her a period of new ex-
istence. It is strange," continued he, " that, of
seventeen children, I should be the only one left.
Nine of my brothers died in infancy, and this was
the cause of my parents bringing me up in
an unusally tender manner. I was often laughed
at by any comrades, who used to cry--' If his pa-
rents should die, what will become of Mehemet
Ali, who has nothing, and is good for nothing ?'
This made a deep impression on me, and, as a
boy of fifteen years of age, I determined to
conquer myself. I often fasted for days together,
slept as little as possible, and had no rest till
I excelled all my comrades in bodily exercises.
I recollect once, in stormy weather, rowing for a
wager, to reach a little island, which is to
this day my property. No one succeeded but my-
self, and, before I did so, all the skin was torn
from my hands ; but the pain did not abate my ar-
dour. In this manner I endeavoured to strengthen
both mind and body, till, in the little war of our
village, I found more serious employment. In
my nineteenth year my father died, and a wider
field soon opened itself to me. Some great
excesses had been committed by Greek pi-
rates in our neighbourhood, and my uncle re-
ceived, at the instigation of several powerful
Turks, orders to take the command of a small
vessel of war of the Sultan's, and go in search of
them. He could not refuse obedience, but repre-
sented to the Paella that he should be entirely
ruined by being obliged to leave his home at this
time, as he had no one to whom he could entrust
the management of his affairs. At the same time
he pointed out his own incapacity for such a
command, and took occasion to mention me, as
an enterprising young man accustomed to war.
He succeeded in convincing the Pacha—l desired
nothing better, and had the good fortune not only
to defeat the pirates, but, after a short pursuit, to
board their vessel, and take as prisoners all who
remained alive. For this action I was, in my
twentieth year, appointed a captain in the Turkish
service. Such a rapid rise occasioned of course
much envy, and even awakened the jealousy of my
uncle, who, some time after, I know not with
what intention, got me sent off to Egypt. How
little did I anticipate the destiny awaiting me there !"
—Atheneum.

We are at liberty to state most positively, that
Mates of the Royal Navy are to be appointed imme-
diately, by the Admiralty, to fill the existing vacancies
of Chief Officers in the Coast Guard Service, re-
ceiving pay at the rate of 9s. per day, and being
on the same footing, as respects their claims to
and chances of promotion, as the Lieutenants.
This is a most equitable measure, and, although
some of the Lieutenants will no doubt think them-
selves very hardly used, because officers of an inferior
rank are to receive the same amount of pay as
they have received, there can be no injustice in the
case, as the sum of 9s. per diem is considered
the remunerating pay for the duty required, and whe-
ther performed by a Lieutenant or a Mate cannot, in a
civil service like the Coast Guard (in spite of the endea-
vour to call it one essentially Naval), be deemed an ar-
rangement detracting in any way from the value of the
superior officer in Naval rank, or elevating the merit
of the other. It will be a source of no small pleasure
to many Mates of long standing in the service, to find
that an opening of so desirable a nature has at length
presented itself in their favour. No directions have
been yet given for the supersession of those officers in
the Coast Guard Service, whose triennial period of com-
mand expired on the 10th instant.—Naval and Military
Gazette.

THE ITALIAN OPERA AT PARIS.—The Count
Candis, who sung in London last year under the name
of Mario, and who has for two seasons played at the
Grand French Opera in Paris, is about to be trans-
ferred to the Italian Opera in that capital, in conse-
quence of the failure of Sinico, who was engaged to
replace Ivanoff. The French critics are angry at this
arrangement, as they say that M. Mario being regularly
installed at the Academie Royale, should only sing
French music and pronounce French words. In both
these respects he has a great deal to learn, and it is
thought that he should devote his whole time and at-
tention to the cultivation of a national style. This
circumstance is only worth noticing, because it is the
first of a series of objections which are about to be
raised against the project so much taiked of—uniting
the French and the Italian Opera at Paris. The same
performers are to be engaged to do double business—
namely, to sing one night in French and the next in Italian,
and that, according to French ideas, will be a violation
of all propriety. Perhaps strangers may view the
matter in a far different light, and conceive that the
national taste will be much ameliorated by the close
contact of Italian music. The frequenters of the
Academie will learn that screaming is not singing, and
the admirers of the French style will find that softness,
pathos, and delicacy, are essential qualities in good
music. There are two candidates in the field at Paris
for the establishment of French plays this winter in
London. Mr. Bunn, who has secured, it is said,
Braham's pretty theatre, and Mr. Mitchell, of Bond-
designs on Madame Vestris's old
street, who has
Olympic. The difficulty will be to draw the stars of
Paris at this period of the year from thence, for they
are all in full request and employment. It is only in
the month of May that the great actors and actresses
can obtain leave of absence, and we have seen that no-
thing less than the first-rate names will fill any house in
London.

The Great Western steam-ship will leave King-
road or. her outward-bound voyage at three o'clock this
day (Saturday). She carries with her about 125 pas-
sengers, amongst whom are the Right Rev. the Bishop
of Toronto, Marshal Rouenne, who is the bearer of
dispatches from the French Government, Col. March,
Major Van Buren, son of the President of America,
Professor Shepherd, the eminent naturalist, and the
Hon. Lewis Wilkins, and Mr. Vanderpoole, members
of the American General Congress. Her cargo, which
is a miscellaneous one, is very valuable ; and she also
carries about 5,0001. in specie, from our Government to
that of Lower Canada.—Bristol Mercury.

E VEN ING ED IT I 0

• ~./
-...•
