NEWCASTLE RACES.

WEDNESDAY, AUG. s.—The Members' Plate of 70 sovs.
for all ages. Heats, twice round and a distance.
• Mr. Turner's Navarin, 3 yrs
Mr. Cooper's Manto, 4 yrs
Mr. Beardsworth's b. c. by Master Henry, 4 yrs
Major 0. Gore's Caroline, 3 yrs 4 dr
A Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 40 added, for al
ages. Three miles.
Mr. Kinnersley named Sarah, 5 yrs
Earl Grosvenor's Mavrocordato, 5 yrs
Mr. R. Borradaile, M.P. named Granby, 6 yrs

PLYMOUTH AND DEVONPORT RACES.
WEDNESDAY, AUG. 6.—Saltram Stakes, 25 sovs. each.

About two miles and a distance.
Mr. A. Saville named Wrangler, 3 yrs
Mr. Wilson named Upas, 6 yrs 2
Mr. Woollcombe named Omen, 4 yrs 3
Mr. G. Leach named Pelican, 5 yrs 4
A Plate of 100 sovs. given by the town of Plymouth.
Heats, two miles and a distance.
Mr. W. Ley's Souter Johnny, 4 yrs 1 1
Mr. Dickenson's sister to Cymbeline, 4 yrs 2 3
Mr. Wreford's Warbler, 3 yrs dr
The Ladies' Plate of 50 sovs. Heats, a mile and a half.
Mr. Wreford's Wrangler, 3 yrs
Mr. W. Ley's Souter Johnny, 4 yrs 2

TERMINATION OF THE GRAND CRICKET
MATCH FOR ONE THOUSAND GUINEAS.
BURY ST. EnmuNn's, AuG. s.—ln consequence of the
frequent interruptions from the state of the weather, this
match was not concluded until this day, and it terminated
in favour of the Bury Club winning by 19 runs.
BURY. MARYLEBONE.
Ist Innings lll Ist Innings 74
2d Ditto 66 2d Ditto SI

Nothing could exceed the anxiety exhibited this morn-
ing as to the issue of the match. The country folks
backed the " Lunneners," as they thought they were
knowing ones. The result caused many a long face amongst
the Pastoralities of Suffolk, and some were heard to ex-
claim, " It's all gammon—it's a made up thing between
Bury and themselves ;" which really did not appear so, as
several of the amateurs of this town are heavy losers. In
one instance there has been 401. to 301. paid six times
over by a gentleman who is thought to be a real knowing
one. So elated are the Bury Club at their victory, that
they have challenged the Marylebone for another match,
permitting them to include all England in their Club, with
the exception of their own county (Suffolk.)

RICHELIEU, A TALE OF THE COURT OF
FRANCE.-This new and striking story of the French
Court, which is exciting so much interest, commences
with the last year of the reign, as it may be termed, of the
Cardinal de RICHELIEU, who governed not only Louis
XIII., but all France with a despotic and resistless sway.
Among the numerous characters introduced are the KING
his CONSORT, ANNE of AUSTRIA ; her Majesty's Dame
d' Honneur, CLARA D'HAUTEFORD, a former flame of the
King's ; the Due D'ORLEANS ; the Cardinal's great friend
and coadjutor, CHAVIGNI; their corrupt tool, LAFEMAS,
the Marquis de FONTRAILLES ; CINQ MARS; DE THou,
&c. The ostensible hero is the Count de BLENAU, cham-
berlain to the Queen ; the heroine Mademoiselle de BEAU-
MONT.

THE SECTARIAN, OR THE CHURCH AND
THE MEETING-HOUsE.—Ill reference to this popular
Work, which has produced so great a sensation in the reli-
gious world, the Edinburgh Literary Gazette observes,
" The author of the Sectarian has shown an intimate
knowledge of human nature, and a power of unfolding the
passions and unseen workings of the heart, in a great va-
riety of situations, and in numerous combinations of cir-
cumstances. He engages our interest at once, and his
characters are distinct, well marked, and in good keeping.
He is a perfect master of the slang and cant of our modern
Saints, and from the discoveries which he snakes, he must
have been behind the scenes, and seen their goings on when
they met in deep divan, as well as traced with an accurate
observation, and a discriminating judgment, the mischief
they are doing among individuals and families.
The Commissioners of Land Revenue have

just granted to the Duke of BUCCLEUGH the renewal of
the lease of the ground near to Richmond-terrace, White-
hall, on which stands the mansion occupied by the late
Duchess of BUCCLEUGH, with a garden attached to it, ex-
tending in front to the line of Whitehall. This house and
grounds came into the possession of the Duke on the death
of his grandmother, the late Duchess. The young Duke
has, it is understood, resolved to have the present edifice
pulled down, and a modern house erected on the same site
more suitable to his rank and fortune.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. N

We have before explained our views on the
subject of the final arral.!genient of Greece : we
would, for many reasons, ree.):nmend the exten-
of the frwitier to a line drawn from the
Gulf of Negropont, or rather from Volo to
Arta ; but we do not think that this is a point
upon which our negotiator should insist as a
sine qua non. We wish the internal affitirs of
Greece were not even more difficult to settle than
the geographical extent of the country. We
find, at this moment, when the fear of their in-
veterate foe should unite all hearts, the Govern-
ment, the military, and the people, in a state of
general opposition and hostility to each other.
They arc like Milton's uncongenial elements
conflicting in the original chaos. We know not
what intelligence may reach our Ministers, but
we learn from undoubted authority, that Capo
d'lstria has managed matters so ill in his late
extraordinary, not to say unwarrantable, expedi-
tion into Northern Greece, that in many places
his troops have revolted, and at Missolonghi
they actually fired upon his brother, who has
been appointed by him Captain-General north of
the Isthmus. Nor, according to our own intel-
ligence, does the feeling of the troops nearer
home seem much more friendly to the President.
In order, probably, to overawe the free delibera-
tions of the Representative Assembly now sitting,
or about to meet at Argos, he had moved a
thousand men to that town ; when, lo ! even
these thousand elect turned round upon him in
open mutiny ; so much so, that he has been
obliged to request aid from the French -comman-
der to maintain the public peace ; and all this is
supposed, by competent judges, to have arisen
entirely from his own faulty government. With
respect to the negotiations going on relative to
Greece, we can communicate nothing positively.
We should fear, from past experience, that the
Turks are not very tractable; and this surely might
make the Greeks more humble in their pretensions,
unless they mean to impose an impossibility on their
friends. The negotiation between the Porte and
Russia is another affair, but one of equal difficulty.
We do hope indeed that the English and French
Ambassadors will be able to prevail upon the
Divan to consent to negotiate with the Emperor
Nicholas, under their protection, and with their
assistance. And in that case, the best proof of
the boasted moderation of Russia will be found
in the manner in which she shall deport herself
on receiving such overtures. It would not be
consistent with the general policy of Europe—
it would be contrary to the declaration of the
Duke of Wellington—to suffer Turkey to be
extinguished as an independent state : and yet if
Greece is to have all the southern part of Turkey
in Europe, and Russia all the northern, we do
not see what will remain.— Times.
Mr. Dawkins, who accompanied Mr. Gordon
to the Dardanelles, returned to Egina on the
21st. According to letters of that date, the
Porte has given the command of a corps destined
to operate against the Greeks on the continent to
the Albanian Chief Silihdarpoda. Part of his
force, consisting of 20 bairacks or companies,
along with some Albanians, has relieved the
Turks who occupied a position near Zeitouni,
and who have directed their march towards Ma-
cedonia, with the intention, in is understood, to
join the army of the Grand Vizier. These letters
do not mention the surrender of Thebes, which
is reported in the German papers to have been
taken by the Greeks. On the 14th of June,
Grissiotti was attacked in his intrenchments at
Aniforiti, by a Turkish force in front, and by a
corps of cavalry sent by Omer Pacha to the
rear of his position. The Greeks, however, de-
fended themselves bravely and repulsed the
Turks with the loss of 250 men. Vasso con-

tinues in his intrenchments on the margin of the
plain of Athens. On the Bth the Turkish gar-
rison of Athens made a sortie against Vasso's
troops, posted in the convent of St. John, but
were driven back with the loss of 80 men and
two pieces of cannon. All the Greek corps are
weak, and greatly in want of necessaries. A
spirit of discontent prevails to a great extent
among them : They are particularly dissatisfied
with Augustin Capo d'lstria, who had been in-
vested by his brother, the President, with full
powers, to act as a substitute in the provinces of
the Greek continent. This appointment has
given offence to Ypsilanti, who commands in
the Eastern quarter of Greece, and from him
Augustin did not experience a very agreeable
reception. General Dantzel commands the
troops in Western Greece, during the absence
of General Church, who is gone to Egina.
Colonel Maugin, who went to the Morea with
the French Expedition, is to have the command
of the regular Greek troops.—lbid.
A letter from the Mauritius, detailing the
present situation of the island of Madagascar,
furnishes matter for deep reflection, and will ex-
cite a powerful interest among the friends to the
abolition of the slave trade. None of these
can have forgotten the treaty made with Radaina,
the late King of that island, concluded by Sir
Robert Farquhar, we believe in 1820, by which
the gradual extinction of the slave-trade in that
part of the world was provided for in the most
effectual manner, by closing the great slave-
market of Madagascar against all nations. Up
to the period of Radama's death, which took
place about 18 months ago, matters seemed to be
progressively in train for accomplishing the ob-
jects of the treaty, and it was attended with
these further advantages,—that this noble island,
which is of greater extent than the whole of
Great Britain, became civilized and improved ;
and the growth of French influence in those
seas, to check which was one of the objects of
the treaty of Paris, was prevented. This treaty
also rendered unnecessary the expensive squa-
drons of ships of war and guarda costas for the
prevention of the slave-trade. It afforded too,
a safe asylum to the mariner and merchant,
Madagascar being on the high road to India, in
the passage either through the Indian Ocean or
the Mozambique Channel, when vessels were
driven to seek shelter or get supplies of
water and provisions. All these advantages,
however, are now in the utmost danger
of being at once annihilated, and cir-
cumstances seem to threaten a rapid return to
the old system. In addition to the letter from
Mauritius, we obtain from another quarter a few
hints of the secret influence which has been em-
ployed to accelerate this change. There is but
too much cause to apprehend that there is a
" slave party" at the bottom of the new hostility
shown to the English Government by the reign-
ing Sovereign at Madagascar ; and that it is
more or less excited by French influence, which
is extending there in the same proportion that
British influence declines. There are three
French agents now in the island, all of whom
are suspected to be co-operating in this work.—
The principal of these is M. Robin, who fills
the post of French Ambassador at Tannanarive,
the capital. While Mr. Hastie (the late Eng.

lisp Resident) lived, who fulfilled the duties of
the situation with singular zeal and intelligence,
he contrived to keep M. Robin in check, but
he has now become powerful, and is suspected
to have brought nn the late change materially by
his intrigues and preponderance. His coad-
jutors are M. Dayot, who is resident at Tama-
rive, on the coast, and M. Blancard, who is ge-
nerally engaged in travelling, and keeps up a
constant communication between the capital and
the coast. Their conduct is at least liable to

just suspicion, and the facts stated in the letter
before referred to afford strong presumptive evi-
dence to the same effect. This change is, with-
out doubt, deeply to be regretted, as well for
interests truly British, for those of humanity in
general, as for the sake of Madagascar itself,
whose inhabitants may be again plunged into
barbarism and slavery.—lbid.
In addition to the accounts brought by the

last French Papers, of important advantages oh-
- _ _

tained by the Greeks in the Westtrn district of
Livadia, we have been favoured with the pernsal
of a private letter, entitled to much considera,
tion from the station and character of the writet,.
The letter notices the prevalence of rumours cif
the Grecian successes already alluded to, and
considers them entitled to attention ; it goes on
to mention the design attributed to the Pre-
sident, Capo &Istria, of an immediate invasion
of Negropont (the ancient Eubcea), and his
avowed determination to make the attempt, even
with the knowledge of the fact, that this or any
other maritime demonstration will necessarily be
looked upon with jealousy, if not direct op-
posed, by the British Admiral, Sir Pultevey
Malcolm. We apprehend we were the first W
call public attention to the character and objects
of the Greek President ; and the opinion of the
gentleman to whose co►mnunication we have so
often alluded, and who has the very best oppor.
tunities of commanding authentic information,
on which to form a judgment, are exactly to the
effect as some time back stated—namely, that
the President, under an appearance of devoted
Hellenism, is in effect the creature of Russia.
Placed as he is, at the head of a Government, to the
existence of which, for a single month, the coun
tenance and protection of some great European
Power is indispensable, it is not to be supposed
that his actual material strength is of much im-

portance in the scale ; at the same time it is
quite obvious, that by plausible pretensions
skilfully put forward, and embarrassing pretexts
urged at critical moments, he has ample means
of protracting, or even frustrating negotiations,
should such be the object of that colossal em-
pire of which he is presumed to be the puppet.
The letter to which we are so much indebted

does not go so far as to impute such intentions
directly to the President, but its whole tendency
evidently leans to that supposition ; and we have
no doubt of the fact, that he is an object of
zealous observation to the Diplomatists who
have lately experienced so distinguished a recep-
tion in a capital not proverbial for its com-
plaisance to the Ambassadors of the infidel
Franks. We do not insist upon the writer's
opinions on certain subjects forming the sequel
of his communication ; his apprehensions of the
evils consequent upon Russia's establishing a
permanent footing in the Mediterranean, are,
we think, overstrained ; and as little can we
sympathise with his forebodings on the pro-
spective results of any diminution or dismember-
ment of the European Provinces of the Com-
mander of the Faithful.—Morning Chronicle.
The History of the Catholic Association, by
Mr. Wyse, ought to be studied by those who
have at heart the improvement of Ireland. Re-
ligion no longer affords a handle for oppression
or disturbance ; but Mr. Wyse does not fail to
throw occasionally a valuable light on those cir-
cumstances which enabled religion to become so
formidable an agent in Ireland, and which cir-
cumstances, it is to be remembered, still exist in
all their force. When people talk of the healing
influence of time, they speak like parrots by row
—as well talk to a man with a gangrened limb
of the healing influence of time. Powerful
drastics must be applied, and excrescences must
be lopt off. The constitution of the patient must
have fair play. When the necessary remedies
have been applied, we may then recommend time
and patience. Speaking of the mission of Mr.
Lawless to the North, and the consequences
which were likely to follow from it, Mr. Wyse
observes, " Forbearance has its limits, and these
limits are easily passed in the North. The men
here brought into collision were not like the men

he had 'lately been witnessing—the Men of
Clare ;—neither were their wrongs, nor their
quarrels, nor their hatreds, as theirs. This was
not a question between an old friend and a po-
pular leader—between Mr. O'Connell and Mr.
Fitzgerald ; but it was a deadly and inextin-
guishable national feud, between two parties,
the one masters, the other servants; one op-
pressors, the other oppressed—burning with
mutual detestation—hatred by remembrance of
centuries of injury, and closing gradually on
each other, in the full conviction that they could
not separate without blows." Speaking of the
Ribbon-men, Mr. Wyse observes—" As it is
the common lot of all Secret Institutions to
grow Nyorse every day, the Ribbon Society,
blameable and mischievous as it was in its ori-
ginal formation, became gradually more objec-
tionable and dangerous as it extended, and acts of
outragewere latterly amongst the fatal consequences
which marked its way. The Catholic Board at
that period, and the Catholic Association at
various intervals since, published and circulated
addresses which tended in a remarkable manner,
in concurrence with the appeals and exertions of
individuals, to counteract the progress of this
dangerous institution. But they were not so
fortunate or so effective as perfectly to annihilate
it. It exists still in many counties, in its full
vigour ; and it is greatly to be apprehended,
that in consequence of the dissolution of the As-
sociation (the only power which has any real in-
fluence in repressing it), it will now spread out,
unchecked and unrepressed, over the greater
part of the north and north-west of Ireland."
So much for the north of Ireland. Speaking of
the movements of Messrs. Steele and O'Gor-
man Mahon in the south, he observes—,, They
came into a territory, not in the hands of an
enemy, with no opposition to encounter, mid
with no other task to perform than to teach the
people a better appreciation of their own inte-
rests. Their influence, too (particularly after

the recent election), was unbounded. When-
ever they appeared in the turbulent districts the
factious laid by their animosities, and in great
crowds flocked to the chapels to embrace, in the
spirit of forgiveness, their most inveterate foes.
It was certainly a striking sight to see their
chiefs on either side advance up the steps of the
altar, and embrace each other in the presence of
their priests and their respective factions, and
call God solemnly to witness, that henceforth,
for the good of their soul, and the cause of their
country, they would dwell together in amity and

~~
.~

p eace. Their hands were joined together by the
clergyman, sometimes by one or other of the
gentlemen just mentioned ; and they returned
home, frequently riding side by side, amidst the
rejoicings and acclamations of the men, women,
and children of both parties. The Commnis-
sioners, if so they may be called, were em-
boldened by success, and extended their visits
and exhortations beyond Limerick. Tippe-
rary was afflicted time immemorial by the same
spirit of family faction, and, its almost constant
concomitant, secret association. The passion
for such meetings increased ; the numbers who
flocked to them augmented. Instead of a few
hundreds, who originally had been convened,
and with some reluctance, for a particular pur-
pose, thousands now were to be seen in every
direction, anxious to reconcile their differences,
and to sacrifice every private compact to their
loyalty, as they termed it., to the Association."
The reconciliation of these factions, as they arc
called, reminds us of similar transactions de-
tailed its a memoir respecting Corsica, laid before
the Trench Government (published 1802).
" An English General, who commanded the
garrison of Ajaccio, but whose authority only
extended over his troops, thought he would ob-
tain the consideration of the Corsicans by re-
crinciling two families of villagers whom a homi-
cide had made enemies. The principal inha-
bitants of the town seemed to join him in this
great work. They went to negociate a truce,
during which from thirty to forty armed men
came together in Ajaccio. The Englishman had
tees occasion to make long exhortations to them ;
they consented to embrace each other, to drink to
gether to the health of King George and returned
to their homes. Scarcely had they left the town
when a combat took place among them. There
were five men killed, two on the side which had
the loss, and three on the other side. Peace
was then concluded in earnest. In the month
of Pluviose, of the year five, a Member of the
Executive Directory, who proceeded through
Corsica, passed near a district of which several
families had been at war for some time. He
easily obtained their consent to make peace in
his presence, which they even swore to observe
in the name of the Republic, and he sent im-
mediately to the writer of the Moniteur an article
on this subject. The number in which the
article was inserted had hardly reached the
Minister, when the number of homicides in
the district reconciled by him had been aug-
mented by thirty-four." In the North of Ire-
land, as is truly observed by Mr. Wyse, there are
two nations opposed to each other, burning
with mutual detestation—the oppressors and the
oppressed. The administration of law is entirely
i u the hands of one of the nation ; and the other
is driven, from want of legal protection, to the
security of secret associations; which must, if'
wise measures he not taken, extend over the
North and North-west of Ireland. So long as
Protestants are Magistrates arid armed yeomen,
so long, in self defence, must the Catholics be
brigands. Justice cannot be administered by a
Protestant to a Catholic, except at the hazard to
the former of his future peace. What provokes
the indignation of impartial persons only en-
dears the partizan to his party. It is obvious,
thert',lore, that strong measures are necessary in
the North of Ireland. The law must be admi-
nistered for a time, by persons who are strangers
to the country. The natives are obviously not
in a condition to be trusted with the fate of each
other. To make a Protestant a Magistrate, is
either to expose him to the hatred of his own
party, or the vengeance of the Catholics. The
first step in the process of tranquillizing that part
of the country is impartial justice. No Irish
Protestant, indeed, who is aware of the delicacy
of the position, we uld wish to be in the Com-
mission. A strict police, and strict justice ad-
ministered by strangers to their feuds, will alone
preserve order. Time, under such a system,
will produce its usual healing effects ; but with
an Orange Magistracy time will only add to the
catalogue of oppressions on one side, and of
retaliations on The other. Though it may seem
paradoxical, we despair more of the factions of
the South, than of the great feuds of the North.
The former have their origin in the habits of im-
perfect civilization ; and it is no easy matter to
change the habits of a people. Clanship and
Emily factions are always difficult to master ;
and they can never be mastered directly. But
with respect to the North, there is an obvious
cause for the disorder, and to know the evil is
half the cure. We must disarm the oppressor.
There is in the North a deficiency of civilization
to aid the efforts of a good and energetic Go-
vernment ; and we are sure the Duke of Wel-
lington will not be deficient in energy.—lbid.
Those of our readers who are acquainted with
what the City was and is must be aware that, in
point of occupancy, it has greatly fallen off within
the last 20 or 30 years ; that its best houses are
converted into warehouses or chambers ; that
western mansions and suburban villas will now
alone satisfy those who were born and brought up
in Broad-street, Billiter-square, Mincing-lane,
and Crutched-friars ;—in short that " evadere
ad auras" is the prevailing, and not unnatural,
sentiment of those who are doomed through the
day to toil through the noise, the smoke, and
dirt, which are the too-prevailing characteristics
of our metropolis. But, in proportion as people
are deterred from residing at their places of busi-
ness by these causes, so it should be the endea-
vour of all who have it in their power to lessen
these objections all they can, and to add as much
as possible to the few attractions and inducements
which still detain those who cannot or are un-
willing to leave their houses of business. It need
not be said that the greater part of time world are
even more anxious about the health and happi-
ness of their wives and children than their own ;
and of course to these latter especially air and
exercise arc the one thing needful. Persons
doomed, therefore, to plod their way through a
City life, have, from time immemorial, looked to
the few open airy spaces which are to be found
within it, as the places to which their families,
and sometimes they themselves, could resort for
recreation. But few persons are old enough to
remember when Moorfields, and what is now a
street, but which is still called the City-road,
were the resort of all the " lisping babes" from
Cheapside, Newgate-street, and Cornhill. That
space, and all surrounding it, is now covered with
a mass of houses ; and even Peerless Pool hides
its diminished head by the side of a large Navi-
gable Canal which has swept awaythe Shepherd
and Shepherdess. Then came Temple Gardens,
the resort both of old and young, and where the
whole world of fashion, from Temple-bar to Ald-
gate Pump, used to inhale fresh air, tinctured
with mud, or mud-water, as the tide happened to
decree. But these have long been closed as a
place of general resort ; the crabbed Benchers
could not bear that so many human creatures
should be happy.. Among a few other places of
general resort were-the Tower Wharf and Parade,
and the open space infront of the Custom-house;

and it is the reported closing of which that ha.
called forth these remarks. We trust that tht
report is not true ; or, if it is, that the order ii
both cases will be recalled. Every thing shoulO
he done to increase, nothing to diminish, tl:e
comforts of the middling and lower ranks of
people. The Duke of Wellington is constahlt
of the Tower, and, as First Lord of the Trea-
sury, of course, has the command of the Custom-
house. It is not likely that his Grace can have
heard of these little teazing acts of some of the
underlings in office ; and we feel confident that,
if such paltry doings do come to his ears, he will
give the word of command for the Custom-home
and the Tuwer again to take " open order."—
Morning Herald.
