MR. BROUGHAM.

FOR THE. SUN.
EDITORL--For many months past I have
been a constant reader of your Paper, which I
Lave admired far its liberality, loyalty, and inde-
pendence ; and especially , for having thrown
open its colurnni 'for the free discussion of ail
subjects connected with the Welfare and happi-
ness of the people, if divested of personal hosti.
lity and rancour. How great, therefore, v$ as
,my
astonishment on perusing in it, this evening, an
illiberal' attack on Mr. BaouGnA,m,for his recent
speech Wlr..u4i4sls case at the Durham
AssizeS; and the 'degrading comparison viith
which it is accOmpanied.
I regret this exception to Your general rule ;
if the writer of this ',Paragraph aisapproved of
Mr. Bitot;Gli.tm's Speech, it wag open to him to
have attempted its 'refutation ; hut if .
th:nks
he prornotes the trtie. dignity and cause of :the
Established Church by dealingin abuie avt per-
Sonal invective he is egregiously mistaken ; for
the GREAT BODY of sound Church Men do slat
shun, but court inquiry, cunsciousof.the stability
of hi foUndation, and its inherent power to resist,
successfully, the attacks ofitifidelity and schism.
I am sure von Will regret the inadvertence 'under
which this paragraPh became inserted in. your
Paper ; for, hOweVer you may differ wifti
BROUGJLtM in the general tenor of his politics,
you must admit that in 'Private life no man i 3
more universally esteemed than he is, for .hit
social and friendly disposition and , that his
education, learning,•and talents justly place him
high 'hi the estimation of the ptiblic.

Series Coffee house, August 12, 1821

*

*** Our first Correspondent is right in his conjecture. The
paragraph in question appears to have been 'hastily written br
a Correspondent whose communications we have long bediA:-
customed to admit, and on. oaf 'part was too'hastali
We join in respect for the talents ailetprivate
BAOUGLIA3I*ith the 'writers of the tiro precedindletteii

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE•

Paws, AUG.9.—The last accounts from Vienna
.announce that the answer of the Emperor Alex-
.ander, relative to the choice-of the town in which
he next Congress is to be holden, has not yet
arriaed. It appears certain that his Royal and
-Imperial Majesty will leave St. Petersburgh on
the day after the fete for Vienna. After which
it appears he intends procee.ding to Rome, as he
lons written to Prince Italinski, stating that he
will occupy the palace of the Russian Ambassa-
dor (Palazzo Doria).—(.Journal des &bats.)
W e learn from Toulon, under date the 31st
.saf Juiy, that" the squadron under the command of
Rear atithis. Hamelin sailed at 5 o'clock that morn-
Arg : it consists of the Colosse, on board of which
the Admiral has hoisted his flag, the frigates La
Guerriere and La Thetis, the corvette L'Echo,
...and the gamut be Momus, which is to serve as
y tender. This squadron will be reinforced by
the Jean Bart ship of the line, and the Sibylle
brig from Brest. The destination is not known,
but the report most prevalent, and also most pro-
bable, is, that the fleet will cruize on the coast of
Spain. The Admiral takes the title of Com-
Islander of the Naval Forces of his Majesty in
the Mediterranean, which gives additional credit
to the rumour that all the King's ships in the
-.l`flediterranean will reinforce this fleet.----(lbid.)
We announced that General Berton had re-
14uested M. Merilhou to undertake his defence.
M. Merilhou has in consequence applied to the
. Minister of Justice for leave to go to Poictiers.
No answer has been made to his demand ; but
the son of General Berton, who applied to the
. Ministry, in order to obtain sonic. information.
. received a verbal answer that permission would
not be granted to M. Merilhou.
L'Etoile quotes, with an eagerness truly na-
tional, articles from the English Journals, which
basely insult M. Lafitte, and the other Deputies
of the Opposition. Is it thus that .they would
-wish to remove the prejudices which exist against
the English ? But those vile calumnies of The
Courier ought not to fall upon the English actors.
The Courier no more expresses the opinions of
the English nation, than L'Etoile does the sen-
timents of the French nation.—(Le Constitu-
tionnel.)
COLMAR, AUG. s.—We are assured that a
• telegraphic dispatch has this day arrived, an-
nouncina to the authorities that an order of the
Court of Cassation has been made, by which
.Lieutenant-Colonel Caron and the other accused
will be sent before a Council of War.
VIENNA, Juav 27.—8 y the last news from
Constantinople, it appears that the hope of hav-
ing a Congress at Kaminietz Vodolski, to esta-
blish direct communications between Russia and
the Porte, is abandoned. It is not known whether
M. de Tatischeff has made new propositions, as
mottling of the negociations in general transpire.
( From the Oriental Spectator of June 28.)
" SMYRNA, JUNE 24.—1 n the night of the
Sth, or rather at half-past one in the morning of
the 19th, the sky towards the S.S.W. appeared
for forty minutes to be on fire, from which it was
iasassan that some unfortunate event had taken
place off Scio, which lay in that direction.. On
Wednesday evening the Bairam began. On
Thursday the Turks came, to our quarters, and
the day passed over in such perfect tranquillity,
that the Greeks, encouraged by the peaceable
behaviour of the Musselmen, at last also
?eft their houses, and went about every where
uninterrupted, and without meeting with the
slightest insult... In the evening all returned
borne easy and contented, and congratulated each
other on- the admirable order which had prevail-
ed during this first day of the Bairam, when all
at once a report was spread that the Turkish
High Admiral had lost his life, and his ship was
burnt by the Greeks. Our Paella had received
this news by four different couriers, and made it
kaown. A general panic ensued. People asked,
is it only one ship of the line that has been
..blown up ? Wl;at impression will such a tragical
event make on the Turks under present circum-
stances ? What will • become of the Greeks ?
. I the Turkish quarter all was still ; all buried
.in profound sleep; but in the neighbouring quar-
ters of the Franks, terror, tumult, and confusion
prevailed. At eleven o'clock at night a ge-
Beni I flight commenced, and still continued
at day-break. Men, women, children, and
baggage filled the streets leading towards the
6ea shore, and all fled in confusion to the houses
on the strand, before which twelve European
ships of war were at anchor. At half-past 4 o'clock
in the morning, crowds of fugitives still continued
to pour through the street of the'Franks. We now
savra:the Commander of the Guard, an old man, with
a large white beard, advance quite alone to meet
them, and conjure them in a loud voice to turn
• back and not to give way to unworthy fears.
,His exhortations were not in vain : about nine
o'clock all the .streets • -*ere empty, the Greeks
bad gone hack to their houses, and the Franks
• who had.staid at home had not been a moment
molested. Friday passed over in the same quiet
manner. The Turks did no harm to any body ;
some of them even affected a kind of cheerful-
. -press ; many of them went quite unarmed, and we
Award more than one say, " If our Admiral is
.blown up, what does it matter ? It was God's
will. We are at war with the Greeks, it is na-
tural that they seek to do us all the injury in
their power. Does then the fate of an Empire
depend .on -the loss of a ship of the line ? In the
room of the one we will build ten new ones."—
Triday is well known to be ttAlay consecrated by
thqilusselmen to prayer, on which account they
'lnd assembled at noon in the Mosques. In the
principal Mosque the Iman mounted the pulpit,
,and- took the burning of the Admiral's ship for
th.e subject of his discourse. He painted in
gloomy colours all the horrors committed at Scio,
iii shedding of innocent blood—the wanton
burning and destruction of the city and the vil-
lages--the innocent women and children cruelly
seized, and then carried -into slavery. God, he
said, incensed at these enormities, had hailed
.down from Heaven the avenging fire, &c. The
Turks, from whom we have learned this fact, and
.Arho were themselves present at this severe lec-
aureo_assured us that it bad made a profound itn-
