GERMAN PAPERS.

BRUNN, OCT. 4.—The estates of Moravia have re-
solved to commenscrate the joy of the inhabitants, at
his Majesty the Emperor having received no injury by
his fall from his horse, by assiging 20,000 florins to be
united to the actual capital for establishing an asylum for
the blind ; 10,000 florins to increase the number of ad-
missions into the asylum for the deaf and dumb; and
10,000 florins to encourage the establishment fcr infant
children. They have obtained his Majesty's permission
to call their establishments by the names of Francis and
Caroline. The Estates have, besides, caused large sums
to be distributed among the poor.
BERLIN, OCT. 9.—ln spite of the unfavourable weather
this summer, the prices of corn have again fallen, the
speculators for a rise having become sensible that it would
be out of their power to control the prices. In almost
all the eastern provinces the corn is good, but not in
sufficient quantity. We may observe that rather higher
prices of corn would be desirable, and it is time for Prussia
to be enabled by the convention on the tariff to treat, in its
own name, and that of its allies, rather more on a par
with England and France.
The union in a common system of Customs is consi-
dered not only as a commercial improvement, but as a kind
of security against the augmentation of the existing indirect
taxes, or the introduction of new ones which cannot be
imposed without the consent of the contracting parties.
In this manner the Government has set itself bounds
which indicate its intention.

CARLSRUHE, OCT. 13.--In the sitting of the Second
Chamber yesterday, the subject of the public prisons and
houses of correction was mentioned. Several of the
speakers dwelt on the necessity of a different arrangement
with respect to persons put into prison for misdemeanors
or crimes of different degrees of guilt, and of the pro-
priety of classing them. With respect to persons confined
for what are called political offences, they ought not to be con-
founded with persons who are the very reuse of society. The
respective rank in society of persons guilty of the same offence,
would frequently make the very same punishment much
heavier on one than on another. After some discussion,
the Chamber resolved to enter on its Journals the wish
that the persons guilty of political offences might be lodged,
if not in different establishments, yet at least distinct from
other persons. M. Von Rotteck, observed on this occa-
sion, that there are political offences in which the essence
of a crime is not to be found, viz., that the person com-
mitting an act knows that it is deserving of punishment.
Such, said he, are most of the offences committed by means
of the Press.—Frankfort Papers, Oct. 15.
VIENNA, OCT. 11.—Five per Cent. Metalliques,
93 3-16 ; Four per Cents. 83 1.16 ; Bank Stock 1,193.
—.Allgemeine Zeitung, Oct. 16.

LONGEVITY.—There is now living at Clap-
ham-common a Lady who was present at the Coronation
of George the Third. It may also not be generally
known that the widow of the celebrated circumnavigator,
Captain Cook, is living at Clapham, and, we believe, she
is nearly a hundred years of age.
SCHOOLMASTER ABROAD AT TARBET.—
On a signboard of a public house near Tarbet, is the fol-
lowing inscription :
" Mrs. MThail,
Licensed to retail
Spirits, porter, and ale ;
In the afternoon she has for sale,
Oatmeal bannocks, flesh, and kail,
Which travellers, hungry and athirst,
May swallow till they're like to burst;
And Mrs. MThail here lets them know
Her charges are all very low."
—lnverness Courier.

One would suppose, at first, that the Church
of England must be strong from all the exterior advan-
tages it possesses by its alliance with the state ; but no, it
is really more impotent, as the following comparative view
of its exertions and those of Dissenters for the year 1828•
29, will manifestly show :

CHURCH OF ENGLAND.
Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge £9,2OS 9 5
Society for Propagating the Gospel 0,1239 10 5
Church Missionary Society 52,050 29 1

£67,528 18 11
PROTESTANT DISSENTERS.

Wesleyan Missionary Society £41,846 12 10
London Missionary Society 37,207 0 6
Particular Baptist Society
General Baptist Society

190,010 5 0
--Correspondent of the Sunderland Herald.
PATRIARCHAL FAMILY AT HOLT.—On
the marriage of Mr. Thompson, of Wrexham, with Miss
Pate, of Chester, a week or two ago, the happy pair took
up their residence at Holt, with Mrs. Pate, the mother of
the bride, and two sisters. The united ages of these five
individuals amount to four hundred and fifteen years I
Mr. Thompson (the bridegroom) 93
Mrs. Haines 93
Mrs. Pate B9
Mrs. - (the other sister) B7
Mrs. Thompson (the bride)

Total 415
Another remarkable circumstance is, that the house in
which this patriarchal family resides, is upwards of 3. 00
years old, and is the only one now standing in the ancient
borough of Holt that escaped the ruthless ravages of
Cromwell's army in the civil wars.—Macclesfield Courier.
ORIGIN OF THE NAME OF GORDON.—The
Laird of Lochinvar, once on a time, killed a wild boar
which infested a part of Galloway, cut out the tongue,
put it into his pouch, and went to sleep. A Seaton,. his
rival in the chase, cut off the boar's head, and carried it to
the King, claiming the honour of having killed the animal,
and demanding the reward annexed to such an enterprise.
The Laird of Lochinvar awoke—suspected the trick—set
off forthwith for Holyrood—produced the tongue, which,
on examiaation of the bead, was found missing, and esta-
blished his veracity. " How did you kill him ?" said the
King. Please your 111ajesty, I just gored him down."
" Very well ; as the reward of your merit, you shall be
henceforth Goredown, Knight of Lochin; ar."—john.
seone's Edinburgh Magazine.

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 22, 1833.

The French Papers of Sunday have been
received, by which we have the following from
Bayonne to the 14th of Oct :—" The Diligence
has arrived, after being detained for three hours
at Vittoria ; the Spanish passengers were arrested,
but the French were suffered to continue their
journey.

The following is the information relative to
Navarre :—SANTOS LADRON has sustained a
combat at Los Arcos, where he lost some
men killed, and eleven prisoners, and he still
continues to command in Navarre. At Bilboa
all the Liberals, without exception, are confined
as prisoners in their houses, and a contribu-
tion laid upon them, which will ruin a num-
ber of houses. The Clergy are greatly exas-
perated, and put themselves at the head of the
volunteers.

The Indicateur to the 16th October, says,
the communication is still interrupted between
Bayonne and Madrid.
A brigade, composed of a regiment of Infantry
and a regiment of Cavalry of the Guard have
proceeded to Vittoria.

BOURMONT and his officers have asked per-
mission to embark at Carthagena, in Barcelona,
which was not granted to them.

The German papers state that the price of
corn has fallen throughout Prussia, in spite of the
speculators for a rise. Prussia expects many
benefits from the operation of her tariff.

We have read with great pleasure the follow-
ing plain and simple address of the Lieutenant-
Governor of the Bahama Island (BLAYNEY
TOWNLEY BALFOUR, Esq.) to the slaves, on
the occasion of the terms on which slavery was
to be abolished reaching him. His Excellency
appears to have been somewhat at a loss how to
explain to the blacks the distinction between ap-
prenticeship and slavery ; but wherever an im-
mediate outbreak of the slaves is avoided, there
can be no fear of their not soon being made
practically acquainted with the meaning of the
Legislature :
" My Friends and Fellow-Subject.,—You have heard
that the Parliament of Great Britain is about to do some.
thing for you. I only heard yesterday what the House
of Commons has agreed to do, and I hasten to let you
know it, that you may not be led away by liars, or in-
duced by ill-disposed persons to offer resistance or disobe-
dience to your masters, nor in any way to disturb the
public peace: for if you do you will not only be severely
punished, but you will prevent the Parliament from finish-
ing what it has begun for you.

-"
The House of Commons, which is one great part of
Parliament, has agreed to make a law by which you will
be free, but you all know that freedom does not mean
that you must not work. You will be free, but you
will be made apprentices to your masters for some
years, and he obliged to work a certain number of
hours every day for them. In a few years afterwards
—in six or seven, perhaps—if you conduct your-
selves well, you will be altogether free people, like those
at Grant Town or Carmichael. The House of Commons
has not yet fixed when you are to begin to be apprentices,
nor for how long you are to be so. Do not believe any
one, therefore, who says the change has yet begun, or
that it will be immediate. lam your friend—l will never
deceive you—l will tell you whenever the time is fixed
for slavery to end ; that is, when you are to begin to
become apprentices; but you must not forget that you are
at present slave, and that, if you are disorderly or riot-
ous, I must punish you, and compel you to be quiet and
obedient. So the King h3l ordered me, and so I will
do; but I hope better things of you—l hope you will
remain quiet, peaceable, and obedient. If you are so,
be assured that care will be taken of your interests, and
better care than any of your own exertions can effect.

(Signed)

" B. T. BALFOUR."

An eighteen-penny pamphlet, bearing the
title of " Thoughts upon the Corn Law
Question," has just made its appearance. It
purports to be written by an elector of Green-
wich, and is particularly addressed to the
electors of Greenwich, and the western
division of the county of Kent. It does not
contain any new argument, and indeed it
would be difficult to find one on the subject
since the publication of Colonel THomPsoN's
Catechism of the Corn Laws ;" but the
author is evidently in earnest, and deserves the
thanks of his fellow-electors for the honour he
has done them in the dedication of his pamphlet
to them. There is, however, an oversight in it
of some importance, which it may be as
well to point out. Speaking of the amount
to which the present corn laws tax the
consumers of food, the author says, «Good

wheat at this time may be purchased in
foreign ports at thirty shillings per quarter,
which, with all expenses added to it, could be
sold here at 40s. per quarter ; but none can be
sold without first paying a tax of 20s. per
quarter, thereby malting the selling price 60s•
per quarter. This being the market price of
home grown wheat, no foreign wheat is
taken out of bond ; nevertheless, the con-
sumers of bread have been as effectually
taxed, as if the whole 20s. per quarter
duty had been paid into the Exchequer."
The author would seem to imply here that were
it not for the corn laws, wheat might be sold for
40s. per quarter. No mistake can be greater.
Were there no corn laws, the price at Dantzic
would rise to the level of the price in England,
minus freight, and it is the cost of transports,
&c., amounting to 12s. per quarter, not 10s.'
which is the advantage the home grower must,
under any circumstances, have over the foreign
grower. Also as it is a natural advantage, it is
one which no man could or ought to complain of.
The author combats the idea of famine, arising
from permission being given to import wheat
from abroad very successfully. He says—

" Now even under these frightful circumstances, which
have been hinted at, I cannot see any increased danger of
a famine, or of famine pt ices, than now exists under the
present corn law; nor can I see how our corn law has a
tendency to prevent it. It no doubt occasions a greater
quantity of wheat being grown in England than otherwise
would be ; but there can be no doubt that it materially
contracts the growth abroad and in the aggregate. Were
our ports always open to a foreign supply of wheat, it is,
I think, certain, that a very large increase of consumption
would be the consequence, and, of course, of production
also. There was a time when some of those frightful
circumstances were in full operation, and in the hands of
a power determined, so far as his authority extended, to
accomplish our ruin as a nation. I allude to Napoleon in
the zenith of his power, when every port in Europe was
ordered to be shut against us, and the Berlin and Milan
decrees were in full force. We were at that time very
large importers of wheat, &c., and although every obstacle
and device was then put in operation to prevent onr urgent
demands from being satisfied, yet the result proved the
utter inefficiency of any power, how absolute soever, to
prevent its importation. For, during the whole period,
we imported and obtained a far greater quantity of corn
than at any other time either before or since, and continued
to do so, as long as our necessities required it. So much
for continental opposition.
" Even under still more unfavourable circumstances
than having the whole power of Europe, headed by our
most implacable and powerful enemy, assisted by his nu-
merous army, opposed to us ; and supposing, even under
the circumstances arising from a bad season or seasons,
Europe should be visited with a general scarcity, leaving
only a single Egypt free from its influence, should we, even
under all these circumstances, be in a worse situation, if
exempt from a corn law altogether, than when under the
protecting influence of our present Act? For let it be
observed, it is not in the power of an Act of Parliament
to command obedience from the seasons, so as to produce
abundance at all times, even in this highly-favoured
nation."

We agree with the author that the Houses of
Parliament consisting for the most part of men
who sell corn, any proposition for breaking up
a system which they consider a protection,
must be distasteful to them, and will be post-
poned as long as possible. But come be-
fore them in a definite shape it must ; and
when it does, let the buyers of bread mark the
conduct of their representatives, and be their
services what they may, dismiss, at the next
election, all who oppose freedom of trade in food.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Loa of 36 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND.

Supply moderate, and trade dull ; prices as last quoted.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 5 to £3 10
Kew Meadow Hay 3 15 4 8
Useful Old Ditto 3 15 4 0
E'ine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 4 5 4 8
Clover Hay 4 0 5 5
Oat Straw £1 6to £1 81 Wheat Straw... 1 10 1 13

SMITHFIELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 0. to £3 5
New Meadow Hay 3 10 4 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 10 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and ftye-grass Hay 4 0 4 5
Clover Hay (extra fine)...£s s... Generally
Oat Straw... £1 Bto £1 101 Wheat Straw 1 10 1 13
;Supply short, trade very dull, and prices barely stationary.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The only arrival we have this morning is from Madras,
papers to the 23d of June having been received at the
North and South American Coffee-house.

(From the Meerut Observer.)

We understand that a mutinous disturbance occurred
not many days ago in his Majesty's Sikh Regiment at
Ghaseepore, to quiet which the 3d Cavalry was called out.
The particulars have not as yet reached us.
treman....
We copy the following melancholy account from the
Egyptian Itloniteur:.—A letter from the Vice Consul at
Jaffa, addressed to the Consul General of Spain, at
Alexandria, states, that on • the 12th July last, Isidere
Bagnul, Procuror of Spain at Jerusalem, with five of the
religious order, all Spaniards, and several other passengers,
embarked on board a Turkish goelette, bound to Alexan.
dria. The crew of this vessel was composed of the
Captain, four Turkish sailors, and four Greeks. Owing
to adverse winds, the ship was raged to put into Tama-
gusta, in the island of Cyprus, and on the following night
they put to sea agrin. The Greek sailors had a quarrel
with the captain, and formed a plot to murder him
with the passengers, which they put into execution about
12 o'clock at night, when, finding the whole of the ship's
company sound asleep, they armed themselves. Two other
Greeks, who were hid in the ship, joined them. They
commenced by murdering the captain, and afterwards
vented their rage on the passengers, all of whom they put
to death. Two of the Turkish sailors, who were not
mortally wounded, succeeded in hiding themselves in a
corner of the ship. The murderers, after they had plun-
dered the bodies and thrown them into the sea, took to the
ship's boat with the valuables. The two Turkish wounded
sailors finding that all was quiet, cams out of their hiding
place, and succeeded with much difficulty in steering the
vessel to Cyprus, and informed the Governor of the me-
lancholy event. The number of persons murdered were
16. The Governor immediately sent in search of the
assassins.
