mouth.

`rho sSan Josef, of 110 guns, Vice-Admiral COT-
-70/4., has sailed from Plymouth.

The. greatest extrtions are making at Portsmouth
t;o
:;;c.t the riOory; Lord ILLS9N'Sl.lag.:ship, ready
io:: 30a. 1..0 1.,,0,,-0314 was sxpe6ted at Portsmouth
ye .terday ey!'..ming• to ht.iit Flag on board her.'

XVI; I;.se cxtraße:l'iu 3,. subsequent coitunry, a tew
()lit some Dutch Papers, vibiell we have
re—elv to

Th rumoured intention on, the'part Of the Al-
rowcts of direCting the war persopally against
Li4crprr of France htls drawn forth a long ar
ti le. fanu a Wtiter in the chief Opposition Paper
of ye:aerday, ill Avhich he seems to Condemn such '
a measure as impolitic and inipraeticable. But a
d i con,idcration of the subje6l will shew that it is.
both politic and praCtic)ble. The French, as a Po,o-
pie, have not pra‘rolcd the other Powers of Europe
by insnit injury. An the insults and injuries
..whiqh- those Pov.ers kitiVe received have heen. the
result of floN APA T E.:6 irascible temper and his in-
atiable ;:mbition, lie has' been treated with as
the heal the. Frily'h People, though it i5.110t0-
r 1 ile was chosen •by a very few of thon,
and that the rest were awed into silence by the se-
-061.y of his Police or his .Military Porce. InJtead
of CQ:lduaing. himself with t.,:nuetnl moderation for

City the part. of other Stater, he

hitraded'uToo the's wrtit(-Ai. seizod them,

one alto another, upon. thwie pretexts to which
and tyranny resort,' All the

forc*,

foi Jr.uxe of 01-li;:r SIM

his grasp,

17t• 7

too stiotig to fail within

n2s only augmented lltti pride and *nuns-

id L tr_nnolo3. upon

to have r

people wllOlll

Vay

,cd from slavery, though

''t: it ,to a 11111Ci1 Ln..!

de gee than dicy

.tu)11.• tile Inuit arilitrary of their rif4lit-
f, 9

,S

\Tlore then i. the hiyolit

of 3J)

T0‘,..,; t) 1110 Peqlo who tre thus es against
wit:) dragi them into a war which 'arose
•
1..„x; :pia bad irassions, 411 id Which
. .

fior,s threaten to continue as lent as. is" per-
mitted to enjoy the power which he, so .i.vidkedly
abuses 2--But it is asked, in what manner are the
People of France to testify thiir detestation of 130-

NAPARTE ?.--That they feel 'a strong detestation
against their Tyrant nobody doubts, and though
it would be difficult to throw off the yoke, while
he has so 'powerful an Army, yet it can hardly be
doubted that the Army partakes in a great degree
of the general feeling of Frenchmen, and as they
Will be the chief sufferers by new wars, resulting
from his ambition, they might be ready to aid the
expression of the general will, if an appeal to the
People of France against their Oppressor seemed to
make a strong impression on them. BONAPARTE'S
host
.of Geneiati would themselves be little inclined
to support the cause of an Upstart who holds them at. I
such a proud distance, though he chiefly depends
upon them, if they were once to find the troops
beginning to , waver, and the general feelings of
Frenchmen averse to their disgraceful bondage.
How far Frenchmen in general might be inclined
to return to their allegiance to their rightful.Mo-
nareh is. another question.; but after all their disap-
pointments, sufferings, and horrors, on what could
they be expeaed to look for repose so securely as ib
n
the bosom of legitimate authority ? The transfer of
property which has taken
,place since the Revolts.
Lion would be hilt a subordinate impediment to the
return of that authority, When opposed to the wishes
of the great majority of the people : and though
BoNAPARTi 'may be acknowledged to posses's im-
posing talents, yet they are all of a crafty, selfish,
and insidious kind : . there Li nothing respe&able in
big character s he 'is feared by and beloved-by
nono—she has not one virtue that stands in the way
of a return to allegiance, in a People who have suf-
fered too much to be seduced by any more Phantoms
of Liberty, which have only deluded them, and
exposed them to one tyrant after another, till their
chains are rivetted by:a military Upstart. ;But it is
said, that if the Allied Powers should, appeal to the,
People of France against him, he may retaliate
with dreadful effesa. -The truth, however, is, that,
as Isas been justly stated, Boxits,Awra himself set an
example of such a kind of appeal in the instance of
SWeden, and in his threats of such an appeal to the
People of this Country. So that, in faCt, it would
be a just retaliation on bins for attempting to sepa-
rate People and their lawful, Sovereigns. But it is
said, that the French People have been indebted to
BONA PARTE for' a cessation of a state of things infi-.
nitely more horrible than external warfare; yet what,
has he done
.? He has only removed one set of ty-
rants to place another over them, of which he is the
-head ; and the People, though relieved from the
horrors of blood by which their streets were de-
fuged, are held in the' Most bitter restraint, and
•hardly dare express their sentiments on any subjeCt,
lest they should be supposed to have an oblique re-
lation to their Government. Is this a condition that
renders,them so much indebted to BONAPARTE that
they must be in love, with the. fetters .heiMposes on
them ? We 'know that ROBESPI ERRE held at one
time as' much power as BONAPARTE does now, yet
TALLIEW had the courage to piroclaim bins a tyrant,
and his overthrow was sooneffeCted. But ifinstaad
Of a miscreant and a Regicide, like TALLinsr, some
honest Military CharaCter, who had the confidence
of the Troop's, and who, felt like a' true Frenchman,
were boldly to step forward, after an .appeal faint
the Allied Powers, and to sechn4 that appeal to the
hearts, understandings,. and national pride of the.
French, against an odious and !foreign Usurper,
he and his upstart family might at once be
blown away, like chaff before the tempest. 'We
are told that Englishthen
.are grossly ignorant of
both the merits and defeCts of BONAPARTE'S Go-
' verntnent in the eyes of 'Frenchmen. Are we to
suppose that Frenchmen have lost their understand-
ing with their ? Are we to suppose, that they
are nuutrii dead to all feeling ? Do they not know
that they are in the hands of a Foreign Usurper and
his band of INlyrtnidons?':Do they not know that
France is large enough fin. all their wants, and, after
so Much trouble, misery,,and horrors as they have
endured, can they want
v, to bo•tirecipitated into new
•;11'3., and dragged into military conscriptions to
support these wars, when they arc the effeta of his
pride, ambition, and injustice? Frew:lst-nen), still
smarting under the dreadful sufferings which they
have experienced, and kept in awe by an iron yoke,
may be releaant to make a movement within, lest
it should fail, and involve them, if.-possible, in more
hitter slavery's but when they mud that all Europe
• is in Firms.against their Enslaver, and only wants to
assist them. in the recovery of their own rights, it
would be to snppoSe that they are sunk into the most
brutal degeneracy, or the most torpid 'indifference, if
we did not expea them to route at an appeal (mica
' fated to restore them to tsanquillity, and a resump-
tion cat' those rights yitslets are DOW trampled under
loot by an usurping, Despot. We do not pretend to'
say that such an is assinally intended, but from
levery impartial 'view which can be taken of the stat e
• of France, acid 'the proba4le feelings and wisir,:,s of

rienehrsun, it may be fairly concluded,-that such an
appeal would lat Aqcncled rith consequences that
might icideed " give a new system to the whole
conduit of Europe, and have the most decisive' in-
iluonceon its future fortune," by rescuing It from the
power and the threats of an aspiring and restless
individual, and uniting all ito State in Bead and
amity.

•
Yesterday the Russian and Swedish Ambassadors
transaded business at Lord Mu!grave's Ofßee.
A material improvement has lately been made in
the. mode of securing non-recoil carronades. At
present the breecher is secured from the outside
by large round, pieces of wood, which stop the ship's
way through the water when she is on 4 wipd, or
sailing with the wind on Iter quarter : according Xo
the new plan, the breecher is secured withfn and
the Navy Board, from. its obvious advantage, have
dire&ed its general adoption in all the Royal Dock
Yards.

By a new regulation respeding the refit of vessels
at the different dock-yards, a given quantity of la-
bour is appointed to be rendered in a specific pe-
riod ; and on a ship being ordered into dock, it is
at the same time determined how long she is to re-
main there (excepting under particular circum-
stances) ; thus, .48 hours were allowed for the
Malta remaining in dock, and three tides for the
Belleisle, which probably would otherwise have re-
mained there several, days.

About 40 Sail of the Dutch. Transports were re-
moved into the Mars Diep on the; 2etlrult. but it is
supposed .this manoeuvre was merely meant as a de-
ception. Admiral Itusszu., however, was watch-
.ing their motions.
The Squadron at anchor in the Mars Diep con-
sists of six Sail of the Line, two Frigates, some Cor-
vette's, &c. together with. one other Ship, of the
Line, very forward in her equipment.
The number .of Soldiers embarked (Infantry and
Cavalry) amount to 18,000. Some of the Dutch
Men of 'War are much crowded, having t too on
board, including Mariners. But it is thought impos-
sible for .them to put to sea without the English
Admiral lritiging them to aelion, in which case
there can be no doubt he would (like RUSSELL of
old; give a good account of them.
Yesterday the Bank of •England Volunteers were
reviewed in the East India Company's Ground,
Islington-fields, by the Earl of HARRINGTON. Pur-
suant to General Orders,, the Corps
.mustered at an
early hour in the Bank, after breakfasting at the dif-
ferent Coffee-houses in the neighbourhood; the ex-
pellee of which was liberally defrayed by the Di-
reitors, &c.. About nine o'clock, - they marched in
grand military order, with their Officers, Col. MA'N-
WING, Major MELLisir,, &c. the • Band 'of music
playing, and
,their colours distended: Soon after
their arrival on the ground, the Earl of HARRING-
TON came, accompanied by Col. HANRAGE, Colonel
M'QuIRE, Lord CASTLEREAGH, and several persons
of distinetion.--The Corps then saluted, and went
through the battalion movements with their usual
precision.' Having fired 16 rounds, and made two
excellent charges, they passed in review before their
• Noble Inspedor, who finally expressed his approba-
tion 'of their .steady and sot ier-,like condua. On
their return to the• Bank, the Corps drevi up in line
before the Mansion-House, where they saluted the
venerable City Magistrate, the LORD MAYOR, who
appeared in front of the gallery with Col. HANRAGE,
and. returned 'the compliment by bowing several
times to them. They then marched into the Bank,
and were dismissed ; but the Officers and I)ire&ors
partook of an elegant Dinner at the London Tavern,
to which the Earl of HARRINGTON, his Aid-de Camp,
the Loan MA.YOR, &e. were invited. The Corps
mustered about 40.0 strong, and made a very respet-
able appearance. . '

The LoYal Deptford, commanded by
iLieutenant-
Colonel Tfwcu, were on Saturday last nspea.ed on
Blackheath, after having performed permanent duty;
and on the following day they attended Divine Ser-
vice, when an excellent Discourse was delivered to
them.
The St. George's, Bloomsbury, Corps were yester-
day inspe6led by Col. JntouNsofir, and highly com-
plimented for their appearance and COLlchlti.
QUERN'S BOYAL Votanarms.---This
ciplined Corps mustered at the usual place of Parade
in the Five Fields, Chelsea, with great coats, can-
teens, . knapsacks, haversacks, and every other ar-
ticle newssary for marching. They were inspcEted
by .Gen. Lord BANBURY, who expressed himself per-
feffly satisfied with their appearance, and the ready
attention shown by them to the orders respe&ing
their appointments. After a few of the usual ma-
nceuvres, the Regiment passed, the General in re-
view. were then marched to the Colonel's
house,. where they wheeled into line, and, after a
general salute, were dismiSsed. The muster con-
sisted of near 400 men.

Do' CASTitil, Auo. 30: —This followiug is an
authentic List of the West Riding Corps under
arms in consequence of the alarm by lighting up the
Beacon on Wednesday the 15th ult.

Rank and File.
present. Absent.
Southern Reg, West Riding Yeomanry Ca- / 301 41
I, valry . - .
Rotherham Infantry . - . 381 16
Sheffield Infantry - . . 5711 15
Staincrois Infantry - - , - + 560 6
Watt' Wood Infantry - • -27 a Iv

lio-njasier Infantry
" 34t 4j
EcclCsfielti Infantry " 104 10
rTitorne Intantcy - * 94 6

Total 2717 163

We understand that on Saturday last B. FRANK,
Esq. Vice Lieutenant, received a letter from the
Secretary ot Sta expressiv eof the highest approbation
of the condua of the Volunteers, in assembling on
the late alarm, and' that on a return being made of
the number so assembled; an order will be issued for
the payment of two guineas to each, agreeably to
the Aa of Parliiment • and we further understand
that General DistriEt drders will be issued by Lieut.
gen. WYSE, Commander in Chief of the York mili-
tary dist riEt, publicly thanking the above Volunteers
for their great spirit and alacrity.

The hop plantations in some parts of Sussex have
improve(' so much of late, that. several. Planters in
the ticighbour4c.,eci of AVytield Calculate upon 1:

to:1 an acre.

k

NAVAL.., NEWS.
.......001"*". A
pyroblyril, su. 1.--Mrived the French 'le
ns (one of the
tional Corvette La Torche; of 20
guA
which engaged and took the Blanche Friga-te, Cipt.
catured by the Golf
MUDGE), p
ath, of 74 guns, in ,
thel taisonalle, of 64 guns ; the latter
company with
'
is stated to have sailed in pursuit of La Topao,;
French Frigate, of 44 gnus, with every prospea of,:
t
coming up with her. t,
Arrived the Pickle Schooner, of t 4 guns, fon'''.
the Channel Fleet, with Dispatches. be is said ta
bring intelligence of the combined FlcPts Wing
*bed Cadiz.
Sailed the, San Joscf, oftlo guns,Vice7Mtniral,
.
COnTsieVOpZ, and . the Itevobilionnaie,
of
44 Ws) t!'
ence of a signal made from prig Sloop of
co
which arriv ed off the Harbour last
War, eveninp
-, , , , ' • •
supposed to be from Admiral CoaNwAats
It is this evening reported, but from 3 source on
vhich much reliance cannot be placed,
that the
Rochefort Squadron have escaped, and arriled Pia
in Brest Harbour:

POIITSMOVVI, ,SEPT. 2.--Lasl CVellin, at ten
La Prevoyan swoon,
o'clock, the .Euryalus Frigate, Capt. Bo
came in from the Channel Fleet ; this tot'n?;
te Storesliip,CaP
tar, with-- 'two Transports. under Convoy; all Q
which are put under quarantine at the Motherb3.llk:
Also the 'iris Frigate, Capt. BRACE, from DTP i
Chance Cutter, from a Havre ; Dorotlq and
.141IC'
THOMPSON, Swift, MASINGTON, and Northiosber!
land, WHIT, *QUI Sunderland ; and Brothel:01W
BIS, from Newcastle. t. iN4TOY, frOlTlGibrf
, klon,
Sailed this morning. the Hero, pf 74 015'
Capt. GAION.ER, for the Channel Fleet. ~ u
Every exertion has been made to get the Pc'°'l.l
ready for sea ; her guns, which had been on sr
for repairing the carriages, are now taking io IY1;3/9
The Royal Sovereign has
when le will be completely ready. insnd
11 i
topmasts, and is rigging with all possible &vac
she wilt go out of harbour this week'
all her roasts pot

Aqduad, Squadrons 11:adPvilt1;g's%
ANOTHER LETTER, sAmr, PAII" 'cos
E Last night the Hon. Capt. BLAciovooP, °'
4u rya/usFrigate, landed at Ly ton, an
ex
presss to'
piut with
iiiiiitt:llci
f Mar] CoLLINGWOOD, Who WO Off that Pat Ow
our Sail of the. Line, retired n311°1.415 °f
trill. °SP:r
proach; and in a few hours after was Joins b-i,ich
BERT CALDER, with 18 Sail Of the Ole, ‘4 0'
gaesir
oofitilliee
united Force now blockade the Port, The Paula
is arrived at Spithead. ' - Cr frOtil I
Arrived the Iris Frigate, Captain 13"—' opt,
____O-nize. She fell in with the Phenix FriPtes 5,,g0
BAKER, and her prize, La Dition, on their 1'3,:,0,1
French Captain HARVSY, from
to Gibraltar, which Capt. B. W 35 plltißig to .--
'
2Cotobolulitn,:t
the Combined
Squadrons. 6 64 rlnh
Last night arrived the 'ligantenigog,.o. .0164
Prisoners taken out of La Torebe fr°3
captured by the Goliath. :,,e, tore"
Lord NELsorr is exp 41 d h this eYell'"P'
et, e ere
hoist his F'
lag on board the VitiorP , tie), the
In the
just hoisted
late movement of the .13tesr,'•-• c'eg
Crete- of the Hibernia cheered on the liPPe'ar°/1 lad
ilo 0
their coming out : AdttbuieralCillogiollelv'l 81
men in the most exhilarating Manner, ond e"
..,a0
raged them to continue their cheering till tholc"}:,,l
io sf'
his Flag on board of her,. addl.° ,icoo,
alongside of the Freed' threeclecice then
to,
when, he said, he would join in the eicol°, co,
Tice Arab and Favourite, and the frP otto
, ...., A 11
Voy, were ordered yesterday, by t 00,34
sail.

Packet,
FALMOUTH', AUG,
Dow; from 31,
----- Wor
dlish/%1
""co'r
Passage ; Friendship, RODAHTS, 10.0 1 frola
Jupiter, Hopon, from Cork /3 il°ll 1
;Po y, A vet
Dartmot ti i:l7mAl,rrNivvictah tlicail:,lnatt43l
.. 11; and Success, Roaziersol..-, fteo tor
and joined Convoy to Newfoundland ; l'ls°' : rill'
bon, the 'fuck/and Packet, ScnnvLro, 1.°'.1
month, with Mails. . ,s jor;o'
Sailed the American Ship John and iivi ,
1, or
for Loudon ; Lord Hobart Pacicet, 9°46 ' ,biii,
. 60
Lisbon, With Mails ; and His MojestY 6 1 Idrie
Cheerl y for the Channel Fleet, with a, fleet 0
tuallers natter Convoy.
............ L'l'B
....,,,, ,
DEAL, Sv.rr. --Sailed this trornii.b , otte•
talit,",l4 Unite, and Ariadne Frigate ; SPl4' . 4 of
es 100 P
L' Utile, Bonetta, Zephyr, and lierol
~,s frifY
War ; Discovery, Ilecla , _Zebra, Ileig''.
.' , I,oi
Lucifer Volcano, and Devastation 00031"' wito
, 3 , , , .
ENO?! and Banger Malec!' Defence 61.4 .I,ficeo
large Fleet of Gan-brigs, Sze. to thew r'sirooll of
stations off the French Coast ; and ./Irijs
War, with '• Convoy to Cork. s'is,'
I e Pidgeon
Comedown from heerneo,t 1 _,lssvitti
S *
Lielit. riccscriAvT, and rcinan3 in the 1,0,7000
tit, echt ,00 A ''' eji;
lii. la jcsty' ship-s
Alga!' ,rid • ,i„iFire-v° i
T raper° 130mb ; several C;130-' ',,
~sordlw.ll`'
and a larger-Fleet ofirr,msport., 11.40 09
-

a:

iH'

I~;

S2rr. 2.—Sailecffrora the Nore this
MA
ling the &row mtsof of War, with about forty
ii of Transports under. Convoy, for the 136 writ;','
ith a fine brqzeiaeNT:. W.

1 6tpl

FOLLOWING IS AN RnTRACT OP A LETTER FROM
911AIN PARKER, LATE OF THE' SHIP NORFOL,
DATED ON BOARD 1115 MAJESTY'S SHIP .PILIGEN-
HA, PLYMOUTH, 20TH LISGUST :
"We sailed froM Nigril Bay (Jamaica) with the
otyoy under charge. of His tylajesty's Ship The-
on the 4th of julY. On the tid of August, m
it 36% 39. N. long. 63. 49. W. parted company,
iftousequence of undertaking to tow up some of the.
kivy sailers. The Ship we last had in tow was the
,figuva, of Liverpool The Ships which I can re-
tse,der being with the Theseus are - as follow :-
41/g0 Baq, DRISCOLL ; Vestal, I\IOiLLE ;
Die
Boddingtons, WRIGHT ; AM,
'AG ; Lady lihnstgn,
qiCRY ; FAti LESTER ; 'Mermaid, RILCOUR ; • Dry Hartour,
'7; Pluenix, DOUGLAS ; and Jamaica, NV:R
ALEH.
lhe whole of the Convoy, whets we parted,
kunty'l to above 140 Sail, which I trust are at no
skit distance."
U,
44 are sorry to hear of the following paptutest
liArtits, and Bristol, Mußaocx, from
to Bristol; the &stock, KELLY, from Ja-
to Liverpool;
ndon Nl:stall, LUKE, from Jainaica
are carried in and the Cliesterval, ---, from Jamaica
to Cuba.

cv7he following Order was circulated through tlid
ii,i7)l\ll\cittAby mmiral CORNWALLIS, the eveil.,
- '.urc Le late brlLli with the Brest Fleet :
.. it is the Co " Pills. de Paris, Aug'w _2le..
tr,,,„1,,i F, orrintarOcr in Mief's intention to atta,..k ►14,1,v
t. Fleet at their anchorage at daylight to-morfv_..
e,;',ur;,_ . le will lead in, in the Ville de Paris. you will
Ltir, , "most,endeAvou to hoard, burn, and destroy, r
"till' InemY'4 Skips, by any 'means in your power.
(Siotd) .4, W. CORNWALLIS."

__
•
;4°t'd Ntt.tost sets out in a day or two,; ,
1‘ 4414341 a in the Mediterranean station. , His
to resume
'rchiP attended at the AdMiralty yesterday to re-
teire his insirutiiene
T
;1,1,8t, 13 the Combined Fleet sailed from
titi',"' tare
Anierican Ships, under Convoy of two
t srol,
le-CiSkiPs's sailed from Nantes for Cadiz, laden
it'll . "l't "`fellork, , and biscuit ; the Co/pqs Brig
0. In with them in the night, and captured tw.e, ;
4‘ rest
kl the Main.
tererated, and gbt between the isle of Dim
Thle
t,,ln (-4Y sailed from Leith Roads
fur
th,ii% Shp, cape WATSON,, with a Qonvo.Y
the ii,hiezo
vial Litc;and Wood/ark Gun-brig, Lieut. I ti*lrE,s2
lk,it, ~ ' trade for Tonningen:—eAlso arrived, in
deiai:,e936 itvo Neutral . Ships, from the Baltic,st.
13 I'lll by Ills Alajesty's Sloop "karat:the, Capt.
%TON.
The Sill
• bi smontil
Qictri :at the top of the steeple of =Oll
tivi ea has been taken down, and repaired. 'ThereWO
tivel'tf. been various reports of her dimensions,_ 0 _
the staff been
as an accurate statement :-,-1': 1.112;
thetjP,4) the tafFrail 3 feet 6 inchei add a half
4.44'4 of the deck's 0 inches and .a half ;
critly °if, her hell ' ancltlile
14 inches and a half. , She is cell; kit' (''
th4l)f)et, and has 'been new g4t. . ,On firsti
11.1c4t,:„:;ter for, is the date of her. being..
til,.t 'tit steqle, 1710, the figures beiiig pier,ce9.
oils tile t'aee, The names S. .F-Lew KINS and J
1), 1,1,1 Charch-wardens, with the,- date, Augusto
theil:t; tr,,e now stamped -on the vessel ; and also e(1,1,.):-'' ke Reeroua, who new gilded the slit?:
44
~fint, who repaired the copper work. T.lef.,
thip. t tilt' fore-mast, and the whole body' of th
raver .
14. 4e k%lth the wind.
less, IN
.. •
(elk e. nit's•--On Wednesday the 16th
sti) rwst, at night, was launched f
awn thebocK,
'of Die-,
,titilba
'nt th Y• a beautiful Frigate. named the Pitt, be
het .
His majesty's
'rect!. i ever built in India for
.__
t"4lciti„L 4t. 'nay be remarked, as rather an amusing
aNtO of circumstances, that Cal t. VASII.OIY.
mr,)lCl
4 110; w"°le of the Crew of the Fox Frigate, l i
11N. kil4iring in dock, has been traneferred,to the
,itelo ~
Prigate, the Pitt. . .
'VP, of r,
kept in
a eate eoaki AUG. 23...—We are still •
~i„.
altily t 4 relspetise, sometimes expeCting- inmie"
4 t 4, e t'll) and soon after in an uncertain state;
4i,,i,e,.3artllte• Sir D-tviD went afloat a few daYs
Itoyal A itr strength consists of a ofdetachment. the
deach'ililttillery„ half of the 20th Light Dragoons, .a
Wei oeir'it of the Royal Staff Corps, and two Bri-
'filk3ALL'e Line. 'General BERESFORD'S consists
Scats, ",`::93d, and ti3d 3 and General FERGLISbN 5
the
"on; 11''' 2d, and 24th : this last we call
4111er,) ri.g'lde• :We are likewise daily
itplo,,ttiiis, or etith Foot, under Lord . Fieentere
4 th;,, ,_ ... es.pe6ting the
'l'.eltt .41' ' an uncommonly fine Regiment.
*et ~,total,MaY se'nnight as some pieces of ordnance
itle,ihetrt•loog so Lewes from ',Newmarket
,Newmarket Hill,
44 ittg 4iX ba Ph had been brigading, one, of them,
hiatql,
~ in -shells in the usual repositotY, was
-911c,e •e" tlear the Old Barracks, by the sudden
1,,,. lon ,
~
,Is,
..'tti\t4i. 01 three of the shells; but happily ''''''
fT,ttLat,iiii9ittrtvte 4d,,e,el the gun escapd.witbout any ma-
ioe.,ntcb 4et explosion, it is supposed, was
6 ll'
114 4(1 Y Varks of fire that the collision of the
pro 4
liced, and communicated to some•
ItattkrtotZleortrwhich the jolting of the carriage .had
Vl/444're out
• . ,
k,iN,it 1111„1,111* AUG. 31.--The barley and oat•
lie "4 eunnnenced
4+s'' la the late e generally in, this county,
the weather,
11. le tQa,, favourable state of ,
',qaeet • "Y places heels carried ; in the Isle of
'tlie h ill Panic' 1.
ikm prod4ce . -11 dr, nearly the whole, of the crops.
t, 1 ie tp,,
,ts admitted on all hands to be
~43
,k, ,rlttty and quality,:..., great,,,.
The wheat ham:A
;1,1:lin-r,11,vel'(.,.ekrY
I.,Partiallyore will be cut in the
tl, till' forte. ' Lit 18
in expeaed to be general
Ct. of kl,t."'ght, and in of
districts, particularly
ittelill ',.. keet the farmers do not calculate on
g Lot' a qui longer period.
lb
.
14-i `ert bein --- ,
X1'21!) MAyr no emirt of Aldermen. this day, the
b. .:4,yei i)4, , after inspeCting the Returns of the.
''tea
..ICtiluta, ordered the price of Bread to. be
41434' 41 'the peek loaf, to take' plaee on
• „ (.4114.
iJe Luerive.
ret)
1, 414414 44y last was married, at Whitchur .1
41e.. k h i Nrt- 44 'VAtill tne Rev.
JO TIN GRI.I 10, the Rev.
iti Ater, p . TTAtvr, second son of Genuil' \LA s-
li, 'IT NI , L
t' 4 (4I) LlTtuer for the .County Of Berks)
,-A b
.1/14.k D 11444, eldest daughter of Oxfordshire,
J 443
(I' '3f CaQllibe Lodr,' Oxfordshire.,
0-,
