on attendant on the election of Members of Par

liament will be rooted out of England. Whatever
eradicates these foul stains from the national character
must accord with the genius of the British people.
We shall not lose sight of those Members of the
House of Commons who stand pledged to their consti-
tuents to support the Ballot. They have now an
opportunity of redeeming their pledge on this ques-
tion ; and we trust that we shall not be called upon
to class theM among the absentees, should a division
take place. We have small sympathy with Parlia-
mentary invalids, and assuredly we shall not extend
to those pseudo-liberals who decline to record their
votes on the Ballot. In particular we shall expee
that those Members who cry out against the dcsecra
tion of the Sabbath from purely religious motives, tai;
come forward to protect the conscience of the poor man
from the influence of bribery and intimidation. If is
be meritorious in the sight of GOD to protect the
Sabbath, it must be still more meritorious to protect
the people against compulsory perjury, or inevitable
uin.

The Meeting of the Birmingham Political Union,
which took place yesterday, is a handsome :,:lswer to
the Conservative cry of re-action. Though Reformers
of all grades and classes were present, yet but one
spirit predominated, ns.melv, that of unhesitating con-
fidence in Ministers. To so great an extent did this
spirit prevail, that the Meeting expressly recommendcd
in one of their leading resolutions, that " the redress
of grievances be so sought, as not to aid the intrigues
of enemies, or embarrass tried and faithful friends."
What will the Conservative's say to this ? Can they
point to any similar resolution ever made in their
favour, by such a vast body of people, as composed the
Meeting in question ? Not they. The utmost they
can do, is to point to the few hole-and-corner addresses
which were got up, for interested purposes, to confirm
Sir R. PEEL in his adherence to the Tamworth Ma-
nifesto.

The subjects discussed at the Birmingham Meeting
were first, Corporation Reform ; secondly, the Irish
Church question ; and thirdly, the Grievances of the
Dissenters. Now, on all these topics, though there was
but one opinion as to the pressing necessity for their
promptest consideration, yet it was unanimously re-
solved that they could not be left in better hands than
in those of Ministers, who were bound, both by prin-
ciple and inclination, to do them every justice. When
the Conservatives last succeeded to power, we do not
remember that Birmingham accorded them a vote
of confidence like this. Notwithstanding they too
professed Reform, not a Reformer stirred .in their
favour. All was doubt and anxiety on the part
of their friends—despair on the part of their ene-
mies ; but no sooner have they quitted the helm, than
the dormant spirit of the people revives, and public
Meetings—not packed, hole-and-corner Meetings,
where the Chairman presides with the key of the
door in his pocket---.are held in all quarters of the
country to thank the KING for the dismissal of his
late, and the restoration of his present, Ministers.
But by far the most important of these Meetings is the
one that has just taken place at Birmingham. In point
of intelligence—of numbers—of legitimate popular in-
fluence—it is worth all the Conservative Associations
that have been manufactured since November last. In
the latter, we hear only the voice of a party. In the
former a people speak out. It was Birmingham that
originated the popular cry for the Reform Bill ; and
it will be the same Midland Metropolis that by the
irresistible force of its example, will ring the death-
knell of the Conservatives.

We are glad to see that in the zeal of their discussion
on the Irish Church and Corporation matters, the
Birmingham Reformers did not lose sight of the great
question of Registration. One of their resolutions was
to the effect, that " this meeting, impressed with the
importance of being at all times prepared for a general
election, strongly urge upon the Reformers throughout
the kingdom the necessity of a strict attention to the
approaching Registration." Electors of the United
Kingdom, pay attention to this advice 1 Those who
have offered it you, know well its value—know well
that though the victory of Reform can only be decided
in St. Stephen's, yet that the first blow must be struck
in the Registration Courts. Register yourselves then
at the first fitting opportunity. Get up Meetings
throughout the country, for the purpose of impressing
this caution on the people. If you hesitate—if you
defer 'till to-morrow what could be done to-day—you
will not only paralyze the exertions of your friends,
but furnish your enemies with ten-fold powers of an-
noyance. Show but as much zeal—as much subtlety
—as much unanimity—in the cause of Reform, as the
Conservatives are hourly showing in the cause of into-
lerance, and from that moment the victory is your's.
You cannot expect that Ministers—no matter how
well disposed—will toil all day in the vineyard, if you
content yourselves with creeping lazily in at the
eleventh hour. No, no. Turn and turn-about is
fair play. If they work, so must you. If they agree
to encounter difficulties, so must you. Each must
help the other, in fair and just proportion.

The motion which Mr. CAYLEY insisted so perti-
naciously in obtruding upon the House of Commons
last night, to the prejudice of the great question of
Corporation Reform, was rejected by a majority of 90,
the numbers on the division being 216 to 126.
Though the advocates for a depreciation of the currency

THE SUN, LONDON, TURSDA Y, JUNE 2, 1835.

joined the clamourers for agricultural relief, on )
this occasion, the objects of the confederacy were
signally defeated. At this we heartily rejoice. We
can conceive nothing more mischievous--nothing
more calculated to sap the very foundations of national
prosperity—than Mr. CAYLET's project of tampering
with the currency. Whether Sir ROBERT PEEL'S
Bill, passed in 1819 was a prudent measure or not,
is not now the question. That it produced a
greater mass of individual suffering than any
financial measure ever adopted by the Legislature,
we are thoroughly persuaded ; and we suspect, that
had its real effects, its actual working, been foreseen, it
never would have passed. But to attempt now to undo
the evil then done by an opposite measure, would be
the maddest and the most cruel attempt that ever was
made. Instead of compensating the former sufferers,
which is the only plea that can be brought forward
for it, it would infallibly create an equal, if not a
greater amount of new suffering, and in numbers
of cases the same parties would suffer twice.
As to any relief which the depreciation of the currency,
by whatever means accomplished, would afford to the
agriculturist, no hope can be entertained by any ra-
tional person. And here is the great point in esta-
blishing which the currency people have so completely
failed. They attribute the low price of wheat to an en-
hanced currency, and they say relieve us, "by debasing
the currency." But how have they accounted for the ano-
malous and unprecedented fact that one commodity alone
has fallen, if the cause be one which equally affects all
commodities. Upon this they are silent—and for the best
of all reasons—because they have nothing to say. The
public debt, they cry, is rendered heavier by the effect of
PEEL'S Bill. Be it so ; but how does that affect the
agriculturists in particular ? Do not the other
classes feel this burden equally with them, and, in-
deed in a greater degree? inasmuch as the agriculturist
makes no direct contribution to the revenue. His
indirect contributions would be increased by the pro-
posed alteration in the currency. The real cause of
the low price of wheat is, as we said in a former arti -
cle, an increased supply, and while this supply conti-
nues, it is utterly in vain to attempt to raise the price
by legislative enactments. It would be as rational to
make laws for regulating the winds and the waves.

We have received the whole of the Paris Papers of
Sunday, which furnish a report of the proceedings in
the Chamber of Peers on Saturday, with regard to
the Advocates accused of signing the letter addressed
to the prisoners of April. The cool effrontery of the
Chamber in negativing, with all the listlessness imagin-
able, every objection raised against its competency—lts
declaration of the inseparability of its legislative
and judicial functions—its assumption of - inquisi-
torial power by compelling the accused to give
evilnice against themselves—its contempt for the esta-
blished laws, and the articles of the Charter—ore the
subjects of bitter invective in the columns of all the
Liberal,Journals. By the laws passed for regulating
the public press of Feance, the registered Editor is
alone responsible for what appears in the columns of a
paper, unless where lie consents to give up the actual
writer, and appears as a witness against him. The sig-
naiure of any other name to a libellous article affects not
the question of responsibility, as the party whose name is
affixed to the objectionable document is presumed to
have acted under the sanction of the principal Editor
—or that at least L:1;3 la';:cr 11:17_, voluntarily chosen to
incur those penalties which he is previously aware the
law may impose upon him. This law the Peers hove
trampled upon, in order to gratify their appetite for
revenge. They not only seize the Editors of the •
journals in which the letter addressed to the prisoners
appear, but they order ninety other individua!s
to be dragged before them, and without a shadow
of evidence, command them under penalty of impri-
sonment for contempt, to become their own prosecu-
tors. This infamous proceeding was warmly resented
by several of the Advocates. The following extract
from the Report will show the nature of the spirit
which the despotism of the Peers is conjuring up
among the educated classes in every part of France:.
M. de Vielblanc, a barrister of the Cour Royale of Paris, said
that it was principle of criminal law that no accused individual
could either injure or justify himself by his own declaration. If,
therefore, he were to answer affirmatively to the questions of the
President, he could not, on the principle above mentioned, be con-
. demned, and still less were he to answer negatively.
The President—Answer in precise terms, whether you have pub-
lished or signed the letter?
M. Gervais, physician, of Caen, when his name was called, ob-
served, that the present trial was an episode of the forty years' war,
engaged between the monarchy and the republic, and which would
terminate in the complete overthrow of the monarchical principle.
The President—Beware of aggravating your position by intem-
perate language.
M. Gervais, in continuation, protested against any interpretation
of his words. After commenting on the irregularities with which,
in his opinion, the trial of the political prisoners had hitherto been
attended, he said that he was now in presence not of his judges but
of his political enemies, and that the form of question addressed to
the accused parties was a snare to entrap them, to induce them to
avow their concurrence in the sentiments expressed in the incul-
pated letter. Peers, continued M. Gervais, venture to ask my
opinion of yourselves, and I will declare it frankly, and without
disguise.—With regard to the material fact of the signature to the
letter, I reply that I have neither signed nor published it. If you
demand whether I have authorised its publication, I reply in the
words of my friend M. Raspail—,. You make laws for the press,
and you are ignorant of those laws. The Gerat of a journal is the
only individual whom your laws recognise as the publisher."
M. Demay, on being interrogated, replied that he was an officer
cashiered for his opposition to the principle of passive obedience.
He declared that he would never consent to become gaolor, the exe-
cutioner. or the assassin of his fellow-citizens.—( Whilst pronoun-
cing the latter phrase, M. Demay looked stedfastly and pointedly
towards the gallery reserved for the accommodation of the military
officers now on duty.)
The President—Your language is an incitement to mutiny and
insubordination.
M. Demay denied the intention imputed to him by the Presi-
dent, and terminated by saying that he had neither signed nor pub-
lished the inculpated letter.
The name of the Abbe de la Mennais.having been called, strong
marks of curiosity and interest were exhibited amongst the audi-
tory. The Abbe, on being questioned as to his imputed signature,
replied, that were he before a tribunal whose members were not
invested with the twofold character of accusers and judges, he
might judge it expedient to address that tribunal at some length.
As it was, he would only observe, that the events now passing
should be lost neither upon France nor upon Europe. He solemnly
pledged himself to that effect.—(Great agitation.) It now only
remained for him to declare, that he had neither signed nor pub-
lished the letter to which his name had been affixed.

jects.

If it be borne in mind that the above is the language
of men who have been guilty of no criminal act what-
ever,--who were not consenting parties to the publi-
cation of the letter—there can be no mistake as to
the state of public feeling in France. After re-
peated secret consultations, their Lordships pro-
nounced that all those who had declared themselves
innocent of signing or publishing the letter should be
excused from further attendance ; the Chamber, in the
plentitude of its mercy, assuming them guiltless.
With respect to those who had either refused to answer
the questions put to them by the President, or had in
their answers contemned the inviolability of their Lord-
ships' tribunal, the Court declared that it would sit in
judgment upon them the next day (Sunday 1) when its
decision would be made known. At twelve o'clock on
Sunday the Court opened, and the accused were intro-
duced, but as the mails leave Paris on Sunday at two
o'clock, we have not yet received the report of the pro-
ceedings. We envy not their Lordships the reflections
underfoot the
g
the MAJESTY
jinEstThyusetfrHamEpAlivEN, in vindicat-
ing highwhie which
th
behestsey of mustth
the honour of the tools of his Majesty of FRANCE.
With all their contempt for law, and justice, and
moral right, under whatever name it may be called,
they cannot but feel, as they enter upon a solemn de-
secration of the Sabbath, how monstrous is their
guilt compared with the silly offence which they
seek to punish. A breach of the law of God
is of no moment when it hastens the gratification
of the vindictive feelings of the French Peerage.
Heaven is solemnly and deliberately insulted—a perni-
cious example is set to thirty millions of people, to ac-
celerate by a few hours a Peer's thirst for vengeance.
A Monarchy so supported cannot be of long duration.
On Saturday Lord GRANVILLE had an audience

of Louis PHILIPPE, when he presented his cre-
dentials as Ambassador from his Britannic MAJESTY
to the French Court. The KING received his Lord-
ship very graciously, and, after the usual compliments
had passed, successively presented him to the QUEEN,
and the Dukes of ORLEANS and NEMOURS. Lord
GRANVILLE was accompanied by his attaches.
The question of foreign intervention in the affairs
of Spain continues to be discussed in the Paris
papers. The following are extracts from the journals
received this morning :

PARIS, MAY 30.—1 t seems that the Report on the American
Treaty will be presented very shortly to the Chamber of Peers.
The Committee in which the Marquis de Jaucourt presided yester-
day heard M. Routhier on all the questions relative to the immense
fortune left by Philip Francois Renaut, formerly Director-General
of the Mines of Louisiana, to which he has a right, together with
other co-heirs.

PARIS, MAY 31.—The Impartial says—" If we are well in-
formed, this great political measure is definitively resolved upon,
and has obtained the assent of the whole Cabinet .

" It is announced that two couriers had been despatched yester-
day and to-day, one to find out Sebastiani at London, the other to
the Cabinet of Madrid.

" The courier to Spain is also the bearer of despatches to
General Harispe, commanding the Army of Observation of the
Pyrenees."
On the 21st of this month, General Valdez occupied Scensol and
Torres, with a column of 10,000 men and 600 horses. These two
places are six leagues from Estella, on the road to Logrono.
The army of Valdez has lately been augmented by 10,000 men,
and 600 horses for the army of reserve of Castile and Vittoria. Es-.
partero's column of 4,000 men and 200 horses is ordered to join the
main body of the army. General Valdez has now on the line of
the Ebro to Navarre, that is to say, from Lerin to Logrono, a dis-
tance of about ten leagues, 32,000 men, 2,400 horses, and 12 pieces
of artillery.—Election.
A letter from Bayonne of the 26th of May, has the following
passage :—" No doubt is entertained here of the intervention of
the French in Spain, and it cannot fail to take place soon. General
Harispe has just ordered all the officers to purchase immediately
wish the horses which they require to take the field.—Messager,
May 31.

German papers of the latest dates have been re-
ceived. Accounts from Naples to the. 12th of May
state, that Mount Etna begins to be the subject of
much speculation, and that an eruption is shortly ex-
pected. M. VAN DUSCH, Minister of the Grand
Duke of BADEN, has published a long note addressed
to one of the Swiss Cantons, dated the 18th ult.,
complaining of the recent conduct of the Helvetian
Government, in affording protection to the enemies
of other States. The chief complaint of the
Government of Baden is directed against the licen-
tiousness of the Swiss Press, which, it appears, is
capable of creating considerable uneasiness in the
centre of the neighbouring States. For this evil we
confess we know no remedy, unless the Grand Duke
of BADEN choose to harmonize the institutions of
he country in accordance with the wishes of his sub-
The Press is only dangerous where the people
are in a state of slavery, with just feeling enough left
:o be sensible of their moral and political degradation.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
NOTICES OF MOTIONS FOR THIS DAY.

1. Mr. Grote,—That the Votes at Elections for Members of
Parliament. be taken by way of Ballot.
2. Mr. Buckin,,ham,—Bill for authorizing the constitution of
Courts of Honour, as tribunals for the adjudication o those
dispuies now commonly decided by an appeal to arms; with a
view to provide a competent substitute for the absurd, mur-
derous, and unchristian practice of duelling.
3. Mr. Pease,—Select Committee to inquire into the nature of ac-

cidents in mines.
4. Mr. Divett,—Resolutions for the complete Extinction 01
Church Rates throughout England and Wales.
5, Mr. Cutlar Fergusson,—Petition from the East India Company,
praying for a reduction of Duties
,on East India Sugar mil

Other articles.
6. Lord Viscount Morpeth,—Bill for continuing the Act for the
regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland.
7. Mc. Siniair,—Bill; to enable the Inhabitants of Burghs of Ba-

rony in Scotland, to elect their own Magistrates.
8. Mr. Hume,—Return of Compensations to Attorneys of the
Court of Exchequer.
9. Mr. Browne,—Select Committee, to inquire into the praetica-
6,iity nan:igabl- Ca
Westport, Ballina, and Castlebar.
10. Mr. Fowell Buxton,—Committee to inquire into the conduct,
concliticn, andkreatment of the apprenticed Negroes in the
Cc.lonies.
ORDERS OF THE DAY FOR THIS DAY.

1. 11:onmouth Election Petition—Ballot for Committee at three.
2. Limerick Election Petition—Ditto at a quarter after three.
3. Foreign Enlistment Repeal Bill—Committee.
4. 'Merchant Seamen Bill—Third reading.
5. Animal Indemnity Bill—Report.
O. Consolidated Fund Bill—Committee.
7. Manure Toll Exemption Bill—Committee.
8. Isle of Man Trade in Corn.—Report thereupon.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS GIVEN LAST NIGHT.
FRIDAY, JUNE 5.

Lord John Russell—Bill for the better regulation of llunleiral
Corporations in England and Wales.
TUESDAY, JUNE 16, _ _ _

1. Mr. Hesketh Fleetwood,—Select Committee regarding his Ma-
jesty's Consuls resident in Foreign States.
2. Air. Henry Lytton Bulwer,—Amendment on Mr. Fleetwood's
motion, that the Committee be on the Consular and Diploma-
tic Departments.
