BARNSTAPLE.

This borough is warmly contested, and they who re-
member how splendidly it figured with Grampound in the
House of Commons ten years since, when it narrowly
escaped utter disfranchisement with the Cornish borough,
will not be surprised to !earn that it is yet a stranger to
what is called purity of election. The candidates are Lord
George Hervey, Major Fancourt, Mr. Northmore, and
Mr. Chichester, the late Member. Lord George has only
recently made his appearance, and is squandering loads of
money among the electors. It is suspected he has been
deceived by an interested party, and has no chance. AI 'km
Fancourt for the last four months has been aiming at
popularity by living in the town, and giving dinners to
every one, and sending his numerous guests away happy
every night. Mr. Northmore is a Reformer, residing
near Exeter ; and Mr. Chichester, whose election is sure,
is a resident in the neighbourhood. He is a Whig, but is
not so violent in his politica, and aims at no higher dis•
tinction than that of being a silent Member. Of the others,
it is said that be who has the longest purse will be elected.

WEYMOUTH.
(Abridged from the Sherborne Journal.)

The nomination for this borough took place on Monday
last. The candidates are Messrs. Buxton and Burdon on
the Reform interest, and Sir Frederick Johnstone, and
Mr. G. &likes as Conservatives. From the number of
votes promised to the former, their return is placed be-
yond a doubt. About 11 o'clock, the Mayor, James
Bower, Esq., proceeded to the Guildhall.
R. PENNY, Esq., rose and proposed Mr. Buxton as a
fit and proper person to again represent their interests in
Parliament.

W. DEVENISH, Esq., seconded the nomination.
J. HORSFORD, Esq., proposed, and John Martin, Eeq.,
seconded, the nomination of Sir F. Johnstone.
E. JOHNSTONE, Esq., proposed Mr. Binkes.
Mr. Tiros. Honsrono, jnn , seconded the nomination.
Lieut. T. S. ScaryEfe, R.N., next proposed W. W.
Burden, Esq., as a tit and proper person, from his exten-
sive mercantile pursuits, and liberality of sentiments, to
represent them in Parliament.—( Cheers.)
Captain LOADER. seconded the nomination.
Mr. BUXTON then came forward, and was received with
tremendous acclamations, which lasted for a considerable
time, and spoke as follows:--Gentlemen, the day of
battle is arrived. I do not mean that species of battle
this day displayed ; a riot and a battle, beginning with
those who had been brought in from the surrounding
country for the purpose of drowning my voice, and pre-
vesting my being heard ; the battle is, whether Wey-
mouthshall be a nomination borough—whether you and
your posterity after you, shall exercise that privilege which
is yours by right—yours in law—yours by every principle
of the Constitution—yours by every principle of justice—.
or whether you shall be mere ciphers in the choice of your
yen .
d cheering.) I heard, before I
r e p rtesenett i vfreosm. (pUrp:
etooairi .
(Lou came to this
gspseuackh wahniloeisteh.o_se
lem
representatives.—(Uproar.)
umanankoitn
as-
sembly, that it was the decided intention of my op-
ponents to prevent my being heard, and I now believe it.
Gentlemen, I wish to ask who has the right in returning
Members to Parliament—is it the people or the patron ?
(" The people." Cheers.) I speak in the presence of a
learned lawyer, and I wish be could prevail on his party
to listen ; I mean the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer.—
(The uproar here was so tremendous, from the Preston
men, that Mr. Buxton was unable to proceed fur some
minutes.) I meant to have enlarged on this subject, but I
Velratittgeftrk.";;‘,. `,.',`-arri:lriAtost .
am made to have entered into a compact with the friends
of Sir F. Johnstone, that, at his coming of age, I would
resign the representation. I say I defy him to produce
such a letter; and, moreover, I say, that such never ex-
isted. Another charge by Mr. Horsford, jun., is, that
I am an enemy to the people of England, not voting
for Mr. Sadler's Factory Bill. I answer this by saying
I did vote for it.—(Cheers.) I spoke for it ; and, at Mr.
Sadler's request, was placed on the Committee, and I
have the gratification of possessing a vote of thanks from
the gentlemen who acted with Mr. Sadler, for my exer-
tions on that occasion.—(Cheers.) Mr. Horsford then
asserts that I voted against the Agricultural Relief Bill :
that Bill was abandoned, but I was favourable to the in-
vestigation. Mr. Horsford's last charge is, that I am a
friend to the negro ; I plead guilty. I have laboured
long, I have laboured hard to rescue the slaves from their
bondage, to deliver Britain from the shame, from the
merciless system of slavery.—(Cheers.) I am told that
there are so many West Indians amongst us, that this is a
subject I had better drop; but neither here nor elsewhere
will I ever abstain from declaring my abhorrence of col.-
nial slavery ; and if you return me to Parliament, I go
there with a determination to labour hard, to labour long,
for its utter and immediate extinction.—(Cheers.) The
people of England are awaking to a sense of its enormity,
and, when once its horrors are known, they will cease
tinder the powerful and irrisistible will of the country.—
(Uproar. ) [Mr. Buxton then addressed the Preston
men, who were creating a riot, stating that they had
fought hard enough for 55., to which he could bear wit-
ness: that sum he understood each was to have for his day's
work.] I conclude all Mr. Horsford's three charges, by
denying and confuting every one of them.—(Cheers.)
I am a member of the Church of England ; I love the
Church of England with sincere affection; I hold that
Church to have been a mighty bulwark to the Christian
religion ; I deplore its defects ; I would remedy its
abuses; and, by doing so, I would assist in its preserva-
tion, but not its destruction; and though I am not con•
! nested with the Society of Friends, in many respects I am
a Quaker in principle—a Quaker in my detestation of all
oppression—a Quaker in my hatred of war—a Quaker
in my abhorence of the slave trade—a Quaker in toy
resolution to abolish colonial slavery; they led the way
in these two last causes of true humanity; and I glory in
being their disciple.—(Cheers.) My friends, this is not
a struggle between Sir F. Johnstone and me; it is a
struggle to determine whether this shall be a nomination
borough ; whether it shall have its petrel), and that
patron influence the return of the Members.—(Cheers.)
The question is yours more than mine. I tell you fairly,
if you fail to.day, you fail fur ever.—[Mr. Buxton retired
amidst the most deafening applause.]
Sir F. JOHNSTONE came forward—(Considerable up-
roar)—a patient hearing was entreated of the a'sembly,
but of no avail. He spoke nearly as follows :—Gentle-
! men, my only ambition in aspiring to the honour, is solely
from public interest.—(Uproar.) Gentlemen, you have
heard of the rights of man, one of which is a fair hearincs —(Uproar—Hear him.) You are told that I have served
.
notices to quit on my tenants, in not acting according to
my wishes.—(Here a great uproar took place, several
notices being held up, signed by the Baronet's steward,
Mr. Bower.) Now, as I am in the habit of believing
what is told me, I do not think those notices were served
for election purposes.—(Great uproar.) Had I signet those notices, or known of it, I should stand here ashamed.
I say it was not by my sanction or knowledge. I can know
nothing of what is done in my absence—(Uproar)—when
I came down, I heard of this, and made inquiries.—(Here
the uproar was tremendous.) As you seem determined
not to give me a patient bearing, I must try to adopt those
means which will substantiate my character,—(Uproar.)
Mr. BuanoN came forward amidst the acclamations
of the multitude, and spoke as follows :—I deeply lament
that ill-guided discretion which has introduced a band
of hired bullies, to interim with the freedom of elec-
tion 'for the borough ; however, 1 are sure that you
will not tamely submit to the control of any 8! t
of desperadoes, by whomsoever introduced, the worthy
remarks of a worthy master.—(Cheers.) Mr. Bux-
tort'e opinions and my own agree nearly on all the
great questions of politics at present before the coun-
try, and let them who support me support him also._
(Chews.) This is not the time for Reformers to be quar-
relling amongst themselves—to be exercising jealousies of
each other, like the Jews in Jerusalem, whilst the city
was tumbling about their ears. We should unite heart
and hand in the one good cause—the removal of corruption
and abuses of whatever kind, in the renovation of the
State, and arrive at the very critical moerent to save our
almost devoured country from utter ruin and destruction.
--(Hear.) We are, indeed, in s critical situation—a

I

1

HALIFAX.—NOMINATION DAY'' al
The candidates for this newly enfranchised borough, d,,"
on the Liberal side, Charles Wood, Esq., Rawdon Brt
Esq., and Michael Stocks, Esq. ; and on the Toll 1 ,
J. S. Wortley, Esq., son of Lord Wharncliffe, an of
barrister. Messrs. Briggs and Stocks are inhabitsntog
Halifax, and the latter is the gentleman about the tits'ij
away of whose commission of the peace so much '61°_.„130.
a year ago. Mr. Briggs and Mr. Wood are the rePt7ip.
tatives of what has long been known as the Whig P:rf los
Halifax. The first candidate who offered himsevtrios
Mr. Socks, who is somewhat of a Radical. Dlr. 'e
and the other gentleman, of similar sentiments, theit3tos
sented a requisition to Charles Wood, Esq, gin"' 'hot
of Earl Grey, which he accepted. The Tories, 7 to,
though few in number, determined to make a eftuggeif
obtain one Member of their way of thinking, fixed thed
attention on Mr. Wortley, one of the younger sans of t,
Wharncliffe, and who they thought would suit the elect;
better than a real red-hot Tory, from his mingling marlli n,
ral with his conservative opinions. The friends of 7tl
Wood, of course, not satisfied with Mr.Wortley, 00r 1
Mr. Stocks, owing to local circumstances, some time sin
presented a requisition to the Hon. Mr. Wentwortlb..l,
of Lord Milton. That gentleman, however, decline,l
t.
owing to his not being of age, and the requisitionists ttltei
entreated Mr. Briggs to come forward. To this nil ifj
he assented, with the proviso, that as he bad infra's
e:v.,
ir:'
with that ,
Himselfin 11
gentleman'slr . Wood
success. 's election,su e ss.
he
The should
committee
t u
of te
the t
two candidates gave Mr. Briggs so favourable an se„e°o:4
of the public feeling as regarded himself and Mr. " 1
that he no longer hesitated to declare his intention tostaawa
a poll. This day (Tuesday) being the day appointed to
the Returning-officer for the nomination of the candidate'
at about ten o'clock, the spacious area of that bandrAt
building, the Piece-hall, began to be occupied by the fr ew
of the different parties.
ir
Mr. TWEEDY, the Returning-officer, opened the b
siness.
er
Mr. COPPERTHWAITE proposed Mr. Stocks as a fit P j
son to represent the town in Parliament.
Mr. GEORGE HAIGH seconded the proposition.
G. B. BROWNE, Esq., proposed Mr. Wood.
Mr. S. HODGSON seconded the motion. Pt
Mr. CHRISTOPHER RAW ON presented himself
,a t„ the
loud hisses, to advocate the cause of Mr. Wortley, ve 0
hisses and groans were so perversingly kept up, th I
were not able to distinguish what he said.
Mr. WATERHOITRF Seconded this nomination. ~,,
Mr. ACICROYD, amidst loud cheers, proposed Mr. Bugg''
Mr. GEORGE Buists seconded the nomination. rl
Mr. STOCKS then came forward amidst loud cheerissj
and clapping of hands. He would state to them 11;‘
opinions as briefly as possible. He would pledge hiloseo
to obtain triennial Parliaments, and vote by ballot, and it
abolish sinecures, unmerited pensions, and the des
weight, which he would take leave to cad the living
weight, for it had doubled itself within twenty years
(Laughter.) He would reduce the salary of officers to 11,1
standard of 1790, the golden days of old ; he weak
pledge himself to advocate the extinction of slavery. whi.;.e
would never be obtained but through the people's sO,
thundering in the ears of their representatives, and "fie
mending freedom for the oppressed.—(Cheers.) I
should vote for the abolition of the East India 'monoP°2;
and the Bank charter. He thought the Directors of the
Bank had been proved, by the evidence before the flow,
of Commons, to be the most unfit men to regulate the
credit of the country. He should support national educe'
tion, for which abundant funds would be prostuly
from existing charities. The funds were now griasbe
t
misapplied, as in the case of Lord Lansdale and ",,,1
charity of Sr. Bede's. As Lord Brougham was rho
paring a Bill for the reformation of the Church, i
should merely say be was opposed to the abuses of
the establishment. Though one of the largest Ist_
owners in that parish, he was favourable to the 51u:it
lition of the corn laws, which did good to sOne,;:u
the aristocracy.—(Cheers.) As to the Ten Hours Pt ;
he wished that children not under twelve years of it,
should not work in factories, but in everything Oleo ~ !
was totally opposed to that Bill.—(Cries of " It's a
'elusion.")
ll '
Mr. Woon had formerly made a full declaration of oh
principles and opinions, and they remained unalter4d
There was indeed a change in his situation, for be
,'".„a
lately become a Member of that Government which ,
stood forward to defend all their rights and liberttel
This, he was told, was a disqualifi.:ation to him ; 14$ Ilse
could not understand how, unless be had betrayed his Pr;
ciples.—(Cheers.) He was a friend to the Church, 511
therefore desired to see Church reform. He looked le„
--
i
free trade as the best means of increasing our uatiosilal
prosperity, of averting war, and preserving peace. Pe
was therefore, of course, an enemy to the East India al:
nopoly.—(Cheers. ) No Government, when the peon/11 t
were fully impressed with the advantages of peace, w9a 0
dare to go to war.—(Applause.) He would give 9
pledges ; if he were honest, they would be unnecessalli
if dishonest, did they think a pledge would bind hint ? j
Mr. WORTLEY was received with tremendous hisses sn,
groans, which continued for a lung time. He was fasonlof
able to all necessary improvements, and to the abolitione
pluralities, tithes, non-residents, &c. He was favourable
to the diffusion of education and to free trade, which I%fr. h
Canning, a man of his politics, had first adopted, °d
it was violoarly opposed by Lord Grey. He was oppo
to the monopoly of the East India ComPanY' the j
thought immense advantages would result from , ir
opening of the China trade. Ministers had shown we, 1
wouldevtti
la: hoifinuetvnheets
ttpio:fstreeeieti
..tht
esr
system
ds.yteebzbtneynoita king oil the duties On e
;seen:.
wines, and laying one on raw cotton.—(iiisseo a:i..
d
W:
able
rirboaeeiAsisuneitrfrito:covturßooagiir
yrgetiai
ranlte,:etiaehdst
byetrwem,,
e, andadstpseul
rIl
reduction
it
themselves.—(Cheers.)
t,e.enr_iitextendvceoedt(fdeeswetwifiti
who
ieheeoftleehvrt°ti
oasyr:ly.xnoxr)obeouarset
ndtlktiaipoyteairdalft,nie
ss:desisal
nri
i4tnneeo:gftsh,as vleocioro4;:ent:ogui tril li
The
e.f_•p.
pc: ",
i_r g .1
li
,ja
erie., I:,.
ma
jaasaineron?anditaort
psrhe:oesoiltls,yo.iun:cbrpisaatt:iivyt.usetiwaiion,ieredli ofevirt
hl
ai aei:lcoipeopleievipropertyoneesrtfa::
de.
examinedbca e(diC, 1 imi en eiolurst:::::itot;
iiPI
giti 1::::
i !Igo. t 11
ae
niir
di
ocwfuf3antysdioioie4tpir;
eeit:ht:etyhctatwrht
hoeu 1:
isbteinbdeit4t/fr:eltizcids;_broiges:
tion of the corn laws.—
tern,
been an enemy to the abuses of the Church, and had bra ''
the first in that part of the country publicly to 01)&1:
against the payment of church rates. Be was layout-o'k, I
to a commutation of tithes, the evil effects a which t",- I
illustrated in a very forcible. manner. Like his friend 1".
Wood, he would give no pledges.
( charter
or,u revision
cheers.)
i et oeorfs the.) our
ultimate Lt iem colonialbaatetl a
it:
O°Yl i;
~.,,or
Mr. TWEEDY declared the show of hands to be in re-°,
of Mr. Stocks and Mr. Briggs, and the decision was -
ceived with immense cheering, clapping of hands, Ste• 0,
Mr. Wood and Mr. Wortley each demanded a itc:9
and the Returning-officer appointed it to comnienee,a,eo
o'clock the next morning, in the places which bad "''
fixed upon. i
The meeting, which corisisted of mane thousand' of
people, theta broke up.
