SUMMONS.

" JULY 24.—Seignior Governor—l am ordered
Y Marshal the Doke of Elchingen to sutnmon you
t surrender the (unless of Almeida into my Hand's.
't not a vain point of honour,. Seignior General,
duce you to poi to hazard the interests of your
'azien: None-knows better than you do, that the
l
I,*''llett come to deliver' you from the yoke -of the
't 0).
v There is not a Portuguese, who is ignorant of
"e Lute consideration which' Ins country enjoys
among the (Q)
1` Have they not given abundant proofs of the
little attention which they pay to a nation worthy
‘ll esteem, and fora long time the ally of France (3)?
s: Their occupation of all the civil and military_
Ms (4) prove to demonstration that the intention
°1 the English Government. was to con,,ider Porto-
g4l as one of her colonies (5).

xt I)'Snsaid funot in his Proclamation on entering Portuol.
t),lscti has probably preserved a copy of it.
11 ‘'elteral Loison hap been tor severao mo w a short •
141atice of Almeida, and is to.ill ignranit et hatnths an 1. ngithinlishinati
3.,Uovernor of that tihtress, and lI4S g4;ell so lona Year past.
.102) Since the French were in Portugal, aid we had an up.
-th'ituity of witnessing their ir.solente, avarice, and in
4,--°ll, the whole of their vices, •notiting has bean NO odious to
4,3, 45 the French name. The English have trit passed through
atrocious revolutiothand they arc as politer as they were be-
er; living with us in the sarrit-re.ations of alliance and
le"dship as at all preceding times.
is
(3) Can Loison be in perket iinrance.of our history ? Or
It that he thanks he can clecOi%e the supposed Pottuguese
oveiner of the fortress of Almeida ? lris probable that he
knows nothing of the history of Portugal. he fact is, that
Shortly after the HOuse of Austria came to the Throne of
Pain, in the time of the Philips, wo.were united with Spain,
-,11(1 at war with France ; that at the time of the-restoration
s ruade an alliance -with Engla anti France to cesist
; that England remained faithful to her alliance,,
'lst France basely sacrificed' us in the treaty of the Py ran-
`Ar e nevertheless continued the war until the rec.ogiii-
by Spain of the lthuse of Braganza as outi.Sovereigiis.-- •
,I!ice that epoch, the French family of the 13Ourbons came
~t) reign in Spain, in the rerson of Philip- V. from_ which'
ler'iott we have been uniformly been the alliesof England,
have four times been at war with. France.
(4) This is false. . . .
.trls) This not the place to thew that our most beneficial
~lue. must be with England, and not with France, which
tLi'ounds; as.well as Portugal, irl wines, &a. but all our mer-
-41114 know th;it the faetis so: As to,Eni,lish officers-being

" The.condtla the Eoglish hive held with reg:mi
to the Spaniards, whom they promised to defend.
but abandoned, *should open your' eyes, and coo-
Vince you that they will do the same with regard to
Portugai (6).
" Seignior Governor, his Excellenry has charged
me to offer you the most honourable capitulation,
'by which you may retain the government of. your
tettress; and )our-' garrison be admitted into the
number of those Portuguese troops that have re-
mained fAithlui to the true interesrs of. -their
country- (7).
. _

, .
" Yoturrattsl-be',3ware,. Seignior Governor, that
your refus.at of a proposition so, honourable, with re--
gard to you, and the Portuguese troops, will expose
both youiselves'and the inhanitants to the hotrors-a
siege, and the fate which awaits a garrison carried
by assault.

Iniyour hands, therefore, is placed the fate of
Almeida, and that Of your companions in arms. If
Von refuse to. accede to the proposals which I have
the honour to transmit to you, you will become re-
sponsible for alt the human blood shed
and_ in a cause which is foreign to the Portuguese
nation (8). .
Receive, Seignior Governor, the assurances of
my most distingwished consideratiod.
/ (Signed) LOISON,
Count of the Empire and General of Division."

P. S. The Marquis of Alorna, and several
Portuguese Colonels; who are amongst US, can •
sure.you, viva voce, of the honourable manner in
which they have been treated, ai alsuthe Portuguese
troops.

employed withour troops, it was done for the purpose of
givii:g them that knowledge of diseipl or,which a long peace
depriv..d them Off the z4th, the very day on which this
summons is dated, did not the Portuguese Rangers give-a proof.
of what theEnglisn Officers have been able tdellett among ourtroops And did .110 t the Lusitanian Legibit, and various other
corps; last year, allbrd simile specimens? This is precisely
the same sort of. language which the French partisans among
us have held.

(5) Every body knows that the attacks upon Astorga and
Ciudad Rodrigo were made with the view of:inducing the
English and Portuguese army to engage upon disadvant;igeous
toms ; for the war in Spain .vv:ars out and consumes
.them,
and they want to decide the contest in one dly.• Ilave.'a little
patience, Seignnr Loison ;' it .4 otir business,to wage such a
war as shall prove most destructive to you, and must advan.
tagegus to curselvet.
(71 Al! that LoiSon 'Wants is to become Master of Altheid4
without losing a man or ex pending a shot, and to augn)ent his
army With a numerous garrison -a mere bagatelle! tie de-
nominates faithful to their country those soldiers w!to were
duped and lured away 'to I rince in 180 E, and bestows the
same epithet urn „those who knowing,y turn weir arms
ag.iinst their brothers, their families, and their country I

•(°) To taik in this Sti:e is the height of insolence. Ever
since the Revolution, the f re,cch have been engaged in a ge-
neral conspiracy against all nations - friends, enemies, allies,
are ;:like-indilierent ; • for all are destined to destrudion, to
grittily their caprice br their pride. To every country they
bring with them only the chains of slavery, for so have they
sworn in the delirium of their vanity. Yet, after the lapse
of so ma,•y years, they have-the audacity to tell us that tine
war is foreign to this or that nation, Whilst it is equally waged
agains, all ! Portuguese, the war in which the French are
engagel is against •our independence, our honour, our pro-.
perry, and all those rights which are held most sacral among
Men. It they succeed, non-resistance will be as unavailing
as resistan. e, to pruted you. Trout
,robbery and oppression.
Nothing but Alain force can save us, and , assuredly that
will ; for theSe Vandals, like the Moors, must be driven out
of the peninsula,. .
