SOIIIIWARK-mR. BROUGHAM.
. •

Last evening, pursuant to notice, a meeting of the electors
, of St. John's, Horselydown, was convened at the Red Rose
Tavern, the large room of which was completely filled.
, Shortly after seven o'clock the chair was taken by Mr.
FLOWER.
Mr. I'EAKE proposed the first resolution, to do which he
could not for an instant refuse, as the past conduct of the gentle-
man afforded an earnest for his future proceedings.—(Cheers.)
Mr. BROUHAM said the relation which subsists between
the representative and his constituents he took to be this : he
is intrusted by them with the care and protection of their in-
terests; he is accountable to them for the manner in which he
has performed his trust; and if circumstances should occur to
produce a change in his political sentiments, he is bound to
explain such change to the satisfaction of Isis electors, or to
resign his seat into their hands.—(Vehement cheering.) Such
appeared to him to be the plain and intelligible position in
which the representative stands with respect to his constituents;
it was bottomed upon that mutual confidence which arises out
of a coincidence of political opinions, and it was maintained
by that zealous execution of the duty which goes hand in
hand with inclination.—(Loud cheers.) But it seems a new light
has broken out upon this subject; it seems that this fit and
constitutional alliance between the representative and elector
is no longer to be left to the care of those who alone are
the parties interested ; it seems that it is now to be inter-
fered with, watched, and superintended by self-constituted
authorities ; who, forming themselves into boards of inquiry,
or
ea
t rather f
Parliament,inquisition,
there summonto
obe
catechized, efore t
andhe m candidateswho, according
as they shall demean themselves before the high tribunal, are
to be approved of or rejected ! Never ! He denounced all such
inquisitions ; he objected to all such authorities, and utterly
denied all right in them to call upon him who does not
seek to represent them in Parliament, to render any account
of his political opinions. Were he to obey such calls, he
should be wanting in his duty to himself, no less than to
them, his electors. Were they his constituents ? If so,
he should cheerfully obey the summons. Were they his
fellow-parishioners ? If so, he should feel bound to attend
and assist in the redress of any local grievance or public
wrong; but the commands of any body of men, however
respectable, to whom he owed neither private duty nor
public allegiance, he, for one, would never consent to obey.
He had consistency of character to support, and hating, as he
did, tyranny in every shape, whether it came in the form of a
landlord improperly influencing the tenant,—of a political
union dictating to the poor shopkeeper,—or ofa self.constituted
tribunal entrapping or bullying the candidate who was not to be
their representative, against all such oppression and dictation
he, even if he should be made the victim, would at all times
boldly and fearlessly raise his voice and hand. (The Hon.
Gentleman sat down with an expression of feeling which is
impossible to be described.)

The resolution was carried enthusiastically.
Another proposition was made, that a co-operation was ne-
ceFsary of the inhabitants to secure the return of a gentleman
of such tried integrity ; which, being seconded, was carried
unanimously.

The meeting, after giving thanks to the Chairman, departed
with three hearty cheers for the welfare of the cause.

MR. URRA.
Yesterday a meeting ofM
the electors and friends of Mr.
Thomas L. Murray took place at the Surrey Riding-school,
Blackfriars-road, at which that gentlemon attended to state his
political sentiments. Mr. Redford took the chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated that Mr. Murray came forward on
theprinciples of Major Revell, who had declined on account of
ill health. Mr. Murray, he said, was known as a thorough
Reformer.
Mr. MURRAY then stood forward. He was a sincere and
thorough Radical Reformer, and should continue so until the
people of England obtained their rights. He pledged himself
in the most strict and solemn manner to advocate those rights.
He loved the people more than the Ministers ; the people alone
he considered the sovereign power—(Huzzas)—and in them all
legitimate authority was and ought to be placed.—(Huzzas.)
llis first pledge was, that he would vote for the correction of
all abuses in Church and State. He had no relative benefited
by the public money; if he had, he would judge him like
Brutus, and cut him off for the crimes he had committed.—
Applause.) He would vote for the extension of the suffrage
to scot and lot voters. He recognised the principle of univer-
sal suffrage, and he pledged himself to originate a motion for
the admission of scot and lot voters. He would vote for
shortening the duration of Parliaments; he should not object

Dr. WADE (the subject of the parallel just referred to)
moved a resolution laudatory of Mr. Murray, in the course of
which the Reverend Speaker took occasion to rail in no very
Christian terms against the Times.

A simpleton, standing near the Chair, was, upon this,
cocked up to propose " three groans for the Times;" the de-
cided and unanimous manner i❑ which this proposition was
seouted totally disconcerted him.

A resolution was then proposed for returning Mr. Murray
free of expense. Before the question was put to the meeting,
a gentleman ventured to offer a word on behalf of Mr. W.
Brougham, who had been severely attacked, when a scene of
the utmost disorder took place The " lie" was repeatedly given
and retorted between the hustings and the area ; the Chair-
man's authority seemed wholly overpowered, and strong symp.
toms appearing of a war more energetic than that of words, we
took our leave.

FINSBURY-MR. TEMPLE.
Last night a numerous meeting of the electors (upwards of
2,000) of Finsbury was held in lons's Riding-school, to hear
Christopher Temple, Esq., deliver an exposition of his political
principles.
_THOMAS WILSON, Esq., of Highbury, was called to the
chair.

Mr. TEMPLE then proceeded to address the meeting.
Having no previous public duty to point to, he felt that it was
necessary he should give decisive opinions on particular ques-
tions, but he thought that he must be a bold man who would say
he had made up his mind on complicated questions; but upon
the application of general principles to facts, he was ready to
give his as <urance as to what would be his precise conduct.—
(Hear.) For instance, the Bank and the East India monopol
polies were complicated questions, and he could not say what
measures should be taken in respect to them—but as mono-
polies lie would say the public had a right to deal with them, and
they ought to be disposed of in a manner that would,sccure
the interests of the people at large.— (Cheers.) The reforma-
tion of the Church he was prepared to support, and was for a
suppression of pluralities, the abolition or commutation of tithes,
and a more equal distribution of Church revenues among minis-
ters (Cheers.) With regard to retrenchment in the public
expenditure he was compelled by reason of the extent of the
question to speak generally, but he was for the cheapest go-
vernment that could be secured.—(Hear.) The sinecures and
the standing army should be cut down as low as possible; in.
deed, if possible, lie should like to see both abolished, and he
was sure a wise Legislature could accomplish that desirable
object.—(Cheers.) He was of opinion that taxes upon food,
industry, and instruction, were founded upon mistaken princi.
pies, and he should therefore advocate their removal, particu-
larly the house and assessed taxes.—(Cheers.) The removal
of those taxes would certainly produce a deficiency in the re-
venue, but instead of making up that deficiency by:a new tax
the Government ought to curtail its expenses in proportion.—
(Cheers.) As to taxes on knowledge, he did not quarrel with
the amount so much as with the principle; and he certainly
could wish that knowledge was more freely circulated among
the people.--(Hear.) He had become a reluctant convert to
the vote by ballot.—(Cheers.) He considered triennial Parlia_
ments a part of the Constitution established in 1688, and that
long Parliaments were invented by corrupt Ministers for evil
purposes, and they had been found a deadly engine in such
hands, therefore they ought to be abolished, and triennial
Parliaments restored.—(Cheers.) He was in favour of negro
emancipation. With regard to compensation, that might or
might not be given—indeed, he would give it, but not as a
condition for the emancipation of the slaves. He was averse
to slavery under any form, and therefore he felt that the im-
pressment of our seamen and the discipline of our soldiers were
inconsistent with the principles of humanity, freedom, and
the British Constitution, and ought to be abolished; and
there was no reason why they should not be instantly
abolished.—(Cheers.) He was a firm friend to religious
liberty ; he was for the exercise of toleration towards all
sects, and would have them relieved from every civil imposi-
tion which they could not conscientiously submit to.—(Cheers.)
He pledged himself to principles, and he would conscientiously
apply his principles to every public question —(Applause.)
Mr. GREEN had written to Mr. Grant, another of the can-
didates, to know whether he would support a Bill to amend
Sturges Bourne's Act, and he replied that it was the first time
he had heard of the Act or its subject—(Laughter)—and that,
if returned, he would consider it gravely, form an opinion deli-
berately, and act upon it honestly.--(Loud laughter.) Now he
( Mr. Green) wished to know if Mr. Temple would support such
a Bill, and the extension of the franchise in parochial vestries
to every 101. rate-payer ?—(Hear.) He hoped Mr. Temple
would give an honest answer, since he had understood that

•••••
that gentleman had sacrificed 1,0001. to principle in one in•
stance.—(Cheers.)

Mr. TEMPLE had been in his own parish long struggling
for popular rights and the extinction of exclusive privileges.—
(Bravo.)—He was for putting the management of the parochial
funds into the hands of the parishioners at large, and would
assist to find a remedy for the evil alluded to.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. LANGLEY asked whether Mr. Temple would sup-
port an equalization of the land-tax, which at present was
exorbitantly high in some districts, while in others it was
not more than a penny in the pound ?
Mr. TEMPLE replied in the affirmative.
A resolution, declaring Mr. Temple a fit and proper person
to become a representative for this borough--moved by Mr.
Cole, seconded by Mr. Green—was then adopted, with about
half-a-dozen hands held up against it.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, and the meeting
dispersed.

ASHTON-UNDER.LYNE.—A Conservative candidate for
this borough has made his appearance, in the person of
Thomas W. Helps, Esq., barrister-at-law, son of Thomas
Helps, Esq., of London, who carried on business at Ashton
for the space of forty years. It is thonght that he has little
chance of success; but the contest between Colonel Williams
and Mr. Hindley is expected to be a neck-and-neck-one.

BRIGHTON.—Sir A. J. Dalrymple has again come for.
word as a candidate for Brighton.

BRISTOL—Sir R. R. Vyvyan's hopes of success are greatly
increased by the feuds among the Whig Reformers and the
Radical Reformers, who have three candidates in the field, viz.,
Messrs. Baillie and Protheroe, the late Members, and Mr.
John Williams, the barrister. The Whig Reformers will sup-
port Mr. Baillie, whilst the Radical Reformers are unanimously
in favour of Protheroe and Mr. Williams. The Mayor and
Magistrates leave announced their intention of receiving the
names of one thousand of their fellow-citizens who will volun-
teer to serve as special constables, and assist in preserving the
peace during the elections. Hot work is expected.
BURY, LANCASHIRE.—At a nocturnal meeting held at
Bury on Saturday se'nnight, and attended by nearly 12,000
friends of Mr. Grundy, the Ultra-Radical candidate, it was una-
nimously resolved,—" That we do solemnly pledge ourselves
that we will not henceforward spend a single penny with any
elector who shall give his vote to the enemy of the people; and
that lists of the voters for each candidate shall be published im-
mediately after the election, specifying their respective occupa-
tions and residences." This resolution has been published in a
placard, bearing the names of several individuals who have thus
rendered themselves liable to a prosecution for a conspiracy.
CARLISLE.—Mr. Atherley declines standing, finding, lie
says, " that it would be attended with no other result than a
contest, in which I should have the worst of it."

CAMBRIDGE.—We understand that the Speaker has an-
nounced his intention of becoming a candidate for the repre-
sentation of Cambridge.

CHESTER.—We are very busy electioneering here. There
are three candidates for the city—Lord Robt. Grosvenor and
Mr. Finchett Maddock, the present Members, and Mr. J.
Jervis, a barrister. The re.election of Lord Robert is looked
upon as certain ; but the contest will be a severe one between
the other two. Mr. Jervis starts upon the ultra-Radical and
anti-Corporation interest; and his strong hold is the local
reforms which he promises to accomplish. Mr. Finchett Mad.
dock, on the other hand, is supported by all the wealth of the
city, and is accompanied in his canvass by some of the first
people in the town. His politics are liberal (he is a Member of
the Whig Club) but he declines to pledge himself to more than
general principles. It is confidently asserted that the Liberal
candidates—Lord Grosvenor and Mr. Wilbraham—or rather
their friends _have agreed to a union of interests, as indis.
pensably necessary to prevent one of them being pushed off his
stool by Sir Philip Egerton, the " Conservative" candidate.
If this be true, the return of both the old Members is certain.
CIRENCESTER.—The Hon. P. P. Bouverie, brother of the
Earl of Radnor, is a candidate for Cirencester.
DERBY.—The list of voters for this borough, as revised by
the barristers, having been published, the sitting Members,
Colonel Cavendish and Edward Strutt, Esq., again commenced
a canvass on Monday last. Sir Charles Henry Colville has
also been actively engaged in paying his respects to the
electors.—Derbyshire Courier.
FINSBURY.—A meeting was held last night at Mr. Col.
tier's, the Golden Anchor Tavern, Great Saffivn.hill, of the
friends of the Right Honourable Robert Grant, who is now a
candidate for the borough of Finsbury. R. Stevens, Esq., was
jog the most determined support of Mr. Grant, were adopted,
,
Comhamir and was ably supported. Resolutions, embody.
ittee appointed, which will, no doubt, sit daily at
taihnnedth ae c
Golden Anchor. The most confident expectations are
entertained of the return of the Right Hon. Gentleman, who

to a new Parliament once a week. He should wish to see
many of the intelligent working classes in Parliament.—(Ap-
plause.) Property qualification was one of the greatest absur-
dities, and one of the grossest acts of tyranny. He would
support the vote by ballot.—(Applause.) He pledged him-
self to vote for the abolition of tithes—(Huzzas)—and for the
separation of the Church and State, which was an adulterous
connexion.—(Huzzas.) [The speaker here proceeded to insti-
tute a parallel between our Saviour and Dr. Wade, into which
we refrain from following him.] He pledged himself to vote for
the abolition of taxes on knowledge, which were enforced in the
most odious form by the Wing Government, and which alone, if
there was nothing else, were sufficient to damn them. He should
vote for the abolition of negro slavery, a crime against the
human species. He would vote for the repeal of the corn laws,
which were the result of the national debt. He pledged him-
self to vote for the abolition of the Bank charter, the East India
monopoly, and of all close Corporations.—(Applause) He
understood all those subjects as well as any man in England ;
he had written on them all. Another pledge he gave was, that
he would vote for disbanding a standing army in time of peace,
which was first introduced by the Whigs; and an excellent con-
trivance it was to keep the people in order. He Would never
vote for a single tax if they sent him to Parliament.—(Bravo.)
He wished to have no taxes at all.—(Bravo.)
After Mr. HUNT and Mr. LAWLESS had addressed the
meeting,
