NEW ARGYLL' 11:06k$.

A fashionable and crowded :acne '.** attendeA 'ttia
Concert of Mr. Nicholson and Miss Cook, last even-
ing, at these Rooms, attracted by a eclectic)* which
promised a' promised a perfect entertainment. Thrl
vocal department was sustained by Madame Caradori
Allen, the Misses Stephens, Paton, Cooke, Taskeri•
Betts, and Roche, Messieurs Begres, T. ,Cooke.
Sapio, Welch, Hawes, and Sapio, jun., ; and the
instrumental was supported by several distinguished:
performers. Sapio executed the grand sena front
Der Freischutz in a style which, could we have for-
gotten l3raham, would have been deemed powerful.
A Miss Binfield performed, on the harp, an intro-
duction, and air (Rule Britannia), with variations,
most delightfully : her command of the instrument
seems complete, and we: doubt if ,Ilochsa himself
could have produced a more brilliant effect. "La
Mia Cara," by Begres, was deservedly applauded.
Caradori was enthusiastically encored' in Una you
poeo fa. Miss Paton's Banks of Alan Water, and
Miss Cooke's When in. disgrace,., were • weedy sung ;
and Miss Stephens, who came in late,. _and evidently
fatigued, warble& like the nightingale, her enchanting
notes At nearly the *Close, 'Mrs. Anderson evinced
great powers in nfantasia on the piano-forte; and Mr.
Belton gave a grand concerto on the violin, replete
with all the difficulties that could be sewed, not des-
titute of taste, but about three-quarters of airhour too
long. The chief novelty of the evening was a new
concerto on the flute, combining all the 'beauties of
melody and composition, which was executed by
Nicholson with an effect that we cannot describe.
The entertainment closed with the overture .Pro-
metheur.

THE. LONDON, JOURNALS.

DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS,
MAY 11, 1826.

[THE TIMES.)
Thegeneral interest on the subject of the Corn
terra does not diminish and it 'is still uncertain.whe-
ther MiniSters, with all their truckling, with all the sub-
sequent modifications of their original motion, for en-.
suring the poor people of this land against Starvation,.
till the new corn of_the next harvest can be brought to
market, will be able to carry that measure, in any shape,
into effect. This does seem hard, both upon the -la-
bouring classes and upon Ministers: we know not
which is most to be pitied, except that the minds, only
of one party are to 'be oppressed ; the bodies also of
the other are to be left exposed to the chance of perish-
ing. It is worth the while, likewise, to observe, how
very far the measure as it now stands, is from securing
lts from starvation. For the Bill in agitation is not
to:admit foreign .grain absolutely, but only to allow
Ministers to admit it in a case of overwhehning neceti-
shy,—an allowance which they would be fearfully.
cautious -of using hastily. - Neither is it to admit
foreign grain without limitation ; but, six hundred
thousand- quarters being the consumption of tine week
in this country, they are in no case to admit more than
five hundred thousand quarters; so that if there should
not' be sufficient' grain in hand by a fortnight's con-
sumption, we should be left without bread—the poor
people, to whom bread is the only support, would be
left without it for above a week ; and that, even sup-
posing the measure for which the struggle is made
were carried. Are not these hard dealings for us ?
it is yet more affecting, when;we know, that whereas
it is not permitted to import corn for our support,
Measures are actually in train for exporting our fellow-
creatures. There is at this time sitting 'a Committee,
called, we believe, the Committee of Emigration, the
object of whose labours is to transport, somewhither
beyond sea,, the youthful progeny of British parents
cenvicted of, no crime. What do the native powers
of Africa Worse than this, by their unhappy subjects ?
In.both cases,.also, Europetin mariners are ',the car-
riers. But our living exports are not, like the negroes,
sent out to slavery. Perhaps not. But whom have
they to thank for this exemption from this last aggra-
vation of human misery, supposing them to enjoy it ?
Not their country, but the benevolent Providence,,that
has' not put the badge of blackness on their skins.—
How different was the lot of the labouring poor of
England in the by-gone time ? One single fact .will
Show us how the, labouring peasant has been robbed,
'and by whom.' By the "31st of _Elizabeth, c. 7, it
,ivas prohibited to. erect cottages, " unless, at 'least,
four acres of land •were laid to the same." It was
the prudence of that great Queen, of immortally-
glorious memory, so as to secure the comforts of the
agricultural poor,• for she knew in what the strength
of her empire ethisisted. And cottages thus endowed
existed, of course, in her reign, and were multiplied
for a long period afterwards. Nor was it till the
reign of the last King, till 15th George 111., c. 32,
that this lair was formally repealed, on the suggestion
4".)l'biie"Gilbert,;,.then a,Member of the lower House.
.Act is so short, that we shall here insert it
verbatim • •

'CAP.: XNI i /: —An Act to.repeal an Act passed in the 31mt yew.
ofthe reign:of,her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, entitled An Act
. against the erecting.and maintaining,of Cottages:'
Whereas au Act was passed in the SI st year of the reign of
her Majesty Queen• Elizabeth, entitled An Act against the
erecting and maintaining of Cottages ;' and whereas the said Act
has laid the industrious poor under great difficulties to procure
habitations, tends very much to lessen population, and in divers
other .respects has been (mind inconvenient to the labouring part
of the nation in general ; may it therefore idolise your Majesty
that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Ex-
cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords
Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said Act
shall be, and the same is hereby repealed." . ,
Oh, yes ; no doubt cottages with four acres of land
each were found inconvenient to the nation : popula-
tion has thriven since, and has also greatly' increased in
wretchedness. But by Whom, we ask, have the cot-
tages, • with their four acres of land each, that did
actually (mist, been destroyed or appropriated ? To
whose :estates have the four item; been Orn.4,ytted
etstate3 of those, we answer, who now send the
labouring poor to beg for half their scanty week's .pit-
lance ,to overseers,. and Vestries, and are :secretly
making preparation to transport them and Their oft-
spring to some unknown region, because their pre-
sence is burdensome in England. . ,

, .
Liwortmm; itiatAion.]
11, i.a comilitiWtanit in Lancashire alone there are
,20,000 powat‘looms. Now • if, in full work, .tlnyT
!Owns, coidd,rproduee only four pieces of cloth each
a-week,' would be a production in Lancashire
poWer-loons, of. 00,000 pieces of
cloth'.a.weet.', Which would be„equal to :411130,000
pieces in the course of a-year. Twenty veers ago
such *,thing '4'l.'3 a power-loom Was not knowi but they
are ncnir"livit- only &Mullen hi this country', hut tre
alsl,ceininon in the:United Statem, and ale al o we
believe, finding; their way upon the, continent. • What
the result may be in point of production, time inil)
will discover. Would that bread and elieese,and pool-
try, and eggs, couldhe produced on. the same prin-
ciple, and'then we should- not Ii iso foWls iu Loudon.
at twelve shilling's a, couple., What are the agrieultu,
rists about that they cannot let US in London have a
decent pair of fowls under twelve shillings'? Cannot
Sir Thomas Lethbridge prevail on the farmers' wives,
&Lighters, sons, men-::el yank
,and maid-servants,
tec.' to leave their piano-fortes and other
'Play, and turn to'breed:and feed fowls, so as to afford
them at a less price ? Brave times for the agricul-
turists rtwelve shilliws a couple for fuss is, while a
.weaver
,earns only six shillings the course of a week.
Tt is some timesinee, Voltaire observed that 44 Eng
liShmen, with all their boasting about freedom, would
swallow any slavery that came in the shape of an Act
of Parliament." We should think, since 'Voltaire's
time, the passion for absurd legislation in this country'
bas'rather increased than diminished. It has, for the
lot-; few years, got to a most extravagant height—
nothing' is too petty dr local. to furnish materials for a
Penal Statute. I.,very little interest in the country
ti:saitaDracon or its Solon, who, with the aid of one
Air ,two busy, pragmatical Solicitors,- puts more strange
notion.; into the shape, of a Bill, than any that Gulli-
ver detected among 44 the noodle philosophers" Of La-
i~uta.The plague of l'oe.usts di‘l not 'afflict Egypt so
grievously .U.S.the. pl;►guc;..of legislation afflicts England. •
is almost impossible for a: plain, straight.forward
Enbiolishman, who puts his main reliance jn good inten_
lions and. common sense, to knots where or how to
walk from one end of the island itO.,the other, without
caught in„wine „of:the, traps or springs of innu-
Merable laws. It was only last Friday that 86 new
Billq received the nor! Assent.; scr.that, at all events,
there need be no apprehension of any dearth of legal

provisioni in this country. Were, indeed, our Parlia-
ment to rest from its labours for the next seven years,
after the multiplied specimens of its ingenuity in law-
making luring the last seven, we could well bear the
legislative famine for that period, and probably find that
'there would be as much honesty and wisdom in the world
at the end of that time, as if every Session had produced
its two or three hundred new enactments. There is one
thing, however, that may attach us to this system of Bill-
mongering—and it is that the Acts, great and small,
are exclusively of our " own manufacture ;" they are
the work of " native artists," who have not, like the
agriculturists, any thing to fear from foreign competi-
tion. It matters not whether our Parliament men are
what are called Ministerialists or Patriots—they are
all equally zealous, to make our Statute-books, if not
the wisest, at least the biggest in the world. They
will in course of time be, in point of magnitude, the
greatest productions of the human mind ! and well
may, our Legislators pride themselves upon that, as our
horticulturists (anciently called gardeners) make it
their study to obtain glory by cultivating the largest
pompions and gooseberries on the face of the,earth.—
We have a Turnpike -Bill that contains 120 pages.
What a triumph of modern invention over ancient sim-
plicity, when we recollect that all the articles of the
treaty of peace between the States of Rome and Car-
thage, after the first Punic War, were contained in six
lines ! Exult, Mr. Ifittleton of Pottery fame, in that
prolific genius for Statute-making, which enabled you
to put so many folios together on the marking of
plates and dishes !--What a pity that " cold water"
should have been thrown on the great design that
might have disciplined the apparatus of the tea-table,
and limited ladies to sip their hohea in cups regulated
by Act of Parliament ! -Disappointed, however, as
this gentleman is, he can' mix his kindred Sorrows
with those of Mr. Martin, whose code has " gone to
the dogs" in a different way from what he intended.
In the mean time, undaunted by the unhappy termi-
nation of the labours of those two great men, we per-
ceive that Alderman Wood is
rendeavouring to " set
the Thames on fire" by theexcitement of a new law
relative to watermen ! The blaze will no doubt re-
flect lustre on his election. This is equally disin-
terested with Mr. IVloore and his riband-legislation,
and other approved methods of showing to," consti-
tuents," how great that zeal must be which risks in
their cause all claims to common-sense.—Bid.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
We anticipated from the first that the. people of
Scotland would deter. Ministers from interfering' with
their system of banking. The Scotch banks are enor-
mously rich, and wealth is always successful in this
country. It has been stated in evidence before a Par-
liamentary Corrimittee, that three of these banks—the
Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and
the British Linen Company—hold twenty mil;
lions of Government Stock. Bodies so rich,
and at the same time so popular throughout
the country in which their operations are car,;,
ried on, are not to be easily beaten.
.But
why, as we have more than once asked, should
the misconduct of the English Bankers form a ground
for interfering with the Banksof a country which have
been guilty of no misconduct, and which carry on
their operations on quite a different principle ? Mini-
sters were called on tointerferdwith.the English Banks
by the loud outcries against them from one end of the
country to the other. They did not tamper with the
currency, as the 'phrase' is,, till the extravagant issues of
Some Country Banks had brought the paper circula-
tion into general discredit, and the demands on the
Bank of England were so heavy that,
,as we learn from
Mr. living's speech the other night, and Mr. Can-
ning's reply to him, Ministers were called on to sanc-
tion the restriction Or. Cash Payments. 'Whether it
was, under all the circumstances, a wise measure to
add to the discredit of the issues of the Country
Banks by the refusal to issue more stamps to them, is
a question which We are not now discussing. It is
clear, however, that they vere called on to interfere
with-the currency, by the most powerful considerations.
But the credit of the Septa' Bankers was- never shaken
forfora moment. The Merchants and manufacturers of
&Oland might bc' suffering, like their English neigh-
bours, from overtrading ;. but the..credit of the Banks
has always remained the same in all vicissitudes. There
was najuSt ground; then, for ineddlingwith them while
the people' were perfect 'satisfied with them. We regard
the announcement of Miniaters, of a determination of
Ministers to put the circulation throughout the island on
the same footing; as extorted: from them bythe English
Bankers. All' such resolutions, however, in a Coun-
try like this, must yield to circumstances. The Scotch
proved, that an interference with their Banks would
he injurious to the, interests of the country. If the
English Bankers could have proved as much, Minis-
ters mould also have been forced to give way with re-
*it to thein. The Scotch have some reason fOr not,
supposing as'similation to England. would always be a
t)enctit. . Since 1790, their foreign trade has
creased in a ratio of between 2 and 3 to I,' corn
pared with. 'that of England ; and their agricul-
ture Iris experienced a still more rapid improve-
inert thin their manufactures. Indeed, their agri-.
coltute is the. most beautiful which has been seen in.
the North of Europe. England has great advantages
otter &otland in situation, in climate, and many other'
respectS. If, therefore, Scotland be advancing more
rapidly in the career of improvement than England,
Ave have in .this circumstance almost a proof that her
institutions are, upon the whole, more favourable to
national' prosperity than those of England. Her laws
with respect to property, and debtor and creditor, are
very 'superior to those of England ; and her local ad-
Ministration of justice secures to the people the benefit
of cheap justice at their door. There is, no doubt,
still.rOam for great improvement in Scotland ; but every
unprejudiced English Man, 'acquainted,. With the two
sections of the island, will own that England might
borrow, at least, as much from. Scotland. as Scotland
need to borrow from 'England.

SECURITY OF STEAM ENGINES,----Tue Royal
Academy of Paris report, as the means of preventing accidents
from the explosion of steam engine boilers, that the boiler should
be proved by the hydraulic press to sustain a pressure five times
greater than the working of the steam engine requires; that
safety valve should be attached to the boiler, and loaded so as to
open at a pressure just above that by which the boilers have been
tried ; that the boiler should be surrounded by a %rid! 89i inches
thick, standing 31,4 inches from the boiler, and that a metallic
plug should be inserted in the upper part of the boiler, formod of
an alloy that will melt at a degree a little.above the temperaturent
which. the engine werke. : . • •
• .gBC,4i-Pg FRQM. Fritg.-7-A cprrespontiont at Pen.
zanee.suggesta the following method :—Take a strong rope which
reaches from the bed-room into the street—well knot it, about
two feet ass Under--fatten one end to the lied-post, and the remain-
der put tinder the bed, so that it may be found in a moment if.
required.. With this simple, though apparently useful apparatus,
a Pell" 'night pane from the. window of his bed-room into the
street with thelr,,tamt
.case, anda:reseJyaccess bee, olitained to
the bighelt.llatt OA...bedding, when the usual cuinieunicatinns
a" '4'4 off by,the ~414n1wh ,and lives:and property save 4 by means
of it, when every- otlicr expedient may prove

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

LORD MAYOR'S COURT, MAT 9.
TliE CITY
.OF LONDON V. BEDSOR.

This was a case of compensation. The defendant sought from
the Corporation of London the sum of 2,5001. as compensation
for the loss of his business, by the removal of his house, in
'Stonecutter-street, Fleet-market, to make way for the new market.
The sum of 3501. had been agreed upon between the parties for
the lease of the premises, but the demand of Mr. Bedsor for the
injury he sustained, by the loss of his trade, was so enormous in
the opinion of those to whom it was submitted, that so offer was
made by the city but that of an appeal to a Jury.
The Common Serjeant opened the case. The defendant be-
gan business as a dealer in sheep's heads, three or four years ago,in
Stonecutter-itreet, where he established a house for the sale of
the article just mentioned. He afterwards took the next house,
and commenced as a sausage and black-pudding manufacturer,
and vender of pork, keeping on his business of sheep's head dresser
and seller at the same time; and he also took in the same street
another house, which he let out at a slight profit in furnished
lodgings. The profits of trade were derived from the lowest of
the community, who inhabited George-yard and the places ad-
jacent. The trade itself was exceedingly humble—nevertheless,
the defendant made a demand at the rate of 9001. a year, which
he set down as the profits he was in the habit of making.
The defendant, who employed three Counsel upon the occasion
(Mr. Reader, Mr. Law, and Mr. Muirhouse), produced witnesses
to prove that hid business was very extensive.
One of the witnesses stated, that the defendant had been in
the habit of purchasing pigs in great " multitudes," and that he
had paid as much as 501. on a Saturday night for " cattle" of
that kind; that he sold a great deal of pork and sausages, and
black-puddings, and that his profits were very considerable.
The sheep's head shopman and shopper was also examined.
He stated that he had been in the defendant's employment ever
since he began in the ,sheep's head line. ,He bad chopped when
first he went to work but few " Jemmies," but he arterwards
chopped ever so many. He sometimes chopped 700 a-week. He
also cut up the plucks—Them was profitable to Master as well as
the sheep's heads.
Mr. lland asked the ivitness how long the pork business
had been eetablished?—Witnesv. I blows nothing at all about
that.

Mr. Holland. Why, it was carried on next door; you must
know Something about it.—Witness, I wa'nt in the sausage line,
I was only amongst the sheep's heath, and I knows nothing about
any thing else—(Leud. laughter.) '•
One of the Jury. There was a 'communication between the
two houses. It is impossible that you could be in total ig-
norance of the purk business.---Witness. I knows nothing at all
about it. I never minds nothing.:-..barring the sheep's heads and
plucks.-.-(Laughter.) ' •
Mr. Rolland. What ! -DO you -know nothing of the machine?
Witness. ; I never uses no machine. I chops the heath.
Mr. Rolland. Nothing of the machine! What! .Do you know
nothing of the machine? Why, if you put in a pig at One end it
is sure to come out in sausages at the other.—(Laughter.)--Wit-
ness. I knows nothing at all about it, I tell you. The witness
however, upon being asked by the Counsel for the defendant the
same questions, answered, without hesitation, that his master had
taken the pork house about two years ago.
One of the defendant's witnesses, upon being asked about the
profits of the sheep's head business, said, greatly to the diacomfi-
, ture of his Counsel, that he (witness) had been in the trade
extensively, but, that he had quitted the "Jemmy" business be-
cause it was unprofitable.
The Conunon Sergeant commented upon the evidence. He
represented that the defendant, upon. whom it was far from his in-
tention to cast any imputation in consequence of the low nature
of his employment, had certainly greatly exaggerated his profits.
The sheep's bead trade—(Great laughter.)---was not of late so
flourishing as could have been wished by the gentlemen who dealt
_in that article, and he apprehended that the pork sausages did not
yield so great a profit as would enable the defendant to pocket
9001. a year: His business was amongst the lowest orders, and
his. profits must be proportionably low, particularly as sheep's
heads were, in warm weather, very liable to decay ; and as for
the plucks, they would perish in little or no time.
The Learned Gentleman, after having given further testimony
of his knowledge of this part of the trade, said, in alluding to
Mr.Bolland's description of the sausage-machine, that the wit-
ness, who had professed his ignorance of its virtues, would, if
he were put into it at one end, certainly come out sheep's
heads at the other.—(Loud laughter, in which the 'Recorder
joined.)

The Jury, after a short deliberation, agaessed the compensation
for the loss of the pig and sheep's head trade at 7001.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER.

GARRATT AND OTHERS, THE EXECUTORS OF RAINIER, F. THE

ROCK UPI utstaukticE COMPANY,'

This was an action brought to recover the Burn of three thou-
sand pounds on a policy of insurance effected on the life of Mr.
Rainier.

Mr. JERVIS, the Counsel for the plaintiff, stated, that there was
a clause in the policy which states, that if the insured meets with
his death by suicide or duelling, his executors shall not receive the
amount of. the policy. This proviso is introduced in order to
protect companiorfrom the frauds which persons in' desperate cir-
cumstances might. be induced to commit, for the sake of their fa-
mulles, by self-destruction. In ,the year 1809 Mr. Rainier had
married a young lady, and in the year 1810, ,in order to provitle
for a family which he expected would be large, lie effected an in-,
towatice Upon the Company for 5,000). Finding, however, ,froM
a change in his circumstances, that, he was unable to ninke the
regular payments upon so large nu amount, he, with the consent
of the Company, reduced the policy, to p,9901. and upon it he had
paid '1,5931. to the office. It was stated, in favour of the de-
fendants, that Mr. Rainier had been afflicted with one of the most
awful 'Of human nialadieii,-„insanity had been at one time
a partner in a firm, which in 1810 stopped payment, and in-
volved him in considerable difficulties.. He lost his mother, who
was a most tender and affectionate parent, and after that
time (1817), he began to show symptoms of mental de-
rangement. Five years after the death of his mother he
had the misfortune to lose his Wife, and was again*
prived of reason, but never showed "any disposition to injure
either himself or others. He resided et Highbiwy, and on
the 15th of March, between five and six o'clock, he quitted his
house unknown to his faMily, and ealled at.some places where he
doubtless exhibited strong symptoms of agitation and exciteinent.
At Mr.lVilliams's house at Homerton; which was the first place
he visited, he asked fora glass of water. The lady prevailed upon
him to take Wine, after which he asked her for a bed ; this ac-
commodation he could not get, upon Which he went to a public-
Inane, where ho was also disappointed in his application for a
bed. In gving from one place to another be' had toimis the New
River, and if he contemplated suicide, it was natural to suppose he
would hiVe drowned himself there. He then pissed on to the
'loose of Mr. Cavanagh, where he took refreshment, and -after
aniither call in the same neighbourhood, he ran into the city, and
asked a friend for some money, but disappeared suddenly without
taking it with him. He was afterwards seen by the patrol run-
ping rapidly along the road to Finiffiley, and he Came so roughly in
contact with a bricklayer; • that both tumbled dOwn on their
backs. Upon be:.; questioned as to the cause of his violent jour-
ney, he said he had been robbed and murdered ! Upon searching his
packets, hoWever, lie said that he bad loSt nothing, that he had un-
fortunately dined out, ;and got in liquor. He was anxious td
get upon the patrols' boxeS, but could nut pievail upon the per-
son who accompanied him to allow him; He then took the
road to Finchley, and upon reaching a pond on the premises of a
farmer, was drowned. It was probable,.froin 'the state in which
his shoes and stockings were found, that he bad walked into the
pond with his clothes on; that he then retuned, Undressed him-
self, laid hiS clothes in a convenient place, and in such a manner
RN proved that he intended to dress himself after he had cooled the
fever under which be had evidently labdured. • The defendants
a:

leged that he had committed suicide', and 'refused, on that ground,
to pay the demand. If he had intended to drown himself he would
have thrown himself in clothes and all ; but it was to be inferred
front all the circumstances, that he did not .go into the water for
the purpose of destfoying life, bUt merely to allay the excessive
fever with which he was afflicted, and that he had died froth apo-
plexy or accident. He had acted in a Manner' that was not re-
eoncileable with the idea of destroying himself in passing by that'
part of the pond where he 'would have been immediately drowned
if he had thrown "himself in, and selecting that part which was
not so deep. The weather was most inclement. There waii a
black frost %mon the ground, and it was natural to suppose that
apoplexy was produced by immersion, as the deceased had a great
tendently to that disorder. Supposing he was insane, what was
there in the circumstances to show that' lie had. Committed ,self-
murder, .The Jury would doubtless be of opinion, that.in going
to the imed
to allay the fever .with which he was tortured; he died
an'"ei
two
de ldeth.
After witnesses had corroborated the statentent Of the Learned
Cm1"81 M to the conduct of the deceased,

Mr., Brewster, the farmer in whosepond the body was' &Lind,
stated, that upon going: nut early 4.sn the morning;of the 16th of
March, he saw the body in the:shallow-Tart of the pond. The
decried most paw the sleep part to arrive at that which was shal-
low. If a person who had the power of rising, had fallen in the

part where the body lay, be could easily have got out, as the
bottom was firm. -

Mr. Stracey, a surgeon, who had examined the body, was de-
cidedly of opinion that the deceased died of apoplexy.
Mr. Jzavls asked, whether immersion of the extremities in cold
water might not create apoplexy with a person in a state of fever.
Witness—" No doubt of it."

Mr. Bl!,OUGHABI asked the witness, whether a man who was
hanged might not die of apoplexy as well as a person who was
drowned.

Witness said, that when a person died from suffocation, there
was generally a rupture of the blood-vessels of the head.

Witnesses were called to prove, that the occasional insanity of
the deceased was not of such a nature as to lead him to -commit
suicide. He was always perfectly harmless both towards himself
and others ; and his general character was such, that he would be
the last man suspected of such-a tendency. Dr. Armstrong gave
evidence to this effect ; and another medical man was of opinion,
that the deceased might have died by an apoplectic fit, produced by
immersion in cold water whilst in a state of fever.
The CIIIEF JUSTICE said, it was one of those cases in which
there was no knowing how to decide. It reminded him of a case
of property in which it was to go one way, if the daughter sur-
vived her mother, and another 'may, if the mother survived her.
It happened that they both perished in one ship, which was sunk;
and a Jur,y had to determine which died first. The Jury de-
cided on the presumption, that the greater strength of the mother
would enable her to struggle-the longest against death.
The Jury, after a quarter of an hour's deliberation, returned a
verdict for the plaintiffs, which entitles them to the Three Thou-
sand Pounds.
