CHICHESTER.

.(From the Portsmouth herald of Saturday.)
Those only who are aware of the usually peaceful cha-
racter of Chichester, can duly appreciate the excitement
and alarm into which the city has been this week thrown,
by the breaking out, in our immediate vicinity, of that
spirit of discontent amongst the labouring classes which '
has led to such fearful disorders in the more distant parts
of the country. During the last fortnight, threatening
letters have been received by revere! farmers in the neigh-
bourhood, and considerable apprehension was created by
these and other symptoms of an impatient and turbulent
disposition ; but it was generally hoped that, as the at.
tension of all persons interested had been so forcibly called
to the subject, some means would have been devised to
check the progress of these% Unfortunately, however,
the difficulties of the case were too great for speedy adjust-
ment, and the contagion, under the powerful influence of
mischievous example, has almost reached our very walk.
Since Monday bun our neighourbood, on every side, has
been in a state little short of open rebellion, the discon-
tented labourers having risen in large bodice, and, forcing
all who came int their way to join them, gone from place
to place, demanding that the rate of wages should be
raised. Their proceedings have net been coafined to this,
for they have visited most of the gentlemen's houses, by
night u well as by day, extorting money and provisions.
They have destroyed all the thrashing machines they
mild find, and have openly threatened to fire the premises
of all who refuse to comply with their demands.
In consequence of this alarming state of affairs, Lord
George Lennox left London late on Tuesday night,
and arrived here early on Wednesday morning, to attend
a meeting of the Magistrates at the Council Chamber.—
While the Bench were deliberating, information was re•
caved that a body of men, amounting to nearly 400, were
assembled in the neighbourhood of Goodwood. This in.
telligence eauied universal alarm, which was rather in.
creased by the am; dad state of the streets (it being
market-day), and it was seriously apprehended time mob
would enter the town, particularly as it bad been remarked
there were loitering about great numbers of strange men
who did not appear to have any business, The Magis-
trates immediately adopted the most prompt and at the
same time cautious measures. A communication was
made to the officer commanding the detachment of Dra-
goon Guards at our barracks, requesting him to be in
readiness to afford assistance if neeessaty—hut it was re-
solved in the first place to have recourse only to the civil
power, and to try the effect of quiet remonstrance.—
Accordingly about fifty of the farmers and other gentlemen
of the neighbourhood were sworn in as special constables,
and, attended by these, Lord George Lennox, and three
other Magistrates, went out to meet the mob. They came
up with them at Biathlon, and after sonic conversation,
in which the !Magistrates pointed out the illegality of the
course which the people had adopted, and advised' them
to represent their grievances, whatever they might be,
through their parish officers or the Magistrates, the men
were prevailed upon to disperse quietly, upon an assurance
that their affairs should receive immediate and coded
consideration. A mob isolhicted at Pegharn was in a
similar manner dispersed ; hut in the count, of the day nu.
meroue bodies again collected, in various quarters, and
visited the principal gentlemen's bermes in very formidable
array, demanding provisions and money, which were in
moat eases given them through fear. it would be
an endless task to enumerate all the instances of this
enuree of extortion which have been communicated to us.
()pier two of the most prominent features are sufficient.
Ledy Henry Howard's house, at AltiitighOarae, was in the
afternoon surrounded by about two hundred men, who pe-
remptorily demanded money ; there were no gentlemen in
the house, anti the terror of the belies may be easily ima.
gibbed At tide juncture a friend of the family, the Rev.
William Sergison, happening to arrive, sod that gentle-
man, by reutming with the mob, induced them to depart,
neon much easier terms than was expected, they having,
after much parley, agreed to be content with thirty shit.
lino, which sum Mr. S. gave them, with an express
protect against the illegality of the proceeding. It ap-
pears that these wend mobs did not disperse during the
night, but continued in large bodies, regaling themselves
et the public-houses round the neighbourhood. About
three o'elocit in time morning the bowie of Laredo, Esq.
of Salt-hilt, wax surrounded by ahlAtt three, hundred mete
who demanded five pounds, with a threat of setting fire to
the premisee. Lorelei after in vain endeavouring to
argue them out of their purpose, was induced ur give them
two pundit, with which they promised to be eatiafitd.
They, however, went immediately to his barn, broke it
open, end totally de4toyeti the thrashing machine., sifter
which they deperteth Soon after day=light inquiry cv,e,

Net on- toot throughout the surrounding country, and
after mane honra' search, eight young men, suspected
of Wirer concerned in the outrages, were apprehended
at a public-house at Ifainpnett. They were brought up in
custody to the Council Chamber, where they were exa-
mined by the Magistrates, and after a long investigation re-
manded, and sent to Petworth gael, to be brought up again
this day. They 'are nearly all inhabitants of Chichester.
About eleven o'clock on Thursday morning, information was
brought to the Council Chamber, that a large body of
men were as;iembleil on, Boxgrove Common, and were
making towards Goodwood. The Duke of Richmond,
who had come from London on Wednesday, and was pre-
aiding at the Bench, instantly took horse, and set off to
meet them, accompanied by upwards of fifty of the gen-
tlemen who had been sworn as special constables. On
approaching the mob the Duke halted his party, and went
forward alone to address the men, lie pointed out the
mischief and folly of their conduct, advised them to rely on
legal means, and on hie assuring them that the Magistrates
would attend to their complaints if made in a proper man-
ner, his Grace prevailed upon the majority of the crowd
to diverse. Some few, however, were obstinate, and it
was found necessary to take into custody one who ap-
peared to be a ringleader. Three or four attempts were
made to rescue him, without, hoWever, any actual fight-
ing, but he was brought to Chichester, and, after an exa-
mination before the Magistrates, remanded until this day.
in the course of Wednesday night the farmers around
Boehm were visited, and all the machines that could be
found were destroyed. Similar outrages. were committed
in other quarters during the night; and on Thursday all
the machines in Emsworth were broken up by a nume-
rous mob who committed this violence in the open day,
without appearing to care for any consequences. At their
sitting on Thursday the Magistrates agreed to resolutions,
stating their readiness to attend to any complaints pro-
perly laid before them, but that nothing coming from a
mob would be listened to, and that it was their determi-
nation to take the most active measures for the punish-
ment is all breaches of the ptiblie peace. Yesterday a
large hotly of men asiembled at Westbourne, and went
about destroying machinee, and committing the most dar-
ing outrages. Several of them have been taken into cus-
tody, and brought to Chichester for examination.

THE REIGN OF TEIIROII.—The following
placard has been profusely posted on the walls of this
town :—" Buildings wanted to hire for short periods,—
Large anti spacious buildings or houses in Manchester or
its immediate vicinity. References to be left with Mr.
LAVENDEB, at the Town-hall." We do not exactly know
wl►at this means, but we do know, that most dishonest
efforts are making in certain quarters to misrepresent the
state of this town, which never in our recollection was
quieter.. We publicly warn the Boroughrseve and Con-
s►ables to beware of being duped, and we warn poor owl
friendless men to beware of spies. There are some
scoundrels abroad, to whom and to whore employers we
beg leave to say that 1830 is not 1817 nor 1819,—Man-
cheater Times.

WINCHESTER, Nov. 20.—Petitions to both
Houses of Parliament are now in course of signature,
from the inhabitants of this city, for the abolition of
negro slavery in the colonies, which have been numerously
and respectably signed. In consequence of the alarming
state of things in this neighbourhood, a requisition, signed
by the ptineipal clergy end inhabitants of this city, was
yesterday presented to the Mayor, who appointed a meet-
ing to be held at the Guildhall this morning at eleven
o'clock, at which resolutions were passed, requesting the
inhabitants to support the civil authorities in preserving
the peace of the city ; also, that every inhabitant house-
holder should enroll himself as a special constable, to act in
case any tumult or disorder should occur. The parish of
Barton Stacy was last night, between eleven and twelve
o'clock, thrown into the utmost alarm, in consequence of a
fire breaking out on the manor farm of Sir H. W. Wu.-
SON, Hart. of Drayton-park, which destroyed the whole
of the buildinge, consisting of three barns, in which were
about twelve sacks of wheat ; one rick of clover, one of
hay, a granary, and other out-buildings. The numbrr of
people assembled at Mieheldever, Stratton, and other
villages adjacent, yesterday airnottoted to 14 or 1500.
They visited every farm-house in the neighbourhood,
where they destroyed every machine they Came in contact
with, besides levying contributions on the occupier. It
was generally believed, that they would have visited this
city to-day, but up to the present moment, (three o'clock)
we are perfectly quiet. We have just hesrd that serious
riots have occurred at Andover, where several men have
-beret glut* injured. It is also reported, that a fire wee
observed last night, in ,the direction of Newbury; and
another in the direction of , Southampton. The farmers
at Ramsey, arid its neighbourhood, having received letters
threatening the destruction of their machines, they antici-
pate it visit shortly. Various reports arc afloat, that an
ativit on the wont), Jsridewell, is projected.— Portsmouth
Herta

LEWES, Nov. 19.—Between twelve anti one
o'clock this morning, the extensive premises of Mr.
Mounts, of Southover, were found to be enveloped in
flames. The alarm was given immediately and the
engines were stem applied, but not time enough to prevent
an immense sacrifice of property, The roof falling in
flames on a bay-rick close by, soon caused the destruction
of that and another situated near it. Two long rows of
hovels neat. fell victims to the flames; fortunately, how-
ever, owing to the great promptness and exertions used,
all the cattle were led out, except one calf, which was
literally roasted to death. A waggon. shed was completely
destroyed ; only the four walls of the barn are now stand-
ing, which are expected to fall' every minute. The loss
is valued at $OO/. and unfortunately the premises are not
insured. The fire lasted exactly twelve hours, and it was
with► no small feeling of satisfaction that we saw all classes
labouring, indiscriminately, to extinguish the flames.
The proprietor is by no means in affluent circumstances,
and has always borne a most excellent chat acter, and es-
pecially as regards liberality towards his labourers. No
Napa ran he imagined for this diabolical act. To-day a
Meeting has bon held at the County Hall, for the ...purpose
of putting a check, to these destructive proceedings. The
town is at present in a complete state of fermentation,
and wilkohe so, we have no doubt, until the offenders are
brought to justice...4Portsmouth Herald.
PETWORTH, Nov. 19.—A fire broke Mit
on Monday morning about three o'clock, on the pre* ites
of Mr. Jowl' SICINNIN rnallatnr and farmer, in the
parish of Arrhington, and consumed about two loads of
thrashed and about two loads of unthrashed wheat, and
also about two loads of unthrashed peas ; the barn, aart-
house, a rick of hay, waggon, dung-cart, and other im-
plements were also totally destroyed. Had it not been for
the great exertions of the people, the malt-house, with a
quantity of malt, together with a wheat-rick and several
stai•ks of hay, must have been consumed. Fortunately
there was a good supply of water, and in a short time a
great number of persons collected, who were all very ac-
tive and attentive in endeavouring to subdue the flames.
It appears that a ball of fire was seen by Mr. StlNNEn's
carter to come through the roof of tha barn and ascend
like a rocket, as he came out of the stable twar the barn.
Two explosions were heard as loud as the report of a gun,
and the barn became immediately in flames. The pro-
perty burned at Watersfield, as mentioned in our last, be-
longed to Mr. Inc, not Mr. Neat, as stated. There
has beep a great deal of excitement here in consequence of
' the near approach of the incendiaries, and of a threatening
letter, addressed to the Inhabitants of the town, having
been picked up, and of the poor in the neighbouring
parishes of Pulborough, Wishorough Green, and fliliings• ,
horst, having assembled in great numbers and demanded
an increase of wages. The only instance of dissatisfaction
shown by the poor of this town was on Sunday morning,
by two of the worst characters in the place, who after
having in the course of Saturday night spent their week's,
earnings, went to the overseer in abeastly state of drunken-
ness, and deniauded money of him. They were examined
before a Magistrate, ami committed to the House of Cor••
motion. A vestry walk held hem, on Saturday last, when
a liberal sulheriptien was entered into for establishing a
system of guas-ding the town, and all the towns in the
parish: The wages of the parish labourers have also been
increased tat such a sum that ►t is thought there can be no
reasonable ground for complaint. There have been no
less theta fifteen persons brought to this House of Correa-
rection within these two days, from Chichester and other
j►lades, for breaking machines, issuing seditious hand-
bills, Etc.—Portsmouth Herald.

The narrative of Captain ALEXANDER'S
recent travels to the seat of war in the East, lays D► pt?
sinned much debate at the different club houses. The re-
spective political measures of the Emperor Ntcnot.sts and
the Sultan MAttstoon were never before publiely enume•
ratjd and described ; and a favourable introduction which
the author obtained to the former potentate, enables him
to collect many personal anecdotes of that Monarch. But
the greatest attraction cf the honk consists, perhaps, of
the minute and vivil deoripthox of oftene4 which took
Awe in the campaign itself, awl whi4, :pry comparison,
render the recent popular details of military adventure and
violate in the West of 'Europe unromat►tic, if not dpficient
in excitement. C4ptaio AA,intaNnEn was wi►h the
Riifni4o army at the most interesting period of the Ornate.

THE EX-MINISTERS.

SPIRIT qf the PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

(From the Manchester nmes.)
After a speech from the throne, all harshness and menace;
after the disappointment from a non-fullilment of the only pro-
mise of concession that speech contained; after the Duke of
Wellington's declaration against reform in any shape, and of his
belief that our representative system is the very model of per-
fection; after Sir Robert Peel's refusal to say whether any re.
duction of taxes was contemplated ; after the attempt to involve
a popular King In the Unpopularity of his servants, by advising
him not to entrust himself amongst the loyal inhabitants of his
own capital; after such proofs of opposition to the will of the
nation on the one hand, and of blundering imbecility on the
other, who Is there that will not rejoice to hear that Ministers
have resigned P

(From the lialjfax Chronicle.)
It was evident to every one that the Duke's popularity was on
the wane, before the extinction of the last Parliament. Having
concentrated all the powers of Government in his own person,
he took credit for every good measure, and incurred the odium
(individually) of every questionable one, which originated- with
the Cabinet. Relying upon the good opinion of the country,
and regarding that as altsufficient to keep the administration
afloat, he selected his favourite adherents rather for their de-
votion to his person, than for the possession of talents and
qualities which might render them independent of his power.
That good opinion deserted him at the very moment when he
imagined that his power was most firmly consolidated. He lost
his hold both on Parliament and the nation by the very means
which he took to preserve it. In his anxiety to secure his majorities
he opposed the strongly expressed opinions of rational and re.
fleeting men upon financial retrenchment—upon Parliamentary
Reti Im—and upon other improvements in the general system of
government In one word, the Duke fell under the overwhelm.
ing power of public opinion.

(From the Liverpool Journal.)
The Duke of Wellington and his colleagues have been driven
from office; and never did less regret attend the retirement of
Ministers who had done so much good for the country. That the
Wellington administration have been the authors of great poli-
tical benefits, there is no one who will be hardy, enough to deny.
The questions which frightened former Cabinets into abandon-
ment of office or principle, they carried with a tact and decision
which leave behind them a sense of national gratitude; but their
subsequent conduct—their wilful blindness to the spirit of the
age, leads us to conclude that the great measures of religious
liberty were snore the result of a happy resolution, than the na-
tural of bct of political sagacity, At the moment, however, the
public never stopped to investigate motives, and, in the excess of
their gratitude and admiration, they attributed to the Premier
mental and statesman-like qualifications, the went of which time
only made apparent. Whatever good the Wellington admint.
stration may have eflbcted, its incapacity to manage ttpa Whirs of
the nation is no linger doubtful ; it could not furnish it financier
who could make himself intelligible, and with the exception-of
Sir Robert Peel, whose services, we trust, are not last to the
State, there was not a tolerable speaker to be found un the Tres-
sury benches. The prospect of a more liberal Ministry seems to
have given great satisfaction to the country. The funds con-
tinue steady, and it is said that even rustic courage, at the intel-
ligence, was suspended in its dreadful course. 'There can be no
doubt that the change will prove beneficial : the age requires a
liberal spirit in the Legislature, and the retirement of a Ministry
wedded to exploded doctrines is an event at which this country
and Europe may well rejoice. We do not deceive ourselves by
supposing that the new Cabinet will respond very (Idly to the po.
pular voice; but of this we are certain, that it will not despise it.

(From the Cambrian.)
Reetomerrox OF MINISTBRS!—To all who could read the signs
of the times, it was obvious that the Ministry could not hold to-
gether much longer. Every movement of his Grace plunged him
only deeper in the mire, He experienced the mortification of
perceiving that those for whose sake he covered himself with ob-
loquy by his declaration against Reform, either from disgust or
want of confidence in his ability to retain office, shrunk from his
invitation, and left him to encounter alone the unpopularity he
had hazarded. Had his Grace resigned only half a year ago, he
would have received credit for higher talents and more wisdom
than he really possessed. His fate ought to be a warning to poll.
ticlans in those times, that it is above all things dangerous to
despise the public, and to volunteer the incurring unnecessary
obloquy, with a view to gratify a few individuals whose interests
are at variance with those of the people, for these men will be
the first to abandon him to his date, when overtaken by the Storm
of general indignation.
(From the West
We last week stated it as our opinion, that the Duke would
not retire from the helm of the State whilst he was able to secure
amaloVity in the House of Commons. It was only by operating
on Parliament, that public opinion could reach bun l and it is
through that medium that It has reached him at last.—ln fact,
It is high time that it should. The distress of the peasantry in
this country has at length given rise to combinations that threaten
the most disastrous consequences. The agricultural labourers
have at length learned to unite, in order to operate on the fears of
their employers, and they arc spreading devastation far and wide.
(From the Western Times.)

'Tuna Itestowamme.—Ministers have at length resigned—stwere
well they had done so a month ago, for since that period they
have sunk low indeed in public estimation, The appointment of
Dr. Philpints to the See of Exeter in spite of remonstrances, and
without regard to the Church's welfare ..the foreign policies, as it
respects Belgium—the King's Speech—and crowning all, the
Duke's uneilitivocal declaration against Refbrm, were together
more than any Ministry could bear up against; and then that
unfortunate declaration of weakness became the death warrant of
the Wellington administration, and rendered its defeat on the
Civil List inevitable. They have fallen. We do not fear now
for the cause of lteform—a new Ministry must yield it, and we
expect will not be unwilling to do so,
(From the Devonport Telegraph.)
We have reeently been astonished by a succession of extraor-
dinary events in the political world—the overturning of thrones
—the crumbling to dust of palaces, amidst the shouts of revolu.
eon—and the rise of a spirit of change which Is now bestriding
the earth like a Colossus, To these signs ol'the times we have
this week to add that the Wellington Cabinet is no morel It ex.
ldred on Monday last. This momentous overthrow is purely this
ettl.et of public opinion, which it Is astonishing so keen an ob.
server as the Duke of Wellington should have mistaken or at.
tempted to defy. The storm has been gathering ever sin the
delivery of that unfortunate Speech from the Throne, whist agi.
.4
tated all men's minds and satisfied none, It was Mar tre.
mendously by the Duke's famous declaration against Reform
which came like a thunderbolt upon the people, and it remained
fur that tom.foolery business of the City Feast to wind up the
strange eventful drama,—But though these wore the rocks and
quicksands upon which their tiartunes were ultimately wrecked,
it cannot be denied that other hidden causes have been long
operating against the popularity of what has been styled the
Horse Guards Cabinet. The peo_ple have an Innate jealousy of
military power, and the Duke of Wellington surrounded himself
with soldiers, The Attorney-General's insane crusade against
the Press was revenged by the Journals upon the Ministry, which
gained much odium by that prosecution. The last speech of
I,loorfie the Fourth, which was everywhere represented as mock.
ing the distresses or the eountry, by denying the existence of
the great pressure then Mt by the people, and the unsatisfactory
proceedings of the Session which followed, assisted in spreading
disaffbetion through the kingdom. The hopes of the people re.
calved their deathblow by the declaration of the Premier in the
house of Lords, that the Representative System was perfect.
(From the Newcastle Chronicle.).

Though this unyielding Ministry is no more, it is to be hoped
that the people will not popsider the victory as gained ; the
main struggle has in fact yet to come. The Ministry to be
formed will stand pledged to reduction and reform. This must
array against them all the enemies of reform, all the possessors
of Parliamentary interest, and all who have fattened an the pre.
sent System of corruption. Those form a most formidable band
in the two Houses, and sunless the Ministry be heartily sup.
ported by the people, may prove too many for them. It there.
fore appears to Nq tri 1)# a duty which at the present moment the
people owe to themselves and their country, to forward petitions
frain all places for refonn and retrenchment. By this means not
only will the Ministry be supported in the arduous struggle they
will have to maintain, but the Sovereign and Aristocracy will
from thence learn the desires and will of the nation, and the
Ministry themselves receive the useful warning, that it is only
whilst they promote reform and economy to the utmost of their
power, that they ran ho: e for popular support. Unless, indeed,
they are determined to do so, they had better never accept place,

(From the Par/smoufh Herald.)
We will venture to say, that considering the difficult and em.
barrassing questions which have been disposed of during the time
the Duke held office, and the various conflicting interests he had
to consult, no Minister who has been called on to legislate in si.
toiler cages, could have carried with him out of office, a greeter
share of popularity than the Duke of Wellington, had he re.
signed at the close of the last Session. We do not mean to say
but what his Grace had, even at that period, many and bitter
etlettli44, but We mean that any other man to whose lot it might
have fallen to legialete on questions of similar Importance, would
also have made en emir+) lumber of enemies. We are here put-
ting entirely out of the question the declaration which his Grace
made this Session on the subject of Reform, than which nothing
could be more impolitic, unjust, or uncalled for. The origin then
of the unpopularity of the Duke of Wellington seems to us to be
attributable to the extraordinary nature ofthe questions that were
agitated, iris his administration; and that this unpopularity
was heightened, wo will not attempt to deny, by a somewhat pe.
remptory andUtniourteous bedting towards those who difflired
from him in opinion"; but tbet Gm mainspring of his actions has
been the honour and welfare of Ida Country, to which no man
living has on the whole rendered linen signal services, we feel as
positively convinced as of our own existenee; and, however
strongly the world may, in reference to particular isolated cases,
censure t certain degree of haughtiness in his manner, which,
though p
with patience in 444ardonable trt an old successful soldier, is seldom to be
tolerated
to, we are perfectly sure that when
party feeling shall have given piece to a
candid and unprejudiced
examination of his acts and motives, the wqrki will also see in
the conduct of the Duke of Wellington, as Prime Mintites, much
to commend. He possessed those meat essential and necessary
quelitlefitlons of a legislator, a promptitude of decision and firm.
news, to en elmost incredible degree, and few men would have had
the nerve to carry them through those questions which his Grace
has been destined to sweat. With regard to Sir Robert Peel, we
can scarcely find words to'eaprees 01# sense of the vast obligation
which we consider he has conferred on the mitten by his uncoils-
illff assiduity in amending and Simplifying the complicate mx,
eidnery of our criminal code, nor can we withhold from the Right
Honoorehle Gentleman our sincere tribute of praise for the up-
right, honourable and (with °noway exception to which we will
not nothei anAeleeri4stent course he has uniformly pursued
during the time he haeeld office. To our mind, there is not
another meMbCr in thehouse, capable of so soon attaining a
clear apprehension and wrougli knowlwlee gif 44w eet in all
s
its bearins, let if be ever so various and difficult, as Sir Robert
peel; neither is ificro any rntm ip the House, who, according
to our impression, bettor addreastel himself, both as art orator,
a man of sense, and a gentleman, I 4 thy matter under discus.
aion, and who goes more directly and argurnentailyely to the
point. On a general review of, his course, as a Militate, of the
Crawn, we look own; Sir It. 1 eel, as a sound end honest States-
man, as kili as a most perfect man par business ; in this latter
respect In aid ' We. pay be disappointed In finding a successor
so well acquainted With all the details of office as himself; arid
whatever ditlbrence of opinion rotif eglia as to the line of policy
there eau he but one °O-
hio office, to the entire sacr,flce of that 'dor.
inseioin'uoniTisnelitioliluitttrhtlectuljtilirr crioube'rt Peel mss "applied himself
with the most persevering assiduity to the arduous' add Mbitl-
farious (lutist. 4.
mestic ease and comfort, of which we all well know the value.
In talking our leave of the late Administration, we need say but
Hole on that which may succeed' is. quit pliples are well
knime • they were 'dated in our earliest profess ons, and here
neon m 444 op ever since. We shell continue In t e Seine onne',
anti ,adly iena:oo (tittle aid to. the executive. We `Care not
by what set of men the tioVerffelent of the country roily be 'ad-
ministered, so long as they erltlCts" 4 disposition to study the
public, good. we shall consider mearidiria 'lists
pot men and
sincerely do we hope that we may be able eouseieritioleilY to
legend the efforts of the'new Administration. We willnot,
however, 417 so 0411 e our conviction that, looking to the immense
amount of axes which press heavily on all classes, and the
extreme of dhicontent rind excitement at present existing
in this country yrom various causes, no liin
',stry can stand long,
which will not rigidly practice economy iii .ve;,
ry way consi,tent
with the honour and security of t e country, -We do neat
morn by this, that paltry awns should be deoluct*d from the
wages Of tip Illdi,"'""' 411 working classes. We cdriceive
every labourer to be worthy of his hire, and if a man in health
cannot earn sufficient for his subsistence, there must he genie-
thing wrong in the system ; we would, therefor,
i. wish to see this
useful and essential claws of Men retimnerattd tsi the ""*'"F"'
Of their merits. Neither, by economy, do wo moan that aurae
insignificant in themselves, but of great importance to thoSe
interested, should taken from the salaries of leaser clerk*
lit
it'l'iet office. 'e sets • • t t ler which the country cries aloud
mutt be made iir the Vo . e - deptuttisents of the Suite, by e di`

minution of exorbitant salaries given for •small Service., and
by the gradual abolition of sinecures. • We are perfectly aware
that no Government could exist for any length of time which
has not at its disposal a certain degree of fralronage—but then.
is a medium in all things—the greatest blessing may be con-
verted into a curse by abuse, and a system founded on good
principles may by the same means produce bad mad even
ruinous consequences. Some moderate reform in Parliament
is also, we are induced to believe, expected by the country, and,
we are tree to say, not without reason. Let but the new Admi-
nistration act thus; let them practice economy (themselves
showing the example) without crippling the energies of the
State ; let them advocate a moderate reform in the representa-
tion, without endangering the Constitution ; and, above all, let
them legislate for the wants of the poor,. as well as for the
luxuries of the rich, and they shall have our most hearty con-
currence and support, as they will that of the nation at large.
(From the Carlisle Journal.)

DEFEAT AND RESIGNATION OF MINISTERS.-With the entire
concurrence of the whole nation, the Duke of Wellington and
his awkward Squad of Imbeciles have ceased to direct the coun-
cils of this nation ! Their retreat from office was certainly ex.
pected, for it has been perfectly clear to all men of common die.
cerement, since the delivery of the King's speech and the inso.
lent declaration of the Duke against Reform—that either they
must resign or a 'evolution must ensue; that the nation would
continue to be insulted by suffering its affairs to remain its the
hands of men so inadequate to the circumstances of the times,
was utterly impossible. But it was not expected that they would
haVe been driven from office in a manner so disgraceful—in
attempting to uphold a system of extravagance, on their avowed
enmity to which they had alone been tolerated for such a length
of time; nor did any one anticipate that the House of Commons
would have been surprised into an act of virtuous opposition to
any Minister. It was generally understood that the opposition
were reserving all their strength for the question of Reform; but
the Members stole a march upon themselves, and, we dare say,
very much to their own surprise, found they had defeated the
Minister, when they only meant to terrify him. The last two
acts of the reign of the Duke's Ministry were in exact accord-
ance with most of their deeds ; they gave a sinecure place worth
2,5 W a year to the son of the Earl of Bathurst (their President
of the Council), a man sodden in public wealth ! and they ap-
pointed Dean Philpotts to be Bishop of Exeter ll—an appoint-
ment execrated by men of ali parties, from one end of the king-
dotn to the other. No wonder the working classes of Carlisle re-
joiced at the" Destruction of the Wellington Administration."
(From the Dublin Morning Register.)
Tac Mimisray.—The Wellington Cabinet is signally over.
thrown. This is an event which Is certainly important to liberty
and good government all over the world. What special benefit
It will render to Ireland, remains to be seen. Worse men than
the vanquished cabinet, we cannot have ; but the people who are
looking for places, have to unlearn a great deal of mischievous
and even stupid errors, with regard to our condition and our
claims upon Englandfor an ample pecuniary retribution. We
may fairly indulge hope—but we must be watchful! We do not
think it unlikely that Lord Anglesea will be appointed to the
Chief csovernorship of Ireland.
(From the Cork Chronicle.)

rieNIONATION OF MINIST242.—The packet of Tuesday has
brought us accounts of the resignation of Ministers. Joy be
with them. They sought to destroy the Press of Ireland : but
that Press lives to laugh at their humiliation, and to humble all
who will have the hardihood to imitate them.

(From the Durham C'hroniele.)

We congratulate the country. The career of the Duke of
Wellington as a Minister is at an end. His Grace and his
Majors-General have been cashiered by Parliament.—We pre.
dieted, in our last, that his infamous declaration against Reform
had ensured his downtnl. The result has shown how correctly
we foretold his fate. We did not, indeed, expect his destruction
would have occurred so soon ; but justice is becoming swift of
foot. His example will be a caution to future Ministers not to
insult common sense, nor scout with disdain the claims and ex-
pectations of the people. We wonder what his Orace will now
think of his best possible Legislature. Like Caligula of old, his
favourite steed has tumbled him in the mud—has soused him In
a slough from which he can never emerge, Well it would have
been for him had he resigned before. He ruled over-long, both
for himself and the country. His tactics have been less success-
MI in the senate than in the field ; and the dotage which has
marked the close of his Ministerial life will go far to obscure the
glory of its brighter days. With respect to his partners in mis.
!brim)°, we must pass them briefly over. Sir Robert Peel, who
is in laid odour with all the world—distrusted and despised in
every quarter, will fall unrnourntal ; while he of the Exchequer,
who was vain enough to dare the Opposition to a trial of strength
a week ago, and would not then leave place because It would be
" cowardly" to quit his Royal Master in difficulties, will now be
convinced of the impotence of his boasting—though he will have
the consolation, in his misery, of knowing that the abandonment
was not spontaneous but compulsory—that he and the squad, of
which Its was Paymatter-serjeant did not desert, but were
drummed out of the regiment. Thank God I there Is at length
a hope of the country being governed on right principles. This,
in filet, must be a tine qua non with all future Administrations.
Public opinion has been too powerful for the Duke of Wel.
lington, and it must be respected for ever hereafter. The people
will no.lo»ger take crusts for mutton. They will not be satin.
fled without as a just and impartial system of government ;"
and it will be idle for any set of men, however highly gifted in
talents and statesman-like qualities, to think of maintaining their
ground without keeping pace with the spirit of the age, and in-
troducing measures really calculated to improve the condition of
the country.
(From the Glasgow Free Press.)

The Press and the people of this country have not laboured in
vain. Public opinion is at length triumphant It has become
more omnipotent than the aristocracy, and all the powers of cor.
ruptlon that surround them; and has actually driven from their
places a Prime Minister and his retainers, the most uncompro.
wising, the most opposed to the progress of liberty, and the
most determined to cling at all h muds to office, that ever, perhaps,
held the reins of executive power. The say species in revolu-
tion desired by the prudent and intelligent, because known to
be the most safe and the most in accordance with our national
character, and the spirit of our still noble though now deformed
institutions, has thus been accomplished : we mean by the moral
power lodged in the people having now gained the ascendant.
From the period of the first French Revolution, the Aristocra-
tical and High Church Patsy, tearful of the spread of freedom
in this country, and wielding until now the whole influence of
Government, have made it the consistent rule of their policy
to exert all their energies for the suppression of liberty, in what.
ever country it arose; and hence the long wars into which they
plunged us against France, end out of which we emerged,
crowned it Is true, with the barren wreath of victory, but bur.
with an amount of *dual debt and ether illeumbrance*,
which, In the lapse of only sixteen years, have sunk the country
to a depth of wretchedness, seldom, perhaps, equalkal, either in
ancient or modern times. The Government must now be con.
ducted by such men only as understand the character of the
age, and are disposed to move along with it in the necessary
course of reformation,..in which case confidence will succeed to
distrust, good.will to disaffection, and perfect peace to incipient
disorder. Of whatever individuals the Executive may be com-
posed, this alone is the principle on which they can act. The
people have laid it down,—and they dare not deviate from it,

(From the Edinburgh Evening Courant.)
The immediate cause of this Ministerial revolution wits un-
questionably the division on the Civil List. But from whatever
cause, it is evident the popularity of the Duke of Wellington
has for a considerable time past been on the decline; and It is
somewhat singular that his chief Opponents have been among
those who lauded his measures. The great act which stamped a
character on his administration was the repeal of the Cathoiic
disabilities in Ireland, which was so highly approved of by a
large and influential party; and yet it is certain that this mea-
sure contributed to weaken, rather than to strengthen, his Mi.
Mary, because it did not secure the support of those by whom
it was approved, while it decidedly alienated the High Church
and Tory party, ,whose intinettee in England is still so extensive
anti powerntl. rho impenetrable reserve and hauteur of the
Duke of Wellington's manners; his overbearing demeanour in
the Cabinet, and his decided aversion to any new political al.
Helices, by which he might have strengthened and extended his
influence, are also stated, with what truth we cannot take upon
ourselves to say, as among the other causes of the unpopularity
of his Ministry.
