THE SUN, LON DON, WEDNESDA YU LY 29, 1840.

MESSKS; LovETT AND COLLIT

. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sin—An erroneous impression having gone abroad,
in consequence of what fell from Mr. Lovett at War-
wick, that he would not be able to appear 'in public at
present,
Dip Committee for conducting the forthcoming din-
ner to the above gentlemen will be thankful if you
will insert in yoUi• valuable journal that they have seen
Mr. Lovett since his arrival in town, and be pledges
himself that he and Mr. Collins will both be'present.
I am, Sir, your's, &c.
July 28, 1840$ R. MOORE, Secretary.

DEATH

OF THE

EARL OF DUR RAM.

(From our Second Edition of Last Night.)
COWES, .JULY 28.

From the hour of his Lordship's arrival at Cowes
there appeared no hopes of his recovery, and he has
been daily getting weaker, but his medical attend-
ants considered he was not in immediate danger—
that the acute disease had been changed into the
chronic ; indeed he had had no medical man in at-
tendance for some days, and his amiable lady and
family had been lulled into a false security.
His Lordship had not eaten anything for a
week past, excepting a little fruit, and had taken
only beef tea. On Sunday and Monday he did

not rise even to have his bed made ; his lad)
was his sole and constant attendant night
and day. ; no one else even went into his
room. His Lordship had taken a great fancy to
the town, and to the last was very anxious to pur-
chase or take on a lease of fourteen or twenty
years a large house for his family, and Mr. Moore
had applied to the Earl of Belfast, Sir 'Thos. Tan-
cred, Mrs. Goodwin, and others, for that purpose,
his Lordship considering himself better, and that he
would recover. At five o'clock this morning he was
taken worse, and Mr. C. Day was for the first time
called in ; he atteude tl immediately, and pronounced
him dying—that he could not live five hours. At ten
minutes past nine his Lordship expired. It was a
terrible and unexpected blow to his lady and chil-
dren, for if ever a husband was Boated on by an
amiable and affectionate wife it was John George
Lambton, Earl of Durham. Lord Lambton was
sent for to his father a few minutes before he died.
His Lordship's daughters were also with Lady
Durham. The whole family are in the greatest
distress.

THE GREAT WILL CAUSE.

PANTON V. WILLIAMS.

Sir Herbert Jenncr gave judgment in this long-pend-
ing cause yesterday afternoon, in favour of Mr. Williams,
who it will be recollected was tried for forgery at the
Old Bailey, about eighteen months since. Upwards of
30,000/. uepended upon the issue, besides real estates.
The Proctor of Mr. Panton has given notice of appeal
to the Privy Council.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

MARKET INTELLIGENCE.

(From the London New Price Current of fitly 28.)
SUGAL—The rates preyiously established have been
fully supported for all descriptions of British Plantation,
and on Wanes(ley and Thursday last there was a good
demand both from grocers and refiners, the pec!eliases
for the two days amounting to 1,200 hhds and tiettes, in
eluding 341 hhds 85 brls St. Lucia at public sale which
went at 81s to 86s for low to fine yellow, and 803 to 80s 6d
for good and fine greyish brown; by private treaty 87s to
88s was paid for several parcels of fine yellow Antigua : on
Friday, however, the trade bought less freely, and the sales
did not exceed 300 hhds and tierces, but holders refused to
sell excepting at former prices:
This afternoon the demand was limited both from refs.

ners and grocers for British Plantation Sugar; the pur-
chases did not exceed 400 hhds and trs, the merchants,
however, refused to sell excepting at former rates, and the
prices of Friday were maintained; in one or two cases,
however, a slight reduction \VIA submitted to as is generally
the case in a flat market. There wet'C no public sale.
REFlNED.—Refined goods have been in good request
for home consumption, and former rates have been sup
ported. To-day the operations in refined goods were
limited for home use, but prices were firm, and standard
Lumps were not to be bed under 1094. Treacle sells
slowly, and common has fallen to 42s per cwt In Bastards
,ind Pieces little doing. The demand for bonded crushed

Sugar was limited at 34a 6d to 345 9J per cwt.
MAURITIUS. —Tile operations have been limited by pri-
vate contract in both brown and yellow descriptions; but
the rates previously established have been fully maintained.
Fine brown at 80s a 803 61, low to good yellow 81s a 84s
6d, fine 86s to 87s per cwt.
This afternoon there was no public sale, but 8,000 bags
arc announced for Friday ; there was little done privately.
EAST INDIA.—For Bengal of white quality there has
been a good deal of inquiry by the home trade, who have
offered former rates; brown and yellow sorts at former
rates. For Manilla for export former rates have been
maintained. In Java prices have been supported. Siam
has maintained its former value.
FOREIGN.—The demand has been limited for Brazil;
former rates have been supported. For yellow Havannah
prices have further improved 6d per cwt, on the spot 1100
boxes have been sold at 25s 6d to 265, besides a floating
cargo of 2300 boxes to be delivered at this poi tat 255.
For White the merchants arc not disposed to submit to
lower Pates. For 80 casks Surinam Muscovadoes 24s has
been paid for arrival.
This afternoon at public sale 1164 boxes yellow Ha.
vannah were offered and all taken in at 26s to 27s for
middling yellow, being above its value.
MOLASSES.—For West India the demand has been
steady, and former rates have been fully supported; the
sales however have not exceeded 180 puns.
COFZEE.—For W.est India there has been less demand
from the home trade since we last wrote, nothing further
has been done on speculation, and prices have given way
3s to 4s per cwt: at public sale 367 casks 180 brls and
bags have been brought forward, a small part only of
which found buyers at the reduction noticed above.
The proposition of the Government to reduce the duty
on Coffee being yet undecided, the third reading of the
Customs Duties Bill in the House of Commons not coming
on last evening, caused the Coffee market to be in a very
dull state today, privately nothing was done. At public
sale 145 casks 114 barrels West India, 1,996 bags
Ceylon, 282 bags Java, and 726 bags Brazil from
the Cape were offered. British Plantation was nearly all
taken in, the importers not being disposed to submit to
lower rates. Of the Ceylon a small part only was sold 2a
to 3s under last week's rates, good ordinary went at 87s
to 88s 6d, fine ordinary 90s to 925, low middling pale 97s
to 100 s. Java sold at nearly last week's rates, good ordi-
nary pale fetched 62s 6d to 655. Brazil was all damaged,
and fetched 38 to 41s per cwt.
Coco/v.-1 his afternoon at public sale 19 barrels 287
bags West India were offered at auction and sold at
steady rates, viz., at 50s to 52s for low and middling red
Trinidad.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Jtar 28.
The Eat l of SHAFTESBURY took his seat on the
Woolsack at half-past Four o'Clock.

Lord MORPETH and others from the Commons
iirought up the Municipal Districts (Ireland) ;
the Cdutt Houses (Ireland) Bill ; the Insolvent Deb-
tors (India) 13111 ? the Church Temporalities (Ireland)
Bill ; the Toll on Lime Bill; and some other Bills.
The House then adjourned during pleasure. _ _

The House resumed at Five o'clock, when the
LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack.
The West India Relief Bill, tho Caledonian Canal
Bill, the Friendly Societies Bill, and the Poor-law
Commissioners Continuance Bill, were read a third
tine and passed.

The Bishop of EXETER presented petitions from
Education Societies in Ireland, praying for an alteration
in the system of education.

The Bishop of LONDON presented petitions against
any alteration in the Corn-laws, and against Sunday
trading.
Viscount DUNCANNON gave notice that if the
Alunicipal Districts (Ireland) Bill was brought up
to that House in the course of the evening, he would
move that it be read a first time and printed, and would
fix the third reading for Thursday next.
The Earl of GLEN GA LL gave notice that on Friday
next be would move for a copy of the sentence passed
on Lawrence Davis at the Clonmcl Assizes, for wilful
and corrupt perjury at the election of a Poor-law
Guardian.

Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from
1,160 persons of colour in the island of Barbadoes.
Of the petitioners 1,100 were persons who had been
emancipated from slavery, and on this account the pe-
tition was most interesting to him, as it no doubt would
be to their Lordships, when they heard that this was
the first petition which had emanated from any body
of the emancipated people of 'colour in the exercise
of that right which they had, in common with every
other class of their fellow subjects, to lay their com-
plaints and wishes before the Parliament.—(Hear,
hear.) The petitioners complained that the qualifica-
tion 6f Metn'ters of the House of Assembly was
too high ; and also that the electoral qualifi-
cation was to 11;:h as to limit the elective franchise
to 1,200 persons out a population of 130,000, and of
this 1,200 not more tha. 200 were people of co-
lour. The consequence, art Plight be supposed,
was that the interest of the emant,!;ated people of
colour, who were unrepresented was net attended
by that House ; but on the contrary the measures
which were recommended by the Government for
their protection and the amelioration of their con-
dition were rejected. They complained most par-
ticularly of the restrictions which were placed
on their emigration to the other islands.—(Hear.)
The restriction of which they complained, and in which
to a certain degree he went along with them, though to
a certain degree also he did not—was an Act by which
every person was prohibited, under very severe penalties,
front acting as an emigration agent without
a license. Undeniably there was a great risk of abuse
by persons acting as emigration agents, which it was
necessary there should be some cheek to prevent ;
since negroes might be inveigled on board a
ship, and instead of being carried to Guiana, where
they would be free, taken to the Brazils, where they
would be slaves. But the negroes maintained the real
object of the Act was to prevent emigration—to keep
them in the island, and thus keep labour cheap. It was
possible that this might be one great object of the Le-
gislature there, while it was clear, on the other hand,
that this was a different case from the crimping system in
the case of the Hill Coolies in the East Indies ;
nevertheless it ought to be under some control, that
the emigration of labourers might not on the one hand
be made the means of carrying them into slavery in
Brazil, and on the other hand, of improperly de-
taining them in the island. He hoped great
attention would be paid to the subject by the Govern-
ment at home before they allowed the Act, which if it
were disallowed, he hoped some other means, not liable
to the same objections, might be found to prevent these
abuses.
