(PRICE 7D.)

NATIONAL POLITICAL UNION.

The Council of this Union assembled last night, at eight
o'clock, at their rooms in Saville House, Leicester-square
—H. B. CHURCHILL, Esq., of the Temple, in the Chair,
Many donations of books were announced by the Secre-
tary, and a subscriptio❑ of 5/. from Major Beauclere.
Mr. STYLES referred to the Committee appointed to
inquire into the distress of the weavers of Spit dfields ;
and moved that, in consequence of the Committee meeting
often, a sum of 2/. would be granted for that purpose.
The sum of 2/. was granted.

The Rev, Mr. Fox proposed that no motion shall be
submitted to the Council, but by the Committee, except a
notice in writing has been a week previously given. The
Birmingham Union appears to discuss measures three
times; and although he did not wish to imitate them, he
wished pi ecaution on many subjects suddenly presented to
them, which required all the strength of experience fre-
quently to determine. _

_
Mr. BERKELEY seconded the motion.
Mr. CHEESEMAN thought the regulations of the
Council should be suspended in the room.
Mr. BERNARD thought all regulations and books of the
Council were already open to the members.
Mr. PERRY rose to order.

Mr. MURPHY dissented to. the motion, because it
would have a dangerous tendency. The Committee isbut
a branch, not a distinct part of the Council, and should
not supersede the tights of the Council. Discussion on
matters of public interest might be adapted to the time—
resolutions of value and importance can easily be distin-
guiehed from those of folly and absurdity--and may be
treated as they respectively merit.
Mr. DETROSITR thought Mr. Murphy had not no-
ticed any case of danger to the passing of the resolution.
Cea,ing to do better whets doing well would militate
a4ainst all improvements. He thought the motion would
prevent the Council inculpating itself with any improper
or absurd proposition that might be rashly brought for-
ward. The members also would thus be prepared with
any motion they alight be desirous to bring forward.
Mr. PowELL supported the motion.
_ _

Mr. CARPENTER: dissented from Mr. Murphy's views.
Mr. Fox replied ably to the arguments opposed to his
motion. He wished that the best energies of the mind
and heart should be excited by judicious and deliberate
discussion.

Mr. MURPHY moved that a petition be presented to
the House of Commons, praying that the representation 111.
Ireland might be placed on a basis similar to that of the
representation afforded by the Reform Bill in England.
lie saw no reason why any difference should be made ; and
lie thought the best means of producing a separation he-
twe, n these countries would be placing them under dif-
ferent laws, and subject to different interests.

Mr. Salmi, thought it better not to accumulate peti-
tions, which might impede rather than aid Ministers. No
petition had been got from Ireland on the Bill, and why
then from England, where those most interested had not
petitioned ?

Mr. Moarxv said, that such an opinion merely showed
that the people of England knew very little, and thought
very little, of the people of Ireland, when it was known
that petitions from almost every county in Ireland bad
been presented, and resolutions adopted, and that frequent
meetings and protests of the Irish Members on the subject
«•ere prevalent.

Mr. Fox supported the motion, though he did not know
on what principles the Reform Bill was based, as Lord
Alth. rp had said expediency, not principle, was the basis.
He wished petitions should accumulate, not to embarrass,
but to expedite Ministers; and that they, seeing the power
beyond themsdves, would be inspirited with greater energy.
He thought such a measure was a debt of gratitude owing
by England to Ireland, for havine set them the example of
fo warding the cause of freedom, by the conduct pursued
by the Cat olie Association, which broke the chains of
slavery and oppression

Mr. WALLis also supported the motion.
The motion passed unanimously, and the Business Com -
mittee were requested to prepare a petition for that purpose.

CHOLERA.

Mr. HicxsoN moved for a petition to inquire into the
true character of the disease introduced into this
country, called the Asiatic cholera. Measures guarding
against the plague would be instituted against the ship-
&c., of this country, so as materially to militate
gainst its commerce. He then spoke concerning the
quarantine enforced against vessels in the port of the con-
tinent, and in America—thus increasing an expense and
delay—and other measures mischievous to the merchants.
Millions of subscrip,ions cannot counterbalance the evils of
the quarantine enforced on commerce from the rumour of
the disease. If it has existed formerly, it cannot be proved
to lie a pestilence, or that there is any addithinal ground of
alarm. Ile instanced many medical gentlemen (parricu-
lady Doctors Uwins, Conquest, Birki,eck, Gilchrist,
Morris, Sigmund, Webster, Johnson, Chambers, South-
wood, Smith, King, &c.) against the rumour of a new
disease having been found in this country, or in that dis
ease now termed cholera. Proper means have not been
taken to ascertain the similarity or difference between the
English and Asiatic clio era; for, according to the climates
of dif•rent countries, the symptoms of the same disease
may vary. The investi_ation at Sunderland merely proved
that the disease was Asiatic cholera ; without inquiring
whether the same disease was not cholera here, there, or
elsewhere.

Mr. MuKrur thought the cholera morbus one of the
gr a-e,t humbugs of the last century. It is the source of
peculation and power to minions of G.wernment, and of
great parochial extortion. He instanced St. Pancras pa-
rish, where extortion has been practis.d—where a Select
Vestry has engaged premises at 2001. yearly, for two
yea's, although the individual last holding them had them
for 1001.,.and was disposed to let them for 701. Inquir-
ing the reason for such liberality, he found that the pre-
mises belonged to one of the Sebct Vestry. The greatest
benefit which the cholera could produce would be, if the
animalculre said to produce the disease should enter the
Windows of St. Stephen's, and attack some of the Mem-
bers on the opposition side of the House and people. He
continuea, in a laughable manner, to deride the idea of
cholera ; and asserted that the corruption of Government,
producing the belly-ache of the poor, was said to be the
cholera of the physicians. He instanced several trades de-
teriorated by the cholera, which would have the effect of
injuring the public, increasing jobs and speculation and
humbug. Lord Durham, Lord Londonderry, &c. had
raised the price of coals, in consequence of the rumour,
10s. in the chaldrou.

Mr. WRIGHT coincided in the opinions expressed, and
instancing many evils of the State, be attributed cholera to
thew, as their sources.

The petition was unanimously adopted and signed.
The Giuncil then came to the iesolutioa of subsequently
considering the Anatomy Bill, and the subject of tithes ;
and adjourned at a late hour.
