THE SUN, LONDON', WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1810.

ponsibility for the generals, superior officers, and others,
who would not remedy the evil by proceeding instantly
against the perturbators. Notice is given of all that pre-
cedes to this corps d'armee, in order that the present
order may be of full effect. The slightest infraction of
the injunctions, which have for object to preserve union
between every corps of the army, will not be tolerated.
The superior officers are expressly commanded to take
care that no dissension is created amongst the troops, and
that 110 one be allowed to canvass the different line of con-
duct pursued under such and such circumstances by such
and such a corps d'armee. If, forgetting the respect which
is due to the orders of the General-in-Chief, any one
I dared to foment dissension or to excite one body against
I another, the General commanding is to cause the offender
to be incarcerated in the nearest fortress to the place
where the regiment may be stationed, and to forward a
report thereof forthwith.
."BARTHOLOME GAYMAN,

"` Col. and Adjt.-Gencral.'"

MANIFESTO OF THE INFANTE DON FRAN-
CISCO DE PAULA.

Spaniards,—As scon as her Majesty the Queen Donna
Maria Christina, my well-beloved sister, resigned the Re-
gency into the hands of the Council of Ministet's, and re-
commended ber august daughters my nieces to the pro-
tection of Spanish loyalty—the double duty which the
Constitution conferred,upon me, the tics of blood and the
interests of the nation, imposed an obligation upon me
hich I could not postpone, and which it is not con-
sistent with my character to dofer—l cannot but ac-
knowledge the sacred obligation which the Government
of the State and the future:destiny of the Royal or-
phant7, which the nation reveres as the holy ark of peace,
and of its future prosperity, which the voice of nature
claims, the laws decree, and public Convenience points
nut to me. I formerly renounced with as much confidence
as I now reclaim this office, though I had received from my
infancy so many proofs of the love and fidelity of my coun-
t—illicit. Natural law does not deprive the children of
Kings of the benefits of the common law. The obligation
which the same Constitution assigns as a principle to ap-
point them guardians, proves in an incontestible manner
the course to be pursued, for it would be contrary to all
principles that the Royal family should be denied the rights
which belong to all other citizens. The national guar-
dianship is an affectionate expression of loyalty, and not
the exercise of a mere trust. The duties of a guardian
ought to be effective, and the rights which are conferred
by guardianship arc placed under the safeguard and indi-
vidual responsibility.
It is not less clear that the right I have to reclaim the
guardianship of my august nieces, Qdeen Isabella 11. and
the Infanta Donna Maria Luisa, is specific and declared so
by law. Those who drew up the Constitution of 18.37, and
, with such a laudable solicitation framed our poiitical sys-
tem, did not foresee the possibility of the present case.

They determined the modifications of the supreme autho-
rity according to the different stations of the persons in-
vested with it, but they did not point out with whom the
guardianship of the daughters of the late King should re-
main, fans,. the Recency between the cessation of the
functions of the guardian and the assembling of the Cortes.

but, it the CuThstitution has not provithid for this con-

cingency, our •ancient and venerable laws supply the defi-
cicncy, and may be considered the necessary complement
to our political code. By those laws lam by ►ight the

legitima.te guardian, until -the Cortes, in the exercise of
their privileges, shall have declared who has a right to ex-
crcise that duty. The law 23, title 16th, part 7, declares
that the nearest relative is entitled to be the guardian of an
urphan. The text of the law 3d, in the same title, is still
inure explicit—" We command," declares this law, " that
the nearest relative shall be entrusted with the guardian-
ship of the persons and properties of orphans." In fine,
the law 11 sums up in a clear and expressive manner the
entire spirit of the laws relating to guardians in the fol.
lowing words :—" If there arc sevoial guardians to au
orphan, and if disputes should arise amongst them, we de-
clare that one of them shall be appointed by the Judge to
act for the others."

It would amount to more than a personal animosity
against me to deprive me of the right which the law has
given me. The Council of Ministers, which now exer-
cise the functions of guardians to her Majesty the Queen
Isabella and the Infanta Donna Luisa, cannot reunite
the duties of guardian and Regent, because the Consti-
tution forbids that the duties of guardian and Regent
should be intrusted to the same person. My exclusion
would resound through Europe as a proof that a stain
has been endeavoured to be attached to my name, and
from which Providence has preserved me in tact.
I confess I am animated by a personal desire to obtain
a national victory over my defamers. This, together with
my love for my family, stimulates me to give publicity to
my wishes, because my silence might afford an opportu-
nity for equivocal interpretations. I protest against being
stimulated by any ambitious motives. My sole object is
to fulfil a sacred duty with zeal and patriotism. My object
is to surround my well-beloved nieces with an affectionate
and anxious attention to their wishes, to supply the place
of a father to them, and to unite myself to my country in
closer bonds, and by those means to merit the confidence

KHIVA.

October, 1840:)

of the nation, of which it has been attempted to deprive
me by a malignant influence. My intentions arc pure ;no
paltry ambition animates my breast. I am governed by
those principles of justice and freedom which have been
my spring of action during my entire life.
In fine, Spaniards, I reclaim the guardianship of my
august nieces as a duty which the tics of kindred impose
upon me, and a right which the laws of the country have
conferred upon me. I reclaim it in order to devote all
my energies to the service of my Queen and of my country.
I claim it because my exclusion would be a direct offence
to me. I claim it because my conscience assures me, as a
Spaniard and a Prir.ce, that I have always endeavoured to
deserve the confidence of the people. Condemned by a
cruel fatality to inaction, I have seen myself removed from
the field of action, where I might have partaken of the
perils and the triumphs of my countrymen. The new era
which opens for all would appear to be closed against rne.
My resolution to enter it is a sacrifice which I make, and
this sacrifice i, the best proof of the purity of my intentions.
FRANCISCO DE PAULA ANTONIO.
Paris, Oct. 25, 1840.

No violence, no gesture, but a simple exclamation with Due I
voice of " Silence I" put an end to what was probably in-
tended as a political demonstration.
The second circumstance may be called the striking
episode of the evening, for it was a fracas in which
the well-known Emile de Girardin, the editor of the
Presse, received before the whole audience some slaps on
the face from Bsrgeron, of pistol-shot notoriety. An ex-
planation of the cause of this strange exhibition is neces-
sary. The day after the last attempt on the King's life,
the Presse (and with some reason) attributed the atro-
cious act of Darmes to the incendiary writings of the re-
volutionary Journals. It asked how was it possible to be
astonished at such abominable assassins appearing again
on the scene when Bergeron was one of the writers of
the Siecle? The Siecle is, you are aware, the organ of M.
Odilon Barret, or the Left, and Bergeron writes in that
paper under the signature of Jules Pages, as also in the
IVational, the republican print. I need scarcely add that
you must remember Bergeron as having been tried and ac-
quitted for firing a pistol shot at Louis Philippe, being the
first essay on that Monarch's life. Bergeron escaped
through the Jury putting a charitable construction as to
whether the pistol contained a bullet. M. Bergeron, feel-
ing himself aggrieved at the article in the Presse, ehich
he considered to be a public denunciation of him, sent two
of his friends to demand satisfaction. M. Emile de
Girardin, in a letter to the seconds of Bergeron, re-
fused the meeting on the ground that the editor had
simply stated a fact, and that he had not exceeded the le-
gitimate grounds of fair discussion, Here the matter
rested till last night, Bergeron, however, giving out to his
friends that he would chastise Girardin on the first occa-
sion. This presented itself last night at the musical fes-
tival held at the Opera. M. Emile de Girardin was in
the galcrie, on the cote droit, looking at the stage. By
his side sat his clever wife, who writes under a male sign:-
ture the witty feuillelons of the Presse. M. Bergeron was
seen to enter, and he slapped M. Girardin on each side of
his face. Some persons said that it was only a gentle tap.
This reminds me of the person who said to an anti-duellist
that his kicking around his own park should be very
gentle. " Gentle kicking !" retorts he ; "my park is
five miles around." M. Bergeron's tap might have been
gentle, but it was in the presence of royalty, rank, and
fashion. The Duke do Montpcnsier, Louis Philippe's
youngest son, was a spectator of the scene. Madame
Girardin screamed and fell upon M. Bergeron, calling him
an assassin, a lecke, &c. Many persons, mistaking the
identity of Bergeron, said, " What a frightful spectacle, a
wife beating her own husband 1" I, in common with
half the house, rushed to the rear of the galerie. Berge-
ron bad rushed off "Ii s'est sauve," was the universal

cry. Then followed a confusion of tongues which is in-
describable. Political passions were roused, and mutual

defiances were exchanged. An individual affair became
menacing, and a general row was at one moment feared.
Calm was at length restored, and the assault began to be
to be coolly canvassed. There was little sympathy ex-
pressed for Girardin in the foyer. He killed the unf,n'tu-
nate Armand Carrel in a duel, a man who died lamented
by men of all parties, a stern Republican, but a noble
heart. The attack of Bergeron was not defended. It is
termed a yuetapens, or surprise, at which Frenchmen are
always very indignant. The importance of thisfracas is
that it will revive the most deadly passions between
rival editors„ and there will be personal conflicts
arising out of disputes in the political arena. The
Presse represents the Court party, and champions of the
Republicans will not be wanting to provoke hostile meet-
ings. It is said that Girardin intends to appeal to the
laws for redress—he will not give a meeting to Bergeron.
You may regard this episode as being more of a farce than
of a tragedy, but here it is looked tipo4 in a very serious
light.
By way of postscript, I must add that the Duke d'Au-
male, as well as the Duke de Montpensier, were present
at the assault on M. de Girardin. Thiers and Remusat,

the ex-Ministers, were also in the boxes ; and Count Mon-
talivet, the Intendant of the Civil List, was insulted by
Bergeron's friends. Nothing is talked of in Paris but this
fracas.
M. Girardin has declared that if Bergeron will give Lim
his word of honour that he did not intend to fire at the
King he will give him the meeting. This is impossible,
as Bergeron boasts always among his friends of the pistol-
shot-affzir.

(From the Journal de St Petersburgh of the 12th (24th)

The Aide-de-Camp, General Perowsky, has caused the
following notification to be published at Orenbourg, on the
re-establishment of our relations with Khiva:—

" The declaration put forth on the 14th November,
1539, exposed the motives which determined the Emperor
to undertake a military expedition against Khiva. This
expedition bad for its object to compel the Khivans, by
force of arms, to satisfy the just demands of the Imperial
Government—to give up the Russian prisoners retained in
slavery at Khiva—to put an end to the depredations and
excesses committed upon the confines of the empire, and
to protect for the future the rights aad interests of Russian
subjects from all aggression.
" This measure of repression,even before it was entirely
accomplished, sufficed to show the Khivans that a longer
obstinacy in their hostility towards Russia would necessa-
rily bring upon them the most disagreeable results for
their country. Appreciating from that time in their true
light the real interests of his territory, the Khan of Khiva
hastened to submit to the magnanimity of the Emperor,
after having first of all satisfied, without any conditions,
the principal demands of Russia. In the month of July
last he published a firman, forbidding the various tribes
under his authority, on pain of severe punishment, to com-
mit any act of brigandage or violence upon the frontiers
of the empire, or to detain any Russian subjects in captivity.
" The Khan, at the same time, sent into Russia one of
our officers who had been arrested at Khiva, declaring for-
mally to that person that he was ready to offer all the re-
paration demanded by the Emperor. In token of the
sincerity of his intentions, he also assembled awl set at
liberty the Russian prisoners dispersed over his territory,
granted them pecuniary relief, and sent them into Russia
accompanied by an ambassador. The prisoners and the
Khivan ambassador, Ataniaz-Hodja-Reiss, strived at
Gourieff on the 12th of September.
" Learning that the Khivans had thus purely and simply
satisfied the principal object of our demands, his Imperial
Majesty condescended to admit the Khivan ambassador
into St. Petersburg, to release the Khivan merchants ar-
rested in Russia, to restore their goods which had been
sequestrated, to grant to such of them as were in want
the necessary pecuniary means to enable them to return
into their own country, and to authorise the re-establish-
ment of commercial relations with Khiva, which had been
for some time interrupted. As regards the measures ne-
cessary to be taken to place the security of this commerce
upon a firmer basis, they will be considered hereafter, on
the termination of the negotiations which are about to
be opened between the Imperial Government and the Khan
of Khiva.

•' I have made it my duty to make these intentions of his
Imperial Majesty known to the inhabitants of the provinces
confided to me.

(Signed) " The Military Governor of Orenbourg.
" TheAid-de-Camp General PEROWSKY."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Six,-I take the liberty of addressing a few lines to
you, as the public friend of humanity, and cnclo;e a
small subscription for the humane cabman, No. 1,161,
mentioned in your Sun, of Friday, Oct. 30, 1840,
which forms such a strong contrast to the unchristian
conduct of the " Westminster Hospital," tne medical
" shop in Tothill-street," " the Lying-in Hospital in the
York-road, Lambeth," " the Lambeth Workhouse,"
the " St. James's Workhouse," and the " Institution
in Portugal-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields." At last this
humane cabman met with the Christian Inspector
Medlicott at the Bow-street station-house, who in-
stantly dispatched a constable to St. Giles's workhouse,
where the poor suffering woman was at last admittted,
but not till the poor little infant had died for want of
kindness and proper assistance.

Had this case occurred in some island inhabited by
what are sometimes called savages, England's kind-
hearted people would be the first to send a missionary
to such an ignorant, unfortunate island, but as this has
occurred in the very centre of the metropolis of bene-
volent England, I hope it may lead to the erection of
another of the many noble institutions which make my
beloved country so justly dear to all her inhabitants.
May I venture to suggest, through the medium of your
excellent paper, the erection and endowment of a free
institution, similar to that excellent one, " The Sailor's
Home " I would call it " The Mother's Home,"
where nurses, &c., should be provided for all individuals
requiring similar care to the poor woman named
" Griffin. I wish the Bishop of London would take
this subject into consideration, as I am sure it would be
a great blessing to his good City of London, and would
tend to prevent one of the most distressing of crimes—
that of destroying little infants—when the unhappy
mothers, from distress of mind and body, suffer a tem-
porary insanity.
Hoping your benevolent feelings will excuse ray tres-
passing so long on your time, I am, Sir,
(For the last two months)
Your Constant Reader,
A MOTHER.
Subscriptions received by the Editor of the Sun
Newspaper, for the benevolent Cabman No. 1,161

A mother
A Grandmother 1 0
A Daughter
I also felt much grieved for a poor lady, " sister to a
Captain in the Army," who was sent " to prison for
being accused of begging, and seen selling pencils in
the street. Surely some other place of refuge might
have been found for such a Foor distressed stranger
from our sister island—she came from Belfast. The
account was headed Marlborough-street PolicoiOffic.r,
I think.

DRAYTON MANOR —The Right Hon. Sir
Robert Peel, Bert., M.P., and Lady Pcei take their &-
picture this week for town. The Hen. Baronet will not
be absent beyond ten days, and shortly after a party will
meet for the Christmas,
PREVENTION OF STEAM-PACKET COLLI-
SIONS.—Tne Corporation of the Trinity House has deemed
it right to frame and promulgate the following rules,
•• which, on communication with the Lords Commis-
sioners of the Admiralty, the Elder Brethren find have
Leon already adopted in respect of steam-vessels in her
Majesty's service." Rule first—" When steam-vessels
on different courses must unavoidably or necessarily cross
so near that by continuing their respective courses there
would be a risk of coming into collision, each vessel shall
put her helm to port,' so as always to pass on the Icl3-.l.ird
side of each other." Rule second—" A steam-vessel
passing another in a narrow channel must always leave the
vessel she is passing on the larboard hand."
