Tilt FUNDS.

It is reported that two expresies have arrived from
Paris, but the contents have not as yet transpired, but by
the appearance of the Funds, we do not think they are of
a favourable nature, as Console have receded. Comols,
which left off yesterday 8483 for the Account,
opened at the same price, but on the arrival of the
French express, they receded to 821 for the Account.
This decline may be accounted for by the French Rentes
having come lower; but as yet all is conjecture.
In the. Foreign Funds Russian Stock is lower; Spanish
Bonds have improved.

HALF-PAST ONE.
From the American Papers received this morning :
LaTtrar FROM Maxrco.—By the brig Dope we have
Vera Cruz Papers to the 10th September. The Supreme
Government have received by express the following grati-
fying intelligence :
" I have just toriveJ at this plantation (Morelia), after
having completely routed the force of the factious Cartel.
los at the pass of Corcoza, where the field remains co-
vered with slain. I have the satisfaction to inform you,
that the triumph has been gained with the loss of a single
num. " MARIANO VERGAS."

News,has heel] received by express from Generals Bravo
and Armigo ; the latter on the 17th instant was at Tee&
Alvarez and the other insurgents fearful of their safety, had
concealed themselves in the most remote part of the coast.
Up to the present hour nothing has transpired with regard
to the two expresses arrived from Paris, but the Funds
keep steady, and are 82ii for the Account, with little
doing. The public are anxious to know some further pat•
tieulars with regard to the disturbances at Warsaw.
Russia Stock has receded this morning upwards of 2 per
cent, and are now at 91 to 2.

Spanish Steck has improved. In other Foreign Secu-
rities little doing.

THREE 0' CL O CK.
Console for the Account 82j.

THE FANATIC in the HOUSE of LORDS

About one o'clock this day the Middlesex Grand Jury
came into Court, and among a number of other present.
ments returned two true bills against James Sisk, the
fanatic, whose attempts at assassination, in the lobby of
the House of Lords, on Wednesday evening last, have ex-
cited so general a sensation.

The first bill charges him with having maliciously and
feloniously presented a loaded pistol at the person of Mr.
Richard Gilbert, one of the Marshals of the House of
Lords, and with h.►ving pulled the trigger of the same,
with intent to murder bhn. In a second count he is
charged with intent to disfigure, disable, or grievously
injure him.
The second indictment charges him with having also,
at the same time and place, presented a pistol at the person
of Mr. John Kingsbury, with► similar intent.

The witnesses were ordered to proceed immediately to
the Old Bailey, al it Wail expected the trial would be
brought on there in the course of the day. There were
the names of six or seven witnesses on the back of each
indictment.

DEPARTURE OI? TIIE DUKE AND DUCHESS
or NORTHUMBERLAND.—This morning the Duke and
Duchess of NORTHUMBERLAND and suite, sailed from
liowth for Holyhead.—Dublin Evening Nail, of Dec. 8.
A
TIIE LORDS JUSTICES,---A Privy Council
is summoned for three o'clock to-day at the Castle. when
the Lords Justices ara to he sworn in.—Dublin Evening
Mail, of Dee. 8.

ELECTION.—THEI election ter-
minated at two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, in the re-
turn of Sir JOHN JOHNSTONE-41G Suter:LAND having
suddenly withdrawn from:the content ere it was well be-
gun, on the consideration, " that, as he could not look
forward with a positive assurance +1 success, it was pru-
dent in him to retire, in order that there might he no dis-
union among the friends of liberal principles."
POLITICAL UNION.--Mansfield and . Sat-
ton.in.Aeltfirld have formed an united Political Union.---
Doncaster Gazette.

ASSESSED TAXES. --- retittotts to both
Houses of Parliament have been very respectably and nu-
merously signed, by the inhibitants of Mansfield and vici-
nity, fora total abolition of the .Attressed Taxes..—Don-
caster Gazette,

IVl.Pozzo nt BORGO, the Russian Ambas-
sador at Paris, was formerly a member of the famous Na-
thine! Convention. On the 16th of July, 1792, be made
a most violent speech in that most violent assernlily,
against all the Northern Powers of Europe, whom he de-
nounced as a baud of conspirators, which had for its ob •
ject " the redueing all Europe to a general slavery." Yet,
in 1814, this roan came to Paris as the Representative of
the league which be had so decried—and ever since he
has been its very obedient, humble servant. N. Pout in
Bones was Member foie Corsica.

Plans for no less than fourteen rail-roads, all
more or ress within the limits of the county of Lanesster,
were last week deposited in the office of the Clerk of the
Peace in Preston.
