OLYMPIC THEATRE.

At the conclusion of the play last evening, Mr. WARDE
addressed the audience as follows :
" Ladies and Gentlemen,—Authorized and appointed by my
brethren forming the Committee of Management, I respect-
fully beg leave to read to you what will form a portion of our
announcement in the bills of to.morrow."

Mr. \VARDE then read from a paper the following:—
" Theatre Royal, Olympic.—Under the sanction of the
Right Honourable the Lord Chamberlain.
" The Covent-garden Company, in offering their acknow-
ledgments to a British public for their generous support, and
the consequent success which has thus far attended their efforts,
cannot refrain from expressing to that public the astonishment
with which they contemplate an announcement of the re-open.
ing of the Theatre Royal, Covent-garden, on Monday, with a
Foreign Operatic Company, aided by a portion of the members
of the Theatre Royal, Drury-lane, after the lessee of Covent-
garden had officially declared to the Company that the Theatre
was closed for the season. _ _

" Notwithstanding the painful and unprecedented predica-
ment in which the Covent-garden Company thus find them.
selves placed, they respectfully beg leave to announce to their
liberal patrons, that their exertions will be continued with
increased vigour, to merit their protecting patronage during
the period to which their license (granted to them by the Right
Hon. the Lord Chamberlain, under the peculiar circumstances
of their case), namely, the completion of the number of acting
nights of the usual Covent-garden season."

The allusions to the reopening of Covent-garden with
the German Company, and aid from Drury.lane, were
received by the marked disapprobation of the audience ;
and the conclusion of the address elicited loud and long
continued plaudits.

On Thursday afternoon the Duke of
ORLEANS and suite arrived at Liverpool, by the railroad,
from Manchester. His Royal Highness took up his resi•
dence at the Adelphi Hotel, where he was visited by the
Mayor and the bailiffs, who proceeded in state from the
Town-hall to welcome his Royal Highness to Liverpool.

Lord KING is, we hear, a little better. His
Lordship remains, however, in a very precarious state.

It is rumoured that the Bishop of HERE-
FORD, the P..emier's brother, is to lead the opposition to
the It i.h Church Bill in the House of Lords. The oppo-
nents of the Bill, it is added, calculated upon throwing it
out by a majority bordering upon 40.

Colonel EVANS gave notice last night that
on the motion for going into Committee on the Assessed
Taxes Bill, he would move for a Select Committee to
inquire into the grounds of the alleged injustice or inequa-
lity in the repartition of the house and Window Taxes—
as regards the industrious classes on the one band—and
the nobility and gentry in town and country on the other.
MONTGOMERY'S NEW POENl.—This fa-
vourite Poet's New Work, the title of which is " Woman,
the Angel of Life," will, we understand, be published in a
very few days.

MORE MANIFESTATIONS.—We regret to
learn that the mania of extraordinary gifts is spread ng
amongst us. We are credibly informed that, within
these few days, a most respectable citizen and man of
business, who is an elder in one of the parish churches
in
this city, waited upon his minister, and intimated that he
felt himself under the influence of the Spirit, and that it
it should come upon him in the church, he might be ob
liged to speak. The worthy clergyman told him that he
could give countenance to no such extravagance, and that
he must be under the necessity of preventing any inter,
ruption to the regular service.• The elder replied, that in
that case he conceived it would be his duty to resign his
office, which he accordingly tendered, and which was ac-
cepted of, the clergyman observing that he would much
rather receive his resignation than be under the painful
necessity of expelling him from office.—Edinburgh Paper

The Frankfort Gazette has the following, of
the 12th inst., from Berlin:_" A suit instituted by some
Paris contractors against the Bank of Poland, excites much
interest here, since it has revealed that Prince Louis Bo-
NAPARTE and the Prince de la MosKowA had, at the time
of the revolution, accepted the command of the troops that
were to proceed from France to Lithuania. It also appears,
from the printed documents relative to this suit, that Count
LUBIENSKI was the principal agent of the Poles in France,
and that he was charged to superintend the convey nice of
at ms and ammunition to Poland. This is the more extra-
ordinary, as he is dousiciliated to the Duchy of Posen, and
cunsequen ly is a subject of Prussia. The issue of thi,
trial is looked forward to with great impatience."— Galig-
nani's Messenger.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, THURS-
DAY, MAY 23.—Cotton has been in good demand. Toe
sales this day are 2,500 to 3,000 bags, at full prices.
SERVICE AFLOAT.—In the Work just pub-
lished under this title, the subject of slavery in our
colonies is treated at considerable length (from personal
observation), and many strong facts are offered as the
foundation of the remarks put forth. At the present
period, when the question of slave emancipation is so hotly
discussed, these remarks will be read with great interest.
During the interval which precedes the resumed conside-
ration of this important ...otter by the House of Commons,
it would be well to weigh attentively the statements and
arguments which these pages convey.

CORN LAWS.. 17.;--7C'
From a speech at the rneetink. iu She t 0441 - el
....
week. By Mr. G. Elliott, authOr of the " Cori ~
`P4
Law Rhymes." (... ..,-* "
But it is easier for Noble Lorda-jo 'resolve that Enk, 't
'and shall be bread-taxed, than to m-¢t, the consequene*e.is:
They who are not allowed to buy cat tiatlelf: • 34 vErajit
to be a bread-taxed nation, we must e se,,-
factoring nation. But if we cease to . t‘4.- tliovt
ratld
will the palaced paupers contrive to feed t :' ' esrand
their feeders ? What! will men who confess that they
derive fifteen millions a year from a tax on our bre id—.
,nen who destroy fifteen millions a year more by a double
incidence, and fifteen millions more in the shape of pre-
mium paid to our rivals—to say nothing of an additional
ten millions for candle-ends, and pensions for their aunts
and cousins—will such miserables, when they have de-
14,:iteiyurvecoaoteyihvdseeeeirpuelasadty.nb
landlords'
trades of England, he able to furnish subsis-
tence for twenty millions of starving human beings?
Look, at the condition to which they have already re-
:1;e:: woollenwoollen
totarr.at.dhee
The
is
fho
oehda
trade
irrwar,hui
eii nc
h.O df •c
costs
tlst Sheffield
s nevertw i
two
(01;f1/11 the effects of the blow struck at its vitals
rapidly making its way to the continent, where our
shillings and sixpence. The cotton trade—as I told you
here on a former occasion—is profitless, in spite of its
new machinery; and the poor wages which it pays cannot
he sustained. The latest improvements in cotton ma-
chinery come from abroad ; and there is but a halfpenny
1 between us and the successful rivalry of petty Switzer-
hind, although the manufacturers have to convey the raw
mate, ial by land over the whole breadth of Italy, and tip
their enormous mountains.- The hirelings of the tad ..
ereancy have been for some time telling bushels of Its a
shout the riches and splendour of the eo!ton Pine-'.
Now it happens that I h the lately been among those
cotton Princes, and I do not stand before you with a m tutu,
tilled with lies, nor will I w.ste your time in idle
cords. But I declare to you, from my own knowledge,
chat many of those cotton Princes inhabit worse
houses than my father lived in 40 years ago, when he
wait a poor commercial clerk. I found one of them dwel-
ling in a paltry room under his huge mill, a worse room
than my poor father's kitchen. Another of them, the
King of the cotton princes of Glossop—Wood by name—
( found labouring with his own hands, in a shabbier coat
ban was ever seen on the back of the half-starved corn-
aw rhymer ; and I actually mistook hires for one of his
own workmen. But who that looks at this meetinz can
believe that these facts are true ? Where are the influen-
ctal men of Sheffield ? If there is any tru'h in what I
;lave slid, why are they not here ? They may sleep. hut
.I.struction will not. Where are the fundholders of Shef-
field ? Their property will he the very next great lump
which the landed cormorants will th your ; for the contest
letween them and the executive, as to which party s 1 all
levour the taxes, is already begun—witness •he late sF.,y-

togs and doings about the malt cix ! But where are the
great capitalists of Sheffield, our first-class merchants and
,nanufacturera? Why are they not here ? Why did not
they convene this meeting ? If they think they
are not interested in overthrowing the infernal despo
ism of the territorial friends, they will too late discover
their error, when profit is annihilated, and the poor-rates
alone are sufficient to eat out their whole substance. For
ourselves, perhaps, the very best we could do would he, to
let our en, mica finish their work. Why should we try to
save the accursed aristocracy against their will ? Why
should we care for them, or for their still more despicable
imitators—the reptiles who call us rabble—the fag-end of
Cie great vulgar—the paltry dandies, in the puffs of whose
aegars we read apologies for military execution, and the
Stieffield Peterlou? Do the wretches suppo,e we can live
on the air ? They will not let us import corn ; but if to
keep soul and body together, we drink discoloured watcr,
and call it coffee, they tell us we are living on luxuries !
H•arest thou this, oh, outraged God of justice? How long
must we endure intolerable wrongs and the extremity of
insult? Oh, that ere I die, I might see the sturdy beggars beg
heir bread as common beggars ! I would then thank thee, God
of retribution, and welcome my bed of clay. To show
you what a destroyer the bread tax is, I will now brit fly
compare it with the tax on foreign iron. If 20 tons of
foreign iron are daily used here, the duty is a tax of SOL
per day on the trade of Sheffield. It would give a shilling
per day additional wages to 600 workmen ; or, it would
enable 600 Sheffield workmen to compete with 600 fo-
reign workmen, to the amount of a shilling per day—a
matter of some importance in these days of competition,
and yet the whole amount of the tax or, foreign iron is
only a few hundred thousand pounds a-year, while the
corn laws cost and destroy fifty millions ! How, then, can
you expect any relief from the opening of new markets?
Unless you can sell as cheaply as your rivals, these mar-
kets will he opened for them, not for you. Well, then,

blessed with a bread tax loving Ministry, and a corn law
supporting Parliament, you are met to petition the King
to dismiss the one—and I wish I might add, to dissolve
the other—ere twenty millions of human beings be in the
streets without employment, without wages, without fooi,
and without hope."

LORDS' nIITTEES.-It appears from a
Parliamentary Return just printed that the expenses of all
Committees of the House of Lords from 1813 to 1832 in-
clusive amounted to 24,3131. Ss. sd. The year in which
the most expenses were incurred was 1830, on account of
the East Retford Disfranchisement Committee, the cost of
which alone amounted to 9,0171. The Committee on the
Penryn Disfranchisement Bill, in 1828, cost 7,0161., and
that on Irish Tithes, in 1830, 2,5291. The expenses of
these Committees far exceeded those of any other, the ma-
jority of which did not amount to 100/. The most eco-
ooinical Committee was that on compensation to persons
affected by the County Courts Bill, the charges for which
amounted to only 1/. 18s.

Strong remarks are made as to the manner in
which more than one of the many Election Ganmittees
of the present session have been constituted. We trust, if
there is any foundation for this, that the reformed House
of Commons will see the n, ce.sity of removing iiuy
complaints against the mode of exercising its judicial
functions.

AWFUL SUDDEN DEATH.--About half-
past nine o'clock last night, a private of the 4th, or Royal
Irish Dragoons, went into a public house in Dublin street,
and called for a pint of porter, but before he was able to
put it to his lips, he fell back and immediately expired.—
Tipperary Free Press.

A RECIPE FOR THE DESTRUCTION OF
A COUNTRY.—In order to prepare the body politic, and
put it into the best possible order for taking the following
dose, it must be "kept for some time previous to the ad-
ministering of it in considerable heat and agitation."
This will be " greatly promoted" by keeping the "spirits
n a ferment," by exciting opposite and contendittg pas-
sions. The " different sentiments and views of different
friends," some strongly urging one line of conduct, others
proposing one diametrically opposite; one party preaching
patience and submission, t her rousing the spirits
and exciting to revenge : and all urging their opinions
with zeal, with vehemence, and with obstinacy, These dr_
cumstances will greatly contribute to put the patient into the
desired state. Hence will ensue a certain restlessness and dis-
quietude, yet accompanied by indolence and love of ea.,c,
an inclination to change, in hopes that some favourable
circumstance may thence ensue, yet an aversion to
personal exertion in our own behalf, an expectation and
reliance that fate will do for us that which we are unwil-
ling to do for ourselves. No Knight of the Lancet, nor
of the Pestle and Mortar, need ever hope to find a patient
more prepared for his operations, than our patient is
now for complete ruin; 6 ort. self sufficiency. 8
ditto, ignorance or inexperience. 3 ditto, doubt or
indecision. Mix these three ingredients carefully toge-
ther till they are completely amalgam tted and incorporated
,vith each other, then pour them into a quart of mixture,
one part milk, and three parts water, and let it boil well
on a slow fire fur eight hours. In the meantime, you
quarter of an ounce of a powder made up of the following
must carefully fling into the ofr:pr:,epliaoencrysteeisoroy,fn:hcntuaedy:(
candour,
ih.oun(,a),ai
rintrn:,
,ifitry, one
arotd.f
ingredients, all in equal quantity, viz. —pomp,Appancy,
and passion ; after this mixture has boiled for Nome time,
smiles—openness of conduct and gentle
it will be reduced to a thin poor jelly of weak substance !
etnhecit erneevder
paintedsbi yonaes
peoL,nlerayt
c,:ihtsae,
nbpdsee:srfwmsiae
cilneesslo,wwai
man-
ners, from gentle bluid 1 This jelly, though thus sweet-
ened and decorated, will suit but few pa item, it must
be therefore forced down the throats of unwilling pa-
tienas, by great and high sounding professions and assu-
rances—maven then it will not always be quietly taken. In
that case it must be reduced to the shape of and
covered with a double coat of Lafgold. The dose is sure
to take effect, at least several eeninent physicians have as-
sured the they never knew it to fail. It oper,tes at first
gently and kindly—it spreads itself over the wlinleh
soothing its cares and assuaging its pans ; 13,utattet.iow
e
time it weakens and eneivatesprodiyzously
Sion,
ever, its .fleets grow quick,
Pinfal'andt '
trarrible. bein
g
alt ady impaired, the constitution is Cokes
and gripings ensue, and strength
unable to
° the oie
inake any
effectual resistance, till rat last a vu flan' drentety sticeeeds,
and the patients. as PARICZPI. says, go off in a state of
coLLArsx.---Jumasea Paper.
.
