ster Slavery through all the various cunning and plausible dis-
guises under which he conceals himself ; strips them boldly
off ; and drags him forth into broad day-light, so that all
men may see and knew him for what he is. By no living
Statesman could such a momentous subject, involving so
many interests, and so entwined with the holiest feelings of
humanity, one of whose first and most cherished principles
is, that man shall not hold property in his fellow-man—by
no Statesman, we repeat, now existing among us, could
such a subject have been taken up in so sagacious, energetic,
and effective a manner. Lord BROUGHAM'S heart is in the
question ; and as he is not the sort of man to take fright
at shadows, or to be put down by difficulties, but, on the
contrary, to derive from them a fresh stimulus to exertion,
we are convinced that he will not pause in his philanthropic
labours, until he is enabled to proclaim the glorious fact
that Slavery—no matter under what specious disguise it may
lurk—is extinct for ever !

New York papers to the 25th ult. have been received
via Liverpool. The rebel hordes had not attempted to
make a descent in Canada, and, in the opinion of the best-
informed journalists, such a step would only lead to their
destruction. They were lurking somewhere in the vicinity
of Detroit. The Canada Neutrality Bill was still before
Congress ; but though violently opposed by several mem-
bers, it was expected to be carried by a large majority.
The question of slavery again begins to agitate the Ameri-
can public. The Southern or Slave-holding States have
instructed their representatives in Congress to apprise the
Federal Gevornment, that in the event of any measure
being sanctioned to abolish slavery, they will dissolve the
Union. We do not believe that this threat will cool the
zeal of the abolitionists, supported as they are in their
struggles against tyranny by the sympathies of the Christian
world, and the approving testimony of a good conscience.

RATES OF EXCHANGE.—United States Bank Stock, 115 to
1151 in New York, 117 to 1171 in Philadelphia. Cotton is
a shade, a very slight shade, lower. Exchange on London,
sto 54 and 6. Specie, about 3to 3f per cent. (in quantities)
premium. Spanish doubloons, 17 dols. 6 cents. ; Patriot, 16
dols. ; Sovereigns, 5 dols.

The Hanover Gazettes of the 10th and 12th inst. con-
taln the address voted by the States-General to the KING,
with his MAJESTY'S answer thereunto. We have not
space for the insertion of these documents, which fortunately
happens to be of little consequence. The handful of cour-
tiers composing the States-General are mightily pleased
with their KING, and his MAJESTY is as mightily de-
lighted with their love, loyalty, wisdom, and so forth.
In one paragraph of his answer, the King recounts his
warlike achievements in Hanover twenty-five years ago.
This is useful, especially as his MAJESTY'S feats in the field
of Mars have been overlooked by all the historians of that
period. We confess, to our shame, that even we were un-
acquainted with the distinguished soldiership of CUMBER-
LAND before the receipt of the Hanoverian Gazette of the
12th inst.

The latest accounts from Spain hold out not the least
prospect of improvement in that unhappy country. The
present campaign has commenced like all the preceding,
and unless the peasantry and the inhabitants of the large
towns bestir themselves to shake off the incubus that op-
presses them it will end in precisely the same way. A
Carlist chief, the co-adjutor of BASILIO, in his predatory
warfare is said to have been defeated on the 27th ult.,
with the loss of 1,000 men. FLINTER gained a more im-
portant victory some short time previous, but BASILIO
took possession of a strong fort in the meantime, as a
counterbalance to that victory, and the authorities at
Madrid seem determined that he shall have an op-
portunity of gaining a second advantage in order
to keep the balance even. FLINTER has shown too
much spirit and decision to be allowed to fight on fair
terms, and judging from the treatment of NAEVAEZ, we
may safely infer that if he is not killed in battle, he will
soon be superseded by the intrigues of a profligate Court.
It appears that the Minister at War has tried the first ex-
pedient, for he has ordered FLINTER to proceed into La
Mancha, with a small band of some eight hundred men, to
fight BASILIO, who has at least three thousand troops well
disciplined, eager for plunder, and determined, like those
under GoktEz, to make their way into the southern pro-
♦inces. There were plenty of troops at Aranguez, and
other places around Madrid, to reinforce the division un-
der his command ; but these could not be spared—they
must remain to protect that sink of intrigue and corrup-
tion, the capital. FLINTER, in consequence, will
probably be sacrificed, and the host of depredators
will be let loose, to plunder the defenceless towns,
and murder the peasantry of the South. It is evi-
dent also that during the late movements the Minister at
War and the Cabinet have been involved in disputes, and
instead of providing measures to defeat BASILIO, have
been entirely occupied about the division of patronage and
their own selfish interests. There in fact appears no hops
for the country, but from some dire convulsion. The lower
classes in Spain are allowed on all hands to equal, if not
exceed, those of any country in the world. They are
brave—they can endure any fatigue—and have a high
spirit of independence ; yet for the last thirty years they
have been subjected to almost every species of calamity by
the base and treacherous conduct of the superior classes,
and notwithstanding all they have done and suffered are
still in as hopeless a condition as ever. What the result
may be it is impossible to foresee ; but patience has its
limits, and the corrupt Court, and the profligate Generals
and public functionaries who prolong the war for the sake
of plunder, may yet find that they have been adopting the
most effectual means to hasten their own destruction.

Letters from Madrid of the 11th instant, inform us, that
ESPARTERO and the Spanish Government are at logger-
heads. The warlike Count, finding it an easier matter to
bully the Cabinet than beat the Carlists, addressed the
following language to the army of the North, in an " Or-
der of the Day," dated the 2d instant :
" Since the month of September last, I have been unceasing
in my applications to her Majesty's Government to remit money
to the army—if not all that was due, at least all they could, in
order to provide the men and officers with the necessaries of
life ; but to this period they have been deaf to my remon.
strances, and belied their own promises. In like manner, my
demand for shoes, clothing and provisions have been ineffec-
tual ; and I have consequently been compelled to use violence,
and even to compromise my own word, in order that the army
might not be without their rations daily, and able to undertake
the operations which they performed with so much bravery
along the difficult lines of Medianas, earning thereby a crown
of laurels, and liberating many of their worthy companions in
arms who were besieged in Balmaseda."
In answer to this charge, evidently intended as the pre-
cursor of another military change of Ministers by com-
mand of the modern Captain of the Pra3torian Guards, the
Madrid Gazette of the 11th inst. has the following para-
graph :

- .
As it is useful that the country should know the truth, we
are authorized to contradict the presumed neglect of the army;
and in proof of our statements we give the following incon-
trovertible facts :

" 1. In the course of a few days only three millions and
a half of reels in effective money have been transmitted to
the army.
... .

" 2. In like manner, 60,000 pairs of shoes ; 20,000 from
Madrid, 10,000 from Vittoria, and the remaining 30,000 have
been forwarded to the army from Saragossa.
3. In tne months of January and February last 17,000
pairs of pantaloons and 30,000 shirts were sent to the same
army.
4. In conclusion, by recent contracts, and made much to
the advantage of the Treasury, the supply of 75,000 rations
daily has been insured to the army.
" These are facts, and with them we overturn the accusa-
tions, as malignant as they are false.
This, however, is not to say that the army is without
privations—these are both numerous and distressing. Depots
of provisions are wanting ; the hospitals are in a state of de-
plorable destitution ; the men and
in
ffi ocers experience a melan-
choly defalcation
the receipt of their pay; but of these
and other evils, which it is assiduously sought to remedy;
the actual Government are guiltless. The state of affairs on
their accepting office is well known, thanks to the destructive
policy of that very pasty which now accuses others of neglect,
and to the revolutionary movements which this party seeks
again to renew."
Will ESPARTERO once more march his victorious legions
to the Prado, to exhibit himself upon the little nag from
whose back he so recently gave laws to Spain, while seek-
ing by the gracefulness of his curvetings to captivate the
Regent ? If he do not, there can be no hone for him in
the event of Ministers finding themselves so supported as
to be able to do their duty.

The Paris papers of Friday and Saturday have been
received, but they contain very little news of any interest.
In the official columns of the .L'Vfoniteur of Friday we find
the following telegraphic despatch from Spain :

- -
" BAYONNE, MARCH 14.—Brigadier Pardinas surprised the
band of Tallada at Castril, and completely defeated it and
captured all its materiel. Tallada himself was made prisoner
on the 7th by the National Guards of Barran.
"Basilio, reduced to his own forces, was endeavouring to
reach Estremadura."

Letters from Spain state that BASILIO was hotly pur•
