FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

The Gazette de France, dated 9th September,
contains the Russian Bulletins from the 7th to the
11th August, but no particulars but such as were
previously known.
Letters from Alexandria, of the middle of Ju'y,
have been received at Marseilles, which state that
the Viceroy of Egypt had just set at liberty the
Greek prisoners whom he held in slavery. It was
also affirmed, that orders had been sent to Ibrahim
Paella to evacuate the Morea.
(From the Courier Francais.)

PARIS, SEPT. S.—CLANDESTINE BUDGET OF THE
CLERGY.—WC lately published some curious details
of the Budget of the Catholic Clergy, from which
it appeared that since the Restoration, or during fif-
teen years, this Clergy have cost the tax-payers
382,690,000 francs. The sue.-i appropriated to them
in the first year is now tr;pled. For the year 1829
it will amount to nearly 40 millions. This enor-
mous increase of ext!ence has served less to reward
the modestly-rewarded Cures and inferior Members
of the Chw:ch, than to swell the rich emoluments of
the Ecclesiastical Staff. The proportion for the
Cures has only been increased one-fifth ; that for the
aristocratical part of the Clergy, one-third. Two
Cardinals cost annually 10,000 francs, fourteen
Archbishops cost 42.5,000, and sixty-six Bishops
cost yearly 990,000; making a total of 1,565,000
francs. These details appeared erroneous to us, when
the clergy were crying out against persecutions—
were caballing against the civil power, and threaten-
ing the State with embarrassments. We thought
t !at in exc.'oange for such generosity, the Govern-
ment had a right to look for submission. Forty
milVJons divided in such an unequal manner, appeared
to us a decisive reply to the complaints of the
Episcopacy. The prelates must have laughed
heartily at our expense, we were so much out in
our calculations. We estimated their services at
much too low a rate. They could not administer
the souls of France for such a trifle. Their annual
budget, paid by the Treasury, is the smallest part of
their revenue. Under the name of casual they have
been able to create small civil lists, which, by the
favour of Heaven and their industry, are abundant,
and permit them to regard with a disdainful eye the
trifling allowances from the Treasury, which the
profane insolently think exorbitant. The Prccurseur
contains the following account of the sums annually
received by the Prelate, in partibus infi'delium, who
governs the A:chbishop of Lyons :

Franca.
Salary
Addiclon. for the Department of the Rhine 15,000
_ _

10,000
Dit,:b for the Loire

l'roduce of the Expences
Produce of Permissions for Lent, annually about 80,000
Advantage from the Petits Seminaires 25,000
The Sixth of the Seats

Total 227,000

Besides these annual revenues, the Bishop in par-
tibia has got the town to allow him for furniture,
without including the repairs and embellishments of
his Palace, 32,000 francs. Moreover, when he en-
tered on his functions, he found some savings, made
during the vacancy, amounting to 1.50,000 francs.
which were paid to him by the Grand Vicar. This
last item chews that the receipts of the Archbi-
shopric are not absorbed by the expences of the
Central Administration, for a large sum was saved
in a few years. If the amount is incorrect, it is
rather under than over stated ; we see, for example,
that the Chapel of Fourviere is not included, and
this celebrated rendezvous for village piety produces
no trifling revenue. We can only say, with Moliere,
" Les pauvres gem." This war tax, levied on the
faithf,.l, is not enjoyed by a French Prelate, but by
a General of the Army of Ultramontane Occupa-
tion ; a Commissary of the Holy See, an Officer of
the Court of Rome, one of those Bishops in pat-tibia
whom Cardinal Charles of Lorraine called episcopal
►masqueraders, whom Councils have treated as vaga-
bonds, and who were subsequently called moving
or flying Bishops, whom the Assembly of the French
Clergy, in 16.56, rejected from the midst of them,
and who have only been received by our Bishops
since the French Clergy became Jesuitigcd. We
shall conclude by quoting a passage relative to the
Bishop in partibus of Amasia, who exercises his
financial functions at Lyons, from the " Second
Letter from Basilide3, the Greek Bishop of CaristoF,
in Eubcea" _ _ .

" The Bishop in purtibus of Araasia thus conti-
nues, in fact, by industrious devices, Primate of the
Gauls, and lately elevated, by the Jesuitical faction,
to the dignity of Archbishop of the Kingdom, to the
rank of a Peer, he forms with the effective Bishops
of France, who began in partibus as moving or fly•
ing, a strong knot of ultramontane union between
the in partibus, or without dioceses, and the other
bishops who have been placed in their Sees by the
in partibus of Hermopolis and his two predecessors.
It will be understood that I speak of the two almo-
ners, whose dignity, even if they were not Cardi-
involves the necessity of being acquired from
the Court of Rome. Is this what can be called a
French Episcopacy ? and can the Clergy of France,
formed by this Episcopacy, be considered as the
Clergy of the Galilean Church ?"
CADIZ, AUG. 22,—(Private Correspondence.)—
There is no sign of the French troops who occupy
our fortress going away.
Not a single transport has
yet made its appearance. There has lately happened
en event at Port St. Mary's, which has caused some
noise. A French officer of the third regiment, who
:atten n nation,c oni..
had wounded a Spaniard severely in a duel, quar-
relled With another young man of theisp
with whom he had some trifling d
pany. The father of the young Spaniard wishing
to prevent mischief, applied to the French General.
who refused to interfere with private business. The
duel was fought, and the officer shot through tho
heart. The father again went to the General, to
convince him that his son was not the aggressor. 1
know it, replied the General, and your son may go
where he pleases without fear. The business was
more difficult to arrange with the Clergy. The
Bishop would not permit the officer to be buried in
consecrated ground. His resistance was
InotTto he
overcome, and the body was buried at t.
dea-
der°, where in 1893 this officer had game( ae-
Yoration.
(From the Jo:trued des Debuts of Monday.)
PAnts, SEPT. B.—As we announced, no armistice
bat followed the departure of the Emperor Nicholas.
The operations against Varna and Shumla have con-
tinued with energy. The official news front the
former of these two cities conies down as late as the
11th of August, that of the second its late as the Bth.
The plan of the Russians is discovered more than
ever by their late motions. Their efforts against
Varna prove the importance they attach to the pos-
se„ior, of a place which may serve as a sure asylum
for the fleet which is seconding their operation: along
the shore of the Black Sea. A blow of fortunate
boldness appears to have rendered them the masters,
during the night between the 7th and Bth, of a part
of the Turkish flotilla. Fourteen vessels have re-
mained in their power. The bulletin does not men-
tion the names of the vessels: we can, however,
calculate their strength by the number of prisoners
which manned them. Their number is fortptive.
The loss of those vessels is nevertheless a fatal event
for the besieged.
On the side of Shumla the attack has been
slackened. Everything induces the belief that the
position has been acknowledged impregnable. It is,
however, sought to paralyse the movements of the
army which occupies it ; and it is for that purpose
that the numerous reinforcements which have crossed
the Danube have combined. During this period the
advance-guard, commanded by General Rudiger,
seeks to penetrate on the road of Adrianople, while
it watches the movements of the troops of Hussein
racial. But nothing serious can be undertaken
