CORN EXCHANGE, JUNE

Good qualities of New Wheat are in demand on full as good
terms as on Monday. Interior descriptions are quite neglected.
Oats are rather looking upwards. Barley is in short supply,
and higher prices are asked. Beans and Peas remain the same
as on Monday.

ILLtNots.—Letters from Illinois state that
party spirit runs very high in that State, with
respect to a convention for the purpose of intro-
ducing slavery. It is said that both parties are
equally confident of success. Such is the feeling,
that the ordinary intercourse between families
who are divided upon this question is interrupt-
ed.—(New York Paper.)
CAN.: OF GOOD HOPE, MARCH 17.—A few
weeks ago, as three soldiers of the 6th Regiment
were travelling from Fort Beaufort to Wiltshire
Barracks, they were attacked by an elephant,
which came suddenly upon them out of the bush,
and killed one man on the spot. The others
with difficulty escaped.
The Journal of Corsica relates the following
atrocious assassination :—The mayor of a village,
accompanied by his son, was peaceably returning
from a vineyard in which they had been work-
ing, when they were met by ruffians, one of
whom, stepping before the mayor, took aim, and
shot him through the heart. The life of the son
was then attempted, but he jumped over a hedge,
and succeeded in waking his escape, after being
twice stabbed with a stiletto. The two assassins
then returned to their first victim, whose body
they mangled in dreadful manner—scooping
out his eyes, tearing out his tongue, knocking o
his teeth, and cutting off his nose and chin. None
of these parts have been found, and are supposed
to be carried away by the murderers as trophies.
This is said to be the second mayor of the same

village who has been murdered within the last
two years.
FORTUNE TELLING.---On Monday last,. two
gipsy-women entered a chandlers' shop, in Ossulton-street,
Somerstown, kept by R. \Varner, a carpenter, and finding
Mrs. Warner alone, they entered into conversation with her,
and finally undertook to tell her fortune for the small sum of
swo shillings and sixpence, and a further sum of a sovereign
in case of its proving successful; but they could not do it with-
out the help of gold, and they must have 5 sovereigns, which
la vhe la a
bl dere:ruitni , whichts kconcealed,they would seal up in a handkerchief
some
give herself to
keep, and put it under her.
pillow on going to bed, (but that
she was by no means to open it till the next Morning),
and that clueing the night, by the help of their art, she would
wcml
and which had been ,there for
would direct her to a certain place where
she would find a hundred guineas, a gold watch, and
v
above twenty years. Accordingly, Mrs. Warner gave. theist
the five sovereigns, and the fortune-tellers pretended. to
e
seal them up in the handkerchief, which they returned to her,
and having received the half-crown, they took their leave.--
On the expiration of the appointed time, Mrs. Warner open-
ed the charm (net without some suspicion, having' no dream),
and found that the five sovereigns were metamorphosed
into five new farthings, which fully satisfiea her expectations
as to the mone
z watch, ' and trinkets, she was promised to be
directed to. 1 esterday, a description of the two women were
• given at the Police-office, Hatton-garden, in expectation
that it may lead to their apprehension. _ Two or three
other instances of similar frauds, practised by women answer-
ling the same description, has been successfully played in the
• parish of St. Pancras.
There are now living in the parishes of Char-
ing, Great Chart, lloathfield, and Pluckley, five
brothers, by the name of Files, and their united
ages are 406.
FiGIITING.—The following canon was issued
by the Bishop of each diocese in the reign of
William the Conqueror :_it I
...et those who tight
only for hope of a reward know that they ought
to do penance as for murder !"

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts front the Morning Papers, June 24

[NLIV TIMM.)
The news received yesterday from Mexico by
way of New Yorla is, to use a favourite phrase of
3tassachui;3ets, important—if true. For our part,
we candidly confess we very much doubt its
truth ; yet it is not unworthy of notice. The
substance of they statement is, that the Mexican
Congress, avowing themselves incompetent to
govern the new Republic, have determined to
,71:oose a Dictator—that is to say, the very men
who deposed Iturbide as Emperor merely to
establish a free Government, have within a few
months surrendered their liberty to some un-
earned Chieftain, with only a slight variation of
title ! One reason for our doubting this strange
news is, that the project is stated to have been
unanimousry recommended by a Committee of
Congress, and adopted by a majority of that body
early in April. Now advices have been received
from the Mexican capital to the 15th of April,
and from Jalapa to the 19th, which mention no-
thing whatever of this extraordinary revolution.
Iturhicle's movements appear to have been cau-
tiously watched by the governing party in
Mexico : and they have published an ac-
count (true or false) of his communications
with King Ferdinand. According to this state-
ment Iturbide, even while on the throne of
Mexico, was acting with a view to preserve the
sovereignty of that country for a Spanish Prince.
It would be difficult to think him sincere if he were
to put forth such a statement ; but we can easily
believe that he is now engaged in such an under-
taking. Buonaparte's conduct sheaved that a
deposed Emperor can solicit to he employed even
as a mere General ; but that an Emperor on his
throne should employ himself in working to place
another Prince over his head is not very natural.
We are sorry to see, from the Jamaica Papers,
that the new Republic of Colombia is already
setting up pretensions to exclude us from the
Mosquito shore, to whiCh we have something like
a claim of sovereignty ; since the natives, who
never submitted to the Spaniards, formerly placed
themselves under the protection of England. It
is a very early symptom of ambition in Colombia
to set up such an extravagant Pretension!

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The-following Letter was recently addressed
by the French Consul at Bahia, to the President
at the head of the Government in that place,
and its contents convey a partial idea of the po-
licy at present pursued by the Bourbons with re-
gard to Brasil :
" PaEslDEsT—The people of Brazil are endowed
with a remarkable intelligence and wainith of imagination,
but these qualities, so valuable in themselves, require the aid of
a good education, in order to favour their direction and de-
velopment.
" The existing political circumstances, and the want of suit-
able national establishments, force young Brazilians to seek,
among the nations of Europe, that instruction which ages of
study leave accumulated there ; and in the mean while, and
until the Brazilian Government has been able to adopt, with •
regard to public education, institutions worthy of the people
and itself, the Universities of England, Italy, and France, see
the sons of Brazil come to swell the ranks of their scholars, '
and emulate them in their ardour for the sciences, the progress
of which they arc afterwards called to extend on their return to
their own beautiful country.
" Among the latter, several within the last few years have
repaired to France. The Government of the King, seconding
tlle truly liberal intentions of his Majesty, has seen, with the
gr?.atest satisfaction, this inclination on the part of Brazilian
tethers to send their children in search of instruction to the
academies established in the provinces of France, of which
several, such as those of Provence and Languedoc, add to their
estimable plan of instruction the advantage of a climate more
analogous to that of Brazil.
" It is, therefore, with the most lively satisfaction that I have
the honour to announce to your Excellency, that,. in order
to facilitate to such young Brazilians, destined to perform
their studies in France, the means of conveying themselves
thither with economy and security, the Commanders of the
vessels of his Most Christian Majesty who touch in here on
their way to France, are authorised to receive them on board.
I venture to flatter myself that your Excellency will find
in this communication a fresh proof of the true sentiments with
wh;ch the Government of France is animated towards that of
Brazil. "I have the honour to he, &c.
GUINEBAUD, Consul of France.
" Consulate of France at Bahia, March 12, 1824."
