:,(.lerat)it., the -everletsting clifiN tbat tleremieti our
SCA. gtrt isle.--(Shouts of rflottrotts applAtise.)

The next toast was—" The Ladivs." Three

limes thTee.

Sir M. MAXWELL then gave—'' The health of
their N►►ble Chairman,"
Lord F. BENTINCK returned thanks in a short
but appr►►priate spe►•ch•
'Sir M. MAXWELL then retired, atnidbt the plau-
dits of the echoic assembly.
"Tit, rights of the Eluctors, and may they beret he die-
fraiiehiso6 I.py unireral suffrage."—anti •' The memory of the
immortal•i'itt, and may the Ministers of tins country ever
tact on t i priaciples and follow hit exa.ople," were the next
toasts.

" The Wandering Sailor." sling by Mr. Leer, preceded
the last toast; and called turtlt thunders of applause.

'flie health tit 11,. Ellis and the Brother MI iver,. of Slr M.
Maxweil, wlin bad exerttd themselves burin{ the late con-
test, having hero drank with there times thiee,

- Mr. LEEK, in an able sneer'', trimmed thanks
in Ins own name, and in the names of the Gentle-
men comprehended in the last toast, for the ho-
nour they had received. Ile eulogised the private
worth and public virtue of Sir M. Niaxweli—no-
ticed the dltheulties with which his friends had
'Lad to contend on th, hustings, and maintained
that the ch,trge of presumption. brought against
Lis gallant Itiend was sufficiently repelled by the
tact of his having received 2,204 single voles,
and 4,808 altogether. Ile hoped the present
meeting would not he an ephemeral one. lie
thought much good %trunld result from making it
annual. The season WA, now perhaps rather too far
advanced to make it desirable that they shunld
meet again on that day next year. It might be
better that they should celebrate the anniversary.
,of the-first day of the election. lie filially moved,
that a meeting should take i►lace to celebrate and
uphold those principles which they were then as-
sembled to sustain, on the 18th Jupe, the Anni-
sary of the Battle of kVaterloo.
This motion being put to the vote, was unani-
mously carried with loud acclarnatious.

The health of Lord Palmerstuu having been
drank, with three times !Otte,

140 VALMEKSTON returned thanks in a very
animated speech. He congratulated the meeting
upon their numbers and their respectability, and
incited them to perseverance in the cause which
they had undertaken to support.. It was an idle
caluniny flung out against the persons who admi-
nistered the Government of the country, that they
were desirous to establish a despotism. Nothing
could ,be more
_absurd.—(Apphuse.)-11ad they
trot the same interest in the preservation of the
Constitution as any other Members of tire State
if slavery was established would not Omir children
be as liable to be afflicted by it as those of any
other Britons ?—(Applause.)—lt was the interest,
as it must be the desire of all good men, to preserve
the Constitution as it was, and to secure it from
the assaults of the populace.—(Applause.)—Ule
could conceive that tyranny. in any shape,
was most vexatious to a proud spirit ; but
lie knew of no tyranny which %vas so oppres-
sive, so cruel, and so intollerant, as the tyranny
Of an Mint iated rabble.—(Louti applause.)—They
would iboist, indeed, of their love for- the Con-
stitution; but in the end they would trample upon
it, for it was not a Constitution they wanted.—
(Applause )—They would lead on their victims
gradually at.fir,t, hoping that at each snecessive
step they could communicate to them an increased
velocity, until they would be driven to the brink
front whence they might easily be hurled into the
gulf below.—(Greet applause )
The health of the Reverend Mr. Bousfield was
drank, and the Reverend Gentleman returned
thanks.

- The health of Mr. Dawson, the Solicitor, who
bad conducted the Election on the part of Sir M.
Maxwell, was proposed in the most flattering
terms by the Noble Chairman, in a speech, in the
course of which he warmly eulogized the zeal and
ability displayed by Mr. Dawson, in the arrange.
:Dents made under his immediate direction, and the
manner in which the whole Election (under many
disadvantages), had been conducted, to that re.
omit, which, though not every thilig that could be
-wished, was yet a triumph for the friends of the
Consti►ution.

Alr.DawsoN, in a neat and appropriate speech,
detailed the circumstances tinder which the busi-
ness had commenced, and the ditticuties with
which he had subsequently to contend, and re-
turned thanks for tie hobour the Noble Chair-
man and the Gentlemen present had conferred up-
on him by the approbation they bad been pleased
to express of his conduct.
Sir JOHN BERESFORD was then called to the
chair, and the hat mony of the day was kept up
with unabated sprit till midnight.

THEATRICAL REGISTER,
Prr Letst Niffht.
TiIEATRERAYAL,IIAYMAIth;ET.—The Busy Body t Sit Francis
Gripe.. Mr. Terry; Nfiranda, Mrs. Glover. After which,
The Wedoling,flay. To which yeas added, Lock and Key.
TIMATISE 1 OVAL, tOVENT-GARDCV.—Itoh Roy Macgregor :
Francis Osbaldistnne, NB.. Sinclair; Diana Vernon, Miss
Stephens. After which, The Miller Ind his Men.
Tro:ATRE ENaLI sit OPERA, STRAN n.--nachelors'
Wives : Captain Gaylove, Mr. Wrench ; Kelly.
After which, The Bull's Head. To which was added, La
Perouse.
