We have been much gratified to find that the Po-
lish patriots, both in London and Paris, have exhibited
a determination to follow the advige which we lately
tendered to them, to forget their minor differences of
opinion, and to unite cordially in their efforts for the
emancipation of their country. The season of the
year,-most of our leading public men being out of Lon-
don, was unfavourable to the meeting of the exiles
which was held on Monday evening at the Crown and
Anchor Tavern. It is impossible, however, that many
weeks can elapse after the meeting of Parliament with-
out witnessing a public assembly worthy of so noble a
cause, and calculated to give suitable expression to the
sentiments which the Warsaw speech has kindled
throughout every class of our community. The Poles
resident here should look to this. They may depend
upon the ardent sympathies of the Government. They
have many able and warm advocates in both Houses
of the Legislature. The Press of the United King-
dom is, with one or two obscure exceptions, unani-
mous in their favour. They have thus all the ma-
chinery of agitation at their disposal, and in order to
set it actively at work, they have only to enter on
their task with energy, and to pursue it with a reso-
lution to conquer all obstacles. They should com-
municate at once with their friends upon this import-
ant subject, and frame their measures on a scale ade-
quate to the great object which they have in view.
We are almost inclined to forget some of the late
errors of the French Government, in return for
the facilities which they have just afforded to
the Poles in Paris, for the celebration of the me-
morable day when the despotic conduct of Con-
stantine roused the young men of Warsaw to
insurrection. There was no intermeddling of the
police—no restraint imposed on the free utter-
ance of that indignation that heats in the bosom of
every honest man who thinks for a moment of the
-wrongs which Poland has sustained at the hands of
its barbarous conqueror. The exiles assembled openly,
assisted by several persons who have generously taken
up their cause in France ; their place of meeting was
decorated by some fragments of those banners which
they had borne in their late contest against the Auto-
crat, and several eloquent speeches were delivered on
the occasion, which cannot fail to find an echo all
over the civilised world. M. dc Lasteyrie, who
had already distinguished himself by his attach-
ment to their cause; presided ; and, in a few ani-
mated sentences, depicted the hope which lives in
the heart of every Pole, that the day is fast approach-
ing, when the injuries and insults that have been
wantonly heaped upon them by their ferocious master
shall be amply revenged. He praised their constancy
under misfortune—he encouraged theta to persevere
against the taunts of those partisans of the despot, who
represent the future independence of Poland as a
chimera, and even against the indifference of those who
have begun to despair of her fortunes. He described,
in glowing colours, the acts of gross injustice, the
glaring violations of every principle of religion, which
were constantly perpetrated against her by the very
man who affected to reward the solemn obligations of
his oaths, and to clothe' his most infamous ecrees in
the garb of legal order and of Christianity. The Pre-
Nitient was followed by General Ostrowsky, M. Le-
mercier, and General Boltyk.
" The 21)th November," -said the latter, " will be ever
dear to Poland, for it beheld the rising- up of a whole na-
tion ; it was the day on which a handful of brave yonths—
the hope of the:r country—dared to attack in the midst of
his guards, and in the very Chambers of his Palace, the
tyrant who oppressed us, and to hurl a brave defiance
against the chosen troops of tire usurper, who from Pe-
tersburg imposed his yoke on Poland. What could have
inspired those youths with such heroic courage ? The jus-
tice of our cause, and the love of country. Be not de-
ceived, ye nations of Europe ; the interests of Poland are
not mere Polish interests ; the question is of the fate of
all Europe. The dyke once broken down, you will become
the victims of the inundation. Russia is fortifying her-
self on the Vistula.; she is collecting there immense masses
of munitions of war ; her armies are encamped at the
gates of Germany ; she stretches her arm on ono side to
the Sound, on the other to the Dardanelles, menacing at
the same time the north and the south, and pushing her
career of aggrandisement both in Asia and America. Arise
then, people and Governments of Europe, and looking,
forward to your own interests, assist us to re-establish an-
cient Poland! Her cause is yours, and her position can
alone preserve you from the slavery and barbarism prepared
for you by the Muscovites.
" Already public opinion has expressed itself in our favour
in different parts of Europe. While we were engaged in
our memorable struggle, the Hungarians presented petitions
to their Sovereign, requesting him to send
.troops to the
assistance of Poland. Germany, forgetting the absurd pre-
judices which divided the two nations, received with true
friendship our battalions, disarmed, but not defeated, while
we traversed its territory after our fall. The generous
people of Great Britain treated the Polish refugees with
every mark of kindness, and established societies which
everywhere became the interpreters of the sentiments of
that country in support of our cause. Eloquent orators
defend that cause in Parliament, and the French people,
who never permit themselves to be outdone whenever a
great and noble act is to be performed, have received us
with the most frank hospitality, consoled us in our misfor-
tunes, and hailed us by the title of their Northern
Brothers,' while their Representatives have, under all cir-
cumstances, loudly demanded the preservation of our
nationality.
" Let us prepare, therefore, for the secret struggle ;
Poles, who weep beneath the yoke of the Usurper—Poles,
who have been compelled to serve in the very ranks of our
enemies—Poles, who have emigrated to France, England,
Belgium, Spain, Switzerland, and to the distant Americas
—and all you generous nations, Friends of Poland, and all
you patriots of every country—let our rallying word hence-
forward be, " The union cf the civilized communities against
the barbarous IMscovites."

The soul-stirring harangues spoken at these meet-
ings should be translated into the different languages
of- Europe, and, preceded by a concise narrative of the
late revolution, the confiscatory ukases of the Autocrat,
and, above all, his Warsaw manifesto, should be cir-
culated as widely as possible. The funds for this pur-
pose will not be wanted, if judicious steps be taken,
with a view to appeal to those feelings which, at this
moment, prevail in France and England on the sub-
ject. We live in an age when words have more force than
a thousand citadels of Warsaw. Let them be poured
from all sides upon the oppressor, until he be driven
back to his native snows, where, alone, it is meet that
such a heartless, selfish, and furious despot should
be compelled to count the remainder of his days.—
Morning Chronicle.
Had the Meeting recently held at the Freemasons'
Tavern been restricted to its avowed object—the relief
of the distressed Protestant Clergy of Ireland—we
should have considered it as a trifling compensation
offered by those who, in opposing and rejecting the
Irish Church Bill in the last Session, left the minis-
ters of the Irish Church without the means of exist-
ence. This we should deem a partial act of justice,
rather than of charity. But even good may be done
through an evil motive ; and such has been the case in
the present instance. Under cover of raising a sub-
scription for the Irish Clergy, a plot was hatched for
scandalizing the Melbourne Ministry; and, accor-
dingly, the reverend and irreverend speakers, while
professing the deepest sympathy for the Irish clergy,
insinuated the grossest and foulest charges against
the present Ministry, as wishing "to starve the
Protestant religion out of Ireland," under pre-
tence of a reform in the Church. Such was
the language of the Bishop of London, re-echoed
by Sir Robert Inglis in a rabid and frothy rhodomon-
tade, in defiance of those whom he was pleased to call
the enemies of the Protestant religion. The real ene-
mies of the Protestant religion are those who, in their
insatiate and insensate yearning after the things of this
world, are reckless of religion, morality, and common
justice, and expose the Protestant Clergy of Ireland
to destitution and starvation, rather than admit a Re-
form in the Church, which would have secured 75
per cent., and relieved the establishment from the
odiuM and abomination of levying its dues at the point
of the bayonet. Sir Robert Inglis made an attempt
to excite ill-will between the Dissenters and the Ro-
man Catholics of Ireland. " The attack," said he,
against the Irish Clergy, was directed to the over-
throw of the Protestant religion altogether ; and he could
tell the people of England that if any sect of Protestant
Dissenters in this country were to gain ascendancy hare-
land, the hatred which the Roman Catholics had to the
established religion would speedily be transferred to
them. Roman Catholics hated the people of England,
