POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.—A very uncommon charge of felony
was made on Tuesday evening, in the justice-room, after the
LORD MAXOR had finished the list of complaints. A gentle-
man of great respectability, who posaesses three large estates in
Tortola, come into the Justice-room, followed by a young man
of colour,' and Waddington, the Spa-fields advocate of the
rights of man. This little person, who has now more oppor-
tunities of distinguishing himself, as he has ceased " to carry
coals," was struck with a dialogue between the planter and alb
black, in which he heard that magical word " liberty" used,
and listened attentively, in the hope of benefiting that cause.
It appeared that the negro, together with three others, had
been purchased at a very high price, to work upon one of the
planter's estates which lay upon the seashore. A slave adapt-
ed for the duties of a coast plantation must possess more quali-
fications than are required in the ordinary slaves, as the former
must ransack the sea to gratify the palate of his master, and
be versed in the art of sailing, to administer to the amusement
of his imagination. The prisoner was so accomplished, that
120 guineas were given for him, and an equal sum was paid
for each of his three comrades. They had charge of their
master's pleasure-boat, which was fitted up at a great expence.
Between two and three years ago, they took on board a small
quantity of provision, anti set sail in quest of liberty, which
they found in the island of St. Domingo, after encountering
no hardship except that which sprang from their fears of being
overtaken and punished. The prisoner succeeded in getting
employment on board a ship bound to this country, and has
ever sure entertained the highest opinion of the change in his
condition. _ _ _

The planter said, the negro, it was evident, had stolen the
boat, which was, ever since the landing of the runaway slaves,
in the hands of the Government of St. Domingo, as the blacks
could not prove any claim to it.
The Chief Clerk observed, that as it was more than probable
that the only means of escaping from slavery was by that boat,
and as men might be excused for attempting to break their
chains, it would be rather unreasonable to charge the poor
black with robbery, particularly when he certainly had a higher ,
and honourable temptation to run away.
The planter admitted that he could not prove that his slaves
had endeavoured to sell the pleasure-boat, but he had no doubt
of the fact. It was, he thought, exceedingly hard that he
should not only sustain the loss of his slaves, who had cost him
nearly 800/., but that of his boat in which they had thought
proper to take their departure.
Waddington said, the planter had in the street called to
him and other persons who were standing by, to witness that
the black said he had sold the boat. Now, the black had said
no such thing. He merely said that he had left the boat be-
hind him.
The negro here declared, in the most solemn manner, that
he had committed no robbery. He confessed that he did not
care who had the boat after he had got all the service he could
out of it. His only object was to leave slavery, which he
never could patiently endure, particularly since he had com-
munications with, the Lord. "I- was desired by the Lord,"
said he "tobe no slave more. So I took the boat, and we
moved away. I never rob no one ; no, no ; I wanted liberty,
no money, no boat. The Lord told me to take the boat, and I
took it, Our Amighty praised."
The Planter.—And did God Almighty tell you to steal the
boat ? _ . .

The Negro.—No, rio, he did no such thins; nor he not te,
you kissee -Louise one day, and floggee Louise another day.—
Nor he no tell you starve black man and floggee black man
always,. no, no.
The Planter repelled this hint with indignation. He asserted
that his slaves were always treated with the utmost kindness,
and that the prisoner had never the slightest ground for corn.
plaint.
The Negro.—Gor Amighty know I treated bad. He bid
me go. Ibe slave no more. Here the aegro fell down upon
his knees, and returned thanks to God aloud for his liberty.—
lie wanted nothing from any man. He merely asked the con.
tinnance of what he now had, his liberty, and he knew " da
Lor of de City". would not take that from him.
The negro was here asked under what Missionary he had re-
ceived his religious instruction.
He replied, that he
_knew no such, person ass Missionar

but he said he was a Methodist, and believed he should 'be
saved by the word of " Oar Amighty," who advised him to
take to his heels.
The Loan MaTort not being in the haute, the case was
postponed to yesterday.
The negro then appeared, but there was no repetition of the
charge. rite planter had altered his opinion of the transaction,
and written a note to the chief clerk, presenting his compli-
ments, and stating that lie believed the black, in taking the
boat, had no felonious intention ; and that by means of the
poor fellow's affidavit, he would be enabled to recover his plea-
sure boat from the authorities at St. Domingo.
The negro, upon being told that he was at liberty to go
where he pleased, would have fallen upon his knees to give his
blessing to all around, but the gaoler telling him that it would
do standing, he bowed low and raid " Gor Amighty bless you."
BOW-STREET.—Yesterday a man of the name of Isaac
Newton, the proprietor of a place in the Strand, known by the
name of " The IVestininster Central Mart," vulgo, a Register-
office for Servants, was brought before Mr. HALLS. upon a
warrant, charged with assaulting a Mr. Poole, a broker, and
threatening not only to pull his nose, but to throw him out of u
two pair of stairs window. It appeared that Newton had taken
a house in the Strand, nearly opposite his old shop in South-
ampton-street, from a Mr. Adams, of Pickett-street, with a
view to furnish it splendidly, and then let it out in chambers
I:table gentlemen, as a source of very large profit.
furniture, however, was put into the house; a quarter's
rent remained unpaid ; and Mr. Adams employed Mr. Poole
tri'''tooe'ort sdse uiotrain what he could find on the prennaes to pay the
rent. Mr. Poole obeyed his instructions, and found very little,
dbuuctjua man in possession. Subsequent information in.
Mr. Poole to suspect that some of the furniture had been
conveyed away, and he paid rather an early visit the other
morning. about three o'clock, and while Mr. and Mrs. Newton
were In bell, in order if possible to ascertain the fact. In this
inquiry his suspicions became confirmed, and he awoke Mr.
Newton and his wife, telling them the object of his visit. New.
ton got very angry at being thus disturbed, and complained
bitterly that such an intrusion should have been made upon his
wife. However, Mr. Poole was determined to discharge what
he considered his duty. Mrs. Newton dressed herself and got
up ; and Mr. Poole was further confirmed in his opinion as to
part of the furniture having been conveyed away.—Mr. New-
ton here bounced a great deal ; said much of what lie ought to
do, and what he would be justified in doing ; but the assault
being proved, he was held to bail, to answer for it at the next
Sessions.

Mitat.noltOUtrlt STREET.—Mr. Denham, the stationer, in
Regent-street, who, it will be recollected, was one of the prose.
cutors in the case of Mr. William Raniscien Robinson, which
excited so much interest a short time ago, applied yesterday to
Mr. DYER, the sitting Magistrate, for his advice how to act
under the following circumstance.
Mr. Denham said, that ever since the acquittal of young
Robinson he has been annoyed and harrassed, by the most
abusive and scurrilous letters from all parts of England, Ireland,
and Scotland, calling him a perjured villain • telling him that ha
ought to change his name, and give up his Cusiness, or it would
soon give him up ; for that his name stunk all over the country,
and that nothing was left for him but to transport himself and
family to some other chine, for that he never could have peace
in this. Mr. Denham produced a large bundle of these letters,
which were anonymous, and all evidently written by the same
persons, who must Italie taken great pains to scatter them all
over the empire ; some were charged 35., 45., and 55.; some
double and treble letters, and none, the postage of which was
less than a couple of shillings. Mr. Denham said, that he was
well aware these were the proceedings of young Robinson's
friends, and wished to know how he was to act.
Mr. DYER said, that such proceedings, from whatever quar-
ter they emanated, were extremely contemptible, and reflected
more discredit upon the parties concerned, whoever they might
be, than on Mr. Denham, who ought to rest satisfied that he
had honestly performed his duty to the public, and treat such
conduct with the contempt it deserved.
Mr. Denham asked if he should be justified in offering a
reward for the discovery of the writer of these letters ?
Mr. DYER said, that most assuredly he would, if bethought
it worth his while to trouble himself about such paltry pro-
ceedings ; he wits not, of course, bound to pay the postage of
those letters.
Mi. Denham said, he knew that, but he should wish, if
possible, to find out the writer ; and be should certainly make
an effort to do so.
Perhaps it may be some disappointment to the promoters of
this shameful proceeding, to know that the Post-office is bound
to return the postage of all anonymous letters which the receiver
does not think fit to keep.
An elderly female of genteel address, dressed in silks and
oSiwciiltyl;
satins, begged the Magistrate's assistance. Her name was
Iladeock ; she had been married twenty years ago to a medical
practitioner in St. James's parish; but her husband, having
given himself up to dissipation, his affairs became embarrassed,
and ultimately, about seventeenedyfeoar. years since he
tiereenlitisutesdbaansd.s
a
private soldier into the GOth Reginient,theinierinL
quartered
ndinon
ttwhither
h li i,leed asrena proceededtaotlly
professionalutor join
p
rov
iidt, leaving
man,
in London, she had the honour
of being acquainted with the late Lady Liverpool, and in her
distress, applied to her Ladyship for her assistance in bringing
forward a new sort of carpet, of a most beautiful description,
which she had heraelf deeigned, and was entirely the work of
her own hands. . Laddr, Liverpool approved highly of it, and
considered it so beautiful a specimen of female work, that she

recommended her to the notice of the late Princess Charlotte;
and her Royal Highness no sooner saw the carpet, than she
spoke of it in rapturous terms, and referred the applicant
to his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, who,
she said, was the most likely person to forward her
interests, as he had a great taste for those things. The
applicant accordingly waited upon the Duke of Cumberland,
and his Royal Highness did express the greatest delight at the
workmanship and design of the carpet, and gave her an order
upon Mr. Pearson, of the Horse Guards, for 61., with direc-
tions to afford her occasionally what assistance she might re-
quire. Mr. Pearson advanced her various sums, and with this
money and patronage she opened a lodging house in Lakes-
ter-street, which, however did not turn out successful ; giving
it up altogether, she went to reside at Margate, in all.
From this place she wrote a letter to his Royal Highness
the Duke of York, informing him that she had a secret of im-
portance to communicate to him, relative to Mr. Pearson. Tl e
consequence was, that his Royal Highness sent down Sir Ns•
thaniel Conant (then Mr. Conant) and Mr. Pearson himself, to
Margate, to hear the nature oC the communication, but she refus•
ed to confide her secret to the Magistrate, saying that her cow•
munication on the subject should be with his Royal Highness
alone. Sir Nathaniel and his friend Mr. Pearson then retina•
ed to town, and she soon after follovied, intending.to see the
Duke of York himself; bat she hail no sooner arrived at the
Black Bear, in Piccadilly, than Mr. Pearson entered her apart-
ment, and seizing upon her desks and papers, sealed them apt
and carried them off. She made application at Bow-street,
and Mr. Nares, sent an officer to Mr. Pearson's house•to Ie•
cover her papers ; but instead of doing so, the officer, at the
instigation of Mr. Pearson, turned round upon her, and placed
a keeper over her in her own apartments, as a lunatic, and she
was soon after conveyed to a lunatic asylum near Boatel!,
where she was confined for a considerable length of time. Al
length they thought proper to liberate her, but she was the
ruined, and so impoverished that she was compelled to take re'
fuge in St. James's workhouse, with her children, and from
that time to this she has been unable to recover or hear aril.
thing of her papers from Mr. Pearson. Her husband re/
turned home some time ago, broken down by fatigue,
climate, and dissipation, and he also is now in JainelY
workhouse. Her father, the applicant said, had hou
man of respectability in Devonshire, and
which her husband squandered. The gave her 1).
Handsome portion when she was married, the whole "
of her father's property. was in America, and on his dead' Ir.
willed an equal division to his three daughters, and the
cant, with her two sisters, went over to America 10 _ ,fee 10_1.
property, which consisted of 13,000 acres of land, the whole
which they had gone over, and found that on it were golui
copper, and iron, mines, of great value. Indeed, one day the!
were walking over a certain part of the land, and picked
uP
large piece of ore,which turned out to be gold. Now the
object of her present application was to know if the Magistra
to
could assist her in procuring the means of going egolt.„,
America to take possession of her share of the propertYL", r*
greatest part, boel!,
lisps the parish, at their suggestion, would do the neeasu:'',,,l
Sir GEO. FARRANT said that they could do nothing w,..."7„,
seeing the parish-officers. Mr. Chadwell, the OT,erseehrLtWhe
then sent for, and the applicant's request stated to him;
said, that without consulting the Board lie could de nothink.
Sir O. FARRANT inquired of the applicant what sum 5"
thought would be adequate to her purpose ?
She said about 500/., and if Mr. Chadwell would, accolnisgn
her to America, she would pay all expences, and giie the
a " lien" upon the mines. Mr. Chadwell did not seem Intl lw"
ro to accept this proposal and Sir U. Farrant said, that rhlit
some of the great capitalists of the City would specu ate
those mines. It was ultimately, however, agreed that thew
ject should be submitted to the Parish Board, at which *belt
plicant seemed highly pleased, as she has, she said, no dots_
• of success, her sisters having recovered their part of the pi!:
perty. Mr. Chadwell told tile Magistrate, that this female or(
I responded with some of the nobility, who sent her presents 4)
I all descriptions to the NVorichouse.

It is rumoured that the King of SPAIN 134
written to the Emperor ALEXANDER an epistler
which has for its subject the extreme peril arlsiPg
to all paternal Governments, like those of Spain
and Russia, Romelia, and Morocco, from the
wild and boundless liberty enjoyed by the
French nation, under the still floating shreds 504
remnants of their most inauspicious charter ! It
is said, that in this epistle FERDINAND strenUouldl
advises ALEXANDER to do for France, by an 113:
undation of Cossacks, what he complains th"
Louts has not done for Spain by a French Erni
—put down at once is, every vestige and shadow'
of right throughout the dominions of Lowe but
that of the KING to execute against his eabiec!s
whatever mischief the Royal will may- prompt
MAJESTY to undertake. FERDINAND, UMW
letter be a forgery, reports to ALEXANDER that
the French are so unrea3onable as to urge uP°f
him the expediency of giving Spain some sort vt.
representative constitution ; but Chambers, eve
s 4 servile or ineffectual, are not to the tote ~f
this magnanimous Prince. ALEXANDER is trip,
conjured, by his power irresistible, and by his 'or
fathomable wisdom to march an immense
Cossacks against the French nation, which is
be blessed by the establishthent of that Woe nPo,
ternal system which FERDINAND would Petro
tuate beyond the Pyrenees, if only his C°l°
Louts would permit him.—Olorning Paper')

I Or
On Tuesday last a lady arrived in Roc I or,
by one of the Margate coaches., and being too well W cop
tinue her journey to London, a chaise was procured 401.
vey her with all speed to the residence of her sister in C toy
but before she reached the end of her journey she WASAI the
delivered of a fine girl as the chaise proceeded 011114 10
High-street of Chatham. The lady and the infant ere
doing well.

COAL MARKET, SEPT• 1

Sliiis at Market.
18 Newcastle
3 Sunderland

Ships sold
13}

Pnceigi
303 Oa Wo 0
36, 64

--,---_-____
obol'
BIRTHS. . d PII°
On Tuesday last, the 31st ult., - er
D UPP
Esq., of a daughter.
t Al' "
On the 29th ult., the lady of R. I. Nile t
Southernhay, Exeter, of a daughter.
the lady ot Edmun

MARRIED. of DT
rector - if -
On the 31st ult., the Rev. William Aldrich, ,e late
ton, Wiltshire, to Maria, youngest daughter uf '''' :art,
~`•atlinf'~~ Liam Ileysing,Meyer, Esq. .. watlinfl t
Yesterday, at the church of St. Antholm, lop ~,,
Maurice Workman, Esq., surgeon, of Readt2uytvt►+
Sophronia, eldest daughter of the late William wc'
oioef
of Wilsley-green, Cranbrook, Kent.
HaOrnt4Mtr'eeedtr,lerolthYn'
Dag,
Esq., to Caroline, second daughter of Thomas
square, London, Esq.
jthererelysts,inosft.,Baktkthebercochkue,rc,Lv,i oofrcSesolf•roublirear

-------------L---------tEoi.hfina
seOe
atotA)l
htenntntrishlTSp:Liant%upgial:eoilne,mniudde
:Ina
eeys, the,iosdfat y
u,nrot2bit August,
w9flreeit:disn2iogsfosethfsiDmull.tE.
a. t
la
itc
101
erset se
rt :111
Da t the
,liffllnit tv
e JOI°I
Ingiand painful illness, LieutenanWeneral Dunn, ilf be ‘
while living, and whoa losenrsveinwceriyl;llabualmonloann,g:sfngeli.tv:sbrsoy:s'6::::
.10
a
;„ the 0,1 .be
: i
cin
to Slt.uldtlihT:oael2A39.p.iu.t.
htencsotnniotoornr.:r flute e,u'll'sty,w nqt Strand r, aAnca r
ndo
~neosr
Consul
lel! iat,ur
from
Int If : se yt
ir .11
tet iflu:n2 i 99th
esit h ass"
ts- "Ru 0 f ' 0
pTiluaginesa.tthiallmltutro:d, youngest son d Mr. P
t
phiiiit
..)leo4 0,1,
~ r 4.6
ii in-' itt'ae'
JO
Ormond Ego ‘I
' -.-. • .raretage, after a long and psinfoU • „ el
therine, the wife of Mr. W. H. Brind, of Pentonve Wil;e:as
aßtiOdchinnaner, but was Shields,fPosititubnNldic°•;theadileataririgeairnedhdisin"ebell;bkre'irtee‘,l'l 111
age
' ellen 0
and seven o'clock in the evening. He vial a kin;trielle'pe or
ary ever since thyreigiyanenadldr flafeoifudlelry
t.
f
lt,
trul worthy man, of considerable literary atilt Arecil o 0
latelyTeu puzibleished a lea:12111n eo
bthuttelli::ial:cnet.e°lll:ogo'f
—4005
C
sSechireeldt 1, andwrilitaheentol
opfertfiolerrned the a.
....00°

Printed and Published for the PRoPstslolll4...l:.:
Ont
()rms., No. 112, strand, by J. Q. Cesli
