ft 7 tr7¢--z -Tvr,

PLYMOTTTH, tiEPT. l6.—Arrived this tnoanir
the American ship 3cience.,- COC
't. Uhes, with a cargo of, salt, bound to Lisbon,
last from Falmouth ; captured by his Majesty's
schooner Alphea ; also arrived, the William and
Jane, PALMER, from Portsmouth.
Sailed the Foxhound brig- of war, Captain
PARISH, on a crnize in the Channel ; and the ship
Gloria, belonging to this port, for Madeira.

DEAL, SEPT. • 17.--nis Majesty's ship Savage
arrived in the Downs•thiF morning, with five ves-
sels under convoy, from-Quebec ;-s the former re-
mains, and latter sailedlor"the River.

. The lion: East fildia Company's ship Inglis,
Capt. for India, can d6wn from t4e Ricer
this afternoon with the sloop Driver, and will re-
main with the Jane, ALE.<ANDER, for Buenos
Ayres.

•
Arrived his lkiajesty'a. ship Tickle?' from,
Flushing, and sailed again for the same destind-

tion.

POETVOUTII,- SEPT. 17,—Arrived his Majesty's
ship Melpomene from Plymouth ; and the Iphi-
genia fromtbel)owns Spculator, TAYLOR, from
Cork ; awl the Kinkaher, 1.-lAYsd'AN, from .Mor-
laix with baggage.

Sailed th Viper for tlh Downs with a convoy.

~ABERDEE!.4,' SEPT. 14.—Arrived, on Friday
night, the Pomona. The Pombna sailed from this
port on the 2d of August for-Pictou; and on the
23d,' in lat. 4ti. 7. long. 52. 34. then within
days sail of her potty, was taken by the .Decatur
American privateer brig, of 14 earns. The Pomona
was plundered ofropeS, &c. She brings 11
of the crew of the-Duke of ,Favor!, of and from
North Shields to Miramichi, which the;prratctr
had captured and sent for -America. Eighteen
other privateers, besides four 'frigates and two
brigs, had sailed for the BankS of Newfoundland,
cin a cruize, to commence the Ist of August.
GuAnis,Louiz, Aug, 13.—American privateers
are swarming. The- Andromache, bound to St.
Lucie, with 10 •guns and 40 Men, fell in with a
priyateer, of 14 guns and 150 men, and beat her
off, after an engagement of two hours. The mer-
chantman had two men killed, and three or four
wounded. The privateer had destroyed several
vessels. off Martinique. There are two very
strong Privateers off St. Thomas's. All the ships
of 'war are out cruising' except the Dragon, which
is at the Saintes. The weather is extremely bad.
BALTIMORE, JULY 13.—Yesterday morning
our little fleet of privateers gut under weigh from
the Fort. Commodore •BARREY, in the liossie,
led the van ; he was followed by the Nonsuch,
Comet, Globe, Highflyer, and Eagle; the elegant
pilot-boat letter of marque Cora, bound to Bour-
deaux, brought the rear. The,Do/p.hin di-opped
down a few days since. The Torn, Bona, Ame-
rica, Racer, Hornet,. Wasp; and a few more, will-
'sail in about a week

HALIFAX (NOVA SCOTIA), JULY 26.-lis Ma-
,
jesty's'ship Acasta, of 48 guns, Capt.kzua, has
just arrived here, bringing withlier a remarkably
fine American,
.privateer, the Curlew, of 20 guns,
and upwards,of 200 men, which she captured on
the'l9th off Sable Island, after giving her a feW
shots, by which she had five men killed and tv,7o
wounded.. The Acasta had one man and a boy
wounded. She 'expects to sail again to-morrow,
on a cruize off the Bermudas.

,
NAVAL- PiioMOTioNS.—Captainj. Brist.mne, to
comMantl the Pembroke., of .74 guns,: fitting at Woolwich.
Copt. H. E. R. Baker, to the Dannemark, . in the room of
Capt. Bissett; removed to the Royal Sovereign, of 110 ghtv,
crazing. in the Channel.. Capt.J. to the Arab, anew
sloop,. fitting at Chatham. Lieuts. it. Shect, 3../Studdert, E.
Purcell, and W: E. Fiott, to the Chatham (from the Nlarlho-
rough). Lieut. John P. Baker, to the Barham. Of 74 guns, in,
the Downs. Mr:J.Slatter, to be Purser of the Jaseur,a Sloop
building. Capt. C: H. Reid, to the Fervent sloop, at Ports-
mouth. Lieut. J. Smith, to the Pembroke, of 74 guns, fitting.
at WoolWich.. Lieut: W. Fitzmaurice, to the Magicienue fn
gate, fitting at Portsmouth.. Lieut. R. Helpinan, to the Fairy
stoop, fitting at Plymouth... Lieut. W. H. Rowlinsou, to the
Wasp sloop. Capt. E. Grey, to the Fairy sloop. Lieut. J.
Iladiet, to the Success troop-ship, fittitigat CliafAam.
W. B. Bigland, 'to. he Flag--Lieutenant to Rear-Admiral
Cockburn, in, the Marlborough, Of 74 guns. Lientenant W.
Cobbe, to the Poictiers, of 74 guns. Lieut. P. Grace„ to
the_St. Domingo.' Lieut: G. R. Douglas, to the Surveillante.
Lieut. J. 1-I_. Hughes,. to the Mackerel schooner. Lieut. T.
Trimmer, to the Muigrave, of 74 guns, fitting a.t Chatham.
Lieut. H. F. Y. Pue,son, to the Bramble ,cliootter. Lieut.
G. Fairless, to•the Cherokee sloop, at Leith. Mr. H. Tucker,
Midshipman of the .Centaur, to be Lieutenant of her. Lieut.
T. Day; to flee Atalante sloop, fitting at:Portranouth. Lieut.
• E. Wl;yte, to the. Horatio frigate„.Off the Scheldt. Lieut. H.
Belsey, ti the Bold slOop, at Portsmouth. My, J. Pond,
Midshipman, promoted to the rank of Lieutenant. Lieut. C.
H. Searle, to the War-Spite,- of •74 guns, cruizin-g off WeSt
Capel. Lieut. J. S. Fletcher, to the Cherokee sloop, at Leith.
Mr. James Purser of the Trinculo, to be Purser of the
Swan sloop. Mr.. 8: Wilcox, to be Purser of the Apelles
•
sloop, fitting at Sheerness.

Lord NIAT.PAS, the son of Earl CHOLNIONDELEY,
~t ho lately inarried.Miss CAMPBELL, at: Gibraltar,
is expected soon to return, to this country. %V
hope there is no truth in the report that :he had
declared himself a convert to the ChUrch of
Rome,

- .
GOVERNMENT LIFE `ANNUITIES.--Rates upon
`.which Government are now granting Life Annui-
ties :-.-TheY are payable half-yearly at the Bank
of Finland, the same as the Dividends, and may
he received‘by Power of Attorney.: /
'When -81. per Cents.-are 69 and under 60,
For 10(11. of ' Average Nate
• , - 31. peecent.Stoek. forl 001.1IOney.
A Single Life of 35 .. receives.: 44 11 ' ,C 7 1?. 11
40•
' - 45 ,
5 a
5,9
65
•
60
65
• , 70
• ,-- , 75 and upwards 11 8
All the intermediate Ages will receive in proportion.
Annuities are granted on Joint Lives also.
. ' PartiCat,lrs' May be had. (gratis) at the Go-
Veinni.eut _Life Annuity office, Bank-street ; or by
Ivritin, in the ‘.` Superinten4ut,"
.if.the postage
be i:i.';.!::. . . .

Lettets f oie enellar tn 3 Madrid, of the .2'76
ult. Are said to mention, that the Marquis of Wet.-
LINGTON had •reinforced General CI:IN-Tow, At
Cuellar, with the 42d and B2d regiments; and no
crouht was entertained, of q
.the General being abl
to keep the remains of ArAEMONT'S army in COfil••
I.)lte check: Our troops,. from' the great exer-
tAis made, wanted a little rest before they 1.e.!.
.counneneed.very active :operations ; but that part
of the enemy's army which they had driven before
thein, requiredrest fully as =air. General lIILL
was at hiaortrier position on the 24th ult. Co-
lonel SpRLING, of the 42d, has been appointed te,
the command of a brigade. Other accounts.whieh
we have'seen, state; that BONNET.had crossed the
'Pisuerga between Palencia, and Valladolid,
,and
was watching the force under General CLINTOIg,
till MASSENA should join. f
• DOV-ER. ,SEPT. 16.--i--Nothing has arrived from
Prance ,either to' strengthen the. report brought
by the DaniSh brig. or to invalidate it. I have
used every endeavour to get at the truth, but
without any certainty. Orie gentleman, however,
who seems to be' ti person of veracity,. *tells' me,
that theSuccessof the French in. gussia is very
doubtful : it is certain that they haze lost several..
thousand men, and many "good officers, and that
Buoaaparte bad a Very narrow escape in one of
the late actions of being -taken prisoner; being;
rescued by one,ot his Generals after he had been
surrounded, and several of his Staff. '•'.i'..e•country,
of France, he adds, is very poor, th' _people. far
from beinghappy, scarce a familylyo has lost tsvcr'
or three sons, and the day he left Fiance a con-
scription• of P 30,000 men was voted, but it ,
known where tiley will. be ;:o t-, as airea 'y in
France thereare five women to one oat,, ~uA tie
streets and publicroads are 6i-tinged with .)trf,glirs
,und mutilated soldiers. No dares talk
of ttle state of the war, pari cularly
mies in Spain. One of our boats, has latel.y.re,-
turned from France without her Ciptr.in, he
ing, it is said, been stopped for ine.,:ioaiig
isi-
public company the victory of Salamanca by Lark •
Wellington over Marmont. lam sorry, however,
to learn that the shameful practice 4f ca;-1-Yits,- ortr•
French Wicers who have broken their parole stilt
ex'qq. ti:;eii ral who lately broke his
stated to have been- brought over to

.P

ni:lce by a boat, and to have paid 500 guineas'
for his passage. Swarms of privateers are fitting:
out both at Calais and Boulogne; no rejoicing
has taken place in France since, my last ;
therefore, still inclined to believe -that no impor-
tant success has been obtained -over the Itubsiaas
by the French.

THE THEATRE.—After the Comedy of Mgt:
School of Reform, .the Burietta of Midas was
rived last night at-Covent-Garden Theatre.L—The
scenery was beautiful, particularly the Court of
Jupiter, the arrangement of the Deities, and all.
accessary embellishments. The whole present. A.
a fiiie coup The characters were weli
Iotted.—SINCLAIR sung the alp in the part-of
Apollo with great ability, and was properly en-
conred in " Pray,, Goody moderate." .11i,,it.ts wo
performed by LISTON, but it is. not a part calcl-
lated .to givescope to his peculiar humour, though
he made it very conpicuous in the piece Emnut
was adMirable in Pan; FA',N;CETT and Mrs. Lxs
"FON were spirited in Sileno and J.}./ysis, and so war
Miss BOLTON in Nysa. The piece • was very \veil
received.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF THE INSURRECTION Ott-

THE FRENCH PRISONERS AT DARTMOOR. •:
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 15.—1 t appears that the
prisoners had worked themselves up to the highesc
pitch of rage at being allowed no more than, 00'
pound of biscuit per day. The use of biscuit, it
is to be 'observed, waS to be. discontinued as -sboti
as the bake-house had been rebuilt ; but the
Frenchmen were absolutely deaf to reniontrances:
A detachment of the Cheshire Militia; and the,,,
South Gloucester Regiment, were drawn -up 00.,
the walls surrounding the prison,; and, a,ltborigiP
they hac: loaded their pieces with hAI,
,the
sowers appeared 'undaunted, and insulted thesn
.
the grossest terms : indeed, our brave men wr n,;•
stood tlie contumelious, language of the prisoners
with a patience beyond all praise. A sentinel co
duty, called Jones, had his bayonet wrenched (4',:
his piece, yet nobly reserved- ins fim : Ofriceri,,
however, followed the Frepchman, struck
over the' shoulder with sword, and brought PIV
the bayonet. The,. Frenchmen even- bared tneit;
b- 5,,-men ,FAr.!),t,; vr

,reacts.. to-.the troops, atia seemee regarines_
Onger. ..The number of prisoners is about 750
and so menacing was their conduct that an express
was sent off to Plymouth-dock, at eleven
on Sunday night, soliciting immediate assistane•
Three pieces of
.artillery (six-pounders) were ii?-
Consequence sent Of, early on Monday morning
and on their arrival at the principal gate (iron),--
the bars of which, of immense size; had been pre..-.
viontly broken by stones hurled against thein IK2
the insurgents, they were placed in such direction;
as completely to command the whole of the',
Circle which the prison describes. This had tb°'.`
desired effect, and. order was restored.—lt is to be'.
noticed, that the -allowance of bread, at %Odell'
these deluded mew hive so imiit.,nantly spurned::
is precisely the nine as that which served.ol-11`,
to our own gallant. Sailors and amines.. 11'":i
prisoners at Dartmoor have also .been allowed
go out _by parties to Work in the surrotndiugy:
country; but their conduct at the Depot, as v:el
as on board the priSon-sidos at Hamoaze; 11'15
always been very irregularcbmplaining
there was no reasonable ground of complaint,
Suiting the 4nglish Qaicers, throwing meat
vegetables to the ground or into the sea, whice
were of prime quality, and Which would hay •
Been highly prized Meet' by our own sufferi9s
peasantry. _ • gt
The Court- Martial Which has "been itch' e
Chatham on the soldiers who refused to cross
Ferry at Sheecness, (as we stated some time agq
sentenced each of :the delinquents'to receive 3,
lashes, Nine-of these men weressent to Sheerness'
where General LA-wsoN had arrived, and_ the-se:J.O,
tepee was to\be carried into execution ; but ate
the f-,_)rmsusual on such occasions had passed, 5
offenders were informed that his Royal Highlle;(l'
the PRINCE REGENT had been pleased to esterere
his Royal clemency to them, and that "they %
pardoned. An impressive exhortation, bu‘celbeir
was addressed to them on the enormity of t
crime,`and they evinced contrition for their of
feuccio as well azdgratitude for their pardou•

F/117.CCTI PAPERS:

FIFTEENTH BULLETIN OF THE GRAND .4kR11,II:l.
. • . Slawliovo, Aug. 27.

" The Genetial of Division Zavoncheick, who
commanded a Polish division at the battle of Smo-
lensk, was wounded. The behaviour of the Po-
lish corps at Smolensk "astonished the Russians,
'olio used to despise them. They were struck
with their steaclines4 and the superiority which
they displayed oVer themselves.
"M the battles Of Smolensk and Valentian, the
enemy lost twenty Generalskilled, wounded, or
taken, and a very great rnimber of Officers. The
number of men .killed, taken, or wounded on these
occasions may, amount to fiom 25 to 30,000 men.
" On the day after the battle of Valentina his
Majesty gave the 12th and 2lst regiments.of in-
fantry of the line, and the 7th regiment of light
infantry a number of decorations of the Legion. of
IronourAo be bestowed on the Capt:tins, Lieu-
tenants, Subalterns, and Soldiers. The selections
were made on the field, in a circle before the On-
peror, and were confirmed with acclamations by
the troops. The following are the names of those
Who obtained this honourable distinction :
[Here follows a list of the respective indivi=
duals.]
Number of decorations granted :—To the
12th regiment 30, the `'lst 25, and 7th light 32,
total F 7.

" The enemy's army, in retiring, burn the
brid
--ges and destroy the roads, in order to retard
the march of the French army as much as possible.
thl the 21st they bad re-passed the Borysthenes
at Slob-Pniwa, always closely followed by our
advanced guard.
The commercial establishments •at ,Smolensk

were quite untoucl4ed on the Borystbenes; in a
fine §uhurb, to Nviiir,l the Russian§ set fire, for the
6°le purpose of retarding our,tuarch a single hour.
Never Was war conducted with so much intinma
T4ty. The Russians treat their own country as
they Would.that of an enemy. The country iS fine,
• _
and abundantly supplied with every. thing. The
roads are admirable,

`,• Marshal the. Duke 'of Tarentum continues to
-de-t
loy Dunabourg. The wooden materials, pa-
lisades, &c. which were immense, served to make
feux-de-joie in ,honourof the 15th
.of 'August.
" Prince Schwartzenberg writes front Ossiati,
Oil the 17th, that his advanced guard has parsued
thf‘
erterny on the road to Divin, that he has taken
wsorne hundreds of prisOners, and obliged the enemy
to boat- his baggage. General *Bianchi, how-
'ver, 'who commands- the advanced- gnard, has
succeeded in seizing SOO bagglige-waggons which
the enemy could neither carry off nor destroy.—
The Russian army, under Tm oaSsow, has lost al-
,
;')•ast all its baggage.
The equipage for the siege of Riga has begun
to move from ,Tilsit for the Dwina.
" General St. Cyr has taken a position on the
b.rissa• Tlle rout of the enemy-at the battle of
ll'f*stk on the 18th was complete. . The 'brave
Bavarian General Deroywas Wounded on the field
of honour at the age of 72, after nearly 60 years!.
lervice. His Majesty has nominated:him a Count
41' the Empire, with a revenue of' 30,060 francs.
er6 Bavarian corps behaved with much bravery.
Ills Majesty has granted it reitards and honours.'
" T'l enemy gave out -tliat he would make a
stand at DoroghObouj. • He had, according to
custom, thrown up earth and constructed bat-
ter'
, 'es. The army having -shewn itself in order of
natfi
e, the Emperor repaired thither;- but the
enci ,
s General.thought better of it—beat a re-
tr
cat----and abandoned Doroghobouj, a, city eon-
ta
'fling ten, thousand SoulS, and eight steeples.
le, I
-4-quarters were 'there on the 26th,. and on the
tQth at Slawkovo. The advanced guard is close
Miasma.
1 `` The Viceroy manoeuvres on the left, at two
eagues from Ore great, road, the Prince of
kinuhl on
.the great road, and Prince Por.a7
t(h,,
"ki on the left bank of .the
e The capture of Smolensk appears to have had
4
sad effect.on the spirits of the Russians. It was
called
- Li Smolensk-the-sacred; Smolensk-the-Strong;
the k
- .cy of Moscow; besides a thousand other coin-,
14" sayings: Whoever has Smolensk 'has Mos'cow
laY the peasants.
, •
The beat is excessive , it has not rained for''a
•-•`ionth.
~
30,"r, I.lle Duke of Belluno, with the 9th, corps,
0 men stroller has set out from Tilsit for
411
This corps is to form the reserve."

tIPSIU, AUG. 30.—The appeal to -the Ger-
bY the Russian General Barclay dp Tolly, has
jus genefally received, in Saxony, with the
W'. indignation which it mre,texcite in t4e breast
Levery honest man. Fidelity, love- of duty, and
ti:P-ci.nnent to our Sovereigns, have been, at all
elles, distinctive and honourable traits in ilur cha-
lit'r ; "and shall we be "capable of belying these
tbracteristics, by expecting felicity or national.
tie fiber
from Russia ? We obey, with full_ con&
Anee, the orders of oar august Sovereign and
r fight by, the sick of the armies of his",great
mivinced by experience that our wise
1141'4 has uertr led us into _error.

We declare, With gratitude, that it is to him and
to his virtues that we owe the preSe;rvation of our
national existence, notwithstanding the storms by
which it has been often endangered; and we give
yourselves to his pleasure, with a firm confidence
in '.vhat regards our Ifutui-e happiness. At the
smile time, we combat in behalf of a brave nstion,
allied with us froth time immemorial—the Pops';
.a,,people'distiuguished •by their patriotism-, and
fOrmidable for their valour. Their stake in the
contest is their honour and. their, existence as a
nation ; our's is the preservation of advantages,
which renders us so happy, that there is nothing
which we have to envy any where else; either in
point of comfort, liberty, intelligence, the admi-
nistration of justice, industry, security of prpperty,
and every thing that can contribute to the national
prosperity.

AfUNICII, SEPT. Bavarian Officer has
written the following reply "to the Proclamation of
Gen. 'folly . ,
Your-appeal to the ,Germans: has excited the
Surprised -and indignatiOn of the- Bavarian armY:
flow could the War NI inister of- a great- nation put
his name to a libel so infamous ? Europe thought
that the time was past when Unbridled demagogues
publicly invited the subjects of other States to-re-
volt against legitimate authority :` Does it become
you, Sir; to recal the remembrance of theSe revo-
lutionists,•or to vie with them iii offensive 'lan-
guage? In truth, . you, or your superiors, -are
very ill-informed of the lane situation of Europe.
My -countrymen are as indignant at your appeal as
I am.

All. Bavarians will reply to you,—We are
neither slaves nor the unfortunate instruments of
foreign ambition :---;we have-- been fOr.ages the sub-
jects of one of the ancient houses of• Princes, who
govern us with mildness and wisdom. The Go-
vernment, enlightened as to its. true interests,
freely associates in the grand league against Russia;
it is a fruit of its previous accession to.the Confe-
dpration yf the Rhine, which you tfireatened by
assemblages of troops, and of your opposition to
the Continental system, IVhich can alone save
Europe from commercial slavery to England:'
&c. &c.

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.—ThiS beautiful struc-
ture was last night lighted up for the
.purpose of.
Judging of the disposition:of the lamps, \and the
effect of, the deCOrations, scenery, &c. &c. The
-t fee tiers of boXes, :varied in slope to form a
pleasing relief, are lined _with scarlet, and Sky-
blue cielings, end their fronts variously painted
and gilded, so as to produce the most brilliant ef-
fect. he Parxch Rho-v:4's hox is the farthest
on the right .band of the audiene, and that of the
Duke of BEDFORD is hinnediately opposite. A
narrow - next to the Prince, is set apart for
Mrs. GARRICK, as her right for•life„and a similar
one on, the 9-ther side, as being the property of the
Duke of DEVONSHIRE.. The Stage -is supported
:by two Scaglioli Corinthian pillars, whose Capitals
are richly gilded, and with a golden tripod lamp-
standing on each' side, where Stage-doors appear
on other-Theatres, which are here altogether dis-
pensed with. When the spectators had been
gratified with this part of the spectacle, the cur-
tain drew up, and gave them, a charming display
of scenery,, which they applaudedin -succession,
• as a just tribute to the animated pencil of the ar
Ci tist (Mr. REENWOOD); who produced- them.
_There Were seven or eight, 'exhibited, of which, 'a
perspective Landscape with
,Water, a Piazza, a
Sea-port, al Prison Scene, and:the Market Cross of
Glastonbury, were the most striking. 'Pie Draw-
ing-rOom scenes were also. Much 'admired ; but
perhaps an objection 'may. lie against their being
all fitted up with thesaine rouge-eoloured hang-
ings, The shifting of' the wings of all the see-
nery is upon a new prineiple, after the manner of
the iron, railways, by which they are uniformly
worked, and with great facility. The who'fe ex-
hibition afforded the greatest satisfaction to.all
Who partook of it. • _
The 'whole of Drury-lane Theatre, it is said, is
to be faced with stucco, .as soon as pecuniary
sources will admit: The beauty of the edifice
Will be much increased .by this addition, for-ele-
gant as the exterioris,it certainly haS a pie-balled
aspect at present, appearing partly brick and part-
ly. stone. - ,
• BANNISTER is to follow ELLISTON at Chelten-
harn,. and they are bnth. engaged, for the new
theatre, Drury-lane. The former is to, speak the
intended Address, if one .should be found among
the various contributions worthy of Theoccasion.
It has been liberally proposed that the profits
of the first night, at the new Drury-lane Theatre,
should\ be devoted to the' widows and, orphans of
the gallant men:who fell in the glorious battle of
Salamanca. This would. indeed" be a noble com-
mencement of the season, and.on such an occa-
sion,,public curiosity would be animated by pa-
triotic pride aad gratitude. Stich- 'an ap'propria-
lion of the profits is the more proper, as we leaTn
with regret, that the Patriotic Fund at Lloyd's,
an Institution in the highest degree honourable
to the country, has not been so :%varnaly support-
ed. upon this-occasiOn.as 'upon . others, not more
glorious in their nature, or important in their con-
sequeuees,-_ _

It is.said that seventy-nine Addresses for the
opening of Drury-lane Theatre, have been sent to
the' Committee, of Managers. Considering that
the present may be' deemed the Agc of Scribbling,
_is is surprizin that the number was not much
greater.

:1(0,-.9nciay afternoon, as
.tWoi young Gentlemen,
about- twelve years old, one-of them, the son of
General Dcsbrisay, .of the "{bpi Artillery, the
other of William Webber, Esq. of Exmouth, were
bathing in the sea at that
,place, they were car-
ried out a .considerable distance by the tide, and
both disappeared. Assistance was soon procured,
and the bodies taken up the son of Mr. Webber
was fortunately restored, but the son of General
'D. we are sorry to' add, was past recovery, every
means -of resuscitation .having been used in vain.
It is supposed his strength mast have been 'ex-
hausted, and his life gone before be sunk, as he,
WUs not passing ten, minutes under water before a
Waterman; named Samuel klrieltnell, leaped from
a -boat,„ancl in less,than a thinute.brought him up
frOm a depth of 20. feet water: The rave and
hamane conduct of -this intrepid man deserves
every praise, and justly entitles him to a liberal
reivard. - •

POETRY;

kanrM parks Anglois Eli: sera janaais pHs,

DiS,,;ie.otbiercertains esprits, -
La chose nullemeut ne nous par6ii posible. • ,
Jour Juni, rcprit ciu.El.4tfun, j'cn serv;s peu surpris,
Car je crois ferinernent que PAnglois invincible
02414 liar Wir.u.t.iNnToN petit fr,ire
J. R.
