EVENING EDITION.

people entertain, and with the most perfect truth,
that the details of the Union constituted a transac-
tion (for it was neither ba-gain nor contract) of the
most outrageously unjust nature. With a popula-
tion of one-third of the empire, the Irish did not
obtain one-sixth of the representatives. This injus-
tice enters like iron into the soul, and brands slavery
upon the sensitive mind of Ireland. The young blood
of Ireland will boil in a struggle to get rid of this
insulting injustice.
Fourthly—The fourth cause of hope is to be
found in the financial or pecuniary iniquity of the
Union. After a connection with England of up-
wards of 600 years, Ireland at the time of the Union
owed, as a national debt, less than twenty millions,
whilst England owed more than 440 millions. If
there had been any thing like one particle of common
honesty in the 'Union arrangement, the relative
proportions of the debts would have remained the
same in perpetuity, with power to either party to
pay off its own proportion. If that had been so,
how easily might Ireland, like America, or like
Norway, have freed herself before now from her
share of the burden. But mark the difference. The
Irish debt has been consolidated with the English,
and thus has Ireland, by the Union and its work-
ings, been pkdged for the thousand millions of debt
due by Great Britain, contracted by Toryism ; con-
tinued, and rendered doubly burthensome, by the
ravenous injustice of the moneyed interest. I do
believe that the party called in England " moneyed
interest" sustain, as a party, the most cruel princi-
ple that ever inflicted injustice, poverty, and
wretchedness upon a people. The struggle of
that party is to obtain in gold the interest of a
debt contracted in paper l—a party having for its
first and unrelenting object to obtain in gold the
typical " pound of flesh" of the Jew, and who
afford an excuse for the Corn-laws, and create nine-
' tenths of the misery of the working classes. In
their avarice this party is blind to the unwise and
absurd iniquity of England in refusing to make
the Union a real one, by the identification of
rights, privileges, and franchises between the Irish
and English people. That refusal it is which
has driven us to seek for the repeal. I should not
conceal from you that in the first instance, and in
the beginning of our struggle for the repeal, the
moneyed interests of England, fearing for the security
of the debt, in the event of an equitable adjustment
between England and Ireland, would be among the
most active and vigilant enemies of repeal ; but it
must be recollected that a counter stimulant—that
is, a stimulant to get rid of an unjust burden of
debt—would operate upon the universal mind of
Ireland ; and, as the hope of success in the repeal
agitation became vivid, the mere prospect of being
released from a weighty and otherwise permanent
burden would give additional strength and daily
increasing energy to the struggle of the Irish for
repeal.
Fifthly—The repeal agitation, once well set on
foot, will have the doctrine of chances in its favour.
England could not possibly go to war without
being compelled to come to terms with Ireland
upon this subject. A prize-fighter might just as
well combat in the ring with his right arm tied up
as England to go to war while Ireland is justly
discontented.—(Cheers.) Again, the next great
convulsion in Europe—and who is there that can.
not perceive the volcanic elements in almost every
State on the European continent ?—come when it
may (and that it will come at no great distance of
time is to the last degree probable)—a political
convulsion in any of the great kingdoms of conti-
nental Europe will so shake the social frame that
the British Government will be reduced, as it has
been on three or four former occasions, to pur-
chase the support and sympathy of the Irish people
by some great act of political justice, which, in the
present case, could only be by the tranquil and
amicable restoration of our native Parliament.
