ANA COMY.

Gold Medal
First Silver ditto Mr. John Taylor, Huddersfield.
Second ditto
PRACTICAL ANATOMY.
Gold Medal Mr. Wm. Baly, Lyme Regis.
First Silver ditto
Second ditto
MA PERIA MEDICA AND THERAPEUTICS.
Gold Medal Mr. John Taylor, Huddersfield.
First Silver ditto Mr. Wm. Moorhead, Dungannon.
Second ditto
PRACTICE OF MEDICINE.

Gold Medal
First Silver ditto Mr. M. Foster, Holywell, Beds.
Second ditto Mr. Wm. Baly, Lyme Regis.
SURGERY.
Gold Medal
First Silver ditto Mr. Rot. R. Cheyne, London.
Second ditto
IMIDWIF ER Y.
Gold Medal
First Silver ditto Mr. H. F. Hopkinson, Springdale,
Yorkshire.
Second ditto Mr. Samuel Hadwen, Lutterworth.
CH Y MISTRY.

Gold Medal
First Silver ditto Mr. F. Rogers, Windsor.
Second ditto Mr. A. J. Dixon, Hovinghaua.
COMP. ANATOMY.
Gold Medal
Silver ditto.
McMEDICAL.JERISITUDgpoNCE. -

Prize Y Mr, M, Foster, Holywell.
BOTANY.
Gold Medal
Silver ditto Mr. It. Harris, London.

It was stated that great difficulty was experienced
in many cases, in awarding the premiums, and that
in several of them certificates of honour were given,
It was al-o announced that the B,itanical 51edul
annually given by the Apothecaries' Hall, has been
obtained for the last three years by students of the
University—an announcement which was loudly
cheered.
The distribution of the prizes being concluded—
Lord J. RUSSELL rose, and said that he had ex-
perienced much gratification in presiding on an oc-
casion of such interest and importance, and he sin-
cerely hoped that the public approbation which the
successful students had this day received would not
only be a means of ushering them with cred;t and
fair prospects into the several branches of active
professional employe eut to which they had
attached themselves, but also of inducing other stu-
dents who had not been so fortunate as to obtain
public honours to emulate their fellows 07,1 a future
occasion. His Lordship alluded to the important
duties which the members of the medical profession
were especially called upon to fulfil ; and he trusted
chat the gentlemen wino might be prepared At this
University, would be distinguished 'oy their atten-
tion and their zeal tcwr4ds mitigating those diseases
to which their fellow creatures were subject. The
Noble Lord then passed a high panegyric upon a
distinguished individual (Lord Brougham), who
had aided so powerfully in the establishment of this
Institution, and he concluded by expressing a con-
viction, that notwithstanding the paltry calumnies
by which the University had been at first assailed,
it would yet be as eminent as any other in the
world, for its. endeavours to disseminate knowledge
arid virtue among mankind.
The Noble Lord (who was repeatedly cheered
during the delivery of his address), having con-

A discussion then ensued, and several amendmen's were
proposed to be made for adjourning the question, printing
the Bill, &c., which were overruled, as tending to annul
the Resolutions of the previous Courts; and, after a very
lengthened debate, the first clause of the Bill was read, and
upon the question being put, that the same should stand
part of the measure, the Lord Mayor declared the same
carried.

A division was thereupon demanded, and the tellers re—
ported the numbers to be :—For the clause 6 Aldermen,
62 commoners, 2 tellers-70 ; against it 75 commoners,
2 tellers-77 ; making a majority of 7 against the clause,
whereupon the Bill was lost.

RANTERS. The sect calling themselves
Primitive Methodists, on Sunday last held a camp meet-
ing, in a meadow at Nobler Hill, near Reading. An as-
semblage of between 2,000 and 3,000 persons was col-
lected, and while these deluded enthusiasts were professing
to preach the gospel, a most tumultuous and disgusting
scene presented itself. The meadow was completely
covered with human beings, who were soon divided by
some fellows quarrelling, who commenced a pitched fight;
and during the remainder of the afternoon, the company
amused themselves in this manner. There was preaching,
fighting, yelling, and shouting, all at the same moment.
It proved a good harvest to the public-houses and beer-
shops near the place ; a small beer-shop, called the Crown,
actually drew four hogsheads of beer, during the afternoon,
and the New Inn nearly the whole of the beer and liquors
they had in the house.—Berkshire Chronicle.
The recent warm weather has done wonders
for the nurseries in the neighbourhood of the metropolis.
At Fulham the show of azaleas is extremely beautiful, for
the variety is extraordinary, and the buds are now just
bursting into bloom. It has, indeed, been generally re-
marked that notwithstanding the great prevalence of sick-
ness in animal life, the vegetable world never looked more
flourishing than at the present season.

Great complaints are made by the merchants
of Buenos Ayres against the present mode of conveying
the mails, between that country and Great Britain, as
being attended with much inconvenience, from the up.
certain communication which now exists in consequence
of the mail being taken by the Brazil packet.

A petition, most respectably signed, nas been
sent up from this town, for presentation to the House of
Commons, on the subject of the loss of five ten-gun brigs
employed as packets on this station since the transfer from
the Post-office to the Admiralty in 1822, and praying
that these vessels be changed for another description, com-
bining the advantages of superior accommodation for pas-
sengers, more extensive stowage, and greater safety...—
Falmouth Packet.

THE RECENT DUEL.--EXETER, SATUR-
DAY NIGHT, MAY 18.—Dr. DENNIS, the victim in the
duel which has made so much noise here, died this after-
noon, at about ten niinutea before five. His melancholy
fate is sincerely lamented by all who knew him. A coro-
ner's jury was empannelled at half-past seven, and the
inquest was opened by S. WALKEY, Esq., coroner, assisted
by JOHN GIDLEY, Esq., the deputy town-clerk. The
inquest was held at the Half Mean Inn, and was adjourned
till Monday morning, as soon as the jury bad viewed the
body. The body will he examined by the medical gentle-
men to-morrow, in order that evidence might be pro-
duced of the nature of the injury and the cause of death.
The jury is highly respectable, and its organisation has
given great satisfaction ; it is composed of some of the
most influential tradesmen, and it is concluded that jus-
tice will be done to all parties. All parties lament the
untimely fate of the deceased; but there is one, the gentle
and accomplished daughter of the Rector of Moreton-
hanspatead, and a near relative of the Earl of DEVON,
over whose views of happiness the storm affliction has
darkened. It is a melancholy tale—they were to have
been married in the first week in June.

An inquest was held at the Fountain public-
hcuse, illadkfriars-road, on the body of GEORGE CLX•
NiENTS, aged 5. The deceased, who resided with his
f ther at 11, Mansell. street, was severely scalded by a
kettle of hot water, on Tuesday last. The child's grand-
mother rubbed a quantity of salt into the parts affected,
which inflicted such pain that the mother called in Mr.
KITCHIN, a surgeo,n, who found the poor little fellow in a
high fever, and his flesh where the salt had been applied
qui,te raw, and in a dangerous state of inflammation. Not-
.ithstanding everything was done for him, he expired in
great torture on the following day. The Coroner com-
mented on the gross ignorance of the grandmother.—
Verdict—Accidental Death.

REMARKABLE SUICIDE.-JOHN KERCHIN,
aged 22, of Quen;borough, about a month ago married a
Girl of the same village, aged 18. On Sundny last, after
dinner, they both went to their bed room, and, whilst he
dressed himself in his best suit, she laid down on the bed,
where he left her, saying be should go to church, and
meet her after service at her father's. She fell asleep,
but awoLo in about a half or three-quarters of as hour,
and on looking out of the room door tloveght she saw
her husband standing on the stairs, about four feet distant
from her. She spoke, but receiving no answer, she ap-
proached him, and intense was her agony when site found
that he was suspended by the neck from the guard ban-
nister at the head of the staircase, to which he bad fas-
tened himself by his handkerchief whilst she slept. She
alarmed her neighbours, who procured surgical aid, but to
no purpose—life was quite extinct, On the following
afternoon, an inquest was bald, and no evidence beim:, ad-
duced to prove aberration of intellect, a verdict of " Felo
de se" was returned, in consequence of which he was
buried at eleven o'clock thg save night, without the
rites of the church ; but on the body approaching the
church-yard, several members of the sect commonly called
Ranters sung a hymn, and the corpse was lowered into the
grave amid the shrieks of the caily, distracted widow. No
cause can be assigned for the dreadful act. He had been
in work all winter, and (with the exception of a day or
two) during the month of his marriage ; and, for anything
that is known to the contrary, he lived happily with his
bride... Leicester Chronicle.

Mr. INGHAM presented a petition from a number of
shipowners from Shields, complaining of the distress to
which the shipping interest was reduced by the competi-
tion of other nations, and the restrictions upon the trade of
this country. The Hon. Member said the shipowners on thk-
Tyne had been greatly injured for a series of years, until
they found their capital much deteriorated, and they feared
if no relief was afforded them that in a short time their
fortunes would be completely exhausted. Some of the
treaties with foreign countries which worked a great evil to
the shipping trade of this country would expire next
rummer, and he hoped his Majesty's Ministers would
pause before they were renewed.

Mr. HODGSON cordially supported the prayer of the
petition, and expressed his regret that the complaints
of the shipping interest had been intrusted to a
Committee which bad so many other matters
of great importance. He thought it amounted to a mockery
of the complaints which had been made on that subject in
that House. He trusted that gentlemen would still
adopt some effectual means of granting the necessary relief
during the present session.

Mr. BRISCOE presented a petition from a person
named Thomas Ghee, complaining of the grievances he had
suffered in consequence of the present state of the law, as
it relates to the solem❑ affirmation of Quakers not being
considered equivalent to an oath. Also a petition from
Union Chapel, Brixton-hill, for the abolition of slavery ; also
one to the same effect from the inhabitants of Bermondsey.
Colonel WOOD presented a petition from Crickhowell.
against the Beer Houses.

- Mr. GLADSTONE presented a petition from the city
of Edinburgh, for the gradual abolition of slavr.try.
Sir W. INGILBY presented a petition from Gainsbo-
rough relative to corporation abuses, which was referred
to the Committee on that subject.
Mr. AGLIONBY presented a petition from Hanington,
in the county of Cumberland, relative to the distress of the
shipping interests, and praying for a free trade to India►
and China.

Mr. HUME, presented a petition from the tithe payers
and freehoUers of Grange, County Antrim, against tithes,
churcla cess, and bishops' courts.
The HoN. MEMBER. also presented a petition from In-
verbervie, against the Scotch Borough Bill, and from Hope-
town, for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Mr. H. GRATTAN said, with respect to the first petition
which had been presented by the Hon. Member, he had
intended to ask the Secretary at War a question, had
he been present, with reference to the employment of the
military in the collection of tithes. That was a proceeding
which had increased very much in Ireland, and should be
put a stop to.

Lord ALTHORP said that the Secretary at War
was in his place only a few minutes previously;
ihat he had been making inquiries respecting the
subjects adverted to by the Hon. Member, and had no
doubt he would have been able to give him an &nowtr at
once.,

Here, then, was an ample field for the operations of a ju-
dicious economy.—(Hear, hear.) Disregarding all tech.
nieal objections, as to whether the pensions were placed
on the consolidated fund or on the civil list, he would
come to the facts of the case at once, and he found that
the pension list at present amounted to 150,0001., charged
oa the civil list and the consolidated fund in England and
Ireland, and the hereditary revenues of Scotland. Pre-
•ious to Mr. Burke's celebrated speech, which gave birth
to the 22d Geo. 111., the Crown had no other restraint
on its liberality than the sense of shame. That statute
restricted the power of the Crown to grant pensions within
certain limits. Since that period several attempts had
been made to get at the motives for which these pen-
sions were granted, but they had always been resisted on
the ground that the civil list was a sacred fund, set
apart for the purpose of enabling the Monarch to
relieve those unfortunate individuals who might me-
rit his grace and commiseration. The authors of
those unsuccessful motions consoled themselves with
the hope, that when a new Monarch ascended the throne
these things would come under the revision of the House.
Such was the state of things when the Noble Lord oppo-
site opened the civil list. The Noble Lord's predecessor
bad proposed that the entire amount of the civil list, Eng-
lish, Scotch, and Irish, should be 144.000/. The Noble
Lord's plan extended the sum to 150,000/. ; 75,0001.
being placed on the civil list, and the remainder being
transferred to the consolidated fund ; so that the latter
payments, as they fell in, might come under the control
of the House. When the Noble Lord's proposition was
explained, many gentlemen, and he (Mr. Harvey) among
the number, wished it to be understood, that in giving
their sanction to the arrangement they should not be pre-
cluded trom any future inquiry into the circumstances
which gave rise to those pensions. What, then, was the na.
ture of those pensions? He found that in 1829, the Hon.
Member for Middlesex, who by his indefatigable industry
had smoothed the road of investigation for all who came after
moved for a return of the names only of persons re-
cel.;ing pensions from the civil list; and the Noble Lord
opposite supported the motion, on this undeniable ground
—that the administration of the public money, in what-
ever hands it might be pl iced, was a responsible adminis-
tration—(Hear, hear)—and the Noble Lord, with that
straightforwardness which always characterized his con-
duct on the opposition side of the House—(Laughter)—
asked haw it was possible for them to impeach the pro-
priety of the pensions unless they knew the parties to
whom they were given. The House bad now that re-
turn in their posees6on, and he (Mr. Harvey) wished to
follow it up by another inquiry ; for what was the value
of having the names, unless they also had the considera-
tions for which the money was given ?—( Hear, hear.)
He held in his hand a return of persons receiving pen-
sions in the civil list of England, Scotland, and Ireland,
including the Four and a Half per Cent. Duties, which
last only amounted to 21,0001., and it was singular
enough to observe the great disproportion which the fe-
male world bad in the share of the money.—(Laughter.)
The number of pensioners amounted to 1,303, 1,022 of
whom belonged to the fair sex.—(Hear, and laughter.)
There were 208 persons with titles of distinction o❑ the
list, of whom 124 were ladies. He had made out a clas-
sification of these persons, which he would take the liberty
of communicating to the House. The Hon. Gentleman
then read the following table :

RETURN of PENSIONS on the CIVIL LIST of ENGLAND,
SCOTLAND, and IRELAND, and on the FOUR AND A
HALF PER CENT. DUTIES.
