Cli I.‘IFIER OF DEPUTII,,:i, APRIL 23.

A petition was presented from M. Jourdan, ad-
vocate, now. in the prison of Dragnignaa, com-
plaining 'that lie -had been detained there two
tt~nnths, in comtempt of the Law of Aninesty,
and by a false applicaCon of the sth Article.
The (orninission proposed the Order of the
Pay, on tile ground that he had it in his power
to make application to the Minister of Justice,
and obtain redress from the proper authorities.
•
M. Columb mole some observations on the
Tegetity of the detention of J. Jciiadari, and y'ot-
ed that Ws petition should be sent to the Minister
at Justice.

Paedessns opposed this measure with great
*nru,i; he thought the Chdiolwr ought not to
iuttlfere in this business, and proposed the Order'
or the Day. which, atter a. disco*sion which caused
great tumult in the Chamber, was put and adapted.
Peon au amendment, pi oposed by,M. Piet,. re-
quii tug tbat the unsold property of the Clergy
thould be, restored, &c several Members objected
to ;he use i,t cilas word ; and expressed a desire,
that ioste;,d ut th.? words " seroet rea4i#ue," the
words i! serant rendus en nature," should be used.
lids amendment Was tulopred,
A letter was read by the Vice President, from
the Minister of the interior—

" ck Presicleost,.—.Tlito PrsAlft of the law relative. to Di.
torce havi►►g been adopted hr the Chamber of Peers, the
lention of the King is, that it sbOold be sent to-morrow to
the Chamber of I)rlM►ties. I have to request that you will
let name know if there will be any sitting twiliorrow, and at
what heat I way be present there."

The thamber decided, the they would receive
Lis communication At one O'clock.

Mats, Aram 25.--The Nlaree)tal de Camp
Cambrotte, one of toe Citiefs'of the Guard of
littonaparte at'the Isle of Elha, %yin be judged to.
mot row by the Council of War.
Count Torreno, a Spaniard of an student fa-
mily of Asturias, and who was a Member of the
Cortes, was arrested last Sunday at Paris. He it
broth,r in-law to General Porlier, who was lately
executed.

The :rig tie la Galatea has left the port.orToue
ion fur Cnisica, where she will take on board tfie
Marquis tie Itiviere„ who is going to Con•
stantumple.

On Wednesday Messrs. Wilson, Hutchinson,
anti • Bruce, were le-conducted to the' prison la

Force.

Prince Talleyrand will act off to-morrow. for'
; he assisted yesterday at the Public $4..!
Ping of the Royal Institute.
General Cole is at Paris; he leaves immediately
for London with his family.

The Chamber of Deputies has adopted, article
by - article, the project of Law relative to the

Clergy.

NICE, APRIL 12.—The Curbs of this place have
demanded, that an Index should be published by
authority of books to be read by the inhabitants.
This demand is made on the ground of the dan-
gerous tendency of the French principles of po-
litics and philosophy which have spread among
chases.

"It will be seen by fittr private letter, says the
4Vert!ing Chronicle, iiiat the Duke of Wat-tarso
v" has suddenly returned to Paris ; and the iv•
dour is, that there is a dispute with Russia...—.
P"is P"P"sof Thursday deny his Grace's re-
turn, which those of Wednesday had mentioned,
ht this they be easily accounted for."--It will
1-"haPs, however, be more difficult (or the
Wrltcr4l purpose to acenttot for the two following
ParsigraPlis the Dutch Papers tofthe 28t11, re
cuivett this 'morning, tied %hie!) eompletely.take
Iht gr9""dt -from under this new mid consoling

Llypintli:lll4 Las.o
Paris, on the 21th t-- ti
" LEYDEN, Arum O.—Yesterday, Field-Marshal the 17tulte
of Vl'ellington, Prince of Waterloo, iewed the Atli...es of
C:atwyk. To-day his Highness lionoared this city with it visit,
and examined every thing remarkable. He was waited npon
by the Burgomasters, the 011icers of the City Guard and the
Garrison, and in the Academy by all the Professors.

•' &elm Grace the Duke of Wellington
dined yesterday with thePrincessesDowager, and in the even-
ing were present at a hall, which the King also honoured with
his presence. The whole evesing there was a east crowd
eallectiol before the Princesses' hotel. It was observed that
the King 1)041 a cotiv6-sation for ahove an hour with the Ddlse
of Wellington, hi one of,.the windows.—lt does not itypeat
how long the Duke will Iniliour this town with his presence
nothing, however, is yet said of his departure: (Latch
Papers to the 46th •

This morning three of the PRINCE REGENT°II
carriages,,with coachmen and footmen in their
state liveries, were directed to proceed to Tan-
ham-grel, with several Officers in State, in order
to meet Ale Prince of SAxe-Couurto, and conduct
him to town, His Serene Highness will reside at
Clarence House, St. James's, being there received
by the Ministers and Great Officers of State, who
are invited to dine with his Highness to-mon ow.
—The greater part of the persons remaining at
the Pavilion, Brighton, set off for London on
Saturday and yesterday. The remainder follow
this day. '

A letter of the 13th, from Genoa, states, that
the 51 Genoese released from slavery by Lord
EXMOUTH wererausomed at 500 dollars each, but
that it was afterwards nertital that no tribute
Anald. be paid for Nardisdan subjects. It is
further reported, that " all the snhjects of the
Seven islands that were in slavery at Algiers were
delivered up ‘Vithout ransom, being under the
,ilritish protection."

The Company's ship Royal George art ;ved off
the Start the 25th instant ; and the Hope be-
tween the Start and Portland the salve day —The
Europe, outward-bound, parted company horn
the Surrey in blowing weather, in lat 45. 49. N.
long. 12. 40. W. on the 22d November, and on
the 29th January Ina into Table Bay —The char-
tered ship Lady Flnra arrived at the Cape from
China the 20th February.

WINDsoR, APRIL. 28.--Istis morning the Prince
DE SAXit CQBURG %if-Ikea from the Upper Lodge
in the Castle, to attend divine service in the
vale Chanel with the Royal Family. After di-
vine service the Prince of Saxe Coburg secont-
panied, the Queen anti Princesses to the Princess
Elizabeth's cottage, called Clay-ball. The Plin-
ceis Charlotte of \Valet followed immediately
after, in a open carriage.. The Royal Party par-
took of an entvrtaininent there, given by the Prin-
cess Elizabeth. The Duchess of York leaver to-
day. The Queen and two of the Princesses leave
here to-Morrow for London.

'Yesterday the Lon) CRAWCIILLOR and Lord
CASTLIIREAGH had amliences of the" PaiNce Ita-
oat4T at Carlton house.

The Duke of Yoax transacted military busi-
ness with the PRINCE REGENT oil SP1111(10y.
On Saturday the Duke of ORLEANS came to
town from Twickenham, and waited upon the
PRINCE 11 EGENT at Carlton-house.

Yesterday the Dike of Yoax, the Duke • and
Duchess at !CUMBERLAND, the Archbishop Of
CSSKRL,, Lards RIERRS, ARDCN, DUOLEY and
-WARD, and a long list of other Peers, and per•
saris of ,distinction, attended Divine Service at
the Chapel Royal, St. James's e:,4ltice.
Yesterday his Excellency OW Austrian Ambas-
sador, and his father, Prince PAUL. lett Loudon
for Newmarket, to be present at ihue Races. We
understand they are to occupy a pail of ,the Pa-
lace during their stay.
His Serene Highness Prince SAXE COBURG will
give as grand .entertainment to the Foreign Am-
bassador, the LORD CNANctit.Loa, Ministers,
trod a numerous party of distinguiahed Person-
aKia, on Wednesday next, at St. James's Palace.
Advices were received on Saturday Irons St.
tui the 30th utt. At that time the
much- talked-o( Tariff bad been printed, •and
cones 91 it banded to the foreign Ministers; but
we do not learn that the Tariff itself his reached
this county. •
It is stated that Sir Pvt.retvelr IVIALCot.I4. who
lately soiled in die Newcastle from POrtsmouth,
for St. Helena, will not remain many months on
the station ; that a permanent COmmander-in-
Oriel* there will not be appointed until after the
return Sir Geu. COCKBURN.

Real-Admiral Maya,/ arrived at Barbadoes on
the 3d ult. in his Majesty's ship Antelope, being
appointed Commander-in-Chief on that station,
in the room of Admiral DUUHAM, who has re-
signed.
A Commission of Inquiry has been for some
time sitting in the Dublin Yost Office, at the de!.
sire Of the Earl of Ross, one of the Poitmasters-
General, upon alleged abuses in that Office.
The &Offish Corporation held their Spring
Meeting on • Saturday last, at Freemasons* 'Ta-
vern, the Duke of cLAKENCR in the Chair, who
was supported by a respectable body of Noble-
men and Gentlemen. A liberal subscription of
several hundred pounds was made for this exCel.
lent Institution, which has now lasted 150 years,
and which extends relief to two hundred unfortu-
nate persona monthly.
The Gazatie of Saturday night announces, that
the Bank of nrigland will continue to receive
Bank dollar tokens at the rate of five shillings and
sixpence each, until•the first of November next;
in sums of not less than eight dollars.
On Saturday last the Royal Academy gate their
Anuualgutertaintnent, •

PLTMowni, AP AIL V.—Came in t e Traave,
Weser, and Darts' frigatei, froth Madras, for
Portsmouth, the \Vest Indies with
troops, and will sail again this evening, If the
wind shifts to eastward. Passed tip the Channel
the Owen Glendower frigate and ‘Vellesley. hind
of war, and the Royal George Indiarnan, from
China, Batavia, Cape of Good Hope, and St.
Helena ; lett the latter place the 9th of March.
Sailed then Thames frigate forPortstnbuth ; Cyrus
sloop of o'ar for Cork ; and Heron sloop of,war
on a cruise. •

FALMOU Tif, APRIL 2 .-Thee Prince Ernest
packet is arrived off the Manacles from Lisbon,
in eleven days.

The transports Trent and William Pitt are ar-
tired at the Motherbank from the Mediterranean
the former from Genoa, laden with ordnance
stores ) the latter with troops from Gibraltar.—
The only ship at Gibraltar was his Majesty's ship
Isttr, which was preparing to he hove down. The
Montague, 74, efivt. H t.woott, had sailed on the
Gth ult. to join Lord Exmotrrit.

A letter trout an Officer in.Lortl ExmouTtes
fleet, dated the 28th ult. states,'that it was in-
tended the fleet should not leave the station until
the Porte had acknowledged our Sovereignty. over
the lonian 1 ; but this, and some ether ne-
gociations that were ou the Lapis, it Was expect-
ed would not detain the ships longer titan the first
week its April.
Saturday the Wellesley, 74, wide!) 'Wag launched
last year at liontbay, arrievtl at Portsmouth, trout
Madras, Trincouistee,' Pointe de Galle,, the Cape
of Good liope, and St. Llelena. Captain•BAYLEY,
who ras, Flag-Captain to the, late Sir Giosott
-13unt.Tos, came home in the command of her
she hit Commodore RoBEET O'BRIEN at Trin-
comalee, having his brou,lpendant-in the Corn-
wallis, 74, Captain. SAYER not having returned
fru:lt in the Leda. The Alpheus, lievoln-'
tionisitc, Elk, and Volage, also continued in the
t;liitia. seas. 'the naval depot of stores hissing
been removed from .11adras to *1 rineontAlee, and
CutuniCssiotter Pugi' having arrived t here, that
place. had necome the perrnithene. of mivOl
ientleryons. The Wellesley lei St.ilelena
the 3d tilt. ; the Northumberland, Sir G. Coca*
BURN, and ilaVantitib, 'were lying there. Buo-
, tyrAPARTR was well.

The Traave, Captain Conn ; Dover, Captain
ROOKII/1;- and IVeser, Captain LAkvaENcs, sailed
uo Vichy from Portsmontl h I
it :0. --ar-Ki.oci, %%kb'
the 2(1 or QUEIsN'S Reginient on hoard. . The
Thames, Captain IVALPOLE, will jOlll theill off
Plymouth, and reed% e on board a prOpo(tion of
the number of troops they have.
The Brazen, 18, Captain 5T1K1,.11.10, bavitig on
board Lady AUGUSTA LKITH, arrived at Guada-
loupe on the 13th of Morel( from Spithead. The
Chanticleer was, in consequence, to return to Eng.
lithd, to be paid ott.
All ships destined. for foreign stations are to
sail immediately to 'relieve others virLich Lave ilUt
been paid off.

Sir R. IVILsoN's brother has published the fol-
lowing Letter, in answer to the Itetnarks on part
of his Correspondence in the Newspapers
• :it. isibles, Arundel, Sniserx,.April 25, 11116.
Rift,-10 your newspaper at this , day I read the following
sents.nce:--" There is tsps • e pastragp in 4 letter to tier
which we should be glad to find has been unfaithfully ex-
tracted." The passage in question I should scarce recognise,
but for tilr final act of accusation, by which T /,:urn that it
forms a part of tuy letter.. Although I cannot seeany reason
why the opinions contained. Id toy priume correspondence
should be a 'Matter of interest, or complaint, either to the
public' yourself, or the French Government,,l readily avail
myself of the opportunity now of me, to declare that
the ilialadicat recommendation imputed to me is as false as_
it is abstild. The absurdity alone of ‘• recoatmendoig the
insinuation of a persecntioa, rent or ilHaspriary, nrainst the
Protestants," to a person in Fritnce, torahs eXpros* pnrpuse.
of exciting the passion% of the people of Logtand, could not
but irOote any common reader to detect the omit imposition
upon plastic credulity in Prance. 'tiny Rillt) add, that the
sitcreediog extracts arc, in ttw material points, most ettgi; ionic
and cpatemptihie misreptesciltntions, of wh',ett the roily is
scarcely less remarkable than the wickedness. t cannot, how.
ever, bring myself to obtrude any hii.ther exploitation on a
%object of such little taaucquencs, further than In observing,
that tilt rteticli Authorities donut cousin 7beinsel: to
to,i roisentweptions of the Sense aloite, but t(n amplify,
minisit, mid dislocate words and sentincrs, ;teem dinglo the
purposes they have in view. In am, Sir, sour oheiliArt
ser /ant, EDW,AIi) LUAILEt WILSON.

KING'S Tu It ATP. C Opera on
night hail it brilliant tlisplay nearly all the rktUk
owl fashion 4406p11, f ,oRAyANTes 4-I,stuaii
Fullaci wd, repe.,464-L tilt second tinre.
.4 very - pie Spettittic ii ity pre-
paration at. Dttity t catre i the
Air. PARRY.
11.1.-ria4,,T3 ha* Rkat front Ilditiburgh to
wirere ,bak pl•ty,lig with givitt ap-
pittlise ae the C4044111'11
41143 SUCCet4leti liotinburgh.

In the account nt theldasouic Dinner on Sa-
unshould litte been one of the
toasts
the
prtit:sichir li)i
,ig
by his
it,,yal
nightlest
the Duke
of Sossm :--" The health of the Mother of Six
INlasons—lier Nafegtg the QUIMIi."
The Peutnstilar Prize Money was paid last week
to the 3CIII, 38th, and 89th Regiments in Ports-
mouth gatiison, F.ach private received 31. Bs.
SPORTING.—At the Monthly Meeting of the
Achruteometarian Ride Society yesterday, at
Chalk Farm, there was an admirable display of
skill, and the contention for the medal was truly
spirited. Towards the close it was for some time
meek and neck between Messrs. SENIOR and Foe-
mart ; the latter however was the winner ; he put
in thirteen shots out of -eighteen, and three hull's
eyes, at the several distances of lA, 200 and 250
yards, As half the shots were. fired from the
shoulder, the target small, and the bull's eye only
a nine-inch one, this perfortuance may fairly rank
'with the best specimens of hall firing.
EXacwrioN.--.145//iant Carter tar uttering torg•
ed notes was executed at Bristol on Friday. At
the plaCeiof execution the Ordinary joined him in
prayers a hymn ; which were must unfrel.
ingly interrupted by the cry of a,reptieve, and the
handing up to the Rev. Gentleman of a paper of
.
pa import tu such a ttywg morneot.

_

CORM Excit.txuro jtliit rt. 210...5'' ree.pived this fftisrr~ir~y} ti
short supply of Wheat Oulu Reset and Kent. notvi:tb4tand-;
ing which th 4 salts were very heavy at a red .e ion ,f?.s. per;
fit ar!er; Barley was itisd very dull, and as. lower. Nitre was
nearly unsaleable. In Pease and Beans there was no alteria-
tion. The Pike Of Flour is fluctuating between iiSs. dad 7vs.
per sack.

foreign Wheat, - .51t. die;
Fine ditto - i93,....5.
Rugfish Wheat - 531.
Fine ditto -82 s.
!Lye
Fine ditto - -31 s. --a;
Barley - -41 s.
Fin.. ditto 4
New ditto
Malt' - - - - 535. 635.
Fiue ditto - - tiss. —s.
WifitePease (boilers) 365. 38s.
Fine ditto -40 s. —s.
Grey !'case - - 305.,3b5.

Pine t;rey,Pedie - 30;s.
Tlcit Iltitus -
Oid ditto -81 i dfh.
Small 'rick !leant
Old ditto • -
Feed Oats • • - • iSi. iti;
Fitteditto - • - 21.. a.
Vnlanti ditto - 2,4.
Fine ditto ‘2,45. 25
Potatbe (lath ,4(ls.

nape tictil 261. 941. livelhM
Flue FlUuf - th,-.
Seconds = - 444. 4014

This day's Market was nmply
lid this ,how of Cat !e other

SMITHFIELD, .0)111„
shpplied with prime Beasts) ai
respects was tultra'uly good. Beef is cheaper; Laub is
dbarer ; ,Mutton, Pork, and Veal support last prices; and the
trade in general was rather considerable --The s:iles in the
Hay-Market were pretty lively: flay,Straw,rit.d Clover hare
got up in price.—Annexed is a correct statement of the -
Prices and Numbers :

To sink the Oral,' per stone of 81b..
Beef, 3s. Sd. to 4s. 4d. ,Nttaton, as. ed..to Lamb, as,
to Bs. Od. Veal, 4s. ad. io W. Pork, 4s. bd. t., (;..t)l..
Beasts, 22-SU.' 'Sheep and Lambs, 11)3To.. etch ;SO.
Pigs, 4-140.
HAY-MARK eT.—Tirty, 81. 05. to $l. gtrtuv, 11. 103. t#
21. Gs. (curer, 71. 05.

TO C. N, PALLNIER, M. P.

Alontagtie-equart., f.C. I S:G:

DEAR Sifs—Having st6l, on my ret urn to tov.'n
this morn tug , a let e r addressed to v(su by a writ, r
.
describing
.liiinself as a Friend- to the Reg try
Hilt,'' in which I ant Atanittl and alluded. to as a
.member of the West India Committee, I thic,k
right to give you a short explrw,it ion of what has
Occurred relative .10 the uppOintiimit ul un agent
for the: Wand.' of., St. Viareut, upon which, it
scents, is founded a very serious charge itgatuK
the assemblies of the West INdia
It has been already statlll by pia, etirrectly, ti..,1 a retipect.
able Member of Parliament tias aced geatuunosty us .fgeut
lot the Wand of At. Vi 'teen; , 'from the re.ir t;9;; to tile
.;,te.
sent time r and," tau add, froin my Men Itutiwled„ze, that th 4
Gentleman in question had, for a series of years; as his 0014. d.,
jutor, a respectable Baronet, who was also In
and who also acted gratiihously ; and it was c•nly ou
mise of the last,ineini,iiied tientleMaa that any ancridiaii itR
the agency of the Island was contemplated. With roiskat,
to the new appointment, 1 can say, that the pet 4, Irs„ trip,
tlie Resolution of he Assembly, were directed ta rUdse it,.ha3
au mu horny *hat ever to otter any salary to the"GAitkabitt
Who ought accept. the agency, nor indeed were tiny steps' tit
all taken to make. the appobitment, • It the Assembly
Vincent had contemplated the granting any 1,41 V to a coat:.
idtOr to Mr; Colquhoub, It would hardly, I MIA() hatvlap.
plied to a sot of Gentlemen to make the recommendation.
without apprisibg them Of such it tention4 and if such an idea
had been entertained, it may be presumed that it would bay*.
couic.tu the knowledge of " the Friend to the...i.viostry
through the same channel which supplied him with inform*•
thin as to the other proceedings of the asseinbly. • 1. ant, bow.
ever, thoroughly persuaded that the assembly of VjUcent
Ito! nu snekintentina.

_ .
11Me. Stephen and " the Friend p f the Reg,iitry Bill" (wlo,
it" stainietit at lCOSt,Ciil to he ttie sour, arc of opinion that
the i4i4l and interest of Mhoitark'r, of F,riookelt :ire not to ue
obtain,'" uxcept hy metns thcir hiring jSrl ed" by an
" ex' ca ""Alnry," rtloice to think thatiltelo does :no apootr
to wart heow the eapiuu of the afacitibly of the iSland LAN'.
Viuceq., which, for ascries of mars, beta fonOri t.lii I,Act to by
utherwt“i. la truth, the uituation or 'vent, for most of the
,i,lands is merely hotieraryi it is eontercd,, on the'one'hami,'
as a proof at respect and congdonce and
not for the *Alec of salary, but, for that proi,'Esional
thin which those who value public opinion can how appre*,
elate.

In conclusion I must observe, that when. 11r. Stephen seyV:,
instructions of the Assembl4.4 have beau will
and thar motley
sail
laid out," and Au,
instritcriuns saki to be given by,nmf of tlotni to corms..
sonic Member-at Parliament. by the.sril,o yof rift extra
agent,"- if lie has DO other grontid for big str.tcluitit t the "
prOccediogs of the Assrattily Of :'.Viticent, 1 perfeel ly cfoieur
tit the opiailiti which you limy given, that 1a.2 has tividss
in:imitations which areatutouutled and unjust."
.11hecii-Cutintance stves to taw the bowie of the evidence,
vilio.kAyhich the. Aisetublies of the West India Wands are
riliti' •
-I am, dear Sir, your sluceretumble sers%lnt, •
• JO S. J.I.CH.SLY,s4-.
