CITY, THURSDAY EVENING.

By the way of Trieste letters have this morn-
ing been received from the Morea, dated on the 23d of August.
.They completely confirm the information communicated yes- •
terday in The Morning Chronic le, received by the way of
Corfu from that
,quarter, and advise additional successes on the
part of the Christians. They state that Chourschid Pacha,
after his defeat, had retired to Larissa with the wrecks of his
army ; and the Austrian Observer itself confirms his arrival
there. They farther announce the important news of the Chris-
tians having re-possessed themselves of Corinth, as well, as hav-
ing • taken Napoli di Romania, and affirm that the account of
the success of the Greeks is authentic, and may be relied on.
These letters farther give as reports, that the Suliotes had re-
taken their capital, and also that a naval action had taken place
off Patras, in which the Turks lost two frigates and one 'brig. ,
The letter adds that- this wants confirmation, but the position
.of the two 'fleets, as mentioned in the Corfu intelligence, ren-
ders the account more than probable. Amidst such extraordi-
nary Contradictions, his impossible to form a correct judgment
of the affairs of the Greek Christians. Certainly as much reliance
.may be reposed in the letters which announce their success, as in
those which communicate information of a contrary tendency.—
That they are not put down is certain, and that their cause must
daily gain strength by prolonging the contest, thehistory of every
struggle for independence confirms. A free empire of Chris- •
tians in Western Turkey would be of the deepest importance
to the commerce and future prosperity of England, for Russia
and Austria assuredly will possess themselves of this fine
country should the efforts of the Christian natives prove inef-
fectual for their own deliverance, and the gradual extension of
civilisation must assist also in the expulsion of the barbarians
from a country so long polluted with their vices. Whether
in'the form of an independent State, or as provinces of Austria
• and Russia, however, this quarter of the world will be of far
greater importance to Europe than it can ever possibly be
whilst in posSession of the Turks ; hut to England, a free Go-
vernment there would be most advantageous, because from its
position, its wants, and its produce, it is her natural ally.
In the English Funds very little business has this day been
done, and prices of the Consols are without the slightest varia-
tion. The foreign securities are far more attractive to the Ca-
pitalist, and some of them are again considerably dearer. The
Columbian Bonds have advanced'one per cent. And so also
has Mr. ROTHSCHILD'S new Russian Loan. The Spanish
Old Bondi for the Account have risen to 78:1, and the New are
fully one per cent. dearer, and an immense deal of business
continues to be transacted in them. This mode of disposing of
the surplus capital of England, whilst it cannot be advan-
tageously employed at home in agriculture and commerce, is
of great importance, for it gains an income to the proprietors,
and lays the foundation for a future commerce with those states
whose prosperity will be improved by the Loans. The pro,
ductive labour of England will again soon draw back more
than the value of the sum advanced, at the same time that
the Lenders receive a good interest for money for which at
home they could find no profitable employment.
The following are the prices of this day :
French * Five per Cents. Dividend from 22d Sept., 92 50. 93.
Spanish * Five per Cent. of 1820, Dividend from Ist May,
77i A i•
Ditto Five per Cent. Bonds of 1821 (sterling), Dividend from
Ist May, 66i
Russian * Six per Cents. Dividend from Ist Sept. 82.
Ditto * Five per Cents. (metal].) Div. from Ist March, 81i.
Ditto New Five per Cent. (metall.) Dividend from Ist Sept.,
88i A.
Prussian Five per Cent. Bonds of 1818 (sterling) Dividend
from Ist Oct., 88g.

Ditto of 1822 (Jerling) Dividend from Ist July, 88 4.
Austrian * Five per Cent. (metall.) Div. from Ist Feb. 81.
Neapolitan * Five per Cent. Bonds, Dividend from Ist July,
77i
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds (sterling) Dividend from Ist
July, 891 6.
*.Ditto Banco Marks, Dividend from Ist July, 861.
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds (sterling) Dividend from Ist
May, 871 6 4
Chili= Six per Cent. Bonds (sterling) Dividend from Ist
Oct, 821 4
Marked * are subject to the rate of Exchange.
—(lllOrning Chronicle.)

FUNERAL OF THE REV. MR. OWEN.—The re-
mains of the late Rev. JOHN- OWEN, A. M. were interred
_yesterday at Fulham, the parish of which he had been Curate,
and in which he had resided for many years. The mournful
procession was attended not only by his relations, but by several
Gentlemen belonging to the Bible Society and other friends,
including the Rev. Mr. Wood, the Rector, with the Curate and
several other inhabitants of the parish. Many of the shop-
keepers put up their shutters; in testimony of their high vene-
ration for the deceased. Among the Gentlemen who formed
the procession we observed lm. Money, Esq. M. P. ;
Butterworth, Esq. Al. P. ; B. Wilson, Esq. ; J. Wilson, Esq.
and many others of the highest respectability. The Service
was most iMpreSsively performed by the Rev. W. Dcaltry,
A. M. Vicar of Clapham.

that have marked the. course of the last thirty
years, few are more singular and more unac-
countable than the seeming apathy and indif-
ference with which the leading Potentates of
Europe now witness the noble struggle of the
Greeks for independence. Yet, surely, if ever
a people had a legal claim upon the sympathy
and the assistance of its neighbours, it is that
to which Europe 'stands indebted for its pre-
eminence-over the, other portions of the globe,
and its civilization. If we turn a 'deaf ear to the
voice of humanity, let us, at least, avoid the
charge of ingratitude.
From our earliest youth we are taught to view
with sentiments of admiration the nations 'that
have struggled either, to preserve, or to regain,
their national independence ; and the men who

have acted the most conspicuous part in such en-
terprises are represented to us as the best of
patriots,and ranked amongst the greatest and most
admirable of men. The praises lavished upon
all such efforts are restricted to no people, are
limited to no period ; they extend to all nations,
they embrace the whole range of the past.—

Whether the yoke be mild or-oppressive, whe-
ther it be but of a few years duration, or has
lasted for ages, the. attempts of the oppressed to
effect their emancipatiOn is ever represented as
meritorious in itself, and deserving of applause;
whether it be the destruction of the tyranny of
the Pisistratidw at Athens, the expulsion of the
Tarquins from Rome, the assembled Barons., com-
pelling King John to sign the Magnd Charta,
Switzerland throwing off the yoke of Austria,
or Holland emancipating itself from the shackles
of Spain, nay, or America asserting and esta-
blishing its independence, the language of the
historian is the same, the whole of his eloquence
is employed to narrate the noble deed, whilst
the seductive voice of poetry labours to .awaken
in our mind the patriotic enthusiasm such oc-
currences are calculated to inspire. But surely,
if these efforts were once praiseworthy, they
must be so at the present day ! If the Creeks of
old merit our admiration and respect for having
thrown off the yoke of two tyrants, Ivlty should
we withold these feelings from the Hellenists,
who are now struggling to free themselves from
th© oppressive and destructive bondage of the
Mussulman ? Must actions be now judged by a
different standard?, Are the principles of right
and' of wrong no longer the same? is the love of

national independence no longer praiseworthy ?
Is patriotism no longer one of the first of political
virtues? Surely all that was once great, and
good, and worthy of admiration, 'cannot be now
criminal, and deserving of reprobation ? The
morality of actions is, and must be necessarily,
immutable. Neither change of time, nor of place,
nor of circumstances, can sanction, or authorize,
whatever does not accord with the principles of
justice ; and whatever has been consonant to
these unalterable principles must remain so as
long as our present notions of what is just or un-
just endure. What authority, hitherto unknown,
can then call upon us to change the whole sys-
tem of our ideas ?—The Ho/N Alliance !
If we bear in mind that the Greeks are Chris-

tians, that they are labouring to free themselves

from the shackles of the avowed and the most
determined enemies of Christianity, we must be
unavoidably amazed that their cause should have
no greater foe than an alliance of Christian So-
vereigns ; assuming moreover the title of lloky.
This aPpellation is certainly somewhat decep-
tions. It sounds well ; and in the present age
of infidelity, it is calculated to give the Christian
mind cheering hopes, which, we greatly fear, it
will never realize. As far as we have been, hi-
therto, able to ascertain its secret principles, by
its open acts, it appears much more of a political
than' of a moral or religious nature. It was,
formed less with a view of opposing the alarming
.inroads of irreligion and scepticism, than for the
purpose of nipping in the bud the notions
of social liberty, which are every ►►here break-
ing forth. It stands forth the avowed champion
of legitimau ; but it professes its determination
to consider as legitimate those measures only

which accord with the interest of its leading
members: It will be legitimate for the sovereign
to change at his pleasure the form of government,
to grant to his people a constitution one year, and

_ .
to repeal it the next ; but every attempt on the
part of' a nation to vindicate its rights, and bet-
ter its condition, will be branded with the odious
epithet of rebellion, and will draw upon the of-
fenders the.heavy vengeance of the Holy
In conformity with these liberal notions of poli-
tical justice, the unfortunate Greeks must be
abandoned to the relentless severity of tie Sul-
tan ; and the total extirpation of 'this people
must atone for its attempt to recover its in-
dePendence, by throwing off the yoke of its
legitimate Master! Let not this idea be at-
tacked upon the ground of improbability. It
is, on the contrary, highly probable that the
Sultan will seize .the opportunity offered to
him by success, to exterminate subjects that have
proved themselves so formidable and dangerous.
This intention has been already pretty openly
avowed; and 'the horrid massacre that followed
the capture of Candia in 1661, the more recent
barbarities committed at Scio, are dreadful ear-
nests of ..what Nlahorumedau fanaticism, and bar-
, barlty will accomplish. Thousautls,. therefore, of

The voice of humanity was not raised in vain,
in favour of the rude inhabitants of Africa ; but
dreadful as the fate of the uncivilized African
may have been, the bondage of the more civilized
Greek, on the very shores of Europe, is still
more oppressive and degrading. Even amongst
the task masters of the West Indies, some were
found possessing the feelings of men, and the law,
in some degree, protected the slave ; but no such
advantages are enjoyed by the miserable slave of
the Mussulman. Every outrage, every vexation,
that insolent and ignorant barbarity can possibly
devise, are accumulated upon the wretched.
descendants of the most noble minded nation of
the earth. Long bent beneath the galling yoke,
degraded from the high rank his ancestors once
possessed, the Greek had sunk into a state of
stupor and of insensibility. But the dormant
fire of patriotism awaited only a spark to blaze
forth with renewed splendour. At length it did
blaze forth. Europe witnessed the rising flame ;
but no genial breeze fanned it into consistency—
because the principles of the Holy Alliance for-
bad the friendly act ! .

If national independence be a matter of right,
which can hardly be denied, no lapse of time can
annihilate it, and one nation conquered by another
must ever possess the right of effecting its eman-
cipation Whenever the opportunity offers. An
actual and solemn renunciation of its indepen-
dence can alone deprive it of this privilege.—
ThOugh subdued by their more warlike neigh-
bours, and reduced to the most abject state of
slavery, the Helots having 'never renounced their
independence, would have been fully justified in
releasing themselves 6om the bondage of Sparta.
The condition of the Greeks of the present day,
and their political relation with their oppressors,
are not very different from those of the above-
mentioned people. The weakness of their
Monarchs, and the supineness of their Christian
neighbours, yielded them a prey to the Ottomans,
and the crescent occupied the place of the cross
upon the dome of St. Sophia.
The political supremacy of the Turks over the
Greeks rests, therefore, upon the right of con-
quest, the least strong of all possible rights,
since it has no other foundation than the smiles
of fortune, and since its duration is determined
only by success. •It may be annihilated either
by the victory'of an enemy, or by the successful
effort of the vanquished- to recover their- free-
dom. However degraded a nation may be, it
must still possess some latent spark of virtue,
some slumbering sentiment -of honour. 1 t must
therefore ever feel the desire of once more occu-
pying a rank amongst the nations of the earth ;
and so inseparable are these sentiments from our
notions of what is goods that, while we naturally
feel only contempt for the people that meanly
crouch at the feet of its conqueror, we warmly
applaud the nation which strains every nerve to
effect its emancipation. Many years have not
gone by since such were our feelings in re-
gard to several of the continental nations.,
The domination of Buonaparte may have
borne heavily upon some of these nations, but
surely it cannot in the least be compared with
that of the Turks over the Greeks. Why then
are they not applauded and assisted ? Because
there now exists an Holy Alliance !
When the chances of war have given one na-
tion authority over another, it is only by adopt-
ing conciliatory measures that the victors can
hope to obtain the good will of the vanquished.
Hence a wise conqueror employs every possible
method to blend both into one, and to soothe the
wounded feelings of those whom fortune has de-
livered into his hands, a line of conduct which
was wisely pursued by Alexander the Great in
Persia. When a conqueror adopts such a sys-
tem, when we see him zealously labouring to bene-
fit the vanquished, not only do we become re-
conciled to his domination, but we feel even
inclined to consider any attempt at emancipation
•on the 'part of Iris new subjects, as an act of in-
gratitude. But widely different has been the
policy of the barbarous and intolerant Mussul-
man ! By him, tire Greeks have been exposed
to the most humiliating treatment ; and truly
ruled with a rod of iron. Every method which
pride, ignorance and barbarity combined, could
devise, has been employed, not only to keep the
vanquished ever distinct from the victors, but
even to point them out as the most abject of men.
Their property, their lives, nay even their wives
and their children, have been placed at the
mercy of their tyrants. Thus exposed to hourly
insults, the Greeks had lived hitherto the most
miserable and the most degraded of human Beings.
A people once celebrated for the splendour of
its atchievements, for the nobleness of its sen-
timents,. for the sublimity of its conceptions,
had been reduced by the withering hand of ty-
ranny; upon a level with the rude hordes of
Africa. Europe, indebted to this people for its
arts, its sciences, its civilization—Europe had
long beheld with regret this deplorable spec-
tacle, had long breathed forth a fervent prayer
for the future emancipation of the benefactors of
the human race. And now, now when .the spirit
of the Pericles, the Cimons, the Aristides, the
Themistocles, awakens in the souls of their hi-
therto degenerate descendants that patriotism
which burned with such intensity in their hearts—
now, when the .Greeks are making one bold, one
desperate, one last, effort to emerge from slavery
and 'barbarism, an Holy Alliance refuses to assist
their endeavours; and_ abandons them to the
