PETITION FROM ROYTON.

Lord STANLEY wished to call the attention of
the House to a Petition which he held in his hand.
The House must be aware that a number-of Pe-
titions are frequently put into the bands of:Mem-
bers, with no part of which they could agree.
This petition was signed, on behalf of it...meeting
held at Royton, in Lancashire, by the Chairman,
and lit had been requested Co present Now
amongst those petitions which 'Members often
had to present, though the sentiments whieltruany
of them contained were contrary to their own opi-
ni-n„ yet they might come SQ near to the line of
propriety as tO leave it difficult to decide whether
they ought to be presented or nor. He had his
doubts on this petition, but he always felt a wish
to leave the tight of petitioning unfettered. He
thought it, however, due to himself, to call the
attention of the House particadarly to the sobject,
before he did any thing :it all. But thee seemed
to him hardly any citing in the prayer of it that
'could be considered improper. Its to the language,
lie wished to leave it to tire opinion of the house.
The Petition was then brought up end read.
It began by stating, that self preservation being
the first law of names, the Petitioners, several
thousands in nomber, were forced to complain of
their situation to Parliament, in order to bring
before their eves the suffering condition of *theta-'
selves and the people of this countly : That the
peti:ioners were trorking weavers, who could only
earn 7s. a week ; That this was not sufficient for
common food for the support of life, arid that they
therefore cot-tid neither buy clothes nor pay rent :
Thirt they were bringing children into the World,
whom they could not keep from starving;. though
.they were convinced that God never madeluan to
starve : That for persons in their sittiatiiin aprison
had no terrors ; and as a proof _that distress ne-
cessatily led to the commission of crimes4t heir
Quarter SessiOns, used lo only
three or lour days,. now frequently_. continue
twelve or fourteen : That general beggary pro-
duced indolence and slavery, and could neither
make us happy at home or respectable abroad.
It then went on to complain of the taxes, and at-
tributed to the House the raising pt rents by
enacting the Corn Laws, thus from time th' time
compensating the rich by injuring the poor:Such
conduct, it added, destroyed all traces' of- that
liberality which formerly distingnislred the coun-
try :• That the petitioners viewed witl4 indlgfiation.
and sorrow the conduct of ,Ministers, in impri-
soning honest Reformers on charges.. of treason,
when no treason had been coruniitted That the.
selfish principlesolthe House was the main cause
of their calamities ; and they hoped the Ilouse
would analyse its political principles. The prayer
of the Petition was, that the Corn Dill might be
repealed,- its order that rents might fall, and that,
by the exercise of liberal principles, the_ social
comforts of the people might be restored.
Mr. BANKES said, it would be improper for the
House to extend its indulgence to a Petition ex.
pressing general opinions of this h The Stand-
ing Order of the House forbade the re,aition of
such a Petition.

LYTTLETON thought the Petition highly
disrespectful, It was not even addressed in the
usual form, to the Honourable the House of Com-
mons of the United Kingdom. -
Mr. WYNNE thought nobody entrldio,oti..at Cie
Petition,' and see the House acenseti,r4 it oi sLI-
- principles, without being convinced that it was
sent for the purpose of indignity.
itir. LA M ETON conic! not agree with the view
the Hon. gentleman bad taken of.libe F,nbieet.
lle saw nothing at all offensive iir.the- words of
the petition, nor any thing derOgatorY to tte dig-
nity of the• House to hear. There was nothing
offered that could be construed as insulting to the
House, and it• objections to its reception were
persisted in, be woutd.call for 'a.divi,ion.

The CH,NcELLO3 of the EXCHFCLUER thought
the petitiort very improper, ioasinuclt a it accilsed
the flotise of ..being i;tfll►enced by tellish prinei-
phs:

Mr. TiEntinT ,contended :hat the Petiqem only
meant to say, that the House ha!! actC;don.Ratrow
It ought not to- he expected that the Pe-
titioners were to convey their Avords (pile In a
correct sense, or it tnighf as troll-be said at °nen
that men shall not petition on the subject of Par-
liamentary Reform. It there Lad hen any thin

views.

• • n'
in:recent the Peti‘tiOn, or any apparent ncte
tion of the Petitioners to insult the House, be
should have opposed it ; bait there was only tike
unhappy %void "selfish," which had given olfelice
to some Gentlemen, and which, in opioiart'
had no offensive weaning.
The flouse then divided on the question that
the Petition be received—
Ayes l4
Noes

Majority ...,... —23
-Mr. Goncn presented Petition from. the
Butchers of the County of Suffolk, against t.
Horse I)uty.
The Cut,NcGLLOit of the EXCHCQUER did "4
mean to object to the Petition. lie said a
lew words, whi:l could nut be distinctly hear'h
u
respecting the differece to be inade between
horses used for agricultural purposes and o"er
trades.
Lord AurnottrE was of opinion, that if even
horse that never had' a saddle on his backoree 1,1;
a year was to he charged with the horse duty/
'would tend to diminish' the breed of horses.
The Petition was received.
Lord DREIUMRST presented a petition siv,,ne(lll
the Attornies and Solicitors of the City and Cool
o;' Worcester, praying that persons who were 11°
duly qualified might he prevented from interfel
with tht!Conveyancing part of the profession,whic_
WAS the most lucrative and extensive line Of- bd:i
siness to country attornies. Lordship
Parliament, would take this evil into their eOtol",e;
ration, and repeal so much of the Statute of t.
44th and 55th of his present Majesty as bore tir';
the present case. The petition was most i‘tere
spectably signed.—Read, and put upon the tau
of the House.

The New Churches' Bill 'vent through a Cafil:
tnittee, the report of which was received, awl °-,11
dered to be taken into furtherconsideratia"
Monday sennight, and the Bill to be printed. '
The American Trade Bill was reed a third time
and passed;
The (louse went into a Committee on the Gl'6s,
Acts, in which certain resolutions for continoil
theeNisting duties were agreed to. The report
was orderell to be received to-morrow.
Mr: LUSaINGTON broupht in a 11-,11 for reP"s
ing certain . duties and Customs, and dwell'''.
others in lieu of them.
Lord EA CEI. LES „Q 11
thiS.Occasion, thin
liouse.lwas, thought it right to call their attent;J"
to, the operation of a measure which had beea
bronglit forward two ye'as s ago. The Act f.
which- he referred was intended,' by imposi"gti,
heavy duty on the importation of rape-seed, I,
e.ncourage the growth of it at borne. Thistebe
feet, however, had not been produced, as
graiving of rape-reed was, in many instance
prohibited by covenant introduced into leas"
that expr"ess pprpose. The consequenceZnagg
the price of rape-seed had risen from 35 sh""'"
to 65 shillings or 70 shillings per ton. otl'tt
port of the country where he resided, ror":e,e,,E
dust was the manure used, and
it the hind could not be brought into cultivation'A
considcrable burthen was in const'r}uence
thrown on the ngricullurist who wied
•
ing to not less than 101. per last-, throut:h the °Pet:
ration of the Bill to wniell he had called (licit.
It:1)0w).

Mr. LustuNGToN 'was unrterstood to say a be!.
ter opportunity for tot-jug this subject' into con'},
()oration would oiler before the Bill now bruagli
in could pass through the [louse.
The Bill was read a first, and ordered to
read a.seccnd time b4l Tuesday se'nnight•
FORCEBY.
of The
General TnoaNToN called the attention
I-lonse to the great- increase of FoNery of l3arrals
QE- England Notes,. the consequence "'of whi"„'n'vy
.a general
..distrust of that species of curri„cii.‘
Tradesmen often refnsednotes in their uncer":'-ii:/:'
arnd thus lost eti.t 'on); or took bad ones, 10"
lost their property. :Elie number t,f critnin(d',"to
so increased, that the Bank bad been oblige"
comproutise the matter, and take convictio"srip.
minor charges,' to avoid the frequency of
trans.. It was shocking that this state of tdo
~sh9uldcontitine, without an attempt-at a rem`
by
,increasing. the obstacles in the
ForgericS:
.16 1797 a Note was st,hoots-oc
10 the, Bank ,by Mr. Tilloch, which the gi„,ed
_engravers of that day (Bartolozzi, Heath' A-v.
_others), declared that they could not imitate' i 'el
T erry, the engraver of the Bank, had
'what be conceived, to be an imitation of it,
these engravers had declared that it was not cot
e
rect. A reason should be given why this or 8911c1-e
other plan had not been adopted. The exPeriec
had been mentioned, but no probable e%l'efFi'
could overhahnce the injury dooe to moral"' --(ed
sides the injury to property_ The expeovc,e,wiii
prosecutions, when it was exhibite'''
ifiew that this species of ecoimmy tva'
plied. Ile hoped, therefore, a,..;ntumittee ~co to
be moved fear by some or the Bank Firect°;/;i4
know whether every thing had been done ty,
was' possit;le ; it-they did not perform (hi' (nL1,41,
he hory..d the Chancellor of the Exclietitler /scialbt
especially after the notice he had ,iven that
br'4lo
The motion which he made was only to
down accounts before the House to the late°,
period. He moved for "an account of the rit
tl
Bank oh .England Notes, Preserl'eca
toe payment to the Itank of England, and ret"'G.l;
On the ground of their being forged, for the "
yeals-,- trout Cac -IJ CS t period to which the
count, can' be made up," t
Air.GRENFELt. said, his Hominra! le and Gears—t
ir'rienCl, the Member for Naitn (Sir Mac"tno
lost)) had given notice of st.Vetal motions on 0)to
'subjett,.in which this caution w's included. of
...General T N TON then consented to witbar9
Iris notion.—Adjourned.

13er
Yesterday,
,at. St. An Elatlifriari, Mr. Benjamin,hter
:31t.y, Bo!t-eon,t, Fleet street, to only daub
and of :klr. Poo!;, of Mat,,ion-house-stroet.

. .
DIED. ,
On the s2Blll u!*.. at her mother's house, Edinburgh, MOE
Eupherria Young, wife of John Young, Esq. younge'','
Beflwooi, and (I,,;hter of the lute Nei: Macvicar, Esqvest
• On Strrkav th,.! .5 I 1 I inst. at tarrhemi, in tn(f
Iliditi.rs of the Giunty of "fad>, Waintn:,n;E°C.
the 7.sth!-ear of Ibis age.

LONDON: I!rioteil by 3. B. C.A.IISTA MS, No. 291 A•
Ormorid-street, Qut!orr-sciiiare; and puhll3l;vd ;;ul4
SCRIPPS, of No. 7, South Moiton-stittl, ;it I'7l
Office, No. Strand ;- where Adrel;i,eincorS: u.l"-
Lctl-5, (puit-krthl) utast I.Pe itthi; ussed.
