resi,le.i,t. In the county cf Rnxburgh, the number of thecons•ti;neccy,
congruency, in 1832, was 1,188 ; not one-scventh of which
were non-resider t Shortly before the late election the num-
her of non-residents had reached 444. In 1832, the liferents
were about 33, all of whom were resident. In 1837, the same
class had increased to 59, of whom 87 were non-resident.
The constituency of Peebles-shire, in 1832, was 301. Since
thst year a large body had been added to the constituency, for
it now amounts to 576. In 1832, the non-rraiden's were 13 ;
no:-that class amounts to 218; being nearly equal to the
on inttl constituency. The lift rents, in 1532, were ortif 8.
hile I now write they have reached 137, of whom 121 arc
non-residents. In Selkirkshire, in 1832, the constituency was
180; the number registered since that time is 144 (qu. 344 ?);
being nearly double the Amount of the constituency 1532•
The whoe constituency is now 562, being more than double
the number enrolled the year following the passing of the Re-
form Bill. In 1832, there r ere no ron-resident voters; in
1836, the number of this claw enrolled was 288, being more
than the 1-,al constituency. In 1832, there aver., only 12 life-
renters, which included the clergy and schoolmasters. During
the ;_resent year, 89 liferenters haveb:en placed on the list of
voters, 87 of whom were non.resideuts : so that the whole,
number of liferenters at the present timelV2S 112, and 107 of
these non. residents. This was certainly the real mode of pro-
ducing re-action But what can any ;ane mind think of it?
What will men say, who have heard the Tory shout of re-
action during i
the last three months, now that the mode of its
creation has been fairly developed?"
This statement is pregnant with instruction to Re-
formers. Can anything more clearly show that the
county representation of Scotland is fast approaching
to what it was before the passing of the Reform Bill,
—that is, to a mere mockery? Let this fraululent
expansion of the constituency go on a little longer,
and there will not be a county in which the power
of returning the member will not be in the hands
of persons holding qualifications entirely fictitious,
Was this the intention of those who framed the Re-
form Act? We do not believe it was ; but we arc
bound to say, that if no means are taken to apply an
immediate remedy to those glaring abuses, by which
that Act has been perverted into the most powerful
engine of political slavery ever invented by man,
! a doubt—a damning doubt must rest upon their good
faith in the minds of the people. There is but one
way to vindicate their sincerity ; and that is by inter-
posing a legislative check to the monstrous corruptions
which their own measure has engendered.
We recommend this pamphlet, which is written
with much spirit and considerable ability, to the atten-
tion of our readers.

Letters and papers from Madrid to the lit inst.
ave been received, but their contents are of no inte-

rest whatever.

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday have
all been received. They bring the conclusion of the
debate in the Chamber of Peers on the Address in
answer to the Speech from the throne, which was
adopted without an amendment by a majority of 130
votes against 12. Of the debate, whieh.was very in-
teresting, an outline will be found in another part of
this Journal. In the Chamber of Deputies on Sa-
turday, M. DuPIN, the President, read a draught of
the Address prepared by the Committee, and inti-
mated at the conclusion of it that the debate thereon
would commence on Monday (this day.) The Ad-
dress is only remarkable fur containing a paragraph
recommending the conversion of the interest upon the
Public Debt—a question which is not once alluded to
in the Royal Speech. We may observe of the
debate in the Chamber of Peers that it reflects
the greatest credit upon the liberal opposition, in an as-
sembly hitherto notorious for its slavish submission to the
Minister for the time being. It is moreover but
justice to the President of the Council to state, that
in the name of his colleagues, he affected no mystery
inconsistent with his duty as the servant of a Repre-
sentative Government-; he frankly assured the Chamber
that he would keep possession of the footing obtained
by France in Africa—that he would not advise the
sending of a French army across the frontier—and
that he was not prepared to adopt any decided line
of policy having for its object the resuscitation of
Poland by force of arms. However much we may
disapprove of the policy of the French Government,
we are always delighted to record instances of candour
in its proceedings. We detest shuffling, subterfuge,
and mystery in matters afFecting the happiness of

nations.
There is very little political news of any
interest lit
the French journals of Friday and Saturday, Vf I'tit the
ClCeptiOli of the following paragraphs :
The Europe has the following :—" An Italic confederation,
of the same nature as the German confederation, is being Pre-
pared and completed at this moment, A diet is to sit at Bo-
logna or Ferrara, where each power is to have its representa-
tives with the following division :—Naples, 4 votes ; Pied-
mont, 4 ; the Pope, 3 ; Austria, 6 ; the Grand Duke of Tus-
cany, 2 ; Parma, Lucca, Modena, each I. This diet is to
have its army in common, and its special deliberations to sup-
port and defend the differetit States entering into the Confe-
deration."
We find the following in the Chaste: —" According to
our correspondent at Munich, the Bavarian Goverament
has just decided upon a measure which is no less interest-
ing to our departments on the Rhine than to the ad-
joining provinces in Bavaria. The King has given his
assent to the forn-astion of a railroad, which, taking its
departure from the Rheinahautz of Mannheim, will join
with a French line running from Strasburg to the frontier.
This important work, which has for some time been the abject
of an important tiegutiation between the Cabinets of Paris
and Munich, is a new proof of the good understanding which
prevails between the two Governments, as well as of their
constant solicitude to promote the welfare of their respective
countries. Everything, moreover, tends to create a belief that
this new mode of communication will be executed without
delay ; for as long ago as November, a surrey has been made
in the department of the 13as Rain of the line along which
the road is to be carried ; and on the other side, the regency
of Spire, as early as Soptctnbar 26, officially gave notice of
the consent of the Government to the establishment of the
railroad, and the formation of a joint -stock company for carry-
ing it into execution within the Birarian territory.
Extract of a letter from Madrid, dated Dec. 26, quoted by
the Jim:ago. :—" The agent of the house of Rothschild has
lately been honoured with an audience of the Queen Regent-
Hence it is inferred that the negocistion for a row foreign
loan, undertaken by this house, is far advanced. We are not
acquainted with all the terms proposed, but we know that they
have been considered as satisfactory by M. 13aradji, and that
Count d'Ofalia has bimaelf acknowledged that Spain her
present circumstances could not expect to (Atria any more fa-
vourable. It is asserted that Messrs. Rothschild have not
been willing to undertake this transaction alone, but arc Sup-
ported by other great capitalists, both in London and Paris."
A letter from Martinique, of 24th October, says:—
" The Nayude corvette, Captain Grundet, which was sent
from Martinique in search of the pirates whom Captain Cordon
of the Jeanne d' Acre, Merchantman declared that he had met
with near the Canaries, has returned from Ills eruise which
lasted three months. Captain Grundet has carefully explored
the environs of these Islands, after having cellectad at St.
Croix and Teneriffe where he anchored, such information as
would have indubitably enabled him to trace the liratcs if
there had been any in those seas. From the investigations
theship,
Jeannebo u
ndd' Acre cuff,
tit
ePeninsular red, ust be attributed
which this officer has mace, it seems probable that the acts of
m
h
c Cube,
bio
tpoilskagmeew4achnist
culpable conduct. of which may be accounted for by slit
distress in which it was by the necessity of procuring •
rrta..t,
it
FL,
Numo MOM.
Hee per Cents., lig 15r. 1 C. sc. li/c.
Four per ('ents , lelf.
Hare per Cents. 7-4. Sac. 75f. L.c. 711'.
Bank Aetisns,2;`,ssf.
onteste Naples, tiff. Self. 14'c. sc.
Roman Five per Cents., 100%.
Spanish Actives, :SONO',
Spanish Passives, 314.
Belgian Bank, 1,49t1f. 1,455 f.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. 10.
sictuianr. ON LONDON
0:.1- month, paper, —l. —c. ; looney, 47441
Dree months, paper, —l.
LAS)' PRICE)i.
Five per Cents.
Three per Cents., M. 211 c,
Tank Actions, '2.,55Lf.
Itomaii, I uo%.
Belgian Bank, 1,1551.
Portuguese T lam per Ceuta., I%
Spanish Active's,
Spanish Passives,
Spanish Differs., 514..
BEI_Lil AN UNDS—Baussuts, JAN a.
Actual Debt, '.1!4 per Cent.
Itothschilsi's Loan, 5 per Cent. lto%
Loan of Thirty aliiliuns
Loan of City, igv2, 4 per Cent. IaIL
Society of Cuinnierce, 40, per Cent lseo
Bank of Lelgium, S per Cent
National Society .
—Brussels Papers, Jan. 6.
AUSTRIAN FU:lDS.—ViaNxii, Me. cc,
Five per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three k:qr Cents.
Bank Shares ... tura
—4llgemeine Zeibeng. Jon 3.

The annexed important Letter from Bayonne is
copied from our Contemporary the Chronicle of this
morning. Of the correctness of the statement which
it contains we have no means of forming a correct opi-
