LONDON \y EDNESnA EI,T .4.,NING, JUNE 19. 1833.

GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA, JUNE 6.—The obsequies of the late Prussiar
ambassador, Baron Von Malzahon, took place yesterday.
Almost all the Ministers and foreiitn ambassadors fellowtd
his mortal remains to the churchyard of Defiling, when
the coffin was deposited in a vault adorned for the occa-
sion with flowers and garlands, to proceed in th,
evening to the family vault cm the estate of Mecklen-
burg. The house of Prince Metternich was plunged into
mourning the day before yesterday, by the death of hi,
youngest child, the Prince, born only six weeks ago.
The procession of Corpus Christi to-day was favoured
by the finest weather. Their Majesties, the young KU,g
and Queen of Hungary, and several persons of the impe-
rial family, accompanied it.
FRANKFORT, JUNE 10.—The editor of the Angenteine
Zeitnng has published a long document, purporting to
he a declaration of his Serene Highness Duke Charles ed-
Brunswick and Lunenburg to the Germ in Diet, to
his Majesty William IV., King of the United King-doe,
of Great Britain and Ireland, King of Hanover, &c. ; and
to his Serene Highness Prince William of Brons;,,ick.
This declaration, which is a protest against the decree
of the King of Hanover, Duke William of. Brunswick,
and the King's brothers, by which Duke Charles is de- I
clared incapable of managing his own affair., was sent, as
the Editor of the Allgemeine Zeitung says, from Paris,
with the intimation that it had been addressed on the
13th of May, 1833, by the King's Advocate in the Tribu-
nal of the Departments of the Seiene, Ist. to the King of
Great Britain and Hanover, 2J. to Duke William of
Brunswick, and 3d. tut the President of the Germa❑ Diet.
Fur communicating this paper we are at the same time au-
thorized expressly to declare that this pretended document
has not been received by the Diet or by its President.
Frankfort Paper, June 11.
Their Royal Highnesses Dukes Alexander and Ernest
of \Virtemherg have arrived here, on their way to London.
The Dor:Pe/twig, a decidedly liberal journal, has the
following letter front Cassel of the 20th May :--" People
talk and write a great deal of an agitation which they
say prevails throughout Germany. During the last two
months I have travelled through several of the States of
the German Confederation, I have conversed with per-
sons of all the classes of society, and I am able to assert
that this agitation amounts to little or nothing. It is
true that amelioration, is wished and openly called for,
but at the same time people do not dissemble the horror
they entertain of revolutionary measures. All that is re-
quired is that our Government take care not to mistake
the extravagant ideas of some mischief makers far that of
the people, who have never ceased to be faithful and loyal,
and that they do not have recourse to measures calculated
to wound the feelings of the people, and to excite a senti-
ment of distrust. Love for love, confidence for confi.
dence, such is, and such ought to be, the motto of the
princes and people of Germany. The moment is certainly
critical, and the difficulties great; but with good will and
prudence many things may be altered and amended. We
hope much from our new Assembly of the Estates, may it
always have in view the true interests of the country."—
Journalde Frankfort, June 10.

GREENOCK.—We are happy to state that
our harbour is beginning to be thronged with shipping, an
appearance most gratifying to the lieges ; mechanics are
well employed ; and we may add, that few or no shops are
unlet at present.—lntelligencer.
BONAPARTE'S RECIPE FOR DISPERSING
a. Mon.-When Louts the XVI. pusillanimously placed
on his head the red cap at the command of the ruffian
Sans Culotes, BONAPARTE, who bad wandered from his
Gaffe towards the Tuileries, could not suppress his surprise
and contempt whe❑ he saw Majesty so degraded. " The
wretches !" said the young artillery man ; " they should
have cut down the first five hundred with grape shot,
and the rest would soon fly." And he added "as to that
fellow with the red cap, it's all over with him."

NEW LINE OF ROAD ACROSS THE MOOR-,
rour. —We are glad to see the long con templated ►owl acrcds
the Moorfoot Hills at length commenced. This will be of
immense advantage to those on the east side of the county
of Peebles, and to the districts of Yarrow and Etterick,
for coal and lime. It is intended to meet the new line
of road lately finished, that crosses the Tweed leading in
the direction of these places. It will open up the most
romantic and pastoral scenery to be found in the south of
Scotland. It leaves the Goldwater road on the south sides
of the property of Mr. MITCHELSON of Middleton; and
after ascending the bill in a sloping western direction, it
passes through the property of Mr. FRASER of Gar-
vald, and after passing ReAaw Wood, and Ladyside, in
the parish of Heriot, where part of the scenery of the
" Forresters," by Professor Wresme, is laid, it passes on
to Dewar, the property of Mr. CRANSTON of Harvieston,
and after passing the Piper's Grave, the Wolf's Clough,
the Dewar Gill, on the borders of the county, about
which so many curious and fearful things are spoken, it
passes down Glentress water, passing the foot of the high
topped Windlestraw Hill, from which so many counties
are seen, to the beautiful village of Innerleithen, thereby
shortening the road by several miles to that far-famed
watering place.— Scotsman.
HONOUR TO WHOM HONOUR IS DUE.—We
believe there is no class of Christians more anxious to
fulfil this injunction than the door-keepers of our Scottish
churches, but, like most men, they often fall into the sad
blunder of honouring a good coat in place of a good con-
science. An instance of the danger of trusting implicitly
to dress in the selection of persons deserving honour,
occurred the other Sabbath in a church not a hundred
miles from the Cross of Edinburgh. A stranger "in gay
clothing" made Isis entree, and was soon recognised by the
door-keepers as one to be shown into " a fine place."
One of their number led the supposed gentleman into a
genteel seat in front of the gallery, but on getting a nearer
glance of the stranger's face, be thought he discovered a
certain something about its contour, which half inclined
him to retract_his civility. By this time, however, he
had gone too far to recant, and at all hazards lie seated
his man—a notorious thimbler ! The ladies in the seat
looked a little askance at their new companion, while the
gentlemen buttoned up their pockets, and as the swindler
was known to many in the church, the " doomed seat"
was rather unceremoniously glanced at during the sermon.
From certain articles that have since been missed by indi-
viduals in his neighbourhood, it appears that the thimble-
man had been fully as alive to the temporal as to the spi-
ritual profits to be derived from his " fine Owe." The
door-keepers have vowed that in future they will bestow no
honour upon a good coat, unless the coat be accompanied
by an " honourable" countenance.—Scotsman.
ANSTRUTHER.—A MISER.—Died here,
on the 29th ultimo, Alexander Sim, a man of most ec-
centric habits, the mainspring of which was avarice. For
more than 30 years he carried on the business of a saddler
in a mean-looking shop, and, from being the only trades-
man of his calling within a circuit of several miles, he was
well employed. This extraordinary character was a native
of Dundee, though little is known of his history prior to
his settling here. During the whole period of his residence
he led, when not in his shop, a most recluse life, having
occupied a single apartment as a lodger. As he saw no
company, and his meagre aspect and threadbare garments
sufficiently indicated a self-denial of animal comforts, it
was naturally inferred he was saving money, but he was
constantly complaining of poverty and bad times. Little
was known of his relations, or whether he had any; and
the only clue obtained as to their existence is a letter found
in his pocket from a sister-in-law, a widow with a large
family, dated Greenock, about a week prior to his decease,
soliciting the loan of a few pounds, which his housekeeper
says he flung from him with great warmth, vowing she
should not have a farthing, and declaring, that if such
unreasonable demands were complied with, he should be
a ruined man ! As there was no relation at his funeral,
after the last ceremonies were over, his room and shop
were searched by the town-clerk, to ascertain what pro-
perty be bad. In a chest, the key of which was hid in
an old shoe, receipts were found for• 2,0001. deposited in
different banks, and 1'74/. in bank notes were in his pock-
ets. As no will was found, his whole property, it is sup-
posed, will devolve to the children of the rejected suppli-
cant already mentioned—his brother's widow—consisting,
besides money, of lands and tenements in Dundee and
elsewhere. His butcher's account for twelve months, it
appears, amounts only to 30s. ; and a clothier's discharged
account was found for 91., being the amount for his
clothes for nine years. He paid ls. per week for his room,
and as fire could not be included in this meagre pittance,
he used to pass his winter evenings by the fireside of his
neighbour, when be sometimes, by way of amends, treat-
ed him with a bottle of small beer.—Edinburgh Evening
Post.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUTE 18.

The Royal Assent was given by Commission to t'
Consolidated Fund Bill, Police Offices (London) Bill, Staf
.01-(lBritieryßi!l, Clarence (Durham) Railway Bill, Wig-
;.)enll.lll Drainage Bill, Butterton Road Bill, Bitty and
Newmarket Road Bid, Watling-street (Salop) Road Bill.
Murton's Estate Bill, Vere's Estate Bill, Little Salkeld
(Cumberland) Enclosure Bill.
The Commissioners were, the LORD CHANCELLOR,
the Duke of RICHMOND, and the Earl of RIPON.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from Cavan for
an alteration in the criminal law of this country, arid
from Bradford against the Apothecaries Act Amendment
Bill.
Lord DUNDAS presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery from Huddersfield, Long Brickby, and other places.
Lord WESTERN moved the second reading of the St.
Luke's Poor Bill.
Lord SEAGRAVE felt compelled to move as an amend-
Inent that the Bill should be read a second time that day
six months, on the ground that the present vestry, winch '
consisted of 724 persons, would, by the operation of the
Bill, be increased to 3,000.
Lord. KENYON supported the amendment.
Lord SUFFIELD was in favour of the second reading
of the Bill.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE would vote for the second
reading, feeling anxious that the merits of the question
should be discussed in Committee.
Lord WYNFORD supported the amendment of the
Noble Lord on cross ~encli (S agrave).
The Earl of SUFFOLK, after hearing the statements
of the different Noble Lords who had spoken on the ques-
tion, confessed he was as much in the dark as at first on
the subject ; he should therefore vote for the second read-
ing of the BPI, to afford an opportunity for its going into
Committec.—(A laugh.)
After some observations from Lord WESTERN in reply,
The LORD CHANCELLOR put the question, and
the Home divided, when their appeared—

For the second reading
For the amendment
Majority against the second reading —ll
The Bill was consequently los►t.
The Stnrin Duties Repeal Bill was reported, and ordered
to be read a third time. . . .

The Bills on the table were forwarded a stage, and the
House adjourned at ten minutes past six o'clock.

ROUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 18

The SPEAKER took the chair at five o'clock.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from various
parts of the United Kingdom against the grant of
20,000,0001. to the West India proprietors in the way of
compensation for the freedom of the slaves. The petitioners
expressed their belief that the planters would not sustain
any injury in consequence of emancipating the negroes,
and insisted that this country was not able to bear the
weight of any additional amount of taxation. The Hon.
and Learned Member then gave notice of his intention
in Committee on the Irish Tithe Commutation Bill, to move
the introduction of a clause to charge the tithe owners with
all costs of suits incurred wantonly and maliciously,
under pretence of recovering tithes in 1833. On
Thursday next he should also move for the appointment
of a Select Committee to inquire into the expediency and
practicability of constructing a ship canal between the city
of Dublin and the harbour of Kingstown ; and on Tues.
d iy 25th June, he should move for leave to bring in a Bill
to amend the 2d, and 3d, William IV., cap. 59, entitled an
Act to amend the representation of the people of Ireland.
Sir R. INGLIS brought up the 28th report of the
Committee on public petitions, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved for the production of an
abstract of the report made in pursuance of an order of the
13th February last, relative to tithes in Ireland.
The Deputy Usher of the Black Rod then appeared at
the Bar, and summoned the House to attend the Lords,
fur the purpose of hearing his Majesty's assent given, by
C(,mmission, to certain Bills (for which see the Lords'
report).
Mr. O'CONNELL then moved for certain returns re-
lative to the number of persons registered, and the
amount of their qualifications, since the last return, with
the view, as the Hon. and Learned Gentleman stated, of
bringing the conduct of the revising barrister for the
county of Tipperary, especially in reference to the borough
of Clonmel, distinctly before the House.
Mr. RONAYNE spoke in support of the return.
Mr. D. BROWNE had heard complaints of a different
sort—that of persons being registered who ought not to
have been registered ; this had appeared on the evidence
before the Committee on the election. In the county of
Mayo no less than 1,350 persons had claimed to be re-
gistered, of whom only between forty and fifty had a vote.
Mr. SHAW felt surprised that the Hon. Member for
Dublin, with his knowledge of the forms of the House,
should bring forward such notic,s as must lead to discus-
sions without giving previous notice.
Mr. LITTLETON thought that any discussion was
irregular : but he did not object to the returns.
Mr. O'CONNELL then moved for an abstract of the
return of the amounts of tithes levied under the Act of
last session.—Abstract ordered.
Mr. G. LAMB brought up various returns that had
been ordered by the House.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the return of the
number of parish churches in Ireland, in which divine
service had not been performed for the last three years be
printed.—Ordered accordingly.
The Carrickfergus Disfranchisement Bill was ordered,
upon the motion of Mr. O'CONNELL, to be read that
day se'nnight.
Lord ALTHORP suggested to the Hon. Member for
Sheffield, that it would be of much convenience to the
business of the House if the Hon. Member would be good
enough to postpone his motion which stood for that night.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM would concede to the wishes of
the. House, seeing that it was of much importance that
the Irish Church Temporalities Bill should proceed with
as little delay as possible. He hoped the House would not
do the less justice to his (Mr. Buckingham's) motion,
when it came before the House, which he would fix for
next Tuesday.
Colonel EVANS rose to make the motion of which he
had given notice for the repeal of that proviso in the
Reform Act, which disfranchised a voter in consequence of
the previous non-payment of his poor rates and assessed
taxes. He would not occupy much time, and therefore
hoped the House would permit him to proceed. Indeed all
that was to be said on the subject lay in a very few words.
The proviso was extremely short, but he believed it bad
had the effect of disfranchising no less than from 200,010
to 300,000 householders.—( Hear.) There were nearly
20,000 voters in Westminster under the Reform Act, but
was
nconnostequence consideredo of
tothisbe m
partoirce titan particular proviso,
4,60
o thenr
wasber
the greatest number that had voted at the last election.
If the qualification had been 201. instead of 101. there
would have been as many voters as there were now with this
proviso. It was originally proposed that the nonpayment
of rent should. be considered a disqualification, as well as
the non-payment of taxes, but that stipulation was re-
moved; and, singular enough, at the suggestion of one
(Sir E. Sugden) who was opposed to the passing of the
Act altogether. (Hear, hear.) If the respecta-
bility of the voters was the object, undoubtedly it was
as important fur that object that rent should be paid, as
that taxes should be paid. The proviso had opened the
door to great corruption. He believed the corruption at
the last two elections to have been as great as on any former
occasion whatever. Indeed there never had been an instance
in which there had been more, if so many, cases in which
corruption had been proved as thereenheartlallyatcotnhneeclteastti
election. The number of persons employed in collecting
the taxes was very great; those persons had extremely
arbitrary powers, and as they were g
with some party or other, they ought to be looked
upon with great jealousy. As the Hon. Member had said,
the proviso opened a door to great corruption. He knew
many cases in which the poor rates and taxes had been
paid for housekeepers before the day of the registration ;
and, undoubtedly, if the object of his Majesty's Government
was to limit and diminish the number of votes by this
proviso, that object must be considered as having been
fully attained. The Honourable Gentleman said he
would now proceed to read an extract from a
speech delivered on the subject by Sir Edward Sugden.
The Hon. and Gallant Member, having read the passage
alluded to, observed, that if the Noble Lord (Althorp)
was prepared to say, that in consequence of the clause
in the Bill of which he complained, the frtnchise
had not been limited to an extraordinary extent, in•
deed much greater than had been anticipated, he

(PRICE 7D.)

would almost cotisnt to withdraw his motion. He con
dueled by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal tha

olause in the Reform Bill.
Mr. HUME seconded the motion.
Lord ALTHORP rose and spoke in his usual very low
tone of voice, which rendered it exceedingly difficult to
hear a single perfect sentence. He observed that he was
not disposed to accede to the motion.—(Hear.) He
considered it much more advisable to see the
operation of the clause, during another election.
As for the particular clause, the object of it was that
persons who occupied houses of the value of 101. a year,
should be entitled to the franchise, and that the proof of
that occupation should be the payment of rates
and taxes.—(Hear, hear.) He was aware that at the
Isst registration that clause had limited the franchise
more than it was intended to do, but that would not lead
the House to infer that the same effect would be produced
at any futut e registration. There were several causes that
operated to produce that effect at the last registration,among
which were the ignorance of the law by some, and neglect
on the part of others, to pay their rates withia the pre-
scribed period. The law was now, however, well known to
every one. As regarded the number of persons who had
been disfranchised, which the Hon. and Gallant Member
had stated as being hundreds of thousands, lie cou'id not bring
himself to believe it was so large. The object of the clause
was certainly to prevent fraud liy proving the voter to be
a bona fi-le occupier.
Mr. HUME said, the Noble Lord seemed to admit that the
number of voters had been considerably limited, and he was
surprised that any opposition was manifested to the motion.
He knew that during the canvass for the late election for
Marylebone, many electors stated to the candidates that
they were exceedingly willing and anxious to vote, but from
their embarrassed circumstances they could not afford to
pay their rates, and expressed a wish that the
candidates should enable them to pay them.—(Hear.)
He (Mr. Home) thought that every man who occupied a
house, v. hich was valued at 10/., ought to be considered
as a person fit to be intrusted with the elective franchise.
The payment of taxes did not appear to him at all to come
into the consideration of the principle of the question.
On these grounds he supported an Hon. Friend of
his, the Member for Bridport, on a former occasion,
when he presented a petition, i❑ an attempt to alter that
clause. Everything that had taken place from that time
to this convinced him that the right of every man
to enjoy the franchise ought not to rest on pay-
ing taxes, and he therefore thought that this was
an unfair tax, because it might fall on a man who,
from some temporary embarrassment, might not be able
to pay it. He was extremely sorry the Noble Lord opposite
did not view this matter in the same way as he and many
others did. An election might take place in the course
of this year—it was net at all improbable—(Loud and
continued laughter) and therefore he thought the
Bill ought to be made as perfect as possible, arid that
they ought not to seek to lessen the electors more than
they were already reduced. What the Government had
held out to the House had not been realized by one-half,
and he, therefore, cordially supported the motion of his
Hon. Friend.

Mr. WARBURTON and Mr. RONAYNE supported the

motion.

Colonel EVANS replied. He had not heard one word
which was a satisfactory answer to his proposition, and
he would say the conduct of Government, on the present
occasion, was not such as to increase their already much
depreciated popularity. He was, however, determined to
take the sense of the House on his motion.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the
House divided, when there appeared--

_
For the motion
Against B4
Majority against the motion
CORN LAWS.

Mr. FRYER presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Wolverhampton, complaining of a want of a market for
their manufactures, and praying for the repeal of the corn
laws, or such an alteration of them as will allow them to
exchange their manufactures for food. The petitio❑ was
laid on the fable. _ _ _

Mr. FRYER then rose to make the motion of which
he had given notice, on the subject of the crown lands.
Unaccustomed as he was to public speaking—(Laughter)—
the only thing that gave him confidence was the justice
of his cause ; but not only was his cause just,
but the object that be had in view more im-
portant than the end proposed to be obtained by
any measure brought forward by his Majesty's Ministers.
What did he want? He, radical reformer as he was, did not
want to dethrone the King or overthrow the Constitution,
but to provide employment and food for the people, which
bad laws had deprived them of. The scarcity of
food was not the act of God, but the act of man
—the act of a landed oligarchy which bad long
ruled the country in spite of the people.—(Cheers.) The
means by which he proposed to attain an undeniable good
were honest and just. He wished to reduce taxation, and
abolish all monopolies ; and particularly the first and
greatest, the monopoly of food and labour—(Cries
of " Hear, hear, bear").—without which no reduction
of taxation would be of service. By the repeal of the
window tax, money would be put into the pockets, first of
the householders, and then of the houseowners, but it would
do no good to the public. You might repeal the malt tax,
but with the present monopoly it would merely put the
tax into the pockets of the landlords. Landlor !Is
might pretend to talk about having a wholesome
beverage by the reduction of a duty.—(Hear, hear.)
The reason of our distress was that people had increased

without a corresponding increase of food. In 1801 there
were 10,900,000 inhabitants ; in 1831 there were
16,500,000, and now there were probably 17,000,000.
Therefore, there were now more than three acres to
each inhabitant. He asked, whether there had been
a corresponding increase in manufactures ? The people
bad suffered, and they must still suffer. The corn laws
prevented our exchanging the manufactures of this country
for the corn of other countries. The corn laws were
injurious alike to the agriculturist and the manufac-
turer. The present condition of the manufacturers
was a state of slavery worse than the slavery in
the West Indies, where the slaves were driven to that
work which they gave to their master by the cart whip.
They were about to open the trade to China ; but in his
opinion it would be better to open it with those countries
which could afford us a supply of cern in return for ma•
nufictures. And what was the effect of those laws upon
the labourers ?—that they were under a worse slavery
than the slaves in the West Indies ; for the latter were
driven by a cart-whip only—the former were driven by
neeessity. The Hon. Member then stated, that the corn
laws had been opposed by the Tory Lord Grenville, in
1815, on the score of justice; but supported by the
Member for Oxford and other Tories, on the score of
expediency. It was the same with the emancipation of the
Catholics. The Tories had at first voted against the mea-
sure, but latterly they changed their minds, on the score
of expediency. Those, however, who bad thus changed
were bastard Tories—(A laugh)—bred upon a dunghill.
—(Loud laughter.) The apostate Whip, likewise, who
had always supported the repeal of the corn laws, had no
sooner got into power, than they kicked away the ladder
by which they had climbed.—(A laugh.) He would ask,
upon what ground the landholders asked protection for
their corn? He would answer by saying, that it was for
nothing but to commit robbery on the people. The oli-
garchical landlords told the people that they claimed it in
order to remunerate the farmer and encourage agriculture.
No one was more anxious to afford protection to the
farmer than he (Mr. Fryer), but this protection, he would
maintain, was afforded to the farmer in order that the re-
muneration might be put into the pocket of the landlord.
--(Hear.) The farmer had become a mere sub-vassal to
the landlord—a mere sponge for the landlord to squeeze.
—(A laugh.) It was then said that the corn laws were
necessary on account of the poor-rat es, which fell heavily
upon the farmer. Now, he would beg to ask who
caused the poor-rates?—(A voice cried, " The manufac-
turers.") No, the landlords caused the poor-rates. By
their exactions they prevented the farmer from cul-
tivating and manuring his farm ; they eat up his ca-
pital, and in that manner brought him to starvation.
The landlords said that they were more heavily taxed
than the inhabitants of towns. He (Mr. Fryer)
admitted it, but so they ought to be—(A laugh)—for taxes
should be laid upon the land, not on the industry of the
country. When the abolitionists came to ask him for his
support, he had asked them whether they would do away
with the Corn Laws ? They told him they did not un-
derstand the question. " Then away with you," cried he.
_(Laughter.) He would vote for the Factory Bill,
because be wanted some of the Cotton Lords to look about
them. The advocates for emigration said that emigration
was good, because it enabled people to live abroad who
