ARCTIC EXPEDITIONS.

A very interesting paper appears in the Nautical
.Magazine for this month, on the risk and general
policy of our recent Arctic Expeditions, and we
were so much struck at the small expenditure of
human life attending the prosecution of this appa-
rently hazardous enterprise, that we have extracted
in a condensed form the following particulars:—
From an accurate investigation of the deaths oc-
curring in the Metropolis they are in the proportion
of one in forty ; but there is good reason for con-
cluding that the number is far greater, there being
prodigious omissions in the records of burials. In
Liverpool, in 1830, the proportion was nearly one
in thirty-eight ; but, as its returns are liable to the
same inaccuracies as in London, the number of
deaths may fairly be computed as exceeding this
ratio. In order, however, to be on the safe side,
the average of the above is taken as one in forty.
With these data a comparison is made of the actual
mortality during a period of 13 years, from 1818 to
1833. comprising the expedi'ions of Ross, Parry
Franklin, Lyon, and Weddell.
The first expedition of Ross was in 1818. He
was absent seven months, with the ships Isabella,
having 57 men, and Alexander, having 37 men.
Out of these 94 men not an officer or man was
even sick.

The last expedition of Ross sailed in 1829, in the
Victory, with 23 men, and returned (without the
ship) in 1833, having been absent no less a period
than four years and a half, during which time they
suffered the most terrible hardships and privations,
almost even to starving. Of this number three only
died, aid two of these were cut off early in the
voyage by diseases not peculiar to the climate.
The first expedition of Parry sailed in 1819, and
returned in 1820. It consisted of the Hecla, with
58 men, and the Griper, with 36. During an ab-
sence of two years only one man died out of the
above 94, and his lungs were diseased before he
embarked.

Parry's second expedition sailed in 1821, and re.
turned in 1823. It consisted of the Hecla, with
sixty men, and the Fury, with fifty-eight. After
an absence of three years, five men only died out of
118. OF these five one %,as killed by accident, one
died of consumption, one from pulmonary affection,
increased by intemperate habits, and one would not
take proper medicines.
The third expedition of Parry was absent two
years, having sailed in 1824, and returned in 1825.
It consisted again of the Hecla and Fury; the
former with sixty-two men, and the latter with sixty.
Out of these 122 only one death Occurred, and that
was hastened by an accident.
Parry's fourth exhibition was about seven months
dur.ng the year 1827. It consisted of the Hecla
and her boats, with 62 men. One death only oc-
curred, to a man who had been in all Parry's pre-
vious peditiaqk
F expedition is not spoken of with
tha ,/e6racyfiirllictk yistinguishes the notice of the
fotegoing, the actual-number of followers not being
stated. Indeed, from the constant variation in the
number, according to circumstances, it is scarcely
possible to come at tile exact truth. The number
V%.i 4

,

11,4 z .1,11/4\
is, 'however, computed at twenty, Ot whom four
died, two of them from gun-shot wounds.
The expedition of Lyon was absent five months,
in 1825. It consisted of the Griper, with forty-one
men. Not a single death occurred, although
the vessel was exposed to dreadful weather, and the
crew suffered considerably in consequence.
The expedition of \Veddel is the last noticed.
This consisted of the Jane, a brig of 160 tons, with
a crew of 22 men, and the Beaufoy, a cutter of 65
tons, with a crew of 13 men. It sailed in 1822 and
returned in 1823, having been absent nearly two
years. During this time one man only died, and
he had been for many years in a consumption.
tion.

The following is the general result of the foregoing
nine expeditions. The number of vessels employed
has been 14, the number of men 609, and the whole
period of their several absences seventeen years and
one month, which amounts to the same thing as
10,403 men had been absent one year, and at the
average rate of mortality assumed above, namely,
1 in 40, 26 deaths should have occurred, whereas
we find that only 16 did actually occur, nine of
which were from causes or disorders wholly uncon-
nected with the climate or expedition, while seven
only can be said to have been occasioned by the ex-
pedition.

The ribbon trade of Coventry is at present
in a very unsatisfactory condition ; and a number of
workmen, dissatisfied with a proposed reduction of prices,
have resolved to stand out and join the Trades' Union.
NORTHALLERTON.--A vacancy is likely
speedily to arise in the representation of this borough.--
Leeds Mercury.

LIVERPOOL COTTON-MARKET, DEC. 24.
—To-day the sales are reported at 2,000 bags. Price•
have a tendency to advance.
A MIS-FIT.—An announcement with which
the overseer of Cirencester favoured an admiring public on
Wednesday week, in a handbill headed with the porten-
tous werds, "prisoner escaped," under which attractive
heading it was impossible that the following notes bene
could escape the eyes of those who are " nothing if not
critical." As he escaped naked, it is probable that the
clothes he now wears may not fit him well !! !—Chelten
ham Chronicle.

EDINBURGH AND ITS DEPENDENCIES IN
1833.—Edinburgh has neither shipping, commerce, nor
manufactures, with the single exception ofshawl weaving,
for which she is unrivalled. Population, 187,000;
1 palace ; 1 university; 2 theatres ; 1,084 squares, streets,
crescents, places, closes, &c. ; 60 churches, chapels, &c. ;
14 banks; 48 fire and life insurance companies, and

agents for ditto ; 354 public buildings, offices, institu-
tions, societies of various kinds ; 122 mail and stage
coaches arrive and depart daily; 349 carriers (torn Edin
burgh to various places; 7 London steam ships; 100
hackney coaches ; 216 advocates ; 600 writers to the
signet; 340 solicitors and writers; 100 accountants; 300
physicians, surgeons, and dentists ; 80 chemists, druggists,
and veterinary surgeons ; 560 teachers of various branches
of education; 500 grocers; 470 spirit-dealers ; 170
taverns and eating-houses; 64 livery stables, including
horse hirers and dealers ; 200 fleshers ; 270 bakers ; 350
tailors; 360 shoemakers; 150 house painters; 360
hooksellers, bookbinders, stationers, engravers ; 17 pawn-
brokers.

It is not generally known, that about a month
ago Montreal was visited by Miss Janette Taylor, niece of
the celebrated Paul Jones. She came to this continent for
the purpose of prosecuting her claims as heiress of the
great property belonging to her uncle in the United
States. Miss Taylor is daughter of Paul Jones's only
sister, who married a Mr. Taylor, a watchmaker in Dum-
fries, Scotland. A friend of ours, an old Dumfresian, re-
members well its being a favourite play among the school-
boys of those days to besiege Mr. Taylor's house, and an-
noy him with singing a nursery rhyme about Paul Jones,
which invariably was the precursor of a mile beat,
and a sound drubbing to th• unfortunate wight who
happened to be csueht. Mrs. Taylor seemed rather to

enjoy the joke, as she would often come to the door and
laugh at the race. Miss Taylor was a short time ago en-
joying the hospitality of the Hon. Mr. Clark at Niagara,
who, though an exile from "the " bonny winding Nith,"
is as clannish as a Gallovidian would desire. Miss

Taylor is, in person, rather under the middle size, and

inclined a little to en ton point. Her manners are agree-
able, and the bright twinkle of her dark eye bespeaks
great energy and vivacity. We knnw not the nature of
her claims, but as far as we could learn, they are very
extensive and well authenticated ; but with the knowledge
of the manner in which the claims of Sir John Johnson
were set aside, our hopes are small of her being able to
recover ber rights..—American Paper.

ANECDOTE, BY CIIARLES LAMB.--I was
once amused—there is a pleasure in affecting affectation
—at the indignation of a crowd that was jostling in
with me at the pit door of Coveot.garden Theatre, to have
a sight of Master Betty—the❑ at once in his dawn and
his meridian—in Hamlet. I had been invited, quite
unexpectedly, to join a party, whom I met near the
door of the play-house, and I happened to have in
my hand a large octavo of Johnson and Steeven's
Shakspeare, which, the time not admitting of my carry-
ing it home, of course went with me to the the•ttre.
Just in the very heat and pressure of the doors open-
iug—the rush, as they term it—l deliberately held
the volume over my head, open at the scene in which
the young Bonito) had been most cried up, and quietly
read by the lamp-light. The clamour became uni-
versal. " The affectation of the fellow," cried one
" Look at that gentleman reading, papa," squeaked a
young lady, who, in her admiration of the novelty, almost
forgot her fears. I read on. "He ought to have his
book knocked out of his hand," exclaimed a pursy cit,
whose arms were too fast pinioned to his side to suffer
him to execute his kind intention. Still I read on—
and, till the time came to pay money, kept as un-
moved as Saint Anthony at his Holy Offices, with
the satyrs, apes, and hobgoblins mopping and making
mouths at him in the picture, while the good man sits as
undisturbed at the sight, as if he were sole tenant of the
&sett The individual rabble (I recognised more than
one of their ugly faces) had damned a slight piece of
mine but a few nights before, and I was determined the
culprits should not a second time put me out of countenance.

AMERICA.-UNITED STATES' SLAVERY.

—We copy the following from a reported lecture delivered
by a Mr. Geo. 'Thompson, in the Low Church, Paisley,
on the evils of slavery as it exists in the United States of
America. Without going all the lengths to which, in the
lecture, be went, we cannot help thinking that there is too
much of truth in a great portion of the sulpequent ex-
tract :—" He then adverted to another class of beings,
amounting to three or four hundred thous idd, called free
persons of colour, but who, though nominally free, were
kept in a state of exclusion and degradation nearly as
great as slaves. America boasted, and boasted loudly of
their freedom, but their boasted freedom was all hypo-
critical pretences, for they are found daily to offer the
utmost insults to liberty, at her very shrine. They are
a nation of despots, a confederacy of despots. They lay
claim, indeed, to the highest degree of liberty, even of
taking their President by the nose; but their liberty is new
to them, it does not sit easy on them, but rather like an
ill-fitted coat ; they are continually talking about it,
and looking at it, to find out where it pinches them.
Fortunately, the very extent of this liberty imposes on
it some restriction. They are all despots, nation-
ally and individually, which helps to prevent them
treading on each others toes. But woe be to
the free man of colour who dares to talk of liberty. He
must be rigorously excluded, and what is his crime ?
Murder ? No. Theft ?—No. Loss of character ?
No. Infamy of any kind ?—No. But he is de-
scended from a negro. If liberty is to be thus used,
it is a curse, and not a blessing. Free men of colour
indeed ! in what did their freedom consist ? Was he
permitted to sit on Juries?—No. To ♦ote for a Re-
presentative ?—No. To hold property ?—No. To
ride in the same coach with a white man ?
No. To sit in the same theatre or lecture-
room ?—No. To dine at the same table ?—No. To
sit in the same pew ?—No. To approach the same
communion table?—No. To become a lawyer?—No.
A teacher ?—No. A surgeon ?—.No, To work in the
same saw-pit with a white man ?—No. O❑ the same
shop-be rd with a white tailor ?—No. To eat with him?
No. Plink with him?—No. To be buried in the same
grave yard with him ?—No. To go to heaven with him ?
Ask him who reigns there...—Paisley Advertiser.

PORTUGAL.

(From a Morning Paper.)

LISION, DEC. 18.—On Sunday, the 15th instant,

addressed you per Pembroke steamer, bound to Oporto
and Bristol, annexing a copy of the second protest of the
nine Peers, till then existing only in manuscript, and
rather difficult to be procured. It having been presented
since the Emperor's return from the army, one of the
Noble Dukes who signed it politely favoured me with a
copy thereof, which he did not conceive himself at liberty
to do before. I had, however, obtained one through
another channel, but fear that the possible detention of
the Pembroke at Oporto, and the circumstance of her
being bound to an out-of-the-way outport, may occasion a
delay in your receiving it before the annexed printed copy
in the Chronica of yesterday, containing likewise the
answer the Regent returned to the Duke of Terceira
through the medium of the Minister of the Interior. The
fair and dignified way in which the question is treated,
has caused as much general satisfaction as the publicity
given to it forthwith has proved the strength and confi-
dence of the Government.
Nut wishing to detain you any longer about the
scramble for power and office, I proceed to the more in-
ter,sting point of military operations. The long wished-
for rainy season is about to set in now. The weather,
which was hitherto as genial and beautiful as in May in
England, has become drissling and moist these two days,
and if the rains set in in good earnest, the Miguelite army
will be obliged to move from its strong position at
Santarem, and whether to advance or retreat, it must
beat, or at least attack—Saldanha's army; in which case
you need not fear the result, notwithstanding its nume-
rical superiority. I estimate the latter at 10,000 efficient
men under arms, and the Miguelites at 13,000 or 14,000,
for the hangers on are not to be counted. The 11Ii-
guelites are much distressed for provisions and forage.
Their cavalry, which is computed at 2,000 to 2,500
men and horses having received but one day's rations in
six, and cannot therefore be very effective and mettlesome.
The Constitutional cavalry brigade consists of 560 Lancers,
500 horse of the 11th regiment, and 300 of the 10'h;
those at the depots in Lisbon Ido not reckon.
forces of both belligerents have been ridiculously over-
rated. Thus, when one of your Lisbon Corres-
pondents tells you, the 20th or 23d November,
that the foreign force of the Constitutional army will
amount in a fortnight from the date of his letter to 8,000
men, I must beg leave to undeceive you, by the a'surance
that up to this day half that number is considerably above
the mark. There are a great many recruits in Lisbon (the
Lancers, for instance, have 34 horses and nine teen in
the depot here), but they are nor yet clothed, armed, or
completely drilled ; all which requisites the Emperor has
this day ordered to be accelerated. Captain Wyat arrived
last night with a detachment of 167 British invalids and
bad characters from the army, who are lodged in the tower
of St. Julien, until they can be shipped home, as every
corps is careful y weeded. Yet such is the moral supe-
riority of the Constitutionalists, that they go into battle
with confidence of victory, and their more numerous
antagoni.ts generally in the anticipation of a defeat. The
number of deserters from the enemy you will perceive
from the Chronica to be considerable. The Infantas
have been sent into Alemtejo, but Miguel continues at
Santarem, where 'Major Mitchel, and other staff officers,
approaching the place without swords, saw him two days
ago on the bridge.
Yesterday we had a report of the Queen of Spain's
troops, estimated at 6,000 men, having pursued some
Carlist bands over the Portuguese frontier as far as Cas-
tello Branca, in B-ira, and Marvdo and Portalegro, in
Alemtejo (the Portus Alaur of the Romans), which must
have proved a port of sadness to the Migueliree, the Spa
niards having proclaimed Donna Maria there. General
Morillo was likewise said to move upon Braganfee, in the
north of Tras-0,-Montee. I hope there is better foundation
for it than there proved to be for the alleged mutiny and
arrest of several grandees at Santarem, which was likewise
adopted by the Chronica.

- -
Sr. Übes, and the high position of Palmella, in Alem-
tejo, are well garrisoned and fortified, and have nothing
to fear. The situation of affairs in Alg ayes, though not
so brilliant as might be wished, gives no uneasiness here,
the garrisons in that province being for the present per-
fectly safe and supplied by sea. The check lately sustained
by the Constitutionalists at Alcacer seems to have been
exaggerated in England, and to have caused unnecessary
apprehensions, the Miguelites having never attempted to
improve it since by iurther aggressions. In fact, Don
Miguel had neither sunk so low as he was represented to
have done, nor recovered so much as to have any chance
to regain this capital, where his despotism is held in de-
testation by the middling classes—namely, the great bulk
of the inhabitants.

Saldanba, though he has no seat in the House of Lords,
has been sought to be gained over by the protesting Peers,
or the Duke of Palmella's party, against Cirvalho's Mi-
nistry, who boasted of his adhesion before the Emperor's
last departure to the army. But a gentleman, who dined
with the Marshal on Sunday, at his head-qnarters at Sin-
teira, assures me he observed, when the topic was brought
upon the carpet in conversation, " That he had but one
enemy to mind, who was at Santarem opposed to him
(namely, Dan Miguel), and whom alone he was endea-
vouring to expel from the soil of his native country,
without paying any attention to, or interfering with,
other party squabbles ;" an answer worthy of the cha-
racter who made it. Admiral Napier, however, is a loud
and clamourous supporter of the aristocratic opposition.
The Ministry, though very grateful for his transcendant
merits in the salvation of Portugal, complain (I know
not whether rightly or wrongly) of his frequent interfe-
rence in matters not connected with his department, in
which they allege he spends more money than the re-
sources of Portugal can well afford, the navy being paid
according to the regulations of the British Marine, and
he having received ninety contos, or millions of rees,
without rendering any account of the money, and
demanding more. They also reproach him with
keeping a number of ships idle in the Tagus, whilst
the coast blockade is not strictly enforced, and a number
of ships with full cargoes from the Brazils, Africa, and
with warlike stores from England, arrive daily in the ports
in Miguel's possession, which ought to be captured and
brought into the Tagus, instead of annoying British ba-
calhao men (Newfoundland vessels) and traders in fruits,
or attacking the island of Madeira, visi'ing the Cape de
Verde islands, and the Portuguese settlements on the coast
of Africa and India, for which climes the British Captains
are said to have no relish. It would be a great pity if
these bickerings were to occasion an open breach between
the hero of the Cape of St. Vincent and the Queen's Go-
vernment; yet such an event is much dreaded by all the
well-wishers of the cause of freedom in Portugal.
The Ministry, it is sild, will be immediately strength-
ened by the accession of an individual whose name removes
every fear of republicanising Portugal, or prejudicing
British interests ; and a new Ambassador to England is to
sail to-morrow evening, or ❑ext day, in the James Watt,
steamer.

The Marquis de Mortier, the new French Ambassador,
having fallen ill at Paris, Monsieur de Lurde, the French
Charge d'Affaires, not as usually styled the Charge
d'Affaires, is obliged to remain till relieved.
Sir Thomas Stubbs arrived last week from Oporto, and
was most cordially received by the Emperor. The Mini-
ster of the Interior has since offered him a title, as a proof
of the Qui en's Government's entire approbation of his
valuable services. May his successor in the command of
Oporto keep that interesting position with equal success !
Colonel Hare has been for some time %Nith the army, as
a military observer, but not in the character of a nego-
tiator attributed to him. He is likely to have soon an
opportunity of witnessing some engagement in the vici-
nity of Santarem, if the weather breaks up, as there is
every appearance. General Macdonald is accused by our
newspapers of drowning Ois cares in copious libations.
But his account of the battles of the 10th and 11th Oc-
tober, seem to proceed from a strong pen, though some-
what inflated.

The Bishop of Killaloe, at the request of the
Government, will go to the See of Limerick. There is no
material difference between the net incomes of the two
Sees—none that could have made it an object to the
Bishop of Killaloe to have made the exchange if it had
not been an object both with the Government and the
Bishop to co-operate in accelerating the operation of the
Church Temporalities Act; for by vacating the See of
that See and Clonfert become consolidated, the
Bishop of Clonfert taking the title of Killaloe. The
vacancy in the See of Limerick was one which it was
competent to the Government to have filled up in the
ordinary course by the introduction of a new Bishop. The
public will not fail to appreciate as it deserves this evi-
dence of the spirit that actuates the Government.

MATRIMONY WITHOUT A CLERGYMAN.
—An advertisement in the Wakefield paper announces
That Thomas Thornhill Clarkson, and Elizabeth Lomax
Wilson, both of Wakefield, having taken each other in
marriage (in the form used by the Society of Friends),
on Sunday, the Sth inst., at Crown-court, Wakefield,
before respectable and sufficient witnesses there assembled,
who signed a certificate thereof, do, by advertisement,
publish and &ochre the same,— Yorh Paper.

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 26, 1833.

The Paris papers of Tuesday have arrived
Those in the interest of the Opposition state.
that the difference between Marshal SOULT and
the doctrinnaires of the Ministry continue, and
hat the Marshal is anxious to introduce to office
M. M. DUBIN, BERENGER, and PASSY. It iS
said that General LAFAYETTE will be proposed by
the Opposition for the Presidency of the Chamber
of Deputies, but with little prospect of success.
The news from Spain in these papers reaches
to the 14th inst. It is not important. General
VALDEZ, who is said to be a candidate for a
post in the Ministry, had arrived at Estella.
Queen ISABELLA was proclaimed at Bilboa on
the 15th inst. A letter from Bayonne, dated
Dec. 20, states that M. PERIER, the Secretary
of the French Embassy in Madrid, had arrived
there on his way to Paris, after having been ar-
rested by the insurgents at Villa Franca, and
plundered of all his despatches.
The French Funds are steady. The following
are the quotations of Tuesday :

FRENCH FUNIA-PARIS, Du. 24,

Five per Cents., 10:3f. 60c. SOc.
Three per Cents., 74f. 95c. 90c.
National Loan, 103 f. 60c.
Rente de Naples, 90f 70c.
Roman Five per Cents., 917:',.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 17%.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 41.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 695.
Belgian Loan, 101, Five per Cent., 96.
Hay tian Loan, 2871.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 30c. ; money, —c.
Three months, paper, !25f. 20c.; money, 25f. 15c.
—Cours Authentiaue.

We have received by the packet from Lisbon
accounts from that city to the 19th, and from
Oporto to the 21st inst. The only news of in-
terest is that of the entry of two Spanish for ces
into Portugal, one of them under General
MoRILLO, to the amount, as it is said, of
between 5,000 and 6,000 men, in search of Don
CARLOS ; but the news rests for the present
only on the authority of some travellers who had

arrived in Lisbon. One of these divisions is
stated to have entered Portugal on the 12th
inst. It is singular, however, that no notice
whatever is taken of the entry of the force under
RODIL, which was reported in the French
Papers to have taken place several days pre-
viously. We must still doubt the fact of the second
entry, not for its improbability, but for the want
of authentic information respecting it. The
assertion of the Lisbon Chronica that it has
been communicated by persons worthy of credit,
does not add much weight to it ; for the Chronica,
although professedly an official organ, is not very
particular as to its announcements. The Por-
tuguese Constitutionalists consider the violation
of the Portuguese territory in pursuit of Don
CARLOS a very desirable event. This is, in our
opinion, exceedingly absurd. The Spanish Go-
vernment, although not in hostility with the
Government of Don PEDRO, has not yet for-
mally acknowledged even the accession of his
daughter, and we think M. ZEA BERMUDEZ
has as little good will towards Don PEDRO as
he has towards Don MIGUEL, who has put him-
self in open defiance of the Spanish Court by
his protection of Don CARLOS. If Spain be
permitted to violate the Portuguese territory,
with a view to capture or drive out the Spanish
Pretender, what security will there be for the
Portuguese Constitutionalists, that when one
object is attained, the Spanish Government
will not attempt another equally importantlo it,
as it is now constituted, viz., the establishment of
a juste milieu system in Portugal ? If Spain
be permitted to insult the Portuguese by an
open disregard of the laws of nations on one
point, will she hesitate at a repetition of the
same conduct on another ? Will not the Queen
of SPAIN, in her dread of the propagation of
liberal principles in her own country, dictate
such an arrangement between Don PEDRO and
his brother as would amount, virtually, to the
overthrow of the Portuguese Charter ? We are
sure that the attempt will be made with the
sanction of some of the great European Powers,
and but too probably with the tacit consent of
other Powers, which appear to be much more
anxious for the settlement of the dispute be-
tween the two brothers on any terms, than for
the establishment of a free constitution in Por-
tugal.

There has been no movement of consequence
between the Pedroite and Migueli►e armies, but
it was thought that the commencement of the
rainy season would compel the Miguelites to
abandon Santarem, in which case they would
probably be compelled to attack the army under
SA LD A NH A.

The Lisbon paper 0 Periodico dos Pobres
of the 18th inst., contains the Protest of the
Peers against the arrest of the Conde de TAIPA,
and the answer of the Ministry, which, in the
name of the Emperor, promises that when the
Cortes meet, the Protest shall be brought under
consideration.

We perceive that in proportion to the really
desperate state of their cause, the country sup-
porters of that surpassing humbug Mr. SAD-
LER, become more and more vociferous in the
announcement of their confidence of success.
The Leeds Intelligencer acknowledges that the
requisition to Mr. BAINES to stand for Leeds
has been signed by 1,300 electors, and that
400 more have promised him their support, and
refers to the minority which supported Mr.
SADLER at the last election as a guarantee of
success against the liberal candidate. The same
paper talks in a vague way of Mr. SADLER'S
canvassing books at Huddersfield " presenting
results most honourable to a majority of the
electors," but carefully abstains from mentioning
numbers. However Mr. SADLER'S friends
may persuade him of his having two strings to
his bow, we would advise him rather to think
of another proverb relating to two stools. After
the publication of the facts contained in the
exposure of Mr. SADLER in our columns of
Monday, the following sentence in the Leeds
Intelligencer is amusing :

" The electors have no notion of being, as the Com-
mittee's addre,os says, a second time made matter of BAR-
GAIN AND SALE.' No more Macaulays ; no more fol-
lowers of that paragon of Whig jobbery."

It is certainly more than probable that Mr.
SADLER was only humbugging poor Mr.
FOSTER (Anglice, lied) when telling him his
cock and a bull story about the letter he had
received from the Duke of WELLINGTON, an-
nouncing his intended appointment to office
under a new Ministry ; but whether it be true
or not, it sufficiently proves Mr. SADLER'S
willingness to do that which draws down from
his partisans such unmeasured abuse on Mr-
MACAULAY. Whatever else may be said
upon the question of Mr. MACAULAY'S ap-
pointment to the situation of fourth councillor
in India, it is certainly a compliment to the
constituency of Leeds. They chose an able,
clever man for their representative. The Go-
vernment recognize the soundness of their choice,
and employ his talents in a situation of the
highest responsibility and confidence. The Li-
berals of Leeds may regret the loss of a repre-
sentativeexwtrheome of childish follyodidthehmhonour, butfr it
hewoutlod
be the
resolve never to have an able representative,
because their last has found a wider sphere for
the exertion of his abilities. Had Mr. SAD.
LER been chosen representative of Leeds, and
had the Duke of WELLINGTON made him
Chancellor of the Exchequer, or Lord-Lieu-
tenant of Ireland, and had Mr. FOSTER been
appointed his Secretary, there would have been
abundant room for surprise ; but still we should
have said that the Duke did not pay Leeds an
ill compliment in so distinguishing its represen-
tative. But however that may be, for Mr. SAD-
LER, the would-be Minister, or his friends, to
taunt Mr. MACAULAY for going to India, is
ludicrous in the extreme.

Since the above was written, we have seen a
second letter, addressed by Mr. FOSTER to the
Morning Chronicle, in which that gentleman
replies to the charges brought against him by the
Leeds Intelligencer, in a way to bring home
