COLONIAL MARKETS.

Owing to its being holiday week, the sales for to-day were numerous
and heavy. Of Sugar we had 1,100 boxes of White and Yellow
Ilavannah, which went briskly at fully the late nominal prices. Of
Mauritius Sugar we had 4,645 bags, which went with animation at
previous rates. The market for British Plantation ryas also lively, and
firm prices ruled. Coffee, 800 bags, Colory, Havannah, 200 bags St.
Domingo, and 540 bags Ceylon. This market is not so lively as the
Sugar market ; one cause of it is the unusually large stock
of Foreign Coffee. The sales to-day fetched much about pre-
•ious rates; where any alteration occurred in prices they are lower,
but nothing of any consequence. Rice 9,100 bags of East India sold
with spirit, and fetched fully previous rates. This is about the firmest
article in this market. Spices sold steadily, and realised former rates.
For to-morrow we have advertised some Spices, 324 bags Ceylon Coffee,
20 trs. Jamaica, 2,000 bags Mauritius Sugar, 100 hhds. Barbadoes,
2,200 bags Manilla, and 551 bags Siam. The imports to.day arc very
light; yesterday they were very heavy.

PRICE o
fhe highest price of Bread in the
.flood Bread may be had at 6,4 d,
PRICE OF SEEDS.-June 2S.
Per Cwt. Per Quarter.
4ewEnglish Red Cloversos. 704. 555 St. Foin 425 4Ss .51.
OH Ditto Ditto -B. -3. -s Rye Grass 18s 30s. 40.
New Foreign Ditto sos. 655. 755. P.scey Grass -s. 425. 48s
Old Ditto Ditto -s. 40,. 60s. Linseed, for feeding ...465. i 503 -5.
New White Clover 504. 51s. ti3s Ditto, for sawing -a. 504. s(is
Old Ditto Ditto -g. --a.-s. Ditto, for crushing -s 38;. 455.
New Trefoil . its lis. 21s. Canary -s 40s. 50s.
Old Ditto -s. 12s. 18s Hemp -s 325. 40/
frefolium lOs 12s 14s Per Bushel.
rnglish Carraway -s. 40s. 41s. White Mustard 7s. 0.1. 9s. Od.
Foreign Ditto -s. 403. 455. Brown Ditto
Coriander --s 101. 12s. Tares 45 6d tis. Cd.
Rapeseed, Engli. I: fine per Last) 28/.32t.
PRICES OF HOPS.-June 23.
Farnham Pockets (per cwt.) O/ Os. 71 Os. to 8/. Os.
East K ,ii. Pockets 2! 16;. 4/. 05.,t0 (it 45.
Ditto Bags
Mid Kent Pockets
Ditto Bags el Os. 4/. 55. to 5 . 12s.
Sussex
Yearlings CI. Gs. 21. 16s. to 3/ 11,
Old Olds
PRICES OF POTATOES AT SPITALFIELDS
York Reds (from vessel) 4/. les. to 5/ 05. per ton
Scotch Reds ditto .. 'if. 13s. to 41. Os ditto
Kidneys 3/. 1 3. to 4/. Os. ditto
Jerseys 9l. Ss. to 37. lOs. ditto
PRICES OF LEATHER.
Per lb d. to d
Crop tildes, 30 to 101 h each 11 13
- ----40 50
50 60
dull Hides
Butts, Vitriol
---- English
__ __

F BREAD.'
Metropolis is Bd, for the 41b. Loa'.

- Foreign
Foreign Holes lO 12
Dressing Hides
Shaved 12

Per lb d. to cl.
Horse Hides, German lO 21
Spznisk
Calf Sk ins, 130 to 401 b. (doz )* 14 18
40 s(' *l5 21
—5O (P "1(i 21
i---- 70 100 "14 :0

Seal Skins, large. ..... ll 15
---- small 2O 'l2
Kips
Basils. 7 12

Shaved
Be ‘t SAdellersllides
Horse Hides, English
• If rounded 2d. to 4d por lb more

PRICE OF RAW FAT, per stone of Sit,
Price of Tallow CA, stated by the Tallow 51cIters.)

PRICE OF CANDLES.
The price of good Store Candles it the Retail Shops is es foll,ws
Candles, per dozen, 7s. 6d. ; inferior, Cs. 61.—Moulds, 9s. Od.
Sixpence per dozen discount for cash.
COAL M A RKET.—June 22.
Per Ton. s. rer Ton s. to
Howard's Main 9 0 Wall,: End Haswell
Holywell ........ .............. ...... 21 0 W..11s End tletton
Lcaze's Main
Pontop Winds();
South Hartley lB 6 Walls End Stewart's 22 (1
Townley '7 F Wails End Whitwell CO 9
Wylam
Walls End Bewicke and C 0... 20 9 Walls End Adiaido '2o 9
Walls End Gosforth
Walls End Heaton 2O 6 Walt End South Durham ...."1,0 3
Walls End Ililda
Walls End Killinvivorth
Walls End Mount Moor l7 6 Howard's Netherton Main ... 17 6
Walls End Northumberland l9 6 Nevill's Llanelly l9 0
Wall, End Walker l9 6 I Slaveley Main ... ... 10 1
Purham 'Main l7 9 1 Walls End Devonshire l9 0
Walls End Braddyll's lictton 22 6
Ship: arrived since

LIVERPOOL COTTO

last market-day, 106.

N INfAnKET, JUNE 25.

Our Cotton Market was pretty steady this day. The entire sales
ammount to 3,600 bags, of which 200 American were taKen for export,
and our last quotations met with firm support. 50 Egyptian, 10d. to
lOid. ; .200 Surat, 41d. to sd. ; 70 Pernam, 9d. to 91d.; 80 Bahia,
fild. 3,100 American, 51d. to 3d.

MANCHESTER CORN EXCHANGE, JUNE 23.

The imports from Ireland this week arc to a fair extent, and include
3,500 loads of Oatmeal and 6,097 sacks of Flour. To Wakefield the
arrival of Wheat amounts to 10,613 quarters, with a good supply of
other articles. Considerable business has been done during the week
in Wheat and Flour, at advancing pt ices, whilst other articles have
Liven slow of sale and without improvement in value. The weather,
with little exception, has been cold, boisterous, and sh,,wery. We have
to report a steady and firm though not brisk trade in Wheat and Flour
to-day : the former bringing 2d. to Bd. per bushel, and the latter Is; to
Is. 6,1. per sack more than on this day week. Oats and Oatmeal slow
of sale : the latter 3d. to 6d. per load cheaper. Malt and Beans dull, at
late prices.

DERBY, Juxr: 22.
Our Corn Market to-day was well attended, and grain fdlly supported
last week's prices. Sales very heavy. Wheat, 70s. to 735. ; Oats, 245.
to 263. ; Beans, 425.; Barley, 235. to 325.
SP

IRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

From some cause or other, into which it is not our vocation
to inquire, the Morning Chronicle has begun to speak of the
Chancellor of the Exchequer a; the general body of proprie-
tors of Great Britain and Ireland have long thought and
spoken of that functionary and his collca4ues. We are glad of
this, not because we think the railing accusations of our Mi-
nisterial Contemporary against this Minister of the Crown adds
anything to the evidence upon which we have always estimated
him as the Morning Chronicle estimates him now, but because
it may be instructive to others to find that the moment the
Chancellor of the Exchequer and his colleagues begin to
meddle with interests of any kind all men who sympathise, from
hatever cause, with such interests, wba'ever may have been
their former party predilections ,or attachments, become at
once. cx necessitate rei, the enemies of the Chancellor of
ihe Exchequer and his colleagues. That the feud is deadly
and it'reconcileable between property in general and the pre-
sent Ministers of the Clown ITIly he safely inf rrcd when we
find a Journal hitherto devoted to the single purpose of sus-
taining the reputation aad the power of these Ministers, driven
to the necessity of specking in the language we shall j re.
sently quote of that Member of the Administration who, more
than any other, has the power of affecting the property of the
country at large, merely because it is determined that one de-
scriptiereof property, in the defence of which it takes a
special interest, shall not be dealt with according to the
pleasure of the Chancellor of the Exchequer' and his col-
leagues. The first railing accusation of our Contem-
porary, against Mr. Spring Rice, is that " such igno-
rance" as he has exhibited of the past proceedings in Par-
liament upon the" Mails en Railways Bill is not very credit.
able," we quote the words of the Morning Chronicle, " to
one occupying the high station of Mr. Spring Rice." We
‘bould agree with the Chronicle perfectly, but that we think
"such ignorance" would not be very creditable to any man,
whether the station he occupied were 1 high or a low one.
The second railing accusation of the Chronicle against Mr.
Spring Rica is, that he h:is attempted to obtain the sanction
of the Ilouse of Commons to a " fraudulent measure"—that
is a judgment of excessive charity to impute his conduct to
mere ignorance. Ilere, again, we feel quite sure that our
worthy Contemporary is perfectly in the right. Men m-y
very ignorant, as Mr. Spring Rice and his colleagues' on.
doubtedly are, and yet, as the Chronich! has shown, very dis-
honest, not from ignorance, but from inclination. The third
r: fling accusation of our Contemporary against Mr. S. Rice is
that such trivial considerations as the faith of Acts of
went, and the just exasperation of pseties who may be robbed
by the violation of that faith, are nothing to this Minister of
the Crown, that he puts them aside with a " parrot note," the
" little great man," we quote the very words, " deceiving
himself into a belief that by means of such twaddle he has
succeeded in deceiving the public." This is particularly good,
and no doubt exactly true, although the Chronicle has been
somewhat of the slowest in finding it out. Tho fourth accu-
sation of the Chronicle against the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer is that " he has ignorantiy mismanaged the finances

4. a
he nation." Our Contemporary speaks I ;;
,nat of Delphos was a foot to him. , .tty-t
spirations are steam after all. But we falOr:here_
We could quote from the Chronicle upon Asuliject
we became jealous of its power when
dical Chancellor of the Exchequer falls into •Wchit'-'ll-5. *
Any animadversions we have ever hazarded upon t. elotteine t \se
of this Minister or his colleagues are positive encomiums
comparison with the bold denunciations Lf our Contemporary.
Dishonest intentions"—the design of deceiving the inhabi-
tants of Manchester and Liverpaol, who arc " too Lorene in
their way of thinking " to admit of its success.--:tiie wish `o
obliterate from the minds of the people of Eng-and the maxim.'
that " honesty is ti'e best policy,' are among the liirhtest
imputations cast by our Whig-Radical Contemporary (in thia
case certainly not to be suspected of party enmity) against
the Whig- Radical Chancellor of the Exchequer. We begin,
to be converts to the opinion that the power of steam, and the
means of rapid Commtinicaton it aff rds, have a mighty ten-
dency to diffuse and perfect the intelligence and good sense of
zrankilici.—Morning Post.
The Chainicle of yesterday morning containe 1 vary per-
sonal article against Mr. Spring Rice, from we es tract
the following passage:—
" Is Mr. Spring Rice so ignor,lnt as to
communicationoepere
eivenodiflbretnocet;,enommetiedy.
way between leaving 'the whole P0i..0
of the railroad companies,' and enacting' this Bill—a measure which, if
passed into a law, would place the whole ralroad communication of the
country at the mercy of the Postmoster-Gem‘ral; would empower the
Post-office to set tip their own separate engines and carriages, with pas-
sengers, to pass along every railroad in the kivgdom, without paying a
single farthing in return for the milli( ns which have been expended
by private individuals in the construction of these roads ? Mr. Spring
Rice, in his notable production—for his measure it really must now be
deemed—virtually says I will consent to pay so much, as arbitrators shall
determine to be an equivalent for what the Post-office in future destroys,
but not a shilling for wiginal construction. The roads way have cost
the companies variously from 25,000/. to 45,0001. per mile; Acts of
Parliament have secured the tolls; the shares may have been
bought and sold and conveyed by settlement, on the faith of those Acts
of Parliament. Never mind ! Such considerations are all nothing to
Mr. Spring Rice. No matter how exasperated the parties who, having
expended their money, see themselves despoiled, may feel, and how
deeply and bitterly they may hate a Government that has thus deceived
and injured them ! IVhat is that to Mr. Spring Rice ?—he with parrot
note can erfelaim, ' What Would you leave the Post-office commu.
ideation of tl:e country at the mercy of the Railroad Companies ?' And
with such twaddle deceive himself into a belief that he had succeeded
in deceiving the pubi:c. We tell this great little man, that if he has
ignorantly mismanaged the finances of the nation--so that he
trembles at the ilea of such a temporary deficiency of
the Post Office revenue, as may probably follow some approx-
imation to the reduction of postage recommended by Mr. Row-
land Hill ; if this be the secret. of his dishonest intention., he
will not deceive the inhabitants of st7ll towns as Liverpool, Bristol,
Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham, Leiceste.", &c., who either stow enjoy-
ing, or expecting to w,joy, the advantageo of railroad comMunication,
are too Impost in their way of thinking to vies!, with satisfaction any pro_
posal to rob the railroads in order to lighten the labours of • Mr. Spring
Rice. The people of England are just. They 11,-'ow that ' honesty
is the best policy.' They feel that an adherence to tfi:s policy has ad
vanced them to their present high state of national wr,alth. If Mr.
Spring Rice is ignorant of the advantage, of public faith, the people
of England are not. We cannot bring ourselves to helieVe tr:at the
House of Commons will countenance the As/lanes' attempt of the Iti,eht
Horourable Gentleman, and we confidently expect that the reeresen.
tatives of the nation to declare, that whilst /they will give determined
support to any measure for securing the Post.otliee communication, and
every other public communication which the comfort or the safety of tbe
public at large may require, that whilst they will cheerfully support any
plan which promises to effect such objects, they know at the same
time how to distinguish between a• measure calculated to afford just
protection to the public and the present fraudulent scheme of Mr.
Spring Rice."
Now we pass over altogether the question as to whether the
Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Raii-road Companies he
right—with this we have at present no business, farther than
to say that we think a great error was committed in not stipu-
lating at first that the public correspondence should be for-
warded with die utmost facility, and with every regard to econo-
my; but then is it fair, is it prudent for a Ministerial journal
to make assaults upon the character of a particular Mi-
nister, which cannot fail to damage the Administration with
which lie is connected ? The Chronicle should recollect that
it is not very explicable to assail Mr. Rice as all that is in-
capable, and yet in another article call upon the independent
Members of the House of Commons to come forward and sup-
port the Ministers. We have before now found fault with
Mr. Rice, but we have done so in a tone and temper freo
from scurrility and personal abuse; but it is surely not wise to
make such individual attacks as may be calculmed to we then
an entire Administration, and that too, by an avowed partisan.
The Standard pats the Chronicles upon the back, and at the
same time taunts it in a way that must recal it to its senses.
The complicated duties now to be performed in the Post-office
department make it satisfactory that we have so efficient an
officer as Colonel Maberley at the head of the establishment.
......Morn:nq Advertiser.

It having been announced that it is the intention of the
planters in the island of Barbadoes, and some other parts or
the West Indies', to liberate their apprenticed slaves from
the first of the ensutng August, and that even several of the
Jamaica planters, following the example of the Marquis of
Sligo, had resolved to do the same, it might be inferred that
a flood of light had suddenly broke it upon the minds of the
advocates of slavery, and that they had become convinced of
the sin and shame of keeping leunan beings in bondage, whom
the hand of rapine had originally robbed of their natural
freedom. We should like to be able to believe that this
sudden change was the result of an enlightened couvic:ion,
operating to the mutual advantage of master and slave. But
s erne circumstances have transpired which induce us to doubt
whether, under this apparent benevolence, there lurks not a de-
sign, by means of which the rights of humanity may be further
compromised, and the sufferings of the slave prolonged. We
sh• uld be sorry to judge harshly even of those whose moral per-
ceptions the familiar practice of slavery has clouded, when
their actions have the external gloss of kindness, or the
semblance of a just policy; but facts which have come to our
knowledge cause us to be slow to believe, that this volunt iry
anticipation of the anal period of slave-apprenticeship system
is intended as a real though late atonement to the slave, and
a bowl fide restoration if his freedom. We must bear in mind
that the local legislatures have it in their power; at present—
a power which they have stown no indisposition to exerei,e
to pass laws which may be se opptessive to the liberated slaves
PS to coerce them into labour coutlects as unjust and disad-
vantageous as the s-e which are forced epon them under the
apprenticeship law. Let us exemplify this by an instance.
We take it from a communication recently received front
a gentleman of the highest respectability in Jamaica, wl o
says what we here set forth—" A suggestion has been made
by Sir George Grey, and has been conveyed to Jamaica, that
a tax should be imposed upon the transfer of property, to
be regulated according to the quantity of land purchased.
Upon very small quantities, such as the negro would be glad to
Loy, it is suggested that the tax should be so high as almost to
preclude the power of purchasing, and the tax is to decreese
in proportion as the quantity of the land required increase,
until at last it vanishes altogether. The natural tendency of
this plan would be to prevent the negro availing himself, when
free, of his savings, at least in the purchase of a little land, an
object most dear to him, and which the best of the appren-
ticee have been looking forward to for the last four years. It
is tantamount to making them serfe, and to giving the neastr
continued power. The suggestion was made 1 y Sir G. Grey,
about the end of February or beginning of M..rch of this year.
I know the individual who has conveyed this precious propos
to the colony." On this scheme of a law to prevent
the manumited apprentices from reaping the substantial
fruits of industry and freedom by the purchase of a
little land, sufficient to confer a certain degree of in.
dependence, there requires at. present no further com-
ment. From another communication, dated the 9th of
May, Four Paths. Clarendon, Jamaica, written by W. E.
Barrett, attached to the London Missionary Society, we make
the following extract : —" The House of •Aecembly passed a
shameful law last Session in anticipation of the Ist of August,
when the house servants would be free ; they have determined
that on that day all servants, having been duly served with
a notice flirt e months previous—that is, from the Ist of
this month—shall give up possession of their houses,
grounds, &c., and I e prepare,' to quit their orners' pre-
mises. You are aware that the abolition law allowed the
apple ntice three mouths after the purchase of his discharge
es hich was a humane and necessary
provision for the
to prepare for rerrmvingo—
eomfort. I have now before me
epprenticee
a notice, served upon an ova female se want, dett d Ist
of May, requiting I.er as fellows:--' to give up and quit
all that piece and parcel of land anci the dwelling house,
with tI e appurtenances, which you have been permitted
by me to occupy during your state of apprenticeship.'
this she is to•he preeated to do by the Ist oar August t eat,
under the pain of being deemed and considered e trespasser,
and subject to the penalties of the law in this case made and
provided." In a letter from Mr. T. E. \Vard, dated Fal-
mouth, St. Ann's, Jamaica, May 1, we find the following oh-
st relative to this new lew —4, We scarcely know how
to express our hers and fears relative to the approaching ht
of August. We sometimes fear that every endeavour to tran-
quil:se the negrces will prove abortive, though our confidence
in them remains unabated. The iniquity- of the late island
Act is beginning to oper..te perniciously. Sego() . asked me
last Sabbath to read a riper which he showed me. It was
a printed notice to his wife, a non-preedial epprentice on
a large estate, similar to the ore before mentioned." The
writer thee goes on to say, " I told the poor fellow that
wes the law at present, and his wit'e wis hotted tut
obey. All non.pe,edials on estates are in a like plight,
and there is no remedy ; but this law, I said, cannot
separate your wife from you, or :rem your children. He re.
plied, fhey have thrr atoned my wife that, if she will not bird,
herself to mole as she did formerly, the should be turned off
or punished as a w aerant. This iniquity,"by the perpetration
of which the poor crtmures lose the fruits of their previous
toil in their provision grounds, is regarded by almost all the
negroes as a design to drive them to desperation." Titus
taken by surprise the pour non-predial negroes knotr not
,
where to go from the places in which they were bo:n—where
they'have worked until they have become old and feeble. It
is a policy obviousle intended not only to drive the non-pre-
dials to the neceseite of mitering into new contracts disadvan-
tageous to themselves, but to alarm the prtdials also, and 'n-
duce them to agree to terms only consistent with a state of
slavery, when they shall have become free by law. It is feared
by those who know tile State of the, colony well, that if a
salutary and powerful restraint be not placed upon the planters
previously to the Ist of August, the consequences ft ay be Ee-
nous. Several planters, heretofore strong pro-slavery edvo.
cotes, have suddenly declared their intenrioe, as we mid, to
follow Lord Sligo's example ; but from what has been already
stated, the good faith of that intention, as meaning to ceVer
the boon of real freedom on the negro, whose two .wo years of
apprenticeship, cr mere, have still to run, may be doubted.
We do hope, however, that, under all the circumstances, the
peer oppressed negro race will meet every attempt by which
vindictive p.)tver rely try to goad them into violence, by a pa-
tient, firm, and stest'dy obedience to the law, by which the sim-
pithies of the Christian people of England may be more than
e.er excited in their favour, and the malice of their crafty eee-
mies signally di=al printed.. Morning Herald.

THE GORGON STEAM-FRIGATE.

This vessel, which is the largest and most powerful steamship be
tonging to the British service, is just completed. On Thursday week the
engines, which have been made, completettand fixed on board the yes_
*el, in little more than eight months, were set to work for the first time,
and acted in the most efficient and satisfactory manner.
The tonnage of the Gorgon, according to the old mode of computa-
tion, is 1,150 tons ; the length of deck is 153 feet; breadth between the
paddle-wheels, 37 feet 6 inches ; full breadth of deck; 45 feet.
This splendid vessel was built in the Dock-yard at Pembroke, from
the design of Sir William Symonds, the Surveyor-General of the Navy,
and for her excellent properties as a steam-vessel of war, for her
strength, symmetry, and durability, is unrivalled by any vessel in the
British or any other navy. She combines also in a most eminent degree
the necessary qualities of a sailing-vessel with those of a steam-ship,
The whole of the timbers, the planking, the beams, and the deck, are
formed of East India teak; the sleepers for the engines and the main.
beams are_pf very hard, durable African oak; the whale secured in the
most complete manner by a profusion of copper bolts and Stout iron
knees and riders.
The partitions and doors of the cabins are composed of S.:nth Ameil.
can cedar, taken from the hull of the Gibraltlr,a Spanish man of-war of
80 guns.
The Gerr,on will be fitted with sixteen 33-pountlers (long guns), of
which tststrlve will boon thr.gun deck, and four on the upper deck. She
willalso be provided with two of those newly-invented tremendous en-
gines of war, the 10-inch guns, intended to propel hollow shot of 96lbs.
weight ; one of these guns will be paced forward, and the other aft,
on the upper sleek, on sliding swivel beds, which will range entirely
round the. horizon. The bulwarks a:I round are so constructed that they
san be thrown down in a moment to admit the guns being pointed in
any direction.
The gun-deck of the vessel is fitted up in the most commodious man-
gier for the accommodation oC,..CNe officers and crew, amounting altoge-
ther, with the engineers, in war time, to 190 men. The orlop deck,
fore anti aft, is appropriated entirely for the reception of troops with
their stores and baggage, and the ample hold will 'receive abundance of
water, provisions, and stores for a long voyage.
The steam-engines for propelling this magnificent vessel are of 320
horses' power, that is, two engines, each of 1130 horses' power. They
were made by Messrs. John Seaward and Co., of the Canal Iron-works,
Limehouse, and are of a very novel construction, being remarkable for
their compactness, strength, and lightness. They have none of the
usual cast-iron framing, sway-beams, side-rods, or cross-heads, but the
line of shafts being placed directly over the centre line of the cylinders,
the rod of the piston is connected direct with the crank, by means of a
connecting rod of moderate length, without the intervention of any other
part or piece of machinery. The piston-rod is preserved in its vertical
position by a strong parallel motion, of peculiar construction, which
serves, at the same time, to work the air-pump, as also the feed and
bilge-pumps. The main carriages which carry the line of the
shafts are supported by eight bright wrought-iron columns, seven
inches in diameter, which yest, immediately upon the tops of the
cylinders, so that the whole strain and force of the engine is
confined entirely 'between the cylinders and the main car.
riages, and no strain or force of the machinery is thrown
upon any part of the vessel. Each engine is supported upon a
very strong foundation-plate, which, with the condenser, and the lower
part of the hot well, is cast all in one piece, and weighs about ten tons.
The spot occupied by these engines is remarkably small, being little
More than half what is required for engines of the same power made
upor, the ordinary plan with sway beams.
There are four copper boilers for supplying steam to the engines.
They are quite detached from each other, and can be used separately or
in conjunction, as may be required. This is an important convenience,
as it admits of repairs being made to one or two boilers while the others
are in use. The boilers stand in pairs, side by side, and back to back, so
that two of the boilers stand with their fronts towards the engines and
the bow of the ship, and the other two with their fronts towards the
stern of the vessel. There are twelve fireplaces, and two stoker-holes,
one in front of the boilers and one abaft. The two stoker-holes eommuni.
cate by passages going all round and over the boilers, by means of which
a free circulation of air is kept up throughout the engine.room.
On each side of the engines and boilers are ranged the coal-boxes,
Which reach on each side of the vessel from the after bulkhead to the fore
bulkhead. The boxes average about eight feet wide on each side, and
aff,rd ample stowage for 400 tons of coals, being adequate to sixteen
days' consumption of the engines; so that the engines and boilers stand
between two solid beds of coal eight feet thick. No shot could pass
through such a thickness of coal so as to do any material damage to the
machinery. Moreover, the most vulnerable parts of the engines, as
well as the boilers, are below the water line, and quite out of the reach
of shot,

The diameter of the cylinder is
Length of stroke
Diameter of paddie.wheel
Length of engine.romn, from the fore bulkhead to the after
bulkhead ...... ....

62 feet.

His Grace the Archbishop of York entertained the
Earl and Countess de Grey, Lady Radstock, Sir John and Lady John.
stone, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir James and Lady Parke, and a select party, at
dinner on Saturday evening, in Grosvenor-square. The Dowager
Countess of Cork and Ossory had a dinner party on Saturday evening,
at her mansion in Burlington-street. The Earl and Countess of Wil.
ton's grand dinner party consisted of the Duke of Beaufort, Marquis and
Marchioness of Londonderry, Count Pozzo di Borgo, Count and Countess
Zichi, Count and Countess Zaradooky, Colonel and Lady Alice Peel,
Countess of Chesterfield, Hon. Colonel Anson, Hon. Miss Forester,
Mrs. Montagu, lion. Cecil Forester, Mr. E. Stanley, Sir Robert Gordon,
Lady Willoughby D'Eresby. Lord Cantilupe, &c. Mr. and Mrs.
Beilby Thompson had a large party to dinner, on Saturday evening,
In Berkeley-square. Sir Robert and Lady Peel gave a sumptuous en.
tertainment, on Saturday even, at their residence, in Whitehall-gar-
dens, to their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of. Cambridge,
Duchess of Gloucester, and Prince George of Cambridge ; Earl and
Countess of Wilton, Duke of Wellington, Earl and Countess of Jersey,
and a distinguished party, met their Royal Highnesses at dinner. The
Russian Ambassador gave a grand entertainment on Saturday evtning
at Ashburnham-house ; the invitations were to the whole of the
Foreign Ambassadors Extraordinary, and the Members of the Ministry
were also invited to meet their Excellencies. Among the circle were
his Excellency Marshal Soult, his Highness Prince Putbus, his Excel-
lency Count de Lowenheim (Ambassador Extraordinary from Sweden),
his Excellency the Marquis de Brignole, his Excellency Count Stroga_
noff, his Excellency Prince Schwarzenberg, the Austrian Ambassador;.
M. de Kipeleff (Russian Charge d'Affaires), Baron Bulow, Prince Es-
terhazy, Count cr Agile, Count Sebastiani, Viscount Melbourne, Lord
John Russell, Earl of Mulgrave, Earl of Minto, Lord Holland, Marquis
of Anglesey, Duke of Sutherland, Marquis of Lansdowne, Earl of Al.
bemarle, Duke of Argyle, &c. Covers were laid for 2.8.
His Excellency Marshal Soult, in consequence of
not being presented to her Majesty until Friday, did not receive visiters
until Saturday, when his Excellency received upwards of 150 visits from
I! e elite of the nobility, among whom were his Excellency Prince de
Ligne, Ambassador Extraordinary from Belgium; his Excellency the
Marquis de Miraflores, Ambassador Extraordinary from Spain; Duke
of Argyll, Marquis and Marchioness of Salisbury, Marquis of Down.
shire, PrincQAlfred of Gratz, Marquis of Lansdowne, Lord and Lady
Waterpark, Earl and Countess of Shrewsbury, Count Charles de Grunne,
Sir Robert Peel, Lord Lynedoch, Sir John Hippesley, Marquis of Angle.
I •y, Earl and Countess of Clarendon, Sir J. and Lady Fuller, Lord Gros-
venor, Earl Poulett, Earl of Belfast, Earl and Countess of Norbury,
Lady John Somerset, Lord Fitzgerald, Lord A. Paget, Earl of Chart..
ville, Lord and Lady Maryborough, Lord Folkestone, Lord and Lady
Stewart de Rothsay, Sir George Murray, Sir C. Lemon; Sir George Sey-
mour, Baroness de Talbot, Sir W. Gordon, Sir W. W. Wynn, Sir G.
and Lady Westphall, Sir A. Maclaine, Lord and Lady Worsley, Hon.
Colonel Lowther, Sir J. B. and Lady Johnstone, Lady Vincent, Lady
F..rquhar, Lady Brooke, &c.

A singular circumstance lately occurred at Caldbeck
Church. There were christened, at the same time, three female In-
fants, whose mothers are sisters, namely, Mrs. Scott, of Caldbeck ; Mrs.
Olitmen, of Banncet Hill ; and Mrs. Pollock, of Mosedale; .daughters of
• Mr. William Stalker, the highly.respectable tenant of Hesket Hall.—
Carlisle Journal.
The Baroness Scmpill was presented to the Queen
at the last Drawing-rrom, on succeeding to her Peerage. Presented by
the Duchess of Somerset.
Kesewick is at present very full of company ;
tourists are arriving daily, and amongst them a number of collegians ar.
rived a few days ago for the purpose of spending their summer vacation.
SAWDUST lt. TOBACCO.—On Thursday an Irish-
man n insect John Patrick M'Dolan, and his wife, Maria-M'Dolan, were
charged before the Magistrates at Worship-street, with having attempted
to defraud a publican at Hackney, by selling him sawdust for tobacco.
It appeared that they hail offered to sell him a quantity at a cheap rate,
alleging that they had found it, and an open end of the package was
displayed, to show that it was capital tobacco, with a mysterious hint
that it was none the worse for having probably escaped the Custom
Hance. Mr. Boniface, however, cautiously opened the other end, and
finding the package filled with sawdust, with a layer of tobacco at one
c.d, he gave them into custody, The Magistrate committed Paddy
M'Do'.an to hard labour for a month, but discharged his wife.
GEOLOGICAL.I)tscovErty.—An interesting geo-
logical specimen has just been discovered, at the depth of 37 feet below
Si c surface of the rock, in the new red sandstone of Storton-hill Quarries,
four miles from Birkenhead, in Cheshire. It is a series of impressions
of footsteps in relief, of an extinct animal, called by Professor Kaup the
Cherothrrium—the existence of which, in former ages, has been known
only from similar marks having been found. The impressions bear a
strong resemblance to the human hand. Mr. Tomkinson, the lessee of
the quarry, on being made aware of the value of the slabs on which these
marks appear, has, in the most liberal manner, not only given one up,
without charge, to the Natural History Society of this town, but will
convey it to its destination at his own expense. He purposes also to
send another to the London Geological Society. Professor Buck land has
given au aecount, illustrated by engravings, in his Bridgewater Trea-
t' se, vol. I, p. 263, of the impressions of footsteps of the same extinct
animal discovered in the quarries of Hessberg, in Saxony. The slab of
sandstone is in the British .Museum.—Liverpool Chronicle.
WILLIs's Rooms.—Signor L. Martini and Don
J. Clebra's Morning Concert took place at these Rooms on Friday last,
erinducted by Signors Marra: and Cittadini. The instrumental solo
performers were Signor Martini (accordion), Ilerr Ernst (flute), Herr
Lidel (violoncello), Madlle C. Bott (grand pianoforte), and Don J.
Ciebra (guitar.) The vocal part of the concert was Oust by 'Miss
Cooper, Madlles. Koenig and Sardi ; Signors Martini, Mame, Roggere,
A. Giubilei, and Eon J. Ciebra. M. Starck sang his Ductlo (soprano and
Was) between the parts, and received great applause. Signor Mai tini's
fantasia on the accordion was a masterly performance, and he displayed
the sweet tones of this instrument with exquisite taste and effect. Don
J. Ciebre performed a grand symphonia fi om Semiramide, and a fantasia
introducing several popular mel•'dies, on the guitar; both of which were
most rapturously applauded ; his execution it quite astonishing. He
also sung a Spanish Romance with a great deaf of humour. The °Wier
puts of the concert were well received. The roost was full.
Those persons only, who hare been at Croydon cr
trookgreen fairs, when they were some years ago attended by the neigh-
bouring gentry and the respectable portion of the inhabitants of this
greet metropolis, eau form an adequate notion of the ear' iage and other
well-dressed company who yesterday crowded the neighbourhood of West-
minster Abbey and every avenue leading to it. eVe have been inflame
that no less than '2,000 were admitted to its interior, while the whole of
the Broad Sanctuary, from the corner opposite Bridge-street to the
western door of the venerable plle, was fitted.up with liege hs, as was the
space at the cast and south side of the Westminster Hospital. In the
front of that building the galleriee are three stevies high, and already
present a very handsome appearance. The houses- feces the corners of
King-strict to Parliatrients-treet have, alSe, belccnies; which are let•at
moderate piece. The whole front line cf Whitehall Chapel, Gwyder
Heed,, and file gardeus by its side, are also Me:it up, as well as the end
of RichMond-terrace, and from thence to the corner of Bridge-street, in
ftlmost eootinuous seats; even the space enclosed between the railiegs
which surround the statue at Charims.croes, is occupied in a simi'ar
Meitner. .

IRISH SPIRIT TRADE.—A deputation, consist-
ing of si%teen IriilA:presentatives, with Mr. Mrdden, had an inter_
view with Lord Viet aunt Mirpeth in the Lilt Cffce, nn Friday last,
relative to the retail spirit trade in Ireland. Mr. O'Connell and seve.
Tel other Members intered fully into explanations. Ills Lordship ,j_
mined the importance of the matter, and assurel the deputation, in the
most kind and affable taanter, that the subject should receile due con
sideration.

TRADE IN LEICESTERSHIRE.— The demand
continues good at old I rices, but no advances have yet been realised upon
manufactured stick—i.n advance of 2d. per dozen has been given to the
woe kinen in coarac e collen gloves. There is very little stock left in
the market of usicf.l! things, and workmen are generally fully cm.
plo;ed.—Leicestersiiire Mercury.
