New and Improved Editions.
GOSS'S WORKS. (Twentieth Edition
ss. each.
I. THE JEGIS OF LIFE.
" Hominem pagina nostrasapit."
" Our page relates to man."—MA WHAT,.
- _

A Non-Medical Commentary on the indiscretions aris-
ing from Human Frailty, in which the nature, symptoms,
and baneful effects of Self-abuse, Intemperance, and Liber-
tinism, &c., are fully developed ; with Practical Observa-
tions on Sexual Debility, and Mental Irritation, with some
interesting Observations on Vegetable and Animal Life ;
in Part 11. is a series of Cases illustrative of the preceding
subjects, explaining them in a familiar manner.
By GOSS and Co., Consulting Surgeons, London.
" Naturas beatis.

Omnibus esse dedit, si quis cognoverit uti."—CLAunta
" Since Heaven to all the fund of bliss supplies,
" Its frugal application marks the wise."

2. The SYPHILIST, a Familiar Treatise on Disorders
arising from Lues Venerea, Gonorrhea, Stricture, Seminal
Weakness, &c., with a variety of remarks occurring in a
very extensive practice, each Section explained by cases.
S. HYGEIANA, a Non-Medical Analysis of some
Complaints incidental to Females, as Leucorrbrea, Nervous
Irritation, &c. in which are offered some important admo-
nitions on the peculiar debilities attending their circum-
stances, sympathies, and formation. The subject of
Sterility is especially dwelt upon. Interesting and impor-
tant cases illustrate the subject.
" Quo fugit Venus ? Heu ! quove color decens ?"
Hort. Lib. 4, Od. 12.
" Whither flies Love ? Ah ! where the charming bloom?"
The above may be had of Sherwood and Co., Pater-
noster-row, - riol:tdvgi,:tiLtibtoxo,u,bennrtsgdeo;
Edinburgh
; Wrightson,
Thtr
soon, t
Birmingham, GI sgo ‘v
;9,DCuaffilteoind:
Bath ; Brown and Reid, Bristol; Weller, Cheltenham;
Loder,iTprsew%vilenhaßn; Wood,Lßae
Bacon
aGn Huntingdonodrecai,.. ;,d
Norwich
icLiverpool
e CambridgerDp oeoc
lk
;,;
Platt and Todd, Sheffield; Sowler, Manchester; Slatter,
Oxford ; Brodie and Dowding, Salisbury ; Oxley, Wind-
sor ; and of all Booksellers. Price ss. each.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. are to be consulted, as usual,
every day, at their house ; and Patients in the remotest
parts of the Country, can be treated successfully on de-
scribing minutely the case, and enclosing a remittance for
Advice and Medicine which can be forwarded to any par-
of the world. No difficulty can occur, as the medicines
will be securely packed and carefully protected from ob-
servation.

GOSS and Co. M. R. C. Surgeons, No. 1, Bouverie-
stre t, Fleet-street, London.

On Tuesday evening, Mr. BORTHWICK at-
tempted t 3 deliver his lecture in favour of the gradual
abolition of slavery, at Gloucester; but the feeling for its
speedy abolition is so strong in that city, that ho could not
be heard. Several gentlemen of the Blue party wished
to address the meeting, but met with the same reception.—
Bath Herald.

TI Et M I SSES TIJ RT 0 N.—These ladies are
at present at Boulogne, where they attract great notice.
Not having changed their names they were recognised im-
mediately on their arrival, and were followed by crowds of
their countrymen, anxious for a sight of them. They have,
in cons, (pence, resolved on quitting Boulogne.

The Literary Gazette of Dec. 8, No. 829,
contains an important Exposition of the actual state of
Egypt and its Ruler, derived from authentic observations
in the country ; and an interesting Narrative of the death of
the Duke de BERRI, the conduct of the Duchess, &C., by
M. CHATEAUBRIAND. The Reviews, and other novelties,
in this No., comprehend an Epitome (from DUNLOP'S
History) of the Drama in America; Notes on Dr.
SOUTnEY, Mr. TENNYSON, Mr. C. LAMB, and the Rita-
Lamb School of Poetry and impertinent Press ; enter-
taining view of the domestic manners of Persian Women,
from AT.:lrtsoN's translation of the Oriental jeu d'esprit,
" Kitabi Kulsum Naneh ;" Original Letters and particulars
of Sir WALTER SCOTT, POLwitELE's Collection; ACCOtint
of the recent and remarkable discovery of the Port of
Pompeii, with its shipping, as buried under the eruption
of Vesnviu', A.D. 79 ; and the usual Criticisms on new
Books, Works of Art, Exhibitions, Theatres, Reports of
the Proceedings of all learned and scientific Societits,
Literary Novelties, /cientific Inventions, and other mis-
cellaneous matters connected with the improvements of
the times.—Published every Saturday Morning, by W. A
Scitirrs, 7, Wellington-street, Strand, in Numbers of 16
quarto pages, or stamped for transmission by post.
