, .
[PRrcr BEVE NPF;Ir
.

E4NIIi3pATION'.

. . ,
. . ,
We have often attetitptud, io preVent-onr delud!.
ed, fellow-subject's troth being enticed by, artful
men to leave their Country in hopes of visionary
Kapp i4CSS in the United States of America
Cruel has been the disappointment to many .per-
sons from Ireland. A.meeiing took .piace at New
York', on the 27th of November, for the purpose
of procuring Eoine settlement for .these unfortu-
nate ,Emigratits: and to this meeting the tollow=
ing judicious observetioo. relate t

•
, (From The Cork rldrer irer.pf;`the fith first.)
"The Neeting in New York, Which assembled in order to
deviSe meastires,fpr the relief of those' unfcirtunate and' de-
, laded wretches who have absaduned this country in the hope
of nsi;etingWith employment and wealth, in -the United
States, but who their, misfortune, .have diScovered
that they.have left their native land only to expirience-itilMS-
pitality starvation, and contempt. For this to be sure they
have hardly any one to blame but themselves :cOruein sense
might have suitgcsteilto them that in the sitici of Ainerica,
as New York, Philadelphia, Boston, or CliarletoWri, it ,was
only rcaSonable• to expect that every 'bratia of trade; every
object of profitatle pursuit, was occupied already as fully,
and in some cases as overstocked by established•tradersi
as any where in Europe; that' iii the civilized dis-
tricts, hgriculture :Was sutlicientry supplied with la-
bourers : and that they brought with them no niantr-
facture as the unpatriotic emigilitits from England, no vine.
and olive as the jacobin refugees of Fi-atice; td introduce them
to the notice of the Speculators or the Government of their
adopted country. But they , stOrned- the didates of the
common sense of the Old. World; common sense of. Tom

Paine, the pious panegyrist of America, being; we Suppose,
far superior. All they thbughti;rf was, that Acherica is a fine
place and a free place, where every man is a Patriot, and
co adventurer can fail of beingetaliebed by the mere breathing
of the'air. Profligate niusters of vessels, who did not care whe-
ther the miserable ..dlijectsof their delusion were starved Nt,
not, provided they could extort their freight; bukzeil
this fairy tale continually in the ears of all Who they
thought were foils enough td listen to them : and shame;
to say, NtiWSpaper Writers ‘re' found every wherei
aye, even in this very •city, syread the , same story,
to publish exultingly die number of unfortunate emi-
grants, and to t.riuuiph in the approaching blessituSlo
entailed all who had the happiness aif crossing the At,
!antic: And what are these blessings ? Let 'this document
linsiVer, this document drawn up by tractors or the suns 'of
tritors; by Men envenomed against their native country,
whd have al'‘Vays been preaching tire advantage of eatigra,
forced try want td lretome noxious and dangerous ;' they
:►re deClared hi have become burdens arrd scourges
to the Anierican cities ;' nhthing, it is Said,

scarcely .Can be conceived more distressing than
the situation of these titifriended strangers',' they
have `fifst,' says Mr. Sampson's Circular, the pure anti
honest energies with which they left•thcir native land, and
b:ive suffered worse than Shipwrecli in their moral qualities'
These are,the.blessings of the land of liberty and the slays
trade ! And what does the charity of Mr. Emmett, and Dr
Nl‘Nevin, and Mr. Sampson, and the rest of the gang of run-
away rebels, propose for the relief these miserable men ? Why
a Petition to Congress, to give them waste uncleared lands
among the Illinois; and, if tills he granted (tt problematical
point), they Will have the sublime felicity of working like
dray horses to cut down the treei, and enitivate the soili
with rifle-gun in hand tdptottet thrniselt^rs against the In-
dians; and iii the end, peihMte; after paying either with
thillars oP pe.isotial slavery for this indulgence, bo turned out
like old Dan Boon, and the original settleri of Kentucky, by
some knaiiSh act of an unprincipled CongfeSs.

" Mr. Emmett, koWel,er, Sits the love tl:e
tchiStittltioit Of the States. Pretty conart this, by the way,
for starving men ! But, we do nut ntul•lt doubt the truth of
his assertion : many of theni are worthy of liming it. Frau,..
(Intent bankrupts, debtors in dread of )ail, swindlers, as-
sassins (as •tVatsoti), trernitting libellers (us Cobbett)', the
pits atque Ven`,'7lUnt of thil.ecinntry, Pinned a great propor-
tion Of those who have sought Auierici. We dd. not pity
them for their sufferings : we dd not envy the acquisition of
such citii'enS to any State. Ite could afford a nine!' greater'
exportation. But we do pity the sedticed peasant Asr trades-
man s•io has been Mimi .hy tAisetinod and thisteptesentation;
to quit his
.conutry to famish; and and tte deipiied as a no►vious
intruder. %ye liopb their fate will operate at a warning 160
othert. . . .

We bate betn some 'hat diffuse on this subject, hecaued
we think it only emianion chat ity to guard- the unwary against
the arts of seduction. We alwziys have piiintii out the fully
of these golden dreams, and done the utmost in Our rowel'
to the pro; Tess of the Strobg delusion of Many of out
codntrymen. nilr prognostications have been, sadly foe
the sufferers, but in every resttebt, fulfilled. Some of
Our conteniporatieS, hoWever, hgte aided the Master&
of vessels in their schemes, and palitted Atherica is
Paradise. A Mode of conduct •e)ceniable only on the ground
of gross ignoiance of the subject on which they %etre writing.
Would not it be only fair that they ihoidd tidy, mate the
amende hOilotable llut in last night's Paper, a print very
active in that way, there is tint ri word of apology to the
wretched whoM they hare, as far as in them lay, coati itiuted
to send to ergary and famine; not a word of caution td
othei4 who might haVe belitti u their tarherliotins.”

B:ltttrtlay an Intinct: WEIS held at the Hi!l.g. and
(tie' n, PAddington-green, int the body of [Lei).
Ramsey, 8.,4L;11 21, and who %%as (1.0.vited,..11
niissing the lug-linat on the rand]. lIIe nigliT pre-
ceditte, Tlie deceased —was just dis(hargen trona
the ISt's tegitnent of foot. Vet diet-z--." eeident„i
ally ilfonntd,"

14,
r.
