4allltboli. t ilAtTi.

MANIFESTO OF THE- KING.--Puttusnno Oct. 2, 1314.
Sovereign of a nation too long oppressed, whiCh
has grafered =the no..st cruel persecutions, and which
by "its energy, constancy, rota age', ;and valour,
`has succeeded in effecting its liberty nod ittdepen-
'dence : otn- only end, our unceasing anxiety, has
been, to give to it a rank among civilized States,
by consecrating our labours to the happiness of a
'good, brave, and generous people, which has en-
trusted to us. the care of Its destiuies.
It is under favourable circumstances in Which
liberal and dignified ideas appear to predominate
'over those disastrous times when m;tnkind groaned
beneath :he most horrible tyranny, and under
'which we behold the•SoVereigns of Europe. solely
engaged at present in rendering their people hap-
py, that we deem it our anty to raise our,voice,
and to justify, at the tribunal of nations, the legi-
timacy of our independence. .
A simple relation of facts, a plain narrative of
the events which have produced our independence
will he sufficient to demonstrate by the must sa-
tisfacrory'evidence, to the whole world, our rights
and the justice of our cause.
'We shall not attempt to depict the deplorable
'situation into which we were plunged before( the
`,epoch of our emancipation. The world knows,
tat. for upwastts :of 15 years we were afflicted by
the grievous yoke of slavery,- condemned to con-
tempt and punishrhent: The recital of ;our pro-
tracted tnisfortunes, and the description of the hor-
rible tortures we have suffered during the colonial
system, are the peculiar province of our history,
which will transmit them to posterity.
It is our earnest wish to pass over these times
of opprohiutu and iniquity, and arrive at the era
Nvhen general liberty was proclaimed by the agent,s
of the French Government, and sanctioned by
France herself, during several years of conucc-
kiwi, and of mutual and uninterrupted eorrespoo-
deuce between the Governments of the ONO coun-
tries.

We were Worthy of liberty,. from our fidelity
and attachment to the mother country ; we have
proved our gratitude to her, .when reduced to our
own resources,. inflexible to menaces, inaccessi-
ble to seduction, deaf to proposition, we • braved
misery, famine, and all kinds ,of privations, and
ffnally triumphed over both her external and in-
ternal enemies. We were then far from foresee-
ing, that'l2: years after Wards., as a reward for so
much perseverance,. so many sacrifices, and so
much blood, I;rance Would 'wish to deprive us,
in the mostharbarous Manner, of. the niost pre-
eions of all possessions—liberty. -
Under the -administration of tle,Governor-Ge-.
rieral Toussaint Louverture,. Hayti ruse from its
ashes", and every thing seemed to promise a happy
futurity. The 'arrival of General Hedouville
Changed the appearance of things, and gave a
death blow to public tranquillity. We shall Pot
enter -into a ,detail of :his infrigues with the na-
tVian General 4igroid, whorn he persuaded to 1-e-
-volt against his legitimate Chief. We shall merely .
tt.t.t before thie agent departed be disturb-r
• ,ed every thing, by th;mviag amongst us the brands
of discord, anil it was only after the flowing of .
torrents of-blood • that public tranquillity was re-
established. AlwayS' occupied in the restoration
'of peace, Toussaint Louverture, -by his paternal
administration, bad recalled the reign of the laws,
of morality, of, piety, of learning, of industry.—
Agriculture "and commerce flourished. He pa-
tronised the white colonies, particularly the
planters ; his solicitude, nay, -his preference, had
been carried to such a height, that he was loudly
blamed for being more attached to them than to
cotintrytnen. This reproach. was not tvithout
some foundation, for some.mouths before the ar-
rival of the French he sacrificed -his own-nephew,
General IVldyst, because he had rot observed his
orders for the protection ,of the colonists. This
-act of the Governor, and the great confidence he.
. placed in the French Government were the prin-
cipal causes of the' public reception. t-he French
experienced at 'Hayti. Indeed, so strong was his
confidence in that ..Govertnnent that he had 'dis-
missed the greater part of-the trans of the line.
Such was the situation of affairs whilst the' peace of Amiens
was ne,sociating.. It was scarcely eoncl tided when a powerful
army landed on our coast, which surprised as in a mo-
swot of perfect security, and plunged us 'into an abyss of
misfortunes. Posterity will scarcely believe that in a philans
ttiropic and enlightenjd age so abominable au-enterprise took
place. From the bosom of art enlightened nation a- swarm
of barbarians went forth' to destroy and load with fetters a
whole civilised am' nnotleriding people.
It was not-enough to use torte; hut the better to insure
the success of the expedition, it was necessary to use per dious and shameful meaus. It was necessary to sow division
amongst us in order to cause a division fas'onrable to their
objects. Thew neglected nothing to attain this execrable end.
Thr chiefs ofdilferent colours who were in France, even the
sons of the GO-vernor Toussaint Lonvertare, were brought
over in the expedition—even they were deceived,' like us, by
that masterpiece of perfidy, the Proclamation of the First
Consul, in which. he said You-are all equal and free before
God and the Republic.' This was his declaration, while the
instructions given tb General Leclerc positively enjoined the
imposition of slavery.. It Was not enough to take men as wit-
nesses of-his rierjory, hut the Deity most also be insulted-by
horrible blasphemy.
The greater part of the people, deceived by these fallacious
promises, and long.. accustomed to consider themselves
French, submitted without resistance. - The Governor so
little expected to hare an enemy to oppose, that he had not
even given any 'orders to his 'Generals in case of an attack.
. On the appearance of the French squadron in the east of the
island, if any Generals did resist, it was merely because the
hostile manner which they were summoned to. surrender
had obliged thstn to consult • only their duty, their honour,
and the circumstances in which they were placed.—[To prove
these assertions reference is made to some official documents
which are annexed to the Manifesto.]
resistattee of some months. the Governor yielded
to\the pressing intreaties and to the "formal protestations- of
Gen.. Leclerc, tt.tat perfect liberty sliould be. aintained, and
, that Trance tivould never destroy her noblest work. On this
basis- the Pentx"''as nvg,,ciated with the French, and Gover-
nor Toossaint, having laid thorn his authority, quietly re-
tired to the retreat he'liad chosen.
The_FrvOeh bad scarcelyextended their dominion over the
'bole isJirud; more by cunniug arid persuasion thatihy force
of al7ls>,*hets they began tnput in execution their horrible
system of slaveryond destruction.. The better to accomplish
their plans, a essfrespondence was fahrieated by Maqliiavelic
andnnercenary scribes—designs were'zittributed to To;,,,,aint
which he,had never thought of. ',V ht, quietlyil reposing in
his habitation of 'Pongandin, true.::--the protection of solemn
treaties; lie was loaded with chains; conveyed to France with
his -family in a vessel called the Nero ; and ail Europe knows -
how he terminated his onhappy career, amidst the tortures
and horrors of the dungeon of Chateau de Joux, in Franche-
Cannti; :tact was the recomPence reserved for. his attach-
ment to France, and for the eminent services which he had
-rendered berand‘the colonists.
Frost this moment the signal for arrests wits given through-
chot the isrand. All tho:•it with fiall .displayed strength of
Injt-01,, or superior talents, at the period when we claimed the
~rights;of -man, were first seized upon.- EVen the traltots

- • • 1-1 . vanguards)
, 'who- haa tile tench armts, v gaiding eir
and pointing- out their telloW2eilizens ro their venge ince-,
were not spared. At first it was a`tterupted to sell them ice
foreign colonies; but tbis not bavitig suceeeded, the French
resulted to carry-them to pounce, 'where oppressive. lithouv,
the.gulleys, fetters, and dungzonl aWaited them. Theis the
Colonists, whose nonincr had progressively increased, think-
ing their Empire alreadyttstabliAed, ceased td disseiuble,
Openly declared that slave) v sets rt!,esta:Aished, and acted
confer usably with their .deelaratiort. 'These Shameless men
desired, that those should at subtnit to-the yoke of slavery
who had distingnished theonselVes and been uterol to their
country both in civil and military capacities : that virtuous
and honourable Magistrates;, that Warriors covered with
wounds, Whose blood had been s;iilfed in the cause rf FrLosce,
and of liberty, should be' degraded by again becoming,
slaves: • •
Ths'tireag.colonists, who bad hut just obtained possession
of heir\estates, whose empire was held together by a thread,e
ah:eady decides! Which should be the first victiws of their ven-
geance. Then arrived the infamous 'decree of Buonaparte,
which confirmed the re-establishMent of our slavery; and the
better to insult our. inisery, fie employed tosvards us the same.
'system of delusion Which he usually made use of towards the
people of Europe. This decreewas brought by a traitor call-
ed Hercule, a black oti/cer, who was the ercature of Buona-
parte. The proud and liberticide faction of the Colonists,
and sellers of hurnati pests, which since the Revolution has
annoyed every succeeding government of France, with phms,
. projects, and atrocious and extravagant memorials; tending
to our destruction—this •faction,• tormentedsby the recollec-
' thus of the deSpotism s'vbich it exercised iii Hayti, agitated by
a crowd of contending passions, employed all possible means
to seize again ins the prey which hid escaped froni it. Under
the reign of, the Constituent Assembly, it supported independ-
ence; under that of the Jacobins, sided with the Terrorists;
when Buonaparte': governed, it was violently-Buonapartist :
and, in short, it put.on'the mask of all parties to render them
'favourable. It was' thus that it persuaded Buonaparte to
undertake the unjust expedition against Hayti. It was the •
.same faction which; after persuading bins into that Measure,
tarnished him with pecuniary resources, by subscription lists,
which were opened at this period. It was this faction, in a
word; which caused the blood of our countrymen to flow so
.abundantly-;—which instigated !the unheard of. punishments
which we have felt, and which could have beets invented only
by colonists, hardoncd in, and habituated to, all. sorts of
crimes. It is to the Colonists that Praikce.owes that loss of a
numerous arrnyi'which perished on the plains and inountaius
of Hayti : to than is attributable that' shameful enter-
prise which has imprinted an 'indelible stain on the Wench

name. • •
We are persuadm J, after the cruel experience we have had
of the spirit whica animates,these Colonists and traffickers in
human flesh, and their file supporters, that they will employ
all their aceirstoined means.to-engage the French Cabinet in
a new enterprise against us. If ever this enterprise should
tan!' .place--and that, it will We hardly believe-.to this cast,
the,eneuties of the human race, we shall be indebted for it;
for we are far from imputing such an intention to those Eu-
ropeans 'who have no knowledge of the colonial system of
which we have been the victims, anti of the hiorrihle misfor-
tunes which we have suffered. What interest had the French
in cart ing the horrors et war into the heart of a nation
which 11, proud of belonging to them ? What interest had
they in coming to bury themselves in our destructive climate,
and in renderiugthemselves Mit instruments of the colonists,
to satiate their thirst fur riches and for vengeance ?
Nevertheless, the greater part of the people began to thke
op arms to preserve lire and liLmerty. This first. movement
alarmed the French, and appeareffserious.enough to General
Leclerc, to require the convoca:ion of an Extraordinary As-
sembly of the colonists, in order to adopt meastires the best
adapted to restore a better state of. affairs; but these colii-
nists, far from relaxing their atrocious principles in conse-
quence of imperious circumstances, unanimously answered
in these words—" No shL:ely, no colony."
,As Members of this Council, its vain we raised our yoke
to prevent the completion of the ruin of our country-in
rain we made representations on -the injustice of imposing
slavery on freemen—in vain, from our knowledge of th
spirit and love of liberty which animated our countrymen,
we asserted thilt it was the •only means of detaching this
country for twer fruits France. All was useless. Convinced,
then, that nn means of concili'ation'existed, and that it was
necessary to choose between slavery and an honourable death,
we r7l.Ve i nfOrmat ion of the state of things to our A:Hem-citizens,
,mitt) had 'their eves fixed upon us ; and we all unanimously
took up arms, resolved to die or to expel for ever the tyrants
from our soil. As to General Leclerc, who had already an.
Pounced the submoiSsiott of the island, and had even received
letters of congratulation, on the supposed conquest of Hayti,
fruits the' maritime towns of- France, where the principal fol-
lowers of the slave Trade resided, ashamed of having .held
out illusory hopes, vexed at not baying been able to COIISUILI-
mate this detestable enterprize,. fearing the approach of a
terrible war, despair shortened his days,,and hurried hint to
ins. grave.. .
Among otheecrimes which distinviished the administration
of Leclerc, that practised against `lie tlaytian General Mao-
repas will excite the indignation of any heart susceptible of
pity. Maurepas, of gentle manners, honest, and respected.
by his conntyymen, who became one of the first among
Frenchmen, and who had rendered them the most
services, was suddenly carried away to Port de Paix, and put
on board the Admiral's ship in ;he road of the Cape, where,
after having been fastened to the toast, two old epaulets were
placed iiiderision upOn his shoulders, anoi an old General's
hat put upon his head, with nails, such as are used in the
buildings. of ships; in this frightful situaton. after having
satiated the savage joy of those cannibals, he was precipi-
tated with his wife and children into the warts. Such was
the punishment of this virtuous-and unfortunate soldier!
To the Government of Leclerc sueceededthat
.of. Roclianr-
beau. This monster; The agent of Iluonaparte, was polluted
by every species of crime sp:lred 'neither sex, infancy,
tow old age; be surpassed in cruelty the Most refined villains
in ancient or modern times; the gibbet was raised every
where, the drowning and burning machines, and all kinds of
puzmishments, were pet in practice by his orders. He in,.
vented alitid of Machine where victims of both sexes, heaped
one upon another, were suffocated by, the vapour of sulphur.
In his senseless rage, he went to the expellee of bringing is
pack of blood hounds from Cuba to this island: they were
brought br a Fla.:adman named Naailles, of an illustrious
family, wilt), during the. Revolution, was the' first who be-
trayed his benefactors; and thus was the b moan race given
up to he devoured by dogs; and those animals partmili of time
horrible propensities of their masters. What then was our
critic? What had we done to deserve such a proserip.tion ?
Is this African origin, then, to be a cause of eternal oppro-
brlvin• to us ? • Is ;the colour of our skin to be fur ever the
seal of ear reprobation ?
In time space of one and twenty months, during which the
French remained in our island, more than IG,nop of our coun-
trymen perished by the tortures pst described. , The bat-
!-ma rities.committed upon the Havtians by, these modern con-
querors exceeded the mimes of .Pizarro, of Cortez; or Ilmida-
villa, the first devastators of the new world. After.ali their
efforts, we bare effected the “pulsion of these oppressors of
our ,territory,

T
o secure us for ever against the return of such barbarities
and Unheard of crimes; as well as against perfidy and injus-
tice, we resolved for ever to rid ourselves of every hind of fo-
reign dominion ; and accordingly on the 4st of Januarv, 1804,
in a General Assembly of the Representatives of the Zation,
the _independence of ilayti was iolemuly proclaimed ; and we
took—an oath to the- free and independent, and never submit.
to any, foreign power, -
Like other people, our first years were chequered with
errors and troubles; like them we partook of the vicissitudes
inseparable from revolutions. On our advancement to the
throne, our first care-was, to raise the name and dignity of
the flaytion people, convinced thatgood faith, frank„ness, and
probity in all transactions, respect for property and the rights
of men, could alone effect this-object. Convinced thatsthe,
laws- constitute the happiness of men united in society, our
first object Was -to form a code of laws conformable to
"our nsages, our climate, and our manners. After a laborious
attention,' arid with the assistance of the Almighty, we have
been enabled to r,ut the finishing stroke to this basis of our
social edifice. have constantly encooraged iq.;Tieniture
and commerce, which arc the chann!:ls of public prosperity.
Abundant harvests.have been the result of the taboUr and
efforts of our cultivators. C-ireatquantities of-products have
been. carried away from our ports since wa proclaimed our
independence; and partieniarly during- the years 181-2, 1813,
ISI4, by foreign nations, which have carried on a lucrative
commerce with us.

Solicitations. to adopt 'every means for reviving our internal
prosperity, at all times attentively observin the events that
passed in Europe during the bloody strtiggle suyperted there,
we tlever_for a single instant lust sightof our military system
of defence.
.•

In'tluit attitude ne expected that Buotipparte, the enemy
of the world, would attack us; either 'hy force of anoe or by
pertfdv, , his accustomed means. 'We have not forgot that
after the Peace of. Amiens, his first object was to enter ou
that famous-expediti,in for our extermination.
But th.e God.of Armies, who raises and overturns thrones
accOrding to his will, did not, io his justice, consent that this
oppressor of nations ,hould accomplish his horrible design'.
We hope that his will rep,,.:; to the
hope that the return of thoe liberal and reanimating senti-
tucnts which influence the Euloyeau Power, will induce them

to aehnoWleoge the uulep'entitir9ee.l4f t people to regime only
the tnjelyinent of peace ari.d.CO:lnnAxce, the otleci of all clvie-
Iked natiebK,'.
It will be itVain to atfcrupt bv_ine;nt of fofee or
f . .
~.'doction, to tYibiee.tis udder- fo4ign daminbin. The ab-
,uiti maxim of de NLieing. incn, in Order to govern them, is no
ioager daiyero,l, to ns. Taught by bxperienee; we have ac-
quired the aid of truth, of eeli,on, an'il of force. We shall no
longer he the %Ictiapei of etAirlity: w 1 cannot forget, that at-
tenept, :rive c..lready beenqinule to talteaw..ayony liberty. 'Pld
painful recelieetion of the horrible. liqui,lements which pie-
cipitated info the .rave out father,, one mothers, and chil-
dren, will 111 cr hr etraced, from our ruirv!,s. . •

We can ne',.er again lit., deceived; v. hionv thel/crrerse-
ness of our enemies: have bi/fore our eyes the pr,:iects
of those men named Malonet, Barri de Saint Venant,.Pages,
1.1-uileyontl other. .Colonists. The politieal re!igi/ of those'
tra dicers in human flesh—cif those cond7:4:llors of misfortunes
—is well knowi, to us :—it is siarerg and desti'iiction. We
are not ignorant of the erithinal plutd, thest/woeful measures
bl those apostles of criminality and fahohnoti ; th,ey are even
noire distinguished by their writings than by the tortures they
inflicted on us.

.117 e call upon all the Sovereigns itf the world—we call upon
the brave an4l loyal British Nation; which was the first in it;
august Senate to proclaim the in the infamous trade
iu blacks; and whit h, making a noble use of the ascendanay
of victory, notified its resolution to the other States with
which it concluded Treaties—we cell ulion all philanthropists,
upon all men, and upon the whole world, and ask what
people, after 25 years of conflicts, and after having conquered
their libetty and their independence, wotail content to lay
down their arnts for the purpose of agaittliecoming the spOrt
aud the victints of their cruel oppressors? The last of the
Haylians will yield up his last sigh suoucr than renounce his
.independenee.

iVe will not do any Powdr the injustice of snpposiiu that it
.entertains Cu: chimerical project of establishing- its ,way in
Hayti by furce of Harms. The power that
:would undertalia:
Tstteil arienterprize, would have to march for a lung time Over
:ruin and dead bodies; and after having wasted all it; means,
if it could attain it.; objeet, what advantage would it derive
from the loss of so much blood aril-treasnre I It is not pre-
sumptuous to suppose that his Majesty Louis XVIII., folloW-
ing the impulse of rhot philanthropic.spirit that reigns in his
family, after the example of his unfortunate brother Louis
XVI. in his political conduct towar4s the United States of
America, will imitate that Miniareb iii achaowleking the
independence of Hayti. This would not only he an "act Of
jiutiee, but a rep:Athol of the evils which we have suffere'd
from the French Government.

It is in vain that our calumniators shall dare ai2:ain to al-
lege, that we shilidd ant be considered as a people aspiring to
indepcodence,and collectively, employed in the teams qf at-
taiuuig it. absurd assertion, invented by perfidy, wick-
edness, and the sordid interests of slave traders, deseryes.thc
profoundest contempt and indignation of men of liroperty.in
'all countries. This assertion-has been sufficiently falsified
during eleven year, of independcnce,, and its happy results.
Free
,in
,point of right., and independent in fact, we will
never renounce 'these. blessings ; we will never consent to
behold the destruction of that edifice -‘vhich we have cemented
with our blood, wan we ere buried under its rains.
We offer to. coutfinere.Sl P ,wer A, who shall cutter into re-
lations with us, our hien Iship•—security to their property,
and our Royal protect'', n to their peaceable subjects, who
shall come to our country with .the intention of carrying on
their commercial angles, and who shall e.o4furt'ut to our laws
and usag•es.

The kin., of a free people, a soldier by habit, we fear no'
war or enemy. We bare alreadv.signified our lieterininatiott
not to interfere in any way in the internal government of our
neighboprs: We Wi,h to enjoy peace and tranquility among
ourselves, and to exert the sante prerogatives which other
'people hare, of making law; for the:a-selves. If, after the
free exposition bi our sentiments, and the justice of our
cause, any Power should, contrary ti the laws of nations„
place a laosti,le fort in our territory, then our first duty will be
to repel such an act of.aggression by every our
•power.
We solemnly declare that we will never consent to any
treaty, or any condition, that shall e(improniise the honour,
the liberty, and independence of the Haytian Peliplc... Faith-
ful to our oath, we will rather bury ourselrgs under the ruins-
of our country, than suffer our political rights to sustain the
sligH-e:t injury.

;n-,..nr Palace of Sans S:nci, the 13th of .September,
4. Eleventh Year of Irt,.i,pcn.i..l.ce, nod the Fourth
Of our Reign.

i::iecl) • HENRY.
•
By tioi King, tie Secretary of State;
,Minister fur Foreign
Affairs, ...
Count de IINIONADE.
* See•Malonet'S Memoirs respecting St. Domingo.

[Frain the Royal Gazette of :lag. 16.]
ELF.vENTa YEAR OF INOEpENDENcE.
CAPE AUCi„ 15. After twenty-five
years of a revolution, which' has enr.anguined Eu-
rope, and carried. its ravages into the new as well
as the Old world; the European Powers have at
last concluded a general Peace,
Of the coliditions of the treaty signed at l'aris
on the 30th of Mav we are still ignorant. All we
know is, that a new Constitution, on the. princi-
ples of Itepresint'a:i've Government, has been
adopted ; that the 'ancient. dynasty of the liour7
lions has been restored, &c.. Whatever entry he
the result of the late occurrences in Europe, they
darkly interest those nations which lave asserted
their independence in the ?sew World, and parti-
cularly, Hayti, from its political .and commercial
situation. Under the,e circumstances, we think
it our duty to perform tire. task We hive tinder-
taken,:by,inft?riniug our;fellow-citizens of all that
interests them, and declaring our our
fears, and Ott, hopes.
A brilliant day of happiaess seems to dawn upon
the world ; the glory and renown of a great and
magnanimous Sovereign have- resounded from the
frozen extremities of the North to Our burning
and distant climate.
A Nation equally glest and generous, a philan-
thropic people, whose valour and enlightened state'
have more than once fixed the destinies of the
world, give their benevolent aid to render Nations
free nd happy. Will Monarchs, re-established
on their thrones, after being instnicted in the
school of adversity, do less than 'Sovereigns
crowned with the wreaths of victory ? It is natu-
ral to think, that, after a long and cruel expe-
rience of.heavy misfortunes and dreadful vicissi-
tudes, aftcr the torrents of blood %dile!) have pol-
luted her soil, France must sigh for the advan-
tages and repose of peace. It is to be presumed
that re-animating principles and liberal ideas
nnist have excluded the monstrous and devastat-
ing system of conquest, which had brotight that
country to the brink of destruction.
The aimerical and ambitions project of universal empire,
which tended to the subjugation of every people, having dis-
appeared with its abominable anthorf aud the greater part of
those men who gnverned France being doubtless convinced
of the illusory nature of their projeets,,and fatigued by ad-.
versity, have, no doubt, adopted more just and humane sen-
timents. The need of repairing their losses, and of restoring
the prosperity of their families, must make them desirous o-f
peace, stability and commerce.
Our implacable enemy no longer exists. The execrable
Buonaparte, who in vain endeavoured to exterminate us, has
been overcome by the efforts of the Allies. Europe, as for-
tunate as ourselves, has just shaken oft far ever his tyrannical
yoke. We are proud of having overcome his • satellites, .and
of never having entered into any treaty with him, Mutterer
were his proposals; and ice may justly congratulate ourselves
in having aided in the liberation of Europe by our pe •e-
-verance repelling. his perfidious offers, and by the valour
with which we fought and destroyed his armies.
We never would enter into any treaty with a monster who
wished to exterminate us, or impose on its that yoke which
we have for ever cast off. No—never would-we have bowed
our heads under that frightful yoke which we, had broken !
never would we have yielded or have acquiesced ill any can-
(lit ion which would have 'Rimed our political rights; and we
shook' have preferred extermination to the loss of that liberty
and that independence which we have gained fur twenty-five
years of combats, of sacrifices, ittul of blood !
With the same rights, we have not the same reasons for
refusing the•.offers which the Monarch who governs France
may ulalie to ,our larlorgd,Sovertiiia, he not baying endea-

t.••
• .
• Eai°3lo',
;,isuta, lilt: Ittionaprtti, dent-roY
Wit are even versua,seti, raitt,il,4iucere
Matte to .t.tty Mortar:Ai wha reigns over would•••,•,7;1' • or
I.s-so 'inuall beloved liy'his People, lib
tunity of re-establishit%, in a solid and dlitB, ewitlitbc
beCtiOnS of commerce add allianCe cunipaiib'e s.
and inependence of his kinut, •
A trdeaty of commerce with b g4otie, ef the coPl'-'
Europe could not but be ii'jyrintageous both t;
contracting party. A, Slight glance mi. r
2
the •aVaritages of tell a2treaty. Silo) is bette
such a negociation than be whom wisdom, dls - love ' of)
entire 'devotion to the good of the I-layt ;3°4 Pd
distinguiihed in the wok, critical tiniments.7,/•,;dro
truly great and Royal character, win c"t' . • neliV.;
faith, are the surest, guaranti..es of treaties? • ,
If we desire the advantages and repose of Peciecellti`t-!
fear fatilues nor war With all its horrors. 11; it; sfec strott;
of a fake and imprudent policy, and of• absuriet,i`l,‘l4
dictate.dby sordid anti rapacion's'internst, ), 01•1'*rite.'
agaittollute our territory by their appettraiti:ctioli
let our towns stiddeniy voilish, and the n'iwie • '
•
arms !
Silt/111d certain ColoniSts, our int placable `'• prO
eP r
•
persist iti their'cltimerical projects, and srle.L'` cail7..lie l•
upon the actual Govermitent of France, to
ail yr
agaiut as; let them place tin:luslves at the v,(31f0n,-,
; they shall be the iirst `Sictims a • e J t,, I
We Alan give thew ran gairter—we shall tae,i4;.,
we desire to be treated in the sane way ourstfi'it'llelcoe"
war must become a war of extermination. W"-`',.tj'ile4;*4
fest to the whole world. the sacrifices' we are ei`i;l,l)--).00
in defence of our wives, our children, out
iittiy4l,44
dependence.t e e5l
'I--Atthilate your hearts '4,;;itli all
and energy which are the guarantees t.f (j."P'l•l't?';
the horrible, barbarous, and periiiiions trA.3liLjjc:i
sultered ! Shall our conntry oncn more 1.4i0,,t's
Shall we otu•sefees be degraded b • the !rise Dtod,,,VJ
man flesh lilt° herds-of cattle, to•b)e sold- Orgt-J'.f cae;
interest- or caprice of our oppressors May &tit°.
not secure to our country the full and pe"riAl'ile'lP:tl a 4 4
of the precious blessings of liberty, of indet''t,
ley our country. be Converted int;) a Vast ,fiC'-
nlense buraal-ground, where heaps of dead bit„ittlis' roe, I
of ourselves and our enemies, may attest t('''"' u
glory and their•punishment ! ,
During the eleven years C!C enjoyed iltue..l
have_carefuily cultivated the hest .iiit•ao, l'at'•(;:g1
%ye have been c,onstalitiv occupiedcotistrueli,:„eS,(o•ll'4,
ble forti•esses on the sunonits ()tour iliac;,v,sie;jlc.pt[cl,
providing- them with formidable artillerv•
5.1.1011 C (eternal MOM] 111.:11t of file glOry; the ~f4~d
•loveof his Al i,jesty for his
.peopiv 1.) is sul)ls,,itlele,li".l
siiMs and warlike stores of all hinds for %l elts",, el 1„
„of
rind. This celebrated fortress, riveted on tile,,WlL„oo'.';(ii3O,
rieres, unequalled in the Ness' ‘Vorld it,' °1),,,t
tM
works, is without ti rival in Ent. i• (2, With r0'.1".,,
cessible situation and its vast tretocul,tli:„:lll-'
obluieki•titurillorft.titti;ll,eci;teist:iilledricineciish of vast.
• ii,j,.oJellt
1101*::ti.c,i
Our troops of the line are completely orga"-‘„for W ~
lined, our brave militia, both of the towns
from the age of twelve to sixty, are in arms., 311 ,;o,p'')
operate frith the arinv in •t lie desthlction tlicsie ;o:sl:•tcit,
my on the first signal' ofattaek. We are Perfec'"-;".'1'.;4f,:"
with the most essentialpoino of our defetufer;
the nature of. the war which may lie carile" `;'', 31:e
IVltilst our regular troops will Ise ettipayed itCji
of "r"fOrtres,es, and the • passes and dl-'61`1,5,,,t• ttui 114,1,‘
onr shisil Signalise their P"tr'7,l:,
ewirage multi` •• all the stratattcni'
aill').11,1'; enexpected and rapid attac'-i,
the;a,eltes il:ii,Cadli,..(:l,ll,l;it:l a s
wl, tr
any datign: to theincelves, ,
4. a nil (..t.til I no./
vatiers. • I
iiJaytiatis!—War is notling to t.s conducted "1:( le
diet
the great man wade.; Divine Prot ittoace 173,s
over oar Ler. our regard, '' cooly 1,1),,•et
towards him ; let him be at *ail On-, our 19$*'llei*1
rallying point; then we shall b'
bow ..,•1 r 0 •• -
I 12S IS it 1,0 (ILO for nut's Kin' and i•-•..',;„ 00' 4,
td posterity an ntiblemidieti reputation, a;10-"'`
.dtt,r)l
of an honourable death. • t Lfr°l' 41!
It is ill Vilin that our t shall iitertton
of disuniting us. , Their) ta.opc•irincec...slia!i 1)-" fetiti;
our union. Who is there that can now
our true interests? Who can be deluded t()*
1111S1i5 01 an enemy Whom we know by exP(''ic''de•°l°' t
tir efSereal uid ''ii'nt
, Xni,
LtdeprnfittAcu! 14'
11)(111C`
CORONER'S I N4VES TS.-;--IVlOntlitY 3" the 'VI'
on flit.; body of 'lliouras lianitnoud,
and Bottle, Uxbridge, into!'(
The deceased was engaged in- navitlj";(; , pill
:'fil'ii(to
that proceeded to and from teieester
on the 1,41nd Junetii (.atiaj, ` On ti'e
preceding, on arriving -near tixbridc.' tia11601,'(:)
ed t tltc boat •to net the j fdte" • 1)",elt
b le husks
1,1, ce
ti.loort
birol.t.
et
(l)i boatt hen e. coe
fticietrl; j
through %Odell they were to pais;
neneet , an,
:1(11: gtilek,,rl it'nte't lull,ltu
that he had fallen from the lock 1)/Mdf°1L.
the Jttry returned a verdict of Aeciuel-fl ,Ij!e'
aT
eNhliele-1
.1)Y -t"
tuan (Ilscuteretl in the
Benjamin Benjamin, sealing-was I°' .1110.rlic
6(.1, (fit
that deceased was his brother, and a (1115 e,
ctlibt:e"%tvlithttl'eses("slanltyrYtti.seeeititisle)44l ‘hx.':ll.sdawbil(l).teit'. :
i".icel;°:::11)1'C ;'11:1
when he talked about going' to
friends not seeing him for tweeliS;
proceeded _on his tour. Sometimes dec aloe
in alms, state of mind, and at °tljeti:spiri''
would give hiniself tip to drinking
liquors. Verdict---Found drowned.

a•i'er)

. wps at. Market.
COAL mARKET, c• .• r•
ct • 0. to op
19 Newcast•le • ...... 5". oil. to
fiips sold.
34 Stpiderland ..... . gOs •

. On Tuesday last, at I-Jigtrbar)• Pail' :N'rs.
111,1"
€l4.lll:r:ssttoiti.er.:llla:,.sicidiaNyliiiitagt---t -.t .Russell-sfituz. re
' the
►
° (;:"14f
1V iltiain IVilliiito 11,'iligii:.i'd,r(-Ecs: a. a still. , ivlrd°oll;l,,X
clot h-dresser, I,l7MB'e;:e.lliiitglllliti;,lci.eiCefiVSitl.' W(');j;:::d'il.t.iii,rl7%:.jeti' tii
girls; two of whom were still born, the .. ii
tiler, arelikely to do well.

„i
.......------------------ ~o, ,p,
--...--
On the 28th ult. at Stirling,N'o))tlante.l' t116°31-11:144.41:11d
o, ,
geon, Royal Scots, to Elizabeth, Yinit'''el' ' es,it''
• og it' 4'
late Janes Gilib, Esq. coti 1
ifot
•On the Ist inst. at Acton, Major Fx.ertoti:rl9 tQf V)
the tato Philip Eg-erton, Esq, of °al-ton FIFA. 0 0:11.'
younge',,t (I.lngliter. of Hen:y•Tomlonsol)7 ~eII'4OIP
fg°l a
Hall, Cheshire. Itl° ': id
. Erin' Wooden, Esq.• of Claw-nob-H.IA be 5.,
age! B_2, to Mks JOlleB, of CefigolY, i” t

of 11'
....---•--
'Vet ilf
, datt pi)
y morning,Emma: the i • tit e 01'
oCfh(O1:::11.eit.:31,;1:-.1:11:1:snl'ite;:(Idt)fr:(1,Oliitcivosb.:rr: 'N'lftrer('!.tisal.i!o::itll.'ell:''::tairl3:°s.ce.-41'11:11':1:3;1:0ti.'
,;c:ou))p:rilgti-xtcli.syee:
21i 3.175:t;:i1f:: i''•iii
iitel:::::111:,;;:tic.-Isilsrei
i.Nra‘
0-iiptxt:ll,:e::'De,
sla'',C,
tqlf g°i:ti:Cie:atseltli eb '1
:::e
e.
tr:‘:' 0:
.14
burglii,(;u:.)1u(,)::::,1
trihtii.l2l,_ti tit, Macdonald.
OnC): Friday last, ''afti. his house, '1..".-e'llr'tuisb-t().°' -1.3:1:1‘1f°14:
3S' CP
1 t Great Fent"l,:e. oei
"I'EllitirEptst:•lll.l4l,f-::,d bal. Jamaica, Mr' "7.' (71°V‘Ti °Cjg-lit'v
I)aniel Whalley F- . in " .'
at
f !1.10 "'' .P 1 101
iiN.ocrt.iiio.,Svteasr24p)tosttiselcsiopi,),n.o42o,,,g,,w;iriisb,riii,sl,),duit.ll)
po-alls'
A.,.....

rtr
41
No . sr'
rie
o
LONIXEST c lirinted ;iv .1. B. r: RST4`,/,j!ii;r4' °l4te'el'j.
buildinzs ; -and publislted by Si'.
at the St.,:-01.-FicF,, No. 111. Strati(' avit
Euents, Orders, Letters (prlft-pai4)r `5"4

b
