[PRICE SIXUNCE-RAT.PPENZ+I7.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE' OF LORDS, TB URiDAY, APPT L 2L

. „
Witnesses were examined an tbe.sabject of Greeu'sTarce
Bill. -
The Bonif-Restrietion Bill Nvas comtnitted and repotted.
The Customs Duties Bill .-xas read a third tine, and p.assel.
The Coelr;neal Bill was brought -up froin theConinions,
umd read a first time.
Paper!, were presented from the-Irish Chief tecre-tary's 01-
.ice,. and from the Irish Chancery-. ;Laid on the tahle.7-7.Ad-
journed.

HOUSE OF COMM!..)NS.
The ealwa.y Election Committee was ballottee. for in the
usual manner, and the following Gentlemen natured Mvin-
bers :—J. Atkins, Esq.; Honourable H. W. Lascelles; G. P.
Bastard, Esq.; J. Bamsbottoin, Esq.; G. Pocock, Esq.; T. IL
Broadhead, Esq.; pt. W. Wse, Esq.; Mr. Serjeant Oustow;
Lord G. Fitzroy; Sir J. Shaw; Barham, ESZI. ; J.
Baker, Esq.; Sir I'. B. Thomson ; Joseph Pitt, Esq.; ,in •
ton), I3rown, Esq.
'Mr. Alderman (MIME firelight in a Bill for enlarging cep- •
taro parts of Cl-,eapsitiz, aril St. Martio's-le-Graml,
was read a let time. •
Mr. TIERNEY, from the office of the -Duchy of Lancaster,
presented an Account of the Assessment ;if the Doty on Pro-
perty, which was ordered to lie on the table.
; CATHOLIC PETITIiiN',..!.
General -MATTHEW presented two petitions in .
favour of Catholic emancipation; one !rout the.
Catholics of the county of Tipperary, and the
other from the Catholics of Clonmell. On for-
mer occasions when he had presented similar pua
titions, which be had now done for the'last eight
years, he had been in the habit of stating, that
should' his Hon. Friend, the Member for Dublin
be prevented from: presenthig the general Cabo-
lie petition, he should, notwithst'andihg,- brng•
the petitiOnS entrusted to hitil under the .cog-
nizaace of the House: But in consequence of
the total change that had taken place over the
face of Europe, his opinions had undergone a ma-
terial change, and he was averse to any-discussion.
of the Catholic question taking place during -the
present session—(Hear, hear). His sentiments as
to the justice and expediency of that emancipation
-remainedunaltered ; but from the event 3 that tiad
recently. taken place, particularly from the Pope
having been released and restored to his rights and
dominions, placed in his papal chair, and surround-
ed by. all .his Cardinals--.-(a laugh)—with whom
be might consult, as to the mode of conduct most
proper to be adopted, he (the Hon. Member) wag
adverse to airy present discussion. The -present
was a
.oorions era, and admirably adapted to con-
solidate the empire. For this purpose at commu-
nication should be opened with the Pope—(a
laugh)'-who was eager to shrew his admiration of
the conduct of this country, and hit gratitude for
the „share we had taken in restoring him to his
former state. He was willing to go the utmost
length :compatible with his religion, in order
to
_testify that , gratitude. He (General M.)
implored the Haase trot to lose this goldao
portauity, and not to agitate the Gatholic Ques-
tion at present, and the breach betwixt Govern-
ment and the Irish Catholics would soon be healed.
For thiS purpose Lord-Wellington 'would be art
excellent mediator, if he were appointed Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland, the second place in rank
and power in the Empire,: he trouldeonciliate
the peace of Isis native country, ana make her
invulnerable to every attack : anti this" be was sure
that illustrious iN.ohleinan;w:ohld prefer to. all thd
rewaras that could possibly be bestowed. The
Irish were,. elite present day, the only people
who were degtatled and enslaved, being oaefused
the common rights cif citizenship, and this, too,
under a Coustitcion professing to impart to all its
subjects equsa.l rights.. Thi9 prioc,iple of equal rights
was clearly recognised in tho•NewConstitution of
France, as drawn uri bv that coostonmate States-
man the Prince of Benevento, and' accepted try
Monsieur -in the name of Louis XVIII. that all
Frenchmen were equally admis-ible to all civil
and military employments i—and with us, would
emancipation he refused to five millions of
our lepow-subjects He trotted it would not :
and from the conduct of the Noble Died at the
heart of the Foreign .Department, he was disposed
to believe that. the Catholics had every thing to
hope, and nothing to fear. With respect to Mi-
niSters; he had changed his opinion altoge-
ther—(Hear, hear !). On every question, excep:-
iUg those of thanks to Lord Wellington; he had
voted against them ; and bad left no stone un-
turned to effectuate their ovOrthrow, from a firm
belief of their incapacity. Those efforts the House
knew he bad made.in vain, and he was now ready
to_conlesa his_egor—(Hear, bear 1). Under their
gnidence and management, Europe hail been
saved from slavery and bondage, and the coun-
try raised to an unparalleled height ot ;glory—
(Hear, hear, hear l),—and a state of genet"( war-
fare been changed into one of general peace.—
They had saved the civilized world, arid put a
period for tver to the Mad ktitibition of Bonita-
parte. In the name of his insulted country, he
called' upon them to make peace at. ironic. 71hey
had placed the abutment, let them complete the
arch, else all those glories would fade. It was a ,
maxima in civilized.society, that nothing was done
while any thing avas 'left undone ; anti in the pre-
seat state of Europie; 'tor.. Ministers to leave any .
part at their work . unfinished, Oortld only be the
of sullen ob'stinacy, that would render them
highly criminal in the eyes of their country. Let
them but conciliate the two commies, -and he
should vote that'theY should be Ministers for ever
=--(a long, laugh) ; but till then he should watch a
their conduct, not indeed with a jaundiced, but
with a jealous eye. 'llia statements he had Made
respecting tire Pope were derived to him trout
good authority' though he did not make it in
the name of the Catholics. The deposition of Boo-
naparte had not.taken place/previously to !caving,
Dublin, else he'should have conversed upon the
subject with the Catholic Board, who possessed
the full confidence of the Catholic body. Should
that Board wish the Catholic claims to be.btour-,a-
