IMP

Dl PERIALPARLIAI%IENT

THIS DAY, MONDAY, MAY 20.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The gallery was opened at a quarter past twelve, when
we found about sixty Members in the House.

Mr. Alderman COPELAND took the oaths and Ills se .t
for Coleraine.

Mr. PETER moved the third reading of the Helston
Road Bill. Read and passed, as was the York Market Bill.
Sir JOHN ASTLEY moved the third reading of the
Swinbourne Road Bill.—Read and passed.
Other private Bills were advanced a stage.

Mr. RUSSELL brought up the Rep art of the Yardley-
road Bill.—Amendments ,aad, and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. KEMP brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Lewes Water Works.

Mr. SANDFORD moved the third reading of the West-
Moor Enclosure Bill.—Read and passed.
Lord G. SOMERSET brought up the Report of the
Committee on the Lougher Enclosure Bill.
Mr. PHILLPOTTS brought up the Report of the
Coinin'tt-e on the Gloucester and Chiltenham Road Bill.
Mr. CLAY moved the third reading of the Islington
Road Bill.—Read and passed.
Mr. PENDARVES brought up the Report of the
Committee on the Bothnia It-,ad Bill.—Amendments or-
dered to be engrossed.

Mr. GILLON brought up the Report on the Lanark
Gaol Bill. The Min. 'Member obtained leave to defer
the Report of the Kirkintilloch Rail-road Bill to Monday
next.

Mr. PLUMPTRE presented a petition from John Jo-
seph &,inner, of Tavistock, complaining of the practice
of duelling. Also a peti!io❑ in favour of the better ob-
servance of the Sabbath.

Mr.COBBETT presented petitions from Bury, in Lan-
cashire, and from Great Yarmouth, praying for a repeal
of the malt, sugar, and other duties. And also the fol-
lowing petitions: from Wigan, against the Sabbath
Bill; from Gravesend, in favour of a hearing in the
case of the soldier, already before the public ; from
Samuel Hubbard of Gravesend, against the Corporation ;
from a person in Manchester, against the stamp laws;
from a person in Manchester, praying for the impeach-
ment of Ministers for introducing the Irish Coercive Bill ;
from Mr. David Scott, praying that the House will carry
into effe t his plan fir paying off the National Debt ; from
a person in Gateshead, for the abolition of slavery ; from a
person in Stoke-upon-Trent, complaining of a suicharge;
tram Derby, praying for a repeal of the tax upon news-
papers ; from the Political Union of Great Yarmouth,
against the Slitennial Act, and fur vote by ballot ; from
Kent, against the Sabbath Bill ; from Newehurch, for a
repeal of the malt and hop taxes ; from a place in Staf-
fordshire, against any alteration of the beer laws ; and
from several other persons and places, the particulars of
which it was impossible to glean. The Hon. Member ac-
companied his reading of the list with a running commen-
tary on the purport of the petitions, and his own opinions
thereon.

Sir HENRY VERNEY made some observations on the
operation of the B-er Bill, and on the cause and effects
of agricultural distress.
Mr. COBBETT expressed his opinion on the topics
alluded to by the Hon. Baronet, and said that he was
convinced that the repeal of the duties on malt and hops
would do away with the necessity of beer shops.
Lord MILTON presented a petition in favour of the
L•ord's Day Bill, from Northampton ; and petitions against
slavery, from two places in Northamirorshire.
Sir J. SKIPWITH presented a petition from Lapworth
in favour of the better observance of the Sabbath, as did
Lord Cavendish, Mr. Hodgson, and Mr. Gillon, from
places in Derbyshire, Newcastle, and Ayton.
Mr. BROTHERTON presented petitions against slavery
from Barton and Westmins.er, as did Lord Cavendish, Sir
T. Lopez, Sir T. Winnington, Mr. Glllon, and Mr. J.
Fielden, from Alfreton, in Sussex, Westbury, Bewdley,
Stourport, Rochdale, and congregations in Manchester.
Mr. BROTHERTON presented a petition from car-
loin delegates of trades at Manchester, in favour of the
Ten Hours Bill. Also a similar petition from the stone-
masons of Manchester.

Lord MOLINEUX presented a petition from Catholics
of Netherton Crosby, i❑ Lancashire, complaining of the
disabilities affecting Dissenters in their marriage. Also a
number of petitions from other pl ices in Lancashire. The
Noble Lord gave notice of a motion for a Bill on the sub-
ject this day three weeks.
Captain GORDON presented a petition from the
farmers of Aberdeenshire, compla ning of agricultural dis-
tress.—Referred to the Committee. Also a petition
against the precipitate abolition of slavery, from Aber-
deenshire. Also a petition from the Chancellor, &e., of
King's College, Aberdeen, complaining of their graduates
not having the privileges they ought to have under the
Apothecaries Act.
Mr. GILLON presented a petition from the ship-
owners of Grangemouth, in Stirliugshire, complaining of
distress.

Lord A. LENNOX presented a petition from the at-
torneys of Chichester, against the General Register Bill.
Mr. J. FIELDEN presented a petition from Hudders-
field, signed by 4,000 persons, ag,ains: granting any money
to the corps of yeomanry proposed to be estahliaed in that
town ; also a petition against taxes on corn, malt, hops,
&c., from Rochdale; also from the same place, for the ballot
and universal suffrage ; also a petition from Oldham,
Charlton, and Colne, in favour of the Factory Bill.
Captain FENTON said that, having sufireti from the
disorthrs of Huddersfi, Id, he defended the establishment of
a volunteer corps there.
Mr. COBBETT did not like to hear any statements
that appeared at all to disparage the people of Hudders-
field, as he was perfectly convinced they did not merit it.
The riots to which the Gallant Member had referred had
taken place at an election, when the windows of the gallant
Member were broken. The people of Huddorsfield had
found out that the Reform Bill had done no good for
them, that they could not elect their own representa-
tives ; and it therefore was net at all to be wondered
at that such ecenes should occur at elections in that place.
He (Mr. C.) could never consent to the formation of a
yeomanry corps, and the establishment of a barracks in
that town.

Captai❑ FENTON explained amidst loud cries of
" Spoke."
Mr. FIELDEN observed, that the examination
which would take place on the Committee would show
whether his statements were correct or not. He felt con-
fident there was no necessity for the establishment of a
yeomanry eorpk;._
_ .

Mr. NiIELB Y presented a petition from the corporation
of Grantham, praying that no alteration might be made in
their corporation.
Captain WEMYS presented petitions from different
parts of Fife for the abolition of sl ,very.

Mr. FENTON presented petitions from Huddersfield,
and several other places, for the better observance of the
Sabbath.

Mr. K. TYNTE presented a petition against slavery
from Sowerton in Somersetshire ; as did Mr. M.Leod,
Mr. Bethell, Mr. Baring, and Mr. W. Herbert, from
Inverness, Walton, Ashdale, Newport and East Cowes.
Mr. VIGORS presented a petition from Callow res-
pecting the state of the borough.—Referred to the Cor-
poration Committee.
Mr. JOHN O'CONNELL presented a petition from
Richard Curry of Youghall, vlazier, against the tax on
windows.

Mr. BETHELL presented a petition from the ship-
owners of Hull, complaining of distress,—Referred to the
Mercantile Committee.

Mr. A BARING presented a petition from the Mi-
nisters of the Archdeanary of Colchester against the Irish
Church Reform Bill; also a petition from the innkeepers
of Saffron Walden, to have public-houses considered as
shops ; also petitions from Winnington and Htverell,
against the beer-shops.
Mr. WILLIAM STUART presented petitions from
Tempsfond and other places in favour of the better ob-
servance of the Sabbath.

Mr. H. JOHNSTON presented a petition from Moffat,
against the small stamp duties.
Sir JOHN WROTTESLEY presented a petition
against the beer shops trom West Bromwich. AlBO, a
petition from an elector of Stafford, complaining of the
Mayor not having kept open the poll so long as he ought
to have done.
The SPEAKER said that the petition could not go
before the Stafford election committee, the fourteen days
being expired.
Several other petitions were then presented, after which
the Speaker left the Chair at twenty minutes to three,
there having been only two Members in the House for the
last half hour.

Saturday an inquest was held at the Bedford
Arms, Cadogan-place, Sloane-street, o❑ the body of
EnwAitn BELL, aged 47, coachman for 20 years to the
Duke of GORDON, 24, Belgrave-square. The Duchess
of GORDON paid a visit on Friday afternoon to the Rev.
Mr. BLUNT, officiating minister of Trinity Chapel, Sloane-
street, at 40, Cadogan-place. The coachman was on the
box with his fellow-servant, when he suddenly dropped his
head and appeared insensible. A surgeon was sent for,
but life was extinct. He was a very sober man. Verdict
—Died by the visitation of God.

OLD BAILEY.-(THIS DAY.)
OLD COURT.
EXTENSIVE FORGERY BY A SECOND COSTER.

Stephen Parkinson, alias Remington, aged 47, a grocer, stood
indicted for uttering, in the city of London, a forged check for
1021., well_knowing the same to be forged, and with intent to
defraud Edward Whitmore and others. A second count
charged him with uttering, in the city of London, a forged
check for 34/. ISs., well-knowing the same to be forged, and
with intent to defraud Sir Richard Carr Glynne, Bart., and
others. A third count charged him with uttering, in the city
of London, a forged check for IS/. I7s. Gad., well-knowing the
same to be forged, and with intent to defraud Edward Whit_
snore and others.

The prisoner, on being called upon, pleaded Guilty to the
three indictments.

The RECORDER asked him if he had well weighed in his
own mind that by pleading to the charge, the Court could have
no power, as, according to the new Act, the punishment is
transportation for life ?

The prisoner, after hesitating for a moment, recalled his
plea, but ultimately said that he was Guilty, and persisted in
his first declaration. He was then called up for judgment.

The RECORDER addressed him.—Stephen Parkinson, you
have pleaded guilty to the charge brought against you. The
sentence of the Court is that you be transported for the term of
your natural life beyond the seas.
After the prisoner had retired,

Mr. BODKIN, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that
the prosecutors in this case was the Associated Society of
Bankers of the City of Landon. Since the alteration
of the law regarding forgery, he was sorry to say that this
crime had been carried to a most frightful extent, so
much so, that the bankers were obliged to take the
greatest precautions to prevent themselves being deceived
by a noted society of forgers. The manner these parties adopt
is by writing to the bankers and other respectable firms, re-
questing some most private answers respecting their business.
By this means they obtain the signature of the banker or mer-
chant, which they forge to checks, and pass them.• The pri-
soner had been connected for some time in this way of busi-
ness ,like the noted Coster; now sentenced to transportation for
life, and had obtained a number of signatures. He considered
it right to mention this circumstance to the Court, as the pri_
soner had pleaded guilty.
RECORDER—YOU have done very right, Mr. Bodkin, and the
bankers and merchants cannot be too careful who they give their
names to.
