SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTER .SAL L' S— YES SEB Dd r.
The attendance at the Corner was thin, and the business done
comparatively trifling. WA was offered very freely against Cobweb,
but rather less than 7to 1 would be taken. The following were
the latest prices, and at these few were booked :

THE lIIDDLESWORTH.
10 to 6 on Cobweb colt--taken
THE DERBY.
7 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Cobweb eolt—taken
11 to 1 agst Mr. Armitage's Nonplus colt
11 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinck's Grey Momus
15 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Early Bird
15 to 1 agst 11r. Bland's Young Rowton
15 to 1 agst Ld Exeter's Alemdar—taken
16 to 1 asst Colonel Peel's lon
20 to 1 agst Ld G. Bentinek's D'Egville—taken
22 to 1 agst Mr. H. Coombes's Cobham—taken
25 to 1 agst Captain Berkeley's Bullion
30 to 1 agst Sir J. Mills's Volunteer
30 to 1 agst Lord Suffield's Bamboo—taken
30 to 1 agst Mr. Worral's Dormouse—taken
35 to 1 agst Lord Westminster's Richard Roe—taken
40 to 1 agst Mr. Watt's Dash—offered
40 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's 13retby—offiired.
50 to 1 agst Mr. Ford's Quo Minns
50 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Tranby's dam colt
50 to 1 agst Mr. A. Smith's Cracker

550 to 500 on Cobweb, Nonplus, Grey Momus, Tom, Young
Rolston, Alemdar, and Cobham aget the field, with the condition
that Early 13ird was left in the ield.
TIIE OAKS.
9 to I agst Lord Jersey's Glenara—taken
10 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Unique—take-a

We regret to announce the death of Lord Berners. This vener-
able Nobleman, so long known as " the snorting Colonel Wilson,
of Newmarket," was in his 77th year, and was a universal favourite
on the turf, where he continued to enter horses and attend the races
to the last, and with unabated interest. His Lordship's falconry
establishment was •slso well known, as he gave annually several
flights of hawks at the Newmarket meetings.

CHELTENHAM STEEPLE CHASES.-111ARcil 28.
A Sweepstakes of 20 cove. each, 5 ft., with 25 added by Lord
Segrave, and 25 added by the Town of Cheltenham, for 'horses
of all denominations, carrying 12st. each. Gentlemen riders.
The second horse to save his stake. 19 Subs.
Mr. Neweorobe's b. g. Cannon Ball NIA. Powell I
Mr. Vevcr's b. g. Charity
2
Mr. A. M'Donogh's ch. h. Sir William
The following also started, but were not placed :—Mr. J. Day's
CAes, Mr. C. Marshall's b. g. Railroad, Nit.. Williamson's b. h.
Scamp, and Mr. C. Walker's br. g. Sportsman.
Cannon-ball, Railroad, Sir William, and Charity laid together
in frout till the last field but two, where Cetus caught them, but,
falling at the wail out of it, left the others together as before ;
Railroad fell at the last wall, leaving Cannon-ball and Charity to
finish ; the former won by three-quarters of a length. '1 he line
chosen was over a light country, with several stone walls, and was
upwards of four miles.
A Sweepstakes of 5 sous. each, with 10 added, for horses of all de-
nominations, carrying I Ist. 71b. each. Two
Mr. I3allinger na. ro. g. Perrystone Oliver 1
Mr. iloleman's b. g. Creeper 2
Mr. E. Jones's b. c. Decider
3
The following also started, but were not placed :—Mr. Bisdee's
Inez, Mr. Griillths's b. in. Off-she-gees, Mr. Powell's eh. g. The
General, Colonel Charritie's br. g. Friar Bacon, Mr. M‘Donogh's
br. h. Waverley, Mr. Newman's ch. g. Snipe, by Burgundy, and
Mr. J. R. Newcombe's Tallisman. g. Snipe,
had a strong lead
for nearly half the distatte, when Creeper took it from him, and
was in frunt to the last fence, which he took so clumsily that Per-
rystone was enabled to resume his lead anti win in a canter.

BALL IN AID OF THE POLISH REFUGEES.—
Last night a grand ball, for the benefit of the distressed Poles
now in London, took place in the Hanover-squa':e Rooms.
The fete was under the fostering auspices of the Literary
Association of the friends of unhappy and struggling Poland,
and the following distinguished ladies honoured it with their
patronage :—The Duchess of Somerset, the Duchess of Ha-
milton, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Countess of Rose-
berry, Lady Frances Sandon, Lady Mary Fox, Lady Frances
Egerton, Lady Ann Wilbraham, Lady Georgiana Wortley,
Lady James Stuart, Lady Wilarncliffe, Lady Burdett, Miss
Coutts, &c., &c. The doors were thrown open at eight
o'clock, and from that hour till nearly midnight the Company
continued to arrive. Dancing commenced at a little after ten
o'clock, and was kept up with undiminished ardour till an
early hour, inspired by the sprightly and appropriate music of
Adams's quadrille band. The company was numerous, and
we need not add respectable. Some of the branches of the
first families of the aristocracy were present ; amongst the
moat prominent were Lord Dudley Stuart, that steady and
ardent supporter of Polish liberty, Col. Leicester Stanhope,
Lincoln Stanhope, &e. Numbera of the gentlemen appeared
in military and naval uniforms, and the ladies, resplendent
with jewels, gave to the ensemble, an exceedingly splendid
appearance. Refreslunclles were liberally supplied, indeed
there appeared to be nn'Aiing wanted to give eclat to the ball.
We heard in the room that the managers had every reason to.
be satisfied with the result ; aild we trust that the poor reze.
fugees, in whose behalf the fete was given, will speedily pees
ticipate in the benefit.
MEN OF CHARACTER.-Under this titit Mr.
Jerrold has presented us with a series of lively and amusing
stories, told in an admirable manner. Tho humour displayed
in the " Men of Character" is of the richest vein, though it
sometimes approaches to broad carical,dre ; but nevertheless
it must excite the risible faculties, w e should imag ,
, ine of the
veriest stoic. There are often, to rj sonic fine touches of na-
ture which astonish and delight t:de reader. We have seldom,
perused any thing so deeply pa';netic as the episode of the or-
phan Eleanor, in " Isaac C'...eck, the Man of Wax." W'aat
enhances the value of th'.l work in our estimation is the excel-
lent reflections .with Ankh it abounds, being introduced as if
they were the spontaneous musings of the different characters,
—Caledonian illercury.

1838.—The following is the House List of rio.
vernors and Directors of the Bank of England for the. year
ensuing :

1.

♦
• - - •'•
I
• •
•

IllOa!

Richard Bentley, N(
* .* Orders receive

a Burlington-street.
by all Booksellers.

W. T. BLAIR, Bag., in the Chair,

1
"1
15;
..} ~... .......f,,-,„--- , . tv,
~{:;,1% i2r---,-,,!ft --.),4. -,..,
,!..,re r
~.:51,7- ..,.....,:zcli„)
.4,,,1,e9-_,

)e r'')llt"
4 ,4

INCORPORATED.

IL
I NUMBER, price Half-a-Crown, embellished with
- . ourous Illustrations by GEORGE CRUIKSHANK, of
' y NTLEY'S MISCELLANY.
' sr EDITED BY CHARLES DICKENS, ESQ. (" BOZ.")
Contains, among other Interesting Articles,
New Chapters of
OLIVER TWIST, by the EDITOR,
Illustrated by George Cruikshank.
A Modern Eclogue between Jere- The Reconciliation ; or, the
my Doubletouch, and Pat Ma- Dream. By " Old Nicholas."
quire, by Tristram Merry The Welcome Back.
Thought. The Battle of the Nile—The
A Love Story, in Three Chap- Dying Prisoner—Nights at
ters, by" The Elderly Gentle- Sea.—No. Vlll.—With an
man." Illustration by George Cruik-
.
Mythology Made Easy : My, shank. By " the Old Sailor."
Neice's Album. iße quiet—do ! I'll call my Mother.
Music is Sweet, by Mrs. C. B. The Ups and Downs of Life.
Wilson. By Toby Allspy.
The Snuff Box, by W. Jerdan. The Village Bride's Farewell.
The Mariner's bream ; The By J. A. Wade.
Storm Demon. Critiques on Critics. By J. A.
The Conveyance Company ; Au Wade.
Odd Incident, by Richard On Dr. Cotton's Resignation of
Johns. the Office of Ordinary of
The Narrative of John Ward Newgate.
Gibson, by C. Whitehead. The Mansarde : Adventures in
The Dying Child. Paris.—No. HI. By Toby
The Cuisine Maigre, by Captain Allspy.
Medwin.

AT a MEETING of the DELEGATES, held
at BROWN'S HOTEL, Palace Yard, March 30, 1838,

It was unanimously resolved—
i the motion of THOMAS BIG SOLD, Esq., of Norwich ; seconded
....

by the Rev. THOMAS MORGAN, of Birmingham,
That while this Meeting deny the existence of any contract be-
tween this Country and the West India Proprietors to continue the
apprenticeship, they are at the same time of opinion, that had
any contract existed, it has been flagrantly violated by the
planters themselves, both in law and practice : and they are further
of opinion that all contracts which compromise the natural rights
of the human race, and contravene the Divine Law, are before God
null and void, and ought to be abolished.
On the motion of GEORGE THOMPSON, Esq., seconded by R. M.
BEVERLEY, Esq., of Scarborough,

2. That as her Majesty's Ministers have, in the progress of the
di bate on the Negro Apprenticeship, urged the strong necessity of
putti::g an end to the excitement without doors, under the idea
that the passing of Lord Glenelg's Bill will settle the question,
And preclude the possibility of all further agitation, the
Di,tegates assembled from all parts of the kingdom do feel
it their duty thus solemnly to declare that the passing
of Lord Glenelg's Bill will rather increase than diminish the
national excitement in behalf of the oppressed negroes, an
excitement which as it is foundedon the highest religious principle,
can never be terminated but by that issue, which religion, jus-
tic.', and mercy, imperatively demand.
0:1 the motion of G. W. ALEXA NDMIt, Esq., of London, se,

conded by the Rev. Dr. MANt:EL, of Edinburgh,
3. That it is the opinion of the assembled Delegates,that the course
pu,sued by her Majesty's Ministers on the great question of Negro
Apprenticeship merits unqualified condemnation as being ineon-
sittent with just legislation, sound policy, the Negro's right, and
admission of those existing evils in the Colonies, upon which Lord
Gicselg's Bill is itself founded; and the Delegates, therefore,
ci,ll uvin their constituents throughout the country to give, by all
constitutiooal means the strongest public expression to their
and feelings regarding the conduct of the Administration on
Allis occasion.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 30, 1839.

The question of the abolition of Negro Apprenticeship
on the Ist of August next formed the leading subject of
d selogien in the House of Lords last night. To our no
surf, rise and satisf.iction, the Bishop of EXETER
opened the Liebate with the presentation of petitions from
certain congregations of Wesleyan Methodists, praying for
the immediate abolition of the apprenticeship system—a
p• ayer, in the justice and righteousness of which the Right
Prelate, after the most earnest deliberation, fully
and entirely concurred. For once in his Parlia-
in utary career the Bishop of EXETER placed a great
public question on an enlarged, liberal, and statemanslike
basis. Ho rightly asserted that the principle of the Eman-
, 'oation Act of 1833, in recognizing the apprenticeship of
tie Negroes for a number of years, had regard only to the
fitness of the slave to enter upon the enjoyment of
iierty, and not to the pecuniary interests of the Planter,
f,,r whom an ample compensation had been provided by
the clause :vhich devoted Twenty Millions to the redemp-
tion of the cooured race. The apprentices had an un-
questionable riglit to their liberty the moment it could
b shewn they were in a condiifon to enjoy it with ad-
v,:ntage to society and themselves ; the requisite proofs
of their moral fitness had been given ; and therefore he
iv is ready to grant them immediate and unlimited free-
, lom. The Duke of WELLINGTON in presenting two peti-
t, ns from West India Planters against any departure from
the alleged contract contained in the Act of 1833, dwelt
up on .`be injustice of depriving the planters of two years'
labour Ct. the apprentices—a view of the question which
was subsequently dwelt upon at great length by Lords
ST. VINCE:4T and SEAFORD. In alluding to the atro-
cious crueltiext perpetrated by the planters since the passing
of the Emancipation Act, Lord ST. VlNCENT—himself a
planter and an interested party—grounded his defence of
th it body upon the alleged co-existence of abuses in
England under the operation of the New Poor-law Bill !
The Noble Viscount did not say in so many words that it
was quite usual in EngliSh workhouses to tie women far
advanced in pregnancy by the wrists upon a treadmill—
to bind up their clothes about their bodies in such a
way as to expose their persons to the ruffian gaze
of their brutal tormentors—to chain them constantly
in couples—to confine them nightly in dungeons
polluted with human excrement, without air and water—
borne down with the weight of large iron rings, so tightly
fastened round their necks, as nearly to strangle them ; and
yet these are abuses of every day occurrence in Jamaica.
The Noble Viscount WaS content to imply the existence,
in ;English workhouses, of enormities such as we have
here enumerated— such as we have documents be-
fore us to prove were so commonn in the West In-
dies, as to excite little attention, before the mur-
der of HENRY JAMES, a negro of sixty years of age, who
was flogged to death in 1836 ! Lord SEAFORD, another
Planter, admitted that there had been a violation of the
compact on the part of the Colonial Legislature, but
his Lordship contended, that it would be unjust
to punish the Planters for the acts of the Legis-
lative Assembly. Now, we would ask the Noble
Lord, who are the Members of the Legislative As-
sembly of Jamaica ? Are they not Planters, and the
Representatives of Planters ? Do they not make the
law one day, and administer it the next Are they not
as familiar with the cat as with the sight of the mace on
their table ? But were it otherwise, how has it come to
;pass that the Planters have never petitioned the Imperial
-Parliament to redress the injury inflicted upon their appren-
tices by:the Colonial Legislature ? Why did they continue
the instruments of oppression which they must have known
to be violation's of their compact with •England—and which
it was optional with them to put an end to at any period
before their legal expiration ? These are questions which
Lord SEAFORD, with all his practical experience, cannot
answer without admittiog the full measure of the guilt of
which the Jamaica Planters stand not only accused, but
convicted in the judgment of all Europe.
But by far the ablest and most conclusive speeches deli-
vered in the course of the debate upon this question, were
made by Lord BROUGHAM—for the Noble and Learned
Lord addressed the House twice in support of the
humane and enlightened policy which he has so stre-
nsuously adopted relative to the immediate emancipa-
tion` of the coloured race. In the course of his first
speech his Lordship read the following letter from Lord
DENHAN--oneof thefirst legal authorities in the kingdom—
respecting the implied breach of contract, so loudly com-
plainedof by the Colonialrecipients of the ill-bestowed Twenty
Millions. Read it, people of England, and judge for your-
selves, how shamefully you hose been gulled by these Colo.
vial blood-suckers :

“ Supposing the Act of 1333 to be a compact between the
planters and the Parliament of England acting as truetees
for the negroes, no doubt the breach of an implied ;condition
by the former would release the latter from their engagement.
_But I cannot so consider it. I deny the right of this
er, untry to stipulate for the negroes. How could it be ob-
tain,ld ? It originated in crimes which, if not properly cal:Jed
• deserve a harsher name, and existed only becwee
vac)-.
slavery .existed, the lawfulness of which I have always de-
nied, h. other !words, it was power without right; and the
act was sty experiment by two joint wrong-doers (the mere
powerful of whom sincerely repented) whether the evil would
Le.t be best yut down by continuing it in a mitigated form.
This cornpron:i&e, like a thousand other attempts to reconcile
right and wrong, is admitted on all hands to have failed. Com-
pulsory apprenticechip, which was another name for slavery,
ai.d could only be jusfuied by expediency, is proved to be in-
expedient, and nothing remains but the duty of the mother
country to afford to all hcr subjects the protective .of equal
laws. I am, therefore, fully prepared to consent to the un-
rordiate abolition of negro appreziceship.”
In his second speech Lord BAC:I:WHAM took a view .of
.the question calculated to appal their Lordships, and -to
1.1 rest the deep and earnest attention of both the
it and the country. He warned them that the taxt@s-
tic,„ was already decided—that happen what Wight
the ,Negroes would not remain in bondage en
hour ...after the first of August next. Lora
ME I, BouR,NE attempted a leply which will be read with

feelings of pain and regret by the people of England. It
was anything but such a speech as the Noble Viscount
ought to have made on such an occasion ; and knowing the
strong religious feeling that prevails out of doors upon this
question, we cannot be persuaded but that it will have an
injurious effect upon the stability of the Cabinet.

Sir GEORGE STRICKLAND last night brought forward
his motion for the termination of Negro Apprenticeship on
the Ist of August, 1838. The speech in which the Hon.
Gentleman set forth the grounds of the motion, which he
called upon the House of Commons to adopt, was distin-
guished by great force of argument, and cannot fail to be
read with interest by the friends of justice and humanity.
The motion was ably and appropriately seconded by Mr.
PEASE, a member of that sect who, greatly to their honour,
have been the most zealous labourers in the great cause of
negro freedom. The only other Member who addressed
the House •n the questinn was Sir GEORGE GREY, the
Under Secretary for the Colonies, who, it is but fair
to say, did all that could be done to support the
views which the Government have unfortunately adopted
on this all-absorbing subject. Lame, however, and
impotent is the best defence that can be made for the
apprenticeship system ; and it is therefore no discredit to
Sir G. GREY'S talents that he utterly failed to make out
even a tolerable case for the West India Planters.

The chief ground on which the:Right Hon. Baronet
opposed the motion was the contract which was entered
into with the Planters under the Abolition Act. This is
not a new argument, and Sir GEORGE GREY did not
present it in any new light. " 'What he contended for
sets that there had been a compact with the Planters by
the Act of 183. A solemn engagement had been entered
into after serious deliberation by the British Parliament,
and they had no rightnow, on comparatively light grounds, to
constitute themselves judges whether on not that
engagement should be observed." Now, allowing that
there was a contract, which some persons (among others
the Lord Chief Justice of England) deny, we ask Sir
GEORGE GREY if a contract is binding only on
one of the parties ? Our part of the contract was
to pay Twenty Millions of money ; theirs to strike
off the fetters of the negroes instantly, and to treat
them humanely, according •to prescribed regulations, for
six years of apprenticeship, during which apprentice-
ship their condition—to use the words, of the Co-
lonial Secretary, who introduced the Bill, and who ought
to have known the terms of the contract—" was to be
precisely that of workmen in England." We have paid
the money—our part of the bargain as we have good rea-
son to feel has been completed—but will Sir GEORGE
GREY say that the Planters hare fulfilled their's ? T
words which we have quoted from the Hon. Baroner's
speech show that he does say this—that he thinks
there has been no breach of contract on the part of
the Planters, and that we have no right to shorten
the term of apprenticeship stipulated by the abolition
Act. Now what is it that renders necessary the measure
which the Government have brought forward ? If the
Planters have so faithfully fulfilled their part of the con-
tract, how comes it that they require to be coerced
in their conduct towards the apprentices by a new
Act of the British Parliament, more stringent, we
will venture to say, than any affecting the rights of the
Colonial Assemblies that ever was passed by the Legisla-
ture—an Act which in reality gives a power approaching
very closely to absolute despotism to the Colonial
Governors ? Does not this very Bill prove that in the
opinion of the Government the Planters have broken their
engagements with the mother country ; and to cut the mat-
ter short, can any thing but the very grossest, breach of
fsith justify the Government in so great and undeniable
a violation of the rights of the Colonists ? We
think the Government are therefore between the horns
of this dilemma—they must either admit that the planters
have broken the contract, compact, understanding, or what-
t ver else it may be called, or they must withdraw the Bill of
pains and penalties which they have prepared against them.
There are one or two other points—though of inferior
importance—in Sir GEORGE GREY'S speech, which we in-
tended to notice, but we must, for want of space, reserve
our observations until the close of the discussion, which
our readers will perceive was adjourned.

The Times has at length turned puritanical, and will
,00ri become the leading Journal of the AGNEWS and the
P,LUMPTRES, As long as it was uncorrupted by the Saints
there were hopes that its hatred of all cant would re-
vive, and restore it at some period or other to the cause of
,iberality and reason. Its hatred of Sabbath Bills served
-.o separate it from the party, the interests of which it gene-
rally espouses, and which labours to suppress the liberty and
the happiness of the people. To-day, it has snapped the
last healthy principle which adhered to it, and it urges on
the Saints to oppose, what it calls the " Notting Hill Nui-
sance Bill," which is to supply races and other healthful
amusements to the inhabitants of London. It rails about
" open gambling," " speedy intoxication," " indifference to
the morals of the lower classes," &c. &c., with all the
unction of a new convert to Agnewistn. " Suburban
fairs were suppressed," we are told, " out of regard to
the morals and comforts of the town, though the suburb
in which each was held was visited with it but once a year,
whereas the tenfold greater nuisance of the Hippodrome
races will occur every week." If our memory be not at
fault, our Contemporary, like several other journals, justly
censured the eternal meddling with the amusements of the
people, of which the suppression of fairs, for the gratification
of the peevish gentry who are a great deal too respectable to
dare to be happy, was a part. In truth, the interference of
the rich, and the haters of vulgar joy, with the amusements
of the bulk of the people, has done more to excite dissension
and hatred betwixt them, than any real oppression which
the respectable classes have been guilty of. Compared
to the existence of this sour animosity, the licentious-
ness of all the fairs that ever were held is a trifling
social evil ; though we will not even grant that the
suppression of fairs has done anything better for the mora-
lity of the people than substitute secret and odious indul-
gences, for rude, boisterous, and hearty merriment. For our
part we are friendly to offering the people all kinds of
amusements, and are glad to see Hippodromes added to
theatres and mechanics' institutions. We are not, at the
same time, of opinion that the Government should provide
amusements for the people, after the fashion of the Roman
and Eastern Emperors, but it ought not to allow of their
being suppressed ; and it ought to provide, as Mr. Fox
MULE proposes, the means of preserving at them, as
far as possible, order and decorum. To collect, as
the Times objects to the Bill, all the thieves
and blackguards of the metropolis, on one spot,
will at least enable the police to watch them with greater
ease. In most of the cities of the Continent, the Jews had
a particular quarter, and in some of them a particular de-
scription of women was expressly located in some streets or
districts ; and these two classes were not allowed to
dwell out of their assigned places, for the very purpose of
subjecting them to more efficient controul. Now, if, as the
the Times supposes, the race-course at Notting-hill will
become a place of habitual resort for all the thieves and
gamblers of the metropolis, that might be a public advan-
tage. The police would know where to find them, and
honest men and women where to avoid them. We
do not at all share in the terrors of our
Contemporary for the morality of the people, and hope
that they may be allowed to have races, and games of all
kinds, without any injury to property, or any violation of
decency. Because our Contemporary in his moody fits of
disappointment at the numerous failures of the Tories has
forsworn all earthy joys, are there to be no more " cakes
and ale" consumed in the once merry land of England?

We have not space to-day to give the list of the
.Ayes
and the Noes on the motion which was carried last night,
to read the Grand Junction Railway Bill a second time.
In those lists will be found men of all political parties,
jumbled together as their private interest, or the interest
of their constituents dictates, showing that the public good
is very seldom considered in private legislation, whatever
it may be in legislation which is not called private. The
importance of the question may be inferred, from the num-
ber of Members present—no less than 332. The large
towns of Manchester, Liverpool, and Birmingham, with
all the parts of the country lying in that direction more
remote from the metropolis than Manchester, are in-
terested in this Railway, the object of which is to
shorten the distance between them, and between the
metropolis and them. But it will take something from
Warrington perhaps, and introduce competition with a line
of railway already laid down, and therefore it was stoutly
opposed. We shall probably return to this subject, for
railways are of great public interest, and private Bill legis-
lation requires to be closely watched. Almost every such
Bill confers a monopoly to some extent, takes away from
the public some rights which it must afterwards pay heavily
to have restored, and creates vested interests which are
afterwards found completely to stop further improvements.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Wednesday have been
received. They contain copies of the two treaties between
France and the Haytian Republic, dated the 12th ult. By
the first, France recognizes the independence of Hayti,
and enters into relations of perpetual amity with that Re-
public ; while, by the second, Hayti engages to pay France
1;0,000,000 francs between the years 1838 and 1857, in
zed annual instalments, by wa; of indemnity to the old
planters, whose claims have hitherto been sadly overlooked
Ly the French Government. Ti,e first instalment of this
debt is ,reported to be already on its way to France. In
their commerciA relations the French and Ha trans are to
be placed respectively on the Lime footing as the most
Invoured nations.

The payment of the third instalment of the Greek Loan
continues to occupy the columns of several of the leading
Journals of Paris. In most of them comments of consi-

derable length accompany the following paragraph from
the Minerva, an Athenian Journal, of the 2cl instant :

" The Ambassadors have received a communication from the
Conference of London, with orders to transmit it to Gover-
ment. In this note the Three Great Powers declare that they
will make payment of the third series of the loan, under the
following conditions :-1. The Greek Government shall give
in security for the loan, a stated number of national domains,
and shall give up the revenues of them for payment of the
annual interest. 2. Every six months the Treasurer-General
shall render exact account of the revenue of the national pro-
perty hypothecated. 3. In every case they shall be entitled
to examine the general accounts of the revenues of the country.
4. From this third series of the loan there shall be deducted
the interest and sinking fund of the present year. 5. The
Greek Government shall be invited to re-establish an equili-
brium between its receipts and expenditure. 6. The Bavarian
Government shall be invited not to demand till 1840 the re-
imbursement of the four millions of francs which it alleges is
due to itself."

From the north of Spain we have no news of a later date
than the accounts published yesterday, except that the
Carlist chief EGUIA has been released, and again re-instated
in the good graces of the Pretender. Generals Etto and
ZARIATEGUI have likewise been set at liberty, and are to
resume the command of a new marauding expedition. The
new campaign is expected to be an exceedingly brisk one,
though we must confess that we have our doubts upon the
subject. As far as it has advanced, the Carlists have uni-
formly had the worst of it.
TOCLON, MARCH 21.—The United States American frigate
which arrived to-day from Lisbon, has run aground in the
road, to the west of this great town. As soon as the Sema-
phore gave the signal of this event, men and boats were sent
to its aid. Orders were also given to a steam-boat to assist
in getting the frigate afloat. This is the very same frigate
which was at Cadiz when Admiral Lalandes' squadron arrived
there, and refused the ordinary salute, though the English
frigates, and the ships of war of other nations, saluted the
Admiral, and the officers offered him their services. Our
readiness to-day seems to show that we have forgotten the
uncivil treatment of our flag, on the occasion we speak 0f...
Journal des Debats.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Paius, Msacti 28.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 f. 10c.
Three per Cents. SOL 30c.
Bank Actions, 2,650 f.
Romans, 101%.
Belgian Loan, 104.
Belgian Bank, 1,450 f.
Haytlan Loan, 5051.
Spanish Actives, 22!4.
Spanish Passives, 44.

ELECTION COMMITTEES.
(THIS DAY.)
