the year 1797, which lit woOd every
Gentliotan to read, had :topiolon
to the following words : " 1 stets fullyterseed.
ed, tint unless there is an entire radical Re-
form, not only in the House of tomatoes, 'but
iii event branch of the Executive Power; fn Short
14VIIVSII *lmre is an entire radical reform in the whole
system of Govertitnent,thercis no charier: fur this
country, to enjoy any blessing Wog. It Cannot
remain happy or even safe long. That reform
call Heiner be obtained onleis there is a general
anti istiequivoval ex pp -its favour by the
people. go large." Here then was the evil, the re•
atullhe mope of obtaining it. Even Mr.
Berke, though his eforts wire in practice confined
to a few delusive econontieel rePtrin :110
spoken their language,' elm piOniulgated
the same doettiove. ".Let theCitinglions in
meat .itasembled be mot and the,sense thing with.
the Commons at large : the distinctions which 'are
made to separate us are wicked emitristeucei ; let
us identity, let let ineorpnrate inerselves eitith-the
people ; let us test's a faithful pledge to the, people
that we licineor the Crown, but that we belong
tottlitm." Lord liolingbreke, in one of his poli.
tical essays, lied olusereed, dint ""'she best insti-
tuted Government, like the best constituted animal
bodies, c*rry icethein the seeds-of their destree.
lion ; and though they grow met ....prove far e
time, they will soon tenikisihir to their dissole.
tione-evere hoar they live is an'imur less that they
have to live. Ali that' can he done, therefore,
to prolong ti e.deration of a good eoseenment,
to draw it beclCon evety. favourable occasion, to
the first dill piinciples cm which it was found.
rd.. (,tpplattee.)eel his op(nton tilts work had
hero too•lnag delayed : it had Ittecene necessary
that we thcield Ve:Vert to itapeinelples a century
ago., lie woold now treepate ote their attention
ui+it a (potation front Lord,cerndeou oil the sub-
-1 Ol,the Anletiean wee, wtu le! wiihed he could
make it he heard by his d'egOgierete stin. " bur
totonitntiott,': (said Lerd Careeten, ," it a Con.
stitution founded on the eternal and , immutable
laws of nature, a COOStithtiOtt whose fuuudation
stud centre Is liberty, which sends liberty to every
Waft that le. site happen to be. ill any part of its
eiremnference. • Nor, my Lords, is this doctrioe
new, it is its old as the toustittoine ; it grew up
with it, indeed it is its support. Taxation and re-
presentation are inseparably united ; bicel loth
joined them, no British Pediment eon separate
them; h 1 elidertvour to do it is to stab our Olds.
My.position iii this ; I repeat it;'l will melodist it
to my last • hour,
.taxation and representatiun ales
inseparable:. this positionls founded on the, laws
UANSec for 101,1tck Cr is' a mart's owe is Aso..
lutely ; irn Mall has a right treteke it trout
him without his commie, either expressed by him.
self or his representative—tailor ev attempts it,
attempts an injury;' whoever does it, commits a
sobi,try—he throwit down the distinction between
liberty and slavery—taxation and representation
are, coeval with, and ergential to, the Constitution.
I wise the 1111(14 01 Molded was 10110Weti•-•-•
that of 4:1,04'4011g a COOlititOtioll'at certain
esel eeste. ter, --suer/Hue to its first priuci-
;dee this criuld cowed abuses and supply the tie-
rce'. I wish the times would bear It, acid that,
men's minds were cool enough to enter upon such
a task ; asst that the representative authotity of
this kieedom was equally settled."--e(Applettae.)
He needsl recommend the study 41 these pin-
cipies, togethey calm and steady persever.
twee its enforcing them, to who had at heart
flick eoeutry's happier,,,s and imam% ' But whilst
he reennimeeded muderadoh, he would also advise
that it should be ileeellipe'ilied by, foulness, by
equieege, and Octet mieat 1011. 'lie would nor choose
CO irritate merely berm every thing could hot
he ohtehted, neither Woutl lac relax till something
+eat obtained. %Vilest he talked 'of temperancein
eomittel , lies meant hot Inkewittintress in the cause,
Few private rights, when once lost,,could be re.
covered without spirit and perseverance. He
should now refer them only to one wore autho•
city, that of one of the ablest Statesmen this
country bed ever produced—he' menu' the late
'Lord Chatham. Ott a question touching the eke.
live franchise, though only in au Individual in-
stance, he hail asserted 4# That the privileges
of the greatest and the Imeanest subjects stand
upon the tame fontidation ; it Will ,therefoi e
the highest interest of their Lordships, as it
wee their bonodee duty, tis watch over and
protect the rights of the people. 'rite liberty of
the subject is intruded, my Lords, not °illy in our
distant provinces, butt sit home; The people are
WWI in (heir complaints, they demand redress ;
and, until the injuries they have received are re.
&rued, they will never return to a State of tran-
quillitY, tine ought they fur in my judgment, my
Lords, and I speak it boldly, better were it for
them to perish in a glorious contention for their
tights, item to purchase a slavish tranquillity at
the expence of a single iota of the Constitution:
The Constitution at this moment stands violated ;
end until that welted is heeled, until the grievance
he redressed, it is in vain to recommend union.to
Pediment, in veto to promote concord among
the people : if we mean seriously to unite the
naticso within itself, we Insist' convince them that
their complaints are regarded, itod that their
injuries shall lie redressed. On That foundation
1. would take the lead in recommending peace,
and harmony to the pettple ; ott any 'other 1
weeld ',ever wish to see thero united, again., if
the breach in theiConst)tottion be effectually rt•
palled, the people will Of° themselves return to a:
state uI tranquillity; if not, may discord prevail
fit ever, I know to what point this doctrine and
this laugitaee will ',spear directed : but 1 feel the
Its indpfe of an and I utter them with.
eat any sippreltensimis or reserve." What danger
could there he among a people so enlightened as
tier owe in admittieg them to the privileges of
the Constitution Even the poorer daises had at,
.
fifthly of thew meetings displayed a degree of in.
los metion and of talent not inferior to those who
Were in better circumstances. lie verily believed,
Cie if: there wastiny regret felt among their
enemies, It was 6mm-et there had not been
more exeesses.,--(l.,onit Applause.) —Sure he
wat4„ thst the more discussion prevailed, the
;;setter would be the disposition to unanimity.
Debate might give rite to transient vehemence, and
papolar assemblies might be somewhat irregularly
eimdeeted, hut the temper of Englishmett ever
heist to the still of the majority. Be could see
