TREASURER OF THE NAVY.

Sir JAMES GRAHAM, before the House went into
Committee of Supply, wished to ask a question of the Go-
vernment. Towards the end of last Session cer-
tain resolutions had been come to, for the purpose
of consolidating the offices of Treasurer of the Navy,
Paymaster of the Army, and Master of the Ordnance.
They had now arrived at the last day of Supply, and he had
seen the Navy and Army Estimates, in which all pro-
visions for these offices was omitted ; and what he wished,
therefore, to ask was, whether those regulations were pro
pared, whether any estimate was to be submitted to the
House, whether the money had been paid on the sth of
July, and if paid, out of what fund ?
Mr. BARING, who was very indistinctly heard, said
that the resolutions to which the Right Hon. Baronet
referred, required very great consideration ; but he
believed they were in such a state of preparation
as would enable them to be shortly submitted to the House
With respect to the payment of the salaries it was quite
true that in accordance with the resolutions they had been
suspended, but as under the circumstances these resolutions
had not been carried into effect, the proper course would be
to submit a separate vote for the payment of those salaries.
Sir J. GRAHAM thought it would be very irregular to
pay money without a regular vote of that House ; at the
same time he must say that the postponement of these
salaries would be a monstrous proceeding when it was no
fault of the parties. He regretted that these regulations
had not been laid upon the table, and he would add
that he should be sorry to see the office of Treasurer
of the Na%y abolished, as it had been in his opinion an ex-
tremely well-conducted one.
CORPORATE PROPERTY (IRELAND).

The report of the Committee on the Corporate Property
(Ireland) Bill was further considered.

TEXAS.

The Order of the Day for the House going into a Com-
mittee of Supply having been read,
Mr. B. HO Y rose to move an address to the King re-
specting the trade in slaves in the Texas. If the House
favoured him with its attention, he promised that he would
not detain them long. The question was a very important
one to this country, as we had there property to the amount
of not less than seventy millions of dollars. The Texas bad
already been dissevered from Mexico, and might fall along
with the islands of Porto Rico into the hands of the
United States. He had before asked whether the Texas
would not be bound by the treaties into which she entered,
when forming part of the Mexican territory, relative to the
slave trade ; and the Noble Lord (Palmerston) then an-
swered, that if the Texas remained after the conclu-
sion of the war, part of the Mexico, she would be bound by
the treaties entered into with this country at that time.
But he had the opinion of the Noble Lord on another point
to quote as a precedent in this case. The Noble Lord, in
answer to a question from him had stated that Holland was
bound by all the treaties made by her when joined to Bel-
gium, after the separation of the two countries. The war going
on then was not a war of independence or for liberty—it was
a war for slavery, and the Texas had been most unjustly
assisted by the Southern States of the American Union.
He should be able to prove all this, but he was anxious
not to weary the House with long extracts ; he would,
however, trouble them with a few. The Hon. Member then
read several documents to show, that it was the intention of
the Americans to take the part of the Texeans, and by that
means overpower the Mexicans. Now what, he would
ask, was the object of that ? Why, an expectation on the
part of America of the annexation of that State with
the Union.—( Hear, hear.) The last State that joined
itself with the Union did so on the basis of doing
as it pleased in respect of slavery, and he had
not any doubt if the Texians and the Americans were
united they would carry on the slave trade. The Noble
Lord would perhaps tell him whether he had not within the
last ten days had applications from the Mexican Govern-
ment, requesting the Government of this country to remon-
strate with the American Government on its gross violation
of treaties. The Hon. Member then read several extracts
for the purpose of shelving that the American Government
was favourable to the Slave Trade. It would be for the
country to consider whether, after the enormous sums they
were expending, and had expended, in putting down the
slave trade, and abolishing slavery, they were prepared to
act so as to render this expense wholly useless—to retreat
from that position in which as anation they had taken the lead,
in abolishing slavery, whether they were prepared to give
up all those advantages, and that position, and to allow
slavery to take a deep root, when they had the power and
the right of interference and suppression. The annual
expense to Great Britain for the abolition of slavery was,
and for the settlement at Sierra Leone 40,6951.—
Hear.) For the:support of captured negroes 25,000/.,
for the mixed commissions, 16,000/. There were also
twelve vessels of war employed on the coast of Africa.
The whole of the expenditure, including the interest of the
money, would amount to a sum of 1,100,0001. per an-
num, calculating the interest at 3 per cent. The way the
Slave Trade was carried on was worthy of remark. A
quantity of vessels left Cuba for the coast of Africa—the
number of which had increased rapidly. In 1833 there
were 30 vessels ; in 1834, there were 60 vessels, and in 1835
there were more than 80 vessels engaged from Cuba alone.
The greater part of those slaves he had no doubt went to
Texas ; and a calculation had been made that at least
13,000 slaves annually had been introduced either
directly into Texas or in the immediate neighbourhood.
which he considered to be a gross violation of the treaty with
Mexico. If the Government of the United States got into
possession of Mexico, there could be no doubt that America
would establish great and important commercial power.
she would then have the finest mercantile position in the
world. There could be no doubt also that she would then
get possession of mining districts, which would be of
immense value—not less than 30,000,000 dollars being
taken from one mine alone annually. Unless Mexico
was assisted by this country, she would be weakened
to that degree' that she would fall an easy
prey to the ambition of the United States.
He therefore called on the House to agree to an
address to the Crown, praying his Majesty would take
such measures as to him might seem proper for the fulfil-
ment of the existing treaty with Mexico. He would ask
whether this country was riik bound to remonstrate in
a friendly mantler with the United States ? He would go
further, and maintain that it was our duty to have had a
naval force to protect the Mexicans and prevent the
aggressions on the part of the United States. The
Americans, by debts, much exaggerated no doubt,
had got the Floridas, and the State of Louisiana
ceded to them. As Spain was now getting largely
into our debt, he did not see that we could do better than
take possession of Cuba and Porto Rico. He would
not trouble the House with any more extracts, for he thought
he had made out a complete case for his motion, and he
claimed the support of all who were sincere in their desire
for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. WARD seconded the motien. Hon. Members
importance
of not, perhaps, be aware of the great
of Texas to the intercourse of this country with Mexico, it had
perhaps: one of the finest coasts in the world for commerce.
The American Government had long fixed its eyes on
Texas, and they had latterly poured a large population
Into that country, in order, if possible, to secure posses-
sion of it.—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") Finding, however,
they were defeated in obtaining it by that means, they
had taken advantage of the late political disturbances
in Mexico to endeavour if possible, to obtain it ;
He referred to the report 'of the Committee of Foreign
Relations of the United States, to show a desire on the
part of the States to recognise the independence of Texas.
There were two points to be considered in the discussion of
this question. The first was of general importance—
namely, whether it was advisable, considering the nature and
extent of our foreign relations with Mexico, to allow the
United States to extend their territories to the south by
taking possession of Texas ; and another consideration was
one of humanity, for he was sure that no person, who was
acquainted with the evils and miseries of the slavery that
existed in the southern States of the Union, could desire
to inflict the same upon human beings, or allow the system
to be extended to Texas. There was a great struggle
going on in the United States between the slave-bolding
states and the non-slave-holding states. The parties were
balanced nearly, but if the state of 'Texas was an-
nexed to the United States, the slove-holding States would

be by far the most poker I. He could not help
observing that the existence of Slavery was the most degrad-
ing feature in the whole system of the United States.

MARRIAGE BILL.

A message from the Lords brought up the Marriage
Bill, as amended by their Lordships. The amendments
were ordered to be printed. _ ..

Lord PALMEASTON would say, in the beginning of
his observations, that he did not feel himself at liberty to
agree to the proposal for an address ; but he trusted that
neither the Hon. Member (Mr. B. Hoy) nor the House would
imagine that this was any proof that he did not feel the deep
importance of the subject, or that the Government were not
as much animated as the Hon. Member by a sincere desire
to put an end to the evils to which mainly the address related.
The observations that had been made by the Hon. Member
opposite (Mr. Hay) and Ida Hon. Friend behind him (Mr.
Ward) divided themselves into two branches, the one relating
to the political part of the qnestion ; the other relating
to the trade with slaves. With regard to the former, un-
doubtedly the possibility that the province of the State of
Texes might be added to the United States of North
America, would be a subject which ought seriously
to engage the attention of the House and the Govern-
ment, but he (Lord Palmerston) did not think the
events which had as yet occurred afforded any
ground for thinking there was at present any such
probability of that kind as to call on the House
to address the Crown, with reference to such a mea-
sure. The state of Texas at present was this, that
a revolt having taken place in that province, the Mexi-
can army had been dispatched, for the pnrpose of putting
that revolt down. But it would be premature to infer,
from what had taken place, what would be the ulti-
mate issue of the civil war now going on in that pro-
vince.---(Hear, hear.) It was possible that the resis-
tance of the people of Texas might prevail againt the
authorities of Mexico, but the Government of Mexico was
preparing, according to the latest advices, to make fresh
efforts to reinforce their army ; and therefore the House
was not then in a condition to infer from any thing that had
(LEFT SPEAKING.)
