ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

MIDLAND CIRCUIT.—LEICESTER, July 25.
(Before Mr. Justice PARK.) s s s

Joseph Lord and Henry Johnson stood charged with being found
armed in the night, in a close belonging to John Clarke, Esq., with
intent, Bce.
Thomas Perkins—ls gamekeeper to the prosecutor, who lives in
this county. On the 31st of December last, was out watching the
game. Heard the'report of fire-arms, and proceeded to call up the
son of the prosecutor, and witness's two assistants. Heard the re-
port of two guns, in a spinney where the pheasants roosted. Saw
two men there ; one was loading a gun while the other threw a
pheasant over the hedge. The prisoner, Johnson, then came out
of-the hedge and picked it up. Shortly after, three other men came
out, armed with bludgeons, when they all ran away together. Wit-
ness called out to his party, " Come on, here they are," and pursued
them into a close called the Forty Acre. The prisoner, Lord, then
desired his party to stand,.saying he would blow them to pieces.
Witness said, we have guns as well as you, but there should.be no
firing on his part unless they set the example. Witness then tried
to arrest Johnson, who had got a basket full of pheasants, but was
beaten off by the other poachers ; he continued to follow them in
their retreat, when Lord presented his gun at him, and threatened
to shoot him ; they then fell upon him again, and beat him about
the head with their bludgeons, and then again retreated. Witness
followed him, when one of the party came up, presented his piece
at witness's breast, and swore " He would blow his guts out ;" he
then pulled the trigger, but it flashed in the pan. Witness pur-
sued • no farther, and subsequently the two prisoners were arrested.
Witnesses were called, who confirmed Perkins 4 story. The Jury
found the prisoners Guilty, when his Lordship sentenced them to
transportation for seven years.
In the course of the day a True Bill was found against Sarah
Wilmot, for the murder of her own child, and she will be put upon
her trial the first thing to-morrow morning.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

(FROM LLOYD'S.)

DEAL, Jut 25.—Wind S.S.W., light breezes.—Arrived from
the river and sailed the Duke of Bedford, Bowerfoot, for Calcutta ;
Glenalvon, Skinner, for the Cape of Good Hope - and Samuel Ro-
bertson, Greswold, for New York. Arrived the William Bryan,
Roman, from Van Dieman's Land.
PORTSMOUTH, Jut 25.—Wind N.E. to N.W., light breezes.—
Sailed the London, Wimble, for Calcutta.
PLYMOUTH, JULY 24.—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived the Oberon,
Forth, from Memel.
FALMOUTH, JULY 24.—Wind variable.
PoRTLANn, JULY 25.—Arrived off port the Bellissima, Wight,
rom Cape Coast.
Li v F.APOOL, juLY 24.—Arrived the Eliza and Susan, M'Known,
a Duncan, from Charleston ; John Welsh, Woodhouse, from
Quebec ; Svlvance, Lawson, from Cape Breton; Margaret, from
Trinidad ; Friends, Long, from Shedrac ; Intrepid, Harrison, from
Leghorn ; Elenora and Charlotte, from Rostock ; The Fenwick,
Keating, from St. John's, New Brunswick, which was on shore in
the river, has been got off and taken into dock.
Du BLIN, JULY 24.—Arrived the Friends, Duncan, from Quebec.
RIVER, JULY 26.—Arrived the Enterprise, Rudolph, from
Findland ; Catharina, Hogan, from Hamburg; and Harmony,
Kilgour, from Dublin.
GENOA, JULY 17.—The Board of Health, on the 11th instant,
extended the quarantine to fifteen days, and cargo to be landed at
the Lazaretto, to vessels from Valencia, Granadas, and Andalusia.
Vessels from the Balearic Isles and Catalonia to ten days, without
landing the cargo. A quarantine has also been laid on the vessels
from Gibraltar and Lisbon.

LOWESTOVFE, JULY 25.—The Anne, Howe, came in this morn-
ing in a leaky state, and must be hove on the slip.

The Henry Freeling, Droghers, was wrecked at Dominica the
3d ult. Eight puncheons of rum saved.

The departure of the Russian ex-diplomatist, Count
Matuszewic, is again postponed. The Count and a party of
fashionable sportsmen proceeds to the Scottish Moors on the
30th instant.

The Marquis of Miraflores on Thursday gave a
magnificent dinner at his residence at Portland-place, in order
to celebrate the meeting of the Cortes. It was attended by
the Diplomatic Representatives of all the countries which have
acknowledged Donna Isabella 11.

The Duke de Cadaval, ex-Governor of Lisbon, and
the Duke de Lafoens, a Portuguese Nobleman of great wealth,
and a stanch adherent of Don Miguel, have taken their depar-
ture for the Continent, after a very brief stay in the metropolis.
The Earl of Wilton and a party of fashionable
friends embarked in his Lordship's cutter yacht the Owen
Glendower, at Woolwich, on an aquatic excursion. They re-
turn next week for Goodwood races.

Earl Grey shortly proceeds to Howick Hall, ac-
companied by his Countess and family. The Hon. Colonel
Grey, late Private Secretary to his distinguished father, has
taken his departure to assume the command of the 71st High-
land. regiment.
FUNERAL PROCESSION OF THE MARCHIONESS
OF HEADFORT.-This morning, between ten and eleven o'clock,
the mortal remains of the much-lamented, and highly dis-
tinguished Lady, who most unhappily fell a victim to the
eholera„ were removed from the Noble Marquis's residence,
No. 5, Cumberland-terrace, Regent's Park, for interment in
the new family vault, at the grand Cemetery, in the Harrow-
road. The mournful procession consisted of eight porters on
horseback, in state plumes, the coronet borne on a cushion ;
a hearse (containing the coffin), richly covered with crimson
velvet, drawn by six horses ; two mourning coaches, each
drawn by four horses, containing the relatives and friends of
the deceased distinguished Lady, followed by fourteen Noble-
men's carriages. It is but this day week this amiable Lady
was in perfect health, to the enjoyment and happiness of her
numerous family, and on Tuesday last a grand ball was to have
een given. The deceased was in her 45th year, and has left
nine Children to deplore her. irreparable loss.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, JULY 26, 1834.

Lord ALTHORP last night brought forward his
Budget, which seemed to give general satisfaction to
the House. As we have given a very full report of his
Lordship's speech, together with the various details
and calculations, it is only necessary to give an ab-
stract here. His Lordship calculated the total
surplus at 1,815,0001., out of which the reduc-
tion of taxation will amount to 1,581,0001. The
public are already pretty well aware of the items com-
posing this amount. They are--

£1,200,000
200,000
75,000
6,000
25,000
75,000

House Tax
Customs Bill
Starch
Stone Bottles and Sweets
Almanacks
Small Assessed Taxes

£1,581,000

This leaves a surplus of 235,0001. Besides the re-
ductions stated above, Lord ALTHORP proposes to
lower the duty on spirits in Ireland from 3s. 4d. per
gallon to 2s. 4d., in order to check illicit distillation in
that country. This is very proper ; but we understand
from Gentlemen largely connected with the spirit trade
in Scotland, that they expect a similar boon. How
far the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER can meet
their views, remains to be seen.

There is to be an alteration in the present Beer
License, which we think very reasonable. The duty at
present is 21. 2s. for each license. Now it is pro-
posed to raise this duty to 31. 3s. where beer is con-
sumed on the premises, and to reduce it to one guinea
where it is not consumed on the premises. The alte-
ration will produce 35,0001. to the revenue. He pro-
poses, besides, to add 50 per cent. on the licenses of
spirit dealers, which will produce 160,0001 more. We
have not time for entering into the items of the as-
sessed taxes, amounting altogether to 75,000/, which
are chiefly beneficial to the agricultural interest, and
poor clergymen who have been taxed for riding horses. -
On the whole, it is very gratifying to learn, that
notwithstanding all the reduction proposed, the Noble
Lord will be able to pay the interest of the twenty
millions granted for the abolitidn of slavery, besides
paying 400,009/. for other items, which will be found
in the report.

Mr. GOULBURN brought forward last evening his
long-threatened motion relative to the new offices
created by the present Government, and the conse-
quent increase of patronage ; and never was failure
more signal. Were it admitted that there had been
an increase of patronage, how could that be a charge
against the Government ? Does not the Right Hon.
Gentleman see that had he been able to make
good his point, instead of proving anything against
Ministers, he would have passed the most bitter
censure on the sluggishness, the apathy, and the anti-
reform spirit of party with whom lie is connected,
and particularly of the Administration of which he
formed a Member. Why, most of the new offices
created are only temporary, and the appointments
were forced on Government either by glaring abuses,
or by the strong recommendation of Committees of.
Parliament. But, says the Right Honourable
Gentleman, had we remained in office, we
would have saved the country great expense,
and withheld from the Government much of the
patronage which an anti-patronage Government has
now so cunningly created. We doubt the first state-
ment—the latter we readily admit. The country
would have been saved the expense of the general
survey of the country for the divisions of counties, and
the erections of new boroughs—it would have been
saved the expense of the revising barristers—the expenses
of municipal commissions—of poor law commissions—of
tithe commissions—of Irish education commissions—in
short of every Commission appointed to inquire into

the abuses which had either spring up or vastly in-
creased in the church, the law, the various departments
of the state, and. in all our municipal corporations
during the last 50 years of Tory dominion. We
should have been spared too the twenty millions
granted to the West India proprietors, besides the
annual salaries of the Justices of Peace appointed in
every island where there is a slave population.
We _should have had no expense for carrying into
effect this measure, which has conferred such a
vast boon on our fellow-creatures—a measure which
has in the ages of all nations conferred more lasting
honour on Great Britain, and excited more Unenvied
praise, than any ever effected by any Government in
ancient or modern times. According to his principles,
if fully acted on, we should have gone on like Spain
and Portugal, and Italy and Turkey, leaving things as
they are, till abuses rose to such a height as to destroy
the energies of the State, or bring about a dreadful
convulsion. As in the garden of the sluggard, weeds
and brambles, and every noxious production of nature,
would have been allowed to spring up and strengthen,
merely because it would have required some additional
labourers to root up the trees that encumber the ground,
and plant others that would bring forth good fruit. But
what after all was proved by the discussion which his at-
tack on the Government provoked ? Why simply this—
that during the three last years the number of offices
reduced amounted to 1,858, with a saving to the coun-
try of 259,2301. annually. A number of new offices
have been created, but one half of them are only tem-
porary. All these commissions are appointed
only for the purposes of inquiry, and will be
abolished, when the abuses against which they
are directed, are exposed to public view.—
We do not remember on any occasion when an attack
was so ill-planned, or so triumphantly repelled by any
Government. Sir ROBERT PEEL did his best to
support his tottering friend, and appealed to the
House, whether he was not justified in making such a
motion, when so many agents were required to distri-
bute one million among the Irish clergy. But what did
that prove? According to Sir W. GOSSET, the agent of
Tory Governments—one man could not have done the
work in less than 58 years, and was it not wise and
merciful towards the Clergy, to employ the greatest
number of hands for the shortest possible period, in
order to grant them speedy relief ? We agree with
Mr. GOULBURN on one point—the unequal proportion
of barristers employed on such Commissions. In the late
appointments, no less than 105 had received appoint-
ments to the prejudice of intelligent and practical men
better fitted for the duty. The most triumphant an-
swer for the Government, however, is, that notwith-
standing all this alleged unnecessary expense, and all
their alleged misrule, the revenue of the country gra-
dually increases, while taxation is yearly diminished.

We are glad to announce the rapid progress which
the Poor Laws' Amendment Bill is making in the Com-
mittee of the Upper House. When their Lordships
rose last night, forty clauses were agreed to. The
further consideration of the Bill was deferred till
Monday.

As we stated yesterday, Sir JOHN HOBIIOUSE has
been returned for Nottingham by a majority of 1,025 ;
the numbers for the Right Honourable Baronet being
1,591, and for Mr. EAGLE 566. So much for the
Ultras, Tory and Radical, combined

The conduct of any branch of the Legislature, in
first allowing parties interested in the passing of Bills,
to incur heavy expenses at their own private risk, and
then throwing out these Bills for no other reason than
that some inconvenience would be experienced in
attending to them at a late period of the Session—is a
proof of anything rather than that sound discretion
which ought to mark the proceedings of a Legislative
Assembly. The people are beginning to mark these
things ; and from what we know of them, they are
generally of opinion, that a trifling inconvenience
—nay the necessity of protracting the rising of
Parliament for a whole week—ought not to weigh
against the possible ruin which might follow an
useless attempt to obtain a decision at their hands,
—not, of course, a statement of their other en-
gagements, but the results of their mature delibe-
ration of the measures before them. Everybody
knows that the greatest individual inconvenience
must be endured by any Member of the Legislature
who attends to his Parliamentary duties,—that thPbu-
siness of both Houses is exceedingly irksome, tedious,
common-place, laborious, and disagreeable,—but then
it is not expected that either House should state its
neglect or postponement of duty, to be justified by any
plea drawn from these necessary concomitants of judi-
cious legislation.

We make these remarks in consequence of the course
pursued by the House of Lords last night, in throw-
ing out the Great Western Railway Bill, after having
been fifty-seven days before a Committee of the
House of Commons,—.solely on the ground of want of
time to consider it during the present Session. Speak-
ing in the language of Parliament, we know that the
members of one House are not obliged to know what
is going forward in another ; but there is no wisdom
in making a stand on a privilege, which, if observed
to the letter, would prove legislators to be the most
unfit persons in the kingdom for discharging their
proper functions. The plea of ignorance here is
either a complete farce, or the parties making it
are unqualified to legislate for the people of
this great commercial country. But if there
be any difficulty here beyond what we see in it—we
would suggest, that to save time, trouble, and heavy
expense, both Houses should come to some arrange-
ment about appointing. joint committees on all very
important Bills, likely to occupy the attention of the
Legislature for any considerable length of time. Some
plan of this kind is absolutely necessary ; otherwise
Parliament will soon find itself unable to go through
half the business which must come before it ; and
which is annually increasing at an amazing rate, in
consequence of the changes which have recently taken
place in our internal affairs, from discoveries in
science, art, and domestic economy. By joint
committees an immense saving of the expenses
of Parliament would be effected, as the evidence for
both Houses would be taken at the same time, and all
witnesses dismissed ; each House using its own dis-
cretion in calling for the Reports so drawn up, and
citing them as authorities common to both.
We are not disposed to speak harshly, much less
disrespectfully, of the House of Lords, for having so
unceremoniously thrown out a Bill, of the great ad-
vantages of which to the agricultural and mercantile
interests of the West of England, and the people of
Ireland, there could be but one opinion. What we
most complain of is, that a Bill of such vast im-
portance,—so full of the promise of great ad .
