- k

;~~_

Mcnoneth4iii re and
Morgginne.ryhirep.with
Stiroimbtre
17. South %Vales, viz.
IlrockpocUhi,e
Carmart Iwo shire
- Cartfig-anshire
Gliirhorganshire
RadliOtshire and
Pembrokeshire. with
licrefordsh,re.and ,
AloionOuthshire -
Each Disi'ic7 wid be put up, at the sum above set ,ppoilte
thereto, which, thet,;'beno bi,kliom, will be gradual !y abated
down to a certain,pr,int, or till a bidding !hall be made. The
itr will be declared the Farmer, and will be required
pay down intnzediat4, ix Bank. Mks, one Eighth fart of the
klunual Rent as a deposit ; but if no sufficient bidding shall be
,made for any Dish-1,7; it will be withdrawn.

es

i '

sOOO

Andit is. intended; that the Distrias shill not he put up in the
order above stated, but in a'y other .tvhich",be Connnissi9ners of
Stansis ntay think fit, and Which will not be declared before the
time of lettjng.

All Persons intending to. bid fir any (Vibe said Duties; •are to
deliver in their Pr,posals,'addreised to the Collin:kilo',et:, at' the
Stamp Office, Somerset:plate, at least three d,gs frevi,U4 to the
said i6tb cat ,yece:nther next, signed-will, thlirWilnrS, stating the
paces of their—abode, and sp,.ciffill„; the Distric4 GI- Dist, iHs
fir`Whicko6lhte,vd is hid, otherwise their Prvsals cannt be
priceded upo,i.. • „

r
And no Persons licenced to lett HOrs:l fr the purp.:se :r.4-
.
yelling
p I, nor any one Jro their use, C.t.7 he admitted to cuultaa
for au onbe said Duties.
TO INiVKEEPERS AND OTIIERS letting Flo:Ses tv hire, as

weif as to Persoya intenSng to bid for any of tFr said. Metier- :

Notice Is also given, That by the above-mentioned /fa (1.
the last Session, all Liceiices fa- letting EL-ses to hire,
ed previourl) to the 31st of on/au' next, will expire (,n th‘lt
day, and all Licences to be granted after
,thal‘ day will eXpfr! en
Ibe'.3x.rt of yanuaty jalotoi!!g the due ihereof ; but
• the ccn.
venience of the Persons cones., ned, and to
.give time for obtalUif,g
Licences, all such as shallbe granted
_between the 31st
aly and the 16th of Illarch au year, year,will be doh-4 the i3l of
_k3rmary,and quill pra ttl
eci from tha.y. The also coat.;;;,!'
new provisions and regulations for better securi,g the
Duties, and preventing fraush, as well as for
recovery of the' Duties, and the Penalties fur c//'ices rel,tirg
thereto, - si•hicb will be found beneficial to the Farmers thereof ;
and Innkeepers eind others /tiling Horses to hire will be suide4
to Penalties if they negice to -conlorm to such Regulations.
-By Oder of the Comm:ssionets of Stalzji,
C. ;E. BERESFORD, Set

PALM SOAP IN THE GREIT'EST PERFECTIOI,I;
SBERRY having made great Improvements in his
. well-known PALM SOAP, recomutends it v,ith re.
newcd contilence to the Nobility,anil Gentry ; prepared from
that sweet fragrant article, Palm Oil, the preasatitneN vf
the' Perfume, air' delicacy of its use, has merited the atten-
tion and patronage of of the first Families, anal is
teemed a vainal?le discovery for softenirig, cleaning, hr,n;in,
and preserving the Skin from tit: heat of the still; aril is
also found an excellent defence 'against cold winds an(i.share
frosty air.

5514 in Squares imd Balls, ts. each, with the words " Sa-
muel Bero" 'on the wrapper. The Proprietor recoutmeEds
it as the best Soap for. shaving, nrociuchlg a due softlatlier;
proper for tender Faces, in round Cakes, is. each. kr,1).,,,,t
and sold by- S. Berry, Wholesale i',rfurner, No. 17,
street, Soho ; arid, by his appointinetit, at the princlpal\Per.
tnmers •in London and di44rent TOwns ih ibte three,King.

To THOMAS TAYLOR,, 3q.
No. 99 Neyr✓ Bridge-,greet,

TO THE ED.ITOR OF 7"HE AUF.

Sir,

ACONSIDER it out an a& of justice due to the
merits of your LEAKE's PATENT PILLS, to com-
municate to you the following. Cure which has recently been
performed by them:—An Acquaintance of mine, by the
breaking out of an old Venereal Complaint (attended by a
complication of disorders arising therefrom), was.reduced al-
Most to a skeleton'; and although he had the best mediCal
advice whick could be obtained, and tried a variety of Patent
Medicine's; 'nothing could be'prucured which seemed to suit
his erase, or to do him any service : he remained in a most te.
diced and pitiable situation for two years, unable to follow
his profession, and scarcely able to walk or even to stand on
his legs ; in fa! no one who ,knew him ever supposed it pos-
sible for him to recover. He was advised at last to try your
Leake's Pills—he did so, adhering strictly to the diredions
given with them. He had not taken more than two boxes be.
fore he found an alteration fur the better:
.this encouraged
him to proceed, and' by taking a few boxes more he found
his appetite and strength gradually return, and is now as
health and stout as any man 1 know. You are welcome,
Sir; to leer any person to me for a confirmation of the-alai:t.;
account if it should be doubted.
I aril, Sir, your obedient
.humble servant,
Library, Folkstone. "mos. 111JRDAY.

MR. -EDITOR,

....•••01110M•11.01

%eiqg at :.Club-room, ip ;St. James's-street, last
night, talking to a Gentleman who has been' very
active in promoting the meeting to be holden in the
City of London, for tbe purposeof raising a SutscriP-
tion towards the relief of the Spariish Patriots, wbo,
at this inclement season are so nobly and gallantly
defending the cause of their country (and, I think,
I may safely say, the,cause of the civilized world)
against the most execrable, blood-thirsty tyrant that
ever existed, and enduring patiently every Lpisery
that can arise from the want of clothes and neces-
sary food, a Noble Lord entered the room, and ad-
dressing the Gentleman to whom J was talking,
said, " So I find that you are about raising a Sub-
scription in the City, fo be applied towards the re-
lief of the Spanish Patriots, you must permit me to
subscribe my mite." Upon which he immediately
wrote a draft upon his banker for 5001. and delivered
it to the Gentleman, begging that it might be ap-
plied to the Fund.
I mention this, not merely on account of the
largeness of the Sum, but on account of the zeal and
heartiness with which it was given. I know but
little of my Countrymen, if the same spirit does not
burn in the breast of the whole Nation, and I ex-
peet to see, not only Pounds, but Shillings, andeven
Sixpences, subscribed for so glorious a purpose,
And I arn, Sir, your's, &c.
A SPANISH ENGLISHMAN.

' Prepared and Sold by the Sole Proprietor,
Taloa . TAYLOR, Member ofthe Royal College of Surgeons,
London, at his House, No. 9, New Bridge-street;
Where, after a constant residence of more than Forty Years,
in a pradice particularly direded to the Cure of Vene-
real Complaints, and those incidental to the Parts of
generation in both Sexes, with that inviolable secrecy
which Men" of his Profession should always observe, he
flatters himself, the advice and assistance he gratuitous-
ly administers to Persons taking this Medicine, will be
'esteemed by a discerning Public, as an advantage seldom
to be obtained, and void of ambiguity.
Also sold, by his Appointment, fo; the convenience of
those living at a distance, at the Perfumer's,./Nro. 35, St. Al-
ban's-street, Pall Mall; the Toyshop, No. ro3, Oxford-
street; Mr. l)isborough's, No. 7, Fish-street-hill; Mr.
tax.fer's, South-bridge, Edinburgh; Mr. Donald's, C las -
gOw ; Mr. Bull, Dame-street, Dublin; Mr. l3illinge's, Li-
verpool; Mr. Atkinson's; Manchester ; and by one Person
in every considerable 'Down in Great Britain and Ireland,
in Boxes of only as. 9d. each, sealed up with full and
plain diredions, whereby persons of either sex may cure
themselves with ease, steed, secrecy, and safety.

MAILS.
Dez—z Gottenburgh, x Malta, I Dublin, 3 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY Al' TWELVZ O'CLOCK.
Consols 7 66i I Red. Ann. - -65 i

N. B. Every,Box sold in Great Britain is sealed up with
a stamp, on which, by favourof the Commissioners, is prim-
ed at the Stamprofßee, " T. Taylor, No. 9, New Bridgc-
Stret," to imitate which is Felony, and allothers arc cour-
terteits,

FOR THE SLIV.

MR. EDITOR,

The present crisis demands the head, heart, and
hand of every Individual who has the honour and
happiness fo Jive under the best of Kings, and
freest of Governments; even our national safety
may be'saiul to depend upon our united exertions of
wisdom and courage; and the pregnant, and ever-
memorable order of our great Naval Hero—" Eng-
lund expects every man to do Ids duty"—deserves
_this time most particular attention, and calls for
most prompt obedience. And, indeed, what may
Lot be expeCted from a general combination of
duties for the" public good. But Whence can we
'derive the pleasing hope of such an union of senti-
ment, such an union of exertion ? the thoughtless
inattention to all grave subjeas, especially those of a
'religious nature; indlYereace about them, and the
general lore of pleasure, pervade every class of So-
ciety to such_ a degree, that the exhortation of any
one, however earnestly or affthionately it may be
given, will scarce have attention, much less pradi-
Cal in the midst of this general dissipation.
But as we are all called to active duties by impe-
1-ions necessity, and as every one, by a faithful dis-
charge
.of his own, may promote the public good,
'and, consequently the ntitional safety,, I feel myself
called upon so contribute my mite towards it, under
petsUision that I am bodnd so td do, esteeming
fear of G-I" the best wisdom ; and the love
'of is King and Country the best' glory of an Eng-
lish Protestant.

THE SUN.

$Olll4 SIVIS DICZAZ TALSUM AUDZAT ?

L 0 N D 0 IV,

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1808.

W E have been favoured with the perusal of a Let-
ter from an Officer belonging to Sir DAVID BAIRD'S
Army, dated at Astorga, the 24th ult. which states,
that they were upon the point of forming a junction
with the Marquis DE ROMANA'S Army, *which, in
consequence of the reinforcements it had received,
amounted to 2'5,000 men.

No further intelligence had reached town from
Spain, when this Paper was put to Press.
We yesterday stated, that the Master of the Flag
of Truce that arrived at Dover reported, that Buo-
NAFARTE had returned to Paris; and it ha's been
suggested that his sudden return arose from some
intimation he had received of the hostile disposition
of Austria. It is idle to speculate upon the causes
of his return, when we a►e not sure of the fad ;
but we retain the opinion we some time ago ex-
pressed of the probability of a rupture between
France and Austria.

The ILussian and French Messengers whose arrival
we yesterday announced, were permitted to land yes-
terday morning, and they reached town last night. We
can assure our Readers that the contents of their dis-
patches had not transpired when this Paper was put to
Press. They were to be laid before the Cabinet this
morning, and the Messengers were expeeted to leave
town this day, in order to proceed to France. What-
ever reply Ministers may think proper to send, will, of
course, be dispatched by an Agent of the British
Government.

' The cause of this general levity of conduct is
matter of mutual accusation between the clergy and
' laity; Ido not think it worth while to dispute it
'here, but I Will heartily recommend (what may be
more useful to both parties), to make use of that
leisure, which they may easily spare, in promoting
.a general amendment throngliont the remainder of
their lives. I feel myself called upon from peculiar
circumstances, and amongst others, from my situa-
tion, to animadvert, in this letter, upon the clerical
charaaer. Too many of the Clergy act and live as
RS if their sacred commission laid them under no re-
struit, but gage them more leisure to waste in fri-
!olOnS amusements and dissipating pleasures. In
ton many parts of the country, the conversation, for
at least five months in the year, takes its subjeEt
from the gun, pointer, greyhound, &c. ; much
toast is-made Of the savage ',skill of game-killing,
and not a few of the Clergy employ six days hi the
week principally in field diversions. When Mini-
'stern have spent six days in this manner, their Pa-
rishioners cannot but consider the performance of
•their duty assigned to them on the seventh, as a
nitre matter of prrifildle necessity, and not of
• conscience ;- and, indeed, the mature,- in wh;cli it is
performed by them, justifies this opinion. It, how-
eler,v• Clergymen-would seriously refieti upon the
importance of their offices, the influence of their
'example, and the solemn account which they must
one day gi've, the refle(tion would (I am persuaded) Yesterday afternoon a Cabinet Council was held
snake thetas holy in' their lives; zealous for the ho- at the Forei7i Office, at which were present, his
nour of- their Divine'Master ; anxious for the tter- Grace the Duke PORTLAND, the LORD CHANCELLOR,
631 welfare of their parishioners; and heartily desir- Earls CAninEN, BATHURST, CHATHAM, and W EST-
buS to adorn their holy profession by a serious de- MORLAND, Lords tiAwKESBURY and CASTLEREAGH,
Form-tent, by a prudent choice; and a moder-te en- IS,Ir. Secretary CANNING, and Mr. PERCEVAL. After
30yon8nt Of such recreations and amusements as are the Council broke up, Lord CAsTLEREAGEI Went to
the Duke of YoRK, supposed to be for the purpose
salutary, rational, and inoffensive,
Had the good .princi;des (which some Ministers of consulting his Royal Highness upon sending more
,
are,'as it'uTie, compelled, on 'one day Of the 'week, to troops to Spain.
recommend) been enforced upon the minds of their Yesterday the DUKE of YORK held a public day
Parishioners' by- their own good eNanipleS, 'neither at his Office in the Horse Guards, 4nd gave au-
theclieuces to—
i
artful designs of Schismatics, nor the irreligious vscount Castlereagh.
principl.3s of Jacobites, would have found that ac- Major-General Campbell, upon his leaving town to take
'ciri SopaiiEn., 1 s
CCSS to 'them which they did to so alarming -a de- 1 the command of the Second Brigade of 'Guards, ordered
.
glee.; the co-operation of good precepts and good
upon his leaving town to take the
examples will persuasively succeed upon men's con'irrißandoT trl'ie 471 mi Somerset,
of' CavAlry . - ' ' '
minds; and bar them against the delusions of wicked , ,Colonel Douglas, upon his going to Spain.
deceivers. • • General Sir John Doyle, upon his leaving town to resume
the command in' Guernsey. , ..
N7ith. perfeec esteem for the clerical •chara&er, His Loyal Highness also gave. audiences to a
when it is;with due allowance-to,hunian,infirtnitieS, number of other Officers, previous to their. setting
supported by an exterior, decent yet not ateitere; off for Sp
ain and upon other military business.
by-a gravity not gloomy; by cheerfuluess free from .' Most o' f ti;e'officerS who took leave of the Duke
levity; and a serious perforrmince•ef the sacred/du, tO Spain,
Of YORK yesterday, previqui to their going
ties; `,:i subscribe ' myself- its true' friend, -devoted • - ...
. ..
left town -last night. `'• "
sincerely to that.rnost holy,' august; and strong pil •
lay o, the Constitution, agaiest which" oar Lord Yesterday morning 150 artillery horses left Wool.-
- • • •
Las. declan:d, " tint the crates of hell shall never' ! wich for Portf,mouth; to 'embark tot Spain. On
prevail." • • . ,Monday the sonic number also kit the Warren oti.
NoßFor cuASIS OBSERVATOR, ,„.
th e SZHIU ;iCrViCC ,
: J

We stated a day or two ago, that the People of
Spanish America had, in general, zealously de-
clared in favour of FERDINAND THE SEVENTH,
and that they had resolved to send large con-
tributions to Spain, to support the cause of
patriotism, loyalty, and national independence.—
We have since learned from authority, that the
amount of these contributions is expected greatly to
exceed MI expe&ation, and that in Mexico it had been
resolved that these contributions should be continued
as long as they may be wanted to resist the atrocious
attempt of BuoNAPARTE to bring the Mother coun.,
try under his domination.

GeneralCoTToW,s,ligade otlight cavalry is now'
,embarking at Falmouth ; and General PAYNE'S, of
heavy cavalry, at
.:Port4o4th. ..General ;LIINSIN-•
GEN'S brigade of German
,cavalry will immediately
',follow that olGeneral COTTON at Falmouth. Next,
and before more infantry, it is supposed that Briga-
dier General DORIEN'S, of heavy -horse, will take
place. .General COTTON has served in the 16th light
:•dragoons, and Oeneial PANNE 15 E.,ieutepant-Colonel
of the 23d light dragoons. •
Besjolgs the,three brigades of cavalry:now embark-
ing for
,Spain, ',the brigade oft.orse artillery; com-
manded by Captain IVIToTp.r.o, is embarked, to-
gether with recr!.iits for most of .the regiments in
Spain andPOrtUgal.

On Monday the 3d .(or King's Own) Dragoons,
stationed in 'CanterSury, received orderS to hold
themselves in readiness for immediate embarkation,
and expeet to march for that purpose in the course
of the present Week.
The,o Dragoons (or Qt,'ieen's Bays) have been
ordered to Brighton and Lewes, to do the duty of
the 3a Dragoon Guards, now on their way for em-
barkation. The Queen's ,Bays do not go to Spain,
as erroneously reported.
On Sunday night an Express was sent off by the
Duke of Yo Rk, to the Officer commanding the first
battalions of the 9.,d and 3d . regiments of Foot
Guards, stationed at Chatham, to hold themselves
in readiness for foreign service. The .?cl battalions
of the same regiments, doing duty in London, re-
ceived similar orders yesterday ; they are to march
this day for Chatham. The whole draft is to amount
to about two thousand six hundred rank and file;
they are to be under the command of Major-Gene-
ral CAMPBELL, who had last evening an interview
with the Duke of YORK to receive his orders. They
are to be embarked in a few days for Spain. They
will be put on board lighters, and conveyed down
the River Medway to the transports that are to con-
vey them to their destination.
The Third Dragoon Guards, who were stationed
at Lcwes and at Brighton, last week marched. for
Portsmouth, to embark for Spain. The wife of one
of the privates, who felt much from the loss of her
husband, was, the day after his departure from
thence, taken in labour, and died, soon after her de-
livery, in her miserable apartment in one of the huts
near the barracks, leaving her new-born infant, and
three other children, entirely dependent on humani-
ty ; but the distressing event having soon arrived
to the knowledge of the Officer commanding - the
regiment, on his march, he, greatly to his honour,
'dispensed with the man's foreign service, and sent
him back to the depot at Brighton, for the better
protealion of his helpless infant children, and ap-
pointed another man to the Spanish service in his
stead.

A letter from Oporto, dated November 22, says,
" We have just now learned, that the French troops
have gained some advantages over the Spanish army
at Burgos, and that the French passed through that
town on the 14th, after having defeated the Estre-
madurian Army. We are consequently all much
alarmed, and are on the alert, in making the neces-
sary preparations for rendering all the assistance our
means will afford. An order has been received from
General BERESFOHD, direEting that all the British
troops may be immediately marched into Spain, and
this order has been 'promptly attended to. On the
Igth, the left wing of the 45th marched into this
city, under the command of Major PAT TON, and
yesterday the right under Major GWYNNE ; we are
to proceed in detachments, and are ,to escort provi-
sions by the shortest road towards Spain. We are
busy making preparations for the march."

We have received letters from Prince Edward's
Island to the Ist of November, which state, that
Sir GEORGE PREVOST was, on the 25t1, Ottob,r,
waiting at Halifax the arrival of the 49th Regiment,
from Canada, to sail from thence with the secret
Expedition ; and that Major-General MARTIN HUN-
TER returns from New Brunswick, to take the com-
mand in Sir GEORGE PREVOT'S absence. The Ex-
pedition is supposed to be destined against Marti-
nique.
La Thetis French Frigate, captured by the Ame-
thyst, is to be immediately purchased and fitted for
Tne gallant Captain SEYMOUR is to be ap-
pointed to the command. La Thetis was the largest
Frigate but one in the French service.

It is not wonderful teat the several Continental
Potentates, after what has befallen the Austrian and
Prussian Monarchs, should be afraid to take any open
part in the affairs of Spain ; but it is indeed wonder-
ful that the people of all States do not manifest their
horror and indignation against a Tyrant who, upon
the plea of a 'compulsory consent on the part of
four persons whom he entrapped into his power,
should dare to claim a large country and all its in-
habitants, treat them as rebels, because they ptefer
their lawful Monarch to his upstart brother, and at-
tempt to reduce them to slavery by the means of
desolatton.and carnage. But what must be thought
of Frenchmen, who, after having made so many
dreadful, sacrifices to obtain the phantom of liber-
ty, will suffer themselves to be engaged in so infam-
ous a design, and who, to gratify the unbounded
ambition, of a detestable Tyrant, will, assist Will in
his endeavours to butcher an unoffending, an inde-
pendent, a loyal, and heroic people, to submission.
Blush, Frenchmen, blush, and endeavour to recover
your reputation by turning upon your Tyrant, and
give tranquillity to yourselves and the world at large,
which has so long been disturbed by him and his
ferocious satellites.

ENGLISH GENEROSITY AND FRENCH GRATITUDE•
Soon' after the battle of Vimiera, the conversation
happening to turn upon the snbje& of horses, a
French Officer Toasted that he had obtained a very
fine one in' the following manner : being on the
point of being cut down by an English Dragoon, he
fell on 'his knees and implored compassion. The
Dragoon with the charaEtPristic humanity of an Eng-
lishman, yielded to his prayer, and was in the a& of
gallopping off, when the Frenchman' who had a pis 7
tol concealed dikharged it at the soldier, killed him,
and' mourning his horse, escaped. ,Such is the mo-
dern school of French Offiaers under BUONAPARTE.
WOuld a French Officer, under a pONDE, a.Tts-
BENNE, ora SAYE, have been guilty of such perfidi-
ous ineyatitude ? Yet it .was deemed an admirAble
ruse dewuerre at the table of Jutiot. Our readers
may depend on the truth of this striking trait in thr
character pf ih present race of French Officers,
