CORN EXCHANGE, Nov. :5.

TAR Market to.day is well supplied with
Grain in general ; the fine samples of Wheat,
with a little foreign, keep full as dear, hut much
ordinary litre, that is almost unsaleable ; barley
abd Malt are a little cheaper ; and little aite.
ration in Peaac or Beans ; from the late plenti.
ful Oat arrivals, they are noted,at is. lower; Flour
as our last.

Wheat '445 SU a 6os od Tick Beans -36 s a 39s od
Fine ditto - els a 62$ , oats - - 245 266 A 28s
Rye - 318 3 33% od Poland ditto . 293 a fog 61
Barley - 23$ a 28s 6d Rape Seca - 371 a 391
Malt - 525 a SOS od Fitie flour . Os a 534 oil
%VI-the resit sls a sis ad Sccou4 • - 441 a 48S
Beans . 388 a 4as od

.
..

Mr. Fox, it. was seen on the first day of the
Session of Parliament *as decidedly in opposi.
tion to the Minister: Mr. Sti SUDAN'S Allgotia.
tion has proved ftUitless to bring him over to the
side of Ministry, and that Gentleman himself is
thereby placed in an aukward predicament., He is
pledged to support Mr. ADDINGTON, and he is
solemnly pledged not to desert Mr. Fox,-,—Can a
middle way be found to redetin both pledges •---We -
should think not ; but it is said that Mr. So a at.
DAN means to defend Mr. At:rum:Tors against Mr.
PITT, nvhen No. Pox ;$ not t•etctiti hut always to
side with his old Friends when Mr. Fox is in the
House. He will find himself as Much puzzled as
M. ADD] NnION footed hiMself last year between
" his old Friends and new Allies."—We think bet.
ter however of !slr. Streit t OAN than 'to Oppose he
will follow the Minister's example—he will hardly,
for his new Allies, discard his old Friends, unless
he shall become inoculated by the Minister with
a love of place, which it is proved, at once txtin.
guishes consistency and principle.
At flytiionth on Monday night it blew a most
tremendous gale of wind at S. W. accompanied
by the most loud and dreadful peals of thunder
and vivid lightning experienced there for many
years, the sea in the Sound ran mountains high,
and the bail and rain incessant. At three a. in.
on Tuesday the gale incteaSed, „to a hurricane,
and the thunder and lighdrings awfully grand ; the
Ships in the Sound draggek and firei several -guirr
of distress, but the grounttbeing good they weather-
ed it ; at one period the lightning, was so quick and
vivid that the' whole of Mount Edgecuirare appeared
as if on fire. At 7a. m. the wind veered round
more to the westward, rind the weather became more
moderate; the Men of War rode it out without
damage, only a Sloop was wrecked, all kinds saved,
off theCobler's.Reach, but she-was towed alongside
the Pier Heads, which contributes by their con .
struftion much to the safety of the numerous ship.
I ping in sukton Pool.

Piiitofi OP LANDAFF.

This venerable Prelate has just given to the
world a short Pamphlets which contains the sub.
stance of a Speee.h whiO he intended to have ale.
livered in his place in the House of Peers on the
first day of the,Session of Parliament ; but his Lord.
ship in a prefixed advertisement states, '' that as
he proCieded in the consideration of the subjeft, he
found he could not comprehend in a short Speeco all
that he wished to observe, and' being unwilling to
take up the lime of the House with his Speculations,
he thought fit in the form Oa Pamphlet to give his
Sentiments to the Public." These Sentiments are
such as become the respectable Prelate's Charatter
for Patriotism, Moderation and Virtue, and we
think we cannot better gratify our Readers or serve
the Public Cause than by an adoption of some of
them.
His Lordship begins his intended Speech by
stating his attendance in his place in obedience to
the commands of His Majesty, and in compliance
with his own sense of public dofy. " I, my Lords,"
he rroceeds, " could have -been, well contented
to spend 'the little remainder of my life
.in retire.
ment, and buried in obscurity ; indifferent, alike,
to the calls of professional emolument, and pro.
fessionul ambition : but I cannot be contented to
remain indifferent to the Summons of my Sovereign,
in a time of distress ; deaf to the calls of my Coun.
try, when its existence is endangered.—Endangered
we all know it to be; but where is the dastardly
soul (none such, I am confident, is to be met with
-amongst your Lordships ; none such, I hope, is. to
be met with amongst-any of those in whose heating
I now speak)—where is the dastardly souli who
accompanies his prospeCl of danger, with a feeling
of despair ?
" Without laying claim to any extraordinary de.
gree of courage, any man of an advanced age, who has
wen contemplated the short and slippery course of
this world's concerns, may acquire such a firmness
of mind, as will enable him to sustain with Stoical
fortitude all the vicissitudes of fortune which may
await him; or, (to speak in language more appro.
priate, I am sensible to your Lordships' principles,
more consonant to your feelings, as well as to my
own,) to acquieice, with Christian resignation, in
every dispensation of GOD. What cause can such
a man ever, have for terror and despair ? On such
a man (I here sec_;nany such)--Maraca "wit sever
fortuna.--Vie worst that can happen to any indi.
victual amongst us is death ; and lie who fears to
die in the just defence of his Country, does not de.
serve to live in it. I put the matter at the very
worst, and that worst is nothing : good men do
not dread it, brave men do not shun it, wise men
hourly think of it ; it terrifies none but bad men
and powards. What ground then for our despair ?
our cause is good; our conscience on this point is
clear—we are nut fighting to plunder other men's
property, but to protect our own—we are not fight.
ing to subvert the liberty of other Nations, but to
prevent the yoke of slavery from being fastened on
out necks and on those of our posterity- .we are
no fighting in contempt of National Character, in
despite of the civil order of the world, in derision.
of religion, in mockery of Heaven—No! we are
fighting, to preserve ibis happy Land from Atheism,
tram Despoti an, or Anarchy, from that moral con_
lamination of principle and raraice, which out.
rages the very natiue of humankind.

is But why speak of the, worst, when there is
little probability of the worst happening? To some,
weed, it must happen ; writr gallant men must-
fall in the noble conflid ; but that the Nation will
be subdued is nor to me a pr,)bable event. The
events of War, we. acknowledge it with humility,
and we have abundant reason to acknowledge it
with gratitude and piety, are. in the hands of Gon.
Our duty is to trust the issue of the Contest to Him,
4g it. we were nor concerned in 'bringing it.about—
but it is our duty also to exert our own energy, as
if every thing depended on ourselves. And are we
not doing •this, in a manner and to an extent un.
heard of in homer times, in our own Country, and
unprecedented in the most illustrious nations of an.
tiquity ?
" We read of a law in Sparta which made it death
for a mats to refuse hazarding his life in the defence
of h's Country, We have no such law ; but we
have something a thousand times better than such a
law ...we have a British spirit. That spirit is now
roused, it pervades the whole Country, it animates
the Nobility, Gentry, Yeomanry, all orders and
descriptions of men, to do that voluntarily, which
even Spartans were compelled 'to do by the fear of
punishment-. Every city, town, and village, from
the Land's End to the Orkney Islands, pours forth
its voluntary Legions in defence of their Country
anti of their King.
It Glorious and unexampled on the Surface of
the earth is His Majesty's situation 1 Other hinces
there are who reign over more extensive regions—
other Princes there are who support their Thrones,
in times of Peace, by more numerous Armie's ; and
exercise over their tobjetts a more tin..m.tet. sway.
But where is the Prince, in Europe, or in 'the world,
who, in the day of danger, sees himself proteeted
as His Majesty is, by the united efforts of all his
Peopleby the persons of those who are able' to
wield a weapon -by* the prayers of the,' aged trod
of the sex—by the purses of the richand..by, the
hearts. of all ? Surely all this is wdl—it does
. honour to the King, it does equal honour to the
People: They knbw for whom and for what they
expolie_ their lives—they know that they are not
miserable tonscrios, driven in .vhains to be saeri-
- fieed oh the altar of an ambitious Leader, whom
they detest; but loyal subjeas, voluntarily encoun.
tering danger for a legal and beloved Monarch anti
nut for...hisn only, but for themselves ; for the pre.
servatiOn 'Oita limited Monarchy_ which it the
primary snuice of all the blessings they enjoy as
members of Civil Society.

" Is any one ignorant of these blessings ? Does
any one think that he has nothing to fight for, that
his condition, is so mean and uncomfintable that,
let what will happen, it cannot become worse under
any Constitution which may take place ?
taken man
go And see if thou cant find in France
a trial by jury-ik-an Habeas Corpus AA—an incur.
rum administration of Jiw ice—an equality °flaw--
a iecurity of life and property--..A rmcbiai ni3"

~:\~
~ ~~~
. ~'~~

• .h ttnance for my oath arA in ut
whA age Or micitleoir lossl titittersed
the arm of industry t filestings these! *kith the
(Ilene/it Fn lishoi,tri co literally enjoyai that he is
apt to overlook them ; which the greatest Fr&ch.
Men 60 eagerly desire, that they will, erelong,
t+ ith swords in their' hands detrvind theme The
Soldiery of France, nf Holland, Switzetlandi
ghitted at length with *laughter, satiated with
'twitter will ere long begin to he ashamed' officeri
and men) of the part they have ailed in this Revo.
Intionary Tragedy of the World ; they will at
length make an atonement fur the mischief they
have dotie, and snap at once the despotic chains,
which in a fit of Eglion, passion; atilt insanity, they
have contributed to isnitost on their respedivs
Couniries,"

His Lord Ship recomniernis sortie aciaitionit Meal
of defence, which ate certainly well worth ieflOtti
attention;

" In the first place then, my Lords,ii says he;
" I am of opinion, that the first class of the people;
adopting the division prescribed by a late Ad of
Parliament, should be called out and taught the Use
of arms, not merely as, a temporary eipedient to
answer the present exigency; but annually continued
•as a permanent measure of the Executive Govern,
ment. Unwise and alefeaive is that policy, whiCh
is occupied iri devising remedies for present evils;
without extending Its views to prevent the recur.
fence of danger.: I read_ly join in the general praise
so justly given to the Volunteers; but this Coat,
mercial Nation ought so fir to become A IViiliter#
Nation; es always to have within itself a 'sufficiency'
of men ready disciplined foi its defence. This may
be completely efFeded fuc the present occasion In A.
short time; and when the pressure of the present Ot.
casion is removed; it may be established as a per.
manent measure in the 'course of six years; without
giving any sensible interruption to our agriculture,
our manufadures, or out commerce.

" The population of the Country would annually
supply, at least, fifty thousand youth+, who in the
preceding twelve months had attained the seven.
teenth year of •their age ; in six years we should
have three hundred thousand young men sUfficiently
instruated in the use of arms. In the seventh years
fifty thousand of them might be di,atissed, as eiro.o
riti, from further attendance on military duty, ex,
cept when the'Country was invaded. Thus by a
slight service of a few day. annually for six years.,
the whole Nation (for no Substitutes should in this
arrangement be allowed) woaki at length become a
Nation, nor of Warriors, but of peaceful Citizens,
of all occupations and denominations, ready to be-
come Warriors, whenever the satery of their Coun.
try should require the exertion of their skill and
courage. Neither France alone, nor France with
all Europe in her Vassulage, synitid venture to set
foot on this Island thus prepated to receive them*:
Great Britain, single handed, would defy the world.
" I own I prefer this Militia Rotation, if I may
so call it, which I have submitted to your Lord:
ships' consideration, not only to the Voltioteeting
System, but to every other Mode of cktraordinar)
defence. It would not supersede the Standing
Amy, it would be subsidiary to it, and might
greatly assist in rectuitin,,o the ranks of the regu.
lar fortes, and perhaps in diminishing their number:
Some men are apt to speak of every species of Mia
WA. force with contempt ; this has been always Ott
case: Lord Clarendon in one part of htt History
speaks in a most disparaging style of the London
Trained-Bands t but lie is farted to do thern justice
in another, where he informs tat, that they cou.
tageolisly resisted with their pikes the cavalry of
Prince Rupert, though led on by himself and there.
by saved the army at the battle of Newbury. It
was by a force of this kind that the Romans first
conquered Italy, and then the world. And, in
our time, a force of this kind captured a must gala
lane army at Saratoga, and thereby acquired lode.
pendence for America.
" I forbear, my Lords, entering into any detail
on this subject; the very mention of which may
appear to some to be a going beyond my Province.
But the—se tutor rihra trrkidam—the Iratlext
brilia fabri—the, let Bishops mind their Bibles--
these, and sarcasms such as these, front whatever
mouth they May proceed, aired not me ; nor ought
they to affeat any honest man, who is dealrous to
setvd hit Country by his advice--The advice may
be worth nothing, but your Lordships' candout
will, I am persuaded, suffer the tealtude of the
Speaker's intention to sanctify the imbecility of his
judgment.
I rely upon that candour, and proceed to men.
tion a second mean of extricating the Country
from its present danger, and of preserving it from
• all future apiarehension of danger. The mean I re.
commend is—the payment of the National Debt,
at least of that part which has been added to it by
the seven years War, by the American War by the
last War, and by this.

4.1 This woolci he an ati of Magnanimity .Worthy
of antient Rome—lt would o:Cmd that which Rome
itself displayed after the battle of Canwor-,--She ex.
peaed Hannibal at her gates, but she did not de-
spair ; she redo-ibted her' means of defence. We
expect France on our 'shores to attack us with her
forces, onto bankrnpt us by expense What does
Britain -1* She prepates. to resist her forces, and she
determines to pay her
,deht;- France will be dun).
derstruck at her oWti temerity, in attempting to
subdue a Nation possessed ofluch resources. Europe
will be astonished at This noble sacrifice of private
Wealth to rublit want—America will rejoice in
the vigour •of her aged: parent—and no Nation in
the World will-dare, for a century to come, to
• disturb the peace-of a People which would have it
h credit for four or five hundred millions on
the commencement of HOstilit les." •

M. Sentirrt, a Member of the Parisian NAtionat
Institute, has discovered that Gelatine, in A statt of
purity, is a febrifuge greatly bltptriOr to OLiin.
quina.

Yesterday tnwning, on Ili: dismounting of t!le
Kiog's Guard, a min reeely d 200 I,tsiirs in the
Birdeage.walk, for desertion. He tni2inAlly
esl in the 341 Regiment of Foot Guatil., tmcn %%16c,,
he deserted, and eniiiited in the Army of lteserv..,

deserted tru►t tli t, And eldiSttd in the R

filel3,

rti

~~ '.
~•..
~,

~,

}

r~,

Lt.?. 41'.11jC...R.;ArCARIgn 1 ,• !
7-1t1644:1i „
is RENetti;
ist.l2;:t.:3lV.C4tirt wits foi ihree:lmurs;,and a, half occu.'",
vied tirc ilicols'siorrof Titiest ian' upon the Case cif
s•togke point was. this :4
o,,,Ae.i:teiotin'iloriwgeliEcorrie insolvent e.tiled his eredil.
kogatlier Ailey ',avec& to take a- givewsuin in
e/thilroutuii• aria 'to allow:4411y time% to,pay ,that
oftitteCreditors refused to come into the corn.
,Irptiiitiottitikiesa the Delitcir 'could'lnd hint the secu!.
periont tharthit compoisition money
. when' it bccame .The 1)ebtO1
. .

.., proeyrethhitn! that-Security, a:third person:did gnu:
iraineg.thevaymerrt of that sum when it became due.
The question then was, Whether this*gur,rantee—of
tit tltifOliersOrt, that the money. .should -be paid at
talieltiMe -itipuluted; -by the ilaukrtirt„ was.or was
not equivalent to a sum of money received :by such
....0 gre,d4or.i.,ft,lr, if sc%, that wars, in contemplation of
~. ,Vl.l, .-,AI itIAIJ Upot) the, . other .Cretittors----The
-. upE1,461.,-1116at this. additional srcutity of a third
v-ReFsntiiif,Acri.,t9 thisittle Creditor, was pl.a,cing
.111413,1r1,11iett,art sitnat,ion, than the rot of, the, Credi;
tAgitt...aP.:rOkull, ......if,lirhad sum of a su of money
~Act..3gree 41,), Ow CEm.posit.on, and, therefore 'a fratki •
eiiiwil the.f,Rth.s.c...ltedit.prs.„.

•. ,

NOUlsii v. PARKWR.
s was:a Motion for a new. Trial. It .was an
iiirY'Upon a Policy of Insurance to recover a cutn
trf rnoroly,:ibr grinds that: were vi Raged, find pl un-
:leredlitlt of a Dattiili ship.—The Policy was from
London...to lltreeloria,•andtLe plunder wasco4unitted
in the :tietrrFe of,..that voyags.,, near the Coast of
Africa. The vessel .was ,attacked :and robbed by
pirateg,- who, after having taken away all they ,
arty v.thre, tether proceed on her voyage.
„trAvas prayed:that tile-ship at this time
.wits tailing
with ballast onlyil buti.that the Plaintiff, who is a
Dattei.hail put slups ,a4d other .articles secretly on
but which were. trot regularlyclearedat: the
Cuirtrun.kuuse.—Seteral 'tradesmen were called 'to
pinvt at the Trial that theyiltad'sold thesediffrent

stticlevol slops, .&c.- to the: Plaintiff, 'and ibe Jury
foun.li a Veralift for. the'•Plaintiff.,•.A' motion was
inaAef.oc a ne 'trial,. on the ground drat the whole
of , this Case was a Fraud upon the Under,write,r.—
Mr.,GAattow had piC)Credeci "a; certain length in
shelving Cause againa this, Rule flir a. new Trial,
*hen;

' 'the git tir Itr s.r. lc: rt•s ;lid', tinir -Ae Cottit were
or of;iiiinn. ituii-it. cOnsiderd6le degt.e*Ol.doubt rest-
t d--ort this 'Cise,' artcl v. that they , re' disposed to
•afit' a nt.k trial; 'oil Condition the rnotteyishoold
be .broo9hr into Cotirt.--lule absoluei aecbrdingly.
. • ~.
.Mr. On4it.g.e made a motion .rtzlinst an Aitor.
.7,
*icy ,k,f.the c ourt, wtose Tl;trllc }lc OW not metition,-
for, ii iliac fo she.tv, cause why be should .not 1,4).
....-. . ~ • „
•RvArlaicortsitteraille sum il illQiiey noder
,thetie fir.
C.Phittncei : .Nl4,,rtr,s. Mit t.ro, li•toker, hod ad.
lylitliCs4 4tia,ri`lid large tOlll5 pi motley, (gr Gentle.
ps9.9f the nitmeof §prig.r., AtAast.thcse C.;..title.:
isrlitit,F.:•tate,,s Vi' e r ..:., oriler 61 ,to he
.s,ohl for the re;
Or.' ,t,lielit t,t 11.i,,tioney, a: d
.they heiitg„.ahroad at.
Tiviro,:, gav,t,, a, Wotan( at Attorney tO this pro-
stppril C.titiclnan, to sell ,hc'kstates for
them,
.R-4, -to ~.r:-ive the money. kle ~,Id the Estates ac.
ca,rlip&,, , ...ti. I,C received the ro mcy, artd re.)eat.
e'illy yrotti,..c.; tie Ntartios, the 11.,p,k,t.'s and-Crtdi...
t:-,,,., .. ...1,..'•,.,. Sbnger, to.,gi*e. I
t.tent the mun,ey,
.
but ,I er w; RI ,`i. ~ tor ntM retond on like sod.lett, and e...
Lisi.,l to ,a.. 11, ',,,i, , that he was nut de in pay..
11,',',' it t.) ,ii.,, bit tiw Nle:i•,rs. So&er,, on whose be:
hail It,. 1,:,d re,..o.Ncd. it, and they were not here .16 •
0r41..r hint, 4ti:ihil!„ i)!:i now ,kept the Inaney in hiA
igtd,....,:t, • .' . . .

were decidetlly of, orinion they could
notrintttriore try, a huilvotary way ag.ilmt this ttor.
ttey4: tietaiued the Iminey tut-01%644s ito
ail might l,‹ brought agaiust-bitu.
Ritle.rttused. ' .
