DUELLING.

The case of an Officdr being called out by a Private of
'Colonial Militia at Antigua has created much observation in
the Leeward Islands. The following Order has in consequence
been issued

"ANTIGUA, JUNE 9,1 H
ccMlLl'T'fAOr!itlltAL 0111)%101.

" 1. The Captain-General has learned with equal surprise
and regret, that a Cement of Brigade of Artillery has permitted
himself to go out and tight a duel with a private of the same
corps, who toes most unwarrantably soight a quarral.with him,
upon no other grounds than his havinr faithfully Aliseharged
ins duly as President of Regiments Court-Mertish under
the sentence of wlikh the inireto trill iegntly and deservedly
suffered punishment.
" 2. It is obvious that such proceedings cannot fail to be
Plzbveni:vs of all discipline in the Militia, and eventually to
destroy as establishment so essential to the security of the
country.; for it would be at once absurd anti unfair to expect
that officers can enforce subordination, and perform strictly and
effectually their various duties, under the penalty of answer-
ing for that pertOrmance sown as that parade shall have been
dismissed, at the provocation of any individual in the ranks,
who may choose to consider himself aggrieved, and seek re.
venge upon his officer in personal insult and outrage.
3, The Captain-General is confident diet the truth of this
position must strike every one to whom he addresses himself
with conviction: there is an end of all military rule, if the
Alai's must personally meet the private soldiers upon points
of duty. The existence of the Militia is at stake in this ques-
; mil for itapreserystion,' he exhorts the officers of the
Oink:hotly flit in general, and of the Brigade of Artillery in
paitienlar4 ur enter: into is joint resolution, That no officer,
under ssitii,eircOntstiteces as have been described, shall think
iiiinaelf warranted in going 'out to light a duel, and that this
I,:trdeti' Opinion and'resolution of the Whittle shall bear the re-
A4f the individual stshorw.
4, -No man can or has it right to question the courage of
the (Aileen of the' of .Antigoo t and. the Captain-Gine-
nil, entirely convinced et 'his, .aohrunly calls upon them to
abstain from proofs of it, so mischievous to the interest of
their country, and to adopt the line el conduct which he has
suggested.
" By command of his Axcellency the Captain_Generai,
(Signed) " WILLIAM MUSGRAVE,"

JAMAICA INTELLIGENCE.

( From Me Jamaica Courant of the 18th of June.)

44 We were on Wednesday in possession of very
unpleasant tidings that have transpired ,regarding the proceed-
ings of the slaves on Argyle Estate, in Hanover. We were
yesterday put in possession of the following account old
woman, attached to the Argyle Estate, informed Mr. Malcolm
that the slaves on the property intended to set fire to the trash-
house. The Maroons were suspected of being concerned, but
had not openly joined. A notice of this alarming circumstance
had been dispatched to his Grace, who on Wednesday sent his
Military Secretary over to the Commander-in-Chief with the
intelligence. We are informed his Excellency has ,taken mea-
sures to reinforce the militia in this disturbed quarter. Two
companies of the Hanoverian regiment had marched.
" Since writing the above, we have been permitted the per-
usal of those letters from the parish of Hanover, which, we are
inclined to believe, state, that the slaves on Argyle Estate, ha-
ving been promised Saturday for themselves, resisted working
on that day when call A ant, on which the overseers-punished a
general discontent was the consequence
arenwd,raerutfrtearging A
'tlie trash-house of a 'neighbouring - estate, they
absmnded into the woods : many had since returned, and the
whole woo expected to follow, when tranquillity was shortly
expected. We hive heard that the /Arno ftigate was to be
held in redinttss to take trOops on hoard, in the event of the
ebullition. resuming a decided character. We earnestly hope
o the news of the negroes having re-
sttlini
their
and subordination. If we may
ier wr t
o.
isl will
judge from thi prOate letters we bore seen, considerable alarm
appears to exist throughout the parishes of St. James and Han-
over. The following hand-bill lifts' been' circulated at Mon-
tego Bay

" Montego Day, Jane ,15, 18.2.1. •
" Otrie fItiNDRED AND FIrTY PW,I.Mts Ete,Atto.--
The above reward is ottere'd by the'Vestry of the parish of Si.
James to any Negro Slave, or to tiny person or persons, who
*llllll .apprehend, or cause
,to be apprehended, and conveyed
to may gaol, or military' post, any and each of the ringleaders.
who have been, or are now, concerned in the rebellious-con-
duct at present existingtin the perishes of St. James. and Ilan-
over t and the sum of ' two doubloons, for-the apprehension of
any Nego who lass been certainly engaged therein.
" THOS. JOSI,PII tiltElt,' C. V."
tiINGSTON,'JUNEI7.-
I3IPORTA NT—(CoMm greaTnin.)
Intelligence of the nature we arc about to communicate,
should always be published with the greatest precaution : how
far it may be true we know not, but we sincerely hope there
may berm foundation for the alarm.; we, however, think it
our duty to lay the facts before our renders as we received
them.
An express arrived at the King's-house in Spaniel Town
yesterday morning about ten o'clock, brought by a trooper
front Hanover, the object of which was to acquaint the Execu-
tive that the negmes on Argyle Estate in that parish, had re-
belled anti attempted to murder .the overseer, he with great dif-
ficulty escaping. The militia of that parish, we understand,
has been called out and are now under arms. An express was
sent front the Executive at two o'clock, P.M. yesterday, to Sir
John Keane, •Alajor-General Commanding, and the trooper
who had brought the intelligence, was, at the time our inform-
ant left Spanish Town (five P.M.), waiting the 'return of the ,
General's answer. •We ate very sorry, sorry indeed to add,
that. the Accompong Toten Maroons have been implicated in
the conspiracy on the oath of wirer !dock man.
KINGSTON, .11TNE 15.---We understand that the gang of ne-
grecs who preferred a complaint before the Sitting 31tepstrates
of,this city, for misusage on die pare,of the.owner, was on Tues-
day sent •off to Spanish Town, under charge of one of the City
Guards: On reaching the outskirts-of the city, with one accord
they, all. sat down, anti declared .they, would not. leave King-
ston t in this dilemma two slaves of this city camp forward, and
attempted to rescue the party froth the Constable in charge,
who immediatelyyetreated through the streets to the Guard-
house, anti on representing the obstruction he bad met with,
an order was given to lodge the two slaves who had interposed,
in the cage', Which was carried into effect.
Yeaterd the refractory gang was placed tit a waggon,, um,
der charge of a strong.party, and again dispatched to Spanish
Town.
orrox, Jt: NE 17.—We are-.informed, that when the
Duke of York-left Trinidad, thelanded'proprietors had assem-
bled in Port of Spain, and were anxiously waiting to hear the
Order in council promulgated by heat of drum. 7 he town was
crowded, and the inhabitants ins state of most gloomy discon-
tent, and fearful foreboding. We understand there was a una-
nimous and resolute determination to disobey certain Clauses
of the Order in Council, which, if carried-into eflitt, must be
ruinmps to the Colony ;, anti one of which, as hir.• Burnley.
very justly remarked on a former occasion, would virtually
041611 slavery t • Wi• 'feel Interested • for Trinadad on another
score, having learned Mat thin tiovetnor hart permitted a large
number of the free cultured men w'land there, who had been
transported ,rpm Martinique' for having been engaged in a
treasonable conspiracy.

XTIIACT OF A I.ETTEII FrIONI I.IICF.A. IN IfANOVER,
• nATrn Tut! 14TH JuxN, 1824.
.

" F sin sorry to tell you that this neighbourhood is in rather
an unpleasant state of alarm, in consequence of the Negroes
9itheAtrig,fis;ates (not twenty miles ,froth this) having left off
work, anit run Intl the woods. They have burned two or three
trash-houses, #na prrißtiome provisions, &c. The Militia
are callettott t. Two enmintrileteolfilhe Hanover Iteghnent left
this last night for Argyle, where, I h?lieVe, the butitness corn.
nienced. I understand a company of the 33d are sent from
Maroon Tewn:te the scene of action. Argyle, Chester Otstle,
Alexandria, Golden Grove, and Mount Pelier, are mentioned
as being in the most disturbed state. 1 have not heard of any
loss of lives yet." 1..

Ex.rnacr OF A LETTER inom BLACK lIIVER, pa.Tria
JUNE 16.
46 We i e are. n a state of anxiety here, from several troopers.
having arrived from Hanover and St. James's, with dispatches,
to
Our Colonel. Report says that a conspiracy, most exten.
sire In theplot, plot, And nearly ready for action, has fortunately
been discovered, and for the present prevented. The head-
quarters appear to have been fixed at Argyle Estate, and a
regular organization of the slaves, in conjunction with the ne-
groca on that estate, were established at Chester Castle, Wind.
sor Forest, Alexandria, &c. • At Alexandria some of the
buildings have been taint., The militia in that quarter are on
duty, anti our regiment are in hourly expectation of being
called out."
EXTRACT OF A. LETTER FROM MONTEGO BAY, DATED
JUNE 15.

"We are all in a state of the greatest possible ,• alarm. A
deep laid
plot has been discovered on the estate near our line,
in. Hanover, eight hours previously to its breaking, out : the
consequence is that the negroes on the leading
.cstatcs .(Argyle
and Chester Castle) have absconded and gone Into the woods ;
the whole of them, with the exception of some old women. It
ie most extensive: it commenced on the border* of St. James's,
and a train of communication has been traced down to the
" The Argyik
41-raertrlltland.
negroei were to commence by murdering Mai.
colm, their master, and afterward* all the white people .1. to
proceed to burn every thing that wimid burn, and to continue
their proceeding from one estate to another. On Alonday, in
the deed of the :Ot, two 'trash-houses were burnt to the
ground on Alexandria estate, one of Alalcoles properties._
'rho military are oat. A requisition. from the St. James's
Magistrateo to Mind 'Moffitt' at Falmouth, for, fifty men,
to be sent from Maroon Town -here, (for not one soldier have
we, though excellent new barracks) has been refused to be
crrioli I ant m this onient ordered to march, and the
clll,lott:tt
y tn.ith. which I am attached. The following'
in open rehelliont—Argyle, Golden Grove,' '1
Si Grove,
Chester Castle, Alexindrut, and RatnilleesPen, and every. ap.
pearance at the estates are
,Montpeliers. Three htindred armed men are
in the woos,"
EXTRACT- OF .4. ilirrEll TOONE SAVAI.4I4AI.I.I.A.DIAII. &AMU

I)A'3' E,

. , , ..... . ,
" Expresses ItiliVett on rSdturtiai, from Hanover, anti
Placed lametile., night on -- Estate. The negroes on Ar.
gYle and Alexandria Estates in Hanover
,set fire to the estates,
and were just going to murder the 'Whites, when one of them
ran and informed his master, just in time to escape."
" ') I!" 17.--The Governor and Council met yesterdny, and
havel"nce hid several communications with Sir John Keane."
In addition tit the above, we learn that his Excellency Sir
John Kean?, K.C.It., theCOnintander of the Forces, had sent
ori i.ll,l,tritettens fur the troops to Oe placed under the orders of
the '"giaincy of the Tartish of Hanover. A privy council
was summoned hihis Grace the-I-hike Of Manchester, to meet
on ThUrttlity, June 17, the day the moil was closed.
ri,o4- A PILIVATPLETT ER or I:I,I,SAII.E,DATT,.

. _
," I am sorry to inform you that, all the hopes of tranquillity
"id' we had entertained from the judicious arrangernenti-of
the Governor, are extingurshO, and that we are again thkeat,
cued with the horrors of insurrection. The slaves on two
estates have risen, and the example will certainlT be followed
it'somethinl is not done to ameliorate their condition, purpount
to the dirdettons of the British Government. OM. planters ap.
pear to forget that the negroes are partially enlightened, and,
that mere promise* of amendment arc not Nufficient. The
whip, too, that dreadful engine of coercion, is too much used
on Hont9. of the ouatem, as will he fOund the case in the present
instance. We are withoot any intelligence to-day, except what
cones to Government, aml which you will find in theCouront;
but yesterday there were se eras letters from the neighbour.'
hood of the insurgent estates, in which great alarm is mani-
fested. The few wise and moderate men who are here talk of
petitioning the British Government to send out Commissioner*
u) settle the tlifrerences between the slaves and their masters,

Something of this sort, indeed, must be done, if they hope to
preserve the colony ; for although these ebullitions may be
quelled from time-totime, yet so long as the half enlightened
negro and the violent planter are left to their own passions,
there can be no hope of permanent tranquillity."
( From the Kingston .Chronicle of June 10.)
EXTUACT OF A LETTER Ilto3l PANAMA, DATED MAY 20.
"The Aurora, Captain Prescott, with specie from San
Blaa, arrived at Guayaquil the latter end of March, and was
to call at Lima on her way house.
.Cantarac, the Itiixigist
General, %v.:is posseision of -Lima'. the Patriot force:Oka
Patavileg, one hundred and twenty odes distant.," Bolivar,. Whiv,
is declared_ Supreme Dictator, 114,1,g0ne Trokilloto form
some sort of order amongst the authorities, as Torre Tagle,
the late President, joined the Royalists on their entering I.iura.
It is not likely a battle will take place very soon, the Colom-
bians acting on the defensive, the Royalists being no much su-
perior in number, Bolivar was in expectation of reinforce-
ments to the amount of 7,000 or HMO men by the Middle
of May. •On their arrival, little doubt is entertained of thst
issue being the liberation of the whole of Peru. Owing to
this unsettled state, business
,is very doll throughout the
Pacific, nor is it expected to itif.prove until the-fate of Peru is
decided. Four American vessels direct had arrived in ustya.
quil. Flour, which had been selling at 35 dollars, fell to tt ;
British cotton goods equally low in prices, and very little in
demand.- Much disappointment was felt in Panrna, as
large shipments had been made to San Bias, and remittances
expected by the Aurora. By the logger liermona Petrenilla,
armed from that port, letters were received stating that no Sales
could be effected, from the ttnaettled state of Mixico,'and the
principal-merchants (the old Spaniards) being ordered to quit
the country. it is expected that money to large amounts, doe
to merchants in Panama, will be shipped to Jamaica, by the
way of Tampico."

CIIAIU. Fa OF Al

WOfteESTER ASSIZEA, Atrop3•r 3.
Befikre Mr. PARK.

. . .
Mary halfpenny, aged 30 years, the wife ore farmer, stood
indicted for the wilful murder of 'Airy Walton.
Mr. Cnoss stated thecae to the Jury. He said the prisoner
was the wife of a farmer, residing in the parish of llockleton, in
this county. The deceased was a young woman, an orphan,
who was an hired servant, and-was employed by tie prisoner in
doing domestic offices, and in agricultural labour in the tiehle.
On the 19th of 'March last, the deceased was coming from a
Mt-nip-field, carrying a heavy.load of turnips, when the prisoner
beat her with the butt end of a haunting whip ; she fell, and the
violence seas repeated while she lay on the ground. "%Viten she
got up, the prisoner beat her again. She then went to bed, and
got up next morning, when site was Again beaten by the pri-
soner. In the course of the dity she became very drowsy, pro.
biddy arising from an injury in the head, and in the course of
that day she, expired. The prisoner wished to get the 'eddy
buried as soon as she could, and when questioned uy the Cler-
gyman of the starlet) es to the time the deceased died, she va-
rted in her story ; at one time'she said the girt died on Friday,
and afterwards on Saturday and Sunday mornings. The girl
was buried, but In consequence of some suspicious circum.
stances, the body was disinterred, and an invest held there-
on, and the issue of that inquiry occasioned the present pro,
ceed ing.
• Thos. Walton, brother of the deceased; ..id that she was for
three years in the employ of the Halfpennys,
Margaret Jay, a parish apprentice in the employ of the hus-
band of the prisoner, stated : I have lived three years with the
prisoner ; the deceased lived with her more time three years ;
she workd in the fields and at time* in the house. On the
Friday before the died she was bringing a basket of turnips
from the field to the'house, and the prisoner said, " won't you
take them into the house ?" The deceased was' weak in the
back, and with difficulty carried the turnips ; she dropped
them. The prisoner said to the deceased, " you will pick
them up, wontyson ?" and gave her cuts with a whip all the
time she was picking them up.—(A large hunting whip was
produced.)—Slle struck her violently. The deceased asked
me to assist her in earl leg the basket of turnips ; I tried, but
tie l'ashltuotnad
into
e shoulders
thoeuldhunuoste,haftmti gheanyLe
her
side, and back. The prisoner desired me to hold one of the
i 1 e
four prisoner o r five drbolvoew s Mary
on
'deceased's arms, and she held the, ether, and we pulled her
'nuq the kitchen, and the prisoner beat her again as she lay on
the ground to make her' j=et up. The deceased died on Satur-
day night on Sunday morning. The deceinted endeavoured to
go up stairs and .fell- fermi weakness, and the prisoner
.whipped
1 ' again. l' AY/ the prisoner with the gown, pinafore, and
ter : •
stockings of the deceased,- which she washed at the draw-well.
In the course of the day the deceased complained of soreness,
At five o'clock on the following morning I got up ; the prisoner
'said, " is not Mary up yet ?" 1 said, no ; she got a holly
stick, and saidi'll fetch her down, and she went up stairs, and
heat the tteceaeoelVlth the stick ; the deceased complained of
the injury, afp went to Led again, and was very ill; the pri-
'saner boiled some cider cordial that night, and took it up to
the deceased; I went up to the room where Mary Walton was
with my mistress, after the master and two children had gone
to, bed, my mistress took up, a can of camomile tea; Mary
illilton was in bed, undressed ; the prisoner put some canto-
mile tea in a spoon to Mary Walton's mouth, but she could
not get it into it ; she could not speak, but I heard a sort of
sound ; she looked at me all the time ; when the girl could,
not take It, the prisoner, who had raised her up, gave her a
push down in the bed, and said, " the next I brings thee, thee
'shall take ;" the camomile was bought from Mrs.Ueorge ; the
prisoner told rue not to tell Mrs. George, when' I went forlt,
that Mary W. wits very ill, but that she had only got a cold ; 1
Aid not see that she had a cold ; I lay on the bed by the the.
ceased all n ht;' with my clothes on; my mistress told me,
`"'den's yoc till the clothes off her, for she is in a nice
le
'awed:" dutf i g the night Mary Walton did not move, as I
ifelt ; 1 did not know she was then dead ; there was no light
'left in the room during the night I, my mistress called me be-
tween five and six o'clock on Friday morning; I got up, and
went to my mistress's bed-aide, and she told me to go and ask
Mary how she was I I then went and put my finger against her
cheek ; I found it cold ; I shook her, and then returned to my
mistress and told her. She was lying in the same place in the
morning where I saw her on the overnight. I said, " she is
dead, mistress;" my mistress replied, " she is not, is she ?"
and said, " go and- call your master, and tell him to get up
directly." My mistress got up and boiled some water in a
kettle, and put it into a pail and took it up stairs; I did not go
tip stairs; no person came in to assist in laying out the body.
.my mistress told me to tell the gentlefolks, it' I was asked,
" diat my master went up to assist her in washing and laying
out the body, anti that my mistress said she knew no one in
the' parish she could send for." My master did go into the
room. I observed one, of Mary Walton's eyes was black all
round ; I !Mew at that time how it happened, and I told the
Coroner at Hanbary, but I have forgot it now. About a week
blue befocruet shheer died.
oti the
About obue
at
da fwoirtti;
tiig
before, I saw my mistress strike Mary Walton on one eye with
her list ; we were washing at the time ; I saw the blow given ;
the
elt eiybeeofforteheehde'cedeifted, my mistress
sed w
as
a lath.—Cross-exeimined by 3lr. CurtWOOD:-1 lived three
years with these people; Mary Walton lived there more than
three ears; I believe she told me, that In March last, she
hired for another year, but I am not sure; she told me she had
two' pounds , a year .wages. When my mistress was angry
about the turnips, on the Friday manning, she beat thedeceased
with awhip; the deceased did not say she wanted a doctor, but
have
sk telling:ni.coatrsebtry.e.....ein:y ite rlew
Japusensrosoontni
sometimes
i nlaibei oisauivtiel this
the
been
l e
she complained of being sore all over. I have been with Mr.
Gray, a schoolmaster, at Tenbury, since I left my mistress • I
Tenbury is four miles from my mistress's house, anti no doctor
b affairae beatenkitchen, s inr
ec el eI a
wtleei t'llrelt
when
by my mistress about my head and shoulders, I gen show the
us,we wane bate
cire
she
eut ;
)Ilti he
illiuresclsecadwloleulatudo lien
sswsliiieen
Isitkieed,weassidbematainkge
us do our duty. I remember the deceased drawing, water
about a week before her dead) ; I do not remember that the
handle of the windlass slipped and struck her on the head ; I
do not know that I have said • so twiee.—Mr. Justice. PAM: :
Yes,, you have.—lte-examined : My mistress told me lo tell
the gentlefolks, if they asked me how it happened, that the
girl was winding up water at the well, and the windlass came
against her head.—By the JUDGE : My mistress told me also
to tell the gentlefolks, that the deceased scratched her arms
with a piece of brass ; I did swear befose the Coroner that I
saw the handle strike the deceased's' head,' and that she was
also sick, • and reached very much, but that was not tree.
James Preece : I lived at Mrs. Halfpenny's at the time the
deceased lived there ; I remember she had a black eye ; it was
;
caused by a blow of the windlass • t I heard the last witness say
so, but not the deceased.—By the JUDO It r I heard the parish
girl say so the week before the deceased died.
Witness continued : The prisoner is my 'mother ; I saw Mary
Walton on ,the Friday before she died ; she was very body
I saw her again on Friday. night ; site was then very ill ; I
did not see her after; I- never heard the prisoner say any
thing about what Mary WalteUdied of.—Judge: Be cautinutt';
though the prisoner is your mother, you are sworn toepeak the
truths. .
Witness: The prisoner told me on the Sunday that the de.
Ceased died of a fever; there was no fever in the :house, .sI
heard of...—Cross-examined : The last witness is the parish
girl 1 allude to; I never saw- the primer strike the girl with
e stick or whip,e...---fly the Judge: I have seen the prisoner
strike•the dist:cased with her han The deceased had a black
eye a weekebefore site died, and it was then the last witness
said to me that the deceased had been struck with a windlaiie.
Thomas Davies__l was sent for on the Monday sfter the
death to see deceased; I saw Mrs. IlairPennY ; she said Vine.

thing smelled very strongly ; and there was something ors
fever of which the deceased died; i was to tarry the deceased
.
to her grave on the Tuesday following.
By the Juno worked for Mrs. Halfpenny during the-
week on which the girl died. I never saw the prisoner strike
the deceased, or any of het girls, with a whip or stick I
worked in the barn during Friday, and beard no cry of mur-
der or screaming; 1 saw the deceased on Friday morning, and
there was no noise or scolding going on then ; I saw MaCY
W
Walton on Thursday evening working in the turnip-field, and
afterwards she was knitting.
John Edwards, examined by 31 Caoss-4 wa4o laboureri
'in Mr. Halfpenny's employ threeniontlis agot
Mr. Justice PARK—Really, Mr. Cross, you ought not to go
so far back as three months before the girl's death. Bring
your examination into sonic reasonable compass of time. • %VII
did you not put a count in your indictment Of a long course Pe
ill usage ? •
Mr. C tense. My Lord, I will confine myself to a short period
. before the death. . - _

.....
Rev. Mr. officiated at the pariah church for about
fortnight at the time of the girl's death; rwent on the Monday
after to inquire if any person was dead, as I had heard a rumour ;
Mn. Halfpenny told me Mary Talton was dead; I asked it!r. .
what she died of ? she replied that she was afraid it was of a
very bad infectious fever; I asked her if she had had medical
.advice; she said she had not; I asked her why she had not.
and her answer was that she thought there was no danger
asked her how long the girl had been ill, and she said, " that
she failed on or about Thursday or Friday ;" I asked her how.
long the girl had been dead, and she replied, "
Friday
morninA ;" but she .corrected herself, and begged my pardon,
and said, ""no it
.was Saturday morning ;" and afterwards s'te.
said, "" no, I ant wrong, it was on Sunday morning ;" she
she hoped I would excuse her, as she was veiy much ag.iw,
She said the body had become very offensive site said
to have ! the truly buried nu Tuestliy af 4r.evm,
coffin would be brought home Oat evening, an! 1
was gone to find the rr batons of the deceased ; Iti v.,; 30% I t
on Tuesday afternoon for the interment and left tit: I r ,
turned in about three quarters of an boor ; to have
the body buried at.l2 o'clock on the Tuesday, .14.-d ••`)
up stairs to see the body ;• she took me initujlLLly up soiir.,
and turned the sheet down for me to see thecopsc : saw
face and shoulders, but obst•rved nothing particular; I tboug4
I observed a mark over the left eyeond asked her about it;
said it was always in that way; the body appeared very much
swelled it was not offensive. :* had not seen the deceased
While she was alive ; she paid pitch hind been burnt in the room:
I. smelhul the pitch strtingly.—Cross-examined. Except the
front Mr. Halfpenny ;
mark on the eye, thtisg was nothing that drew my attention.
I.
did not measure. the body; Mr. Halfpenny brought a.
Jacob Dovey,-.4 am a' coffin-maker, and live four miles
.
made the coffin for Mary 'Walton •
string
as a measure; I took'the coffin home about five ti clack Ott
Monday. and went up stairs ; I said it was usual for the coffin'
maker to assist in putting the corpse into the coffin, and ta'ao
to do so • she said
no, she was going to have a woman to allymiG
her.

Cross-examined : It is not uncontrnsn for persons to send
the measure of a corpse, nor is it uncommon for females' w•
lay out a female corpse. • ,
the
Mr. John Citing : I ant a surgeon. On Wedneedel,
24th March, I went to Mr. Ilallpenny's house, in company
i
with Mr. Clark. The body was taken out of the coffin, and
I examined it ; I had the head shaved ;we found ,`I
upon the scalp half an inch is length ; it did not pass tigoisi.;
the scalp ; the wound was on the superior and anterior r.agl s
of the parietal bones • there was a discoloumtion of the in-
teguments round the left eye and left temple, and a contusion
on the'right shoulder-blade.---4 UDG E : That contusion alight
have been occasioned by a fall.
t' Witness : Yes it Was no great injury. There was. super-
ficial scratch on he right leg below the knee; both legs yr@ta
swollen by .disease ; probably the effect of chilblain* they;
were bad wounds ; the arms and hands were neirlY. 3
similar state with the' egs ; I removed the scalp, and
the
the wound on theaiglit parietal bone did not penetrate the sco,P.;,
there was contusion, and extravasation round the wound, nn,n
near the right temple. I finind the membranes of the ht.!!
in a natural state; we- examined the dare and pie meter. 11
left hemisphere of die brain contained about three gla4e.s ,1
water or serum in • the ventieles ; on examining the nghe
hemisphere, I observed a slight turgidity of the brain on
surface; in other respects it had a natural appearance; I±le
1
thorax, the heart and lungs were in a healthy state; Ido """
consider that theserum k
'found on the leventrieles of the brain
would have caused death. I have heard the evidence as to 1e
treatment the deceasetlireceived on the Friday morning;
a concussion of the bran itroduced her death.
Mr. Justice PARK ;,:Could the deceased, baying recei
blow with a windlass, hoe gone on for a week, and thee stn‘
deniy have died from the effects of the blow
Witness : I cannot say but she might.—Judge Wool) tll°
blow of this whip have produced such appearances as you ale
se-ved ?—.I cannot ;sp9ak positively .what produced the appes.r;
an Ts Tite injury wlis ridgy of recent occurrence.
Mr. Clarke, surgeon, corroborated the. above.—Q. Do
tl k the beating the deceased received on the Friday; judgia.
fro n e appearances, was sufficient to cause death P—Witiless.
I di H. t.
1011
Q. Do you think that a.blow from a windlass would WO--
such an appearance ?—Yes.
retire.
'Mr. Justice PARK 1 wish to speak to the parish app thA
When did the prisonere tell you to say to the gentlefolks
the girl received a blow of a windlass ?—Witnesa : The ley 1t
tore the Coroner's Inquest sat.
useel-
Alr. Justice PARK said, that it was essential to the indict
to prove, by unquestionable testimony, that the blows inffil-_`,`i,
by the prisoner caused the death of the deceased. Such ear,
derma had not been produced ; but the evidence ofthe,.!
geon, Mr. Clarke, not only threw doubt upon it, ll";,ert
completely negatived .the filet. The present, inquiry wo jiri
proper one; for, wheiever there had been a loss of human ip•
I thinx.
under suspicious ciretimitnnces, it was highly important
quiry should be institutedvr-The Jury, under the (fir"
the Judge, acquitted the:priiiner.
. .

A MOTHER HER CH I.l'Fies' 001
Mary Briadley, aged 20 years, stood indicted AO '1
her infant child in a field, with intent to cause its tient°. pace
Air. liTax, for the prYsecution, stated, that the °prof
of which the prisoner stood charged, was. a most
misdemeanour. She charged with desertiPg h
fain male child on the II th of July last. It "-Wet'
proved that she took the child that morning iVnin city,
center to a place situate' about three miles from i
thie
and there she unnaturally left it to perish in ataLe
Had the infant died, the prisoner would have had inwio;
her trial for the murder; but Providence ordered it ntherdath,
a poor labouring man heard its cries and saved it from, i. they
He should callhis witnesses, and the Jury would linY
cotEddvidenentecertawinamaaddodutibeedt oftotipieropyreistoinwerfi'ris,glitngt.
the prisoner's subsequent admission that it wasof
the child p~u
called upon for har defence, she said a man had offer'. '
her to live with him, but not to take her child alga. 0(01
Mr. Justice
description, lam happy 'to say, are of occurren
rare instaer,
believe for the last hundred I inuisr„„0001;
years on y one s
PAllKe—Oen•Jeraen of the Jury, caie-
has occurred, and that was a case where a mother
her
the child with intent to starve
child in a garden, which welt destroyed by a kite, Ind tlt'; leaving
was hanged. The indictment charges the prisoner te!
with intending to murder it ; and, Gentlemen, 1 do
reu,:wiii,;
what other intention she could have had ; Prriectit lt! its
the Learned Counsel for the prosecution, that ir tin' cf. „wag;
perished, the prisoner would have been legidifguiltYl utiftY
and would have been executed. She tartar o'o
from the spot where she exposed die infant; Rol OIL'
excuse herself by stating that she deserted it nilue*,,f it n''f,
sition that wealthy persons would take better eitie, tio4o,:e
she could do, because she would have left it 14'0°-been
some person's house, and not in a field, if' suchiliti 000
motive. You, however, Gentlemen, will say Y' •
any doubt of her guilt. ts.l
• eft
The Jury found the prlioner risor
Mr. Justice Peux, in passing sentence, told the pio
it. and- one count ctut7_,
t
crtszt
she had been convicted of ono of the most dreadful
that could be 'committed short of murder. In
_,01,,!„-ti the l'r„a
Almighty she had been guilty murder, and tint a
vidence of God the child would havi perished. .1 went. Id,
unnatural crime, and called fist exemplary imnisj veal* '-
therefore., sentenced her to be imprisoned for labovr*
as ter as her health would permit, to be kept w hard

days, they etll at the house, • S 'lol'g
A CAUTION TO HOUSEKEEPERS AND - /." ,„telli.i'd
—A set of notorious scoundrels are going about tows 7,10 te;
the delivery of coals ; when the coals have been deliY,eir: seat '
to look at the Vender's and Meter's tickets thst Wert
with the coals ; by this they ascertain the quantilYThir 0,
sent, and the names both of the Buyer and Vender' fot Ps'ol I
co►nplisbed, they bring in a bill regularly made 011, epos
rent, and in some cases have succeeded in getting ""
paid to them anti make some planet') e ofli,

trillj
'lltil
. oli Friday, a person culti►.tg himself` .j 040
1, Cot iOl
tii"dsoYi and pretending to be- a Cornet in ti.e - itteo,
'lards, was apprehended at. 1)ov er, nut fully. counit it"
trial, on a ci►er ...of I• /I el-' e Air ChtsAg 0 til.
, c lark,. urging L leacceptance m . ta ri
of the firm of Cox and dreenwood, to a draught dok„„ I,r )
name of William jiindsey, in favour of I.ieut• Verlw".o.l
!parching the baggagF of the prisoner his linen
1). N:,-4-nd'his mune is supposed hi be' David Neatlle"

i,

•

MASONIC NOTICES FOR NEXT WEEK.
ENGLAND.
,
7. August 9, LobrDoar. Nos. 40, 143, 241, 319,
329, 335.
COUNTILY. Nos. 97, 131. 2311, 243.
323, 360, 378, 425, 433,
437, 473, 517, 524, 536,
541, 516, 552, MU, 570,
574, 578, 597, 643, 680,
T 701, 710.
ileed4l) 10, LONDON. Nos. 23,62, 100, 290, 300,
316, 367, 421, 479.
•
CouNTRY. Nos. 24, 67, 87, 1311, 138,
145, 211, 263, 285, 292,

340, 427, 477, 592. 604,
626, 640, 649, 668, 714.
44•41 Y, -- 11, Lox DoN. Nos. 3, 11, 16, 19, 29, 47,
96, 237, 257, 334, 353,
435.
COUNTRY. Nos. 54, 121, 159, 164,
213, 215, 232 291, 314,
344, 440, 442, 447, 472,
478, 537, 543, 563, 617,
Thu. ,i 661.
12. Lorwox. Nos. 6,:18. 25. 34, 79,
194, 271, 299, 301, 326,
338, 499.
COUNTRY. Nos. 45, 51, 57, 79, 110,
111, 115, 133, 172, 178,
269, 278, 354, 384, 397,
420, 461, 483, 506, 531,
549, 545, 556, 586, 587,
691, 657, 670, 717.
13, LONDON. No. 275.
3'today, Couwrar. N 0.1013.
14, I,,,xnost. •

. .

• 11l •

UOUNTRY.
It ELAND.
uli4eld*Y. Au Aug. 10, Con K. No. 71.
11, Cultic. Grand Prov. Lodge of
hlunster.

Ntiet: or STOCKS 1111 i
Uall/4 Stock ..................
3 pee Cent.
.. . .........
3.4 per cent ................... to g
4..... per Cent. Aud ....... IUI
b
New ...... •
105 i
bl
Hank !Jon
i g Ann. ............ 23
p. 3 per Cent 4. ............
llitto Stock . ................
1i0nt6.................
South Sea Stock .............

Y AT ONE ('CLOCK.
Old Annuities
New Ditto
Ex. Bills 10001. 2d.
Ditto Ikd.
Ditto soil. d.
Ditto 14d.
Ditto Small 2d.

Ditto lid.
Ditto Commercial
Bank for Act.
India for Acct.
Cona. fur Account 92,14

• NICKS OF POItEIGN FUNDS, AT ONE O'CLOCK.
A ustriati 114.5 per ct. ... 93i Portuguese Bonds O5
-----..
* si
.. crip ...............Scri
""11—
loops Ayres .. Prussian, 5 pee et.
13ds, 6 per ct. .. Ditto New
tulontliisti Bils, 6 per ct.... .—Russian, New, 5 per ct. 904
---------Scri
Danish p ...... ,li dis. Spanish 1021, 5 per ct. 21.17
, 3 per cent. -- 1023, ditto
(creek Sc 80nd............. Alliance Shares 121 i
11exictins . . ..... 52ai Palladium
------:, •—crip ............. Equitable Loan .. lt
A espolitan, 45 per cent.... , Manchester Ditto
Peruvian Bonds ........ .... ' French Ren tes
------- Scrip—
--- Scrip

FOREICIN
ARRIVED.
1

Guernsey and Jersey
Cuttenburgh
liamburgh -
France
America

D l; E.

MI

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO.IIOIt ROW.
At.rning, 40 luinutex after 11. j Evening, 0 minutes after 0.
