COURT CIRCULAR.

Their Majestic.' entertained the Duchess of Cumberland
and a select party at dinner on Friday evening, at the Pa►aaa
at St. James's.
The King gave audience on Saturday to Earl Gr,, Sir
James Kernpt, the Master-Geniral of the Ordnance, anti
Sir H. Willock.
The Duchess and Prince George of Cumberland pr.
took of a clejeu74 with their Majesties on Saturday. The
Duke of Cumberland and the Princess Sophia also visite('
their Majesties.

At half-past five o'clock on Saturday afternoon thei,
Majesties left town in a carriage and four for the Palace
at Windsor.
The Duchess of Keut entertained a large and distin-
guished party at dinner, at Kensington Palace, on Saturday. i
The Duchess of Cumberland, accompanied by Prince
George, visited the Duchess of Gloucester on Saturday af-
ter noon at Gloucester House, sod also visited the Duchess
of Kent at the King's Palace, at Kensington. Her Royal
Highness afterwards proceeded to her residence at Kew
Divine Service was performed yesterday before the Du-
chess of Kent and the Princes Victoria. and their Royal
Highnesses' household, by the Dean of Chester.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the
Foreign-office, which was attended by the Lord Chancel-
lor, the Marquis of Lansdowne. Etri Grey, Lord.Durhatn;
Viscounts Melbourne, Palmerston, G.derich, and Althorp ;
the Right Hon. Ch irlea Grant, Sir James Graham, Lord
Holland, Lord John Russell, the Duke of Richmond, and •
Mr. Stanley. The Council sat in deliberation near four
hours.

Baron Bulow, the Prussian Minister, transacted busi-
ness at the Foreign-office, on Saturday afternoon, with
Viscount Palmerston.

Mr. Mayers, the agent for Barhadoes, had an interview
with Viscount Goderich, on Saturday, at the Colonial—
( ffice.

Sir James Graham, as First Lord of the Admiralty, held
a Levee on Saturday.

THE ARMY.

At eleven o'clock this forenoon Hounslow-heath pre- ,'
sented a very animated scene, the Heath, and every inn
contiguous being lined with well-dressed company to wit-
ness the grand inspection of the 9th, or Queen's Royal .
Lancers (commanded by Lieut. Col. Lord Loughborough) ''• : :
by Lord Hill (Commander-in-chief,) accompanied by ;.
Count Orloff, the Russian :Minister, and suite. This
splendid regiment were drawn up on the Heath at ten
o'clock, and the warlike, and healthy appearance of the
men excited much admiration. Precisely at eleven the in- '
spection took place, and the troops went through their
various military evolutions with greet precision, to the
apparent delight of the Count and distinguished party.
After the inspection was over, Lord Hill, Count ~
Orloff, and a party of distinguished personages, proceeded
to Windsor, where the Ist regiment of Royal Horse
Guards, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel H. B.
Lygon, were reviewed in the Great Park by the King and
Queen, and a numerous assemblage of the Royal House- ,
hold, Lord Hill, Count Orloff and suite, &e.
To-morrow afternoon, at two o'clock, the let and
3d batallions of the - Grenadier Guards, and the
Ist batallion of the Coldstream Guards, under the
command of Colonel Woodford, will likewise be re-
viewed in Hyde-park. The troops will present a very
splendid appearance, as they will appear (for the first time)
in their new clothing, which was lately established, and
are precisely similar to the costume worn by the celebrated
Swiss Guard in the reign of Napoleon Buonaparte.

It has been mentioned as a curious fact that
the name of the Noble Lord who holds the high office of Gene-
jal Commanding-in-Chief does not appear in the list of the ma-

rority, although he gave his vote in favour of Ministers on
Lord Aberdeen's recent motion. The nephew and heir-appa-
rent to his Lordship has acted on every occasion against the
Bill now in progress, and the sentiments of the gallant noble-
man, who has not, we believe, any borough interest, are said to
be hostile to reform, The Noble Lord was selected to fill his
present appointment on the resignation of his illustrious leader
throughout the Peninsular campaigns.
Lord Henry de Roos, who was reproached
for having deserted the politics of his family, the Fitzgerald., by "
fighting under the political banners of the Duke of Wellington,
it will be seen, was one of the twenty-six Peers whose votes
Ministers have gained since the rejection of the Bill in October
The Earl of Harborough and the Earl of
Harrington are again marked as absent from the division. ;
These Noble Lords, we believe, have not taken their seats
in the present reign, and have therefore not manifested their
opinions of the proposed reform. Lord Harrington and his
Lady are now staying at Elvaston, the Earl's seat in Derby-
shire ; and Lord Harborough is enjoying the diversion 4sl the
.•
chase, &c. in Leicestershire.
DUBLIN, APRIL 13.—Rumours have been
widely circulated these few days back that an eminent attorney
who had several agencies, and whose father is an old and res.
pectable barrister, had fled, after committing a number of for_
genies. I have been making inquiry on the subject, and find ,
there is no doubt of the fact. The amount of forgeries and
embezzlensenta is stated to be from 9.5,0005. to 30,000/. He was
agent to a Member of Parliament for an adjoining county (who
formerly represented this city) and he was celebrated for menu.
facturing forty-shilling freeholders out of gooseberry bushes. He
got bills discounted by some of the knowing ones here to a large
amount, purporting to be acceptances of the above Hon. Mem.
her. Informations, I understand, hive been sworn against
him before the Magistrates of the Head Office of Police, who
have issued their warrant, but I hear he is now " half seas
CRsOe..
W
over" to that land of liberty and slavery over which the Jack_
son P"id".— N
E MHorn PIGEON in g Hrald
—A
palr of these re-
markable birds ( Columba Coro iata of Limucus) was landed
yesterday from on board the Kingsdown. They were
brought from New Guinea, and are the only ones that have ar.
rived alive in this country for many years. They are little
inferior in size to the turkey, of a beautiful curious blue
colour, with a very large upright compressed crest, the eyes
of the most vivid red ; and the whole bird has an air of un- •
usual magnificence. It was the mournful notes of this bird
that greatly alarmed the crew of the Bouganville, on landing at
some of the Molucca Islands, which they took to be the cries •
of distress of the human species. They are destined for the ,
Surrey Zoological Gardens, having been
ciety by Captain Underwood. presented to that So.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKETx,APRIL 14.
—Though the inquiry for Cotton throughout the present
week has been rather more general than during the present:
one, prices have contined to recede, and we reduce our quo..
tations of American descriptions % per lb. There has been:
little doing in Brazils, but without any change in prices. Thi
,ales of the week, including 300 Bengals taken for export;
amount to 9,460 bags,—viz., 280 Sea Island Georgia, 11d. to. ,
Nd.; 3,240 Uplands ditto, 6 %d. to 7 lid. ; 1,570 Alabama, 5
to 7 !id.; 1,.%0 New Orleans, 6 d, to B%d. ; 403 Pernam-
Juco, B%d. to 9 ; 700 Bahia and Macaio, 6 to 750. ;;.
)50 Maranhams, 7 %d. to BNd. ; 10 Demerara, &c., 9d. ;
Ilarbadoes, 73i d. ; 490 Egyptians, B%d, to 8 %d. ; 470 Surat.
%d.to 5 % d., and 330 Bengal, 4 lid. to 4 Sd. per lb. Import;:.
5,630. 1,200 bales of Cotton have been sold to-day,---viz., 3000
trazils ; Bahias, 6 !id. to 7d.; sawgined Maranhams, 7Md
.nd 900 American descriptions, from 6 %d. to 714 d.
