CAPITAL BOOKS ON AGRICULTURE.

The Sixth Edition, improved, in One large Volume Odavot
price Half a Guinea in boards, '
THE FARMER's CALENDAR ;. containing a
FULL ACCOUNT of the BUSINESS necessar,- to
be performed on 'all Kinds- of FARMS during. EVERY'
MONTH of the YEAR, with the latest huproverivnts,
and the Mode of executing thett. .
By ARTHUR YOUNG, Esq: F.R S.
. .

Secretary tothe Board of Agricuitme, and Member of vari,,,ls
'Philosophical and . Agricultural Societis ia Europe and
-America.

It is impossible, in the compass of an Advertisement, to
enumerate the important Contents, and the great raetical
Advantages which must result, in the mankgenient of Laid,
from a constant reference to tins useful Wink. Marty thou.
sand Copies are sold in every- year ; and. intelligent YarnierS
and Country Gentletnen, in every County in England, Nye
acknowledged, not only that it enables them to perform every
operation in the best and most successful Manner-, but-dfil.as,
in the general business of a Farm, a saving of frotn Ten to
Twenty-five per Cent. . .
2. In two large Volumes, 4to. illustrated with nearly One
' Hundred Engravings, representing the most improved Im-
plements, the various. Grasses and the principal Breeds of
Sheep and Cattle, price Four Guineas in boards, . •
A COMPLETE SYSTEM' of PRACTICAL AGRI.-
CULTURE ; including all the MODERN IMPROV
MEN TS and DI SCOVE RIAS, and the results of a;l itte
Attention and Inquiry which tnad been bestowed on ti is :;in.
portant Science, during the last shirty years; tin: wtole
combining and explaining fully, extensively, arid i..ainpleteiy;
the PRINCIPLES and PRACTICE of the MO,..)ERN
ART of HUSBANDRY, in all its Branches and Relations..
13y R. W. DICKSON, M.D.
Honorary Member of the Board of Agriculture.
3. In Quarterly Ntinmbers, price Three Shiltinp and Six-
pence, illustrated with Platei,
The ANNALS of AGRICULTURE; or, FARMER's
MAGAZINE ;- consisting of original Papers, Experiments,
and Observations; concluded
By ARTHUR YOUNG, Esq. F.R.S.
Printed for Richard Phillips, 13ridge.street, Blacktfriars ;
Rig tik be hall of ail Booksellers.

IMPERIAL PARLI4IVIE,NT

-F.roqs.B 0P PEERS.
FRIDAY, .11.5 NE

The Trish First• Fruits Bill was. read a third time
and pasSed; and a Message -sent to the House of
CoMt-nous to acquaint them therewith..
The Property Tax -.Bill, the IrislvvSugar Bill; and
the IriSi Additional Force Repeat Bill passed'
through7Cornrai.ttees, and were reported. 2 ,
Lord AUCKLAND presented the Report .of the
Board of trade made ni 1784, relative to the Trade
between' the:West Indies and'America; which was
'palered to lie on the Table and to be printed.,
Mr.' BAKER, :Mr. ADUGDALE', and several other
Members of the llousY of Commons, brought
the Irish Starlit) Duty Bill and four Private Bills ;
.I;which• were read a first time. , . _

Mr. IRVING, from
..the :Custom-house, presented
Returns ,re,lative to the commerce of Dominica ;
whtch were ordered to lie on the (Table, anu to be
printed.
Strangeis were ordered to withdraw, and, we un-
derstood, the consideration Of the Evidence adduced
on the Trial of Lord. V iscouni Melville was resunied.,

Their- Lordships continued in discussion till eleven
o'clock, when the further consideratiOn of the sub-
, jea was deferred till MOnday, oh which day we un-
derstood the ittiges were again ordered- to attend.
Adjourned till tn-rnorrow (this day).

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
JU,NIE 6.

• Lord MUNCASTER. took the Oaths and his Seat, 051
his ele6tion for Cumberland, in the room of Sir.,
.chael.. Le Fleming., deceaSed..
A Message from the Lords informed the House,
that their Lordships had agreed, to the
Fruits. Bill, y the. ...Manoli2st.cr Road Bill, the 'lrish
Ctistonis and'Excif,e Bill, the TriSh Mart Ite&ulation
13ill; and the Glasgow Port Bill, without any Amend-
=ems:
. .
Mr.lrving, froth. the Custom-House, pre-sented an
EstiMate of all the Duties en Customs charged and
put-standing on thebtb Hof January, 1805, and 1806,
Te§pe6tively.7---Orderea to lie_on the Table, and-to- be'
printed. • - -
A Person frOm.the Tax-Office presented an Ac-
count of all' balance::; in the bands 'Of. toe Receiver-
General of the_ Land-Tax in Scotland.—Ordered to
lie on the Table. • -
• A Person from the. Pay-Ct ce. presented, pursuant
to order of the House, -Copies of all Official Letters.
from the Payinaster-General of the Forces since the
14th of Suly, 1804, relative to the delay of Regi-
mental Accounts;—Ordered to lie o‘2. the Table.. ~
Ordered;on the Motion, of Mr. VANSITTART, that
there be laid:before the Houk the Report of Expe-
ents made to ascertain the relatiVe value of Walt,.
Barley, and Big, in 'Scotland and England, trans-
mitted by the Board of Excise in' North Britain to
theCOrricnissiphers of the-Treasury. This Report
'Wa's then presented by.Mr: -V,NSITTART, . and or-
dered to be 'printed.
Mr. HOBIIOUSE brought up -tne 'Report
.of, the
ZoMmittee of the 'whole,HouFse on the Aci imposing
certain duties of excise on spirits distilled in Scou-.

' land. • The Resolutions for 'repealing the duties -al-
, ready existing, and ftir granting others in lieu-there-
'af, were. agreed and a Bill ordered pursuant
thereto. •
The .Dublin.l'aving Bill was rePorted, and ordered •
to be read a third trine on Monday next. The Irish,
-Malt Ditty Bill passed through the same stage. To
be read a thiyd, time an Monday..
YAN SITTART presented, pursuant to order of
the Flonse,. several lists of public accounts, audited
and unaudited.7---Ordered to lie on the Table;
PRi VATE BREWING,-
.
k • Lord HENRY PETTY having moved that the,Order
p•—f
the Lay for the House -going intg a Committee of
Snpply be .read, Statqd that his *Et in doing so was'
to move that thP House do on Monday next resolVe
into said Committee. In proposing this delay.he.
• NV a'S not aanatechy any conviction that the• Ditty on
Private Brewing; which he had formerly proposed, .
Nk is a Taa. which ought to be relinquished ; for;
should it be necessary, it was one, of the -propriety
Of which he wa-S so well convinced. that he should
Eave_no hesitation in bringing it: forward next year,
by -which time it might 'have been well weighed,
'how' it might be imposed' in the most equal and
least oppresi,ive 'manner. The .strongest necessity;
however, called 'for a substitute, in the mean time,
• and. his attention had been directed, either- to an Ad-
ditional Duty on Malt, or to an addition to the. As-
' 'sealed Taxes, the hitter of which he was inclined to
prefer. -;Can Monday,. therefore, he should move,. in
• a.Cornipittee of- Supply,, that the 'House. do grant to
. His' Majesty an additional 10 per cent. on the Assess-
Taxes. He should take the opportunity of the
introdu6lion-of that Bill; to consolidate with it the
iiliawanoe.3 or abatements from' income proposed
tO be made to
~persons ' having 'large . fwtmilies
,and
incoineS, • -
I;:7r.CO.WE (of Norfolk) said, however much the
Noble Lard might approveof the' tax which he had
agreed,- for the present_a't least, to abandon, he for
one- drsltked it the more the more he considered it.
Vie thought we 'could'not, at the present moment,,
have a tax more hateful or disagreeable. It gave
• him sincere pain :to oppose any-measures proposed
by those men of wit-we principles he had the highest
opinion, and with whom, on the other -side of the
liatise, he had_ uniformly vated for -the last thirty
years.. It was more particularly painful, when he
considered the state of the Country=a state to
which,' iniquestionably, it had been reduced by
titherS, not by the present Ministers. Heabjeeted,
• however, to the Tax. on Private Brewing, as con-
ferring al bdon on one clasS of men- to the prejudice
7 0. the people in general. ,
' ..Sir R. BurPoN did.not think.any odium could
attach id the Noble Lord frotp giving up‘the tax for
• ;he sake of reviving- it next year in a' less objection-
able form. To titz addition to the ASsessed Taxes,
he should conceive,'' Ifirdly.any. objedion could lie
in, the present situation-of the country, where some
adthtianal 'taxes Were necessary, as 'such addition must
fall in an .equal p,repertion, according to -the prelent
• Asses4:d.Taxes, On all. ' • - . •
Lord HENRY
•PETTY, 'alltidino• to certain mis-
representations wine bLcu trizkie as to Ais en ea-.
irodring to introduce the Excise into privatefaitilies,
declareLl• that nothing Was ei'er faiiher from his in-
tention, 'HP had nO"hesiiati6ii.in 'saying,; • that 'he
'• scarcely Conceive necessity whiori 'could

warrant such a step. Such had always be.;:n his
nion, and such-be, still , maintained. He: had only
submitted it as an option,to those persons 1:Vho might
prefer .it to the Licence, as Sup:using it toe :'more
fayonrable mode of being taxed. ,
Mr. BAKER said, if ,such had been the meaning
of the Noble Lord; he should have laid 'on the-As-
sessment° first, and, if it` had not been agreed to,
then given the option of the Excise:
' LONG -Supported a similar opinion.
' Mr. FOX said, it would be a desirable thing if
the public and ,private brewer, could be put on an.
equal, footing: His Noble Friend did not introduce
the EXcise as the mode, of leVying'the .Tax, but
merely as an option. Latterly it hadlaeen 1113 iii=
tention, as 'indeed he. had given notice, to take
awaythe'Excise even as'anoption,and he was heartily
glad be had now come to. the resolution of Post-
porting 'the Taxentirely. He (,Quid not refrain, how-
ever, from reminding Gentlemen that another Tax
had been given up in ;onsequence of the opposition
whie4,:it- had experienced.. They would recoiled
whether that Tax was or was not more objedionable
than the present, and they would consider the prd-
priety ofstrongly opposing a Tax not altogether ob-
je6tionable, when there was no security that one less
objediOnable might easily be found to replaCe
This Country, he begged to remind the House, was
not in such a situation,as to have an option, of un-
objeaionable Taxes. - --•-

Mr. IPILBER FORCE returned his hearty thanks
to the Noble Lord for the great attention he had :at
all times :shown to the seeming wishes of the House.
Nothing could be a happier feature in: the chara6ter
of. a Minister than being open to. conviction where
his own opinion might at any tilde-seem to have been
erroneously formed. The proposed addition to the,
Aisessed Taxes he liked:exceedingly: He thonght
it would' be better, however, if it did not ge through
the whole; The tax on Male Servants, .particularly,
he thought, might; with great propriety, bear the
hddition. • •

Mr. "JOH STO IVE expressed hiS regret that, af-
ter hlivirVg'abandoned One tax, the Noble Lord should
again feel himself under the necessity of abandoning
the substitute for it, while nothing had been done
to defray the Loan of the year, except the Wine
:any; 'Ailivich was merely a transfer, and no additional
_revenue, .and a small Duty on Appraisements. Ire
Was' sorry the Noble Lord had not fortitude to go •lon
with this tax, as he conceived irto be nothing more
than imposing on the rich that which was already a .
burthen on the poor. In support. of this assertion
-he read. the. Opinion ,of Dr. Smith in his Wealth of
Nations.

Mr. T. T JONES gave great credit to the Chan-
cellor or the-tx.chequer for having' withdrawn the
tax. -As the Secretary for Foreign Affair inAly
served, this was not ,a time when we. could have
any -great option., The question now was, What is
the lesser evil ? In his ()Pillion the Noble Lord
ought to revert to the Iron Tax..
Sir..\l% WYNNE approved of the relinqui,dunent
of the-tax: He stated that was only one pub-
lic brewer in the-whole principality' of Wales. • •
Mr.' W. SMITH alsogave Credit to the Noble Lord
for Withdrawing the tax. He would have supported
it,
,but he was convinced it would not have" bi-en
found produetive while the Assessed .Taxes, on the
'other hand, could be,etic.tCivally collected:
Sir W.' WiNNE explain&l.
_ _ • _

Mr.: ROSE maintained that the Tax would not
have been produelive. Many people wouid .have
declined private brewing, and as muCh would have
been lost oh the deficiency in the malt duty; as •would
have been realized by the Tax, as the quantity Con-
sumed by the plibiic brewer w ould not have risen
in anything like the proportion in which it was given
.up by the prhate .brewer. . From an investigation
which some time ago ,took place, it was ascertained,
that With the. public brewer eight bushels of malt
made two barrels and a half of 'strong beer ;..w here,
'as it was khown that with the, private breWer-teri
bushels.only produeed one hogshead, being one half
as much again-as a.barrel. So the 'private brewer,
in the quantity used by hirn,. compensated. for the
duty on the publiC brewer. •
Mr. If HITI3EIfiID declared, that the concern
to which. he belonged did net produce their beer in
'the proportion stated by the Hon. Gentleman .who
spoke last. So far as he recolleffed, the Hon. Gen-
tleman's statement was not, even- corre&, for -the
quantity there alluded to was not 3i barrels,. but 31
barrels. But even in that proportion he asserted that
the ealCulation.did nut apply to the house in which
-he was concerned. Surely, however, it must be seen
that the public brewer must know little of his trade,
and make little of his capital, if lie Could not produce
.a better article out of a smaller quantity of malt and
hops than a private brewer could.
Mr. HARVEY CONiBE 'corroborated the statement
of Mr. Whitbread ; when the, Conunittee was fixed
for Monday,.
MUTINY BILL. •
• .

Mr. WINDRAN having moved the third reading of
the Mutiny Bill, •
:1174 LL ACE rose to express his disapprobation'
of the new regulations introduced in the Bill, which
he conceived to be unnecessary, and as only tending
to preclude... His Majesty from the exercise of his pre-
rogative, because, if be refuSed his assent to the new
measurth,_ he must withhold it at the expence of
letting;loose the Army. He ;,did not see what•oc-
casion there was for 'making the di‘stindion between
the pledge given by the, Crown and that given by
Parliament, but to degrade 4.the Rdyal prerogative.
Neither did he see why Parliament should now be
called on to give their sandion to a measure Which
they might afterwards feel it their duty to accuse
Ministers for adopting. He did not know which
most to• admire, the rashness of the measure itself,

or the meanness with which the Right Honourable
Gentleman had staved it off from time to time—
to a time, he hoped, in which he would tio longer
have a share in the Government of the Country.
What did the Plan hold out to the existirig'Army ?
That they should be relieved ? NO. They bad fought
our battles, but they were to remain in a state of cou-
fessed slavery, and were to receive no benefit from
the new regulations. He should have less obje6lion'
to the measure if the'nien to be raised were to be
placed in separate Corps. But no two_ men stand-
ing next each other in the ranks may know that the
ot'.e is bound for life, while the other, who has ::cry-
ea a shorter period, must be d'iselinged
few years. As to the idea that a better descr.44:ien,
of-Men:would be procured, he did iot:believp jt.i,
nor did he like the mixture of soldier:and
It'had been said, if the measure did Aii)t,succeed,- it

mild easily he rescinded. Of this, however, he was
not so much _convinced-, It Must first have gone on
for seven or ten.years, and then, impolitic as it might
be foUnd to have been, probably 70,000 or 047 en
ion,oop men, would fall to be discharged.
.111r.-:WILBERFORCE gave. the measure his
most hearty approbation, though he did not pretend
to he capable of judging of it on a military principle.
He had, however, given the subje& every attention
in his power, and he hadiconsulted every publication
Which had appealed on the subject, particularly a
very forcible and ingenious. work of Gen. Stewart,
and another by a Gentleman whose name did not
appear, but in which the subject: was Very- ablyldis-
cussed. The: great question was; how we were to in-
crease:, our regular Army ? We Might ditfer as to the
amount to which it ought to be raised,but still we must
increase it, that we might be able-to resist the Enemy
with wLom we have to contend; and, with a com-
manding Naval Porce, ocr Army might be direEt•
ed to great and multiplied objects. The great ob-
je& of every man \Vas—hope. It had been stated by
every writer oil the snbjeCt, that. it was not the
possession of. an object, but the
.pursuit of it, by
which the minds of men were Most strongly in-
fluenced. From the .present, measure he expeeted
much, not as afibrding any positive inducement
in itself, 'but as tending to remove obstacles which
-now stood in the Way. We were naturally inclined
to balanco things in our minds, and if we saw
that
.there was no possibility of returning if we
'once embarked in a partictilae service, that must
operate as a serious obstacle to the embracing of
it. This obstacle, the present measure seemed to
him to • retrieve; and to o,pen'tci the view of- those
entering into our Army that great original induce--
ment to which he had alludeck There must be, be-
sides, some positive inducement, which,' probably, it
would be somewhat difficult to determine upon. One
such positive inducement; he should suggest,- Might
be the chanee, of a speedy rise, and 'introduc7
tion of greater variety-of rank, thereby enabling
them, in their different degrees, to jud,giof 'their
situation, not by _*Lat it really ise but by com-
paring it with the• situations. of those around.—
He shotild probably have ,liked the, ,plan better
if, instead of 'giving all the, additional pay at the
end -of 7:or 14 years.bence, a small part of it had been
held out to individuals at an earlier period, to be diS-
posed of. in Oath way as military men might think
the best. The more that the honorary marks of
distinCtion wereintroduced into our Army. the bet-
ter. Every person who
.might
.indulge the
hope; that in a very short time he should be deco-
rated with some badge of distinCtion:' He night
exPeet to raise himself in this way, probably, during
the first or second year of his service. , -When We.
looked into military- history; and -saw how many
and glorious exPloit's had been achieVed on this
principle, we must be astonished that it had been so
little: attended to, in this. Country. During the laSt
Administration it had been intended; to advance to
some species of distintuion of this-kind a great body
of our naval men, and he hoped it wbuld. not be
lost sight of by. ,the Noble Lord now at :the head
of rile AdMiralty. These he mentioned merely;
as matters of detail, which would be more pro-
heilj diSeussed• on some other-.occasion.. As to
the objection started relati.ve to the King's pre-
rogative, let it :be -considered that Parliament . had
for-years; been in the habit of discussing •ques:-
t ions of this sort.; and, in that situation, let it be con-
sidered, Whether if Ministers at their oWn, handhad
gone -into any great and important change in the
nature Hof the service, they would not have justly
sUbjeded theinselVes 'to a charge .of presumption ?
He was indeed surprised to hear this objection made
by his Honourable Friends neat him,
.who must,
in this case, have been depriVed of- the oppor-
tunity of expressing their disapprobation of what
they conceived so niisehievous an innovation. Im-
pression, in his opinion, went a great .length too
in matters of this kind, and must-not.that impress
Sion be more properly direEted from the discussion
which-the measure lad received in this-House, than
it could if thb measure had been merely
. an Ad of
the' Executive: Government ? How revolting must it
be to the feelings to'think that a man who may have
enlisted in an ungparded moment must be doomed
to continue so: during the whole of his life; and must
it not in such a case be almost an insult fo a man
to tell him that such was his own -voluntary
? This -was not merely a measure of humani-
ty, but, as is coda-non in such cases, policy went
hand in hand with it—Great and solid be-
nefits would be derived from , it. It was like-
ly to improve the tone: and cliara&er .; of the
Army in a .very conside;able degree. If we look-
ed to other times, who they were who then' distin-
gnished themselves particularly, 'we would find they
were uniformly the: ArMies of free :countries. In
ancient Greece and Rome, and in England, We
would find that the exploits of their Armies almost
always corresponded with the slate of freedom
which prevailed in,the countries ; -and in proportion
as either lost tlseir liberties, 'that their military cha-
mEter declined., It was after the 'obtaining of Magna
Charta that the military spirit-or. England first.
shone conspicuous ; and that Samel•nation,
was',formerly conquered by a Norman invader, hay-
.ing establishe her internal freedom, eve .had- since
seen able at all times to co-operate with the poWer-
ful and numerous-Nations on the opposite-shore,. and
he trusted, by Maintaining her liberties unimpaired, .
she would continue so to do- till the latest. ages: En.,
listmcnt for life, in his opinion, went to takeaway
part of this liberty, which it was impossible to say
could be the case when liberty was given of
retiring, if they Manned. On the other hand,
when this 'option was given, a very different feeling
would be produced ; the Soldier would fight with
fresh energy, would be found; 'a's it were, new
beings, and would achieve new and extraordinary
actions. The great success which' bad for a consi-
. derable time attended the' French-arms, he contend-
ed,had proCeeded from that enthusiastic. sparleof free-
dom which had, however ill direeted, been awakened
that. country. But could it be expeCted long to con,
tinue under thepresenf Government, when the peo-
ple found that they were greater slaves than before ?
Not- all the rewards held out to them would be-
sufficient to enable them long to- contend with free
men, when their Constitutiowcame to operate on
:their minds. in the same way as our Constitution may
be pr.suened'to operate on the minds 'of the people
of tbi Conntry, He, therefore, differed in opinion
from ihos'e Gentleinen w;io would separate the cha-
raeters of Soldier and Citizen. It WO. only because
England a SOldidr was a Citizen, and a Citizen

•
was a Soldier, that he -figured to himself t a
tages. to •which' he had alluded. On the he
expecled very considerable benefits- from the
sure. He shOuld only trespass on the indolgenae of
the House, while he shortly alluded to-two or three
general ?observations which had been- made and
first, as to the. Opinions of the General Officers,
though he should have• been perfealy well Pleased
to see them, be did not think it a matter of great
importance to such a country,as this, 'where every
man was More or less a, judge of military matters.
As to the objeion, s
alion, that the measures could never be.
retreaten from, he,could not see there was any thing
in it. He would be for giviig' the measure a much
,longer 'experiment than' hisfloe. Friend near him
(Mr. Bankes). He would be inclined to give it a trial
of ten or twelve years. But, indeed, the experiment
was not a new one. It had been tried, and no eVil,
feashad been found to result from it during the Ame-
rican war (a Cry from the Opposition that there the dis-
charge was. not to take place during the war,). That
he admitted; but still itdiel- not alter thc.caSe: There
the man for limited and unlimited service stood by
each other's Side,. and might not the Ate by to the
other, 'there .as well as here, " I am a miserable '
wretch to be kept berg in the Army during the
whole of nay, life, while you are to return home
at: the end of the . war ?" • Yet no such efTea as
this *as produced. lie felt 'on one part of the sub.,
•jed-a difference of opinion froth every person who
had delivered his sentiments in this House; and it was
as to the existing part of our Army. He would.
propose some modification even as to it ; such as
drawing lots fof a certain number Of them to re-
turn home at the end of a War. This he proposed
for no other reason but to increase their alacrity,
as well as that of the others. .Not because he
supposed they would feel that any grievance existed
:is to them ; much the reverse ; they were the only
persons who would .immediatly begin to feel the
sweets of the. measure. They would feel,. by enter-
ing immediately on their additional pay, that Parlta-
inent: had not forgotten them. As to the charge of
its being a theory, that, he thought, was gone
Never any system could be said 'more to rest on ex.:
perience. As to the navy, he hoped something of
the. same kind would, be doge: for the wives and
families of that class-of men, whq so eminently de=
served of their Country. On the sUbjeet of the Co-:
'lollies, he declared his.couviaioo that the. abolition of
the Slave Trade, by doing away in some measure the
barbarism pf that unfortupate race, when the Whites
would not require to be proteaed•against their. own
slaves more thin against their enemies, would de,
Inure for the amelioration of' the CO!onial Service
than any thiog'else that -Could be devised. On the-
whrle;-he-dectered- that the pre-sserif iiiehare met
with his. approbation more in the main than any
other which,-had been proposedi..as being' tifore cal-
culated to render a Soldier k great and glen-lOW Oa-,
racier.

HILEY ADDINGTON complained of dip-
injustice -which had been done to his Right Hon.
Friend, in calling his Plan mere theory and specula-
tion_ .H.L.3,v.as--,surpri6ed to-hear this objection from
those Gentlemen who- had, been commentini; Hi
terms of 'fisapprobatioti•on:the:time which hiS flight
Hon. Friend ,had taken to consider and digest his
plan. They wished, perhaps; to. goad him on to
bring -forward some theory or. speculation which,
perhaps, weuld be Imre conformable to their desires.
The measure, hoWeVer, was one 'which -had *ll
adopted by the %chute. of the Executive Govern:-
mlntt,•and every one of than was personally re
sponsible for it : he himself was willing. to •risic his
reputation with the Country Upon its success, with
regard to which he was much more sanguine than
his Right Hon. Friend was. With regard to t4P
opinions of the Military Officers, he believed the
nunibers were equal on . each side ; but then, if
they had been produced, they would not have ap-
plied to the case before the House, which contained
many modifications which had not been submitted
to them. He concluded by urging the necessity Of
an augmentation of our Army, since Franco had
almost ail that part Of Europe between-the Baltic and
Adriatic under her influence; and contended that
his. night Hon, Friend's Plan was the best calculated
to effect that obje6t. •

General TAg-ILETON, in answer to Mr. Wil-
berforce,, maintained that our Army at present had
an every occasion distinguished itself, and there,
fore there was no necessity for improving its • tone
and charkter. As to energies imparted by ftee-
dam, of which so much had been said,: be begged
of the House to consider the exolbits of the Armies
of Bonaparte, which certainly could not: hate been
animated by this, sentiment. As to the limited sere
vice during the American War, he approved of this;
and it would be a very proper thing just now to pro-.
cl* 200;000 men to serve during the War. But
theli)resent projeft was totally different from that,
He expressed his strong disapprobation. also of the
lottery among the soldiers, to -which the Hon. Gen-
tleman alluded. But when the lion. Gentleman
spoke of the Trade, as conneaed with this
business, he perfealy understood hits. The titan.
General proceeded then to:comment en the Plan
itself; awl contended, from-the -example of the
`Swiss, and the mode of condnee which had been
found necessary to adopt' towardS.tbein bv
De Rolle, that the principle of limited service would,
relax the discipline of the soldierS. The French, it
was:allowed, possessed great military ardour, and
yet' conscription was necessary to get soldiers among
them ; and it was romantic therefore to hope, that
we could here
.completely succeed by the ordinary
'recruiting. With regard to the'allusions to Agin-
court; Dettingen, and FontenOy, and'ancient•dis-,
cipline, these .topics were -entirely
inapplicable, as
the mode of warfare was changed ; and all this
thorefore was, to use the Lawyers phrase, blinking
the question. The -system' would not answer for
the Colonies, as the men would be discharged when
they were seasoned. This measure would certainly
excite discontent, as more was done for the recruit
than for the old soldier. He'hoped, therefore', that
the, Plan' would be stopped, either-here or in the
other House.
Mr. WILI3ERFORCE explained.
The LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND
thought that there was so much in this
11 -
was not entirely military, that any person /_ll
safely give an opinion upon it ; but it he bad had
safely s
any doubts on the subje&, the Hot?. ,6d h•
P. which
Speech would have relieved him, and ceOciPcd. .de
tat
that he might speak The question
itself into two parts—the one relating to ti.!e. moue

•
. , .
.
/ • •
of inducieg a man to enterehe Arm) and the other • tinee during any ever existmf" at the 'period 'at
to the mode of managingliini While there, • It could i which they might otherwise be intitled to Their dis-
- not he said that Ilene but a military- man could charge. '
• properly g 47 ,f e his opinion on the former !stet It M Lord ARY PETTY observed,. that the Cleilse
might as ev .11 be Said that a woman could not marry to which the Hoe, Gentlemen oppesite prime:l:illy
unless she had been, married before. He thought it direeled their atteotipn did nothing .more than whet
absurd to say. that men Would prefer half-a-clown j amounted to a •elecleration of the Legislature to
. .at present to the prospect of future advantages., He continue for seven years what fermerly they.were
WSs sure it was trot so in Scotland, and he did . i Considered only to allow for one. But the necessilies
,not believe it could be so any where else ; as of aernost every State in Europe were now so Much
little could he believe that been, would be insensible Increased, that his Majesty's Ministers had telt it
to the advantages of a limited service. He wished , incumbent on theM to make additional demands
that he had, one halbert, and one of the Gentle- upon the population of the Country for the preser-
men on the other side another, in order to try their , vation of the whole—this was but a modification
success in Scotiankaccording to their different plans. of the Royal Prerogative, by which the King is in-
They must, in that cases. speak in the same manner titled to-call onehe whole of his People to rise in
.as they.did in the House, ,and tell theni that they arms for the sueport of his CroWo and dignity; as
must go for life, and that the limited service could well as for the defence of the rights and liberties of
not be any ()hie& to them.. He, on the contrary, 1. a free nation, What was the Army of Reserve At :
would tell them they were only leaving their parents, but an additional demand on the population of the
their friends or their families,
.for, a short time, and Country ).—What was the Additional Force A&
that they night be discharged at the end of
.seven hut an additional, demand on the population 'of the
years if y pleased. He would venture to ssay Country ?-:--And, what had his- Right Hen. Friend
that he ild get .every man, or if they got any, i dpne but_ to make the additional demand on the po-
they would be of the worst description. At the epulation of the Count)), more simplified and effec-
same time he was confident that they would not, in f teal than it had as yet been. made by other Plans
• general, require their discharge if there should- be that. tie had seen brought forward ?--Much as. he
' occasion for their services. He had no doubt the same admired the general charafter of the British Artily
feelings Prevailed in Ireland, as the Irish and Sdotch he could not avoid observing, that the desertions
were nearly conneded, whether it was contended that j were now become a disgTace to that Arme-e-bnt the
Ireland had been peopled froM Scotland or Scotland eystem of his Right Honourable Friend would. be,
from Ireland. .As to the discipline of .the Army, be j most likely, to put a most effedual step to the prac-
leas sure it could not, injure that. The great outcry tice, by withdrawing the temptations which led
men to desert ;• their condition would be bettered,
upon thit point put him in mind of the case of the •
Salt-makers and the Colliers of Scotland, who, were and they would be certain' of having an opportu-
nityto exercise' their own choice et; a definite pe-
not long ago
.bound to the proprietor for' - life ;- and
riot!. ' Gentlemen said, that in 'a' time of war we.
even when the childreneenee went down to the pits
they also became bound in the. Manner. He should
.not adopt any new theoretical experiment.
'
- He, was well convinced, hosvever, that a tune of
had always, think God, beeh an advocate for liber-
War or , danger was not a time in syhich we should
ty, and used some exertions to hays;a Bill passed to
tinancipate the Colliers and Salt-makers; and they give way to any feelings' of fear. This reminded
him of an anecdote told of a very brave man, wile,
'were emancipated, and- the' business, so far. from
suffering by this change, was much better managed being asked how he would a& if he were on the
than before. But then it was said that the 'Army - top of Salisbury Steeple,' replied, just in the same
-would suffer greatly by the discharges ten years i manner as if I were on Salisbury Plain. And there,
'hence. This put him in mind of a meeting which could be no doubt that In time of danger true Svis-
lie had attended, where the'poipt of a canal for con- dom ' consisted in acting with steadiness- and con-
• veering coal to Edinburgh and Gieseow had been rage. • .
'discussed. He was for a level line without any locks, Air: CA.N.AUNG inquired upon. what principle
'while others were for a line to be drawn over consi- of reason or . philosophy that doctrine could be
•, •iskijable 'Slights With 67 locks, add the reason was, founded, which declared the necessity or the fitness of
than the place from ,which he proposed the line to any man creating au additional danger, when others
- be drawn contained coal only for 300 years, while were already in • existence, -merely that he might
'the ether 'place contained coal for 60Q years He have, an opportunity, of displaying his magnanimity
iold'them that they might let posterity, 300 years of spirit ?......(A loud laugh).-He was also at a loss
lenee, provide for .themselves; and, in the:same to know what natural operation of the man's body
`mariner, if a Sufficientetrmy was on'foot ten years was intended to be performed when it was said
lence 'there would be no danger of its being reduced that he would do the same thing on the top of the
'to an alarniing degree. But be was convinced that steeple that he would if he was down upon the
•a vast number of the recruits from Scotland Would' Plain. - For his part he should have thought that if
te-east, as most of them would, from habit, become a man were to find himself on Salisbury -Plain his
'attached AO the-service; and this brought to his re- motions would be horizontal,; whereas, if he were
Collediou'a story that had been told of a Highlander : placed on the top of a steeple lie would find it isece.s-
•Dohald'being told that he might have three wishes sery, if he made any tette:lee at all, to take great care
gratified, wishedefirst fbr a house full of suutf—he that it was as nearly as possible in an horizontal di-
Viers wished for a barn full of whiskey—end, after redion. , But might not the man hive aneweiod by
,ecratehitig his head and biting his nails-for some time putting a query to the querist, and saying, Where
before he mentioned the third wish,' be at last said i is the necessity that I quit thehroad and eomforte •
ethift he Would have more eeirff. In tbe same man- able situation in which I now -stand for the sake of
tier having once entered the service, their wish, he trying bow I would ad if I were placed on the pity-
, teas cotes/need, Would be:to continue there. nacle of a church ?-e•Returuing to the- serious part
General Teee'eeeser explaincl of the argument, he really believed that there 'was
Mr. JOLLVSTONE thought that ' the teamed, not one of his. Majesty's Ministers or their friends
Lord approved this measure-Only on account of the Who were not staggered ,by the two arguments
men who proposed it, as hesbed said that men could which bait been advanced on his side of the House;
'not he procured under .the Additional Force Ad, f the one the great inconvenience which the Colonial
where the advantages to the recruit were greaten—. Service would be likely to suffer—end the other this
'le contended that it The present state of Europe vast expence ' which would be brought upon the
'none. :but the lowest orders could be expeded to Country by the introduCtion of the proposed Plan.
After several other observations the Honourable
'serve as eoldieres He had but little faith in the
'energies which had been ascribed, 'particularly to Gentleman called on the House to avail themselves
the S(;ldiel.siof a 'free Country, as the Militiasof •a of this last Opportunity, and try to save the Regular
free Country would always be superior to the Re- i Standing Army of the Country by their rejection of
velar, Army of a Desphtic Government. He'. ad- this Bill. , •
initted that the Army Ought to be augmented; but Mr. :FOX replied to the objealon4 'which had
thought an addition ought to be made by enlisting been urged against the measure by the Right Hoe.
from the Militia. . - ' Gentlernan.ekhongh the areuraents so ably advanced
Mr. IPHITRREAD tonten(lo, thee the objeeft early in the debate hy his I•lon, Friend (Mr. Wil-
.
of his Right Hon. Friend was to put an end to all
,bertbeeee still retrained wholly unanswered. 'With
The theories which had been brought forward for a resped to the Army Which it was necessary for this
long time past. Like a skilful Surgeon, he was, re- t Country to keep up, it surely would not he sufficient
moving the bandages, in order that nature might. l to have merely the same numerical force as in: .the
have her weer, He Mentioped
,these theories, such tinge of King Witliane and Queen Anne. 'We must
,
as the Quote Bill, the Provisional Cavalry, the Army have a force adequate to the new situation of affairs;
of Reserve Aet, and the Additional Force Ad,,all of and if we wished to beet: influence on the Conti--
Which had filled, lie denied that thete was any j new, we mast have an Arrany. capable of active there
danger of exciting mutiny or discontent ftom this with effect should circumstances present the op-
measure. He also contended that the calculation's. i
.portunitee The Right Honourable Gentleman had
kespeding the expence had been erroneous, He spoken as if there were some who talked cone'
denied that this measure trenched in the smallest *lptuously of wealth. -Who they were he coald
degree on the• Prerogative of the Crown ; ,for; unless gat tell—eat least lie never knew than ridicule of
the Mutity, Bill was passed every year, the King i that sort had much'success. But this at least was
could not have a Soldier. The instance of the East tree, that wealth alone would not satire greatness
India. Company's Soldiers was an answer to the oh- and that if a Nation wished to preserve its eminence,
eedions relative to the Colonial Service. He con- it enlist depend on the number and valeur of its
tended that there was no danger of a relaxation of own soldiers, not on 'its rrieuey to pay mercenaries.
discipline, as Soldiers never loved a Commander the To suppose that national greatness could be main-
better for great remissness in 'this respell. He sus- f tamed' without this, Was to assert what was cone
peeled that those who opposed the measure did it trary to all principle—to all common sense' —to-all•
from a desire to get into 'their places. One Noble experience. He then proceeded to consider the in-
Lord was so fond, of place, that he thought he was stances of the adoption of lithited service in foreign
reposing, while in place, on a bed of roses. He Armies; and contended, that not only the pradice,
might have had some tossings and tureblings, and bat the successful practice, was justified by the
have felt some of the roses folded under bins, a cite. example of Foreign Nations, particularly the French
chmstance which had given pain to a certain volup- and Swiss. He then showed that the spirit-of liberty
• tuaree The expression of his Right Hon. Friend, in' all times had improved the Soldier. Nor was this
now;no more, " Oh, my 'Country !" was not one disproved by the cases ofAlexander end Cesar. The
which might be expe&ed from a person reposing on former triumphed overehte Greeks divided, and over
a bed of roses. Another Gentleman (Mr. Canning) Asiatics it was the triumph of Europeans comparative-
did not consider the harness but the horses--net the ly free. In the case of Ceesur, many of his Troops
measures but the men. H;-re, however, there were might believe the pretences he held out, that they
both good harness and good horses, fought for liberty against tyranny and aristocracy.—
' The Question of the third reading was thee put As to what. was said of the danger of this
adopting
and carried. . measure in time of War, if it was good to be adopted,
Mr. ST URGES BOURNE then, rose, and ad- it ought to be begun in time of War ae well as in
;a
verted to the'difficulties to which both Houses were time-of Peace, and to do •so was, whatleis Noble
reduced by this measure 7 Here the ',Alembera were Friend- (Lord H. Petty) had wisely and truly said, to
deprived of the usual. opportunities of discussing it, spew real courage and maenanimity. As to trench-
bye its being proposed as a Clause in the Mutiny
.13;11,' ing .on the prerogative, all he' had to say was,
and that in a Committee. The Bill too must pass that it was undoebtedly competent to the House to
before a certain time, The other House would be . regulate any veer it conferred ; and to talk of the
nt a worse situation—for this being a Money Bill prerogative of tbeCrown to levy men an any couditi-
they could make no AmendMents. He contended curs was very idle, sitex the concurrence of Parliament
• that 'the prerogative of the Crown was trenched was necessary to pay and regulate else Army raised
upon ; and; after eds.:ening to the usual topics ef by prerogative. And would it' be contended that
the expence, the danger to the discipline of the the impression side 'by thetine measure; in this shape,
Are y, &c. &c. he concluded by moving his Amend- ,would eot be much greeter then if it Lai 'spathe
31ejt, That the services of the Soldiers shrouded h ffi
en- solely from eciel reeulatiele—eed therefore wtis.

1 -- 0

sot its success 04 ,that .account likely te be the
greater ?---As to the erect of the offer of a seven
years' service instead of for life, he conceived it self=. evidentq that it would procUre more 'men: ,As to the
di -,content of those now enlisted, he saw no danger
Of the kind. No iii effects of, that sort had sprung
from enlistment for a period during the American
War, or hi the instances in which it was adopted
since. In a word, he conceived the present measure
better calculated to give us a large Army than any
other—and such an army all men must agree was
-necessary, if we were determined to preserve our
greatness and pre-eminence as a Nation. .
Gen. NoaToN we c(suld not hear distinalv, but
we under stood he Ni.ras adverse to the measure and in
favour of the Amendment.

Mr. ROSE Jun. said, that the experiment of
limited service had, not succeeded in France for-
merly. In the seven years War,
.w hen France, with
a population of twenty-four Millions, had - only
140,000 French Troops on foot, it was found im-
prataicable to recruit them. And hi the beffirmino•
of the American War the system was abandoned,
and the Republic had been too...wise to, adopt it.'‘
Besides, desertion had been very great in the French
Armies.

PERcEVAL spoke strongly in favour Of the
Ainenc).:nent.

Thelli;u;e"
For the Aiiiericiment,' 103--Against it, 195
g5--Ma-
jority,
•
onty, g 2. . ,

The. Bill pi-sed without a division.--Adjourned at
Four o'clock.

MAILS.
AR.It IVY. D—t putt-2 liamb9tgb,. i Cottenburgh,
Lisbun, t Dublin, 2 Waterford..

PRICE ar• STOCKS
THIS OrtY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Cons. for oj)ning 6i J Red. Ann. 6, pOrnnium - 3

THE SU N.

SOLIM QUIS FALSUN! AUDEAT?

L 0 .N D 0

EATTJRDAY, JUNE 7, 1806.

Tnn Hamturgh /LW due on Sunday- has not
yet Arrived, but we Are enabled to anticipate it.
We have also received French and-Dutch Papers,
the latter of as late a .date as the 4th inst. We
have only room to extra& the principal articles of
intelligence which they Contain, without offering any
comments upon them,

LORD HEN 1117 PETTY stated yesterday in the House
ofCornmens, that in conserpJenee of the obje6lions
Which tad been made to the proposed Tax on
Piivate Brewing; he should not at present persist
in it;. but at tilt. same ' time he said 'he was 'so
Convinced of the equity of the principle ofmaking
those Who b;'ewed their own beer contribute to
the 'public burthens equally with those who spur-.
chased of the public Brewer, that he shOuld next
ytl:ar proi)ose a Tax Upon that principle, endea-
vouring, of course, tO render the application -of
it as little objec'tiOable as .possible. He also
gave notice that he 'should on Mon4ay nro-
Pose'to lay au additional Ten per Cent. on the As-
sessed Taxes, to *Make up for the deficiency that
5...0u1d be occasioned by giving up the Tax on Private.

Bre i.ving.

}-ha MAJESTY'S sight has much improved within
The laitfew days; a proof of the misconception of
those who pronounced the disorder a cataraa..

The following Changes will immediately take
place in, the Navy Department : Sir Taos. Tuomr-
SON, who behaved so gallantly in the Leander at the
Battle of the Nile, to. be Comptroller of the Navy,
in the room of Capt. NicITOLLS ; Sir ROBERT BAR-
LOW to be Deputy-Comptroller, in the room of -
Esq:; Capt. 1190 MAS HAAILTON to be a
COi-nruissioner of the. Navy in the room of, Capt.
ILtamoNn, who will retire on a Pension.
A new Surveyor is to be appointed in the room of
Sir JOHNT HENELOW ; we believe Mr. PEAKS, from
Deptford.

in addition to the above .oppointments, a Com-
missioner is intended to §uperintend-the works of
Deptford and Woolwich Yards..—Capt. CUNNING
nAm, from the Victualling Board, is named for this
duty.

DUEL.—Yestefday morning a meeting took place
at Chalk Farm, between Capt. EG—te, of the Royal
Artillery, and Mr. J—N, respeLaing some pri-
vate misunderstanding; when the parties exchanged
two shots, by. the latter of which Mr, was
slightly wounded in the arm. The Seconds inter-
fered, and an explanation took place. -
The fallowing Frigates and Brig • sailed from
L'Orient, the 27th of March, and are supposed to
be those which have arrived in the West Indies
Guerrierre,-48 guns, 24-pounders.
Revanche, i 8
Sirene, 44 -r8
Feheite, 44 -- r -
Neargue, 16 - 2 swive4.
The Brig .was taken by the •Niote Frigate a few
days after sailing. •

PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 6.—La3t night, at eleven
o'clock, the whole of the outward-bound Indiamen
put back in consequence of contrary winds; together
with the 4ritelope, of 50 guns, John Ball Cutter,
and the Sprightly Gun-brig.

BOEDLINGTON, JUNE s.—Arrived the Lion, HAR-
RISON, from Dram, in Norway.

SHEERNESS, JUNE s.—Arrived the Be?tette, and
made the Signal for Convoy to the South West.
The Swift has the Signal flying for Tonningen.
Sailed the Gorgon for Deptford, to take in stores.

EAL, J(412 6.—Arrived the Blanche .Frigate,
and the Speedwell Brig of War, from a Cruize, and
remain in the Downs with the

Edgar, Ctatton, -and"rrusty Men of War ; Clyde and Astrea
Frigates; EspieKle Sloop; Devastation, Vesuvius, Zebra,
rospero, Lucifer, -Explosion,
_and Ft.ry Bombs - V,Alorins
; Speen• -.44 Lugger ; Harmony Viftualleer ; and a
l,:ct of 9 un-brigs.4nti out ward.bound Vesszls.
