GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.

The Great Northern Railway Bill was read a first time.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and
the House adjourned at Two o'clock.

RAMSGATE-MONDAY.

During last night the wind blew very hard at S. S.E.,'ac-
companied by rain, which, towards morning, increased to a
strong gale. This day, about eleven o'clock A.m., his Majes-
ty's packet the Ferret, from Calais for Dover, came into this
port, having on board Lord Duncan, carriage, and several
passengers, who were landed here. The French mail-packet
La Poste, came in also from Calais this afternoon, and landed
her bags and passengers. Neither of these vessels were able
to get into Dover on account of the boisterous weather.
During the last few days a great number of vessels have put
in for shelter ; at present there are about 130 sail of different
descriptions in this harbour.
•

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TA TTERSALL'S.

Brother to Nell Gwynne, who is reported to have been tried on
Friday last, has been backed freely in the course of the last two or
three days, both for the Riddlesworth and Derby, and is now con-
siderably in advance of the prices quoted in our paper of Friday
last,: his advance appears to have shaken the confidence of those
who stand upon other favourites ; for, with the exception of two or
three trifling outside bets, nothing wa,s done yesterday worth notice.
For the Portland Handicap, Rioter has resigned his shortlived su-
premacy, and is now only nominally. at 6to 1 ; Sheet Anchor,
Holnsea, Pelops, and Revenge, are in force. Closing odds as
follow :

EIDDLESWORTH, P. T. (MONDAY NEXT.)
2 to 1 agst Ld Jersey's Brother to Nell Gwynne
Nothing else is mentioned for this stake.

TWO TIZOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES, P.P.
6 to 4 on Lord Lichfield's Elis agst Brother to Nell Gwynne, not
p. p. —tak en.

TOE TORTLAND HiNDICAr, r.r.
5 to 1 agst Mr. Mostyn's Birdlime—offered
5 to 1 agst Mr. Cooke's Sheet Anchor—take 11 to 2
6 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Hornsea—taken freely
6 to 1 agst Lord Warwick's Pelops--taks 7 to 1
6 to 1 agst Mr. Etwall's Revenge—taken
6to 1 agst Mr. Sowerby's Rioter—no backers
No others mentioned.

THE DERBY.
6 to 1 apt Mr. Ridsdale's lot—offered
6 to 1 agst IA Jersey's Bro. to Nell Gwynne—taken
8 to 1 agst Mr. E. Peel's The Mummy—offered
25 to 1 agst Lord Lichfield's Delphine colt—take 30 to 1
30 to 1 agst Duke of Richmond's Sepoy—taken
30 to 1 agst Mr Chifney's The Athenian—taken
30 to 1 agst Mr. Allen's Master of the Rolls—offered
40 tie 1 apt Colonel Peel's Slane—taken
Offers to back Mendizabal and Bamfylde at 20 to 1 each
500 even between Slane and Delphine

CHELTENHAM SPRING MEETING, SATURDAY.
The Segrave Stakes of 10 sovs. each, with 20 added, for hunters
that have regularly hunted with Lord Segrave's hounds in 1835
and 1836. Thorough bred horses to carry 141 b. extra. Glou-
cestershire Stakes Course ; gentlemen riders ; four leaps over
hurdles ; horses to be ridden by their owners ; the winner to pay
half the expense of the hurdles. 5 Subs.
Mr. Pearce's Drover Owner 1
Captain V. Jenkins's Topsy 2
Colonel Charretie's ch. g. Mr. Braham...
A Hack Xtakes of A sovs. each, with 20 added. Heats, one mile.
list. 71b. The winner to be sold for 30 sovs. Gentlemen
riders or yeomen. 6 Subs.
Mr. Fowell's ch. m. Bessy Owner 1 2 0 1
Mr. Cookes's b. g. Cockfighter 3 1 0 2
Mr. Cottrell's Blank
Mr. Jones's b. m. The Duchess 4 4dr
The Hunters' Stakes of 10 cove. each, with 20 added, for any horse
that shall have started in either of the two Steeple Chases ; 12st.
each ; gentlemen riders. The same course as the Segrave Stakes,
with the same leaps; the winner of the first Steeple Chase to
carry 10lb. extra, and of the second 41b. extra 3 subs.
Mr. Patrick's Single Peeper Mr. Patrick 1
Captain V. Jenkins's Brush 2
A Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 10 added, for horses not
thorough bred. About. one mile and three quarters. Three
yrs-old, Ost. 71b. ; four, lOst. 61b. ; five, list. 41b. ; six and aged,
12st. A winner to carry 101 b. extra. Gentlemen riders. 5 Subs.
Mr. Phelps's b. g. Walker, aged Mr. Jones 1
Mr. Yearsley's br. g. Chance, 5 yrs

STAMP DUTIES BILL.—The Bill to consolidate
and amend the laws relating to the Stamp Duties was read a
first time last night, and ordered to be read a second time on
the 11th of April.
A FEMALE THIEF-TAKER.—On Monday last,
at the Merionethshire Assizes, a man, named William Wil-
liams, was sentenced to be transported for life for stealing a
mare. The Judge (Baron Gurney) thanked and compli-
mented the principal witness, a woman, called Williams, in the
name of the public and the country at large, for her courageous
and praiseworthy conduct in stopping the mare, and appre-
hending the prisoner.
Died yesterday, at Gateacre, near this town, Henry
Roscoe, Esq., Barrister at Law, aged 37, the youngest son of
the late William Roscoe, Esq. We have never recorded the
death of any person with more sincere regret, for we have
rarely heard of any man whose life was more actively useful,
and whose character was more free from fault than Mr. Ros-
coe's. His legal talents and attainments were of the highest
order. The political opinions of Mr. Roscoe, (like those of
the rest of his accomplished family,) were liberal, and they
were avowed with the manliness which characterised his life.
When the Commission for investigating the Municipal Cor-
porations was issued, he was selected as one of the Commis-
sioners, and he performed his duty with courage and fidelity.
Tender and manly feelings were admirably mingled in his dis-
position ; he possessed the rare combination of genius andin-
dustry. Mr. Roscoe has left a widow and two children.—
Liverpool Chronicle.
THE EUPHRATES EXPEDITION.—The following
is an extract of a letter from an officer of his Majesty's ship
Columbine, dated Malta, 7th March :—" The difficulties and
obstructions which the expedition may still meet with on the
Euphrates, will be chiefly those of rapids or falls in the river,
and attacks from the predatory tribes of Arabs frequenting the
banks. Colonel Chesney has, however, already obtained the
good-will of some of their chefs, and if they should become
persuaded of the ultimate advantages to themselves by the
opening of this channel for commerce, the steamers may pass
down unmolested. Ibrahim Pacha was at Aleppo raising
troops ; he has already a large force on the Karamania coast,
chiefly in the vicinity of Jersoos, where hostilities between
him and the Turkish army are anticipated. It is said that he
purposes forming a depot or arsenal at Scandaroon, and he is
now building extensive barracks at Payas, a small town on the
coast, about three miles from the former place. Ibrahim re-
ceived the visit of the officers of the expedition with much
affability, and appeared to be anxious to assist them in every
way • whether his motives for his unusual civility be disinte-
rested or not, will be found out by and bye. Scandaroon is
about 40 miles from the mouth of the Orontes, the original
landing place of the expedition. About half way between the
town and Payas, stands the ruin of an arch, supported by two
pillars, reported (but on what authority I know not) to have
been erected in commemoration of the deliverance of Jonah
from the whale's belly, this being the spot where the said
whale is supposed to have run on shore.—Devonport Te-
legraph.

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Another glorious majority has sealed the triumph of Re-
form. The Irish Municipal Reform" Bill passed the House of
Commons last night, after an animated debate, by 260
votes against 199, showing a majority which is considerably
larger in proportion to the numbers in the House than the
one against Lord F. Egerton's " instruction." The Go-
vernment was supported on that occasion by a majority of
64 votes in a House of 550 members—the members pre-
sent on this division were 4.59, and the Ministerial majority
61. But the majority would not only have been relatively,
but also absolutely larger than the former one, but for the
unavoidable absence of several Liberal members. The two
Messrs. Ord, Messrs. Ruthven, Bodkin, and Hoskins, were
absent from illness ; other members have been mentioned
to us who were absent from other causes, and, on the whole,
the'result of the division is most gratifying to the friends of
Reform, and must carry proportionate dismay into the ranks
of its enemies. The most forcible and brilliant speech de-
livered last night was undoubtedly that of Mr. Sheil ;
and the cold and measured periods of Sir Robert Peel con-

stituted but a poor reply to the convincing and genuine
eloquence of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman. Mr.
Ward exposed the whole merits of the question in a speech
which is well worthy the attention of our readers, and the
sophistical arguments of the Tory Leader were ably met in
the concluding address of Mr. Sergeant O'Loghlen. Sir
Robert Peel was by no means happy last night ; perhaps
the consciousness of being engaged in a hopeless cause dis-

pirited him. The crack-Tory -speech of the evening was
undoubtedly that of Sir William Follett. The debate of
last night did not exhibit the Tories to much advantage.
The cause of their hostility to the measure was sufficiently
obvious throughout the discussion. The Reformers have
gained by Municipal Reform in England and Scotland, and
they would gain also by Municipal Reform in Ireland. But
the
inre
Ida day
wnho
itc
hs a in so
has
as been manyf words,
found
we
beneficial
oppose a
inEngland
nglamea-
suren d
and Scotland, because it would add to the strength of the
Reformers. And yet they might as well have stated this
at once, for they could urge nothing in the shape of ar-
gument against the measure. The majority of the Irish
are Catholics, and to give power, they say, to the . majo-
rity would be to place the minority at their mercy. But
the majority of the English are Protestants ; and who
would think of opposing Corporation Reform in England
because the Protestant majority might oppress the Catholic
minority ? But then there is a difference between Protes-
tants and Catholics! So it would appear, and yet we were,
not aware that after the Catholics had been admitted to
all the privileges of citizens, their religion could still
be urged as a reason for making a distinction be-
tween them and Protestants in matters of civil right.
Another argument equally feeble was urged, that Ireland
differed in many respects from England. But because the
condition of Ireland is not identical with that of England,
is this a reason for withholding from Ireland the benefit of
local administrations ? If municipal corporations be con-
ducive to the prosperity and welfare of a country, and Ire-
land is not so prosperous as England, there is only the
more reason for communicating the benefit of these insti-
tutions to the sister island. The argument, in fact, lies in
a nutshell, and no one can be at a loss to discern both the
motives of the Tories and the weakness of their arguments.
The country will watch the proceedings of the Assembly to
which the Bill is now consigned with intense anxiety.—
Morning Chronicle.
The opposition given to the Irish Municipal Bill strik-
ingly resembles an argument once used in the Hou.se. of
Commons against the abolition of slavery, by an extensive
slave-owner. This dealer in human flesh defended the
barbarous traffic by endeavouring to show the vices and
wicked propensities of the negroes. " You can have no
idea," said he, "of the depravity of this perfidious race.
Will you believe it, that many of them, preferring death
to slavery, after they have been purchased and paid for,
either stab themselves or jump into the sea ? By these
means the pUrchasers are exposed to great loss. But this
is only one instance of the perfidy of this abominable race."
With a similar spirit, and equally cogent reasoning, the
opponents of the Irish Corporation Bill pour forth the most
virulent calumnies against the Roman Catholics, and charge
them with sedition and rebellion, because they do not rest
tranquil under the undeniable wrongs and persecution of
which they are the victims. With the Tories it is persecution
to be deprived of the power of persecution, and on this
principle they contend, that to admit the Roman Catholics
of Ireland to an equal participation in municipal govern-
ment, is to perpetrate the grossest outrage on the old cor-
porators, who have so long enjoyed a vested interest in the
plunder of their fellow-citizens. This, according to a con-
temporary, is "the main and valid objection ; the pretended
principle is not the true principle, and the whole measure
is nothing better than a downright fraud." Such is the of-
fensive trash diurnally belched forth, and from which every
mind of common sense and decency turns with disgust.
The pretended principle, it is asserted, is not the true prin-
ciple, because the basis of the measure being equal rights to
all without reference to religious creed, the Protestant
minority, or rather faction, cannot exert any dominant
sectarian influence, but must be content with a share
of municipal government proportionate to their num-
bers and property. Is this the infliction of a wrong ?
Are we to be mocked with the semblance of religious

liberty, and precluded from the reality ? How can the
Roman Catholics of Ireland be expected to remain tranquil,
while treated as a degraded race, unworthy of admission to
the rank of citizens ? What is the chief cause of agitation,
riot, and bloodshed in Ireland ? Persecution in every shape
and kind—the persecution of landlords, Churchmen, and.
Orangemen. Hitherto the whole system of Irish govern-
ment has been nothing but persecution, and yet the op-
pressed are censured for not quietly submitting- to the op-
pressor. " Strike where I may," said the drummer to a sol-
dier whom he was flogging, " I cannot please you." The
same complaint is made against the population of Ireland
—they evince equal symptoms. of inquietude by whatever
hand the lash is inflicted. In the debate last night there were
no new arguments adduced on either side. The speeches
of Messrs. Shaw and Lefroy evinced the usual portion
of rabid intolerance. These are the gentlemen whose ex-
ertions are really the best calculated to advance a Repeal
of the Union ; for in endeavouring to withhold equal rights
from the whole population of Ireland, they furnish the
best justification for seeking a separate Legislature. It is
objected to the extension of laws to Ireland similar to
those of England, that while the latter enjoys the blessings
of social liberty, the former is cursed with terrorism and
slavery ? But are the horrors into which misgovernment
has plunged the country to be alleged as a reason why a
better system should not be established ? Are the igno-
rance, degradation, and crime consequent upon unjust
laws, to be admitted in excuse for their continuance ?

Let it be remembered, that resistance to oppression is a
duty—and there are seven millions of Roman Catho-
lics in Ireland influenced by this sentiment. Is it
safe or just to coerce them ? Have we the power,
if we have the \will ? Shall we make them rebels, when by
a just policy we can bind them in the indissoluble bonds of
affection and respect for the Government which protects
and secures them the enjoyment of their civil and religious
rights ? In fact, there has not been any argument brought
forward against the measure—the whole opposition is based_
upon abuse and calumnious assertion, too fulsome to be re-
plied to, and which can have no other effect than to gain
for their promulgators general ignominy and execration.
The debate in the Commons is intended solely as an expe-
riment to prove to what extent the Lords may carry their
hostility. But we caution them, for their own sakes, not
to provoke a collision. Hereditary legislation is a subject
that cannot bear discussion, and every time it is mooted the
public become more convinced of its absurdity and fraud.—
forning Advertiser.

It is with feelings of deep regret we have to an-
nounce that our worthy and highly esteemed townsman, the
Rev. Dr. John Scott, who has been minister of the Mid Parish
Church for upwards of forty years, died here this morning, at
six o'clock.—Greenock Infelligencer.
HATS OFF SOLDIERS.—Under this title a dialogue
has been published, in which the Mayor of Scarborough is
made to play a part so ridiculous, that no person who knows
that gentleman could, for a moment, suspect that he would
be guilty of the egregious folly, which it suits the purpose
of a Tory paper to insinuate against him. Some artillerymen
are introduced as being desirous of getting the Mayor's signa-
ature to certificates entitling them to pensions. Mayor—Set-
jeant, tell those fellows to take their hats off. Serjeant—Why,
Sir, they saluted you as soldiers always do. Mayor—Tell
them to take their hats off, I say. Serjeant—A soldier never
takes off his cap, Sir ; it is against the regulations of the ser-
vice. Mayor--Mind, I have not signed their certificates, and
perhaps I may not; do you know who I am? Serjeant—Yes.
Sir, very well. I dare say you will do your duty, but I must
do mine. .1f the Commander-in-Chief were here, I dare not
order a soldier to take his cap off. Mayor—D—n
the Corn-
wander-in-Chief, what do I care for him ? But—, and as if a
bright thought had struck him, his worship rang the bell vio-
lently, and on the appearance of his factotum, roared at the
top of his voice, Will, bring my hat. The hat was brought ;
the representative of Majesty quickly put it on, and exultingly
cried, Now we are even, I can sign the certificates; to which
he accordingly affixed his sign manual.
THE WIGAN BEER BARREL.—WC do liope that
cur neighbours in Wigan will make a strenuous and determined.
cart at the next election to free themselves from the disgrace
which is now brought upon their town by the sad and frequent
exhibitions made in the Commons by their Tory Member. It
is a melancholy spectacle to behold such degrading. exposures
even in private life, but in a public man it is revolting and in-
tolerable._. iverpool Chronicle.
The passage across the King's Ferry on the Dee is
now effected by Mr. Bowdell's invention. On a recent occa-
sion, two stage-coaches and eight horses were taken across,
without either unharnessing the horses, the coachman leaving
The coaches were driven, on
tt
}hoe
vb.eosxs,e ol ro
of
tnrya
ntismiteabt eainingoldoesrta.
te speed, and after making
.the
passage, were driven off again in the same manner.— Cambrian.

1):
