" VIVA LA PATRIA!

" Citizens, though the Government have not
yet received an official account of the entrance
of General San -Martin into the capital of Peru,
they hasten to announce it to you as certain, on
the following statement :

" LETTER FROM A RESPECTABLE ENGLISH RESIDENT IN
SANTIAGO DE CHILI, TO ANOTHER IN THIS CITY.
" Santiaga, Aug. 13, One &Clock.
" My dear Friend,—The glorious news of
the fall of Lima has just arrived. The Monte-
z ima has come into port with the official account
that General San Martin has entered Lima by
force of arms.—Give Games 150 dollars if he
should be the first to bring' the news.'
" The bearer of the preceding letter is D. F.
Games, who was in the valley of La Aconcagua,
laying in provisions for passing the Cordilleras,
and conveying to Mendoza arms and money for
the Government of Chili, when the intelligence
arrived there of the occupation of Lima by the
liberating army, and was celebrated by salutes
of cannon and other rejoicings. Games relates
that he immediately repaired to the house of the
Governor of the town of La Aconcagua, obtained
a copy of the dispatch, and undertook the pas-
sage of the Cordilleras ; that from a consider-
able height he saw that a man on the declivity,
with a white flag, was making a signal to him to
descend, and that as lie would- not venture to de-
scend, the man with the white flag, who proved
to be an English gentleman, came up to him and
delivered the said letter, confirming the news.
Games left the copy of the dispatch which he
took at La Aconcagua in the hands of the Go-
vernor of Mendoza.
" The glorious war of our independence is,
after eleven years, thus finally terminated. The
immense and fertile territories which extended
from the Rio de la Plata to the Orinoco are now
independent in fact and in right ; and there re-
main in them nothing more of tyranny, except its
ruins. They will be happy—for so the Great
Being who governs the destiny of nations, and
who, after three centuries of opprobrium, oppres-
.sion, and slavery, has looked with eyes of com-
passion on America, has decreed they shall be."
ANOTHER IMPORTANT PIECE of INTELLIGENCE.
" The same Games says, that at the time of
his passage the troops which had left Mendoza
against Carrera, were at nine leagues distance
from their camp, and that afterwards the news
reached him on the road, that on the 24th of
August he had been routed and obliged to fly
with precipitation—that he himself saw the letter
which the Commander-in-Chief had sent to La
'Rioja by way of precaution, least Carrera should
take refuge in that town.
" Far from us be barbarous despotism, folly,
and licentious anarchy, in order that true liberty
may be established on the first foundations of
liberty and justice."
To the information contained in the bulletin,
we subjoin extracts from private letters, received
at the same time :
" BUENOS AYRES, SEPT. 2.—1 have hardly
time to acquaint you with the glorious news of
tha capture of Lima by General San Martin.
" The official accounts are not yet arrived, in
consequence of a heavy fall of snow in the Andes
just after the express had passed.
" The capture of Lima by force of arms being
announced, may create some alarm to parties
interested in that city ; it ought, however, to be
observed, that Lima is not a fortress likely to
be taken by assault; but that it is much more
probable that the obstinacy of the Spanish Au-
thorities forced General San Martin to approach
Lima, when a last attempt would be made by
the troops remaining under the banners/ of the
Viceroy, to repel the Chilian army ; this having
failed, the latter would march into the city with-
out resistance, and without a previous capitula-
tion. It is, however, to be hoped that strict
discipline was observed, as the great mass of the
population of Lima would receive the Chilians
as friends and liberators ; and as it always had
been the object of the Government Of Chili, and
of General San Martin, to preserve Lima from a
violent transition to independence, and from the
commotions 'attendant on a temporary suspension
of law and police, in a town in which the lower
classes are dreaded by the wealthy."
" BUENOS AYRES, SEPT. 4.—On the 2d instant
we received the important intelligence of the
capture of Lima, by the forces of General San
Martin, by a letter from Santiago de Chili, dated
13th August ; and although the details have not
yet arrived, still no doubt is, entertained of the
fact, from the previous well-known distressed
state they were in from want of provisions, the
divisions that existed, and from San Martin
having refused to prolong the armistice. The
official details are hourly expected ; the Mary
'will sail for Liverpool in the course of the week,
and by that time we probably shall have the
fullest information."
The following extract from a Buenos Ayres
Gazette of the 29th of August conveys some in-
teresting details of the previous state of Lima,
which acquire additional value, in the absence of
the official account, from the increased probabi-
lity they give to its actual surrender. In a
question involving commercial interests of such
high importance, too much caution cannot be ex-
ercised in forming a correct judgment of the real
situation of affairs :
" Santiago de Chili, July 17.—1 n consequence
of the arrival of the linglish frigate commanded
by Captain Spencer at Valparaiso, we learn by
an extraordinary courier, who arrived here on
