LONDON, WEDNESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 2, 1833.

(No. 12,578.)

FRANCE.

THE WRON(S OF POLAND-O. P. Q.'S AD-
DRESS TO THE REFORMED BRITISH PAR-
LIAMENT.

" Europe, bear my voice ; 'tis the voice of martyrdom !
Schr)neeld knows how to die, hut knows not how to yield.
Look on from a:al-, thou prudent Europe, and admire
those whom thou Jarest not assist !
"And thou, whose boasted friendship revived the mon-
ster we bad stifled in our arms (as the fabled Ceres was
R lid to revive AL-rue, whom Hercules had subdued in
vain).
" Tremble, ,1,- Court of Berlin—thou barbarous and
perfidious Cour Haply, one day, the descendants of the
heroes of Ligny will fall on thy devoted city, and doom
thee to as swift d ,f:truction as that which Rigny's fleet in
flicted on the stupid k.)st of the Infidel."—D' Arblay's
Chant Guerrier ,;c 7541onizis.

To the EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE.
Paris, Dec. 29, 1832.

Sir,—l am ::':out to address the members of
the Reformed ;ritish Parliament, and my ad-
dress will to-da- be confined to " the Wrongs
of Poland ! I could not select a more
approptia.., til in. a mo%o to
my letter extract which I have prefixed
from a delicious poem which accident has thrown
in my way, and which is entitled, " Chant
Guerrier des Polonais, on Skrynecki (levant
Varsovie. Par Alexandre d' Arblay." The
poem bears the date of London, 1831, and
though written in French, is accompanied by
an eloquent and highly finished English transla-
tion. Those of your readers who may not have
seen the work, will do well to purchase it, for
its price is but a shilling, and it is full of lofty
thoughts, noble principles, and true feeling. I
never heard of the poem or of the author till a
few days since, when accident threw this book
across my path ; and I have since then repeated
yet a thousand times, to myself an extract from
one of the stanzas I have above cited—
" Look on from afar, thou proudest Europe, and admire
those whom thou darest not assist ! ! !"
Gentlemen, Members of the British Reformed
Parliament,—l shall now address myself to you
—and my subject is " The Wrongs of Poland."
Will you listen to me ? You are bound to do so
—you cannot refuse—you owe it to huma-
nity—to your constituents—to your country—
to the cause of civil and religious liberty all
the world over—to religion—and to God! I did
not address myself to an unreformed Parliament,
because we had no right to expect either mercy, jus-
tice, patriotism, love of liberty, or religion from it.
When the propositions which were submitted
to it were rejected, I felt no surprise, and ex-
pressed no astonishment. It is a maxim as true
in the political and moral, as in the physical
world, that a " bad tree will bring forth bad
fruit," and he must be a veritable blockhead who
will hope to gather a vintage of grapes from fur-
rows of thistles. The fear of the triumph of
4‘ the Social Revolution Party" in England
frightened the old Parliament into the Reform
Bill, and secured its passing. We owe to that
Parliament no thanks for the measure. They
trembled lest its rejection should lead to the
division of property—to the inspection of their
title-deeds—to the annulling of the National
Debt—and to the destruction of their privileges
and honours ; and so they made a compromise
with the people, and passed the Reform Bill.
I do not, therefore, except front my denuncia-
j tions of the acts of the last Legislature any one
of its acts, nor render it thanks for any one of
its measures. If it could have resisted the people
any longer it would have done so, and it yielded
only to " A Birmingham Union ;" which was
in itself a glorious and a bloodless revolution.
We owe, then, to the :old Parliament, nothing
but our maledictions, and we turn from the long,
long, night of a dark, a howling, and a ruinous
winter, to the rising sun of an opening, smiling,
promising spring morning. We know that the
spring time is changeable, that the cloud often
follows quickly on the sunshine, and that light
breezes will ruffle the blossoms which look so
promising and pleasing ; but then, thank God, it
is spring; and spring is the fore-runner of sum-
mer—and summer will lead us to the fruits,
and produce, and abundance, of harvest ! Yes,
yes ! the long dark howling night of winter,
when Tories took from us our liberties—de-
prived us of our rights—and called themselves
" watchmen" and " conservatives," instead of
thieves and robbers—is passed away--and let
us now hope that a British Reformed Parlia-
ment will listen with an attentive ear, a feeling
heart, and a vigorous mind, to the " Wrongs of
Poland ;" and that this Parliament will redress
them !

I have selected this moment, Gentlemen, for
addressing you on this subject, because on this
day, this very day, that most wily, most talented,
most ingenious, most subtle, most arbitrary diplo •
matist, Count Pozzo di Borgo, Ambassador of his
Most Christian Majesty the Emperor of all the
Russias, leaves this capital for that of London,
and will iarrivo in yrsllv nity okt the ocanas. iimt gao
this letter. I wish it, then, to meet him on Tues-
day morning next at his breakfast-table ; he will
be sure to read it ; and he will not improbably
render an account of it to his most humane, en-
lightened, and Christian master at St. Peters-
burgh ! The Count visits London for many
objects. I will specify them all in a few words.
He leaves, then, to carry on, and complete, if
possible, the negotiations for a Russian Loan—
he leaves to protest at London against any in-
terference on the part of the British Government
in the affairs of Poland—he leaves to throw his
influence into the scale in favour of the King of
Holland—he leaves to denounce the liberal po-
licy of the Queen of Spain as dangerous—he
leaves to procure, if possible, the recognition of
Don Miguel as King of Portugal—and he leaves
to declare that the Russian Government cannot
see without alarm the advance of the Pacha of
Egypt, the dangerous position of the Turkish
empire, and the determination of the Emperor
Nicholas to act as mediator and pacificator !
These are the objects of his mission. He has
great talent, abundant resources, a host of spies,
and will succeed in every thing he desires, unless
defeated by your virtue, your patriotism, and
your humanity.
The Count Pozzo di Borgo visits London at
this moment, in order to avoid congratulating
Louis Philip on the return of the Ist of January,
and in order to prevent his annoying the Tuile-
ries by saying too little, or the Cabinet of St.
Petersburgh by saying too much. As the
Nuncio of the Pope is not present, the Rus-
sian Minister should address to the King of the

French " words of peace and amity ;" but he
has no instructions to do this, and he therefore
hastens his departure. It takes place to-day, and
he will open his British campaign on the Ist of
January. I am, therefore, in the field before
him. My letter will be published in the Chro-
nicle before he shall even have paid his first visit
of ceremony, and the Prince de Talleyrand may
present him with your Tuesday's Journal as a
new year's present. lam anxious that when he
asks the bankers of London for a loan, they
should meet him with a demand for a redress of
" the wrongs of Poland ;" that when he speaks
of Spain, of Portugal, Belgium, and Greece,
Poland should be rung in his ears ; and that when
he pleads for the King of Holland, the British Go-
vernment should urge the cause of the inhabitants
of Warsaw ; that when he flatters and compliments
your Whig Nobility and your Whig Members of
the House of Commons (and he will do this), the
word " Poland" should be replied to him ; and
that when, at the Court of St. James's, or at
the Palace of Windsor, he shall protest the
decire ofthe Court of St. Petersburgh to
maintain the most close and sincere alliance with
that of Great Britain—Lord Palmerston, aye,
and William the Fourth should himself reply to
the obsequious but jesuitical Minister, " We
doubt not, M. Le Comte, of the sincerity of
your protestation, but let us first have, if you
please, the redress of the wrongs of Poland." I
am anxious that if he goes to the theatre, he
should hear Polish airs—that if he visits Al.
mack's, he should see Polish colours—that if he
dines with the city of London, he should hear
as a toast, " To the regeneration and happiness
of Poland ;" that if he appears in a procession,
the word " Poland" should be cried by the mul-
titude, and that he may thus feel and know that
reformed England, with her Reformed Parlia-
ment, is resolved net only to pity but to redress
" the wrongs of Poland." Thus the visit of
M. Pozzo di Borgo to England will be emi-
nently beneficial to the best of causes ; and in a
few weeks he may have to write home to the
Emperor—" Sire, if Poland be crushed, you
can obtain no more loans—no more allies—and
no more Treaties."

Gentlemen of the Reformed British House of
Commons, let me now present you with a plain
recital of the wrongs of Poland, and a faithful
picture of her present condition. This is my
duty ; yours will succeed ! You will have to
address the Throne—to speak to the Govern-
ment and to the King of Great Britain with a
firm, respectful, and affectionate voice; and to
thunder in the ears of an ignorant, uncivilized,
and cruel Russian despot, " that the wrongs of
Poland must be redressed ! !"

Poland is deprived, by the Emperor Nicholas,
of her independent existence. This is contrary
to all existing treaties, and a violation of the
terms of the European settlement of 1815. Po-
land is a Russian province. This is also an
attack on engagements made, conventions signed,
and treaties solemnly ratified. Poland no longer
by its national independence exists as a barrier to
the untired ambition of the Russian Czars; and
if the blotting out of the kingdom of Poland
from the map of Europe be tolerated by you,
there is nothing to prevent the Russian Go-
vernment from marching hundreds of thou-
sands of troops to Germany, or the west
or south of the Continent. Poland is deprived
of her national army—of her national colours—
of her national language—and of her national
" Diet." Her Nuncios are banished—her No-
bles are proscribed—their property is confiscated
—their sons are sent to Siberia—and their wives
and daughters, under pain of perpetual exile,
are interdicted from corresponding with the
husbands of their bosoms and the authors of
their beings. Poland is deprived of a free Press
—of journals, of books—of even the right of
instructing the rising generation in the French
language and in French history ; and a professor
whether public or private, dare not, but at the
risk of his life, teach any child in all Poland
that one little word LIBERTY ! Poland is de-
prived of the secrecy of letters. All corres-
' pondences are opened ! all travellers are searched
and examined with the most minute and death-
' chilling rudeness and vulgarity. An exiled son
may no longer send to his widowed mother even
a bulletin of his health, and the father may no
longer assure his children that he is not laid low
in the grave. Poland no longer has the right of
indicating any ameliorations, as necessary in her
political or moral situation ; and the snows of
Siberia are not cold enough to satisfy the Rus-
sian Court as the dwelling-place of him who
shall dare in Poland even to speak of the revo-
lution. The children of the Poles have been
dragged by thousands from their parents, and
transported by force to be educated in Russian
schools and military colonies, where the name
of their country is never pronounced but with
contumely or anathemas. Polish soldiers have
ivcii tiaa,K 214 Lbc point of clic bayonet
from the Prussian dominions under promises of
pardon ; but on their arrival on the Polish terri-
tory, they have been thrown into dungeons, or
banished to the mountains of Asia, or the death
and the darkness of Siberia. In foreign lands,
the Poles who have escaped from the sanguinary
vindictiveness of Russian sabres, are pursued
with the ferocious edicts and decrees of Russian
diplomacy. In Prussia they have been put to
death—from some of the smaller states of Ger-
many they have been banished, to afford satis-
faction to the Czar—and in France they are
hunted out, watched over, and pursued with a
blood-hound keenness and a disgraceful activity,
by Russian spies and Russian emissaries. They
They are not permitted to reside in the French
capital, under pain of the Ambassador of Rus-
sia demanding his passports ; and a small Com-
mittee of the noblest and bravest of the land
of Skrynecki have just received orders to leave
for the French Departments. It is hoped
by such a concession to preserve peace—
and to satisfy the horse-leech propensities of
Russian ambition. But no !—" Give—Give'
—is the supposed cry of the creature to which
I have alluded—and as with that animal, so
with the Court of St. Petersburgh—you cannot
content it by concession, and can only attack it
with success by reducing it to inanition.
Poland is governed by her worst enemies—by
her hereditary haters-if-by unprincipled governors
—by sycophantic and subservient slaves--and
by those who pander to the appetites of Mos-
cow nobles, and the Czar of the Arctic Circle.
Private property is not respected—confiscations

have taken place to an immense amount—
trade and commerce are ruined—the peasants
arc reduced to slavery—the merchants to bank-
ruptcy—and even the Jews to despair. If a
Pole dare to speak of independence, or to ex-
press a hope for the reformation of his country,
he is put to death ;—and at Cronstadt the fine
limbs of ,Polish patriots are exposed to the tor-
ture and the lash—to dungeons and to death—
because they would not swear fidelity to their
hereditary oppressor and to their Royal enemy.
This is a picture of Poland on the 29th Decem-
ber, 1832. I pledge myself to you, Gentlemen,
that it is a faithful picture. The journey of
Lord Durham to St. Petersburgh has effected
no good. Since his entreaties and his protests
were made, the Russian Government has even re-
sorted to new cruelties—more galling acts of hu-
miliation—and a more oppressive system ofpolicy.
France has represented in vain—Lord Durham
has interceded in vain—and it is now for you,
the free representatives of a free people, the most
powerful and the most free in Europe—for you,
whmare, no longer the paid hirelings of an Anti-
National oligarchy, but the Reformed Members
of a Reformed Legislature—to pronounce but
four words, " Poland shall be independent."
The Emperor dreads you The Emperor
knows that Reform is a means, and not an end
The Emperor has, therefore, sent his most zealous
and most able representative amongst you. M.
Pozzo di Borgo will be with you when you shall
read this letter, and let the ingenious and subtle
Minister learn from your own lips, and from
your own address, that " the wrongs of Poland
must be redressed ! !"

" No, thou hast not seen thy last day—thou
whom Albion admires—thou by whom France
was saved. All is not lost ! 0 Poland !"

For the voice of the British Reformed Legis-
lature shall declare that Poland shall be free !!
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
0. P. Q.
