Parliamentary reputation. It shows, at toast, that
the march of intellect miry imply a retrogade move-
ment as well as one in advance, and that Alma
.3fater estimates the value of her sons, as some
worldly fathers have been found to do, not by
their acquirements and capacities, but by their
pliability for minor interested objects. For what,
after all, is the real secret of this oppcsition to
Reform in the University of Cambridge ? What
is it that has placed Mr. William Peel in the situa-
tion of its representative but the very same principle
which drove his brother from the sister University
—the dryad lest the liberal spirit of the age should
find its way into these seats of learning themselves;
and, above all, lest this bated word Reform should
steal in at the portals of our collegiate and eccle-
siastical establishments ? As the friends to both of
them, we earnestly hope and believe that it will;
nor will the University sending two anti-reformer-
to Parliament be able, happily, in any way to ward
off this consequence. The time is gone by when
the cant of endeavouring to persuade mankind to
hallow abuses, or of confounding Reform with in-
novation, will any longer succeed ; and the clerical
voters at Cambridge greatly overrate their own im-
portance if they imagine that, by thus opposing
themselves to the recorded feelings of so Lrge
portion of their countrymen, they can hope to de-
feat the progress of that Reform which the nation
asks, and a patriotic Monarch wills.—Morn. Herald.
Among the late returns of men adverse to Reform,
there is one which stands out in such a manner as
not to admit of the possibility of its passing unno-
ticed. We mean the return for Cockermouth, where
Sir James Scarlett appears as the nominee of the
Lowthers. And are all his big promises come to
this ? Can it be that the once burly barrister is in-
debted for a seat in Parliament to the progeny of
Sir James Lowther, the Cumberland attorney ?
There be political vicissitudes, changes of opinions,
modifications and varieties of political connection,
which admit of some sort of explanation, excuse, or
apology. Sir James Scarlett did his utmost in that
way not long s'rice, when, in his verbose address
(far the pretended speech was never spoken) to
the electors of Mahon, he endeavoured to explain
to vulgar comprehensions the delicate subtleties and
ingenious varieties of his political opinions and con-
due-, so as to make himself out the most consistent
of men, and the most hardly-judged-of by a vile cen-
sorious Press and public. It would have been too
long to have pursued the wily old hero of Nisi
Prius through all the sophistries of his tedious de-
clamation; but we are now saved the pains. The
riddle is read. Sir James Scarlett has become the
nominee in Parliament of Lord Lansdale, and there
is none so simple as to desire further accounts of his
political principles or character.—Mortaing Chronicle.

The glories of Liverpool do not exceed (that
would be impossible), but they will keep pace with
these of the country at large. She has nobly re-
deemed her character and credit. But now let us
turn to Alma Mater Cambridge. Do the bigotted
and sordid creatures who are now busy, from the
Judge to the Curate, in covering her with disgrace,
in exposing their parents' shame, really fancy that
this one single spot can stand dry amidst the flood
of virtue and Reform which is sweeping the land
in its fun tide f Will the cleansing tide leave Cam-
bridge University alone, untouched, to its native
pollution ? So ridiculous a notion cannot remain
many days in the fuels where, by chance, it
may have found admission. The Cambridge Par-
sons and Heals of Houses cannot seriously expect
to make head alone against the w hole people of
the United Kingdom. It is not, therefore, from
any Idea of the consequences of this pernicious folly
injuring the great cause of Reform that we feel any
sorrow for the more than monkish ignorance which
is now exhibiting at Cambridge, under the auspices
of Messes. Goulburn and Peel. But we are some-
what alarmed for Cambridge herself. Will she and
the Church Estaolisliment sot suffer by this perti-
nacious resistance to the universal will and feeling?
S.me stupid fear about tithes and fellowships, no
doubt, has been the lever by which the Goulburns
and Peats have worked. Are tithes and fellow-
eihips much more secure in the general disgust into
which their owners have fallen, since their conduct
.has exposed their base and selfish motives ? But one
weed as to these champions of tithes and fellow-
ships. We give the University much joy of such
steady anal vigorous support 1 How loudly did the
same men bawl for the Protestant Church against
the Catholics and Dissenters ! Who so ready, when
it suited their own purposes, to turn sharp round
and, leaving the Church in the lurch, to vote for
both the Test Repeal and the Emancipation Acts?
These are truly the Goulhurn and Peel tribe. Fit
men to be trusted ! Well may we repeat of them
what Mr. Tierney said of their deceased idol, Lord
Castlereagh, " Trust him I Gracious God ! Trust
the Noble Lord !! !"—Morning Chronicle.
Mr. Duncombe has retired from the contest in
Yorkshire. The following cheering account of the
state of things in that great county is given by a
Tory Paper, the (Leeds Intelligencer):—" Yester-
day (Wednesday) at noon, the adjourned meeting
(of Tories) was held at York; Lord Macdonald in
the chair. The attendance was numerous; Mr.
Duncombe was himself on the spot. Mr. Beckett
Denison stated the result of his mission to London ;
after which considerable discussion took place. The
issue is, tbat Mr. Duncombe resigns, and the dicta-
tion-candidates walk over the course ll—Well arty
the advocates of the Bill exult." " Ott Monday
(says the same Journal), Mr. Bethel!, after beating
about and about the bush, formally withdrew his cairn
upon the gratitude of the freeholder:a" John Stuart
Wortley, Esq. declined standing on account of the
expence. Circumstances prevented the Hon.
Edward Lascelles from appearing as a candidate.
Mr. riuncombe's friends " acted wisely in resolving
not to trouble Mr. D.'s friends, or to disturb the
county witkout a reasonable hope of victory." The
Leeds Intelligencer complains of " the powerful
Tory Landholders of the county ;" but really it is
asking too much from gentlemen, to wish them to
dip their estates without even a reasonable hope of
success. We suppose the majority in favour of the
Reform candidates would have been as 1? to 1. At
the close of the poll in Essex, yesterday, the ntawbers
were—
Western . . . Lll7
Wellesley - 864)
Tyr' - 094
e
The first day's poll gave Mr. Wellesley a majority
of 80 over Colonel Tyrell ; the second gives him
majority of 175. Every day will, of course, increase
the distance between them. We consider the de-
feat of Colonel Tyre!! as certain ; and we doubt
very much whether, notwithstanding his following
of parsons, be will not deem it expedient to resign.
If anything ought to increase the indignation of the
country against the anti-reformers, it is their hypo-
crisy in calling themselves Reformers, in order to
trick tote people out of their votes. The trick, however,
is something of the stalest. The sort of Reform we
ahouldhavefrom men who would not even give Mem-
bers to two or three large towns, when disfranchise-
ment was not talked of, may easily be cgnceived. For
a genuine convert to Reform' who has the manliness
to come forward and avow lei error, we have the
"highest respect. But such a man will not have Re-
form merely in bigmouth, while hegives -'d to its
enemies; but will enrol
_h, I i• 00,
among the reformers
mad fight itsalbiaptatrlteise.s.
alitiMcrita is deservedly
despised by
fight. The
Tiehree the people
twill have fought the good
r4'''!il will
not only be an immerse majority of reformers
iciln :The
new Parliament, but a demonstration wh
muss `
for ever silence all who question the universality
she feeling in favour of Reform. Whewer ofirle
iseop4e have had an opportunity of manifesting their
'sentiments, the number in favour of the Reform
candidates has demonstrated the hopelessness of.
snaking head ne,;.-ainst them. The work has been en-.
lirely the people's. rll7l.ile.the borouglimongers have
been collecting their .lanndreds of thousands, and
trying what money can do in obtaining votes, the
Reform candidates have in few ingte.ares had any sa-
crifices to make. Neva yet has the English nation
been so unanimous on auy question as on the que,
lion of iteform. The confidence of Ministers his.

been nobly justified. All, all but the interested few
who exist by preying on the people, are in the•ranks
of Reform.— itfopning Chi onicic

We close our account for the week, of the in-
ternal proceedings of the country, with all bu'
unmingled feelings of satisfaction. Never were
there so many triumphs in favour of the King and
his people,—never did the cause of Reform triumph
so much beyond the expectations of its best friends,
—and never did we experience a feeling of such
absolute certainty of the success of the Bill, as we
now do. The battle hitherto has been desperate—
it has been steel to steel—but the strong holds of
corruption have, in almost every instance, been
beaten down; and the triumph of Mr. Wilde a•
Newark—of the Reform candidates in Kent—and,
above all, at Liverpool, which General Gascoyne
foolishly flattered himself, and endeavoured to per-
suade otheis, was his own rotten borough, are tests
of the approbation of the Bill by the country
against which no reasoning can be directed. " The
news from the counties is generally dispiriting,"
says a Tory Evening_ Paper ; and in truth it is so
to those who depend upon the counties supporting
a system of corruption and bribery, and non-
representation. Essex exhibits its ReScs" sin candi-
dates at the head of the poll—the Marquis of Wor-
cester has been defeated at Monmouth ; and even in
the den of East Retford, the cleansing of which
might have suved the Anti-Reformers many pangs,
the Anti-Reform candidate is at the bottom of the
poll. Much more will he found under the regular
head of election news of the same gratirying cast;
and the only backward circumstances which we have
to report are the rejection by one vote of the Lord
Advocate for Scotland, in the den of the Melville
faction, and-of Lord Palmerston and his colleague
having been thrown out at Cambridge. We wish
the electors of the latter University joy. They
hare nobly earned the applause of the country, and
the country, we have no doubt, will take care of
them. With regard to the Edinburgh election, the
only matter of surprise is that so many should have
voted for the Reform candidate. Old Sarum and
Gatton are a trifle to the rottenness of Edinburgh !
—Morning Advertiser.
The triumph of the Constitutional cause in this
result of the Cambridge election has been signal, be-
yond our sanguine expectations. It is the largest
poll which the University has ever exhibited. The
highest numbers before this election on record were
in 1826—Copley, 776; Palmerston, 631; Bankes,
509; Goulburn, 439. But signal as this triumph
is in point of numbers, it is much mere signal if we
take into consideration the circumstances of the
case.—lst. That of those who polled for Mr. Ca-
vendish and Lord Palmerston a very large number
disapprove of the Bill. That the number of those
dissentient from the Reform Bill in the list of their
supporters is very great we have unquestionable
evidence, for we fear not on this point to chal-
lenge Lord Palmerston and Mr. Cavendish
to contradict it if they can. We have reason
to know that they are aware of the fact.-2d.
Both the Reform candidates had the full and efli-
&ent influence of the Government exerted on
this occasion with an industry beyond example.
3d. Both the Reform Candidates had the advan-
tage (always a great one) of being the sitting Mem,
berg. Many persons, we know, who disapproved of
the Bill, voted for them on this ground. 4,h. Mr.
Cavendish had the full influence of his literary dis-
tinctions (confessedly of the first order), and they
carried to his poll a vast number of men who fear
and hate the Government Reform Bill. He also
contrived to give Lord Palmerston many a reluctant
split vote. sth. Both the Reform Candidates had
the advantage of an unworthy anonymous statement,
reflecting personally, in the most uncandid manner,
and with entice want of truth, on Mr. Goulburn,
on the subject of slavery, and which was circulated
to a great extent. It was originally circulated in
1826 in writing. On the present occasion it was
found profitable to print it in a dark and insidious
form (post-paid) to the Members of the Senate—
not in Cambridge, where it would have been an-
swered, but in the country. We know that this
statement produced a great effect, transferred many
votes and stopped more. Notwithstanding all these
hindrances, the intelligence and firmness of the
University have prevailed, and pronounced in a clear
voice—" Qui Rempublicam salvam esse velit, nos
sequatur."—Jforning Post.
Another illustration of the spirit in which the
present election has been conducted by the Mini-
sterial party, scarcely less instructive than the re-
course to brutal violence by which in so many places
they have effectually disfranchised the electors, is to
be found in the threat fulminated by means, we be-
lieve, of all the Ministerial Journal& of the metro-
polis, of destruction to the Chinch of England, in
vengeance for the defeat this liberal, loyal, constitu-
tional, and conscientious party have sustained in the
University of Cambridge. This threat, so emi-
nently chaacteristic of the daring reformers, who
hawe undertaken, with the assistance of rabble force,
to pull to pieces and reconstruct the Constitution of
Great Britain, was thundered out day after day,
antecedent to and during the progress of the Uni-
versity election, by that Journal which is supposed
to enjoy the able literary aid, and known to profit
by the- oericial and senatorial protection, of the
Lord High Chaneellor of England; and this denun-
ciation of vengeance against the Church was ob-
viously and avowedly intended to extort the
suffrages of the clerical electors of Cambridge in
favour of the Ministerial candidates. How little do
these people kricw of the calm and sober good sense
—of the honest intrepitlitye--of the noble firmness,
which conscientious arid enlightened men, like the
great majority of the clergy of the Church of Eng-
land, arp capable of displaying in a righteous cause!
The clergy o the chinch of England knew, from a
thousand unequivocal ieications, that the speedy
destruction of that church is one of the inevitable
consequences of the political power, if coetineed for
any considerable period, of the party issuing this
threat ; and had they not known it before, the threat
itself would have been evidence more than sufficient to
convince the most incredulous. Were the clergy ()four
church to form that judgment upon a most iMpoi taus
national question which education and reflection have
erain.eusly qualified them to pronounce as free and
' independent agepte—were they to employ those
suffrages which the taw of the land and the voice of
honour and of conscience erinally commanded them
to exert, in the spirit of calm and tearTesi irule rid.
ence,-4) bare and cowardly subserviency to the high
example of the mobs 0 Banbury, Carmarthen, Car-
lisle, and fifty other places, were the mobs have
determined the result of the elections ? rs it so
soon CO me to this ? Are we already so far ad-
vanced ip the career of revolution that the electors
of ore of our 4.liiiversities are to judge and vote in
obedience to the mandate of the instigators and
abettors of those lewlest sad euffian mobs, or to
be threatened for their contumacy ssieh the des-
truction of the National Church? The tbreet
is conclusive as to the disposition of the patty
which has employed it, bast we yet; hope it has
been conceived and uttered by ,tha,t poriY ;P a
mistaken and exaggerated notion of its real power.,
And if it were otherwise---if the eherch were as,
much at the mercy of that party as time tilpfi4c6C
of q:o latter would seem to imply—still how
went and as well as criminal would have
been the attempt to 41,Lvte its hatred or appease
its fury by concession. Who t;qt know that
the :b' at fulminated against the ChurAii,
count of the eitetees of Cambridge hiving tefuee.l to..
sacrifice their Conseienee
~-;;i/1 their honour in abjez!!
sycophancy to the- instigatorea. confederates of
mole,, is in fact no other than the first geowl of the
hungry wolf, eager to pounce upon 'the lamb he has.
ahead), selerted as his prey P " How darest thou,
disturb the water when J. drink ?" From the len.'
guage of the Ministerial or the b,LIe Press (for at
the present moment it is difficult to winch of
the two confederate authorities in the State, Mi-
oisters or mob, is the ascendant authority), it is
tolerably easy to conjecture what sort of protectors
for the Prow' ant Church it is intended to provide.
