NA VAL N E;V$.

PLYMOT/TH, OCT. .7.---Sailed this' morning the
Ardent, of 64 guns, Capt. R. nONELLY, arld.paph.n.e
Sloop of War, of 20 guns, with the Transports
having* on board the 40th ,Regiment of Font bound,
it is supposed, fOr Buenos Ayres. , They are to call
at Falmouth, where they will be joined by the Other
Troops which sailed hence some days since.

Sgiled the John Bull hired Armed Cutter, with a
Convoy, for the Downs. ,

A. large Frigate, with a Fleet of Vessels under
Convoy from the Eastward, passed the Harbour this
day at noon.

DOVER, OCT. B.—Two Messengers, one frdm
France and the other from London, with Dispatches,
arrived'-at Deal this morning, about ninp,,o'clock
the latter was accompanied by a Physician, who
embarked in the Speculator Luggtr, for France, to
attend Lord LAUDERDALE,-he being very ill.

DEAL, OCT. B.—This morning Mr. Ross, one of
His Majesty's Messengers, arrived here from Lon-
don, and embarked on board the Speculator Lugger,
which immediately sailed from the Downs for Calais.
Came down from the River and sailed through
the Downs the Wilding, MANNAN, for Demerara ;
Cambrian, PEAT, for Jamaica ; and the Olive Branch,
LITTLEFIELD, for New Orleans.

PORTSMOUTH, OCT. EL—Arrived yesterday the
Mary, MUNDAY, kotri Plymouth ; Rose, BASSETT,
from Sunderland ; Thomas and Judith, POUNDS ;
and Portsmouth, BURNHAM, from London.

Sailed yesterday the Maria Rosenlaitz, FALKEN.•
BURGH, for Norway.

Arrived to-day the Serapis ;rigate (elk /lute); -W.
LLOYD Master, from the ,Downs ; and the Fury
Bomb, Capt. T.'SEARLE, from Plymouth; also the
Dido, TAYLER, and Harriet, PEARSON, from Sun-
derland ; Apollo, DAMON, and Newcastle, STROUD,
from London ; and the W illiam, HURLEY, from
Lynn. .

This afternoon came into Harbour La Gloire, one
of the French
.Frigates taken by Sir SAMUEL HOOD.
The Adainant with the Newfoundland
.Convoy

will sail to-morrow morning.

t j?
-

PooLE, Ocr. .—Particulars of the Loss of the
Wareham Passage-boat on Thursday :"2cl Oectober
The Boat left Poole Quay between five and six
o'clock in the evening, deeply laden, having also
twelve passengers on board, besides Mr. GILLING-1
HAM, the owner, and two. boatmen. The wind was
right a-head : between six andseVen o'clock it be-..
gan to freshen, with ,a thick fog and small rain, that
made it extremely dark. About midway of their
passage, the Boat ran aground just when she was in
stays ; the skid took the ground, which, with the
pressure of wind in the sails, laid her down_ so that
she took in a quantity of water. The place where
she grounded being steep, she slipped off into 'deep.,
water and instantly sunk; thUs 'were they obliged 'to commit themselves to ther. mercy of the waves:•
• •
Mr. EVERETT. '(the only man who escaped,: and by. 4
whose exertions a poor woman of the name of
WHITE was also saved) attempted to swim to the
nearest shore, which was on the Isle of Tur+
beck, but being incumbered with a great-coat,
and the woman having hold of him, retarded
his swimming so much, that he had. resolved, in or-
der to save himself, to shake off his unfortnnate
partner, and leave her to the mercy of the waves ;
but at that moment one of the oars floated just by
him, on which he placed the woman, and, 'after
struggling with the waves for pearly two hours, he
fortunately regained the shore with the woman,'
who, bylthis time, was too much exhausted to pro-
ceed. The distance that they must have floated by
the oar could not be less than two miles, and the
method they -pursued was by each taking hold of
the- end of it. Mr. EVERETT hastened to a house
and requested their assistance; tut humanity had no
dwelling in their habitation;, they were deaf to his in-
treaties, and would not let him in, or give him any as-
sistance,which obliged him to proet3ed on to the next,
where he received it,and immediately went to the place-
ix here the woman was, whom they assisted to the
house, gave her dry clothes, &c.. By this time
Capt. BARTLETT, of Wareham, arrived with a post-,
, chaise (Mr. EVERETT having proceeded on thither.
and informed him of the circumstance) ; his hu-
manity and goodness of heart on such occasions are
always very conspicuous; he immediately brought
the woman back in the 'chaise to his own house,
where she had every nourishment necessary, ;and
was put to bed, When, by the next morning, she
was so far recovered as to be able to quit the hos
pitable roof of Capt. BARTLETT to go to her own
house, where her anxious family were ready to re-
ceive their almost lost mother and wife. Eleven of
the unforbanate people are taken up, seven of whom'
were buried at Wareham on Sunday last, and a
suitable sermon, on the occasion, was preached by
the Rev. G.' H. HYDE..

, SLIZERNESS, OCT. - 7.7—Arrived. His Majesty's.
Gun-brig Tickler, . with a Coiivoy froni'rouningen,
SEPT. B.—Sailed His Majesty s Guh-brig Tickler
for the Downs, as also the Rifignqut ; sailed klia'
Majesty's Ship Tad fur Leith.

PRIIPATE CORRCS? )NDENCE.

LISBON, SEPT. '9.

TnE'following changes are confidently spoken e 0
as likely to take place in the Government of Portu-
gal, viz. CONDE DE VILLA VERDE, the Secretary of
State for the Home Department, to retire front
office, and be succeeded by ANTONIO Ds ARANSO
•
DE AZEOEDOI at present Secretary of State for the
Foreign Department, in whose place will re-entet
Don`JIJAN'D'ALMEIDA MELLO E CASTRO, 'formerly
Envoy at the Court of London ; Don RODRIGO DE
Souza. CERETINHO is also to resume his place at
the Treasury, in the room of LUIS DE VASCONCEL-
LES, ,who is to retire from office. These changes
are supposed to be influenced by the British Fleet
and the British Commissioners.

A Convoy is appointed to sail for England on the
21st instant, which will doubtless ha of immense
value ; every vessel that- can be procured is
loaded to its utmost, the preparations fOr which
have recently been very great. The Place du Com-
merce/or square adjoining the Exchange, has for
many days been a scene of bustle and confusion ;
bags of cotton, boxes of sugar, bundles of 'hides,
and bales of goods, lying in promiscuous heaps, for
much of which freight or shipping cannot be pro-
cured. Many of these goods are taken in lieu of
debts-due to British
.Merchants as a dernier resource,
the state of Portugal being Very uncertain. All
continues doubt and dismay with the mercantile
part of the com.-nunity, by many of whom it is
thought that unless Peace takes place between
France and England, the arrival of the British.
•Squadron will but accelerate the march of a French•
Army, and a general scramble for this ill-fate4i
:Country be the consequence.
With' respea to the sentiments or feelings of the
Portuguese, it is certain, if left to themselvei, their
native indolence, even with the melancholy pros-
pe& of Spain before their eyes, would yield them a
prey to French fraternity rather than by the smallest
exertion be a partaker of. British proteBlon. An-
Cient as is their alliance with Great Britain, and
great as are the advantages arising therefrom, they
are either too blind, or too bigotted, unable, or
unwilling, to shake off their penchan't for sloth, idle-
ness, and their -concomitant attendant, slavery:—
Blessed with the fioest Country under Heaven, the
Portuguese supinely engender filth, disease, and
corruption.. A singular proof of their native apathy
()Centred the day before Yesterday : a fire broke out
at some extensive wine cellars belonging to the very
respeaable house of BucKLCY and Co. situated a
few miles from Lisbon ; Mr, ALcOCIC, one of the
partners, happening by great good fortune to sleep
on the premises that evening, was awoke by a bustle
among his people, about three o'clock in :he morn.
ing, and looking out of his window observed the
premises on fire, his servants at the same time look-
ing quite deliberately at the effeas of the conflagra-
tion. Mr. ALCOCK immediately arose and adopted
means to prevent the further progress of the flames;
and upon rebuking his Portuguese servants for not
giving him the first possible notice, they coolly an.
swered, « Patienciu—the fire has been burning up-
wards of an hour, but we declined telling you,
thinking ill news would come soon enough !" The
damage done, I am happy to say, is very trifling ;
it does not amouni to 1 001. in value. •

MR. FOX': FUNERAL.

THE following is the Urder of the Procession, as
agreed upon by the Directors of the Funeral Obse-
quies of Mr. Fox

&mall black Banner, preceding the Procession, on fast,
Volunteer Cavalry, in half squadrons.
Marshalmen, in pairs.
Nigh Constable, on horseback.
Condutiots on foot, eight.
Sixty Poor Men, in mourning cloaks.
High Bailiff of Westminster.
Eleaors of Westminster, and Whig Club, four'and tops,

not including any Members of Parliament.
Nottingham Deputies, Mayor and C:orporation.
Individuals di the Whig Club, three and three.
Gentlemen, unable to attend an foot, in carriages.
Sheriffs of London. in their State Carriages. .
Lord Mayor in his State Carriage. -
Attendants on Junior Branches of the Royal Family.
junior Branches of the Royal Family.

Attendants on His Royal Highness the Prince of WAles.

His Royal Highness.
Mutes, Horsemen, &c.
Great Banner, carried by a Gentleman on horseback.
Two Bannerolls, carried by Horsemen.
Horsemen; two and two.
Chaplain in Mourning Coach.

A GentliMan on horseback, carrying the. Cushion and the

Crest of the Deceased:
Hearse, open,
Drawn by six, Horses, led by Grooms : six Grenadiers in
Mourning on each side.
THE COFFIN, EXPOSED TO VIEW.
The Pall-Bearers—Earls Carlisle and Derby, Duke of Nor-

folk and the Lord Chancellor.
Chief Mourner.

Train-Bearer, in a Mourning Coach.
Two Mourning Coaches with the Directors.

Peers, eldest Sons of Peer;, Counsellors,' and Members of
•
ta. T. Parliament, on Foot, to walk in pairs.
Banneis of emblems.
The,company to be marshalled by Mr. DowsG,
and other Vndertakers, in
_the Park.
