FRIENDS OF LIBERTY.

" At the head of your brothers, my companions in
exile, I come to offer you, in their name and my own,
our swords, our 1 Mood, and our de'tinies.
" Arouse then, you friends of liberty, for you have
defenders and alli es who were never conquered.
" Let us blot out in one day the humiliating stain of
so many years, a ,nd call to mind that we are the people
who overthrew in six hours a throne of three centuries
duration ; who were victorious in 500 battles, gave
birth to 20 nations, and took those standards, the
weight of which threatens to pull down our temples !
It is needles to inform you that I have come to
receive my political faith from the people. I will have
no opinio as but those which belong to the nation at
large. Federal or unitarian, no matter which, I'll be
what the people order. I bring no other colours to the ,
Argentine Republic but those which she confided to
my charge at Mayper, Pichincha, and Ituzanigo ; they
accompany me from exile, and with them I have main-
tained the great principles of the revolution of May.
" I have only one party—the nation ; but one cause
; but one enemy, the enemy of the people
the tyrant. Roses.
" Soldiers ! my companions in arms for fire-and-
twenty years! I offer you a place in the ranks of
liberty. I shall receive like brothers my old com-
rades who quit the tyrant and his unlucky ban-
ners, and come to place themselves once more
under the flag of Mayper and near their old Gene-
ral. Men of colour, for whom I have so often
fought, as I contended for the universal equality,
I am your friend and your defender. Join our
ranks in attacking that savage, who thinks nothing of
selling or assassinating you under the pretext of being a
friend to the poor. Inhabitants of the country ! on
your sincere advocate and partisan, infinitely more than
that arch traitor who has oppressed you for so manY
years. I come to offer you liberty and not war. I
advise you to take arms against the tyrant, so that we
may recover peace and enjoy liberty
‘. Merchants and tradesmen ! You also ought to join
our ranks in order to crush a power which shuts the
ports, paralyses all public works, ruins commerce, and
keeps the nation in a state of slavery.
Young men ; Forget not your high origin, and the
renown of your fathers. Buenos Ayreans ! the day of
glor% is at band! Crowns of victory are preparing for
you! The annals of our country are open, ready to re'
cord your exploits ! Lose not this opportunity of hand
ins your names down to posterity !
(Signed)

" J. LAV ALLE.
