UNITED STATES.

LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY.

The long-looked for packet-ship Pennsylvania arrived here
to-day from New York, whence she sailed on the 10th of
March. There had been several arrivals from England. The
latest date from this country was to the 25th of January, at
which time commercial matters were in a tolerably prosperous
state.

General Jackson took his leave of the Presidential chair
and public life in a lung address to the people of the United
States. The address commences with the expression of his
gratitude for the many acts of kindness and support which he
had received at the hands of his countrymen. He then alludes
to the rising and almost uninterrupted, prosperity of the Ame-
rican Union during a period of half a century—to their friendly
and gratifying relations with Foreign Powers—and to the ad-
mirable working of the Federal Constitution—to which these
advantages, he contends, are to be solely attributed. He de-
nounces in strong terms the conduct of those who have en-
deavoured to " sow the seeds of discord between different parts
of the United States, and to place party divisions directly
upon geographical distinctions—to excite the north against
the south, and the south against the north —and to force
into the controversy the most delicate and exciting topics
—topics upon which it is impossible that a large portion
of the Union can ever speak without strong emotion."
The General then proceeds to enforce the necessity of pre-
serving the Union in its present integrity, contending at the
same time that every State has the unquestionable right of re-
gulating its own internal concerns according to its pleasure.
Then follows a dissertation on the " abuse of the taxing power,"
the ex-President laying it down as an axiom that " Congress
has no right to take money from the people unless it is required
for some of the specific purposes of Government; and if they
raise more than is necessary it is an abuse of the power of tax-
ation, unjust and oppressive." To this succeeds a strong and
fiery attack upon the United States Bank, against which esta-
blishment, even in its present modified form, General Jackson
appears to entertain the same unmitigated hostility that
has actuated him throughout his term of office. A lengthy
exposition on the evils of a paper currency, and an impressive
injunction to the people of the United States to increase their
navy, and by fortifications along the sea board prevent the evil
consequences that would arise from a rupture with a Foreign
Power, conclude the address. The document is a long one, oc-
cupying more than three folio columns of the New York papers.
The farewell address of General Jackson is the precursor
of the inaugural address of his successor, Mr. Van Buren, the
greater part of which, concerning the resources of the country
and its prosperity, is little else than a repetition of the for-
mer. The most important feature in the address of Mr. Van
Buren is the strong and uncompromising manner in which he
declares his hostility to any project for the abolition of slavery
throughout the United States. As this is a subject of engros-
sing interest in the United States, and, relatively, also in Eng-
land, the following sentiments of the new President on the
subject will excite attention :
" Perceiving before my election the deep interest this sub-
ject was beginning to excite, I believed it a solemn duty fully
to make known my sentiments in regard to it ; and now, when
every motive for misrepresentation has passed away, I trust
that will be candidly weighed and understood. At least they
will be my standard of conduct in the path before me. I then
declared that if the desire of those of my countrymen who
were favourable to my election was gratified I must go into
the Presidential chair the inflexible and uncompromising op-
ponent of every attempt on the part of the Congress to
abolish slavery in the district of Columbia, against the
wishes of the slaveholding States ; and also with a determina-
tion equally decided to resist the slightest interference with it
in the States where it exists.' I submitted also to my fel-
low-citizens, with fullness and frankness, the reasons which
led me to this determination. The result authorises me to
believe that they have been approved, and are confided in, by
a majority of the people of the United States, including thoso
whom they most immediately affect. It now only remains to
add, that no Bill conflicting with these views can ever receive
my constitutional sanction. These opinions have been adopted
in the firm belief that they are in accordance with the spirit
that actuated the venerated fathers of the Republic, and that
succeeding experience has proved them to be humane, patriotic,
expedient, honourable, and just. If the agitation of this sub-
ject was intended to reach the stability of our institutions,
enough has occurred to show that it has signally failed ; and
that in this, as in every other instance, the apprehensions of
the timid and the hopes of the wicked foe the destruction of
our Government are again destined to be disappointed.
Here and there, indeed, scenes of dangerous excitement
have occurred ; terrifying instances of local violence have
been witnessed ; and a reckless disregard of the conse-
quences of their conduct has exposed individuals to po-
pular indignation ; but neither masses of the people nor
sections of the country have swerved from their devo-
tion to the bond of union, and the principles it has made sacred.
It will be ever thus. Such attempts at dangerous agitation
may periodically return, but with each the object will be better
understood. That predominating affection for our political
system which prevails throughout our territorial limits; that
calm and enlightened judgment which ultimately governs our
people as one vast body; will always be at hand, to resist and
controul every effort, foreign or domestic, which aims, or would
lead, to overthrow our institutions."

It is stated in the American Papers that General Jackson,
previous to the expiration of his term of otfic.e, acknowledged
in his capacity as President of the United States the indepen-
dence of Texas; and that Colonel Wharton, the Minister. of
Texas, and Colonel Wolf, the Secretary to the Legation, were
requested, together with the other Foreign Ministers at Wash-
ington, to attend the ceremony of the inauguration. At the
same time the General appointed a Charge d'Affaires to repre-
sent the United States in Texas. This is more than probable,
as the Senate,'at one of its latest sittings, before the termination
of the session, had passed the following resolution by a majo-
rity of 23 to 19 :

" Resolved—That the State of Texas, having established
and maintained an independent Government, capable of per-
forming those duties, foreign and domestic, which appertain to
independent Governments; and it appearing that there is
no longer any reasonable prospect of the successful termina-
tion of the war by Mexico against the said State; it is ex-
pedient and proper, in conformity with the law of nations, and
the precedents of this Government in like cases, that the inde-
pendent political existence of the said State be acknowledged
by the Government of the United States."

The packet ship Erie, bound from Havre to New York,
which was generally supposed to have been lost at sea, to-
together with the whole of her crew and cargo, arrived safely
at New York on the 4th ult.

The intelligence from New Orleans represents business in
that commercial mart as having been comparatively dull until
within a dty or two of the last advices, when cotton took a fa-
vourable turn, and large sales were made, at an advance in
some instances of a farthing to a halfpenny per pound.
This reaction was produced by the favourable state of the Li-
verpool Market at the time of the latest news from England.
The situation of the parties is not to be envied who bought at
this advance, as cotton is now selling in Liverpool at twopence
and upwards less than it cost the importers.
It is believed that the packet-ship Pennsylvania, which ar-
rived to-day, brought no specie from New York. Indeed the
mercantile interest of that city could not be aware at the time
of her sailing of the ticklish situation of the American houses
here, and the depressed state of American produce. The rates
of exchange on the 10th ultimo was from 9 to 9i per cent.
Money was still very scarce, and bore a high rate of interest.
Since the above was written another New York packet-ship.
the England, has been telegraphed, and will probably arrive
soiree time to-morrow. The England sailed eight days after
the Pennsylvania, and her despatches arc anxiously expected
by the commercial community here.

It is a singular fact, that the first mile of road from
Shoreditch to Newington has been for some time past repaired
with the black porphyry stone brought from China as ballast
in the tea-ships ; and that the next half mile has been repaired
with granite from Bombay.
