, ,‘.•,
Ina Inc latte'r are latrived from intbreWell '
reig4Vi; tv i file trier are pl-in 611)311 of It'dme
maNtYritetor
'it s respecting ilk coitrintte.i
depreGtions anti kingmenteci piracics of ti)c

Barf)ilr'y Stnte9. kinhentic arc ants 'erori) 01!)-
rallar, 'received yetterditY, riot. ot.dy refute the

OF the i<tkiug of the ;Nilsindium

.
Pikekit, but itillY• col-roho rate th'e statements
. . .
Nina have TH a SUN albite, that
riteie ivas searc'ely one word & with in any

Of the recent assertions about the condUct of the
Aigerines, &c. since LO'rd ExtuovilesirreatY, and
a lamentable display of ignorance (political and
geographical) in the conintetits Witil which these

as,,ertions were accompanied.
We trust we shall not be deemed egotistical in
offering these censures on some of our fellow•la-
bourers. Our object is to dibabuie the publict
mind, which is so grievously imposed upon in
matters wherein it deeply concerns the country to
be well-informed.

,IVith more of truth and knoWledge of the real
state of the world, instead of error and misrepre-
sentation ainong us, neither the Paitizan nor the
Demagogue would find it so easy to excite sense-
less clamour or iufLune popular ili36ntent.

The hunger and distress of the lower orders
affords a fine subject for joking to our Patriots.—

The MorniNg Chronicle of to-day has an eliquisite
jen d'esprit on '' walling-in the Thames and con-
verting it into soup,". to feed the stwving poor of
the Metropolis. The soup is to be " distributed
by a steam-engine," - and " forced down the
throats of the paupers." In short, the article is
very whimsical and funny ; lull of talent, wit,
anal ilatme4r. '1 he only objection we entertain
against it is to the want of taste in the selection

of the subject. The misery of mankind does not
afford the best scope for such sportive sallies, and
it is scarcely decent in Writers who pretend to the
love of country to turn into ridicule and laughter
those sufferings which in more sober moods they
represent as; t:O heart-breaking and overwhelm-
ing.—Elowever it the general wretchedness dues
excite in them the miitlitul and ludicrous emo-
tions whence these facetious squibs sprint;, tar be
it trom us to damp their jollity and enjoyment.

In the Ministerial Papers. these two (1a) s. pas

the rumour of a Royal divorce is revived.. Ii
there. he any such intention, wc can only say that
it is Frobable both parties may be present' at the
discussion •{.. fur we understand 'the Priacesi of
WALeu is on her tertirn to hnglatifl. Certain it is
(Nat instructions have been givL a for her Muse-

hold to be plepared for her reception. We be-
lieve, at the same time, that the assertiou in a
Morning raper, of Mr. iiti3OUGHAM having gone
to Geneva to.no-et her It iyal flightless, ►s totally
without foulatation.—(M. Chronicle.)
The Duke of cAbillittlAlß teturned yesterday to
the Stud-house.

The Duchess of CUMBeRLANDCOHCHHIES confined
to her apartment throttgit
Prince and Princess E•TERHAIIII gave en ele-
gant .eutcrtaintiteut yesterday to Lord and ikttly
CASTLEREAGH, Avid a ininterwis of distill-
guklied per•onages, at their villa, Chislehurst.
_ .

Lette;s iron Gihraltar to the 6th inst. :yester-
day reached its. • They are so tar important as
they announce the safe arrival of thelsiogham
packet tram Malta, %% jell was last week reported
to have
,heen captured by the Algerines, and the
crew sent into slavery. We doubted the intelli
genee in the tirst inst,4nce, fur the reasons .witich-
ufe then stnted. The Walsinghath arrived at Gib-
raltar on .the Ist instant, and was to have sailed •
again for.Vatgland on the sth, but was 'prevented
tor want of a fair wind. This circumstance, to-
gether with a knowledge of the fact that a packet
which sailed frimi.Valmouth on the 24th July bad
reached Gihrulter on the sth inst. proves that the
wind has been completely favourable tar the arri-
val alit of the expedition under Lord Extuntren,
uhtch may be expected to he heard at at Gihral-
- tar about the Ith inst. It was understood at 'Gib-
raltar when the last adrices came away, that great
Tneptiratiotis for defeHce were malting at Algiers,
Vitals, and Tripoli ; but the letters cosh-
maim:tiled this intelligence to Othrratar were silent
as to any recent depredations having been coin-
milted by the Barbary Powers on the Britis
trade.

The Duke of ‘VBILINGTON immediately on
ArrivA At his heitil74o:triers.ityCambray, will, it
is said, proeettl along the whole hue of occupa-
tion, to re+ieWi. the X.:elf troops and inspect the
furtificatious. lie hai taut . with him at Paris but
a small part of his Staff.
It is stated that !be 'Ex.-Princess HORTIINSIA,
wife of Louis IluovarytT3 has ()blamed pet-
pllss ;>ll the li:;:q; Of, 3AV4RIA to exchange her
Abode At CortLiez ito

A vessd has, it is •0;,!, been sent oilt holm Mar
scilles, to fetch the Ftet,' Coastal, home iron
Algiers.

It is re.ported that I: Illyria
is ilitellded ;is hi t:.,ti•!:0.1e•Ii• for the Arch-
thichess MARIA LiitilsA and her soil, in lieu of the
thiehy o Partita: be testified to the
Qat:ea 01 ErttliatA, its
A Morning Paper ,reys A Crint. Con. ease was
tried at the late Assizes of I.)awnpatrick. .The
plaintiff was a-Mr. 114tiltitit ; the iletenihant, Mr.
Due Of the partners of the Newry Bank.
The parties (i. 6. Mr. PALMER ritol Mr..NIAcAN)

hrl%e nineteen children het-treat Mem: (Most um
derfai!) Them was a verdict for the plitiotilt
.
thillidgCli 70001.7,
