DEPARTURES.

The Bishop of Ely and Mrs. Sparke, from Dover-street, for
the Palace, Ely, Cambridgeshire; George Byng, Esq., M.P.,
and Mrs. Byng, from St. James's-square, for their seat,
Wrotham-park ; Sir W. and Lady Wilhy, from the Burlington
Hotel, for Lincolnshire ; Mr. and Mrs. Deering, from Chapel-
street, Grosvenor-square, for their seat, Ryott, St. Lawrence,
Herts ; W. Farrer, Esq., from Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-
street, for Brussels; A. Turner, Esq., from ditto, for Cam-
bridge; the Hon. H. Crewe, from ditto, on a tour; Mr. and
Mrs. Austin, from Regent-street, for Brighton ; the Hon. Mr.
and Mrs. C. Sword Jerniugham, for Syston-park, Lincolnshire;
Lord Ongley, from Fladong's Hotel, Oxford-street; Charles
Coney, Esq., from ditto, for Coney Weston, Staffordshire ; T.
C. Bridges, Esq., from ditto, for Brighton ; Captain Lawrence,
from ditto, for ditto; the Rev. Tudball, from ditto, for
ditto ; T. F. Comerford, Esq., from ditto, for Ireland; W.
Hogg, Esq., from ditto, for Biggleswade ; Martin, Esq.,
from ditto ; the Misses Algar and Farrell, from the Union
Hotel, Cockspur-street, for Cheltenham ; T. Protheroe, Esq.,
and family, from ditto, for Monmouth; W. Thorpe, Esq., 30th
Regiment, from ditto, to join his Regiment in Ireland; T.
Bridges, Esq., from ditto, for Croydon; Rev. J. Raymond,
from ditto, for Chichester; P. Onslow, Esq., from ditto, for
Bristol ; W. Hendrick, Esq., from ditto, for Kent; Captain E.
Gardiner, from ditto, for his seat near Henley.

The scene in the thieves' den, in a squalid
suburb of London, Et, depicted by Mr. Horace Smith, is
one of the most remarkable which modern fiction has re-
presented, and may vie with :hose striking incidents of
the same nature in " Pelham," and in Victor Hugo's
"Hunchback of Notre Dame." Gemman Joe, the prin.
cipal ruffian of the gang, is a sketch from the life, and in
him are combined with powerful effect the ludicrous and
the terrible. The subsequent affair in the Churchyard,
which is connected with the strange transaction in the
hovel, increases the mystery, and irresistibly fixes the
reader's eye and mind on the pages of " Gale Middleton,"
which is now justly considered as the best production of
this popular novelist.

VICTORIA THEATRE.—This theatre on
Thursday night closed its first season under the new
management, when a variety of entertainments, including
Sheridan Knowles's interesting play of The Wife, with
Midas, and Captain► Stevens, were performed, being for
the benefit of those two promising sisters, the Misses
Borten. In the course of the evening Mr. Abbott spoke
the following address :—" Ladies and Gentlemen,—This
being the last night of our present and first season, we beg
leave to offer our most respectful acknowledgements for
the liberal patronage with which we have been honoured.
By the liberality of your support and free suffrages of the
public press, we hope there is no presumption in saying
that this theatre now bids fair to hold as high a rank as
any in the metropolis. We cannot but speak with pride
of our having introduced upon these boards, in addition
to many high and deserving favourites of the public, Mr.
Sheridan Knowles. We still retain the exclusive right of
acting his celebrated play of The Wife ; and to show the
high reputation our countryman enjoys abroad, that play has
been translated into German, and is now the great source
of attractio❑ at the Imperial Theatre at Vienna ; and we
have the pleasure of informing you that Mr. Knowles is
now engaged in preparing a drama for representation at
this theatre. During our brief season we have been
honoured with the presence of our illustrious patronesses,
the Duchess of Kent and the Princess Victoria, who were
graciously pleased to signify their high satisfaction, and
their intentions of not giving this theatre a mere nominal
support. As far as we are concerned, Ladies and Gentle-
men, we prove our satisfaction by the fact, that we are
anxious again to witness your smiling faces by only closing
our performances for three nights, in order to bring
forward a Christmas piece in the shape of a pantomime,
by Mr. C. Ditolin, until which time we most respectfully
bid you farewell."
NEW STRAND THEATRE.—We visited this
theatre, on Tuesday, to hear once rnoTe a repetition of the
contents of Mr. Russell's three volumes. We are glad to
see they continue as attractive as ever. The audience,
notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, was at
once numerous and fashionable. Mr. Russell, though
labouring under a severe cold, contrived to amuse his
audience for three long hours. " The Errors of the Press"
were! ud icrous, and told with effect. They were all the better
that they were bona fide, and not invented errors. The
idea of the Sylvan Gazette is very happy, and is worked
out with much ingenuity. " Day Dreams," " Po-
pular Superstitions," and several other topics which
succeeded, were passably good, but nothing more.
44 Ferdinand Flop," we are sure, must have been
sketched from the life; he is just such a charac-
ter as one is not likely to imagine. His notions

respecting " works," the folly of reading books,
&c., are shared, though not to the same extent, by
more people than are willing to allow it. Mr. Rus-
sell's imitation of Charles Incledon's manner when be
first consulted him as to his opinion of the pre-requi-
sites to theatrical success, was true to the life. In his
endeavour to imitate Incledon's voice in singing, Mr.
Russell was not so successful. Perhaps, the happiest hit
(because there is so much truth in it) which is con-
tained in the whole three volumes, is the ridicule of the
way in which the principal singers pronounce the Eng-
lish language. Who is there that cannot attest the truth
of the fact, that it very often happens that the auditor,
at the conclusion of the song, scarcely knows a word of
what was in it, unless he chance to be previously ac-
quainted with it ? In addition to the previous contents of
tits volumes, Mr. Russell has introduced " Imitations of
old acquaintances." His success here is most marked. It
will be in the recollection of our readers what an interest
his efforts in the same way occasioned about twelve years
since. His new " Characteristic Musical Medley" is ex-
cellent, and, like almost every thing else, was most favour-
ably t eceivads

PRESENTATION OF THE FREEDOM
OF PLYMOUTH TO
LORD J. RUSSELL AND LORD EBRINGTON.

(Abridged from the Plymouth Journal.)
A, Comthon of the Mayor and Commonalty
of Plymouth took place at the GUlldhall on Tties-
day, for the purpose of admitting and swearing in
Lord John Russell, Lord Viscount Ebrington, and
John Croker Bulteel, Esq., as Burgesses or Free-
men of the Borough of Plymouth. From the severe
family bereavement so lately experienced by Mr.
Bulteel, we regret to say, that he was precluded

from attending:
. Shortly after twelve o'clock, the hour specified
for coni!ening.the Common Hall, Lord john Russell
and Lord .i.,-brington entered, and were severally
received by acclamations from every part of the Hall.
Mr. H. WOOLCOMBE (the Recorder), in a corm
plimentary address, acquainted Lord John Russell
that he had been elected a freeman of Plymouth.
After the tustomary oaths had been administered,
Lord J. RtstELL addressed his brother freemen;
and
The RECORDER then announced to Lord tbring-
ton that he had been elected a freeman of the bo-

rough.
Lord EBRINGTON then returned thanks.
The Nl.A•vott then paid a handsome compliment to
J. C. Bulteel, Esq., whose absence, he remarked,
was most deeply regretted.
THE DINNER.
On the evening of the same day (Tuesday), a
public dinner took place at Whiddot.'s Royal Hotel,
to which those distinguished Noblemen were invited,
and to which from 120 to 130 gentlemen sat down.
The post of honour was occupied by J. Bayley,
Esq., who presided, supported on his right by Lord
Ebrington, J. Collins, Esq., M.P., G. Coryndon,
Esq., the late Mayor, W. Prance, Esq., and G.
Soltau, Esq. ; and on the left by Lord J. Russell,
the Earl of Morley, T. Beeves, Esq., M.P., W. 11
Evens, Esq., the Worshipful the Mayor, and N.

,ockyer, Esq.
After the cloth was withdrawn, and the usual
preliminary toasts had been drunk,
Mr. COOKWORTHY proposed the" Health or his
Majesty's Ministers," which was drunk with great

enthusiasm.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, when the cheering had some.
what subsided, immediately rose to return thanks;
and was greeted by long, loud, and often renewed
volleys of applause. He then observed—" Gentle-
men, it is now three years since the present Ministry
have taken office, and if, at the commencement of that
period, Earl Grey had ventured to say, in three years I
will destroy entirely the whole system of nomination bo-
roughs, which have so long usurped the power of repre-
sentation—if he had said I will extend the constituency of
the small boroughs, and throw open the franchise to the
communities of large cities and populous towns—if he had
declared that he would lessen the expenses of Government,
and within three years undertake to carry to its couclu-
sion, by the Ist of August, 1834, measure ovci turning
the detestable sin of slavery—if he had said that he would
diminish three millions out of fifteen of the national ex-
penditure, and give the advantage of those three millions
to the subject, by lessening so much the burdens of
the people, where they were most oppressively felt—if
he had said, in November, 1830, that he would do these
things, it would not have been called little and insignifi-
cant, but he would have been regarded in the light of
a vain boaster, who said more than he would ever be able
to do, who held forth hopes which he could never fulfil,
and who deluded the people by vain and magnificent but
empty promises. And yet I need not say, without boast,
without promise, without specifying a time for doing it,
he has been able, with the support of the people, to ac-
complish the whole of those great measures.—(Long con
tinued cheering.) That the country should still look
forward with a hope that more will be done, is a feeling
with which I do not find fault, and, indeed, which lam
disposed to hail with satisfaction—(Renewed cheering)
—because I maintain there is no boundary, no stop to
sober and rational improvement but justice.—(Cheers.)
But, gentlemen, it should always be considered that we
have many and severe obstacles lying in our way, and
that, in conducting human affairs, we have only human
abilities to bring to the task. Having, as I trust you
have, confidence in his Majesty's Ministers, aid having
similar objects in view, while you confide in your repre-
sentatives the power of expressing your sentiments, you
should also be careful to observe the fitting time when to
urge, and when to relax and pause in exertion.—
(Cheers.) If the Government were impelled on the
one hand, by seeing so many abuses which required cor-
rection, and so many improvements yet to be intro-
duced on the other, there were obstacles which de-
manded time for their removal ; for even those re-
forms which are desirable in themselves might be regarded
with an undue weight, and would be bought too dearly
if at any time attended with risk to the peace of the
country.—(Cheers.) Would it not be better to exercise
a little patience rather than endanger the general tranquil.
lity, for the sake of carrying some favourite measure a year
or too sooner, or to put in collision the various branches
of the legislature, and by that means risk the continuance
of the very Constitution itself ? There is one subject to
which I wish to refer, viz., the Navy and Army, and as
some misspprehension prevailed with regard to it, my
Noble Friend, the Member for the county of Devon, will
forgive me for entering into an explanation. You are all
aware that great reductions have been made in the branch
of the navy, and are also aware of the question of reduction
in the army having been frequently under consideration.
When an account of the force was last year submitted to
Parliament, Lord Althorp stated that he considered the
present amount of force necessary, and as soon as he
conscientiously believed less would do, he would imme-
diately enter on the subject of reduction. The Noble
Chancellor of the Exchequer bad not waited till Par-
liament again met to redeem that pledge, but at the
last meeting of his Majesty's Ministers in London, it
was agreed those reductions should be effected, and orders
had been given to atop recruiting ; and when Parliament
assembled he would be able to announce it. With regard
to the other estimates in reference to reduction, I have
never seen a well-digested plan by which such reductions
could be effected, but that if such a plan were produced,
the Ministry are ready to do it; but no such plan has been
laid before them by the Secretary of War. There was a
question at one time proposed (we understood his Lordship
to say, by his Noble Friend), in reference to the Army and
Navy sinecures, and I was one of those who did support
the Government of that day in maintaining those sinecures,
and stated they were the rewards of service which had
been rendered the country. But since then—and I was
glad that an examination was gone into upon the subject—
I have been convinced that, in some instances, they have
been given to those who have not distinguished themselves
by military services or otherwise ; and that in quite suffi-
cient to convince me that, as sinecures, they should be
abolished.—(Cheers.) Let me cow pass to another
and different question. The Ministry have not shown
themselves insensible to the wants of the country, in
regard to such a reduction of taxes, as by economising
the expenditure, they have been able to carry into ef-
fect.—(Hear.) In these which have been taken off
they have been guided by their appearing to press most
heavily on the industry of the kingdom, and among others
I may mention those on coals and camiles, and the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, as soon as be is enabled by the
state of the revenue, has stated it to be his intention to
direct his first attention to the reduction of the tax on
houses.—(Continued cheering.) Gentlemen, I do not
wish to give you the declaration for more than it is worth.
I do not tell you that Ministers are at present in a situa-
tion to do it; the period when, I must leave to the dis-
cretion of my Noble Friend, who has every disposition to
do it. Taxes were something like physic, and if his
Noble Friend, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, found his
patients disliked it in one shape, the best thing he could
do would be to allow them to take it in another, and so
they but let the medicine down he might think himse
er
lf
fortunate.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, with regard 10 oth
measures which may be brought forward during the
coming sessions, this is neither a fit time nor place to
enter upon them ; neither can I hold out any promises
which might have the effect of fettering either my Noble
Colleagues' or my own deliberations—but of this I can
assure you, they will enter on it with the sincerest desire
to do all the benefit possible.—(Continued cheering.)
The PRESIDENT next proposed the " Health of the Right
Honourable Lord John Russell and John Croker Bulteel,
Esq., Members for the Southern Division of the County,
with three times three." Drunk with enthusiastic cheering.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL again rose to return thanks, ob-
serving, I have to express my regret that the business, as
is member of the Cabinet, has prevented me from seeing
so much of my constituents as I could wish. Whilst thus
addressing you, I cannot help taking notice of a somewhat
extraordinary attack, which I find in a charge made to the
Clergy of Devon, and in which I am charged with
endeavouring to excite the indignation of the freeholders
against the " enormous abuses" of the Church, and in

which it is stated that I spoke of a more "equal distribu-
tion of the revenues of the Church." As to the charge
of a more equal distribution of its revcnnea, I must plead
guilty—(Tremendous cheering)—but I beg to inforfn .rou
of the circumstances, and you will then judge with what
propriety it is stated, that I " had gone about raising the
indignation of the freeholders." When I expressed my
Sentithenti On tl.;e hustinga, the gentleman of conservative
politics, Mr. Lray, asked Me, among other question',
whether I was for presetOng the revenues the
Church at present enjoyed ? My answer was—that
wes of opinion that those revenues ought not to be
diminished, but that a more equal distribution ought
to take place. Many persons Think, that they ought
not to be so large—others, that they thigl !. not to
be distributed as at present, but how any person I
can gather from the words made use of, or say that I held I
up to the -indignation of the freeholders the enormous
'abuses of Church revenue, / am at a loss to imagine. The
charge itself goes to the proof, and admits that the Church
revenues are not equally distributed. Lord John then
alluded to the el which referred to the " rich Abbey
of Tavistock, which formeil7 belonged to the Church,"
hut which now only paid it 11/. a yea:'. He afterwards
went on to remark that the Abbey now belonged to the
present Poke of Bedford, who had thought it his duty
out of its revenues to give 2001. a year to the Clergymen
who officiated. The Noble Lord then proceeded :—I do
say, and still firmly maintain the opinion I then gave—
fooartrimel,),,r,atl haantdt hreei
irgeivoeunsupesu
ropf
otshees,Cbhuutrlcha
mar
set
inno te
equally
large
yof
Opinion that they ought to be more equitably divided.—
(Applause, and cries of " Too large--too large.") I may
he wrong in my opinion, in saying they are not too large,
but it was ntit given with a view to endeavour to gain
voters at the expense of the Church, and any such
r,eielianraa-
tviloanceiswthoetarlelyitgwroausnsdolelsist.tle Bit
ikelythtits) charge
ex;et t
it;
that it ;;;..'s
given me some thoughts and suspicions which shonld
not otherwise have entertained.—(Cheering.) It hat
made me think the Right Reverend and Learned Pre-
late was not wholly intent on the religious duty he was
performing—(Cheara)--but that lie bad some political
object in view at the same time ; and I cannot help re-
collecting that the Right Reverend Prelate was chiefly
remarkable, previously to filling his present distinguished
situation, for his very able, acute, and sarcastic, but un-
fair pamphlet against Mr. Canning-,,awhich pamphlet
received from a certain party particular countenance, and
which drew forth from Mr. Canning a most powerful
reply ; and it does seem to me, that a tinge of the
pamphleteer may be discovered in the effusion to which
I have referred.—(Great cheering.) An ancient Roman
poet had said, drive nature out if you can, but it will (we
understood his Lordship to say) still contrive to show
itself. But I can furnish you with a snore homely illus
tration—namely, that of •the cat turned fine lady. Now
it is stated, Gentlemen, that she performed her part to
admiration until she saw a mouse, but then she could
conceal her propensities no longer—(Great cheering)—
and I am half led to suspect that the Right Rev. Lord,
by nature a pamphleteer, would have acted with the
utmost propriety as a Prelate ; but this being in the
midst of an election, the pamphleteering propensity came
hack, and, considering me as the mouse, he accordingly
pounced upon me.—(Loud and continued cheers.) Gen-
tlemen, I have only further to say, and I say it seriously,
that none of their taunts nor insinuations shall induce
me to quit the direct way which I have hitherto pur-
sued. There are questions with regard to the church
which require investigation, as well with regard to
tithes and church rates as a reform in the Church ; they
demand, and will have, the attention of the Government
and the Legislature. Upon all these questions I will en-
deavour to do my duty. I may incur the displeasure of
my Lord Bishop on the one hand, or disappoint those who
are dissenters from the Church on the other ; but I should
feel that I should he useless to you and degrading to my
self, if I did not act on this, as on all other occasions,
namely, by attempting to reform and preserve.—(lin-
mense cheering.)
The health of Lord Ebrington was next drunk with
loud applause.
His LORDSHIP returned thanks, and, adverting to the
present Ministry, he observed :—" When they came to
the helm of affairs I expected that they would do much
for the country ; and I can now lay my hand on my heart,
and conscientiously say that, sanguine as my expectations
were at the time of their accession, and looking back to
the condition in which affairs were left by their prede-
cessors, what has been accomplished by them in three
years has far exceeded those sanguine expectations which
I was led to indulge."—(Great and continued cheering.)
The health of Mr. Collier and Mr. Bewes were sub-
sequently proposed sep irately, and those gentlemen re-
turned thanks. Several other toasts were drunk, among
which were—" Lord Brougham and Vaux, and the pro-
motion of education throughout the United Kingdom"—
" Civil and Religious Liberty all over the World"—" The
Liberty of the Press"—&c. &c.
Lord John Russell and Lord Ebrington then left the
room, from which they retired amid the continued shouts
of the gentlemen present.

MONEY MARKET, FRIDAY EVENING.—
The Consol Market, after a very long period of stagnation,
has experienced an advance to-day (Friday), though to no
very material extent. The cause assigned for it is a
remarkable one, since it is given out to he the determina-
tion of the Bank to lend a sum of 2,000,0001. on stock.
According to another account, however, this is not to be
done with money the property bona fide of the Bank of
England, but with funds held in deposit belonging to the
East India Company, for which corporation the Bank is
to act in the affair selely as agent. All the reports agree,
however, in stating that such a sum, at present lying
idle, is about to be employed for such a purpose. Under
the first of the two suppositions, there would be much
objection to it on the part of the moneyed interest gene-
rally, as a forced issue of notes, capable of being carried
to an unlimited extent—as a proceeding foreign to the
principles on which a good bank ought to be conducted—
with other reasons of the like nature; but no man at all
conversant with the subject believes that it has been
resorted to in a direct way by the Bank. Still the
question naturally presents itself, why the Bank should
become an agent at all in such a matter, and why the
same thing could not be done in a direct way by the Fast
India Company? To the moneyed interest at large the
effect will, perhaps, be the same, since there is as much an
increase of the issue of notes in one way as in the other ;
but it is a very different thing with tha public which of
the two corporate bodies is to appear in and to have the'
management of it. The whole sum is said to be engaged
on the part of one leading capitalist. The consequences
will be felt more or less, if the fact is correct, in every
description of stock, and of commodities too, for such a
sum cannot, it is obvious, be brought suddenly into a
market already well supplied, without producing a sensible
effect. Some say that this is already perceptible, and that a
rent-fwal of the demand for produce is beginning to take
place. The speculators are evidently on the alert, and if
due precaution is not taken, will repeat the process which
took place in the spring, by coming in at the lowest prices,
and selling at the highest, leave their dupes to bear the
brunt of the reaction sure to follow, and to lament over
their losses. In whatever stage of its progress the affair
may be, the warning cannot but be salutary.— Times.
There is a difference of full 25 per cent. be-
tween the price of fish at Hungerford-market, and at the
shops of " the West-enders."

A correspondent of the Mechanics' Magazine
writes as follows
—About twelve years ago I invented a
method of burning candles without snuffling, but I soon
found that this invention did not succeed so well as I ex-
pected ; for upon a current of air, either from opening or
shutting the door, er even from a person walking in the
room, the top of the snuff of the candle was blown off,
and the wick of the candle then not being sufficient to
consume the melted tallow, it ran down, and the light of
the candle became feeble; I therefore discontinued to use
candles in this way. But to obviate these inconveniences
I had a glass lantern made to defend the candle from all
currents of air. The candles used in this way are called
long tens; no other candle will answer this purpose so
well. When one of those candles is lighted, and snuffed
to prevent its smoking, and put into the lantern, it will
then give one uniform pure light, without snuffing and
smoke, and in this way candles have been used in my
I house, in a situation where no regular attendance could
be given, for more than five years. This lantern is made
of tin, its bottom is 10 inches by 7, with a pillar at each
corner, 13 inches high, into which four panes of the best
crown glass are fixed to the bottom and close to one end
of it; the socket to hold the candle is fixed forming an
angle with the end glass of about 30 degrees. The top of
the lantern is covered with a sheet of tin 11 by 62 inches;
this sheet of tin is bent into a curve, and its ends are fixed
to the top of the lantern, leaving at each side two large
openings to supply
the candles with fresh air, and to keep
the lantern cool. This large supply of fresh air contri-
butes very much to the brilliancy of the light of the
candle, and any light dust falling from it is carried away
by the ascending hot air ; thus the glasses are kept clean
for many days without any trouble. The tin work of the
lantern is japanned on the outside, and painted with ver-
million within. A
lantern of this description may be
seen at the house of the society of Arts, &c., Adelphi.
