THE COMBINED SQUADRON.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)
Admiral Villeneuve, with the whole of the French
squadron, arrived safely in the Downs after the post on
Thursday evening, as also the Stag, 44, Conway and
Volage, of 28 guns each, and the Larne and Scout, of
IS guns. The Southampton, Vernon, Castor, Rover,
and Volage, with one French frigate, sailed from the
Downs on Friday for the Dutch coast, in order to com-
mence the blockade. The two Admirals and the rest of
the combined squadron were to sail to-day (Saturday).
The Volage and Conway sailed hence on Tuesday, and
the Larne on Thursday, to join them. The Stag frigate,
Capt. Nicholas Lockyer, C. 8., passed through Spithead
yesterday, having been only 23 days in commission, for
the same quarter ; and the Revenge, 78, Captain Mackay,
which arrived on Saturday last, after 18 months' foreign
service, for the last six of which she has not dropped an
anchor, is now again ready for sea, completely restored,
re-victualled, and refitted, and will he paid wages on Mon-
day, and sail on Tuesday to join the squadron, with the
Spartiate, 78, Capt. Tait, which ship will have been
exactly a month in commission. These instances of cele-
rity are highly creditable to the officers concerned, and in
time of need furnish patterns for imitation. The Malabar,
74, Hon. Captain J. Percy, at Plymouth, is getting on
rapidly, and though only three weeks in commission, will
probably join Sir Pulteney Malcolm in ten days hence.
The Cyrene, French frigate, will soil to the Downs to-
morrow.

His MAJESTY has given directions that the
portraits of an officer, a non• commissioned officer, and a
private of every corps in the service, in their respective
regimentals, grouped together, shall he transmitted imme-
diately to the Horse Guards, for the purpose of being
placed in one of the apartments of Windsor Castle. The
size of the pictures is to be about a foot square.—Hamp-
shire Telegraph.
DARTMOUTH, Nov. 10.—The Swallow
cutter, which lett Portsmouth on Tuesday, with troops
bound for Oporto, encountered a heavy gale on Friday
night, off Dart point, after losing bowsprit, cathead, bul-
warks, and rigging ; she was put about, and with extreme
difficulty made Dartmouth. The escape of the two senior
officers, DA VIES and MAILLARD, was most providential :
they remained on deck throughout the whole scene to pre-
vent the men interfering with the sailors, when in shipping
a sea, which carried away her binnacle, both were fortu-
nately thrown with great violence against the boat lashed
on deck, or they would inevitably have been washed over-
board.

It is understood in the city, among persons
connected with the West India interest, th it despatches
are about to be forwarded from the Colonial-office to our
colonies in that quarter, to prapoee some further modifica-
tions of the Order in Council of November, 1831 ; and
that these are to the effecr, that the course pointed out in
that order for the regulation of slave labourand the gradual
abolition of slavery is neither to be obligatory o❑ the re-
spuctive colonies, nor are they required to carry it into
execution in the same manner and at the same time; but
instead of this, the whole is to be referred to the decision of
the local legislatures, who will merely he apprised that it
will be very acceptable to the Government at home to per-
ceive the Bpi, it of the Order in Council in course of execu-
tion, with as much promptitude and good faith as circum-
stances, in each particular colony, will admit.
Excepting in a very few instances, highly
creditable to the parties concerned, the expression of pub-
lic opinion has been too long delayed as to the proceedings
of Ministers in the Dutch question. It gives us, however,
satisfactio❑ to ware that the city of London is about
to set an example to the empire upon this subject, and that
a meeting will forthwith he held to address his MAJESTY
to suspend all further proceedings against Holland until
the whole of the negotiations have been laid before Parlia-
ment. This, we understand, is the object of the meet-
ing, which will be held early in the week. The requisi-
tion for calling it has already received the signatures of
some of the first houses.--iliorning Post.
The Bishops, at least many of them, are fa-
mons for splendid residences in London, and their hemi-
tality and good dinners during the winter season. The
Bishop of ARMAGH, at his mansion in Charles-street ; the
Bishop of LONDON and the Bishop of WINCHESTER, in
St. James's square ; and the jolly Bishop of ST. ASAPII,
at his Deanery, may almost vie with any Potentate in Eu-
rope in the splendour of their mansions and the variety of
their wines, from " humble Pert to Imperial Tokay."—
Morning Chronicle.
Lord HARBoRouGH maintains his habit of
inveterate seclusion, at the Gothic Cottage in Stapleford
Park. His suite does not exceed three or four domes-
tics, and Mrs. GRANBY CALcaarr continues his sole
companions.

We are somewhat concerned to hear it ru-
moured that Lord Hattuortoucar, who brought an action
at the Leicester Assizes against Lord FORRESTER for an
accidental trespass in his park at Stapleford, and recovered
twenty-four shillings damages, intends following up this
feeling by a discharge of his Lordship and the Duke of
RUTLAND from hunting on his property in that county.
YORK CONCERT AND BALL.—YORK,
Nov. 10, 1832.—We never witnesnd so brilliant a dis-
play of rank and fashion as attended Signor DE BEGNIS'
Concert last night. All the most fashionable families of
the county were present, and we never saw the room have
a more splendid appearance ; there were upwards of 800
present on this occasion. The selection of music, com-
prising Alozaafs, Rossrm, and other eminent compo-
sers, was highly creditable to Signor DE BEGNIS' taste.
The concert terminated at 11 o'clock, wt en dancing com-
menced, and was kept up with great spirit till 2 o'clock.
Among tie numerous assemblage we have only time to no-
tice the following :—Earl and Countess of Harewood,
Lord and Lady Grantham, Lord and L idy Stourton, and
the Hon. Mk Stourton ; Lady 110;s-den, the Hon. Mrs.
Butler, and the 'Miss Butlers ; the Hon. Mrs. Dundas,
Lord Morpeth, and the Hon. H. Howard ; Hon. Sir H.
Vavasour, M.P. ; Hon. Wentworth Fitzwilliatn, M. P. ;
Messrs. John Dennis Browne, York, Lowther, Belby,
Thomson, M P., &c. &c.
British property to a very large amount, we
understand, is lodged in the public warehouses of Holland,
and much uneasiness exists for its security.

Trade in the West Riding of Yorkshire for
the last three months, has been in a state of considerable
activity, and the demand for woollens and stuffs during
this period has very much exceeded the regular supply.
In the early part of this year, the cloth. halls of Leeds and
Huddersfield (especially the latter) were heavily stocked
with goods, hut now those stocks are greatly diminished,
and the supply of winter woollens is barely equal to the
demand. Accommodated wools under 2s. 6d. per lh.
have become very scarce, and therefore, from the best in-
formation we can obtain, we have every reason to believe
that the lower description of woollen broad cloths, of
which there has been for several years an abundant and
depreciating supply, will not be found equal to the demand
of the approaching spring trade.--Leeds Mercury.
On Saturday morning, between 10 and 11
o'clock, death terminated the sufferings of SUSAN HER-
BERT, one of the many unfortunate persons who were con-
veyed to the Westminster Hospital in consequence of the
injuries they received by the falling down of the houses in
York-street. The deceased was between 50 and 60 years
of age, and was a laundress. Two of her children, one
about eight years of age, and the other near fourteen, were
dug out of the ruins quite dead, but their mother, although
seriously injured, was conveyed to the hospital with hopes,
as no limbs were broken, of her ultimate recovery. Her
distress of mind at the fate of her children, and her own
grievous sufferings, however, brought en her dissolution,
and thus increased the number of deaths to six. The houses
which have been condemned remain in the same state its
immediately after the accident. The remaining unfortu-
nate sufferers at present in the hospital are rapidly recover-
ing. The , we understand,
hasnot as
yet subscriptionnted to 2001., and there are upwards
a amounted
on their behalf,
of a dozen families ruined by the calamity. The Rev. Mr.
SNIITII, of Penz ince, preached asermon at the Westminster
Theatre, which he engaged for the purpose a few days
since, and a collection Was made at the doors for the relief
of the sufferers.

.'
