HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Lord Lowther and another Member were sworn
and took their seats.
Mr. lifakau presented a return from the Treasury
of the amoun: o.fAuty received fur silk goods manu-
factured for horne • nsumption.
Mr. F. PALMER brought in a Dill to amend
the Act relating to the licence of retail brewers of
beer, which was read a first time, ordered to be
read a second on Friday.
Mr. MOOCK presented a petition from Clara,
in Ireland, complaining of distress. Tits: lion.
Member said lie thought that the only remedy far_
the existing evils of Ireland was the introduction of
a system analagous to the English svtem of poor
laws.

NEGRO SLAVERY.
Petitions were presented praying, for the aboli-
tion of Slavery, from Buckton, Kent, by Mr. Trant.
From North Shields, by. Mr. Ellison. From two
parishes in Leicester, by Mr. Legh Reck ; from
Derby by Mr. Crumpton; from Blythe, Northum-
berland, by Sir M. W. Ridley ; from Swanford,
Derby, by Mr. Wodehouse • and from fladdington,
by Sir James Graham; and from Rexham, by Sir
W. Wynn.

EMIGRATION.
Mr. W. HORTON presented petitions from the
Pensioners of the Royal Military Asylum at Chel-
sea, and from the inhabits-no of Paisley, praYiiig
Parliament to grant assistancE xo enable them to

emigrate.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition from
the tobacco and snuff manufaCturers of BrLtol,
against the proposed duty of 3d. on the lb. on stem
tobacco. The Hon. Member said that the wisest
course would be for Government to reduce the duty
instead of adding to it. The duty amounted to 3s.
on 4d. worth, and it was title enormous duty which
had encouraged the illicit' trade, which it was
the
object of every. Government to prevent,
Mi. W. HORTON withdrew his notice of mo-
tion on the subject of slavery, which stood far
Thursday, until -the' 3d July; and another motion,
which stood for the Ed July, until the Bth.
ECCLESIA'STICAL JURISDICTION.
Dr. PHILLIMORE withdrew the motion of his
which stood for this, night, on the *subject of the
jurisdiction exercised by the Ecclesiastical Court in
counties. The Hon.-Member stated, that his rea-
son for withclowing hiS notice was, that certain re-
turns for which he had moved were not yet printed.
The Hon. Getleman intimated his intention of bring-
ing forward
IMPORTATIO N übject early next
OF SILK. Session.
Mr. ROBINSON moved for returns of the quan-
