LAW LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

AGENERAL BOARD of DIRECTORS
of this SOCIETY will be held on TUESDAY, the
3d day of June next, at Two o'Clock in the Afternoon pre-
cisely, for the purpose of Electing an ACTUARY to this So-
ciety.
Gentlemen offering themselves as Candidates are requested
to send Testimonials of their Qualifications to the Secretary,
Mr. Anderton, Quality Court, Chancery-lane, on or before
Friday next, at Twelve o'Clock at Noon.
JAMES ANDERTON, Secretary.

ROYAL-EXCHANGE ASSURANCE OFFICE.
May 14, 1823.
TIIE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
ROYAL EXCHANGE ASSURANCE do hereby give
Notice, that their TRANSFER BOOKS will be shut, from
MONDAY, the 16th of June next, to THURSDAY, the
10th of July following, and that a GENERAL COMP of
the said Corporation' will be holden at their Office on WED-
NESDAY, the 18th of June next, at Eleven o'Clock in the
Forenoon, to consider of o Dividend.

SAMUEL. FENNING, Tun. Secretary.
***The Chair will he taken at Twelve o'Clock precisely.
N.B. Attendance is given, daily, at the said Office, and at
their Office in Pall Mall, for the Assurance of Buildings,
Goods, Merchandises, and Ships, in Harbour, in Dock, or
while Building, from Loss or Damage by Fire ; and also for
the Assurance of, and granting Annuities on, Lives.

LONDON REPOSITORY for the CABINET MAKERS'
SOCIETY, for every Description of CABINET FUiRNI-
TURE, FEATHER BED and MATTRESS MANU-
FACTORY, No. 71, Corner of LEADENHALL-

STREET, London, opposite Aldgate Pump.—Read.
Money Only.
THE Society of Cabinet-Makers respectfully
inform the Public that they still continue the above
Establishment, for the Benefit of Industrious Mechanics who
have large Familes, by offering them Manufactured Articles
in the Cabinet Line, of the best Workmanship, and Cheaper
than any House can do in London by twenty-five per cent.,
there being no other profit required on the Goods but the bare
house expences ; at the same time will he sufficiently satisfied
with having constant Employment for themselves and families.
This Society w.is Established in June, 1821, consisting of
N Mechanics, adding the number of their Wives and Fami-
lies' amounted to 66; in June, 1019, five more were added to
the Society ; in June, 1820, 10; and in June 1821, R. The
total Number now receiving Support through the Means of
this Establishment is 191.

The Society and their Families beg leave to return their
sincere thanks to those Ladies and Gentlemen who have
hitherto honoured them with their Orders and Recommenda-
tions, and shall'always feel happy in their endeavours to give
future satisfaction; at the same time solicit a Continuanee of
their Benevolence, whereby they may be enabled to increase
the Number of the Society.
The following Articles are inserted as a Specimen of the very
Low Prices, all warranted-Ready Money only.
Pull size Mahogany four-post Bedstead, lath bottom 31. 15s.
-Full size tent Bedstead 11. 65.-Bordered hair Mattress to
tit IL Is.-Mahogany Drawer, solid ends 31. 35.-Feather Bed
21.105.-Ditto free from dust and smell, full size 31 10s.-
Six japanned Chairs of any description in oil 11. std Os. do._
Wash-hand-stand 1 68.--Ditto, Dressing Tew- WS.-"eartn
Rugs 144.-3 ft. ti inches Chest of Di..tiwUrs 11. 45.-Three-foot
mahogany Pembroke Table 11. 18s.-Three-toot ditto on pil-
lars and claws 31. 155.-Mahogany Dressing Table 11.-Ditto
Bidett, best 11.4x.-Ditto Bedsteps 11 IN.-Ditto ditto 11.125.
-Ditto ditto 21. 2s - Dike (11,.t5. 2 drawers, best British
Plate 165.-Ditto ditto ls. 65.-Ditto ditto 11. 18s.-Ditte,
Swing Glass, large size, commode 35.-Ditto ditto 55.-Ditto
ditto Bs.-Ditto ditto 125.-Sea Bed and Pillow ss. 6d.-Ditto
ditto 65.-Ditto ditto 70.-Tray Stand 75.-Long Mahogany
Tray 14s-Japanned Book Shelf 75.-Tea Caddy 103.--Porta-
ble Doak 215.-Desk covers in number 145.-Music Chairs-
any pattern Bs. 6d.-Eight Mahogany Chairs, covered with
horse hair brass nailed 61. 65.-8 ditto ditto 61. 155.-8 ditto
ditto
71. 74-8 Trafalgar ditto 91. 95.-Mahoany Sofa to match
. 1 08.-Ditto Couch -7L 10s.-Ditto ditto 81.105.--Ditto, with
Bedstes4 71.10 x--Set of Mahogany Card and Sofa Tables, on
atimed legs, banded in rose-wood 81.135.--Set of Mahogany
Tables, two Card and Sofa, on pillars and claws 121. 125..-
Ditto, the best that can be made-to order or pattern 161. 10s.
Handsome 7 foot 6 back Igo_. Ditto 7 foot pedestal, Sideboard, with carved Dining Tables, of the las t-- 161. Ditto 6 foot six 151.-Set of
pattern, 4 foot by 10 foot 61 11.--
Ditto, 4 foot 2by 11 foot 6, 151, Ditto, 4 foot ;6 by 19 foot 6,
161. 165.-If 8p anis), ,an advance of 31.105.--Straw Palliasse
11. 11.-Tent -Bedstead and furniture al. 15.-Bamboo Bed-
stead and Preach elyptic top, with draper and fiinge, 81. 10s.
-Five-foot mahogany fourlost Bedstml and furniture, with
French draperies, Itned all through, complete, 151.
Five-rnot ditto ditto' 163. 10s.--Ditto ditto, with cornice, of a superior make, 181. 108 ,-.Ditto ditto, with gold cornice, ele-
gant drapery, 201-Drawin.g-rim Curtains, of the best Mo-
rino and Chintz, fitted for
window, 61. &1.-Ditto ditto 71. 7a.
-Ditto, of a superior and elegant style of Work, 101. 10s.-
Drawing-room rose-wood-Drawing..rooro Trafalgar chairs
Ditto, inlaid with huh' 201.--Table, 2 Covers, and Sofa, 161-
lesi.-Dirto 11. Is.-Drawing-room sofa 81. 6e.-Ditto, 71. 7s.
-Ditto 81. Bs.--Horse-hair Cushions, each sa 6d;_coeered
ditto 41-
THURNELL, Agent.
COUNTRY DEALERS AuppLivD.
Q13"13 packed free of expenct, except the materialavnd sent
to all pool of Great Britain and to the East and ea in.
dies."--Cipfaina fitted out, and merchants supplied With Ca.
Moot Goods for Exportation.
Houses
AptWQartments
days Furnished at
few hours' ogee, and
or four .

THE TRIENNIAL COMMEMORATION
of the BIRTH of the late Right Hon. WILLIAM
PITT, will be celebrated at Merchant Taylors' Hall, on Wed-
nesday, the 28th instant.
His Grace the Mike of RICHMOND in the Chair.
STEWARDS, Members of the Club.
The Most Noble the Marquis of Northampton.
The Right Honourable the Earl of Dartmouth.
The Right Honourable the Earl of Harewood.
The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Beresford.
The Right Honourable Lord Kenyon.
The Right Honourable Lord Rolle.
The Right Honourable Lord Henniker.
The Honourable W. H. J. Scott, M. P.
The Hight Honourable Sir George H. Rose, 31. P.
The Right Honourable Charles Grant, M. P.
Sir Edward Knatchbull, Bart. M. P.
Sir John Osborn, Bart. M. P.
Sir Thomas Dyke, Bart.
Sir Henry Carr ibbetson, Bart.
Sir John G. Cotterell, Ba AI. P.
Sir James Graham, Ban. M. P..
Sir Edmund K. Lacon, Bart.
Sir Miles Nightingall, K.C.B. M. P.
E. B. Wilbraham, Esq. M.P. John Paterson, Esq.
Thos. S. Gooch, Esq. M.P. R. IL Sparks, Esq.
C. J. Bramiling, Esq. M.P. John Pugh, Esq.
Christopher Smith, hsq. M.P. Thomas Howell, Esq.
George Bridges, Esq. M.P. William Roberts, Esq.
T. P. Macqueen, Esq. M.P. William Sawbrie„ Esq.
R. H. Davis, Esq. M.P. Thomas Hooke, Esc.
S. R. Lushington, 'Esq. M.P. Alexander Fraser, Esq.
Henry Bankes, Esq. M.P. John Thompson, Esq.
Nathaniel Sneyd, Esq. M.P. Oliver Hatch, Esq.
Jesse Watts Russell, Esq.3l. P. I Francis Bed well, Esq.
G. H. Sumner, Esq. M.P.
The doors of Merchant-Taylors' Hall will be opened at half-
past Four o'Clock.

THE PITT CLUB OF SCOTLAND.
At the Waterloo Hotel, Edinburgh,
The Earl of HOPETOUN, President.

MANCHESTER.

7--
At the Exchange Dining Room,
JOHN HARGREAVES, Esq. Ormerod House, President.

NORTHUMBERLAND and. NEWCASTLE-UPON-
TYNE.

At the Assembly Rooms, Newcastle,
ADDISON JOHN CRESS WELL BAKER, Esq. President.

BRISTOL.
At the Merchant's Hall,
THOMAS DANIEL, Esq. Alderman, President.

DERBY LOYAL TRUE BLUE CLUB.
At the New Inn, Derby,
The Rev. C. S. HOPE, President, in the Chair.

NORTH and SOUTH SHIELDS.
At Mr. John Oysten's, Golden Lion, South Shields,
Sir CUTHBERT HERON, Bart., President.

HALIFAX.
At the Old Cock Inn,
THOMAS HOItTON, Esq. President, in the Chair.

WOLVERHAMPTON.
At the Swan Hotel,
Colonel GATACRE, in the Chair.

LEICESTERSHIRE,
At Mr. Bishop's,
CHARLES GODFREY MUNDY, Esq. President.

LANCASTER.
At the Town Hall,
THOMAS GREENE, Esq. Sheriffof the County, President,

BLACKBURN HUNDRED.
At the Hotel, in Blackburn,
JOHN FOWI)EN BINDLE, jun. Esq. President.

BOLTON.
At the Commercial Inn,
JAMES KEARSLEY, Esq., President.

SOMERSET AND TAUNTON.
At the Castle Inn, in Taunton,
J. F. LUTTRELL, Esq., M.P., President.

SCARBOROUGH.
At .Morwan's Hotel.
WILLIAM TRAVIS, Esq., President.

READING AND BERKSHIRE.
At the Town Hall, Reading,
Sir NATHANIEL DUKINFIELD, Bart., President.

GLASGOW.
At the Assembly Room,
JOHN THOMAS ALSTON, lisq,, of Muir Park, in the
Chair.

LOUTH.
At the Fleece Inn.
Lieutenant-Colonel ELAIHIRST, in the Chair.

CHELMSFORD.
At the Black Boy Inn,
W WILLIAM MAYHE , Esq. in the th.a.

ESSEX.

At the Black Boy Inn, Chelmsford,
H. H. KELliAll, tag. Ilonorary:•A^--"

irciitVN.

at the Nag's Bead Inn, on the 29th inst.
THOMAS LEIGH, Esq. M.P., President.

SHEFFIELD.
At the Tontine Inn, in September,
W. BROWNELL, Esq. Sec.

NORFOLK and NORWICH.
At Norwich, in the October Sessions Week,
Liout..CoL HARVEY, of. Thorpe Lodge, in the Chair.

DEVON and EXETER.
On Thursday, the 18th of September next,
Sir THOMAS T. F. E. DRAKE, Bart., President.

HEREFORDSHIRE.
At the Hotel, Hereford, in October,
Lord EASTNOR, President.

BIRMINGHA3I.
In October next.
GEORGE BARKER, Esq. lionorary Stcrctary.

RAM PSIIIRE.
On the 21st of. October,
Colonel' WILLIAM IREMENGE ft, President.

YORK.
On the 28th instant,
JOHN WOLSTENHOLIUK, Esq., Sectetary.

GLOUCESTBRSHIRE.
At the tlell Hotel, Gloucester, in August,
The Duke of BEAUFORT, President.

SUFFOLK.

On Tuesday, the 19th of August,
T. 8. GOOCH, Nsq., M.P., President.

MENAI.
At Carnarvon, in August,
Sir JOSEPH._ BUDIARD, President.

LPEDS.
At the Music Hall,
WILLIAM BECKETT, Vsq• in the Chair.

THE COLONIES.

CANADA.

PROVINCIAL PARLIAMENT of LOWER CANADA.

IzorsLaTivz COUNCIL, March 22, 1823.

This day, at three o'clock, his Excellency the Governor-in.
Chief came down in State to the Legislative Council Chamber,
and being seated on the Throne, the Gentleman Usher of the
Black Rod was sent to command the presence of the Assem-
bly, which being come up, his Excellency was pleased to give
the Royal Assent to the following Bills:--

An Act to amend an Act passed in the tilith year of the
and Night
Reign of his late Majesty George the Third, intituled, " An
Act to rrovide more effectually. for the security of the City of
Quebec and Montreal, by establishing a "Watch
LighFtsuninds ecdnieseasi
sday for d
rCities, and
ndforo other purposes, and to increase
thepurposesr
of
the
said Act...

An Act to appropriate certain sums of money therein men_
tioned, towards opening and repairing a Road from Drum.
mondville to Sorel, and the Temiscouata Road, and for other

purposCs.
An Act to appropriate a certain stun of money therein men?

doped, for the relief of Insane, Invalid, and Inferior Persons,
and towards the support of Foundlings.
An Act for the further Fneouragement of Agriculture in this
Province.
An Act for the relief of George Waters Allsopp and others
therein-mentioned, with respect to the erection of a Bridge over
the River Jacques Cartier, pursuant to a certain Act of the
Legislature of this Province therein mentioned.
An Act to extend the power of the Justices of the Peace, in
certain cases specified in the 15th Section of an Act of the be-
gislature of thial Province of the 35th year of the Reign of his
late Majesty George 111. chapter eighth.
An Act further to regulate persons who keep houses of
Public Entertainment, and retail SpiritouB Liquors, and for
other purposes.
An Act to erect certain Townships therein mentioned into a
District to be called the Inferior District of St. Francis, and to
establish Courts of Judicature therein.
An Act to appropriate certain Sums of money towards the
aid of the Montreal General Hospital, and for the Hod Dieu
of Quebec.
An Act to repeal in part and to amend and continue for a li-
mited time an Act passed in the 59th year of the Reign of his
late Majesty George the Third, intituled " An Act to repeal
certain Acts therein mentioned, and to regulate the Lumber
Trade."
An Act to extend the disposition of an Act passed in the 511
year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Third, Chap-
ter twenty-second, in favour of Jacques Morin, Junior.
An Act to enable his Majesty to defray certain arrears of ex-
penccs appertaining to the Civil Government of the Province.
An Act to appropriate certain sums of money towards en-
abling his Majesty to defray certain expences therein mention-
ed, appertaining to his Majesty's Civil Government of this
Province far the year 1823.
An Act to appropriate a sum of money to facilitate the exe.
cution of an Act therein mentioned, commonly called the Qua-
rantine Act, and for other purposes.
An Act to enable the inhabitants of the Seigniory of Yamaska
to provide for the better regulation of the Common of the said
Semgniory.
An Act to continue and amend three certain Acts therein
mentioned for the better regulation of the Militia of this
Province.
An Act to appropriate, annually, a certain sum of money
therein mentioned, to enable his Majesty to defray the Pen-
siongranted to Dame Louise Phillipe Badelard, Itridow and
Relict of the late Hon. Jean Antoine Pane; in his life time
Speaker of the Assembly of this Province.
An Act to appropriate certain annual sums of money therein
mentioned, to enable his Majesty to defray the expences of
Pensions, conferred by his Majesty upon the llonourable James
Monk and the Honourable Isaac Ogden respectively.
An Act to grant a certain sum of money therein mentioned,
towards aiding the Society of Education of Quebec.
An Act to make further provision for the Lieutenant Gayer.
nor of this Province, during his residence in this Province. '
An Act further to continue for a limited time an Act
in the fifty-seventh year of the Reign of his late Majesty Sl:jet
the Third, intituled " An Act to facilitate the administration of
Justice in certain small matters therein mentioned in the Country
Parishes."

An Act to continue for a limited time two certain Acts therein
mentioned, relating to the trial of small causes in the Country
Parishes of this Province.
An Act to extend the provisions of two Acts therein men-
tioned for the summary trial of small causes to the Magdalen
Islands and other settlements not comprehended in the pur-
views of the said Acts.
An Act to appropriate a certain sum of money therein men.
tioned, towards continuing and competing the Lachine Canal.
An Act to appropriate a sum of money therein mentioned to
indemnify Benjamin Ecuyer, for certain Plans of the City of
Quebec by him prepared.
An Act to appropriate a certain sum of money therein men.
tioned for the Relief of Indigent Sick Emigrants from the
United Kingdom.
An Act to appropriate a certain sum of money annually for
a limited time, in aid and for the support of the Douse of In-
dustry in the City of Montreal.
An Act to re.imhurse and make good a certain sum of money
therein mentioned, expended towards defraying the Expenses
of the Civil Government for the year 1818.
An Act ibrther to continue for a limited time two certain
Acts therein mentioned, relating to louses of Correction in the
several Districts of this Province.
An Act to appropriate a certain sum of money therein men-
tioned fur the Goal at Three-Rivers.
An Act to appropriate a sum of money therein mentioned,
for the erection of Stepping Mills in the Houses of Correction
for the Districts of Quebec and Montreal.
An Act further to continue for a limited time an Act passed
in the fifty-eishtli year of the Reign of his late Majesty George
the Third, inutuled " An Act to provide more effectually for
the security of the Cities of Quebec and Montreal, by establish-
ing a Watch and Night Lights In the said Cities, and for other
put poses."

An Act to grant an aid to his Majesty for the purpose of
making a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Saint
John to the Basin of Chambly, upon the River Sorel or Riche.
lieu.

An Act for the Relief of certain Censitaires or Grantees of
La Salle and others therein mentioned, possessing Lands within
the limits of the Township of Sherrington.
An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth year of
the Reign.of his late 'Majesty George the Third, intituled "An
Act for the Division of the Province of Lower Canada, to
tunend the Judicature thereof, and to repeal certain Laws therein
mentioned" inasmuch as the same relates to the Courts of
Criminal Jurisdiction.
An Act to extend certain provisions contained in an Act
passed in the fifty-seventh year of the Reign of his late Ma-
jesty, intituled "An Act to provide temporary. Houses Of
Correction in the several Districts of this Province."
An Act to explain and extend the provisions of an Act pass.
ed in the thirty-sixth year of the Reign of his late Majestyl in.
tituled " An Act tar rnaking, repairing, and altering the High.
ways and Bridges within this Province, and for other purposes
in so fur as respects the Townships."
An Act for the establishment of Fairs in this Province.
An Act to provide further regulation concerning the Inspec.
tion and packing of Beef and Pork intended for exportation.
An. Act to provide for the Inspection of Fish and Oil intend.
oalnA importation from the Parts of Quebec and Itlontreal.
fintl) more Ciat•4, -asiselun**ry Sheriff s Sales ( Decrets
ed both
Speech

Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, and
Gentlemen of the Rouse of Assembly,
T have seen with great satisfaction that the various sultiects
submitted to your consideration in the course of this Session
have been discussed with all that diligence and attention which
the peculiar circumstances of the Province so much required.
The Acts passed by you to facilitate the Administration of
Justice and to extend the advantages of it to the distant parts
of the Country; the encouragement continued to Agricultural
Societies and to Canals; the Regulations adapted to the Trade
of the Province ; and the assistance afforded to Charitable In-
stitutions, are unequivocal testimonies of the public spirit which
has animated you in the discharge of your Legislative duties.

Gentlemen of the Assembly,
I thank you for the supplies granted, and for the liberal ap-
propriations made for the purposes which I have recommended,
I hope to find that the means also have been duly considered
and adequately provided. Be assured that on my part they
shall be faithtuUy applied.
Gentlemen of the Legislative Council,
Gentlemen of the Assembly,
I regret that so much difficulty has been found In the esta-
blishment of Offices of Registry. I hope, however, that the
subject will still be kept in view as one of the highest import-
ance, affecting equally the security and the value of private
property, and that you will, at a future gelled, again take it
into consideration.

I have not failed to transmit your respective addresses to his
11Iajesty upon the subject 14' the Union of the Legislaturts of
the Canadas. I trust that the people of this Province will not
await the decision of this important question with that full
confidence which, from the experience of more than sixty years
of happiness and prosperity under the British Crown, they ought
to place in the wisdom and justice of the Imperial Parliament,
and in the paternal views and intentions of their Sovereign.
It only remains for me to (Ate my warmest thankslor your
assiduous and laborious attendance. The hopes I lately ex-
Pressed to you have been Ain), realized, and I think it must be
gratifying to you to be assured, that I esteem the result of the
Session to be at once honourable to yourselves, and useful to
your Country.

ROUSE OF COMMONS.
A person from the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland pre-
sentecl a copy of the Grand Jury Panels of the City of Duhh.t' t
for the last seven years.—.,./.aid on the table.
Lord BERNARD presented a petition from the Tanners of
the Town of Bandon, praying for a Reduction of the Duties
on the Importation of Foreign Bark.—Laid on the table.
Sir R. SHAW presented a petition from the Chamber of
Commerce of Dublin, praying for an alteration in the law be-
tween Principal and Factor—.Luid on the table.
Sir J. ROWLEY presented a petition from the Tanners of
the Town of Kinsale, praying for a Reduction of the Duties on
Foreign Bark—Laid on the table.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from certain Coro..
tient of the County of Galway, praying that their Fees..might
be restored to them—Laid on the table.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a Petition from the Tanners
of the Town of Wexford, praying for a Repeal of the Duty on
Foreign Bark.
Mr. Sheriff Lu CAB presented a Petition from the Lord Mayor,
Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common
Council assembled, against the Southwark Small Debts Bill,
which, they averred, contained provisions highly injurious to
their interests, and they prayed to be heard by their Counsel
against the same--Laid on thelable.
Mr. COKE presented a Petition from the owners and occu-
piers of land in the vicinity of Norwich, complaining of agri-
cultural distress.—Laid on the table.
Mr. S. 'WORTLEY presented a Petition from the currier*,
saddlers, shoemakers, and other workers in leather, of the town
of Whitby, praying that the Leather Tax may be entirely re-
pealed.—Laid on the table.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a Petition from the parish of
Olingham, in the county of Northumberland, against negro
slavery.—Laid on the table.
Mr. S. RICE presented a Petition from the Corporation and
Chamber of Commerce of Limerick, praying for a total repeal
of the Tax on Leather.
Mr. CALCRA PT said, as soon as the inquiry into the con-
duct of the Sheriff of Dublin was closed, which would be at an
early hour, as he understood there was only one witness to exit.
mine, he would, with the consent of the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, submit to the House his motion for the repeal of the
Leather Tex.—The Petition was laid on the table.
Mr. S. RICE presented a Petition from the inhabitants of
Belfast against the Leather Tax.—Laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Sir R. FERGUSSON presented a Petition from the
bleachers and linen manufacturers of the town of liirkaldy, in
Fifeshire, praying that a Bill now in progress through the
House, which took away the bounty on the importation of sul-
' phur, an article necessary for the formation of sulphuric acid,
much of which was used in the linen manufacture, should not
pass into a law.
Mr. HUME hoped that the duty on sulphur would be re.
pealed altogether.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented a Petition from Mr. Wi-
lliam Parker, complaining of the oppressive manner in which ha
had been treated at the Cape of Good Hope He had gone out
,to Africa as a free settler, accompanied " by 220 odd- indivi.
duals," but all his hopes had been ruined, and his property de-
stroyed, by. the arbitrary course which was adopted tow.od,
hint. Against the Colonial Secretary, Lieut.-Col. ,Bird, the
allegations of the petition were directed. The petition prayed
for the Stillatae inquiry. Ile had already appealed to other
authorities, to whom he had At leghiniste right of appeal; but
as redress was refused to hint, he now came to the /louse as his
last resource. The lion. Secretary (Mr. Itrilinot) would per-
haps say, that this ease should be referred to the Commis.
sinners who had been sent out to the Cape. This had been
done, and they referred it back to the Governor; since which
Mr. Parker had heard nothing about it. The petitioner was
now in London, and was ready to mute forward to prove the
whole of his allegations.—The petition was then read.
Mr. IVILIIIOT said he could give no better proof of the
discussion which this subject had undergone in the Colonial
Office than by stating that the correspondence upon it there
occupied 599 folio pages. From all he knew of the business,
he thought there was a
.primes fuck ease made out against
Mr. Parker; at the same time he would be ready to poxiuce
any explanatory papers upon the subject.
Mr. HUME hoped that the Hon. Baronet would bring for-
ward a motion upon the subject, as lie had reason to know that
the grossest individual injustice was inflicted in the colony
alluded to. lie had heard of various flagrant instances, which,
like theresent, he thought ought to boconsidered at 'the bar
Ho
use.
Mr. that
Mr. WILMOT promised to produce the fullest documents
on the subject.
11Ir. HUTCHINSON hoped that the inquiry would be
called for by the Honourable Baronet. It was a question, he
had reason to believe, which involved a severe individual
grievance, and one thati ought not to be passed over without
due inquiry.
Mr. BLNNET complained of the encouragement which
was, he understood, extended by the Government to emigra-
tion to Allica. Convinced, fromindisputable facts, that ruin
and misery attended the spirit of emigration so encouraged,
and that not a single shilling ought to be devoted to it, lie
would on a future occasion call the attention of the House to
the subject.
Sir N. COLTHURST thought, on the contrary, that a
spirit of emigration ought to be encouraged from the south of
Ireland to the colony. He believed the case of Mr. Parker to
be one which, loudly called for inquiry.
After a few words from Sir T. LETHRUIDGE and Mr.
Got, x.a u nx, the petition was laid on the table.
Mr. Sergeant ONSLOW postponed, until this day week, the
2d reading of the Usury Laws' Repeal Bill.
SHERIFF 01' DUBLIN.
};l4 ,the motion of Mr. CAL clta r T, the Order of the Day for
• ••••• rimittee to inquire into the conduct of the g restest,
Thavin
B . Hose hrno): in tit, - • -
Sir Arthur.
By Sir .1. NEw PORT--I apprehend that on the lOrreer novo.
Witness understood that he was questioned on the subject of
the Orangeman's oath, made prior to the adoption of the new
system of 1820 ?.—I was.
I with to ask, did witness take the oath under the old sys-
tem ?—I did.

Will witness state whether the oath under the old system was
that which I shall now read to him.
[The Right Hon. Baronet here read an oath, binding the
party taking it to support his Majesty King George the Third,
his heirs and successors, as long as they maintained the Pro-
testant aseendancyi the laws, and constitution of theme king.
donna; and also binding the party to honour the memory of
William the Third, and. never to become a Papist or an United
Irishman, or to take the secret oaths of that or any other So-
ciety ; and always to conceal and never tttreveal what was then
to be communicated to him till authorised to do so by the
Orange institution. It also bound the party not to write, in.
dite, print, or in any other way make known such secrets, and
to remain a true Orangeman without fear, -bribery, or corrup-
tion. So help him God.)
Is this the oath cannot state that ail the words are aar,
reedy given, but it is aubstantially the oath. •
As this oath bonsai the witness always to conceal and
never to reveal what was privately communicated to him, I
will now risk, if what I am about to read belongs to the secret
articles of the Institution s--" That .we will yield allegiance to
King George 111., his heirs or successors, so long as he or
they shall maintain the Protestant Ascendancy, and the laws
and Constitution of these Kingdoms." WM this not one of

them ?—No.
It was not one of them P---No, it was not one of the secret
articles.
Was this one of the articles belonging to the Orange lamina—
tion P—lt was part of the oath.
Was this pan of the articles, " and I will be true to all
Orangemen e'—it was no part of the secret articles. It was
contained in the detlatation which I handed in on a tomer

evening. it was no part of the secret ankles respecting viliith
the Right Hon, Baronet was questioning me.
Was this part of what you subscribed to as an Orange-
rnartA—The •whole of it was part of the declaration of the
(Jrangeman.
Was this part of it ?—" That we will be true to all Orange-
men in all just transactions, neither wronging them nor seeing
them wronged by others?"—l state this to have been part of
the published declaration of the Orangemen, such it was no I
doubt. But no part of it was secret, and understood the
-Right Hon. Baronet to ask if this did not form a part of the
secret articles.
I wish to know if the Hon. Baronet entered into such an
agreement or not ?—Unquestionably.
Two questions were then put respecting parts of the declara-
tion pledging those subscribing toit not tosee a brother wronged
of money, or otherwise brought into trouble. These passages
the witness did not recollect.
Was this part of the Orangeman's engagement—" We will
.not carry away money, goods, or any things from any person
whatever, excepting arms and•ammunition, and these only
from our enemies ?" Diet the Hon.. Baronet subscribe to these
words ?-1 never did, nor bevel ever heard them before..
Is this a part of the declaratiorshanded in by the Hon. Baro-
net ?—lt is not.
Is what follows part of it ? " And we engage in ten hours
time, or in whatever time may be required if possible, and if
not hurtful to our families, to attend any summons from the
Master."—l never heard of this.
Is this one of the rules ? " That no man should be admit-
ted a member without the unanimous consent of the body !"
There is no such rule that I know of. A person of course
cannot be admitted unless the body generally are favourable to
him.
Is what follows a part of the rules ? " A man shall keep
fire secrets of his brother as his own, excepting in cases of
murder, treason, or perjury, and that of his own free will."—
I know of no such words.
Are there none such ?—Not that I know of.
Is it not one of the rules that no Roman Catholics shall be
admitted on any account?--Certainly not.
Does the Hon. Baronet recollect a paper being printed for
gratuitous distribution in the year 1020 ?—I do.
Was this the title of it, " Extracts from the Rules and Re-
gulations of the Orange Institution ?"—The word " Extracts"
I believe was not in it. The paper in question I gave in at the
bar of the House.
Does the Hon. Baronet recollect a paper relative to sepanite
regulations for all Purplemen ? 'There is such a part of the In-
stitution ?—There' is.
What are the words by which a Purpleman is distinguished
from an Orangeman ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL rose to order, and the witness was
ordered to withdraw. The Right Hon. Gentleman said, the
examination having arrived at this point, he desired to call the
attention of the House to the question which was about to be
.put. On a preceding discussion, a large majority came to a
vote, which he considered as virtually deciding against such a
, question being put.—(llear, hear, from the Opposition.)—lle
.certainly thought the House had virtually conic to the decision
that it was best not to press ts-question upon the witness, for
. words which he conceived himself bound by oath not to disclose.
, They were now discussing the same question. He had no
hesitation in admitting that the House had a right to an answer,
and if it .were withheld, he would not say to enforce it, but to
resort to that alternative which was in their possession. But it
. was at all times open to the discretion of the House, whether
any particular question should be put, to a witness or not. He
did not thing.:the tranquillity of Ireland was likely to be pro.
• united by sending this witness to Newgate, and it did appear to
him necessary to the enquiry that this question should be
~either answered or put. There was now a Bill upon the table
;putting an end to all these secret oaths, and in a fortnight they
would be illegal in Ireland, as they already were in England.
The question was therefore clearly unnecessary for the purpose
,sof getting at or suppressing their symbols and agreements.
Was it, then, necessary, for the purposes of this enquiry into
the conduct of the and Grand Jury ?—(llear, hear!)—
. At all events the Right Hon. Baronet must first mliew that there
was necessity with a view to that object. He Should not con.
:sent that the question be put without first taking the sense of
. the House upon it.
Sir J. NEWPORT contended that the question was per.
fettly relevant to the Inquiry, and ought to be put. The ob-
ject was to inquire what the obligations of an Orangeman were,
when the Sheriff had knowingly appointed Orangemen upon
the panel. The question now was, whether the privileges of
that House were to be set et nought by the agreements and
symbols of that society. The adjournment of the House the
other evening he believed had no such object its that of avoid-
ing a repetition of the question. The House was at the
time very much thinned, owing to the lateness of the hour,
.and not in a state to conic to a decision of so much im.portance.
been _And even if such a decision had conic to, there Luta since
been time for consideration, and it was 9uite competent for
the Committee to adopt another course with the present ques-
.tion.. The Right lion. Baronet complained of having been mis-
,ropresented in what he said of the Scripture the other day, and
.also of the want of candour in the lion. Member, who went
up stairs to search the Bible for the passage he had mentioned.
• It..was true that the Anialekites were not mentioned but it was
the Amorites. He thought the Hon. Member might in candour.
have told this to the House. He should like to know whether
.this reluctance would be Observed towards a United Irishman if'
lie were to refuse an answer upon the account of having taken a
secret oath. He knew that in other times no such obligations of
ia United Irishman would have been allowed as an excuse, even
.to the infetior (Accra of justice.; and that answers were very
often extracted from them in a very cruel way. lithe:House
were of opinion that it was not relevant to the present inquiry
,to know what were die symbols and pledges ,by which Orange-
Then were bound, he did not know what was relevant. If they
came to such a decision, they would abdicate their rights, and
no longer have the power of inquiry. A 'witness had ' only to
-snake a voluntary oath, and then refuse to answersuch ques.
dons as he wished to evade. He trusted the Committee would
not so far degrade itself as to abdicate its authority, and to
,(diva this Gentleman a triumph. The Right lion. Secretary of
State had informed them that a Bill was in Parliament to put
.an end to all these Societies. He hoped it would do so ; and
it was not his fault that such measures had not been taken be-
:fore. But the enactments of that Bill would not at ail affect
the question before them. It was not what Orangemen would
be, that they wanted to inquire, but what Orangemen were
when they were put on the Grand Jury by the Sheriff. Upon
these grounds he thought the Committee would not prevent his
proceerlins.witli the examination ; anfilieshould certainly press
,the question unless they interfered.
Mr. CA LCRAFT said, that being the Member who moved
'the adjournment the other night, he could state that his inters.
in so doing was not that which had been imputed to him
by the Hight lion. Gentleman opposite. The question now
before the Committee did not.appear to him to he pertinent to
the inquiry ; but if his Right lion. Friend thought differently,
,he had a right to put it.
Mr. GOULBURN did not rise hi maintain any such doe.
trine as that thole who were brought to the bar should refuse to
give evidence upon any subject which the House should re.
Anise of them. But he stood there to discharge the Parlia

+in entary duty of etiery individual wholtad a seat in that (louse,
to express his opinion as to whether o,que.stion witsproper to be
,put' or not. lie thought this was a question which it would
neither be disereet our desirable to put in any view of the
.Case. The flight halt. Baronet said that it was necessary to
Shoe what were the obligations of the Orangemen. placed
qipon the Grand Jury panel, as that was the point upon which
.it was charged. that the Sheriff had acted improperly.., But j,,t,
was necessary, .before this evidence c0.,1LE5:414;t171:11
ehui.ll,l be proved .to routomt.:' •"'A"
1,<...-1)-- suit tur 35 the evidence had gon
pearcti that the Sheriff was not an Or4.„,ange'it i ew I,'°-
on. seenied
thinPiQf al24l4lF444l46lllllWriiiie".tttto4Un aronet.
of 'authority
-taut
the,ktTat nu- not•yet been put to -the Witiiess,-ithit the
41.
.44'0 mut the choice of stopping before it proceeded to that
point. Ile was sure that this exercise of the power of the
Geese in this case would be productive, of the most disastrous
results in Ireland and therefore, as al honest man, he could
Blot I
ot agree to it. If the present were the ease of u 'United Irish-
man, he should meet it on the saute principles.
Mr. ABERCROMIIV said that this wire one of the most
itnportant questions which could come before them, Goth as it
regarded the dignity of the !louse and the safety of Ireland.—
With regard to the itnmediate,question proposed to the wit-
ness by-Ids Hight llou. Friend, he thought it was the most re.,
levant to'the Nulty than any that could be devised by the
wit of man, The whole question turned upon mite obliga-
tions to which Orangemen were .bound. iVliat W 444 the charge
Against the High Sheriff'? Why, that he had appointed
Orsnge Hear, hear !)—lf the House hesitated in net-
Mg upon its rights and privileges, this witness would go home
.and be met m triumph by all the Orange party the principal
('nut of which were those who received the salaries which that
louse had lately been voting. The object ought not now to
b.-, that of avoiding to give a triumph to either party. Such
language was now pusillanimous; all they had to do was to
see who wits right, and to support that party which adinini-
stored justice with impartiality. If the witness were to be al.
lowed to refuse answering the questions of the Committee, it

Would be giving him the—greatest triumph and victory over a
fallen House of Commons, • If he were sent to Newgate,
'though he should be afterwards met by all the Orangemen in
Ireland, he would think that a contemptible triumph in cont-

parisou to that of refusing to answer questions with impunity.
Mr. PELIfAM (who spoke from under the gallery) was
understood to.say,_ that after what had taken place on Friday
evening last, the liotse, he tholight, was precluded from grant-
ing the indulgence whieh.Sir 4 B. King solicited 1n thispar-

:jetties. Otherwise, he (Mr. Pelham) would have been happy
a have conceded it.
Mr. Secretary CANNING wished to state shortly the rea-
son why, if this question came to the vote, he should vote
against allowing it to be put to the witness. If he had any
doubt of the power of the House, which was so unquestionable,
he should have no difficulty in consenting, to the•question being
put. But being fully convinced of their power to rule an un-
ruly witness, be would no press forward in a course which he
deemed likely to be most disastrous in its effects upon the state
of Ireland. This was the opinion he entertained the other
night, and, after forty-eight hours reflection, lie did think it
would be mdie discreet to abstain from putting such questions,
than to have to deal with the questions of penalty where the re-
fusal to answer should be made. There being a Bill before
the House for putting down this Orange Society, and having
evidence already of what the Society is, he did not think it
worth while, for the sake of gaining further evidence upon
the subject, to incur the danger of such consequences as
were justly to be apprehended. This appeared to him to be
the narrow compass of the question before the committee. But
if' the majority should come -to a different decision upon
other. grounds, he should not be the person to interfere at any
other stage to oppose the regular course of the House in
such cases. With regard to the particular party to which the
prisoner belonged, belied no feelings of partiality whatever ;
if a United Irishman stood in the same situation, his conduct
would be regulated by the same considerations, and if the
effect would be to throw discord and disturbance into Ireland,
he would abstain from compelling him to answer particular
questions.
Mr. BROUGHAM expressed his wish that; instead of put-
ting this question, his Right Hon. Friend had repeated the one
which the witness had so pertinaciously and so contumaciously
refitted to answer. If the House desired to retain the shadow
of the power of obtaining an answer to a question put through
the Chair, it must first have an answer to the former question.
It was too late to take any other course ; it was too late to talk
of expediency. They had determined to go into an inquiry
opon the conduct of the Sheriff' for packing a Jury. The
Sheriff had bragged of having an Orange panel in his pocket.
Colonel BARRY rose to order. He did not think that the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman had a right to assume these
charges as proved when there was already evidence against
them.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, he had before had occasion to re-
mark upon the cinuleur, and acuteness, and abilities with which
the Right Hon. Gentleman had conducted one side of the in-
quiry, and be was sure it was only the heat of the moment
which had led him out of that line. lie certainly had a right
to argue upon what was before them in evidence, although he
did not' assume it to be proved. It was in evidence that the
Sheriff had exultingly said he hail a good Orange panel in his
pocket. And since he was dragged jr.to it, he must say that
lie never saw such a failure as the attempt to contradict it.
They took the most extraordinary means—
Mr. PLUNKETT rose to order. His lion. and Learned
Friend was departing from the rule he had laid down.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, his Right Hon. and Learned
Friend was quite right,' but he would see that he had been
dragged into this course of remark. They at least had it in
evidence that such an assertion had been made by the Sheriff;
and could any man then say, that to inquire into what these
Orangemen were was irrelevant ? But then it was not discreet
to examine on such points. These silken phrases might suit the
taste, but it was absolute effeminacy to talk so in such a case as
this. Discretion was the better part of valour—(a laugh)—and
the public would see what it was upon the present occasion. Judg.
mete too was a term used; and they all knew that it also meant
that part of valour assigned to discretion.—(A laugh.)—And
this was the determination to which the Right Hon. Secretary
of State had come after 411 hours of sober, collected .reflection.
Dignity? too, had been talked of; but the House would lose
all dignity, and authbrity likewise, unless it went back to the
very question, which the House decided almost unanimously it
would- have answered. But now this Deputy Grand Master
of all the Orange Lodges put their dignity to flight upon his
first appearance. The other night the question was put to
him, which he contumaciously refused to answer. But now
they were not to proceed even so far as to put any question
of which he was not likely to approve. He came like another
great personage who came before him—vent,
(Loud laughter.)—This might be passed over in the House,
but what would the public say and think when they saw such
proceedings ? What would they think when they saw how the
poor printers were treated if they came to their bar, and con.
misted it with their conduct towards Sir A. Bradley King ?
_it was said in another place by Lord Itedesdale (and he named
him to honour him for his services, and for his authority upon
such subjects), that the result of twenty 3'ears experience in
Ireland informed him that in that ill-fitted country there was
one justice for the rich, and another for the poor, and both ill..
administered. Ile had hoped that such a state of things were
confined to Ireland ; but he found that the same state of things
now existed in the British House of Commons. Their duty
was to probe this inquiry to the bottom, and to deal equally
with all parties. But let them not meet the Orangemen with
Bills which they did not know would be carried, and which
were intended to pronounce that to be illegal which the Judges
and the Attorney-General, and almost every body else, had
already declared to .be so. Let them not send back Sir
Abraham Bradley King to the Orange Lodges with the
triumph of having humbled and defeated the Parliament of
England.
Mr. WYNN said, that the Committee were placed in a
choice of difficulties, and it was not easy to decide which was
the best course to adopt. All questions proposed by indivi.
dual Members were undoubtedly at the discretion of the house
before they could be put, if there was any objection. He an-
ticipated in the first place, that such questions and difficulties
would arise, anti upon that ground he opposed the inquiry.
Buthe thought they must now proceed. The symbals of the
Orangemen might be ostensibly used for the purpose of' know.
ing. each other ; but if they were composed of passages from
scripture, they might contain pledges of a very different de.
seription. Suppose, for instance, a secret society selected for its
sign the passage..." Ye shall bind your Kings in chains ;"
there would he no doubt of the obligation to which that sym.
hot would hind them. lie regretted differing from his Right
Hon. Friends, but a sense of duty compelled him to think diet
the question should be pressed.
Sir J. NEWPORT said he intended not to press the ques.
tion now, but to withdraw it without giving up his right to put
it at any future period If he thought necessary. But he thought
the former question ought to be answered by the witness.
A desultory conversation then ensued as to the power of the
Right Hon. Baronet to withdraw the question, which led to no
decision upon the point, and he. withdrew it according to his
first intention.
Nr. Secretary PEEL expressed his objections to press the
witness upon the subject of the symbols of the Society. Ile
had already asked him if there was any thing in them beyond
the making one Orangeman known to another, and the wit-
ness answered in the negative. What he objected to was, that
they should press for answers to these questions, merely to
know what the paekagett were us signs ;' but If there was a
verse which alluded to the .extermination of the people, he
should not object to having that answered.
After a few words from Mr. W. SUITSI, the witness was
recalled, and Sir J.: NtWPORT put to him the following
question:—
From what part of Scripture are the passages taken, which
are read to Orangemen?
Mr. Secretary PBFL moved that the witness do Withdraw and objected to the qUestion, ; The witneieuvitli.l----
,4„.eeeessaUßT repeated the eig
eetteloe.Anit...-----
ft be putse tT
.11,14,;.,4tax:f.,.eswe's eeon ea the motion, and said. hat this
qtresnait was distinct from that upon which Ministers had just
seven an opinion, anti without any inconsistency they might
agree to it. The Hop. and 'Learned Member then read -the,
minutes,;of the fernier evidence, and contended that the ques-
tion now was, whether the House or the witness should 'pre.
vail. In answer to this question when put to the witness be-
fore, ho had referred them generally to the Old Testament. it
was impossible for the House to feel that this was an answer to
its question; and it would be acting deceitfully it' it declared
such a belief.

Mr. PLUNKETT thought it would he better to put the ques-
tion thus In what part of the Old Testament are the texts
read to Orangemen to be found ?" Sir J. NEWPORT moved the question accordingly.
Colonel BARRY said it would be dealing snore fairly by
the witness .w ask him at one,: " In what hook, and chapterand
verse in the Old -Testament, are the words to be found ?"
Sir J. NEWPORT said he had not the slightest objection
to put the question in this form,
Mr. Alderman WOOL) thought the better way would be to
put betbre the witness, as questions such passages as were sup-
posed to contain the words ; he had no dqubt apostates enough
would be found to suggest thent.
Mr. Secretary CANNING entirely concurred in opinion
with the gallant Colonel and the worthy Alderman. It' this
question were to be put in the form suggested, and a refusal
given to answer it, he should be inclined to draw the same in-
ference as the Right lion. Baronet had done respecting the
meaning and application of the words.
Mr. ABERCR WIRY thought the course proposed by the
Right lion. Baronet was the best. ,
Sir JOHN NEWPORT also thought the course remit-
mended by the gallant Colonel was the best.
Colonel BA ItRY thought the plan suggested by the worthy
Alderman was better than his own, and he should be inclined
to move it as an amendmmt.

After a few word:, from Lord MitTort,
Mr. ELLI:4 said, he tlNight it would be better to ask
the witness whether the words, whatever they were, were

-used as a sign only, hrmeans of which one Orangeman knew
another.
The 'question being put that the witness be asked, " In what
book, chapter and verse in the Old Testament, were to be found
the words read to an Orangeman on his admission ?"
Mr. BANKES said, he considered the question as alto-
gether unnecessary, and irrelevant to the inquiry into the con-
duct of the Sheriff. If the question were necessary, he would
vote for compelling the witness to answer it, notwithstanding
the oath he had taken ; but not so considering it,he should cer.
tainly take the sense of the House on the motion.
Mr. J. WILLIAMS spoke shortly in favour of the motion,
and Mr. K. DOUGLAS against it.
The Committee then divided—when there appeared-- •
For the Motion 87
Against it 117
Majority -—3 O
On our re-admission into the Gallery, we found
Mr. BROUGHAM on his legs addressing the Committee.
He wished he could conceal from himself the tendency,of the
decision to which the Committee had just come. In his opi-
nion that tendency was to encourage unlawful associations and
unlawful oaths. Those who voted with the majority on the
last division, from motives of religion, had, he could assure
them, encouraged a practice which went to cut up all sound
religion by the roots. These oaths were not only illegal, hut
were irreligious and profane. This was the opinions of the
Judges, who even thought that they were blasphemous oaths ;
and for his own part, although he did not defend the conduct
of the poor people who had been indicted, and punished for
blasphemy, he thought the oaths in question much more objec-
tiOnable than their conduct. He thought, indeed, that they
were the worst practical blasphemy. Instead of inquiring
whether a question would be proper or improper, the Committee
appeared to have decided an inquiry whether it would be agree-
able or disagreeable to Alderman King to answer it. He really
thought !that, this being the case, the Committee should ab-
stain from humiliating themselves any further. Still, however,
he advised his Right Hooourable Friend to go on with the
examination. As for the oaths, the Lord Chief-Justice 'and
the Attorney-General for Ireland had declared them to be
illegal ; it was clear that Alderman King had been guilty of a
misdemeanour in taking the oath; and yet the Committee had
resolved to allow him to put tbrth that very misdemeanour as
a shelter against his examination; or, at least, such part of it
as was disagreeable to bins. This question involved the very
existence of Parliament ; for no other question had ever, in his
Parliamentary life, come before the House a millionth so im-
portant as this. The case of Sir Francis Burdett, some years
since, was not like the present. Sir Francis had offered no ob-
structionto the proceedings of the House; he had spoken lightly
of something. the House had done a month betore, and the
House sent him to the Tower;. though the same doctrine about
martyrdom bad been advanced in this case as was put forth in
that. Mr. Windham, in particular, was anxious to deprive Sir
Francis of the honour of martyrdom ; but lie (Mr. Brougham)
had always thought and declared that the whole of the proceed.
lass agamst Sir F. Burdett were unjust and illegal. Still he
wished the present examination to be gone on with. He should
he, sorry to see it given up in'ill humour. But, after what had
been done in this case of Sir Abraham King, he really should
like to see the House hereafter darting its vengeance upon
some unfortunate. printer who had no friend at Court. If, on
such an occasion, the printer were to say—" I belong to the
Journeymen Printers' Masonic Society, and have sworn not to
reveal what passes in it : my conscience is tender and I beg
you will not press me to violate my oath." If this should be
the case, he should like to see any Minister ask the House to
send that man to prison, and become a party to its own addi-
tional humiliation. If the House, however, were actually to
do so, it would commit an act of suicide, and there would then
only remain to be done what was suggested to be done by one
who was sent to prison for it, when something which was now
under the table was then upon it. There would only remain
for them to be kicked and cuffed out of doors as they would
richly deserve ; and for him who did it to lock 'the doors and
put the keys in his pocket.
Mr. C. WILSON defended his vote as one of the majority
on the last division. He admitted that the Orange oath was
perfectly illegal; and had no doubt of the power of the House,
if it thought proper, to force au answer to any question, not-
withstanding that oath.
Lord STANLEY here rose to order. He wished to know
what question there was before the Committee.
Sir JOHN OSBORN said, there was just the same ques-
tion before it as there was when die Honourable and Learned
Member for Winclielsea addressed it.—(Hear, (tear, and a
laugh.)
he CHAIRMAN said he had not interrupted the Hon.
and Learned Member, because he thought he was about to con-
clude with a notion ; and then he did not like to interrupt the
lion. Member (111 r. Wilson) because he thought it but fair that,
lie should have a fair opportunity of explaining himself in an-
swer to the speech of the lion. and Learned Member.--(Hear!)
Mi. BROUGHAM said hi* omission to conclude with a
motion was entirely an inadvertence: lie now moved OM the
witness be called in.
Sir F.M. OMMANNEY said he should oppose this, and
should move that, the Chairman do leave the Chair.
Mr. C. WILSON resumed.—He believed the question pro-
posed, and on which the Committee had divided, was irrelevant
to the present inquiry,. and that was his sole reason for voting
against it.
The witness was then called in, and examined by Sir Join;
NEWPORT.
Are the following. words; or any of them, read to any Orange-
man on his admission ?—" Abstain ye not; but pursue your
enemies; suffer them not to enter your city; for the Lord
God bath delivered them into 'your hands."—Not one word
of them.

Or any words to that effect ?—None that I know of.
What other texts of Scripture are read ?
No answer was given.
By Mr. ItnouGuAst,--Do the texts which are read consist
of two or more words, or of entire sentences ?
Mr. WETHERELL (referring to the answers given by the
. m ,
witness on Friday night) objected to the question. `-
Mr. BROUGHAM repeated the question; but it was again
objected by Mr. WETILEILELL, and the objection was sop-
ported byi 111 r. V. FITZGERALD.
Mr. ROIJUHAM consented to alterthe form of his ques-
tion, and put it thus :—ls there any verse in the 10th chapter
of Joshua, from the Ist to the 19th verse, which is read to an
Orangeman on his admission ?

WETHERELLoIVet;ted also to the question in this
shape.

, Sir. Secretary PEEL supported the objection. It might
happen that some innoxious verse or sentence was read : such
as " Abraham begot Isaac," for instance : and yet, it' the wit-
ness refused to answer, it might be considered by the Right
lion. Ban. that some very objectionable sentence was actually
read. If the Hon. and Learned Gentleman would take any
particular verse out of the nineteen, which he might believe to
be the verse in question, there would be no objection to ft.
Colonel BARRI' also spoke in favour of the objection. If
this course of examination were to be allowed, they
might go
through the whole of the Bible. This might no doubt be highly
beneficial for most of them, but the present was not the proper
time 'nor that House a proper place for such an esaTilriatiole:;'
The fair, open, and manly way would be to ask the_ ratitwmil,
once whether there was any one verse read to an
10 ,-n,-.- --
importing hostility to any one dills Majes ' Pitilay suggested
~4 --
Mr. BROUGHAM said OK ' to witness's answer,
by the Gallant C010ne1...441*i • e matter of opinion. This he
not wpm a - + mica think the proper course ; neither, he
Cakes (,t id he think the witness (of all persons) theltmost
neither
lilelorsreenntoor ilietisks '
ttittiar-naan,kLinioli
the :iitinetislitt his subject.fr and eV:Ma!
did opinion of his own conduct. It was to ask him, if he was
an unpeaceable man, to which, of course, lie would answer he
tv,ls not. Audit was net a little reniarkable that this Kiconi-
liiendation of an open course of conduct came from those who
shielded others who refused to give any information on the
point, and who kept the Committee in complete darkness.
The motion for putting the question being put from the Chair,
Colonel BARRY said, lie should certainly press his ob-
jection. , ,
Mr. BROUGHAM said, he considered that as a symptom
that Alerman King would refuse to answer the question.
Colonel BARRI' said, that 'as the last observation conveyed
an insinuation that he had sonic communication with the wit..
ness, lie begged to state that he had no such communication,
either directly or indirectly.
Mr. BROUGHAM said he had no intention to 'convey such
an insinuation ; but he had no doubt the objection would be
taken as a signal by the witnees.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said that the remark of the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman conveyed to his, (Mr. P.'s) mind, and, he
believed, to that of every impartial man who heard it, an in-
sinuation that the Right Hon. and Gallant Colonel had sonic
communication with the witness. He, (Mr. Peel) begged to
know whether the Ilon. and Learned Gentleman would act i
out,
to4n the
indanmoetsl
yu:gegotoeepsattsiokdnlthilsiecatiettlni;.eslaPsti.av)sel,tulohdaentay( thekmpeanrr.tipci
l? laisrbhve roeutrylsdet o?tili
If
ohwe
oppose
the motion.

ABERCROMBY said, that if his Hon. and Learned
Friend took his. advice, .he would not accept the alternative,
proposed by the Right Hon. Secretary, or submit to go on with
an examination in the form prescribed by those who took such
ditierent views of the subject from his. For his own part, he
now thought the inquiry was altogether useless ; and that it
would be better not to go on with it.
Mr. BROUGHAM said he would put a question, in sub.
stance similar to one which had been put to the witness on
Friday night, and not objected The question on Friday
was, " Do you recollect what are the parts of Scripture read

to an Orangeman ?" He now proposed putting the same
question, leaving out the words, "Do you recollect ?" To
this lie could not anticipate an objection ; for the relevancy of
the question was not disputed on Friday ; and it was not even
suggested to be irrelevant, until the witness bad refused to an-
swer it. The Hori. and Learned Member then put the question
to'the witness.
Colonel BARRY objected to it. The Committee had just
decided, substantially, that such a question ought not to be put.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that if the Committee had al-
lowed the question to be put on Friday, and would not put it
now, after what had taken place, the world would not be at
a stop to find out the true reason for its not being repeated.
They would see the Committee did not dare to put the
question.
Colonel BARRY said he took the objection because he con-
ceived that the question proposed to the witness, which the
Committee had in substance decided, should not be put to him.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, he should not take the sense of the
Committee on the motion. He now thought that the proceed-
ing was a perfect mockery, and that every step in it brought
additional humiliation on the House.
Mr. C. lIUTCHINSON entirely agreed in the opinion of
his Hon. and Learned Friend, and thought the Gcivernment
had much to answer for. They had not done justice to the Go-
vernment of Lord Wellesley. Ile condemned the conduct of
his Majesty's Ministers in that House upon the question brought
forward by the Hon. Member for Armagh (Mr. Brownlow).—
This motion was an hostile one to the Irish Government,
and as such ought to have been met. and opposed by the Go-
vernment in that House. The matter would have been left
altogether to its fate, but for his Hon. Friend, the Member for
Westminster, who originated this inquiry. The question which
it was now refused to put to the witness was the very question
which would open the whole business, and exhibit the system
in its true colours tinder which the Catholic population of Ire-
land was oppressed. Ile charged his Majesty's Government
with having neglected their duty, and wishing that his senti-
ments in that respect should be put before the world, he should
move that the Chairman do leave the Chair, and ask leave to
sit again that day six months.
Mr. Secretary PEEL submitted that this was not the proper
opportunitrio enter into a defence of his Majesty's Govern-
ment against the charges brought against it by the Hon. Gen-
tleman. Ile itas sure the House must acknowledge that his
Majesty's Ministers had shewn every anxiety that the in-
quiry which the House had determined to go into should go as
tar as possible.—( Hear !)--They had promoted this wish of the
House to their utmost, and greatly to their own inconvenience.
Mr. HUME hoped his Hon. Friend would press his motion.
to.a division. Justice he thought it was plain the Government
were determined should not be done to the Attorney-General
for Ireland, and the Irish Government, and that being the case
it was better for all parties that the inquiry should be terminated.
Mr. S. RICE spoke against the motion for adjourning the
Inquiry for six months. Ile thought it would be unfair to all
parties.
Mr. GRATTAN intreatcd his Hon. Friend to withdraw his
motion for adjournment.
Mr. Secretary PEFL said, lie should be guided by the state.
ment of his Right Hon. Friend (Col. Barry), or the: Right
lion; Attorney-General for Ireland. If either of them said he
had no other witnesses to cal], he should vote for the'motion,if
not, he must oppose it.
Col. BARRY said, that if the House was weary of the in.
quiry, he had no objection to stop calling, any more witnesses.
He considered the Sheriff to be fully vindicated before the Com-
mittee; but he must produce other witnesses if any ulterior
steps were to be taken in the business.
Mr. CALCRAFT thought the Gallant Gentleman could not
demand such a pledge from the House as to their taking no
ulterior steps on this subject.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that it would be for the House
to determine what it would do when the Report of the Com-
mittee was made to it. His Gallant Friend, therefore, must
guide himself on his own judgment; if he thought other wit.
nesses necessary, he (Mr. Secretary Peel) should oppose the
adjournment of the inquiry. If not, the Inquiry naturally ter-
minated where it was.
Colonel BARRY said, he only wished to examine one other
witnes.a—Mr. Whistler. He would not examine Sir A. King,
as the House Was tired of the subject.
Mr. C. IL HUTCH INSON assured the Committee, that as
far as lie was concerned he did not wish to found any ulterior
proceedings on what bad passed. With regard to the inquiry
he thought the House had gone too far to draw back ; but, as
his Majesty's Government had determined that it should not
go on in that way alone, which could ensure justice, he wished
it to be dismissed altogether.
The.question was then put, and negatived without a division.
311ElymtilhEello'awthhotas Orangeman, tir ant
Sir A. B. King was then called in and examined by an Hon.
ke.etniaiinnetiwlee
mcoaukbilnngootfleaanrre
Dray ail besides that passes, then, be revealed
forbidden to divulge any thing which passes aithin the Lodge,
excepting the words used as signs and tokens
mq, and may not.
Wat may not?--All that relates to the opening and closing
of the I,odge. Much business comes bef ore and it de-
Is variety'
pends upon what it is, whether it may or may hem,
notbe revealed-
Is there nothing hostile to any class of his Majesty's sub-
kects in any of the ordinary business?—Certainly not—l never
new of any such, nor do I believe there is.
In continuation—l held the Otlice of Deput Ma of a Lodge ; and I retired from the situationthree years agstero,
in consequence of a difference of opinion with the Grand Lodge
relative to the diessing of the statute of King 'William. I was
against it, not thinking it prudent. No political questions are,
discussed by these Lodges, except that be one.
By Col. BAnßY—There is nothing of any kind passes hos.
tile to any of his Majesty's subjects.
By Mr.tlluTTEnavormi—There is nothing in the Orrge-
nian's oath to disqualify him from doing his duty on a lury-
There is nothing in the conduct of an Orange Lodge that I
know of, that ought to give offence to any part of his Majesty's
subjects. The Catholics havelately taken offence at them, but
it has been without cause.
Mr. II uME—I wish to know what is the purport of those
passages in the Old Testament used in the making of an
Orangeman ?
Colonel BARRY objected to this question being put.
Mr. HUME contended that was a legitimate object of the
examination in which they were engaged. They had a right
to know the purport at least of the passages ; for it might be a
resolution to bang all his Majesty's Catholic subjects.—(Cries
of" No.")—Ile maintained he had a right to say so, and since
it came to that, he would say that lie in his conscience believed
the records of Orange Societies would shew such sentiments.
Colonel BARRI observed that such a supposition was ne-
gatived in time answer, that there was nothing hostile to the
King's subjects in the proceedings of Orange Societies.
Mr. DAWSON rose to say, that if there was any thing hos-
tile in the, parties then before the House towards his Milesty's
'subjects, it was in the lion. Member opposite. He had listened
,with great attention to all that had passed, and he must say that
the obscurity of Orange proceedings, if any where, resided in
the efforts of the Hon. Gentleman, and certainly was not on his
#ste of the House. If the question were put intelligibly, it
'would receive fair and open answers, to his disappointment.—
He (Mr. D.) saw nothing in the conduct and principles of
n. °rant:mien but what was admirable. He did not belong to
five ac.B4.4aaeot n,orop Ids knowledge, had: ever been within
himself become an Oratiggatre,im:r.i.r.,...e.r oath, he should
of men he had sat by most unwillingly to Clear trecx%ifig's
which bad been cast upon them. He respected and admired
their principles; and he defied the Hon. Members opposite to
elicit or produce a single fact to disgrace them. It was the
fashion to cry down Orangemen ; and that was why the witness
had been so much persecuted. But nothing had beeti.sintwn_,
Elvin
,his mouth but what did him honour..-4lleiii!)—For the
saute reason the Corporation of Dublin had been run down, al-
though by going hotly into the examination, it would be found
to be as pure and uncorrupted as could be. With respect to
'Orangemen, lie must again say that it would eventually be
found, that upon their loyalty alone must that House and
the nation depend for the security of the best interests of
Ireland.

Mr. V. FITZGERALD wished to recal the Committee to
the question immediately before them; but he could not do
that without expressing his regret that his Honourable Friend,
who had just sat down, had arrogated tome class of Orangeman
exclusively the loyalty of the whole nation. He at the same
time regretted that the • Hon. Member for .Aberdeen had given
way to such a charge against the Orangemen, that their records
would prove that they wished so hang all the Catholics of Ire-
land. He was sorry to see him re-ailirm that charge, and to
call the House, hack to the topic under consideration, he put
it to the House, whether some better reason ought not to be
given for putting such a question as the Hon. Member's to the
witness.

Sir JOHN NEWPORT deprecated the language which
they had just heard, which was the more fearful as coming
from an officidl character (Mr. Dawson), claiming exclusive
loyalty to the Orangemen. If the Hon. Gentleman meant to
persuade his Majesty's Government that six out of the seven
millions of he population of Ireland were unworthy of bein
trusted witht the defence of their country, and one million aloneg was loyal, he persuaded them to rest on an incompetent, frail,
reed, which would lead them to their ruin. The Hon. Mem_
ber also ut his zeal, thought fit to make the panegyric of the
pure Corporation of Dublin, forgettingthat the contrary was
on record in the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry, and
of a Committee np stairs.
Mr. Secretary PEEL begged to remind the House that they
were acting judicially; be therefore thought it would be better
if the Hon. Member for Aberdeen would abstain from dropping
those words in the impetuosity of debate, which gave rise to so

much extraneous discussion. With respect to the question put
to the witness, it was palpably the same which the Committee
had decided over and over again should not be put ; it was
therefore losing time to offer to put it again.
Mr. HUME' considered his question as necessary to elicit
truth, and he charged the Government who opposed it with
wishing to suppress the truth. He was of opinion that the
Orange party, as a body, must be exterminated before justice
could be done to Ireland, and he should certainly press his
question to a division.
The Committee then divided., when the numbers were—
For Mr. Hune's Motion - - 77
Against it . - 131
Majority —5.1
Mr. HUME then asked whether in the passages read out of
the Old Testament, on the admission of an Orangeman, or
afterwards, any hostility was expressed on the part of the
Israelites to any other nation.—l know not if there is.
Are you sure there is not ?—(Answer inaudible.)
inculcated •
Are those passages such as good-will and peace
towards men in
_general ?
Mr. WETHERELL objected to this question, as involving
in its nature those questions on die same subject which the
Committee had decided should not be put.
Mr. HUME contended that by reason of the first question
having been permitted, the question now in dispute could not
be opposed.
Mr. SCARLETT contended that the question ought to be
answered.
Mr. ELLIS suggested whether it would not be more laudable
in the Right Hon. Gentleman to get up and move the Inquiry.
be prosecuted this day six months.
Mr. Secretary PEEL hose toanswer the Hon. Gentleman,
who, after dining in comfort at home, had come down to the
House to recommend giving up the inquiry. With permis-
sion he would give the Hon. Member intormation. A Motion
had been made by an Hon. Friend on the left, that Sir R.
Heron should report progress, and ask leave to sit again this
day six months. He himself had said, that motion might be
carried if his Hon. Friend considered the Sheriff justified.—
If, however, mere witnesses were to be called, it would he-
trifling with the House to propose giving up the inquiry (Hear ! ) •
Mr. ELLIS assured the Right lion. Gentleman that he had -
been in attendance during both divisions. It appeared than
every obstacle was thrown in the•way of inquiry. The witness
had so bearded the house ; had so triumphed over the House
of Commons, that further enquiry could nut consistently go on.
Mr. SCARLETT pointed out the difference of opinion be-
tween the minority anti majority. Those of the minority were
of opinion that the present issue was - not essential to the pub-
tic peace of Ireland. The majority thought different. They
were anxious to press the question because they considered it
was of serious importance to the country. They did right.
A general cry of " Question," was then heard.
Mr. JONES said the Sheriff of Dublin was not an Orange-
man, consequently he could not be affested by the oaths of
Orangemen. Why then should the time of the Committee be
taken up, when the Sheriff could get out.of the charge as well
as the Attorney-General for Ireland.
Mr. BENNET said the Hon. Gentleman was summing up.
---The question was not whether the Sheriff or the Attorney-
General was acquitted, but whether they should put a partieu-
lar question to the. witness.
Sir J. YORKE said, to use the diplomatic language of tle
Right Hon. Secretary of State—Conic what may; if a witness
at the bar did not state what he ought, he should go to
Newgate. •
Mr. JONES then moved as an amendment, that the Chairs
man do leave the Chair.
Mr. D. SMITH opposed the amendment, under a belief that
inquiry was necessary, in order to get more information re- I
specdng
the administration of Justice in Ireland, which re-.
.
Rimed change.
I}N'r(lienodbssearivdelde,
Hon.
Friend didtiZitro..Seco
on,retar ifyhCisAHNoNn.
t his
that it
nitot wasm ilhedis
all
ltehni-s
witnesses in justification of the Sheriff. If
not give such an answer, he should say, that having in the first
_
instance opposed to the utmost entering into the inquiry, he
should think himself in a condition to abstain from giving, any.
rote at all.
Colonel BARRY was satisfled,the Sheriff stood justified. If
the Hon. Baronet was voted out of the Chair, he should co_n-
cur in the motion; ,but if ulterior measures were in contemplii-
tion, he should feel it would be unpardonable not to call all his
witnesses.
Colonel DALY wished his Hon. Friend to close his case, and
rest assured that the House would adopt no other proceedings.
Colonel BARRY, after that which had fallen from his Hon.
F
Friend, did not oppose the Lion. Bart. leaving the Chair.
Mr. CALCHA T said it would be open to any Member of
that House to snake a motion on' the evidence, and to teeth).
mend the Hon. Member, if he had more witnesses, to call
them. Ile wished to hear all the evidence and decide.
Mr. SCARLETT considered the House in the state they
`theestood with respect to the evidence, quite incompetent to
decide.
Mr. ELIAS had no desire to avoid inquiry, but he ex-
pected that the Right Hon. Gentleman would assist them with
evidence.
Mr. JONES said he should press his amendment.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT remarked that the Inquiry was
commenced by an Hon. Baronet, the Member for Westminster,
then absent, and it could not be relinquished without his consent.
Mr. Secretary CANNING was ready, su long as witnesses
were to be examined, to go on.
Mr. BENNETT said, the inquiry had answered his expec-
tation. The parties had mine out just as he expected anti wished.
It was obvious, at least, that something ought to be done to
cure the administration of justice in Ireland. He could not
help thinking the House had come out of the inquiry with the
best feeling. The patient fair examination of witnesses, with
the best assistance afforded by particular persons to elicit truth
had been beautifully manifested. tie for one was delighted with
the votes in the inquiry, because nothing could be so good as
opening the eyes of the Public to the system in the House, and
out of it.
The House then divided—
For the Amendment
Against it

- . - 173
Majori
On our admission to the Gallery, we found Sir J. YORKE on
his legs, expressing hope that the House would go on with
the examination fairly and honourably. It was against all
order for Hon. Members when a witness mentioned a passage
in Scripture, to run to the smoaking-room for the Bible, and
to move that the witness withdraw when any mention was made
Of an Amalekite a Hittite, or a Burtlettite.—(A laugh.)—
He thought the situation of Ireland deplorable, and was sorry
to find the Irish Meinbers did not come forward in a proper
way to strengthen 'the hands of Government, and tranquilize
that country. Why did they not reside on their estates, and.
if Captain Rock endeavoured to destroy or pillage their pro-
perty, try to to prevent him.
Mr. lILYME wished a question, viz. " Are.there passages,
such as preach peace and good will to man in general," to
be put.
The CHAIRMAN was prepared to take the sense of the
Committee on the question whether it be put, when
Mr. G. BENNLT moved an adjournment, observing that
the lateness of the hour ought to induce the Counnitee to go no
further that night.
The Motion, after some conversation between Mr. CAL.
CRAFT, Mr. 11. SUDlNElt,_and Mr. GOULBURX, was agreed
to. The llonuo resulned, the CIIAIRMIIN reported progress,
.a .btained leave to sit again this day.

SALE a AI'BELL.
The 2d raading of the Game A
Bill E
was postponeti to Mondny.
TRH NOVA 14 LIBRARY.
Mr. HOBLIOUSE asked th,. el,.nefitchr of the rtast..;,l' r
,whether he in toil-tic:lt • ar-Dtlifg tifj, question resp.A: t
inng's Library on Friday.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEQUFR said, i;' ;.he
House would allow hint to go into a Committee of Supply it
was his intention to bring it on, but in the present state of
thertainty House it was impossible to answer' the question with any
ce.
The other Orders were then disposed of, and the House ad..
jourhed at ONE O'CLOCK.

The cc Ertgilshnum,"of Sunday last, May 25th,
is reprinted, and will be kept on Sale all this
week. It contains the fullest particulars of the
Fight, with a Memoir of Spring and Neate, the'
privious Arrangements ; Arrival of the Mon at
Hinckley Downs; the Ring ; the Eight Rounds.
Account of a Second Battle, between Hampsire
Pope and Bristol Parsons. The whole making
Five of The Englishman folio columns. No Ad-
vertisements whatever are inserted in The Eng-
lishman Sunday Newspaper, which is a large folio
Journal of
twenty columns, of the same size as
The Observer, It is regularly published every
Sunday morning, at the early hour of Four
o'Clock, at Messrs. SMITIesi 192, Strand, Lon-
Pau. The price of The gnglishman is Seven-
pence.

VII Sunday last, durin
the Morning Service,
at St. Georges, tranover.square a female servant of a family
in Lower tgroal.street, was tak out of the Church in a faint-
ing fit, mid conveyed home y some gentlemen's servants,
where shy expired within ten 'lutes after.

PARLIAIIIENTAR V PROCEEDINGS.

OCCASIONAL FREETIOLDERS BlLL—COMlllittee deferred till
:Monday next.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS for THIS DAY.
I. Mr. Lennard—Bill to alter and amend the Laws respecting
the burial of persons who have been adjudged filo de se.
2. Mr. Hume—Propriety of discontinuing the Office of Lord
Lieutenant, and Chief Secretary, and other Offices, in
Ireland.
3. Mr. IVihnot Horton—Bill for the better administration of
Justice in New South Wales.
4. Mr. Wilmot Horton—:Bill for establishment of Civil Courts
. in the Colony of Honduras.
5. Mr. Spring Rice—Motion relative to the Conduct of the
Chief Baron of Ireland ; grounded on the Reports of the
Commissioners of Inquiry into the Fees and Emoluments
of the Officers of the Courts of Justice.
6. Mr. Secretary Peel—Several Bills relating to the Criminal
Laws.
7. Mr. Curwen—To refer Report on Captain Manby's Petition
to Committee of Supply.
8. Mr. Nicholson Calvert--Bill to amend Act for the more
speedy return and levying of Fines, Penalties, and For-
feitures, and Recognivances estreated.
ORDERS of the DAY for THIS DAY.
1. Waste Lands Improvement (Ireland) Bill—Second Reading.
2. Hides and Skins Bill—second Reading,
3. Linen Manufacture (Scotland) Bill—Report.
4. Sheriff' of Dublin—lnquiry into his conduct—Committee
thereupon.—Witnesses to attend.
b. Transference of Securities (Scotland) Bill—Second Reading.
6. Grand Jury Presentments( Ireland) Blll—Third Reading.
7. Joint Tenancy (Ireland) Bill—Further consideration o
Report.
NOTICES GIVEN YESTERDAY.
Wednesday, May 28.
Mr. Martin (of (3a Wednesday,
to regulate the issuing of
Writs of Capias Utlegatum in Ireland. Deferred front
May 26.

Tuesday, June 10.
Sir Henry Parnell—Roman Catholic Endowments of Schools
and other Charities. Deferred from June 7.
PRIVATE BILL--SECOND READING for TUTS DAY.
Thomas's Estate.

PRICE 0,
T 111,3 DAY AT

Bank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 79ii Ok
3 per Cent. Cons.
3a per Cent
4 per Cent. { Vet 9
107 1
5 per Cents. 1797
BanklangAnn. 204 &laths
Imp. 3 per Cents. —

F STOCKS
ONE. O'CLOCK.
India Stock
India Bonds 38s.
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities
Ex. Bills lB 20 pr,
Ditto Small
Bank for Act.
India for Con. Acct.
Cons. forAcet 801 8l if

PRICE of FOREIGN STOCKS IN LONDON, MAY 27,
AT ONE o'c Loa.
Five per Cents. 00.
Six per Cents. 00.
Russian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
{Ditto New 00.
Neapolitan I Five per Cent. Bonds, 00.
1 Scrip, 00.
Austrian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
{Five per Cent. Bonds, 00.
New Ditto, 37.
Scrip, 00 disc.
Prussian f Five per Cent. Bonds, 00.
Ditto New, 79
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds,. 90.
Chili 00.
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds, 61.
Peruvian New Loan, 00.
Bank Shares 4:21 ss.
American Six per Cent. 90-93.
Five per Cent. 95i-97.
Three per Cent. 70.

French

Spanish

PRICE OF IRISH
Bank Stock 241
Gov. Deb. 3i percent. 92i
Stock, 3A per ct. 891
Gov. Deb. 4 per cent........
Gpv. Deb. 6 per cent. ... 1031
--Stock, 4 per cent. 981
Treasury Bills, 6 per sent.
City Debentures, 6 per
cent
par
Lying in Ilosvital 4 per et.._
Exchange on Lon

STOCK, MAY 24.
Grand Canal Loan, 4 p.ct.
6 per cent. ... 66
—Ditto Stock
Royal Canal Stock
Wide-street Cert.- ( per ct.
Do. Deb. with Gov. Sec.—
Pipe Water Deb. 5 per ct.
Do.
Ballast Office Govt. Sec.
5 per cent.
on, May 9:4

10011 WATER.AT TONDO?
nothing, 7 minutes after 4. I

BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Evening, 24 minutes after 4.

Yesterday, being Trinity Monday, the Corpo-
ration of Trinity House held their Anniversary
Meeting, and proceeded hi barges to their Hall
at Deptford, where the Right Hon. the Earl of
LIVERPOOL was unanimously re-elected Master
for the ensuing year; and after attending Divine
Service at the Church of St. Nicholas, where an
excellent Sermon was preached by the Very Rev.
T. CALVERT, Warden of Manchester, they re-
turnee d to dinner at the City of London Tavern,
wnd were present many iNobility, Admirals,
persons of distinction.
The General Assembly of the Church of Scot.
land- met at Edinburgh on Tuesday last, Some
discussion ensued upon the motion of Mr. Pro-
fessor J Aanrisir, to introduce into the Address
to the KING their thanks for the exertions made
by Britain for the abolition of the Slave Trade,
and a resolution expressive of
their wish for the
abolition of Slavery in our West India Colonies.
The matter was referred to a Committee.
A great deal of rain has lately fallen in some
of the Northern Counties.
iloodings have been very great in places. In
IVorthumlierland, too, the rain has fallen rather
copiously. The atmospheric temperature, how-
ever having been rather high, vegetation has im-
proved amazingly in the course of the last two or
three weeks.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Luna), 26° die Mali, 1823.
ROAns—Lyme Regis—Bill reported ; Report to lie on the
able. . Winchester and Romsey—Bill read a third time, and
passed. Modbury—Bill reported ; to be ingrossed. Stir-
ling—Further time granted for making the Report, till Friday.
OAS Li oit T—Northamptonz—Bill read a third tune, and passed.
BRIDGES—Stirling—Further time granted for making the
Report till June 4.
TITHES—St. Andrew, Holborn—Petition for Bill reported,
and Bill ordered to be brought in.
WATEnwonirs—Skipton—Bill reported ; to be ingrossed.
TURNPIKE ROADS (Sc.otland)l—Bill reported; Report to lie
on the table ; Bill, as amended, to be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE Loans—That they have agreed to
ich and Fakenham Roads Bill—and Paisley Gas Light
BL, '; without amendment.
it; t they have passed a BM, intituled, " An Act for
vest 'n Trustees an Estate in the parish of Chievely, in the,
Co •.f Berks, devised in strict settlement by the Will of
William Capel, Esq. deceased, and afterwards contracted to
be sold by ham, in order to effectuate the sale thereof; agree-
ably to such contract'.
Also, a Bill, intituled, "An Act for exchanging certain
parts of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir Wil-
liens Guise, Bart.; in strict settlement, for certain other
Estates in the County of Gloucester, and for vesting other
parts of the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for paying
off incumbrances, and for other purposes."
Also, a Bill, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Presi-
dent, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Phi-
'lanthropic Society, to purchase from the Corporation, and
other persons entitled thereto, the lands and hereditaments,
in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark, in the
County of Surrey, upon which they have erected a Chapel,
buildings, and other woks, and such other land adjoining
thereto as may be required for the purposes of their Charity." ESTATES—King's College, Cambridge—Bill read a third time,
and passed. Philanthropic Society, Guise's, and Capel's—
Bills read a first time.
TURNPIKE TRUSTEES MEETING—BiII read a third time,
and passed.
LAND TAX COMMISSIONERS NAMES--Conltnittee deferred
'till June 10.
JURIES (Scotland)—Second Reading of the Bill deferred til
June O.
