MR. HENRY FAUNTLEROY

(From The Morning Chronicle, Sept. 17.)
Ever since the appearance of the advertisement
from Messrs. MAnalt, STUACI; y, and G nA ItA NI, of
the Banking-house in Berner's-street, suspendiug
payment on account of the conduct of their
,partner, Mr. FAuNTLEttoy, the public mind has
been in an extraordinary state of excitement.
The account of the commital of Mr. FAUNTLE'.
110 Y, and the reported cause of that committal,
naturally added to tho general agitation. In fact
hardly any thing has been talked of, either in the
City or at the West end of the town, but this
singular event, and all sorts of rumours are cur-
rent on the subject. To gratify the natural de-
sire for information in at case in which so man;
persons are deeply interested, we have taken
some pains to obtain possession of as many par-
ticulars as possible, which we now proceed to
lay before our Readers:—
In our account of this extraorlinary affair, inserted in The
Chrosirls of last Tuesday, we stated that Mr. Fauntleroy had
undergone: a private examination, in the house of Mr. Conant,
previous to Ins committal. We now can state that the extent
of the forgeries of whieh Mr. F. is accused amount to above
heo hundred thousand pounds. The accused, it is well known,
has been the active and managing partner in the above men.
dentd banking-house for a number of years. Above tea
years ago i.e was appointed joint trustee with 3. I). Hume,
Esq. (of the Customs), and another Gentleman to the estate-
' of a family of eight children (of which we forbear mentioning
the name), deprived at an early age of their parents. The
tbrgery committed by the accused, took place more than
t,:n years ago, when the names of the other trustees wee:,
forged to drent instruments; and ultimately to a power of
attorney,,by which 30,000/. stock was sold out by Mr. Faunt-
leroy. 'J o conceal this fraud, he was compelled some tint.-
sf erwatds to •eplace he stock when it had greatly risen. The
di.covety took place from one of the .loint 'trustees accidentally
investigating the accounts at the Bank of England, a hich fie
had been Induced to do, in consequence of the appro.ch of
November, when the whole money held in trust was, ..by an
order of the Court of Chancery, to he paid into the hands'd the
Accomptant-General. The Trustee was panic struck at th,,
discovery, and communicated the fact to the other partners t.F'
the Bank, when those Gentlemen expressed their surprise and
great alarm at the conduct of their partner. An applicati.;'n
wets mule, in the middle of last week, to Mr. Conant, at Ala:
borough-street Office, and the whole of the ftcts then di.:.
closed having been laid before him, he employed Mr. Plank,
the chief officer, to apprehend Mr. Fauntleroy, having pre-
viously taken the deposition on oath of Mr. flume, by which
he felt authorised to issue a warrant feir the alleged felovy.
When Mr. F. appeared before the Magistrate, on Friday Is,
he fully acquitted his partners of any participation or know-
ledge of his delinquincy.
Mr. Hume was sworn and examined to prove one act of fbr-
gery for 10,000/. on the part of the accused, and at the termini,.
then of the investigation, which lasted several hours, the pri-
soner was committed to the House of Correction by virtue of a
warrant, of which the 'Mowing has been handed to us as a copy:
" Police Office, Marlborough-street. Sept. 10, 18'24.
" To- the Governor of the House of Correction, Cold Bath-
fields, or his Deputy.
" Receive into your custody the body of Henry Fauntleroy,
charged On the oath of 3.1). Hume and others, before me,
Jan. Edmd. Conant, Esq., one of his Majesty's Justices of the
Peace, acting in and for the county of Middlesex, with having
feloniously einved and uttered us true, a certain instrume::..,
with intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the ISunk.
of England, and others, of the stun of MOW., and hint
keep in your custody for re-examination before ate.

" E. CONANT."
On the prisonerCatgiled
arriving; at the House of Correction on Fri-
day night last, orders wen; given that two persons should sit:
tip with him night and day, to prevent hint attempting his
which order has been strictly complied with. The prisoner'a
partners have not been admitted to him without special orders
from the Magistrate, and then in the presence of an officer.—
No paper is allowed to go to or front hint without its first being
submitted to the comnutting Justice Mr. Conant. The prisoner
is above 41) years of age, a little bald, and his hair rather grey.
lie is said to bear a resemblance to the late Napoleon Iluona-
parte. Yesterday, we understand, the Dank Directors made
most important discoveries.
Last evening Sir Peter Laurie and several other gent!mon
sent to the Douse of Correction to inquire if the arena
true, that the prisoner had committed suicide, which was cur-
rently reported in the city. The answer given was, that no
such circumstance had taken place. At times the accused iA in
the most dejected state of mind, in short, in a state nearly ap.
prouching to despair; and at other times he appears rather
cheerful, and expresses to the Governor, Mr. Vickery, his gra-
titude for his kind and humane attentions to hint in his unfor-
tunate situation.

TILE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extracts from the Morning Pipers, Sept. 17.

tbIORNING RRRALD.J
Tuesday's Paris Papers arrived last night. In-'
telligence
,up to their date had been previously'
received ; their contents are only negatively of
any interest. It'appears from them that, up to
Tuesday morning,Louis XVIII. was still breath-
ing. His case, however, even on the showing of
the bulletins, was utterly hopeless, and his death
was approaching rapidly. An express is said to
have arrived with intelligence of his death. There
is something revolting in the profane presumption
with which the Paris Journals notice his ap-
proaching dissolution. One observes, that he
may boldly appear in the presence of God. An-
other invokes the God of St. Louie to his aid ;
and the Archbishop of Paris invites the French
to the hope that God may prolong his days
twenty-four years more, as he did those of He-
zekiah, upon the prayers of the people. The
worst of their profane mockery is its hypocrisy.
There is little doubt that the courtiers are tired
of Louis XVIII. already—notwithstanding their
pretended admiration of his virtues. They are
impatient under the lingering continuance of his
life, and hint broadly that he has no more to do in
this world. They make him say to the successor,
" I must henceforth think of my duties—you of
business." It seems almost certain that the next
arrival will bring an account of his demise.

The following communication, in respect of
Iturbide, was furnished to us yesterday by the
gentleman who brought us the Mexican Papers,
end who came in the Parthian :—" It is certain
that Iturbide was fired at and wounded on his
landing, and there is every reason to believe that
he is since dead. Lieutenant Villemont has
hitherto been erroneously stated as the Com-
mander of the brig Parthian, instead of Captain
the Honourable George Barrington, son of the
Bishop of Durham."--(lbid.)

ETII E TIMES.]
Soirw circumstances transpired yesterday,which
render the presumption still stronger that hut.-
bide's enterprise to-Mexico has terminated in his
destruction. It appears that the puma of the
Commander of the troops at Soto la Marina is not
Garcia, but La Garsa, which, had It been made
I known at first, would in itself havo overthrown.
the' account of a favourable reception to Itur-
bide, except for the purpose of betraying biat,
,as this-very individual had been one of the most.
actiye in bringing about his expulsion from
Mexico, and had been, on that account, selected
by the Congress for the command on a part of
• the coast where previous information had led them
to expect that his landing would be attempted.
The fact of La- Garsa having been appointed for.
that purpose is well known to Mexicans now in
this country. Captain. (belch, we have been in-
formed, received the intelligence of Iturbide's
fate, not -.from American Captains, of whom
it is liLely•there• was not one In the insignificant
and hardly accessible port of Soto la Marina,
but
,from boats belonging to the place itself, the
people in which gave hint the particulars of the.
• fate of Iturbide, and added that they had them-
selves seen the soldiers returning from his exe-
cution. We understand that Madame Iturbide,
whose situation, if her husband has really fallen
in the manner described, must excite general sym-
pathy, was likely to be placed in circumstances
as Consolatory as it was possible, under so severe
an affiktion. She is, by birth, a Mexican, and
of u family residing in a part of the country not
far distant from that where Iturbide landed, with
whom she would find a secure asylum.

[BRITISH PRESS]
We are still without the official announcement
of the decease of Louis XVIII., though no rea-
b onable doubt can exist that the King is dead.—
Private letters from Paris, dated on Tuesday
evening, alum that the fact had taken place at
four o'clock on that slay, and that Monsieur was
proclaimed King of France that evening, by the
style and title of Charles X. The rumours which
are circulated respecting the fluctuations of the
King's health, do not disturb the public tranquil.
lity. The !tellies have advanced, and the fullest
confidence seems to be felt that Charles X. will
not deviate from the path in which Louis XVIII.
bas proceeded. We are strongly inclined to be.
lieve that the new King will be disposed to fall
into the established system when he has ascended
the throne, whatever may. he his feelings at pre.
sent. It is consolatory to be assured that the
peace of Europe will not be atleoted.

The Report of the Anti-Slavery Society' is
published : it is written, we regret to find, in a
tone of considerable asperity towards the Colo..
'lists. The great object of the Society is to urge
his Majesty's Government to interfere, by par-
liamentary enactments, on behalf of the slaves,
on the pretext that no disposition really exists
among the planters to ameliorate the condition of
the negroes. The case of .the .lute Missionary
Smith occupies a prominentstation in this docu-
ment, and is enlarged upon as a proof of the
utt©r absence of all fair dealing in the West In-
dies towards the friends of the slaves. The ex-
periment at Trinidad is rather censured than
praised, and the reluctance of Mr. Canning to
force some general and sweeping measure for the
abolition of slavery upon all the Colonies, is
somewhat harshly repreSented as inducing the
" nation to contract additional guilt, by tile un-
necessary postponement of those reforms, the
moral obligation of which has been unequivo-
cally admitted."--Vbid.)

NEW, TIMES,]
' The adviceilespecting the death of the King
of France continue to he of wiregue:and
sive character. For,Obvious reasons the ofliCial
notification of the eve►►t it delayed; ,but.the Pre
veiling report is that his Majesty's _decease took
place atfive o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, It
even been stated, on private authority, thui in
the evening of that day Monsieur, the Icing's

brother, was proclaimed king by the style and
title'of Charles X. Consols were little, or rather
not at all affected by the news from France. A
slight improvement indeed was observable in the
prices, which closed at g-111- for the Account. In
the Foreign Market the chief attention was di-
rected towards the Mexican Bonds, and an ad-
vance in the price took place of 4 per cent. hav-
ing been purchased at 531. This improvement
was said to have been occasioned by, accounts of
Iturbide having been actually put to death ; but
we believe no advices have been received subse-
quent in date to the information of Capt. Quelch.
It will be remembered that Iturbide was shot
six weeks ago according to Stock Exchange re-
port. Spanish Bonds were lower, 10.

[MORNING POST.]
The Doi Wednesday (which is published!
on Tuesday night) has brought us four additional'
bulletins, the last of which furnishes un account,
of the state of the King at half-past three o'clock
on Tuesday afternoon. He bad just then re-
covered from a lethargic fit in which he had re.
mained for nearly an hour, and was once more,
sensible to surrounding objects. So near, how-
ever, was his dissolution thought to be, or so hard
and painful the last struggle
of expiring nature,
that the prayers for the agonizing, the object of
which, we believe, is to obtain a speedy termina-
tion of earthly suffering, were put up in his very
chamber. Ile is said to have understood what
was doing, and to have borne this last trial,
the evidence that ail hope was abandoned, and
that his death was in some measure prayed for,
with the feline firmness and resignation that had
marked his deportment throughout. A private
letter dated an hour later, and brought by the
same express us the Etoite, states informa-
tion to have been just reeceived by the writer
that the King was dead. This is highly
probable, but it is not official. Yet if, as it
was apprehended in Paris, all expresses were
to be stopped the moment the death of the
King should be publicly known, the absence
of further news is rather confirmatory of the
statement. However this may be, it is evident
that the possibility of his recovery was not
even contemplated, and that every hour which he
survives is more than his nearest relatives yen.
lured to anticipate. The idea that his death had
taken place on Monday morning, and that Bulle-
tins were issued to conceal the fact for u certain
period from the people, seems to lose ground even
in Paris, where it was at first generally enter.
tained. Indeed, as the event had been secretly
expected for a considerable time by the
ers, they had it in their power to make every

preparation before hand which they might deetit
necessary to prevent its being attended with any
results dangerous to the public peace, or to the
legitimate succession to the throne. The gain of
a few hours, or even of a few days, could not,
therefore, be a material object, and it is hard to'
believe, that the most respectable Physicians in
Franco would lend their names to a complete im-
posture,
which could not fail sooner or later to
be exposed to the knowledge of the world. With
respect to the policy of Charles X., who by lids
time has probably been proclaimed King of
France, no apprehensions seem now to be enter-
tained by those who once regarded him as the
head of the Ultras. That he had espoused M. de
Villele's party has long become apparent, and
that 'Minister is said to have lately passed his
word that no change of administration, or of
measures, would arise from the accession of a
new King.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
We cannot but congratulate our fair readers
on the proceedings at the Manslon-louse re-
ported in yesterday's Paper, from which it would
appear, that an insult offered to Ladies may be
resented without subjecting their champions to
fine, imprisonment, and, possibly, absolute ruin.
Let all travellers record in their note-books, that,
though in Surrey, the county famous for Magis-
trates, a Lady may be very safely affronted, for
If her protector chastise a coxcomb that Insults
her, he is sentenced to gaol and fed on felon's fare;
yet in Middlesex it is quite another, thing, and the
man who insults a woman is kicked first and pro.
scented afterwards, if he do not quietly submit to
the correction. The Surrey Bench of Magistrates
and the City Bench are Indeed strangely at va-
riance on these matters, so much so that the op.
posite practice of the- two districts may betray
persons who have a turn for delicate gallantry
into particularly unpleasant errors and very in-
convenient false positions. The highly respect-
able and exemplary individual who has wounded
the delicacy of a Lady on the other side of the
water with perfect impunity, nay, under the
protection of the laws, crosses a bridge, quits
Surrey. for Middlesex, and if he repeat his itnper-
tinencies, he may be rolled in the gutter for his
pains. There is no saying how the Lord Mayor
might treat a privileged person,M.Saurin himself,
for instance, if he were on the strength of his
former success, to come before the City Magistrate
with a complaint such as he preferred against Mr.
O'Callagan. The issue of that affair may certain-
ly have served a encourager les autres, and we
therefore deem it incumbent on us to give every
degree of publicity to the very different doctrine
which prevailed at the Mansion-house on Wednes-
day. We do not mean to say that Mr. Saurin's
conduct was as offensive as that imputed to the
prisoner in the case to which we allude, but the
principle which governed the Lord Mayor's de-
cision is as applicable to the one alfuir us to the
other, and is that which ought to have governed
the decision of the Surrey Magistrates in Mr.
O'Callaghan's case. In each instance a lady was
OirrOllted ; ill each, her protector, from the im.
pulse of indiguatiow, resented the insult with a
tlow—here the parallel ceases—in the late case
the blow ,was returned, and the party returning
the blow was held to bail for- an Assault, it
doubtless being considered that the first outrage
or insult was the original breach of the peace.
—We would be understood to abstain from
uttering any opinion on the merits of this ease—
nothing can be mole foreign from our purpose—
we only advert to it, indeed, as it involves a
~
prin-
ciple, the assertion of which seems' to us most
important, and to which we rejoice to see that

~ • .
effect has been given. From what fell him' tlfe
Lord Mayor, it would ,appear that it was high
time to correct the impression which the deci.
sion of the Surrey Magistrates was calculated to
create.

" The Loan MAYOR-said, that unmanly assaults of this
description were daily occurring. In fact, scarcely any woman
was now safe in the streets, even in the presence of her husband.
" Defendant—My Lord, consider that I was kicked.
" The LORD MAYOR—If ion were, you deserved it well for
the indecent assault, and I will make you find bail for the as-
sault on Mr. Walker, and bind him over to prosecute you."
—We trust that the flower of the Magistracy,
the pink of Justices, will take a lesson from this
salutary decision.
