(From La Gazette de France.)

The Ministers now at Paris were assembled this after-
noon till past five o'clock at the Foreign Office; the Pre-
sident of the Council having come from Auteuil expressly
to consult with them. M. Thiers has had a bog con-
ference with the Minister cf Marine. Contractc.rs (;f all
kinds besiege the offices of the Minister of War and
Marine. 'I he President of the Council is going to return
to Eu.

The present state of our %Vest India Colonies
begins to excite a very general interest in this coun-
try. What neither the conflicts of legislatures, the
.....,. ......
appeals of missionaries, the despatches of Gover-
nors, the pile upon pile of del Parliamentary blue •.
hooks, the scowling threats of white planters, nor
•
the muttered defiance of sable workmen, could pro-
••
~,,
duce, is now effected with the greatest ease by a rise No change nas laden p,a ... ____ ..•
in the price of sugar. Chartism was never heard relations. There are neither more nor fewer chances than I --
....
of except among a few dreaming theorists, till it yesterday a . —iii.;__ W. r, .
became a " knife and fork" question ; the Lords
were beaten on the Reform Bill when the multitude
were brought to regard a Reformed Parliament and
a cheap loaf as convertible terms ; and the present
state of our West India Colonies would never have
agitated our fireside circles had the planters and la.
Cowers of those Islands not contrived to make it a quotati
cup-and-saucer question. We are a very sensitive ;Y MA
people; but the great seat of our sensibility is the e in S
mouth when reached through the pocket. Liberty is two per
sweet, but sugar is sweet too; and we would not prevaili
in spite
venture to say that there are not many notable
housewives in this most Christian land who would took pi
give the preference to a cheap pound of sugar hese is
goo
over a free negro too lazy to cut sugar-canes for
try
moderate wages. To take the bread out of a wo-
omesti
man's mouth is bad enough, but to take the sugar extreme
:--
out of her tea-cup is still worse ; especially Ss
as Earl STANHOPE proposes that our p,ra- A
cious QUEEN shall set an example of universal At
teetotalism to all her loving subjects of the fair the Cori
sex. The tea-tray is therefore the sure harbinger Phil,
of a noisy dissertation on Jamaica politics ; and as come c
we cannot avoid the discussion of the question, we ailroad
are pleased to find an abundance of helps to guide Ha 95;
$6 300
us in the sober consideration of it. In the first Board
place among these we class a pamphlet by Mr. here we
JOHN INNES, published by RICHARDSON, es chant
5 Cornhill, entitled " Thoughts on the Present ,id for
e to one
State of the British West India Colonies, and on yesterd
' Measures for their Improvement, tending to the iliningo
Extinction of the African Slave Trade." Mr. news 0:
,irday r:
INNEs lays deml to •an cgFc:tciice o hien demands
o furthe
for him a favourable hearing, even in the noisy and district,
impatient neighbourhood of a steaming tea-urn, ponden
For a period of thirty years has he watched the to the
tole
1834 of the abolitionists, and in the years
f tof
1834 and 1835 he visited nearly all the British
......---
colonies in the West Indies, under circumstances
NIGH;
able favourable for acquiring the most vain-
NIG7,H'
able information as to the physical and moral
—i-
character of the, negro, the conduct and im-
kinghar
pressions of the planter, and the effect likely ost Exc,
ttitse:e v
Lriel pie
cloe uarpd to be produced by the change in the relative
position of both. Mr. INNES left the colonies
with the conviction that the abolitionists were not i
acting with as much' prudence as zeal. " Had the
cy.
ability, influence, and outlay," he says, " brought
to bear against the slave trade, been judiciously ingharn
directed in furtherance of measures to render free a's Mo
labour in the colonies of this country cheaper than
slave labour in foreign colonies, my conviction is )f Perth
that the slave trade would have died a natural den in t
entitled
death, from its being no longer ' gainful guilt.' "
i Lowe
This, we should suppose, would depend upon the " it i
2
capability of the British colonies to furnish colo-
lawfu'
trial produce for all nations desirous of consuming until, t(
it. However cheap we might supply labour, if the the said
eclare,
demand of produce exceeded the supply, the price from, t
would rise, and thus a bonus be given for cultiva- i be w
a tion elsewhere. But it would consume too much of r mono
our space to open an inquiry which would lead us form an
:e of C
through all the labyrinths of political economy, for institute
which the works of ADAM SMITH, RICARDO, upon, ft
SENIOR, M'CULLOCH,aud an hundred others, pro-
avi
fess to supply clues. We shall therefore follow the !the grantd t
example of Mr. INNES, by stating our doubt, in as rid Act
few words as he does his impression, which he is ice of hi
content to give to the world without any argument of the I
demonstrative of its practicability. Act, au
rovMees
Mr. INNES attributes the present "stem in a nation,
teapot," to three errors committed by the aboli- lain da
tionists in 1833. The first was in the absence ay shall
e passin
of any provisions in the Abolition Act, for raising , under
the wants of the negroes during apprenticeship to
an extent that would not be gratified by less wages ion. Li
than the planters could afford to pay them for a Seerett
reasonable amount of daily labour when free. The herein a
apprenticeship being for seven years, Mr. INNES
thinks that this might have been effected by giving
to the labourers for the first }ear's TO FEMALES.-011 Tuesday last aa seventh of the young woi pr..}ceeding by the Cheltenham mail, on a
ordinary rate of wages, and increasing it a seventh visit to a relative suffsring from ill health, had her pocket
every year. This plan ive think altogether visionary. picked of her purse, containing a sun of money propor-
The wants of a people can only be increased in tionate to her expenses, about 5/. The robbery was corn-
untied in the entracee halt of the Great Western Railway
two ways—by cultivating their understanding so as
station at Paddington, during the delay of taking on the
to render certain refinements and ornaments of life HAMBURG BORSENHALLE, Ave. 11.
thus. money. coach. Hari the pilferer witnessed the silent agony of her
essential to their comfort, or by stimulating their Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank shares ..... .... . 17e,
vices—giving them a taste not for music, or books, An to.ltusslan Loa.l ..
................
...
....
......... ................ 18% train, he might, bad he not been entirely brute, been made
or in-deor comfort, but for the fumes of tobacco Rossi= 5 per Cent. ts.t., ......... ....... tieate
Inscription, Ist Se.iGs .. . .... .:.. . .
and rum. The former is incompatible with per- Russian 5 per Cent. 11 ... . . ;n11..C.0. . Sdanet 4th
ance discovered, en his arrival in Oxford, that he had like.seiks ...... . - ..
sonal slavery under whatever lorm it may exist, Ditto in Certilica.e..s......:. ......... .... .. ..
07% wise been robbed of a very considerable sum. If women
Dutch settler Debt, 2. ...... ..
C'ent
foppishly attired, in attendanpceerhoanpsaaldloopctcsatsiimonessaafnedr
place
niaaclel
Time, education, and his individual experience can Ditto. .. . .... . .... iC t
Polish Ditt0.........
............ a)er en
142 14134
alone convince the negro, who has once been a New icket .. ... ........... .....
....
............ ..
• I 1'36 ':—.l, situctiona calculated to produce excitement or timidity,
slave, of the necessity of seeking comfort only Anglo-owlish 1..0.n.;,..3 . p..c.r.C.ert.......
Norwegian Loan, 1534, 4 per C.. 1.... • I°2
through the medium of industrious habits. Spanish, New 3 per Cents.... ........... .
The next great error, according to Mr. INNES, I,ACHANGES ON LONDON.Iij than the pocket as a depository for their money.
ifastauna, AUG. 11.---13. i Two months, 1:s 3!..t. THE HARVEST.—We hear from all quarters
was in making children under six years of age free, CIIHISTIANIA, AUG. 1-.1 hrec months, 4 SO.
STCCCIIOLM, AUG. 3. —sev.ity..five days. 11. 45. the most gratifying accounts of the crops. In Leicester-
without making any provision for their support or Lwestc, Ave. 7.—Two mo ths, 6, 12. shire, Lincolnshire, Warwickshire, and Yinksh're, 'the
education. This was, indeed, a grave error ; but ..----.........
harvest is proceeding rapidly, and the " Harvest Houle we believe that a remedy for it has been for some THE LATE RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—During Suppers " have already in some places been held. In
time contemplated by the Government, the moment or the late d.eaiful accident on the Hull and some of the southern counties the harvest is fast drawing
ILA NDS.
The final error, Mr. INNES contends, was in
ambit sforth,
vaii:y.represented as Is.ting of very fine
Sclhy railway, the particulars connected with which will to a,e.NlintsGe.RANiVlhoeaNt
FROM
is
oA.fTurEvvEST
HIGI
bei fhound, int other columns, Mr. Smiti!•.
making one class of apprentices free before the rest,
g
several
much
fromwt almosta inevitable
of mind. raved
Iward's Island, North America. On Wednosd,iy week the
produced irritation and litigation, and finally destruction, bY ouickly opening the
, . . —A new handsome vessel, the Nith, has lately been tk• g
IVith arrived at TAubtorumiogryfo,harftherunhdarveidng
caused the premature termination of the apprentice- door of the carriage in which he was seated, jumping
io passengers from the West Hiehlands for Princea F. t-
and family E
ship. What this had to do with the tea-cup ques-
asysiesnit&erdersse
tion may perplex some of our fair readers as over on the other side. —Dollcaster Gazelle.
... . .
much as it has done us ; but justice to Mr. INNES IMPROVEMENTS IN THE 'IEMPLE.--it is in- places in Skye.
out (dragging his wife t.fter him), ,just as it was falling
tended to pull down the old King's Bench-office at the on board, and at Tobermory, the vessel received
an addi-
requires that we should give the substance of a ' endof
_.
Paper-buildings, •Id'and to form a terrace overlooking tion of a hundred and fifty more'
Paper- to rugs, . emigrants On the 26th
statement upon which he lays so much stress, al- the Temple garden and the river. the Nit!! sailed for Staffs and lona, and Was ro depart
belt we cannot clearly comprehend it. The receipt of the customs revenu h
eat Water- thence for the Isle of Mau. A great number of our poor
Our present limits do not permit our examina- • ford, in the half-year ended the sth July, exceeds tat of , countrymen will thus have taken leave of their native
tion of the remedies for the evils in our West India the corresponding half year by 15,000/ I shores, bound for the new world of the West, where so
system of labour-management, suggested by Mr. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.—These Ses- many of their countrymen are settled, and where the
sys
Gaelic lan sions commence on M nd • next, and from the heavy state
~ guaue seems destined to find its last sanctuary
INNES ; who, upon the whole, appears to us a of
the calendar it is o a'Y
' .
d they will lust near a fort- und abode.. The distressed state of the Highland districts,
humane, benevolent, and well-intentioned exponent night. There are upewlapredcsieof two hundred prisoners for i from the failure of the kelp trade and a redundar,t popula-
of what has fallen under his observation. But we trial. ~ non, renders emigration a boon to many Highland parishes,
shall take an early opportunity of returning to the , BARLEY.—This year Mr. Samuel Barnes, of ! ''',(),: sufj-ring the utmost extremity of want and (I.:stitu-
tt . nverness Courier.
subject of his pamphlet in a somewhat graver
I Westbury, has drilled in two acres with six pecks, end
...,
dibbled one acre with less than one peck of grain, and,
mood. His zeal merits respect, and some of his
remarkable as it may appear, there are to be teen from been recently discovered in the pantry of the prison at
suggestions serious reflection.
1100 to 150 stems of grain growing from one corn, and in Florence, which was anciently a chapel attached to the re_
To make amends foe the paucity of news in the
..._...............--
some of the ears from 30 to 40 corni. Last year the same sidenee of the p idesta. It had been completely covered
gentleman grew nearly 24 sacks of grain of good (pain withplaster.is • d •
y The poet partite in the flower of his age,
Paris Journals of Thursday, we have gleaned from per me.— Western times. . with a calm majestic countenance.

A letter from Vienna, dated August 3, in the Carlsruhe
Gazette, says, " Couriers have passed through this city
on their way to Constantinople ; they take to the Pacha
the ultimatum of Russia, England, Austria, and Prussia,
as well as that of the Porte. In case of the refusal of
the Viceroy to accede to it, those powers have resolved to
employ increased measures.—Le Commerce.
No change has taken place in the state of our foreign
relations. There are neither more nor fewer chances than
yesterday of a collision.
The Continental Powers are no further advanced than
their nominal assent to the Treaty of the 15th of July.
We say their nominal assent, for they have hitherto done
no act, nor made any preparations, to give effect to that
Treaty. .

The English Government abides by the text which
it has signed, and does not show either in its acts or the
langua.,Ye of its organs any inclination to take steps towards
conciliation, or to pay more or less attention to the just
complaints of its ally. We hear from it sp, cious decktra
tions of the advantages of the union between England and
Fiance, but cannot point out the least attempt, still less
the most shrink prep sal,, for an agreemcnt.—Le Temps

BOURSt—LPAkis, Tguitsiml, Arcs. 13.

first Hignest Lowest .I,ast
Price I'rice Price Price
French 5 per Cents .......... 111 40 114 40 ... 113 40 114
4 per t eat 5............ 10 50 511 ... 114 50 104 50
3 per Cents SO 60 .80 GO 70 60 f.O 23
2ank of erance 33 0 ...:If.'oo 2 0 3, 0
taffitte Bank 1,91X/1. Sh 1100 _ll, ...11, 0 ...1100
5,000 f. Sh 5175 ...5175 —5170 ..5!,0
t anßank 920 ... 920 ... 917 50 ... 9'll
5 Per C''nts lO3 ... 101 101
31 er Cents 75 ... 70 75 ... f 9 75 69 73
Spanish Ac tve ......... ••• 254 j ••• "5%
Passive • 04 6
Portuguese 3 per Cents 2lk, 21% ... 2114 'A%
Ne:t. oilcan
Roman lO3 ...11,3 ...102% ... 1,2

RAILWAY SHARES.
St. Germain
Versailles, R. B 4BO ... 485 ... 4,0 ... 4,5
L.B.
Orleans .. 487 LO ... 4,7 50 4t.5 ... 487 '

S •+shnrg to Bale :lssf 3h5
Ilulhausen to Thann

•,..
... 355
... 450

--• 50
... 4.10

Coati AsND FLOUR.—A return has been made to
the'House of Commons of the quantity of corn and
flour in`bond and taken out of bond in the several ports
of the United Kingdom. on the Ist day of July in each
of the years 1838, 1839, and 1840. It appears from
this that the 9uantiiiet, rerrnin;nz in bc:::1
years respectively were 584,112, 40,547, and 529.154
quarters, and the quantities admitted for home con-
sumption 226,587, 3.323,510, and 1,523,312 quarters
The importation of flour was trifling, with the exception
of the years 1839 and 1840. In the former there
were admitted for home consumption 781,268 cwts,
and in the latter 757,148 cwts of flour.
