A Legistitive Council, the members of which are nomi-
nat-d by authorities ignorant of the country, residing 3 000
miles off, composed mostly of per,ons who do not sympathise
with the country, still exists as an impotent screen beto-ecn
the go% croon aad the governed, and nullifies all attempts at
us. ful I..gislation. An Executive Council, nominated in the
same manner, whose influence has poisoned the mind of each
succeeding Governor, remains unchanged, to protect the cu-
' mutation of office and abuses that are connected with every
pubic deprtm Tr. A Governor, alike ignorant with his pre-
decessors, and who has become, like each of them,, an official
partisan, conducts the Gov. r.iment for the benefit of the few,
either unmindful of, or determit elly opposed to, the prospe-
rity of the many.
Our grievances have been faithfully and repeatedly urged
upon the King ar.d Parliatnent of the United Kingdom, by
the resolutions of primary assemblies, by our representatives in
Parliament assembled, and by the humble petitions of the
whole people. We have remonstrated with all the power of
argument, and all the moral force of truth. No remedies
have been extended; and at last, when the tyranny of those
entrusted with power in the province has increased insufferably
from continued impunity, advantage is taken by an ungenerous
European state of a time of general peace to coerce us into a
connivance or approval of our own debasement, by a threat
to seize upon our public revenues with a hand of force, in de-
fiance of natural right, and of every principle of law, policy,
or justice.

ihe present degraded position of our country being the re-
sult of three quarters of a century of warm dcvotiun to Bri-
tish connection, and. of mistaken reliance upon British honour,
it would be slavish and criminal to confine our resistance here-
after to simple remonstrances. The wicked designs of British
authorities have severed all tics of sympathy for an unfeeling
mother country. A separation has commenced between parties,
which will never be cement, d, but which will go on increas-
ing, until one of tlinse sudden, those unforeseen events that
attend the march of time affords us a fit opportunity for as-
suming our rank among the independent sovereignties or
America. Two splendid opportunities have been lost--let us
not be unprepared for the third.
A glo:ivus destiny awaits the young men of these colonies.
Our fathers have passed a long life of vexation, in daily
struggle against every degree of despotism. As they pass
frnrn the world they leave an inheritance int:noved by their
patriotic sacrifices To us they commit the noble duty of
cerr3ing onward their proud designs, which in our day must
disfranchise our beloved country from all human authority, ex-
cept that of the bold democracy residing within its bosom.
With such an invigorating prospect spreading before us,
with such a high responsibility resting upon us, it becomes our
imperative duty, laying aside the gay frivolities of youth, to
betake ourselves to the serious consideration of our country's
politics, li-r wants and h r resources ; to increase In r wealth
by encouraging her manufactures and her produce; and to
preserve her strength by discontinuing the consumption of ar-
ticles brought from beyond sea ; but, above ali, to accir-
torn ourselves to con tent sacrifices, and so to curtail our per-
sonal expenses, by avoiding excess or superfluity, that we may
treasure means for supporting each other in the struggle fur
life and liberty in which we must sooner later be engaged,
when the day of glory arches that will see us emerge frorn a
long (link bondage to the splendour of light and freedom.
Wherefore, we, the officers and Managing Committee of
the Association of the " Sons of Liberty" in Montreal, in our
own names, and on behalf of those whom we represent, Ploage
. ourselves to our abused country, and to each other, that we will
devote all our energies and be prepared to ac' as circumstances
nay demand, in order to procure for this province a reformed
system of Government, based upon the electiyo principle a
responsible executive ; the oolitroul 11 the representative
branch of the Legislature of all public revenues, from what.
ever source derived; the repeal of all laws and charters passed
by foreign authority encroaching upon the rights of the peiplo
;:std their representatives, especially thaw relating to the pro-
perty and teneros or fated,wi.pthey belonging to the public or
thergßilnl
to individuals t; an improved system of selling public lands,
whereby those who wish to become actual settlers
ay
he able to do so at a small expense i the sbolitio,, of
tifi4 1,14 irresponsibility of other, and an equality, before the
law, for all crosses, without distinction of origin; language, or
religion ; and depending on God, and string in our right, we
hereby invite the young men of these provinces to form as,
§ociations. in their several localities for the attainment of g(wd,
eheap, „,14,5116b1r, Government, and for the security, defence,
and extension of our common liberties.
Andre Ouimet, President F. Tavernier,
J. L. Beaudry, V. pro. Joseph Dufaut,
igieph Jottril
J. G. tusnar;au, Treffo, pap! Martin,
G. H. E. Theriot, Rec. Sec. P. G. Damour,
G. Boucherville, Cor. Sec. Henry Lacaille,
F. Tulloch, Assii. Cur. Sec. Pierre Larcencur,
J. g, Niornifit, N,
Toussaint Derpera, Nareisae Valois,
Narciese Lafreniife, Carron,
Pierre Grenier, H. A. Gauvin,
Louis Dumais, Andre Lacroix,
Joseph Lettore, L. C. Perrault,
L. P. Betvle, Chamilly tie Lorirnier,
Rerni Coursell es, Norbert Larochele,
Casimir Arcouct, Andre Giguiero,
Amiable Simard, Louis Barre,
J. 13, Label, Simon Crevier,
Andre Lapierro,
Joe. Gaudry,
James Finny, J. B. Brien,
Louis Lebepu, A. B. Papinoau,
Thomas Barbo Rodolph Desrivieres,
Montreal, October 4, 1837,

IRELAND.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)

DMILIN, JAN. 1.
I THE REGISTRIES IN TRELAND,_The registries are mo-
nopol-zing public attention throughout the country. The
value of, success there is beginning to be properly ap
preciated, and, accordingly, at every Quarter Sessions,
the opposing parties have been zealous and vigilant. The
success on the whole is decided with the Liberals, though
in one or two counties the activity and tact of the Tory
party have succeeded in achieving a tempnrary vic-
tory. At Clonmel, the Tipperary Liberals registered
twenty-one, while the Tories only succeeded in placing two
upon the list. Again, in Carlow county, the Liberals regis-
tered double the number registered by their opponents—the
r,lative numbers, however, being only ten and five. In the
borough of Carlow little was done, only six being admitted to
the franchise—four of whom, however, were Reformers, In
Sligo, too, the majority was with the Reformers ; but in Cavan
and Kildare they permitted themselves to be shamefully
worsted. From other parts of the country returns are daily
expected, whic4 it is confidently hoped, will be of the same
favourable character as the majority of the above.
STATE OF TIM COUNTRY.--6L100.--.A conspiracy has long
Lem in active operation to m:s:Tpr sent the state of this coun-
ty, the frequent able exposiarcs of which has had no effect in
checking its progress, though it is to be hoped they have for-
tified the public mind in England against its effects. Every
day brings foal' some new fabrication, which fills the public
eye and ear till the humbug is exposed, and then the industrious
Orange journalists here, have ready some new atrocity to be
%vonderedftf, exposed, scouter} hut ypt pc..quotecl and fcpully dwelt
I upon, n its tto'n. The county 4ligo was for a considerable
time the' very paiadise of the state-of-the-country para•
graphers, The wonder-working sword of Harlequin never
acNeveif grcoter miracles for the delight of the holiday
Masters and 111issrs than thpe gcqtlettieq perftlrmpel in ttli
favoured ground for the amusement of the Tories. Pclo cow
could die in peace, but her death tryst be tacked to a' the of
Whiieloy afrcression, or rather " Ribbon" outrage, since the
Standard 1?,-"'N br'otight the tattex phrase into tbshion. Well,
how stands the matter now ? A glance- at their calendar
would be the fittest reply. We have reason to know that at
worst it is not unusually heavy, though if half the lung talcs

voice, whose influence tends to the corruption of public sin ue,
the depression of enterprise, asid the annihilation of every
generous impulse or exalted aspiration for the advancement of
the country's greatness.
Hosts of officers, appointed without consent of the people, to
whom they are too frequently obnoxious and never responsible,
and holding commissions during the pleasure of an irrespon-
sible executive. are placed in authority over us, with salaries
enormously disproportioned both to our means , and their ser-
vices, whereby office is made a miens of family or Personal
aggiandisement, instead of being suited to the resources and
wawa of the people.
The trial by jury, which we have been taught to look upon
as the palladium of our liberties, is made a vain Motion, or
instrument of despotism, inasmuch as sheriffs, creatures of the
executive, upon which they depend daily fur a continuance In
an office to which vast emoluments are attached, can Select
and summon such jurors as they please. and thereby become
themselves the arbiters in state prosecutions instituted against
the people by their oppressors.
Immense funds, bestowed by a provident Government, or
by generous individuals, on the late order of the Jesuits, for
purk_oses of education, have been diverted from this commend-
able object, and made an instrument of corruption fur the
reward of useless or reprehensible officials, while the children
of the province, deprived of the funds provided for their in-
struction, have grown up without the benefit of school eduea-
tion, to be now taunted with want of learning.
Our public lands, defended during two woes by the bravery
of the inhabitants of the country, andt rendered valuable by the
toil that has opened roads, and extended settlements back to
the wilderness, have been sold nr bestowed in contempt of our
remonstrances, to a company, of speculators living beyond the
sea, or partitioned out among official parasites, who have, from
motives of interest, combined as a faction to support a cor-
rupt government, inimical to the rights, and opposed to the
wishes of the people, whilst our fathers, our relations, and cur
brothel colonists, are refused or are unable to procure wild
land on which to settle.
Laws affecting the tenure of lands, inapplicable to the con-
dition of the country, and injurious in their operation, have
been forced upon us by a foreign Parliament, which, in order
to favour private and sinister interests, has usurped a power of
internal legislation that appertains alone to the Legislature of
this province.
Regulations for the trade of the country, adopted by a fo-
reign Parliament, are enforced without our consent. We
are thus confined to certain markets, and are deprived of
the po.ver of extending our commerce to all parts of the
world when the markets of Biitain are unfavourable to our
pi-educe, whereby our commareial enterprise is crippled and
paralyzed.
The representatinn of the country has been made a solemn
mockery. A corrupt executive has constantly sought to render
our House of Assembly an instrument to decide unalterably
the slavery of its constituents, and, failing in this wicked
&sign, has rendered its action nugatory by frequent prom-
gations and dissolutions, and by reusing as assent to lairs
useful to the people, and passed unanimously by their repro-
Ee:ltativeg.
