UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

CAMBRIDGE, Acc. 18.—Rev. Robert Clarke Burton, M. A.
of Clare Hall, in this University, has been appointed Domestic
Chaplain to the Earl of Cardigan.
The Rev. W. Simpson, B. A., of Queens' College, in this
University, has been presented to the Curacy of St. James's
Church, Halifax.

On the 21st ult., the Rev. Wm. Wallace, B. A., was insti-
tuted to the Rectory of Thorpe Abbotts, Norfolk, on the pre-
sentation of Samuel Skinner, Esq., of Shirley Park, and John
Hodgson, Esq., of Chigevell, Essex.
The Queen has been pleased to present the Rev. For-
tescue Todd, LL. B. to the Vicarage of St. Austell and
St. 13Iasee, in the county of Cornwall, and diocese of Exe-
ter, void by the resignation of the Rev. Thomas Scott Smyth,
M. A.

The Queen has been pleased to nominate the Rev. Thomas
Scott Smyth, M. A., to the Ministry of Brunswick Chapel,
in the parish of St. Marylebone, Middlesex, and diocese
of London, void by the resignation of the Rev. Fortescue
Todd, LL. B.
The Rev. Septimus Ramsay, M. A., Ministerof St. Michael's,
Burleigh-street, Strand, has been appointed Secretary to the
Upper Canada Clergy Society.
The Rev. F. D. Panter, 8.A., late Curate of West
Thurrock and Purfleet, has been presented to the curacy of
Laindon.
The Governors of King Edward's School, Birmingham,
hare appointed Mr. George Moyle, B. A., of Lincoln College,
Oxford, to be an Assistant Master in that Institution, in the
room of Mr. Trollope, resigned.
The Rev. David Hughes, Vicar of Enlishcombe, near
Bath, has been presented to the Vicarage of Southstoke;
Patron, the Rev. Edward Willes, Prebendary of Wells.
The Rev. J. Richardson has been presented to the Master-
ship of Appleby Grammar School.
The Rev. A. Addison, has been presented to the perpetual
Curacy of Middleton, Yorkshire.
The Rev. George Musgrave has been presented to the
Vicarage of St. Paul and St. Peter, Borden, Kent.
On Thursday week, the Churchwardens of Brandon, Nor-
folk, presented the Rev. C. J. Orman, late Curate of that
parish, with an elegant silver tea-pot, subscribed for by the
inhabitants, as a testimony of esteem. It bears the following
inscription, beautifully executed :—" Presented to the Rev.
C. J. Orman, M. A., by the parishioners of Brandon, in gra-
titude for his services as their Minister during a period of
eight years, A. D., 1838."
On Sunday, the sth inst., the following Gentlemen were or-
dained by his Grace the Archbishop of York :
PRIESTS.—George Fyler Townshend, 13. A., Trinity Col-
lege, Cambridge; Edward Davison Bland, 8.A., Caius Col-
lege, Cambridge ; Stephen Cattley Baker, B. A., St. John's
College, Cambridge ; William Ramsden Smith, B. A.,
Queen's College, Cambridge; Thomas Henry Howard, 8.A.,
Queen's College, Cambridge ; James Butler, B. A., All
Soul's College, Oxford ; Thomas Hockley, B. A., Wadham
College, Oxford : Thomas Westmoreland, 8.A., Sydney
Sussex College, Cambridge ; George Jeffrey Morehead,
Durham; Frederick Prin:.-,rle Walton, Literate ; John Comp-
son, Literate ; Robert Kirby, Literate ; Frederick Walter
Giffard, Literate; Henry Howell, Literate; George Thomas
Sharland, Literate.
DEACONS.-Alleyne Fitzherbert, B. A., St. .John's Col-
lege, Cambridge ; Daniel Augustus Beaufort, B. A,, Jesus
College, Cambridge; RichardHildyard, B. A.. Trinity Hall,
Cambridge; James Sabben, B. A., Queen's College, Cam-
bridge; George Thomas Hutton, 8.A., Trinity College,
Cambridge; John Poole, B. A., St. Edmund Hall, Oxford;
Thomas Bramley, B. A., Catherine Hall, Cambridge ; Henry
uu°gan) B. A., St. John's College, Cambridge • Joseph
Literate'ler Sutton, Durham ; Benjamin Langwith Hargrave,
.

liIIPORTATIOV OF BREAD

. . I
ri-'0 THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Slit—Favoured by former insertions, I apprehendu will
extend the like publication to a proposal. which maybe the
means of reducing the price for the staff of life within (a cot-.
respondent value to other essentials to subsistence.
The Chpitanst. ttkight impts,rt, !rtlthot infr'rtip!l iof any
COrn.--lawi liread (or, pefhaps,BouyA for institnt bink, after
the shortest trip possible fromthe Continent) which would
find a ready distribution, although doe and even iwo d#s old.
Speritiatt#s liat-i bf cbuite, tb thke care Nat there be nu
collateral infringement of the existing ACt.
I am, Sir, }'ours, &c., '
August 20, 1838. PLEBIPHIi.M.

EXETER, /too. 19.—The harvest is steadily proi!re.z.lsing,
and the crops on the better soils will he a full average at
least; on the poor cold lands there will, on account of the
ungenial summer that we have had up to a recent period, be
a proportionate diminution ; and in the neighbourhood.of the
moors, there is considerable complaint on this score. Some
fears are now entertained as to the weather : we have:had a
few light showers this morning, with the wind at S. S.W.,
very ominous quarter for South Devon when it does set in,
and which, if it should do now, with the vast quantity of corn
that is lying on the ground, would cause considerable damage.
There is much anxiety here lest the ports should be opened at
the lowest duty. A great proportion of the land is let on
terms from seven to ten and fourteen years ; and as the system
of holding a survey for the letting is generally adopted, the
highest rents that can possibly be screwed out of the farmer;
is by this means generally secured. There are some &cep.
tions to this rule, where gentlemen decide for themselves what
is the amount of rent which their estates ought to be let for,
but the cases are very few ; and indeed I do not know on
what sound principle the land-owner can be asked to prciteet
the interests of the farmer, by refusing to take the highest
rent he can get. The cultivator ought surely to know his
own resources better than his landlord ; and unless he is a
man capable of calculating his liabilities and estimating his
profits, there is very little hope of his becoming such a tenant
as it would be worth while to trust with the management of
an estate. In our county there is certainly an advancing
tenantry; and in no district of England has agriculture made
more rapid strides titan it has throughout the centre of Devon-
shire, within the last few years. A great deal of land is tilled
by the owners of the soil, there being a very substantial body,
of yeomanry, who cultivate and reside on their own estates.
These have a deep stake in the existence of the Corn-laws,
and many of them, though very good Reformers in all other
matters, will be found sufficiently Conservative on this point.
The tenantry who have terms in their estates will also feel
equally bound up with the existence of the Corn Laws ; and
I need not add, that the landowners will take the lead on that
question. Hence it is that great anxiety exists as to the re-
sult of the present harvest, and that the threatening weather
of the present moment excites more than usual anxiety.

COMPARISON OF FOREIGN GRAIN AND FLOUR
WITH THE ENGLISH MARKET.
The price of white wheaten bread of the first quality at
Paris is 671 c. the loaf of 2 kilogrammes, which is less than
6d. the loaf of 41b. English weight, and the price of bread of
the first quality in London being 10:1d. the loaf of 41b., the
difference is 75 per cent. that bread is dearer in London than
at Paris. The highest quotation of white wheat of the first
quality is 33f. the 1 hectolitre, which equals 50s. sd, the
quarter. The highest quotation of flour of the first quality is
601. the 159 kilogrammes, which answers to 375. Bd. the sack
of 2801 b. English weight, and the highest quotation of flour
of the first quality in London being 655. the sack, it follows
that flour is 72 per cent. dearer in London than at Paris, and
that with the sum of 31. ss. a man may buy 4831 b. of fine flour
at Paris, whereas with the same sum he can buy only 28016.
in London.
According to the official return, the average price of wheat
at Paris for the preceding month (July) was 191. 82c. the hec-
tolitre, which equals, 455. sd. the quarter, and the average
price of wheat in London during the same period being 70s.
Ild., the difference is 56 per cent. that the average of Lon-
don exceeds the average of Paris.
The following is the state of things in other parts of
France :-
At Brie-Comte-Robert the registered price of wheat of
the first quality is 21f., of the second quality 20f. 35c., and of
the third quality, 18f. 67c., which gives a mean price of 19f.
97c., and which answers to 455. 9d. the quarter. At Chartres
the ighest quotation of wheat is 221., which answers to Ns. orl.
the quarter. At Douai the quotation of white wheat is from
21f. 75c. to 23f. 50c., which is from 50s. to 535. 10d. the quar-
ter; and the quotation of red wheat is from 201. to 22f.
which is from 41s. 10d. to 50s. sd. the quarter. At Metz the
mean price of wheat is 17f. 12c. which answers to 395. 2d. the
quarter. At Peronne the quotation of old wheat is from
201. to 23f. 25c. which is from 455. 10d. to 535. 3d. the
quarter; the quotation of new wheat is 21f., which equals
48s. Id. the quarter. At Bayonne the quotation of wheat of
the growth of the district is 191. 50c., which equals 445. Bd.
the quarter. At Blois the registered mean price of wheat is
19f. 30c., which answers to 445. 2d. the quarter. At Rouen
wheat rules from 21f. 50c. to 22f. 50c. which is from 495. 3d.
to ols. 7d., the quarter. At Soissons the quotation of
wheat of the first quality is from 2651. to 270 f., of the second
quality from 256 f. to 264 f., and of the third quality from 2451.
to 2551., all the muid of 13 hectolitres, which gives a mean
price of 19f. 94c. the hectolitre, and which ar ers to 455. Bd.
the quarter. The highest quotation of flour of the first qua-
lity is 531. the 159 kilogrammes, which equals 335. 4d. the
sack of 2801 b. English weight, and the highest quotation of
flour of the first quality in London being 655. the sack, it
follows that flour is 95 per cent. dearer in London tban at
Soissons, and that with the sum of 31. ss. a man may buy
5461 b. of fine flour at Soissons, whereas with the same sum
he can buy only 2801 b. in London.

DISGUISER SLAVERY.

We understand that Mr. Daniel Whittle Harvey,
M. P. for Southwark, is to be appointed Registrar of Hackne)
carriages under the new Act for the better regulation of these-
conveyances within the metropolitan district. Whilst all must
admit that the legal and practical kncwledge of Mr. Whittle
Harvey admirably qualifies him for the duties of such an office
it will be gratifying to his constituents and the public to know,'
what we believe to be the case, that by his acceptance of this
office he does not vacate his seat in Parliament.._ Observer.
LORD WESTAI EA TH—CAPTAIN VIGNOL ES, &e.
—We have inserted as comical a letter as ever it has been our
bap to read, addressed by the Marquis of Westmeath to the
citizens of Dublin. It out-Herods Sir Harcourt, it leaves
Moll Flanders behind by many chalks, and, to a certain ex-
tent, it pales the ineffectual fires" of the Sloppery itself.
Yet, let us be just to our esteemed Contemporary—we do,
after all, think the latter the better hand at blackguarding of
the two. For Lord Westmeath is in too devouring rage to
do the thing handsomely, while Slop is at it in all weathers.
Villain, caitiff, rascal, scoundrel, -murderer, monster, hypo-
crite, blackguard, blasphemer, liar, traitor, devil, are certainly,
we do admit, a very pretty collection of terms, and well be-
fittingv(,
af n Nugentee hise
reputation
;b literaryu t ire
.t acquirements of the bead of the noble house
theupon
pe
iounNt
hearty
la!
reu.
car
tgotn flsoernidii
_1(
3\l;oeroys doof not think the liberal use which
Saturday next at the _ them very well calculated to ad-
gh
use of Lords. As to their effect
mote seriously to his Lorsnelll:lh 1-11Ji We can promise, we think, a
Lordship.
'slleexipl
acsn expense
commenced
onol
eunr
creaders
certaino n
Exchange. One word, however,
aesxptieinissiivnehi:srobeaealeicolings against a journalist in this city for an
alleged libel. d eats he come into Court with such a letter
• 7 hey should be clean.—Dublin Even-
ing Post.

T 2 —-,
ii N',lv HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT..The
immense coffer dam, which has for some months been form-
ing in order to lay the foundation of the new Houses of Par-
liament is nearly in a state of completion. The space which
it encompasses is enclosed by two rows of piles. about three
or four feet apart,
of labourers have' for weeks been employed in throwing im-
mense quantities of clay, which has been brought to the spot
in barges from different parts of the country. This process,
and in the space between a large body
we believe, is called in technical language "puddling," and
when completed the wooden and clay hank appears as if it
would successfully set at defiance the impetuosity of " Old
Father Thames," who at that part of the river is not always
in the most
quiet or conciliatory temper. As yet the powers
of nature and of
art opposed to him have not been placed
in
array, there being openings through which the
tide still Passes.
When they shall be closed up, and the
water remaining- pumped out, then will come the ~tug of
ba
war."

SOCIALISNI.—On Monday and Tuesday last, two
lectures were delivered in this town on socialism, by Mr. Bu-
chanan, of
Sheffield. The lectures were given at the New Con_
cert-r
and at the conclusion of each several questions were
oo
asked by some of the audience, which lcd to considerable ar-
gument Rs
to the nature and practicability of the social prin..
ciplc• --boneaster Gazette.
A e , utisicieraufeimprovement has taken place in the
trade is
linen trade in this town, particularly in drills, for which a brisk
expected during the season. —Doncaster Gazette.

titE SUN; LONDON., MORDAV, AUGUST 20, 1838.

TO THE a:cflrir DON. Lquy. GLENELG,i HER
MAJESTY'S SECRETART .1 OF SLAT) ' FOR'. THE
COLONIES, &c. &c.
BIRMINGHAM, 10TH AUGUST, 1838.
Mt' most sincerely congratulate your Lordship on
the feeent trin-,11. in the British colonies, of principle over
jta9tice, over a system of fraud
etyfarly clistionodrable Iss those who planned,
pr'olonge'd it. The last Vestige
merged into complete
freeelOM; In the
ola nfi aid dt
0 legalisedPt 6O
S !ti.k' 'y) nh±
,a`de( length,.
great majority Of the' West India colonies ;
and I tttt•it thO nekt iSacket, will bring the joyful intelligence,
that all the ('rows.; as 't'ell all the chartered colonies, have
proclaimed liberty to tie eatlife; kid the opening of the
prison door to them that were bound,
Whatever opposition your Lordship may 1044/ felt, as a
statesman,
under the Divine eaanEe :'fad:'fadMessing, has proved so t!-:
lo•vient agitation in this country, which,
sig-
nally successful, I feel confident tiiiit; ."s• e Christian, :our
Lordship must unfeignedly rejoice that the unridli!re'resa domt
'
nion of man over man has been destroyed—that slavery Lal
been abolished—and that the sum of human happiness has
thereby been greatly increased.
The question which now most anxiously engages the atten-
tion of the friends of the emancipated negroes is, what is to
be theif future legal status—whether they are to be put in
possession of all the rights and privileges of freemen, or whe-
ther they arc to be placed tinder the operation of laws which,
under colourable pretences, shall deprive them of that liberty
to which they are unquestionably entitled The only answer
to this question which can be given by the British Govern-
ment and the Impdrial Parliament of these realms, vt'in be
found in the twelfth elaitsc of the Slavery Abolition Act,
which says, that, subject to the ohlleations of a temporary ap-
prenticeship, they shall become and he Id all :intents and pur-
poses fteei and discharged of and from all marine"; of slavery,
and shall be ahsoldtely and for ever manumitted; add that
slavery shall he fir ever abashed and declared unlawful
throughout the Britiah edicalide; Add that but one reply will
be given by the people of thli totintry,,the the freedom which
they have purchased with twenty millions of their gold, and
which is guaranteed to them by the solemn deciSion of the Le-
gislature, shell be enjoyed in its fullest and most enlarged
sense, by the enthmehised bondsmen. In this view the Par-
liamentary Committed of 183;d, though composed of the most
heterogeneous materials, fully coincide. They &ay, in their
observations at the close of their liepertt to the /louse of
Commons, that the liberated negro, "at the expiration of hig
term of servitude," Is to be raised to a state of unqualified
freedom, to be governed by laws framed in all respects on the
same principle as those to which his white fellow-subjects are
amenable. The principle laid down in the Imperial Statute,
and thus recognised by Olt Parliamentary Committee, was
affirmed by the late decision of the House of Commons on the
motion of Sir George Grey, and has been again and again
reiterated by your Lordship, as well as by yotit predecessors
in office. To quote the various passages from the circular
despatches to the Goverriarl of the West India Colonies, which
have issued from your Lordship's deptrtment, on this vital
subject, will,
ever, two passages from these circulars which f cittnet, be-
cause
I presume, be unnecessary. 'Mtg.", are, how-
I consider them of the utmost importance at tbs,
present moment. Mr. Secretary Stanley (now Lord Stan-
ley) in
a despatch dated October 19, 1833, says,—
" As
perpetuatinganydistin
you will consider yourself precluded by your
instructions fro:n sanctioning any ordinance which may
prolong the duration of the intermediate state, or im-
pose any heavier burthens upon those who are in that state,
so you will likewise withhold
.your sanction from any ordinance
pre
adttahTtcaealtidretd6hiontehial:
norocroenzt.cinbuisi
in.ognsaf?are
irsitnhge
outterminationofa /I rofevit
oh
ua
st period
servile
condition.
oThe
gi
principle
.n. , i passagelpBl
e 37, sf
tnhoferf
whichot
lawm
the
e dispatchalfrur
emancipatedt he
Lordship
abolition
bo l
io fsi
ollnaabvy ueos
f
Slavery is,
s
is to be immediately apprenticeship succeeded by
personal freedom in that
full and unlimited sense of the term inwhich it used
is in re-
ference to the other subjects of theeßritish Crown " This,"
your Lordship further observes, "is theCof
essence
the contract
between Great Britain and the Col • onies. It is the basis of
the enactments,
whether
Parliamentary or Colonial, on the
subject. From this principle, lam persuaded, the Colonial
Legislature will not desire to depart. If such an attempt were
possible it would be met by the uncompromising r •
resistance of
the Government, the Parliament,
and the
peoplesi of this
Kingdom."
In your Lordship's exposition of the principle upon
which all future legislation for the Colonies should pro-
ceed, I most fully concur ' • but from your Lordship's
confidence in the Colonial Legislatures I most entirely
dissent ; and I have no doubt that your Lordship al-
ready begins to find that " the uncompromising resistance of
the Government, the Parliament, and the people of this king-
dom," has become necessary to check these Legislatures in
their inviduous designs to coerce labour, and to place the eman-
cipated slaves once more under the tyranny of their old mas-
ters. My Lord, a vast weight of responsibility rests upon you
at the present moment, and I trust your Lordship will have
both the energy and courage to meet the crisis as becomes a
Minister of the British Crown.
Already, as your Lordship must be aware, the most ob-
jectionable laws have been passed in Jamaica, Barbadoes,
British Guiana, St. Kitts, &c., to redress vagrancy—to re-
gulate the hiring of servants—to eject negroes from their do-
miciles—to arm the local Magistracy and the police with uncon-
stitutional powers—to prevent the sale of various commodi-
ties—to secure continuous labour, and to depress wages; in
fact there is no end to the points which have already been
taken up in the Vagrant and Police-laws—the Contract and
Combination-laws—the Trespass and Highway Acts, which have
already received the sanction of the Executive in various colonies,
and which are now in full operation. My Lord, I have no hesita-
tion in saying that should these infamous laws unfortunately ob-
tain the sanction of the Crown, and.by that means become the
permanent laws of these colonies, the negroes will again be
reduced to the condition of serfs, be compelled to toil for a
scanty subsistence, and be subjected for a variety of offences to
exorbitant fines—to long imprisonments—to unlimited whip-
pings--and even to transportation for life.
It is not little surprising, my Lord, that the representatives
of her Majesty, in the colonies, should have given their sanction
to such laws as those to which I have directed your Lordship's
attention, and I am driven to the conclusion that these
functionaries arc either incompetent to the fulfilment of their
high duties, or, that they are utterly regardless of the positive
instructions which they have received from your Lordship and
those who preceded you in office ; and that in either case they
ought to be recalled, and those who would act with greater
firmness and honesty be sent forthwith to these dependencies
of the Crown, to replace them.
In the meantime, it becomes absolutely necessary that your
Lordship should peremptorily require for the protection of the
negroes, and for the satisfaction of the British public, that
henceforth all laws passed by the Legislatures in the char-
tered colonies, should contain a suspending clause, or, at all
events, that the period at which such laws shall be made to
take effect, shall be so remote as to afford her Majesty in
Council ample time for exercising her Majesty's prerogative of
disallowaree, if that course should be thought necessary ; and
that the Executive in the Colonies should be instructed to
consider this as an inflexible rule for their future guidance.
The justiceof arrangement
61, your Lordship has Hereto-
fore acknowledged—the necessity of such a course your Lord-
ship cannot now dispute.
I have the honour to be, my Lord,
Your Lordship's obedient, humble servant,
* *
