Presidential chair the inflexible and uncompromising opponent
of every attempt on the part of Congress to abolish slavery in
the district of Columbia, against the wishes of the slaveholding
States ; and also with a determination equally decided to resist
the slightest interference with it in the States where it exists.'
I submitted also to my fellow citizens with fullness and frank-
ness the reasons which led me to this determination. The re-
sult authorizes me to believe that they have been approved and
arc confided in by a majority of the people of the United States,
including those whom they most immediately affect. It now
only remains to add, that no bill conflicting with those views
can ever receive my constitutional sanction."
MARTIN VAN BUREN'S veneration for the wis-
dom of our ancestors would not discredit a professor
in the Han•lin-yuen University. No member of the
Le-poo Board could argue more forcibly against an
infringement of the immemorial etiquette of the Celes-
tial Court, than does the new President of the Unitcd
States against the removal of an anti-christian and in-
human despotism, not sanctioned, but tolerated by his
illustrious predecessors in office. " The system," ex-
claims the President, " never till the present period
disturbed the tranquility of our common country"
—it .ought, therefore, and must be maintained.
This has been the language of oppression—of the
most debasing despotism in all ages and nations. The
knout is defended in Russia on the plea that the
system works admirably—that it silences all rude
clamours on the part of the people—and that such an
instrument of punishment ought to be regarded in the
light of an executive legacy bequeathed to posterity by
the wisdom of the illustrious Czars of a past age. A
similar defence is urged in favour of bastinadoing and
impaling in Turkey ; and the Holy Alliance has prac-
tically informed Europe that ignorance being
better supported by precedent, and patient acquiescence
under every form of government than knowledge, it
would be impious to seek its removal by the dissemina-
tion of liberal opinions. Tyranny ever " works well"
till the oppressed are in a condition to retaliate upon
their oppressors. The penal system " worked well"
in Ireland till the Roman Catholics became too power-
ful to be longer coerced with impunity, and then it was
discovered that it would work no longer. The rotten
borough system " worked well" in England, till the
people became too strong for the Lords and the Bo-
rough-mongers ; and then it became evident that
" working well" in the mouth of a Government meant
no more than the successful oppression of a people
• under a system of policy too intricate to be compre-
hended by the multitude, or so stringent as to silence
the murmurs of discontent. When TIBERIUS GRAC-
CII us—one of the finest orators and- most disinterested
patriots that the Roman Republic ever gave birth to—
, attempted the revival of the Licinian Law, which
limited the lands held by Roman citizens to 500
• acres—•what was the objection made to so equitable a
proposition made by the Senate ? Why that the law,
having for two centuries and a half been trampled
upon by the Patricians with impunity, ought not
to be revived ; inasmuch as the robbery of the poorer
citizens had not been followed by the insurrections
predicted by the original author of so short-lived an
innovation ; and likewise because the law itself would,
if passed, effect a change in, a system which the Se-
nate assured the Tribune worked admirably well. This

very system, however, finally contributed, more than all
the other abuses put together, to the overthrow of a
Republc, which was supposed to rest on a basis as
ioyerishable as the world itself. Thus, sooner or

later, the most powerful States are severely punished
for crimes committed against the natural rights of
mankind. •

We can, and do, most conscientiously assure the
people of the United States that it is with pain
we find ourselvez. compelled, in the humble dis-
charge of our public duty, thus severely to reflect.
on the system of domestic policy adopted by their su-
preme Magistrate. We had hoped that an abhorrence
of slavery prevailed among the majority of 'the inhabi,
tants of the several States—that a community so fe-
verishly anxious to display its love of liberty abroad
could not be so ignorant or so insincere ac to foster the
most degrading of social despotisms at home—that,
in a word, the opportunity, not tile inclination, was
wanting to wipe from the brow of the Federal Go-
vernment the disgraceful and accursed stain of domestic
slavery. Wc leave then to the Americans themselves
to imagine the surprise and astonishment with which
we read the declaration of MARTIN VAN BurtEN,
respecting the opinions of the majority of his constitu-
ents upon the Slave question. This body being com-
posed of a select number of the most influential persons
in the several States of the Union, has, by its sanction
of the perpetuation of slavery, painfully convinced us,
that with all their boasted intelligence the great bulk
of.the Americans have yet to learn in what true liberty
consists. They deserve not to be called freemen who
enslave their fellow-creatures.

The Paris Journals of Sunday have been received.
They contain no news of any interest., except that
letters have been intercepted, which prove that a good
understanding exists between the pseudo-courts of
Estella and Goritz. This has alarmed the KING,
whom, we are informed, Don CARLOS assured of the
contrary. On the Ist of May there will be a review
of the troops of the garrison of Paris, in honour of
the KING'S birtladay ; immediately after which the
Duke of ORLEANS will set out for the frontier, to
meet the Princess his bride. The King and Queen of
the BELGIANS will grace the nuptials with their
presence.

The following intelligence from the Spanish frontier,
includes all that is of the slightest moment in these
Journals :

All the journals of Bayonne, and all the letters from the
frontiers, agree in stating that the preparations for the Carlist
expedition intended to be sent to Castile, are prosecuted at
Tolosa and Guipuscoa with great activity.
The Government and the Generals of the Queen must
hasten to strike a decisive blow against Don Carlos, for in the
state in which Spain new is there is every reason to fear a new
crisis, the consequences of which may be even more serious
than the preceding. Without believing all the exaggerations
of the Carlist journals respecting the revolutionary movements
at Barcelona, Valencia, Saragossa, Madrid, and Cadiz, it is,
however, to be remarked that a degree of fermentation prevails
in all those cities, which would inevitably break out in a dreadful
manner at the first advance of the Carlist army, or the first
check received by the Queen. Baron de Meer, Captain-
General of Catalonia, has sent his resignation to the Govern-
ment ; and it is even said that without waiting for an answer
he.proposes to have his place taken by Parregno or Pastor
He intends to quit Barcelona, where the public tranquillity is
every moment in danger of being disturbed.
Marshal Lobau is seriously indisposed. A Journal says that
this circumstance has suggested to some persons the idea of
placing the Prince Royal at the head of the National Guard.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, APRIL 21.
Bills. Money.
Austrian MetoPiques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 per cent. —
Di,' _ ditto 3 per cent.
Liao Bank Shares 1338 1336
Anglo-Russian Loan lO3 104%
Paper Inscription, 6 jpercent —
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent. 46
Ditto, 3 per cent. 29
Dutch IY, per Cents. 52% 52
Ditto 5 per Cents —
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets 154% 1544
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 71% '7l 4
Norwegian Loan of 1834, 4 per cents,
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent
•reek 4 per cents. 1833, guaranteed by France 93 11*2
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, APRIL 21.-13 11U ; two months, 13 94.
STocanoLsi, APRIL 14.—Two months, 12 2.
St:atm APRIL I3.—Throe nr.inths, a. 214.
BREMEN, APRIL 18.—Two months, 836 7.
—Hamburg Papers, April 21.

Madrid Journals of the 14th instant announce the
defeat of Ministers on the nineteenth article of the
Constitution, which proposed that Senators should
be elected for life, and that their services should be
gratuitous. When the article was put to the vote,
there appeared eighty-three votes for, and ninety-one
against it. The effect of this defeat upon the Cabi-
net was not known when the mails left Madrid. CA-
LATRAVA was again Eteriously indisposed.
