ment is placed in a similar position by Mr. Fector and i administration by the mere laws and innate powers of
Mr. Donald Maclean. I hope I give no offence to any I the Constitution, during times of considerable perils
one of those Gentlemen, because I have placed together I and times of great. excitement.—( Hear, hear.) You
the climax and anti-climax of the Opposition.—(Laugh-
ahave
(iI a
seensk you that experiment)
tile
rthe cn
triedo st iit n the presentti mess
not come out of the ordeal untouchedt
i,
ter.) And now, Gentlemen, I pass on to th an
fl
recess. I uof
and England
ha
unscathed?
The recess is the Carnival of the Opposition. It is I —(Loud cheers.) You have heard, too, in former
during the recess they luxuriate in calumny, and revel times (with respect to another subject) that unless
fences,of-
infe which wererilff cnot offences of great atrocity, butt
prediction. They are then the proximate Govern- .
ment.—(Laughter.) Nothing can exceed the property, and
unless idti tt;ien ncorite
gureaof
degree, ' " Isere punished un i .s.ll et Idn g
withp r o
ripeness of the period for the removal of an unworthy forgery was almost irrcinissibly punished with death,
Minister, and their standing in his room—during the there would be no security for property.—(Hear, hear.)
You have seen capital punishments reduced to such
late recess the country rung with their boasting—
degree,tf
rßrett
lwherethere were
not . ten.i capit
al punitsith-
the Government—Popish Privy Count Hors;
they had three standard grounds of accusation against a
, godless arid I ask y:ur,)a',ndtliosenweholswepre theeopponenptsreosf the
education, and the profligacy of the Court.—( Laughter.) principles and measures of Sir S. Romilly and Mr.
Gentlemen, when the session took place we were not left Mackintosh, whethe,- the fears then expressed have
long in suspense—on the first night notice was given of been justified, and whether, when human life is dearer
a motion which was to be the occasion of holding u aandteatoerur f
e lalngowe-rc r e a
tt
nu r e s
propertyhave
e found
to us
gr
?
tat
to the indignation of the people the delinquencies There is one topic d
to which I cannot but allude,
of a Whig Ministry (Laughter) but in the reminded as I am of it, by the presence of
mean time meetings were held—orders my Honourable and Learned Friend the Meni-
g'ven—
her for the Tower Hamlets.—(Loud cheers.)
restrictions laid on—certain subj .cts prajeeted —'n fact I mean the emancipation of millions of our fellow
nothing has been like it since the Ilse 13ii n wliich beings from slavery.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen,
preceded Catholic Emancipation. wen the Right when I was in opposition, the're were such serious
apprehensions entertained as to the danger of in-
Hon. Patrick Daigen in, D )ctor of L iws, and M.nn-
ber for an Irish borough, was muzzled—(Laughter)--
we securitytook ook to
no
steps property,
beyond
a .)e y
onn risk of
dd
endeavouring
1 i massacre, th
ng tnmitigataet
I have no doubt, my Lord, that you remember the horrors of slavery. But when we came into office,
that poetic epistle he addressed to his comdeer Sir we thought it our duty to investigate most carefully
John Nichol. No doubt you rembember his indignant
the subject, in order to see if the universal prine
apostrophe—
ciples of freedom must be restrained by an exception
against the African race. We found no reasons why
" Yes, muzzled was the word, Sir John, it should be so, and, therefore, we proposed
The fools hive clapped the muzzle on." to Parliament, and carried, total emancipation.—(Loud
And so, my Lord, it has been in the pre- cheers.) We have now before us the results of that
experiment ; and it is gratifying to find, that though to
sent session. Muzzles have been placed on the bold
mouths even of Privy Councillors, Doctors of Law, human
c sses t
nht
oa
ht ut r
he ,a
vuenbdeeern su cr Idi 0
ocet
dr c uwmes thaanycee so,otsotomemaekx;
and Members of Irish Burghs.--(Loud laughter.) Gen- any such excuse for the African race in the West
tlemen,these were not only the topics of those who were Indies--(Cheers)—for their conduct has been marked
called, I think it was " Orange Vagabonds," but they by the utmost subordination and attention to the rights
were the standard topics of Conservative Members of of their neighbours.—(Cheers.) And whatever else
may be said of them, at least it may be truly affirmed
the House of Commons, and if any of them venture to
that this great transiti has b effected in a manner
deny it, it is now luckily established in the House that which affords a noble exampleeen
of men who, with the
we may read an extract from a Newspaper, and I possession of freedom, have combined a respect for the
blessings of civilized society, and a regard for life and could read a number of speeches, not from the
property, which, in slavery, has never been dis-
vile Radical Press, but from the sound-hearted Con- played.—(Great cheering.) Gentlemen, such are a
servative--(Loud laughter)—speeches which, per- few of the topics upon which we have seen the
haps, were revised or reprinted by the speaker, and effects of reforming principles. Let us not lose sight
which showed that during the whole recess their sole of these examples—(Cheers)—and let us not forget
business was to excite indignation against the
that not merely in the lifetime, but in the Parliamentary
Whig Go- career of our Honourable Friend, Mr. Byng, all this
vernment. But I give them the benefit of all their has been accomplished.—(Loud cheering.) Gentle-
accusations, not because I believe them, but because I men, I take no credit to the Government—l hardly
wish to take credit to any party for this—but I say
can afford it.—(Cheers.) I grant that during the ten
t_at it is a great encouragement to all men who en-
deavour years they have been in office M her ijesty's M h
inisters deavour to work steadily and consistently in the path of
may have made an improper appointment to the freedom and in the path of justice—that whatever may
Magistracy. I grant that they may hare given be the obstacles they meet with, and whatever the dark-
an introduction to her Majesty to a mischievous ness that may at first obscure their way—there will
c visionar7. I grant that my Lord Palmerston has not come a day when brighter prospects would open, and
appointed a Consul at Cracow. I grant all this, and when they will hail the morning of a better and
more glorious era.—(Tremendous cheering.) Gentle-
yet I boldly appeal to you whether you and the men, in celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of my Hon.
great body of the people do not approve of their Friend, Mr. Byng's parliamentary life, a spectacle is
principles—(Loud cheers)—and are not of opinion that
presented which I believe no other country in the
their opponents dare not openly attack them, and after wmoernld
thewroeulhdavesubpepelny.—m(eLnouwdnn cheers.)hy their
achieve-
the einIe-
eve.
the greatest boasting have only been able to ments in arms—who by their military and naval
bring the most trifling and paltry charges services—nay, who even by their splendid ex-
against them ? I call upon you, therefore, to join with ertions in oratory, have raised themselves to a height
me in most cordially drinking the toast I have the
above the level of ordinary humanity, and who have
is
ceived all the honours of popular applause ; but it a
honour to propose—" Lord Melbourne, and her Majes- yet more distinguished honour to a man whose proud
ty's Ministers."—(Tremendous cheering.) distinction is that he has for so many years—attracted
by no aims of ambition—impelled by no interested mo-
The toast was drunk with three times three.
Lives—yet has pursued his course calmly, steadily,
Lord JOHN RUSSELL rose amidst tremendous
and consistently —to receive the approbation
cheering, which continued for several minutes. When of such an immense assemblage—as well as of
it had subsided, the Noble Lord said :—I rise those more immediately connected with him.—
to return thanks to you on behalf of Lord (Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, Ido say it with
no little pride in my country, that I believe in no other Melbourne and his colleagues, for the high honour
you have done them. I certainly shall not detain you country would there be beheld such a scene.—(Tre-
mendous cheering.) Gentlemen, wishing that the
with any answer to those nibbling accusations to which
same course may be folowed by others—hoping that
my Hon. Friend, who has done us the honour to pro- peaceful and enlightened reform may achieve other vie-
pose the toast, has alluded. But, Gentlemen, this I tories, and effect other improvements in our social
can say, that if official situation and public life have been condition, and in our political constitution and
accompanied with much labour, much anxiety, much
believing
objects
lie vinfts than thosehatnome electors
na
more
are
e w fitted
have i I too l
ongbeen promote
odium, often undeserved—(Loud cheers)— much of suchthe constituents of Mr. Byng, I shall take the liberty
misrepresentation, which, perhaps, it may be impos- of giving you as a toast. "the Health of the Reformers
sible, at the time, to answer—yet there are, on the other of Middlesex."—(Tremendous cheering.)
hand, great consolation, and among them one of the best Their Ait oN w
toasthßauvßiTngbeeL was receiveddrankwi with with all the
i honours,gatop.
and proudest is that of receiving the approbation of
plause, said, I know that in being selected to ac-
such a company as are here assembled.—(Loud cheers.) knowledge this toast, it is on account of the situation
Let me say, also, that if there is another of I hold in connection with the great, the power-
which I have often found the value, which ful, and independent party of the Radicals in
I have never felt more strongly than I have etlheicsticoonusnttrhy, who at the last election, and at previous
done this day, it is having been engaged in a cause ex- for assis;ingouing
tthepnroopnetersttofoarpptohientcmonentthveirancdharn
can to the greatest obstacles, with men whose sound appeal to our worthy Member, Mr. I'yng, if their
views of policy, whose steady devotion to their country forces were not marshalled into a compact alliance with
The concurrence, the cooperation,
one can entertain the slightest doubt of.—(Loud the Whig party, and whether they did not come for-
cheers.)
ward to a man, to support that tried, that honourable,
ship of such men, sometimes acting o-operation, the friend- and consistent Reformer.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen,
at the same time permit me to express a hope that that example will
with ourselves; and sometimes, as in the case of my be followed in other counties throughout the kingdom.
venerable Friend, whose merits we are met to celebrate—
In my opinion the Radicals and Whigs should make
pointing the way, and giving the example to others—this
doingm n t mutual
they
hceoyn ce
mayssi oi
bes ofab l
eopinion—(Cheers)—thatthemselves
nto
the
is indeed a consolition—this is indeed an encourage- position which they held previous to the carrying of
ment to proceed ; and I may say, that what- the Reform Bill.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, allow
ever may be the result of this conflict—even in the me to say that following the example which I have
myself held out to you, of not attending to the opinions
contest itself, accompanied by such men, there is
of others, but retaining my own, I and my brother Ra-
no small degree of satisfaction.—(Loud cheers.) Gen- dicals, many of whom I see here to-night, have come
tlemen, I have said I need not detain you with unneces- here to pay our respeets to our excellent and consistent
sary refutation of accusations, nor attempt to give what Member, Mr. Byng.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is not
only what he has formerly done, but it is the opinion that
I think entirely out of place here—any account of the
principles of our Administration. In the daily battles he has let fall to-night, which almost endears me to him
......(Cheers)—for he has now dashed away the cup of
in the House, we are obliged to expose—and I am
expectation from our lips, and has stepped forward as
ready to expose—because I believe them to be true— the advocate of that which I take to be a great ad-
the principles on which we act, and put them to the vantage, the extension of the suffrage, which the people
test of public opinion.—(Loud cheers.) But, gentle- are so anxious to obtain. I will not, Gentlemen, detain you
at this late hour of the night ; but this I will say, that
men, there are some things to which, from the daily
it is my most fervent wish that my Hon. Friend may
contests of public life, we are happy to look back have a long extension of his green and
honourable old
and which, on such occasions as the present, are recalled age, and that for years to come he may exhibit the
to mind—l mean the progress made by, and the diffi- same vigour which he has exhibited here to-night.
culties opposed to, such men as Mr. Byng, and which The following canzonet was then admirably sung :--
now happily no longer exist.—(Tremendous cheering.) Canzonet Michael Este, 1600
Let us recollect that when Mr. Grey proposed a Re- (" How merrily we live ")
Send merrilyaround the cheerful
glass,
form of Parliament, it was answered to him that itFill it up, and let
in bumpers it pass,
would be the destruction of our monarchical institu- Reform is our toast,—here wave her banner high ;
tution ; that when Mr. Fox objected to any en- No fears we know, but Tory threats defy,
croachment on our institutions in times of peril and For still in triumph shall our colours fly.
danger, it was said that it would be impossible Sir STEPHEN LUSHINGTON then rose, and was re-
that order could be preserved unless by measures ceived with loud applause. The Hon. and Learned
contrary to the spirit of our constitution_ Gentleman said—Gentlemen, I esteem it a high honour
that when claims were made for equal freedom to be permitted to addressyou on the present occasion,be-
and equal justice to Protestant and Roman cause I who have been so much I may say connected with
Catholic dissenting from the Church, it was my Hon. Friend Mr. Byng in the affairs of this country,
said that it was impossible we could have gained have had, above all people, a most ample opportunity
either from Protestant or Roman Catholic that love of perceiving how he has conducted himself in not only
and adherence to the Constitution which was the arduous duties which have been committed to his
arrogated by those who exclusively belonged to the charge—(Cheers)—but I have also had the pleasure
Church.—(Laughter, and cries of " Hear, hear.") Let of meeting Mr. Byng on every occasion of
us recollect when attempts were made to put an end to the charity--(Loud cheers)—and in all those assemblies
dreadful calamities of the Slave Trade,it was held that the where man meets his fellow-man upon the same equal
West Indies and our Colonies could not flourish with- footing.—(Loud cheers.) On all such occasions he
has distinguished himself, not merely by his munificence
out that trade—(Hear, hear)—that when it was pro-
posed to investigate and put an end to slavery itself, it _the largeness of a man's fortune might enable him to
do that—but by the generosity of his conduct to all who
was represented the black was incapable of those
came in contact withhim.—',Cheers.) I may appeal to
religious and moral feelings which God had given to
his more fortunate fellow-creatures.—( Loud and con-
hundreds who now bear me, and who have in common
tinued cheers.) I say, that such a day as the with myself witnessed his conduct upon such cccasions,
present brings these things to my mind, because they whether they do not know with what urbanity
were then potent, and when we look around us now and kindness he has ever conducted himself—.not
and find men almost ashamed to own that such had with that mere mockery of civility which is so common,
been once their opinions.—(Cries of " Hear, hear," but with that genuine kindness which comes from the
and cheers.) It has been our fate, my Lord, partly heart.—(lmmense cheering.) I trust I may be forgiven
in Opposition and partly as Members of the if the recollections of these transactions have led me
a
Government, to see men of those principles of away from the subject on which I was about to
which Mr. Fox was the enlightened and intrepid ad- address—if I seize this opportunity of expressing my
vocate, in which he was supported by Lord Grey and affection and reverence for him, of giving utterance to
others, and by none more steadily and consistently than my ardent hope that he may be an example to futurity,
my friend Mr. Byng—it has been our fate to see such in such a manner as that. he may benefit, not merely the
men brought into action—(Cheers)—and I do ask, not present passing generation, but that his own example
this company, but many of those who foretold that may be followe by others in days to come--
those principles were merely theoretical, and leading (Loud cheering)—for the advancement of the happi"
to the destruction of the Monarchy, what is now their ness, of the prosperity, and of the welfare
opinion, when they have seen them pract;cally brought of the people of this country.—(lmmense cheering.) I
into action ?—(Loud cheers.) I will ask first as to the will now, with your permission, proceed to execute the
principle of Reform in Parliament. Has it endangered the duty which has devolved upon me, by proposing the
Monarchy? Have the people, admitted to a greater ex- health of the Liberal Members of the House of
ereise of the elective franchise, shown a greater inclisposi- Lords.—(lmmense cheering.) The first words
tion to support the Crown and the Monarchy:?—(Cheers.) which shall escape my lips after proposing the toast
So far from it, even among the mildest
opinions, sour) shall be, would to God there were more of them.
of which have been uttered at small coteries and parties
in different quarters of the countey, with respect to any (Cheers and laughter.) I wish I could entertain a hope
that we might have some chance of seeing that expecte-
sentiments uttered against the Crown—with re- tion realised. I wish that the advance of knowledge,
spect to any sentiments calculated to weaken which has already cleared and purified the minds of the
the respect due to the young and virtuous lower classes, so as to raise them in their own estimation,
Sovereign who now reigns over us (Loud- to raise them in the opinion of their fellow-countrymen
and tremendous cheering)—if there have been such
and of the world at large, could get access within those
sentiments expressed—if there have been such calumnies
walls.—(Loud cheers.) But we have seen many un-
uttered, they have not proceeded from Reformers.—
( Vehement cheering, and cries of " No, no," from various I expected things come to pass. We have seen the very
idea of a Reform in Parliament laughed at and ridiculed.
—(Cheers.) We recollect the time when if you even insi-
parts of the theatre)—not even from those with whom
I certainly don't agree, but theyrm of Parliament was have proceeded from nuated that a Reform in Parliament was desirable, Y"
those who at the time the Refo
were put down in the book of the Secretary of State as a
under discussion ventured to doubt, and ventured to person to be distrusted, and a spy was set to watch you.
impugn the loyalty of the opinion of this kingdom.—
I remember those times, but they are gone by, and w,e
(Tremendous cheering.) Let me ask again with re- are here to celebrate the consistency of one who greatly
spect to the due administration of the constitu- assisted in bringing them about. We are "
tion ; for, let me observe, that although it may hoping for the advancement of knowledge, andw
be the duty of an Administration at any time to pro-
we will obtain it, for when the firm, manly'(..n,n pose measures of legislation, it is no less their sacred
honest opinion of the people of England is )
expressed, it is, and ought to be, irresistiblse
—(Hear.) You have seen that the Minister of former e.
duty to refrain from such legislation when it in-
.
fringes on the executive, whenever that can be avoided. What, value then ought you to set upon those
who, forming a minority for fifty years, have stood
days did not venture to undertake the conduct of the foremost in the cause of the people—have stood
