no less than 5,540,0001, the real produce of the
Customs will not exceed 9,380,0001., which,
compared with that of the last year, leaves a de-
ficiency of 708,0001. In• the Quarter, the defi-
ciency is still greater, as will be seen by the fol-
lowing

Customs' Revenue for the Quarter ending let Ja.n.
1825 - - - - £2,650,000
Quarter ending Ist Jan. 1826 - £3,420,000
The Duties transferred from the Ex.

else in the present Quarter, amount to 1,500,000

I MO,OOO

Decrease in the present Quarter - X 730,000
This, however, is, in some degree, a satisfactory
circumstance, as it shows that the deficiency
arose entirely from the late events, and being
founded on temporary causes, will cease with
their operation. The stagnation of trade during
the last month has caused vast quantities of mar-
chandize to be locked up' in warehouses. These
will now be poured into their accustomed
channels with more than usual abundancy,
and the Revenue of the next Quarter will
benefit from, and compensate for, the exi-
guity of this. A diminution has also taken
place, we understand, in the Excise ; but
this has been occasioned by the indis-
position of the distillers to operate more than
absolute necessity required, until the anticipated
reduction in the rate of duty on British spirits
shall commence, which will be the case on the
4th of next month. A 'though it would have
been a far more pleasant task to announce a
continued increase in our Revenue : yet when the
causes of the diminution are so clearly proved to
be temporary, the 'fact is only calculated to ex-
cite a passing regret—not the remotest degree
of alarm.

NORNING CIUtONICIA.]
The Paris Papers of Friday contain extracts
from an Avantpropos of seventy pages, •prefixell
by M. De thateaubriand to a new edition of his
Note on Greece. It is an able and eloquent
pleading for the unfortunate Greeks. It appears
from it, that M. De Chateaubriand is of the num-
ber of those who believe that the policy of Alex-
ander will not be ftillowed. by his successor.--
"The death of the Emperor Alexander," he says,
" has changed the position of things; Alexander,
already old on the throne, had twice traversed
'Europe at the head of his armies; a warrior-paci-
`ficator, he had, in adopting a particular conduct,
that preponderance which triumphs, age, suCcoss,
and the habit of governing naturally give. Will
his heir follow the same policy ?—Will it be
possible for him to do so, even if he were in.
dined ? Will he not find it more easy and more
safe to return to the national policy of his 'Em-
pire—to be a Rustle'', rather than a Frenchman,
Englishman, Austrian, or Prussian ?—ln that
case Greece would be assisted. What a, noble
debut for a Prince in the royal career to make
the enfranchisement of Greece, the deliverance
of so many unfortunate Christians, the first act of
his reign I What popularity and eclat for the
rest of his reign ? It is,.perhnps, the only kind
of glory which Alexander left for his successor
to term . . . . And would not
Constantine then be the friend of hls brethren
in Religion ? there no contegreir to- be
braved, nor contlagration to be extinguished,
nor victim to
.be saved in the Morea ? Con.
stantine will know this :--the people find in
his name a presage, and in his character a
guarantee for the deliverance of Greece." Whe—
ther„ in this passage, Wile Chateaubriand 'has
proved himself a true Prophet, remains to be
seen ; that he is a skilful Cannier, is, we think,
placed beyond a doubt. The faults of the Greeks
have not been without their effect in cooling the
ardour of their friends in this part of Europe, M.
-do Chateaubriand 'has, we think, given en anon-
severable argument to those who 'lige these faults as
a reason for perpetuating the causesuf them. "After
all, in the present struggle of theGreeksand Turks
we are not called to judge. of the relative virtues
of the two nations, but of the justice of the cause
which has placed arms in the hands of the
Greeks. If the Greeks have vices which slavery
has given to them, the iniquity would he to force
them to support that. slavery on account of the
very vices which' they owe to that slavery. De-
stroy the cause, you will destroy theeffeet. Do
not calumniate the Greeks because you do not
wish to assist-them; 'to justify yourselves for be-
ing a friend of•the executioner, do nut accuse the
victim'. However there is in a Christian nation, from
the .very circumstance of its being Christian, more
of, the principle of order, more moral qualities,
than in a Mehometan nation. Though The Turks
were to have some of the particular virtues
which the habit of commanding bestows, and
which the Greeks may not have, still they pas-
, gess fewer of the public virtues which enter into
' the composition of society:. 'For this reason
alone, Europe ought .to prefer a people who
conduct themselves according to the regenerate
ing laws of intelligence, to a people who are
every where the destroyers of civilization:" It
does not reflect much honour
,on the Governments
of Europe, that they have allowed this .struggle
to continue so long ; and if Constantine 'should
appropriate the best part of Turkey in Europe
to himself, while iw free i the Greeks, it would
be a justpunishmeut of some of the Christian Go-
vernments who in4,4ht so easily have rescued the
Greeks front destrction.

The, Judges, we undcrstand, will arrive in
Maidstone to open the Special Assize for this
County,
,on Monday afternoon, and the Jury
will be sworn in. on 'Tuesday tnorning.—(Kszttith
Gozette.)

It is said, that a Noble Personage, whose
estates lie in different counties, has given notice
to his stewards and tenant!, that. we will not 'ac-
cept the local notes of any country banks what-
ever, in payment of his rents.

We have authority to state, that Messrs.
CLARKE end PIMAPs are making up their ac.
counts to the gist instant, which will then lie
submitted to some of their principal creditors,
under whose sanction they intend' to wind up
their ((Airs, and discharge all demands upon
them, as speedily as the nature of their assets will
permit.--(Lekester Journal)
