aOURT • CIRCULAR.

Tice Duke of Mune.lnuit, attended by Colonel Kurt,
sue of his Equerries, reviewed the two battalions of she
Coldstream Regiment of Foot ()turd', of which regiment
his Royal flighneass is Colonel, in 4o Perk, youerdey
morning. The troops vow under the command of Lieut.-
Colonel hi'DonaLt..

Hit 'Royal Highness, attended by Colonel Pear; lett
town in his carriage and four, about one o'elnek 'yesterday
afternoon, on a visit to their Maa ewes, at the Pekoe, at
Brighton. Previous to leaving town, the Duke ofBusfax
paid a visit to his Royal Highness, at Cambridge House.

The Duke of WELmtraroN arrived in town yesterday
afternoon, from Widmer Castle, Kent. Ilia Orace
mediate!), proceeded to bit Office, at the Tre astir where
the Earl of AlltiltDEßN had en interview with the Not&
Duke, Count Ma'rousitavrrz, the
lied subsequently a confertmeo with his Grace. Ilia Ex-
cellency afterwards went to the Foreign Office, and haul situ
interview with the Earl of Anannago.

Lord nu Ut.3.IICRAII transacted i)uainetilk yertvrday ttt the
Foreign Office.

ROYAL Co ND ESOENSION.---it WAS lately Ittl-
mum! by it St. Peteralutrgit Journal, that "jtia MAJvaY
was graciously pleased, during hie buy at Warsaw, in
eitjo,y excelktit health."

ruin.
When an unexampled act of violenee, insulting
to the most sacred right of all independent nations,
succeeded, in 1823, in subverting the political ie-
stitutions Which Spain hail founded,- which her no.
starch hail confirmed, and under 'which' we had been
governed for three years,, ecknowledged by all to-
reigu Powers, the King in the most solemn metier,
and while at perfect
,liberty to take and announce
publicly, if he chose, a detertehettion to piss over
to the head-gum-tyre' ,of theAettemy, tpoetimeously
declared his desire ""to. binlah,botnthe.kingdom
vengeancoand , persecution, to unite all epirrioteeeto
re-establish among all Spaniards tranquillit
deuce, and union, so necessary for. ill.' mum"'
good," and spontaneously promiied, tunsinfuother
things, " to adopt a government which tritoulse make
the happiness of the nation etenplistiel giving se-
entity to person and property, anti civil liberty ,to
all Spanierdse."
How has this promise, expressly guaranteed erode
the faith and security of the .Itoyal wont been fee,
filled ? The pen was still wet which signmethat
declaration, when another, emanatiog-from the canto
King, discheied to us that he had become the heed
of a party ; that the rest of the Spaniards had no-
thing else to expect but persecution and misfort imp ;
and that his' Government was intended to be more
oppressive than ever. Abandoned to passion—the
tool of a faction and of femele intrigues—supported
by a foreign Power to the disgrace of national in-
dependence and honoundeclaring a war of eater.
minution against patriotism and knowledge—intro-
ducing or fomenting the most horrible emuchy, itt
order to harem us against each other—shernelesdy
trampling on all law, and even on the uppeaniece of
justice—you have seen this Government convert
Spain into a prison, sacrlice hundreds of victims,
proscribe others by theireinds, and condemeher to
degradation end misery numbers of deserving men,
who had served their country end their King with
honour, and who could only be charged with having
done their duty. You have seen the nation insulted
in the person of its repro.entatives, who were treated
worse than critninals, because, faithful to their rids-
don and oaths, they endeavoured to prevent tint
King tilling into the Never of the ooproy. You
have seen what pains were taken-to demoralise the
public, in order that they, Who had non n excite-
meet, might ;eke edventage of it ; and how much
the church of Christ was profaned by being converted
into a school of. ferocity and barbarity.
But despotism was not satisfied with holding the
scourge over those whom it looked upon as enemies
because they were lovers of liberty. Ever ungrate-
ful, even to its own servants, you have sects how
miserably, it rewarded those who, hesitating in their
loyalty and ideas of public good, questioned the pro-
priety of the King possessing unlimited power."""
Cntalonia has flowed with their blood, end multi-
tudes of Spaniards lenient their lost country itt
prisons or in foreign countries.
Upon all calamity has fallen, excepting the few
who live by public misfortunes. All the Attics
Which it was endeavoured to reform have been re-
established to a greater extent than cror, and the
gates which it was tried to open for your !whisky
and prosperity have bred closed ; and, Spaniards!
you are placed at the mercy of judges authorized to
inflict what plushy they please, provided they
blindly lend themselves to, the will of the Govern.
ment. You are to be illegally loaded nitb imposta
disproportioned to your means, felling swore heavily
upon the poor consumer than upon the rich Moll.
But besides these, besides being oppressed is thou-
sand ways in their collection and in the exaction of
arrears, new and still more illegal extortions—new
monopolies, and new works, and endless vexations,
-e-ruinous speculations, in which those who govern
you, and even some of the Royal family, engage,
in order to divide your spoils among them,—pernie
cicious privileges put up to sale, or unjustly given
away,—the fifths multiplied unnecessarily and (Hs-
proportionately,—have caused your misery, to reach
its highest point. And for what are so Meny.siseri-
flees to be made? The fruit of your toil is dissi-
pated among parasites, who render you no service,
and who look down with proud disdain upon you
from the circle of a haughty
.Court, which insults
the public misery by iniquitous intrigues ligainet the
good of other countries, and by expeditions beyond
sea, capriciously undertaken, which can never prove
of any use to the nation, and which are the derision
of both hemisphere'. Your sons are, in cense-
(pence, dragged forth either ingloriously to perish
in :pestilent climates, or witlessly to woggle with
such sad results as the events which have taken
place nt Tampico exhibit, to the eternal ignominy
of the Government. From hatred to liberty, and
to the scandal of the whole world, your money has
been squandered, in order to ferment civil war ie a
friendly country, on which its Kieg had bestowed
free institutions; and your governors, .not content
with working evil in secret, have openly projected
rebellion, forced you into war, and made the name
of Spain be pronounced with hatred throughout all
Europe.
Look at your agriculture ruined in the midst of
abundance ,by this pernicious Government. LoOk
at the mournful state of itOMlTirreo, and the other
branches of industry. The capital %% tech shoeld
give it life has partly vanished from this disgratied
*oil in consequence of fierce persecution, and, has,
from fear of derpotisms partly sought employment
in foreign countries, where a great number of our
capiedists, in the enjoyment of security, are so many
living proofs of the fatal-effects of the system which
tyrannizes over the country.
And in the mean time, Spaidards, the national
credit—that credit which is the honorer arid
Irtirtei-
pal wealth of states—to whet a diogroerhit Vote Into
it riot been reduced by the otter incepeeity am" im-
morality of your rulers, who. nor reginlling any
obligation, hove considered the must. MOO men-
sures as indifferent, provided greater Atoms, were
supplied for their dissipation! Cheated by the de.
ceitful appearances; exhibited by extravagance, you
do not perceive within the kitigtione perhaps, the
whole extent of this .moat senora evil. But go
forth end :Maim your inquiriea in other countries,
especially infilie neighbouring one of France, and
you will weep tears of blood tOleern that your aO.
velment is looked upon es tt bend of robbers;'
transactions in i
credit
isn irair the.s
sly
perinxeeliupdaTicoftrnomme rainaT places,
elfaplttnt,ritio,t(titiiihrt:4l:vialcierlotiterte:y,ir.idi:stoeltaniti;:ibettilitsigitayr*eclito,ant:?atadorotirerdpftyoeVorsidineateehtrilyti.rin,lhgysbssieneiyhinhei
dtaareressrett4l.otelci,:ni,steswritio,litvfelelitB46ll::::oni:uy:l:ii
erlylrei tt:
!natty
itaolyd en:fans::
ieeldu:s independence,e:a'r;totc:ieesilnrNii‘t:iil
ofb iypersone,
v )114;:si
d:(1,
itttlwveris
ry,
in tits kingdom,
luiji4el s a
abort tuna
rrdmtohtt ::4111.;144;ill
and respect in other battens,r' 4141 glory
o
and the title of King of 'le
poi tier reputattnit eat
• Manifesto of the Kies "tie the uatit,m

_ ,

~~)

111

:h

Which is of such high importance to the subjects—
that title which has been everlastingly dishonoured
by those who surround the throne—has become
derepised and hated among the people, no leas to the
prejudice of the nation, than to the discredit of the
majesty of all other monarchs.
Deltoid here, Spaniards, the fetal frtritl of arbitrnry
power—of power, which, destroying- those who en'•
+lure it, is generally not less unfortunate' to those
who exercise it, or rather to those in whose name it
is exercised ; for, in such case, Princes, possessed
of less liberty and effective control than ever, be-
come nothing else but the instruments of the wicked
persons who surround them. Arbitrary power re-
duced the Monarchy from the high and powerful
condition in which it-formerly stood, to thc, state in
svhich it was left by Gorky. Arbitrary power •rle.
stroyed Charles IV., notwithstanding his goodness
, of heart, end launched Spain into a sea of troubles.
The favourers of this power converted Ferdinand
into a bad son, a conspirator against his King and
country; and scarcely had he occupied the throne
• when they made him lose it, and so far dishonotir it
as to throw himself at the feet of an implacable
enemy. They then abandoned him in the disgrace
to which they had precipitated him; and if some s!i
accompanied him, it was only ,fOr the purpose of ile7
grading him still mores--to congratulate the usurper
of his throne,—to beg its a mendicant for a family
alliance with his oppressor,—to boast of the tide of
vassal to that oppressor; and to. felicitate him on
the advantages he gained over us, while we, with
unbroken and unexampled loyalty, were spilling our
blood to preserve the throne to the King, who had
forsaken, and who then ungratefully disavowed us.#
Meanwhile the nation, desolate and bereaved, in
order to prevent bad. Governments from still further
injuring her, re.assembled the Cortes,• conformably
with what public necessity required, and accordingly,
other King
.had resolved at Bayonne, "when he saw
himself ruined from the want of them ; and in the
• most legitimate manner re-e4ubbehert and reduced
to 4 regular and.uniform systems her ancient and fun-
damentui law, the oblivion of Welt had brought Us
to the brink of a precipice. -Those laws seat pro-
claimed and sworn to with enthusiasm and 'rejoicing., as
you well remember, and were seleinnly recognised by fo-
reign powers. limier that, system we began to prosper,
end with the help of god and that of , our allies, the
triumphed over the enemy, and succeeded in rescuing oar
King. But they who six years bolero hiufled hint on ie
destruction, the ominous setellitee of arbitrary power,
again surrounded hint, mid, employing treason and the
vilest calumnies, abusing the enthusiasm with Which the
Spaniards bad received their desired Monarch, they make
him exhibit himself before the whole world as the most
ungrateful of men, begin his reign with decree* of blond
and prescription, and reward our heroic loyalty with
riming, and the patriotism and energy which had just pre.
served hint with dungeons and verso:Atom,
In order once again to enthrone arbitrary power, it was
thought necessary to add to crime and violence the mupt
hateful mockery, nel a toyed decree, which its twitters hid
filled with the most impudent felsehneds, in ennouncing to
the nation the subversion of its institutions, solemnly de-
clared that the King " abbot nal and detested despotism,"
and promiod the reestablishment of the Cortes, and alert
of " laws framed with their consent which should for the
future govern the country; and that liberty and security,
both individual and royal," should be firmly etettred.f
How the Wile has turned out, how the words of the King
have been kept, you know Spaniarde—you wlo bad so
much to deplere in the six succeeding years. Prisons choked
up with victims ; tribunals overturned, to substitute in
their plaoe sanguinary commissions , your representatives
entombed in cungeons, and together with other patriots
condemned, without trial, without hearing oven, by die
mere orders of the King, to death, or other punishments
even more severe than death itself; pojory und calumny
encouraged; the most infamous inform.ta loaded with
favour and reward ; the ferocious Inquisition re-eatabliehed ;
totture renewed; your deserving defenders treated wit!,
contempt ; and many of them reduced to famine ettil
nakedness; the kingdom, governed by Came:Dias, waging
war against emit other ; the glory and consideration Malt
we g,iited with so Much +wet in the preeecileg rlrnggle,
lust in one moment ; Bpsin held as nothing, awl excluded
from the consoltatiotts of Europe; the public sale of the
favours ef the trictvernmeot ; +thin ; 111)-
141;111A corruption, sod univet sal misrule; smell were the
gibe+ yen received from tune who plotested that he desiPul
) tfovern yont as a pike.-
At length the statist, Well! Wary of bit notch nuffering,
and raised her voice agaiost despotism. 'in it other.
couretty has had reels just eauso 'et do su ? Nevertheless,
ever geoorou., loyal, aed moderate, it edi,d, out only,
against The vices of Govt rnment, preserved rho greatest re-
spect for the person and legitietare.euthority of the King,
and stained by no excess that memorable change,. Your
oppressors, terrified by the national clamour, again at.
tempted to deceive you, end again offered to 'assemble the
Come; but it was too tales They were now too well
known. The nation proclaimed the ini,titotiens, whish
had bean overthrown by. force and perfidy, awl the King,
united with her, ernifetteed theft be, hat! been 'deceived,
adopted and swore fidelity to anal, anal etwarnandol theist
to be observed.
In vain stif.interest eorleavottra to persuade teeth!
, that this rising was teamed to 4 few trnhjm
The repeated though onsuceesttful attempts wit;ch wept
made previous to 11320, plainly show what the riatiotod
feeling was; 4n41 that feeling nrati afterwards strongly
itneriesel by the fin:which attended some bodies of military,
San were ,either &Stole! or hoirged, by superior forceer
Without hope of alleentlr, when the provinow
ously rasa in the most distant parts Of the,lchigelom, and
demanded the Cormitntion of ISt lee
What the real wish of the natirtowas is snifieiently
evident front the joy whit which the King's pox:lan-Wien
wet. received, from the acid and order with which the
people proceeded to elect their ale putle*, 41141 frOni tie ell-
thusiasm which aecomnanied the opening I,l' the Conetitu-
timed Cotton In the urldet of thou Co' irk. yen Inbeld
the Monarch once more wear fhtehty to your laws, in the
face of Curd and man, atel'iltelerelhat that it iy hand iwer,
the object of his met fervent' wishee.t What coercion
ran it be said compelled that act, when he experienced none
lmt sentiments of love and gratitude from the Cortex, and
Applause and benedietione from the people? The King
bring then in the enjoyment of perfect Liter 117, all Bum-
ie„„ powers again recognised the restored Government;
and we, generous and eonfiding, either Intryieg in oblivion
all the evils we hail tuffered in, the six inerailieg years, or
not attributing those evils to the Ling, hf,,rc h the most
unlimited confidence in bis words and oatlnt, while our
'opprestors experienced from those they lied oppromeal
swathing hut generosity, for they were ready to sacrifice
every thing for the sake of concord, and the salutary prin-
ciples acceding to which we were again to tie governed.
Then a bright period, of tranquillity and happineas
broke upon I:stirl. • and the Corn*, cordially uniting
with the King's Spain.;
were constantly, Were'
tigably, and sealoubly employed in bettering your condi-
tion, sod in preparing a Most gratifying prospect for the
future. Bat the 'King, Seeming., was not, like you,
• sincere in the oaths lie had taken ; and without firmness,
if they were opposed to hi* wish, to rehear them ; or frank•
miss, if the tit-established laws anywise displeased bint, tat
attempt their reformation in the regtilar way, be chose
the ignoble anti fatal part of duplicity. Again, butt in se-
(let, the enemies of the 'midi() weal, and the levers of se.
bitrary power,. joined an rotendlifley over Lim, slut began
to disturb the union between the reformere of the State,
embarrass the proceedings of the Cortes, awl frustrate the
beneficial effects of the laws they were enaiting. While
the Monarch, too, ostensibly manifested a cordial adhesion
to those laws, multiplied spentaneintsly, end even oil.
(timely, seeuritiee for his good faith;- end freely authorised
all the acts of Government, lie was *weedy conspiring,
as you now well know, against them, and exciting
WarbbbfrOVOkiitir excettsis, on purpose to stigmatise them
es the AIM of .liberty--stud endeavoutiog, by every
means, to introduce disorder into the Wire atiministrs-
The mite, hand which was thee stirriug up rebel-
lion, also signed the order, for per., cult ig rind punish-
Irse those who were embroiled in ; and be who
porpoaely originated 'dissension, afterwarde affected
to corn/dein Of it. Stich conduct, as might naturally
be "littmted, irritated the minds of the people. Discos.
tent ittereased in prepoolort as foul machinations were em-
Pbledr WI the fiction, whose prosperity is public vale-
ioity, went alknit exciting discord throughout the king-
then, spre tiling in acid directions the foulest esinnutkatt
shunning the
_consulate's, of tome, th,troying the just Joy.
nity or others, mot malting us, who Wlne nest nod ought
not to he otherwise then 'Module, !orbit on each other its
sat oiouy. atr. Seleierds, were w r
croups means employed by themi aexu...
low their blood
thirstiness, evert whet,
iu prat-
portion to the' ifintlernann awl ebytiencyrgrti
ore.- Yen -were wltoesses hOW. intinso howdy rehr p'vpii
lailitidy and with what sestsilatoutrdsting She.. vt:tylat,4l-:
I Ferdinand's Letters to Napoleon, ,2‘14 pom
August, Me; Bird 4th or Apra, situ.ustt
Pearce, Mai 4, 1814, •
The King's seer:o'on opening the Casts to UM •

of t‘.. the Government was besieged. You were
also witness of the atrocious baseness with which, upon
the defeat of a deserving corps to which every species of
raduction had been offered, its chief corrupters delighted
:to etre it punished, end even derided it in its misfortunes.
These incendiaries, finding how impotent they were to
overturn a system :of government supported by its own
legitimacy and, merit, and by the great majority of the
nation, did not hesitate to commit the most horrible crime
that could be perpetrated towards a country,—a crone the
must abominable in the eyes of all men, who have the
least idea of national honour or independence—namely, to
appeal to the armed intervention of a foreign power, and
instigate it to inviule the Spani.li territory.
Let us not awaken resentment by bringing back to re.
collection the conduct whieh other Govettiments pursued
towards us.- it is well known,' and the world has already
judged it. The obligations to us, by which they were
recently bound, the positive acts of recognition of our
system, the most solemn treaties, the first principles of
the laws Of nations. the most indisputable riglitio of the
whole people—time very seine rights which have now been
recognised in a much greater degree with respect to Greece
—all was merged in batted of our liberty, which bad of-
fended, which had wronged no one. Money was prodi-
gaily scattered about to involve us in a civil war; every
kind of machination nerd to affix on us the imputation of
having cauSed itimiension ; and, finally, a foreign army.
without first &daring war, inyathal peaceful anti innocent

head of

Spain. That army, invited by Spaniards, bad its van.
en.ad or auxiliaries formed of Spardards, and your very
King, at the moment of calling upon you to take up arms
against the invarlervi beeretly urged them to Intranet., keep-
ing you at the same time in a th-fenceless state, sent forth

vow; for par tlittabters. and omitted nothing to cover the
national banners with ignominy. .0h ! eternal blot in our
hivtory ! How deeply ought we not to Wilt for having
lived in Ninth a Cute!

Still our foreign and donwslieenernies would not have

gained much success from their confederation; had they
not, by corrupting some, and seducing or deceiving others,
succeeded, in disuniting almost all ; and had not three Oe.
trends, to whom had been confided the national defence,
been:guilty of the Most perfidious tr. awn. The constitu-
tional Government being thus embarrassed, • and its autho-
rity nullified by AO many misfortunes, disposse,sed at last.
of territory, without an army or re.ources of any sort;
having at its bead a King, who was its greatest enemy,
Arius,
to dissolve it.elf, in order to avoid the disgrace of vilely
'renting with the invaders. We were sold, sacrificed
hut not comito.red.. Those who raised the song of vie-
tniy should: alone blush at their triumph, and bold down
their heads in shame at the recollection of the artifices they
used against us.

At last those laws which, though not perfect, served
to guarantee our rights, were thus scandalously subverted.
And -what has been substituted in their stead, unless it be
the power of violating every decree and every Lisv ? The
Monarchs who unifed against our constitution, when they
interfered, spoke to us not of destroying, but of reforming
it. What measures have they taken with the Kiug since
absolute power was lint into his hands, to induce bins either
to reform the constitution, or to establish another more suit-
able ? Repeatedly and in the Most soh inn manner the chief
of the invading army declared in the name of his Government
that tar from coming to restore dtspotism, they came
to rroist us in obtaining a more free and stable Go-
vernment. " The, wishes of his Monarch." he said,
addressing ours, " were, that by the convocation of the
old Cortes he aloha(' guarantee to his people order,

justice, and good government ; to consolidate which
France and her allies will la all in their power."—(Duke
of Angouleme's letter to the King, August 17, 1821)
To the nation he promised, in expreim terms, that '' the
King should immediately grants Constitutional Government,
in harmony with the welfare of the state and the intelli-
gence of the age—a Government, not by Cortes with separate
estates, but by an equal representation in 011 the pro-
vinces. The interest of France, he protested, required that
this kind of government should be established in Spain for
her tranquillity and repose."—(official conferences of the
Duke of Aneouleme awl Generals Bourde.soulle and Guil-
leminot (authorised by the Duke) with General Alava, the
King's Plenipotentiary, At Puerto de Santa Maria, Sept.
_ .

7, 1826.)—i10w have all these formal plolges been ful-
filled ? 'rho results which you have amtiae.l so dearly will
show better than any thing what was the real object of the

fatal interference. Those results show what u n aloft has
to expext who trusts to foreigners for.roe core of her mitt-
fiirturo s. th,vrivr us of liberty, they ioterfertil in the
interval aittifs of an independent
nation, whidt did nut
meddle with t!.e government of others, When they saw
us once more beneath the yoke, they abandoned us to the
mercy of despotirm'and an factiOn, arid never thought
of interfering to alleviate nue oppresaiom ' It is usually re-
garded as a crime in ,subjects to seek, to save themielves,
and to obtain laws cideulatedio ensure their welfare'; but'
when their sovereigns are a calamity to them,.--when they
Are reduced to theatete in ,which Spain is—when, instead
of chiefs and fathers, they ate tyrants rind executioners
thee it is belioA ilfat All exce%B vanishes in the preroga-
tives of the throne,

Do you hope for, relief from the Government? It is
the Government which has caused your misfortune*, and
which takes delight in oppretwiing you. At a former .pe-
r iod six years experience defmted all your hopes, and noir
six more year. have again defeated them. Da you look
for relief from the foreign i-iowers? They have interfered
only to injure you ; and now so,rie take pleasure in yotir
misiortoiws, while the rest view them with indifference or
ci,hl peg. An oppressed nation should never look for
oli.tetual and ii iotet ettrd aid out of hen own to ritory
never can an indep,wkot people, witbunt dishonouring and
oinvotolidrii their existence, allow their griev-
ances to ha cured by foreign binds.

Let us, thou, untier the blessiug of God, save ourselves,
for nothing can now save us but our own efforts. The
nation has been brought to the brink of ruin, and it is its
natural *lit to endeavour to escape. Oppressed, Ito•
happy, and robbed of d., gnarantres which the laws Coo..
cede to her, it is her undeniable right to resist, and to seek.
the means of rrcovoring the old laws and liberties, of which'
viAence and iniquity have deprived her. A faction hos-
tile to the country surrounds the Kin', and constitutes or
direct* his government. This faction closes the ears of

the Alonart;b to our outcries, and will not allow 1:; to
obtain any redress from the throne. 'We have therefore
no ether alternative then to' rise against that faction, in
order that the King may litten to tie, and that the repre.
seotAtivt s rf tilu peOplo being freely assembled, as the rights
and grievanCes of tin' nation require, may grant and le*.
With, legally and j►rudently, whatever rely he found proper
for the general wt Ifare.

In doing so, toe are autherirol by reason, justice, and
urgent necessity, and tnoretaver by the principles acknow.
lolged in Spain in remote ages, the examples which our
at cestors have transmitted to us, and the laws of the
kingdom, An express compact ezis'ed between our an-
cestors and their King, by whit+ it was stipulated that if
he dill not defend their rights they might chooie another
Mortara; anti they, lir swearing allegiance to hint, do-
dared that they would obey him while he governed them
well, and if not; no. fledinie King Suintila governed
them ill, they banished him and his family from the king-
dom, and gave the crown to Siam man, in the 4th Con-
cillo or National Junta, held at Toledo in 083 it was
solemnly decreed, with the consent of the pcopie, that
"neither that Prince, his wile, nor children should ever
return to the cmottry, or he restored to the honours of
which for their iniquities they had been deprived, and that
as they had been banished from the throne and the king-
dom, so also they should forfeit what they had acquired
at the expense of the unfortunate, and should have
only what they might obtain from the commiseration
of the new King'." " For many unlawful and violent
acts, deaths, imprisonment*, the levying' of unjust
taxes or tributes, and many other deeds diapleasing
to God, and contrary to justice and law, and in.
jurious to the kingdoms, committed by the King Don
Alonzo X.," that monarch was, by a formal sentence of
the Cattier of Valladolid, in 1282, deprived of the Royal
authority. It was deereed that he should merely retain the
title of King, but that the Government should be consigned
to his ion Don Sancho, to whom the Government end the
administration of justice were committed, aid to whom
were delivered the fortresses and all the 'Royal revenues.f
Because Juan 11, called French troops into the kingdom,
to aid him' in anvil war, Catalonia declared hint to be " a
public enemy V Because Henry IV. did not listen to the

yoke of the nation, " which deinanded that he should re-
dress tho grievancee which the people suffered, that he should
amend his own way of life, and the manners of his houghold,
and reform the Government of his kingdoms," the Comes of
Avila, in 140, determined that he should he depriv, d of
the crown, deposed from the Government, and degraded
from the 'loyal dignity and insignia, with the solemnity
which reason and the ancient customs of the kingdoms de-
manded." Our,hietory presents frequent instanees of the Spa-
niards having combined, and openly taken up arms against
the King, when he abused the power, which, as our laws

• 3' Id cunt gentle c.onsultu deerevitnue, ut nee eundent vel
tutorcin clue proptur quo commisorunt, nee title* corute,
unitate neetrw utupunn conseeleinus ; nee ray ad honoree, a qui-
nce c,h inlquitatem dejecti *lint aliquando Korner emus ; quique
otiant sieut a testiglo rogni babentur extranol, Ha et a polies-
Ilene rerun, qua* de tuiserorttin itunptibus hauserunt snaneant
+theta, prwter iii fined ',rotate plisehni principle nostri fuerunt
eouract►tt,'.'..Canc. Tolet‘ iv., c. 75.
t Conti de IlermandJul eonetletted in the Cortex of Valladolid
12144 Bee alto the Chronicles and Zurita.
Xtuita.

declare, "was given him only for the common good ;" when
he forgot the obligation which the laws imposed upon hint
" to be more watchful of his peoples welfare than his own
—to love and honour the great, the middling, and the low •
.--;-to maintain concord among his subjects, and to lee the
•iispenser of justice, giving to each one his right."—(Law
9, tit. I, particle 2.) There is'not in Spain a more ancient
Ind authorised custom than this necessary rising of the
people to repress despotism when it infringes the national
laws. There is at this day in our codes a law by which
we are expressly empowered " to treat as a tyrant even
the legitimate monarch who abuses his power by riterte
to render Ida subjects weak and timid, by exciting dis-
cord among aem to such a degree that they cannot trust
each other—who labours to render them poor, crushing
the powerful and destroying the wise—who prohibits
his states associations and deliberative assemblies of the
people, and who seeks counsel and security for his person
rather from foreigners than from the natives of the coon-
try."—(Law 10, tit. 1, partide 2.) When a Prince
anuses his authority in the manner above stated, the said
law expressly declared that the people " might call him
tyrant," and that the sovereignty, " being turned froM
right to wrong," was converted from a legal and just Go-
vernment, which it had been, into an oppressive and
ille-
gitimate power.
• • Nevertheless, while resolving to be the first to raise the
national cry, we tin not propose to name another Monarch
or to advise that the ahove examples should be now followed.
We do net now use the right which the law gives, hoW-
ever strong may be the reasons for exercising it. Neither
shall eve raise our voice against the. King, nor the legiti-
mate authority of the throne, which we respect and will
always continue to respect, if it be exercised according to
laws, and within thu limits which they and reason pre.;
scribe; but if otherwise, its nets become essentially null,
conformable to the law which declares that •'Royal decrees
iastred against debt, against law, or prescribed usage., are of
no value or authority." (Law 2, tit. 4, lib. 3, of the Novi*
Itee.) Obedient enljects, if legally- governed, we only revolt

against that antisocial and insolent _faction which so
despotically governs the King and the kingdom ; which,
to gratify its resentments, ambition, and avarice, keeps the
nation in u state of servitude, misery, discord, and degrsda.
tion. We revolt only against those most pernicious enemies
of the King, who have disgraced him in the face of the
world, fatally estranged him from his people, and made
him lead a life of fear and insecurity in the midst of his
own family. We revolt against those " traitors," fur such
our laws expressly style them, because " they have troubled
the kingdom to do it injin y, " (Law 3, tit. 19, partida 2) ;
because " they have endeavoured and are endeavouring to
deprive the King of his honour and dignity." (Law I,
tit. 7, lib. 12, of the Novis, nee.); because " they leave
him to go astray front prudence, to mismanage his revenue,
mid to render himself the opprobrium of mankind." (I.lw
2b, tit. 13, wale 2) ; and nut only permit him, but in.
Eigate hint to do those things ; —traitors, who after
" having concerted with enemies to attack and injure the
kingdom," (the' came law 1, tit. 8, lib. 12 Nov. U.)
solely to procure support to theirselves,, besides keep it
now subject to r fonign orders and Suggestions.

' To revolt against 'spelt criminal melt is not only a right
but a sacred duty imputed upon us, and compounded by
our laws, which direct us " guard the King from him-
self, and not to allow him wittingly to do evil, becaue
soul might be lost, nor permit him to act wrongfully, to
diabonour his person, or to do great damage to the king-
dom," (the same law 25, lib. 18, partida 2,) and order
us " to guard hint as well by counsel es by service, seeking
for him pledges whereby we may make him abhor and re-
frain from such deeds, so .that they may net be effected,
and that those who enuosel their comm;ssion may be ar-
rested." (The same latv of the parades.) Any other
course being now vain, it is indispensable to oppose and
arrest those who damage the nation and the King. fly not
doing so, we should place ourselves in the class of
for the same law declares that " those who can guard him,
and do nut endeavour so to do, are guilty of public treason."
Under en equal penalty auother law commenda us all •" to
arm and hasten to resist thole internal enemies who disturb
the kingdom in order to injure it; and in such case directs
that all men who are above 14 amid under 70 yeas of axe
should assemble, to give assistance with their bandit, their
dependents, and their property ; and that all this failing,
the women shall come to assist in suppressing so great an
evil." (Law 8, tit. ID, partida •
Nevertheless, our rising is not directed against the fee-
tion, but has for its objects solely the restoration of the
.his.people, and the recovery of thn,uation.*inde-
penetrate* and liberty, in order that the couritry, repre-
Pwrited in fortes, may establish that good Government
• which is ea much wanted, and which will secure those
legitimate liberties and privileges which alWays belonged
to us,, and without which men eannot live in a social
state :—those rioks 4,0' the people whi?li our oppressors
themselves confessed in the. decree of the 4th of May,
1811, nre as inviolable as those 'of 1 he/!crone.
We do not propose to tit-establish the constitution of
1t912, because, being AS yet uncertain, whether it be that
which the nation. considers most suitable to it, we do not
consider. ourselves authorized to anticipate its determina-
tion, nor to hesitate to submit to that which it may judge
better. Hut what we in• the name of justice desire is, that
the nation may freely umiak to deliberate on thelnev-
rion, and we have most indisputably a right;: to promote
that object, when the despotism cf the Go,errunent op-
poses it, not less to the injury of the public interest tio
in violation of oialemn engagements, and in eontravention
of the existing love, to the observance of whisk the King
,hecomesOntund on his ascending the throne- In them
lattSettlestated to be "necessary that the Cot tee are to
meet for the grand and arduous transactionsapf the king-
dom, and that the said transactions ahould boAltiected under
their emoted, as has before been done by former kings."
(Law 1, tit. 8, lib. 8, of the New gee.) And surely no
transaction can be more arduous or greater than that of.
taking into consideration and remedying the unfurtun de
state to which tile nation finale itaelfreduced.
The Constitution of 1812 was overthrown. Who then
has dispensed the King from maintaining the ancient Con-
stitution and the franchises conveyed to us by the laws.
whieh favoer that Constitution—laws, never annulled or
abrogated, and still therefore' existing ? The open and
4tontinued violation of the law by the King, in the face of
his numerous promisee, rebdere truly deintotie A power
which " loves to seek its own good, theugh'..it sheuld dis-
advantage the country Tither' than purstut the common
good of (Character of tyranny, according to law 10,
tit. 1, particle 2) power which subverted the funda-
mental principles of the State, converting into the most
absolute despotism a Government .essentially moderate aml
representative, which that of Spain always has by law been
since the establishment of her Inenarchy,. which the King
himself retiognixed,in his beforementituted decree of the 4,h.
of May, 1814.

• Not only are the peeple of Spain deprived of their right,
in virtue of which nothing great and arduars can be done
even in the Government without their eminttil in Cortes,
but by a still more Signal aggression they are also despoiled
of their participation in the legislative power, the Govern-
ment dating to give us law, or' what it calls such, on its
own authority, though the ancient Constitution of the
kingdom expressly requires that all the laws by which we
are governed shall be established with consent of the
Carlo, as they have constantly heretofore been, mules the
King in the af4resahl decree acknowledged that they ought
to be, and promised that' they should be..
It is also our right and the stipulation of one of our most
ancient and often confirmed laws, that " there shall not be
imposed or levied any taxes, exacted benevolences, contri.
butioos, or unusual tributes, special or general, tiniest the
Cortcs representing the nation be first called, and they be
granted by them." This right is also solemnly recognized
in the decree of the 4th of May, wherein the King solemnly
declares and promises that-„ the revenues for the in of the State shall be imposed and assessed with the
consent of the kingdom." But in breech of this prOmise
and of those laws, the Government has oppressed the
country with taxes decreed by its own capriee,—texo no
less illegal
,and null in their authority then vexatiously
levied and disgracefully waisted. With regard to other
laws for the security of person and property, we possess also
such constitutional privileges that neither the King nor
any other authority can order " a person or persons to be
punished, put to death, or their property confiscated, or
cause them to he exiled, disinherited, or melte 'My other
ant of oppression to be dime unto them." Neither c.in
they he slimpossessed of their goods' without having been
heard in defence, and convicted; and Royal letters which
may be issued for such purposes shall nut he executed,"
—(Laws 806, tit. 4, lib. 3, New Iles.) Bid the Go-
vernment, considering itself lord of our lives' and fortunes,
as little hesitates to confiscate or sequestrate property with-
Ma hearing or judgment, as in deereeiog by its own act
iniptisonment* and himishments without number, and
every kind of corporeal penalty, and in Authorizing its
satellites openly to commit equal or greater aggressions.
'these customs and these kw*, awl others contained in
our code in favour of the liberty of the people, which hare
been violated by the Government, are what we ask for,
and Sjuster title for our demand could not exist, than the
right to have the promises. made to us kept and fulfilled.
These, awl no mere than these, so justly due to us, are
what our necessities, our Ittro for ottr country, arid, even
our loyalty to the throne telioire.- Spain he freed
(rota a despotism which the King declared he et abhorred
and detested," confessing that '4 the progress. of knowledge,
and the advance of- civilization among the nations of

Aerated

Europe,
no longer tnlera, its existence, and that it never
was ettieilisited by the wise laws and constitution of the
kingdom." Let us be gevarned by those laws, in justice
and peace; so that the nation may be prosperous and happy,
hs the King likewise promised in his decree, and as the
first duty of monarchs, and the only purpose of all consti-
tuted Governments, require. Let the crown preserve its
dignity and rights, public tranquillity, and order be secured,
and every Spaniard enjoy liberty, anal security for indivi-
dual and public rights;--that salutary liberty- which, as
the King said in Isis decree, " distinguishes a moderate
from an arbitrary and despotic Government, every citizen
ought securely to possess."
We call God, who knows all our intentions, to witness
that we aim at nothing further. We desire a monarehi-
cal government., and that ton, firm, strong, and powerful ;
to preserve which there is no surer means than by found-
ing it in justice, in wise institutions, and in the affection
and good of the people. We desire peace and amity with
all na ions and their governments, respecting their rights
as we wish they should respect ours. We desire indepen-
, dence, so necessary for the nation, and which was re
gained with the loss of so much blood. We (lobe politi-
cal and civil liberty ; but only that liberty which is
founded in the laws, circumscribed by the limits fixed by
them, and identified with public order. We desire tran-
quillity, prosperity, end glory for the nation and the King;
security, concord, happiness, anal a enuntry for Spaniards,
inchohng our very em :Wes.
But we only consider our enemies those who are the
enemies of the nation. Ail besidei, whatever may have
been, or may be, their opinions and political conduct, we
regard as brothers. If we should be forced by necessity
to take up arms, it is only for the purpose of protecting
you, not of doing wrong to any one, but of preventing
others doing wrong. Far from thirsting for vengeance,
we only desire to deliver the kingdom from it. Our per-
sonal injuries we ,are resol,eil to forget, in order to give
ourse!ves wholly up in endeavours to relieve the public
injuric ; and, influenced by a desire of re-establishing the
laws, we cannot have any wish against justice and order.
Holding as a principle that the institutions by which
the contact y is to be governed ought to be framed not by
individuals but by the whole nation freely united, we do
not entertain the slightest idea of altering those now ex-
isting, or of changing in any branch of the ;Odic adini-
nistration the system which has been established by them.
Every existing right, every legitimate title, is sacred in
our eyes. Let the nation but enjoy liberty and union, and
our object being then accomplished, we will retire to the
rank of peaceful citizens, anal joyfully submit to whatever
it shall determine.

Spaniards, who love your country, whatever may have
been, or may be, your conductor denomination, join una•
nanimously in effecting that great object which is of so
much importance to all of us. The religion which we
profess commands us toile brothers, "and such the same
country which has given us birth, and our mutual inte-
rests, persuade us to he. • Let tia sacrifice our differences
and resentment; to the general good, and to olive, our
country let us lie unanimous. Our union is of the highest
necessity; and the principal cause of our misfortunes is
d6cord--that fall discord, which made •Usyield' to despo-
doni in 1814, which caused the Spanish icril to be trampled
on by :nrcien troops in 18.23, and which has reduced the
natioo to the deplonilde state in which it now stands. The
sacred CO of NATIONAL INORPRNAENCE, RIGHTFUL LI,
future, and noon GUMMIER; which should excite
in all but one sentiment, directs us to gather under the
same atandard. There -not one real Spaniard but
believes that independence identified with his own honour;
and which of you does not feel humiliated st recollecting
how your country was treatcd by fore;gners—nt seeing
how, without any attempt at concealment, it was go-
vent dby them? There cannot he any one indifferent to
that constitutional liberty, the first right of man, without
which society ceases to exist, to that liberty which is cha-
racterized by our la vs to be the dearest thing that can be
possessed in the world. (Prenntle to tit. 29 of the se-
cond I.arat•idu.) Which of you does not feel himself
weighed down by slavery ? There is none of you who
does not look upon the evils of the nation as a disgrace—
who does not feel that the present Government is ascourge
to the country. . Our, sentiments and our wishes all agree
on these points. We all feel wretchedly tdegraded by the
yoke we hear ; and the Same obligations, the same com-
mon necessities; forcibly excite us to throw it off.
Tierces of patriotism and loyalty in the war of indepen-
dence; behold for what your blood has been spilt ; behold
the reward which has been bestowed upon you, end sue.
who it is that have gathered the fruit of your generous
sacrifices. Fatter. and contempt have been your share,
and the blackest ingratitude has blasted your glory. But
you will not .allow the murderers-of Pother and Lacy, the
tigers who exulted in torturing to death the unfortunate •
Empecinads, to outrage you any longer..
• Lovers of liberty, •unanimously, endeavour to recover it,
renouncing all extremes, and every -idea of an inaccessible
perfection. Those who enslave you are the sa-assios of
Riego—the tramplers upon the rights of the nation in the
person of one of rts.representatives, and thus expose them-
selves to universal ignominy. The best way of avenging
him is by making that sacred cause for Which he was
sacrificed triumph.
Royalists, we also are Royalists. • nor our King we
have spilt our blood, and for his good,'• and that of the
nation, we are ready ngtin• to spill it. • Those Who call us
enemies allot throne only wish to deceive von, and only
understand by: the throne :.their own particular. interest.
lirt's like you, wish for a King, possessed of all the power
Itecesstary for the proper administration of the State ; but
we with, as you no doubt also wish, that he should govern
us well,—that he should preserve our laws and righise-,-
that.he should fulfil hiS promises, to us, air probity and
honour between man and man require, and as public
faith and the dignity of a monarch still- More forcibly de-
mand.

Yon men, whose religious zeal the malignant abuse, to
melte you believe that those who wish the good of the
public are impious, judge by their conduct the calumniators
and the calumniated. hors the My and depravity you
have witnessed, and the abominations which )on have seen
profane the sanctuary, learn now where the real impiety
exists ; and contribute to, di ive from our country those who
even in the name of religion disgrace it.
Spaniards!. We leave to the decision of the nation freely
awinliled. the questions which have hitherto divided us ;
and henceforth, as the duty of all, we submit our opinions
anti private int Toes to the general interest, and to those
by whom that general interest' shall he determined. In
order to effect this, end to put an end to our evils, let its
all unite against the despotism which afflicts and depresses
us. For the; lake of. your honour, for the sake of your
own safety, rally round the batiste's of your country, for by
so doing you can again save it, and again, as happened 10
years ego, make tyranny fall from its own weakness, and
that abominable faction, which has ouly existed through
the excess of your loyalty and sufferings, shrink into its
own littleness. Again will prosperity smila upon Spain,
again will foreigners respect us, and again shall we take
our station among nations, w'th our- ancient dignity.
Whet! shall we always live cheated aml oppressed,--
treated as elavet and barbarians in the -19th eentnry,......un-
happy in the heart of a must beautiful country,...poor,
though possessing a most fertile boil,—without commerce,
without Male, while our coasts extend a vast length along
the ocean,—restrained in .the career of nations, though
gifted with great intellectual vivacity,--east down and dw
preciated though poistimed of virtues and valour ? When.
the force of improvement is now freeing the whole of
Europe from arbitrary power--when even those who exer-
cised it yield spontaneously to the spirit of the age and ac-
knowledge that a Constitution securing the legitimate
tights of the people is the most solid of all thrones—when,
even in Africa, the badmen begin to perceive this truth,
and bestow freedom on their subjects, shall nothing but
slavery, degradation, and darkness, await Spain ? Spain,
who sacrificed 11. million of her sons in defence of her King;
who, in supporting legitimacy, suffered universal devasta-
tion, and whose heroic fortitude contributed so powerfully
to induce the nations and Princes of Europe to recognize
her independence? Will it be unlawful, if, after having
been treated with such ingratitude, after being threatened
with death, and after all hope of better fortune haslor ro

long past been extinguished, we shall endeavour to escape
from this wretched and ignominious state? Will it be
unlawful if we endeavour to procure, whet all civilized
nations of the present day enjoy,—.4 Government eunsti•
toted on fundamental laws, which, imparting greater auli•
tits to it, shalt ecweltireeilThG
it.tesecrea,titovnhaol
blaidheartoy,atelenitel
nat goodcus..
0,4 m
tome, laws, or rights, to he overturned, thinks herself justi•
tied in consequence of oppression in haying taken up arms
againsther old sovereign, and has departed from her obe.
dleuce ,nd constituted herself an independent and free
country, will it he unlawful, if we, no less oppressed
Spaniards, seek also to he be free without detracting even
from the just authority of the throne--we, whose rights
had been recognized, whose institutions and liberties had
been consecrated for many ages, by special oaths, and
solemn protniale, to which the whole world was witness?
-Spaniards, no. If by higilim4oY is understood that
only which is conformable to laws, and the rights which
emanate from them; there could not be a more legitimate
or just cause than ours We appeal for the justice of our
cause to the Supreme Being, and to all honest men. Self-
preaervation is law of nature, and no lass sacred are the
laws which give us an inviolable right to be independent
and free—which ptescrite as the rule of all Governments

,
ti gof the governed. The moot unjust power that;
could xist is that which force, perjury, and unbridled pas-
sion are now exercising over Spain.
Wherefore the Direr ling Junta of the Insurrection con-
stitutes itself fur the present the Provisional Regency ; so
that until the nation is assembled, a Government may riot.
be wanting to execute the laws and preserve public peace ;
for the King, being in the power of a faction which
rules him, is incapahle of governing. This Provisional
Regency &cress that all Spaniards, as soon as they become
acquainted with the present declaration, shall cease to filmy
and acknowledge as the Government shut power which,
in violation of all lawful obligaiions, is exercised in the
King's n one by a few ambitious men, who are the ene-
mies of the public welfare.
It is also enjoined, that in every town in the kingdom,
in all th:, corps in the army, and ou hoard all the ships in
the fleet, the Provisional Government of the nation
be solemnly proclaimed as soon -its it is made known, so
that all may obey it according to law.
The directing Junta also ordains that, until the meeting,
of a National Congress, there shall he no change in. the
system at present existing for the administration of jus.
tice and finance, in the military service, in the municipal
government of towns, sad other branches of the State, nor
in the interior regulations of those provinces which have
psrtieular laws. The only changes shall be the reforms of
sinuses which the public welfare demands.
It is declared that the internal Government which is
established shall be merely provisional, only held and exer-
cised on behalf of the nation, to YAQUI it is to be respon,
silde for, and to render account of, all its ortations.
To enable the Spaniards to recover their lawful rights
in the exercise of their internal government, it is the
argent recommendation of the Directing June:i, as it will
slur I.e of the Provisional Government, that they should
live in news. and amity with the Governments of all oth.-r
nations, religiously fulfil the engagements and ti% ash's
they have contracted with them, and seek to strengthen
as far as possible their reciprocal, commercial, and political
relations fur the advantage of
All the public authorities are enjoined, under the tent
rigid responsibility, to devote the utmost attentien to tire
maintenance of tranquillity. and public order, till I the G
Chiefs,
,and officers in the array 410 navy, are
urt4ently requil'irl to establish and preserve among their in-
feriors that salutary discipline without which power is null
or prejudicial.

To ull
Spartiaribi coneord and recpect for titr taw i%
un thore.i.e6inmesidel..

Should 'despotism oblige us to have recouNe to arms,
that despotism must answer for the blood that may be
shed. ,May Clod deign to bless our enterprise ; but if,
in his high decrees, it should be otherwise ordained, it is
better to perish with the satisfaction of having mode
this attempt, than to continue to live in slavery and
ignominy.

BRUSSELS.

BRUSSELS PAPERS RECEIVED THIS DAY.

. (From the Gazette des Pays.Ras of Sept. 1.)
BRUSSKI.S, Ana. 31.—Their Royal llielines.es the
Princes of Orange and
.Frederick of the Netherlands have
arrived at Vilvorde; they have already received there t.eve-
nil of the plincipal inhat.it.inis and members of the chief
audinrities of this city. The Journal of Antwerp Con-
tains the following

" We, William Prince of Orange and Frederick Prince
of the Netherlands, having arrived in this city according to
the orders of his Majesty, in order to consider of the means
of doing what may effectually contribute to the gond that
may be brought about in a part of the kingdom of the
Netherlands, by taking every where the measures hest cal-
cu:ated to attain that end with all possible seem ity, it has
appeared to us as proper to begin by expressing in the
name of his Majesty the satisfaction which ht. has received
from, iise onion and success with which all the people of
Antweip have directed and maintained that order and
tranquillity which some persins, strangers to the city of
Antwerp, had endeavoured to disturb.

" After this first expression of the sentiments which ani-
mate us since we have been among so many civil end mili-
tary fiinetionaries, so many proprietors, so many merchants,
manufacturers, and fathers of families, of all classmt
equally Inimitable for their devotedness, equally ititetested
in the maintenance of the repose which we enjoy here,
we have (Eructed our particular attention to all the means
to be adopted in order not to prolong unnecessarily the
fatigues and the want of rest, which are not easily coin-
pens did by the repose that can be taken when the occu-
pation of commerce or other duties absorb almost all the
movements of the day.
• :" Inconsequence, and using the powers with which we
are invested by the King, it has appeared to us a vet)
pleasing task to endeavour to reconcile those measores
indispensable for the safety Oa fortified town, and usual
in circumstances so important .with those which we are
permitted to take in consequence of the confidence which
we have in the fathers of families of all classes, and the
conduct hitherto followed by the civic authorities of the
protium of Antwerp. ' In consequence we haste resOlvtd
on the following measures:—'• - •
" I. The measure, to be conceded between the General
commanding the 4th military division of the kingdom and
civil and local authorities of the province and city of Ant-
werp, shall be suluttittid to an extraordinary commission.
" 11. Lieut.-general Baron Chasse, the Governor of
the province, and the Burgonnoner of Antwerp, .are sp.
pointed methbers of this COnunission. The Chief of the
Staff of the said 'Commander-in-Chief is sect etary to the
Cothmission.
" 111. The subjects to be treated of by this Commis-
sion tibial be proposed. by Lient...Gerteral Baron Chasse,
iumarader of the 4th division, who on occasions which
admit of no delay, may on his own responsibility take on
hint,the execution, of such measures asare indispensable.
" IV. These presents make 110 dingo in the diSposi-
tions reserved to the superior authorities by the laws and
regulations. ,
" V. The pnblicatiOn of these presents shall be made
known to the public, and the members pf the above-named
Commission by the Governor of the province of Antwerp.
(Signed) " WILLIAM PRINCE OF ORANGE.
" FREDERICK PRINCE of the NETHERLANDS.

" (A trite copy.)
•
" The Governor of the Province of Antwerp,
" VANDER FOSSE.
" Done at Antwerp, Aug. 30, 1830." .
Ilia Majesty the /Sing, eccompanied by the members of
the Royal Family, returned on the 27th of August front
the chateau of the Lou to the Hague. The Prince of
Orange and Prince Frederick set out very late in the even-
ing the next day for the southern provinces of the kingdom.
The two battalions of grenadiera, and the battalion
called Battalion of Instruction, which were in garrison at
this Hague, set out very early in the morning an the 29th
for Rotterdam, where they will immediately embark for
Antwerp on board six steam-boats, which are placed at
the disposal of the Government.
On the 28th there was a Council of Ministers at the
Hague, which sat for a long time.
On Friday afternoon a battery of horse artillery, under the
command of Capt. nimbus, had already set cut forßrusiels,
and the third battalion of the division of infantry,
under Major Van der Hensel, was on its march for Ant-
werp. The officers and subaltern, of the active Com-
munal Guard of this town met to-day at the house of M.
Van Doetelaer, their Colonel, and gave him the oulattrance
that they came willingly, in consequence of the departure
of a great part of the garrison, to do duty on all occa-
sions, and thus to contribute to good order and tranquil-
lity. The Colonel expressed to the corps his particular
satisfaction, and assured them that he should perform a
most 'agreeable duty in acquainting his Majesty in writing
of their sentiments. This address was immediately sent.
Ilia Royal Highness Prince Albert of Prussia piloted
through Utrecht iu the night of the 28th on his way front
the Hague to Berlin.
In the afternoon of the 29th the regiment of Lancers in
garrison at Utrecht, left that city to march to Brabant.
A report was spread that troubles had broken out at the
Hague and at Ametadatn.
This news is without foundation.
The Prince of Orange and Prince Frederick are at this
moment at Antwerp, where they have been welcomed by
the citisens with the greatest respect. • The troops from
the Hague arrived at Antwerp yesterday in six steam-boas.
A decree of the Magistrates orders that the measures of
security resolved on yesterday shall be carried into effect
to-day.

The gates of the city continue to be shut at seven o'clock
Il further orders.

The maintenance oforder in the city of Antwerp and the
whole province is secured, thanks to the good disposition
of the inhabitants, and the measures adopted by the civi;
and military authorities.
Yesterday and during the whole of lut night the Burgher
Guard of Brussels continued to main order by its vigilance
and firmness. Several well-known agitators were arrested.
This civic guard we are certain will remain animated by
the spirit with which it was formed. After having put
an end to the scenes or devastation, it will perceive
that it is worthy of it to do all that called for by lie
true interests of this beautiful city by those of property,
commerce, and manufactures ; it will re-establish within
our walla the reign of the general laws of tte kingdom;
it will be sensible that this is the only secure way before

b~

confuvon,

us,- and that nut of it there is nothing but
anatchy, and the total ruin of Nosial nrder. It is impel-
ait)le hut that all honest men, who have a regard for their
funilies, all tboAe who have any thing to preserve, shauld
Ise impresbed with thew truths, which are Coalition to 111
ages, and the most speedy application of which is die&
for by our pre.ent }ituati n.
" NOTICE.

" The Burgomaster and Bchccint resolve.,
" The workmen settled at Brwesets sh.ell from this day ht
the only ones employed in the politic works on the rod
and the Boulevards."

" ORDER OF THE DAY.
The Couisnander.:in-chief of the Burgher Guard to his
relic . -citizens.

My dear Fellow-citizens,
" Struck with admiration at the devotedness, older,
and ittal which you have constantly *hewn since the com-
mencement of our trouble', Iton snort anxious to exPus
to you •how proud I am at having been called upon to
eommand pan.
The cessation of the ditordere repressed with eo much
Filth-awe and firmness. after 48 bouts of admirable P'
tience, nod the eefinitivo organic aim) of the burgher
guard, will leswn the fatigues which you have endureil•htf
several (lays'. Continue to be smell as you have shorn
yotar.elvee, and recollect, my year fellow-citizens, that you
are fulfilling the most sacred of (lattice, that of insintsieing
the public libertiee, mad the preservation of your own Woo'
Quomander.in-chief,
vie
ci,:a.Arouoitn G.
hent reEmlinll:laNnDaEt N6t:dleo.wOorGoVyoßoSfT.
th.
highe.t praise ; legal ord. r has not suffered Abe samii
i rs'
,
taterrupta.m in that great city.. The nittneroas cotton.
inanufar,ories ita if continue' to ,work and to support their,
workmen. This laudable perseverance on the part
these manufacturers i 3 the more remit, kW', as it a yell
k n own that It, f ire our ti nobles this !Tench of manufactures
was in a state of etagnati.in and distress• it praybe
im.gined that these manufacturers, and the.2o,ooft work-
men whom they employ, are not inclined to Wei" the
destroyer( and burners of machinery.
liaussues, Ace. shall probably receive news
of ti it result of the mission of our deputation to the vegan
of the afternoon. The attention of Ifni public is now (mei
on the arrival of the Prince (4 Orange and Princet
Frederick, who are expected this afternoon. . Tht a:l°f
perfect order still prevail. in the airy:--511 extli_rnel met:
agitation and al ism have disappeared--4Wer, flai,°*-1,1 de
sons, who axe xtrongly *agreed", anrarresteu.fate
Wargny, one of our Judge', • haa been appoint.d,
d'lnstrection in the investigation which to
into the serious disturleaneet which have lately talrett
Above eighty re, ions were arrested, all, however. 'sy'r
twelve or fifteen, have been set at l'irfft)'*
visits g
lts were made yesterday evening in same streets. Solne
shawls. help, and other things were found, proceeding Irwi),,
the pillage of several houses that are pluedered•
mearcla, however, produced little. A bberand
wo was arrested in one Of the houses, said that the "rust
I se f
part of the articles stolen had already been carri. d
the city. ~est
tat the I
direction of L i(m3::.
itel'ini''te.iat
ryia' let locoartnlll;aoitt'ocu:Cinhzdekte'convention In r"
Reot;th:
be seen the
Guaid
stdscr entered nrit e t
No troop ave Brussels. The senile,"
arms go to the different quarters of the city wit"".,u'et
any wise Moloted. It seems, however. that a til.te
Illlinher of troops are marching towards Druoreia'
tare quoted the ttecoonts given above of the march of
.0)
from the
the
Utreeht, &c., adding that hoe2o
troops from the north will soon be assembled at itut4.l,reh
These Journals, however, do not mention the events
were reported to have occurred in some (ideate(' 11°110
n
rs
Several chests of muskets have been reetived to'dif,lo
the. Town 11x11.
Gv nRr
beeunTa rguielt'r4.l:vinenTdegsvi :cbeoynin'taci(eauteacretsanit'ttnoqoff 'ilnlaillia%urtl!ne'ri(kdil°oelery
futilt'llae;igv(t:Le3runPght,tY
sufficientadded, hn4 will
it 9
of the Burgher.
s
completing.
r
lK
militia a
f all
nergy, tslightest amstplepiilpenii:redaserad;otenialogstlyatioitifler:llieeni,:tiiitrivdbeiutryt,
ihonardvererteop,.
tolsirriesonielariadionetti,
pmeumt,xn.,airc einsiteti'strissygesw' ceth;hilitnihewn,y,7t havemen wt 'iet leastess d feare n that
hh
he t r thee l) altwu'iterthfiS
what is the real spirit of the Ikkiaaik It_r:110;
that they
call
hich
each
and if hitherto they have so unanintewlY isers
for the
gli:ni:arga,nttl,
,t,Leitielyie •f• tija'nriketdiriatilnumbdt gnefn'nf'evril)lel,:rw,avigelir:reivirgtl:!:'
rai
e his
attic
t 110
ed
s
er
bnitatiollace,dtrithhi.,rae.tatttsin.hpoiniettoilltrhieeivehs enemyati:o4'; ndigni stsoatti h:• ef arc
ttlhe isnde Freeisgn :rol°l ce
arl•
organization than that in which the rights of tliiroig
ioe
nor, and the governod being equally rorewg' 4ii‘ch
The Dutch
sense
tilee' ofe
a Gimpre
dignity
re as a
k• ela•
Colleah: to announce
I:daY;ns• ernNtnhlielielye'l,;.:lnn:/eul tt)1,1:11t51C611
hay triPt°
from •the Hague, where he was sent by that 6'P :sic.
i
d
nt •: rma tniZ ( felei)tnpnthohlapetetoiivuf.l nielitdnt:ol::ert to
2enceittile:Kito:vhtfrieYnst igalawen,baidßurt learned
tt2tert64 gihithaltei rtohl felGt this
from that city.
Co'n"""' which
h
paPegrisystotbSe rco
twin no account from Dritseels, pexeacesupi.etthtebele;dit
titlt
:Trier des-Pays Ras, and whits, that pri!ele d lot
h announced the restoration of tranquillity, at-
there woo no reason' to fen. for the good clines 'VIII: sod
A limit
bpailatrrAi tuyaotiftrt
2e
7c0......tt1in)
jetllrxKyc.iin:on oole
12 10. Two months, 12 65.
•
Saturday tofhet7ie th 2
°0 t. pot:

THI: AIAitKETS.-(THIS I)AY)'
‘ ‘011,,14;01
GENERAL AVERAGE PRICE. OF nitill::,
,11
For the Week ended Aug. 27, IMO, Made li,th-s in 01
nt the Inspectors In the ilitil!rent Cities and 'teem
II A
and Wales, pet Imperial Quarter.•
5d.1 Oats till Ileand‘•':4l)**u.
Ild.l Rye iltis. Ai rea':4olP',,kt
IHrEHIAL AGORSOATH Mir.IIIIIOES Or THE Wog 31).,
1111.1 Oats 296. rtd.l 414,
041.1 Rya alit. d• I
12,2,
4adornittiyaErs_cl.L.roneitu:&t 11trrnd rd

This day's supply_----- ~,
sminipigLo MA frKET. orrb'l
gold.. With Lamb the trade was exeeetlioglY aul ',.. to til
presslon of full 2d. per stone, but owing, 11er 11 A; do./
butchers being anxious to get at stock thrY I' ~,,,api'
out of the way of the "fair folk," who are hugilYI:otool
in erecting their stall, show-boaths, tke• 1,•,', r
.100°'
to St. Bartholomew's Fair, which commeaco r° 96 priab
Inferior Beasts
Beef, Mutton, Veal, and Pork, sold at 0,04
wins for that of S TlitiedY*l t s dr'
with Nome degree of briskness. d arAll; 4
MICR! Prth BTOKI or' SIAS. TO OINK Tit. - i iv' 0
s, '''
. 0 (i, 4 !
'1
.t. to..
Si
11 "Arm, Lambs • '''''' .) 0 i '
Second quality ditto 2 4 2 8 Prime small ditto..." 'g 10 lii
Pritnelarga Oxen 3 0 3 4 I -rgetvarll:B„T". 4 9il 11,
Prime Seots &c 3 4 3 8 t7iiaesntal,"'*—... 3 .; 'l,'
ftirimor Sheep. 2 0 2 2 arse 11086..." ''' :., 4 -,,, ,fl.
Second quality ditto 2 6 210 Small' Poriter,V,V to4f:o'.
Voarde.woollethlitto 3 4 310 Suckling Ca„,iv,,e; l'i'‘toirw' a
iootlnlownlNethers 4 0 4 4 yorirteroldvio' '4.,,,.
surely, As rag ci.eax'S STATROP'' rig,'
8"411.• Sheep and Lambs.' Calved. 1 -1:/ ,11
I a*/ 11•01".11 I
Milch Cows. thouh not numerous,
679 I 11,870
were du ,
with le
barely last week's pries; an useful abort-WOO;
small calf, producing 184
a A KO* 4
NEWUATE AND LEAI)ENIIALL .---fl , al, t
At per stone, by the Cartsinli. u. 4." 4 '
9° 4 /
a. ti, WI. 11.
Sett' 2 3 4 Veal . ' ... '' .' ~ ........ 3 0
o
Hutt0n......... 2 8 310 Pork . .... .....vdtho'
444M1 )... 7. ........... as. Od. t 44. eh

...----.--- 1
..._ Mitt 1111#1.' 1,1
Coarse HheaAvYy I,lorAwßlaltn7ldialTlo(jwAATLEyrB.l.F..d..: ...... i: ail I°
S:
51,
Vow, Meadow Hay 2 0 5 5
Mend Old Ditto 4 0 'll
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 2IS 1
Clover Hay ...•a;
Oat straw £2 2to£2 8 I Wheat Straw..lo 9 , (ow.
A good supply, and a ddll trade; 0°1'64" . . i

AND
AnTRIU.ARIDELOPI,
WT4II4Ea C4UIrtI;F Wri tl'ilet'l ;11- .'
PIC
tractors of the Court Journal v)Pgivettregithlo:,cfibe::::l
Tables, which
promise to
w indloimeonntSiaattuordnaryvnitens,:,
oglroaatri:j.iiltAleto6
Toant:duesercto:prehensive Pictured the Court Circle of jui soY
and AnaLainr than was ever before preagilir 000'
Loisrtathwatirl 'talllnt atchce7aPtiniscAh—ed -:isYt, 4:l°;:ii.iennTs:
dual who has been presented at Court during "',,,,,,s $
reign ; 2tl; of every individual who has visited ~..10( the
dßioioyinAgt, the
nsessusro
rjxosst; es,tititii 7031 ;LiSsrtl,ost. esoirai I:hie:cis/1,1;11v
oate
MILITARY Vuouorions of the new reign'
tlitd ille, foillo
ranged irysternstieelly, so as to affOrd unprecede '
of inquiry and reference, ail'
drairnpurßt.dy
iaatoukßeseoupyptapuir:o7dir,a.ni sasses
Ana:ticiodeoyOpofolitorbol;l4ll.4B:lllo4toie!: 4.0 r,
natae of 4 g Garde Municipals do Paris." " ' ,
