; 0 .

,t ; v.,-,4411.tivi 141

.p.OllllllO 11k4rr44ig,,,e,apgr5,,04(4401:9.

r, 0P
ST.O 0!
i
r !
'At :the moment , We" W)rite,tlitithing hag yet 'ar4
tiyeAl3o,,pnt en end: to , the :perplexity iW
fire t•ptikadic tory nature of the, last,toegropll(
ItipatcheS fr6rit the Duke of Ang;:iuteme has it 4
volved --tinCelosing of the Yin
A oda tesia The Pilate 'of T ueaday haS reached
us, but it 'NHOIIII3B4IO intelligence from. Spain that
bears Don the subject.... The Quotidienne IS the
only paper Which makes aii:attetiiiit at explatia.
tion, and that attempt is not much to the credit
of the Prince Generalissimo, fur it broadly
itiVititiates' that 'he has sidter'ed himself 'to be
upon .by the Cortes, ,and- ,that: they
dirtve :gained little breathing • time by making
him their dupe. The following-is the -passage
,question i—" it a ppears -.lrotawthese two
lialegraphiC !dispatches that.:thet4Levolutionists
of Cadiz
,have succeeded in...delaying ctite :day
!hit iat4ack for .which;preparations- had been:made.
ills-ißtiya I Highness the Duke ofAngouleine ha
thakhe would, treat
,only, with .the King
at Yi~t,vrty:x the Cortes expressed their willingness
tolet-the King: depart, but proposed to detain
the Queen an'slf the Princes.,priseners, and pre-
,t,cribed to him inadmissible conditions. '!'he date
of the second dispatch preiis:,that his Royal
Highness had actually returned to Port St.lVlacy's
iWorder to receive his 'Catholic Majesty, and that
it.::trioi3Only after having conviimed. himself of. the
imposition practised by the revolutionists that
lie'iaVe the Order for the attack the day itfier.-7-!:
t May be irtingild how feeble are the resources
of. the rebels, v. hen it is seen that' they -ere
reduced to such shifts to exist,: a,, few days
longer." Privates letters froinTarisalsoreceiv.
it yesterday, add some other Particulars which
havyplausihility at Icast to recominend them.—
They pretend to explain the 44 inadmissible con-
ditions" which the Cortes are represented AS hav-
ing pttetniod to prescribe; hut whilst the Quail-
ditnne says that they were deemed inadmis,iible
laythe King of Spain, the letters would
(hake it appear that they were thought so only
by the Duke of A itgordetrie. These conditions
area stated to lie : that Port Si; Mari's should
he delared a neutral to,An ; that the French
troops should be withdrawn to a distance of two
leagues franc' and that the, =Duke should
only 'retain two hundred attendants. about. his
person, the King to be accompanied by the same
number. It ic'ptabobie, however, that if any
conditions at all had been 'proposed by the
Cortes when the eller of the King of Spain to
repair to Port St. Mary's seas originally' made,
smirthing on the sitiject would'haeO'b4ii said in
Dtil,o Of A iigoa halt Telegraphic Dis.
pitch. From the manner in which that ilispatCh
is worded, i,t appe•atrr.. nil the emit vary, t.lt,tt be con-
ceived the proposal to ha. uncouititionai, for he
would not have expressed his 11010 of meeting
F 0044041 the next thtY, if he had If:wvsyn at the
titers (ltttt tho,meeting deinqided 401 " inadmissible
conditionts." In the !second, it is true, lie says that
" . the negociations" were hridt as if nego.
riations had been mentioned before, and nego..
ciations would certainly imply the.:discussion of
terms. Out as 99;propoon1 to oegociate was even
utiniied to'in 'the, first, we must conclude that
either the noble; 'bake made .orighin Ily a very int-
perfect, communication, or that the. French 6o-
veratnent, 'lnothibly confident in' the; result, did
not choose to publish all that he had really cow.
munical,ll, !wit doubts should be created, Which
the event has proved n mild have. been amply
justified.

~,

(Tin: vmr.s.)
Ilas the Du'Le of Angouleme been rather too
rapid (his wish being father to' the
_thought) in
anticipatiog the freedom and arrival of the Kiwi?
otilave the Cortes heetl playing off some ruse de
;urrr~cY, ittorder to suspend offensive operations,
to e.(pose tin besiegers to moro sufferings and
chances, and complete their own preparations?,
Mud) time cannot have betm gained npoit the
latter supposition, as one dispatch is dated on the
2tlth, and the other on the `,290t. Yet we sits-
pect Aleception to have sprung from the lie.
siegtql; and now the,negociations are broken off,
they aeon to he preparing ,themselves for the re-
suit with t,ome resolution ; for the towospeople
are said to he Inking refuge in their cellars in
order to hitt, for themselves front the approactihw
bombardment ; and the Cartes, it is also said,
propose holding their sittings, underground for
the same cause.

literary correspondent complains to us of
the short portion of, each day during which the
library of the British Museum is open to gentle.
man engaged in a perusal or critical examination
of the ancient manuscripts deposited in, that
tiopal receptacle. It appears..that at nuleason of
the year, howev.er long- the days may 1)6 can
strangers continue in the library. 'after four
o'clock, %‘l‘ile the earliest' hour in the
morning cot fifth they 4ain admission., :rids or-
ronfieroeut !pit vvs only six, hours out of 24 to the
most ludolstimr; scholars anti authors, for coo-
suiting tho,,e authorities Which are no where to,
be loam) hot iu the :Museum.: ft is suggested,
therefore, that if permitsion to read by candle-
light sitonid he deetned rearm the risk
of lire, tile hone 'of admittance in. the. forenoon
ought. to be changed from ,ten &clock to nine;
sod that between Lady Day and Michaelmas,
instead of closing:or four o'clock, the nilicers iri
attAdance`shoulcl y,ep the rohmi
°pelt .on-f,;‘,t., Any addition to the nuoiher
or silttries;of attendants would be,,it is presumed,'
but a secondary considerati.on, compared with
.the more exterisitie facilities..thus afforded to an-,
tigtiarian and historical research.—(fbid.)

• '
, . .
DitittNtZ4G if t3tA td).l
The telogra aide dispatch, announcing the !Ow-
titian ofVi,rditiaad,' turns, 'oat. to have heel)
errita9ou.s. girt;;
pa.w., copy, from the Paris Papersi
of 14;101uhLY Ole; dispatch in its corrected form. It',
*pplettred in a part of par 'iMpressiOrt yesterday ;
tfitil)lllo}l* it, t',llll be nothing more' that)

' this:-.41.1. iNoonseciperkee.of sontocotrtrup ni ca flout
whiclititd passed beofeetitbe Authorities at Cadiz
and the:l;l4,lce'Angoulerge,andlonthestypositioti
that certain proposals made by the,,Ciw,v.i.tO hi
Royelllighnesi w td be accededitXXlßKing,in a
'lei to tbe-D4ii, expressed hisl reaainess to set
out.from Cadiz,- and meet him alChigana. Thii
off :dispatch was sent o on, the 28th Ottimo, But
.
.11,114.48 T dispatch,, dated the ;29th salet. that the
Inegociations were broken off, kn 4 thttilis•stilitied
=were about to cornfpence irmiie'diatity. It is
evident that. the proposed jotirmik of Fer-
dinand had merely for its object i 74
of some arrangement which was expected to arise
Oqt of previous negocia (ions ; for it lies not likelyi
that the Cortes would have made an uncondi-
tionitl *surrender of a Prince,, on whose detention
the safety of their lives depends. There now
remains no hope of pacification. The Members
of the Cortes know very well, that. by submission
they would be .directly thrusting their heads into
halters ; and they seem resulve4 to sell their
lives as deerly as they can.

[MORNING- CURONICLE.]
Nothing further reached us in the course of
yesterday respecting the Cadiz affair;; we are,
therefore, still left to our own conjectures as to
the motives which led to the suspension of King
Ferdinand's expected visit to Port St. Mary's, an-
nounced in the cyst French telegraphic dispatch;
and .indeed as to the reasons the King or
his G'overnment might have had for sending
so friendly ,a. communication to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the besieging Army.
Whether the letter
,was originally written with
feelings of sincerity, or merely for some po-
litical or military purpose, can only' be explained
by advices direct from Cadiz,; at first sight, how-
ever, the whole affair wears the appearance of a
hoax played off orl ihe Prince Generalissimo, al-
though, on the other hand, one would naturally
suppose that the moment was too eventful for

the indulgence of "a joke.—Be this as it may, it
is very. clear that King Ferdintind's letter to the
Duke was transmitted to Port St. Mary's, under
the supposition that the French head-quarters
were still there, which the King announces it is his
intention to visit," when the Duke pleases;" that
is, when a suitable reception may have been pre.
pared for hini,a nd the terms on which he is to go there
have been arranged. In the interval, the head-quar-
ters had Iwo) retnoved to Chiclana, as more con-
venient for the premeditated attack on La Isla,
and at least three good leagues (ram the first
position. There,(be Duke must have received
his Royal Cousin's epistle, as from thence his
own exulting telegraphic dispatch of the 28th
is dated. On the wings of love must the Duke
have flown back to Port St. Mary's (whence lie
dates his second telegraphic and threatening dis-
patch), anxious to embrace the idol of his
wishes, and to clasp in his arms the man who'
had brought him from France, and on whose
sole account such enoropeus expences had ,beett
incurred. What, therefore, must not have been

his chagrin and disappointment, on arriving at
his Old head-quarters, to find that the expected
visitor had' ma arrived, according to promise
and appointment, and, all probability, that
no further tidings had been reeeived 'of his
coming. The Duke, no doubt, calculated that
the campaign was over; that he should shortly
be a big to return home to the embraces of the

Duchess, and #o feast on. the -praises. of the
good people of:France,:'echoed from one extreme
of, the kingdem to (he other, in honour of the re-
turn of a' triumphan( Bourboni; but all of a sud-
den his hopes are dashed to the earth, and in a
fit of
,spleen, hodecerees that. ‘$ the negociations
are broken Off, and:that hostilitieS shotild recaw-
titence on the following day ;" that is, as soon as
he could got :back to chit:lune No time was, in
feet, to be lost, for the boisterous .weather might be
daily,, when :most of
,the co-operating
4fluadrenpossinly, wiould have to seek a-harbour in
the Tagus, which ;would 6poil the bombarding
simrt, of the, French mariners. In the corresPon.l
deuce, however, the Duke fteknowledgei the ex-
iftence of negeciatibutir previous to the-disappoint.
meat at Port:St. Mary's, which .he always before
persisted in declaring ,he would never enter on ;
for if they were, Ilion broken. off, lhfi,ineVitable
conclusion is, that they roust, have previously ex-
isted. It is:. 119,t for, .usito endenvour, tol.econcile
these contradictions, We ;leave it for the Duke
hirhself tip axplaio,, :when he sees it meet, why,.
a,fier his uniform declaratiou that he would enter
ietO no negotiation with :the Cadiz people till the
ISieg was in ills petver,i he departed, from his're-
. '"'

[unrrtrin ',Russ.]
"J'lu next express.from Paris, which we hourly
4ok for, can alone reconcile Angoulema's corn.,
ounication, of Ferdinatithj expected arrival in
camp On 01IN day, and his announcement of
he rupture, of all negociation, and the renewal of
ovilities, on the next. The only way in which the

congruity con ha ,acconnted for is, that some

decided previous conditions are attached to the
Spanish ; that, in doing so,
he would only ,appepr xis an understood, and
powerful mediator on the part .or alp cartes and
nation ; but that, before,. he presented himself in
that eaparity at the French outposts, the terms
that ba conceded on his mediation were
generally to be understood. But Ailizouleme,
ijusliod uitlr tmexpetyd,smocess, will rottrPtio no
cenditioni to the Cortes. Like the barbarian
W•entius, with the early Romans, the Bourbon
haughtily declare.. that there reoutlOS no resource
to the comort;red hot sublisission,.and that. the
Itepre,vntrikyo of Spain an& their last strong
retugy touit yield at mercy, ,Atty. alternative
snrely prtfgriabl,e to . tlliss Better, much
better, .to await flat f.a,ttt of war; n.nd fall, if they
must fall, with honour, than ,yield their throats
to the. murderer's without 'ltit effort by
them for rt•dentption. ,The way, in. which Itiego
has liven delivered in, chaius,to the .blood hounds
of tilt, itegeticy, vvll9, ;Ito now,. barking for his
1)10,4 —and Vigo watt
,t.uriendered a French;
detachment to the,sakup,sanguittary-crew---Tharks
tto, doom that awnitsi.fialiatto, Arguelles, Ito..
morn, and tin!, otlier:.,ipopal9vDoputies,
OlYYGuYiqtki theitPlolMt4 tttnextmli,eiottally into
A tig,44/to'f, alrendy.
ntade one experiment against Cadiz

for two hours ,Ilpon the city : it has not ter4
riGed the Cortes into unconditional submission,'
and the place is threforo to be laid in ashes, and
murder and destruction spreadrAhrougly every
street. If the commencement ,ot the attack on
Spain
,was atrocious, its present winclifig,up is in-,
iinitely,rnore so. The. Frenth anny,passed the
Bidassoa without any ingt„,,caus,e of war, and
the bigot AngOuleme now. refuses to close it on
any just or equitable terms. A generous enemy
Would not press a nation too far. Even, the am-
bitious Napoleon, in the very midst oevictory,
never refused a reasonable peace. but an enve-'
twined bigot has no heart—a ruthleSi fanatic pos-
sesses no feelings. Angonleme, though bred in
the bitter school 'of adversity, has been' taught
nothing by it': he who; 'previous to this encoun-
ter, " never set„ a squadron in the field," now
plumes his helm wiith triumph, from tutanresisted
march through the provinces of Spain ; and while
the death-bell of Kiego is tolling in Madrid, and
the dark tribunals of the Regency are preparing
the mandates of murder for him and the injured
Vigo, the Bourbon, guilty of all these dastard
treacheries, with Talaru at his shoulder, and In.
ranted° in his camp; calls on the Corte:i to sur-
render at discretion, and 'trust to his mercy and
that of the panders by Whom he is surrounded,
for redemption from the scaffold to which he has
already consigned two of the most distinguished
Patriots of Spain.

[NEW =tics.]
We yesterday said it would be idle to,speculate
on the mere fact of Aing,Ferdinand's l'*a.yling an-
nounced his intention of Proceeding to.the Duke
of A ngouleme's head-ntiarters, without knowing
what preceded .and followed it. A very few
hours after we, had written this, arrived another
telegraphic .dispatch,. stating .that the sego.
ciations had broken off, and that hostilities would
re-commence on the 30th, "We certainly felt no
great confidence in, the King's, actual liberation.
We said, " it may undoubtedly have happened
that a disturbance in Cadiz bas prevented the
King from leaving the town ;" and'we added,
64 we have all along endeavoured to impress on
our readers the state of turbulence and dis-
order in which that town -must 'necessarily
have been for. a Icing time past ; there is no
settled authority—no paramount ittlittence."—
We are therefore but little surprised at the sud-
den turn which affairs appear to have taken.—
The first telegraphic dispatch appears, to have
been originally misunderstood.. It . did not
state that the King was positively :coming
to Chiclana, but that he, said he would, come
to the Duke when the later chose, and the
Duke hoped it ' 'would be on the 29th On
that day, however, those -hopes had vanished,
and the new Telegraphic Dispatch was for-
warded.—Still we cannot divest ourselves of the
Wish that Cadiz. may surrender without the hor-
rors of an assault.; The Chiefs of the revolt'.
tionary faction. are desperate ; but it does
not follow „that their followers are so.—lf
Cadiz is taken by 'assault, there must be an
ludiscriminafe slaughter ; but whether by these
or other means it is quite certain to fall.—
Consols closed yesterday afternoon at S3lll, which
41116 the bigheit price of the tlay rviort of
the surrender of Cadiz was in general circtqation,
but it was considered premattire. The private
letters from Paris state that the firm opinion to be
there, that a very short time must'determine the
event, and under faVourable eSi3eCtatioris the
ttentes keep up; their.pric,es firinly-z-the.closing
price on Moudur was. 90. 90.

PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

[From the Dublin . Correspondent.]

THE REFOItIIATION,-511t. COIIISE7,IIT—TIIII
JES'CTlTS.—jl).ticr V.l

„, . . . , ,
We 0,0011 hope that what, wo lin vp a ti VAileeti
in reference to the remark of a Correspondent, may,haVe gone
far with the generality of our readers, in eiplainin# the causes
Which actuated the Jesuits to pint at.. eminence in literature.—
Many of their work* in various departments of I.7.!trning have
contributed to cast a ltistrempen their Order ; but the motive
detracts from their labours,' and in the best estimate of them
abstrtlcted from such motive.; ,they have been exceeded hY•flitile
whose honest purpose was, to rentiermankind great and import-
ant service*. These litter, the Protestant writers; enipleted letters
and philosophy for the liberty of conscience and the rights °free-
tioi, while the JesuitSendeavoured to tetain both conscience and
reason in the truut ignominious subjugation, and'; to enlist li-
terature under the standard nt slavery and superstition: When
we find it declared by tlia:learned Jesoits of :the College of
Clermont, publicly in Paris,that ” the. Pope was as infallible
as Jesus Christ liiinjielf"•—when we find them wasting uncoil).
Moil learniag and ingenuity in support of this preposterous
blasphemy, and to-establish it as an Article of Paith---we can
have no difficulty in understanding the purposes for which
they cultivated letters. A., learned- body; perverting theit id-
quirements systematically, must become one of.the most torrid'
cable engines that the inpouity of monis capable of conceiving
foT-the nulical,deprivatton of toenYtt understandings—for what
can be more terrible in its hostility to every thing-national, than
the, art of making what is falsehood, appear, and pass fOr truth
—and what is intrinsically, absurd, appear, and be•,received,,
as reasonable? On, the" other hand, the genuine schblars„ by.
whose intellectual labours, the Reformation was asserted .as
, well as defended, pursued troth with a holy. fervour ; and one
of die effects which directly resulted front the Ileforination was,
nu decisive an influence on the study 6r moralityi as on that
of any. of the other•hranches or tibilogophy. . Por the Moral 1
sciences, it is a well-known fact, the Fathers of the Church did
nothing, having confined their minds to, the maintaining of
controversies concerning. tenets. The schools did not, do more;.
ant, se long AS their ' clouds ovcr.shadoWed the intellectual'
world, true morality Was supplanted by: a mixture of:casuistry,
(10,04, 3 end forMultiry, which scarcely left man'any duties but
whatPe owed to the Church, The successful struggles: made'
by the Protebtaot* distil seed this supperstitiotts'ferap, and re.
stored Ely. Carpello its rank t, and in the Reformed Pulpits its
pare and divine morality came to be maintained, as 'well as in
the writings of,* Alin otters., Morality,. fotimjedinpon,(Aristi.
snit), sbon bec.4ingthe objectof public instniction, sinco_it was
raise!! to 146 milk . of a science by a Prutetqant, Theologian,
Calittitts-L-iviio waa -the first diet reduced into systematical.
fitrm, the prir!cepts iii the Gumnl, mid of reason, the infiaeneg
of such m (mil ity tipott isocit•ty soon came tO attest hod f,, in mut.
titUdinous arnelioratiomi in all the dudes and relationships of.
lift;While time .- .' t, ei 1
t,i...).0,,eF,.% writers of nic„,ast century were nobly
e!xertlPfc'thetlisC,lvesia writing: awl tliscoursesotlinpOhjg, in a
spirit tot purity, htimanity,antlisteligion., : Tie...l-I,rf)l9ititttfs,ltad
•ntirallYing cants like tlig- jiStliii_.„,,skiai it tpc utility 4 the,
seiences, and the:Anitt.e,of,: the. belles-lettrfai btu they strove
to establiiili'lliAt)porsl,,,,stuelioration 'alluded to, 1110 ~,tn ad-
vaned '
the totereor; religion null liberq4 by IV
-1'41.44g
science and letters 'and ' reason their principat cooduttauts.„..
.Wiiile,the Jesuits were ascendant, all • other „lin i versitlys, hot
under their' gp+enifitietit, Koko MI into langotty anti decay
thrbughout all the Roman Catholic States ; ',but it Was not td.,'
idgether in cOnsecpience of their "superiority that their ermine-
titrini-beettme eillitb old 'Worn. mit--tliis edict w a* attributai)lo
mote to -their silent and dexterous' nutchinations, which'
taittisetirttritlicooriteittisiwitt:hi.i;rl)flii6licair ectlii2dc)6l
tuesatinttedre' CllelthrepiYreii V ;..I"..i7.i'L'orl7ii)Yciirarilell'
with -the Joosertista ' is 17,11:
kit von. The latter endeaVotired to ettenS abroatthe. pin.'
eq.) t.. 4nt St; Angttstin on-graee, In which tIY6Yr h° gileCeed4 '
i
the Jatinftit, who ditretett trolri,:thit ,i4itlier" of the Church con-
cerning, this ductrAtk `apiniefien*d their- own extinction.__
"Jatisenitltt, tho,ffiunder 41r. the "illustriethi SticietY•ttif tlie Port
' . See La Neuville heresie dee Jesulies, by Artl3rAllii.' •

Royal, had beet). a Professor in the University of Louvaine.;'
Many of his opinions were at holtoty such as were pro-4
lowed by the first reformers; but, his' atlherents„ dreaded the
reproach of heresy, with which the Jesuitt endeavoured to brio&
them, and it was it point of policy with themto,write against
the reformed, as well as against the Jesuits. 'While the des-
cendants of Loyale eontended against the Protestants,•as rivalsJ
in the fields of science and literature, the Junsenists strove to
exhibit a superiority in the same lists over the Jesitits, in which
they succeeded Arnauld, Lancelot, Pascal, Tillemont,•
Nicole, are but some of the illustrious list, whose literary
labours will-never be forgotten, nor their victorious depu-
tations over their subtle. adversaries. We no not propose
pose to write the history of the Jesuits at present--and,
therefore, we stop at -the limits of the subject nu seated
by.our Correspondenf.r.:•The motives -which induced' the late
Pius VII. to reinstate the. Order of the Jesuits, are pre-
cisely the same which led-his predecessor to espouse and pro-
mote the same' body originally. They are required' by the See
of Koine to content the progress of heresy-4n which imputation
are involved dyne who see.no harm in the setting up,of semi.
naries Condueted bq Jesuits. • Many of our 'Members of 'Par-
'lament dr the exults (the inveterate enemies of Protest.
autism) e ntial to our. felicity
.in Ireland; .others cannot Lind
out the Jekuits or their seminaries, palpable.as they are, thOugh
they Will Scent out 'Orangemen at any distance; and others
again .are tired of supporting a civil Constitution, which. exacta
so much zeal and vigilance for its conservation, and they are de-
sirtius to leave it to the tender mercies'of any of its adveriaries
or of all them united. Certain it is, thateither•the system-of the
Jesuits or the.Consatution must give, way. The English (!en-
stitiition )plet perish, if millions, of those now living. under
its wing
—s are to be educated upon principle, in' an hostility;:tD
the Reformationtho bright sun °row' moral world,--th e I ivmg
energy which bestows and supports.the fabric of our civil eQ.
lity. How all this.will end, we are not ill. pleased at not being
obliged to predict.. Soine new results, however, -every tyro
sees, must folhiw—more curious, no doubt, than flatternig. to
Protestant speculation. The. Ifibbonmen, Jesuits, Pastorini,
Miracles, and Catholic ASSociation; must assuredly bring about
some event or other. Such a conspiration of things, each of
xo much potency, cannot be inoperative : some special conse-
quence,
in the nature of tbings, must follow—What it is to be,
ra,the question., We have a 'Correspondent yet to insiwer;l'or
which we.shall take another Opportunity.
