TUE PRESENT WAR.

" At the epoch of your last Sitting, Gentlemen,
every thing -conibined to deliver Europe from its long
_agitations, but England, the enemy of the world, still
repeated the
,cry of perpetual war, and war coati-,
nues. What then is the Obje&—what will be the
issue ? The objeit of this war is the slavery of the
world, by the exclusive possession of the'seas. There
is. no doubt, that by subscribing treatiLs of bondage,
disguised under the holy name of Peace, nationl may
obtain repose; but this shameful repose would be
death. In this alternative the choice bet ween, sub-
mission and resistance could not be long doubtful.
" The war which England has provoked, which
she continues with so much pride and obstinacy, is
the termination of the ambitions system which she
c4e:i.itied during two celiLurks. 'Mixing, in the
politieS of the c.,,nt incur, .she Las succeeded in, hold-
ing Europe in a pc:petual agitation, and in exciting.
against Prance au the envious and jealous passions,.
It was her wish; to humble or destroy France, ~by
keeping the people of the, Continent constantly un-
(lr arms ; but thus detaching the Maritime Powers,
she had the art to profit from the divisions she fo-
7mented among neighbours, in order to forward her
distant conquests. . _

" In this manner bas she extended her Colonies,
and augmented her Naval •.Power.; and, by the aid

* Our Readers will recolloa, that the alfair here alluded
to, is the capture of the Picchriontaise French Frigate, in
which the superiority of lore:: was in diced opposition to the
;:tatanznt of the,French Orator.

of that power, she hopes hioceforth-to enjoy het
usurpation. and to arrogate to herself the exclusive
pos,ession of the seas.
" But until these latter times, she paid at least
some.re,:peet to the laws of nations : she seemed ,to

rtzs.pt3a the rights of her allies, and even, by some
returns towards peace, allowed her enemies to
breathe.
" This,condual is, however, no longer suitable to
the devetopeznent of a system which she can no far-
ther dissemble. All who do not promote her inte-

rests are her enemies. The abandonment of her al-
liance is a cause of war; neutrality is a revolt; and
,all the nations that resist her, yoke are made subjea
to her cruel ravages.
" It is impossible to foresee.what might have been
the consequence of so much audacity, bad not for-
: tune, on our.part, raised up a man of a superior or-
. der, destined to repel, the evils with which England
threatens the. world.
". He had always to combat the AllieS of trim
Power on -the Contiiient, an.l to conquer the rising
enemies she succeeded in creating. Always attacked,
. always threatened, he' found it necessary td regulate
hip policy hy'that state of things, and felt that to
lay the contest.. it was necessary to augment our
forces, and weaken those of our enemies.

" The. Emperor, tilt/us pacifies., but always' arm-
ed by necessity, was not. ambitious of aggrandising
the Empire. Prudence always dire&ed his Views.—
became neces,ary foe him to relieve our ancient
frontiers from the too near danger of sudden attacks,
and to found their security on limits fortified by na-
ture ; finally, it became nece,sau so to separate
France, by alliances, from hex rivals, that even the
sight of an enemy's- standard 'lever could alarm tile
territory of the Empire. '
England, defeated in the disputes she so often
xenewed, profited, how*er, of them, to increase
her wealth, by: the utkerz;al wopopoly of Corn,
wertie. •

". She had iimpoverished her allies by wars, in
which they fought only for her interests. Aban-
doned at the nicni,?nt in whi; h their arms ceased to
'serve those interests, their fate became the more in-
ditllirent to her, as, she preserved some c,ommercial
relations with them, even while she continued the
war wiz!) France.

Even, France herself left to the English the
hope of a•shameful subjugation to. the want of cer-
taiu objets, the- privation-of which they believe our
generous population could.not support. They thought'
that it they could not-enter the territory of the Em-
pire by their arms, they might penetrate it., heart by
a commtlrce now become its most dangerous ene-
my, and the admission of which would have ex-
hausted its tuost valuable resources. •

" genius,..and the prudence of the Emperor
have not overlooked this danger. Involved in the
difrkunies of the Continental war, be ceased not,
however, to :repel from his States the monopoly of
English Commerce. He , has since completed the
measures of an etfeaual resistance.

" .No one can 'now be deceived on that subjea;
since the English have declared this new. ,kind of
war, all the ports of the Continent are blockaded,,
the ocean' is interlided to every neutral Ship which
will not pay to the British Treasury .a tribute which
is meant to be imposed on the _whole population of
the gli,be.
To this Law of Slavery other nations have re-
plied by measures of -reprisal, and by wishes for the
annihilation of such a' tyranny.
" The' English nation has separated itself from
every other nation. England is fixed in this situa-
tion. All' her social relations with the Continent
are suspended : she is smitten by the excommunica-
tion which she has herself provoked.

- " The war will henceforth consist in repelling
from all points the'English Commerce, and in em-
ploying all the means calculated to promote that
end.'

France has energetically concurred in the ex.
elusion of the monopoly of commerce; she has re-
signed herself to privations which long habits must
have, rendered most painful. Some branches of
her agriculture and her • industry have suffered, and
still suffer, but the prosperity of the great body of
the nation is • not atfe6ted : she is familiarised with
that transitory,
,state, the hardship' of which she be-
holds without fear. The allies of France, and the
United States, sacrifice like her, and with a resolu-
tion equally generous, their private conveniencies.•
England was on the eve of the moment when her
exclusion from the Continent was about to be con-
summated : • but she availed herself of the last 'cir-
cumstance to the Genius of Evil over Spain,
and to excite in that unhappy country all the rage
of furious passions. She has sought for alliances
even in the support of the inquisition, and even in
the roost barbarous prejudices. Unhappy people,
to whom do you confide your destiny ? *fo the con-
temner of all moral obligations—to the enemies of
.your religiOn—to those who, violating 'their pro-
mises, have elevated on your territory a monument
of their impudence, an affront, the impunity of
which, for above a century, would bear testimony
against your courage, if the weakness of your Go-
yernment had ant been alone to blame. You ally
yourself with the English, who have, so • often
wounded your pride and your independence, who
have so long ravished from you, by open violence,
and even in time of peace, the commerce of your
colonies ; who, in order to intimate to you their pro-
hi6ition of your neutrality, caused their decrees to
be preceded' by the plunder of your treasures,' and
the massacre of your navigators ; who, in fine, have
covered, Europe with proofs of their contempt for
their,allies, and for the deceitful promises they had
made to them. You will without dotibt recover
from your error. You will then 0-mu for the new
peef,sdies that are reserved for you. ' But how much
blood _will flow -before this tardy return to 'your
senses.? The English, hitherto absent from all great
corrflias,-try a new fortune on the Continent. 'They
ungarrison their island, and leave 4 almost without-
defence, in the presence of an enterprising and va-
liant King, who commatids a French army, and who
has already snatched from. them the strong position
of the island of Caprea. What then wit! be the
fruit Of their efforts ? Can they hope to be able to
exclude the French from Spain and Portugal ? Can
the success be doubtful ? The Emperor himself will
command his invincible legions. What a presage.
does the heroic Army of Portugal offer to us, which,
struggling against double its force, has been able to
raise trophies of victory on the very land where it
fought to such disadvantage, and to dictate the con-

ditions-of a glorious retreat > In preparing for a
struggle against our only enemy, the Empero; "of
done all that was necessary for the maintename it
peace on the Continent.,
_He must reckon
without doubt,. inasmuch as Austria, the °9lO
Power which could disturb it, has given
strongest assurances of her disposition, in
ing her Ambassador from London, and &sista',
from allipolitical communication witls England. 4,
" Still Austria had recently made armaments'
but they took place certainly without any host"'
•
intention. Prudence, nevertheless, dictated ever
getic measures of precaution. The armies of Gei.r;
many and Italy are .strengthened by levies a the
new Conseriptioh. The troops of the Confederal'
Lion of the Rhine are complete, well organized an
disciplined.
One hundred thousand of. the Grand Arrbit
leave the Prussian States to occupy the camp
1,1
Boulogne, while Denmark, henceforth safe from nnri
English invasion, is evacuated by our troops, Nvl''e,
are concentrated and centralizing themselves.
fore the end of Janteiry, the battalions withdrawn i°
Spain will be replaced on the Banks of the Elbe and
the Rhine.
" Those which quelled Italy, last year, return t°
their former destination.
Such, Messieurs, is the external situation o
• France. •
rt;
'" In the interior, the greatest order in all 133-
of the administration, important amelioratiors,be
great number of new institutions, have excited t
gratitude of the people.
ol
• " The ::rear len of titles of nobility have envir°-
n
1
the throne with a new splendour. This syste
tts
creates in all. hearts a laudable emulation. It per,.
petuates the recollection of 'the most illustrious scr.
vices paid by the most honourable reward.
" The Clergy have distinguished themselves by
their pateiotisin, and by their sittachinent to the',
Sovereign and their duties. Respect to the Minis
ters of the Altar, who honour Religion by'a devcr,
Lion so pure, and virtues so disinterested !
The Magistrates of all classes every where 31
with their utmost efforts, the views of the Soverei;gl
and the people, by their zeal facilitate the operati°o
Of their authority, and by the manifestation' of the
most attesting sentiments, exalt the carriage and
do& of the troops.
'OO
" Soldiers, Magistrates, Citizens, all have hot Q,,f,
object, the service of the State but one sentirnei 0
re,
that of admiration for the- Sovereign ; but one '
sire, that-of seeing Heaven watch over his days, tot
just recompense for a Monarch who has no ,
thought, no other ambition, than those 01 the OPP
ness and the glory of the French nautili."
St
The orater dsecended front' the Tribune,. 00
the applauses of the As,embly.'
of L
oa
E Pt ESIDENT '—."; Monsieur the Minister 0
Interior, and Gentlemen Counsellors Of State, ire,
~
have painted the true geseete„,ei the Prince,
tracing all the good he has dune. The annual pie
tures.of his internal administration trill one daYtbe
the finest monuments of his reign. Unhappy, ate
Sovereign who is great only at the head of, 10 as
mies ; happy the one who,knows how to govern
sat'
well as to conquer, who 'occupies himself inceoLoo
ly with u*setul works, in order to rest himselfilyss,
the fatigues of war, and whose provident hand 5,cd5
in the midst of so 'wily ravages, the frditful °via
of public feiiity. Ono single' fnifiti,'d t riot
two great destinies. He has subdued powerpt,
States; he has traversed Europe, as a co
niVferoto
under triumphal arches, erected to his glory, I)e'
the bounds of Italy to the farthest extremities o.ot
land. 'lt was enough for the first of heroes, hat,ros
enough for the first of Kings. In the fields of i'de
rengo and of Jena that indefatigable genius Enc of
sated the happiness .of nations. All the ideas
public order—all those safe counsels which pr°oo
societies and empires, have always accompanied the
in his warlike tent. It, was he that re-openemoil
temples of desolated religion, and who saveclio
lity and the laws from qi ruin which was alMostio
evitable. In one word, lie has founded Wore 'los
others had-destroyed. Behold that which re :be
mends his memory to eternity In the midst o'roi
most magnificent of our sqtiares, a column,
of the age of the Antonioes or the Trojans, h 35 "tot
elevated in opposition to the voice of the hero
cien
is above such things. Our exploits will be engrase
on the glorious bronzes with which it is to nescig
vered. ViCtory erect on this triumphal colutrliOs
point to Italy twice subdued, to Vienna, to )--aldo
and Warsaw, opening their 'gates ; our star the
. floating on the Pyramids ; the Po, the Danube'eatb
Rhine, the Spree; the; Vistula, stooping b(sil tbG
our laws. Frenchmen 'will stop with fef
foot of this monument". The day is perhaps
distant; when we may be able to creel, to the Ka
ficator of Europe, a monument still more Iv°l.olo.
of huh. Let all the arts decorate him with
cies
emblems of agriculture and industry ; let the itn°obe
of peace and abundance preside above ; let therebpt
represented with them,: not cities destroyeL.to
cities rebuilt—not captive rivers, but rivers o'6l'eldi
their streams for the benefit of commerce—not 1,0
of slaughter, but fields fertilized—not the war vse'oo'
shatters thrones, but the wisdom which re
bushes them. Let them engiave on', them, 1-eipar'.
as a substitute for all other inscriptions, the IvitapPV
able words 1 have felt that in order to oor
it wasTecessary for me first to be assured of the
piness of France."
• n
pride att
" This triumphal arch, of a new descriptio
and
never be beholden without emotions of resPe-forti"
• love. If is there that every heart u. ill send did
without effort, the most exalted eulegy of 111Oie
matt who has been the author of so much goo
rod'
Cannot render hiM our homage 'in a better or
, than by putting up vows, that his talents as n Intl, i
rior may soon become useless, Secure is he t
ing within himself other sources of greatness'oe (01
us not doubt that, thanks to all that be has d° con't
the happiness of the nation, his renown 'O5 3aft
queror will henceforth-be but the most feeble Pa
his glory." .
The Assembly renewed its applauses, of ac'
• The Legislative Bodies gate formal deed
knowledgment to the orators of the Extose •
• ''
they had presented in the reline of his 11/10.1
Tnuroo,,
which they ordered to be entered on thy of 10-..
and also to be printed and distributed to each
Members.
lio
a" i"
VIENNA, Nov. 2.—Some Greek spectilat°r!'ve‘l:.
spread-a report that a peace was negotiatine
the Porte and England, through the niCdbe
.a

I
