04ZIN ZPRS

• • • .
We
feel,happy in the oppertneity.ofeieiogeireAle
time, at this important moment, to ihe. key,* rank?
mated appeal to the spirit and understandit Of:the
Country. We trust that this exartfOle' ofextraerilie
nary OoeuenFe, end energy RIM be, read with cones...
trondent attention by all ranki of People.
• m a Regimetal. Order, issued to the st dingy drgra
Regiment on :the 28th ult. by the Right Hon. Lieutef
Cdlonel HOPE, that Officer, after communicating to
the Regiment under his•coMmand, the approbation,
by, Major-General MACKAY, of their soldierly ape
pearance at :their Review on the .etlf, expressing his
satisfaelion iii the high state of discipline in which
the Regiment at present stands, and his regret at
the great falling off in point of numbers (the real
effeetive strength of the Regiment being now esti-
mated at little snore than 600 rank and file), adds:
"-That a great diminUtion of Our original number
should have taken place, is not surprising; be-
canse several Gentletnen are .dead, many have left
this city and neighbourhood entirely) and many
have fallen into a bad state of health. But the
melancholy consideration is, that, id such times as
these, there should be such tenant of zeal, such
thoughtless indifference, among the young men of this
city, in not coming forward to 'supply the vacancies
occasioned, by the above necessary causes. Ii thii
backwardness arose from the want of 'spirit, or from
real indifference as to the fate of the Country, thi
prospedt before us would be alarming indeed. The
name of Europe may now be blotted froth the map
of the world, and what 'once was Europe may now
be divided- into Britain and' France ; with this dif::
ference, that in the division- Britain has gained, no-
thing, while the whole power of Europe is no* at
the absolute disposal of our. rival. The whole of
hi's immense force, he is now at liberty, without the
posSibility of further diversion in our favour, to di-.
re& . against this country ; .and, if he 'should
successful, the result will be worse than the Saxon
or Nortnan conquest. But let not this consideration
drive us to despair, but animate us to resistance)
and, above all, to submit cheerfully to 'the meani
which are to qualify us for successful resistance.—
They deceive themselves who think that the French
are not a brave people. They are a very brave pee-.
ple, and their onset is terrible. To great bravery,
their troops now add exact discipline, and their offi-
cers great skill and experience; and if against great
courage, great skill, and great experience, we have
nothing to oppose, but.innate intrepid courage, all
history can tell us what must be the result of the
contest. If we hope to resist with success, we
must add to our native courage, numbers—to num-
bers, discipline—and to discipline, that fixed and
patient submission to every burden, priiation, and
hardship, which our slorious freedom should in-
spire, and without which, as we should sliew our-
selves unworthy of that freedoin, we cannot expect
that Providence should preserve it. We have one
great advantage over the people of the Continent
we have a Sovereign who is not to be daunted into
submission ; and our public Men, whether in or out
of office, are true to their country. The pedele, there- •
fore, have only to be true to themselves, and under.
God, we have every reason to be confident of the
issue of the greatest stake that ever was contencled
for by any Nation. To some of the Nations now sub-
dued by France, tbeie was no great motive 'of reaise-
ance ; their own Sovereigns were deiptitic, and it
made little difference whether they were to be ruled
by one tyrant or another. There might-be a diffe-
rence in the personal. charaCter of the men, but the
degree of freedom under both Governments was to
be the same. But it is not so with Britain. The
alternative with us is, whether we shall continue the
happiest people the sun ever sad', or the most miser-
able and degraded: miserable in proportion to our
former happiness—degraded in proportion to the im-
placable rancour,with which our enemy beholds us ?
Language cannot describe, imagination ,Cannot eon-
'ceive the horrors to which conquest would subject
us.

• ". Let, then, our yoUng Men step forward, if they
would save themselves from slavery, their wives,their
sisters, and daughters, from violation. Let our .wo-
men animate our men. They have much in their.
power. Let them treat with scorn, let them exclude
from their society,every man capable of bearing arms,
Who dees not serve in some corps or other, and we
shall have no need of ballots ,or compulsion to fill
the ranks of every deseription of force. Maio are
not ordinary times, and those who live in them must
not hope for the ordinary repose of civil life. Every
man must now be a soldier, if he does not mean to
be a slave. Exemptions and privileges from service
are out of the question. It is the privilege of being
a free man which is at stake; it is the liberty of Bri-,
Lain which is in danger; and if Britons will not an-
swer to that call, they are unworthy of the name,
and unworthy of the liberty which their ancestors
aeqUired. Tall they must, and fall they ought.
But let us che,ish better hopes. Let us do our
duty, and trust in God; and, as the privileges which
he has. given us to defend are beyoutt all price, let
our resistance have ao.measure but our fortuees and
our lives."

The friends of Vaccination are informed, that the
late report of the College of Physicians is printed in
a cheap forth, for general circulation, and may be
had at Three-pence each, or Twenty-five for Four
Shillings and Sixpence, being the, Cost price, of
Messrs. LONGMAN, }tar, REFS, and ORME, pa-
ternoster-row; and all other Booksellers. If Gen.
tlemen 'of the Faculty were to carry this little Trail
with them in their professional visits, to . distribute
them among such persons as are yet unconvinced of
the efficacy of Vaccination, much good would no
doubt be done to the cautie.

CORN-EXCHANGE, AXIG. 13.—The supply of
Wheat to-day is again rather large, and expeding
a further reduaion in prices, lew Sales are effeCted,
and those at less ; Barley and Malt are ratty, r
cheaper • the few White Pease at further RCIVAIICV ;
Beans of two kinds rather lower; Oats are in
abundance, with many arrivals, foreign and cow.
ways,, and this trade is cheaper; Flour likev.ise neat
ss. per sack.

Wheal 441 BOSa OS Ott Cleans (Old) 44S 2 ses cti
Finc ditto -70 S a 74s ac; Tick ditto (do.) ,toy a 46S cti
'Rye . . 44s a 43s od Oats - 2IS 242 3 -../1. e 4
Barley - . 34$ a 3gs 6d 1 Poland ditto 3.:4 43 is 04i
Malty a .. ° 646 a 723 oil i Rape Seed - 221 a 2611 as
White Pent lati.a 128 s od I Fine Flour . 65.. a boy od
Grey ditto . slls a 431 ad t Seconds . . sus a si* ad
