THE FUNDS.

We have no arrivals as yet of the least consequence. The
estafette from Paris brings the Rentes somewhat higher, which
has had a little effect in improving the Funds this morning,
as t hey left off yesterday, in a declining state, at 88?{, and
opeised at n to and went up to 87 %, at which price
they are at present.

In the Foreign Market nothing doing at present.
HALF PAST ONE.

The Funds which were in the early part of the morning very
heavy have somewhat improved, from 8714 % to 87% is for the
Ac,,ount. Owing to more favourable information being re-
cei Fed from the East, as well as from Holland, all business
api.ears to be at a stand in the city.

In the Foreigh Market Spanish Bonds are better, as they
have improved 1 j per Cent. at Paris.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 878

CLOSING PRICES.-FOUR O'CLOCK.

Glak(ils
Ditto for Account S 7
Brazilian Bonds 59

Danish 72
Greek
Mexican

Buenos Ayres...
Chilian Ditto.—
Columbian 1224 17

l'eruvi in ...•.... •••
Rus.ian...
Spanish

DRURY LANE THEATRE.-ith. BUNN,
we perceive, is announced as the new lessee of this theatre.
It is a hazardous speculation be ventures on, and one
which requires the union of consurnrna-e sagacity with in-
defatigable perseverance. Mr. ButrN, we trust. will be
more successful than his predeces.ors, and, above all, do
his best to put an end to the absurd star system, by which
SO many lessees have been already swamped. Previously
to his entering on his new labours, this gentleman an-
nounces his benefit (I,r Monday) the entertainments for
which we subjoin. They are of a very varied and superior
order.

" Mr. Bunn has the honour of announcing to the Nobility,
Gentry, and the Public generally, that his Benefit takes place
on Monday next, April '22, on which occasion, in order to pro.
vide the utmost variety of Entertainments, in addition to most
of th,?. established favourites of the Company, the following
eminent Professors have, in the kindest manner, consented to
give him the aid of their valuable services :—Madame Vestris,
Mdlle. Pauline Leroux (by the kind permission of Mons'', La.
Porte), Mdlle. Augusta, and Mrs. Wood ; Signor Begrez,
Monrs. Albert (by the kind permission of l'ilonsr. Laporte), Mr.
Liston, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Braham.
" The Evening's Performances will commence with Sheri.
dan's celebrated Comic Opera of the Duenna, with the follow.
cast of the Principal Characters :—Don Jerome, Mr. W. Far.
ren ; Don Ferdinand, Mr. Wood, in which character he will
sing, Could I each fault remember,' Tho' cause for suspicion
appears,' and Can I my love resign ?' Don Carlos, Mr.
Braham, in which character he will sing, ' Had I heart for
falsehood fram'd,' Ah, sure a pair,' Gentle Maid,' and
Moore's Ballad of ' Oh, the days are gone;" Don Antonio, Mr.
Templeton, in which character he will sing, ' The eyes of my
love are as blue as the sky' (Bishop), and Oh, remember that
day' (T. Cooke) ; Isaac Mendoza, Mr. Marley; Father Paul,
Mr. Bedford; Clara, Mrs. Wood, in which character she will
sing, When sable night,' Should he upbraid,' and Adieu,
thou dreary pile ;' the Duenna, Mrs. C. Jones ; Louisa, Miss
Betts, in which character she will sing, The Soldier tired,'
and La, here the gentle lark.'
" After the Opera will be performed (for the first time at
this Theatre) a Comic Interlude, called the Eleventh Day (by
the kind permission of Madame Vestris). Mr. Long Strgleton,
Mr. Liston; Mrs. Long Singleton, Madame Vestris.
"In the course of the evening will be introduced Oh no,
we never mention her,' by Sig. Begrez; The Death of Nelson,'
by Mr. Braham ; The Minstrel Boy,' by Mrs. Wood. A grand
l'as de Deux, by Mons. Albert and Madlle. Pauline Leroux ;
and the scene of the Naiades, in the second act of the Sleeping
Beauty, in which Mademoiselle Augusta will introduce the
celebrated Pas des 2•Talades ; and terminate with Mr. Stanfield's
grand moving Panorama.

" The Evening's Performance will conclude with the Farce
of Killing no Murder. Apollo Belvi, Mr. Liston.
" Tickets and Places to be had of Mr. Bunn, 42, Great
Russell-street, Bloomsbury ; of ➢lr. Ebers, 27, Old Bond.street ;
and of Mr. Parsons, at the Box.oftice, from ten till four."

IM PERM LPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, THURSDAY, APRIL 18.

ROUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAK ER took the Chair shortly after 12 o'clock.
Mr. BROTH FRTON brought up the Report of the Com-
mittee on Sturt's Naturalization Bill.
NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. HALL preserved petitions from the Wesleyan
Methodisis Monmouthshire, from Pilgwelly, and U..k,
in favour of the ,b,lition of Slavery.

Mr. POULTER presented petitions from the Wesleyan
Methodists o` Gilli• gh m, Filandford, Stormins.er, the
borough :aid town of Shtftsbury, a d other p 1 ices, for the
i iirneoiate abolition of Slavery. He would only make the
single observation, that the su,,ject hart ben fully before
the public for the last 10 yews; and yet the many order.
of Council, and other determinations entered in,o, had
been either aba, cloned or most inefficiently applied.—
(Hear, hear.) The time was surely now arrived whe❑
it had become absolutely necessary for the Government
to rake some derisive steps in this most important matter.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON presented a petition from
Teregal, complain ng of church p tnonage in Sco.land.
He trusted that the plan which his Maj sty's 111iMsters
were about to introduce on this sui,j.ct would go to the
x ent .f giving to the people of Scot!and a voice.. in the
nononition of their pastors. If it did not go to that ex..
eot he c uld uot ~upp.irt it.

Mr•. GODSON presented a petition from the Wesleyan
11,1hodis:s of K•ddermin•ter chapel, Worcrster, for the
abolition of nearo slavery. The petitioners had head
gratitude that it was the intention of his Majesty's
Minisrers to introduce a measure for the emancipation of
the slaves in toe colonies ; and they trusted that all
r,W,ts and privileges of a British subj,et would be granted
to the negroes. He (the Hon. Member) hoped that the
measure which his Majesty's Ministers were about to in-
troduce, would he one which would enable ever, mad to
supper t it.

S:r RICHARD SIMEON presented a p-tition for the
Aoiirion of slavery from Caldwell, in die of Wie.ht,
and for tb, better obst-rv-awe of thr Sibbath, from a pa,iih
in the Isle of Wight, Caldwell, Southampton, and Ryde.
