tyA ti .e s-apprre:l. Our I,ll:lister cr Jhstice

is charged IN One execution of Ole present decree

(igned) a NAPOLEON'.

CC By the Emperor,

" The Minister Sez.r&a.t,... 'lf State, Dulie of BASSANO."
. • .. " March 21.
i" Napoleon'. ,?tc•--11n the 'Report of our Minister of the In-
terior, we hare decreed and do decree as follows
"Art. 1. The Ordonances of the 11th and tlth May, 9th
Tune, and frith September, relatire to the creation of a Staff
of the National Guards of France,:and that of -the l r;th
/chicly determines the attributions of that Staff, are annulled.
" 2.311 the Ordonancei nominating Taspector-Generals of
the National Guards are annulled.

jes. The National (Mani will belong to the Ministry of the
ennffirmahle to the la«•c.

4!, 4. OnrNlinister of the Interior is charred with the exe-
eir of the present Decree." (Signed as above.)

" Thuitlerirc, NTarch 2-1, 1815.
" Napoleon, &c.—We hare decreed, &c.
" Art. 1. The Role.* established in the Judiciary Order and
in the Adm;nistratire Order,'before the let April, 131.1, shall
cov:,inue to he observed a, they were formerly.

" I. Each of onr Ministers will, in his respective attrilm-
tiOn, make the applicaticin of• the principle Contained in .Xr-
tide Ist, always tatting our orders for extraordinary eases.
• "3. Our Nlinisters, tacit where, he is concerned, arc
sharzed, (!•;i:.7;:cd ;Is ;Ihove.)
[Several-other Decrees follow for the re-r_i.t.lbl!ishtiltnt ot
the Connell of the Scat of Titles, f.,r rimintaining• the "delft,:
minations of Lieutenant-General and Marechal tie. Camp. fur
the renniption hyLientenant-Geiral C,ount.De.jean, of hi
functions of first Inspector-General of Engineers, for the
1, pp ressi on of the arts and public monuments, &c.j

MINISTRY OF THE INTEMOR.--PAnis, 111.tricir 2i.

TBE MINISTER OF THE INTEIVOR..COUICT OF THE
E.MPIRE,jT9 THE FREFVsCT OF
"SITl,—You ha; been informed by a letter from the. S-
ecretary of State. of the 9.1,t, that the Emperor has re-en-
tered his capital, and that you were to receive insti actions
trim the Minister of the Interior whoni he sfiould appoint.
" The Emperor his been pleaced to honour me with bi;
choice, and 1 felicitate myself on the relations which it gives
tie with you.

t." The Emperor, surrounded every where by the aitny in a
the people, laa.sltraver&ed isit,Statesamidst the most pleasing
emotions; his march ersry,where presented the appearance
of a triumphal prcgress,nd that primp, of which enthusiasm
alone was at the expence, has not cost a single tear to one of
his subjeds,•schom he. er'm y where called hiscliildren, who.
b;.lltid in him a father s(ile!y_.oceniiied with' their happiness
and national glory. What confidence, what se:niity must
ilita a 'rkurn nrider your•charge..
ertaitt treat Pfiticei.dm posed by foreigners,.:sod become
themselves foreigners in respect to our laws and manners, at-
tempted, during ari iuterr clown of eyren months, to carry
us back to the feudal times ; they but ill disguised their views
wider the elOak of sunielilieral ideas which wire only in their'
13,touths; but one thing they could nut disgiii,e was the hand-
ful of men attached .to their cause, a frightful minority,
.1
which has exhibited thLl )11 the situation oft iiving almost
alone from a country, which, for the second time expel l them I
ft not its In'isons. . , .

as The Official Documents' published in the .T.Triizit•ur have
already made you acquainted. with the magnarsiolons views of
our legitimate Sovere'.go. Mark well the iatentions which
the Emperor has expres tir., happiness of the people,
,and let us unite nor efforts to' cause that Prince to be che-
ri,lied who is restored to us by Providence, and who r,uaran-
tees !,, us and to our children quality of eiVii rig-lAN:the en-
joyment of every L:nd of property, and that which is not less ,

MINNTII.7 OF-W.III.—NOTICE. •• • •
"rhc. OfHerrs nu hair-poy followed the Emperor, ai
v-,VH:r.0103:, who cnio:ivedtheir hall-pay at Park, are Worm-
ed that tLey inu3t themNelvesiist•the,War Dep.:7;t for
their heirs placed ingt:Atly i;; t!•••• :kg-intent; of eaeir army,
I,llitce tiici Will enjoy fAikpay, &e,"

, .
, 'FAR IC . MA RC a ''..7.5.-Tite• 1116n;tettr of thi's date I
ccmlralos the ffolin tti VI!: MOM:11101i :—.... . ..;.
" 'rill! ,:loaite..cr is :1u I,,,tzer the ud,ei:d journal. What is oSiral tnn3t lit, a•kalte:iticated bf ti 1 e 5 iviatnre 'of a Minister I
n7' P.i:,:i, fu,ctionpri, 3,,,,i there i 3 itruc..tiorthtiotlain printed
ur.*:MatAy'bilt tlic /i/tii,lia de:: /14.%'." " -

. •
MAttcu 24. --rifle Duke of Liclinno
tti on Paris With the tamps of the s•x.cnul
When the regiments learned'
that the Ealperor was npproaching the capital,-
tscv;ptuluoted in succession the national colours.
Ttte Dike (4 Belluno withrlrew, and the it 1,.
its m•u re-united its ient
11l the ;;;I.attit div4ions, in spite of tine ef,
fcrts of the Prefect Vaublaue,, and of some i.'zeoc-
i the I I 1;
. 14: pea,,,L., se omcets SCP,:,CrS a}11!1011DI-
r8 ifir..nattoti,t; cockade. 'Tice Colonel Sae:pier:l:-
not,. Aitie7de-camp ofjite Duke of iteggio,bLought
tm-day !he Add:•e,ses of •the dilfereut. corps, and
prestnted titcnt to the Emperor during the parade.
t The Onke of Aihtifera• and Gener:d Girard
Hot wait for the news of the progress of the.ntarch
Of the, Emperor, and all the troops have
_joined
titt:at,,cl: es to the wishes of al the inhabitants of
tskl.s.,tce.. Thus the_nAtional ill; flies in tha: pro-
' i-ice as in lli:re,!!!id,7 and in !'l melt Comt6.
Lieutenant-General PaitiF hacFmonnted at Or-
Lions the tri-eohetred cockade, when Marsillil St.
(.:‘,l- arrived. in that city,. and put him under ar-
;,‘-st. The trips it,l vih' Una oissiost3ly declared
in4t they w9'nld march' towards the Emperor,
putl %%Dahl join themselves to the wishes of all the
rwy, the
„),b,rshal voirrvd the city-gates to he
;:,,tit The h!.:11 e
.eu'irrv.;!;it.rs of the lit regiiti:lit
htc:ke them atid .Th
eppeared. ashal St. Cyr has ells=

'l2he city of Itoia;!.?, not) all Nrorro have,
~e;t11 an tinan:nto:.srnovement, montirLnl the na-
I:nth& cololtis 'OR° nie.iir Castric's,
i!itwelf int•) Diepp,•, bar; embarked. Ge-
-1;c141-1.,e.n:irroir;, e7qe-cantn of the Etupei•or,
toke the'conntiat,d (4 Olt d'o,ision,
it 4;1: , iota cspecVilly•the'iity of Rennes:lllli
grt'lreSt .01(111131:1S111.
,eral ri4Z, coi,n244inlitig Ole 13th divkioli, and •
Celierkti )lave i:xlressetl their sentiments
in tot Fiddli;s, bylGcnerd ()dicers, by the
11-jfir, hv Qi-licers-or.-1-dmin;stration, by all
the (:hef de (,'orps, mid by all the regiments.. The
ti,,(4), of the (Ixision hare Inareited directly to
Enta:•k the I).lke delLitirbott, who left Augers On I
tilt. 201',.

vi:oclaruittions of 1.11 i: ~voui,l at..

---asa-
rive at Poitou on ilie 17, I=ap-oa of the efh aroorel fortstheir Ihopertsr, who-, tesaccompanua , of--
of the Bourbons, who shewed themselves it-red eintself to their bayonets. They have de-
there on the 22d, the national flag will he hoisted serhed well of the French people, of 'me, and of
by the people, who do nor forget the betlefits roe." _ Here the acclamations were redoehled,
whiels-the Emperor has coofereedhupon thion• -7'. :i;ld only permitted the Emperor to add these
lieut.-General Chtuael is gene -th command at f ,rol-d4...,—,, Soldiers, yt'pl will be conitantly faith-
Boerdeaue. ,At the time of the last 'news? the fulao the great ,e)unse of the people, to French ho-
D! laws d'Aogoulente,had goitted That city, and '• '-nOnr, and to your Enloe' Or. "
had entbarked :On the liver. '
:- This review was still More numerous than any
It appears from the,Jast couriers arrived from ' "that has recently taken 'place, for from 20 to
11am-stifles, that the white cockade was still hoist- 25;000 Men were drawn. up in a small space.. -The-
ed in that city. There had been foruned there-, in 'enthusiasm of the troopi was participated by the
<staler to march against the. Emperor, enrolments - - eumerous spectators, who .covered the Place-du
to the amount,of 1,3'00 men. Marshal the Prince Caronsel.
. .
of Essliug eudeavourealeo restrain these spirits : Prince Joseph arrived on the 23d, at 2in the
the troops cried Out wnim indignation when they 1 afternoon. He alighted at the Emperor's in the
aaW the agents ef disturhance abuse and egicate l' flioilleries, and then ,rent to tire Palace Elys4e,.:
to people. These conenOtions would cease 'on lowimere lie‘ resides. The Princess Julie, and the
the -news of the entry of the Emperor into Paris,, i two Princesses, his daughters; were with him.
Whieh having reached Lvoiis on the 21st, would' ' On his
the 2
knopassag
he through Dijon on- the `3lst,, he.-
e' Wn at :Marseilles nn wits recognized and received With general accla-
-- The inhabitants and the troops .Itv !amid and i mations. . .
,
sea at Toulon have displayed the liveliest endue... : A dee'ree of :his'Majesty steepresses the censor,
siasm, and adopted the national colours. - -e, ship and the censors.. Tile late government pro-
The presence: of-the Count de Lille, of the seised us the liberty of the press, and it is the
Couitt d'Artois, and of the Duke of Berry, still i Emperor who has -given ,it. ,Ilis return has as-
checks in the Northern Departments time impulse sured to. ns for ever, the triumph of those liberal
of the people and of .the troops. Four regiments,. ideas which were perpetually talked about, which
which had left Lille, have re-entered it, and as-, were perpetually thwarted. That Government
sarmices have been received that no regiment, that which wee to guaeantee the proprietaries, to forget
notrOop of volueteers with white cockades, which errors, to preserve appointments, on' the coif-
sloladd he disposed ,to fight toeatinst- the ieterests trary alqtanc;l the proluietaries inceSt•antly, en,
Oftlie tia'tion, will be perm ittcd to enter our atere.' couraged aceereations, and dismissed the most
Forty thousand men have left Paris saccessively foe- . faithful! functionaries. Time literary holies were not
the -North. Ise adteineed guard of this army, even weft', aed the iostituteaaw its esost illustri-
ender' the. command of. Lieut.-Gen Exeeintant, ous members persecuted for old political opinions..
- ...norrow at the gates of Lille. Reports :The Constitutional Charter, which was pretended
which- have been spread this even big announce, to be given as a grant roy'e) to the reh
that, fearing to he sarrounded, the Count de 14 Ile people, was scandalously(Oet
violated.• ' Every F
daync it
only crossed this place, amid went towards Methin.- was sworn to anew, and it was enough -to have
Liettt.-General Count Morand, an (Neer dis- sneered at it, to possess a claim on all the favours i
tinguished for his talents and his services, has re- of the Court. The insolence of the Noblesse was
paired' to the western departinent. - ' - as its highest pitch. From the moment of; the .
On the 20th,the Duke trAegouleine left Nismes. restoration, France exhihitethat co ntinua strugle
Several. bodies of troops were pl.'. in mare!, to cut between birth without
tnerit, and merit without
off front hitir all commueication with the coast. , birth One called fOr the re,esiablishthent,of the
His ALtjesty to-day, in the court of the Thuil- :elix.
imes and !cures -de-cachet •another saw no
levies, reviewed the 'division i. of General Lefol, safety for the state, but in-the privileged casts.—
the division of General Dufour, tiro .grenadiers Missitinaries ran throligh the departments, charged
and the chasseurs of the old guard, and the lancers ,'to tamper with the country clergy, and engage
of the guards. ..
1 them to refuse absolution to ail the purchasers of
The old guard presented to the Emperor its an- 1 national domains. To have taken an oath of arly.
cienaeagles,which it had preserved. Ilis' Majesty kind during the revolution was a' crime; and
we
embraced them. He harangued the Officers. The .l saw respectable Prelates arrested in their own
troops manifested the liveliest enthusiasm. The houses by-order-of a Prince Who had sworn to
'i,ght of Mese brave mei), mm hose presence recalled forget the past. We shall soon discover the atro-
so meny.hrilliant actiens, and who have hanioured cious measures which were proposed at this last
thetnseloes always by the took inviolable fidelity, period, in the two Chambers, by Ministers whose
produced on theommerous spectators of the re- cruelty equalled their weakness , the laws of the
view an ethotion which was manifested by unani- suspected were Models of mercy, compared with
motes applauses mid acclamations. those measures of proscription projected by that
Addresses of the staff, of the troops of all de- Government which dared to call itself paternal,
scriptions, of the re-on'ted Officers, of the ad- and which had no power except to make the Da-
miusistrative and municipal authorities, of the nation go hack, no energy. except to disgrace it, and
tional gnarls, of cities, &c. &c. arrive from all no perseverance except to humiliate it.
.. .
parts. We will not publish the text of these ad- VALENCIENNES, MARCH 24.—0 n the 23d, the
dresses : they all contain in concise and energetic soldiers were on the point of giving vent to their
terms, the expression of that sentiment of exulta- indignation. Infed of l.of Ent-.
Lion which burst forth in our garrisons, in cities peror at
Paris, they mildthe arriva
not understandthe why
and plains, at the momeot when they were they, were not permitted to trample under foot the '
reached by the news of the Emperor's arrival on white cockade, and to mount that of the people
the French territory. The few following words of France. The General in command did not a-
comprelonsd the analysis
mp
id substance of these pear to enjoy the confidence of the troops and
of ,
addresses :
hree Cols— al, arb, hd
" Ranee t
and the Emperor are no longer sepa_
their esteemonel ; theone two oneot Colon l
hers, oldM emigotarntsa, ; i
rated. Cowards had betrayed the country : France, were
.more than suspected by them. This (ley, at
losing its Prince, lost its strength, and that senti- six . o'clock in the =ruing, Colonel Marbot
men( of glory to which it owed so many memora- mounted his horse, passed through
,the town, e
Ole actions. That army which had-so well me- and wes followed by the soldiers With cries of
cited of the, country was the object of a shameful! Vice l'Emperetir ! and the cockade and banner,'
neglect : the brave were loaded with humiliations tri-color, were immediately hoisted: One of the
and with disgusts : a small 'number of privileged emigrant Colonels took refuge in the citadel,
persons usurped their titles, their ranks,
their rso- where lie wished to maintain himself. Colonel
Dom-able recompences : recalled by the wishes of Marbot marched there. But already the battalion
a people Onessaced .with. a rCturn to Its ancient forming the garrison had torn away the white
slavery, recalled by tite wishes of the heroes who cockade froth the emigrant Colonel, and had se-
had been always faithfid to him-, the Emperor has -cured- him. IVhile this was passing, the General
re-appealed ;Thad the sentiment
.Of national ho- Commandant of the place fled, to the foreigner. -
nom-, and 'of- the grandeur of omir institutions, re- This event took place before the orders give-
vives in all our hearts : we swear to live and die Marshal Mortier had reached him.. We havp, in
under thelaws-. of the Emperor and of his dy-
nasty." . fart, only learned this evening that the Princes
Yesterda his left Lisle. yesterday, and that the Duke of Orleans
y Majesty reviewed in the court of gave this night the command to Marshal Mortier,
the l'huillerles 10. regiment's of infantry; six of trusting it tt his prudence, A party of the King's
cavalry, two .of attillery, and one of engineers. household joined our troops ;it was that which
Part of these troops had arrived by forced roaches, had been taken from them ; the other party,
frone a spontaneous movement, and, a burning de- 'which had
neves' served at least ' in our auks,
ire again to see the Emperor. Some of them had wanders about in small-detachments of two and
their old eagles, which they had concealed from three tnen in different directions, for the purpose
every search; 'others had tri-colonred flags,, t,-On i of escape.
-...-h his the .eagles were. painted. They were
lint 1 CAIN, MARCH 24.—The appearance of our nae
eent. in a single officer or soldier, with the ex- tional guard has sufficed to stifle the projects of
ee--efese of the Colonel of the 4th regiment, 'Who- the Duke d'Attmont, of a man nettled Frottee and
had. he cu cashiered for misconduct. ' : 'of some Chiefs of the- Chouans, who wished to
During theeereview the
.officers and subalterns -
•.disturb public tranquillity in our department/a--
formed a circle, and his Majesty, placed in the
They have embarked for -Jersey..
eentre, conversed with them a long time. Thanks ' CAMBRAY, Maitoit 24.—The troops here have
tip the French people, and to you, said he, the spontaneously mounted the tri-coloured cockade,
imperial throne is re-established. It is acknow- which circumstance did not occasion the least
hedged throughout the whole Empire without
.a disorder. The same event took place at Art-as,
drop of
,blood shed. The ' Count de Lille, the on the same day, and witlt a similar effect. •
Count D'Artuis, the Dukes of Berey and Orleans, ' .The Journal de Paris of the 26th contains the
have passed the frontiers of the-North; and are following political remarks :—" The foreign
gone to seek an asylum lila foreign land. The tri- Journals furnish us to-day with little ieteresting
coloured flag waves on the towers of Calais, Dun- news. We may remark, however, the Procla-
kirk , Lille, Arras, Velenciennes, Cond6, &e. Some !nation of the Prince of Orange, who, without
bands of Chouans had endeavoured to form them- waiting for the definitive decision of the Congress
selves in Poitou and in Vendee : but the voice of the at Vienna, has taken the title of King of the Ne-
people and the march of a few battalions sufficed therlands. A letter from the Hague, which we
to dissipate them, The Duke of Bourbon, who lately published, indices! HS to presume that this
had gone to foment disturbance in these provinces-, step was not eveo taken in concert with the Al-
has ernliarked at Nantes- Loud acclamations in- lied Powers. This resolution. is the consequence
t,errupted the .Emperor. How senseless they were, of those fendel principles which it is endeavoured
contioned his liajesty, and how ill they know to re-establish in Europe, viz. that nations are the
the Natioo who believed that Frenchmen would I property of certain families destined to reign eter-
consent- to receive a Prince from the very (lauds ;sally, according to what is called Divine right.
which had ravaged our territory, and who, with The ahstmlity of this principle has been a thou.'
the aid of /reason, had for a moment endeavour- sand times demonstrated, and in fact it cannot be
ed to Night our laurels. The Throne of the i supported by any other argument but that of force
Boerbons is incompatible with the new interests j —the ultimo ratio return.. It is upon this prin.
as well es with the glory of the Freseciepeople.— - elide that the greater part of Sastony has been
New
.7-teen to Prussia, against its wishes 'and its irite-
acclamations followed,and cireulated through a all the raulS,
rest ; and that the republic of Genoa has been
'' Soldieri-o resit ell the Emperor, I wish to (-rive nuited to Piech»ont, in spite of the energetic re-
a
before you a particular proof of my s.atisfaction olopstrances of the people and the Magistrates.—
wit h the brave. garrison of Grenoble. I wish aiao The Ex-Chancellor, M. Datuhriy, has not
the sth, and to that company of ruiners, to testify my gratitude to that brave battalion of lowed the King; he has retired to his estate tier,fol-
r,i
,
who, Rouen."
pieced in a defile, came in 'a body to draw up I GENoA, MAcca 15.—The troops under the
P

conii2Wd 1.=7:777777: trittc
city and advanced towards Savone. h‘s
rp-
The Kiug of Sardinia who is still hete''''
pointed the English General Dalrynylc co""'
ntandant of the garrison cif Genoa. t on
13Ast.E, iklAttcfr 15.—Marshal Sachet an
i•
Sunday last to Honnitigen, where he 117'1'3'ne
half an hour, and after the C010wg9(1,4
some instructions, de.partel for Strasborg"•
and
All the troops and militia of Vi'irtenlbcrg, to
Baden have been ordered' to be in rcatlio'i's.

march.
111P1.
Since the departure of-the Austrian.trool” i,js
M. Stithrenberg,:a provisional gi)verzwa;at
been established at,Lucca.
'FRENCH FUNDS, ArAttc,2l 24
5 per Cents ...
flank Actions .•

gt 4, C 9
GS, -
_ _..••

AIA Rem 2,5.

5 per
13:1!,li Actions

a5%,.`191.

LOTTERY DRAWS ON WEDNESDAY, FIFFIT ,
TEIRC,E PRIZES OF THIRTY THOUSAND PO'-- •ti
FIVE THOUSAND GUINEAS IN GOLD, AS SOUP
DRAWN.

AI4 LS.
ARRIVES)-1 Holland, 1 Gottenburfh, 1 Dublin. nueia-
Duc-1 Holland, I Gottenburgi, 2 fiambUrgh,
icy and J4sey, 3 Waterford.

PRICE OF STCCiCS
THZ3 DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock, 1 Bank:L. Ann. shut
a per Cent. Red. shut 1 India hoods, part is. Pr:
3 per Cent. Cons. ;Ail 511 Excheq. Bills, is. 4s. c"5"
4 per Cent. Cons. shut (Minium, 1244- (Lis-
per Ct. Navy:kith. 87,-11 Cons. for April, 5744 •

1I1( iI wATEit AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-NIORBO:!1.i,
lonling-, la minute., at tei' G. Evening, 36 luinuNs .

THE: SUNd

mii.rm Q1:18 DICEKE FALSUM AUDEAT

LONDON.
THURSDAT, IILtIRCH 30,1615.

A single Frenc!: Paper (the Journal du 61:
merce) of the 27th, has just been received'
contains no information whatever, relative t°t
movements of the French Arthies. The '°°
ing is an extract from it :
" PARIS, MARCH 26.—1 t is said that
tf~e;r
AUGEREAU and MAcnoNALD, have retired t°
have
estates. It is also said that the-trnperor t'
the most favourable reception to the old MO:
er
SERRORIER, inviting hint to renew their Orin
friendship."

, pits Two days French Papers, the 25th and 26th,ix
us in possession of a few meagre facts which
the first week's reign bf the renewed Dynast the
poleon. They give in substance the detailsP
military defections, of the generality of which 0,
i no
have been long aware ; and particularize so
half dozen of Marshals who have publicly nVe
themselves to be the rotten-hearte4, dis."
nourable, and worthless Traitors we have all altiog
declared them to be. Thus MORTIER, with 1,j5
lio
16th military division in the North, states,
all the soldiers in that quarter, includirig the gl-4
risons of lc QuesnoY,-•Maubege, Valenciernie6,
Landrecy,:Conde, and Avesnes, have declare-
ti„,
the Corsican Chief and the French Nation
DINoT says as much for Metz, the bend-quart
ers
to which he was appointed by the Bonaso°'
erji
swore to maintain for them, and the Tasters..
SUCH ET answers with enngeni
oar'
perjury • for the devotion of Alsace, •
Bundy, and Franche Comte : and CAFFAa o.oe
in a dispatch vouches for the loyalty of Breck'ers
and the West. Thus, as one of the Paris PI at
would desire us to believe, France " roP°ses
• hat
last in all its glory and dignity." We confess'ces
we seem to ourselves, while reading such sen-te fect
as this, to have as yet acquired very in'P°.
if
notions of the meaning of words. %°': iin••
stt gloire et ea dignile," have the same s'ilted
cation in- ttongue, he French as their trans t
tht
synonymes have in English ?—and -11 d 1 %yids
they must stand for entirely opposite ideas
us, for example, the glory and dignity of the
tion is reckoned to consist in a le.itimategnn'. in
who has never shed the blood of his
ts
e or
waging unjust wars of aggression for llli o'-'
feat his family's aggrandizement, or suffered "
voke
home by the reaction of united nations, P°
;iv all
to vengeance by his perfidiousness, barbari`J'bt tO
tyranny;---with tts glory and dignityare th°4
be connected with an unst4ned Nobility, Met'
leo,
would die beforetheyviolated a sacred engager' ge.,
men decended from lone lines of the ancient
104°-
roes of the land, whose loyalty ever rallie(f ,
in support of the Throne, and whose sense °
tish liberty always ranged them am"'
vocates for the People's Rights ;—with 1)s;;EIJ
subjee
and dignity are imanined to be consistent it
b • ; the
powerful Democracy, taking that share which • ,11
weight entitles them to-take in the admir•-5 ti-ot(
tb
,o
si't
of the country •c
ready et all times to
risto'
encroachments of. Royal prerogative or 9 , tbe
cratic• assumptions, jealous the liher6" nod
nation, the advisers of a limited Sov--
not the puppets of a Despot. In o°ll' duit
there has long prevailed a ridiculous notion'
1eu••
-.•
were our Prince an unprincipled fc'reg.n af'.-
aro."
ttner upheld 7)y the bayonets of an

.1/0 Winces
