Meintninken.

LAVSANNi, SE)T. 19.—We are just informed
that Fort 'Satins bai capitulated to the Atistri
and is occupied by them, and that the blockade Ot
i7Ort Jouk, is raised. The garrison cif Salins con-
sisted of only 50 men, who marched out With the
honour's of war, and had two cannon With them.

. .
From Pontal.lier we hear, that the gdvernor of
gefort pas received orders to evacuate that place,
and to deliver it up to the Austriaii

FitAintirOitT, SEPT. 24.—The French were much.
iurPrised-', as we learn 'from Paris, that a (iih Pros
, •
siao corps entered France. They know by this
`tiine that a '7l.h corps is also on its march to
France, by the ivay 6f Liege. But hor will they.
be astonished when they find that an Bth corps is
gding to pay them a visit. Even at an earlier
perii•d they said, they could not conceive where
`the icing of i'rUssia could procure all chose sot..

MANiIEIK, SEPT. "../.Z.—.lne return of the Rus-
sian troops from France, through this city, has
already begun.' Yeterday several detachitienm
arrived, some of ivbich Marched farther, while the
others remained here. NVg have already a very
considerable number of RuSsian Othetirs.

GENOA, SEPT. 12.—The insecurity of the Me-
diterrime:in s•za increases every moment, and yet
our coasts are,so defenceless, that they are ex—
posed to every attack of armed robbers, (this is
for example :tire case at Spezzia', where the can-
Anon taken away by:the EOglisO have not yet been.
reprkeed). .As soon its hostilities began beiwecn;
Algiers and Spain, the Tripolitaas dee/fared war
against Denmark, aukbave already captured eight
Or ten ships. The Heet of Tunis, consisting of
seve(l frigates hod 'smaller vessels, is ready to
put to sea ; it is not yet known with what in
tenfidon.
_ _ _

AlgCrine tril'sairs lately landed near Terracin'a;
bet Ween. Rome, and Naples, stopped and- pion-
derv(' two carriages,. and carried the travellers
into slavery.' All-this, let people say what they*
will, is a disgrace to the English, in sight of
whose numerous fleets these excesses are com 7
anitted, as well as a reproach to tine indolence
and want cif
,energy of the Italian Governments.
Canova is commissioned to reclaim the Romeo.
'treasures of art at Paris. It was certainly im-
possible to find any one, 'whose voice deserves
thore attention when it- enforces the adtantagr.
that the arts •wili derive from this act pf justice.
All are artists in Rome, foreigners a 5 ‘vell'os na-
tives, have endeavoured to support this reclarna•
tion by a memorial to the High Allied Powers.
The late decree of the King of NaTiles, annull-
ing the flotations and gifts of national domains
(witho!:t nn onerous title), as
,well as the sale of
the estates of emigrated Neapolitans, produces
very unpleasant sensations.
People say-a Prince should never explain away
his words, and if the usurpers had a right tR sell
national domains, it would be difficult' to prove
that they had not also 'the right to give them.
away. The I.lnuitou Courts, in whatever
,situa:,-
tion 'they may appear tq be, should not forget,
that they are till bonnd together by One crninoa
fate, and that what any of them does is felt also
by the subjects-Of the other, and may give °mt..
sion to fear and reaetfem.
Rivrtsßoti,
21.—Tbt return of the Aus,
trian Land wehr from France Makes the main road,
that passes tore„gh this city, very
there arrive larger or smaller detachMents,,which
eithet pass through or h4lt a day,
•

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCII
,PA PERS,

[RECEIVED T 1415 MORNING:3

(Front tl. 'mannVcs bcbals.)
SErr.`29.—The:Grand.thikes of Russia,
illiciiacl and Nicholas, ha vt,!` imid their farewell
visit to the King—and the Royal Family.
His Imperial Highness- the Grand Duke Con-
stantine set, out yesterday evening.

We are assured that Baron :Marchand, who was
particulaily attached to the Ministry of War, and
Baron ;lustre!, Connnander of the 2d Division,

hnve retired.

The superior Officer at Paris, who is Com-
mandant for the Emperor of Russia, has invited
the Ministry of War td west the numerous Rus-
sian deseiters, who are scattered through the
different departments of Fritiee.

M. Desmarcst, Mineralogist, and Member of
the Ist Class of the institute, died on the 27th of
this month. • He was SO years of age.
The presence of Murat has excited sQtne troubles
Bastia ; but it is to-day believed that he has
rinittcd Corsica to go to Amstria, where leis
-,;ilc is.

They write from Naples, " The. General Coun-
cil of the pros inces of the kingdom of Naples are
COnvoked for the Ist of October, but their Session
will terminate at the latest on the 10th of the
game month."

An opinion has appeared, signed by M.Lacroix
Frainville, the conclusion of which is, that a Mi-
litary Commission is not competent to try Marshal
Ney. The lawyer supports himself on the 69th
article of the Constitutional Charter, which de-
clares
that military men are to preserve their ti-
tles and their privileges ;--riow one of the privi-
leges 'of Mars!)als, according to the Constitution,
was, not to be liable, as great Officers of the Em-
pire, to be iudked by any except the High Court ;
passing then to the privileges which belonged to
the ancient Marshals of France, M. LacrOix Frain-
vine affirms, that they have always
,beeni regarded
as great Officers of the Crown, and that in
that quality they could :only be judged by
the Court of Peers. The history of France
furnishes, it is trite, the example of four Marshals;

who, not .being Peers, have.Tieep judged by Com-
missions ; but at the same time, history, says M.
Lacroix t'rainville, has annulled its judgments,
and Parliaments hate appealed by diverse decrees
against such a violation of the Laws; -
STRASBU4GH,SEPT.2S.-Ttrepassag,e of Russian
troops through the Northern parts--of the depart-
14nt of the Lower Rhine, towards the Rhine, is
in full activity. The 6th corps 'of the army will
bave terminated its march by the 9th of Octo-
ber, and the sth corps by the 13th of the same
Month. The 6th passes from Bitch through Nie-
ri,ersteinbach, Wissembourg and Billigheim to go
to Neustadt. The 12th division passes through
Sarguemines. The number of these troops is es-
timated at about 60,000

Dons, SEPT. 26,—Their Majesties the Em-
peror of Anstria and King of Prussia arc expected
bete in a few days.

CLiGgNP.IIHAT (i 4 Carintia), SEPT.
INTAjesty. the Emperor of Austria is to be at Milan
about the 15th October.

(From the Gazette de France.)

PArtts, SEPT. 29.—The Emperor of Austria ;eft
Paris this morning at six o'clock, with a suit of
six carriages. The Prussian Guard immediately
relieved the posts at the }lota where his Majesty
had lodged, which gives reason to presume that
no Austrian troops will remain at Paris.
The Emperor of Russia goes direct to Brus-
sels.—From thence his Majesty goes to Dijon
through Rheims.
M. Vaublanc, Minister of the Interior, is ex%
pected to-Morrow at Paris.

Almost all the Members' of the Chamber of
Deputies are at Paris, and already several assem-
blages have taken place. In one of them at
which M. Laiue was present, there were 385
persons.

They write from Genera, that the Emperor
of Austria,, in passing throngh that city, will
be accompanied by the .Duke of Wellington
arid Prince •lihicher, and that: Majesty the
• ;;12: of Prussia will prohahii,':-at the sane tithe,
into ,s‘iiizerland.
make a new journey
Madame Hortense is still at Aix,
but intends to return to lire at her old COMltry-
seat of Prugny in Switzerland./ M. Flauhaut has
quitted Aix ; where he sat this moment is un-
known.

.buiIiIDEAUX, SEPT. 25.—The afFair of the bro-
thers Faucher of the R4ole, is terminated.
The Council of War haS unanimously declared,
that C&ar Faucher, acensed.of baying retained his
couunund cofttrary to the will of the Government,
n gurky.
The aiarue person -is alsii.'folind guilty of having
of iced civil war, having collected gensd'annes in

ills house, and of Navin, kept dOwii the loyalty of
the inhabitartß.

Constantine Firfeher is found guilty of the
same crimes, but both he anti his brother are ac-
quitted of having stiluced the soldiers to desert
their standards, and to join the baud Florieur.
They are both condemned to death:

The .:accused heard their sentence tvith the ut-
most Arnniess. They have prepared for the re-
vision of their sentence, but the most distinguish-
ed Advocates at our.Barhave refuzed their ser-
vices to the accused.

VENICE) SEPT. 18.—It is believed that a Treaty
will be entered into between all the Italian Princes
on the model of the Germanic league.
The English begin to come to our city—Lord
Wm. Ben thick is expected here.

The news from the Levant state, that the plague
has mad'; terrible ravages in Epirus.
The city of Ragusa is in confusion .and disor-
der. The affair of the Bishop of Montenero has as-
sumed a very serious character. He can no longer
be considered as a leader of barbarians, but as a
man who u ishes to extend his dominion over the
whole of Dalmatia, Illyria, and the lonian
Islands. It is pretty evident that Turkey co-ope-
rates with the insurgents whose movements• have
assumed
.a most serious aspect.
Troops are expected front France to reinforce
the garrisons of the frontier places of Dalmatia.
An order of the Governor forbids military men
to fix their abo44e at Venice, with the exception.of
the natives of that place. -
BOLOGNA,SEPT.l7.—TheproscriptioaofFrencb
books is general. The Etoge Ilistorique de Louis
I'l. ; and above all, the Relatione de tontes Ics
Cer4monies qui ont en lieu per l'incoronazione di
Napoleone in Parigi.
PETERSBURG, AUG. 29.—The prospect of an
approaching peace with France, and of the return
of the Emperor our beloved Monarch, with his
victorious army, causes the utmost joy here:

_COPENHAGEN, SEPT. H.—The Diet.of Norway
has, in its sitting of the 9th olAtignst, granted to
the King for his Civil List 64,000 crowns ;—to
the Prince Royal, 32,000, and to the Duke of
Suderinania, 16,000. -

(From the Journal de Paris)

PARTS, SEPT. 30.—The National Guard of Va-
lenciennes has been informed by a general order
of the 26th, that the Emperor.of Russia would
pass through that city,on the 26th.
(This Journal mentions having received a letter
from M. Ilerryer, the Advocate of Marshal Ney,
which was too long for insertion, appealing
against an- Ann nymous writing, entitled "
Re-
flexions sur les Menzoiresjustificatifs. pour It Mureehal
A great many of the men of property in the
arrondisement of Dux have united to form a
squadron of National Guards on horseback, to
prove theirlortlty and devotion to the King.

Some robberies, during the night, were com-
mitted at Nismes on the 18th and 19tli of this
month.

A letter fromAugshurgh mentions that Prince
Eugene Bcauharnois still lives in a retired man-
ner at Munich.

[The Joulnal des behats contains a long allo-
cution from Pope Pius VII. to the Secret Can-
sistory held on the 4th Sept. 1815. We have no
room for any extract or analysis of it to-day, but
it is neither interesting nor important.]

(Franz Galignani's Illesseiger.)

PAnts, SEPT. 29.---They write from Bastia of the
13th inst.,--" The arrival of the Ex-King Murat
has put our country into disorder. Yesterday M.
Casall, au advocate, was assassinated on coming
out of church, the disordcrs,multiply, and in a
manner to make all honest men fear. If the Go-
vernment do not adopt prompt and vigorous mea-
.sures, our country will be enveloped in all the
horrors Of anarchy."
It is said the Emperor Alexander will go to Va-
lenciennes,_front thence to Brussels and. Frank-
fort, where the Allied Sovereigns will meet.
The Austrian troops which had left Lucy-le-
Bois, Avalon, and Vermeliton, tti: go to the camp
of Joigny, received on their route orders to return
to their cantonments.

Four large barges with artillery left the quai
Malaquais this morning for Rouen, each had a
frussiati guard on board. A vast number of the
Allied troops are now at Strasbourg.

France. A .certiiin sign of this i's,
that Baron Stciil has left

The same patie'r 'has a letter from Aix-la-Cha-
pelle, of the 15th SePtetubtl., •which says, •8 pair
'ticular condition of 6'4 11'61, with, France.: is,
that ail the armies shall be Uetv clothed. The
-payment of the contribittionS rocs on rather Gil.-
dily ; it is, however, said, that the first instalment
will be fully discharged in a few dayB.
Another of our papers says, that General Tet-
tenborn is. appointed Russian .Commissioner in the
Island of St. Helena.

VIENNA, SEPT. 1 6.—(Froln a Letter.)—Prince
Panl Esterhazy, who is appointed our Ambassador
in London, has a salary. of 90,000 florins.
The Grand Duke of Modena has resolved to
admit the Jesuits again into his States, and has
for that purpose already established a College of
12 Members of the ()Mei of the Jesuits.

Westin hive no farther information respecting
the negociations at Paris : however they may ter-
minate, every attentive observer has remarked the
harmony and-intimate connections- between Au-
stria and :Prussia which has lately taken place ;
and if the late commotions in France had no other,
result than this, they must be considered, on this
account ;dove, as a happiness for Germany.
PETERSBURG, AUGUST 25.—0 n the 2d of this
month, at five P._ M. the lightning struck the rope
manufactory of the Messrs. Sosanows. It en-
teved the stone building in the upper story, in
which there were 7,000 pond of tarred !imp
yarn, and 4,000 pood of tar in casks. In. a mo-
ment the inside. of the upper story was in tiamei.
Happily the threatening danger was averted by
the speedy arrival of the engines, and the:wise
Measures adopted ; the work ,was carried on the
following clay in the manufactory.
BERLIN, SEPT. 23.—The town.. ara- fortress of
Thorn were delivered up on the 12th to the Prus-=
sian troops. The ceremony of tiding homage will
soon take place.
ALTONA, SEPT. 23.—Yesterday the head-quar-
ters of, the Danish auxiliary corps arrived at .
Wandsbeck.—\Ve hear that his Royal• Highness
Prince Ferdinand, of Denmark, is gone for sonic
time to Paris..

DUTCH MAIL,

[RECEIVED THIS MORNING.]

COBLENTZ, SEPT. 23.—The Minister Baron
Stein will go to the Diet of the Confederation at
Frankfort, on the part of Prussia, at tlic,Ve
time a testimony and a guarantee of the sincerity
of the sentiments which animate this Government.

As several very worthy men, we hear, have
the same destination, Germany, which after the
results of the Vienna Congress, hat: reason almost
to despair of its salvation, may entertain new
hopes that at least, as the Treaty of Paris will be
subjected to alterations, the work of the Consti,.
tution will be Moulded in a different form.

BRUSSELS, SEPT. 27.—A1l the private letters
from Paris speak again positively of the cession
of some of the French fortresses of the first line
to the kingdom: of the Netherlands : ;hey posi-
tively mention Givet, Philippeville, Quesnoy, and
Curial. They also state, that Lille and Valen-
ciennes are to 'have Nery4trong garrisons of Eng-
lish, HdnoverianS, and Netherland troops. We
arc, of cotirse, very impatient for authentic.-ac-
counts.

The influx-of strangers of distinction into this
city. is so great, that it is extremely difficult to find
lo kings for them. We hope to see the King of
Prussia here, as well as the Emperor of Russia.
The garrison wt Thionville, consisting of 3000
men, seems resolved to make an` obstinate de-
fence.

AMSTERDAM, SEPT. Excellency Lieu-
tenant-General the Count of Limburg Sterum,
our Governor, is sent by our Sovereign to Mons,
in order to meet his Majest y the Empertir of Rus-
sia, and afterwards to accompany him to Brus-
sels.

ERRATA in TIIE Su r,f yesterday.—The Father of the qal-
lant Col. Cameron,. of the 92d (Highlanders), who fell at
guatre Bras, has been created a Barvnet, nut a Baron, as
erroneously stated.
.•
In our remarks on the disaster of Porlier, the word " not"
ought to be inserted in the seventh line before "afford,"
and the passage will read—" a nation willingly enslaved does
not atfard fit materials for modern reform and philosophy to
work with." - •

*** Many Articles for pubiication are again unavoidably
postponed.

MAILS.

Annlvn-1 France, 1 Faniburgh, 1 Guernsey and Jersey,
1 Dublin. I)uE-1 Lisbon, I Holland, I Gottenburgli,
I.Waterford.

PRICE Oi STOCKS .
Tlll3 DAY AT T‘YELVE O.CL,3CIC.
India Bonds, tis. is. dis.
Exchcq. Bills, 33. Gs. dis.
'Onininna, lii pr.
Omniutn 'fur Account, 8 pr.
ICons. fur ACcuunt, 57.8

Bank Stock,
'3 per Cent. Red. shut
3 per Cent. Cons. 57+i
4 per Cents. shut •
5 per Cent. Navy Ann. 841 i
Mink L. ttnn. shut

HIGH WATEtt AT LO? noN BRIDGE TO-NIORROW.
Niortiiiig, 4 minutes after 3. J Evening, 4-2 mintat es after 3.

THE SUN.

8.1.EN1 QUIS DICERE FALSUM AIIDEAT ?

LONDON,
TUESD.4I', OCTOBERS, 1815,
