cruel and barbarous encroachments. Let England
but show herself in a hostile attitude, and the whole
populations of Turkey, Poland, and Circassia will rise
to a man against their sanguinary invader. Should
the war become general, as no doubt it would, Sweden
and Denmark, in self-defence, would join the alliance
against the common enemy, and even the Governments
of Austria and Prussia would be unable to make their
subjects the instruments of their own degradation.
France would be in a similar position—the detested
Louis Phillippe, influenced by a desire of continuing his
dynasty, would then be as anxious to conciliate the
French people, as lie now is to gain the favourable
opinion of foreign despots. What, then, would be
the condition of Russia ? Could she maintain herself

against such a vast combination ? She could not—
nor would she even attempt to do it. As soon as she
would perceive the first symptoms of determined in-
terference by England, she would become as submis-
sive as she is now insolent.. Her statesmen have too

sound a perception not to perceive that a general war
must shake her colossal empire into its original chaos.
The whole force of the empire was barely sufficient to
subdue Poland. Circassia at present maintains a glo-
rious defence, and has recently-gained considerable ad-
vantages, as was noticed in our paper of Saturday. The
general feeling in these quarters may be judged of by the
expression of the exiled Poles, who refused to march
on a plundering excursion against the Circassians.
" We will," said these brave but unfortunate men,
" shed no more honest blood ; we refuse to be the
butchers of Nicholas ! kill us, if you please, but we
will not fire upon men whose only crime is our
own—the love of liberty and their country. We have
no enmity against the unfortunate Russian serfs who
wear a Russian livery, they are 'the unwilling instru-
ments of an inhuman master. We will die, but we will
not shed the bl3cel of the brave Circassians." • Shall
we not come to the rescue of these heroes before the
iron of slavery sinks so deep into their souls as to suf-
fer them to become the degraded tools of the tyrant?
As we have before observed, Russia's chief power of
aggression arises from the timidity of England's policy,
—she imposes alike on the credulity and fears of our
statesmen. Her intellectual ability is pre-eminent—
but the question is now become so narrowed, that deci-
sion and firmness are more necessarythanextraordi-

nary genius. Let the Government of Great Britain but
take a position on the principle of causing international
rights to be respected, and the courage and high-toned
energies of the people will do the rest.—Morn. Advt.
Although we remain sensible of the necessity of
effecting a permanent commutation of tithes, we have
with reluctance arrived at the conclusion that the com-
pulsory clauses of Lord John Russell's Bill cannot be
brought into operation in their present shape, without
great injustice to the owners and occupiers of land,
and great mischief, direct and indirect, to the com-
munity. Under the Bill, tithes are to be commuted
for a perpetual rent-charge, secured by powers of dis-
tress and entry and perception of profits (of which a
word by-and-bye), and the principle of the compulsory
clauses is that the amount of the ret-charge which is
to be 13-aid henceforth and for ever on each particular
farm or field, is to be determined by the net value of
the land—not even by its capability, if it may be so
termed, of yielding, gross produce—not even by the
actual gross produce during any long period of time ;
but by the amount of the gross produce which, during
the short p,,riod of seven years, in pasture or in til-
lage cultivation, under good husbandry or bad hus-
bandry, great expenditure or little expenditure,
and all the accidents of cultivation or cropping
the land to be charged may have happened to yield ;
and the tithe-owner may compel a rent to be so fixed
on any land he may choose. If a landlord, therefore,
during the last seven years, happens to have been
cursed with a good tenant (for a curse the Bill makes
him), or if, being himself an occupier, he has been
afflicted with industry and capital, or still more, with
the mania of improvement, his gross produce will have
been high in proportion to the gross produce of his
neighbouis farm. He may not, it is true, have re-
ceived profit in proportion to his expenditure or to his
gross returns ; but this accident,to which many ingenious
cultivators are liable, will not excuse him. The parson
is to be invited to pounce on him, and our im-
prover and his heirs are to be punished in perpetuity
for the offence of havinggrown two cars of corn
where one grew before. He is to be made subject to
a perpetual rent charge, higher than his indolent neigh-
bour's, nicely adjusted in proportion to the superior
productiveness of his farming. A penal rent, an in-
creased or new rent to be payable on account of speci-
fied acts of waste or bad husbandry, are familiar to
those who are acquainted with leases. Lawyers are
generally considerate enough to limit the term of this
penalty by the continuance of the offence, and even
the charge of tithes now continues only so long as the
productiveness of the capital expended remains unex-
hausted. But the mercy of the Legislature is to allow

the parson to charge with a penal rent in perpetuity any
landlord who by himself .or his tenant is caught in the
fact of productive cultivation. The working of the
principle in its effect on the industrious, as
compared with the negligent cultivator, is ob-
jectionable and repulsive . enough, and would
alone, when the measure began to be felt,
excite great and just complaint. But the more
general and all-pervading objection to the principle is
the heavy perpetual charge which it fixes on that
land which happens, during. the last seven years, to
have been under the plough, as compared with that
which, during the same time, has been in pasture.
We have before us an estimate of the value of the
gross produce (one year with another) of a farm in
one of the eastern counties, about one-third bob),
meadow and pasture, and two-thirds under tillage, iu
what is called the four shift husbandry. As we know
that the estimate was formed by an experienced man,
and without any reference to such a catastrophe as
the compulsory clauses would bring upon tillage farms,
we prefer it as an illustration of the working of the Bill
to any supposed cases. Estimate of the produce of a
farm of 1551- acres in :-
05 acres in wheat, at 7 combs (3A- quarters)
per acre, at 25s £245 0 0
24 do. barley, 10 combs per acre, at 16s l9l 0 0
25 do. turnips, &c 175 0 04
25 do. clover

Gross produce of 99 acres arable X 714 0 0
441 meadow and pasture B9 0 0
12 rough pasture lB 0 0
