LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 16, 1833.

FOR EDINBURGH.

THE LEITH AND LONDON NEW
STEAM-S HIPS, ROYAL WILLIAM and
ROYAL ADELAIDE, each 200 horse's power, are now
appointed to sail from the St. Katharine's Dock Wharf,
London, and will land their Passengers, &c., in Leith
Harbour, as follows :
ROYAL WILLIAM, WM.} Saturday,
CHAPLIN, Commander
ROYAL ADELAIDE, JAS /
Saturday, May 25, at Ten, P.M.
MILLS, Commander
ROYAL WILLIAM ,aturday, June 1, at Ten, P.M.
ROYAL ADELAIDE Saturday, June 8, at Ten, P.M,
And every following Saturday till further notice.
FARES, INCLUDING PROVISIONS.
First Cabin £4 4 0
Second Ditto 2 10 0

May 18, at Ten, P.)l.

Carriages, Horses, and Goods, on Freightatrusual.

Information obtained, berths secured, and Goods re-
ceived for shipment, at the Leith and Glasgow Wharf. Also,
by Thos. Robertson, 164, Strand ; H. Underwood, 56,
Haymarket; M. Saunderson, Boar and Castle Inn, Ox-
ford-street ; Mr. Slark, Old White Horse Cellar, Picca•
dilly ; and Mr. Gilbert, Blossoms Inn, Lawrence-lane,
Cheapside ; where light goods are received, and forwarded
to the Wharf till Five o'clock on the day of starting.
JOSEPH ADAMS, Agent,
Leith and Glasgow Wharf.

THE MARKETS.

XT.—May 15.'
Per Ton. s d.
Walls End Hotspur.-- 13 9
Walls End Newmarch-- 14 3
Ditto Peareth.----- 14 0
Walls End Perkins & Co. 14 0
Walls End Riddell's 15 6
Walls End Walkei 15 0
Bells 14 0
Lambton's Primrose 14 6
Walls End Hetton 16 3
Walls End Lyons 14 3
Walls End Lamhton 17 0
W. E. Russell's Hetton—, 16 3
Stewart....—.. 16 6
Walls End Butter rinowl 14 0
Walls End Stockton ,--... 13 0
Walls End Spencer:—,.— 14 0
Walls End Tees 15 9
Cowpen 14 0
LlangennechiCeal....-25 0
Silkstone Field and Co.— 13 3
Tantield Trader, . . ~ 16
ast market-day, 85.

LEWES MARKET.—May 14.
White Wheat (per quarter).—X2 16 oto £2 18 0
Red ditto 2 8 0 2 12 0
Barley—.
Oats, New
Pease 1 la 0 1 14 0
Oil Cake. New l2 0 0 per thousand.
CHELTENHAM M

Per Bushel. s. d. to s. d.
Wheat
Barley 4 0 5 6
Oats 4 0 4 3
Beans
Pease 5 0 7 0
Hay 3/. lOs

lARKET.—May 14.
Pet lb. d. to d.
Beef 6 7
Mutton
7. 71

Veal
Pork
Lalob 0 0
to 3/, 15s. Ocl. per ton

stated that hundreds pushed him right and left as he was
pushing forward to the open space. The orders for re-
moving the division be had up to Calthorpe•street
were given him by his superior officers, Mr. Mayne
and Colonel Rowan. There was no one who com-
manded the Commissioners but the Secretory of State.
The bills stating the meeting was illegal came from the
bead-office, and were received by him to be posted in every
division of the Metropolitan districts. At the time we
were going through Calthorpe-street, hundreds were pass-
ing on each side. The stone that was thrown at him on
going down Calthorpe•street hit his hand, but did not hurt
him ; the cuff of his coat came over it. Was unable to say
what sort of a dagger it was a man made a pass at him
with, and had no idea what the length of it was. Did
not direct his men to rush forward. They appeared to
consider they had a discretionary power. They did not
do it from his orders. He did not take the man who
attempted to strike him with the dagger : the man stooped
down and crawled along on his hands and knees.
Constables were placed outside the doors of the stables
where the prisoners were, and as they were brought
in, their names were taken down. Knew of no no-
tice having been given to the people to disperse—their
orders were peremptorily to disperse the mob. His men
attacked the man with th. flag.
A person (whom•we believe to be a barrister), here in-
troduced himself into the room, in spite of the efforts to op.
pose him by the officer. After he had accomplished his
footing, the barrister said, " I appeal to you, Mr. Co-
roner, whether I have not a right to be present. Has not
the Court of King's Bench decided that the Coroner's
court is to be an open court? I have some important
communications to make, and evidence to give. Under
these circumstances, I ask you, Sir, whether you as ill
order me to be ejected by this man (the officer)?—(" Turn
him nut," from the Jury.)
The CorsoNEa•—l cannot he interrupted i❑ this man-
ner. Let him stop in, officer, if he remains quiet.
J. Redwood, policeman, 164., C division, examined—
About 3 o'clock on Monday he was on duty in Calthorpe-
street. Heard Sergeant John Brook halloo out " Oh,"
and at the same time saw a man, named George Fursey,
pass by with a banner, with red and white stripes, and in
one corner with stars painted upon it. He then left his
ranks, and demanded the banner from Fursey, which he
refused to give up. He then seiz-d the flag. Whilst he
had hold of the banner, he saw Fursey raise his right hand
with something in it representing a blade, terminating
with a sharp point, about six or eight inches in length.
Deponent put out his left arm to defend himself, and the
instrument Fursey had in his hand passed through depo•
Dent's left arm. He still held the banner firmly fast by
his right hand, but Fumy tried to escape, still holding
the instrument in his hand. He drew him back, called
for assistance, and gave him into custody to two officers of
the C division, who took the prisoner away to the White
Horse-yard. The whole occupied about three minutes.
The instrument was found.

By the Forettian— Cross-examination—Had previ-
ously direct orders to seize all the flags by the Super-
intendent.

Two daggers were produced to the Jury.
Mr. Richard Fowler, ironmonger and smith, No. 9),
Gray's Inn-lane, then deposed, that about half-past two
o'clock, on Monday, he passed the Calthorpe Arms, on
coming from dinner. On his getting a little way from the
house, be saw a quantity of policemen, below Calthorpe.
street, and the people—men, women, and children were
running and tumbling one over the other. On seeing
this, he returned to the Calthorpe Arms, where there were
a great many policemen, who were dragging persons out
of the Calthorpe Arms by the collar, and was opposed en-
ter ing the house by the policemen. He received a good
many blows on his shoulders, his back bone was made
quite sore by the pokes of the policemen's staves. Was
determined to force bis way in, and in getting in he went up
stairs, and entered the room where the inquest was now
being held. He threw up the sash, and looked out at the
window when he saw the policemen running up Calthorpe-
Street. They had not been in Calthorpe-street three
minutes before lie saw the deceased policeman coming up
from Calthorpe-street, and on his attempting to enter he
fell on the threshold of the door. Saw the blood running
down his trousers very fast, and witness immediately ran
down stairs to help him in. He could then see no wound
in him. He then, with the assistance of other persons,
carried him into the yard, and laid him on a table. He
then went for a doctor, and on his return he found the
deceased dying. On pulling out his shirt to see where
the wound was, it appeared as though a pail of blood came
from him. The deceased never spoke; he died within
about ten minutes from the time when the witness first saw
him. After his examination had been read over to him
the witness stated there was one thing which he
had forgotten to mention, which was, that on examin-
ing the deceased's wound, he spat upon the place and
rubbed it over with his hand, to see what sort of shape
it was, when it appeared to him to be a square hole.
There were four points to it. It appeared to him to
have been done by a square-pointed instrument. On the
instruments being shown to the witness, which had been
produced for the inspection of the jury during the early
part of the day, be was asked if he thought either of the
instruments would have caused such a wound, and
be replied he did not think they would. Did not see any
brickbats or stones thrown.

George Henry Kent, who was at Coldbath-fields for
the Morning Post, saw the deceased first on Monday, at
Dawson's livery-stables, Gray's Inn-lane, about two
o'clock. About three o'clock heard the announcement
that the men were to fall in, and walked with them to the
corner of Calthorpe-street. As the men entered Cal-
thorpe-street, the ranks were broke❑ by a cart. He then
turned round and saw the deceased in the file behind.
They had arrived about three doors up the street, when
he saw Mr. Baker struck on the head by a stone. The
mob was hurrying down the street very fast,
and about a minute after the first stone was thrown there
was a scene of general confusion. Saw a man with a
flag. There was a great rush by the police towards him.
A: that instant, deponent turned round, and saw the de-
ceased keep his situation in the ranks behind. Does not
know whether Cully was one of those going towards the
flag, but he deviated a little towards the left. Afterwards
saw the deceased in the yard dead.

Thomas Flack, policeman C 126, was in Caltborpe.
street on Monday. Was about two yards from the de-
ceased, who came from a door-way and said he was stabbed.
Two men came from the same direction, and at-
tacked deponent's comrade with some instrument.
One of the men was dressed in a green frock coat, with a
velvet collar, black trousers, and a white apron he bad
light hair, and a fair complexion. His hat was off, anti
in his left hand. He appeared to be about 40 years of
age, and about 5 feet 7 inches high. The ether man was
dressed in a dark snuff-coloured coat, light waistcoat, and
he believes drab trousers or small clothes, is not certain
which ; of a dark complexion, and about. 5 feet S in height.
Charles Everart, of Tyso-istreet, surgeon, deposed, that
about five minutes before three, he was standing at the
corner of Guildford-steeet, Gray's Inn-lane, when a party
of men with banners came down the lane, and
turned into Ckhorpe-street. Wishing to avoid the crowd,
he turned into Well-street, but curiosity prompted him to
stay to see the conduct of the mob. Standing at the door
of No. 5, Gough-street North, he observed the police with
uplifted staves, breaking the heads of all who were near.
Numbers of people, for safety, fled past the door
where he was standing, and they were pursued by
the police. He withdrew inside the door when the police
passed him. Observing the place covered with police, he
came up Well-street, and within a few doors of the Cal-
thorpe Arms, heard that a man had been wounded.
Wishing to render any assistance that lay in
his power, he entered the house, and, in the
hack yard found the deceased lying on his back. The
pulsation at the wrist had nearly ceased. Upon examin-
ing his lett side, found a punctured wound, which, on
intro.weing his finger, he round had entered the cavity of
the chest. When the head was raised he concluded some
Large blood-vessel was wounded, which on examination
proved to be the case. In conjunction with Mr. Simpson.
'"(geunl f Gray's Inn-lane, opened the body, and found
a I irge vein punctured, which was the critic of the man's
death.

By a Jurytnan—Satv no disposition on the part of
the people to break the peace, and does not believe then
would have been any tumult if the police had not been
th•re.

(The Inquest adjourned t,ll 5 o'clock to-morrow evening.)

Died, on Monday se'linight, at South Warn.
borough, lints, Dlr. JOHN DICKER, aged 95
years; and
on the Thursday following, at ihe same Alice, Mr. Trios
DICKER, aged 92 years. Tbe two brothers were natives
01 the village, where they have always occupied fauns.

(PRICE 7D.)

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY 15.

Mr. HODGES and other 'persons from the Commons
brought up the London and Greenwich Railway Bill,
with the Lords' ameuclutents agreed to. Also several
other private Bills.

Petitions against slavery were presented by the Earls of
Roseberry and Radnor, and Lord Bexley, Lord Seagrove,
Earl Fitzwilliam, and Lord Suffield, who presented 200
others, for its immediate and unconditional abolition.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from
60 Licensed Victuallers of the county of Sussex, praying
for the abolition of the Beer Bill.
____

The Bille brought up from the Commons were then
read a first time, and the House adjourned till Friday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 15.

The SPEAKER resumed his seat at a few minutes after
fire o'clock.

A person from the Chamber of London appeared at the
bar with an account of the local duty on coals.
Mr. HUME moved for returns of the details of
various items of expense in the estimates that had
been laid before Parliament, all of which were ordered.
The Hon. Member then stated drat he saw by the votes, the
House was in the habit of voting 2,0001. annually, 1,0001.
to the University of 04ford, and the other to the Univer•
sity of Cambridge, for the payment of professors. He
thought that be ore the House should be called upon to
vote away 2,0001. of the public money for such a purpose,
they ought to know in what state the funds of
those universities were, in order to see if they were not
adequate to pay the professors without coming to the
House for assistance. He therefore wished to move for a
statement of those funds.

At the suggestion of Mr. LAMB, the Hon. Member
gave notice that he would make his motion to-morrow.

WARWICK ELECTION.

Sir R. FERGUSON brought up the Report of the
Committee appointed to try the merits of the petitions
against the return for the borough of Warwick (for which
see another part of our paper, under the head " Warwick
Election Committee"). On the motion of the Hon. Ba-
ronet, the evidence taken before the Committee was or-
dered to be laid upon the table, and the issuing of a new
writ for the borough of Warwick was suspended until after
the 25th of May.
Lord SANDON presented a petition from the master
shipwrights or Liverpool, relative to some alterations about
to be made in the maritime arrangements in the Isle of
Man.

Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY presented a petition from
the borough of Southwark for the repeal of the house and
window taxes, and supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. BRISCOE was understood to say that if the
Chancellor of the Exchequer had consented tbat these
taxes should cease on the sth of April, 1834, he would
have been contented to have waited until then; but under
present circumstances he should be compelled to vote for
the motion of the Hon. Member for Marylebone.
Mr. H. GRATTAN asked some questions of the Chan•
cellor respecting the collection of tithes in Ireland, stating
that he held in his hand the original warrants, upon
which amounts of one shilling and two and sixpence had
been illegally levied.
Lord ALTHORP made an inaudible reply; and after a
few additional remarks from Mr. GRATTAN and Mr.
FINN, the conversation dropped.
THE RECENT AFFRAY.

Mr. HUME said, he had to refer to an affair of im-
portance, as far as regarded the breach of the public peace,
and to ask whether the information he had received was
correct, that steps hail not been taken by the constituted
authorities to prevent the meeting in Coldbath-fields
from taking place ?—(Hear, hear, hear.) H. was in-
formed that the Sheriff of Middlesex, whose duty
it was to have kept the peace, had not been called upon
for that purpose ; and that the meeting had been put
down by the police with great haste and an unnecessary
degree of severity. He hoped that the answer he should re-
ceive would show that notice had been given to the sheriff.
Mr. LAMB did not know it was usual to give any in-
timation to the Sheriff of Middlesex on such an occasion,
unless it was out of the City of London. The Lord Mayor
had notice, but he (Mr. Lamb) did not know of any
precedent which required that the Sheriff of Middlesex
should be called on to undertake in the city the preserva-
tion of the peace. No doubt an inquiry would be insti-
tuted into the case; and he (Mr. Lamb) had no doubt,
when the facts were fully investigated, it would be found
that the police had acted with every moderation and for-
bearance under the circumstances.

Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY said a few words, which
were inaudible in the gallery.
Mr. HILL rose to call the attention of the House to
the claims of the Baron de Bode, upon the fund received
from the French Government, for indemnifying British
subjects for the loss of property unduly confiscated
by the French authorities. The Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman observed that the Commissioners who had been ap-
pointed to adjudicate the claims which were made on
the fund in question, had not taken up this claim,
and that all which had hitherto taken place in regard to
it, the Privy Council would not preclude it from being
tried, if such were the nature of the question in any of the
Courts in Westminster Hall. The Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman went on to describe how the claim in question
originated, and moved for a &lea Committee to examine
into and report to the House on the facts and circumstances
of the case of the Baron de Bode, with respect to his
claims on the fund for the indemnification of sufferers by
the French revolution.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL opposed the motion,
on the ground that the case of the Baron de Bode had
been fully heard and justly decided. The lion. an
Learned Gentleman was proceeding to state the particulars
of his objections, when
Sir J. TYRELL said that the question was one of
importance, and therefore he moved that the House be
counted.

There being but 39 Members present, the House ad-
journed.

COURT OF CHANCERY REFORMS.

The House of Lords on Monday appointed a Select
Committee to consider and examine so much of the Court
of Chancery Regulation Bill as relates to the abolishing of
offie, a and transferring to other offices the duties performed
in the offices so to be established, and to report thereon to
the House. The Lords following were named of the Com-
mittee : The Lord Chancellor, the Lord President, the
Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Richmond, the Earl of
Radnor, the Earl of Mansfield, the Earl of Rosslyn, the
Earl of Eldon, Lord Melbourne, Lord Dacre, Lord Kenyon,
Lord Auckland, Lord Redesdale, Lord Ellenborough, Lord
Manners, Lord Bexley, Lord Somerhill, Lord Wharncliffe,
Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Rosebery, Lord Wynford.—The
Committee are to commence their labours on Thursday
❑ext.

,-:.g7'4'''''----
•..41.7:,::::(L_I
li'''''e';.rt.F.• - ticr.s: '
~..•\'
MURDER AT CHELSEA OF thiile*Sjs:
wi
.... • •.-4-44
,t,..4,::-1-.-- r., ,
APPREHENSION AND e6Arfrottßia*" .4_ ,-7,741
OF THE MUR DE RE.A.N•-• 0-
_,1.A.,..,
Yesterday afternoon, at Queen-sqatirAla;)M2
named Sharpe, was brought up, in the custody Or
William Clifton, a police constable of the B division,
No. 50, and placed at the bar, before Mr. WHITE,
charged with being one of the persons who mali-
ciously murdered Miss Catherine Elms, of No. 17,
Wellesley-street, near the new church at Chel,ea,
on Thursday evening the 2d instant. The prisoner,
on being placed at the bar, appeared much dejected.
He had evidently been fighting with some person,
as his face was scratched and one of his eyes was
very black. On being questioned, he said that he
lodged at No. 15, Dean-street, Broadway, West-
minster.

Police constable Clifton stated that the prisoner
had called at his lodgings that morning, when he
was not at home, and expressed a wish to speak to
him. He was told that he (witness) was at the
station-house in the New Way, Tothill-street,
and he came to him accordingly. As soon
as the prisoner saw him, he said, " Clifton, I
am your prisoner." He asked for what ?
when he replied, " I am one of the men who com-
mitted the murder at Chelsea." Witness said,
" Nonsense." The prisonerreplied," I tell you I am
one of the men; I give myself up to you, and if you
will not take me into custody, I will give myself
up to some other constable." Witness then took
him before his sergeant, when he made the same
statement, and be was consequently detained. On
searching him nothing was found but a halfpenny
and an old knife. He had since searched his lodg-
ings, but nothing of any consequence was found.
The prisoner did not tell him who were his compa-
nions; he said he would disclose all before a Ma •
gistrate. Witness had known the prisoner about
Westminster for upwards of a twelvemonth.
During the examination of the constable, the pri-
soner frequently burst into tears.
The prisoner was then questioned by Mr. WHITE,
the Magistrate, and he made the following replies :
I have well considered the steps I have taken. The
constable's statement is quite correct. The state-
ments of the pot-boy and the constable at the Co-
roner's inquest, were, however, false. None of us
were in the street at the time it was sworn to at
the inquest. We got into the house about eight
o'clock in the evening, and remained there con-
cealed, for about three hours before the murder took
place. One man committed the murder; but we
had no intention to commit murder when we entered,
Mr. WHITE—What motive had you for entering
the house ? Prisoner—We had agreed to rob the
house; and when we got in, we concealed ourselves
in the kitchen; the house was ransacked after the
murder. When we went up stairs from the kitchen
we found her sitting at the table at work, and we
demanded the keys of her drawers, which she re-
fused to give up quietly, and one of my companions
struck her a blow on the head with a crow-bar, or
jemmy, and knocked her down; they were, how-
ever not content with this, but would see her blood.
One of my companions asked her for the keys.
Mr. WHITE—Are you willing to divulge the
names of your companions? Prisoner (hesitating)--
Not at present; I won't tell just now. The wo-
man's throat was cut with a carving knife
which we found in the room, but it was not me
who did the deed. As soon as she was struck with
the jemmy, she fell down senseless, and then her
throat was cut. I do not think that knife can be
found now.
Mr. WHITE—What motive have you now for
coming forward and making this confession ? Pri-
soner—l quarrelled with one of my companions
yesterday about another robbery, and I determined
to deliver myself up to justice, and tell everything.
Mr. WHITE—Is that your only reason ? Pri-
soner—Your Worship, I have been miserable in
my mind ever since; I have never had a moment's
peace ; I arm truly miserable. I am well aware of
the consequences of this confession ; my life's in
jeopardy, worse luck for me, but my mind is made
up for the worst. I will riot give up the names of
my companions at present.
Mr. WHITE then remanded him for further

examination.
He is well known to the police about Westmin-
ster, and is notorious for being a common utterer
of base coin. He is about 32 years of age, about
five feet four inches in height, and his countenance
is very dark and forbidding.
Shortly after his examination, his wife appeared
at the office; and, without knowing what had oc-
curred, complained of her husband's 'maid con-
duct towards her. On the previous evening he
came home much intoxicated, and beat her cruelly.
He associated with the worst of characters.
The Magistrates told her that she should haw
every protection.

THE EXPEDITION IN SEARCH OF CAP-
