sPIRIT 01 THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The conduct of Mr. Hunt (for we suppose while
speaking of him .as a Member of Parliament we must
attach to his name the same form which courtesy usually
applies to that of persons so situated) has recently on many
.occasions, and more particularly last night, excited extreme
disgust in the House, as well as among the public. He
read through one petition consisting of the most ruffianly
and vulgar abuse ; and when cautioned with respect to
another which he had in his hand, he said " that he would
wait and read it over first before he presented it." .5.5 to
this man's being a representative of the p,ople even of
the lowest orders,—in which light some silly or factious
Members of Parliament affect to consider him,—he is '.no
more their representative thsa the fictitious r./5-ttrluffin,
the Mayor of Garratt, is their representatiFc. We doubt
very much whether those who traestait to him these
petitions, be not amusing themstives at his cost : it is !
what, in their language, is designated " a lark;'' the fun
being, to know whether he would publish to the Hnitse
expressions of such or such a disgusting character. We
believe Isis real constituents, though men in no very eini-
mat station, or of remarkably acute feelings, are ashamed
of him. In thinking of this man, we have been induce,l
question is frequently put
to a.,k ourselves,—indeed the
tauntingly by Anti-Reformers,— whether it might not be
possible that many such might be returned to Parliament
when the franchise is thrown open. Our answer, both
to ourselves and to ot'iers, is—no; and the answer is
founded on experience. There are several potwalloping
boroughs, and they might return other Hunts it' thti:
pleased, yet there never has been any one like him in the
House. It is clear, therefore, the public need not dread
an inundation of them, were the franchise ever so lavishly
c itumunicated.— Times.

We present, is another part of our paper, two reports
made to the Privy Council on that terrible disease which
his of late produced such fatal effects and excited so great
terror in Russia and Poland. They are extracted from a
mass of communications on the subject, which has been
printed by order of the House of Commons, the greatest
part of which tee are only prevented from insetting to-dsy
by want of room. It appears from those papers', that
though some information was transmitted by Lord Heytes-
bury from Petershurgh to the Foreign-office., on the history
and progress of the disease, so early as the end of last
autumn, no steps were taken to collect a more exteersive
body of facts, till its progress westward from Moscow ex-
cited altrm for its ultimate destination. This happened
about the beginning of the year ; and on the 14th of Ja-
nuary, we find that a letter was addressed by Mr. Gre-
ville, the clerk of the Privy Council, to Dr. Walker, then
residing in Russia, requesting him to tran•mit the
most correct information which he could obtain
on the characteristic symptoms of the disease, 1
the causes which have contributed to produce and the
remedies found most efficacious for its alleviation or cure.
The doctor, in the execution of this duty, was instructed
to proceed to Moscow, and to visit any other part of the
Russian empire where the distemper had been most pre-
valent. In compliance with this request, Dr. Walker
went to Moscow, and on the 18th March last made his
first report from that city. At that time the disease had
almost ceased, and he had an opportunity of seeing only a
very few cases. From what he saw, however, and from
the reports of the medical mcn whom he consulted, and
whose experience was more extensive than his own, he
Was led to pronounce without doubt or hesitation that the
disease in question was the true Indian cholera, agreeing in
its symptoms, and in the appearance of the body on dis-
section, with the accounts given in the reports of the
medical boards of the three Indian Presidencies. On
the other points of the inquiry to which his attention i
was directed, he could not give a decided opinion ;
but he states that by far the greater number of medical
men in Moscow, who had attended to the progress and
symptoms of the disease, believed that it was not con-
tagious. In order to examine certain facts in the history
of its progress, which lie could not ascertain at Moscow,
Dr. Walker visited several places on the \Volga, where it
had committed its ravages, and returned to St. Peters.
burgh, whence he dates his second report on the 29th of
April, containing the result of his more extensive in-
quiries. As we have given that report at length, we re-
frain from further adverting to its contents in this brief
notice. Dr. Walker seems, from his own observation of
the route which thedisease had pursued in its progress to-
wards the west, and from the opinions of the men whom
he encountered on his tour, to have strongly imbibed
the idea that cholera is of a contagious nature.
" I found," says he, " every where the medical men
convinced that the disease was brought to them
somehow or other, by the boats which 'mite op the
tVolga, from Nishnri-Novgorod, or other places,
where the disease had been. The persons first at.
ticked by the disease were always boatmen, and it
was only afterwards that the disease appeared among the
town-people. Combininz," adds the doctor, " this with
its slow progress from Astrachan, along the great lines of
water-communication, I think it more than probable,
that it is carried along by men somehow or other, although
it has not been ascertained in what way," The next re-
port in this collection of documents is from the pen of a
Prussian physician of the name of Albers, ts-ho was like.
wise sent to Moscow on the same mission as Dr. Walker.
Nothing could better illustrate the trite saying, that
"doctors differ," than the juxta-position of two such
papers as those of Dr. Walker and Dr. Albets. The
latter is a decided anti-contagioniet. " That the dis-
temper," says he, " is not contagious, has been ascertained
by the experience gathered in this city." In many
houses," adds he, " it happened that one individual
attacked by cholera was attended indiscriminately
by all the relatives, end yet the disease did
not spread to any of the inmates. There are
cases well authenticated, where nurses, to quiet
tile minds of timid females labouring under cholera, have
saared their beds during the ii,ght, and have escaped un-
injured. They hare even made use of the water in which
cholera patients had bathed, without being affected by the
disease." Dr. Sir William Crichton, physician in or-
dinary to the Emperor of Russia, follows the German
(lector in this series of documents with a valuable report,
in which he details the history and symptoms of the dis-
ease, its mode of treatment in Russia, the means of its
prevention, and other points of equal importance. The
historical notice of the travels of the disease leads us al-
most inevitably to a belief in its contagious nature; and
use need scarcely amid, that Sir William, after tracing its
progress, is a contagionist. We lava next a report from
an extraordinary commission of quarantine officers at
Petersburgh, who give it as their opinion that cholera
is not contagious. As accounts daily arrive from the north
of Europe that the disease was spreading, and had reached
the ports of the Baltic, and as (stir communications with
Riga, where it had begun to rage, were frequent, the
Board of Quarantine called the attention of the Privy
Council to the necessity of taking some precautions against
its introduction. The letter of Sir William Pym, sug-
gesting this measure, is tilted the 7th of June, and on the
same day tire whole of the documents to which we have
above. !Averted were transroitted to Sir Henry Belford,
to obtain the opinion of the College of Physicians on the
expediency and necessity of enforcing the usual quaran-
tine to secure this country against its visitation. Four
physicians, with Sir Henry Milford at their head, on
examining these papers, gave it as their opinion that a
quarantine of at least fourteen days should be enforced.
In their first report, which is dated the 9th of June, they
enter into no details', and give no reasons for the opinions
which they had folioed. This laconic oracular manner of
disposing of the case was not thought satisfactory by the
Government, and therefore a more detailed resort was re-
quested, of which we have given a copy in another page.
The documents above described,tegether with the appoint-
ment of a Commission to proceed to Riga—the notnin .-
tion of a Board of Health—a body of instructions to the
saute Board—and a copy of its first report, comprise
the whole of the papers on this subject which Govern-
ment has thought it expedi, nt to lay on the table of the
Rouse of Commons, and which the House has ordered to
be printed. It noeld he absurd in unprofessional p-orle,
like ourselves, to pretend to give any opinion on a ques-
tion so much disputed in the profession as the contagious
or non-contagious nature of cholera. We must, however,
say, that the weight of authority seems to be on the bide
of contagion, notwithstanding some of the startling facts
mentioned by the Prussian physician. How otherwise,
can we account for the capricious visitations and predilec-
tions of the disease, which seems to disregard climate and
seasons,—which follows no parallel of latitude, which
observes the course of no wind,—whieh equally attacks
societies at different degrees of height above the level of the
rea, and in different circumstances with regard to heat
and cold, food, and modes of living ? How, otherwise
shill we account for its uniformly appearing first on
the costa in insular situations—for its breaking out at
the port which admits foreigners--of its following the
tract of the caravan, and the course of the river, and of
its regular progress towards the north and west in the line
of communication, intercourse, and trade, and never any
in any other ? Its progress from Persia to Tiflis aad As-
trachan, spreading from the former to Georgia and the
province of Caucasus by the principal roads, and from
the latter to the interior of Russia, by the Wolga,—ex.
tending from the hanks of the Wolga to Moscow by the
principal roads,—and from Moscow to Poland in the
march of the army, as e all explicable on the hypothesis

that it is communicated from body to body, sod on no
other. But, whatever theory may be formed to account
for such facts, Government have done wisely in enforcing
quarantine while there is even a chance that it may be
propagated by contagion. It is better that trade should
suff-r interruption or inconvenience; than that the public
health should be exposed to the slightest danger.—Times.
the French Papers of Wednesday inform us that the
Duchess of Perry, with Marshal Bourrnont, has left Vnre-
lend, and has proceeded up the Rhine freer Iltetterdam to
Mentz. It is added that she in gang to the south, by
which is meant either the south of France, or the domi-
nions of Naplec, it cannot be denied that she is et
Menet, tnd it is most likely that she will pale ta.til-Migh
Switzerland into Italy. We say this; re.'-nt probably, is
her object, for we cannot aPore 'elirselves to imagine for a
moment that she itereeeeeh to hazard any mad enterprise
against the leeae.ie of France, or the safety of her friendr;
by attempting a counter-revolution in favour her
Thi`. very idea of the horrors and bitottsbed which tvoult
follow her appearance in the eontli of 'ranee at the head
of a body of her ntlsglelded partisans, in the present ekeiteil
state of the Cduntry, makes 'es shudder. The display of
the white flag, and the proc4amation of Henry V. would he
the signal for a general massacre of the Royalists. Nothil_tg
could save theta from the fury of the naoveosv partv,who
would immediately consider theirselnele as betrayed, and
whose cruel vengeance reif;ht :ant be appeased till it even
reached the Ministey and the King, whose past mederation
towards the Carlists would appear to them a proof of
their common conspiracy against the State. Yet eotee
sensible people have strange surmises and misgivings
on the subject. It is known that her }loyal Hiehne,s
is hold and sengtinte—that she believes herself popular,—
that she thinks her party perverful,—that she is acquainted
with the dissensions Which have occurred in the no'all
be-
tween the Royalists and Republicans,eettli that she cal-
culatee a great deal on the schiern which exists between
the " heroes of Juty" err: one King of the Barricades.
The addition of Marshal Bourmont (who was never be-
fore a pent:veal favourite) to her travelling patty; gives a
kind efeanetion to the conjecture that note re imprudent at-
tempt is about to he male for a third restoration. The
Marshal is accompanied by his four sons, three of wleorn
fought for Charles X. in Aftica, and most iierly would
not have left London so attended, ttniess something else
rear. meant than a mere trip to Switzerland. Such is
the manner in which reetne persons reason themselves into
a belief of ona the most cruel, wicked, am! re:tseless
enterprise e ';vhicli blind ambition ever err philyed to throw
itself into an abyss. We hope better things.— Times.

Lord Althorp's (leek :ration on Thursday night, that
" he would not col'isent to place again under authorities the
choice of the plices in which there should be houses for the
sale ;ti beer," will go far to put an end to the interented cry
which has been raised against the immorality of the new
beer houses. Those who set up this cry are too knowing
to complain of the fall in value of the licensed houses, 01
the difficulty experienced in vending bad beer where there
is a competition. 011, no, a man must be a fool indeed,
who, in schenaing how he shall empty his neighbour's
pocket, dues not, in a country in which there is such a
premium on cant, neglect to avail himself of the pretexts
of religion and morality, 'thus we find the morality of
the people has b,en made to survive the beer monopoly ;
and if we are to believe the owners of licensed houses and
the Me.gNtrates, we can never hope to see the revival of
morality and religion among the peasantry, till the new
beer houses are put down, and dear beer is once more the
order of the day. God knows there was no lack of pub-
lic-houses in England before the breaking down of the
monopoly, for there were few villages without one or more,
hut then morality and religion only thrive, it seems, under
a system which enables tl:c knowing ones to pillage
the multitude. We have been favoured with a copy of the
evidence given by an able and intelligent Magistrate to
Lord Melbmrne, which we !ay before our readers, as it
exhib:ti in a clear light the strong reasons for the anxiety
which so many people feel for the religion and morality of
their beer-drinking neighbours :
" TO THE RIGHT HON. LORD MELROURNE, &C. &C. &C.

Regent-street, April 3, IW.
" Mr Lonn,—As it is your Lordship's desire to have the evi.
Bence of experieriatal Magistrates upon the effects of the new
Beer Act, 1 tespectfully leg leave to offer vou mine.
" 1 hose been 17 years an acting Magistrate of this county,
and have given my particular attention to the licensing system.
Individually I have five licensed public-houses among about 400
other houses, on my land at Stepney and Shepherd's Bush, on
which licensed houses, in addition to the rack rents, I have been
accustomed to receive premiums of 500/. and 1,0)01. each on
granting leases; I had let three pieces of land at considerable
rents for the purpose of building additional licensed public.
house' thereon. I have a leading interest in, and am in receipt
of the rents of an estate of 1,400 houses, whereon there are 28
licensed public-houses. But, in consequence of the new Beer
Act, I can no longer expect large premiums to be of for new
leases of the licensed houses, and the land which I let at high
rents, for the purpose of building new licensed houses upon, is
thrown back upon my hands, new beer shops being opened near
them without any permission or favour from me. Instead of
being earnestly solicited, not only by wealthy brewers, but by
Peers of the realm, and other great men; to grant new
licenses in favour of some individuals, and to restore licences
taken away for misconduct from others, the exclusive pri.
vilege is so reduced in value as to be no longer a sub.
.legit of supplication ; and even the Licensed Victuallers
begin to look their licenses in the face with the ease and
independence of other tradesmen. All which loss of profit
and patronage to myself, however, is a gain of far higher
value to the working part of the public; and I heartily rejoice in
the change. I have inquired into some complaints against the
New Beer Shops upon the above estates, and also in this district,
for which I act magisterially, and have found them to be without
any good foundation, and that they were made to assist rival in-
terests, The Beer Shops are generally conducted on the most
frugal plan, and seem scarcely to yield a living to the keepers of
them. They afford shelter and rest to poor people, while taking
their refreshment; but the accommodation in these houses ap-
pews to be so mean and uninviting, as not to allure their cus.
touters to remain in them longer than is necessary. The licensed
houses continue to be decidedly preferred by the tipplers ; but
the Beer Shops are greatly useful to the hard working classes,
by keeping the licensed houses in check in the price and quality
of their beer. t pots the whole, I consider the restoration of the
right of a free trade in beer to be the most beneficial act of jus-
tice which has been conferred on the working people of this
country for a century past ; and that the arbitrary licensing sys,
tem is nose very properly limited to those houses which extend
their offers of excitement to the sale of spirituous liquors.—l have
the honour to be, &c.
(Morning Chronicle.) ".1. T. BARBER BEAUMONT."
A most fart ittal conversition took place lest night en the
important affair of the authorship of certain numbers of
the Republican, which Mr. Hume had somewhat in-
cautiously attributed to the enemy. As Mr. Hume had
nothing more than suspicion for saying that the author
(Lorimer) belonged to the enemy's camp, this collateral
' issue has been eagerly seized on by Sir Henry Hardinge
and Sir Robert Peel, and Mr. Hume was last night closely
questioned by Sir Henry on the subject. Mr. Hume hail
that very morning received a very curious letter from Mr.
Lorimer, addressed to " Citizen flume, M.P., 7, Bryan-
stone-square," and beginning " Respected fellow citizen,"
and stating that he took the liberty of rectifying the absurd
error into which Mr. Hume had fallen, as the author of
the Republican had no connection of a political nature
with any of the Unions, with the despotic Anti-Reform
Toriea, ncr with the hypocritical double dealing
Whigs. Mr. Hume, in classing Mr. Lorimer with the
enemies of Reform, followed, no doubt, the rule in
Courts of Law, to judge of the intention by the ten-
dency. Applying this rule to the letter, the tendency of all
this profusion of " Citizens," and " respected Citizens,"
' would argue an intention to mix up Reformers with the
jacobins of the French revolution—an object in which the
ingenuity of small wits of the Anti-Reformers is inces- ,
santly employed. No Englishman in his senses would
think of addressing a letter to any gentleman (except one
whom from intim icy he could take the liberty of bantering),
La Citizen, and we think we should hardly be dealing un-
charitably with Mr. Lorimer, if we suppose that while
he wrote this letter he was chuckling all the time at the
idea of the cleverness which he had displayed in lidicelinry
Reform. After all, Mr. Lorimer may be merely a fool,
but our suspicions will rather point tl e other way. Mr.
flume was, we suspect, happier in the judgment he
formed than in the reason lie assigned for it. Sir Robert
Peel, who labours under the consciousness that he has some
way to make up with his party, thought this a fine
tic -anion for throwing off with effect a little virtuous in.
iiignation. To do the Right Hon. Baronet justice, no
one who knows anything of his character would for a moment
suppose him capable ofemployi ng, or even encouraging, such
Publications as were noticed in Parliament. When such pro-
, ductions are manufactured in the enemy's ramp, the di-
rectors and agents are generally very inferior personages.
But as no one could seriously suspect Sir Robert, the more
tit the opportunity for availing himself of the contrast
between his own dignified character and the mean part
which he world have acted had he employed citizen
Lorimer. And to do Sir R. Peel justice, he was beyond
measure great on the occasion. " From the charge of
connection whether it was or was not intended to be
made, he (Sir R. Peel) would not condescend to vindicate
himself—(Hear, hear)—:end he would rather a thousand
times be the object of such a suspicion than the author of
it.—(Much cheering. )" Surely a due degree of aympatlty
will not be withheld from this great man, suffering under
-Itch an unmerited calumny ! He concluded his speech
with a declaration in his meat solemn tone, that " lie had
not been prepared to find any one going so far as to impute
to any friend of his, or of those gentlemen who generally
act with him, a connection with the authors of the in-
famous writings alluded to by the Hon. Baronet (Sir F.
Burdett)" Who does not pity the victims of such in-
gratitude ! Mr. C. Ferguson endeavoured to console the
Right Bon. Baronet by assuring him, " That he could
never think that the impression had been left fur a moment
upon the mind of any Honourable Member, that the
Right Honourable Gentleman opposite had been
netted with those base publications." But he
remincelned-
him, that imputations of the kind bad net always been

gromollesa as on this occasion, and referred to the
year Mt, when thy most atrocious publications were put
forth, purporting to come from the party friendly to
the French revolution, for the purpose of briiiging that
party into disrepute, and when one fellow (Watt) was
caught in his own snare, and linged at Edinburgh for
treason. He night come down much liter; for it
is not many years since a certain gentleman, of the name
of Franklin, of the enemy's camp, was detected, and
obliged to quit tie country to escape the eon,...,vpulicts of
his incendiary writings. Wta tatlnot quit this subject
without remaritinr.;, thai: having procured the Poor Man's
6...re--.ln for June 25, we perceive that the writer avails
himself dexterously enough of the Six Acts as a proof that
it was intended to keep the people in ignorance% "Friends,
Brethren, and Fellow-crnntrymett," saes tint writer, t'yott
are doul,tis3 aware that tlie pfeseut Ministiy-the Whigs
Whig's • hive instituted
proceedings.,' or an information,' against Henry He-
therinton, our disinterested, fearless, and generous pub-
lisher, for printing anti publishing, fur the pour, Pa-
pers not being atampad according to law—and these pro-
ceedings have been ta!':en, this information has been laid,
by virtue' of that most odious of Castlereagh's odious
:7;:x Acts which is intended to keep you—the people, in
perpetual ignorance and slavery, and enable a self. ele,rted
tyranny to plunder and oppress you with iinputtity,
out your even being aware of the fact. ‘'es, under that
most infamous Act of that most infamous tyrant that ever
existed du the liberal Whigs—this reforming Ministry
Who pretend to have such a love for justice—who profess
to have your welfare so much at heart; under and by
virtue' of this Act, do they it:ire destroy your liberties an I
rights !" Now it is of far more importance to deprive a
writer like this of the power which he derives under an
Act which ranges on his side the lower orders, against
whom it was directed, than to determine whether Mr.
Lorimer is or is not eincere, and whether Mr. Hume was
or was not justified in assigning him a place in the enemy's
camp.—Morsiag Chronicle.

We repeat our assertion, which the Courier has, with
mote bcidro-sa than truth, denied, that Lord Palmerston
has shown hesitation in demanding reparation from the
Prussian Government for outrages on the property of Bri-
tish subjects. The Courier says, "It was nut until very
lately that the imputed infringements on the rights of
British subjects were stated to him in such a way as to
warrant his interference." We do not know what the
Courier would have us,understand by the words " very
lately"—whether months, weeks, or days; but it behoves
a writer who takes upon him the office of contradictor-
general of all the statements tending to inculpate the can-
duct of men in power, to be somewhat more explicit in
his statements and less peremptory in his tone. High_
sounding denials, expressed in loose and vague terms,
which may, as occasion serves, bear a wide latitude of in-
terpretation, signify nothing. We were acquainted a week
ago with the fact which we have stated, relative to the
seizure of the arms of a British subject by the Prussian
Government, while in transitu to Poland, and the ap-
plication made on that subject to the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, and we exercised forbearance toward.; Lord Pal-
merston in not mentioning it, until we thorn:lit that for-
bearance towards him was injustice to the public interests.
Will the Courier say that even now the reparation has
been demanded which the case calls for ? If so, it has
been done tardily ; though we admit it is bAter late than
never ; but the Courier does not venture to say it has been
done at all. There ate other acts of gross partiality and
decided oppression which the Prussian Governount has
perpetrated for the assistance of Russia and the injury of
the Poles, which it is a shame to the Governments of
England and France to have allowed to pass withost ani-
madversion. We are quite sure that an energetic remon-
strance from one or both of those Governments would have
prevented their repetition. But while Russian barbarism
performs its work of devastation in Poland, Russian influ-
ence is equally busy in most of the Cabinets of Europe.—
, ,Iforning Herald.
Sir 11. Hardinge, in that manly and straightforward
spirit which distingui.hes his character, required of Mr.
Hume last night either a defence or abindontnent of the
accusation he so boldly brought against the Tory party on
Wednesday, viz., that they were the authors and abettors
of the infamous revolutionary publications that have taken
their rise from the R form Bill. And how was this up-
ped met by Mr. Hume? The Member for Middlesex,
wholly unable to adduce an iota of proof, was d qually un-
willing to acknowledge the groundlessness of his charge.
A more wretched, a more pitiable attempt to evade a
candid and becoming admission of error was never exhi-
bited ; it was trea,ed by Sir H. Hardinge with the scorn
it merited, and with a happy irony by Sir R. Peel.
We fine an equal difficulty with the Hon. Baronet in over.
coining the main arid indeed only point of evidence brought
forward by Mr. Hume. It was asserted that Mr. Lori-
iner (said to be the writer of the blasphemy and sedition
in question) lives at the west end of the town, possesses
property ! and is a gentleman!, Every one must at once
admit that stronger prima facie evidence of Mr. Lorimer
not being one of the radical gang, nor a conscientious
supporter of the Ministerial Reform Bill, could not be
desired. But even this is not sufficient; and it still re-
mains for Mr. Hume to substantiate his charge by some-
thing yet more conclusive. Mr. !fume's tactics are it ap-
pears adopted by the Reform party in defence of the hope-
ful clause respecting the half-yearly rents. It was intro-
duced by "an enemy in the camp!" This is at least
giving some credit for cleverness to the opponents of Mini-
sters. We hope the name of the ingenious "enemy" will
not be concealed.—Morning Post.
