ORDSK Or 'nut DAY.

Soldierer..-The filet of your bivouacs, that on the
height!, of the Adis seem to be et this moment confounded
with the lights of the soars,announce to Africa the victory
you have achieved over fanatical and barbarous oppo-
nents, and the sort of people who accompany them.
" You have fought like giants, and the victory is yours.
" You are; soldiers, of. the race of the breve, and true
rivals of those of the revolution and the empire.
" Receive the testimony of the satisfaction, of the
esteem, and of the affection of your General-in-Chief,

" CLAUSEL."

SUPPLEMENT TO THE LONDON

GAZETTE OF FRIDAY.

Crown-Office, Dec. 11, 1830.

His Majesty has commanded the inning of Commissions
of Oyer and Terminer and Gsol Delivery for the county
of Berke, dated the 9th day of December, to the same
purport as those issued for the counties of Hants and Wilts,
dated the 27th November fast; and his Majesty has been
pleased to direct such Commissions for the county of
Berke, to the following Commissioners:—
Henry Lord Brougham and Vitus. Lord High Chancel
for ; Henry Marquis of Lansdowne, President of the Coun-
cil; Montagu Earl of Abingdon, Lieutenant for the county
of Berke; John Lord Durh*m, Keeper of the Privy Seal ;
Charles Duke of Richmond ; William Spencer Duke of De-
vonshire; Richard Colley Marquis Wellesley ; Sir James
Allan Park, Knight, one of the Justices of the Court of
Common Pleas; Sir William Bolland, Knight, one of the
Barons of the Court of Exchequer; Sir John Patteson,
Knight, one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench ;
Sir Thomas Denman, Knight, his Majesty's Attorney-
General ; Mr. Serjeant Wilde ; John Gurney and John
Campbell, Esqrs. ; Charles Dundee, Chairman of the
Quarter Sessions for the county of Berke ; John Bel-
lamy, F-sq. ; Benjamin TOMS and Charles Tomes,
Gentlemen.

The like two Commissions for the County of Bucks,
bearing date the oth day of December, have issued, di-
rerted to the following Commissioners
Henry Lord Brougham and Vaux, Lord High
Chancellor ; Henry Marquis of Lansdowne, Pre-
sident of the Council ; Richard Duke of Buck•
Ingham and Chandos, Lieutenant for the County
of Buckingham ; John Lcrd Durham, Keeper of the
Privy Seal ; Charles Duke of Richmond ; William Spence:,
Duke of Devonshire ; Richard Colley Marquis Wellesley ;
Sir James Allan Park,. Knight, one of the Justices of
the Court of Common Pleas; Sir William Rolland,
Knight. one of the Barons 52f the Court of Exche-
quer; Sir John Patteson, Knight, one tl the Justices
of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench; Sir Thomas
Denman, Knight, his Majesty's Attorney-General ; John
Gurney, Esq. ; Mr. Serjeant Storks; Maurice Swahey
and Harty Edgell, Esqrs. ; John Oliver Jones, Henry
Hatten, and Thunuts Sands Chapman, Gentlemen. -

His Majesty has been pleased to direst the Commissions
for the county of Becks, dated the 27th day of November,
to be cancelled.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OP COMMONS, DEC. I I.
The House met at lhree o'clock, when a great number
of petitions were presented against Negro Slavery.
Lord STANLEY presented six petitions from congre-
gations in Liverpool, Manchester, and SVigaa, for the abo-
lition of slavery ; and also a petition from the master-
manufacturers of Great and Little Bolton, against the
truck system. lie knew an instance of a man who worked
for the same truck-master twenty-three years, sad in all
that time received but 71. Gd. in money.
Mr. SPRING RICE presented a similar petion from
Kingston-upon-Thames ; and two petitions from parishe.
in Limerick, for the repeal of the Union. The petitioners
were highly respectable ; but he differed with them in
opinion.
Mr. O'CONNELL said the petitioners had called upon
him to support the prayer of the petition. It was impos-
sible to give an adequtte idea of the distress and misery of
Ireland. In Limerick the (Hawes was frightful. One of
the great evils of the present system was, that public opi-
nion in Ireland had little effect on that House, because the
proceedings in Ireland were but little known in that House.
Mr. MABERLY was confident it was in the power of
the lion. Gentleman to put an end to the agitation in Ire-
land, and he hoped he would speedily see the propriety of
of doing so.
Mr. BRISCOE said, the only argument which the
Learned Gentleman. used in that House for the repeal of
the Union was the neglect of Ireland by the King's Govern-
ment ; he hoped that Learned Gentleman would cull on
the people of Julian(' to Suspend their agitation, and give
credit to his Majesty's Ministers for doing injustice to
Ireland.

Mr. RUTHVEN, lamented the agitation of the ques-
tion ; but was confident petitions for the repeal must in-
crease if the diattess of Ireland was not removed. He
agreed with the Learned Member for Waterford, that the
condition of the people of Ireland was very little known
in England.
Lord ALTHORP said it was the anxious desire of Go-
vernment to improve the condition of Ireland. He thought
it right that the attention of the House should be pecu-
liarly directed to Ireland, as to the most distressed part of
the United Kingdom.—(Hear, hear.)--It was the exer-
tion of the Irish Government that last year prevented ad.
ditional taxation being laid on Ireland. •
Mr. O'CONNELL bad, a , right to complain of the
Member for Abingdon, for imputing sinitter motives to
gentlemen who agitated the question of the repeal of the
Union. England had thirty millione of taxes taken off
since the peace—lreland had nominally 600,0001. taken
MT, and had 800,0001. laid on ; and by one act, making
the taxes payable in English currency instead of Irish, her
taxes were all increased one-thirteenth. Ireland ought to
have a Parliament of her own, not one removed from the
wants, and feelings, and influence of the people. Since
the Union of Ireland her manufactures were swept from
the land. Ile defied any one to deny that there was more
misery in Ireland than in any other country in the world;
and yet no country was more tranquil.
Sir R. 'WILSON was in Ireland at the peiiod of the
Union, and never witnessed.-such a. picture of misery in
any other country. Wretched and abject as the Egyptian
was, it was his feeling that his condition wes superior to
that of the Irish people. He, therefore. hailed the Union
as a measure of benevolence and humanity. What Ire.
land now wanted WAS repose, which would cause capital
to glow into it. If there was a repeal of the Union,
there would be a struggle foe Catholic ascendancy, which
would lead to a civil' war.
Mr. LEADER wished to preserve the Union. He
thought the drain for absentees might endanger it; he
admitted that much of .his pnpularity, was lost among his
constituents by his not supporting the repeal of the
Union.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON said there were millions
at this moment pledged to each other to make the repeal
of the Union the only Trislaquestion during the next. Ses-
aims of Parliament. The distress of Ireland, before the
Union, WAS increased tenfold since. There were exactions
to an Amormous amount in districts of Irelend fur the BV-
pert of the Protestant church, where there never was a

Sir JOHN BURKE was decidedly opposed to a repeal
of the Union ; hut must admit that many of the ablest
and most honourable men in Ireland supported that mea-
sure, and he feared, by not supporting it, be had lost so
much of the favour of his constituents as to"endanger his
success on a future occasion. He thould for ever, as 11
Catholic, oppose Catholic ascendancy in Ireland, which,
he *as confident, was not sought for they ocly desired
to have their religion enjoy the same impartial protection
as all religions did in America and Fiance.

Sir ROBERT BATESON was confident that the
Union could not be repealed without a civil war; even
within the last month it hail excited differences between
the Orangemen and Catholics of the North. lie called
the attention of Government to the meetings that were
daily and hourly taking place, where eprechee were made
that, were, seditious, if not treasonable. The march of
intellect and political economy were the ruin of the
country.
pORFATt ELECTION.

Sir JOHN OWEN brought up the report of the Com-
mittee appointed to try the merits of the petition presented
against Mr. Stuart Wortley for the borough of Forfar,
which report declared the election null and void, and a
writ was ordered far the election of a new Member.
