t,i gLs n.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING, JUNE 16, 1838.

Lord BROUGHAM, in the House of Lords last night,
after presenting several numerously signed petitions in fa-
vour of the immediate abolition of negro apprenticeship,
in our West Indian Colonies, took occasion to apprise
their Lordships that it was not his intention to proceed
any further with his Bill upon this subject. Confident, as he
felt, that it could not pass the two Houses this Session,
even supposing Parliament to sit to the Ist of August, he
deemed it better to withdraw it altogether, than to retain it
as a stumbling-block in the way of the Irish Poor-law
Bill. To console the friends of immediate abolition for
this painful frustration of their righteous hopes, the Noble
and Learned Lord enumerated the colonies in which
slavery would, wholly or partially cease and determined on
the Ist of August next ; and pointed out how much more
might be effected by the Crown to accomplish this noble
work, without the further intervention of the Legislature.
Independently of any subsequent Act, either of Parliament
o,- the Executive, there would be free, on the Ist of Angus',
1838—

Negroes.
In Antigua
Montserrat 5 or 6,000
Nevis 5 or 6,000
Bermuda
Barbadoes 83,000
That is to say the entire slave population of these colonies ;
and that too by the voluntary, and therefore most praise-
worthy, acts of the several local Legislatures. As Barba-
does was one of the most wealthy and important—with re-
gard to population, locality, and possession—of our West
Indian colonies, the Noble and Learned Lord expressed an
ardent hope that Jamaica would yet follow the excellent
example thus afforded her. There will, however, be free
on the Ist of August, even in Jamaica :

Non Proadials
Children
Manumissions about
So that without any further interference on the part of Parlia-
ment or the Crown, there will he two hundred and forty-one

thousand Negroes—being more than one-third of the whole
slave population of our Colonies—absolutely and uncondition-
ally freeon the first of August next. This is joyful intelligence,
and will go a great way towards alleviating the extreme irri-
tat. on so very generally felt upon this subject. But Lord
BaouGuANI did not stop here. He enumerated the Crown
Colonies, in which it was not competent for the Planters to
emancipate their slaves without the authority of an Order in
Council, although they might themselves be most anxious
to put an end to such an iniquity. His Lordship's compu-
tation of the number of slaves in three of the principal
Crown Colonies was as follows :

Guiana 79,000
Mauritius 62,000
Triuidad 3O or 40,000
To effect the abolition of the apprenticeship system in
these Colonies, the Noble and Learned Lord, in withdraw-
ing his Bill, gave notice that unless an Order iu Council
was immediately issued, empowering the planters to liberate
their apprentices unconditionally, he would on Monday next
move an address to her MAJESTY, praying her gracious
adoption of such a measure.
We sincerely thank the Noble and Learned Lord for

this intimation of the course which he now proposes to
pursue. .It will not be lost upon the country. As we can
no longer indulge the hope of a Parliamentary triumph this
session, it remains for us to try what can be accomplished
by a nation's invocation of justice at the hands of the
Royal object of that nation's loyalty and love. To the
foA of the Throne be henceforth the eyes of the Eman-
cipationists directed. England's QUEEN must abhor
the very idea of ruling over slaves. Her glory and her
greatness as a potentate can only consist in swaying the
sceptre of a free, enlightened, and happy people. Her
MAJESTY will, therefore, promote her own glory and the
happiness of her people by striking with her Royal hand
the last fetter from the limbs of the African. It is now
for the friends of the negro to convey this conviction, em-
bodied in numerous petitions, to the foot of the throne. Let
our gracious QUEEN but know that the immediate emanci-
pation of the coloured race is absolutely necessary to the con-
summation of England's true greatness, and we shall have
little to fear from the further opposition of the Cabinet.

So the Tory Lords arc again desperately frightened by
the Irish. Look reader at the conversation in the House
of Peers last night, and see how GLENGALL trembles,
how scared is Wromow, how FITZGERALD quakes, and
Ice even how WELLINGTON is alarmed. Why should they
trouble themselves about collections of the Popish rabble,
of the alien heretics, of the ignorant priest-led mob ?
They, of course, are mighty in the consciousness of their
integrity, and in the righteousness of their cause. They
are powerful by the vast power of all the Clergymen of the
Protestant part of the empire, and in the right arms of
the almost countless hosts, the clergymen can influence to
support them against the Papists—and why; then, should
these potent Lords feel one nervous agitation because the
degraded and despised " surpliced ruffians" have got together
a few thousand bog-trotters to denounce the tithe system
Yet so it is. The Tory Lords are frightened at the
public meetings in Ireland, and plaintively call out, in
their alarm, for the Government to declare them
illegal, and suppress them. Mighty men such as
they are, righteous rulers such ns they declare them-
selves daily Vto be, should be well convinced both of
the obedience and of the love of all the people for
whose welfare they are so anxious to provide ; and should
see with nothing but satisfaction the people assembling,
and in however large bodies, sure that they would wil-
lingly do homage to the disinterested virtue of the Tory
Lords.

Somethinz, very different, however, occurs, The Tory
