charged with :an offence of the deepest die. A
female slave had neglected to dress a turkey for his
dinner—he struck her, abused her with oaths and
the grossest epithets, and after he had blackened
both her eyes, he called two men who beat her
with bamboos .until she was a mass of laceretien from
Oche nape of her neck to the velvet of her legs.
'i i l'he severity of the punislittent was admitted, and
i
i, the Rev. Thomas Wilson Bridges allowed that he
had heard the cries of his slave, but the Court of
,f, Protection had decided against his prosecution by i
majority of 11 to 1. When the fate *ere sent
home the Secretary for dee toldnies (Sir G. Mur-
ray) (lad given direttions that the R'everend tor•
rarer shoksid be tried; but, according to the latest),
itiforraation, no proceeding against him had freest hi-
'tituted. He (Mr. Brougham) knee., the Rev. T.
W. Bridges by his works, because a respectable
bookseller bad been found guilty of a gross libel,
which he PeVer suspected had been inserted in One
of them ; and the same Reverend entigi'r, besides,
had not scrupled to insult, witti the foulest calm-
Hies, one of the [nest Peniable and blameless mem-
bers of that tturch of which Mr. Bridges would •
iliti bt thought a Christian Pastor. He bad de-
l'amed Mr. Wilberforce himself-‘,---tbet ifkriarch of
he cause of atei-slavery, wite,, through a lengthened
life (which Mr. Brougham prayed Heaven yet to
prolong fat 'the benefit of mankind) had devoted
every exertion to the welfare of his felloW-creatures.
When he saw such a man as the Rev. T. W.
Bridges maintained in Ilte cruelty by a majority of
t 1 to 4 of the Cdurt of Protection, how could he
longer trust the reform of the system of Colonial
Legislature, and decide that the owners of the lie-
4roes were the fittest judges in their tw'n cause P--
(Hear, hear.)—lt was trAr slit years since he had
c tiled the atteption of Parliament to the case
of a murdered missionary of the name of Smith, who
lad lost his-life for the dreadful crime (and none
,could be blacker in the eyes of the West itiditin
,ilanters) of preaching the Goepel. He had been
told on that occasion that such a lamentable Case
could never nosh Occur, but he nevertheless held in ,
his hand P statement promulgated by a most respect-
.ible religious body, 'which showed that another in-
.. , _ _
