NEGUOES.

" The almost universally good conduct of the apprentices
is so generally known and acknowledged, as to render it
scarcely necessary to enter on the subject here, or to give at
any considerable length docum..mts in proof of it.
" Their excellent and praiseworthy conduct at the period
when the Emancipation Act came into operation was no-
ticed in the postscript to the last Number of the Anti-
Slavery Reporter' (No. 112.) Since that period there has
been no falling off in this respect ; all parties, with the ex-
ception of some of the least respectable class of planters of
the old school of slavery, have expressed themselves satis-
fied with their general conduct. Governors and Lieute-
nant-Governors, Bishops, and the Clergy of all demontina.
tions, Military Commanders, and Civil functionaries,•have
coincided in adding the testimony of their approbation.
This will be sufficiently shown by the few extracts which
follow.

JAMAlCA.—Extract of a Despatch from the Marquis of
Sligo, Governor of Jamaica, to Lord Glenelg dated

June 21, 1835.
" The following arc a few -memoranda respecting Jamaica,
the result of some considration and observation, com-
bined with the best informs .tion that could be procured :-
1. The quality of tb e sugar made this year is bona
fide far superior to what h; .s been heretofore made by night-
work on the majority of e;states in the island.
" 2. There has been by far less stock lost in this year's
crop than in that of the: preceding year's, and in many
places it has been taken o ff by a smaller number.
"3. The stocks are gene rally speaking, in much better con-
dition this year than the y were at the close of any former
year's crop, when they hive been so weak that many of
them have died in conseque ace.

"4. That the apprentices generally are evidently becom-
ing more reconciled to the systen, and work cheerfully for
money-hire, both night and. -lay, and that they are becoming
better behaved every day.
" 5. That they may be expected still further to improve
as soon as they begin to f.eei the natural impetus of educa-
tion and religion, and as they get rid of the system of de-
