:'ZLTAIBER 45751

MESSRS. ASHIEYS' NIGHT.
N WHITSUN-EVE, SATURDAY NEXT,
May 16, 184, will be performed, at the Theatre Royal,
Covent-Carden,
A GRAND SELECTIONT-OF MUSIC, •
From the most favourite :CompoSitioris of Handel, Havdn,
Bacb, Boyce, Growl, and Mozart.
Voy particulars, see the printed Bills, being too numerous for
insertion in an Advertisement.
RIM of Part the ,First,.,an Olio Concerto On. the French
• Horns, by Messrs. I'ETRID.ES.
17,11c1 of Part 11. a Concerto on the Viola, ;by Mr; ASHLEY.
Principal Vocal Perfortners,
. Mrs. DI( KONS, Signora GRIGLIETI,
Mrs. BLAND, Maniirri DUSSEK,
Miss MEADOWS, and Madam BIAMCIII,
Mr.-I-MAR/IM, Mr.•EVANS,

Mr. DOYL E, ara Mr. BE LI,AMY.
Tickets to be had of Mcs.irs. Ashleys • BirchalPS Mu-
'lie Shop, Bond-street ; and of Mr. Brandon, at the Theatre,
Where Places for the Boxes may be taken. •

MR

ASTLEY's NIGHT.

GREAT NOVELTY OF SINGULAR INVENTION,!
ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, WESTMINSTER-;,
BRIDL.E. ,
tinder the Patronage of their Royal Highnesses the Prince of

W.; LEs and Duke of YORK.
VIRS.-CONNELL, Boxkeeper, most respeetfully
JAN t begs leave io Illionn:the Nobility-, Gentry,.and others,
that Mr ASTI.IEY'J BENEI IT NIGHT will take place
TcLiviORROW, SATURDAY, May 16,i6c7.
Jill Oulers. for Places in the Boxes, on the above Night,
*ill be punctually attended to. ' - •
(M"' Immediate application at the Box-Office, 'Theatre,
Westminster-Bridge, is strongly necessary.

PHILANTHROPIC SOCIETY.
His Royal Highness ilee Duke of YORK, President.
THE ANNIVERSARY DINNER of-this Insti-;
tution,will be at Free Masons' Tavern, Great Qut'en-:.
street, on THURSDAY the zest May, 1837. _

STEWARDS:
Rt. Hon. the Earl of Bristol 'i lames kl,tan Park,' Esq.
Rt. Hon. Lord Hai.vkesbury 1 Witham Parker, . Etq.
Benjamin Golnsmid, Esq. Thomas Roberts, Esq.
. osevh Henley, Esq. . Samuel Stratton, Esq.
I
. Pooiey Kensington, nisi. Claude G. Thornton, Esq.
eter Mortimer, Esq.
Teekets tz, may be had at the Bat-ofithe Tavern ; of the
Stewards; of \lr. Rooke, Secretary, Armorers' Hall, Cole._
inan. street ; a.hd of the Society's ColleolorS. .'
*** rile Society's Chapel, is now open every Sunday-for
Div .e Service, wnich,begins at a
ruing, and
Eleven in the
1%/1.. and at Half-past Six in the Evening precisely.
.THOS. ROOKE, Sec.

Ali E KNANT IRON-WORKS, GLAMORGAINTSIIIRE.
NOTICE is hereby given, That the Partnership
lately subsisting between F.R EMI AR HO NS_
FRAY, IAMES TAPPENDEN, JAMES. TAPPEN-
PEN, FRANCIS TAPPENDEN, and JAMES BIRCH,
iron.tu4sters, at Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan,
having been dissolved by mutual consent, the CotiCertf is now
ea, fed on by the said lames tappenden, lames Tappcnden,
a,'4- Francis Tappenden, the sole Proprietors of the said.
Works, 'Rated this 14th day of May, 'lBO7.
JAMES, TAPPENDEN.
TAMES TAPPENDVII.
FRANCIS TAPPENUEN.

PROVIDENT LIFE - INSURANCE and AN-
NUIII OFFICE, Sout4arapto4. stied, .Straiid,
Lun don:

• PREsIDENT,
-71 w Most Noble the Marquis of BUCKING HAM, K. G.

VICE-PRESIDENTS,
2t4aslquis of Salisbuiy,K.G . Viscount Chetwynd
Lord Teinple . Viscount Duiicaunon .
Viscount Bulkeley Lord Braybrooke.
TRUSTEES.
Marquis of Buckingham I Lord Braybrooke.
William Praed, Esq. M. P.
The object of. this institution is to encourage the truly
'audible design of Lite Insurance and Provision for Old Age,
by reducing those transactions to principles of the utmost pos-
sible Public Benetit.r, with this_ view an extensive Society
of Noblemen and Gentlemen have entered into- a Subscrip.
tion zso,oool. to constitute an Original Capital, and, tak-
ing upon themselves the sole responsibility of the Establish-
Trienr, they entitle the Persons insured and Annuitants,totpar-
ticiparitn. Profits, atter the expences of an economical
tagement are defrayed, in which the President, DireCtors,
. Trustees, and Auditors at gratuitously. Thus, by the spe:
title-Sums insured, and the .divis,ion of contingent Profits,
every Member has the'fullest possible value for his Payments,
Without beiiig "subj...d to• calls upon any' losses whatever.
This .ipportant and unprecedented advantage is peculiar to
the .P pevident Institution.
Military Men insured atlhiS•Offiee''are: not charged with
Viz-additional Premium, unless called into-actual Service.'
1%0 Admission Fees are required ; nor is any Charge Made
for Poncies.- ' • ..
li,sulaime and Annuities may be effeded any day within
office hours, which are irons Ten till tour.
N. 0; ST. CROIX, Sec.
A Pamph et, 'explaining the Principles and Terms of this
lnstiiutmou, kotOalisticci by Messrs. Cadell and Davies; and
rna), be had at the House of the Institution, and of the Agents
and I3ooksellers, price 6d. •

. .
• HOTEL, MATLOCK'. .
...
JaOHNT`LEEDHAM, late of', the . OLD: BATH, -
J.
returns tus•,incere Thanks to the Public for 'the many
vnurs conferred upon him at the Old Bath, and 'very re. •
ispeet oily inforths them,, that he has taken the Hoi-e,l, which
Le has now opened, and humbly solicits
their pattonag.cand'
aupporr. He-has made an' ddition of several Parlon:-s, three
of which are on the Chamber Story, and has in other respec.ts
greatly imj.,roved the Premises ; so that he can assure his
kriends and the Public, that the Hotel is in every respei a
comfortable House. •--, .. • .
Matlock, Bath, April 16, 1807. •

'ALLEN and PRINCE's ANNUAL BALL will
be on WEDNESDAY the loth instant, at the Great
Rooms, Paul's Head Tavern, Cateaton-street, Cheap Side.
uouble.Tickets, Half-a-Guinea each, may be had 4.13 y time
Previous to the Ball Evening, at their private Dat.l4lllg Aca-
demics, 19, iSherrard-street, Golden-square, and rot
Alie-street, Goodman's fields; where also those are
iThperfeel Dancers may be fißished in the most elegant Modern
~
le ; and those who never learnt that Accorhplishnlent,
but exclude themselves from many agreeable Patties, under
tile mistaken idea that Dancing can only be acquired in yotath,
ray in a short time he convinced, that, with good Instruc-
t"), Ladies or Gentlemen of any, age whatever, it capable of
!.)rnnicin exercise, may soon learn, and quite. in private, to
&lance in an easy genteel manner. • • . • .
.These Academies continue open all the Summer.

ARMY AND NAVY sQtfl VAC; E.
THE PATENT CAMP 13 EDSTEADS, Furni-
ture, Mattrasses, and Balding complete, are very respect-
recoihme' ndedto Gentlemen tes•being the roost pottable
tild superior to any others nzactt in London; Marquees,
rte"ts, Tables and Chairs, on improved principles ; Sea
"uts, Sofa 13eds,and Chairs, fig on Bnard Ship;. Musquitto
Net Furniture, and relent Brass-scte'vrEediteads, tor East
alld•West Indies, at vial! Fpreign.Climatq,:at. . ' •
. II.IORGAN -and SANDE RS's
Patent Bedsteati,Mainitattf:ry alid Ware4traorrts,..
Nos. r 6 and 17, Catherine-street,. Strar:d. • ,
• •Nlorgail -anti Sanderh's" New'-invent-ed. • 'lmperial- • Dining
!ableS,,eilowil.tobp.the most ceinplete end Elegant ?..,et of
• Tables ever yet tnveriterj, are very portable, ''peekin,.; in a Bait
Out ten. Inches deep. :
I:. • B. 'fire Fashionable Sofa- Bcd. and Ware-
- •
•

R. •KEARSLEY rcspe6...tfully announces to the
Edition
of the recent completion of his elegant IPolt
of the PLAYS of SII,.kKSP EA RE, printed in a very supe:,.
rior Manner. by Bensley an& Dav ison,-in 14 Volumes, Fools-
cap Bvo, This , Edition is 'embeliished with Seventy-five
Plates, from Pilures and Drawings by the most eminent .De-
signers, and engraved, in the like manner, by the ablest A rt-
ists.—Perhaps, to give some idea of the beauty of the Plates,
it may not be improper .in the Proprietor to state, what is
really the fad, that they atone, independent of the E xpence.
of Paper and Pri..iing of the Work, have cost hint between
two and three Thousand. Guineas, and that the whole Under-
taking has riot been compleated: udder an Expence of eight
Thousand Pounds; in lid, this Edition of Shakspeare is by
far the most beautiful of any that has hitherto been printed,
and is enriched with Notes by the mist eminent Commenta-
Steevens, Johnson, Malone, on
others ; price Six
Guineas in boards. A few - Copies n -large Paper, with
Proof Impressions of the Plates, -Twelve Guineas: It is
likewise to be had in various Bindings,—No. 46, Fleet-
street, London, April t, tBo7.

MR: 'DUFOUR is. perfealy aware 'of the pre:ra-
dices which many possess to the advertising system,
and would reject it as derogatory to his Profes*ion, particu-
larly as his extensive Practice. in London entirely precludes'
the necessity of it; but having tOr many years confined his
Practice to the Cure of Strictures' 0 tat:true-bons, (fleets, &c.
as well as Debility and all other, Disorders: of, the Urethra,
requiring secrecy, and being sole Proprietor of DA RAN's
CELIEItRATED bOUGIES and REMEDIES, he feels
himself actuated by motives of duty to adopt it as the only
metird by which, a great number of Versons, in .every part of
the Kingdom. may obtain etiedual relief, which experience
'proves they cannot obtain from country practitioners. His
Method of cure is mild and efficacious, and not• liable to the
objections mark to the Caustic and other violent methods,
which do not prevent a relapse. For the various symptoms,
see Mr. D.'s Treatise' price as. 6d. to. be had at his house,
No. 54, Filth street, •Soho, where he Continues to give Ad-
viee.• in separate Rooms. from Nine to Four. —Letters for
Advice ate expected to contain a Bank Note.

"' • .. This D'ay were published,
In One Volume, Octavo, price IS. inboards,
. • (Addressed to the Ladies C real Britain)
EITERS an the INTELLECTUAL and NIO-
11L4 I<AI,-CliA RAC!' ER .of w(,IMEN-. tin the
.SL4iari
tOr which they are destined ; on tin CharaCters they are gin._
litied to sustain.; and int:tile Duties they :are required to dis-
charge, both in Private arid Soci it Life. , •
By the A u Flo it-of " An Essay-On Original Genius,'' and
of •4, The''ilistory of Ithecti. the Hcrinit Ci t' Mount Ararat."
Vrinted for Longman, 'Hurst, Itees,- and-Orme, Paterrios-
ter.roVv"; and A. Brown, Aberdeen. . . •

"lo the UEN TLENIF NrsC LMC Y,and FREEHOLDERS
of the COUNTY, of 1) HA

G EM aN,,
T .tpurnent misrepresentations have
'„(71.,. gene- forth which Might prejudice me in the Pub-
(earinot but feel it respectful to you and just to
iio'self to recur, not_ to professions, but to the Lnown
eiti;es which. have ever guied toy Public Conduct.
Gentlemen, I. was born and .educated us the PrOtestant
Faith. -and I -teryemly• hope to ilie in that Faith ; .l have
maintained, and will ever Maintain, the Protestant Church as'
the liStabrslied Church of this Country, but I calm* make
that ()am, Religion, which proclaimed " Peace on Earth and
goodwill- to Pilaf)" the instrument to kindle political animo-
sities and private dissentious. I have ever supported, and
will ever support, the Protestant Succession to the 'ilirone
of this Empire in the Person of our most Gracious King and
the House.o.l Brunswick; and if it should be attacked, I will
defend that Succession even at the hazard of life itself: but
in my humble judgment, no such danger at present exists.
I ant, and ever nave been, the steady friend of the Lawful
and Constitutional- Prerogatives of the Crown, as settled at
the Glorious evolution .0688, but lam equally the friend
of the Lawful Piivileges.olthe PeOple, and of the-Constitu-
tional Rights of the. House of Commons ; without those
Rights and Privileges ours would not-be what the Constitu.
Lion asserts. it to be, i limited Monarchy, but would he a
despotic Government. These, Gentlemen, are the Prin.
eiptes en which I have unitbrmly acted : if these be criminal;
if it be au *fence to have stepped forward in the dejence of
the Einpire.wlien assailed by the menaces of its bitterest,
but too powerful, Enemy ; if it be an *Fence to have pro.
muted a rigid economy in the expenditure of the Public Mo.
ney, thus contributing to relieve the Country from the in.
creased pressure of Taxation ; and above all, if it he an of.
fence to hal: persevered fOr L 7 ) ears in unremitted exertions
to abolish the Inhumau Traffic in the BL od of our Fellow.
Creatures, then, indeed, might I expel your censure.
Conscious, however, of the rectitude of my Attions, con.
Vinced that e immutable principles of truth will ultimately
prevail, I place my Character in your han,ls, and einfidently
await the issue : and it 1 .should, for the Firth Time, be con-
tinued in the elevated Situation of one of your Representatives
in Parliament, (and of tvhic.h.the kind reception I have every
where expe,ienced leaves me no room to doubt) 1 trust the
remaining period-of my Public Life will not disgrace your
Choice: 1 shall pursue the same even course, marked by
Independence, and unseduced by personal Ambition.
I have the Honour to be,
With every sentiment of gratitude and Resped,
Gentlemen,
Your devotedand faithful Servant,
RA. MI LBANKE;
Seabam, 7th May; 1807.

GENERAL ELECTrON:

To _tin WORTHY and INDEPENDENT FREEHOLD.
ERS of the COUNTY of

CONSCIOUS that I have endeavoured to dis-
clw a my duty' during the short time I have had the
Ilunder of rzpresenting you in Parliament; I again solicit the
Ilonaitr or •your Vote and Interest at the ensuing Election ;
au& trust lOU will be tonvineed that a regular attention tO
that duty has alone prevented me from' paying my personal
acknowledgments to every individual Freeholder.'-
\% heni first 'Aired myself to your notice, 1 rAquested you
to judge a me by triy past ZoiduCtVl'iM dd the sarrie, con-
fident that I have not rditlered' Myself unworthy of that
dlst4ignished and honourable support Which 1: experienced
at the last Elthion, ' • • ' •

I have the Hollow to be,
. . Gentlemen, - .
n•J . your obliged and devoted Servant, ..
Zush-laitl Pail:, Apnl2.7. , ', ' . WM: MELLISH.
`The Committees for conducing Mr. 'Mellish's Eledirin
will. sit daily at his house:No:lt-4 nishovisgate--street -With-
, in. and-at Mr. Thomas Mellish's Chambers, No.'4, Slone
I,Duiid.ngs, Lincoln's-!an.
- .

ELECTION OF A TEMPORAL gU.lt'qvp.E.
LAND. •

rri-HE. 'WRITS for Eleeiina .a PEER. to succeed
to the Vacancy made in the Represehtation of the
Peerage of Ireland, by the Death of the Earl of ROSSE,
..wili..ne.ready to be delivered at this Office, on Tuesday, the
19th day of May instant, to the several Lords entitled to
TtCC.:Ve site carne; a List .of whose Names and Titles of Ho-
nour will be then published in the London and Dublin Ga-
tettes. The Writs-Will be forwarded by Post to eVefy such
lord-Who shall ,send Ditediona in writing for that purpose,
and his Address to this Office ; and those.fOr Peers resident
in Dublin ‘:ill be delivered at• their respedive houses. By
the Ad of Union Peer (except the 28- Representative
Peers) can Vote, without_ first taking the Oaths in Ireland
60inetime-between the- Date and Return of the. Writs.
• THOMAS BOURCHIER,
Deputy Clerk of the Ciow'n in Ireland.
Crown and Hanaper Office, Dublin, •
May 9, 1307.

FOREIGN lATELLIGENCE,

SEVENTY-FIRST BULLETIN of the C RAND.AR MY.

" FINCKENSTEIN", APRIL 19.—The 'viaory of Ey-
lau having. fruStratedi all the plans which the enemy
had formed against the Lower Vistula, has enabled us
to surround Dantzic, and to commence the siege of
that Fortress. :But it was necessary to•draw the bat-
tering artillery from the Fortresses 'of Silesia and
along thekider, 'so that it had. to come upWards. of
Fon leagues, through' a"country in which ther6 are
Igo roads. 'This: difficulty is'now got over, and a part
of that artillery is already'arrived. One hundred
Oleces of cannon .are,now,on.theiv:way. from .Stettin,
pustrin, Glogau, and'Breslau, and /in a few days we
shall be provided with every thing necessary.

The Prussian General ic.A LKiEUTiI has the coat-
i-nand at 1../Intzic. The garrisOn consists of 14,000
Prussians, and. aopo Russians. The. inundations and
mar*!les, 'several-lines of Fortifications., and the Fort
of Weix,eltnunde, have rendered it: difficult to sur-
round the;Fortress..

" The annexed Report of the siege of Dantzic will
shew what progress had been ,inade.to the 17th inst.
par works 'already extend to within eighty rods of
the: Fortress; we have even attacked ,the coVered
to ay several times; and haVe da►naged the palisadoes
thereof.

Marshal LEFEBVRE displays all the a&ivity of
youth.'fiels-very sUCcessfully assisted .by General
6AVAItY j but the latter is now lying ill of a bilious
Icver, at the Abbey of Oliva, not far from the town.
Tlis illnesS7'was of so serious a nature, that his life
was in Clanger for several days. General LEFEBVRE
bas also found able assistants in the General of Bri-
gade SCII4ANNI, the general of. Artillery LARI-
201SSIERE, and in the General of Engineers 'Ku-
GENER. •The General of Engineers CITASSELOUP is
also arrived near Dantzic. .

The Saxon, the Polish, and the /Wen troops,
since the Hereditary Prince of BADE 4 at their
head, are Vying•with each other in bravery, -
The enemy has not tried any other_ method: of
•
comnig to the assistance of Dantzic than;by sending
a few battalions and some provisions to the place by
•

In 'Silesia, Prince JEROME continues the siege of
Neisse vigoionsfy. ' ,
" . Since the Princeiof ,PLEss has declined, to ail,
Baron KLEIST, Aid-de Camp to the King of PROSIA,
is arrived at Glatz, by way of Vienna, with the title
If Governor General of Silesia. He 'is accompanied
hr an English Commissary, wha, must.keep an eye
upo!" the. manner iiiwhich the eighty thousand
pounds sterling are laid out, which Were given by
Englani to the King
On the t 31 h inst. that Prussian Officer advanced
from Qlatz ssith a corps of 4660 men, 'and attacked
General. LEFEBVRE (who commands -the, corps, of
oipiervation which covers the siege of Neisse) at:
Frankenstein. This operation has been ineffeCtual.
Baron •K1•21:.r..7 was repulsed with vigour.
" On the 14th, Prince JEROME fixed I,is head-
enartet,"i at Mmisterbeig.
General LotsO:4* has taken upon him the com-
mand at the' siege of Colberg. The means for.pro-
se cuting the ia,ryi are colletting. They have been.
subjeel to some delay, because it was, necessary not
- hinder the a-ssetubling of thetrain of artilleiy des-.
- ' tined for the Liege of Dantzic.
" MarSkal 11.1ther1Ec, who has the dirthipn of
tJ siege of Coiberg, had gond to, that fortress, leav-
ing General GRANDJEAN in Ponierania„ with a Corps
.o(Observation, after,, he had, given him orders to
take post on the Banks of the Peelle.
" The Garrison of Stralsund having, in the mean
received a reinforcetnent of several Regiments'
by sea, and being informed' of the moyeM.ent of
• Gen. .MORtiER, Marched out in a numerous body.
General. NE!JEA 1‘?, COnfOrMity, to his inStllo;
fiOns, crossed the.Peene, and took post •at AnClami
The numerous flotilla of the Swedes afforded them
opportunity to land at different
.places,. 44d to:surz-
prise 'a Dutch post of 30 men; and an Italian post of
37 Men. 'On being informed of 'these movements,
Marshal Moixtiut, 'on the .13th, proceeded to Stet-
tin, and having colleeted his forces, lie manCeuvred
d 'entice .the Swedes, whose' force did not amount
to 12,000 men, to advance.
.`• itor'tlieSe two 'months past, the Grand Army
'has beet' quiet in- 4s. cantOnMents. This time has
• been employed in.. recruiting the. cavalry, and pro-
,. ,•,-Kting- there With horses",' repairing_ the arms, eStab-
.. iiziting, large Magazines • of. bistuit and brandy, and
i.ilniShing-the:spicliers -;vith Shoes. Independent of
one pair in wear, each' man -has-two. more pair in
•
• ' •
Silesia f.militi-ePrifid.of N'c't-at 'ffirtiisied
a number' of good horses to the Cuirassiers, to the
and to the Light Cavalry.

In the beginning of May, an Army of Obser-
vation, consisting or 50,000 French and Spanish
Troops, will 'l3e asserrible-d on the Elbe. Whilst
Russia had asserohled in Poland nearly the whole of
her troops, there is only a part of the French m4ilary
force in that country. This, however, is a conse-
quence of the great difference which exsts between
the essential strength of the two countries.. rne
500,000 Russians, which the writers of newspapers
made to march to the right and again to • the left,
pill}, exist in their papers; and in the itnaginatiOn of
some readers, who are the easier misled, by being
sheWil the immense extent' of the Russian territory,
without the least mention of its extensive 4eserty
and Uncultivated distrias. •

It is said, that the Guards of the Emperor of
. .
Russ have reaehed the Army. They will See, on
the first Meeting, whether the' imperial Guard is
annihilated,' as the Enemy's Generals have assured.
That Guard is now' more numerous than eve], and
almost.dOuble 'the nuMber it was at Austerlitz..
Exchisive of the bridge.thrown across the Na-
rew, another is forthing on piles between Warsaw
and Praga ; the work is in a very forward state. The
bridges on, piles are stronger ttod more serviceable
than those of boats. 'Although it is very laborious
to construct such bridges across a river of 400 rods
in breadth, it is renderodyasy through the' skill and
aCtivity of the Officers under whose direellan it is
performed, and from the abundance of timber.
" The Prince of BENEVENTO iS still at Warsaw,
negotiating with' the'Ambassadors• of the Porte and
of the 'Emperor of PERSIA.- Independent of .the ser-
vices which he renders to the Emperor as a
Minis-
ter, some important operations are frequently en-
trtgted to him relative to the wants of the army.'
" Finckenstein, where the Emperor has fixed his
residence, in order to have his head-quarters nearer
to 'the station of the army, is a very fine Castle, built
by M. DE FINCKENSTEIN, Governor of FREDERIC 11.
and at present belongs to M. Volg DonNA, Great
Marshal of 'the Court of Prussia.

The cold weather has again set in for these two
days: the thaw is the only symptornve have of the
Spring; the earliest, shrubs do not yet presea the
least sign of verdure."

SEVENTY-SECOND BULLETIN OF THE GRAND

ARMY.

FINCKENSTE-111, APRIL e3.—The operations cf
Marshal MoaTiza have had the desired effect. The
Swedes were, so. inconsiderate as to. cross the River
Peene, to advance upon Anclarn and Dernmin, and
to move towards Passewaik. On the 16th, before
break of day, Marshal MoRTIER assembled his
troops, advanced from Passewalk on the road to An
clam, overthreW the posts at Belling and Ferdinands,
hoff, took 400 prisoners, and two pieces of cannon,
entered Anclam at the same time with the enemy,
and made himself master of the bridge on the
Peene.
" The column of,the Swedish General CARDELL
was cnt off., It remained at Uckermunde when we
were already at Anclam. The Swedish ,General in'
ARMFELDT has been wounded by a grape
shOt. All the enemy's magazines are taken.
" The colurnn of General CARDELL, which has
been cut off, was attacked on the 17th, by the Ge-
neral of Brigade VEAU, near Uckermunde, when the
enemy lost three pieces of cannon, and 500 men,
Which were taken. The rest escaped by get-
ting on board the gun-boats in the Haff. Two
more pieces of cannon, and too' men were taken,
near Demmin. •

" Baron VON ESSEN, who commands the Swe..,
dish 'army during the absence of General AR Al FE LEIT,
proposed an Armistice to General MORTI ER, inforin-
ing him, that the King had granted
,him a special
Tower to conclude the same.. A peace, or even an
armistice, granted to Sweden, would accomplish the
most sanguine wishes of the Emperor, who has al..
ways been very.reluetant to carry on a war against a
generous and brave nation, which, upon local and.
political grounds, is the friend of France. Must
Swedish blood flow, either to prote& or to subvert.
the Ottoman Empire ? Is it to flow for maintaining
the balance, or for supporting the slavery, of the
seas ? What has Sweden to fear from France No-
-thitig. What has she to fear from Russia ) Every
thing. These reasons are too evident not to prompt
an enlightened Cabinet, and a Nation which pos-
sesses clearness of mind and independence of 'opi-
nion, to put a speedy stop to the war.
" Immediately after the battle of Jena the Em-
peror made known his desire to restore the ancient
relations between Sweden and France. 'These first
overtures were made to the Swedish Minister at
HaMburgh, but reje&ed. The Emperor constantly
direaed his Generals to treat the Swedes as friends
with whom we are at variance, and with whom we
shall soon be reconciled, from the nature of 'things.
Behold the true interests of both Nations. If' they
did us any harm, they would regret it ; and we, on
our part, should wish to repair the wrongs which we
have done them- The. interests of the State at last
rise superior to all differences and petty quarrels.'
These were the Emperor's own words, in his Or-
ders. •

" Animated by such sentiments, the Emperor or-
dered the military operations for the siege of Stral-
.sund to be'discontinuekand the mortars and cannon
which were sent from Stettin for that purpose to be
sent back. He wrote to General MoRTIER in the
following wordl I already regret what has been
done.. I am sorry that the fine suburb of Stralsund
is burnt. Is it our business to hurt Sweden ? This
is a mere dread'. It is our business to prote&, not
to do ber any injtry. In the latter, let us be.as mo-
derate as possible: 'PropoSe to the Governor of Stral-
sund an Armistice, or a cessation of hostilities, in or-
der to ease the burden, and lessen the calamities of a
war, which I consider as wicked, because it is impo-
litie.' 'On the Bth, the Armistice was concluded 'be-
tween Marshal MoRTIER and Baron Von Essgtc.—
Annexed,iS a copy of the Articles.

[Here the Articles follow.]

" The Siege of Dantzic is continued without in-
terruption. Annexed is the Report of the :Military
Oper4tions at that place.--..-(Th4 Ifeport is omitted in
the 'Dutch Gazette, being of importance only to mili-
tary inen)
„ .0, the 16th April, at eight .in the evening, a
detachment of 000 inen, from the Garrison of Giatz,
advanced with 'six pieces of cannon against the'right
wing, of the post Of Frankenstein. On the follow-
ing day, thet7th, at break of day, another column,
of 800. men; niarched 'From Silber.berg. These
troops, atier their junaion; advanced twon Franken-

stein, anal commenced an attack, at five in the
moruhig► with au intention .0 attack General-
-
Flavttcil-'.47119 was posted there with 4is Corps of Ob-
Servation.

•
f' Prince .4RQME spt off from Munsterburgh
when the first gun was fired, and arrived at Frank-
enstein' at ten in the morning. The enemy was
Completely dispersed, and pursued to the covered
ways of Glatz. Six hundred of were taken,
together with three weces of cannon. , One Major
and eight Officers are among the prisoners : three
hundred men were left dead op the field of battle,:
four hundred men, that had. escaped in the woods;
were attacked and taken, at eleven in the forenoon.
ColonelßEckEas, commanding the sixth Bavarian
regiment 'of the line, and Colonel SCHARFENSTEIN,
of the Wirtemburgh troops, have done wonders.'--
The former would not quit the .field of battle,
although he was wounded in the shoulder; he
cd himself every where at the head of 'his battalion,:.
and every where he performed wonders. The Ern-:
peror has granted to 'each of these Officers,the Eagle
.of the Legion of Honour. • Capt. giO-CE:FELD, Who
provisionally commands the WurtertibUrgh Horse
Cbasseurs, has likewise distinguished himself ; and'
it was; hethat took the several pieces of cannon.
The siege Of Neisse is going on proTerously,
Qne hall of the town is already burnt, and the
trenches are approaching very peat the Fortress."

BERLIN, MAY 1.7.7-(e.40.14 Tl-1 TELEGRAPH.)—
Twenty-three Swedish OtEceri, Prisoners. of -War,
set out yesterday on their way to Franee An
Qfficer has been appointed to accompany them,
that they might not experience any difficulties on
the route. 'They appear satisfied with :.the distinc-
tion with which they are treated. They enjoyed
great liberty when at Berlin. They condu6ted them-
selves like men of honour, bearing arms, and their
parole was sufficient to'allow them to have many com-
forts which their situation admitted of. The Stvedes.
never aEt contrary to their word, and it is known
that their King would not permit apy of his sub
jetas to depart from the paths of honbur. ;Jot/I,s,
XII. said, that if honour was banished from the'
.earth, it would be foUnd in the hearts of Kings. It
was also known that the King of Prussia has de-:
prived of his military rank M. De P. who had dared
to ask his Majesty to reinstate him ip the army
while he was a prisoner on his parole to the French.
MAY 2.-,-Orders 'have beeti given to prepare.
lodging for 50,600` FrePah troops, who are to
through tfii's city ontheirway to the Grand Army.

BANKS OF TILE ELBE, MA 4.—Letters "from
Leipsic and Vienna state, that the English Fleet; re-
inforced by the Russian Vesselsebas again passed thR
Dardanelles. According to, official report the Rus-
sians have made a fruitless attack against Giurgewo,
and have raised the siege of that place.
VIENNA, APRIL 22.—The following is the snb-,
stance of the business proposed_to the Hungarian
Diet on the toth. • The States, in 1802, having ac-
knowledged the :necessity of raising a sufficient land
force in the course of three years, and that period
having expired, his Majesty recommends it to hiS,
faithful States, to take the necessary measures for
putting this force upon a proper footing.. The ex-
pence for support of the military having necessarily
increased, his Majesty wishes the States to take this
into their consideration, and to increase the contri-
butions in proportion. The levy en masse, another
infallible 'means of defence, which circumstances
prevented from being called 'out last war; his Ma,'
jesty requires to be put in such a state of readiness
as to be called out upon the shortest notice possible,
whenever it may be found necessary. .The Trea-
sury haVing suffered considerably, in consequence
,of almost 20 years incessant war, it is necessary to
find out new means for replenishing it. And as the
. support of justice contributes much,to the prosperity
of the Country, his Majesty recommends the eSta
meat of a Court to take cognizance of all.
affitirs, relative to Bills of Exchange. The States'
are also recommended to take measures for bet-'
tering the condition of the poor,, for employing
them, &c.
We are assured that the Archduke CHARLES
has Tanned the plan for a military conscription
through all the Austrian States exactly upon 'the
French model. All the youth in the Austrian Mo-
narchy, not excepting the 'Nobles, are to be sub-
je& to this new, law. , The number of conscripts
for each year_ will be settled by law ; but' the youth
of good families, the Nobles, &c. as soon as they'
understand the nature of the Service in a cornpe-
.tent degree, are to be promoted to the rank of
Officers.

AUGSZURGH, APRIL 22.—1 n this city, where we
receive news from Constantinople thtough two
channels, viz. over-land by way of Hungary, and
by sea from Trieste, we are acquainted with parti-
culars of which the Newspapers make no mention.
Hence we learn, that the Russians have attempted'
a landing upon the island of Candia, but were re-..
pulsed with considerable loss.---From Constantinople
we.also learn, that the Grand Signior has been to the
principal' Mosque with the greatest solemnity, and
there laying his hand upon the Koran, had. sworn
rather to die than deviate from the alliance and
friendship of his brother NAPOLEON Having re-.:
turned to his Palace, he dispatched Couriers to Syria,:
Natolia, Arabia, and Egypt; ordering the Gov4rnors to
declare war against the English, and take posses-
sion of their property. He has also ordered the:
Beys to exert themselves to the utmost to disap.;:.
point the designs of the Enemy at Alexandria.—
The orders for seizing English-property in Natolia •
have been executed with such dispatch,' that • the
GoVernors of Stuyrna and'Salimica have already sent.
.word that the seizures amount to upwards of eighty •
millions. The Turkish Fleet is ordered to attack
the three Russian Ships of the Line which are in the
Black Sea.

BERLIN, APRIL 28.—For some time after •Col-
berg was invested, a natnter of the garrison shewed
themselves in several places, particularly near Ru-
genwalde. These troops, however, are at length
driven into the place and for more than a week
past the Polish General HENRY has closely invested
C(.Win with a numerous cavalry and'some infantry.
According to latei accounts, Colberg is warply can-
nonaded.

Protu Neisse, in Silesia, we learn, that the bom-
bardment bad excited a disposition in the Com-
mandant to capitulate ; but that his' Prussian Ma-
iesty bad issued the stri&est orders to all the Com-
mandants of pikes still in his poirer, to detend
themselves to. the last extremity►, without any co,n-
uideratifn of the inhal?itaats.

Atswsisun. APlitt. t7.--Within these roar day"
we have-riltetVedinformation, thatthe French Army
colleeted in theFrioul, and intended for Dalmatia, had
suddenly received a new destinatiort; and that the
divisions under the Generals Mouron and BOUDET,
fOillipg a part of that army, are expeded to pass
througbiour city to join the Grand' Army in Poland.
This news was
,brought here on the 24th by the
French General HEcToit. These troops will pro
teed in columns, and be quartered provisionally in
our city and its environs, and upon- the Lech. The
day before yesterday Qeneral Box4IET arrived hi
,person, with a• tinmerptis suite ; and yesterday the
56th regiment of infantry arrived hero in 'l4 days,
from Verona. Two divisions of this regiment haVe.
'contioned-theit rnetrch The 84th has since arrived,
and snore are expeaed in a few days.

NArt.,,Es, Arah, 15.—The Government here ha;.
undergone great changes. The number of lYlini-
sters, consequence,of uniting their funetions, 13
reduced to three. The War Department is now
cotute6ed with the Police. M. DullAs, the ci• devant
Minister of War, is appoitited Grand Marshal of the.
Palace.

.
SCH-WE n IN, MAY .77.TbeTruce with the Swedes,
whiCh was the forttinate result of the bloodshed
which had so uselesslY been Spilt in Pomerania, ap,
pears likely to be of longer duration than was at first
expected at least there was, on 'the (.4gth of )as,
month,' a new article added to• the Armistice, by-
Marshal MOuTiEit and General VON ESSEN, stating,
That hostilities between the French and Swedis
troops cannot commence, unless a previous notice
is given Of one month,. instead of ten days, as had
been stipulated."
MEMEL, APRIL, W.—The Emperor of Russia at-
rived on the first instant at Polangen. His Majesty
went: there to visit him. Some of.. his Majesty's
horsevwere sent forward to Polangen • and on tiP.t.
'L'A,lat noon, hiS Imperial Majesty arrived here. Th 9
szttne.day beforedinner, he visited Prince WlLLimu
and Princess LoutsA After. dinner the
.Emperor went to see the PRINCE ROYAL, Vi4o is
indisposed, the Prince of. ORANGE VIILDA, and the
.Catinet Minister, M. De HARDENBERG, with whor4
hiS Majesty 'had, a tete-a-tete of two boars. After
supperhis Majesty went - to his, apartments, applied
himself to business until one o'clock, and dispatched
three conriers,,,...

On,the:3d there_yras.a great dinner, The Emperor
made sorne-Nisita,-among which was one to General,
3A/ICLAY*:'!it these visits, which his Majesty
made. on horseback, and in his carriage, be was ad-
compiihied by Colonel KRUSEMARK, except who
he went to Bardii'HARDENBER6's.- On the 3d, after
a. light s4Per, his Majestfk • Was' employed in his
capinet until near three.in the rnorning; and
.Qn the
4:tll,:at font in the morning, he set out for Georges-
burgh:-Their Majesties; the King arid Queen, set
. .
01.1 t at 'seven o'clock, by. the w# of "Tilsit, for Key-
ciellen, which is opposite Georgenburgh..
On:the'-'6th instant, the guards, with the Grand
.bn'ke-1--c*TaNTINE at their head, began to paSs tha
Meniel. On the n7th 'inst. all these selec'it troopi.
..paSsed that river', W•as 'still frozen. They
• • - . • .
were just iatime, for oh- account of the winds, the
rain, and the thaw; the-river hasnbecoMe iinpassa,ble
Within the three last days. Their: Majesties, tile
Emperor and -the King, it is 'supposed, are still'at
Keydellen, • •
On the day of the Emperor's 41-rival at wind,
the City was illuminated. Baron'HannsNaERG, Cc..
lOpelS KLEIST and KRUSEMARK, and Major JAGOWI
travel in.the suite of 'the KI.NG ind QUEUti.

Lord HITTCIIINEON, the British Envoy, will set
out to-morrow morning fok Keydepen.

MAILS.
It X-VAD —4 Dublin. Do A---1 Gottenburgb
, _ 2 Waterford.

PRICE' OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE, O'CLOCI7.•
' Consols - - - 63 ilf I Ununoin - - - 1 i pr.
~.. ~

THE SUN.

soczst Ltuls Diqx,Ric PALIUM AVDELT?,

L 0 N D ON,
FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1907.

OUP, Letter from Penzance this morning moi
tions, that the Anna and Joseph had arrived there
,
from Madeira, in eleven days the Captain Q€
which states, that while he was at Madeira he was
'lnformed by the Captain of His Majesty Ship Sr
bille, that he had fallen in with Sir SAmucr, HOOO
cruititig off the Canaries, by. whom he was told-that
Buenos Ayres had been retaken. No official ipsel-
haS reached Government upon. the subjo,
bUt.we are ,strongly inclined to give credit to tbo
'• above account.'

Wn have recfpived Hamburgh and Data Papers,
the former to the 6th, and the latter 'to the 12th inst.
They• contain the Sevt':nty- first and Seventy-second
Bulletins of the' Fren.ch Army: They announce o°
new Military successes, but they state, what we
::44arthere is too much foundation for, viz.. that the
French Army has received immense Reinforce'
,•
nients,":, and that BONAPARTE has taken adva°'
tage Of the cessation- of hthaties to repleni•44
"his Magazines and to re-mount his Cavalry. Wl6
have, however, the satisfaction of .knowing tb3t
an equal degree of aaivity has been displayed 31
Russia, and that her armies have also been greatlt
reinforced.' The Siege of Dantzic proceeds b`IC
slowly ; the French were obliged to bring theif
heavy artillery " from Silesia, and along the. Oder'
upwards of zoo leagues, through a Country in vvi
there are no roads." These difficulties, however',
had been in part surmounted, and, at the date
the Bulletin (April 1g), a part of the artillery 133')
arrived. It appears that BONAPARTE still ellP=ll3
it
some suspicions of the intentions of Austria, for
'dole
, stated in the Foreign Journals, that - a form!.
I ecl''
French Army is about to "Assembled on the
