. T•
NAVA I, NEW S.

PLYMOUTH,' DEC.. 15.—Arrived this afternoon
the American Ship Union, Capi. Gmbitorr, from
L'Orient, which place site left on Monday last ;
bas on board a Messenger with dispEttdlies from the
French Government to that of America, and came
here to take'-on board-a Messenger from this cOun-
try, Vhose arrival htre from Lon,lon is hourly ex-
pected. Stir brings. iiitelligeuce I hat BUO&APARTE,
with his brother JOSEPH, entered Madrid on the 2d
instant, but brings no intelligence relative to the
ritish armies in Spain. The Expedition against
SPaidis stated to be very unpopular throughout
Vranee.
Sailed the Star; Capt. MVlLLzstat, for Rio
dz-
neiro.

...Arrived the It aterhouse, TAYLOR, from Stock-
bohn, with tar, bouud to

DOVER, DEC. 16.—A F'ag of Truce arrived here
this afternoon from Boulbgtie, having on board 'Mr.
SHAW, the Messenger.

ARMOUTH, DEC. W.—Sailed the Bellerophon,
diloukir, Princess Corolii:e, Majestic, and Stately/,
on a cruize, under the orders of Admiral GARDNER.
Remain in the Road,,, lioebuth, Admiral Douglas,
Calypso, iWusquito, Chanticleer, Leveret, Havock,
dnd Snipe.

PORTSMOUTH, DEC. IG.—Arrived his Majesty's
hip Portmalton, from the Downs.
Sailed his- Majesty's Ships Lenz's, for Lisbon,
GOs4awk, for Spain, and the Phipps Gun-brig, on
crtlizc ; also Hannah, —, Lisbon facket,--,
;Susan, COTTON, Hope, --) Fame, THOMAS,
fur Lisbon ; Friendship, —, Pacquet de Rio,
ISaxellia,' and General 'Footle, —) bound for
t-)Porto.
.—....e.,
i iiVednesday the two companies of Horse Artil-
y, as well as the Gunner Drivers, all under the
'orders of Captain M‘DONALD, for Spain, were dis-
Ornharked at Portsmouth, and are to .return to
'Woolwich.
' . The Post-Horse Duties were let yesterday, at the
trovin arid Aechor Tavern, when the several rents
, were increased to 27,0001. and upwards more than
149 year.
ki„Letters from the West Indies state, that the ex-
lt len againSt the French Islands is going. forward,
iend, the, arrival of Sir GEORGE PREVOST was anxi-
)tisly Icioked for. There are already 5000 troops
iolletted at Barbadoes, black and white.
'the 4th West India Regiment had just arrived
from Dremarara at Barbadoes to join the Expedition.
tut it was found, that the Object. of the Expedition
0' Uld be frustrated from the number pl the enemy's
ships which had all arrived in perfect sAlety with
12rP.Visions, stows, and men. The complaints were
101:rd and general over all the Islands, and yet uur
truiZers there are numerous.
' 'Among.the deaths in the West Indies, are Gen.
onEs, an old soldier, who had served .in many
otiarterti and whose loss was much felt and gener.
aIY iearelted. Lieut. Colonel LEATHS, one Captain
four subalterns, with about 100 men, of the
rota egiment, died in the course of last month at Sr.
. h 4,...vacaOcy has taken place in the representation of
;tie norongh of St. Alban's, in consequence of the
qn.eetrient to the Peerage of the Hon. J. W.
1.1 itih, by the tide .of Viscount FORRESTER,
1)(!n thesr death of his co6sin, Baroness FORRESTER.
il(estErday morning about five o'clock, the shop
broke
' Nireßeauehamp Silversmith, in Holborn, was
• °Pen,' apd robbed of plate and watches to the
-stP°llPt Pf 1501. The house of, Mr. Isaacs, in
-.loornshtny-square, was broke open nearly the same
'Lime, and lobbed of plate to the amount of i of 01.
V...A: ma ii of the name of Swing, a shoemaker in
osnninuth-,treet; was charged at the Police-Office,
rn,at,fortGarden, yesterda, with stabbing a patrole
Iset"e'exectition of his duiy. It appeared that the
treat 139ner; had often.been in confinement for barbarous
Ment of his Wife; and on Thursday night lie
crew a knife, on her, and swore he would murder
i'er• The shrieks of the poor woman brought sonic
et `llSle to her assistance, whilst the brutal husband '
p, a 5 Slati'dillg over her with the deadly weapon. The
I,,i!role and two watchmen interfered, and took the
f,4'l-I.srtlei into custody, when he stabbed the patrole
jies.,'e in the stomach, but providentially the blunt-
ie.i,ileriLli .weapon prevented a mortal incision. He
i -.li cOth 'lt d for trial under the cutting and
Ilia.ner, __oll e
gat.
f -14 s '4 I/ —4 match has been Made
_or k TRIAN i ATC .
Tyne r• Wilson, a b.-eokseller in Newcastle upon,
daps to gu one thousand ' miles in 20' successive
Ys,for ()lie thousand guineas. He is to commence
hisDe riefculean task on the rrth of April. The
:'°llhcl seteEted isitont Shoreditch Church to the
'sth-rnile' stone on the Carnbridgeßoad, and bee&
*gain e,ich day. He is bound by wager to perform
!.e 50 miles per day in t 4 h
this, and tedrink no-
;g hut water during his journey. MT. Wilson
!Il
11ilhe
atpedestrian who performed a match of i 600,
lei Newmarket in October last. High udds are
betted against the performance.
28t1 The very dense fog which atteeded, on Tuesday
, the commencement of the drawing of the pre-
'e_.ot LOttery, some people thought ominous, and
ottributed to it the noncoining up of any one of the
great Money Prizes. But although there should be
lesgreat a fog on Tuesday next, the day, neverthee .
as half,sill prove a bright one to many adventurers,
Petted at least, of all the Capitals may then be ex-
,,l to arise, besides the absolute certainty of the i
1.,',1570 entous Extra Benefit of 500 Lottery Tickets.
ie. t' ja . a Critical moment tor possessing every remain-
"g Ticket and Share in the Lottery market !

lit Cl-1 ‘‘',I.TER AT L()NDON BRIDGE TO-M 01)-
IV • ROW. ic'tllng, 4% min. aftcr 2.t Afternoon, 6' Min. after 3.
MONDAY.
ori,-,
„.
..
---1)2.5 min. after 3:1 Afttrnoeti 4 min. alter 3.

,§MITIIFIELI3 CLUB CATtLB

• „.
~ Yesterday. Morning,. Mr. Sadler's., Yard, in Gos-
,Well-street,- was opened fOr publicly exhibiting the
'cattle, sheep, and pigs. sent in by the candidates for
the handsome prizes, offered by this patriotic body,
for such animals as' shall. appear, by the certificates
sent in with them, to have improved the most in flesh,
and fatness for the quantities and kind of food con-
mulled by each respeCtively.
Mr. William Walker, of WoolsthOrpe, Lincoln-
shire;' Mn William Watkins, of Brinsop, Here-
, fordshire ; and Mr. John Roper, of Potters-ferry,
' Bucks, three eminent graziers,were appointed Judges
lot examining -the certificates and the animals shewn,
and awarded the prizes ; a task so arduous, owing to
the number, and nearly balanced excellencies of the
animals in several of the classes, , that occupied
these Gentlemen the whole of Thursday, and all the
-
forenoon of yesterday, before they were able to com-
plete their award, and that labels announcing their
decisions could be stuck up at the head of the several
animals, which were as follow, viz. •
A premium of 20 guineas in Class I. for the Herefordshire
breen of oxen, to Mr. Samuel Chandler, of Morton, Bucks,
for his six years old pied ox, bred by Mr. William Walker,
of Burton', Worcestershire; and an additional premium of ten
guineas to the same gentleman, on account of his Ox being
adjudged to be the best strewn in the first six classes.
A premium of twenty guineas in C lass I V. for the Sussex
or Kent breed of oxen, to Mr.. Edward Auger, of Eastbourne,
Sussex, tor his five years old' red ox, bred oy himself.
A premium of twenty guineas in Class V. for the Devon-
shire breed of oxen, .to Mr. Martin Webber, of I lcheSter, So-
mersetshire
,for his six years old ox, bred by Mr. Francis
Quartley, of Molland, Devonshire. •
A premium (the first) of twenty guineas in Class VII. for
large oxen not worked, to Mr. Martin Webber, of 14:nester.
Soniersetshire, for his three year old red Devon ox, bred by
Mr. John Burgess, of South Moulton, Devonshire.
A premium idle second) of ten guineas in Class VII. for
large oxen, not worked, to Mr. Samuel Chandler, of Mor-
ton, Bucks, tot' ins slx year old red Herefordshire ox, bred
by Mr. William Walker, of Burton, Worcestershire.'
A premium of ten guineas in Class VIII. fur small, oxen
of any breed, to' Mr. Samuel Brooks, of ‘Volvers Hill, War..
wickshire, for his live year old black Highland SCotch ox.
A premium often guineas in Class IX. for fat cows, hay.
ing borne three calves, to Mr. John Weatcar, of Creslow,
Bucks, for his six year old red Hereford cow, bred by Mr.
Wm. Watkins, of Brinsop, Herefordshire.
A premium of ten guineas in Class X. For one-year old
long- woolled wether sheep, to the Rev.Thornas Plaskett, of
Harlamon Lodge, Lincolnshire, for his three new Leicester
wethers, bred by himself.
A premium of ten guineas in Class XI. for two-years
old long-woulled wether sheep to Mr. Thomas Moore, of
Tardibcrg, Warwickshire, for his three new Leicester
wethers' bred by himself, from a ram of Mr. Thus. Chap-
man, of Lenny Drayton, Leicestershire.
A premium of ten guineas in Class XII. for one year old
short woolted wether sheep, to his Grace the Duke of Bed-
ford, fo'r his three South Down wethers, bred on his Maul. ,
den Farm, in Bedfordshire.

A premium of ten guineas in Class XIII. for two year
old short, woolled wether sheep, to Mr. Henry King, jun. of
Plaistow, Essex, for his three South Down wethers, bred by
Mr. John Elliman, of Glynd, Sussex. •
A premium of ten guineas in Class XI V. for pigs under
twu yearS old, to Mr. John ltuads, of Aston Abbots, .Bucks,
for his black and white Berkshire sow pig, 54 weeks old,
bred by Mr. joins Westbrook, of Pinkney's Green, Herts.
A premium of ten guineas in Class XV. for pigs under one
year oid, to Mr. John Hassard, of Brocket, Heusi for his
white halt bred China arid Sutfulk pig, 48 weeks old, bred
by Lord Melbourne, of Brocket Hall, Herts.

In Class 11. 'ior the long-horned breed of oxen,
and in Class VI. for mixed breed of oxen, we are
sorry to observe that no candidates appeared; and
that the one who offered for the premium hi
.Class
11.1. failed in ;:roving the requisite quantity of labour
to have been done by his ox, in the last two years.
The Judges, by a special note annexed to their
award, called .the attention of the Club and the
Company to the excellent qualities of Mr. Thomas
Brooks's three-year old Scotch ox, in Class ;as
also to the high perfection of Earl Maccfestielo's,
Mr. John Ednu.thd's, and Mr. Wrri. Bonk bee's pens
of two-shear new Leicester wether snLep, in Class
XI.; .also to the pen of one-year old new Leices-
tets, belonging to Mr. Thos. Oldacres; in Class.X.
The Judges regretted that two very large and tine
Hereford oxen, belonging- to Mr. John \Vestcar,
were sent in without any certificates to entitle them
to competition for the Prizes in Class I.

Tke great -number of -animals shewn this year
precludes our going particularly into the other ani-
mals exhibited; sonic ploughs and oilier implements
Were exhibited, and several notices interesting to
agrieulturists, merchants, N-c. were given, among
others cat. ir. John Hawkins's Mechanical Museum.
A great colcoilise of Noblemen and Gentlemen
,attended, end seemed 'high.), delighted with the
animals exhibited at this very commodious and con-
venient place, the whole area of which is covered
with hpacious sky-lights.
The exhibition will not close until Monday
evening.

At three o'clock, such Gentlemen as are Memberi
of the Club adjourned •to Frevmasons' Tavern,
where a meeting was held, Lord Somerville in the
chair, at whit!) twenty-three Members of the Club
were present ; when the following six Gentlemen
were elected Members of 'the Club, viz.
Mr. John Lomas, of Kensington; Mr. John
Chapman, of Drayton; Mr. Thomas Moore, of
Taidibeg ; Mr. John Tomlin, of Knightthorpe ;
Mr. Thomas Cobb, of Banbury; and Mr. John Ko-
per, of Potter's Bury.
Sir. Jo;epli Banks attended, and read to the com-•
pany a Methorial, intended to be presented to the
Board of Trade, soliciting the support of Govern-
.
in removing the .dreadrul damage and. mis-
ChiefS which arise to indi'vtduals, and to the public,
from the confined and crowded state of Smithfield
Market, and its total' inadequacy, intersected as it
is by various great thoroughfares for carriages, to ac-
commodate the increasing number of cattle, sheep,
and pigs soldtfiere, amounting to the enormous sum,
as is stated, of fiie millions sterling annually. The
necessity of this Mode of proceeding is stated to arise
from the City of-London having, spent seven years in
ineffettual atteiuuts and schemes for enlarging this
impartant market, whose 'extent remains the.satue
now as it was in the reign of William the
Cori-
queror.

At the conclusicin of reading t liis MeMorial, it was
handed round the room, and received tie signatures
of the Gentlemen present land this day and Monday
the same will lay at Mr. Sadler's, in Goswell-street,
for the sig:iatures of, sueh land7uwt.ers, breeders,
graziers, salesmen, butchers, &c. as attend the cattle-
shew.

At five o'cloOk neay, thirty Gentleineii at down to
a most sumptuousd.lourr, whell'LordSurirVilre took
Ule.Chair.

In the. Grim. C9n. case of Boar's:Gnot< /71 B -
RINGPON, his Lordship has obtained a divorce jir
Doltit6rs' Commen3; and the adultery being clearly
,proyeciiier Lldyship is nix- Wive a'unti.tflenAlicc.

laiV

, -
; ItErRESEkTATION TUE 46ST NOIILE CITY
vp..ita CELTZ, TC IS EXCELLENCY tHE VICE.ROY.,

" MOST EXCELLENT SEI:1.&IORy
" This Corporation, and all the inhabitants of
this city, have, 'ever since the arrival of the, rimtura,
,been plunged into the most inexpressible 4,oliclion.
" They have,seen in the Gazette, .No: 59, of this
capital, published yesterday, copies. of:. the three
Madrid Gazettes,
,of the. 13th, 17th, and nth of
May,, inserted by order of your Excellency, tbr the
information of the whole of, this kingdom.; and
t. their consternation has reached-the 'highest pitch.
" From the intbrinalities to be remarked in the
Protest, and its. ratification, attributed to his Ma-
jesty D. Carlos IV. and in the letter of the Emperor
of the French, said to have been addressed to Seig-
nior D. Ferdinand Vll.—from the alarming contents
of all these instruments, and from .the ssrie of the
succeeding events, there tan be no doubtAliat
.the
renunciations of our unfortunase PrinceS, which
,even if voluntary, would have been invalid, have
been extorted by extreme violence, and di&ated 'by
the imperious and irresistible force of necessity.
" Our Mother Country occupied by 160,000
men, (who, received as allies, and treated as friends,
in -return for this generous hospitality, have seized
the fortresses, whence they held out the alternative
of slavery or death) actuallystirprized, unprovided,
and defenceless, cannot, at least a: this moment,
generally.manitest her resolution, punish the. out-
rages she has suffered, and combat the'oppression
under which she labours.

Weconceive that New Spain, happy, loyal,
brave, opulent, and the envy of the world, under
the indispensable obligation of preserving tbr it na-
tural sovereigns or their lawful successors, under
our existing religion. laws, and Customs, this pre-
cious niheritance of their august ancestors.
" Vera' Cruz, the tirst;settlernent on this Conti-
nent which swore allegiance to them—loyal, ,obe-
dient, and singularly attached to its Monarchs—is
duly impressed with the unalterable fidelity of- your
Excellency, and all the tribunals of the kingdom ;
and its inhabitants are ready to sacrifice their lives
and property in support of the most dignified and
important undertaking which has ever been -pre-
sented to the characteristically faithful hearts of
Spaniards.

" We 'have accordingly this day, in our own
name, and in that of all the inhabitants, assured
the Military Governor, Don Pedro Alonso, that he
may confidently rely on our exertions as tar as they
may be thought' necessary for the said purpose and,
meanwhile, we cherish the hope that the hand of.
the Almighty, the Special Protector of Catholic
Kings, blessing the ett;ffts of our patriotiSm, will.
deliverthe most innocent Ferdinand from the bonds
of captivity, by one of those means which limited
human conception 'ought to adore, but is incapable
of comprehending, and that he will be 'restored to
his august throne, or that he will establish it in this
important asylum of his misfortunes.
" We feel the highest satisfaction in thinking that
your Excellency, animated with similar sentiments
and wishes, will make all the exertions, that are
suited to your exalted functions and obligations, and
by so doing, immortalize your name in the temple
of fidelity.

" This line of condua is, in our opinion, not only
prescribed by the inmost sentiments of our ardent
loyalty, but also by the interest of our captive. coun-
try,ssince, should she deliver herself from the yoke
that oppresses her, she would be stripped of this
valuable Colony, were it in the mean time surren-
dered to the Government- of the Usurper; and such
surrender might, perhaps, render abortive all 'the
efforts for her deliverance. •

" Policy, patriotism, character, indignation, alike
summon us triresistance and an heroic defence; and
posterity, impelled by heart-felt gratitude, will con-
secrate the most splendid monuments to the me-
mory of your Excellency, and all the happy and
loyal inhabitants of New Spain,. whose sentiments,
we flatter ourselves, with the most just Confidence,
are all equally unanimous, as your Excellency Mil .be
able to convince yourself, if you will be pleased
.to
assemble and consult their Representatives.
Those of this most faithful city Ratter them-
selves that your Excellency will receive, with ap-,
probation, this small proof of their drdent zeal, and
that you will be pleased to communicate to them
such instructions and commands as shall secure the
attainment of their objet, and admit them uklie
greatest possible share of the glory of attracting the
admiration of the Universe .to the extent of the
loyalty of the successors of the immortal Cortes, and
the attachment of the Americans to their Sovereigns,
the more ardent in consequence of their being en-
compassed by misfortunes, and separated from their
subjetts,and dominions.

" May God preserve your Excellency many

years.
" Town-Hall of Vera Cruz, July 22, 1808.
,Signed, " Pedro Telmo Landerodokf Marino"De A lmansa,
Angel Gonzalez, Juan Manuel Munoz, Juan
Baptista Lobo, Martin Maria De cos, Mateo La-
rclizou Mrphy, Francisco Antonia De. La Sierra,
Alberto llerreto, Francisco De A rrillaga, Juan
Josef De Jraeta, Pedro Garcia Del Vaile, Josef
Xavier. De Olazalial, Salvador _Callan, Miguel
Cabaleri."
Addressed to his Excellency Seignor Vecey, Don Josef De
lturrigaray.

PROCLAMATION OF THE VICEROY OF NEW

SPAIN.

er INHABITANTS OF MEXICO

" The Gneral Junta, held on the gth instant,
have determined tbat your expeaations should be
gratified, as to informing you of the result of thcir
deliberations. This lam now about to do, and to
this you have a just claim; for the loyal sentiments
which you 'have displayed towards the King and
the mother country have been most generous and
energetic.

• .
"Penetrated with the same sentimentii that re-
speCtable Assembly over which I preside, impelled
by.the warmest and noblest transports, pronounced
with acchuriations the name of the young
.MonarCh
of Spain, Seig. or Don Ferdinand VII. They con,
tinned to repeat these acclamations, in- the solemn
act of taking-the oaths to his Majesty, to whom they.
immediately swore all,:giance, proclaiming hail King
of Spain and the Indies. They have sworn to ac-
knowledge him only as Sovereign, and on his de-
laWfut suceessors'of the Royal rade of tqur-
'boa. By the same sacred engagement, they have
bound themselves not to yield obedience to any order
proeeeding riatibri.• vthiCh' tippres'ilife/y de.

. . ,
tai ns them itt captivity, throng!. Whatever chanriei 8
they may be addressed, and to resist every. attempt
to execute theni by force,- add all. treaties oncoalitionj ..
enterectintu,for that purpose, until your Wishes are
completely satisfied..., .. .. .
• ' • `a' I . Inhabitants or these dominions, your .set Lc: t y is, certain. Repose yourselves on the bosomot totir 1 1
eountry; It is my duty to watch over her safety.--;
The precious task of her.defences cot,fided tome by i
the hand of the Mona'rch hitt-Bell, ix.ill.be discharged
to the utmost of My abilities and cuergies...-yhotigli .1
not unaware of the havoc and carnage Aecompeny?
ing military operations, I will constantly tali ti, ,;.ti
the God of Hosts to arm my heart with 1 ;:at valour •
which alone is derived from his power for: it.e de-
fence of his, altars, justice, and innocent*. Tiro ma-
gazine of Mars contains not weapons 'mon- potent. . •
" Your offers are accepted, and all. elle Memberl
,i
df the General Junta .have. engaged td realize Ciein. ~1
This is considered as a social and sacred obligat ion, to
be ,resorted to only in ease of nece4Sity. .
Meanwhile, the tranquillity of the kingdom lip., .I
secured, the constituted anthoritieS are li‘itiiiiates i
and continue,, without any change; in the exercise 1
of the duties prescribed to them by the la-vv s t.)t their ,
country, and their respective offices and digniiies.
~ 1
" With respectto 'the external concerns of the I
kingdom, I have.assured you, that force will be re-
7.sisted by forces and your valour wi.l then have an
opportunity of thing, the nobleitnpulse which aniri
mates it , being- under dt:te ri...gulation; for military
virtue can have no place arnidsLunotganiiedooe- 1
.

rations.

. . ,
``The capital ,of thnse•kingdoms,t on th,e first in-,
telligence of the calamities of Spain, and when the
risk was the greatest, applied to me., and earnesily
solicited that I would take-their all into my ciisposal,
in order to the ptserVation and defence of these do=
minions, for their Sovereign.
" The public Papers havealready made knoivn the
sentiments and subscriptii7,tis of the Municipalities,
Corporations, Prelates, tebility, and Comthonaltyi.
and you are convinced, have no doubt, that all ate
animated witli similar sentiments.

" Concentrated in Ourselves, we have nothing to
expect troni any other Power than the lawful atitho-
thy ,of our Catholic Monarch, Seignor D./Ferdinand'
VII. ; and whatever Stipremo JUntai may be esta-
blished for the kingdoms in either hemisphere, they
shall not be obeyed, .unless they have been institute
ed, created, or formed by his Majesty or his Repre-
sentatives, legal 77. and'authenticallv appointed; but
to those so constituted we will pay the obedience
due to the commands of, our King 'alid natural Sp-,
vereign, in the 'form and in.:noer respeetivdy esta,!
Wished by the laws, Royal oidinanees, a:id ttcrulat.
" The series and character of the fuldre event*
which may result from the. heroic etfoits of the Spa:
nish nation, or the attempts and machinations of the
enemy, will doubtless exact ulterior deliberations ai;r/
precautions,' which will be projected and execute
with the utmost prudence and decorum v," True,
of my Vice-Regal authority, I inThrin yoti of those,,
circUmstance,; for I love a people so faithful and
loyal, and have ever, as they must have perceived,
thought them worthy of, and entitled to, the cont..;
munication of all intelligence not, in Its very na.;.
tore, reqttirin4 to he kept S&Trct."
" Giien at the Royal Palai:e, of Mezieo;
the oth August, igog."

DARING ROBBERY.--On Wednesdq evening Mr.
Clewlow, of Norfolk-street, Secretary tO Admiral
Sir Samuel Hood, left London in a post-chaise for
Portsmouth, when two large hunks ‘c ere faStencd &11.
the perCh of the chaise Tile post-b,y, previous tO
Mr. C.'s departure, informed, him that the 'loads
were touch better by way of Putney to Kingston,
than the Wandsworth-yoad, and conseque4 the'
driver was ordered to proceed that way. After hair.;
ing got a sb*t distance from Hyde. Park Corner
Gate, Mr. Clewlow thought he heard a noise, and
on looking on the perch, lie.missed his trunks; hd
immediately-alighted and went.,back. towards Hy:4
Park Corner. He discovered one Of the trunks; cones
taming` private papers, &c. in the middle ofthe turn..
pike-road, but the other, containing considerable'
valuables, wo not found. It is conjedured, from.
certain circumstances, that the robbery was preme-.
ditated, and the Officers belonging to Marlborough-i•
street Police Office, are endeavouring to trace tb
• I •
thieves.

- Another robbery was committed on the property
of Sir' Samuel Hod; at about the same
.time as the
former. The Admirals servant had been sent to
fetch a small package from Phillimote-place, Bromp-
ton, to his town-house, in Wimpole-street. The
servant, on coming back, was met by a genteel
dressed man, who informed him he had been long
on his errand, that his Mistress was waiting the ar.;•
rival of the package, and that he was to return to
Phillimore-Place, to fetch another package. . The
robber by this artifice got possession of the property,;.
and the credulous servant returned to Phillircore-
place as he was ordered. Thk 'package also con,
tained valnables to a considerable amount. ;
Wednesday evening last, between seven and esgltt
k, o'cloc as I\lr. Knapp, an industriouS Currier, of
Tunbridge, Wilts, was tzaVelling towarols Bristol;
on the road near 'Keynsham, a man suddenly seized
Jiro reins of his horse, and dematicletl his Money. Mr.
Knapp endeavoured to extricate himself by clapping
spurs to the horSe ; but the robber held the bridle h
thk the animal , was unable to proceed.—
During this struggle an accomplice, who leaped.over
a gate, came to the assistance of the other robber,
and struck Mr. K. a dreadful blow in the groin, with.
a large bludgeon. They then rifled his pockets, and
took from him 821. and some silver; and, after per,.
mitting his horse to go astray, they left him
dead on the side of the road, where he remained
some time, unable to Move, till a gentleman, attracted
to the place by his groans, humanely conveyed hirn to
Bristol, where he now lieS dangerously ill. Thci
horse on which he rode *as found the same even,
ing by a waggoner; but the rObbers,• we lament to
say,. have hitherto eltided deteelion.

Dis Count allothed on Lottery Shares.—Erery Par-
chaser of Shares of Tickets, amounting to Five
\Pounds and upwards, will be allowed aDiscount,
at 3. WAlwans Fortunate Office, 16,
where Capital Prizes to a large amount have been'
recently sold in Shares.=—Second Diiy of Drawing.
an Tuesday next, when another Prize of
.suti
Tidkets' will be given to the first drawn above a 1.51,
beside Which the Wheel COntains the whole .of the
Capital' .Prizes, 4' of 2-0,0001. 2 of 10,0061. 2 of
4;001/1, eitc.: and only throfii.Days. to. draw,.

• DODDS V. UPSTONE.
This was an appeal to 'set aside the decree' of his
Hotionr, the,Master of the Rolls, in this cause.
The circutintances of the case were, that Mrs.
Dodds, the Plaintiff, oh her Marriage to her bus-
- band, had a deed of settlement executed, settling.
:on ber,the residtie of the interest of certain lease-
hold property, after the death of her husband. The
Defendant wa§ the trus.tee in the deed of settle-
ment. Dodds, the husband of. the Plaintiff, used
her ex remely ill, spent her fortune, and ultimately,
in the • year 1801, turned her out of doors. He
went to the Defendant, and prevailed upon hint to,
olve p the deed of settlement, and sold the lease-
._
•hold property ; and on his being afterwards asked
-what he had done with the settlement-? he answer-
he had boiled it, and made soup of it. The
Piaintiff afterward.; sued him in Doctors'-commons,
for his NrSonal ill usage;of her, and she was allowed
alimony ; to avoid the payment of which he had a
commission (ff bankruptcy issued against him. In
-the year ;806, the. Plaintiff filed her bill against the
•IYelendant for his breach of trust in giving up the
deed of settlement, and-his Holm& the Master of the
}toils decreed, that the Master should calculate what
W 3.4 the amount of the interest diat-the Plaintiffhad
its th_ leaseho:d
*property, and that the Defendant
s‘‘ou!..l Pav the amount, for his' neglect in not per-
forming the trust.
Mr. 11.. RT, Counsel for the Defendant, supported
the appeal, on the ground, that his Honour had given
gi.,.aler relief than she asked for. It only pmyed,
" That the trustee might be obliged to_ 1.1,;.2. doe
dilince., in gaining
.the possession for the Defen-
d,int." It did not cOntetnpla:p that the ' trustee

Richard Wilson, Sir Richard Phillips, and John
Ucklebridge; his clerk, deposed to their hating been
with 114 r. Gillett on the evening of, or the Morning
after the fire that they had then seen the meino- -
randurn
_book, and that there was no mention made
in it of an insurance • of goods on trust. Mr. Day,
.Secretary to the Imperial Fire Office, was present .at
the first reading of the items, but had not attended.
,to he recollected nothing of goods on, trust. Ho
did pot consider his Office at that time as liable to
pay any money. to Gillett, but advised him if he made'
an application to their generosity to confine himself
.to-his individual property.
- Willh m Mitchel, who superintended the De-.

• :The information in this case was brought by Mr.
Hague against Mr. \Voodtall, not upon filiedged
grOundS' Of any thing of a treasonable, seditiOns•,, or.
immoral tendencY in the matter printed. (which was:
a sort of enigmatical prospe..-Atis.., to a periodical
pamphlet, proposed-to be published, .reipe6tirig the
author of certain anonymous letters which' have
lately appeared in print;under the signature of " An,
Englishman," refleding on the state of the British
arniy), but Merely under au allegation that•
\Voudfall had punted theTrospeaus, and had not"
affixed his name thereto, as by law required.
After hearing Mr. WIGtEr, on the part of the
informer, and GURNEY, on that of Mr. Wood=

LUNDON: Printed ky RIC:IARD ii‘Ritis, of No, 4, Muth:a-court, Bow-street; and puloli.shedbY WiittA!..l ARmios.R. ScitsrPs, South Moiton strelq, f;rosvp.,,ir-,sFplatte
' the Suii-Ot:-.t!cri.. No. Strand; where ddrep tisements, Orders tor the Paver iftterF for the Editor, 84c, (Post-Iglid/L aLressed..
