IMPERIALPALIAMENT

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, APRIL 26.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the chair at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
Certain papers were brought up from the office of the Pay-
master of the Forces.

STEAM-PACKET BILLS.
Mr. E. TENNANT presented a petition from Belfast against
the St. George's Seam-packet Bill.
Sir M. S. STEWART presented two petitions of a similar
nature against the St. George's Steam-packet and the Dublin
Steam-packet Bills.
Mr. P. THOMSON said the attention of the Board of Trade
had been already drawn to these Bills. The one was intended
to increase the capital of a company already in existence, and
the other to create a capital for a new company. There were,
however, several objectionable clauses in the Bills, which it
would be more convenient to have altered or expunged in the
Committee, than to have them at that time discussed in the
House. He hoped the Hon. Member for Liverpool, who in.
troduced one of these Bills, would obtain the withdrawal of
these clauses by the Committee, otherwise it would become his
(Mr. Thomson's) duty to oppose the passing of these Bills.
Mr. O'DWYER expressed a similar hope.
The petitions were then referred to Committee.
Sir GREY SKIPWITH moved the third reading of the
Upton and Rashleigh Road Bill.—Bill read a third time and
passed.
Lord HENNIKER brought up the report of the Committee
on the Wangford Poor Bill.
Captain DUNDAS brought up the report of the Committee
on the Greenwich Railway Bill. The Hon. Member also pre-
sented a petition from the Company of Proprietors of the Ken-
nett and Avon Canal, against the Black Dock Road Bill.
Mr. DUGDALE moved the third reading of the Rugby
Road Bill.—Read a third time, and passed.
General PALMER presented a petition from Bath, in favour
of the Black Dock Road Bill.
SirC.
StratfordPH I LLaInPdS
Moreton broughtßuapi
ltwhaeyßßeipl Report of the Committee
on the
Mr. PALMER brought up the Report of the Committee on
the Whitchurch Road Bill. On the motion of th 3 Hon. Mem-
ber, the Tyfield Road Bill was read a third time, and passed.
On the motion of Mr. JERVIS, the Chester, Newton, and
Woodside Road Bill was read a third time, and passed.

On the motion of Mr. DIVETT, the Taunton Market
Improvement Bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BA RNAItD presented a petition signed by 1,600 inha.
bitants of Greenwich, praying for the better observance of the
Sabbath. Also from New Cross, in the hamlet of Hatchet, to
the same effect. The Hon. Member also presented a petition
from a Dissenting Congregation at Deptford against Negro
Slavery.
Sir R. LOPEZ presented two petitions from the Borough of
Westbay, one for the better observance of the Sabbath, and
the other against Negro Slavery.
Mr. G. EVANS presented a petition from Dublin against
the probate duty.
Mr. HERBERT CURTIES presented a petition from
Norvey, in East Sussex, complaining of the conduct of M.
Lord, the present rector of the parish, collecting tithes con-
trary to the will of the late owner. The Hon. Member also
presented petitions from Crawley, Ardryle, and Cutliffe,
praying for the repeal of the assessed taxes, and from East
Grimstead, and from several other places, against slavery.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL made a few observations.
Mr. THICKNESSE presented a petition from the parish of
Kindley, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. LANGDALE presented a petition from Beverly to the
same effect.
Mr. DIVETT presented a petition to the same effect,
signed by upwards of 6,000 of the ladies of Exeter. Also pe-
titions from Sidmouth, Seaton, Exmouth, Topsham, and
several other places.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from the Chamber
of Commerce of Forfarshire, and the merchants, shipowners,
and tradesmen of Dundee, praying that the trade to Brazil
might be opened, also a petition from the same parties against
the East India monopoly, and two from insurance offices in
Dundee, praying for a reduction of the duty on insurances.
Mr. HOSKINS presented petitions in favour of the abolition
of slavery, from Rockingham, Ross, Ledbury, Ryford, Peter
Church, Hereford, and other places in the same county.
Mr. TYRREL presented a petition from the landowners and
inhabitants of the county of Sufiblk, for a reduction of the
taxds which press on the industrious classes, particularly the
malt and window duties.
Lord lIENNEKER supported the petition for the abolition
of the tax on malt.
Sir G. GREY presented a petition from Kingsand and Caw-
sand, in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, for the abolition
of negro slavery.
Mr. MILDMAY presented petitions from Winchester,
Lochin, and three other places, for the better observance of
the Sabbath Day.
Mr. MA RSLAND presented a petition from the Magistrates
and others of the town of Stockport, in favour of a better ob.
servance of the Sabbath. Also petitions from the Methodists
of Stockport, Bullock Smithy, and other places, for the Aboli-
tion of Slavery.
Mr. N. FITZSIMON presented a petition from Samuel Ro.
binson, Clara, in the King's County, praying for an alteration
of the Grand Jury system. Also a petition from Kilbride and
Tullamore, King's County, for the extinction of tithes. Also
a petition from the King's County, in favour of triennial Parlia-
ments. He also presented a petition from the operative w ea.
vers of the town of Clara, King's County, complaining of dis-
tress, and praying for some legislative relief.
Mr. BROTHERTON presented a petition from a place near
Manchester, relative to parochial registration.
Mr. LENNARD presented a petition from Booking, pray-
ing that the House would confer a charter on the London Uni-
versity, allowing them to grant academical degrees in medi-
cine, the arts, and law.
Mr. HODGES presented petitions for the abolition of
slavery, from Newcastle, Walkham, Long Benton, Newark,
and many other places. The Hon. Member then presented
petitions, for the better observance of the Sabbath day, from
Newcastle and other places. He next presented a petition from
Newcastle, for the repeal of the receipt stamp duties.
Mr. BOLTON CLIVE presented a petition for the better
observance of the Sabbath, from Hereford, and petitions for the
abolition of slavery, from Hereford and other places.
Mr. TENNYSON presented a petition from the master
butchers of Southwark, and other parts of the metropolis,
against the better observance of the Sabbath Bill; and pre-
sented also a petition for the abolition of slavery.
Lord MORPETH *presented 140 petitions, praying for the
immediate abolition of negro slavery
Lord MORPETH presented petitions from Dewsbury and
other places, for the better observance of the Sabbath.
After the presentation of several other petitions of no
general interest, the Speaker left the chair.
