• .
.
• .....
' $„. REFORM ALERTING S . •ii,iait, eruel, and remorseless men-men who closed the', by the people of England in bringing to a euccetedul issue sn. laving assisted at meetings similar to the present, and counsels, villa would have frustrated your Majesty'sjust designs -
~i• the welfare of your subjects, and sacrificed to the raainte. THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.
Cars and would not hear-shut their eyes and would n t A cause in which the liberty, happiness, and prosperity of
tet ?lance of their own unconstitutional tyranny the peace and
_______,..,_________ dpnn the same spot. The manner in which he conducted
-...0.---0„,
Foßrs.r,
v.i
st,e-hardened their hearts, and would not feel for the ut the country were involved.-(Cheers.) He paid a high .hat journal entitled him to the support of every Reformer, prosperity and lityrties of the people of these realms. ,iEN VIAL AVERAGE PRICE OF BlinelaTnl3fl CilltN34,.
GREAT MEETING S IN BIRMINGHAM and
tering' of the people, until the judgment of an offended na. compliment on the great exertions of their excellent and ,„,i therefore he should propose three cheers for him We desire still farther respectfully to assure ,r the Week ended May 11. IfT2, made up frees the 'lett:int!
• -40,i. l, THE MIDLAND DISTRICTS. tion had fallen upon their liesds.-(Cheeri.) When noble chairman, in support of the great interests of the ' our increased confidence in and attachment toy,otuhrostiakeistthyrooft F.
of the Inspectors Its tbe 'liniment Clem; and 'fowns in England
enctaW 1 _________„*„._.____
wh3icihr. advisers of your Majesty, under whose wise Administration the and Wale', per Imperial Quarter.
f •-t.t;---, YES TERDAY-BY EXPRESS. called to congratulate you upon the glorious victory we -ountry, and to whom the King, if lie were not absolutely wLeereW all
S. vseani d. he had been asked if he had ever ex.
jrcii4ht,
es. ort,
ijf
oi.yEnUeer i
iinit,aj eebS tr,
e: ;ills
pesfiurrnrbsjueitinnadnetdratt.hiseteondutirigyil%illitpyheoeidsft
.your Ma. 'X heat........... 625. ld.l Oats - :tbs. s,llBeans.---- 345. 1 1d.,1
have achieved, I cannot hitt express the great delight I feel incapable, should offer his hand, and thank him for hay-
Yesterday morning a carriage and four arrived in Bir-
oected to live to see this day, and he had answered, Yes, he
aj y's restore. '':.Tel'ltliti AL AUG R IiGeI.4ITERA7B RAGES 03.1F41.11t1S I XPVIeI;Te ITS PRISC4;BI.N7faI..
r Miogbam, with copiee of The Stan, centaining the discussion in Birmingham having b-•en mainly instrumental in the ing eff-cted what he had done, without a civil war. Ile did. He always felt assured that they should in the end tion of theseadvisers to your Majesty's c;unsels, slid the s ly '•Vheat OIL Od.l Oats ......-- 21s. 3d./ Beails Ms. eit.
on the preceding evening in both Houses of Parliament, accomplishment of this glorious consummation. I con scrupled not to say that it •was to him and to the peaceable lie victorious, and that the tyranny which so long oppressed tiu,assing into a law, entire and unntutilatd, of that mexture of !tarley-..345. 5,1.1 Rye --.- 333. ed 1 Pea5e........... 345. Id.
upon the subject of the communication made by the King eratulate sou from my heart for the unparalleled prompti. demeanour of the people, the King was indebted for the •his country would be finally destroyed.--(Cheers.) It f iejuosrernoniacrhliahrnasetnwt i cweilfec-p .reoiveeedetfice
tsuaanictt
oi otnhoefr telni eewCao m _ n
to Earl Grey, which was supposed to lead. ae a matter of tude, courage, and strictly legal courage which you have at iiresetvatton of the Crown to himself and his posterity. rot* last' Wheat '2ss. ftdp.iji.dastes
wae indeed an atheistical, a God-denying faction, corn- confidence between the Legislature and the people, which is es_ litrley -10 a. RM., Rye -19 s. 9:-Lt Pesse...- lts-t thi
course, to the recall of that Nobleman and his colleagues to .11 times exhibited.-(Cheers.) Surrounded by tempts. -(Loud cheers.) The Lords were also indebted to posed of men who acknowledged no laws but of their own sential to Ihe prosperity and welfare of all classes of your Ma-
jesty's subjects. HA Y !Vi A RKETS.-( At per I...ems ei 3. Trt•ssts.,
his Majesty's counciln. The news arrived in Birmingham tions of a hundred kinds, the powers of hell had not beer, the people for the a3fety of their lives, the preservation making.-(Cheers.) He had said hut yesterday, in as And we, your Majesty's loyal subjects, as in duty hound, will CUMBERLAND (LATE ST. JAMES'S.)
at six o'clock in the morning, and was immediately com. ible to prevail, oe succeed in diverting you from the strie, of their estates, and the continuance of their order_
a4dress to the people of Staffordshire, thit the ever pray. Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 lo to £2 Li
Signed on behalf of the Meeting, sirew Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
municated to the assembled crowd, who received it with Oath of justice or of latv.-(Loud cheers.) Hence has re- (Cheers)-and he was disposed to premonish their Lord.
Lerd should deliver them into their hands. The Lord
THOS. LEST ER, Chairman. 'lseftil Old Ditto 3 9 3 IS
loud cheers, and who speedily communicated it through. stilted the glormus-the triumphant vietory-which we -;,ips, that they had already offered such indignities to the
hid done so, and blessed be the name of the Lord ! The following Was also the addreae voted to Earl len, upiand Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 4 0 4 1.5
out the whole of the town and the eurrounding districts. have now obtained.-(Cheers.) If, unfortunately, we ‘ation, that it might, by and by, feel a great indisposition The last time he addressed an assembly like the present Grey ; lover lla: 4lO 6 0
Oat Straw ......£1 12 to .£1 14 j Wheat atraw 1 ls Q 0
Tim gratifying intelligence bad the effect of completejy had broken the law, our strength would have lyen *,) suffer them any loneer.-(Cheers.) The people of eae on the eve of the passing of the Six Acts. In those TO THE RIGHT HONOURABLE EARL GREY.
~..I.ly
.Loitio,-7-We, the inhabitants of Dudley and its neighbour. A moderate supply, and a dull trade; prices stationary.
changing the countenances of many thousands of the withered. Victory might, must have been ulti_ ';irniintgitam had saved the nation from all the risks of a dreadful times no man who did his duty to his country wa-
I d, in public meeting assembled, aftiejeglyhtiB3ur2s: ndtcree, tttet SMUHFIELD.
.43 arse heavy Lowland Meadow Hey
inhabitants, and, instead of exhibiting symptoms of mately obtaiiaed-the people might have crushed 'iloody revolution. Before he beard of the great news
secure from Personal oppression. He was shortly after the number of 4,000 persons, on the .C 2 15 to .IE3 0
sorrow and dismay, they assembled in numerous groups their enemies, but in the contest many of theit which had been brought to Birmingham that dsy, he was consigned to a dungeon for two years, where he never saw express to your Lordship our high admiration of your Lordship's :
(nitiaLtliy,Lottilitnxid
our 'Z'f„TZTitHtoa.' 0 0 0 0
........ . ............ ............, 3 0 3 15
in various parts of the town, cheerfully congratulating friends might have likewise been crushed. Hap waited upon by two gentlemen, who told him that up- i
nt(17,,E7.1-VitTe
aedehfcw.rehiiiecr., tztuhia:zi,trieuti; nne Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 315 415
lovc:r Hay (etrft fine)....£6 o...Getter.dly
each other upon the probability of realizing their long pily they had adopted a more peaceful and a more sue. wards of 15,000 men were ready to come armed from the face of a single man, with one exception only, that he
had ever seen before. On the occasion he alluded to he honourable colleagues undertook the arduous situation of resPon- 'at Straw ... 1.1 14 to £1 16-Whe,.t Straw ll6 118
and anxious hopes by the passing of the Reform Bill, and cessful course. BY patience, by courage, by fortitu,:e, t.,eir districts for the purpose of enforcing their rights,
had asked, in the indignant language of Mrs. Berbanld, sible advisers to his Majesty.
Sapply short, trade dull, awl prices stationary.
We desire respectfully to assure your Lordship, that we coll-
et the same time giving vent to their indignation at the and by a strict regard to the law. they had gathered up a and such he believed to be generally the case through the ii Is this the far.famed spot of earth, templated the removal of your Lordship and your honourable COI. ..-..-............1111110.............m
political apostecy of the Duke of Wellington, Lord Istrnd. strength which had proved omnipotent ; their enemies- whole nition. If the House of Lords did its duty, he felt That gave immortal Milton birth ? leagues from that situation witn feeling of the greatest appre- LONDON In A RKETS.
Is this the land where Hampden bled, !tension and dismay, while we most cordially congratulate your (From the London New Price Curreot of yesterday.)
huret, and others of the sarne clique. When the intelli- the enemies of the country-the enemies of frsedom convinced the people would not split abnut trifles, but if
Where Hampden's tyrant lost his head? Lordship and your honourable colleagues on your resumption of SUGA R.-There was a steady demand for West India Sugai
gence was received of the resignation of Ministers, sorrow throughout the world-were di.comfited, and the glorious any war was waged, he was sure that King, Lords, and Is this the isolated ground, office as the responsible advisers of the Crown. We would ear_ list week ; the estimated purchases were 3,600 lihds. and trs. ,
was depicted on every countenance, the bells of the va- reuse of liberty had proved triumphantly victorious.- Commons, inti,t all succumb, or the British lion would For men of fearless souls renov.'n'd ? neatly implore you to counsel his Majesty instantly to disistiss the prices were without variation. The demat.d far West India
(Loud cheers.) I have only one other word to add. You he roused, ana when he was rousc d, he would presently For men who, felt as men should feel, from all places of power and trust those who have shown them. Nluscovad -.-s has again been steady all ally ; the estimated sales
rious churches were tolled, and other symptoms of mourn-
And nobly grasp'd the avenging steel ? serves hostile to the welfare and interests of the people, in order are 1,000 }aids. and trs., and the prices are fully supported. The
ing and sorrow were exhibited. But on the present oc- all know that that Illustrious Nobleman Lord Grey has deetroy the whole faction, however powerful they might For men who, arm'd in nature's cause,
or . to avert the risk of any recurrence of that awful crisis from which stock of West India Sugars is now 11,070 hlnis. and trs., whtch
caaion every face bore a cheering aspect-universal jov been carlied hack-as I said he should be carried back_ be, or however strong._(Loud cheers.) The Hon. Bared the led arm of war and sPurn'd the oppress ' laws?" we have.jUst been delivered; and to pass. immediately, and ssii h. is 1,668 more than last year. The st,ok. ot ili!allriti Ile 74,at4 bags,
out mutilation, the Bill of Reform which has already twice re- being '21,0Z2 more than last ye,,r. loe delivery of we,st India
and satisfaction pervaded the whole town-busi- on the shoulders of the people into his Majesty's Councils. Gentleman concluded by moving the next resolution. lie could now answer, Yee-
ceived the unequivocal sanction of the flouse of commons. sugars last week 2,363 libels. and trs , bein 105 le,s then last
" This is the land where Hampden bled,
nese was almost immediately agreed to be suspended, -(Loud cheers. ) By your unparalleled patience, and Mr. Joseex PARKES seconded the resolution. He hoped
Wbere Hampden's tyrant lost his head." Signed on behalf of the Sleeting, year. The delivery of Mauritius i 0,403 hags. being 2,7z6 more
is your virtue, I have been enabled to fulfil my promise. I that under the fatigue and excitement of the laet fortnight THOMAS LESTER, Chairntan. than the corresponding week of 18.11. In tne Refined Market
for the day,-the bells of St. Philip's and St. Martin
(Loud cheers.) We are ourselves ag iin.-(Cheers.) He :s.s week there was little change ; the demand was very limited
churches, and of Deretend chapel, were instantly set have reason to know that the great and good man now a he should bt excused the labour of addressing them at any
now begged to propose a vote of thanks to the Lord RECEPTION of Mr. ATTWOOD in COVENTRY.
ifoorgothrey.horinleocroonhsuacinbpoetionnv,,Tyidliftotlreeixopsoirntetshseiroeietv!irsinliedtfeeto-odrayn o;
a ringing, and continued to do so, with short interrup- second time appointed to wield tbe destinies of this mighty length; but he could not refrain from expreesing his deep Mayor and Common Council of London, and he did SO At half-past six o'clock last evening, a deputation, eon.. hut the prices are mainteined, on account of the small stock ;
nation, understande our intereets, and the interests of the pers'inal nb'
tions, during the whole day. The royal standard was igations to those ardent and invincible friends
with the greater pleasure, as the conduct of the Lord sisting of Mr. Attwoed, Mr. Scholefield, Mr. Hadley, and tew Lumps offer under cs.s. , Molasses -255. a 255. Cal.
hoisted on the dome of St. Philip's church, and various country ; and I have litile doutit hut a short period will of the common cause, who had now, after a great moral
II ivor hail been beyond all praise, and he verily believed ~.,- , ,
ir . , EAST INDIA SUGAHS.-The quantity of.Manilla Sugar
Mr. reraes, lert 13. mingnam, in a carriage and four, to brougrhttintno
~jubslinelsdileck,stilssy-seendlat•nasgaote,,d,ugtfielyt.,ol.t23,l b.aaes2,s,thi,etghreeraet
. other churches, and public and private houses exhibit, d elapse before the country will enjoy a greater degree struggle of two years, nearly achieved their country's,
banners. of prosperity than ever wee recollected by the oldest man rights. This great national struggle stoed unexamplea that it had saved the metropolis from riot and bloodehed.
-(Lnud cheers.) The boroughmongers of all things visit London, upon business connected with tbe Union, prop° • 3
was a considerable demand by speeulators. Aiweit 8,000 ags -1
Mr. Josorx Panxos, one of the members of the Poli- now living among us.-(Loud (Memo.) I therefore call in the history of nation,. It afforded the most signal
wi hed for a riot and tumult in Lension, and had a Tory pursuant to a resolution of the Meeting. It seemed that Mauritius were sold after our publicatkrn of Tueed -y last. 'The
Market, after a regular decline for two or thrye weeks, made a
tical Union, who arrived from London at the same moment upon )ou to observe the same courage, combined with pro. example of what a people could accomplish, who were 1 I 1 M ' tl ^t • h 11 dbt ht I • " t• hd b • tth 1f Co 1 f
peen ern\ a) or, -to rots wou t• •no on , eve wen an intime ion a een given o e peop e o ven_ry o stand, and, it any alteration could he tirsced, the pric, s mieht be
as The Sun express, immediately called on several Mem- dence, that you have hitherto done. Continue to exhibit worthy to be fr.e.-(Lowl cheers.) The resolution in
complied with. and the cause of Reform would have been their intention to pass through thet town ; and when the This day's public saie of Mauritius,
27068nsidbeargeds, waesnhtadoeffTrgits'kertY at very full prices ; 1,640 bags Siam at
bers of the Council of the Union, to communicate to them the same patience and fideli7 to the law. Let the great his hand, applauding the honest conduct of the House of materially injured and disgraeed.
careiege arrived at tbe turnpike-gate on the Birmingham late prices; Bengal rather lower.
tinFu(4lMgNdeiTanS,.,-ee'lklie; cielTiaritclii:l.,,Fecii,,rie.igly
,i, Spougbairisc czi
the joyal tidings, upon whicb:it was resolved to proceed in- Bill pass--let Lord Grey have a little time to look around Commons, that portion of it which maintained the cause
The motion was then carried as were several others.
side of Coventry, they were greeted with the enthusiastic
stantly to tbe residence of Thomas Attwond, Esq ,at him-and lam quite sure the hepes of the nation will not of Reform, reminded him forcibly of the superiority of re- Air. llamas, in a very neat speech, for which we re-
. Harborn, about three miles from Birmingham. Soon be disappointed. The prosperity and happiness of the sort to moral force in preference to civil contest : eret we have not room, moved are (elution that the people cheers of about 10,000 persons, who had congregated 31,0 ut
.6tid?ihnerrs t,y.s.ll,ltaey pel;na h.
mesh
,a.t.iiftwhaunlsite34.,.a 36:0. ;. oit,irec, lot
after their arrival thither, an order was isaued to people will be restored-not, indeed, the happiness or it further reminded him of the eminent prudence and of England should support the Irish and Scotch Reform there, with banners and bande :it music for the purpose Bra;il2.3s. a 114 s. asked.-Average price of SuLiai 1/. 6s. 87.
. hold a public meeting at twelve o'clock, on Newhall-hill, prosperity of the cloud-horn part of the community-but admirable influence of their chairman (Mr. /ittvvood) who Bilis, as the Irish and Scotch had supported tbe English of escorting him through the city. Mr. Attwood acknow- per cwt.
CoFFEE.-The Foreign and East India Coffee supported
for the purpose of adopting such measures as might be the happiness and prosperity of the industrious, the la- they would recollect, on Thursday last, with himself, de- Bill.
hedged the kindness shown to him, but begged to be rices of last week, and considerable sales were effected. The
deented necessary upon the occasion. Placer& to that borious, and kind-hearted part of the people.-(Cheers.) precated propositions of resistance and refusal of taxes till
The Crtazamaie stated, that frotn a correepondence allowed to proceed, as he had very nrgent business British Plantation descriptions went off heavily et a further ro-
effect were instantly widely disseminated, as were various That was the great boon to which laM ever looking for- the House of Commons had first demonstrated their firm_
which he had bad with Ireland and Scotland, he could state in London. The multitude, however, persisted in ;il;icatri'en, eg'sf. 27!9s Pefirncewot *rilionradris7,oey. 'aiaZahcaa7itituta 374' taog'sjPor-
others, expressive of congratulation at the return of Lord ward. Prosperity to the millions is what I want. I look ness or their failing in upholding Lord Grey in adversity.
there wag a perfect understanding between each other.- taking out the horses, and in drawine the carriage reien-Were sold, of which i large proportion WAS superior St:
Grey and his colleagues to office; one of them was in these for liberty first, and through liberty prosperity.-(Leuil That House had proved itself worthy the confidence of (Cheers.) He knew they could depend on Scotland, and through tbe city. On the road, the party in the carriage Domingo of the new crop, 60s. r. 61s. 6d., fine coloury 6:35. ; tine
words :- cheers.) I shall never be content until I see the liappines the nation, and stood between the berouglimongers and tbe ordinary blue Brasil 6,3 s , ordinary 545. a a6s. ; good ordinary
they bad also hirs O'Connell on their side, whose advice was received with the most gratifying proof of popular Havannah 6,25. 6c1., coloury to fine ordinary 645. G:. a 6Ss. 6d.;
" VICTORY! VICTORY!! VICTORY!! ! and comforts of the poor settled upon a sure basis-until I necessity of physical force. Although that Legislutive they had received.-The resolution was carried. feeling, by one of the largest assemblages that had ever good Sumatra 525. 1 535. ; middling Batavia sugary Salst a 536.,
" The voice of the nation has triumphed ; the despotic Duke
- • low middling Porto Rico 71s. This day's public sales 1,•00 bags
see all interests of society, but more especially the labourng body was partly composed of 230 deathly enemies of the
A vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, been collected in Coventry. Every window and house-
is beaten, Lord Grey is again in office; henceforth it will be the
old 1 als 6d higher fine ordinary eoloury 6"s a 15''' • 3,054
people's Ministry. Once more to the Field, dear friends, once classes, receiving that remuneration to which, both by the Bill-although tainted with a mass of corruption, yet a ma-
and he having suitably acknowledged the compliment, the top was literally covered with respectable persons, who, as ;iags Past liedia-ceelon good ordinary 545. .6cl: n 55::'.'Su' matte
more." laws of God and of nature, they are entitletd.-(Cheers.) jority sto,od by the p•eo,ple„,-a proof c2f the invalu.ab,le pro-, meeting adjourned amidst the most enthusiastic cheering. the carriage passed, waved their handkerchiefs, and testi- and Semarang 51s. a 51s. 6d. Is. higher; 152 casks 30 bags Ja-
It was determined by the inhabitants to go in procession, JOSHUA SCHOLErIELD, El- (one of tne lete deputa- perties or an amended Kepresentation.-(Loud cheers.) - - aica and Dominica at rather lower prices.
The following Resolutions and Addresses were agreed fied their approbation by the loudest plaudits. On the "'RUM, BRANDY AND HOLLANDS.-The Rum Market
attended by the Union and other bands of music, accom- tion to London) was received with the most deafening We had been the last ten days within the crater of a po-
to at the Meeting :-
panied with banners, to meet Mr. Attwood, and escort cheering. My dear friends end fellow townsmen, I never liticel volcano, the eruptions of which might have rnomen- 1. That this Meeting will hail with heartfelt gratitude the arrival of the carriege in the Market-place the procession remains iii a very depressed state. The fey,. purchases reported
halted, and, silence. baying been with somte difficulty ob- varaanal...foriosnhipp,ing, at low pric,es. 1n... Br.andy or
,G,eneva there is no
him to Newhall-hill. so much lamented my inability to express my feelings or tarily covered with devastation all that was valuable in complete emancipation of his Majesty from the snares and wicked
mined, Mr. Attwood addressed the immense multitude in MP, I, LAX, AND 1 ALL ""A.-Thc 1 allow Market has
A new Union Medal had been ordered to be struck for sentiments as Ido at the present moment. My heart over- this great cnuntry, in the common ruin of corruption. de.vices of base, e,il-minded, and desperate counsellors.
2. That this Meeting records with deep felt gratitude the ob- a speech of considerable length, which we regret we be,msttady in price, with rather rno.e firrnnees; 361 casks Odessa
the Members, and was supplied to them:upon this occasion : flows with love to you and my fellow-countrymen ; and But the sterling character of the people, the better ligation due to the great majority of the present t. House of have not room to pnblish. He spoke of the benefies 'e now at public sale sold at 425. tlcl. and 425. 9d. In Flax there
the former medal had been in numerous instances defaced with gratitude to the Almighty for interposing at this parts of the Meuse of Commons, had saved them Commons" for its prompt and efficient support of the measure of i'sano alteration. Hemp is a shade lower,
by erasing the crown from it after the news was received momentous crisis. We have most righteously thanked from the dreaded calamity.-(Cheers.) They had Reform and the Administration of Lord Grey. to he derived by the labourieg classes from joining Political
3. 'That this meeting is deeply impressed with the liveliest Unions, whose object was solely to obtain by all legal IRISH PROVISIONS.-The import of Foreign Butter in the
last weekrwas 1,242 casks, of Irish 23,l firks., anci of B,con 2,81•2
of the resignation of Ministers through the supposed indis- re a , .1: At;
mum uor sous eeeverance, but we ought at the same tinue now a bright prospect before them ; this approachine con- gratitude to those upright and illustrious Members of the bales. We cannot quote the finest Forelgn Butter at the quay
and constitutional meane those rights which had been so ever 945. but for Irish there has been rather more inquiry
position of the King to create Peers. The description of to remember, that not only are thanks due to our patriotic summation of their liberties and rights, involved the inte- Aristocracy, who, shrinking from no sacrifice, have so nobly and
~ , par..
the new medal is as follows:- Chairman, as one of the instruments in the hands of Pro- rests not only of Europe, but of the w hole world, of the Loatriotically supported the great Bill of Reform in the House of long withheld from them by a boroughinongering faction, ticularly for col k and Limerick, which have been selling for 80s.
ords. He warmly advocated the measure of Reform, which he a t2s according to the assortments. Bacon does not improve in
OBVERSE. vidence for working out the country's salvation, but to heroic Pole, of every nation strugglinglwith deepotism and 4. That the following memorial from the inhabitants of the price; though the stock is small, compared with what it was last
Under the Purity of the Constitution, the British Lion roused
town of Birmingham in Town's Meeting assembled be presented felt confident would ere long produce a more happy and ye a ; singed Waterford may be quoted eos. a :•`2.s. and Limerick
front repose; and a striking likeness of the Founder of Political ourselves-the people of Birtninghen and the people of slavery.-(Loud cheers.) They had indeed a right to be to Earl Grey, and that the same be signed in the nahle and on be- prosperous state of society among the labouring dames than ms. a 50s. landed ; 50s on board is generally demanded for the
Unions, the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom England, who have won the victory.-(Cheers.) It will proud, and he had the satisfaction to tell them that the half of the Meeting by the Chairtnan.
had been known by the oldest man living ; and he im- former, and 4Ss. a 495. for the latter, but very few safes effecting.
REVERSE. be our duty now to show that we are deserving of the labours of Birmingham especially were duly appreciated in 5. That the Chairman forthwith
.authorize a deputation from Bale Middles 455. a 475. and Tierce Middles 445. a 50s. landed•
A.Dove, the emblem of Peace,resting on an united Bundle of this Meeting to present the memonal to Lord Grey, aud to re. plotted them still to pursue the same course in a firm, but Bladder Lard 60s. a 66s ;.and. trash par.e.s, as to size and quality,
Reeds, the emblem of Strength and Unity, and secured by Pru- triumph we have achieved, by pursuing our cha all parts of the country. It was not a moment for exul- present this Meeting in London. peaceable and legal manner. (The address of the Hon., ;23.rCti Ira rork.
• "
denee and Wisdom, represented by the Serpent. racterietic, peaceful conduct ; but at the same time, if ever tition or confidence, but he trusted that the Ministry had 6. That this Meeting returns its most sincere thanks to the Lord ra ,
0., ntlemen was frequently interrupted by volleys of cheers. 1 steady in pnce, but no
MOTTO-UNITY, LIBERTY, PROSPERITY. our enemies dared to attempt their past practices, the full power of accomplishing the great national measure ; lwarr and Common Council of the city of London for the great
patriotism d put l' ir
In the course of the afternoon a vast number of persons it will be equally the duty of the people to show their and if they now bad that power they could never shrink p‘resent meamnorahlesitcrusgglei for the liberties of
p t which they have dis ilayed in the The other members of the deputation having also ad_ 56:2.11re4):07B6e'vost;bctIc 1%7
oree.P7i-r'irl'tietitintYgie:ta(t';'ell'igne snales of any extent reported.
the ico'untry. dressed the assembly, time procession moved on, and horses ES.-Ashes are steady and rather firm, owing to a
paA.eSltithat was advertised for' public sale being withdrawn for
. enrolled themselves as members of the Union, many of them teeth.-(Cheers.) Happily the country has succeeded in from securing the whole Bill.-(Cheers.) He again returned 7. That this Meeting returns its most sincere gratitude to the . • .
relying peen procured, the party proceeded instantly for therepresent.
. individuals of the greatest respectability in the town. obtaining the good Lord Grey as the future Minister of them his sincere thanks ;he publicly paid a grateful tri- Livery of the city of Londou, to the citizens of Westminster,
OILS -Oils are all a shade lower ; at a public sale last week,
At ten o'clock great numbers of persons wearing the Union and to all those political bodies who have made common cause London.
the country, and I most sincerely pray that power may bute to Thomas Attwood 'their long tried leader, and to with the people of Birmingham and expressed their approbation
t .
8. That this M WARWICK REFORM 31EETING. Sperm Oil of first quality sold at 60/. a 60/. 10s., and for South
At about six o'clock this morning, May 16, the news Sea Oil at '251. a 261. ;in Seed Oile but little doing, and prices
badge and laurel were to be seen proceeding front all direc- never again be given to the bloody Duke of Wellintrton those gentlemen in the Council of the Political Union, of the exertions o irmin ham Political Union
f the B . g • .. . . .
ting will never relax their vigilant and ener- rather lower.
tions towards the residence of Mr. Attwood. The town and thOse base men who for years have joined hin-f in and to others who had devoted so much personal aid, getic exertions ineethe common cause until the liberty and pro- SI LK. -There is nothing at all doing ; trade is quite at a stand.
..appeared in fact literally to empty itself of its male and the was received in this town, by The Sun express from Co- RI CE.-This day's sales 1,674 bags ordinary Rice, chiefly seal
trampling not only upon the rielos of the people of Eng- anxiety, and respons•ibility to the great political struegle, sperity of the great mass of the people shall have been restored.
l 4s. tid.
greater part of its female population, who completely lined 9. That grateful for the enerous ardent and invaluable co centry, that the Duke of Wellington bad failed in his
land:but-the rigitts 'and liberties of all Eiiro.pe.-(Loud and trusted that he should be excused thus briefly second- operation of the people of Sgcotland ;rid Irelan'd in support of the. . SALTPETRE-The prices are again lower; very pod quality
tbe mid from the Council rooms, in Great Charles-street, to cheers.) Mr. S. concluded by moving the first resolution. ing the reselution.-(Loud cheering.) English Bill of Reform, this aleeting pledges itself to use every object of forming a new Administration. and that Lord -Th. a 285.
- SPICES.--Pepper was Lid. higher last week • Pimento lower
the residence of Mr. Attwood. An immense procession G. F. !three; Esq. on riling to second the resolution Mr. D. B. Arrwoon felt greatly gratified at the possible legal exertion in aid ef the passing of the Bills for the Grey and the members of the former Minietry were re- very good quality fel. a 6,,e' el. This day's sale 2,900 bags Pepper'
was formed of the different Unions from the surrounding was received with loud cheers. He could not but express' news they had that day received. After the vote which amendment of the Representation of Scotland and Ireland.
sold rather higher, 3ead. a 3ead. ; Pimento s}ed. a 6d. .
10. That the ardent thanks of this Meeting be given to Thomas called to his Majesty's Councils. Immediately the friends
districts, all of whom carried their banners, attended by eis
TEA.-Boheas and Congous continue at our last quotations ;
great satisfaction at meeting his fellow-countrymen on had been agreed to by the House of Commons, be thought Attwood, Esq. the founder of Political Unions, the uniform and „
• bands of music. Among the banners were those that occasion. They had had upon that ground three the meeting would not do its duty if it did not thank that zealous advocate oe the rights and liberties of Englishmen, and or ileform were on the alert, the important intelligence the transactions in the Market are not increased this week.
for his unflinching devotion to the cause of the people. -....-.........-
beariog the following inscription :-" Attwood for ever, fights on three days; and each and all of these contests honourable portion of the legislature in which were was quickly circulated, and about twelve o'clock, accord- COAL MARKET.-May 18.
. the people's friend, and founder of the Union." sr Attwood had terminated without blood.-(Cheers.) Why was this? comprised names that were glorious in the page of history. TO THE RIGHT HONOURABLE EARL GREY.
THE MEMORIAL OF 'I'HE INHABITANTS OF THE ing to the short previous notice that could be given, a nu- Pia Ton. Per Ten;
. for. ever ; Earl Grey and his colleagues, the firm and How was it that these conflicts haul been conducted with They had shrunk from no sacrifice, but had at once deter- TOWN OF BIRMINGHA al, ASSEMBLED ON A Adair's .............................. !Ss. ed. Wells Fnd Hotspur 185 tel
merous meeting of the inhabitants of the town was held in Berumont. l7 0 Dit*to Pe' rkins-and c 0... 19 3 '
SUDDEN AND SPONTA NEOUS MEETING OF THE
• unshaken friends of the people." " Union is the safe- the weapons of peace and order ? Because the people, hay. minsd, notwithttanding the factious opposition to WHOLE POPULATION AT NEWHALL HILL, THIS I,'2asn:hPaolrncyMain .......--. 17 0 Bells Primrose --- 16 6
guard of the people." " Taxation without representation ing confidence in their leaders, had sedulously and atten- them, to achieve their country's liberty. When he saw, not- 16th DAY OF MAY, 1832. the market-place. CHARLES LAMBE, Esq., tool: the Chair' E - an 0
is tyranny." " The Union; until England is regenerated, tively adhered to the advise and reatoning whiclt they withstanding the Duke of Wellingtou's speeches and protest SHOWETII-That mina memorialists are impressed with the and opened the business, which was to consider the pro- Siolywell -...- .19 6 Wall, End St:, ,sa, tt,
.., .23 3
Kenton West ......---... 18 0 ' Walls End Butter Knoll 20 6
Scotland renovated, and Ireland redressed." "Earl Grey, profound and s'ncere.gratification at the happy restoration
haul offered.-(Lowl cheering.) If they had not main- against Reform, and the people's anxious wish for it, and Trs7.tour Lordship to your well desersed station at the head of has priety of an address of thanks to the King, for having re- Killingworth li 3 Walla Eral Gurdon 20 6
the just rights of an order secured, we will stand together." tained peace they would never have stood in the glorious aso that the Bill had been twice sanctioned by the House Majesty's Government. . . called to his Councils that Administration which had so Crlartin'4,lll4edhugh ................. 16 6 Walla End Tees ...--,.7 '22 3
" Atwood, Union, Liberty, and Peace." " Once more to situation they did that day.-(Cheers.) They had driven of Commons-when he paw the Duke of Wellington was That your memorialists are thus relieved from a load of anxiety
and responsibility, being perfectly convinced that, but for this long possessed and deserved the confidence of the nation. Thew,. .18 6 Ceprpen ------- 17 0
18 3 Walls End Elgin-a-a. IS 0
. the breach, dear friends, once more." There were also the man and the faction with which he was connected mad enough to take office, he was of opinion that the happy event, the people of this country would have been corn- The Rev. W. FIELD then came forward and addressed walls Lnd Bell Ilr: Co. .... 19 6 Graigola ------..... el 6
banners heading the Unions from Stourbridge and Kidder. from office-men who cared for nobody but themselves ; Duke would attempt to bold office by illegal means, and pelted te have recourse to measures which the conduct of their the meeting. He said that he was eo overpowered by Ditto Bewickc and Co. 20 6 New Flockton, Milne,
minster ; Walsall and West Bromwich ; Stratford, S ude- fathers justifies, but whieh must necessarily have been fraught - Walls land Callerton 17 6 and Co. 17 6
high beating emotions, that be hardly knew how to appear Ditto Clarke and Co. a. 18 0 Silkstone Field and Co. 18 0
and who would have trodden to death the liberties of them he was certain if that were the case, he would meet the fate with tremendous calamities.
ley, and rtedditch; Wolverbanapton, Willenhall, and and their children. Nothing could possibly equal the he deserved.-(Cheers.) Be he also felt the awful re- That your memorialists, impressed with a sense of the fright- before them, or to give utterance to the few words tvhich Walls End Heaton...-. 20 t) Solah lietton Seam-- 16 6
Sedgley ; Wednesbury and Darlaston; Worcester and victory the had obtained, for no one could estimate the sponsibility which would rest on the people, and he fore- friuulednarnegoefrsawn•hi2
othuse coentry has. escaped, arising from the in- he wished to say on this great important occasion. They Ditto Hazlerigg.....-a..... 17 0 Scremerston Engine-- 17 U
Brornsgrove; Dudley and Bilston; Oldbury and Brierly 0e le i and tyrannical faction, undermining the , , „ , „ . ~ . . Ditto Killinges-orth 19 6 G nwieh Hospital 17 0
le umg olblood which bad been spared. Families, ill SaIV the sacrifices that the people would have to make, Throne, and pervading and degrading the most responsible situ. nut all ;near(' tne joytul intelligenee that rnorning re- Ditto Newbiggen ---.... 17 0 rantleld Trader-a-a...a. 18 6
Hill ; Lye \\rude and Rowley ; Coventry and War- all robebility, would have been divided-brother would The news, however, which had that day reached them ations of the country, do most. earnestly and respectfully entreat ceived. They had all hesrd that our honest and well- Ditto Northumaerlane 18 e
wick ; Leamington and Kennilworth ; Tipton and havPe been Opposed to brother, and father against sou. had totally dispelled all such apprehensions. But although our Lordsh p instantly to advise his Majesty to adopt the most
decisive measures to insure the immediate passing of the Bill of meaning, though not strong-minded, Sovereign, for a lam- Ships arrived since last market-day, 4.
_.-......-___
Crabley ; Halesowen and Hasborne. Every thing ehowed Such was the natural coneequence of civil war, from which they had gained a great, a glorious, but a Moodie. Reform, and to dismiss, without delay, the enemies of the peo- ment deluded, had now recovered his senses, and had de- COUNTRY CORN mAKtemes DURING THE WEEK.
that the inhabitants of this great town were animated by horrible state, thank God, England had fortunately escaped. victory, the cause was not yet secure. They had already ple, from every post of power and of authority, throughout the termined, from the wrong path into which be had been Wheat i Barley. , ...at.. Beans.
odr7 sentiment ; they felt as though the Almighty had
-(Cheers.) There was no doubt, he believed, that the been betrayed by their enemies ; and until the Bill were co}t7noctir,.memorialists implore your Lordship to be prompt and forced by the bad influence of °them, to return back into
Quarter. s. to s. s. to s. s. to s. s. to s,
e leered them from a dreadful impending evil; they did great snd good Eat Grey had resumed the head of the passed into a law they would have no security that they vigorous in the execution of these great and rri st essential du- the rieht path, and to listen, not "to the whispers of a
not, however, forget the instrument by which, in a great Government, and that he would, with ail his strength, would not be betrayed again.-(Cheem.) Therefore let the ties, and not to allow the country to be again exposed to the
danger of the most frightful anarchy, through the wiles and faction, but to the voice of the nation." Yes, he said, he Agd0n................ 62 81 31 43 .22 eo as _
Andover.....--........ 73 80 37 41 - '23 - 44
measure, this great good has been effected. To carry forward the measure of Reform, and bring it to a people's motto he, "Be just and fear not ; for let what will sinister intrigues of evil minded and desperate counsellors. had to congratulate that meeting and the conntry, that the Binningham....... 56 66 40 44 24 3'2 -52
Attwood's! to Attwood's! was the universal cry. Mr. Your memorialists would further beg leave respectfully to sug. dridport ............-... 56 74 32 36 30 -54
happy termination in a very short space of titne.-(Cheers ) come, the people mutt succeed."-(Cheers ) He implored wise, able, and honest Ministry, for a short time dismiased,
li',.airreinngeesdotne_r -,......
5450 :02
Attwood left his house in a carriage drawn by four horses, • • - . • gest to your Lordship the propnety of considering
were now recalled to his Majeety s Councils, whilst their
hneotrheber
jautr,ut
ir; • • ,
He (Mr. Muntz) fully agreed with their worthy cheirman, of them to obey the lews, and also to he prepared to de- ther extension of the great measure of Reform mawy 3626 30340 t 4,11
34125
_36
4t41
sent for liim from Birminigisham, attended on his right b
net,iieto
athned
ipirogl,coiun regwearwdlifiocrhthtouynvar,a,elleled old, inveterate, implacable enemy, the proud, !unlit, sul- Guildford ...a...a. 48 74 Z as. 35 •-• 43
y that Earl Grey fully understood the interests of the country. fend the laws with their lives.--(Loud cheering. ) He a"t4 snaokelY grrat
Mr. Jomph Parkes, h left b Mr. Boulthee, and
"" len, hollow-hearted Duke, with all his adherents, were
by several other of his" y b 'n the He had on a former occmion told them diet the people concluded by proposing the third resolution, which was
Herefor'd 84 92 44 48 - - - Y 2
personal friends, and is sons i .
driven away by the voice of the people from his Majesty's -
Highworth ....-... 62 80 32 42 28 34 - 56
Henley 54 83 30 35 28 30 - 40
carriage and dickey. As the rocession came within a however cruelly they were suffering, had no right to find seconded by Mr. Auemmus ATTWoOD, and carried una- __...„.......-.
p?Liyed iritghis awful'and eventful crisr:.
56 6SI 34 44 22 30 36 37
fault with Lord Grey, until time had been allowed him nimously. resence, it is to be hoped for ever. The Rev. Speiker Maidenhead
. of Birmingham _meile
, upwards f 51'10;000 inhabitants met th m Before we left Birmingham, reports of Meetings reeched P monmouth 58 81 39 -_ _ _
to acconijilish the good which he doubtless intended. That Mr. BENJAMIN HADLEY, Hon. Secretary of the Union then proceeded to the immediate business of the day, which Reading .
seit gtsi, gii :70
‘2,4 F,76 t:
with a forest of banners, &: , the town by deputation. At Wolverhampton, the Union
tr e band of the Union. On no
occasion do we ever remembe time hael not been afforded him. Let the Re'orm Bill be then read the memorial, tvhich he begged leave to move. of that town had a vaet Aleeting of that populous neigh- was to propose an address of thanks to the King, to which •11 1' Y
Sotiistnlpton 54 Y 3 33 40 23 32 ... 46
to have witnessed such en-
thusiasm and triumphant ex ressi ' first passed, and then they would find Lord Grey devoting In doing go, he could not help participating in that feel- bourhood, at twelve o'clock, in the open air, and passed Stroud
. SO many gentlenaen of the pwealtohnscFcrivriee
public feeling, or his talents and eaergies to the relief and benefit of the in. ing of heartfelt gratitude which had been expressed by Mr. various resolutions and memorials to the King and Earl Ise insisted, notwithstanding the great error he had com-
mitted, he was well entitled. De said tbat we should •eexwbkrietury ..... 1141 7744 g. 41 t. g SS : 4A
84 the town.
The procession moved through theY jured and suffering people of this wifortunate country. A Edmonds, on receiving the intelligence of Lord Grey's re- Grey, which are of so great an extent that we cannot every one wish to be tried in the court of moral and poli- u
wantaggee
whotierorthe
Kiunc;.,:acortuoc-t Windsor-a...a...a. 59 - - - 21 22 - .52
Tte, and few days ago he (Mr. M.) had recommended to them va- turn to power ; and he entertained so high an opinion of possibly find room for them to-day. At Bilston, the fol- tieel justice, thsot by onvrzo singled scoticoins f iii,is life, Warminster *we. 48 66 30 44 20 28 34 46
perimbulated the whole town, the windows of tte
ing in every street filled with the fair sex of all°l4rbeee; rious modes of opposing the late embryo Government-a that upright Nobleman, that be felt funy eatisfied he would lowing hand-bill was printed and circulated by the con-
Worcester---.... 65 66 44 51 31 34 - 50
and classes, waving handkerchiefs and blue ribands, the government that was never hatched. Among the rest, he not have returned, had any condition been imposed on steme, immediately The Sun Express reached that large gb.eutthbey. theL.
oow
kolteh of Tee.
'"
him that would have prevented his carrying the great Bill and populous town. since he came to the throne. Up to this point he had LEWES MARKEL-May 15.
Birrnineham badge of a Reformer. The people d •
uring the had intimated the power which the people had by their
White Wheat (per quarter)........-.£3 4 0 to .£3 5 0
combined influence uon s vings banks For this be had of Reform in its full integrit , untouched exce t for im- TO THE CONSTABLE OF BILSTON. acted wisely and nobly. It was owing to him that the
Reform Bill had reached its present forward position, BO
procession indulged in repeated and extravagant expressions We, the undersigned, desire you, without one momen's delay, Red ditt0.......----- ~ 214 0 32 0
been blamed, as marrifestinag ill -will. 'Now he intended, proveinent, and untnutilated.y. It would be'recolrected that Barley-.-. l4 0 10 0
of joy, and especially encoring " Rule Britannia, Britons • to call a public Meeting of the inhabitants of the township, to
forward that nothing now would push it back ; and no Oats, mew ..... 1 1 0 2 0
that if the Government, under whose control these institu- he stated at their great meeting, held last Monday week, address his M.rjesty on the glorious intelligence this instant
received, namely, that his Majesty has recalled the upright power on ear Pease IIS 0 17 0
niver will be slaves."
that Lord Grey had the ower to pass the Bill.
lions were, in their opposition to th . • th, not even his own, would defeat it. He
Oil Cake, New..............- 12 0 0 per thousand.
In passing the bank of Messrs. Attwood, and the houses conducttd the •
selves unnudentl h
e interests of the people,
he had • ' he hid
m e ys e bad a right to be im- or ~ !lot ;it a t p" t ti• If and triotic Earl Grey, and his colleagues, to hi'
he ower then he in inc ing, .pa
mentioned on the suggestion of a friend who stood near,
HULL MA RKEP-May 15
of Mr. Parkes, Mr. Redfern, and other popular Reformers, ' •
pudent too-if they give them a box on the ear, the people mould exercise that power, and make a sufficient jun.,
' Majesty's councils. W. Leigh, H. S. Fletcher John Wilbert)! ' •
William Dean D. Hawkesford, William'Bowen " Robert as a strong point in his favour, that even in the prospect Wheat, Old --s. 58s. 60s. New .-.. Uts 635.
the procestion occasionally stopped and loudly cheered. had a just right to return the compliment.-(Loud cheers.) nunaber of Peere to insure its passing into a law ;if he had Bew, John B. Waltiron, John Wilkes, T. L. Johnson, 'h. alor- of forming a new Administration, he had made it an abso- - Foreign -a. 50s. 545. ln bond... -s. -s. --a.
, About one o'clock the immense concourse of people en- Under i .
ts present circumstances, it could not be denied net the power, were he an honest man, be would resi gan, Titus Thompson, William Fellows, Gerard Barbor, Thomas
lute condition that the Reform Bill should be passed. Oats, Poland -s. 20s. 22a. Old --s. -s. 245.
tered on the celebrated spot-Newhall.hill. The carri3ge that En lish ' ' ul •
g men w-ere justifies. in takin t b' ost and tell the country that he had not the power. Prettm
g any s eps con- is p , gn Banks, J. H. Lester, Thom.as Perry, Daniel Smith, Thomas
Thomas V% hite, Stephen Baleford, George Grove, Samuel The proposed address to the King was then read and - Small or Feed.... -I. lea. 20,
- Foreign ... ...... ... -s. 16e. 18a --s. --s. -SI.
being drawn up to the side of the waggons, Mr. Attwood • •-• 1. i
Earley, Norf. & Sut.... --I 335. 365. Line. & %Vold -a. 36s 365.
- , sistent woe my, to oppose the appointment fth D k H had done so and had nobly redeemed his l d • h Sellinan. approued, after which the meeting dispersed.
. and his friends Mr. Scholefield, &c., were received with of Nirellin ton.-(Loud cheers.) It o eu e e , . . pe ge eit er
g . . was a great satisfee- to stand or fall. by the Bill.-(Great cheering.) He In compliance with the above respectable requisition, 1
ohnerehy
appoint a Public meeting of the
.inhabitants, to. be held the Rapesecel, in bond none
- Foreign Free, per last -I. !24.1 251.
deafening shouts and echoes of cheering, and the imrne se • •
x' - tion to him to reflect that the plan he had suggested bad (Mr. Hadley) rejoiced, with a feeling of exultation he was Swan Bank, at eleven o clock this morning precisely. NEWCASTLE REFOR3I MEETING. Beans 30s. 3.25. 345. Foreign -s. 325. ate.
meeting at this moment appeared animated by a feelin f ADAM HILL, Constable. Pease, White... -a. 38s. 4es. (ire,' -4. .-5..-S.
g o proved efficient against the machinations of h --ism--
• deliverance from some impending evil. t e great utterly unable to express, that the lives, the property, and Bilston, 16th May, Nine o'Clock, A.M. Lula, 40s. 445. --s Foreign -s :30s. 384.
Duke-who somebody called the bloody Duke-but whom h • f'4 'II' fh• I d (PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
appiness o ... Int ions o is countrymen vvere p ice
Mr. Attwood was called to the chair amidst great ac- he (Mr. M.) called time d D meeting was immediately held on the Swan Bank, CHELTENHAM al Altn.El.-May 15.
Newcastle, Tuesday Night, May 15.
ear uke.-(Laughter and loud in the hands of an enlightened and humane man, and A
elsmation.
Per Bushel. a d. to s.d.l Pei fn. d. to 6.
which was attended by between four and five thousand Nve have had a glorious meeting hereof Reformers this day.
- cheers.) He had every reason to believe from the best t d ind bi Wheat
The Cmantmete said, my dear friends, I feel so much authority, that his Grace, subse , . no turne once to abl , goted, and cold-blooded
quent to his reported ac- soldier.- Cheera ) He believed in his cn - ' hR ML hP l C - h •
persons, t e ev. r. EE, t e erpetua urate, in t e It was attended by from thirty to forty thousand people. It Barley 4 0 5 6 Minot'
o science that
4 0 4 3 Veal
gratitude to Almighty God for the escape which the na- ceptance of office, received a message from the Governors the Duke( of Welling bad for ed a ue with the Chair. was resolved to send an address to the King, praying hina to Oats
5 0 6 0 Pork ... 0 0
tion has had from a most tremendous revolution, that 1 of the Bank of England, stating that if he intended and prime Ministers of thteonEuro al
"4
peen despots to destroy, not Resolutions were proposed by Mr. Perry, Mr. E. Best, recall Earl Grey and his colleagues, as the only means of pre. ran'
ease 5 0 7 0 Laiiib 0 0
cannot help wishing that our Rev. Friend near me would could go on, they could not.-(Loud cheere.) If. investi- only tbe liberties of this country, but of the whole of Mr. Dean, Rev. J. Davis, Mr. Bew, and other Gentle- serving the peace of the country ; and a petition to the House Hay 3/. lOs te 3/. 15s ed. par ten,
publicly return thanks to our wise and beneficent Creator gated, this would be found to be the real cause why he Europe.-(Tremendous cheering.) He implored his fel.. men. The following is the principal part of the Address) of Commons, calling on them to stop the Supplies till the Re- goer.
DUMFRIEa ei A Itlaaal S.-leay 9
for the succese of our righteous cause.-(No Rooner was could find no supporters among his old Sriends. Sir Rob rt low-countryman never to cease political agitation till the to the King :- form Bill is passed. Dr. Headlana was in the Chair. The pe.
s. cl. e. d. s. ii. s. d..
With hearts overflowing with gratitude we again beg leave tition has been sent off by this night's post, with 19,190 signa. Wheat Int Bush 66t0 7 O'But,er, 16ez. ooto 0 0
intimation made by the Chairman than all hats were Double, a man he was free to acknowled f • D k f W ll'
ge, o notorious ue o e ington, and the detestable faction, of which humbly to approach your Majesty. Your'Majesty lias been gra_ tures! Is this like re.action llfit is disregarded, a re.action Bade ' P. ...
3 9 4 1 Eggs, donen ..... ..... ... 0 o 0 0
; doffed, and the most deathlike silence pervaded the im- abilities ; he only wished his political honesty equalled he was the head, be rendered incapable of lifting their un- cioustY pleased to listen to the voice of our prayer, and in return more serious may follow. Oats ........ ...... ...... 2 5 3 0 Beef, per lb. ...... ...... 0 4 0 5
menet assembly.) his talents, saw that the Duke and his administration would hallowed voices and traitorous arms against the rising Wteigned thanks. B
c are anxious to la at -our Ma'esti's feet
Y 3 . . I our fervent and un- Flour, 141 b.
The le •
. ev. Hume HurroN, in a most impressive man- go to the Devil, and he would go with them.-(Cheers.) liberties of the world-(We never will !) If they y recalling Earl 'my and his colleagues to
ex. your Majesty's Councils. our disappointed hopes are once more re. STOCKPOR l', MAY 15,, Oatmeal
Potatoes, cwt.
1 0 I 4 Quattern Loaf 0 4 0 5
0 7 0 9
ner off
vived. Your Majesty has proved to us •b
d 11 d th t
, ered up the following extemporaneous thanktgiv- He knew that the demand f ld
or go would send any Reform hibited the same prudent, manly, and determined conduct , eyon a oebt, a _...............--
you will not suffer yourself, or .
ing :•-•e." 0 Lord God Almighty, who orderest the affairs your dutiful and loyal subjects, to
(reom • CORRESPONDENT.)
•of all Government to the Devil.-(Cheers.) In eXplanation, he which had hitherto distinguished them, end whim bad be betrayed into the hands of wicked men. For this merciful THE MAN OF THE SWORD.-Letter of the
men, behold thy people before thee with grateful re- e d
egge to repeat what he bad said at the Council the pre- bought them golden opinions of all sorts of men, there was liverance for th. eve had a glorious meeting here Yesterday thc Mayor in
nn on br l
texaandds g,,eiilroous act, me cannot 3,A1l r Duke of Wellington, written by him in the East Indies, to Co.
;Dieing hearts, I it* a h f doene hour tuipass over sfre of he chair and at least 10,000 co le . esent. 'The r 1 •
mo utions
17. up to thee as the •utor o everY vious evening. He wished it to be understood that there no power on earth could long deprive them of their just ,Istif=em,ox ;nod •Gc... tand
lonel Munroe :-
blessing ;we that7l: : devoted attachment to yol'ir Maj.e!ty petition were all of the nipost psterrand s• • •
pint.stirring cha. " Camp at Soodnetty, Aug. 1, 1800.
e for the great deliverance thou hast was a great difference between the withdr •1 of d ' os'ts ri hts and libertiee vernment. We seek from your Majesty no more than our just
Wronght out fur us, and the great and bloodless victory i - • awa
IP
1 g * . i and undoubted rights • with these in our possession your Ma. racter. e
W 11 •
are a active, and shall not be behind our coon. " Dear Munroe,-I have received your letters of the -2ed and
rom a savings-bank and a regular commercial bank. In Mr. JONES seconded the address. The was convinceu
Which thou hast conferred. We hank thee, the God of jesty will reign in ou'r hearts and affections,-thos'e best and turneo. The People here are all quiet, but determined ;an Z.3d. I have sent to the commanding officers at Ilullihall and at
_ tuking their money out of the former, they unfettered their the meetieg needed no argument from him, for he knew surest, andonly safeguards of aßr Nugear, to furnish ammunition in moderate quantities, on the
all blessings, for del' • t . itish Sovereign ; your Majesty classes Join with heart and soul, and this Reform Bill has done
ivering us from the bonds of our minds-mbey withdrew their support of a Government they they were all desirous o I showing their zeal and deter- lh• v lum an ha
wi 1d e our united supplications that a g ct ppy and requisition of your amildars •in any quantities you please on
more to break down the distinctions of party, and make the ' - - -
.oppressors, and the desi ns fd • ' nd blood - erous reign ma be vouchsafed to your Majesty ; and when- your own. Don't press Hullihall too much, as I keow they are
g o esigning a y hided, and thus rendered its existence of short duration. mination to complete the great work of their own regene- I=th at rei people one, than any circumstance in rny memory. The hust. not very well supplied there. Take what you please from Nug.
minded
h llYe e ou will be followed to the grave by
men. Imbue, we beseech, the hearts of all me ff f
e e ec.s would be far different it the same course was ration.-(Cheers.) They were about to implore his Ma. the tears of aggnr:teaful eaanscl'mYourning people. ings were crowded with the most respectable inhabitants both gar. I have taken and destroyed Doondiali's baggage and six
. now assembled with a s irit f Christian benevo- pursued towards private banks. He had no hesitation jesty to dismiss from every office of power diode enemies in station and talent, and the immense crowd which filled the 1113izsit and driven into the Mulpurbu
.(where they were drowned)
lence, so that in th • p o WESTBROMWICIL 5 people. I stormed Duminull on the 26th of July.
e hour of our trium h ' •
'use in stating, that, in his opinion, and he might assert it of the people who had latterly hatched those detestable A w market-place vied with each other in zeal and energy. Doondiah's followers are quitting him apace, aa they do not
may cheerfully forgive all our • P t estbromwich a meeting of several thousand per-
enemies and oppressors, with safety, as he had no connection with any banking plots against them, who had conspired to circumvent the _ think the amusement •ery gratifying at the present moment.
. Grant that we may so use and • sons was instantaneously called, F. Finch, Esq. in the The war, therefore, is nearly at an end • and another blow which
prove the great privileges establishment, that the private banks were all safer than present Ministers.-(Cheers.) The Ministers bad been The friends of the King admit that Lord
thou hast conferred upon us ;bin Chair, and similar resolutions and addresses moved. lam rneditating upon him and his bdijerries, in the Ilentoor
lat we may secure them to the savings-banks. If the 17,000,000/. invested in savings- unwise in keeping such men in power, particularly the Grey had his Majesty's promise to create Peers sufficient to country, will most probably bring it te a close. 1 must halt here
us and our children for th,
DUDLEY. to-morrow to refresh a little, having marched every day since
g ory and for the universal banks bad been deposited in the laands of commercial Tory Lords Lieutenant of counties. 'rhe executive power
benefit of the family of man. carry the second rea i - a ,
&rig of the Bill th t being at the time
the ;2•2d of Jul ; and on the 31.)th the de on which I took his
Accept, me beseech thee, bankers, the community generally would have been be- had been retained in the hands of the pouple's bitter and On the cheering tidings reaching tbe toWn at half- the promise was given, considered its most important stage. ban, y h . • ' ' y • 11
ge, imam ed 26 miles, which, let me tell you, is no sma
the thanksgivings end petitions of thy humble creatures, and fit d while past Governments would bave been de- most unrelenting foes ; but he hoped, that having found past eight o'clock, crowds of people were assembled, But that stage having, by a manceuvre on the part of Lords matter in this country. My troops are in high health and spirits,
to thy name be aacribed all the glory. a 4 • ne e ,
who h th and their ockets full of mone -the roduce of lunder. I still
ay thy blessings prived of pecuniary means devoted to ever species out their error, they would not risk the Reform Bill a'n ad been waiting in e streets anxiously expect- Wharncliffe and Harrowby, been attained without the necessity
thi P Y P •I' •
re,t on the proceedings of this ciay ; and more es eeiall - - •' 1 • y , ,„, ag 1 ing the mail. The Tories hd 1 d
a tie ay before held a of any exertion of the Royal prerogative, thesefriends now con. nk, however, that a store of rice at Hulliha I will do us no
P Yon of wickedness and p 1
o.itica corruption.-(Cheers.) He on such grounas.-steneers.)
harm, and, if I should not want it, the expense will not signify.
him. called to preside at this glorious meetin
tend that his Majesty has redeemed hie promise, and is fully Colonel Mon
hole-and-corner meeting at the hotel, by means of tresor has been very. sue .essful in 13ularn ; has beat,
gof emancie 'd thu rotect himself from certain i - The address was then carried.
sal s much to p mpu .
Pated and eiulting freemen. May the feelings of all hearts r which a snug family address to the King was got up, justified in refusing tat in all parts of the country But
to create Peers. Did ever any one hear of burnt, plunceerese, and destroy . . . .
be ations cast upoa bim, for what he had mated on Thurs- Mr. W.BOULTBEE said, during a long 11 f t
1 e, or y years o iam ste o op
1 1 inion that nothing has been done which can tend
Inure united in the glorious cause in which we have t - h's On the so contemptible a quibble f-as if the promise, to enable Lord
express communi . .
Mating the probable recall of Lord enctually to put an end. to the reeellton aeßulain, and that the
erl day last, He had no doubt i recommendation i
lad pro.. which have been devoted to the cause of Reform, and for m
gaged, and through this blessing enjoy a more abundan Grey to obtain the second reading did not imply a pledge to
, . near approach of the raids renders It unpossible to do that whiet..,
victory. A - e ',et g - •
men. Amen. -( inousan aot voices re-echo t duced good-Mmud cheero_aed, if so, he wee careless which I have been deserted by many of my friends, no 'rey, the hells were set ringing before the Tories were out .
enable him to get the Bill finally passed! Next in culpability alone. in my opinion, will ever get the better of Kistnapuli NalB.
of their beds ; at eleven a printed hand-bill convened a
ed as to the animadversions oe those interested in the support circumstance has occurred to confer half so much honour to the violatio • • ' •
nof a promise, is the assigning a mean excuse for -Life anct()orrespondence of Sir T. Munroe.
' Amen. Amen.„)
ein s co me satisfa •
of such institutions. He had great pleasur e nding upon me, or to afford ctton at all to compare public meeting of the inhabitants ;at twelve it was held in tt.-Netes. WASHINGTON IRVING's NEW SKETCH-
THOMAs Arrwoon E 3lr dear friends, I thank
you most einceree. ees '.. '.q."-- __..... es- ---r......., ___ __ the motion. with tektite a oart in these Proceedings. M., i...... :. 1,. the open air. banners waving. and bAnds playing. attended

The CHAIRMAN, said, my dear friends, I feel so mach
gratitude to Almighty God for the escape which the na-
tion has had from a most tremendous revolution, that I
cannot help wishing that our Rev. Friend near me would
publicly return thanks to our wise and beneficent Creator
for the success of our righteous cause.—(No sooner was
intimation made by the Chairman than all hats were
doffed, and the most deathlike silence pervaded the im-
mense assembly.)
The Rev. Hoag HurroN, in a most impressive man-
ner, offered up the following extemporaneous thanksgiv-
ing:--" 0 Lord God Almighty, who orderest the affairs
of all men, behold thy people before thee with grateful re-
joicing hearts, looking up to thee as the author of every
blessing ; we thank thee for the great deliverance thou hast
wrought out for us, and the great and bloodless victory
which thou halt conferred. We thank thee, the God of
all blessings, for delivering 118 from the bonds of our
.oppressors, and the designs of designing and bloody-
minded men. Imbue, we beseech, the hearts of all
‘ now assembled with a spirit of Christian benevo-
lence, so that in the hour of our triumph we
may cheerfully forgive all our enemies and oppressors.
• Grant that we may so use and improve the great privileges
thou bast conferred upon us, that we may secure them to
us and our children for thy glory and for the universal
benefit of the family of man. Accept, we beseech thee,
the thanksgivings And petitions of thy humble creatures, and
to thy name be ascribed all the glory. May thy blessings
rest on the proceedings of this day ; and more especially on
him called to preside at this glorious meeting of emanci-
ph_ated and exulting freemen. May the feelings of all hearts
• " inure united in the glorious cause in which we have
engaged, and through this blessing enjoy a more abundant
victory. Amen. Amen."—(Thousands of voices re-echoed
Amen. Amen.,,)
Tnomas ATTWOOD, Esq.—Mr. dear friends, I thank
you most sincerely for the honour you have conferred upon
me, in appointing me your chairman. With me you
cannot but be moved by the very affecting address to
Almighty God just made by my Reverend Friend. Be
assured when our just cause is supported in this spirit—
When patriotism, religion and courage are combined, we
tang be successful. When these form the combined principle
or our action, we cannot but secure liberty and happiness.
unhappily the country had been too long governed by

" Camp at Soodnetty, Aug. 1, 1600.
" Dear Munroe,—l have received your letters of the 22d and
2.3 d. I have sent to the commanding officers at Ilullihall and at
Nuggar, to furnish ammunition in moderate quantities, on the
requisition of your amildars ' • in any quantities you please on
your own. Don't press Hullihall too much, as I know they are
not very well supplied there. Take what you please from Nug.
gar. I have taken and destroyed Doondiah's baggage and six
guns, and driven into the Mulpurbu (where they were drowned)
about 5,000 people. I stormed Duminull on the 26th of July.
Doondiah's followers are quitting him apace, as they do not
think the amusement very gratifying at the present moment.
The war, therefore, is nearly at an end ; and another blow which
lam meditating upon him and his bunjerries, in the Hentoor
country, will most probably bring it to a close. I must halt here
to-morrow to refresh a little, lu.ving marched every day since
the 22d of July ; and on the L'Oth, the day on which I took his
baggage, I marched 26 miles, which, let me tell you, is no small
matter in this country. My troops are in high health and spirits,
and their pockets full of money—the produce of plunder. I still
think, however, that a store of rice at Hullihall will do us no
harm, and, if I should not want it, the expense will not signify.
Colonel Montresor has been very. successful in ; has beat,
burnt, plundered, and destroyed in all parts of the country. But
I am still of opinion that nothing has been done which can tend
effl.ctually to put an end to the re,ellion at Bulam, and that the
near approach of the rains renders it impossible to do that which
alone, in my opinion, will ever get the better of Kistnapuh Naig."
—Life and,Ziorrespondence of Sir T. Munroe.
WASHINGTON IRVING's NEW SKETCH-
Boog.—" We have long heard of Irving
's sojourn in Spain,
and always looked forward to great results as regarded the
realms of poetry. If there was any part of Spain provocative
to his imagination, it was the Moorish capital ; and of that
capital the palace of the Alhambra. Here it is in ruins, but
clothed with every species of art ; its actual state is described
in the all-beautiful style of the author. The fancy is pleased
with allusions to the past; tradition is called to the aid of the
t:nehanter, and he finishes his task by garrisoning the old Pala"
fortress with more charms than it posseeresl in the days of either
Zorayda or Liiadataxa."—Spehoor.

On the cheering tidings reaching the town at half-
past eight o'clock, crowds of people were assembled,
who had been waiting in the streets anxiously expect-
ing the mail. The Tories had the day before held a
hole-and-corner meeting at the hotel, by means of
whick a snug family address to the King was got up,
On the express communicating the probable recall of Lord
Grey, the bells were set ringing before the Tories were out
of their beds; at eleven a printed hand-bill convened a
public meeting of the inhabitants ; at twelve it was held in
the open air, banners waving, and bands playing, attended
by upwards of 4000 persons. Similar addresses and re-
solutions were unanimousley carried. The following is
the address to the King:—
TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
THE HUMBLE PETITION AND ADDRESS OF THE
INHABITANTS OF DUDLEY AND ITS NEIGH.
BOURHODD, IN PUBLIC MEETING ASSEMBLED,
TO THE NUMBER OF FOUR THOUSAND PERSONS,
AT THREE HOURS' NOTICE, ON MAY Itivx, 1832.
We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, approach your
Majesty with sentiments of gratitude to express our satisfaction
and joy at the removal of those evil advisers from your Majesty's

Mr. W.BOULTBEE said, during a long life, forty years of
which have been devoted to the cause of Reform, and for
which I have been deserted by many of my friends, no
circumstance has occurred to confer half so much honour
upon me, or to afford me satisfaction at all to compare
with taking a part in these proceedings. My heart is too
full with the contemplation of this splendid and peaceful
victory, to attempt to give expression to my feelings, I
shall therefore content my4elf with moving the next re-
solution.

The motion was then put by the CHAIRMAN, and
carried unanimously.
Mr. EDJZONDS did not anticipate the event which they
were now met to consider would have happened so soon,
and he felt the whole of his system, and his body and mind
in such a state of tumult that he could not describe. Al
be approached the place of meeting, and heard the loud
peals of thunder, he really considered it a sort of provi-
dential c'tira of approbation of the great exertion made

THIRD EDITION OF BEECHEY'S VOYAGE
TO THE PACIFIC.—Among other beautiful illustrations to this
work are the following :—Portrait of John Adams—Landing
in Bounty Bay—lnterior of Pitcairn Island—Baidare of Ho.
thaw Inlet—Raft of Gambier Islands—Attack of the Natives
—Water Spout—A Coral Island—Nativee of the Coast near
Cape Thompson—View of Point Barrow—Tracking the Bios.
some* barge round Cape Smyth—Esquinsaux mode of Burial
—lnteresting view near Refuge Inlet—Californians throwing
the lasso—View of Napa-Kiung—Natives of Leo Choo—A
Loe Choo Junk—besides Charts, Sm. &e.

Mr. SALT having seconded the resolution, it was car-
ried unanimously.
Mr. EDMONDS introduced to the meeting Mr. W. G.
Lewis, editor of the Birmingham Journal, an ardent
friend of Reform, who had suffered in the cause of Reform
