NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. F. BUXTON presented * petition from the
University of Oxford, praying for the abolition of
obsvery in the West Indies. The Hen, Member
mid it was grateful to find that learned and all elastics
concurred in requiring the abolition of slavery. He
had stn all hope of the slave-owners doing any
thing calculated to effect an amelioration of the con-
dition of tbenegrnea. Mr. Canning had said that the
first step taken should be the abolition of the
infamous practice of floggiog females,. but that
first step had not yet been taken in. any of
eiur slave colonies. lie (the Ilonoureide Mem-
WO had lately received an account, and which was
really astounding, of a poor negro wko hid
Geen flogged merely for having jelned in prayer'at
the house of his pastor. He hoped that the people
would, at the next election, refuse to return represen-
t Wife* whose 'West Indian connections could not fail
of prejudicing their minds on this most important
sulneet. The lion. Member conducted by present-
ing similar petitions from Blackburn, Frome, end
,several other places.
Sir A. GRANT mid, that as a West India pro,
Hew h. could assure the House he was as
elisions as the Honourable Member opposite
for Om anudioration of the condition of the
aleves; he meet, however, complain of the adore-
peettentations of the Honourable Member end
them acting with him, as to what had taken
place in that Honourable House six years
ago. The resolutions agreed to by the House -on
that occasion did not pledge it to any specific
measure of ema► cipation! but merely to such en'
*melioration of the eonditton of slaves as might 'be
found consistent with the rights of private property.
Mr. P. JIUXTON said the resolutions fully
cognised the principle of adrontiog.the negrom to
the protection and privileges of the British Constitu-
tion. lie had no objection to muke competet-
tier* to the slave-owners, ea be considered the West
Indians and the country equeliy
Mr. O. CAVE had no objection bet,ompemation
being made to the slave-owners, but he never would
"onsent that the slaves should be kept in bondege
till the robber ad the rozeiver of stolen propetty
—.fur these were the Attractive in which this
cowry and the slave.owner no.w stood---settled
elie quotation of compensation tJetsverA Them—
lutterly denied that either had A light le demand
turel
. ets
m_e-morrt. y from the slave for his freedom.. ticd
Ifonatoher eenelnded by presenting a petition;
aping shivery from an individual whose name Wel
cook! not hear..

On the motion titut the petition tut printed a
long di•custion ensued, in which Sir I, Yo p,
Mr MANNINO, Sir 11. N'ttiouni other moroberel
took pert, Ihe motion WAS Ogif4tiveil,
Lord MORPET.II preurotta a petition to tlin
game effect from 4 dissenting eongregsttnn York,.
*hire. _ -

Mr. LATIOUCHERE expressed u bops Ow
Goveintnent would tuku a din question, not Ottiy
of slavery, but also of our Aftloui poolMiojit
