[MORNING I'OSTI

French Papers to the Wth. Inst. reached us

last night by Express. Their contents are not
of much importance ; unless it shoold be deemed
a matter of consequence that as a reward for the
temporary overthrow of constitutional liberty in
Spain, the Emperor of Austria has bestowed up-
on the 'Duke d'Angonletne the Cross of Maria
Theresa, which he lately took back from Sir It.
Wilson. The Hero of the Trocadero must now
mind how he nets in his own country ; for
should he be so rash as to support ~.he
French Charter whist the attacks of the
I...Titres and the encroachments of Despotism,
he may chance to incur the displeasure of his Im-
perial Patron and the double mortification of
being gaxetted as an unworthy Knight, and of
having to return the glittering badge with which
he is now invested, for the use of some new
abettor or national slavery. it is not even cer-
tain whether the French Monarch may not have
exposed himself to a mercuriale from his brethren
of theifoly Alliance. For instead of treating
the assassination of, young Honein by a sentinel
on the day of the Duke's triumphal entry into
Paris, us the King of Prussia tells his subjects
as a Cabinet Order he would do, should they
be shot by the Police when crowding to witness
the fetes which he gives thew, the Half-revolu-
tionary Louis has granted a pension of n thou•
sand francs out of the Civil List to the father of
the murdered youth. This act of commiseration
is even to be followed by one of justice—the
trial of. the assassin : and what cannot fail to
prove still more offensive to dot, Allied Tri-
bunal, this conduct is extolled by the French
Papers, as shewing 44 the delicate and elevated
soul of the Monarch." So much feeling for the
sacrifice of an innocent life will be regarded as
an undue concession to popular prejudices, and
though it may not be now quite safe or possible
to discard Louis altogether out of the Alliance,
he will probably be considered in future as a
"faux frere" in whom no confidence ought to be
placed.
