DOVER; JUNE 28.

The brig Huskisson, Captain R. M'Leod, came up last night,
50 days from Pernambuco. Captain M'Leod reports, that when
he sailed Pernambuco was in a state of revolution, and all busi-
ness suspended.
Two Russian frigates, accompanied by a Russian brig-corvette,
arrived this morning off here, from the eastward, and proceeded
down ChanneL It is supposed their destination is the Medi.
terranean.

,SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JUNE 28.—Wind N.W.—Arrived the Huskisson,
M'Leod, from Pernambuco. Sailed the Princess Augusta,
Hawkins, for Van Diemen's Land.
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 28.—Wind N.N.W.—Arrived the
Emancipation, Kemp, from Leghorn.
STANDGATE CREEK, JUNE 28.--Arrived the Dayne,
Todd, from Odessa; Henry, Brougham; and Benefica, Regene-
rati, from Trieste.
HASTINGS, JUNE 28.—Arrived the Romonoff, Thompson,
and Briton, Winskap, from Miramichl.
LIVERPOOL, JUNE 27.—Arrived the Arlon, Harrison, from
St. Petersburgh ; Gleaner, Badwell ; Vane, Harring ; and Eli-
zabeth, Couran, from Riga.
CORK, JUNE 26.—Arrived the Terra Nova, Percy, from
Newfoundland.

Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Dover,
dated June 29 Arrived oft this port, the Huskisson, M'Leod,
from Pernambuco, for London, out fifty days (9th May). Per-
nambuco was in a state of revolution, and all business sus-
pended when she left."

HAYMARKET.—A new piece, entitled A
Friend at Court, was brought out, last night, at this
Theatre. It is a comedy in two acts, by PLANCHE, and
was successful.

It is generally reported that the Hon. Mr.
Man's, M.P. for Forfarshire, is about to be raised to the
Peerage, by the title of Earl PANMURE, which was for-
feited by his ancestors at the rebellion of 1715.

STATUTE OF FRAUDS.— A Bill, by Sir E.
SUGDEN, to amend the provisions of the Statute of Frauds
has been printed. It is provided that no action can be
maintained unless the agreement on which it is brought be
in writing, and signed at the foot thereof. Letters passing
between par ties or their agents not to amount to a binding
agreement. No Act whatever to enable a Court of Equity
to decree a specific performance of an agreement unless
signed in the manner aforesaid. Where either party to
an agreement, not duly signed as required by this Act,
shall refuse to perform the same on his part, the other
may maintain an action against the party so refusing for
damages sustained by him, for repairs,, &c. No deposit of
title deeds is to give an equitable lien on lands to which
they relate, unless there be an agreement of the nature
specified by. the Act. Wills are to be deemed effectually at-
tested by witnesses, although not subscribed in actual pre-
sence of the devisor.

The American census for 1830 has been
completed, and the result published. The population of
the United States, which was 9,637,000 in 1820, was last
year 12,976,000, or, is round numbers, thirteen mil-
lions. What a prodigy is -the growth of this republic?
When the revolution commenced in 1776, it had lessthan
three millions of inhabitants, and now it has thirteen !
'1 hen it was on a level with Svritserlaad or Denmark in
political consideration ; now it is the second naval power
in- the world ! We rejoice in its progress ; for its strength
and its glory belong to the people, and to the cause of
truth; justice, and freedom, all over the world. It is
pleasant to observe- that the states in which there are no
slaves are - advancing so much more rapidly than the
others. The fact readers the evils of, slavery more pal-
pable, and holds out the prospect of its diminishing every
year in relative importance. The population of Scot-
land and England, in 1811, was 12,353,000 or 600,000
less than the United States last year ; and New York
alone has very nearly as many inhabitants as Scotland
had in 1821.

ARBROATH.—The feelings of humanity have
been completely outraged here, by some ruffians who, on
Thurolay the 9th current, pushed a dog from one of the
precipices to the eastward of the town, into the horrid
abyss below. The animal immediately swam up the nearest
cavern, where its piteous howlinga excited the utmost in-
dignation of every passenger against the authors of such a
base deed. No food could reach it from above, as the
animal, at the lowest state of the tide, was far into the
bowels of the earth ; and, from the sea, the entrance was
declared too critical for a boat in the calmest weather to
venture near it. On Friday morning last, however, Mr.
GARDNER, of Cliff,house, who had often before, in the
most praiseworthy manner, exerted himself—but in vain—
to effect its release by land, offered his services to attempt
it by sea, and happily succeeded in reaching the famished
brute, and rescuing it from the truest picture of Avernus
it is possible to draw. The crea►ure bad been nine days
without meat or water; but now, it will for some time
longer taste the sweets of society, under the fostering
hand of its compassionate deliverer.— Caledonian Mercury.

ILL.REQUITEDLOvE.---The passion of love,
so powerful in its influence over the most savage beasts,
rules with a feeble and transitory sway over the subjects of
our present inquiry. The male spider approaches the female
with the greatest circumspection, fsaKul lest the sexual
feeling should not have banished that thirst fur blood
which, under ordinary circumstances, induces them to
prey as readily on each other as on winged insects. It
therefore not unfrequently happens, that if a small male
approaches a large female, whose feelings unfortunately
do not coincide with his own, instead of being caressed he
is eaten.—Encyclopedia Britannica, article Arachnides.
MARRIAGE EXTRAORDINARY.—One day
last week a marriage was celebrated in a parish in the
neighbourhood of Forres, which has excited not a little
amusement in the district in which it occurred. The
bridegroom, who had tasted of the pleasures of matrimony
is days of yore, was of the mature age of 75 ! and the
blooming bride—no virgin, however, for she also had been
married some half-century before—had been scorched by
ninety summers' suns! ! ! The worthy and affectionate
couple had lived together under the same roof for the last
ten years; but sonic " compunctious visitings" had, it
seems, crossed the mind of the strange Desdemona a few
weeks since, on which occasion she declared to her
neighbours she would no longer harbour her gay Lothario
without being " regularly married, as she was afraid the
world might raise stories unfavourable to her character."
We hope there is no cause for Ma mins being either alarmed
or indignant at this practical manifestation of contempt for
his philosophy._Elgia Courier.
On the 19th inst. an inquest was held on the
body of Isaaxi.sa. .litx, about 18 years of age, the
daughter of an industrious farmer at Little Buratead, who
was found drowned in a pond, after being in the water, as
it is supposed, at least three hours. Mr. D'AnnstuA and
his son were called in. but professional skilrproved nue-
vailing.—Veraict accordingly. The circumstances at-
tending the melancholy end of this young, and generally
thought, prodeot young woman, up to the period of an
immoral offence of which she had recently been guilty,
and for wkich she was discharged front her place, ought to
operate as a warning to others, in preserving that chastity
which to a female servant in particular is her best protec-
tion in youth, and the greatest source of happiness in old
age. The prirrijaal! connexion of the unfortunate girl is a
strong arpgerceelin -aartiotowittgmatiatncritntittihri:s4pmar:ietso,winn
yofconsiderable length of time. We are led to appre-
tifioienr:edal, from facts communicated to us, that unless the
libertine, of whom the unfortunate girl was the victim, is
r,-;moyed, more mischief may result from his
continuance
tinuianecif in the neigbbourbond.—L.lyssex Iferaid.
FATAL EFFECTS OF TERROR.—OWEIf
paws, a Merthyr workman, 58 years of age, was so
dreadfully shocked at the riots there on the 3d inst. that
he has been raving mad ever since. He is a parishioner
of :LlanfliitiPt Cal4irnshire.— Cambrian.
A TOUGH. (.ti old pilot of the
Afolaccav," ear PIGAFETTA " assured me of a verity
that they bad pigmies there who dwelt in caverns, and had
ears so very long that they slept upon one, and covered
therakcitrc; Viet) Cye other," No had hint for Brother
Jonathan.
An adder, three feet in length, and three and
a half inches in girth, was killed last week by two men
burning peeta on the moss of Aslroar, in the parish of
Aionedie. This species was once very numerous in the
braes and Highland districts; but since the practice of
heather burning became general, they have been- nearly
extirpated.-- Caledonian Mercury.
