(No. INIT.)

MI:Moi REA SECRETS NU NAPOLEoN B'JONAPARTEi ecrit par
an Homing: qui ne l'a pas_quitfe dcrtis Quinze -Paris
et Londres ; ebez Cothurn, Libraire, Conduit-street; Han-

crier-square. 121n0.' 2 iota. pp. 440.

It has seldom fallen to our lot to peruse a Book
of such lofty pretensions. .dnd such meagre per-
formance ; the Author of it, perhaps from mo-
desty, perhaps from motives tdf prudence, conceals
his name ; but we could suggest a much better
reason than either for his remaining unknown.—

From the services which the Author says he was
called upon to perform about BuoNAFARTE, such
as opening a window when the room was too h►►t,
or shutting it when it was too cold, or picking up
a paper when it' fell off the table, he e%idently
wishes, it to be supposed, that he was one of the
attendants (perhaps the valet-de-chambre), upon
that " great.. Prince," that " profound politi-
cian," that 'great Captain of the age'," as our
sagacious Opposition Patriots used to call him.—
But as we do not feel disposed unnecessarily to
wound the feelings of Mons. CONSTANT, who had
the honour of filling th4t. office, we do not W MI to
insinuate, in .the slightest manner, that he is the
Author of this-Work. But it is.time to let this
Writer, who so loudly " thunders in the Index,"
spe ►k for himself :7--" No man in 'the world," be
says; " knew BVONAPARTE better than I did; no
Olie could know him better, no, not even himself;

for, more than once, I guessed what he was

going to do, before he had even projected
What an invaluable Correspondent would this
man have made to any of the Allied Powers ! how
-uselessly was their secret 'Service money employ-
ecU ! He then proceeds to tell his Readers, that
as soon as be had access to BLIONAPARTE he
formed um most inconceivable, the most difficult,
and perhaps the most dangerous plan that ran be
imagined ; and that was, regularly and systema-
tically to study him, morally and physically, in
pablic'and in private, by day and by night"—
Jitit, in order to elude the penetration of Buo-
NAPARTE, the Author tells us, that he put on
in hi presence an appearance of " idiotism and
thoughtlessness." We by no means wish to of-
fend.‘MOnsieur L'lneonnu, but we are sadly afraid,
that, having assumed these appearances for fifteen-
years, " in public and in private; by day and by
night," he has not succeeded, in shaking, them
nit ; else, perhaps, he thinks that may
impose upon his Readers by the same means
that lie did upon his Master. We must,
hot-ever, do our Author justice, if 'be really
was about the person of BIJONAPARTE, and
had an opportunity of , viewing him in hiss private
and unguarded niomentseor 114 any confidence re-
posed in him; his tiaterest enemy cannot accuse
him of having betrayed it ; his secrets, if be has
any, are locked up in his own breast, and his
Reatlets will know jtist as much about Ffves7A-
rwrE when they have read his Book as they did
before they opened it. He tells us, indeed, that
BuoNaranze was born at Corsica ; that he was
educated at Brienne ; that he joined the Jacobins
early in the Revolution ; that lie was at one time
reduced to such poverty and distress that he was
about to twit France, and seek his -fortune in
sonic other country ; that he was afterwards,
through the interest of Bannas, appointed to the
Command of the Arinsaof Italy; that he gained
his victories there more by a wanton profusion
of the lives of his soldiers than by his military
skill; that after returning front Egypt, lie entered
into divers intrigues, first to be made Consul, se-
condly, to be made. Consul for life, thirdly, to be
made Emperor,_ and fourthly.to have the succes-
sion settled in his own Family ; that be mur-
kred the Duke D'ENGnIEN and General PI CH a-
Gku, and finally, that he is' choleriek, selfish, ty-
rannicalaand cruel. Now, unless our memory is
more than usually treacherous, we have before
read Nip these facts in an infinite variety of News-
papers, :..lagazines, Pamphlets, Biograph ies.,
dotes, and Histories, published on the Continent.,
in Gseat Britaia and Ireland,- and in Anierica.—
We must, however, candidly acknowledge that
if our Author is spariug in his facts, when he does
get hold of 'one he makes the most of it. What
t!te preface with which he introduces it,- the
commeats with which be iatellards it, and the
reilections with whiell' he concludes, he makes an
sueeslote which a less skilful writer wouhl tell in
raaeaty lines, serve him for as many pages. Our
I{c tiers, however, may wish to see some'Eatracts
Isom a Work which promises so much, we will,
therelore, extract foul.) it all that is ne NV ,
we hate nu doubt we can give in about one co-
lumn of our paper., The first attiele which we
shall aa:sact frcea this Work is o,l.l.freaty, which
he siya, .i3aoN•Aj'AliFe peoposed to the Emperor of
Germ about the hee,itiaing at 180-1, and which
inflatiates:would hay.e been signed if it had not
the Doke D'Easuu e 11
been fat the munfas of
Ihe Treaty is fallows
- t• France shall restore to his Majesty the Ent-
.
p.ci,,r of qvilnany, kviihout any injury or sub-
y witatsoever, al! the Conquests which she has
made ante,: the commencement of the war iu

7'J2, with the e.xeeption .of those possessions in
Itary' !low known by the name of the Italian Ile-
, piih!)ck. -NAeimmys Pwor.,:ArinTE, President or
he said -Irldi-tn Republic, shall be dcclaied Sove-
ji,,,u td it %Hider tic title of King of Lombardy.

Fititpt,Tor of AListtni engages tcl

the Electors of Germany to acknowledge his title.
The Kingdom of Lombardy shall be hereditary in
the Family of NaroLeoN, the males of Avhich arc
alone to succeed. The Royal Families of France
and of Anstria,'are for ever excluded from the
"f hrone of Lombardy.

" Wishingsto pot an end to the factions by which
France is distracted, LOUIS STANISLAS XAVIER,
Brother of the late King, shall he recalled to the
Throne Of France. •11y the following Articles,
BUoNAPARTF. engages- to support Louts XVIII.
on the Throne .of France, and Louis XVIII. is to
acknowledge BUONAPARTF.9S Kilfg of LOMBARDI°,
and to use his good offices to induce Foreign
Powers to do .the saicc. France is to reinain
in
possession of • Hanover till a Peace is signed.with
Ekgland, if tho King of FRANCE so pleases ; • and
the conquered States, especially Holland, are to
return under the -dominion of their ancient nias
ters," &c.
The Author having favoured us with a pernsal
of- this inchoate Treaty, earnestly intreats " Mes-
sieurs les PublicisteS" to cast their eye over it,
and he assures them they will find in it the hand
of a profound Politician ! !
Fro he cwit tuned.]

ESQUIRE LACY'S REASONS.

Why Doctor MIMS was not raised from the
stead on the 25th day of May, MS, according to
the French prophet's pred;,,tion, approach so near
to the apologia's for the non-appearance of Shi-
loh, that we are tempted to lay them before our-
Readers •

" We are not unsensible of the harsh censures
and uncharitable reflections that ate cast upon us
and our' btethten, the prophets, in not raising
from the dead our late spiritual brOther Dr: EM os,
on the precise time we foretold ; therefore, to
prevent, as much as'in its lies, all further clamour
and unnatural violence that may he occasioned
thereby, we have.thought fit to give our reasons
for this oinissip.n in the following order
" First, and principally, we are threatened with
a popular rage and violence, which the laws of
God and Nature allows all mankind to avoid, hav-
ing been practis&i by good and holy men in all
ages '6l the world, even our Saviour himself,
John x. 39. &c. who further confirms.
,thiS truth,
Matt.x. :33, by advising his Useiples when they
were persecuted in one city to flee into another.
And, if it was lawful for the Apostles and Christ
himself to avoid the fitly of their wicked and un-
believing adversaries, we hope no man can rea-
sonably blame- us for deferring the accomplish-
ment Of the said intended miracle. Jonah pro-
phesied the deStrrictiou of
,Ninevelk in forty days,
but it was deferred near forty years, on their re-
pentance. .
Secondly, The secret decrees of the propheti-
cal spirit are treasured up in the fountain of, wis-
dom, and consequently past man's finding out,
especially by a rebellions and gainsaying people.
- " Thirdly, Raising the dead, restoiing' the
blind and lame to•.their sight and limbs, are great
miracles, and only performed by faith, prayer,
and fasting ; but, where a rude, enraged, and re-
. vengeful multitude is gathered together,- in de-
fiance of heaven itself, all acts of devotion are
obstructed, and even suspewled till a more season-
able time.

" Fourthly, Though prophetic periods do not al-
ways take place, according to the punctual warn-,
inks of the agitated spirit in the child of adop-
tion, yet, like a great conqueror,:wfio sometimes-
meets with .difficulties and miscarriages in his
march, in due time break through all obstruc-
tion, for the more glorious accomplishment of the
promises.
" Fifth/y, and .lastly—Uad we been peaceably
suffered to appear on the day and hour we pre-
dicted, it would then have been decided who
were the cheats and impostors (name's we have
been notoriously,loaded .with), bUr when open
rage, mob fury, and even death itsj,lf, 'not only
threatened but looked us in the face ; such a
time. we arc sure, was inconsistent for the under-
taking of any thing that related to a public satis-
faction. For had the miracle really been wrought,
in such a confused medley of ungovernable rabble,
instead of being acknowleded as such, 'we had
run the hazard of being torn in pieces, and per-
haps occasioned a fatal and general disorder among
the people—for whose sake, more than for fear of
our own lives, we prudently delayed attempting
the said weighty undertaking, till a more favour-
able opportunity—though we could freely have
sacrificed- our own lives. for the sake of spiritual
truth, if such a dispensation had been either ne-
cessary or convenient.; but (considering theanad-
ness 'of -the age, the malice of the mob, and the
rage of many.tnalecoutents against the present Go-
vernment, who in ail probability would have taken
the ad-vantage of such a confusion, in order to
have promoted their, long wished treason, and
wicked designs). -we preferred the public peace
and safety.of the Government before our own in-
tprest and reputation ; which, however so much
Shaken in this particular, shall never discourage
us from being loyal and obedient to our superiors,
notwithstanding our being rendered obnostiotts to
them liy spiteful and malicious agents, who are
always fishing in troubled waters, to bring about
their' -own notoriOns and pernic',lus purposes,
though to the scandal of themselves, and ruin of
their Christian brethern, whom they hate for no
other reason titan being honester than them-
selves.

" To conclude, let men of carnal principles have
wln sentiments they please of us, we are resolt-
ed to act as the spirit of peace and love within us
shall dictate and guide us, and as the supernatural
agitations of Divine Inspiration shall enlighten
out' understanding ! ! !"

lc We arc rather idelined to think, that the ablest of the
English Sybils'adherents will be unable to produce any apo-
logy half so cogent as Esquire Lacy's (from the Harleiau Alj.i-
cell.uny) for Mrs. Southcott'S dying instead of producing a
son! The pessons about the corpse refused to allow it to be
opened last night, though the old Lady is evidently enough,.
to use the elegant expression of'one of them, " as- dead as a
Doc' Fail, and as et"' as a Poker

IMPORTANT CORPASPONDENCE.

LETTER 11.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,--L-It would have been well for. Europe, and
,glorious for the British nation, had Lord CASTLE-
REAGH known that Italy was a part of our Con-
tinent, included betcVeen the 38th and 46th de-
grees of N. Lat. and the lith and 19th of E.
Long. His Lordship's tatal ignorance of this
fact (which I will in a future letter endeavour• to
skew, from geographical authorities, to be indis-
putable), as well as of the history of this country,
in which profoundly difficult subject, his col-
leagues, the British Ministers, are not one.pgr-
ticle better instructed than the illiterate Noble-
man they have sent to Vienna, is the• fruitful
source of discord and misery to come..

It is also altogether unknoWn t o your Ministers,
and in a great measure to the pOpttlation of your
country, with the exception of a few men of
talents, the enlighleited Statesmen and Patriots of
a dark' and venal age, tiVat' Italy is bounded on
the -north by Switzerland, and the Alps which
SEPARATE itliOrit GERMANY on the west by Car-
, uiola and.the Adriatic ; on the east, as I am firmly
persuaded, hyl,the Mediterranean ; and on the
south as has been said, and I verily believe,
by that sea (though it is' not easy to con-
ceive hoW the same sea can be on two sides
of a country at once) and the Alps which di-
vide it from France. All! Mr. Editor, what dread-
ful and mighty considerations arise out of this
vieo Of the situation of Italy. Switzerland and
the. Alps are ordained by Nature, to separate it
front Gcrnyany, but yet the harpy ambition of
Austria would violate the order of nature, pierce
the sacred bulwark of Alpine heights, o'erleap the
barrier of libeity which Hel.:etia, has interposed,
and riot on the ruin of a country which you may
perhaps have read, was, by an ancient and vene-
rable philosopher, denominated de Boot of Eu-
rope. Bootless; indeed, is such a name now, if it
cannot save us front the feet of cruel invaders.

Nur Alps, nor Appenines can keep 'ein out,

:or fortified redoubt—!

Sir ! the length of this boot has been computed
at 600 miles, and its breadth, like 'that of other
boots, is very unequal. We strapping Unitarians
in the North think ourselves entitled to be at the
top, and it will not be easy to leather us out of
our object. But More of ibis hereafter : it is
necessary for me to proceed to-give you informa-
tion which will astonish England undsher doltish
Rulers.

Italy was once divided into three great parts, as
follow :—First, the upper, or our part,• consist-
ing of Savoy, Piedmont, and a division of Mont-
serat, subject to the King of SARDINIA-Genoa,
a free Republic—Milan, Mantua, and the rest of
Montserat, under the dominion of * Austria—
Parma, and Modena, subject to their respective
Sovereigns—and the .great State of Venice. Se-
cond, the middle part, or calf of tLe 1.90 t, et it
towards the anele, coniisting,of Tuscany, Lucca,
and the States of the Church.—And third, the
lower, or debased part, 'consisting of Naples.—
" I hope here be truths," as one of Jour best
writers has said in a play, the title of which
sure for Measure) is so dear to every Italian tlo-,
som, that it is as highly valued here as in the na-
tion of its. author. Here be truths which, I think,
must make your"wicked Ministers pause before
. they proceed with their iniquitous .schemes con-
cerning Italy.

And, Sir, I think you' must nice with me, that
it is a most melancholy thing that'the British Go-
vernment should be entirely unacquainted with
these important matters, which, if they bad
known, they would never have misconducted
themselves as they have done with respect to this
fine country. Their It-famous breach of good
faith, which led 'to that of which I was a horrified.
eye-witness, the execution 'of nine hundred and
eleven men,•women, and children, at ten o'clock
on the morning of the I ith, in the citadel of Mi-
lan, whence their bodies were thrown into the
Olana and ,Lantbro , has alienfited the affections of
every Patriot among us from the country which,
prior to this barbarous massacre, they esteemed
more than any other foreign nation. Oh ! that
men, competent to guide the helm of the State,
with wisdom to conceive, and talents to direct the
Councils of England, had been in the place of those
drivellers who have reduced you to your present
lot of dehnsemenf, infamy, powerlessness, and im-
becility ; then indeed—hut the soul sicken; at, the
hare contemplation of the reverse we should then
have had to delight us ! England would hare been
rery different from what- it is.
Intending to resume these
observations--will-
ing, for the good of mankind, to communicate ,
the knowledge of which .1 seem to mySelf to be in
the exclusive possession—desirous of instructing
your blind and besotted Rulers in History and
Geography—and ardent in the diSclosurse of

1;
or
great State secrets, which, but f 0
never be revealed to• a wondering `c.
shall now, Sir, take 'my leave of you, so
or
intimating, that you ought by no eteil'is
gine that there are Parties Italy as ill 1'1,501.
such as the Austrian Party, the Tte"lNE,,i°„irtii`)
New Philosophy Party, &c., and that I u`'d 'O4
v,itri°t'rop
the latter. I assure you lam a real
dependent of every consideration, 003° p
of action, private feelings, se:fish intere'rs'oor
&e. &C.; and, moreover, that 1 hate 31/4-I,loo'
the Austrians as I do the very devils in
nium. But you shall hear from me aggi"'
Plan
is agitated to an approaching CrisisVoo4
will astound the vile Monarchs plotting at
the slavery of mankind whom they faiselY-P.
to have liberated from the chailis of ay
r. hot
NAPOLEON was a hero, ',and a (treat I°ll,ists
mum ! no more !--:Thank Heaven, he still
to enliven the :hopes of all true patri°.rs;Pi'
your own TONI DE ASS
Mugu, stith December 131.1. I Al°
S —Were I not afraid of your inferliatoleii
O dpd
Agtheectits lofcoattlilduis:pyrinicni(p)cleed: Ab:linti; these
1.1
cruel executioners of the barbarous riefoal
of a persecuting people, haunt. my
and prevent me from more bitterly "6116dd
former and abusing the latter. W°111(1
were wasted, marrow, bones, and ~f./1'
I'. S. 2d.—(Private and confidentiol)•""all
tended apprehensions of the Alien 011.10 cis 01
hurt there is nothing alien, about, ine fat
heart, and that they eannot touch. It wi/l.aottr
our purpose; Alpwever, to take away the cilijitibi6
which Britain at present enjoys, as the litlsretel,ed
asylum and cheering liiend of the qu'
every country ; and instead of the sanctler
American, Dutch, Italian, S'irlss'n
erers in every good cause, their striolittilPitiai°°lll:'ll3lll'lll3,l
.man,f Portuguese,
anil liberal benefactor, to represent her "t•ollri
spirits,, f
cunt in this
u undertakentTaa p,
just, dishonourable, and inhospitable 113)101'
Spanish (yea, univers3"cjeo
us
triotic undertaking, Nlote
Note of the --DITOR. toalni(ellpa
suspect this
not intended to be printed ; in short, it
i Seeds
have been meant for another Paper-

0

FRENCH PAPERS.

[RECEIVED THIS MORNING:I M P
t 1"r
VIENNA, DEC. 17.—1 t is determine' 00' •A°l
King of Saxony shall not come to Vie'' coPj'e
quit his dominions as long as they °l.eht,"sill/ti'r
to e
by foreign troopS.:' That Prince who alle3
pride of misfortune, positively refuses
tpiit
at Vienna, in the character of a 00,. fott
e
narch. All communications- Must clm/'1:
cessarily be made to him in writing' i" ff%i of
-sionsconsiderable delay in tLe proceed ',co?
Conc,nress
•
It is reported, -but we cannot state it l,' $5,1111°1
',e 0
,
tive fact, that the Conferences of t"" ori
~liVt,
14th, the, proceedings assumed a very tr
ing aspect. We arc assured, that t'
cce (id
sters of Russia and Prussia have a: of
the proposals of the Austrian I°l's t; 11,1
lative to the left bank of time Nhitieib'stildi,l
land' -and to Saxony. It also saidi'-otold'ill
Castlereagh received dispatches fr'olll S°otbet,ti
the 11th, which tended very much to stti°tpt'o
difficulties respecting Saxony. It 561i:1 i;°:(
Prince Regent wrote to his LordsbiP
band, in which be declared that he w°u
make some. sacrifices of his German 11`1 '.
than that SaXony shoußcease to c%is gatOctil
rate and independant Kingdom. The 5
'patches are very friendly to AUStritle
FRANKFORT, DEC. 21.—Letters fr°lll,oPi'v,
state, that the affairs of 'Poland- aria 70,04,
settled. Russia cedes to Prussia a Prt-ofioall
laud; containing 15,000,000 iiihahloilts;;llsl:cf
changes another part of her Polish
Amqtria ;so that the King of SaxoPi .d 1
at least a part of his states. tole Jo,
Prince John Sulkowski, proprietor o'
of Bilitz, who had attached
himllsclf F
of `' oj
parte, under whom he rose to the rak„.'
has unexpectedly appeared at Vietio9'' oich
intermeddled:in the affairs of Pol4ll',l',
view Of exciting disturbancos, and b°°' 01.6' fJ•
respects a maim of had character, be `.g`lsl oativ
by our Court to retire to his estates, amend
quit them without the perrnission ° esc d •
vernor of the Pro Vince.
and arrived at Vienna in a. boat ; Off'ie
h.l'
seized the Police, and sent back t°
,most
A prosecution has been c ommenced
ab
for a libel which was found,upon him'
scril(iii?
t;e
Isl
In the Mauritius Gazette wefind
of a public party given at Port Lows,',„esseati".
,apz,ars the following remarkable e7`l",sith
Joe ladies' bosoms were uncoverg'
laiik and modesty."

W°"
r.,10
woti(l/
sprt'l
)11,
!M.

ern h
rot'iesi
'Sc
06001504
111°.
sors
reviiiiro
t

'
$
•
C iS
riC , t 111(
ille.o.V3l:lsolcr
le Cli3ileble
it:bosreU of
sretclj,
311Ctiiirt);er
vers3l)C
r r(liea. '
1 113/
fl0t1011;11
le;:itber
tln this
'

105
is NlOl-, 10
it SCcof

t the
„(1 tll3. 0,1
V ;pi.-
ce`t
r- fox
btts nesr
t° '?;e
Pp"
a°llo
oreP
'cli De
vpit of

1;o5i",
it
35 1 0,11
1:33
the
tr;I: ;01)111,,
accejet re
iolsterto'
hioe,
I,OP-
'nevo:
salootlie
tyf
l tit ,c`'
,co
ai: lii; °ljef
0-1:11(1°Io0/
ossesjele
[s as
,
r:
as

81;
co
in
a"'
SOvi/v 1/'
0,
,rti°"
its,
s
711l1101'cus'tf
will le

,f the 9/
Od
tv e!,
j
of Vie tit
,
o j
jOb icre
vas Opt
f tije
cS aP
,
lie
lot oic'
1)15 e 5 -
_t

cie9cri'(l)./
i 0 ,jo
~esset?
scith

1/RUSSELS PAPER.
11,..s„__s
-....7____...,„
pail CI'S
kii
p'EL. C. 24.—Several German -w. lately
tltriuu.ee that the King of Spain has
1114aill(ted of the Pope that the Prince of Peace
Itl 4.
be given up ; but King Charles pserc-
tf), h 4 claiming the protection of the Holy
ti to ref "ncient Minister. Ferdinand is rfesoulivi;
1;11jut teftlse all kind of support to his
cif
Ito!) ;611' cease to interest itself in favour
~!)ii,a 41141 Go;ioi, Kin., Charles .is
vett to live the Support of the Court o
11ie„......: , , bytherefor;
4,1 r. (‘lracle, Dec. 25.)
`have
hl)lisi', 1)86.. 1.1.--Some Italian Papers
the
1/44 It' a letter addressed • hon.) Rome to
r,it.4 (le bebats, which says that the Quce4,.°:,
ler.ln!las never complained of her august t
ss'cl that Xing Charles is well convinced that
it
In l'el:(1111and VII. has liwfully succeede( ;
sure
10, .I.°lle of Spain, and that his Majesty is
-.tai n;
(hill. Jog front his son whatever he may ask
........-.

Nst
Ili PRICE OF STOCKS
ILik't:,./1, '4 L‘,Y Al TWELVE O'ELOCK.
mr, .ite,, .
Bank- L. Ann. 16. i
;hr'"QC,,4*64ll
1 T.
India Bonds, I3s. I,s. p
Pt,'e4t. c:1.!s• shut
ttit.N-a(i.s. g• 2 Exchr.q. Ilins, Par, 4s- pr.
I Ornßitn,p, lii dig.. . ~, 'YAan.shut I Cons. for Opening, 664i.4
kr'4 IVA -----.....3„..._ !ti, • :yr k ,
,1.1
Iv,. A LONDON Bl
"antes after G. i Ere
•

E 'FO-MORROW.
ig, 39 minutes after

THE SUN.

DICERE FALSU%I AUDEAT

L ONDON,
nECEMBER 31, ISI4

i.. 140 ~..„,..........._._........___..._._._____
lk vti
bets., ~
It 'it ‘.
i r'Pehy Vix, as is now highly pro- '
t,' tlffer.ed to die a natural death in April
the
ne . -0
ijt itiin VII Budget will certainly be one of the
ltt ~r4taTit Which has been brought forward
It, ‘tie e„,, ,
'4 r •seorated Budget of Mr. ADDING..
kk444ll.tkotefe- the Peace of Amiens. From the
'',ll the interest on the National Debt,
llt 1
cikr,„. e(. as it will be ti , by the interest of the .1 1 Iva ,
, tiyf
LITI Debt, which must- soon be .perm-
D
G,l
t:llitti.re."" ! and, from the increased annual
the ()E the Country above what it was
tk,, it i ouunencentent of the Revolutionary.
ti; 3
4 evident 'that a great revenue must
t
4f 1(.4)1e11°10- The Loan System can-
yet
°I course, be continued as a regular
nal -Produce : that was a Was. 'Area-
V 441 is
ll' slab utterly incompatible with any ra-
ttt Of PllallCe.
,4111Nr,4°')Id, therefore, be determined, in con-. 1
'k e fire 0 r Property
L uti,ler. peace; not to renew the
:`ltit.a„ 4nY modifications, Ministers must have
tif -to the Only alternative which presents
tz, 4 as efn .
eose ' eient source 'of taxation, namelrari
klll4 irl4e 4"'essed Taxes.
Nti 8 the d 1 . .
01, lieirlina in which we are placed ;
de
of ‘wl
lo clamour so loudly against one
kkt, , a)atio,„.
t, 4401 ._ ". ought to reflect on this fact-
-1:144404 " the situation of the Country, a cer-
-1) sti; tit
C)f revenuelllllSt be provided; and if
ktv '(!e(1 ill throwing
' th - the load off
),) "st ex. . ' 0119 part,
•
k(I Peet it to be in some degree re-int-
-41)04 an
'ltl,ere other.
The cdnsideration therefore
tvill it be most convenient to bear it.
t'tt
ki‘hall‘,ll4atpers to the 29th arrived this tnernin.g).
(hey es from Vienna to the IBth, but no ill-. If b e 'that 4-
11 Illg r .. y
..4 1-ao t contradictory and unworthy
,'• ll eh". upon. We have also Frankfort
li rtissi,
tqr,h, " Jottrnals, hilt they are all of the
16 "Mitre .
tt ' 4'1(1 more incontrovertibly establish
si tltli ,f
wl
1 ti,
a..
, "ich -vve long ago became convinc-,
t?,, ' t tile s,secrets of the neuociations- in Con-
'l„ IlDort 0, b
Meetly „.1 , ..e most material points, . are' ton
I,l\. '141',1e4 fo permit of their being kno.wn i)Y.
ki) ) elvsPa )
tiiiNt. I ers, either on the Continent or in
Tl,
tb a t •
ki ciil4,':'"r-e de France mentions a letter from
(i'v b'elie,„‘EGE'T 'to Lord CASTLEREAGH, SIICII
11.440,11 L 1113 Royal Flightless never wrote.—
* tif tia(l°). Went. out with a full and perfect
1,1 filth
le
nilitMs Great Britain had in view at
,iii •rort
4ilttil ant Mecting—obje.ets which, we will
r)4l, tIY predict had .referenceto
our ag-
itt 'ltbetit , no
t, ii,r_ , either in Germany or elsewhere,
ts,,ll:eal.c4ated
for
the
general independence
►,.., tll,zu I the
C ' ( -4e'"ui'versal I, a ppiucss of mankind.
4t1,, rtui 1,.
1 4 "ts
nathi62,' to dPsire fur herself from
il ,I:he:tit; 1 :el' ,or Ai:itt.ister on earth. She has
't: ‘vislies . t ery 'Tex, of her wishes, even %vet e
it,141tri,.,„ ',"llbitiotlB, It is, therefore, for other
t, -') that
pto 1,1 stle' exerts her pm% trful intlueitce ;
- ..p. , ..
tit. 41(sli E . - balanced
S a I (11 opt: On a system of
114.tectIllt:trtl,.,(:41"1° tslltieudgt(l principles that she devotes
'1
6" ; it j
`1 h illiid• , givt every People an interest in
‘11,14. A' (iete; e. of that stote of things which shall
1, lesnili.nillietl, so that the recurrence of \car
Lill)y r ' I°' nMy be far hustite from these. '44, li"es,_tb.‘i s
.strir„_,, "-'sUe has toiled for twenty- yeaw6
‘nt
batte, alit' is now cout.i.:nditii.: in th
, ,

labyrinths of dip:omacy. Again we predict, that
come the hour of disclostire-when it may, the
proceedings of the Representative of England's
honour and name at Vienna, will be found to form
as bright a page in our pacific annals, as the con-
duct of our WELLINGTON has inscribed in those
of our martial glory. -

Owing to the severity of the weather, we 11:1(
not received our Port Letters at the hour it be-
came necessary for us to go to Press.

There was an absurd report at the; Stock Fix-
change this day,f that Mr. VANSITTART, had sent
an intimation to the Cbthmittee of that place of
his intention to reign his situation as Chancellor
of the Exchequer. To add to the folly of this report
it was said that that Gentleman had also consulted
them as to the most eligible choice of a successor.
Ridiculous as this story, is, there. -were enquiries
at the Treasury into the truth of it.. -

Advices from' Malta to the Bth lead us to ex-
pect a very material and beneficial change. in Bri-
tish domm e red to the Mediterranean. The repre-
sentations of the Governor have been listened
to with attention, and the following are the prin-
cipal regulations, by which Malta is to be erecte4
into a most valuable trading establishment

" 1. Excepting soap, steel, German linens and glass, all
commodities are to be considered as the produce of the Mill-
try, and the exporters are to have the privileges attached to
sucit a contingncy.
" 2. A direct trade is to he allowed 'to the East and West
Indies, and, to all the other dependencies of the Cyown ot the
United Kiwrdom."

Proposals-, it is said, are to be made to acquire
the same concessions for the trade at Gibialtar.

Yesterday the Earl of LrvitupooL and Viscount
SIDMOUTH had lank audiences of the PRINCE
REGENT at Carlton-honse.

Mr. CatutoLL, a secretary attached to the Arne-.
rican Legation, arrived ',from Ghent yesterday
morning with the Treaty of Peace between this
country and the United States, and proceeds im-
mediately to Portsmouth, to embark on board a
frigate for America.

The Princes who did not take .part in the Rhe-
nish Confederation, and- who for that reason
justly urge their supevior• claims to attention at
•the present moment, have presented a long Note
to the Congress. They profess a zeal for the good
Of their common country, and a wish to see a
speedy end put to its present interregnum, by the
establishment of a strong and libral Constitution,
comprehending the institution of States-General,
a Supreme Tribunal, and a paramount Sovereign
clothed with definite and legal authority.
The bankruptcy of the hank of FFRENciilk Co.
Dublin> has been superseded, by the result of an
issue at law, in the Irish Court of Ring's Bench.
• The Chamber of Peers in Paris has passed to
the Order of the Day on the Petition of General
EXCELMANS. • •

WINDSOR, DEC. 30. Yesterda,y,. soon after
twelve o'clock, the
.PRINCE RE.;ENT arrived at
the Castlefrom London, on a visit to the QUEEN
and PRINCESSES. After spending some time with
them, he proceeded. -fa Cranhourne Lodge, on a
visit to his Royal Daughter, the Princess CHAR=
T.oTTE. His Royal Highness returned to the
Castle d little before five o'clock to dinner with
the QUEIN, after which the PRINcz left the Castle
for London,--This morning Sir HENRY. HALFoRri
went out of Waiting on the KING, and left Wind-
sor for tondori.—The waters continue very much
nut in this past of the. country ; the fields to the
left of Eton are all under water, and some parts
of the town are flooded.

-The' 'l,Last India Company have lately come to
a resolution, which will be attended with riie most
beneficial effects, not only to their recruiting ser-_
vice, but to the order and regularity of the ships
company during the voyage. When the recruits
amount to above 80, they are to proceed-from the
depot_ under the charge of Company's Officer,
under- whose orders they will be subject to the
controul of the Commander. The Officers are to
have a consequent indulgence of passage money.
,We" are indebted to the Cork Mercantile- Chro-
nicle far the following account of an entire new
Mode of dancing which was practised at the last
Meeting in honour of St. Patrick, at Calcutta.'
We have very little doubt that it will be imme-
diately adopted in all: hot couvitries.—" An ex.-
cellent dance was prepared, in Mr. Mobiles best
style, to which, soon after eight o'clock, upwards
of 150 persons :at down."
Mr. KEAN'S ftomeo will, no dpubt, be viewed
with a wary eye by the_ Critics, who, we hope,
will not have any cause to exclaim with Juliet—
altpnea, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo !"
A curious discovery was lately made at' Basle.
A merchant, who, Ater the departure of the
lies,, had' purchased .one of their magazines of
brandy, having occasion to "go into it to remove
sumo of casks, found under them the (lead
booties of two Austrian soldiers, who had got in
and drank thethselves to death. _ _ _

" Our letters of yesterday," says a Morning
Paper, " front the Midland Counties, concur in
stating, that there had been a heavy fall of snow
for two or three days ; and that if it continued,
which front the state of the atmosphere was very
likely, the communication from the North to the
Metropolis must soon be considerably impeded, if
not obstructed altogether."—The Snow Plough,
described in this Paper of Wednesday last, we
strongly recommend to the consideration of the
districts thus threatened. _ _

Stitelok---Stue days ago, a. lady who resided
in the Castle at Dover, the. wife of a Officer on
toreign service, put au end to her existence, by
swallowing poison. She =lit to the shop of a che-
mist, and asked for a quantity of arsenic, which, he
refused to serve her, unless shewould state for what
it was wanted : this sh'erefused to do, and left the
slop.—She Pfterwards sent a soldier to the same
place for some spirits of vitriol : the chemist told
-the soldier, if it was wanted to clean firelocks, oil
of vitriol wonld answer the purpose better : the
man replied, that it was not tor_ himself, and he
did not know what use it was to be put to, but
he was desired to ask for spirits of vitriol. On
this the chemist served. him with of vitriol,
Which he took to th_e lady) who swallowed -itim-
mediately. She suffered in cousequelice a linger-
ing and excrueiatinz death.

ORIGINAL POLIAIY.

ON THE NEW YEAR.
Another Year baswiug'd its airy flight,
titi wrapt the future. in mystekious-night,

4n eager haste we feel; .
We long—we hope—and e'en swift 'rime seems slow—
*:nquiring ask, while yet we would not know,
What may this year reveal?

What may it not—Ah ! one short year may semi
To his long home, a lov'd, a valued friend;

Bring others to our view— _
Lay hundreds low in death—Alas! replace
Full many'a well-known, and lamented face,
By forms entirely new.

A year may bring the Wounded mind repose, •
O'erwhelm the happy with 'unntnber'd woes
May ease the captive's, doom :
A fteetingyear, 'ere it is past and One,
May add fresh beauty to the form of one,
Decv another's-blooin—

May ope to sorrow, Pleasure's blisSful door,
Mahe the poor wealthy; and the wealthy poor :

Titus change the fonns of fate—
May show'r profuse, from golden realuis above,
Ou private homes the joys of peace—and love—
Bring discord to a State.

Could we look forward but through one short year,
How would the smile alternate chase the tear,

The tear its place supply;
How one sad hour would view the mind perplext„.
Perchance reliey'd and free- from care the next,
Ere yet that tear was dry.

But though weak Man alone can truly sec
What bath been-Hs—mid not what yet way be, ,
We'll fondly paint the best;
We'll bid the radiant dawn of hope appear,
Through its fair glass we'll view the op'niug year,
And while We hope—we're blest.
December, 1814. • • HELEN.

RIQTS AT THE THEATRE IN DUBLIN.

[FART'IIER PARTICULARS.]

On Tuesday 'night, as was apprehended, there
was h tumult, such as was never' witnessed at a
Theatre. The uproar was tremendous—every
chandelier, supplied for the third time, was broken
to atoms ; every paunch in, till the dress boxes,
every pat►nel in the second tier, and all in the
third,,with the exception of three or four, were
wrenched from their places and flung into, time pit ;
the seats were then torn from their founda-
tions," and shared the fate of tile gilded fronts.—
The orchestra was destroyed, big andlittle fiddles,
and the grand piano-forte itself was almost cloven
in - twain. We trembled at one time for the
scenery, but- the Lord Mayor saved this part of
the Theatre ; nor', to do the audience justice, did
they manifest any disposition to injure it,"
Crow-street Theatre was entirely demolished
last night. Not a lamp, chandelier, lustre, foot-
light,. or seat,;-was left unbroken in any part.of
the House. The audience was- as numerous as
that which originated the tumult on Friday night;
but,it.was much more determined ; it was a mi-
racle, indeed, that a particle even of the scenery
escaped.
The refusal of Mr. Jones to ,Make a personal
apology continued the source of the uproar. The
malcontents would enter into "-no compromise.
Placards were distributed -in all quarters, and
handed to all persons, but they proved abortive.
One of them was as follows-: , •
