COUNTY OF KILKENNY ELECTION.

KILKENNY? FRIDAY EvicNlNG.—The Anti-Unionists
made a bold At-niggle ye.tei day, and placed their candidate
at the heal of the day's poil', Fry a majority of 28 accord-
ing to one retain, and 21 according to another, which may
he regarded as more authentic. But the result of this
day's poll dissipates any proTect of success which this
temporary triumph might bare afforded. A number of
clergymen of the Established Church, who bad been kept
in reserve', came up this day for Lord Duncannon. Tbs
poll closed at half-past five o'clock, when the numbers
were thus declared :
Lord Duncannon
Colonel Butler

The grot.s majority for Lind Duncannon is now —6B
Some freeholders have arrived this evening for Colonel
Butler, and more are expected from Dublin tomorrow;
but even if all the freeholders who yet remain Impelled
should vote for Colonel Butler, he would be unable to
reach the number already polled for Lord Duncannon, who
must be declared the. sitting member on Sat:inlay evening,
or at farthest on Monday, as the booths must close en that
dky, there not being a sufficient number of freeholders to
14,..gny booth open.
There was some disturbance here yesterday. An
officer of the 17th Lancers was struck most violently with
a atone by a ruffian. A private, who observed the offender,
was about to thrust his lance into the heart of the wretch,
when the wounded officer with his sword warded off the
blow, and thus saved his life. The conduct of the mili-
tary during the election is praised by all parties. They
are under the command of a moat amiable and gallant
offices, Sir Edward Blakeney.

ASSIZES.-(RECEIVED THIS DAY.)

APPLEBY, FEL 2G.

Mr. Justice Park arrived here last n4t,11'., and opened
the Commission for this county. The Court opened this
morning a little after nine o'clock. There were only three
prisoners for trial, and three causes entered upon the civil
list. In addicsing the Grand Jury, hip Lord,hip congra-
tulated them on the paucity of crime in this county, and
particularly on the ab•ence of those turbulent symptoms
which bad hem manikste4 in so many of the southern
counties.

Anthony Carleton, slias Roberts, was found guilty of
gelling a horse, the property of Mrs. Wilkinson, of El:-
lington-hall. The horse had been put into the stable on
the 29th September, and on the morning of the SOth it
was gone. A servant of the presecutor was despatched to
Burgh Hill great annual fair, held on the latter day, and
there he met with the prisoner riding upon his mistress's
horse. The ease was very clear, end judement of death
was recorded against the prisoner.
The JUDGE said that, although he would recommend bins
to the mercy of the Crown, he should feel it his duty to
advise that the prisoner be sent out of the country.
George Watson was convicted of having roble d Daniel
Hutton, of Beetham, on the Nine's highway, of 4/. 6s. on
the 9.3 i January last,. The prosecute• and prisoner had
been drinking together at a public house, et Milmhorpe,
where the prisoner resided. They left the house tog, tier,
and each went in opposite directions., as if to go home.
From the prisoner's house a path led across the fields to a
lane, called Paradise-lane (about a mile from Mi!nthorpe),
which the prosecutor had to pass. Wheu the prosecutor
arrived at this lane, he was knocked down by the prisoner,
and robbed of 4/. 6s. The prialner ran off; the pro-
secutor followed, and went to the house ef the former and
demanded his money back. The prisoner denied any
knowledge of the affair ; but next morning, when the pro-
secutor called again, Watson gave him Si. ss. of the
money. The Jury immediately returnee! a verdict of
Guilty, and judgment of death was recorded, the Learned
Judge assuring the prisoner that his punishment would Let
transportation for life.
Margaret Gilbanks was convicted of stealing a bacon
• ham, the property of John Deihl, of Aypleby, and sen-
tenced to three months' imprisonment and hard labour in
the House of Correction.
Two of the civil cases were undefended actions for
debt, and the third was to recover damages on the war-
ranty of a horse. Mr. Margetson had bought a race-
horse from Mr. Wright, of Triusell, near York, foe
which lie gave IV. 16s. in hand, a promisory note for
501., and out of the first five prlzes twat he should win in
1830, Mr. Wright was to have 101. for each prize. Mr.
Wright warranted the horse sound •' at that time ;" but
he turned out to have a splint on hie fore off leg, and to
be a crih-rucker. Mr. Margetson put him into training
and entered hint for several plates ; but he broke down in
the training, and was returned to the defendant, aid Mr.
t
tarstal
iinenari
Margetson now sought to recover compensation for the cash
paid, and for the keep and training of the horse. The
damages were laid at 1441.
Mr. BLACKBURN, for the defendant, contended that the
plaintiff knew of the splint and the crib-sucking at the
eyht-,ase,d,a) rar
bee:ye::
given
ime ownfoi tttllbe he ie) e
,h,troasseee:c etceormistthatrtri:dae therefore
er
antndht
specially refused in this case.
Verdict for the plaintiff—Damages 47/. 16s.—via. the
42/. 16s. paid for the horse, and Si. fur the expenses of
keep.

We understand that Lord A LTIIORP has
given a❑ assurance to iLe distillers in Editurgh, that the
subject of the repeal of drawback up,,n spirits made from
malt only, will not be entertained by Government without
previously receiving every corisideration.--Edirtburyh

Courant.
rttui d
MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR AT 'PUTNEY.— The
adj.,urnel inquest on Mrs Ct. :iitzk did Lot tertritaate
o'clockuntil six yesterday eveiling,-when the Jory
a verdict of `• Wilful murder hgain.t
The JA
CORONER NE CLALO 'Je
CF,
ycungest daughter of the dere:lewd." itn.
lanediately ipsued bis warrant for }kr comnit,..l t()
County gaol.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

ROUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUARY S.

The Loan CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Wool-
lack at Five o'clock.

Petitions were presented by the Earl of Radnor, from
Bridge-end, Gisborough, Marlborough, and several other
places, praying for Parliamentary Reform, and from a place in
Roscommon for the repeal of the Union ; by the Archbishop
of York, from several places in Yorkshire against slavery;
by Lord Kenyon, from Carmarthen and eight other places
in Wales against slavery ; by Lord Spencer, praying for
Parliamentary Reform ; by Lord Durham, frost the free-
holders of Durham, and also one from the city of Durham,
praying for Parliamentary Reform ; and by Lord Morley,
from Plymouth, in favour of Reform.
Lord WARNCLIFFE presented a petition front %he pa-
rishioners of St. George's, Hanover-square, complaining
of the expence of the new police in that parish, which the
Noble Lord trusted Government would take under its con-
sideration.

Lord MELBOURNE observed that an efficient force
mould not be kept up in a large parish like the one referred
to by the Noble Lord, who, he was glad to find, did not
complain of the new police, without some expense. Every
exertion would be used by his Majesty's Ministers to re-
duce every expence as much as possible.
Lord ELLENBOROUGII considered the parish of St.
George had no great grievances to crmplain of.
Petitions were presented by the Bishop of Chester, front
Wigan, Stockport, Manchester, and several other pins,
against slavery; by the Duke of Devonshire, front Water-
ford, Armagh, and Bellchurch, in favour of Par-
liamentary Reform ; by the Marquis of Londonderry, from
Sunderland, complaining of the proposed new duty on
coals exported, and praying that the proposed measure may
not take effect—(ln consequence of some irregularity, the
Noble Marquis withdrew the petition)--by the Marquis
of Clanricarde, from Galway, praying for an extension
of the elective franchise; by Lord Deere, from Urris, in
the county of Mayo, complaining of distress.
Lord TEYNHAM bore testimony to the distress that
was existing in Mayo, and trusted his Majesty's Ministers
would take it into consideration.

Earl GREY observed that the distress referred to had
attracted the attention of his Majesty's Government, Who
were always willing to du every thing they could to alle-
viate the distress under which th,t country laboured.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Sir A. GRANT and others brought up the Exchequer
Bills Bill, the Bristol Regulation. Poor Bill, and a private
Bill.

Leave was given for the Duke of Richmond to attend
the Committee of the House of Commons for enquiring
iuto the Salaries of Public Officers.

The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a petition
from Devon, earnestly praying for Reform. The
whole of the petition was as moderate and temperate
as it was possible to be on a subject of such great import-
ance. The petitioners adhered to the principles of the Con-
stitr tion in its original purity, and earnestly prayed of their
Lordships at all events to secure a more adequate representa-
tion of the people in Parliament, and that they would shut
that door which was now too wide open to corruption and
expense. He (the Lord Chancellor) did not conceive it pos-
sible for any one, except these who considered the present
reprehentation as every thing that was perfect, to complain
of the manner in which the petitioners addressed their
Lordships.

'he Noact LORD also presented a petition from Liver.
pool, praying for Parliamentary Reform and vote by bal-
lot. The petitioners (the Noble Lord observed) might
be Tight on this subject—at least their sentiments
were respectfully worded. His (the Lord Chancellor's)
opinion on ►ote by ballot was well known, yet he had
been very much misrepresented as treating it with contempt.
He admitted that the feelings of the people were growing
much stronger on this subject than he expected; perhaps for
this we might thank certain individuals whom he would
not name. He should reserve his opinion until the fitting
time. He was however unconvinced, and he did not think
the ballot would be that effectual remedy which it was
generally supposed it would be.

Lcrd ELLENBOROUGH postponed his motion,
which stood for to-morrow, relative to the new timber
duties, in consequence of the resolution not being as yet
morel in the other House.

Lord TEYNHAM begged to know if be could be
favoured with sopies of the reports and papers lately re-
ceived from Governor Stirling, with respect to the Swan
River settlement.

Viscount GODERICH said there was no objection to
the production of the papers, and he was hiippy to say
they could disprove the erroneous impression which had
been made with respect to this colony, and show that it
Was in a pro.perous state.

Lord tEINHAM gave notice that he would move on
Monday for some papers connected with the expense of
bu.hlings at Sheerness.

The Esti of GLENGALL prevented a petition from a
parish in Kilentty, for a repeal of the Union.
Lord KING presented a petition from Greystock, pray-
ing for an amendment of the tithe system. The petitioners
complained that they had been for thirty years involved in
litigation with their rector, and that they had lost many
thousand pounds in endeavouring to support their ancient
customs and moduses; that they had been dragged into all
the Courts at Westminster, and into the Ecclesiastical
Courts at York and Carlkle; that at one time forty or fifty
suits were pending against different persons; and that,
although Lord Eldon and Lord Lyndhurst had decided in
favour of the petitioners on the subject of moduses, still
the rector persevered in opposition to their decisions.—
The Noble Lord reael an extract from the report of the
Real Property Commissioners, giving their opinion that
there ought to be a limitation to the claims of the Church
in this respect. If the Lord Chief Justice had been in
bis place, he should have taken the opportunity of asking
that Noble and Learned Lord whether he intended to
bring in a Bill relating to tithes, which ho was understood
to have in contemplation, as there was a Learned Gentle-
man in the other House who had a measure prepared on
that subject which he had delayed only on the supposition
that the Chief Justice was about to introduce a Bill relat-
ing to the subject.

Earl GREY said that no man could be more fully
convinced than he was that inconveniences existed, and
that a speedy remedy was necessary. He did not rise,
however, to discuss the question, but merely to answer the
question which the Nob'e Lord was desirous to ask of the
Lord Chief Justice if he had been present. That Noble
and Learned Lord had intimated his intention to bring in
a Bill for the purpose to which the Noble Lord alluded.
As it related to Ciown property it was necessary to apply
for his Majesty's consent, and as soon as that consent should
have been obtained he had no doubt that the Noble and
Learned Lord would be prepared to in+roduce his measure.
The Poor-rate Bill passed through a Committee.
Lord TEYNHAM rose to submit a motion which he
thought necessary fi om the present circumstances of the
country. He was happy that order was restored, but
still it was to be lamented that much distress existed.
That distress was attended with many lamentable circum-
stances ; and amongst the causes which deteriorated the
condition of the peasantry, the malt and hop duties had
biterto a principal and injurious effect. The petitions
which had been presented for the last two Sessions proved
the general existence of the distress. In another Hoes-
it was usual to print such petitions. The object of his
present motion was to found upon those petitions a pro-
ceeding which might lead to an alleviation of the misery,
which was too prevalent. He moved fir a classification
of the petitions which had been presented fur the last two
years, complaining of agricultural distress, stating the
names of the counties or [laces from which such petitions
came, the number of signatures which each contained, the
prayer of the petition, and other particulars. He called
for this classification with the view that resolutions might
be founded upon the petitions, such as the circumstances
of the ease required.
Earl GREY said that this motion appeared to him a
most extraordinary one ; and the mode which the Nob'e
Lord bad adopted for introducing it no less extraordinary.
He admitted that the distress which prevailed deserved all
the attention which could be bestowed upon it ; but he
was glad that the condition of the people was improving.
The Noble Lord had referred to a practice in the House of
Commons, which he (Earl Grey) should be sorry to see
adopted in their Lordships' House. It was the practice in
the House of Commons to print lae titions at great incon-
venience and expense-to the country,- and he thought that
that example ought rather to he avoided than followed
He knew of no similar duty being imposed
upon the officers the House of Commons, but he was cm-tab, that no such
duty devolved upon the clerks of that Rouse as to classify
these petitions, to which they. must devote a porition of
time, which would be impossible consistently with their
other duties. The Noble Lord could at any time refer to
these petitions, in the library of the House, or lie could
hay. tkesn produced upon the table for any occasion for
butting motion, if nut altogether
whim. ae required them ;
impossible to be complied with, would at least occasioit.
such an expense, and waste of time, that be was
sure their
Lordships would not consent to it. He believed that in
the instance of the Catholic Relief Bill a list was made out,
by order of the House, stating what petitions were for,
and what against the measure. Tbat was the only pre-
cedent, -and it would not answer the purpose which the

Noble Lord had in view. He (Earl Grey) was not ;A-
-clinett to consent to the motion.

Lord TEYNHAM said that, t.s it Appeared the motion
was attended with gret.4r difficulty than lie had supposed,
he would withdraw it, and he• hoped that, in calling the
attention of their Lordships to the petitions, he had done
all that he ought.

The London. bridge Approaches' Bill was read a second
time.

Lord WYNFORD said that, in consequence of the
absence of Noble and Learned Friend, he was induced to
postpone until that day se'nnight his Bill, which stood in
the paper for that day; and he hoped that his Noble and
Learned Friend on the Wools icy.: would have no objection
to adopt a ':)arse with his measure regarding
lunatics,

'The LORD CHANCELLOR said he willingly acceded
to the request of his Noble Friend, particularly as it would
not occasion any material delay. He proposed to go into
the Committee to-morrow, in order to fill up blanks, and
for other formal purposes, and should then have the Bill
reported, intending to re-commit it when his Noble Friend,
and his other Noble Friend, who ryat absent, would have
an opportunity of speaking tpon it.
Their Lordships t.d3ourned at Seven o'clock.
