LORD BROUGHAM.

(From the York Courant.)
(mat, though not imlooketefor eyents have takeu place since
our last. The tiorsseauerde Cabinet has fallen before the voice
order people tittered even in an eareforrnot Parliament. Within
a very few days After the empty boast, made by the late Premier,
that the Administration possessed the confidence of the people, A
trintnithent majority against them in the House of Commons,
lute convinced them that they were considered no longer trest-
worthy. The news of this Important change has been receive,"
we may venture to say, universal delight. 1 he people
know, that the peculiar circumstances under which the sums.
sore of the turned-off Ministers take otlice,_ be those successors
whom they may, must prove a guarantee for their acting upon
upon the principle* of strict economy, Parliantentaty Reforms
and nonAnterference with the policy of the people of other states.
To dot'in any way contrary to these would ensure against there
a burst of popular iudignation, wih' would immediately hurl
them from their places. Knowing these things, we look (Deward
to their pilotage with hope, and though adverse breorea may rein
continue to agitate the waters in whiolt the state vessel gild 'we
shall not indulge in over-4214(ms !hers for her ultimate Arrival in
a haven of prosperity and peace in looking over the list of Mini.
seers, we must winless that we feel rather eurprised at one appoint.
meet—ave alludeto the office of Lord Chancellor. which is 36"
figned to Mr. Broug-hhem one of the representatives of this county,
In which situatione Apressed himself as having attained the
highest honour to which his ambition could aspire. We Onion
reooncile Mr. Broughern'a taking alike, with the tissertiori he is
reported to have made In the /louse of Commons, on ThestlaY
last, when he was requested to postpone his motion for Reform
in Parliament. On that ocesaion, the Hon. and Learned Op;
time!) said—" I throw myself, hilly, freely, and respectfillif u
the House. If the motion be put ote I own it will he contras* to
my oelnion'arld to my wishes; the limas* may be right or it malt
be wrong; l may be right or I may bo wrong ; but 1 think I sin
right, and 1 beg it, therelbre, to be understood that what I 0.1
do in deference to the wishes of the House. And furtheri'la.n°
change that may take place in the Administration .ettle.oy OIL
mean* affect me, I bee it to be understood, that, in putting on
the motion, I will put it off to the 2lith of this month and no
longer. I will then, and at no more distant period, bring fOrMilli
the question of Parliamentary Reform, WinittfVel nosy be the
(titian of circumstances. and whosoever may he his Majesty's Mi.
mister'. " We are Aware that an explanation has been attetneled,
and that it has been urged with.attire ingenuity than plein•
dealing, that the earnest tiolieltetions tif Earl (trey, and the Ile
presentation of that. Nobleman that Reform would be one of the
measure, otthe Goventment, anti that-tivtreibr. Mr Brouskpi

might consistently Coke office, overcame his peev;ously fixed de.
termination to stand aloof.—This may be Court reasoning-it
may be in aceortlance with the politic doctrines of expediency,
but it is not tom' taste,* the odtpriug of unsophisticated manly
independence. We shall, hoWeyer, here tllsmigs this subject,
knowing that perfection is not to be looked for in Any Adrnmis.
tuition. Generally speaking, we think the country is warranted
in placing great colnddence in, and entertaining high expectations
from the exertions of the new Administration. and We would
therefore indulge snore in the anticipations of the ()poling pros.
fleet, than dwell updn the transient chnul Mach Islay Inner over
the ground from whence we take our view:

(From the Sheffield Mi.)
The most remarkable, and to us the most important particular
Aof the foregoing piitnfitments, Is the deletion of Mr. Brougham
to the woolsack. It is not because the acceptance of this, the
highest legal dignity which the Crown can confer upon a sub.
Ject,- will aftbrd a strong handle to the enemies of the Learnea
Gentleman, and the opponents of his politics, nor even because
Yorkshire will require a new representative, that, this removal
of Mr. Brougham from the House of Commons is a matter ofhn-
iortance—it is mainly with reference to the effect of this ar-
rangement on Parliamentary reform and the:abolition of slavery,
and those great questions upon which the talents and char:tett r
of Mr. Brougham Were pledged, that the subject assumes its
most consequential aspect. (its these topics, as involved in the
future conduct of their late most able advocate, we shall only say
that we have the fullest confidence that the only difference
which this new order of things will make, wilt be, that the re.
forms looked for so confidently, instead Of touting from, or being
mainly dependent upon, the Member for Yorkshire, will be car.
ried under the higher, and perhaps more successful, though eel..
tainly less popular auspices of Govermaent, Ihr we have no more
misgivings as to the certainty of the abolition of slavery and an
enlarged representation of the people being carried, than of their
absolute necessity. At the same time it becomes the imperious
duty of the freeholders of the county of York, in selecting a
new Member, to fix their choice upon one who, if he have not
the talents and experience of Mr. 1401411m0, Shell possess at
least his determined opposition to existing abuses, and his •
avowed resolution to seek and secure those great reforms which
time and circumstances have rendered indispensable in the ad.
ministration of the Government of this country. Why should
not Lord John Russell be invited to accept the honour of repre-
senting Yorkshire? True, he is no more a native of this county
than was Mr. Brougham himself; but as his name, Isis polities.
and his conduct, are all allied with every thing that Is noble mid
ennobling in the character of a Stateaman, as his Lordship is dia.
engaged, and as Yorkshire ought not to have a dumb or diffident
successor to Lord Milton or Mr. Brougham, we submit to the
men of Yorkshire, who returned the gentleman last named.
whether Lord John Russell, as the illustrious advocate of civil
and religious liberty, and the judicious asserter of his country's
claims to every practical amelioration, shunt& .not be regarded
Has live man taw's= the inhabitants of this important and hints.
ential county ought to send to represent them In Parliament,

Since writing the above, and just as our paper was ifoing to
pre's*, we received a communication, some particulars of which
we give below, on such high authority, that our readers may
fully rely on the authenticity of the statements
hitscr--Mr. Brougham has, atter holding out for two days be-
fore he would consent to give up Yorkshire, reallraccepted the
office of Lord Chancellor. Yorkshire has now onlythree Members.
Secosn—Manchester, Sheffield, land max, other large towns
are to send Members to Parliament.
Tinno—The King has expressed himself In favour of Puha-
mentary Reesrm.
FOURTH—Several other questions, in which the country has
recently taken the deepest interest, will be settled in a way which
is likely to give general satisfaction,
While the electors of Yorkshire, who returned Mr. Brougham
to Parliament, will regret the loss to the county of such a dis-
tinguished Member, yet witli„us they will be reconciled to the
circumstance, by the assurance that the great objects they had
in view in investing him with the high office of representative
has been attained—and that all they wished, and wanted, and
sought fir to his election, may be considered as guaranteed by
his acceptance of office. We beg once snore to direct attention
to Lord John Russell as the fittest person to become Mr.
Brougham's successor in the representation of Yorkshire ; and
we submit to our influential townsmen the propriety of uniting
to'give the Noble Lord an invitation and the promise of their
support, We believe wo may say that this is the first distinct and
authentic announcement of what the country may expect, from
the ministerial changes which are taking place.

(From the Caledonian Mercury.)
In this sudden and extraordinary change there is nothing
more remarkable than the unexpected elevation of that wonder.
ftfi man, Henry Brougham, to be Lord High Chancellor of Eng.
land—we say unexpected, looking at his own declaration a few
days since, but certainly neither unlooked for nor undeserved.—
This leading spirit of the age, whom but the other day the Lou.
don attorneys were threatening to cashier, by refusing him their
briefs, merely for his attempts to supply the lieges with cheap
and expeditious justice, is now to he placed in a situation in
which his official influence will enable him to carry through
measures which the utmost exercise of his talents, unaccom.
panied by that, would have fallen short of It seems certain
that his scruples on this occasion have been a main obstacle to
the new arrangements being completed sooner ; whatever may
be said of others, we cannot help thinking that those scruples do
him honour, and it must be admitted that a refusal to accept
office until the principles for which he had all his BM been con.
tending were ethnitted to be principles of Cabinet action, is the
strongest moor that can be given of the refuser's sincerity and ,
firmness of adherence to them, It is impossible, however, lint
to feel regret If Mr. Brougham should, by his acceptance of the
Seals be removed from the great theatre of his glory, pre-
viously to his developement of the plan of Parliamentary Itetorm
which he hat been so long maturing. We sincerely hope that
the surmise is correct which alleges hat his entrance into office
will not take place until after that time. Whether that should
be the castor not, however, all must admit that the loss which
the House of Commons will sustain by his removal is of a kind
which will probably never be supplied, considering the stores of
learning, science, information almost universal, and eloquence
never surpassed, which were amassed In that one mind. In
exact proportion to the loss of the lower will be the gain of the
Upper House; he will confer far greeter dignity on the Peerage
than the Peerage will confer upon him.
(From the Manchester Mercury.)
Some doubt having been thrown en the appointment of Mr.
Brougham as Lord Chancellor, we are enabled to state, from a
private bource, that on Saturday last, In conversation with a gen.
tieman from this town, Mr. Brougham said he was then in office,
and, though the Chancellorship was not mentioned by name, the
office was spoken of in terms which could apply only to that of
Lord Chancellor, Mr. Brougham expressed a strong feeling of
regret at parting with his constituents in Yorkshire, and said he
hesitated two days before he could beindireed to give them Op,
In answer to an observation from the gentleman to whom we
have alluded, he said that Manchester was to have Members, and
many oilier plum besides, and, that the King had expressed him.
self in favour of Reform. ire also said that the questiorui of West
India Slavery and East India Monopoly would he settled to the
satisfaction of the country. On 'sieving the Court of King's
Bench on Saturday afternoon, Mr. Brougham took leave by
bowing to the Chief Justice, to each of the Puisne Judges, and
to the Bar, who all rose to acknowledge it. When asked to frank
a letter Parliament: h could not du it, AA he was wrotenger a ,Alern.
her of and some letters which he In the Court
of King's Bench, were, we believe, franked by another gentle.
man at the liar, who is in the House of Commons.

PUBLIC MEETING TO PETITION FOR

REFORAI IN PARLIAMENT.

(From the Boston Gazette of Tuesday.)
A public meeting was yesterday held at the Guildhall, in this
town, to consider of a petition to Parliament, praying fur Reform,
Reduction of l'iniation, and Vote by Ballot.
More than 300 persons assembled and the proceedings corn.
moored about half peat twelve o'edocir.
Air. of ARLES WRIGHT proposed that Mr. Staniland should I
be called to the Chair, which was seconded by Mr. J. NOBLE.
Mr. STANILANI) then read the requisition which bad been 11
sent to the Mayor, requesting him to call a public meeting. The
Mayor stated in answer, that, as he entirely differed in opinion
with the requisitionists as to the object of the meeting, Inc de.
clined calling the meeting, but granted the use of the Hall for
the purpose. A notice convening the meeting was afterwards
signed by Het tradesmen and others, and they hadaticeordingly as-
s,ewrh elhecneetbttilyede.traln'ehielreoabsjecwtolutidasmtaoktenittil)teioiniotbusre
ra4ncoeheitmliniuornistyliol fatehte,
now was in name, the Representative of the People.
itChairmanonly now
concluded by entreating that every speaker
might be allowed a tree and patient hearing, declaring that if
interruption were oftbred to any speaker he would that imminent
leave the Chair,
Mr. ISAAC REcKirr had the greatest pleasure in submit.
tins the first resolution, inasmuch as he felt confident that It
would meet with the entire approbation of she meeting, as it
came home to the ockets of them elk (He then road the reso.
zol :trot idl Doi n „on
longer
Thisdispute
)et th an adequate
04 ieresolutioncticontainerle
traderemuneration,
were truthsgrm
aidtto y
decreased,palpable
great 5 tr oe admitlabour
Tailed among all classes of the community. It became the duty
of every one, then, to inquire what were the causes : and fore.
most in the list, he should say, wits excessive taxation. The
tawirecssit.eintrtionlol
enjoyments hi;t4mrnnYle was
rt:hhd(e tithes
ucwio'.rm(e:trhitutii comforts. °P.
classes;
awe millionsn
ilaidsnmwedp elona
dtaere ei
niviyete thatorYinenlauhrcehs e fromen or mt their
s
sums had so long continued and still continued to be taken front
the indtuttious classes. There was a body of Representatives
said to be chosen by the people, and if the country had not made
proper application to that body, it was quite time they did....
(littar.)..ellut he was certain that the country wits not now fairly
represented, and he feared it would not be so as long as the pre-
sent abominable system of election was continued : the grand
touchstone would be election by ballot.—( Loud applause.)—!if
election by ballot was obtalued all undue influence would cease,
fur if a man would be base enough to take a bribe he would be
also base enough to betray his employer: if this was obtained
they 'night reasonably look for an atibetive representation, and
would ones mere become a Routishing empire, But if
the resources of the thdtilittlMllll were taken from them and given
to the idle and flissolutei it was sic wonder that the people suf.
renal while the other* flourished. But he sincerely trusted that
the time wee rapidly drawing on when the voice of the people
would be heard and attended to in the Senate.-.(Laud applause )
Mr. EARTOL seconded the reaolution, which being put by
the Chairman, was carried with ono solitary exceptiOn
Dr. I'EItREY proposed the second resolution in a speech of.
considerable length and animation, prefacing his remarks by a
rtnv ddeclarationitwh that, as a Minister of time Gospel, he had not inter.
nntitleas but, as .a member of the community he,:eleinted
a right to give en opinion on the conduct of those Who were
placed at the helm of the State. If ten millions were annually
exacted for tithes, he would ask if that aunt was expended in
the aiftltstorm of the pure Gospel? was it not rather to keep up
the patronage of an expensive establishment ?—(Loud Applause)
Malt at a Otaaenter. ~11t) would say, tluit a great bulk of the
people were robbed of their property to slipped and inculcate
01041/principles which they did not believe It, be true.—(tlear,
hear.) The evils of this abominable system mould not be pour.
traYed in any terms usei in tbe Erigilish language copious' and
expressive as that language Wall nor could he give an idea of
half of the dangerous consequences ehich hail resulted to the
morals and religion of the ;ample, who were compelled topay
ten millions ayear, not far the support of an active and eillinent
ministry, but to pamper up a number of luxuriant Lardßishopt
who did nothing in return to advance the Morels or welnire of
the le Of Faigiend.—(Loud amts.) Those who advocated
this system of odious corruption made, °likes for themselves,
with names not to be found in the Scriptures; hence they had
not only Bishops but Archbishops; not Indy Deacons but
Archdeacons& and Ikans, and Su ears, Comm, and Areh"
canons, and he did not know how Teeny snore, who lived by
taxing the people.--if-4f the connection of the este-
bli'fiment with the Government were altogether abandoned, and
ptviriloccieedemixireithirtot
celrE:ay areligion inent stoadthweriPurdPiesu at
result; thheeie-olturtr;
at largo would
lly,
by the total abolition of the tything system. The speaker then
particularly the window tax, t hebited house duty, and thefarad
°ute imatateter,dhalte:'YrPtein7numprt'ritie°‘,ll"b:iut:esuteult4mticit'u:altialuy 'rga"nrid'oevimedoPtursitttuoltaxte
poor, tisrwooki, always come forward lii support I petition for time
ahnittialk cif teeti which oppressed the poor; lie amid not work.
a retracts' and put bread line the hut of poverty ; silver and
Pk' 1*
, ad Hope, but he had the right principles 414 feelings
40 4 man, and such he would give to his pour fellow-Countel.
then. Ile hoped that Englishnien generally would infono their
Representatives ed the distress under which they laboured ;
and he thought those who did not attend to the prayers of their
eonstituents, and who voted habitually contrary to their wishes,
were not worthy of being considered Represelitativia, Such
Perion was an anemaly, and no tenger fit to occupy a seat in
Parlisment. I,ifteen years had England hettiset peace, and the,
people had re ntitined in a state of stupor and lethargy, but now
they appeaved to be corning forward head endhaat, and dectai.
ing thin they would use lewd and constitutional mesas% regain
their rights. Clod forbid that theysholildliteanY nth"' l eP".. parity via
6.22u2DOrcial country depeettest prineipally upon it* coin-
" far as pumtiblo, unfttatirott ; and how WAS it
possible lbr England to compete with, the. other stations of the

World unless their tetimecesive tenthees Were" tenreileti Or eine.
Bursted. They had heard much talk about economy and re.
trenchment, but it was only iffiV old tale over again: every sal.
ministration in his recollection had telked in the smear/sin, end
1004 Of them had talked of Reform. lint tee Noble Puke et
Wellington hail the audacity to declare. thst Mere should not be
the slighted possible Iteterm.—(Lood applause.; When Mr.
Wilke was speaking et Room he said he did not come to appose
the Duke of Wellingtort's Mirtletry, and, said the speaker, ray
heart leaped with joy at the arertenewenient t for remembering
What the Duke's Ministry had done fir frAernnis the civil rights
of the petegte T hoped they would have came Ibrwant with at
least a moderate ret.eree But you may judge how greatly I have
been mistaken, when I re.4l the hold assertion I have alfttded to,
seenreled as it w:u by Sir It. Peels seserfloh that he had alwaya
voted against reform and always should de; so. Had these Mi
resters hi hi ()d I ice :an convinced that the anises and corrals.
Ilona of Parlidadent would' have been overlooked, fat they were
detennlited to say, " it was in the beginning, is now, and
ever shall be."—(Loud apelintre.)
Mr. THO NI AS It ECKITT earettfeil Oda lament ion.
Mr. TIIO MAS SMli ii, in moving Me ifilni reaplation, had
great pleititire lit decliding his belief the the Alec or all their
wishes was likele toisieeneried into execution by the grand and
patriotic change which had tsteilplace in the ioveitnniefff, But
they must not presume too ranee alum his, for the late
vent 'would combine with the old TorMe to frustrate the plans of
the new Administration. Mr. Sneth then reed en extract from
one Of Mr. Iltime's speeches in the House of eennnness try
which it appetred that savings might herniate in the eisperteliture
which would allow of the repeal of the whole of the assessed
taxes. Where was the tilfhtyche would ask, of maintaining a
Vast array and navy in time of Mite: The intention was a-
Violl4 • it was to put down the rising ridtit of liberty, which, it
the hoarse of Commons did net reform itsef Within would re.
Berri it Irma Without with a vengeance. The prt,sotnt state of
the representation was a mimplete buries lie, and nothine more
clearly proved this than tee elembers voting away thousands for
officers, when similar duties were performed in America for as
many hundreds. Until the people wile preperly and fairly re.
presented, they could not expect a lading (Tangy for the better
and no way could this be so well secured as by 'Ming by ballot.
Mr. CIIII INeOpel Elt 111. A DES seconded the resorption.
Mr. JOHN NGIILE proposed the fourth resolution, and in s s
doing said—this is abe ter 'remit than any I can make, yet
will address a few tennis to my renew tpwnsmen. I need not tell
this 'fleeting, numerous and respeetableat it is, that the country
generally, from John O'(lroat's house to the ,L.end's end, re.
sounds with the cry of distress. Tr:Welton,' feel it in the caliber
ott'of bushiest, diminution of profits, and a difficulty getting
their bills in. Bet we have been told by one set of state doctors
that the distress is caused by over production ; that there is such
an abundance of produce there ate not people enough to eat it
then another set of state doctors say the distil, is owing to there
being too 'flatly people to cat the food.—(Loud laughter,) We are
weighed down by taxation, but if we had a fair representation
this would never have been agreed to; but vote by balint will
set all right. 1 am unfriendly to exclusive privileges; you all
know that I am ti native of this town,..end have spent all my life
In it, I have paid an immense sum in tastes, and yet I haves*
vote, nor share in the representation of the borOtieh, Andsartly
is Obi, have I mit AS much right se others Ikes(elttai, heir.)
shall conclude with preppie'', the reataiutiore
Mr. NV. BOWLES, 'elicitors seconded the reeelution. '
Mr. RECKITT then read the .petition; together with the
resolutions, which were Agreed to ultanimously.
Mr. W. SMALL, surgeon, in proposing the beet resolution,
said, if you wish to know what it is that now Weals me to ad.
dress you, I will tell you that it is because I have taken a ge.
neral survey of society. I have seen the Ivor num gazing upon
his ragged and weeping and hungry family, himself weeping
from a consciousness of his inability to supply their wants. I
have seen the plodding and industrious tradesman bound down
by oppressive taxation. It is our duty to petition fora cessation
of these evils, and .. England expects everyman to do his duty."
Let us take a survey of our Governor!, anti begin with the King
—God blet" him !—(Loud applause.).4 believe he feels for his
people, and that there never eat a truer son of old England upon
the throne of these realms. He has moved In diftbrent spheres
of life; he has walked the quarter deck. As it respects the
House of Lords, they never had the fate of this country in their
hands. Whenever the people have suffered, it has been through
the treachery of those falsely called their reprteentativee—(Hear,
hear.)--There is every encouragement for us to conic forward,
and I call upon you to give a long pull, a strong pull, anti a pull
altogether.
Mr. J. HARTLEY seconded the resolution.

fileiliailksßll7e Meeting were returned to the Chairmen,
who replied in a neat speech, and the meeting dissolved.

THE MARKETS.--(THIS DAY).

CORN EXCHANGE.

The arrivals this week are moderate. except of Barley, the
quantity of which is tolerably large. The Wheat trade remains
as reported on Monday, with little dot g. Barley continues to
'nett a slack sale at Monday's terms. Mans anil Pease are un.
altered. Oats are rather heavy in sale at Monday's prices. In
the Flour trade no alteration.
A RILIVALL

"""i*
411111? Y.
3 041$.0
" Flour.
English . 1,200 qrs. , qrs. ~., qrs. ~, date c
trio, ~ ~„ , .......... --- sdi ..--....
Foreign e.o.m 4O .--- --- --- brls.

HAMBURG MARKETS.--Nov. 19.

IiORSEN ALLE—The sales of Wheat have been gory in.
considerable, and were chiefly taken by our own consumers.
The arrivals from the interior of this year's Grain were gene.
rally deficient in weight, and it war with dittlCU that any per.
tion of them could be sold. /tye also is less in demand than ft
was. The demand for Harley of best quality maintains Itself;
inferior qualities continue difficult of sale. Oats are heavy; the
supplteo received have been tolerably large, but only a midi
part found buyers. Rapeseed heavy.
From the Bth to the 12th inst., both days included, 54
of Corn passed through the Sound, of these four were boo
London, eight for Guernsey and Jersey, twenty.four for Dutch
ports, &e.

Weight. Rix dollars.
Dantzta Wheat.....— I`l4l to RM...." —,. to
Pomentottur 124 to 128 —to
Atthalt, white !Otto 124 110 to 185
--- red 122 to 126 150 to 100
Danish
11.totaie Rye llB to 12:2 100 to 104
Ilidand 118 to 1Z I 0 to 105
i.httn5b..............................................118 to 120. 83 * 41:1
Peter.hurgh end Riga 118 to 122 100 to 100
Megdeburgh Raley (IA to IN OO to 85
Attn4lt 00000000 ........... ....... ........ ........ 10 to 104....• On to dit,
liol.toin ..............0..........0, .. . ... 100 to 100.......... to ...
Upland Oats ...„ ..... .......... .......... ... co to 171 5B 07 ig
htecklettburgh O6 to 74 5O to
i)ottigh ........ 00 to 70...... —to ....
Poiner4olan hislt ..- to —...... 08 to 70
Pease, yellow, Upland
iitgateill Rapeseed.. ....... .................... ..... to .....% 200 to 215

The following table shows the quantity of (train Imported and
exported during the week, as also the quantity supposed to re.
main on hand for sale
Lasts Imported. Lasts Exported. Stock an Hand.
Wheat .........

Ryc
Barley
('fats
Malt
Buckwheat c# 0 l5
Pease 37 l5, 5O
Beans a 1 5O
Tares 0 1 0
Rapeseed

In consequence of higher prices from Paris, Amsterdam, and
Berlin, funds for the end of the month were In demand to-day.
'lnwards the close, however, the sellers became more numerous
than the buyers, and prices left oft' lower than at the opening.
Discount 8 per cent. _ _ _

End of November.
Anglo-Danish Leah 5 per Cent farii
Anglo-Russian Loan tal
Hamburg- Russian Loan te4ll
Polish Bondi ION
Austrian Bank Sham. 1030
New Austrian 4 per Cents. Bl6
New Hanoverian Loan
Exchange upon London, at two months ....... 13 h,
at eight
_.. 13 0%
_ Amsterdam, at two months, 35 $O-100
Paris
Petersburgh, at two months, ti 9-10
.—liatnburg Reporter, Nor. IP.

We have authority to contradict the report to
which publicity was given in the strand edition of the
Courier of last night.—if any authority WAS Iltetieiry,
beyond that of common sense, to negative a rumour so
exquisitely absurd c—" Them is a report this afternoon, in
the political circles at the west end of the town, that
several ugh, plum will he created, so that the new Csbi•
net will consist of 20 tnewbert..•.Glob►.

UNLUCKY CONTHRTEMPaem—A new London
Evening Paper was published for the first tint. on Monday'
last. The following is an •estriet from its leading article
We are independent in feeling, and on the very basis
of our independence shall aspport the "Me of Welliny.
ton as iifinitfer."—lss the Duke ceased to be Minister the
morning after this wits written, we prehurne the Albion
ceased to be published; that it hiund its occupstion gone,
and never reached a second number ; least we have nel.
flier seen nor beard of a sevoad..—lifanditster Guardian.

On Monday last we stated correctly the title
of the new Loan , CHASCII+I,OIt; but at the Court Cir.
cular gave en erroneous account yesterday, it is proper to
explain a Matter which, however trifling, may as well be
accurately known its riot. The words of the style in the
patent are, " Baron HAMMIat and VAtilt, of Brougham,
in the county of Westmorland ;" not " Broughain.hall"
nor " Winsdale." Brougham is an ancient manor, which
we believe has been in the family since the time of Enwatin
the Conresson, and Vault is a barony in fee, of which
the Loan CUANCICIAWL is heir-general. The point is a
mere trifle, but there le no good reason why error should
prevail even in trifles. The Gazette of last night shows
that our statement was current.—Timer.

We publish the declaration this day with the
Signatures. There MO upwards of 40 Peels, many 01
theat'hitherto considered Orange, and the array of gentle.
men and professional men is greater than has been affixed
to any documents, with the exception of the Prottatsot
declaration, within our memory. Tha 01114 e of common
sense ASA of truo petriotlem has triumphod,..Dstigin
.Setning Post.

We understand that a marriage is on the
tapis between the cider of a Noble Lord, who has lately
been vary conspicuous in the et etioneering politics of this
county, and the eldut con of an Honourable Gentleman,
once the RlCCOltDitik of Exeter, and now holding s high
situation AN Aret clerk of the louse of Lorde....,,F.eatir

COMMERCIAL TzLzattAvit.—.A. prospecius
Ku been issued by Lieut. NIOLRISOtia of Liverpool, to Aim
a telegraph from Dover .to, Liverpool, by way of Loudon
and Ihrmingbam, for the oonveyttxtee al mounts, orders,
inwiligence, lac., at the rata or 100 wilco in lb minutes.
It is to be 40%440 cl.i.fly to the nie of commercial own,
and messages may be sent with perfect secrecy. The twat
of the establishment is estimated at 11,000/. The only
deka in telegraphic communication, but which is a serious
drawback on its wonderous powers, Is, that it tattnOt tw
used ig buy weather... Yorh Courant,
