FINSBURY.

The nomination for the Parliamentary candidates for
the Borough of Finsbury was appointed for Islington
Green. The hour of meeting named, was 12 o'clock,
We reached the spot at half-past 11, and there were
scarcly any persons assembled at that time, and no one
upon the llustings except Mr. Wilkinson, a young gentle.
man, an attorney in St. Thomas Apostle, who acted as
deputy to the returning officers, he posilvely refused to
allow us to get upon the Hustings. Mr. Wilkinson knew
our reports personally, and that he was from the
pro:. Mr. W. said the accommodation was so limited
that we could not be limited, at all events without
the production of a ticket, tickets having been sent to all the
newspapers. We assured him that no ticket had been sent so
h have brought it :with us,
our establishment, and contended that even if there had, know_
log as he did, though we might not
he ought not to refuse us admission. He replied, he had re-
ceived his orders, and could not disobey them. We submitted
our right to be admitted; Mr. Wilkinson was :positive, and we
were thereforeiunder tee necessity either of returning home, or
of taking our place in front of the hustings amongst tee electors
and spectators—of course our duty compelled us to adopt the
latter course. Now we beg to enquire if the public are to endure
such a person as Mr. Wilkinson is to be at liberty to take:upon
himself to exclude the press from the aid and information
which the public have a right to expect from from the admis.
sion of its reporter ; or w:o is he that can take upon himself
to clothe Mr. Wilkinson with the authority he assumed ?
Surely the candidates have a right to complain of this conduct,
as have we ourselves and the public at large. We know fir
one thing that Mr. Wilkinson is not on the liberal side of the
question, but is he therefore to be at liberty to make a hole
and corner meeting of such a proceeding as the election of two
members to serve in a new and reformed Parliament
for the Boro) of Finsbury ? After one reporter had taken his

WESTMINSTER.

The hour appointed for the nomination of candidates to
represent Westminster was twelve o'clock, hut the candidates,
with their respective committees, did not arrive till one. The
usual forms having been gone thtough, Sir Francis Bur-
dett and Sir John C. Hobhouse were put in nomination
by Mr. Higdon, Mr. Pouncy, Mr. Lindon, and Mr.
Marchant, but the uproar was so great, and the accom-
modation for reporters so bad, that it was impos.
slide for us to catch a word of what any
the gentlemen said. Indeed, the confu-
sion of the first half hour was greater than we
ever recollect to have seen, but no actual outrage was
committed, except the throwing of one handful of mud
at Sir Francis Burdett, whose person received a part of it.
Dr. BAINBRIDGE came f trward to nominate Colonel
Evans, and was received with loud and repeated cheer-.
The electors were at this moment assembled to decide
whether the principle of the Reform Bill was to be carried
into paratical operation.—(Hear.) Formerly Westminster
served a beacon to guide the whole country to purity of elec-
tion. but now there was reason to apprehend that this great
city, if they didenot rise from their lethargy, would find
itself in the situation of a nomination borough. To prevent
this a large proportion of the electors had determined to
support the hon. and gallant candidate whom he now had the
honour to nominate. His services against the external enemies
of the country were probably known to most who heard him,
and his exertions against their domestic foes, since he had a
scat in the House, had not been less persevering. He had fur-
ther given most satisfactory guarantess for his future conduct,
with respect to the questions which would probably be pro.
pounded to the first Reformed Parliament.--(Hear, hear.)
He was shackled by no party, except the party of the people, and
was free to act in conformity witn the wishes of his constituents
pledges had lately been stigmatised in terms of most unquali-
fied abuse, but they were no novelties. The patrons of nami-
nation boroughs exacted pledges from those they sent to Par-
liament The Covernment exacted pledges from its servants,from
The people had seen the advantages the Government derived
from pledges and had determined to follow its example. They
were accused of inconsistency by opposing Sir J. Hobhouse.
After reelecting him on his acceptance of office.
(Hear.) Perhaps it was fair to give him that
trial, but he had triad lt, and had been found wanting.—
(Cheers, with a few cries of " No, no.") Had he not sanc-
tioned the disfranchisement of 10,000 of his own constituents
by the restrictive clause in thd Reform Bill ? Did he oppose
the augmentation of the army. or advocate the suspension of
fl.geing for a year. No, he had alone none of those
things. The Hon. and Gallant Colonel before them on
the other hand had told them that he would support vote
by ballot, the repeal of the Septennial Act, the repeal of
the taxes on knowledge, and the house and window-tax.
Is there anything revolutionary or destructive in this ?
(No, no ) But even if so, was not the Right Hon. Ba-
ronet ti e warmest advocate of all these measures in former
tirms? But besides this, Colonel Evans had told them
that he would support a sweeping church reform, the
spread of educ titn, a reduction in the army, and the
abolition of sinecure,. and unmerited pensions, of all mono
polies, of Sturges Bsuane's Act, and of slavery. Of
course the means of accomplishing all these various
objects musi be left to the judgment and discretion of their
representatives, but they had a right to know whether they
would determine that !such I legitimate fruits of the :Reform
Bill should ere be gathered. Mr. Bainbridge, concluded by
th?. Premier down to the exciseman, officers in the army,
even if they had served for twenty years, were
pledged at every fresh promotion. It was the
same in the navy, and every other department of the
State, nay the King himself was obliged to give
a pledge in his Coronation Oath ; and Members of Parliament,
before they took their seats, were obliged to give a pledge to
the King? Why, th:n, he would ask, should not those
same Memkers give a pledge to the people 2—(Cheering.)....._
nomihating Lieut.-Colonel De Laco Evans as v fit and
proper person to represent Westminster in Parliament.
Mr. SIMPSON seconded the nomination, and said that
if the reasons given by the Gentleman who
had just spoken for supporting Colonel Evans caused a
man to be denominated a " destructive," he was proud
to say he was a most determined distructiee. He
wishtd to destroy the monopoly of corn, by which

a body of alefisii landholder;:iitteropted to itlll their

onsn pockets by creating an artifical scarcety.—(Cheors )
He wished to destroy the overgrown establishment of the
church.—(Loud cheers.) He would destroy also the pen-
sions and sinecures enjoyed by the basest scum of society,
and if any of the candidates before them were unwilling
to do so, they were unfit to be their representatives. There
was a ;time when " Westminster's pride and England's
glory " would face you all as electors, but will he do so
now ?—(Loud cries of " No, no.") They were all an.

sinus tha Mr. Hume should be returned far Middle.
sex, but Sir Francis Burdett had told the gentlemen
with him. Now Sir Francis Burdett bad not right to
allude to Mr. Hume's private character, and if he alluded
to his public character, it was clear that he differed from a
man of whom they all approved. Their old members had
giv( n them abunstdrice of pledie., but nom one of them
dared to say that they wire fools because they demanded
pledges. He would only. a.!swer by saying: that he could
look round, and see the knaves that refused to give
them.—(Cheers and laughter.) They had been frequently told
by Sir Francis Bureett and Sir John Hobhouse that any mem_
her of an administrattion was unfit to be !their representa
tive, but now the senior candidate before them was-
pleased to say that he would rather be tnrned
out with Hobhouse, than remain in without him. Now if they
did their duty, they would turn them out. (Cheers) His fiast
and greatest objection to Sir J. Hobhouse, was that that Gent.
was in office and he would not place a man in a situation to audit
his own accounts. In 1819, Sir John, then Mr. Hobhouse, said

—" Should Ihe elected, I shall be the work of your hands
alone; to you alone shall all my gratitude be due ; for you
alone will every effort be employed. To you I shall look for
support, for advice, for admonition, and for orders ; for cer-
tainly, Gentlemen, if a representative is not to represent his

conststuents—if he is not to be the organ of their injunctions—
his name is misapplied, his office has been hitherto misunder-
stood." How had the Hon. Gentleman performed the

promises he then made ?v Badly indeed, and he trusted that
the electors would take this opportunity of showing their sense
of his conduct•—(Loud cheers.( Mr. Simpson, after alluding
to a reported attempt which had been made by the

Treasury, to compel Mr, Fenn, of ('haring Cross,
to give his vote for Sir John Hobbouse, concluded by saying

that when the Hon. Harts. had heretofore pronounced certain
things, the Reform Bill had not passed, and it was impossible
that they could perform their promises.—)Loud cheers.)
He would not say that the Hon. Baronets had made those

promises, because they knew they could not be performed i but
this he would say, that since those promises were possible of

performace, they had heard nothing of them.

The na►nes of the candidates were then put by the Highßailiff's
clerk in succession. We shouln think that the hands held

up in favour of Sir John Ilobhouse hardly amountep to one
hundred. (There were at 2,500 persons before the hustins.)
About double the number was held up in fayour of Sir F. Burdett

and nearly those of the whole assembly in favour of Colonel
Evans. The High Banff then declared, that to the best of his
judgment, the show of hands was in favour of Sir Francis Bur-
_

(lett and Colonel de Lacy Evans, an announcement which was

received with loud cheers.

Mr. DE VEA R On behalf of Sir John Hobhouse then
demanded a pole, which was granted. After some dis
cossion as to who in point oof should first address the

cicetors.

Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said he could not help express-.
ing his gratification, Ivhatever might be the result of
the present contest, at the triumph of a public principle—
d) it principle which he had advocated for so many years.
Ile was now as ready to descend among them to battle in the
ranks in favour of public happiness as he had been anxious to
discharge his duty in the eminent situation they had placed
him for so long. No man could deplore more than
hr did that which had Taken place to split and divide
the popular interest in Westminster ; but he thought he
thought lie could safely bay, that it did not arise
from any pars of his own conduct.—(Cries of " No, no,"

stand with other gentlemen of the press, who had likewise been and tome hisses.) With respect to pledges,
refused admission to the hustings. in front of Mr. Johnson the nominator of his opponent on the rieght had spoken as if he
superintendent of the police went and interceded with Mr. (Sir Francis Burdett) had said that ' none but fools asked for
Wilkinson on our behalf, but with the same want of success pledges, and none but knaves gave them." Now what he had
that we ourselves had. He repeated his upplicalion but still really said was, that pledges were good for knaves, and attrac.
ineffectually. He then in the most polite manner of his own tive to fools.—(Cries of, That won't do; you can't recall it.)
accord, sent to his station house and obtained therefrom chairs He supposed, however, that whether a man were honest
a most commodious table which he placed in front for us,
or a knave they would trust him as long as b"
and set several of his men to keep the crowd off us and and to
n
i
protect us from every inconvenience, which hut for his great
were the same as theirs. But suppose a man
civility we must have been very much subject to. We cannot to to be a knave, although they might pledge him when
warmly express our gratitude for the mark of attcniion, on their interest dished, to prefer their's to his own,
the part of Mr. Johnson, and which formed the greatest con. whot security had [they that he would redeem his plede.
tfast to Mr. Wilkinson's conduct. We ought, likewise, too An honest man would do it without a pledge, and they
have stated that Mr. Johnson finding, he could not prevail on tot no security by the pledge from a knave. They would
Mr. Wilkinson to admit us to the hustings, went to some riot lend a knave ss. upon a promise that he would re-
neighburing home to Mr. Satchell, the returning officer, and turn it next week, but they wyuld lend it to an
applied to him on behalf of the Press. On his return, he honest mnn without any promise at all. The fact
(Mr, J.) stated to us, that gentlemen from the Press were to
was, that pledges were sham securities, merely afford-
be admitted to the Hustings. We had however iaken one •
stand in front by this time, and we declined to nig the means of deceit—were were sprynges to
catch woodcocks. Would any of themselves
go upon the Hustings, when it was so much
crowded. Mr. Wilkinson,who, after he found wehad give a pledge that they would think after
been pretty well accommodated by Mr. Johnsen in front discussion as they did now upon any important topic.
came round and told us we were then at liberty to go upon The Duke of York had pledged himself in the House of
the hustings, but we of course politely declined his offer, be. Lords against religious liberty, but every body had looked
cause for one reason, if we had accepted it, we would have left upon it as an absurdity, as in fact it was, and no
at length a tolerable comfortable place, to have taken some dis. honest, sensible, or upwriths man whose mind was
tant corner on the 'crowded hustings, where we could neither open to truth, would pledge himself to any thing. The
have heard nor written.
pledge that was spoken of, us being given by officers in the
At about half past twelve, the returning officer presented army and others, was an oath that they woulp do their duty in
himself upon the hustings, accompanied by the various candi. their lines of service. He had no objection to take an oath to
dates, and many of their friends. The writs and Acts of Par- do that which he was certain he should be obliged to do with-
liaments were then read, the oath against bribery was taken by out an oath. He appealed to them without fear, for, let the
Mr. Satchell, &c., and then Mr. S. coming forward, intreated result of this contest be whatever it might, he would still
the' electors to conduct themselve :with moderation, impar- be in some situation where he would, to the utmost of his
tiality, good humour, and good feeling, while the honourab:e power promote those great interests which would undoubtedly
candidates were nominated, and while those gentlemen might be brought under the considerotion of the country.—(Groans
seek to express their sentiments.
and hisses.) It would be needless to retain them longer, as
(We shall give the conclusion in a Second Edition., many of them seemed to think, and indeed, very
justly, that this was not a meeting at which political
discussion could be carried on. He would only add,
therefore, that whatever his situation in life might be,
to forward the happiness, and prosperity, and well-being
of the people of this country, would be his most earnest
wish.

( We shall give the Conclusion in our Second Edition.

MANCHESTER.

MANCHESTER, DEC. 7.—The election of two Mem-
bers to serve in the ensuing Parliament for this borough,
is appointed to commence on Wednesday next, Dec. 12.
The Boroughreeve and municipal officers of the borough,
having received the writs from the Crown-office, yester-
day, attended by the police establishment, in splendid new
liveries, proceeded to the front of the Town-hall, where
his Majesty's Proclamation, dissolving the late Parliament,
and declaring the calling of another, and the writ empow-
ering the electors to send two Members to the new Par-
liament, was read by the Boroughreeve. A great number
of persons were congregated in front of the hall to witness
the novel proceedings; and several hearty cheers were given
by the partisans of all the candidates, on the conclusion of
the ceremony. The Boroughreeve stated that the nomi-
nation of the candidates would take place in St. Anne's-
square, on the Wednesday, and that the polling would
commence on Thursday next in the respective districts
of the town formed for that purpose, and conclude on the
following day. The polling will he held under cover,
some in public and some in private houses, and the com-
mittee of each candidate intends to provide slight refresh-
ment for their respective voters. In those parts of the
town inhabited by the lower orders, such as St. George's-
road, which so frequently has been the scene of rioting,
on trivial provocation, from the depressed state of the poor
hand-loom weavers, there will be no polling station, the
authorities wishing to arrange the business in such a man-
ner as will be conducive to the peace of the town. The
special constables have received notices to hold themselves
in readiness to act at any time when called upon ; but
from the general appearance of election affairs here, it is
thought that every thing will pass off with perfect peace
and good order. The friends of John Thomas Hope,
Esq., the Conservative candidate, seem confident of suc-
cess. The Cobbett party had a meeting last night at the
White Lion, in Hanging-ditch, and nothing can
exceed the sanguineness of their hopes; indeed they
say that the promises of votes to him must, if
they all come forward, return him with a tri-
umphant majority. It is not, however, considered by
the inhabitants generally that he has what is termed " the
shadow of a chance." Mr. Poulett Thomson, the Hon.
Vice-President of the Board of Trade, it is supposed will
not appear in person on the hustings, in consequence of
his having pledged himself to appear amongst his Dover
constituents at the election. He has not, in fact, issued
a single address to the electors of Manchester offering
himself, with the exception of a letter, wherein he states
" the high honour he should feel to be elected their repre-
sentative unsolicited by him ;" had he done so, and ap-
peared here in propria persona, it is thought that he
would stand an excellent chance of being returned. Mr.
Mark Phillips, who is an advocate for the vote by ballot
and triennial Parliaments, addressed the electors at the
Black Horse, in Chorlton-row, last night. Both himself
and friends appear sure of success ; indeed, it is quite
laughable to hear the stories of the committees and sup-
porters of each candidate, the promises of votes which,
according to their account, have been received would
treble the number of the qualified electors ! In Salford,
the adjoining borough (which may be considered as the
Southwark of Manchester), the election take place on
the same day as Manchester. The candidates are Mr.
William Garnett, a retired merchant, and Mr. Brotherton,
a manufacturer, of the Cobbett school. Mr. Garnett is a
Conservative. A new candidate has come forward for the
borough of Oldham, in the person of a gentleman named
Burge, of London, on the Conservative interest ; the
opposing candidates are Mr. Fielder), of Todmorden, a
disciple of Cobbett's ; Mr. Heywood Bright, brother-in-
law of Benjamin Heywood, Esq., the late Member for
this county, and Mr. William Cobbett. It is said that
Mr. Cobbett's return for Oldham is beyond all doubt, but
" thereby hangs a tale." The 18th Regiment of Foot ar-
rived here a few days ago ; we have also the 15th
Hussars stationed at the barracks.
