SHIP Nriws.

sLANTApE, &c.

rtiTRACT OP A LP.TTF. ft Pli{ol AN (IFFICBT: OA
HIS MASBSTY's SHIP BANS.
Timmtrty Elvning, Joky 4,. Spit head.
" Itaie just arlived, last from Guathiloupe,
after a short passage of twenty-three th left
Bd
.-a.es on the 9th last Month, at which time
thelastii.receion there was nearly quelled, though
theisland stql rein ties under martial law. The
following of his nejesty's shpts were at anchor
there when We sailed : Antelope 50, Rear-Admiral

414"" ;'Tigris, Doverjraave, Weser, Thames,
Chanticleer-and Badger; the Admiral's ship had
been very sickly, and lust a number of men. We
touched in our route at the Islands of Martinique
and Guittlaloupe. Sir J. LEITH, dovernor of BAT-
bad°e3, was at the last-mentioned place. Pre-
vious to our sailing from thence, a vessel arrived
from the Spanish Main, with information of the
Insurgents at Margaritta having been joined by a
considerable htidy of Blacks iron St. Domingo.
Left at Guadaloupe his Majesty's ship gra ren, and
a French sloop of -var.
" The last time I wrote to you was from S!erra
Leave, on the 26th April, where we had just ar-
rived with two ;aloable prizes (Portuguese dive-'
ships). We Sailed the following tiny on receiv-
ing ioforitil#floii of two Spanish vessels slaving'at
the Winos, a fainorite trading place Of the Spa-
niards, about 100 miles to leeward of Sierra Leone :
bavinglight baffling winds, we found on our arrival
there that they had sailed threeilays before, and Car-
ried away 900 slaves. However, We were not alto.
gether disappointed, for the following morning we
fell in with and captured, after a chace of seven
bOurs, a large armed felucca, under Sian's!, co.
lot" called the Signora del Carmen, belonging to
Cadiz, and hound, when he had completed hii
cargo of slaves, to the 1-lavanna; hai,ing only one
months's provisions remaining. After dispatching
the prize to Sierra Leone, made sail for the %Vest
Indies; we were' not quite four months on the
coast of Africa, in which time we were fortunate
'enough to rescue from, slavery nearly 1000 un-
fortunate beings, and capture four valuable prizes.
" On the 15th May, in lat. 10. 37. N and
long. 19. 54. W. fell in with his Majesty's ships
Newcastle and Orontes, the former bearing the
flag of Rear-Adooral Sir P. MALCOLM, on their
way to St. HelenA, with the Commissioners for
the care of BUONAPARTE on board, all well, three
weeks from England."

DOVER, JULY 4.7-The Streatham East India•
tn4n went post ao-day for the River, and landed
here Sir Wit.i.Los Tioicows, Judge of the Sn-
preme Court in India ; Captains Sham and Ito-
liciersoN, MonTiAcK, :Mr. AUBREY/ Captain
bnuoLAss, Mr. Tnniatiii, Miss CARRUTHERS, and
Mr. and Mrs. Bo.vNESS By this ship we' learn,
that BUONAPARTE was well at St. Helena; seve•
ral of the pissengers had an interview with him
on the 14th May : he was very strictly watched
by Sir G. CooKuuat4 and Sir 11UpSON Lowe. Ile

is treated as a General, although he still aliects to

'be called and treated as an Emperor : be.was
dressed in a green coat, rather shabby than
otherwise, and appeared tit be .a very morose
'roan, 'iftilgar in his manners, particularly to two
Ladies 'Who had accompanied trim►t to St. Helena,
Herisked several questions respecting India, &c.

4.—Arrived, and sailed for the
Itiver, the Mose and Streatham, froM the East
Indies ; 'Lonisa, -COOK, from .Jamaica ; Peace,
ATKItesoN, front ; Dortithea,
.1)1)111 PilijatieliThia, 2S days from Antwerp, who
reports, the brig Wharton, FROST, was to sail for
London on the Sthi.lt'ine..--Wind S.W.
PonTsmouTn, 4.—Sailed yesterday the
Monarch tramport for Gnernsey, anti the lutists-
try ditto to the .East ward. Arrived to-day the
Eritahirill, Hunt; Irmo Gibraltar; Mary, Kt),
front BArceloya . Von Conde transport ; and Ms
Majesty's ship Bann irons Africa. Sailed the
Alcyon, Wavas, for Worrerdam, and the Geor-
gians transport for Wooklelt.---Wind W. S.W.
fAtmovra, Jo 2.—Arrived the Lady Louisa
'packet %via). a mail from Gibraltar; in days,
atnel the American ship Thomas Gordon from New
Vriettns, 'for 'orders.

Colonel LAspie, who -escaped front Aix-lit-
ints been nevem:Nl at Fleuri-Chapelle,
by to: Belgian Mareehatts44e.
" A ,"%ielnoi4. luta been preiented to the Institute
of Milan, the inti!oduction of the culture- of
;Ws o Loin tartly. The author, however, con.
„yikicle,t-S the elimilte of the southern provinces of
ISrtoce as more 1:,t: for this kind of. culture than.
AP,i/thuirdy. ' it does 110 t appear by any means jut-
Poslll7te tit natttr;.ll;ze ;if this country *plant which
gr"ws blithe north of COnat where thevlituute is
little Mit front out s." ilioniteur.)
l'ileexj)ctiorilt of the otili,sy Of ,the improved
Atetnaphtire jyttween the ltdmintitY and Chatiniql
(and }tot She(;ru.est, as has been .formerly rated),
take olive in ax,,v days, Nivni Lieutenants
" "ii-Puy are to superintend the working of the
..-,t'veral machines.
mulrolag a Woodcock was tittklied
-0."0.1 titnes'in a coppice,:in [wish of Whit-
tnes, hear li,keter • ,it was seen by several
.W.tlollll, who declai.'ed its appeivrotice, both in
sired
gtb to be
itt \vintcr.
