WE'DNESDAY. EVENING, OCTOBER 4, 1826.

horn the *LONDON GAZETTE, Ocr. 3.

War-Office, Oct. 2, 1826.

3d Regiment of Dragoon Guarda--Serjeant-Major William
Martin to be Adjutant, with the rank of Cornet, vice Bolton, pro-
moted in the 11th Foot.

13th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Frederick Thorold, Gent.
to be Cornet, by purchase, Viet Christie, promoted ; Staff-As-
sistant-Surgeon Thomas Gordon Stephenson, M.D. to be Assist-
ant-Surgeon, vice James Gibson, placed upon half-pay.
17th Ditto—Lionel Ames, Gent. to be Cornet, by purchase,
vice Welch, promoted.
Ist or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards—Lieutenant-Co-
lonel Edward Clive, from the half-pay, to be Captain and Lieu-
tenant-Colonel, vice Henry Stables, who exchanges ; Lieutenant
Frederick Peter Delme Radcliffe to be Lieutenant and Captain, by
purchase, vice Johnstone, promoted ; Charles Hulse, Gent. to be
Ensign and Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Radcliffe.
Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards—Robert Vansittart,
Gent. to be Ensign add Lieutenant, by purchase, vies Manning-
ham, who retires.

Ist RegiMent of Foot--Edmond Taylor Palmer, Gent. to be
Ensign, by purchase, vice Neville, promoted.

StiDittC).---Lieutenant Stanhope Bruce, from half-pay 53d Foot,.
to be Lieutenant, vice Walsh, appointed to the 50th Foot.
_ .

- _
sth Ditto—Captain George Allan, from the half-pay, to be
Captain, vice Agnew Champain, who exchanges, receiving the
difference.

17th Ditto—Lieutenant John Alexander Edwards to be Cap-
tain by purchase, vice Pratt, promoted ; Ensign John Darley to
be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Edwards; Charles Steele, Gent.
to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Darley.
21st Ditto—Robert Griffith Williams, Gent. to be Second
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Armstrong, promoted.
Stith Ditto—Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Thomas Shaw,
from the half-pay, to be Major, vice Sutherland, promoted.
36th Ditto—Captain George Knox, from the half-pay, to be
Captain, vice John Vincent, who exchanges, receiving the dif-
ference.

41st Ditto--Ensign Robert Shafto Orde, from the 37th Foot,
to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Hay, appointed to the 27th
Foot.

50th Ditto—Lieutenant William Walsh; from the 8d Foot, to
he Lieutenant, vice Robert Williams, who retires upon half-pay
53d Foot.

68th Ditto—Captain Henry Robert Ferguson, from half-pay
20th Light Dragoons, to be Captain, repaying the difference to
the Half-pay Fund, vice Eliot, promoted.
69th Ditto—Major. Sir Charles Cuyler, Batt to be Lieutenant-
Colonel, by purchase, vice Muttlebury, who retires ; Major Jo-
nathan Peel, from the half-pay, to be Major, vice Cuyler.
724 Ditto—Lieutenant-Colonel Charles. George James Arbuth-
not, from the half-pay, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, paying the dif-
ference to the Half-pay Fund, vice Felix Calvert, who exchanges ;
Ensign Thomas E. Lacy to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice
Garthshore, promoted ; Charles Thursby Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Lacy.

89th Ditto—Ersign Edward Sanford Miles to be Lieutenant,
by purchase, vice Dougan, who retires ; Mundy Pole, Gent. to
be Ensign, by purchase, vice Miles.

_ . .
IhiarracH ED.—To be Majors of Infantry, by purchasb—Capt.
John Pratt, from the 17th Foot; Captain Geo. Johnstone, from
the let or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards.
To be Captains of Infantry, by purchase—Lieutenant Arthur
Davies, from the let Dragoon Guards ; Lieutenant Patrick Chal-
mers, from the 3d Dragoon Guards ; Lieutenant John Murray
Garthehore, from the 72d Foot.

To be Lieutenants of Infantry, by purchase—Cornet George
Christie, from the 18th Light Dragoons ; Cornet David Burges,
from the 16th Light Dragoons.
BRlEVlM—Captain Wm. Ferns, of the 96th Foot, to be Major
in the Army; Richard Diggens, Esq. late Lieutenant-Colonel in
the 11th Light Dragoons, to have the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel
upon the Continent•of Europe only,
To have the rank of Major upon the Continent of Europe only
—Charles Irvine, Es' late Major of the 6th Dragoons Guards;
Charlee Mackenzie Graham, Esq. late Major of the 88th Foot.
Msztoaaxna.—The under-mentioned Officers have been al-
lowed to dispose of their half-pay

Major Henry Bowyer Lane, half-pay Royal Artillery ; Pay-
muter John Home, half-pay 93d Foot; Captain John Nicholson,
Retired List bth Royal Veteran Battalion ; Captain Alfred Barton,
half-pay 30th Foot; Lieut. Edward Grove Winbolt, half-pay
16th Foot; Lieut. Charles Minter, half-pay 21st Foot.
UNarracicen.—The undermentioned Officers, having Brevet
rank superior to their regimental commissions, have accepted pro-
motion upon half-pay, according to the General Order of the 25th
April, 1826

To be Lieutenant-Colonels of Infantry—Brevet Lieutenant-
Colonel Win. George Moore, from the lit or Grenadier Foot
Guards; Brevet Major Edward Pery Buckley, from the let or
Grenadier Foot Guards.

Cominiesions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of

Hertford.

Wm. Robert Phillimore, jun. to be Deputy Lieutenant ; G.
Hallam, Esq. to be ditto; Edmond Sexton Pery Calvert, Esq. to
be ditto.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
W. H. Stamp and W. Nichollaor., Norway Wharf, Weannininq
timber-merchants.

BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
T. Bourne, Wyke Regis, Dorsetehire, printer.

BANKRUPTS.

J Wallace, Liverpool, merchant, to surrender Oct. 30, 31, and
Nov. 14, at one, at the George Inn, Liverpool. Attornies,
Messrs. Adlington and Co., Bedford-row, London ; and Mr. T.
G. Massey, Liverpool.

A R. Pomeroy, junior, Brixham, Devonshire, banker, Oct. 13,
27, and Nov, 14, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners.--At-
Messrs. Egan and Waterman, Essex-street, Strand, Lon-
don ; and Mr. J. B. Smith, Dartmouth.

J. Jackson, Macclesfield, Cheshire, silk throweter, Oct. 19, at
five, Oct. 20, at nine, and Nov. 14, at three, at the Macclesfield
Arms Hotel, Macclesfield. Attornies, Meters. Bell and Brod-
rick, Bow Church-yard, London ; and Messrs. Grimaitch and
/lope, Macclesfield.
J. Taylor, Agecroft, Lancashire, calico printer, Oct. 14, 16,
and Nev. 14, at ten, at the Star Inn Manchester. Attornies,
Messrs. Ellis aua co., chancery-lane, London ; and Messrs.
Higeon and Bagshaw, Manchester.
A. Child, junior, Walcot,, Somsrsetshire, carpenter, Oct. 12,
at eleven, Oat. 14, at one, and Nov. 14, at eleven, at the Angel
Inn, Bath. Attornies, Mr. S. Fisher, Queen-street, Cheapaide,
London ; and Mr. R. H. Hellings, Bath.
J. Wheeler, Cardiff, Glamorganshire, builder, Oct. 20, 21,
and Nov. 14, at eleven, at the Angel Inn, Cardiff. Attornies,
Inn, London; and Messrs. Wit.
Meters. Holme and Co., New
Lame and Dalton, Cardiff.
W. Shns, Portses, Hampshire, grocer, Oct. 23, 28, and Nov.
14, at
twelve, at the India Arms Inn, Gosport. Attornies,
Messrs. Hahne and Co., New Inn, London; and Mr. Cruick-
shank, Gosport.
_ _J. Nuttall, Wirksworth, Derbyshire, saddle-maker, Oct. 17,
19.,:t eleven, at the King's Arms Inn, Derby, and Nov. 14, at
:it
B.
eTen., at
"the Bell Inn, Derby. Attorniee, Mr. W. Roberta, Ex-
Vir k chequer, 'con, London ; and Messrs. Swsetenbam and Andrew,
ir swm.th.
J. Ifirris, PI
torniee, M,
Nov. 14, In'aeth, Devonshire, joiner, Oct. 9, 10, and
Devonport. At..
London ; end Mr, Elliott's Royal Hotel,
Smith, Warnford-court, Tlsrogmorton-street,
'444 Devonport.
W. Dickenson, T, G niVIDENDS.
jun. Birmingham, bank°°"4ll, M. Goodall, and W. Dickenson,
Hotel, Birminghani......),e!"' Oct. -95, at twelve, at the Royal
street, glass-dealer Oct. _ . Graham, Union-street, Biskopsgate-
,knem_w. iiendersou'ili,v4v,, at twelve, at the Gout t of Commis-
colourman, Nov. 3, at ten,art ilc,k-row, Blackfriars-road, oil and
Smith, Cranbourne-street, Lei: e Court of Comrnissioners-.-C.
at eleven, at the Court of (I:4er-square, silk mercer, Oct. 27,
mmissioners-4. B. Inglis and J.
Inglis, Mark-lane, merchants, Oct,
27,' at ten, at the Court of
Commissioners—W. Randall, Hi!h Holborn, grocer, Oct. 24, at
ten, at the Court of Compile
street, bill-broker, Oct. 27, at Triell,--E. Hickman, Lombard-
sioners—E, Lingston, Manclemvt en, at the Court of Commis-
at two, at Mr. Atkinson's office, cotton-merchant, Oct. 25,
Long-acre, coach-joiner, Oct. 26, ancheater—J. T. Thompson,
at ten, at the Court of Com-

inissioners—F. Winder and W. F. Campbell, Hatton-garden,
Jewellers, Oct. 26, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners—C. G.
Chapman, Torquay, Devonshire, linen-draper, Oct. 26, at twelve,
at the Globe Inn, Newton Abbott, Devonshire—S. Thorpe and R.
Marshall, Nottingham, wharfingers, Oct. 24, at eleven, at the
Punch Bowl, Nottingham--J. Murton, Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
shoemaker, Oct. 31, at eleven, at the George Inn, Newcastle-
upon-Tyne—W. King, Upper perk-place, Dorset-square, car-
penter, Oct. 26, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners.
CERTIFICATES--Ocr. 24.
J. W. Swift, Liverpool, bookseller---.W. Berresford, Heaton
Norris, Lancashire, roller-maker—W. Pickering, Worcester, iron-
founder—E. Atkinson, Morp-th, Northumberland, tanner—C.
Ainsworth, R. Holden, J. Catlow, A. Crawshaw, and T. Lone.
dale, Wiswall, Lancashire, calico-printers—W. E. Willard, Red-
ditch, Worcestershire, chemist—H. Thomas, Manchester, silk-
mercer—S. Hal, Great Russell-street, upholder—W. West,
Trowbridge, clothier—T. EUiott, Nottingham, cabinet-maker—
R. Eccleston, Bristol, wine merchant—T. Briggs, Bloonssgrove,
Nottinghamshire, lace-manufacturer —J. Latham, • Liverpool,
grocer--. 1. Lane, Strand,. wholesale chessamonger—.l. Turner,
Finsbury-circus, builder.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

R. Boning and Co. Old Bond-street, milliners---A Kiug and
C. A. Keen, Bristol, milliners--T. Blake and W. Blake, Lower
Tooting, Surrey, brewers--T. Small, seu. and Co. Birmingham,
japanners—M. Kist and R. Whitwell, Henrietta-street, Bruns-
wick-square, sehoolmistresses--W. Pileher and P. Chilts, Church-
street, Deptford, common.brewers--E.• Stoleworthy and W.
Martin, Vine-street, Hatton-garden, cabinet-makers---P. Col-
ston and W. Hayes, Brixham, Devonshire, linen-drapers—
C. Watkins and C. L. &unwell, High Holborn, milliners—J.
Ward and R. Ward, Nottingham, tailors--..M. Knowles and W.
Moore, Rochdale, Lancashire, bread-bakers—N. Cockell, jun.
and Co. Lotbbury, cloth-manufacttwers--E. Kirkman and J.
Overington, Little Brook-street, milliners---W. Holroyd and J.
Holroyd, Marsden, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, grocers—.C. T. Dob-
son and J. Simpson, Stamford, Lincolnshire, grocers—C. Hayles
and Co. Southsea, Portsea, Southampton, soap-boilers—S. Stan
field and J. S. Hutchinson, Sheffield, Yorkshire, merchants—C.
Hempling and T. Rumble, Manchester, architects—T. Bullock
and J. Hooley, Sutton, Macclesfield,- Cheshire, silk-throwaters--
G. Clarence and E. B. Lovell, Birrninghatn, agents—J. M.
Davey and P. Kruse, 01(1 Swan-wharf, Chelsea, coal-merchants.

SKETCHES IN AFRICA.
MAEIC DURING THE SUEVIIT OF THE COAST OF THAT CONTINENT

IN MS MAJESTY'S SUM LEVEN AND BAANACOUTA.

Na I.

Notwithstanding the considerable traffic which has been
carried on with Africa, the shores of this continent were
but imperfectly known. Besides the incorrectness of the
general outline of this coast, the geographical site of every
place Sexcepting Mozambique, and some other of the prin.
opal Portugusse settlements) was so erroneously marked
in the current Charts, as to be, in some cases, extremely
erroneous—in others, requiring confirmation—in many,
totally unserviceable to navigators, who have even fre-
quently been bewildered, and led into perilous and fatal
embarrassments, by these defects.

To obviate the 'foregoing inconveniences was the object
of the expedition fitted out in the autumn of 1821. It
sailed in the February following, and consisted of his Ma-
jesty's ships Leven and Barraeouta, the former of 20 guns
and 130 men, the latter 10 guns and 75 men, under the
orders of Capt. Owen, who was appointed to this service
on the refusal of Captain Beaufort.
The number of vessels was inereaNed by a third being
purchased at Rio Janeiro, which proved, however, unfit
for the intended service, and was lost some few mouths
after her first arrival at the-Cape, near the bottom of False
Bay, in consequence of he people having mistaken one
point of land for another. This accident led to the pur-
chase, at Cape Town, of a schooner of 76 tons, called the
AThatross, and by these three vessels conjointly, the survey
of the cast and great part of the west side of Africa, the
entire coast of Madagascar, the whole of the Islands in the
Mozambique Channel, the Seychelles and adjoining groups,
has been performed.
Leaving Horsburgh's valuable compilation aside, there
is not among our predecessors in this service, on the east
coast of Africa, one whose information is materially ser-
viceable, save the judicious and experienced Inveranty, a
gentleman long devoted to maritime investigation, who, as
commander of a small vessel belonging to the East India
Company, entitled himself to the highest praise that appli-
cation and industry can obtain. The present expedition,
though so very superior in the manner of its equipment, in
men, in boats, and in instruments, and aided, toe, by the
many little improvements which have been introduced in
the astronomical part of navigation, has, in no instance,
found itself enabled to correct for the better any of the ob-
servations of that intelligent and indefatigable seaman.
Delagoa Bay, v its name implies, is a commanding ex-
panse of water, with several woody islands therein ; its
'navigation for vessels of burden is extremely intricate, but,
this difficulty surmounted, it has natural advantages which
few places can boast ; and, had the slave trade never exist-
ed here, and the means of the Portuguese (who lay claim
to this part of the coast down to Natal, and who have had
a fort and garrison on the north bank of the Lorenzo Mar-
queza for near two hundred years), been diverted to other
pursuits, this part of Caffrana would long since have been
their most valuable possession, from the richness of the
country in the back ground, the quantity of ivory, gums,
and other valuable commodities, which the natives bring
in from the interior; and from the quantity of cetaceous
animals with which the bay abounds. The number of
whales found in Delagoa Bay at peculiar seasons, as well
•
as throughout the Mozambique Channel, is incredible.--
The whales taken here are smaller thin those met with in
the Greenland seas,, but were they only to yield from 10
to 15 tuns each, their plentifulness must compensate for
diminution of size.

The people who inhabit the south side of the Lorenzo
Marqueza, otherwise English River, have till lately con-
sidered themselves, as in fact they should be, perfectly
independent of the Portuguese; but this nation, with a
sweeping presumption, laid claim originally to the entire
coast contained ' between Cape Guardafui, northward, to
the first point of Natal, south, comprehending a tract of
coast of about 2,600 miles. At present they acknowledge
as their own such part only as the Arabs have thought fit
to leave them, the incursions of the latter having divested.
them of all the strong places situated north of Cape Delagoa.
Against this claim of the Portuguese the natives never
remonstrated, because they never supposed that it existed,
and thinking themselves entitled to give what they con-
ceived to be their own, in the latter part of 1822 they
came to the conclusion of ceding their country to the King
of Great Britain, which was effected in due form, and taken
possession of by the expedition. A flag staff was erected,
and the union hoisted thereon. All this occurred under
the eye of the Portuguese Governor, who never urged the
least objection to either the surrender or acceptance.
The Governor, however, was treacherously murdered by
the natives, at a party, which he had been induced to con-
vene without the fort, during the absence of our ships, and
one of the first objects of his successor was to remove the
English and hoist the Portuguese flag upon the opposite
shore. Acting, however, under the persuasion that the
Portuguese made no claim to that side of the river, the ex-
pedition, on his return, compelled the Governor to re-hoist
the English colours, which continued flying so long as the
ships remained in sight, but probably, not an hour longer.
The natives of Delagoa, who are all warriors, are armed
with light, well made, assagyes, perhaps six or eight each
man. Each is provided with a shield, cut out from the

hide of a bullock, in the brackets of which he carries his
spare assagyes, which thus becomes his quiver. They
launch these weapons with great force and dexterity, and
can strike a very small object at 80 yards, with sufficient
strength for execution. Being continually subject to attacks
from the neighbouring tribes, undet the general name of
Orotontas, they are constantly in preparation for ward
A party of these rovers came down by night upon our
people, encamped upon the banks of one branch of the
Lorenzo Marqueza • and the first intimation they had, was.,
from the cries of ;he centinel in the rear, who, without.
perceiving his enemy, found himself wounded in the
shoulder by one of their missiles. Retreating to the larger
tent, for assistance, he was closely pursued to its entry
by the assailants. There their ardour was somewhat
checked by the discharge of two or three muskets, those
terrible and formidable weapons to savages, by the means
of which Europeans have civilized or reduced what portion
they pleased of the other three quarters of the world.
From the darkness of the night, and the confusion such
unexpected visits create, the firing did them no material in-
jury. The intrusion, however, was deemed a sufficient
cause of war between ourselves and these marauders. Ad-
ditional precautions were adopted during our stay ; and,
under whatever circumstances an Orotonta was subse-
quently met, he was immediately fired at.
The rivers of Delagoa swarm with the hippopotami, and
numbers are annually taken, being either entrapped, or
wounded by the assagyes, so as to cause their destruction.
It was only at a very recent period that the Portuguese of
this settlement paid any attention to the collecting of their
teeth, but finding their sale to be very brisk at Mozam-
bique, they are now sought for with extreme avidity.
During the exploring a branch of. the Lorenzo Marquez*,
one of these enormous animals rose by the side of a boat,
and taking her in his jaws, at once tore away seven planks
from het side and bottom ; others being at hand, the people.
sustained no injury, and the boat, when repaired, conti-
nued serviceable to the end of the voyage. There are too
many living who witnessed this fact, to admit of any dis-
pute, otherwise it might appear to border too closely upon
the romantic; but it is: not the only circumstance of the
kind which, in those sketches, we shall have to notice.
The forests are inhabited by vast herds of elephants,
equal in number to those found in any part of this extensive
country. We were informed that 120 tons of ivory were
commonly received at Mozambique annually, from this set-
tlement, and that this quantity was in no way considered
an extraordinary importation.
Among the arts of the Delagonians may be mentioned
the erection of their huts, formed by a kind of wicker pro-
cess, and rendered very compact. Wooden dishes they
make, and other utensils, which, considering the rudeness
of their implements, are of extraordinary workmanship, and
quite sufficient to prove that they are possessed of a con-
siderable share of taste and ingenuity.
The women of this district are universally given to pros-
titution; it is, indeed, the only means by which they can
obtain an atom of clothing. The wet and chilling nights
usually met with in the "%sinter months, render them, in a
manner, regardless of useless finery, when put in compe-
tition with a woollen garment or blanket, the latter of
which, to a Delagonian, is amongst the most inestimable
of all acquisitions. Cheerless and shivering, our decks
have frequently been crowded with these unhappy
wretches, who would esteem themselves fortunate in being
sheltered on board the ship for one night only. This vice
is forwarded and encouraged by men, who find their account
therein; and the Portuguese padre knows his business
much better than to enter into the immoralities of heretics,
or to concern himself in any way with them, except in the
mere barter of ivory.

SPEECH OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE

CONGRESS OF PANAMA.

(From the Extraordinary Gazette of the Isthmus, June 22.)
" This day may be called the day of America—from this
day its states enjoy all their political liberty, and indivi-
duals a freedom conformable to their social compacts.
A close and eternal bond unites the four Republics of
Colombia, Guatimala, Mexico, and Peru. AU of them
make mutual tenders of assistance against foreign oppres-
sors, and against those who desire to usurp the rights
which they have recovered. To preserve a perfect equa-
lity, chance has decided the Presidency, and the same
means has been employed in determining the order of the
signatures. The names of their Excellencies Senores
Pedro Gual, Minister of State and of Foreign Relations
of Colombia ; Antonio Larrazabal, penitentiary of the
holy cathedral church of Guatunala ; Don Manuel Lo-
renzo de Vidaurre, President of the Supreme Court of
Justice of Peru, and decorated with the medal of those
who have deserved well of their country; Don Jose de
Michelena, Brigade-General of the armies of Mexico;
Pedro Briceno Mendez, Brigade-General of the armies of
Colombia, and of the liberators of Venezuela, and of Cun-
dinamarea ; Pedro Molino, Plenipotentiary of central Ame-
rica ; Don Manuel Perez Tudela, Fiscal of the Supreme
Court of Justice of Peru ; and Don Jose Dominguez,
Regent of the Tribunal of Justice of Guanejato, will
always be repeated with respect, as the noblest defenders
of our liberty and independence. Blessed he the God of
Justice, who, in recompense for our labours and our slavery,
has for ever secured to us the means of being happy.

" Don Manuel Lorenzo de Vidaurre, Preside.n.t. of the
Supreme Court of the Republic of Peru, our Minister
Plenipotentiary to the Great American Diet, thus ad-
(tressed their Excellencies the Ministers Plenipotentiary of
the other States :

.............. _____ _
" ' The inhabitants of the Americas, who have been
Spaniards will cover themselves with eternal infamy in
the eyes Of all known nations, if they do not proundgate
laws so wise, so equitable, and so just, as to secure their
present happiness, and that of their descendants for many
generations. Restored to the state of nature, free and in-
dependent, in perfect possession of all their rights, enjoying
the gifts which the Sublime Author of all has bestowed on
them, they are more perfect than in the times bordering
on the creation. Then man could not be prudent, because
he had no experience; man could not guard against evil,
because he did not know it ; he could not enjoy himself,
vfe wealthrthno w
in of
a;
thousand because he had not felt the contrast of. pain and pleasure.
Now, in the use of his most perfect faculties, he distin-
guishes what is just from what is unjust—what is useful
and agreeable from what is pernicious and offensive ; what
is secure from what is dangerous; the enjoyment of mode-
T
rate pleasures, which arc perpetual, from intense gratifies-
tioiis ,
are
; only momentary.
flaw
acid
the ehheb tb o
parts of the known world ; the destruction of some cities,
and the elevation of others; the greatness and the decay of
which
empires
States—all these are lessons by which we may profit—all
these are rules which present themselves for our present
guidance.
cr , Among the many physical, moral,
and political revo-
lutions which historians relate and '
Phllosophers examine,
ours has no example. Dynasties succeeded each other in
China from the time of Po-hi till the Tartars took poitso"
sion of the throne. The Pgy '
pans reckoned 311 gene."'"
tiona to the time of SethCii: ..the Persians suceeedeicttroo
the Medea, as the Medea did i _
. to the Assyrians---the em pi „
of the Romans was substituted for them all-:—Et ("nu of
locusts sallied from the north, and
Europe---the Infant Don H •Columbusenrique and disco-
vered a new world--C. Pizarro, °rtes andother criminal

adventurers, dethroned sovereigns, and possessed theca•
selves of the fourth part of the eat, but 'humanity made
no advances—every day it %YRS more debased by the shame•
fat passions of a few, end.by the crimes of others—by an
irrational passive obedience, which made it deny its own
degradation, and almost forget its noble origin. Dynasties
were changed,—the vices of 'Government remained the
same.

Even when the Greeks, the Romans, and the Car-
thagenians, in ancient times appeared to have loved liberty,
unstable, inconstant, distrustful, envious, dissatisfied with
sing of Marathon and
theyr
sing
at hearing that the
their tetrrhietantrievsi,eeg:tiant
diwriarerreioortsubputeehraa,d
acliitiiiraenes:mltianeueitoyidoyf
tirtitlelniejaasits
aWrehoilveertphoe
aeivlliolgnga
Salamis,nd thel misfortunes,
walls of Pircens are to be destroyed, and remain level
with the earth. 'The sons of Thebes lament the destruc-
tion of their country.; Emilianus shed tears at seeing Car-
thage in ashes, because he foresees, that in like manner
barbarians will sack Rome-.-that her precious monuments
will be given up to the flam.s—and that her famishing
children will run about the street. beseeching bread or
.death. This was not the time in which men were happy.
At this time they had- not discovered the sublime theort of
their rights and their duties. They defended countries,
but not individuals. _ _

" The English, I think, were the first' who laboured
for the rights of man. Their ancient charter, extorted from
John Lackland, and their progress for many ages, till the
time of William 111., show that we must acknowledge
them as the discoverers of the grand political system. Let
the Anglo-American confess that the lights which he re-
ceived from his ancestors directed him in his struggle and
conducted him to the port where he reposes under the tree
of just and regulated liberty.
" Our situation, however, is still more advantageous.
We possess, in pictures perfectly drawn, the errors and
the knowledge—the virtues and the vices, of 62 ages. The
union of the Swiss, the constancy of the, butch, the pru-
dence of the North Americans, the atrocities of the French
Revolution, the factions of the Belgic provinces, and even
of our own, are so many images which we ought to have
perpetually before our eyes, as examples to follow or to
shun.

" To-day the great AnMican Congress, which is to
be an adviser in great conflicta, a faithful interpreter of
treaties, a mediator In domestic disputes, an agent in the
formation of our new rights with for,no states, is invested
with all those powers which are necessary to fulfil the
noble, grand, and striking object for which it has been
convoked. All the precious materials have been prepared
beforehand. A whole world is about to look upon our
labours, and to examine attentively our proceedings.
From the first sovereign to the most insignificant inha-
bitant of southern lands, there is no person indifferent to
our labours. This, perhaps, will be the last trial which
will be made to ascertain if man can be happy. Fellow
representatives, the field of glory, smoothed by Bolivar,
San Martin, O'Higgins, Guadalupe, and many other
heroes superior to ifereultis and Theseus, is open to us.
Our names are to be preserved to immortal honour or
eternal disgrace. Let us raise ourselves, then, above a
thousand millions of inhabitants; let a noble pride elevate
our spirits, giving us a resemblance to God himself, on
that day on which he gave the first laws to the universe.

" Fired with a divine enthusiasm, and fixing my eyes
on the Author of all worlds, the greatest difficulties appear
to me trifling. Few, but solid, are the foundations on
which our confederation rests. Peace with the world—re-
spect to the Governments established in European contr.
tries, even when they are diametrically opposite to that
which has been adopted in America—a free comntereet
with all nations—and a great diminution of duties in favour
of those who have recognized our independence—religions
toleration for those who observe rites different from those
which we have received for our particular constitutions :
such are the bases pf our union. Thirty-three millions of
victims sacrificed by fanaticism, from the time of the Jews
to the present age, should teach us to be humane, pacific,
and indulgent to those who pursue a different path from
ours. Let the foreigner come, and whatever be his
worship, he will be received, respected, and protected, if
his morality, which is true religion, does not belie that
which was taught by our Saviour. Let them be our mas-
ters in agriculture, and in the arts; let the dismal counte-
nance of the African, oppressed by chains and power, dis-
appear from our fields. Let him see by his side a man of
that colour, which is believed a sign of superiority ; let him
begin to be a rational being, perceiving that in nothing hi
is distinguished from other men. Immortal Pitt, eloquent
Fox, interrupt for a moment your repose, raise your heads
from the tomb, and be filled with admiration at observing,
that the countries which were most distinguished . for
slavery are now those in which your philanthropic maxims
are moat venerated.

"' With respect to ourselves, we have two terrible rocks
to avoid—the first is the desire of aggrandizement of some
states at the expense or by the injury of others; the second
is the danger that an ambitious individual may arise to
aspire at power by enslaving his brethren. I fear both
cases as much as I despise the threats .4 the feeble Spa.
niards. We cannot extinguish passions, nor would it be
proper to do so. One man is always sighing for distinction;
another is never contented with what he possesses ; another
is unjust, and can we all at once inspire him with a love
of justice ? Not till he has experienced the evils arising
from the disorder of the passions.
" Sully and Henry IV. projected a tribunal which
might restrain in Europe the first—namely, the desire of
aggrandizement. In our days, Gondon wrote a treatise
on the same subject. This Diet realizes the laudable de-
signs of the King and of the philosophers. Let us avoid
wars, by bringing all our differences within the range of
mediation. The effect of war is conquest. A State in•
creases by reducing the power of the vanquished. Men*
tesquieu said that which was—.Debonaire, that which
ought to be. With every victory, Napoleon acquired new
territory for France. An arrow shot in our plains or
mountains will cause a terrible storm, which will be felt
over the whole Continent, and in the isles. • And on what
should we dispute ? Our fruits grow in all our terri-
tories—our plains are immense—our ports beautiful and
secure. One Republic has nothing which ought to excite
the envy of another. Will the shepherd of a thousand
sheep go to rob the small fold of his neighbour ? What
•
injustice ! The Diet will not permit it.

~ ' As wars often arise from alliances, America will may
enter upon them in accord with all the contracting parties.
I suspend my reasoning because I am postponing divisions.
"Ile second danger may be prevented by more simple
rules. First, let the confederated Governments annually
guarantee their liberty and their independence. Secondly,
never let more power he intrusted to an individual than is
necessary for the exercise of the authority
with which he
is invested. Thirdly, in proportion as his power is great,
let the time be shortened in which be can exercise it, if
that be compatible with its object. Fourthly, let the person
public
to whom theforce is intrusted be always made de-
pendent upon that part of the nation which II unarmed.
Fiftly, let no standing armies be maintained except In time
of war. Sixthly, let thin
terrible scourge, incompatible
with the order of society, be avoided by every means which
' prudence.
e
are in our power, and which are dictated by honour and
" ' Ism not 1" tful, that,g in the retirement of the Es-
formed for ne
curial and erathe attempt impossiblew. e?:'
ditions, I thi,ok,s howieieim,
me
with proofs. Could either
°
history of Spain supplies his rarAlson subjugate 1.1 nand ?
Philip IL, or his son, or g_
..,_. a
Could Philip IV. recover Portugal I' Could Catalonia,
of Aranjuer,
another time,
hfe eetiea have been retaken by ?ranee ? Has Gibraltar
Spaniards ? Has Jamaica been restored ?
They
may be called that of the surrenders
of tteisdto to
itory by Spain. What she gained at Pavia and St. •
Quintin, she lost by the treaties at Vervins, Westphalia,
the Pyrenees, Nimeguen, Aix.-le-Chapelle, and others that
have occurred down to the present time. If the Florida'
returned
t otr
could not have been obtained by that of Paris, the North
Americans would have procured their cession by force.
," Let us call to memory a few eircumattuicts. Philip

/1442,
,
:4' '•
~.,Lts
1 ~, *V')':- 4:11i
i. -.7,"`* ..-..5...*.f, ..., I , i. ,
''' e<>
O.XT 1. ~
.s, :,1.1:;•-- 4 . ...,42.-._
Vr i #:\ 47.,....,---411. i,fvdor ..-,.
i.. . ~, . - ___.,,,,y, ;„; „-- 3
.--"i 4!- . k. -
.a.l)-, ~..,„ '
~,,,,ii, • 24:- --; 4,•,..
( r
~...,,,v,,,,•_.• •. Q -, , • ,1., ~, , i ...... - -., , ,it,
,1,. Itil '' . "'''''iii, lailq' '' • 'IP ''' 10 I. -4(-1

Y. consented that his troops ehould live by pillage, and
excited more and more the desperation of the Dutch.
Charles IL borrowed money at 13 per cent., and sold the
Vice-royalties of Peru and Mexico to support the war.
This was when the Kings of Spain neVer saw the sun let
in their dominions—when they were obeyed, withou a
Murmur. What can they do now, when Spain is with Out
- . colonies, withont internal union, and garrisoned by French-
men ? I knOW very well how the expedition was formed
which was destined against us, and which Was broken up
at Cadiz in 1820. In it were employed the indemoities
°procured from France,' the privy purse of the King, and
the last resources of the state. Every thing was drained
for money. Vessels are now wanting, the last rotten ones
' have been sent to the Havannale There are no arms, nor
have the Spauiards any disposition to come and .die in
these regions by the point of the lance, or the insalubrity
of the climate.
" ' It is not my intention to advise a reduetitm of our
forces. , On the contrary, let us increase them by sea and
laed, but not for the purpose of allowing them to lie idle,
or 'to keep them in their quarters. Let us give such a
bloW to this obstinate nation thfet may make it tremble.-;--
Tis hope that she will make peace with us is to expect the
Messiah—is to remain eternally armed.- Let us . oblige our
enemy to yield inP: temerity and caprices. All Lump
condennis her cesnduct. Not even the. Princes of the
flonse of Botedion can approve of it. No nation has an in-
terest in the continuance of the war by
,Spain. The ge-
' neral desire is for peace. Without. it commerce has not
an uniform, course,' but is interrupted to the prejudice of
industrisnis and trading nations. How different was the
1)00..ton of England when she recognized the independence
o,t the United States. Let the wise English lead the blind
'Spaniards.
a ' While she resists the mediation of the Powers which
'protect us, let her fruits :her commodities, and every pro-
duction of her soil or of her fabric be entirely prohibited.
Let them be seized wherever they may he found, and let
those lose their cargoes who may be convicted ssf having
transgressed a law which we cannot rescind, Let the ma-
nufactures of Valencia and Barcelona be destroyed. Spain
will not manufacture when she has no vent for her produc-
tions. Let Ferdinand VII. be persuaded that if the denial
' of his recognition compels us to incur frightful expences,
by keeping us armed, he likewise destroys the remaining
wealth of his wretched' kingdom, reeked by discord, and
weighed down by the yoke of a foreign nation. •
'" S If at any time he were accessible to miens ground-
,ed upon rigorous justice_if he could persuade himself
that he cannot recover what be cold not maintain—if he
can be convinced that he does not possess in America
either factions or points of support, then the sensible Ames'
rime will express himself in a different way. We shall i
never purchase our independence. The name of freed
men excites our horror. We ate constituted ;Wm states;'
, .possessing rights equal to those held by EtkOpeans. We
have spontaneously united in socicss , and we are only
suldect to those compacts whieh, In the exercise of our
judgment, we have formed, if Ferdinand recognizes those
rights—if be enters ism the generous reconeihation which
, ia offered him, we shall forget the immense radamities
which he has caused us, and the day M the peace will be
. that of the most sincere union. It is only by violence,
and in opposition to our eharaeteir, that we continue the
war. We shall tefrainate it with the most lively pleasure,
when we can obtain peace without dishonour.
" 'But, gentlemen, this recognition is not the point
which most interests us. Helfand was rich and victorious
before she was recognized. The Swiss had formed al-
liinces with the Sovereigns of lurope 'before their 'hide-
' pendence was acknowledged by the House of Austria.--s
The existence of a State does not depend upon its recog-
nition—the latter ouly serves to open to It alliances. The
being of a nation consists in its iateenal political Organiza-
tion. Let us hold to those. rights which it is proper the
whole world should show to us. Let us guard our honour.
Let US not admit ffireiguers who do not come authorised
in the regular diplornatte form. Let us not consent that
there shall wave in our ports the flags of those kingdoms,
or republics, which do not admit ours.
• " ' Above all, let us form mm family. Let those names
which distinguish partieulsr countries be merged in the
.general name of brothers. Let Hs trade without obstacles.
Let us go every where without prohibitions or restrictions.
In no customshouse let American property be registered.
Let us give to each other perpetual proofs of confidence,
disintemsteduess, and true friendship. Let us form a body
of rights which civilized nations may admire. In it let the-
ittjury offered to one State be considered as extended to.
' all ; as in societies, that which is committed
against an' individual, interests the rest of the republic.
Let us solve the problem of what is the best Government.
Ili ours, the individual enjoying the greatest quantity of
good, doubtless has the 'fairest prospect of attaining to'
the highest degree of happiness to which human nature is
susceptible.
"'And when our labours having been concluded, we
shall retire to our homes, surrounded by our children, let
arts take the most tender of them in our arms and' raise him
in offering to the Supreme Being; our cheeks bathed with
tears-let us make him, With innocent accenti, pronounce
a thanksgiving for the immense benefits which we have
received from his sovereign justice. Let the Greek cele-
brate his exploits when leasing Troy in ashes, but let the
Representatives of the Republics of America glory in hav-
ing promulgated laws which secure a general
peace with
aWnations, and the internal felicity of those States which
will last for ages.
- " ' Panama, June 22, 1826.
" ' Ist of the Great American Diet.
"'MANUEL DE VIDAURE."'

RIO DE LA. PLATA AGRICULTURAL

ASSOCIATION.

A Meeting Of the'Shareholders of this Company was
held yesterday, at 12 o'clock precisely, pursant to adver-
tisement, at the Crown and Anchor Tavern. Mr. Barber
Beaumont took the chair, and when the business of the
meeting commenced, there were about 20 persona present,
including the directors, and exclusive of reporters. The
directors. who attended were Sir John Ilarington, Sir
George,Duckett, M. Murree°, and Mr. 0. D. Beaumont.
Mr. BEausioNT regretted that, although every proper
antblinal means, had been adopted to procure the attend-
ance6rd. shareholders, and all who had any interest in
the association, so
.iattl,
fnumber of persons were present.
The r_6ll.°,.9carsn,ibw,teuretr, ()pied a very small body, not
Zel; LZ.l7,ll;mrcoty,
plerba.
jliHe time of year was considered,
gentlemen to be presentut,t/tticieiitle:Fw abefl-O7r7tletirni.umßbyertloitif
deed constituting this no one %rho held less
than ten shares had a right to vote 1'
any of the meetings;
pul diet inquiry
but as this was a meeting for and explana-
tion, not only all who held a single share, b
who only held half a Share, had been invited iteven
tto atelLdone
Peter Cott-
individual to whom lie alluded was Ir. Pte
rell, who,
he supposed, had been heard of before by every
person present; but he did not then see him in the room.
The direr tora were ready to make a full and candid expo-
sition of all that they had done. They had macle
great
exertions, exertions, and it they had not met with the succehe they
had anticipated, it was from no lack of care or of prudence,
Inu through ii succession of political and other events,
over n iiiefi they had no emitroul. Mr. Peake, the aecre.
tary, was now about to read to the meeting a statement of
the aevinints, which he would follow tip by the report. lie
had to state, by way of apology to the shareholders who
night' bill c seen that report printed in the Morning
Chronicle of to-day, and who had a right to expect that it
should have been communicated to them before it was
made public, that it was by a mere accident the report had
so appeared. He sent a wet proof of the report last night
tote editor of the Morning Chronicle, with an intimation
(which must hive been overlooked) that it was not to up-
pear until after this day's meeting.
Mr. PEAKE then read a statement of the accounts of the
association, by which it appeared that the sum realized by
the sale of shires, &c, amounted to 20,6344., while the ex-

penditure in carrying out emigrantsy and for the other pur-
poses of the association, amounted to 29,6001., leaving a
balance of 344 in favour of the shareholders.
the Secretary then read the report :•=-- '
Mr. BEAUMONT then rose, and said, that in addition to
the statement which had been made in the report just read,
he had to acquaint the meeting with some particulars,
which, although they Might . not he necessary for the in-
formation of the shareholders and the public, appeared to
him material, 'becatint they would explain the rise and pro-
gress of this association, and circumstances which had in.
timed him to mix himself up with a modern joint-stock
company.. In the years 1817 and 1818 it would be recol-
lected that great distress had been experienced hy the
working chtst6 of this country. He then interested him-
self With many others in looking into the causes of this dis-
ttess, and in relieving it 'in far its he could. The scenes which
he then witnessed gave him such a notion of the extent and
weight of! tb'e misery of these people as he had never be-
fore believed to exist. Having a consider-a* knoW,ledoa
the countries bordering the Rio th4lltPliiklii klieW that they
presented very extraordiYaq lid Vantages to industrious'
and laborious Milkers. He knew that they might
there ecanntind very high wages,and that the fertility of the
country Would make those wages still more considerable.
He saw a prospect of ensuring to such persons not only an
ample and even profuse supply of food and the necessaries
of life, but also tire means of acquiring independence and
such a station in society as their labours entitled them to.
He, therefore, conceived the design of enabling these people
to obtain in the country to which he alluded, the advan-
tages which they could not acquire in this, in pursuance
of this project, he applied to the Government authorities
in South America, at first without success, but, encouraged
by the information of persons resident there, he penes
vered and 'represented the advantages which might ensue
to- the State from transplanting thither a population of
industrious Englishmen. ..Ultittiitely, Don Rivadavia in-
formed him that the CI-00=cm was favourable to his
proposal, and arteWards, Mr. Lesica arrived here with
offers extreinely advantageous to emigrants, and with
a promise that any money which he might advance for
the transporting them should be repaid to him. With
this encouragement he ' immediately set to work.—
At the beginning tit 1824, he had proceeded so far, that
having pVepared a ship, and all that was necessary, he sent
2110 poofpeople from Glasgow, for the purpose of begin-
ning the settlement he had projected. This intention was
afterwards changed, by his finding in May, 1825, that a
design was entertained by Messrs. Goldsmith and other
gentlemen on the Stock Exchange, to purchase the lauds
of Entre keg; for a purpose very similar to his own.—
Then it Was, and for that reason only, that he was induced
to propose 'a joint-stock company. Before that time he
had held all those institutions in great dislike, and had re-
sisted applications, to the number of '2O, which had been
made to 'him to become a director, and which, if he had
accepted, would have put a fortune into his pocket. The
Scheme was therefore brought out, and at first with every
prospect of success, The great and insurmountable diffi-
culty, however, was the war ' • and he was ready to admit,
that if it continued much longer, the provinces on the
northern side of the Rio de la Plata must become a desert.
No man under such circumstances would make great efforts
to protect property which would certainly be taken from
him, and the increase of the flocks was no longer attended
to, because the country was overrun by a licentious sol-
diery. He wished to touch as lightly as possible on the
conduct of the parties at Buenos Ayres, but this he must
say, that the association bad not received from them the
support to which it was entitled, as well regarding the in-
terests of those parties as their express promises. Such
had been the Conduct of the persons who bad been sent
out, that if the association was to go on, he should say the
Directors never ought to send out another. Their him-
titiole, unreasonableness, and turbulence, exceeded all de-
svription, There were a few who appeared to be warmed
with a proper sense of their duty to their benefactors, but
the majority were decidedly the reverse. He wished to
state for the information of the meeting, that the number
of persons sent out by the association had been as follows:
by the Pairlie, 200 ; by, the Harmony, 160 ; and by the
Morley, 200; of which latter number 130 had returned,
in consequence of the state in which they found the coun-
try. If there was any topic on which he had not touched;
he was ready to give any information in his power. He
saw that Mr. Peter Cottrell had now come inter the room,
and he was ready to hear any thing he had to say, for the
purpose of substantiating, if he, could, the calumnious state-
ments he had made before the Lord Mayor and elsewhere
respecting the Directors.
Mr. P. COTTRELL then rose and addressed the meeting.'
He described the circumstances under which he hail been!
induced to sail for Buenos Ayres, in the end of the year!
1824, in consequence of the advantages held out by the
prOspectus of this company. The ship arrived at Buenos-'
Ayres in December of that year: there was then no blockade.
Why then had not the passengers been conveyed, amoral-
in to their agreement, to the lands which according to the
prospeetus held out, had been already purchased for them?
The real fact, however, was, that the directors had no land
at all proVided : their agents acknowledgedas much before
the British Consul. As to the ingratitude of people who
received such treatment, what else ought Mr. Beaumont
to expect, when these poor people were hunted like wild
beasts under his new code of laws for settlers ? He went
thus far to prove that there was no land provided, as they
had been told in England. Mr. Beaumont's agents ad-
mitted this before the British Consul. Mr. Beaumont, in-
dt;ed, now said, that all this was false; but he (Mr. Cot-
trell)
knew quite the contrary. Ought he not, therefore,
under such circumstances, to he repaid, a part at least of
what he had lost by the false description. His property
had been seized and conveyed into Mr. Beaumont s store-
houses after he landed, and surely there should be some
indemnity for treatment of that description. He was then
adverting to the proceedings of some settlement at San
Pedro, where the poor people were sent to labour without
tools, and their diet, horse-flesh, when he was called to
order by
• Mr. BEAUMONT, who said—" What have we of this
company to do with that •? Our attention is confined to
'titir own concerns. Why will you not bring the proof
which you say you have of your charges ?"

Mr. COTTRELL—YOU have said that you will deter-
mine the thing by. a law-suit, which you can 'stand better
than I can: He then read a letter, Which, he Raid, ap-
peared in a newspaper of the 18th of April, 1826, and
could be traced` to one of the directors 'of the company; in
which it was said, that the association had been driven
from the land, though it bad cost them 70,000 dollars.
Mr. BEAustoNT.-,--But your charge, as I understand it,
is, that we had no land at Entre Rios, nor a house, nor a
head of cattle, nor any thing. Why not produce your
promised proofs of this assertion ? Let us not hear a
mere idle repetition of your story at the Mansion-house.
Unless you now tender your proof, I shall in future call
you a gross calumniator.
Mr. COTTRIWL—Why, I have proved all this.
Mr. BEAVUONT.—When or where have you, proved
that we had not the land we represented ? Here are all
the documents from the Spanish authorities to prove that
weili:atindtswhis land, and they cannot be controverted.
of LT to a question put bye latter said, that he was
Mr. Beaumont to a gen-
tortunate enough to'trace Mr. COttrell's place of resi-
th
i!:;tinran at the endf the table,
4lenee in town.
Mr. TI •
• —EAU
resienc, for the purpose movr--I have wished to find your place of
it ~„ at
lieoffee eipureose of serving a process. You gave
knew nothing.4lolP in Oxford-street, but the people there
further to Say re4)acYtTl• Have you, however, anything
Mr. COTTREL) iTg your own case ?
no value, you ought toavrielirgt had my money, and given me
trice producei
Mr. MARRECO--Why Zt"„l,l„Lgi„
Mr. COTTRELL—.I
contract with me remains unfulfineents to show that your
• -ed of the lands. 1 -
possessed have - dr- --"ee your proofs
and that nobody is
Mr. MittutEco—Where is it ? enough of proof.
You were . called upon
to produce them here: why (10 u lix r,
you not Mr, LAT*

ThELL—The letter sent to me geld nothltig of documents ;
it was merely a summons to amid.
Sir. J: HARINGTOSi—Pray are you not an officer under
the Buenos-Ayres Government ? Mr. Corram—What
has that to do with thisbusiness?

Sir J. HARINGTON—What objection have you to an-
swer ? Mr. COTTRELL---I WWI in their service, but I af-
terwards wrote to resign: I entered the service on the
16th March, 1826, and I have since resigned: .
Sir J. HARINGTON-15 that. assertion as true as the rest
you have made ?, Mr. CfirrnELL—The Whole is true.
Mr. BEAVAIONT—EaVe you any more td say P Mr.
Col% m ftELL'
BtAutioNT then said, that with the leave of the com-
pany, he would reply to Mr. Cottrell, particularly to the
exhibition which he had made at the Mansion-house: This
man's first assertion before the Lord Mayor was, that they,
the company, had realiied efiertikius sums by the delusion.
Nowthq fatt was, that the company had never realized a
Single shilling.
Mr. CovraELL—l did not pretend to say the share-
holders did—but you and the directors did.
Mr. BEAUAIONT7—YOU are a pretty sort of fellow tp be
a Brazilian officer. He proceeded to state, that the direc-
tors had not up to this day realized one single shilling for
their shares. He Saw Colonel Nugent in the room, and
that gentleman knew he dissuaded Ifim from sending out
a relative : there were many anxious to go who were
reared to better indulgences than a new settlement was at
first calculated to afford, and lie had advised all such to
keep their money, and wait awhile.
Colonel NUGENT corroborated this fact,

Mr. BEAUMONT resumed, and said, that another of Mr.
Cottrell's assertions was equally untrue. He had stated
that the people were landed without the means of subsist-
ence, and handed over as redemptionists or slaves. Now,
none had been so disposed of. His orders to the agents
were, that if any of the settlers wished to abandon the un-
dertaking, they were to be allowed to do so, and pursue
any other, occupation, upon their own simple undertaking
of repaying their passage-money. But what proof was
there that the agents bound them as redemptionists ? He
disbelieved the whole story; and as to Mr. Cottrell's as-
sertion, that his property was seized by his order, he really
had not till lately ever heard of his name—he was one of
400 or 500 who went without being taken any particular
notice of. Mr. Cottrell had indeed complained dreadfully
of the treatment which he had received from every body,
at Buenos Ayres; and to this all he could say in reply was,
that if his conduct there was like his conduct here, the
only wonder was how he got home with a head on his
shoulders.

Mr. COTTRELL-1 know that this company originated
at a dinner party between Mr. Beaumont and some Spa-
niards, whom he (Mr. Cottrell) named.
Mr. BEAUMONT declared that he had never had the
pleasure of dining with these gentlemen, and he again called
for the proof—the charge was from beginning to end
absurd.

Mr. CorrE.ELL—The greatest absurdity was my pay-
ing away my money.
Mr. BEAUMONT said all he knew of Mr. Cottrell was,
that when he'returned from Buenos Ayres, he had applied
to him by letter for a passage out for his wife. He (Mr.
Beaumont) did not think proper to comply with this re-
quest, because the company thought it advisable at the
time not to send out any more settlers, till they heard
farther. Mr. Cottrell represented himself as an officer in
the Buenos Ayres service, on leave upon a furlough, and
upon half-pay, from an accident to his right arm. He
went out as a carpenter, and probably could not work on
account of the accident—the same cause perhapt4 prevented
him from being useful as a soldier. All this time, how-
ever, not one word did Mr. Cottrell say about compensa-
tion. Subsequently he said, that as he had paid up the
full 1001. on his share,: 101. being all that was strictly
required, and as he was nut going to participate in the
ultimate profit which was held out to those who paid in
foil at once, he thought it only equitable that he should be
paid back the sum he had advanced over and above the ge-
neral class of shareholders. As Mr. C. was engaged in pur-
chasing the share conjointly with his brother, he was entitled
ton moiety, and la being the deposit in the ordinary way, .51.
was deducted for his half, and he was repaid the balance of
454 It was not till after that had taken place, Mr. Cot-
trell began to complain. He then put in some claims for
brick-work, &c.; bathe was distinctly told, that not one
shilling would be given to him by way. of compensation,
and that what he received wits solely given as a return of
the portion of his investment, which he did not intend to
leave as he had himself proposed. It was after all this, that'
he resorted to threatening letters, just as the Thurtells had
done, which he (Mr. Beaumont) disregarded, and would
take the proper means to correct.

.Mr. NORTMIOUSE pronounced a high eulogium upon Mr.
Beaumont. He knew that great attention had been paid
to the wants of the settlers who had sailed from Glasgow.'
Mr. Coinain.L—Then pay me back my money.
On the motion of Sir JOHN lIARINGTON, the report
read to the meeting was received and adopted. The Ho-:
nourabie Baronet, as well as the gentleman who seconded'
his motion, paid .the highest personal compliments to Mr.
Beaumont; and Mr. Marreco said that the directors would
still remain at their post, to superintend gratuitously the
business of this company, and see what was best to be
done.
Thanks were then specifically voted to Mr. Beaumont
and the directors.

Mr. BARBER BEAUMONT rOSC to return thanks. Why
was his name to be mixed up, as it had lately beenfin The
Times newspaper, with dealers in shares and joint stock
companiei, while he had never, in fact, been connected with
either the one or the other ? Was not this conduct very
extraordinary on the part of that newspaper, and was it
not still more extraordinarT that they should do so, after
the son of the principal Editor [he corrected himself after-
wards, and said he meant the son of Mr.. Carden who ap-
peared in the records of the Stamp-office to be a principal
proprietor] of that paper, applied to him, soliciting his name
and assistance to two projects for joint stock companies; one
of which was for a public burial-ground, and the other for a
company of undertakers, and both of which he (Mr. B.) re-
fused ? He had thegreatest respect for the ability which dis-
tinguished The Times,aad beknew the power which it pos-
sessed. 'lt was for both these reasons that he was induced
to notice in this public manner, the use that had been made
of his name,. and to deny the charges which it had at-
tempted to bring against him. It was well known that
people were not alluded to tn this manner but for the pur-
pose of degrading them, and there could be no other mean-
ing in the paragraph
he had read, than an imputation that
he had done ill, and had made representations for the pur-
pose of misleading the
public. While, however, he was
noticing the attack made on him by The Times, he must
observe that that Journal had had a great share in produc-
ing the public feeling respecting joint stock companies and
shares. Among the yell first of these schemes was
the Alliance Insurance Company, which was pro-
moted by that Journal in several articles, Mr. Beau-
mont here read the following extract from The nmee of
the 28th of February A new Insurance Company is
about to be formed, at the head of which: will be one of
the first capitalists in the city. • It will be one of the ad-
vantages of this institution, that,: through the influence
and connexions of the house in question with the Conti.,!
nent, and the general peace likely to prevail, it will be
enabled to extend its Operations gradually over the whole
of Europe. The details of the plan, which only tran-
spired a few days ago„ have not yet been arranged. The
gentleman :who originated it has received tenders of ca-,1
petal to an almost unlimited amountY This was followed
up on the 15th of March in the same year, by an intima-
tion that " The shares in the new Insurance Company
are already at a premium of 101., and numerous orders
have been received from the Continent, particularly
from Germany." Then, on the 18th of March follow-
ing, there appeared a very leading article, which was
beaded in large letters, " Alliance Assurance Company.
Ought The Times, after having taken pains. to write the
public opinion in favour of this Joint-Stock Company, to

hold him (Mr. Deaumont) up as person concerned in such
companies, and to impute to him as a discreditable cir-
cumstance, that which he'had not done, but which they
had ? This, however, was not all : for in the list of prices
of stocks, for many months after the first of these articles
appeared, the price of shares .in the Alliance Company
was inserted, not as an advertisement—not with that word
prefixed demoting that it clime in the way of,business ;
and thus The Times did for this company that which had
never been done for any other insurance company what-
ever. He had therefore a right to say that The Times
had assisted in producing and in keeping up the• public
feeling for joint-stock companies; and if now it wanted to
redeem the mischief that had been done, it ought not to
effect that object by attacking persons whose hands were
clean. He repeated his thanks to the meeting, and de-
clared the business for which it was assembled to be eon.
eluded.

MEDWAY LIME AND COKE COMPANY.

Yesterday a Meeting of the Shareholders in this Com-
pany, took place at Batson's Coffee-house, William Clark,
Esq. in the Chair.

The CHAIRMAN stated, that he had called together this
Meeting at the solicitation of several Shareholders, who
were severe sufferers by the system of fraud practised in it.
A person named Andrews was the owner of a stnall pro-
perty near Rochester, on which he had a limekiln. Hav-
ing occasion for an advance of money, he applied to the
British Annuity Company in 1825, for the loan of 1,800/.
RS he (Mr. Clark) was informed. That Company sent a
surveyor down to examine the property, who reported it
worth 1,500/., and upon his recommendation advanced
1,000/., taking the title deeds as their security. At that
time Mr. John Wilks, jun. was solicitor to the British An-
nuity. Company, and he became in consequence acquainted
with Andrews. Andrews understanding that Wilks was
a capital hand' at forming a Joint Stock Company,
applied to him to make a Joint Stock Company of
the estate at Rochester. Wilks agreed, in case he should
stfcceed in forming the thing, to be a purchaser of the free.; I
hold at 2,000/. Now Wilks made his arrangements that I
some of the Directorti in the British Annuity Company
should be Directors in this new Company (alaugh),which
he immediately set about establishing. Those Directors
.were of course aware of the value of the property upon
which they had already advanced money; and yet, with this
knowledge, they voted the sum of 5,100/. for it to Mr.
Wilks, who thus calculated upon a pretty fair profit upon
his bargain. It had been said that it was fair to purchase
with one hand and sell with the other. So it, was in any
honourable transaction in which the possible advantages
were proportioned to the hazard, and a fair contract with
regard to all concerned WllB made ; but when a man set
about forming a Joint Stock Company for the purpose of
delusion—for the purpose of aggrandizing himself at the
expellee of the public, he was chargeable with deliberate
and desperate fraud, to all intents and purposes (cheers.)
The whole of the circumstances he, had mentioned took
place very close upon each other's heels. The money
was advanced to Andrews on the 18th of February,
1825; in twenty days afterwards the Company was
formed, the necessary timeior organization having elapsed.
One part of the arrangement was, that -Andrews was
to be superintendent of the works. This appointmen‘the
appointment of officers, the election of Directors, the
sale of the estate to Wilke, and by him to the Com-
pany, took place within a month. Mr. Peter Moore was
the Chairman (loud laughter), and Mr. Barrett, M.P., Mr.
Denys, Mr. Surteis, and Mr..lones, who were Directors
in the British' Annuity Company, were the Directors of
the New Association—(continued laughter at the mention
of the names, which are most of them well known in bub-
bles).—There were other circumstances equally remarka-
ble. Andrews had declared that the value of the property
would ho greatly enhanced if some new kilns were built
upon it, Or other purchases made of the adjacent land ; and
that for 80004 more a very prosperous concern might be
established. It was, however, thought by one, that a cap.
pital of 10,0001. would be very small for a Joint Stock
Company, and would, never operate properly with the
public. This argument took, and the capital of 100,000/.
was forthwith entered in the prospectus as the sum upon
which they were to work the concern-,-(laughter).—Mr.
Clark then, after some observations upon the general con-
duct of the Directors, stated that they had dared to forfeit
the shares of the proprietors under the most cruel circum-
stances. He instanced the ease of a servant who had em-
barked 2001. in shares, which, as the poor man was unable
to pay one of the calls upon them, made for the purpose
of pressing the delusion further, were declared forfeited.

Dr. MITCHELL (the accountant to the Company) :
What was the name of the person ?
Mr. CLARK did not know.—A voice : " It is a lie."
Mr. CLARK would be glad to hear the main facts dis-
puted. The sum to be paid to Mr. Andrews for the pro-
perty was 2,0001. and the sum advanced by the British
Annuity Company 1,000/. Mr. Wilke, who was to re-
ceive 5,0001., was under an engagement to redeem the
1,000/. for that Company. It happened that a disagree-
ment took place amongst the Directors, and they deter-
mined that 179 shares which Wks had, should be for-
feited, in consideration of the 1,000/. which he'had under-
taken to redeem. This was like compounding felony;,
fraud had been contemplated from the commencement, and
all set their heads together, in order to get out of the
scrape. He had been informed that Andrews had receiv-
ed 250/. a year as superintendent, and that the unfortunate
man's disappointment had brought on a course of anxieties
which produced paralysis, and reduced him to the state
of an idiot. This was one of the consequences of the
blessed system of Company-making. It was impossible
that the expensive establishment of this Company could
be supported by the profits derivable from so small a ca-
pital—it was impossible that such a thing could be kept
alive for any other pui•pose than private gain.--(Cheers.)
It might be thought that his observations were levelled
apinst Wilke; this was not the ease • he considered the
directors as culpable as that person. Mr. C. then alluded
T o
m the
a sipese, c
ash Moore in favour of joint stock
pne
delivered in the House of Commons
( o
itf
seasM r. P
in 1825, and asked whether any one possessed of such
knowledge of the' intentions of those concerned in such
companies as that gentleman possessed at that time did
not deserve to be hooted ? Mr. Clark assured the meeting
that he had done every thing to prevent the necessity of
exposure in this case. He had seen papers stating, that
Andrews had not been paid ; that the money advanced by
.the British Annuity Company never had been redeemed ;
that the title deeds of the Company were not in the
hands of the Company, and had never been made over to
the Company, or if they were, the transfer was not a bona
fide transfer.

Mr. HAY—Is the Mr. Kershaw, whose name appeared
in the prospectus, the gentleman who, with tears in his
eyes, said that he had in his possession 900/. of the Corn-
wall and Devon Minitig Company'.s money, which did not
belong to him ?--(A. laugh).—Cries of " The same, the
same.

may have had under similar circum-
------
Mr. HAY—Perhaps he can produce some hundreds of
.
in answer to $ question from a shareholder,
stanceso' lr rrionfL,(Abivhugichhtehre.).
Mr. CLARK--b there any body here who is disposed to
shares had been issued, of which the Direc-
tors the Directors ?-7Nobody answered. -
tsoairMcilirit.eiutlaCtilie°7B4o3 for thqmselves. The Directors, to keep
Market, purchased nitrite-
up
which they
160 shares,
rice of:the shares in the
agnudetnhtieKpey compelled Mr. Wilks to relinquish his shares,
upon which 2,.5351. was paid, inasmuch as he had received
too much for the Rochester Lime Kiln. This was an
acknowledgment that they had previously acted impro-
perly in paying the sum of .5,1001. to Wilk: for the pro-
perty. Ile asked whether the Directors had paid all the
calls upon their shares ?

Dr. MITCHELL said they did hold those 803 shares.—
They took them, but they had forfeited them. With re-

4

V

g

speet to Mr. Andrews, the Directors were guilty fir no in-
humanity to him.
Mr. CLARK—I di4 not accuse the. Directors. I accused
Mr. Si/lks of inhimanity. •
Dr. MITCHELL said, that Mr.. Andrews had, lie under-
stood, been frequently attacked by paralysis before he sold
the estate, and he declared, that when that gentleman was
incapable of performing the duties of superintendent, his
son-in-law was appointed to the situation, and );ow actu-
ally held it.
A Shareholder—How can this little co, nffmd to
pay Directors about 1,6001. a-year ?
Dr. MITCHELL—They have not received a farthing this
year.
A Shareholder—How much did they receive of our

money before this year ?—(A laugh.)
Another SHAREHOLDER.—You say our shares are worth
two-fifths of the original price. Will you buy mine st
that rate ?—(Laughter.)
Dr. MITCHELL.—My poverty. may prevent me from
doing with my Money what I should wish to do, with
view to my future advantage.—(Laughter.) •
A third SHAREHOLDER.—I have got 100 shares, rt
give them .to you at that rate, and take away another
sixth.
A fourth.—lt is ridiculous to carry on so extravagant
an establishment in so small a concern. ' Look at the
offices in King's Arms-yard, and the multitude of persons
to be paid.
Dr. MITCHELL.—The utmost economy pervades the
establishment, which is about to be removed to Black-
friars.
iiiiadtitEy._tot..vvnEhaen.
surAmelyiB.., Doctor.--(Loud—t Th
eloa laughter.)
Ors forfeited
shares, it was evident they never. thought thetliCneirrilailinvi;
worth anything.
Dr. MITCHELL said it had been mentioned that the Com-
pany had no legal claim to the estate. He would ant saY
a word about Air. Wilks, as that gentleman Wss deter-
mined to make fresh attacks every day, and_ probably
would have him (Dr. Mitchell) before the Lord Marl. to
morrow, if he did. heirteOeert.ld Bailey you mug sow
• A SHAREHOLDER: he nor the Directors hart
any cause to find fault with you to- day, at any. rate.
A new DIRECTOR of the Company stated that he ere,
unfortunately a sufferer to a great extent ; he was, lie .;
lieved, by 1,000/. a greater sufferer than any other man
the room. The moment he became a Director, Wilks_
re-
tired from the Company, saying,.he Would not sit
"1001.
same table with him.—(Laughter.)—He found that 5,
had been given for a property, of which the ComPanY
had
not received the title-deeds; and that the Direct°llltation
kept 1,000 shares open for themselves, in the expec_ d
that they would become profitable in the market. He
umnicate with him. got into had
A SHAREHoLDER.—Upon my word, you
company.
advised the old Directors to admit 51r. Clark, and com-
-11 indebted to
eveDrlgnoEtcirnot:..-1 assure you it is the only " ComPa"Y" I
Mr. CLARK said, the shareholders Were a-
ethitieidid Director
comuiunfoicar
thiots.eff(Hiftes
wfoirshtehdeitroaudnvosinvtawgbee,twendr
old Directors had paid all their instalments on the e
they had taken ?
The Director said they had not. Directors
Mr. CLARK—How much had the other
on the shares which were forfeited ? '
DIRECTOR—OnIy one pound.—(Laughter.) „old
Mr. CLARK said, that all that had been state'',
the iniquity of the delusion beyond all doubt..
mike by
A SHAREHOLDER—How much did Mr. Witks
the sale of the estate ?
A Voice—Between 2,000/. and 3,000/. I Oa
Dr. MITCHELL—No; he got no more than about , the
A SHAREHOLIMR—What was his hill of costs t 6
21(The
fo
tihßeE :A —0 f
COMparty. staid
bt
r
Hthise :jursbtblbeilAl
etTans his
about 170/.
Act to amend it. He had divided the expense f
Mr. CLARK—The bills put me. in mind of biLfe7, 0 °
four companies, each of which he charged 50 git,it;
The Welch Iron and Coal Company was one, tiluThis
Peter Moore sanctioned the charge.—(Laughter.)"'
Company was charged also, but would not pay •sty
There, was here some conversation about the prePrthe
of appointing a Committee to investigate the affairs?: to
Company, but the meeting came to the Melvin° inling
adjourn till a future period, for. the purposes of ntitsi
more information.
Thanks being voted to the Chairman, thamestilifin
f
rated.
cue"-be -wiLen.
