it had been that a change in their hapless condition was
rendered necessary by present circumstances. The reward in
these cases was-manumission, and. a sum of money: so said
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman. Now this the Duke of
Manchester had positively and explicitly denied. At this Mo.
mew. thpre witsPCommittee- of the House applying itself to
the remedy of legal abuses in the administration of the law as'
respected the slave population. Ile was satisfied the Duke of
Manchester had acted under the impression that'be was per-
fectly justified in thus preventing worse disasters by timely
and vigorous interference, and in this line of conduct he was
. borne out by the spirit of our colonial law, which in some in-
stances was partly a civil, partly a military code. The Duke
of Alancheeter also complained that the cases alluded to were
most improperly reported. In the cases of St. Mary's, it was
clear front the confession of Jack (page 190), that nothing
short of rebellion was meditated, such . as carrying arms to a
depot, providing ammunition, and other warlike preparations,
-which sheared the animus of the slave, and which, in itself,
would alone spetion a sentence of death according to the Slave
Court Act. That an impression had gone forth that injustice
had been thine there was ito doubt : and this accounted for the
slaves of Golden Grove and Alexandria having nestle cominon
cause with these culprits afterwards. This impression. was a
natural consiluence of the imperfect nature of the-laws there,
and also of the state Of agitation of the Negroes' minds. Fifty
years of euntinuerl slavery had created that feeling, and be felt
it would be only the sIOW progress of infortitation and moral
instruction which ever could abate that irritated state of the
Negro mind. The /louse, in examining the question as to the
case of Slaves condemned at Si. -.s.lary's, should particularly
direct its attention to inquire whether substantial justice had
nut bean done. 110 was satisfied there had. The same remarks
might be applied to the case of the Hanover estate, where the
most undoubted proofs and overt acts of rebellion were mani-
fested. Under such circumstances, it was perfectly competent
to the Government there to have, under the existing severe
laws of that Colony, sentenced' these slaves to death. in
so saying, he was not disposed to defend the law which
placed so extensive and alarming a power in the hands of the
(government of those Colonies.' The parties charged with the
administration of these-laws were not to 'be made responsible
for their imperfections, nor the errors of legislation -visited.
upon the administrators of the laws. Viewing as he did what
was objectionable in these cases as attributable to an inherent
defect in the law, he should feel it his duty to resist the motion
of the lion. and Learned Gentleman, for the purpose of intro-
ducing an amendment, which he considered would more fairly
express the sentiments of the House• with 'reference to the cases
under discussion, lie then moved an amendment--" That the
/louse having seen, and examined the proceedings respecting
the late trials of the slaves in the West l'ndies, perceives that
the evils and inconveniencics detailed in'thomme proceedings are
attendant on the state of slavery itself as it there exists, and
proves the necessity of the improvement recommended by the
resolutions of that /louse on the 111th of May, 11123 ; but that,
however desirable it might be to amend egos defective state of
the law in our. West Indian Colonies, it would not be expedient
or sate to impeach verdicts delivered by jurors impannelleel ac.
cording to law, and sentences pronounced by the regular jutll-,
coal authorities in those Colonies." .

Mr. WELI • BUXTON expressed himself happy in find.
log that the subject of slavery still continued to be canvassed and
debated in that Ileum:, although reprobated by the Right
Gentlethan opposite last night, becafise these ttebatcs tended to
extract on each occasion, concessions from the friends of slavery
which were most important arguments in favour orate maim.
Olden or our West Indian slaves. Ile felt confident he WOLIN
prove beyond doubt that neither in the case of St. Mary's, St.
John's, and St. George's, was there any attempt to rise in re-
' billion, or du any thing further than attempt to ascertain, which
was perfectly natural, what line of conduct they were entitled
to pursue according to the instructions which had been re-
ceived from the Government at borne. The evidence of flip.
polite was discredited by even his own young and old mus.
term. The case of Cormoran's evidence, detailing the plot anti
the incantation of the Black Magician, and the appointment
of a King was altogether a most mfanious fabrication and full
of equivocations. Those of Mack's, another witness against
the slaves, were still more startling. Hence there would be,
nu doubt, that as these inconsistencies were revealed on the
mere examination in chief, that these two witnesses were most
grossly perjured. Such was the case of die pretended attempt..
to raise an insurrection in the parish of St. George. As to the
case of Montego Bay, the liuke of Manchester had pia it on
public record that he believed there np sort of combination
autongst the slaves for treasonable or dangerous purposes. As
to the meditated revolt at St. Mary's, he must COMend there
were many fatal-objections to the evidence in that case. The
first was, that the evidence was admitted on the trial without
adininistering an oath.
The A WORM!: Y-0 ENER:II4—" That is the fault of the
system."
Alr. F. BUXTON—So he had argued all along. Admit the
viciousness of,thesystem, and this was till he asked.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL again said he wished once.
for all to be understood as drawing a line of clear distinction
between the defects of the law, and the imputed Colpidoty of
! the parties tato were called on to administer the low nnpfrtect
as it was. That distinction was moat important.
Mr. BUXTON, in continuation, said the next objection
Was, that atimptirint prevarication 8111101r:4C the witnesses had
puteet/ -.1110 lane/. war', cicarty
tiOw douhttrl. unhappy amen men hue ever- were-c
o, and
to increase their enormity, as It wouht appear none of these
wretches, Colonel Cox says, made any confession In their List
moments except one, Now lie would distinc4 deny that there
was any confession at all, made by that poor cremate. The
whole reminded him atrangly of the Poptsb Plot, when' the
evidences, `Titus Oates and, ltedloc, at first, as lime obiieried,
could give but little information ; but its soon its they began to
find that they were paid so well for intelligence, they appeared
more than ordinarily over eager to furnish materials to incid.
pate others. This system of bounteous reward hid prod aced die:
sarne effixt in the case of these poor negroes that of the
Popish Plot, more particularly in the case of the itymnaii, 'whose
evidence had been made the tneans of most extensive inculpa-
tion against those unhappy creatures. feeling ever wennlO on
the:subject of slavery, he must have been dead to all sense of
injusticeU it' lie had nut this evening expressed himself in the most
unralitied terms of abhorrence at this depurtureifrom
Cip e of criminal law, and the practice in ordinarrieguiiprob
ceedings, where the lives of men were aft Stake. 110,.should lutist
cordially Support, for these mations, the motion of his lion. and
Learned Friend.

The ATTOII N BY.GENEII AL felt it wan necessary that be
should in the ()onset guard himaelf against the imputation which
wax but too usual, titat he meant to advocate ur defend the state
of our Colonial Law, as regarded those persons m n so culeitined.
m lie usi say lie could not see why our colonial law shOtlld eon.
time AS it ; why proceedings, in cases where Blacks were
partici, should be governed by other rules of evidence, or. be
more summary titan in cases of Whites. The law there was
confessedly the coo:it defretive system possible. If a White
Alitu were put on hi, trial, he was enabled to learn what hie had
to defend himself against. An Act to amend the law lied been
passed by the Colonial Legislatures, but so jealous were they.
on the subject, that it was agreed that noittivantage should he
taken of it as in point of form. The Constitution of the Court
wax extraordinary to entitle it to the exercise of such, powers,
for there the judgcs vrere dot lawyers. Them too the charges
in ail indictment' were vague and almost inilefir ite, for hi an in,
dietment it was competent, to a prosecutor to t'rante his, charge
against a prisriner its guilty of rebellious Conspiracy and other
crimes ; thus leaving it open to hint to prove on the trial any
011 c crime of whieit the noosed might have been iiolllo days
previously guilty. Neither tittle nor place were necessary' to be
inserted in the indictment. It such were the state of the laws
there, and ,itch they were, ltc would ask Hon. Gentlemen if such
they Goght to continue? It had been that their evidel)e..
was riot adiliihseble, because they had no moral notion 'd
of the religious obligation of al oath. This, however, ire" only
tat rPalile)lda eLlu: case'
wii'lre
accuseda is( eitilinnui onrawlaa3naclecititisciei)intitia.tti.tirtit;iitlint
it. witnesstilt(ascase
becomes atirdiasable, int w Pliout the furinality
an oath, awl being told or enjoined, insiead tlit.l4l to speak no
tit!:
jo doubtwtri,,rvi)viietract
thelttt ittirtotly
‘Villiaut was, though not sworn,
idence
which might take, away t'oe life of a tellow ti?avie. give
e(lr
Ile had been inhumed that the common law of I,to enaT
alga ef.),.rounon law elthe colony of Jamaita, and 'et o'iVtor' t t re-!,
likht PrinciPle4 of our law was that no hearsay evidence til)(1114.1
he ethtlittVd j Net the boy 'William had been heard in ev itleitee
with respect to theallegett crime of his father. When such was
the case, how could he do otherwise than condemn the system
altogether? lie wio, still convinced, that in themselves the
parties involved in Iher,,,polisibility, had not beet' guilty of any
premeditatedly imptiqier eonduet. No doubt „they were alarmed
by anti hi:lit:yeti ill the (linger, end consequently in that
which past txperierice during 150 yeots taught- tlie-°ll°thi"
justifiable. Vet the evidence in these cases was full of glaring
contradictions. Si.1111t: of the witnesses swearing at one exami..
nation, there were ritimhers of slaves, plotting together„ and
at another that there were not more than four or five m4aves
present. It was manifest that the report of these proCeetlings,
roust have .been excessively incorrect and defective, and it Wag
I,llcrifOre to be supposed that the effeel protliteed on the
of the jurors who ii4W Ural heard for themselves, w. s tar dif-
ferent that or a reader of the trials es it reported. What
tekd been urged :t3 to the dangerous principle of adducing-
the testiniont of the son against the fattier,WO his assent;
be reprobated the principle, but the practice was resorted
.tiet
in our Courts here, and where the life of a parent was forfeited
oil tie: testimony of a daughter.--(11 ear !)—The evidence of a
in this ease tao hati been attecAad to }os most material
iu deeiding the fate.of tiie areettsed. It was most materiel cer7
titittly—hut he would deny.this Woman to have been the wife of

the. accused, unless the woman wha cohabited with a man were '
to have the same privilege and immunity, from giving evidence
against the accused that his wife would have had. He was next
led to consider what was the real impressin of the persons can
stituting the judges and the accusers, as to the danger with
which they were threatened:. and he would 'here :lA' whether,
froM theletter addressed to Col. Cox on. the subjec't Of the ex-
pected rising, and his answer to it, it was not to he inferred that
he entertained an honest conviction that these slaveiew ere engaged
in a criminal conspiracy. That officer was well known to many in
that House, he was a native of this country, wlei had reechoed a
British education, and was a man of well known humanity. Inc
would-read some 'portions of a letter' froni Irditnell-,' front' a
man of whom he might fairly say, that no man;was more de-
sirous than him to ameliorate the condition of the 'Slihoe pOpula.
tion. The first passage he would read wits as followS We
had the misfortune to he obliged to institute proreeding*for a
conspiracy." This he would again observe was frornu gentle.
Ma.] who was amongst the foremost in running the same. race
with the lion. Gentleman that supported this twice:. He (31r.
Rennell) there went on to mention the nuede.r convicted anti
Punished,- and proceeded thus " all upon the eVidenee of slaves,
but nobody doubted the guiltiof the parties,-and only one of!the
naves who had been ex:loth:et:l had been suspected of false-
hood." This -was. the opinion.-eif a most respectable person
upon the spot, who not Only watiltree from any bias against the
blacks, but whose feelings wet- the most friendly 'towards
theta; his conviction was, that the persons convicted were
really guilty. They were at a distance, and were taking upon
them to say,. that twelve jaryinen, no, not twOve, hat four. or
live times twelve, for several sneccssive juria.i, had been ent.
pannelled, had prevented jostiee,:and lir oaths ; for
unless Hon. Gentlemen entertained that opiniori;'tbe,y could not
support the resolutions If they were of opinion'that they had
acted agreeably to the law, then however they might condemn
the law, they could not do otherwise than vote for the
Con aids lion. Friend.. That motion pronounced a censure
upon the law, anti admitted the necessity of its anienilMent,
but did not pronounce a censure upon the persons who
nistered the law as they found it. bet theta condemn a vicious
system, let them take the-necessary steps for its abolition ' but
if thus far they had slept-opt:lt their posts, and- had suffered bad
laws to remain in existencdo them not 'eaticlemn those Velie
had'eaecuttid the law as it had been placed in their hands. lie
had thought it his duty to Make these few observations;beeauSe
he felt that every- prinetpfouf lustiee would be-violated, if the
original resoluttona were adapted.
Mr. W. liciuTortexplained.

Dr. LUSIIINGTON„ said that lie felt to strong an, interest in
any discussion that related to the administration of justice, that
he could not be entirely silent,open the present occasion. The
argument of his lion. and 4,earned Friend amounted to this.._.
that if the forms of law only were observed, whatever atrocity
might be committed, the Hogse of Commons was prohibited
from inquiry. His 'erguminq also was—that there was great
difficulty iu that House coming to a fair decision upon the
question, on account of the distance. Now, if these arguments
were to be ,held valid, no matter what crying injustice might
be committed—no matter how much innocent blood might be
tired,: that Muse way still to be precluded from interfering.-
lie on the contrary thought it was the imperative duty of Par-
liarneet to see that justice was duly administered in its distant
possessions. here if an apprentice was ill
.used—if abuses were
discovered in a jail; some Member was always ready to bring
it under the notice. of Yarlipment. But unfortunately for the
Colonies, the grossest abwieir took place, and were too frequent.
ly passed over withoid nonce. In .the case now„ beta° the
House, ten or twelve persons had been executed upon evidence
which, as thr ai it appeared, was altogether irrsuMcient.—
The lion. and Learned Gentleman here commented with much
severity, on the conduct of the Deice of• Manchester, and on the
evideirce on which the peesons executed in Jamaica, hadbeen.
convicted of conspiracy. !His Hon.
.anti Learned Friend had
expressed eloqinetly and strongly his disapprobation Of the
spew/. How could it be thought that 13 jurymen4l)(l.s magis-
trates would condemn their fellow-creatures to death unless int.
pellet' by a system of which the effect Must be to' create preju-
dices and awaken apprehension. It had been said that no bribes
had been administered, that no one had beeojewarded for their
evidence. He would in answer to this refer to the revert of a com-
mittee of the House of Assembly, by which-it appeared that 317/,
had been granted to the Parith of St.. Mary, in order'th pay the
expellees attendant upon the menumieeien of certain. slaves who
were rewarded by freedom for the services they had rendered,
and the itiforniirtion they hod given. This was the pure and
unspotted edministratiou.ofjustice of which they had heard.
Thu; practice tended to polltiteithe•sourote of' justice—it offered
to to a slave to accuse his fellOW slave, and that tern pta.
tion was-the greatest boom that could. be bestowed upone man—.
his own freedom. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman proceeded
to censure the Duke of Manchester fits-,,having consigned. to,
detail so many individuals without the strictest investigation,
when the 'nature of the evidence given against. them on their
trials'had been such as must naturally have awakened sushi.
cion. 11e, censured also the omission of the Magietrates, who
presided on these trials, to cross-examine the witu6seS, who
bore testimony, not upon oath, aainst men Who had no Couniel
to defend them, end Who were altogether incompetent.to under-,
take their own defetiee. But it had been alleged that one of the
ctesheedemned slaves confessed the existence of garAValla
placeof execution, .Uyon that mots ,
atlis, Mll my 41 that his confession
vLey. few queetieue,4o.o4l-e
eeei4seireverasseere the graves of the suf.
ferers had not been dug under the gallows—whether the Clergy-
man who attended the execution had not promised their hew to
thsi two who made a conteseion—and if at last all, without
exceptiOn, had not -reamed to .confess? All this he believed,
.for he had it all upon the authority of an eye-witness. He did
not deny.. the propriety of admitting accomplicesto be King's
evidence in certato cases in England; riot in Jamaica, to admit
slave: :accomplices- its • King's evidence, Where universal- pre-
, judice:against slave evidence was so strong that the Houee of
-
Assembly woad rot coilient to render. it adolii:9110 its onY ease
afreeting die eliglit4it 'interest of re white man, certaitil,_v ap.
peered to be monstrous. - What, in tact, „ was it but to offer a
premium for false evidence, and that too • in a society where
ntlse evidence was presumed to he co easily Obtalhed. It Was
the-misfortune of ttie-siate of slavery, that it placed the masters
lin a state. in which they naturally. were , led to the apprehen-
slob that they could not althrtl-to be, just. Where there was
20000 free men, and 'O,OO slaves' there the physical power
was in the hands or theelaves; therefore the proprietors feared
to apply to, them those principles which humanity wield be
thought to acquire in the case of a white. The Hon. and
Learned Gentleman produced several instances to prove that
the tendency of slavery was to brutalize the dispositions' of the
slave-masters ; and concluded by calling upon the House to keep
its door always open to the claims of humanity, to be always
ready to do justice, and to ptinish oppression.
, .

S t tat t le Honourable
' The SOLIIITO ENFR 11 1 1 ' 1
and Learned Gentleman had merdly proposed a resolution with
a view to it prospective his reso?utinn had only gone
to the introduction of a better system in future--he should not
have objected to it. But the proposition of his Bon. Friend
might be d iv hied into two parts. The first part wentto criminate
the Juries, the Magistrates, antj the Governor. In that branch
of his thin. Feriend's object, he could not agree.. So fur front
finding any thing In their conduct which fairly called for an ex.
icressiof of the stnrow and indignation of that 'louse, he could
hot tine in it any just grounds tit reproach. " Their conduct was
not tit be juti.;cd accordiog to the law of England. The fair
luestion WUti, hail it been illegal aceord Mg to the law of.laninica.
ie wad not prepared to say that he did not wish the law of
JaMaica to be assimilued to the. aw of England ; he was not
prep:fred to say that he would object to the situation of the slave
being equalized with t hat of the white man in respect to every op.
portuuity and liberty of dcfence.• To any proposition having
these prospective olkr (Is to view, he should curtainiy not; object.
Thu lion. end. latarned Gentleinan continued for some time to
entbrce the distinction between.seeking an improvement of the
nresent system, and stigniati4ing those who had acted upon it
us asystern they hail tinind established. lie trusted the
internal 14'4,:cthiatttri, of janiaicii. would amend their laws, if they
neglect( ll to do so,. it might become the duty of that House to
lonoorable Gentlemen contended that the con.
stitutiOn bad iii,.: transactions of Jamaica, he
bogged, on t.ha oilier hand, to ash th(n) if there woiild not be a
gross violation of otuAtinitional principle to visit the original
siti9 and errors of the law upon those who had been engaged
ita.atitninistrini,,m., Liu wi-os disposed to adopt any measures
which might /dace the mastert, and the slaves upon the sante
footing with respect to crimitittl jurisprwiettee, but lie consi.
who were called on
to the law as it now
teorpedu, twt; i at
with faliymn
ittioviceoLn
f;r ~il this vu ea
to dispense it. To whatever circumstance belonging to the
trials in .question' censure was thought: to be due, whether
to the admission of slave evidence, whether to the irre.
Gulag form of the indictment, whether to the insufficiency of
tilt whole evidence— for not one of these circumstanced could
the Judge be justly held responsible. And, with respect
no the conduct of the Jury,' who could- expect a Jury in
Januticatd be so cautiously nice, so curiously critical, so skilled
in evidence its juries were. sontethnes found to be in England.
The Honourable and ',earned dentleman then commented on
the unfounded and inconsistent charges against the Duke of
le\iviiitlyiej:inadectuined'ilwilsielnveBritty°.ll.alele°lthielanlf.
Nated ltix ct?lnplaint against the confusion and the want of can.
door,slicwo in accusing the ado' ittistrittorS of the law on account
of the'inWerfcction3 of the law its,lf. Those who deemed it so
:unreasonable that the evidence of shrives should be excludamtitiilne
certain cares e.. mod admitted iu others, .would do well to recollect
'that even tills eeuntry
pre6el.t day, altogether free from the clanntrilgewaciiifni°ntecovel?
of
evliemryasainitil
lincsttitft,rne.:ltillietTceolvibil(sieireedbyit. co
whicll oranzilistat;y3ns ef: I
inigi,f be affected according to the cehnir their skin, fie con-

eluded IV expressing his dissent from the Resolutions of his
Hon. and Learned Friend.
Mr. %V. 'SMITH said he had heard with great satisfaction the
`Hon. and Learned Gentleman apply the term accursed to the.
system of colonial slavery. He had even gone further, and
stigmatized the proceedings they were thin discussing as ae-„
cursed proCeetlingiW
The SOLICITOR-GENERA L said thathe believed he had
not used that expresekin with relation to the partiCuter proceed%
ings of.Tarnaica.
r. W. SMITH said, the Hon. and Learned Gentleman had
called, the isystem.accprsed because it. produced such laws as
those in which the proceedings were defended. lie thought his
language justified the construction he had put upon it. The
Honourable Member proceeded then to comment upon the
transactions at Jamaica which he did not impute to individual
character, but to the inherent vices of the colonial system.—
That system produced prejudices so strong, that justice was
not likely to be,rendered to the slave. He could not under.
stand What was meant by
_technical distinctions. Was it a
technical distinction to reject or admit hearsay evidence at
third hand, when it affected the lives of human beings. The
Hun. Gentleman then commented on the indisposition shewn
by the Legislatures of Jamaica to amend the laws as regard-
ed the evidence of slaves, and their objection to suffer the Bri-
tish Parliament to legislate for them. Public opinion, how-
ever, might have 'sonic influence, and he therefore called upon
the House at once, as the organ and the guide of public opinion,
to mark its sense of the injustice which had been committed.—
Under all the circumstances, he thought they were bound to
go further than merely to impute mistake to those who con-
ducted the proceedings. It had been said they were not to abo-
lish slavery at once, because the Christian religion had done
away slavery gradually; but were they to suppose two or three
hundred years were to be taken to abolish a modern system of
slavery. The doctrine appeared to him to be absurd. The
amendment did. away the public opinion, which they ought to
express against public administration, when marked by irregu.
larity anti misconduct. _ _

Sir HOBERT WII.BON thought the Hon. and Learned
Member who brought the subject before the House, was en:
tided to the thanks of the country. The Attorney-General had
called on them not. to pass a vote of censure on the persons con.
cerned in the judicature or jurisprudence of Jamaica. That
was the very thing he thought the House ought to do. He
considered .all the parties, guilty of nothing less than a legal
murder. Nothing could be worse than such a system. In
1822, James Simpson was tried for chaining down a female
slave 12 years of age, anti twice violating her person. At the
trial an exception was taken to the prosecution, on the ground
that she was not a human being, but a chattle • and, secondly,
that being a slave, her evidence could not be taken. The point
was submitted to the Twelve Judges of England, who decided
that under the existing laws of the Colony, they could not de-
cide against the objection, but the Judges and Government, to
their honour, sent out a remonstrance against the manner in
which the law was administered.

Mr. GOULRURN said that there were persons connected
with the Colonies whodid not support the mode in which thetie
trials had been conducted ; but when he looked at the proceed-
ings, he did net look at them for the purpose of criminating
men who acted in a situation different from any in this country,
who acted under fear, and under the effect of prejudice which
had long existed. lie looked at it with a view to a remedy
which might relieve the negroes, ameliorate their condition, and
make theta tit for emancipation. He should vote for the
Amendment because it looked to those objects. Like the Mein.
ber for Norwich, he wished to express public opinion with re-
spect to the proceedings of the Colonies. Could any man, after
reading the Amendment of his Right Ilon. Friend, doubt that
the public opinion had been expressed ? Would not the Colo-
nists see that all partiets blamed their proceedings ? If then the
amendment conveyed public opinion, why should he vote for
the original resolution ? It called on them to decide, without
due caution, and to pronounce 'an opinion on judicial pro.
ccedings carried on with the established colonial forms. If they
wished public opinion to be unanimous, they would concur in
the amendment. He was anxious it might be agreed to for the
purpose of promoting the cause they were all ready to support.
Mr. BitOUQIIAM said he entirely differed from the Right
Hononrable Gentleman who had 'just sat down, in the view
taken of the question. It' he could believe the amendment
would convey to the Legislature and Judicature of the Colonies
the opinion of that House, that the whole of their system was
wrong and wanted reform, he should not prefer it to the resolu. 1
tion.of his Hon. and beamed Friend, yet witch of the repug. '
nance he felt to it would be removed. But it way because the 1
amendment got rid of the question ; . because those indefensible
procedings were sought to be screened, lie should vote against
it. The fault was said to be in the system. All the ttials were
eoopled with, the forma of law, therefore, said the amendMent,
it is not safe to express sentiments respecting the parties. His
Learned Friend the Attorney. General, did not deny the Myr°.
priety of the proceedings, and the Solicitor-General had said,
God forbid that he should defend these proceedings. They were
calLd upon to think as much as they considered proper on the
subject, but were not to pass a vote,
.because it would impute
blame on those whom limy all admitted to be worthy of cen-
su re: llis Learned Friend had complained of the vague manner
in whicli the Negroes had been put on their trial. The Attor-
....t.s..ligte!itgt as it was, it was legal. Though Wes
applied to the Blacks. lifts :r-ittelkligl.Ul4Vl2B„ll4i”n*
Justice had been violated by the Jamaica Law. Ile had how-
' ever :: little doubt uponthe Law of Jamaica bad as it was. The
trials in St. George's and Hanover Parishes were more regularly
tried than the Negroes in St. Mary's Parish. Ile might, without
any want of charity,. entertain a belief that there was less re-
oulatitY in the St; Mary's trials than in the other parishes. The
impatience of Colonel Cox, who stated that a number of exe.
cottons were . necessary, before the Christmas holidays led to
iiregularity. ~ Coupling Col. Cox's expressions with his docu-
ments, lie found that in one.tropical hull, eight. men were tried,
upon a charge no one could understand, and upon evidence no
one could believe. Thotie eight unfortunate men were tried and
convicted, because it was necessary to satisfy curtain alarmists by
having a number of executions before the Christmas holidays.
/fire these proceedings to be justified and passed over by Par.
Governer,iiarnot i?
Ile knew how the House felt on the question. The
with his officerm about him—with his legal advisers
about hint,
w„;:ld not give breathing time ; but sent itutriedi.
ately an order to exe.;.!
days.. He wished it not
t to l
tethe, men before ie Christmas holl.
of applying to those proceedingse e strongest reprobation of
undeztood diet lie was desirous
the House. He did not wish to apply
ham::er expressions to
the Governor -and others, than their situation justinta.. lie
_
considered the sentences unjust, but the only charge on that
account Wits, that they did not possess sufficient firmness in
time of danger. At the same time the expression of that
House was necessary. It behoved the House to express an opi-
nion that might prevent ,a similar occurrence, and convince
men that flirt-mess was required in the exercise of authority;
and that men in a panicshould not lend themselves to shed in.
nocent blood, because other alarmists would have it so. If
nandreic4oeurdminedg
these errors passed unreprobated, it would go out to the West
Indies that such acts were justifiable..
the
pass
without o
the expression of indignation and abhorrence with respect to the
GentlemaniSre secretary
71d CANNINGnot rh hit ivdtit vote iffto
transactions on the face of the two resolutions, neither would
he consent to tone of those resolutions,- but be anxious to record
the amendment. Upon the Honourable and Learned Gentle-
man's sliming the original- resolution could not strictly claim
support. It took oneungraduated expanse of Sweeping inter-
diction. In order to aggravate the, trials or St. Mary's pd.
tisli, the Hon/ and Learned Gentlemen gave the details of
proceedings its St. George's and Hanover Parisheti—.to which
41e attributed ts delicacy in the proceedings, which discriminated
'tmthrasaitsnelsieeaccititi
iiwdo
transactions.
conveyto
lbieli
is
eenvi
generaleftwir
die same from-the trials of St. Mary's. IL was clear, therefore,
lae
nn and
took, the
e 0 ettiiitslcerniinaliiiwititaitd; ttivtalisett
nottlie
hislilfi theLi tri
ie:l
ill :won
no. a:lin:it:want:
tiesda
or nnn eetttli:
t(et;:eitniuittrekserri
different
ictiv:in:,ititit.iii.r e .t.)1,0:11e' lilt eirulreolnopil. i t
ion
. the amended resolution laid down
collected from the whole of the proceedings
ettititerveiliwicalis wgrlttliutendmreone subject to a cod • totallydifferent
were
amendment.
code
that rites considered
was, that they
that Negro lite was
had contained six that
Wai Cale!llated to bring meithie nleinotti.se The
tiallnei:eni,ot•rnc I trit'sc'.l-'
the rettolution of the Honourable upd Learned Gentleman
slaves i
il
times less, he might' have agreed with him. The Right Honourable Secretary. would not have objected had
it been in these terms :—" /laving taken into consideration the proceedinge in Jamaica, with respect to the trial of
pctherycelzewfiethltionndirgetautcluitoi
1823 and 1824, the House felt it their dtuttnydtomenxtrortlsetlhe sorrow
tbatlit,
gn
atnhtel cat:entail:tire in the strongest i htei:
had been a perversion of the
iiwitutzennobeetrei tpinreewpalaeretri eeldiletttilotienaptilionrienvxiiestci oil:le-its! theexecution."
lawT iio ant}ltig she: tt n
lion.c s ,
Nending the reform of criminal justice in respect to slaves.e
tpte::::eilr.c.st.: i
iiiii -,
of their duty
1.1-version of
law He was ready to contend the law ought Lot to exist. Ile
mut prepared to contend the law ought to be ititered, 'but was not
of fit
prepared to-say that the House in the discharge
freight to censure the parties Mr precipitancy anti
who pronounced
That
. pronounced the
theittw. The Right Hon. Gentleman considered
tion not only extravagant hut untrue. He was thati Pr"P°Bl,-
They were under the influence of
to give an opinion on the precipitancy
charge included two persons, 'thee Judge;to
iitrilstotantc;,;,:x:er.ccuPidior:
themselves of that
..ti
Judges
sceil
aadn
it .the r Gtouovredrenrort
islveh who
prisoners
sd it
power, but senTtit:
tlyrtydiddidnont oatvatilio.t.he
awlharicni:,
the Governor. The charge, then, of
°Now; as.to the Duke of Manelester—tiprecipit.tney was Islse
le state in which that No-
itlernan stood was that of the reprementative of the Sovereign of
this country—its exercising tlte best prerogative of tae Crown

—mercy. With respect to that prerogative and the measures
Which became necessary, a question would arise, namely, whe-
ther the House would interfere in the exercise of it. He could
not conceive a more formidable
,preregative. In the exercise
of mercy, the House must leave it unquestioned, or take it
away. They destroyed its essence if they made it the subject
of Parliamentary inquiry. The Right Hon.-Gent. would never
make a question of any act which related to that prerogative.
His hope was, that he had stated his view of the question. He
assured the Hon. and Learned Gentleman if he had made him
(Mr. Secretary Canning) acquainted with his resolution, he,
should have suggested such alterations as might have led to- a .
general agreement, rather than form the amendment containing
their view of what it was beat for Parliament to do. Ilad the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman's proposition not contained that
which he considered dangerous, he should have been glad to
concur ; but he saw it as it was, and found it objectionable. The
amendment was best calculated to convey to the parties that
which Parliament ought to pronounce. It would produce all
the effect _of a specific Parliamentary censure on a judicial pro-
teeding. The House could pot object to vote " that theysawin
the proceedings which had been brought under their considera-
tion with respect to the late trials of the slaves, further proof
of the evils inseparable from a state of slavery in the proceed-
ing against the slaves in the trial of the Kith of May,
In a resolution to that effect the House could express its opi.
nion against the manner in which the law had, been allowed
to work. " lint however desirable it might appear that the
law should be amended, it slid not• appear expedient .to the
House to pass censure on persons for their conduct on trials ac-
cordin,,,- to law, and calledni for by existing circustances.
H " The
Right on. Gentleman was anxious to record that resolution.
They only differed :from the Hon. and Learned Gentleman
upon the expediency and prudence of censuring a proceeding
under judicial authority. It was dangeretti to fay down an evil
precedent by which they might be controuled in future tinter.
Although the proceedings had been disgusting, he could not
consent to censure any proceeding which lied the sanction of
law. The Right Hon. Gentleman expressed a hope that the
House wouldsee the endeavour to hump, this bridle on their
feelings was only to prevent those feelings from carrying them
too flu. By making it a precedent, they might in future find
themselves unable to avoid great inconvenience.—(Cheers.)
Mr. DENMAN, in reply, said he was most desirous an
unanimous resolution should go forth; and he assured the
Right Hon. Gentleman, that nothing could prevent him front..
complying with his suggestion, but an impression on his mind
that he could not with justice alter his resolution. The &tine.
On in his opinion was no other than a quibbling fallacy. The
language of his resolution was correct, and lie was justified In
saying it was a perversion of the law to bring 8 men to Waled
execute them, without allowing time for their defence. He
could not say the Judges were guilty of precipitation in riving.
sentence, but how could he withdraw the words of his resolution
from the Governor, who was bound to execute justice in mercy?
He was fully convinced that the system of justice in the Colo-
nies could not last long, unless Government intended annually
to cede to them, and thereby make a mockery of
regretted that he could not accede to the suggestion of
Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Canning); but he felt it his boun-
den duty to the country to take the sense of the House upon
his motion, however the fate of it might be decided.
The House then divided—
For the Amendment 103
For the Motion . 63
Majority • ....40
Sir C. LONG obtained-leave to bring in a Bill to Consoli-
date the haws relating to Pensions at Chelsea Hospital.
justice.
the
Mr. DICKINSON moved for a Select Committee to enquire
into the County Rates.
The House then adjourned at ONE O'CLOCK.

THE EXETER 'CHANGE •EI4EPHANT.

A vast number of persons yesterday went 10
1 •
Exeter 'Change, to view the carcase of the Elephant, which It
became necessary to kill on the preceding evening. The
noble animal lay in an upright position, as if it had bit'
down of its own accord, and the numerous perforations °I
the balls were distinctly visible about the head and temPle'•
The fatal ball was supposed to have entered his side, and
thereby reached its vitals. In the ferocious attach 'which'
ha made on the timber by which he was confined, .he
actually broke one, of. his tusks, which.was snapped ah°llt e
the centre. The other tusk had been broken when young'
It was unquestionably the largest elephant ever seen in tlbliti,t
country, and stood 11 feet in height. The unfortunate animal,
after it had received several balls in the head, sinstiocti"if
turned his back upon his assailants, and endeavoured 'to force
his way out, by pushing against the rails in that position.--.
Finding his ponderous weight thus forcibly pressed affakien:it,etsl7t
timber, and likely to effect the purpose In view, Cie
~....p...........1, 5....L.1.....3-6-1••• in ills
nitlilt.; and thus kept
tint at a short distance, until he fell. The body will remain 011
view till Saturday, when it is-supposed it will be dissectedi';
Mr. Cross waited on Sir Everard Home yesterday, w!th,tt
view. The only animal which manifested any exlt`:',l,
during the assault, was the lion, N4o, which lashed his ih•e-'
dashettagainst the iron bars of his cage,_ and evinced erectly
anxiety to come forth, and take runt in the Ohl. .51r* home
ere rveTterrA
has two elephants, a male and a female, on their risme --
from India.
The following particulars are not without interest :-.4" th:. ,
hlaisstsfiyvsetelyne,arhsadthteheelcenp„.echatnotthrelas;ded:thrgingithimhe
qrtulitetitn.g sesignhiatce
cited much alarm_; but the judicious means adopted bowete,_,
A Tre
yearsou administer. Cal toeginoetlheaaltinodimipilisanllpowlauasrigidseoscifutoiarfnioEtuiptatis,esoil:o)aftsztatiletti,iliceninfioeixti:entidsE.xei
t°41,0he.6.11n:
subsequentlyut
r iatlaisarsiy,oeaisctiirilonwsiesiienruaesll:igolanbli
iiiv:ieotithunutleiretosnmfilotivetxfitieticicrirwiwolseitiitdxthahniipnrcootbas:l,2:ldlolfsotanorsfedn,m.r
owww was
wasrl
ooto
fwrUawt
lb)
hieedir
en,
beg:
ntu,
teic,:,
he i
object desired was accomplished. On another occasion as," he.
e
od
seelNteocvnetinYthaerdloaiet,for a man as an active purgative, viPil), t"orftte
nistered without the slightest etrect being produced. l'xiient
I:3)hal:‘t:tallteths
mt: thei lastdcn fewlVas t•-, -.., first sY ,
animal, to prevent the probablne of danger. Th,i'len a portion
within reach afiltdiell:netl
ottne.tiiiriel actual rage was shown able) 4 week am.:, W •hl c-
t. a •
rtt(ru:iy'llied'ntrersiikwitawhanhnerttadihesetshuuel:ciihtaacdwenwisileumasdffitodontdirimoceenfpficageteirircriottoicantiropc.
the den
animal was so docile, that the keeper could safely :deer' in ti,,t 411;1
eyscatielrt:,ll:nder, but since the death ofiti
at all hours without using a spear ; but latterly the 11,rn et,,
aV. y erroneous statements have been made °f
et:tit:as:el
(c)fo)nasauyt,silebel
olreyl9tlbilusnscthuecse):
...:_wiseBella,vcobtrtriatrieucapt a;:csediolocult;estasaotrfcgrriati_sillee' ' ......B'..-
t,:sstrtitTy
.leterndance upon him . has been a service of' great u3ntity
the lawing
daily. consumption . ‘
,ia
of tares, a t uss of straw tgivan as a bed, but generally
- the
and tram 30 to 3el _
eedlone of water. The rest taken byiacrt,
nlephant wait- ahout.4 hours in the 24, during which he litY•
Keen, the tragedian, went to America, he fregliell".l„-,:ledtbe
elephant, and was much noticed by itn, When he r"-:-11 the
oanr tiliv,por)o,epaerrs
aagcle.7sle:2leitllie;h,eo,nft 'acUurrsotbseeasort-a;re:tetair(l7.,--aantettiw:
was instantly recoguized by Chuny (the "Me hy will:
died
animal was address,ele,
over hint. ill r. Kean sat down within his reach, and tiavecaeed,
b b e d related
eooi isbe ah chi his
two or three loaves of arced, which were rapidly nev"aer
subsequently,
and sore, the keeper lei
whenever Ire had a sore °lace' hC °
daily wull Ia
that,
Chun was so much pleased with this modem 7 reliefki take
w u
direct the
water in his sunk, atid thew it upon the sore, t0...../iie
attention of the keeper, of whom he was Very U
troll; seven,
Elephant was as striseiie of injury as kindness.
den jin a tong°
.years ago the keeper hay sate entered the -Thai aro,
dress, he was not recognized,. and the auroral Miele (eagle
theioisi ttive
lie.
ilu.
(int riyg
.0, ii
k.ns ets
lostewuni:
noidoe
fit u
,Inoi
_lsafraeregontiwibm,
tight
lr:
nun, fixing him to thew all between his bake, rand An.rodety
ing him with his trunk ; Si byestander, ill the lata.lav e - thigh
to SaVe the lire of the keeper, thrustet etitchfork inn attention
of the elePhant• This had the effect of diverting nitt4 Ite the as- .
from the keeper, who was able to make his escape)' ut".., tout
gallant wwi recognizA, antd from that day has ad %leo
proofs of Chuny's recollection. On some occasions !". it tot r
has taken dirty water into his trunk, and thrown
loos
the ()Keeler. During the season of excitement the earue
these synnitoms are noliced, the keepers ride the t iegs
they are much exhausted, and then confine their
ily, and
was
tailivaa'srgfte)rstereolnilliyatt,lioeriiinificeanniteanartilneoefatrhte eirle,j,7laidre‘iitei a
with ropes. When tiles subdued, they taco e, 01
teetiver id the course of a few daye.—The "` 0 tiCtOr'
tiLstroyiog this Elehant was foreseen by the Pr P coo°
and every lucerne were adopted which huleanllYee easy
suggest, to do the act speedily; but it is VeVer_at,,,,o ,a
Matter to destroy so powerful an animal, Some yeariVa, its
Elephant at Veiice was in the same state, and after IL"e"J'at;
keeptT, escaped into the market plaee, where he was fired
when he had received upwards of fifty shots, lie gat tent„t loge
rack
pieces of ordnance, he was fired at repeatedly, but pangwitlio tha ,
by the soldiers. A nine-pounder was then brought,
Yard, and after amustne himself -by tossing a°''t effect' '
first discharge felled him to the ground,
It::::tit
ant:rittibahrashwi
