111 E LONDON JOURINALS•

DAILY
Extracts front the Mariano- Papers, Dec. 23, 1825.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
,W.e are yet without the particulars of the death
of Alexander. There are individuals, well ac-
quainted with Russia, who are inclined to suspect
alai it Will turn out" he has not received fair play.
Ihey ground their opinion on the immorality of
Jttissian Nobles, and the deep displeasure
with which they viewed his system of military
colonization. Here A lexapder wounded them in
the tenderest point, for wherever slavery pre-
TAUS, the deadliest of all !-.;ns in the eye's of a
slave owner will be measures calculated to strike
at, their power over his slaves. The Russian
landowners did not conceal how much they were
incensed by the colonization system ; and it should
always be borne in mind, that though the army in
Russia is every thing, that army is officered by
Nobles. Indeed Dr. Lyal, in his lately published
Travels, all but says, that the Emperor could
hardly hope to escape the fate of his father
and grandfather. After observing that his words
and Ukases often proclaim other than his real
sentiments, ""in order to tranquillize his irritated
and all pOwerful Nobility," he proceeds to say;
Upon what a prickly and painful bed must
Despots repose, when even the mild, the good,
and the generous Alexander has not only to study
the humour of his Courtiers, his Ministers, his
Generals, his Admirals, and even of his Nobles,
but besides (as I have been assured), in order to
please them, to act contrary to the dictates of
his own heart. Who would envy the life of
such a Sovereign, with all its eastern, gorgeous
splendour, and all its apparently gigantic powers?
The shades of Peter I 11. and of Paul must some-
times disturb the midnight slumber of all their
successors to the Throne of Russia." Dr. Lyal
bears 'testimony to the general unpopularity
of the system of Military Colonization, which
'Alexander had, notwithstanding, determined on
prosecuting. But whatever may have been the
cause of his death, it can hardly fail to lead to
most important results in Europe. The Russians,
since the invasion, entertain the most exaggerated
ideas of their own power. The masters of slaves
in all countries are fond of war, first, because
the habit of domineering from infancy has a ten-
dency to develope in them those qualities which
most diSPose men to violence ; next, because it
at ds them that strong excitement in which
they delight ; and, lastly, because it holds out to
them hopes of obtaining means for indulging in
dissipation and extravagance. " To such an
extent," says Dr. Lyal, 44 has the taste for
military rank and military life grown upon
the Russians, that it involves all other con-
siderations ; and it is not uncommon to hear
these memorable words, ' Quanta je voir un
'officier civil it me donne mal au cceur; re-
sounding throughout the halls of the imperial
winter palace. Indeed the idea seems more than
ever to be spread throughout the nation, that a
:Man, whatever be his civil rank by birth, by edu-
cation, or by talents, is nothing—nay, is, in some
degree, contemptible—unless he has been a
iiOldler or at least has. acquired military title."
It is not likely that a Nation of this description,
'now that the man whose passion was peace, is
removed from them, would be very fastidious
"with respect to the grounds of justification of
hostilities.

[THE PUBLIC LEDGER.]
The Berlin Papers speak of the strong and
universal sensation which the death of Alexander
occasioned in that capital, tl►e moment it was
known. One of its effects was, to render the
Public Securities almost unsaleable for a tittle;
and we observe, from the Hamburg!' Papers,
that it had a similar effect in that Market. The
private letters received yesterday from the latter
place, describe another impression which it had
made there, we mean a most unfavourable one,
as far as the peace of Europe is concerned. We
find, too, that in Amsterdam the intelligence
threw a profound gloom over the Money Market,
and we strongly apprehend that the result
of every new arrival will be to shew that 'these
ominous signs have acquired a character of
greater consistency. The Paris Market also
has been deeply affected by the news ; and, to
judge from the tone of the Public Journals, the
effect is likely to be much greater. The latter,
for obvious reasons, are cautious how they give
:way to their forebodings; but in spite of this
circumspection, they have expressed themselves
in terms quite intelligible enough to convince the
' .most'careless Reader, that they see in this event
the dissolution of that harmony, which has hither.
to subsisted between. the principal Powers of
Europe.. This is a new instance of the in-
stability of political combinations, particu-
larly when they are formed to suit the ca-
price of Monarchs, and' are not founded upon the
immutable basis of justice. It is not four months
since the Emperor Francis, amidst a variety of
topics of a similar tendency, boasted of the per.
feet concurrence of views that subsisted between
him and his allies, for maintaining what he was
•• pleased to call the pacific system, or, i❑ other
words, the system for arresting the course of
human improvement, and extinguishing every
vestige of civil and religious liberty. What
is the value of that proud boast now ? The
keystone of the political arch, which was
thrown over the Continent some years ago,
has been washed away, not by the force of
popular passions, but by the fiat of Omnipotence,
and the mighty superstructure will 'soon follow.
4.11 attempts to prop it will be as useless us per.
.." nicious ; and the European Continent, front the
Guadalquiver to the l3orysthenes on the one side,
and from the shores of the Baltic to those of the
Bay of Calabria on the other, will, probably be-
fore the lapse of half a dozen years more, see the
...Property and persons of its inhabitants placed
under. the protection of just laws, instead of being
!subjected, as they are for the most part now, to
the brutal violence-and demoralizing influence of
arbitrary power.

LMORNING POST.
Accounts said to have been received from the
Prussian Consul at Warsaw, present the colour
