then he taught the Peers to go.. A college may be es-
tablished at St. Alban's, where their Lordships may be
taught during the Parliamentary recess. Six months
is said to be the time in which the great master makes
a pig manageable and fit for the road ! and sup-
posing that double the time would be requisite to
conquer the habitS of Peers, in a couple of Sessions
we should have a Reformed House. We would
just suggest, by the way, that if the pigs were fellow-
scholars with the Peers, the school might be conducted
on the plan of mutual instruction. The great diffi-
culty, we conceive, both in preparing pigs and Peers for
a straight course, is to conquer their propensity to
go astray after this and that foul mess that tempts
them on the road. The man who can conquer this
propensity in them does wonders. It has been accom-
plished ip the instance of the four hogs at St. Alban's,
which are content to eat out of their own troughs.
We should like to see four self-willed Tory Peers sub-
jected to a similar system of training. It would be
good to make a beginning with the Duke of Newcas-
tle, Lord Winchilsea, Lord Falmouth, and Lord Lon-
donderry. We may be sanguine ; but what we hear
of the improved swine gives us hopes of the Lords.
—Morning Chronicle.
We gave insertion the other day to the only report
then before us, from a Tory journal, of a dinner given
to Mr. O'Connell, by his friends and admirers in Man-
chester ; and our readers will find it followed,up in our
columns this day by another, from a more impartial
source, of the reception he met with at Newcastle, and
the sentiments to which he gave utterance upon the
occasion. It is rarely that we have had the satisfac-
tion of being able to compliment Mr. O'Connell, either
upon the judicious selection of his topics, the mode-
ration of his language, the accuracy of his reason-
ings, or the toleration extended by him to thor, who
differed from him, in however trifliniL a de,-;ce, in po-
litical sentiment ; but in the P,7,se referred to, bating
some ugly expressions a°_, unnecessarily brought for-
ward, as well as cali-ulated to disgust the better por-
tion of the and thereby to injure the cause
whose acl7:ocacy he has undertaken—we say fairly
say t./:,at the speech at Newcastle was characterized by
".nuch judgment, by excellent reasoning, more admira-
ble illustration, and greatly improved moderation of
language. The admirable manner in which he de-
scribed the virtues of the House of Lords, and exposed
the blessings of which they have, during the past Ses-
sion especially, been the source, has rarely been ex-
celled, and perhaps never equalled, except by him- who
has no superior, and, we may add, no rival; while his
exposure of the hollow pretensions of the Tamworth
conformer, must set them at rest for ever with all who
are not wilfully blind to the truth. With regard to the
former, he observed with great justice,—
" We are oppressed, and by whom ? , By the House
of Lords—very wise and sagacious councillors—they
turned out three bills, because one man had approved
of them. If that man, who shall be nameless, were
wrong, the reasons that showed he was wrting ought to be
sufficient to induce them io reject the bills ; but if he
were right, as some of you suspect, it may be undignified to
say so, what dcas and knaves were they who threw them
out because they knew he was right ?"
Then, again, after enumerating several Bills which
were thrown out by the Lords, he says,—
" Then came the Tithe and Appropriation Bill.—(The
Hon. Gentleman here entered into a minute detail, show-
ing how greatly the Catholics preponderated beyond every
other religious community in Ireland, and added,) did
we seek that the surplus derivable from the Church reve-
nues should be applied exclusively for the benefit of the Ca.
tholics ? No, no. All we asked was that it should be ap-
plied equally to the moral and religious education of the
people, without discrimination as to what sect or belief they
belonged. What did the House of Lords do ? We asked
them, won't you give anything for education, and their re-
ply was, not a sixpence, not a penny. But then they said,
after Sir RObert Peel, there is no surplus from the Irish
Church. If there is no surplus to be employed, what harm
is there in giving a declaration of the principle ? The
House of Lords knocked down that Bill, though that
principle would h.-re been a very great thing for the peo-
ple of Ireland. Six million five hundred thousand people
pay for clergymen they do not want! If any man
said that the Catholics should pay for the lawyers, phy-
sicians, or surgeons of the Protestants, would it not be
called robbery ? Is it not equal robbery, then, to make
them pay for their spiritual physicians ? You see what a
quantity of mischief, of injustice, the House of Lords have
committed. Look back and see the number of Bills they
have destroyed. Thus it is that they perpetuate the sick'.
ness of the heart from hope deferred. Looking for the
redress of their grievances, and looking for it in vain, would
you endure that any gang or banditti, I care not by what
name you call them, should treat them and you contemptu-
ously. In one word, I will call them rogues. I inculcate
peace—l do not want the stones to mutiny—but I recom-
mend to you perseverance and perpetual agitation until you
obtain the amelioration of yore Institutions. The cry will
go through England—es-:i. man will look at his neigh-
bour and say, are you for the slavery of England, or for
the improvement of her in-stitutions ; or will you suffer the
Peels and the Goulburns to prey upon the freedom offEng-
gland, to tarnish that which they cannot destroy, and to
prey upon that which is too bright and too glorious for ani-
mals so obscene."

With regard to Peel, it would be injustice to his
pretensions not to place them in the broad light of day:
" The speech of Sir Robert Peel at Tamworth is a speech
of utter defiance of the people of England. He says he will
have power over you and over us, but I think he is greatly
mistaken, and I read badly the History of England, if Eng-
lishmen will submit to such a ruler. He says I thought I could
have managed the affairs of England, because I thought I
was strong myself, and because I thought the reformers
would quarrel amongst themselves. Fas est ab haste
doceri. We see what our enemies wished we should do ;
we see the prudence of the course we have adopted of union.
Peel said, I thought the Irish and O'Connell could never
agree' with the Melbourne Administration. We had a hang-
dog choice ; if we did not take Melbourne we must submit
to Peel, and that would have been a perpetual coercion bill
for Ireland, and from this spot I taunt Peel in reply.
I tell him that the choice we made our heads dictated, and
our grateful hearts now confirm. From the moment they
came into power there is not a single act which the Mel-
bourne Administration could do to promote the welfare of
Ireland, to relieve her distresses, to soothe her sufferings, and
to mitigate her oppressi:on, that they have not done freely
and actively.—(Cb':.ters, and great applause.) The next
part of Peel's speech referred to the Protestant Dissenters.
These hypocrites have bad memories, Joseph Surface is
liabl to forget. I have the honour to be acquainted with
P. great many Protestant Dissenters. They are generally
well informed ; there are blockheads amongst them, there is
one in this neighbourhood, who, though a Dissenter, stands
up for the Establishment. If there be such a member,
what a fellow he must be ! If the Establishment be right,
he ought to join it ; if wrong, he should not_ attempt to
support it. The most of Dissenters that I have met with
are intelligent and well-informed. Does Peel think that
they forget his history ? He stood against the repeal of
the Test and Corporation Act. Last year there was a ques-
tion whether Dissenters should be allowed to take degrees
at the Universities. Honest Peel, the friend of the Dis-
senters, opposed it.—(Laughter.) And at the end of his
Tamworth speech, he sets about praising Louis Philippe,
the French despot who stops the freedom of the press, winFli,
teaches men to know their rights—which expand; the
powers of the hurnan mind—he stops the pr-ogyess of the
most valuablf information—informatin that teaches men
to defend
their liberties, but not to endanger the peace of so-
cletf ; this was the Prime Minister of last year, :who wishes
'to be Prime Minister again."

To this last part of Mr. O'Connell's speech we refer
with much satisfaction. It is an ample apology for
much of evil and of misrepresentation which he lately
alleged against the Press of England and its conduc-
tors, and for which we deemed it necessary to chas-
tise him, and as such we receive it. Let him but do,
and speak the truth, as he has dune, and as he has
spoken it, at Newcastle, and
cordial te will find as warm and
reception from
from those of his ..ne people of the North, as
awn isle—overturn many of the pre-
judices whitt,
. .
he has created against himself by his
own v'.olence of language and mariner—and, what is
of more importance, lay open the minds of the people
to the reception of truths such as those which he spoke
at Newcastle, which a different manner would com-
pletely seal up.—. Morning Advertiser.

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.—Monday Morning,
about six o'clock, two men named Holden, father .and son,
were crossing the drain near Mount Pleasant in a small
boat, to go to their daily work, when one of them stepped
too much on one side and the boat instantly ups,t.. The
son by some means could not extricate b;griself crom the
boat, under which he was founds quite dead. The father
was taken out of the drain, tvaikriv exhausted, by a ma xi who
happened to be on the spot,
about being married in The ill-fated young mall was
few days, his intended bride
having arrived only QD ,V
,
Heald. . ~ .iaturday last at Bostou,—Bosion
