THE CIVIL LIST.

Mr. HUMS brought forward his motion on the expe-
diency of a revision of the Civil List, with a view to a Re-
duction of the INnsions granted by his Majesty. The non.
Membee argued at 'great length against the doctrine that the
House had no right to interfere with. the question after the
settlement which. was formerly come to. He contendS4l
that the Parliament had, over and over again, au interfered,
and that the principle had never been established. He then
went into statements to shovi that the sinus now granted in
pensions -were greater thati had been contemplated by .the
Act, or -than the services of the individuals who received
them'vieie fairly entitled to. 'they could not take from the
pensions already granted, hut they could stop the granting
of more pensions. He mild not" understand how the Lord
Steward, the Master of the Horse, or the Lord Chamber-
lain, could expend the sums set down to them. After some
further remarks, he moved that the House should resolve
itself into a, Cinninitiee; for the purpose of taking into con-
sideration the expediency of revising the Civil List, as far
as regards the sums now appropriated to the payment of
pensions on his Majesty's Civil List in England, Ireland, and
Scotland, with the view of reducing the same.

The CHANCELLOR. of the EXCHEQUER had on a
former occasion resisted a motion made by the honourable
Member, for the production of certain pape:s relative to
the Civil List, and he did so under the conviction that the
motion was intended to lead to one for a general revision of
that list. Some Hon. Gentlemen had said at the time
that it /vas impossible the Hon. Gentleman could intend
:my such course. The 'Hon.. Gentleman had, however,
that night paid a tribute to his (the Chancellor of the Ex..
chiequer's) judgment by confirming the opinion he had then
extar_seed,_ lie had opposed the former motion on .the
ground that it was calculated to lead to unconstitutional
measures ; for-he contended,- and-it was palpable, that•the
settlement of the Civil List, as made at the commencement
of the reign, was binding upon Parliament, unless the
Sovereign ceased to perform this part of his compact.•—
He entirely denied that the Hon. Gentleman had shown
ppy precedent to justify his motion; even upon the ground
orgc,c,pomy the measure proposed was not advisable. But,
what l'er ruiglit be the nature of the details, it was in his
view a matter of no consequence, for lie objected to the
measure upon principle—(hear),—and although histories
might be furnished to the House of his Majesty's kitchen
and stables—(hear, hear),—lie should still, as he then
imequivocally oppose the motion of the Hon. Mem-
ber fog• Montrose.--(Cheers.)

- _
Mr. -HUSWeISSON supported the view taken by his
Right Hon. Friend the f.thancellor of the Exchequer. He
also contended that the Civil List, with respect to pen-
sions and oecasional demands upon the CroWn, was re-
diced, as compared with 1782, nearly one-half. There-
fore, even if the House were at Liberty to deal with the Civil
List, he maintained that no.interference was desirable. He
trusted, therefore, that the House would not hesitate to
reject the motion, and entered his. protest against alt. the
principles upon which it was founded.--(Hear.)
Mr. HUME replied.-- . .
The'House then divided, when there appeared....•
For the Motion 13* •
kgainst it. A 5
idc.jority against the Motion —72 •
CIVILPZATJON OF HAYTI.
Mr. HUMS could not anticipate any objection to the
motion be was about to make. If it shoidd appear that an
immediate ehattge from slavery to freedom had hulneed the
Haytians to become industrious and useful citizens, the pre-
cedent might be referred to with respect to the treatment of
our own Colonies with advantage i if p contrary result
should appear to have proceeded front the sadden change,
the information derived would be equally advantageous by
proving the necessity of caution. The Hon. Gentleman
,thep moved that an humble Address be presented to his
Mate gyi Fraying that there might be laid before the Hiause
copies or earzki49, communications, or statements, which
may haVs reeeiyo:4 any departments of his Majesty's"
Government, on the subjects
Narti.
9f f9reigo Ord domestic
of the agriculture, of the increase or decrease p' f41391)911-
tioAr
nf,o.f
PEELtbe said, that
legislation, and civilization
hat as the motion was not calculated
10 0H for any communications which might embarrass any
polideajawatiol, be had no objection to it.
The Motion NSW O.eP agreed to, and an Address ordered
to be presented to'bia
Sir A. GRANT brought :up the yep..?Tt on the Ways and
Means Appply, and Excise Revenue Acts, Ay! Feaaletions
upon with* were severally read and agreed' to, and Bills 1
orilered,to' hromgh,t geordingly.
ALy. H.QIJ.Fgs ,cF,RTlpc,vrg (SCOTLAND).
po xiAe jo,i4ma of Mr.. U. Da uNaprip? Nxiteh Ale-
Lames .Certificates wsi, after a few words Fortin,"
• *
Hume, read a,tlird ,time apd passed.
CORPORATE FPAIDS.
•
AIK OTWAY CAVE brought in a Bill fur preVeßting
the application of Corpokato Funds to the pprposea of
The,
.•lectiotis Members to serve, in Parliament.
• , was fixedßill
for
was read a first trine, and the second readin s -
Thursday next.-,-The Bill ordered to be printed.
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, and the
House adjourned at Nine o'clock. '

The Earl of ABERDEEN and Loril STUART
ne RaritsAY had interviews with the puke of WM- ING-'
TON yesterday at the Treasury,

?mews Or zaistr wioci
Bank Stock
Consols, 3 per cent 84%
Gov. Stock, 3% por rent 924
Ditto, Now tF2►
4 per Cent.— .. . .......
Gbv. Deb. 3% per cent 93%
Royal Canal Stock
Grand Canal Stock
City Deb. 4 per cent. --
Ballast Office Deb. 4D. ct.

COUXSE OF /LICH.
•
Amsterdam C.F.12 21
Ditto, at sight 12 Oa
Rotterdam 20. 12 3
Antwerp 12 3
Hamburgh M. 13. 13 131
Altona 13 19/
Path, 3 days' sight
Ditto 2 U. 25 65
Bordeaux 25 '7O
Berlin
Frankfort pn Maine, Ex. 51.1
retersbargh, rbie... 311 s. 10 0
Vienna, effective tl. 2 114.1. 10 3
"IYieste do.. lO 9
Madrid 3554
Cadia 35N'
itilboa , 35
Barcelona 35
Seville 3514
oibraltar 4Z

Mal
Arrived. Due,l
O America 1
1 Brasil
O Buenos Ayres
I Dublin
O Flanders 0
O 'France
1 Gottenburgh 0
O , Guernsey &Jersey 0

teltikt WAVE* AT LONDON BRIDCIt TO—MOKItpW,
Morning... 2 minute► after 2.1 Evening ....22 minutes after 2,

•
• - - ..•
ri rt.
„mitt

LONDON.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JUNE 11, 1828.

As a matter ecourse, the Catholic Question
has been. hist in the House of -Lords. That
August Body has decided that it 'is not "expe-
dient to consider the . Laws affecting his. MA-
JESTY'S Roman Catholic subjects in Great
Britain and Ireland, with a view to such a final
and conciliatory adjustment as may be condu-
cive to -the peace and strength of the United
Kingdoni—to the stability of the .Protestant
Establishment—and to the general satisfaction
and concord of all classes OIJaS. MAJESTY'S
stibjecis." A perusal of the debate will,
ever, satisfy the Roman CatholicsAliat the oppo-
sition to their claims is gradually enfeebled, and
that vial the rankest bigots begin to perceive
that justice and common sense must ultimately
triumph'.
The Majority, as on a former occasion, was
44. At the conclusion of Lord ELDON'S
moving speech a Noble Lord actually fainted,
(in imitation, no doubt, of the LORD CHANCEL'.
LOD'S feint.) We have neither space nor pa-
tience for any lengthened comments.

.The Paris Papers of Monday convey no
ditional information:lmin the East of Europe,
but. the Moniteur of Sunday contradicts
report that a Treaty of Offensive and teten4
Alliance had been concluded between. Austria
and Sardinia, by which the latter had engaged
to put into the power of the, former the form- of
Alexandria and Bramant. The report appears
to have been got up for Stock-jobbing:purposes,
and we at the time gave it no credit.

The Journal de St. Petersburgh, of the 24th
of May, says, that the number of Ships that have
arrived at Ovonstadt up to the 22d is 162, and
19 sailed.

The letters from Archangel, of the Bth May,
say that the ice on the Dwina broke up on the
7th ; the barks from Volgoda and Vialka were
.expected to arrive in a week.

ExcHAl:io ox LoNbox.—Three moats, 10 9-32 Z.

We are happy to -perceive, by the following
official document, that the Provincial Junta,
lately established at Oporto, has received jhe
countenance of the Plenipotentiaries of Don
PEDRO.---it must be a death-blow to the hopes
and machinations of Don MIGUEL and his
plotting mother :

Circular addressed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majecty the
Einperor.of Brazils, as King of Portugal, tn the respective
Brazilian Legations in. Europe, dated LundOn, June 10, 1828.

, His Imperial Majesty, in his capacity of King of Portu-
gal, providing in his wisdom against the event of the Re-
gency confided to his Most Serene •Highness the Infante
Dori Miguel ceasing to exist, either by reason of any dig.
turbances which might take place in Portugal, or of any
legitimate•impediruent arising to prevent his Royal High-
ness flow exercising his functions, having been pleasod to
authorise the undersigned to enter into official communica-
tion With the Government that might in consequence be
'installed there, in conformity with the 93d article .of the
Constitutional Charter, orin his august name, in defence
of his:incontestibie rights to the .Crown of that kingdom :

. -
We, the tinderi,igned Plenipotentiaries. 'tinding,to our
sorrow, that the case thus provided against by the singular
prudence of our August Master has been verified, have
immediately _carried the said orders into execution, by
establishing a direct correspondence with the Provincial
Junta recently established at Oporto, for maintaining the
legitimate authority of the -King Don Pedro IV. ; and
which we, in conformity with our instructions, co►►sider
.a legitimate Government, until his Most Faithful Majesty
Alriall (definitively and with a complete knowledge of exist-
ing circumstances) Provide• for the due governing of that
kingdom.

We, accordingiy, hasten to acquaint you with the stop
Avehavt; taken, that there may exist between the Legation
of :hit} Imperial Majesty that uniformity which the same
August Sire requires them to observe in every thing that
relates to his Imperial Service:
(Signg4). Marquez de RESENDE.

Viscount de ITABAYANA.

A copy (the only one in town) of the Ameri-
can Tariff has been received at the North and
South American Coffee-house, It is of great
length. It enacts that from and after the Ist
of September, PP% the following duty shall be
.levied

On iron, in bars alcd bolts, not manufactured in whole
or in part by rollin, one cunt per pound, provided
that all iron in slaclq blooms, loops, or other forms,
thin iron in bars or bolts, except pigs or 'cast non, shall be
rated as rolled iron in liars or bolts, and pay a duty ac-
codingly.

On bar and bolt iron, made wiolly, or in part, by
rolling, 37 Dollars per ton.
On irOn; in pigs, 6:21 cents per cwt.
On iron or steel Wire, not exceeding No. 14, six cents per
lb. ; awl, over No: I'4, It) cents. per lb. . •
On round iron or braziers' rods of 3-16ths to a:l6tl►s d
an inch diameter inclusive, and on iron, or nail, orepike.

114:4 ...I .•

, .
.J ..

A;344:

,1•.~-

,^~ +

Jr ~ ._i
