EVENpNG EDiTIO

PARTIES TN THE UNITED

STATES.

,

No sooner were the United Steles recognieed as te'
nation than the powers vested in Congress during the -
war were found utterly insufficient for the ptirewees
peace. The British Government, perhaps not s.lrry ecxeee,
mortify the new State, refused to sign a treaty tili.,iheyi).%ey:c.
were increased. A project of a constitution wale
eordingly submitted to a Convention of Delegates it 5.41.., ty,
1787, and, after a warm discussion, adopted by the- "I'.
majority. The most enlightened and (with twee. or
three exceptions) most distinguished statesmen stro.egly
advocated the expediency of giving the largest amo ant
of power to the supreme central authorities. The nen
of local influence, backed by the lower class, tit ruggl, td
, hard to maintain the supremacy of the provincial it
gislatures, on which the popular voice could be brought
to bear with full effect. The views of the former were- .
explained in a seri( s of letters called " The Federaliet."
This gate a name to the party ; and Federalist andi
Anti Federalist were thenceforward the designa-
tions of the two grand divisions into which them
entire country was split. Jay, Madison, aid
Hamilton were the chief leaders of the Fcrie-
raliets, who had also the support of Wash,-
ington. The principal speaker on the other side was;
Patrick Henry, but their real leader wes Lfferton,,
then absent on a diplomatic mission. But after the,
death of Washington the popular pare, rapidly gained
ground, and the election of Jetrsrson to the Presidency .
in 1801 was the crowing trinmpo of democracy. His
friends then took the name of Democrats or Rep üb.titans. The name of Federal et cootinued tell a much
later period ; but in 1824, vrhe, r J. Quincy Adams was
elected President, it war chanewl for that, of National-
Republicans, and about the same perk d the democrats
who opposed him began to he eallej'Jackson-men. .In
1834 both patties were baptised anew. 'elshe old... Fed-
eralists, or aristocrats, were christened : and the
democrats (who supported Van Buren) Treee;es,—whirls
had been regarded as a term of opprobrium ever since
the revolution, when the adherents of the\ Mother-
country were so called. Some of these new Tr, Ties had
a meeting at Tammany Hail, New York ; the knolls
being accidentally extinguished, the hall was reloLte.ed
by Locoloco (Lucifer) matches, and thus arose :.the
term Lorofucos, by which ate ultra-Radicals of tie e
United States are designated. We need hardly ackt
that these lines have been occasionally crossed by both
parties ; thus Jeckson's proclamation against Southi
Caroline in 18:33 was, to all intents and purposes, a.
strong Federalist manifesto. Of late years, too, other
questions, not strictly referable to either set of princi-
ples, hate been chosen for rallying points, as the bank,.
the tariff, the abolition of slavery ; and at the present;
moment topics of a purely personal nature are most inn
fashion. The suffrages of an enlightened public have
been demanded for General Harrison (the Whig. i. c.
Conservative, candidate for the Presidency) on the
ground of his dwelling in a log-house and drinking hard
cider of his own reeking ; and it is deemed patriotic to
use letter-paper headed ov a vignette representt.lg him
seated in front of such a residence with a cup ,a his
hand and a licgsbead by hie. side.—Quarteely Rev.;etu

THE WINE AND SPIRIT TRADE.

•4r--

The total actual quantity of wines aoci foreign kpirits
on which duty has been paid for home coirsumption in
the pelt of London, from the conmencernclit of the
present year up to Thursdly, the lith of DL ccmb
1840, instant, as shown by the official returns mcde up
to that date, and to ►which period the latest repot JS
made out, is ns follows, namely :
