GLOUCESTER ELECTION.

CHELTENHAM, TUESDAY MORNING.—That there will be a
contest for the Eastern Division of this county, is now placed
beyond all doubt; Mr. £odrington, the Conservative candidate,
having just issued a declaration that he will fight the battle.
This declaration was elicited by a handbill put forth by Mr.
Tracy Leigh, the Reform candidate, " recommending Mr.
Codrington, as a friend, not to embroil the county by proceed-
ing to the poll, as he could have no possible chance of success,"
which is the avowed opinion of the supporters of Mr. Leigh.
Mr. Codrington, however, speaks boldly, and assures Mr.
Tracy Leigh that the result of the poll will prove to him, un-
less he (Mr. Codrington) is very much mistaken, that it is he
who will have to blame himself for embroiling the county in a
contest. A handbill addressed to the electors, and signed
" A Lover of Fair Play," who writes in the Conservative in-
terest, has been widely circulated throughout the district, and
commencing, " Be up and doing ! now or never !" contains a
strong attack on the Whig Administration, whose object it
asserts is confusion, who are enemies to the preservation of the
institutions of the country, and with whom it warns the elec-
tors not to meddle, "for," it says, " as men given to change,
their calamity shall rise suddenly." In consequence of the
above attack and of other charges, insinuating " that the
present Government have done nothing for the people," Mr.
Tracy Leigh's Committee have issued the following placard,
addressed to the electors, and exhibiting a list of the taxes
which have been repealed, and of those on which reductions
have been effected :

"It has been often asked (it proceeds) What has the present
Government done for the people ?' The following statement will
furnish an answer : its accuracy may be relied on. The wonder is,
that so much has been accomplished—opposed, worried and thwarted
as they have been by the Tories and Radicals, with the most perse-
vering hostility, and the most unrelenting acrimony.
" What, then, has the Reform Government done for the
people ?
Taken off taxes to the annual amcnnt of
Lessened the annual expenses of the Government
Lessened the number of official persons, I,BsB—salaries

thereby saved
Abolished upwards of 2,000 places—salaries saved
Reduced the salaries of the Ministers, Chancellors, Chief
Justices, Attorney and Solicitor Generals, all salaries
above 1,0001. per annum, nearly one-half 199,430
Reduced salaries and allowances of Ambassadors, &c 50,525
Entire Boards of Commissioners swept away, members
of the Boards reduced one-third
Two Boards of Stamps and Taxes thrown into one, with
various other economical preparations
House-tax Repealed
Duty on printed cottons Repealed
Duty on candles
Duty on starch Repealed
Duty on soap f Reduced
one half.
Duty on slates and coals Repealed
Duty on tiles
Duty on hemp Reduced
Duty on drugs Reduced
Duty on currants and fruits
Duty on cotton wool
Stamps on marine insurance Reduced
Stamps on fire insurance—farming stock Repealed
Duty on advertisements
Stamps on small receipts
Land tax on personal estates
Duty on pamphlets and almanacks Repealed
Duty on commercial travellers Repealed
Duty on clerks and book-keepers Repealed
Duty on horses of clergymen and ministers—if salary
under 1201.
Duty on tax-carts
Duty on overseers; warehousemen, and shopmcn
" The Irish Church placed on a more satisfactory footing by the
abolition of several useless Bishoprics, and adding to the salaries of
the inferior clergy.
" Irish Church-cess abolished.
" Irish Tithe Abolition Bill now passing through the House of
Parliament.
" The Bank Charter renewed on a much more liberal system—a
monthly report of its accounts to be made public. The convertibi-
lity of bank-paper into gold maintained inviolable.
" The East India monopoly destroyed ; all India and China
thrown open to British enterprise and the employment of British
capital.
" Negro slavery abolished.
" Great and salutary changes effected in the law, particularly in
the Court of Chancery, in which alone the public will save 96,0001.
per annum, together with numerous improvements in every depart-
ment of the State, which would require a volume to state and ex-
plain ; and to which may be added, the preservation of the peace of
Europe, and that the British name was never more respected
abroad than at the present time.
" The commerce of the country," the placard goes on to state,
"has never reached such an extent as the returns of the last year
exhibit ; and by upholding the present Government. we have every
reason to hope for further reduction of taxation, and greater exten-
sion of commerce."
" Electors (it proceeds)—Mr. C. H. Tracy Leigh, whom you
are about to send to Parliament, pledges himself to support the mea-
-1 sures, to which the Government pledged themselves when they
took office :—Reform !—Retrenchment !—Peace !" And it con-
cludes by saying, " Those of you who propose to vote for Codring-
ton, beware of the consequences. He is upheld by a party whose
system, for years past, has been extravagance in expenditure, and
recklessness in provoking war. If they get into place and power,
what have you to expect ?"
Besides these documents, there are numerous others in the
paper market, which tend not a little to feed and increase
the political excitement.

THE NEW PAL AcE.—The heavy rain which fell
a few days ago quite inundated the new road lately made in
front of the New Palace, St. James's-park, so much so that it
prevented persons from passing without they waded through
the water ; but to prevent a recurrence of the inconvenience
workmen have been employed to make drains near the place to
communicate with the main sewer. Handsome palisades have
been erected inclosing the area of the Palace, and the paling
will be soon removed, when the public will have a full view of
the edifice, which has been considerably improved by the erec-
tion of new wings, as the front of the Palace had previously a
narrow and disproportioned appearance that added very much
to its general defects. The immense and expensive marble
entrance is, however, by no means either in keeping or
character with the general appearance of the building.

ITALY, WITH SKETCHES OP SPAIN AND POR-
TrGAL.—Wilill " Vathek," for all that the public knew to the
contrary, the literary exertions of Mr. Beckford ceased for
half a century, or to the publishing the present volumes. It
was, however, known in some circles that he had written these
letters during his travels. This work cannot fail to electrify
all who read it, and to make its author more and more an ob-
ject of mysterious interest, of wonder, and admiration. The
letters describe no unknown lands (the interest does not lie
there), they treat of countries of which we had descriptions
to repletion ; but Mr. Beckford's work is totally unlike all
other books of travels ; and his descriptions of the things and
places the most familiar to the tourist, are absolutely startling
from their novelty; and yet they never cease to be true.—
Printing Machine.
PITHY ANSWER TO A SHORT ADVERTISE-
MENT.--A shopkeeper in Grand-street, the other day stuck
upon his door the following laconic advertisement :—" A Boy
wanted." On gain.- to his shop the next morning, he beheld
a smiling little urchin in a basket, with the following piLly
label Here he is 1"-- Transcript,--New rook Paper.

BRIGHTON, AUGUST 5.

The town is resuming its wonted gaiety, which is evinced
by our promenades, our drives, and the various places of
fashionable resort. Families are continally arriving and every-

thing bids-fairy for a long and prosperous season. We are
looking forward with anxiety for the prorogation of Parlia-
ment, which will doubtless bring us an influx of visitors. The
watering-places, Hastings, St. Leonard's, Tunbridge Wells,
&c., have been and are still doing a tolerably good business
but Worthing, Littlehampton, and Bognor, and the smaller
wateringplaces eastward of Brighton, continue remarkably dull.
We are sorry to hear that the races, which commence to-
morrow, are not likely to prove so attractive as usual ; the en-
tries have been very shy, and it is doubtful whether Rocking-
ham will not walk over the course for the cup. The time
which intervenes between the Goodwood and Brighton Meet-
ings is said to' occasion the withdrawal of several of the best
horses, which would run here if our races were a day or two
earlier.

Lord Yarborough, accompanied by Lord Byron, Captain
Forbes, &c., landed from his yacht, the Falcon. yesterday, and
visited his sister, the Hon. Mrs. Tennant, at Kemp-town. His
Lordship was ashore two or three hours, and then re-embarked,
intending to proceed immediately to Madeira.
On the same day, Mr. Spalding, and several of his friends,
landed from his pleasure yacht, the Ganymede, and intends to
remain during the race-s-. _

The Duke of Devonshire left Brighton yesterday for Lon-
don, where he will remain for two or three days, and then pro-
ceed to Chatsworth. His Grace is not expected back till the
return of the Court.

The Earl of Egremont did not arrive till yesterday.
Lady Wilmot, accompanied by her daughter, Lady Fraser,
left their residence in Kemp-town this morning for an absence
of two months, for Tunbridge Wells. Sir Robert Wilmot,
(cousin to the late Sir R. Wilmot), is staying at Chaddesden,
Derbyshire.

ARRIVALS.—Mr. C. Gadderer, Lieutenant-Gen. Mundy,
Miss Nisbett, Mr. G. G. Day, Mr. St inley Stokes, Mr. Brig.
stoke, Mrs. General Wilford, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Booty, Mr.
Drake, Mr. and Mrs. Saunders, Mr. Rolles, Mr. F. Irby,
Mrs. Putten, and Mrs. Bryan.
Lord Harborough arrived at the Norfolk on Sunday, and,
having taken dinner, proceeded to Dover, where his yacht
lies. General and the Misses Crosbie have arrived at the
Norfolk.

As soon after the races as possible it is intended to have a
regatta here, on which occasion the prizes are to be distributed
among the fishermen of the place. There are already several
subscribers ; among them Sir R. Hunter, Sir A. Dalrymple,
Captain G. Pechell, R.N., J. B. Wilks, Esq., Major Allen,
G. Faithfull, Esq., M. P., &c.
The Marquis of Worcester and T. W. Frankland, Esq., act
as Stewards at the approaching Lewes races.
The only alteration at the Palace of any magnitude since
the departure of the Court is the building of a new servants'
hall, which is nearly completed. It is much more spacious
than the old hall, and a great deal more convenient.
SUSSEX.-It is expected, if the weather should continue
favourable, that the wheat harvest will be finished this week
in this part of the country. The corn is in excellent condi-
tion, and upon the whole it is a most fruitful harvest. It is
worthy of remark that the roads have been very little infested
with Irish reapers; and the few that have made their appear-
ance were unable to obtain employment, owing to the good
feeling which happily continues to exist between the farmers
and Sussex labourers. The farmers have not only employed
these labourers to the exclusion of the Irish reapers, but have
paid them good wages, which has diffused contentment and
happiness among them. We hope this wise and judicious sys-
tem will have the effect, 'of which we have very little doubt,
of quieting the minds of the once dissatisfied labourers, and
that the malignant spirit which had taken such a strong hold
of the misguided workmen has taken its flight from this coun-
try for ever.
