Ata tvtb-2, Dublin, i Waterford.
Waterfoni,

DoE.-7z Gottenbu rgh

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWICLYL O'CLOCK.
CO11;01S 7o 1591; i Omniurn -

. al_pre

T [1 E 'S U N.

SOLE'S QUIS DICiRE FALSUM AUDLAI

LONDON,

WEDNESDAY, 'NOVEMBER 1G; 1809.

We this morning received French and ...German
Pap@rs, the tormer to the x,ll and the•lattcr to the
Ist inst. from which We have rilade the following

extraCts:

VIENNA, OCT. 23.—The- report of the dezoh of
the Empress of Austri, is forrudately fonrid to be
false; her Majesty is however in a state which,leitves
but little, hope.

His Excellency the- Prince of Neufchatel 'aud
Wagrain, and ihe Staff of the Army are still
Tbe Prince is employed in printing out toibe-diyi-
sions of the difierent cOrps,of the Army, the positions'
which they are to take according'the order of the
Emperor.

COi),ENIIAGEN, OCT. 21.—According to the late
treaty with Russia, Sweden will continue to trade
'with Finland on the same footing as formerly.
On the 17th, of this month was received at Elsi-
nem- the strange intelligencefrom Sweden, thatlid,
mins! SAUAAREZ has entered the port of Carlse.mna
With five ships of the line 'and some frigates. While
we -wait the confirmation of titi,PA-Wws, we are lost-
in a thousand coni:aures with resped to the proba-
ble causes -of this unexpeaed' Went, It is asked
whether the want of fresh. water obliged Adtniral.
SAUMARKZ to enter a Swedish port ? whether he
meant to make a long stop there ? ..or whether he has
some motive of still higher importance, Which 'We
cannot vet divine.

According to she last letters from Corsoer, can-
nonadi:ig was heard there they day before yester.
day, from The South, from one in the afternoon,
till the ev.tning. It was pr,sL4tried that the galley
fleet, and the entsiny's convoy,:which had been for
some days a! anchor near Westernoes, had come to
an aaion. There were also abov.f. Spragoe, t,iree•
eneMy's sbips of theliike, and a frigate troth the
riltic, had befOre cast anchor near Ransoe.—(llloni-
leur, Nov. 4 ) ,

MUNICH. OCT. 25.—The division of General
IVREDE arrived on the 22d inst. at Schwatz, w:ience
he proceeded towards Hall, out his way to
spruck. ,We are assured that a Courier has-to-n.ght
brought an account that Gr2,?l-21 WREDE entered
thAt City on the 2d. We itav 3150 received 'the

sane iniOi4"ence by itnters from AGgsburg.

FiTERS.I33:tGIi, OCT. j.—The ratifications of the
Treaty 01 Peace I,:itth Steed p. areilot,Yet exchanged.
The English tnerclvndizeiat present -.in Sweden is,
conformably to the Tres ,'(o tie 'consideredas Swe.'
dish prpperty.

The English scrvir on which yva% at Revel, has
iemoveki since th Pelee between li.,;.ssia and Swe-
den has been mad, public.

According ts, some accounts, the army in• Moia-
via has again gained sumo signal advantages over the

Turks,

Tilt• statement made .by the Deputies frOtn the
Tyrol, which we yesterday laici'befpre our, Readers,

must produce the strongest: etrect 9n.the Continent ;
eve !:p France (tor,notwithst,inchng all the vigilance
of fitMNAPARTE it will find its *ay there,) it will
be read with interest, and the 'People of France will
have an additional proof that they have submitted to
the most abject slavery themselves, and that their
blood and treasure are exhausted,in reducing innocent

and unotfending people to the same situation.
are sin privet! arid concerned to find that many per-
sons ,in this country, while they
.profess to ad-
mire the cause, and do justice to the bravery
Orthe Tyrolese, yet seem "to coniider that all
resistance on- their part 'is hopeless, and that
bey must of course ultimately submit to 800-,
IiAPARTB. The disparity of for.c. we admit is
alarming, but at the same time there are advantages
on the part Oi the Tyrolese, which, if they do not
entirely counter-balance the superior strength of t heir
enemy, will enable them try cthiiinue the contest
with at leastia hOpe of success. Vie must, once for
all, ewer our protest against the language so fre-
quently nsed in his Country respeCting BUONN-
PARTE, viz. that he is iwsistible, and that ail op-

Jos lion io him is fruitless, not only ,as being un-
true, but as calculated mos: effetinallyte promote his
obit.. • , and to srve his cease. It is impossible to con-
template the situation of the Tyrol or of Spain, with-
out beipg folly sensible of their danger, but we see no
reason to despond. There.aie, in the Tyrol 100,000
men in arms, arid the country is-so admirably eaten-

fated for defence, that tiel'Ere.iieh troops, head-
-bx~
ed by sonic!. of their most skiff . Grene;al,,, hare hi-
therto been abie to make no impresi wi u;.on them.
With rest to provisions, C.ey have, we are as-
