GRAND JURY' YRESENTNB*I4S RILL.

After a feat inaudible observations from Sir J. NrwiionT
and illr. C. Hu T the Irish Grand Jury Vrescntmunts
Bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
POWt LAWS.
Colonel WOOD gave notice that on the d' of April, lie'
should propose certain xe.solutions ur n the Law of Settlement.

. apeet
LONDtill BRIDOE.
Mr. lIOL3III SUAlNt'arnatie some illusion to the Report
Of the London Bridge Committee, and was proceeding to point
out the advantage of•its re.appointment, ivltzn
' The SppAxEn reminded him that he could not do's°, unless
he intended to conclude frith a motion.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said that some information would be
afforded upon the questipn next Week.
ROYAL OIPT:

The CHANCELLOII. of the EXCHEQUER presented a
copy of the King's .Letter to Lord Liverpool, presenting ,the
public with the Library of his late Father. The Right-lion.
Gentleman gave notice, that on Tuesday next he should sub-
mit a Motion upon tbia Subject.—Ortlered to be printed.
GAME LAWS,
LcTd CRANBOILNEIrost to bring forward the Motion of
winch he bad riven notice upon the subject of the Game Laws.
His Lordship spoke,in ta4 low a tone,. that very few of his obtiCl.'-
yations reached the gallery. lie contended that the existing
syitem 001)44 many valuably liven to danger, and tended to
demOralike thtt lower ClaSsas more thin any other =tie.' His.
object was to meet the.difficulty, by allotting the public sale of
:Genie. lie 'should not call upon the House to adopt any mea-
sure Avon iris own recommendation, withoot the concurrence of
the Cornmittee for which he was about to move. Ile knew not
is liar arginnenticotatt be brought against him, because he was
lintrethat they "could not be founded in reason. -The nunibef of
14:41nnuittals which now took place, would shew the extent; and
:1110,6:tending nature-of the evil. In the year Ifiitß, the number
was 360, and in the list year of the returns, 1406. The Noble
Loaconclutivd by moving; that a .Vonunittee be anointed to
enquire into the expediency of allowing the stile of tante; anti
to report thereon to the House.
Sir J. SERRA) HT said that he feitgieat pleasure in second-
ing the motion of the. Noble Lord. Ile did not mean to enter
into the detail of the 'onertiea, but he could • state a 3 aMa.
gistrate, Upon his own experience, that the had effects. of
dress laws upon the character and morals of the poor • Were
greater than Gentlemen were aware of.—(Hear, hear!)--The
„toile of the country were filled with poachers, who this mixed
with the worst characters, and went on to the commission of
crimes of a much deeper description. Twenty or thirty of
these persons were often found in the same prison, and when
they came out they were prepared for the perpetration of
aria acts whatever. He had thought it his duty toempire
into these things, and he found, by communieating Wittiqbe
'keepers of the gaols, 'What the characters of troth moons were
wben they went. in, and what when they went 'out. Ile truat-
ekthat,Gentlemen would not think the subject unworthy' of
:their notiee,.as being merely a game question. (Hear, hear
but as one affecting the morala and industrious habits 'of a great
portion of the lower classeti.
Sir J. SHELLEY expressed his intention of opposing the
motion. A few years ago the "House had rejected a similar
• proposition'by Si large majority,,. and be was;sorry that the
Right lion: tientleanan opposite had. now consented to it. Ile
believed that .poaching arose from the want of employment,
intinor from the nature of existing laws. They all knew how
diffieult it, was to supply., Ilibtukr to the soPezflutus• poor, who
were to be found upon every parish. If times., improved,
and he -hoped:he Wes not too pittogine in looking forward to
improtrement et no great distance, lie believed that poitibing
to, itny.great extent would, exist no longer. Ile should not
F r diVitie.upott the tratitioni unless it was the wish of his friends.
he4.fartral that to be the case,. he should certainly take the
sense of the House:-

_ .
Mr. CUIIIVEN deprecated the continuance of the Gnnw
Laws in their present odious state. He was peritutultil that it
would be extremely deltitable allow Game to conic freely to
market, and that such a perydssion might be rendertAt perfectly
compatible with a due attention to the sports of the country
gentleman. At-present the only effect of the Game LIMN was
to east an odium on every. gentleman who aultarourol to pro.
test the game on his estate.
Mr..OIPPR wished for correct Returns of the number of
committals that had taken place, under the Gerrie Laws for
some years pot, and.expressed his persuasion thut they bad de-
creased In the last year.
n Seetary PEEL aid not think that theearnmittalaun.
der the Game Laws luta been at all increased by the distress of
agriculture. In the years 1018 and 1819, which were riot years
of agricultural distress, there had been inftlre fornwT, 1,328 • in
the latter, I,NO-corevietions which aliewtd that the number of
comt»ittaio was not then:salt of any particular prt,su re on ogri.
culture. lie agreed,. however., with * lion. (lint. uhu gad
juNt spoken, that it winitlesirable to have correct accounts attic
number of egnalnittAla in each year; bat alma should it appear
that the number lout ritattrally diminished in the Let year,
that would not, in his opinion, be as argument a uinvi thrap.

The Report Was brOnght.upc and on the question that the
Resolution be read a second time. ' •
Mr:TIIIRNEY rise, nof, es he Said, to invite any'fiirther
discussion of the principle:Of the'tnessure which it. smiled had •
been sanctioned by the lionse, hut to endeavour to understand
from the' Righe HOU. (.4nOenlitri'l' opposite the precise bearing
of the question involved by the Bill. The resolution now before
the House, was formed upon one passe t. by the !louse in 1819,
declaring " that for themaintentince' of publie credit, it was
necessary to preserve. a cleat...surplus: of revenue 'over ex-
penditure, of live millions." . adopting tins resolution, be
thought thethstse Went the length of declaring, that in case of
any deficiency.. Of. terepoe,.. fresh taxes must be imposed,
in order to keeir up the.. five millions of surplus. In the
very year in question, 18111, for instance, the actual Surplus
was but tun-millions, and three millions of now taxes had been
imposed to triliki u tlic.five millions. He testily thought msuy
llon,Ocutletneri ittete-TiOt,tiiire of the length they were goittg
.by 'eupporting this it presented two questions—first,
whether there "seas really this year a Surplus of live
anti if So, whether the Douse .would pledge itself to the keeping
up of this particular sum, .notwithetanding arty future failure
of Revenue. Addressinghiniself to the first of those questions,
he must really observe, that no paperhati been laid Wore the,
House which cleanly satisfied him of the existence of this five
millions Surplus.. Thbre waft. a degree of ruyostry 'about it
and he could not at all 4nderttimihow the *tun was tingle out.
Assuming, liosteVer, the existence of „the sum in. question, he
thought that if he, for one, ,consented , to the passing of this
Bill, his luirolia, woilld,be tied up; rind that he could riot, for
example, vote in favour of a mottenwbout to he brooght, for.
ward by the Bon. Mt-mber. for WAteluun (Mr. 1;441.41'1)1W
repeatilly the Leather Tax:. Part Of thiS the tOillionti.trtut
paged oi the saijng'to be derived for *yr:toting at:unities' rbr74s,
years, is. pay...off the tlentl•m,ight, as it wart till IC 0 4..:hut di la),
sum etiold..litit 'properly be debtoldnaied income:- Ali that be
wanted to knew was, whether by the word surplus" the'
Chancellor of the Exchequer Etta fin actufil .ext•ti4 of
Income over exl enditure. lly the terms of the resolAtion now
before the House, be (Mr. T.) certainly undersulod that tho
Ifouse'Pletiged itself, under all future eircontstance,s, to keep
up this five millione. Be should, therefore, he to /mow
it the Chaneeller of the Ikteliequer fotended, by this-.ll,:solti non,
so to bind die Iltittie.

The CNA NEETIOR of the EXCHEQUI R. could assure
the House. that he .was.as anxious ai .the Right Hon. tlentle.
man could be that the present .nuitsure should be fully under..
stood. Ile would endeavoiir to answer the two reina'rks of:the
Right lion. Gentleman, though he 'could scarcely hope ever -to
be able to exprois himself with that clearness which appeared:
ShnostPeetiliat to tile Right Hon. Gentllnnut. 1k woidd dart
explain why it was that he considered: hitntielf entitled to us.,
some a surplus of five millions this year. Spetiking in roundnµmbers,
numbers, the total of incatrie was 50 it:Ultima, after..tleducting
,the two millions of taxes repealed; The annual expenditnret,
including the charge on the unfunded debt, was 4; miliionac
leaving s slur bus of three Millions. Rot he. wits entitled to
calculate tai the benefit in be derived by the side of annuities
to dbwliarge the half -pay pensions; (though this Calculation.
• was, of course madewas, on the assumption that the plan wOold
succeed t) anti thus calculating the benefit in queNtiOn, 'being
two milltens ,added to the three, would make fiVe mil-
. lions, lie would this--If, for ins:antte, Malta,
ment agree 4 with the individual holder' of titer icdf pay,
to pay them two and upwards, for forty-five years
. certain., instead of now paying lbor millions and upwards,
with the.ehance of paying 'ksa as the. 'different liven dropped,
how would the ease stand four millions Conned 14:tri
of the 47 millions expenditure he had before mentioned ; tntl
therefore that 47 millions would he relieved of two millions of
the agreement. This, then, would reline() the to
45 millions, which tiedueted froin the 50 mahout, of ineiane,
would still leave it siaplutf Of 5 ' Arguing sapore dint
hypothesis, teal which be submitted he had is right to do, he
would ask what pessible difference there could' be in substance,
whichever way the plati in question was reduced to. ettictile.•
titm He contendtsl that the, live millions in question fortue4
a ?ernssurplus applicable tei the reduction of debt. Ile saw
no Inr,tt.ty in the trai-,ruction, nor any thing of that which, ark
applied to this question; inta been familiarly •etilled hocus
pocits, 'I next question of the Right lion. Gentleman
petirt:l to be " how was it proposed to guard against the con-
sequence of those vicissitudes which mutit attend every piney
lie revenue*i" •A rat then the Right Hon. Gentleman riSSUITU3I
that fte.sh ta)ces tmist be imposed 'to. supply tiny tiefickney
hereafter. Certainly it was impoSSible to regulate tiny Sir:l4 -
int; Fund with so minim an accuracy as to prevent the occia-
rence of such vicissitvales The Meese in case (VA deficiency
would hot, in 'his apprehension he boutuUdown so tight as
the Right lion, Gentleman irriagi'neti. 'Neither did' he•think
OW in triritting netke'present surplus, it was at aft 'necessary EA')
anticipate or provide for a future pOstiblettefirieney, 'Pa pre.
vent sitch it tletitiency, he was free to admit, that upon WM:
ifnankii,l grow-1;k he would rather pre-VS :de a timpitt, tActilally
er-ectling the` quirt he preiposed to set meat for the ri'duetion Of
debt. As, Nowt eer he did not look at tilke question Upon mere
financial grounds, he' thought it better to give the country the
benefit tif a remiasion cif-taxation clown to the retention of
the specific surplus. Five Millions was, he thought, ass tow a
sum as could reasonablybe fixed Kam ; and beyond that tic
had uo &dd the country would derive benefit from the .te.
mission actually made. The difficulty suggested by the Right
lliiitouraide Gentleman, he (the Uhanct-itor sof ,the )-.seberjuer)
wan sanguine etiOngh to believe eras very rcittote t and hc had
ran doubt that his future consideration would he drorwo to the
question of a further reniissiori or "tpisitioe ; and he could pro;
torte the: ]louse drat that corisidcration should Si tuol4 t'avottr.
ably yiv,eti.
that t}ir Itoill,l,r-nil,x4,,tatateletviie)hrtititrtioultriktethoent)ll,l,lext.
he ftnitogainato‘if, liuptiliiip„s::ltistiy6 ea.?
Two millions of the present Kinking food. in leaf' niannt2z, were

. ,
-would, bow much more relief would be gained bYthe remission
of 5 millions ? If, however, the Right Hon. Gentleman was
determined to draw the line by which remission ws , to be guided,
ler him draw it upon solve prineiplea and not call upon the
Renee to stultify itself, by passing this Bill, which bound it to
keep up' this sinking fund, by adding to the debt, in case of
any deficient future revenue. The preeent Chancellor of the
a achequer had fairly confessed, that this mode of keeping up
a sinking fund was a delusion. This was very true.; but the
4tittnion was due by which the late Chancellor of the Excite-
quer had so long kept up the mummery of the sinking fund.—
Thai Right lion. Gentleman used to run up the price of the
public securities just before he purchased them, thus inverting
the rule by which purchasers in :general endeavoured to obtain
the commodity in question as cheaply as they could. He (Mr."
H.) though. it was' better to tie the Government down to a real
actual surphis„ and with this view, he moved.as an Amendment
to the Resolution, that the words " five millions annually" be
etrtickout ; and then words substituted : " The actual Sur-.
plus Revenue, not exceeding five millions, such actual surplus
to be ascertained by the Lords of his Majesty's Treasury,"
Colonel DAVIES-could not see hoiv the surplus of five mil.
lions was made out, even after, the explanation
.given by' the
Chaneellor•of the Exchequer. Though his opinion was fa-
vourable to the support of 'a Sinking Fund, Sc) far as it meant
the paying off in peace what we borrowed in war, he disapprov-
ed of the present Bill, the only part of which he approved of
being that which declared that the-11111 might be altered or re-
pealed during the present Session. Ile thought thatt although
taxes might be nominally diminished, they had virtually been
increased aim the war l • for the corisumption•of wine and
other exeistatble articles had considerably diminished since that
period.
Sir HENRY PARNELL, alluding to the suggestion he
had thrown out on a former evening relative to the Sinking
Fund, observed that his principal object was, •to remove the
facility by which Government were enabled at present to apply
the Sinking Fund tti purposes not originally deigned for its.
applieation. He trusted that this object might even now be
partially gained by an alteration of the present Bill. The Hon.
Baronet, as was Understood, concluded by declaring that he
should vote for the Amendment.
Mr. MABERLY laid, that notwithstanding the ingenious
answer given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to hisitight
Hon. Friend (Mr. Tierney), it was evident to hint (Mr. Al.)
that we borrowed to make up the Sinking Fund. He did Pot
see with whit consistency the Chancellor of the Exchequer
could oppose the Amendment of his Hon. Friend. And, at all
events, he Voted the Chancellor of the Exchequer would not
press the Bill until the motion for- the repeal of Taxes, which
now stood mom the notice-book, had been disposed of.
Sir FRANCIS BLAKE said, the new Sinking Fund -which'
had been oftbred the House' by the present Chancellor of the
Exchequer had been grafted on its .parent and posse.ssed.
many of its disadvantages. There were but three millions of
the alleged five millions in existence. .The other two millions
were contingent only. Whitt would be staid of a married man
who hail three children, and said, " I will have two children
more."—(Laughter.)-a•Would it not be said " he was counting
his chickens before they were hatched r —(Luud laughter.)—
Yet this. was the case with .the Chancellor of the Exchequer
with regard to the Sinking Fund. He (Si; F'.) should vote'for
• the Amendment. •
The House then divided, when there appeared— •
For the original Resolution' 112
For Mi. Hume's Amendment - - 38
Majority . —44.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER Said, that as
the object of the Bill had undergone such ample discussion
he trusted there would be no objection to the third reading of
the Bill to-morrow.
After a few words from Mr. MAIIERLY, the motion of the
Chancellor of the Exchoper was agreed to, and the third read-
ing of the Bill wax fixed forto-morrow. •
ASSESSED -TAXES REDUCTION BILL
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the
Order of the Day for the 'third reading of the Asseseed Taxes
.Reduction Bill. •. •
Mr. MAIIERLY said, he should not oppose the third read-
ing of the Rill ; but this was because he should have ample op-
portunities hereafter to take the sense of the House upon his
motion for the total repeal of the Taxes which were only par•
daily repealed by the present Bill.
The Bill was then read a third time.
Mr. Alderman WOOD begged to call the attention of the'
Chancellor of the Exchequer to the hardship which pressed
upon many persons who kept shops, and were assessed in
respect of the occasional employment of servants, -although
these servants were not engaged in the sale of goods. Tile
'point respecting the legality
,of these assessinenta was referred
• to the Judges ; but as the assessment, if sustained, would be
very oppressive, he trusted the Right Bon. Gentleman would
,not sheet to the bringing up of a clause declaratory of the law
on this subiect. Indeed, it the assessments were allowed,'
many hundred -persons would be thrown out of the employ
of,these shopkeepers ; particularly many soldiers of the
,Guards. He moved therefore, for leave to bring up a clause to
this effitt.
After a few words from Mr. Cu nw Ela, the import of which
we did not distinctly understand,
Mr. HUME spoke shortly in favour of the total repeal of
the Window Duty affecting small schools. The school rooms
et present, especially dune kept by old women, were so small
. that they affected the health of the children.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that If
he fell in with every suggestion, he should not be able to retain
'-the principle of the Bill. Schools in general were, he thought,
well ventilated ; and the smaller schools, kept by old women,
.were in general exempt from the Assessed Taxation. With
regard to the proposal. of the Honourable Alderman, his ob.
• ,ieetion was not to the principle of the clause, but to the House
iuterfiaring with n :legal question now in the hands of the
Judgee. He had. no Imitation in assuring the Honourable
Alderman, that no case or the. description he had mentioned
should be Incised, unless It already appeared that.an Invasion
of the law was intended,
The Bill wax then passed.
The Icing's Property MI was read a second time, and com-
mitted for toanorrow. .
•The Marriage Act Amendment Bill was read a second time,
• and ordered to be committed on Tuesday next.
'NATION'AL DEBT.
The dropped Orders of the preceding day being ordered to
%Ise raad,
Mr. HUME, in pursuanee- to the notice which stood on the
Paper of that day, moved for a series of Returns, stating the
•rose revenue, exclusive Loans from 11110 t011i23, epecify-
mg the years, and also spewing the expenditure of those years ;
also a Return, chewing the amount of the Funded and. Un-
funded Debt of Cheat Britain and Ireland during the same
period, with an account of the charge of teener/anent': also a
• Ireturn of the expence incurred .in creating the Three and a
• Half per Cent..Stocke-Ordered.
•
SEAMAN'S APPRENTICE BILL.
The House having resolved itself into a Committee on this

Mr. i'IIISKISSON stated, that the object or this Bill wan to
'remedy the inconvenience arising front the unequal distribution
'of apprentices is the merchant service, as the law at present
stood. It appeared that in some parts of that service there
were too many, and in others none ; and whether the law
posed a burthen or an advantage, it was equally incumbent to
equalize its operation.' In time of war, he knew it was an ad-
velibtp, to merchantmen to ,have apprentices; in 'peace it *as
the reverse. Aecording to the present regulations, ships in
the West India Trade were obliged tree take an apprentice to
every hundred, tons. Ilia preposition VOA, that all 'meld, dn-
mtged in whetaoever trade, should be obliged, according to
-site, to take apprentices, diminishing the number itt those who
• atpresent were, exclusively bound to do so, and adding toahoeu
'who were'exempt. Those Above CO tons and under 200, he pro,
posed slinuld take one apprentice, and so en in proportion. He
also proposed to give greater protection to apprentices against
impress. At present, the law protected them from 17 ;years
,of age for three years I be proposed to extend this to four
ears. These were the principal alterations of this Bill, which
ie was happy say lie had the sanction of the Admiralty in
making. The country would by it obtain a greater number
of Liftmen, end there would be greater protection afibrded to
our merchants and a wide field of employment opened to a
.!great number of boys. ,Ile had
,omitted to state, that the Bill
provided a remedy for the evils springing front a practice. which
-prevailedaoo much, of men engaging on outward-bound voy.
ages, and receiving w4ges in advance for two or three months ;
and at the,end.of the voyage deserting to other empleyment.—
ahis Bill provided a remedy, by which the expence of obtain-
int( fresh hands might be detiayed.
BMIINAL wax eatiatied with what the Bill intended to
do, but wished the Bight Lion. Gentleinah would devise some
plan by which the captain of a merchant ship might be able to
administer some correction to his crew in case of insubordi.
nation. Them was a code of commercial laws in America, by
which not only was this power given to the captain, but the
.crew was also 'protected against tyrannous conduct or ill treat-
ment. If the Right lion. Gentleman could digest such a plan,
he would confer a real benefit on the country..
Mr. T. WILSON expressed his approbation of the Bill.
Mr. II UM E did not approve of this Bill, which went to ex.
tend an admitted evil beyond the sphere in which it was atpre.
• sent confined. It wits because so many apprentices
an those of
-•-any other chose of labourers. Ile hoped he would attend to the
qecominendation of his Hon. Friend (Mr. 13ernal), relative to
.the American code of laws. The vessels of this country were
,better equipped than any others 'without any such interference.

He hoped the Right lion. Gentlemen would not hurry this Bill
through the House.
Mr. HUSKISSON assured the honourable Gentleman that
it was not his intention to burry the Bill. It had received the
concurrence, he believed; of all the shipping interest, and al;
though it was an interference,,„it was one which had long
marked the policy of our naval legislation;
Mr. RICA.RDO thought that the question was, not whether
the employers sanctioned this system, but whether the seamen
did. By crowding any employment- with bands, wages be-
came lowered, and thus, what was the interest of one party,
was not that of the other. •
:After a fUrther conversation between Mr. Bernal, Mr. Pla-
iner, and Mr. Huskisson, the House resumed, and the Report'
was ordered to be received to morrow. r: • - •
ELECTIONS.
Mr. TWISS, pursuant to notice, on'the list of the preced-
ing day, moved for leave' to bring in a' ill ,to•enact the ap-
pointment of assessors at elections..
Lord AI4THOitP hoped the Hop: Member would acquaint
thetas with the nature and object or this Bill.
Mr. TWISS though it would not he convenient in that state
of the House to pinto detail, which he thought would come
better 'after the Bill was printed. Neither had he thought it
altogether necessary, as a similar Bill had been before the
House in the latter part of last Session.
A division was called for, and the „,Gallery cleared. The
question, however, was carried withontilividing, leave being
given.

LONDON BR I DOE.
Illr..Aldertrian WOOD brought in a Bill tar rebuilding Lon-
don Bridge, which was read a first time.
The other Orders were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned.

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

.
A Courtof Common CotHlCil was
,yesterday 1
held in the Chamber at Guildhall, when the minutes of the
last Court were read and confirmed.
Mr: OLDHast wished to eel: the Gentlemen of the Corn-
intuee, whether the Bill tor rebuilding of London Bridge had
been presented to the House of Commons.
Mr. Tiro Kits (as we understood) answered in the affirmative,
Mr. Deputy GREENAwsr gave notice that he should very
shortly present amemorial to the Court, praying.,them to pre-
sent A petition to Parliament for an alteration in the present
Act, with the view of extending the poWers of the Commis-
sioners of Sewers.
Mr. Dandiest,, in presenting a petition from the Port of Lon-
don Society, expatiated largely upon the utility of that esti-
mable institution; 'he particularly alluded to the floating chapel,
which was of the greatest possible advantage to , the religious
instruction of seamen and 'others.
The petition was then read. It defined the objects of the
Society, the means adopted for carrying those objects into exe-
cution, and the expellees attendant thereupon. It acknowledged
Its obligations to the City Officers for the facility given by them
to the plans of the Society, and finally, after stating that its
funds were inadequate to the ends proposed to be attained, it
prayed the pecuniary assistance of the City of London hi Com-
mon Council assembled.
In support of the petition, the Treasurer of the Institution
having.spoken at some length from the bar,
Mr. FA VELL :thought that, when their worldly concerns had
been so liberally ,attended to by this Court, it could not hesitate
for moment in contributing to the fonds of an Institution, of
so paramount a nature as the Port of London Society, for the
Religious and Moral Instruction of' Seamen.
• Mr. OLDHAM then moved that the petition be referred to the
Committee of General Purposes, to examine into the allegations
contained therein, and to report thereon to this Court at a future
sitting.
This motion having been duly seconded, was carried unani-
mously.
ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS FOR LONDON BRFDGE.
Mr. FAvELL, in presenting a Petition front Dlr. J. B. Be.
nerds, observed, that, after it bud been read, he should move
that the Petitioner be allodtaLto state circumstances in support
of the allegations in his memorial.
The Petition stated, that in the advertisement published by
the Committee, that body had'• expressed its determination to
open only those letters which accompanied anti corresponded
with the motto of the three best architectural designs 3 the de-
sign of the Petitioner was returned to him, but he had strong
ground for believing that it had been broken open and resealed ;
he therefore prayed to state at the bar of the Court, the grounds
upon which his suspicions were founded.
Mr. PATTEN thought the Court would • not encourage a
Petitioner so to outrage all decency, as to publicly charge 4
most respectable body of men with conduct of so ungentle-
manly and dishonourable a nature; he therefore moved that
the Petition be laid upon the table.
Alderman linoww having proposed, and Mr. :Furl, se-
conded the motion, " That this Petition do lie upon the table "
Mr. Fay ELL proposed as an amendment, " that the ltd it
lien. the Lord Mayor be requested, to ask the Petitioner w te-
ther he had any thiqg to submit to the Court in support of the
allegations contained in his Petition."
The sense of , the Court being then taken, the aniendment
was carried by a decided majority.
The petitioner was then called up in the usual way, and
stated that the grounds of his suspicions were--fist, the diffe-
rence between the seals upon the letter, and upon the box
which contained the model ; and secondly, the opinion of the
person who sealed the letter that it hid been violated. .
Alderman Wool) asked the petitioner whether he was pre-
pared with any evidence in support of his suspicions P had he
the letter with him, or was the person who sealed it now in at.
tendanee ? , . .
The Petitioner answered in the negative. He had not ex.
peeled to be called upon for such evidence this day.
A Member asked whether the seal of the letter was different
from that from which the original impression wits taken, or
whether he suspected a forgery to have been committed.
The Petitioner supposed that an impression had been taken
front the original seal; by the means of composition, from which
duplicate the letter had been re-sealed. The Petitioner having
been then ordered towitildraw.. 0 •
Mr. Ducal; moved that'the petition he referred to the Corn-
niittee M' City Lands.
Alderman Bnowsr was happy to see the Gentlemen' con-
nected with the publicpressin attendance, tut it ought to be
known that the suspicions of the Petitioner rested on no better
foundation than the supposition of a third person that the im-
pression of. he seal differed somewhat front its original appear.
anee—( No, no.)—The worthy Alderman did not rise to oppose
the motion--he would second it with all his heart, a. 4 he thought
charges of• the description of those alleged by the Petitioner,
against so highly respectable and honourable a body of Gentle-
men as the London Bridge Committee, should be sifted to the
bottom.
The motion was then put and carried unanithously. ,
TITHES IN' THE CITY. : ,

The LORD MAYOR' laid beibre the Court the Resolutions of
the General Public 11leeting lately, held at the Mansion House
upon,the subject of 'Piths to London, and the operation of the
Act of the 37th of' Henry VIII. which were read, and ordered
to be printed, and a copy sent to each Member, together with*
pamphlet recently published on the subject of Tithes.

The Roscommon Grand jury have resolved
that the salaries of all Officers paid by the
County, such as Treasurer, Gaol Inspector,
Chuplain,.&c., shall be'reduced 25 percent., in
consequence of the depression of the times. Other
Grand Juries, it is thought, will follow this
example.
An elegant piece of Silver Plate, value 40
guineas, has been presented to Capt. Jottiorrow of the To-
ward Castle Steam Packet, with the following inscription :
" Presented to Capt. Johnston by the gentlemen of Itothsay and
others on the west coast, its a mark of their esteem anti approba-
tion of his conduct whilst commanding in succession the follow.
ing Steam Packets :—Dumbarton, : Rothsay, Inverary, and
Toward Castles." Captain Johnston is dservedly. a great fa-
vourite with, the public, on account of his persevering activity,
punctuality, obliging manners, and the excellent order and
strict discipline which he maintains on board his vessel.—
The Dumbarton Castle, while under hie command, was
the first Steam Boat that began to ply regularly between
Glasgow and Itothsay ; and about eight years ago was also the
first that entered Loehfine. his is memorable front the fol-
lowing curious occurrence. , About that time some wags
!Tread a report that the press-gang were coming to Lochfine
in a steam-boat, . and when the Dumbarton Castle made
her appearance there, every boat in the Loch ran ashore,
and the hands took to the hills. We understand that the
Rothsay Mail is to he carried in future by the Itothsay, love-
racy, and Toward Castle Steam Packets. By this means
the maill from Itothsay will arrive at Glasgow twenty-four
hours, and from that to Rothsay six hours earlier then for-
merly. But this is not the only advantage of the change.—
In stormy weather Bute has frequently been without a mail
for several successive days, the Ferry Boat being unable to
cross. One instance of this has just occurred ; no mail arrived
at or left Bute from Sunday the 2d till Thursday the 6th inst.
' whilst the Steam-veasels were plying daily. The advantage of
thit arrangement is therefore so obvious, that we have no doubt
of-its being shortly extended to Invemry and other places on
Lochfine, as well as to all other parts of the Ilighlands shni.
. lady situated.—( Glargere Courier, March 11.)

FOR EIGN INTELLIGENCE.

SPAIN.

Ktnitin, MAncn Majesty yesterday
accepted the resignation of the seven Secretaries
of State, who have been replaced by Senors Don
Alvaro Florez Estrada, for Foreign Affairs ;
bon Antonio Dias del. Moral, for the Govern-
ment of the Ultra-marine provinces Don Joseph
Itomai, for the" Marine ; Don Joseph •Maria
Torrijosi, for IVar ; Don Joseph Zorraquin,
ror Grace and Justice; and Don Lorenio Calvo
de ilusas, fOr Finance.
The seven ,ex-Ministers -who, after deserving
the praise of all true lovers of liberty during
their continuance at the head of public affairs,
returned to their posts on the night of the 19th,
in order to prevent evils of greater consequence,
and thereby made one of the greatest sacrifices-
on the altar of their country, will carry with
them, in their retirement to the rank of simple
individuals, the benedictions of all honest men,
and of All true lovers of the liberty of their
country; for the great services which they have
rendered.
• We are assured that the new Ministers will
not enter upon the functions till the former have
given an account to the Cortes of the state of
their respective departments.
The following Letter has been received from
the Commander of the first military district

" Excellent Senor,--The movements- announced in my dis-1
patekOf yesterday have this day been carried into effect, and
the factious, closely pursued, have "sustained great losses in
deserters and prisoners. They make now no use of their arms,
and their feet are pretty well crippled. - The party which styles,
knits division, consists only of 900 or 104;9 men, and is com-
manded by the leader Roy, having lost Its perfidious chieftains
Bessieres and Ulinan ; the former is at the head of 40 horse, and
the latter has perhaps by this time been overtaken by the vic-
torious column of Brigadier Torres. Colonel Pablo, with 1,200
troops belonging to the sth district, is on the front or flank of
the factious band; and Colonel Arena, who is advancing from
the 4th district, may also have it in his power to attack the
enemy.

l' The soldiers wham I have the honoar to command pray to
Heaven, that, in consequence of the above-mentioned troops
having been sent to cut off the retreat, the factious may halt for
some time, in order that they may cease to exist.
" The spirit which animates this part of the country is emi-
nently constitutional, and the active militia of the district have
apprehended many of the factious who•hiad separated from the
band.

" l beg of your Excellency to represent to his Majesty, that
the ardour and constancy of the gallant troops under my com-
mand exceed all praise., and that the factious whom we pursue
have now lost all moral force, and show themselves heartless
trakon, who have forgotten that valour ought ever to be the
companion of men who have the happiness to be born on the fa-
voured soil of Spain.

" El Conde del
Head-quarters at Munilla, Feb. 25. •
" To hl Excellency the Secretary of State for War."

ORDINARY CORTET, SATURDAY; MARCII 1.

OPENING OF THE SESSION..--,KING'S SPEECH.

A letter was read from the Secretary of State. for Grace and
Justice, which informed the Cortes that the state of his !kitties-
ty's health did not permit him to be present at the opening
of the Cortes, but the Secretaries of State were in attendance
to communicate to the President the speeeh which his Ma..
jesty would have had the satisfaction to deliver, had not indis-
position prevented him.
The Secretary of State for the Horne • Department then
handed the speech to the President, who -read it to the Cortes.
It is as follows

" SENORES DE TIES--.The eitraordinary circumstances
4n which this Session of ihe Legislature is opened, presents
a vast field to the, patriotism of the Representatives of the
Spatrishl people, and will render it memorable in the annuls
of the nation.

" Spain, at this moment the object of the attention of al

nations, is about to resolve the gregit problem which occupies
Monarchs and people. In it. solution are involved the hopes,
the fears, and the interests of mankind—the caprices of am-
bition' and pride.
" The Continental Powers of the Holy Alliance have nelW
raised a cry against the political institutions of this nation,
whose independence and liberty have been conquered with its
blood. Spain, in reply to the 'insidious intimation of those
Potentates, has solemnly manifested to the world that her
fundamental laws can only be dictated by herself.
" This clear and Inminous principle is incapable of being
attacked, except by sophisms supported by arms; and those
who, in the 19th ceptury, appeal to this last reason, ghee the
most decisive proof of the injustice of their cause.
" The Most Christian King has said, that 100,000 French-
men are to come to settle the domestic affairs of Spain, and to
amend the errors of our institutions. When before were soldiers
commissioned to reform laws ? In what code is it written that
military invasions may be the precursors of national felicity to
any people ?
" It would he unworthy of reason to refitte such antisocial
errors, and It would not be decorous in the Constitutional King
of the Spains to' apologist for the just national cause before
those who; in order to subdue every feeling of shame, cover
themselves with the mantle of the most detestable hypocrisy.
" I trust that the energy, the ,firmness, and the constancy,
of the Cortes will form the best reply to the speech of the Most
Christian King. I hope that, steady In their principles, and
resolved to walk in the path of their duty, they will always be
the Cortes of the 9th and 11th of January, and ever be found
in all respects worthy of the nation which has intrusted to them
its destinies. I hope that reason andijusdee will not show less
courage than the genius of oppression and slavery. The nation
which capitulates with enemies whose bad faith is so notorious,
is already subdued. To receive the law which is to beimposed
by ftirce of arms, is the worst of ignominy. .

" If war be already an unavoidable evil, the nation is mag-
nanimous, and will again hasten to combat for independence
and civil liberty. The path of glory is already known to Spain,
and all the sacrifices which this contest may require will be easy
to her. Constancy and pataiotism present a thousand resources,
which, in the hands of Spaniards,
always produce the happiest
results.

" For my part, I once more offer
sto the National Congress I
the co-operation of all toy efforts to realise hopes which the
friends of liberal institutions place in Spain, by carrying into
execution all the measures within the compass of my authority
to repel force by force. The seasonable removal of my person
and the Cartes to a point less subject to the influence of mili-
tary operations, will paralyse the enemy's plans, and prevent
any suspension in the impulse of the Government, the action of
which ought to be felt in every point of the Monarchy.
" The army, whose services in the just cause are so great, is
completing and organizing, in pursuance of the last .decrees of
