SWAN RIVER.

Lord TEYNUAIt stated that it was his intention to-
morrow evening to put a question to his Majesty'r Mini-
stars relative to the Swan River Settlement.
Adjourned atlf-past The-

HOUSE OF COMMONS, DEC. lb.

Tie SI/TAXER took the chair precisely. at Three o'clock.
Mr. PLANTA moved for a New Writ for the borough
of Plympten Earl, in the room of Lord Valletort, who had
accepted the. Chiltern flundrects.—Ordesed.
Mr. EWAItT presented a petition from the West
India merchants and planters of Liverpool, praying for
compensation in cast the House should pass an Act for the
abolition of slavery. The Hon. Member fully coincided
with the prayer of the petition.
General asseoloNt and Mr. TENNANT were both of
opinion that comp•ostition ought to be allowed.
Mr. LEIGH LEIGH presented a petition from Wells,
praying for a repi•al of the Assessed Tares.
Sir JOHN BURKE presented a petition from the
otervhants, tradesmen, and others of the town of Galway,
praying for an alteration of the elective franchise.
A number of other petitions to a similar effecewere also
presented by different Members.
JEWISH EMANCIPATION.

The Right Hon. R. GRANT presented a petition from
the Jews of 'London, praying that they might be allowed
their civil rights. The Right Hon. Gentlenian said he
considered himself called upon to state what course be in-
tended to pursue. In the first place, he would give notice
of his intention to move, on the 17th of February, for leave
to bring in a Rill for the Emancipation of the Jews. When
he gave this notice, he did it with a reservation us to the
fate of a Rill then in progress through the House, tot the
repeal of the abjuration oath. That Pill would, if cmaied,
affect the Jewish religion, so far as perlive to render his
notice of motion uneeceseary, as it wag probable it would
remove Ell the difficulties against the subnission of the
Jews to - lisment. As he laore said, however, he
reserved to himself the right of bringing firward the great
question before the House of which he had given notice,
-and if the petitioners were entitled to what they asked, per-
haps it would be better to open fairly the doors of the
Constitution than that they should be admitted by a I.ide-
way.

Sic It. INGLIS said he should oppose this Bill on the
came ground as he kid done before,
Mr. R. GRANT said, when the question came before
the Howe be lied no doubt of giving sue),"an elucidation
of 4 as to remove all douhts as to the danger of the nva-
cure. Ile hoped also he should bir ab!tt to do away the
honest seal of the lion. Baronet.

Mr. ADEANE presented a petition from Wisbeacli,
praying that the lowkl Courts of Justice may he extended
to the Isle of Ely.

Mr. iAIN. Ell gau notice that on the Nth of Februfiry
