MIDDLESEX MAGISTRATES.

A very numerous body of Magistrates, in the
Commission lot the county of Middlesex, assembled
yesterday in their Sessions•lionse, Clerkenwell,
when, in consequence of a r, port received from a
et Committee, respecting certain chatges now
for the first time preferred against the county by the
Clerk of the Peace, a discussion ensued as to the
expediency of applying to Parliament to obtain a
complete revision of the whole law, relating to fees,
emoluments, and duties of that office.

Coss-r, Esq. presided as Cliairthati.
It may be necessary to premise, that during the
forty years Mr. Stirling officiated as deputy clerk ol
the peace, he sent in no bill for extra services, but
received on account generally about 1,500/. On the
appointment of the late Mr. Allen as his successor,
that gentleman, at the expiration or a year, sent in
a bill, claiming, as the representative of his princi-
pal, H. C. Selby, Esq. the snm of 555/. for extra
services performed for the coanty (luring the year,
and for which no remuneration by fees from the
suitors of the Court was receivable. The bill was
referred to a Committee, whose report thereon was
yesterday read. It stated in substance, that the bill
consisted of forty-four closely-written columns, and
specified charges for services distinct from those for
which the Clerk of the Peace was entitled to de-
mand fees.

Colonel CLITIIEROE suggested that the report
ought to be printed and circulated among the Ma-
gistrates, beore they were called upon to adopt it.
Mr. Serjeant PELL approved of the suggestion,
and recommended that a copy be sent to the Clerk
of the Peace also, that he might know the grounds
on which the county resisted his claim.
Mr. RAWLINSON thought, that in all that they
had done and proposed doing, they were merely
blinking the question, and that it became the great
and influential county cf Middlesex to call to the
other counties to co-operate with them ; and if they
refused their co-opt-ration, to go by themselves to
Parliament, ask for a committtee, and call for the
fullest investigation into the whole law relating to
the fees, the duties, and the modes of the appoint-
ment of the Cleik of the Peace.

Mr. Serjeant PELL was satisfied, that whenever
this question was touched, they would touch the
whole consiitution of the appointment of the Clerk
of the Peace. Whether the doing so would be pro•
ductive of harm or good, he would not then stop to
discuss. He was satisfied, however, that if ever the
attention of the public were drawn to the subject, it
would be productive of infinite good.
The report and appendix was then ordered to be
printed. The question respecting a revision of the
t,ible of fees payable by the suitors of the Court was
adjourned, at the suggestion of ?dr. Orme.

MR. STIRLING'S BILL.

The rule absolute for an attachment against Mr
Stirling fcr the non production of his account, or
the return of the county papers, which had been
obtained avreeably to the ride of a former Court, was
produced.

Mr. Sejeant PELL said, the question was, what
was to be done with respect to this gentleman ?
They wished to pay him his bill, andiget back their
papers. It was a most melancholy thing, but if he
would so pertinaciously resist, they had no alterna-
tive but to put the attachment into the hands of the
sheriff.

The CEIAIRMAN said the matter had been a long
time not properly noticed. Mr. Stirling had for 40
years nerformed all those duties which were charged
for in the bill just brought before them by his suc-
cessor; and if those charges were allowed, it would
make a material difference in the claim Mr. Stirling
would have to make. lie thought, therefore, they
ought to let it stand over with respect to Mr.

Mr. Serjeant PELL said that he would then give
notice, that at the next Court day he should, if no-
thing were done by Mr. Stirling in the interim,
move that the attachment be instantly acted upon,
Sir GEORGE HAMPCON thought they ought to
\vait no longer. Ir would be unfair to allow Mr.
Stirling to avail himself of any charges made in Mr.
Allen's bill.

Mr. Sergeant PkLL said, if he thought this would
be done, he wou;d at once move the issuing of the
attachment. They would stand in an awkward si-
tuation if they had now to pay for 40 years' services.
Mr. BROUGHTON said that blame attached to the
bygone Magistrates, for suffering the accounts to
run in arrear. They ought not to proceed harshly
with a man in declining health, and already with
one foot in his grave.

Mr. Serjeant PELL—I f he can still perform the
high and important duties of Coroner, he must be
perfectly competent to give them his bill.
A number of other gentlemen addressed the Court.
The papers were said to be of great importance
to the county, and it was expected they would elu-
cidate many outstanding claims to a large amount.
It was finally resolved that Mr. Allen, the son of
the late deputy, should confer with Mr. Stirling,
explain to him what the Court wanted, and apprize
him of the consequences, if something were not
done by him before Hilary Term.

The Hanoverian Minister transacted business
yesterday at the office of the Secretary of State for Fo-
reign Affairs.

CURING A HYPOCIIONDRIAC.—A gentle-
man who bad for a hug time fancied himself dying of a
liver complaint, was advised by Dr. CRAWFORD, of Balti-
more, to make an excursion into the State of Ohio. After
travelling about three months, he returned home appa-
rently in good health, but, upon receiving information of
the death of a twin brother, who had actually died of a
schirrous liver, he immediately staggered, and falling
down, cried out that he was dead, and had, as he always
expected, died of a liver complaint. Dr. CRAWFORD
being sent for, immediately attended, and on being in-
formed of the notion which had seized the hypochondriac,
immediately exclaimed, " 0 yes, the gentleman is cer-
tainly dead, and it is more than probable his liver was the
death of him. However, to ascertain the fact, 1 will
hasten to cut him open before putrefaction takes place."—
He called for a carvine knife, and whetting it as a butcher
would to open a calf, he stened up to him, and began to
open, his waistcoat. The hypochondriac became so hor-
ribly frightened, that he leaped up with the agility of a
rabbit, and crying out " Murder ! murder ! murder !"
ra❑ off with a speed that would have defied a score of
Doctors to catch him. After running a considerable dis-
tance, until he was almost exhausted, he halted ; and not
finding the Doctor at his heels, soon became composed.—
From that period this gentleman was never known to com-
plain of his liver, nor had he for more than 20 years after-
wards any symptoms of this disease.—. New York Paper.

On Thursday morning last, a large ship,
having signals of distress flying, and being apparently
unmanageable, was observed drifting into the Bay of Dun-
drum ; she struck on the sands between Newcastle and
Tyrella—the crew were happily saved. she proved to be
the Sir James Kemp, LUNDY, master, bound for Liver-
pool, with a cargo of timber, from St. John's, New
Brunswick. It appears, that having sprung a leak some
time previously, she became waterlogged on the 29th of
October, and that the crew, consisting of 13 persons and
a female passenger, with an infant three months old, were
driven to the tops, where they had remained fur five days
continually drenched by the sea, and without any suste-
nance, save a few raw potatoes. A few hours more, and
the sufferings of many of them would probably have been
terminated. They were brought to shore in a state of
extreme exhaustion, and immediately conveyed to Tyrella-
house, where they have been since restored through the
humane exertions of Mrs. HAMILTON. The Preventive
Coast Guard of the Tyrella and Newcastle stations, under
the command of Captain Mortals, R.N., and Lieutenant
HARDING, R.N., were in active attendance, and having
launched their boats through a heavy surf, succeeded in
reaching the ship shortly after she struck. 'the Rossylass
life-boat also, with commendable activity, soon afterwards
arrived there. Some fishermen of Newcastle, on dis-
covering th esignals of distress, immediately pushed off for
the ship ; unfortunately those gallant fellows lost their
boat in their exertions, but we trust they will not be un-
compensated or unrewarded. It is but justice to two in-
dividuals, namely, PHILLIPS, chief-boatman, and CASES",
of the Tyrella Coast Guard, to notice their promptitude
and activity on the occasion ; the intrepidity and humanity
evinced by CASEY ill particular, merit no ordinary com-
mendation.—Dablin Evening Mail.

SPIRIT OF THE FUBLIC JounNAL4r4rl

We have received a letter on the subject of
gin-shops, and grieve that we cannot produce to
public notice as faithful, vigorous, and moral a
composition as ever came into our hands. The .!
writer is so illiterate that almost every word in
hie letter is mis-spelled ; but he is a close ob-
server, and a sound thinker, and a credit to his
class of the community. There is a deep curse
inflicted on this nation by the unhappy coinci-
dence of " bad beer and cheap gin," winch drives
the bulk of the people from the strengthening
beverage of their forefathers, now placed by law
beyond their reach, to a dreadful stimulus,
which may be bought for almost nothing, in
quantities which madden and destroy. Even
llogarth's immortal contrasts between a beer-
drinking and a gin-swallowing people are faint
representations of those real si ene; which occur
from day to day in London, Ind unhappily far
beyond it. The family of the labourer, deserted
by him coe the vicious mart of low-priced ruin,
—the Sunday's faer,—the Monday's incapa-
city of work,—the broken-hearted wife and fa-
mished infants,—the gin-shop, at last resorted
to by the wretched woman herself as ,a momen-
tary respite from despair,—and the blazing poi-
son inoculated upon the palates of children when
jaeneliqmuiindcl
thesepa rch parched
efohrowrraonrst otofofotoetrlriabrlied
forawho
ielsuonni
to dwell upon; yet the Legislature cannot be
ignorant that they exist, and are multiplying in
every village throughout the land. The crimes
which spring from a familiarity with London
gin-shops arc not unknown to the magistrates or
the police, and will every hour be brought for-
ward more strikingly to the attention of his
Zla-
jesty's Ministers. We have no doubt that in
such a quarter the whole of this vital subject
will meet the consideration which it so impe-
riously demands, and that we shall see, ere the
end of another session, what every good man in
the country calls for—an extensive reduction of
the tax on malt—a removal of the obstructions
to the home brewery of beer—and an augmenta-
tion of two or three hundred per cent. in the
duties on home-made apirits.=-Tinrea.
Mr. O'Connell, in his letter to the people of the
county of Waterford, inserted in the Chronicle
of yesterday, asks whether Lord George Beres-,
ford " will agree to reform Parliamentary catr,,
ruption—to lesson the load of taxation—!o
abolish grand jury jobbing—to repeal the Sub-
letting Act or the Vestry Bill—to diminish
tithes—to extinguish corporation monopoly,
and all the grinding oppression of our corporate
bodies—to tax absentees—to supply a due pro-
vision for the destitute poor—to regulate the
funds for education so as to extend them to all
who want them—to cleanse the Aegean stable
of the law—to destroy the insolent and irre-
sponsible despotism of the code of magisterial
laws—to regulate the internal police on con=
stitutional principles—to terminate the horrible
crime of slavery in the West Indies—to extin-
guish the monopoly of the East India Company,
and to put an end to that odious system of miaa
rule by which these supporters of the priests of
Juggernaut crush the energies of upwards done
hundred millions of human beings ?" Lord
George Beresford will certainly not do an, part
of this ; he will not even attempt it. If Mr,
O'Connell himself should live to a very advanced
age, continue in possession of his present enemy,
and devote himself exclusively to the task which
Lord George Beresford will assuredly decline,
he will, we fear, at the end of his career, have
still left work enough for his successors; With
respect to Ireland itself, the Act of last Session
will be of incalculable benefit, as removing the
grand obstacle to the entering on any one mea-
sure of improvement. While Ireland was di-
vided into two nations, Government were at the
mercy of the ruling caste, and no measure durst
be attempted, which might have a tendency to
provoke the Irish Janissaries. A series of re-
forms must and will be attempted forthwith by
Government. The leading evil of Ireland is the
prostration of the great body of the people.
There is a want of a middle class, to check the
insolence of the higher, and the lawlessness of
the lower. The great problem to be resolved, is
the mode of obtaining such a class. It is, how-
ever, a very difficult problem, more especially in
a country in which the Aristocracy possess such
an overwhelming influence. In the Belfast
Northern Whig of Monday last, there is a
picture of the tenantry on the estate of the Mar-
quis of Hertford, for which we have not room
to-day, which exhibits in all its force the diffi-
culty of assisting a people weighed down to the
earth like the Irish. The Marquis of Hertford
is, indeed, described " as the greatest, we had
almost said the worst, of those absentee landlords
by whom our poor country is afflicted." " The
Hertford family (adds our Belfast contemporary)
have always been aliens to Ireland, in birth, con-
nexions, feelings, and residence. They were
among the first to introduce the small English
acre in the measurement of land, by which the
poor peasantry, who were but little able to cal-
culate the difference between English and sta-
tute measure, were deluded with the idea of
paying a low rent, whilst in reality they were
were paying a high one. The system of sub-
division, for the purpose of making slaves,
under the name of forty shilling freeholders,
was carried forward upon the Hertford estates
to a greater extent than in any part of ths
country with which we are acquainted. It is
but a few years since any decent farmer whose
lease might soon expire, was compelled either
to have his labourers' cottages vacant or to
have the alternative of a clan of independent
voters' established round him the moment his
lease dropped. Acting upon the principle of
giving the new tenure always to the occupying
tenant, every hovel with a large garden, or two
or three acres of ground, became the residence
of a freeholder.' This wretched system created
endless jealousy between the tenant and his
labourers, destroyed the farmer's holding, dif-
fused general animosity and ill will, and congre-
gated upon the Hertford estates a population
dense in proportion to their extent and quality,
beyond what is to be found in any other part of
Ireland. By these means, however, a rent of
nearly 60,0001. a year was drained away to Eng-
land from a laborious tenantry, and the county of
Antrim was made a close borough in the gift of
Lord Hertford." This was the sort of franchise,
the loss of which some people, who are led
away by words, so feelingly deplored. But
it is easier, it seems, to convert forty-shilling
freeholders into ten-pound freeholders than to
place a
peopleth
e remains
saddest tai hni this
s tob
prostrateparet told.
oo conditionlfLo u r
A
ta leisiia
change
intle Journalist)ics o
influenceil tas
situation in which they shall experience any re-
lfranchise has produced
anciiszuige
of i
tactics
pa-
ramount
part o. his Lordship.
in the county must be pre.
ieft.lt"electiveßut he
served—and that too without lessening his in-
come ! But how were these two great objects
to be accomplished ? Reducing the areable

rent.to make ten-pound freeholders, %conld have
trenched upon the princely-hospitalities of the
Continent, and. the splendid fetes in the Re-
gent's Park ! A plan was, therefore, devised,
the sole and undivided merit of which we are in-

dined to attribute to his Lordship ; for we do
believe that his respectable agent has neither
head nor heart for such an ingenious contrivance.
This plan we shall develop, for the admiration
_ - _

. _
of the world, and the adoption of all other
worthy landlords. It does not merely consist
in the consolidation of small farms as they fait
out of lease, and turning adrift the poar
labourers, formerly converted into z independent
electors' (for many blockheads have been able to
adopt this benevolent measure), but it possesses
a loveliness peculiarly its own !" After de-
scribing a new mode of valuation, by three Eng-
lisp viewers in succession, strangers to the cli,
mates marketsplocal taxes, price of labour) pro-
duce, &c., and the plus of abatement by which
Lis Lordship's agent usually ogers the land at 2s.
per acre under the assessment ofthe English viewer,
we have the following instructive account of the
process ofmaking ten-pound freeholders " When
the affair arrives at this point, and the poor
peasant is obliged to accede to the prescribed
terms, or to be thrown houseless, pennyless, and
tradeless upon the world, his real misers, is only
lecr binnina. The rent being fixed, the agent
b
tells him, that before he gets his lease he must
pay a sum of ready money in advance, to
,fine
down his land at least one:fourth of the rent.
To make this intelligible we shall state a case.
A farmer agrees for twenty acres of ground at
245. per acre; the agent orders him to pay im-
mediately 1001., for which he will be allowed in

deduction of rent 6/. 10s. per annum during his
lease; or, in other words, his rent will be re-

&teed to 17s. 6d. per acre. On complying with
this demand, he receives a lease for three lives,
or a guarantee that his rent shall not be raised

for forty-one years. Now, observe, in the first
place, the poor tenant gets only ten Ehil-
hugs per cent. more than legal interest for
his money dully the lease, and at its ex-

piration his original hundred pounds is lost !
But even if he get full value for the money ad-
vanced, where is he to procure it ? Upon the
entire estate, we will venture to assert that not

one farmer out of every hundred has been able
to save the amount of his fine, whilst the great
majority are already in debt, or lying under
heavy arrears of rent ! It may be alleged that
he can borrow money upon his lease, but as yet
he has no lease ; and if he had, the Subletting
Act' prevents him from borrowing money or sel-
ling his land, or even letting it, without per-
miss:on of his landlord .......
And for what objects is all this misery brought
upon a people, and the wretched tenants, who
can get money to borrow, hurthened with an
overwitelmino de'lt which they slidl never be
able to discharge ? For what objects ? To
heap upon the bursting coffers of a man of enor-
mous wealth, the scanty savings of industry and
frugality, and the sums borrowed front the
tenants of other landlords ; to make lands which
will not bear the rent assessed upon them, worth
at least that to which they are reduced by tak-
ing a fine ; and finally, to preserve ascendancy in
the country, by making ten pound freeholders.
By paying 1501. of a fine, though the tenant's
ground were originally assessed at a rack rent, he
can be a ten pound voter, as he has no power, by
mortgaging or otherwise, to encumber his land.
A more effectual method of evading the prowl-
smit of a statute, desolating an estate, and
driving a people to madness, could not be de-
vised by the ingenuity of man ! Were the
landed proprietors of Ireland, as a body, to act
upon the same principle, we are persuaded that
in a few years our wretched island would be one
scene of rebellion from Fair Head to Cape
Clear. For these things we do not blame
Lord Hertford's agent to any considerable ex-
tent. We believe him to be a humane well dis-
posed man ; but cf a timid character, and afraid
of offending his superior and employer." This
irotance will show the difficulty there is in re-
lieving Ireland. We allow that the Government
is not disposed to countenance such proceedings
as these ; and, if the Proprietory of England
were unconnected with Ireland, would they be
disposed to countenance them. But who is the
Marquis of Hertford ? A man possessed of
great Parliamentary influence in England and
Ireland. And other Irish proprietors are either
English borough-holders, or closely cooeeeted
with them. The slaves in the West Indies may
as well be deemed capable of being aided by
Government as people in the degraded condition
above described. It seems as if in the progress
of nations, the people could only be relieved
from the oppression of many monsters by one
overgrown monster. In all countries where the
Aristocracy have never been broken down, the
condition of the people seems almost desperate.
The first thing that Floury the Seventh of Eng-
land was anxious about, after breaking down the
Aristocracy, was the protection of the yeomanry.
But who can protect the yeomanry of Ireland ?
—Morning Chronicle.
We concluded our notice of the extraordinary
article in the Foreign Quarterly Review yes-
terday, with the special agreement of the three
Powers to interfere in the settlement of the affairs
of Greece, and the tacit consent of Austria and
Prussia not to oppose them in
..the execution of
their treaty. The next point to which we shall
call the attention of our readers is, the instruc-
tions given to the English Admiral previous to
the battle of Navarin :
" The answer which our Admiral subsequently
received from home, dated the 16th of October,
was in substance the same as the instructions com-
municated from Constantinople founded on the pro- I
tocol of the 4th of September. As this latter do-
cument has never yet been published, and is of ex-
treme importance, not only from extending the
powers of the allied Admirals to new points, but in
fixing provisionally the line of demarcation for . the
Greek Commonwealth taken under tl.e allied pro-
tection, and which was afterwards confirmed at
Poros by the same Ambassadors, we shall make no
apology for giving an outline of its chief provisions.
It is signed by the Ambassadors of Great Britain,
France, and Russia, and consists of seven articles.
" The first states. that the armistice, being re-
fused by the Turks, must be enforced by the allied
fleets permitting no troops, military stores, or ships
of war belonging to the Porte to reach Greece.
" 2. The Greeks may be invited to assist the
allied squadrons in enforcing the blockade of the
ports in which the Turks maintained themselves.
" 3. The allied Admirals are to adopt the most
rigorous measures for the repression of piL• y.
" ' 4. The continental- coasts of Greec.: must be
protected from the attacks of the Turks along with
the adjacent isles.
" 6. In order to. prevent mistakes, the line of coast
whichcomesin the range of allied protection is defined
to bethe whole of the coast of Continental Greece,
and the adjacent islara4s, between the Gulf of Volo
on the east, and round to the mouth of the river
Asprospotamos on the west, including besides the
island of Eubcea or Negropout, Salamis, Egina,

Poroa, Hydra, Sped's, and the other neighbouring
islands, but excluding Rhodes, Samos, and Candia:
" The 7th Article, which is extremely important,
as seeming to give a warrant for the battle of Na-
yarit], or at any mtt a 5 relating to the force there

assembled, :s as follows
The Admirals shall act with the object of
fulfilling the treaty, so as to protect, in case of need,
every portion of the Egyptian or Turkish fleets,
which shall engage not tr, take any part in the ex-
isting hostilities) favouring, according to this prin-
ciple, the return either to Alexandria or Constanti-
nople of every ship of war, Egyptian or Turkish,
and every transport of either navy having troops on
board. As far as the Turkish and Egyptian ships,
which behig now in the ports of Navarin and Mo-
den, shall obstinately resolve to remain there, they
must, as well as the !ogresses, run all the chances
of war.' "

It would appear from the account given in the
Foreign Quarterly, that independently of these
instructions, which would have warranted a re-
course to " the chances of war," the Ottoman,
formally, and in the presence of the chiefs of
his army and fleet, entered into an armistice,
which he subsequently broke by endeavouring,
on more than one occasion, to transport his
troops from one part of the country to another,
and that, however " untoward" the battle of
Navarin might be, it was justifiable in every point
of view :

" As Ibrahim had been foiled at sea by the En-
glish ships alone, his devastation and butcheries on
land increased. The allied Admirals, therefore, de-
cided, after mature deliberation, that they would
make him a proposition in the name of the Govern-
ments to return with his fleet to Egypt, as the only
means of saving the inhabitants of the Morea from
destruction, and thus executing the object of the
treaty. To induce him to adopt this proposition,
they deemed it best to enter the Bay of Nayarit)
with all their force, and as the Pacha had, when at
sea, returned to part rather than venture hostilities
against the small English squadron, it was scarcely
to be anticipated that he would resist the imposing
force of the whole allied fleet, demanding his un-
molested return to Egypt, for x‘hich be was at one
time supposed only to want a convenient pretext,
as an excuse to the Sultan. It is needless to men-
tion that the result was the celebrated battle of
Nayarit), which ended in the complete destruction of
the whole Ottoman naval force on the coast of
Greece."

Our limits will not permit us to follow the
writer through all the grievances sustained b 3
Admiral Codrington after the battle of Navarin
—the coldness with which he was treated by the
successors of Mr. Canning—the obscure, and
imperfect, and sometimes contradictory, instruc-
tions, which he received from the Ministry which
followed them—and his final disgrace by being
formally recalled ; but we may state as the re-
sult that the Admiral's only fault appears to
have been his too faithful execution of his orders,
when he could understand their meaning. With
the death of Mr. Canning—a statesman who
cannot be too much lamented—fell every hope
of arranging the Greek question in a satisfac-
tory manner, and checking the ambitious designs
of Russia. The Autocrat soon discovered that
he had statesmen of different mettle to contend
with, and instead of acting in concert with his
allies, he appears from that moment to have de-
cided on taking the lead in the affairs of East,
and moulding them to his wishes. At the time,
or rather a little after the time, of that battle, it
would appear, from the following statement, that
he might have been restrained in his. disastrous
course ; but the timidity and vacillation of the
English Ministry soon opened up to him new
prospects, or, at all events, forced upon him, to
use a milder expression, different plans ; and in
a few months he was to be seen in the double
character of a mediator and a belligerent :
" After the baffle of Nayarit!, the Emperor Ni-
cholas still continued to make propositions for a
concerted armed interference. He proposed, and
the proposition was sent on to his Admiral in the
Mediterranean, that the Porte should be compelled
to come to terms by the united squadrons in the
Archipelago, and by a menace of invasion of the
principalities of the north. Instructions for Admi-
ral Heyden were sent from St. Petersburgh on the
idea that the allies would follow up the blow given
at Navarin, till their object was filially accomplished.
This communication was handed over to Admiral
Codrington, and by him transmitted to the British
Government.

" The contemplated hostilities would have re-
quired only a few more ships to be put in commis-
sion, and Greek independence would have been de-
cided in :ix months. Thus, if even it had been
necessary to seize on the castles of the Daulanelles,
and the fortresses of the Bosphorus, they would
have at least been occupied by an allied force in-
3tead of being taken pessession of by the Russian
army, and would have been evacuated, like France
in 1818, without any danger of future invasion.—
The Government of England, however, adopted
neither side of this alternative—would neither exe-
cute nor renounce the treaty, ard thus (misled its
Ottoman ally, without restraining its northern rival.
The Sultan, consequently, emboldened in his obsti-
nacy by an absurd hope of our support, or of the
breaking up of the triple alliance, issued his haul
scherif against the treaty of Akerman, and the
Russian armies passed the Pruth."
We must conclude for the present with the
third grand act in the drama of Greek affairs,
which is too explicit, and speaks too plainly
for itself, to require comment :
" The English Government at first objected to
this expedition, and numerous were the conferences
held, and the protocols drawn up on the subject.—
, The Cabinet of the Tuilleries was, however, firm,

and persisted in its purpose. At first our Foreign
Minister insisted that it was-contrary to the stipu-

lations of the Treaty of London to employ force to
drive out the Ottomans; and unquestionably the
objection was valid, if the baffle of Navarin, which
was intended for precisely the same object, was an
untoward' breach for that compact. The Noble
Lord next alleged that all expedition to the Morea
was contrary to the wishes of the President of
Greece, and would be looked upon as a violation of
his authority. The answer of the President, which
was transmitted by the return of the courier, not
only expressed his consent to the proposition, but
his ardent desire for the speedy arrival of the French
troops. The next set of difficulties thrown in the
way of the measure related to the limits of the ad-
vance of the French troops in the country, and the
term of their stay. At length, however, the final
determination of the French Government to send
their expedition, was announced on the 23d of June,
1828, and the British Ministry not only acquiesced,
but (declining to take ally part in the land opera-
tions) offered. its ships of war as transports for car-
rying out the French troops! After a conference
between the Plenipotentiaries of the three Powers
in London, on July 19, 1828, at which all the de-
tails of the measure were finally arranged, the Eng-
lish Minister requested permission to record an ex-
planatory declaration, of which we have been fortu-
nate enough to obtain a copy, which, for the eluci-
dation of our Ministers' views we here insert.
" ' Project of an English declaration, to be added
to the Protocol of July 29, 1828. The principles
on which the Treaty of the 6th of July was founded
were not to make a conquest of Greece, not to de-
prive the Ottoman Porte of a valuable prqvince, not
even to establish the Greeks in a state of qualified
independence in relation to the Porte, but to re-
establish peace on a permanent basis in the Levant
—a peace not less required by humanity than by the
interest of all the Powers of Europe. The mea-
sures proposed by the Treaty were—first, those of
, friendly remonstrance and persuasion, and next

those,of a coercive nature, calculated to prevont

collision of the parties to the war, and cvn measures
of war are not excluded from those which the three

Powers contemplated the necessity of adopting in
order to obtain their object. But the three Powers
positively engaged to each other, and to the world,
that they would not become parties to the hostili-
ties carrying on in this contest. For these reasons,
and because his Britannic Majesty's Government
entered into these engagements, with the belief
that the Government of the Ottoman Poite were
unable to re-establish their authority by force of
arms, his 141ajesty's Plenipotentiary has always been
instructed to object to measures of actual hostility,
unless positively forced upon the Allies in the course
of the execution of those operations which have been
undertaken to prevent the collision of the belligerent
parties. It was, besides, the fact, that the Presi-
dent, Count Capo d'lstria, objected to the intro-
duction into the Morea of troops of any of the Eu-
ropean Powers.
" Events have, however, materially altered the
situation of affairs. It might have been expected,
Ibrahim Pacha occupying only the three forts of
Navarin, Coron, and Modon, that twelve sail of the
line, and more than the usual proportion of vessels
of a smaller size, would have been able to cut off
from him all communication with, and supplies from,
Egypt and elsewhere; and that the Greeks might
have been able to make an effort to prevent him
from separating his forces, to reap the harvest of
Greece, and applying the means of transport to
collect it. That various circumstances have contri-
buted to disappoint the first of these expectations ;
and, in respect to the last, it is quite clear that the
Greeks can do nothing to remove Ibrahim Pacha
from the country, or to render the tenure of his
position in it difficult to him. Count Capo d'lstria
also seems now to express his wish to receive the aid
of foreign troops. In the mean time, important
events are occurring in other quarters; and it is ne-
cessary that the Allies should be prepared for the
probable consequences.
" Under these circumstances, his Majesty's Go-
vernment adopt the measures proposed by his Most
Christian Majesty. His Majesty does not feel him-
self enabled to employ any troops in the Morea, but
he is willing, by every means in his power, to pro-
mote the success of the measures, either by aug-
menting his naval force in the Mediterranean, should
it he thought desirable by the Allies, or use it, as
may tend to give leis Most Christian Majesty most
facility in the execution of this project ; trusting to
his Most Christian Majesty that this measure will
be effected in the true principle of the Treaty of
the 6th of July, 1827, that the operations which
shall be carried on will be limited by the necessities
of the case, and that the troops will be withdrawn
as soon as Ibrahim shall have evacuated the Morea
by land and sea.' "—Morning Advertiser.
A letter which Mr. O'Connell has published
to " the People of the County of Waterford'
contains the following passage ;—" It is singu-
larly curious to observe the consciousness of
baseness which the Beresford faction betrays.
They seem to know, as if it were by instinct,
that it ought to be deemed a kind of contamina-
tion for any public man to form a political con-
nection with them." Now it does not follow,
because it would be a base thing in Mr. O'Con-
nell to form a political connection with the
Beresfords, that it would be equally base in all
other public men to do so. The peculiar situa-
tion of Mr. O'Connell placed him in direct hos-
tility to the Beresfords. He Was the sworn op-
ponent of their principles—the denouncer of
their power. He had over and over again de-
scribed them as the enemies of his country, the
oppressors of the people. He had repeatedly
spoken of them as one who had pledged him-
self, by the most solemn obligations that could
bind the acts and conscience of a public man,
to eternal hostility to them and theirs. He had
professed to entertain towards them, on account
of his religion and his country, a holy and im-
mortal hate. Hence it is clear that he had
placed himself in a position with regard to this
family which must for ever preclude all political
connection with them on his part, except by the
sacrifice of all claims to principle and consist-
ency. The Beresfords had long ruled, by their
influence, the county of Waterford. Mr.
O'Connell described them as having always exer-
cised the power which they possessed to the en-
slavement and degradation of the people over
whom they domineered: He gave them credit
for all the qualities which are the opposite
of public virtues. The Beresfords lost the re-
presentation of the county by that popular re-
action which transferred the seat to Mr. Villiers
Stuart. The retirement of that gentleman again
,kindled their hopes of regaining their ascendancy.
To secure their object, they meanly crouched to
Mr. O'Connell for his professional assistance.
It does not appear that he met the application
by a bold, peremptory, and unequivocal refusal ;
on the contrary, it is admitted that a negociation
took place between the parties, and that the
Learned Agitator and sworn enemy of the Be-
resfords was offered 300 guineas as a retainer,
which he was to pocket in the event of there
being no contest, and 600 guineas as a fee in
case of a contest, though but of a single hour.
What broke off this negociation we do not rightly
understand—whether it was the repentance of
the principals, or the mismanagement of the ac-
complices. It was broken off, however, and we
believe before the purity of Mr. O'Connell had,
like that of Mr. Sheil, suffered from the con-
tamination of the actual contact of the Beresford
gold. The latter, it is said, received the 300
guineas for which his services were put to sale,
while the former only received the obloquy be-
longing to the transaction. His character as a
patriotic lawyer was blown upon, and he had
not the vulgar consolation of a fee. He now
turns upon the Beresfords, as they deserve to
be turned upon for their base and miserable
truckling to his boisterous supremacy. Had
they made a bold and manly stand for
those principles on which they always pro-
fessed to act, if it were unsuccessful, they
would have encountered disappointment with-
out suffering dishonour. ,They chose another
course—they threw off the bearing of in-
tractable pride, and humbly bowed the knee
to the man whom they hated, and had long
affected to despise. They merit the taunts and
the insults _which he now heaps upon them—
though the worse character he gives to them the
worse case he makes for himself. Mr. O'Con-
nell is not a man accustomed to draw logical
consequences, and he does not see how griev-
ously he defames himself by representing the
Beresfords as destitute of every talent and every
virtue that could entitle them to the respect or sup-
port of any portion of theirfellow-countrymen. We
believe the Beresfords, like many other families,
whether of patrician or plebeian rank, have their
good qualities as well as their faults ; but, if they
were as destitute of any trace of honour or under-
standing as the Learned Agitator describes them
to be, why did he, even for a single moment,
condescend to enter into a negociation with them
for giving them his services at the next election?
Did he not always profess to know them as well
as he does now ? Why did he not, then, at
once spurn their paltry bribe with the indigna-
tion of an honest patriot, who knew the mark
upon the forehead of the tempter, and who had
a character as far above being purchased by 900

guineas as by " thirty pieces of silver." The
following paragn:graph from the letter in ques-
tion- is sufficiently condemnatory of the Bores-
fords, and their " characteristic propensities,"
as he calls them, but is still more condem-
natory of Mr. O'Connell :—" Let us, how-
ever, bear in mind those things that
the Beresfords have thus exhibited—those
characteristic propensities which render them
unfit to be trusted. Trust them not, men of
Waterford! They would buy you and sell you,
and flatter you, and calumniate you, and cajole,
and then oppress you. Off with the Beres-
fords—shake them off for ever !! !" The
Learned Gentleman knew sll this before, ac-
cording bto his own showina • and the disdain
which he here expresses ought to have come hot
upon the corrupting offer, and not be so long
delayed as to appear but the after-thought of a"
vindictive reflection. But then he says it was
only his professional assistance that he ever sti-
pulated to sell. We ask whether, in a political
contest, any body can separate Mr. O'Connell
the Advocate from Mr. O'Connell the Politi-
cian ? If he gave his legal services to the
" enemies of his country," could he, at the same •
time, give his political assistance to their "pa-
triotic" opponents ? We call the fee a bribe,
because it was intended, at all events, to pur-
chase his silence, and to gag him politically, as
he could not fight for the Beresfords at the
election in his wig and gown, and then, with any
show of decency, throw off the costume of his
profession, and fight against them as leader
of the people. An Advocate is bound to take
every advantage for his client ; and no doubt,
had Mr. O'Connell finally accepted the fee of
Lord George Beresford, he would have tried to
seat him in Parliament right or wrong. All the
fine maxims of patriotism and love of country
would be ridiculed by the lawyer in the exercise
of his purchased zeal and ingenuity ; both the
Agitator and the Patriot would be merged in
the character of the zealous Advocate, the con-
sideration for whose labours would not be the
" glorious reward" of Fame writing his name in
the volume of her great men, but the 900:guineas
indorsed upon his brief.—Morning Herald.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

A drover, named Edward Gordon, was brought
before the LoRD MAyort, by the parish officers of
Aldgate, to answer for not having maintained an
illegitimate child which was sworn to him by a de-
cent young woman, who seemed to be impressed
with a feeling towards him very different to those
of affection.

The young woman said she was an orphan, and
had nobody to protect her, and that the defendant
seduced her by a solemn promise of marriage. In-
stead, however, of performing his promise, he treated
her, she declared with the greatest contempt and
brutality, heat her, and abandoned her.
The Drover—Please your Lordship, I'm but a
poor man, and I can't make no allowance to pay
these here gentlemen ; but, howsomever, I'll make
it all square by marrying this here young woman.
Mr. Hobler—Yes, you will marry her now, or do
any thing else to get yourself out of this difficulty.
The young woman said that nothing could induce
her to become the wife of so cruel a man. She
would prefer any thing in the world. The child
carried about it marks of his barbarous conduct to
her while she was pregnant.
The Drover—Please your Lordship, that ere
young voman's riot to be believed a vord she says
on her oath. She's a good for nothing 'un. She's
quite vorthless, please your Lordship.
The LORD MAYOR.—And yet you say you are
ready to marry her ; you are ready to contract an
engagement with her for life, although she is worth-
less, to get rid of the present inconvenience.
The Drover—Vy, my Lord, you see I don't vant
to give no trouble to nobody.
The LORD MAI-oil—Great praise is due to the
poor girl for her resolution and strength of mind in
not incurring further misery by marrying such a fel-
low as you. The parish officers should reward her
for her conduct; for although her consent to marry
might relieve them from present expence, it cer-
tainly would entail upon the parish further burdens.
Mr. Hobler said, that in the course of his ex-
perience he rarely met with such an instance of re-
fusal. Generally, whatever brutality or want of
principle was manifested by such fellows, the suf-
ferers were prevailed upon to marry, possibly in the
wild hope of reforming them ; and the parish
officers, with as great deficiency of foresight,and care-
less as to the certain misery and expence incurred,
most readily undertook to overcome by force any
reluctance in either party.
The drover said he couldn't find no sureties, and
so he must go and be locked up; and the Lord
Mayor ordered that he should be forthwith com-
mitted. His Lordship then desired that the girl
should be supplied with pecuniary assistance, and
that the parish officers should take proper care of her.
