election having licen in faXotir of Mr. Wakl y (which was by an
immense majority) was received with great applause,
whereas the declaration, that it also ,had fallen on
Mr. Grant, was,. received with almost ad unaniinous
shout in the negatiVe, the elbciorsdeclating that it had fallen
on Mr: Temple, as t'..e second bess, and that Mr.
Satchell had acted partially. The confusion prevailed
for a considerable time. Mr. Tempe and the electors
wished it to be put to a show of hands again, whether he
or Mr. Grant had the majority, but the returning officer refused
to comply, and then a poll, first on behalf of Mr. Babbage and
then on behalf of all the candidates; was dernanited.

The Rettirnffig Officer's deputy stated that the poll
would take place On Monday morning, at 10 o'clock, and
finally to close on Tuesday, at 4 o'clock. He likewise stated the
different places at whieh, and the order in which the votes
would be received throughout the Boro'.
Mr. BISCHOFF moved a resolution of thanks to Mr. Sat-
chell for his able and impartial conduct.
Mr. WHITBREAD seconded it, anti it ik'as said to Le tar-
ried by 'J. shoW of hands.

Mr. WAKI.FA' hoped all his friends present would
go tt the poll on Monday and Tuesday, eanh taking
with them at least six others, and on Wednesday
he was sure they would have a far more triumphant ma-
jority than they had even had on the present occasion.
Adjourned till Monday morning.

WESTMINSTER.

Colonel EVANS—I entertain the highest personal respect
for both my opponents, and particularly fbr the Hon. Baronet
who has just addressed you, but I should be unworthy of appear-
ing before you in the character I now do if I could suffer
my private feeling, to actuate my conduct as a public man.
The Hon. Bart- commenced with a remark, if I heard him
distinctly on that point, I did not on many
others which was utterly unfounded. He designated me
his opponent, but gents. you know that it is he who is my
opponent, and not I his. The Hon. Baronet then re-
ferred to what he had written respecting your being
fools, and possibly myself being a knave.—(Laughter.)
It is strange that this is the first time,
after an acquaintance of twenty-six years, that
he should have informed you what he thirks of
you. However that may be, the inference is too obvious that I,
in stating my opinions to you, am a knave. I must take leave to
say, however, notwithstandng the superiority the Hon. Bart.
no doubt has over me in every respect, that I know not one act
of my life which leaves me open to the charge of knavery, any
more than his own does to a similar charge. (Loud and con-
tinued cheering.) But let it be granted that those who state
their opinions are knaves, is he not a much bigger knave than I
am ?—(Cheers and laughter.) When I came before you as a
candidate a short time ago, I told you that from the know-
ledge I had of the opinions of a large portion of the electors,
I considered myself as obeying a public duty in offering
myself as a candidate for this great city. I told the great meeting,
before which I first appeared, that I should not con-
sider myself irrevocably bound to the contest till
I found how far my opinions on the great questions likely to
come before Parliament were in unison with yours, and how
far you would give me that degree of support likely to
lead to a triumphant issue. I have since attended many
meetings, and the result has been in the highest degree
satisfactory.— (Cheers.) A great part of what I intended
to say has been anticipated by my eloquent and
intelligent proposer and seconder ; but there are a few
points which I should like also to touch upon. We have been
designated destructives of late—(Laughter)—but before I
appeared in the field,the Hon. Baronet was content with calling
you " impatients. ' This is a mild term although borrowed from
great authority, it has not been an authority—as yet very
much respected in Westminster. Gentlemen—the first per.
son who made use of the word " impatient," was the late
Lord Castlereagh, who spoke of you as being ignorantly impa-
tient of taxation. Sir F. Burdett, after his glorious career
has thought proper to use the language of Lord Castle-
reagh, till another candidate appearing in the field
he translates " impatient" into " destructive." But
I will say the same thing with respect to my desstruc
tive opinions that I said with respect to my knavery. If
I am a "a destructive," the two other Hon. Candidates, judg-
ing by their former professions—(a laugh)—were a great deal
more destructive than I shall ever be.—(Loud cheers.) lam
willing, however, to take the title, and will state in what
I really wish to be a destructive. I wish to destroy
the Sinecure List and all pensions, wherever they have not
been merited. I will carry my destructiveness yet further;
for I am resolved, if I should have the honour of your
support, to endeavour to destroy the house and window tax;
the taxes on knowledge--those grand impediments to all really
national liberty—(Bravo, bravo, bravo)—those taxes which
are more operative to repress liberty than even the
bayonet or Russian " knout"—even those taxes will I exert
myself to the uttermost to destroy. I shall advocate, too, the
shortening of the duration of Parliaments, and since pledges
have been referred to, has not my Honourable opponent been
pledged chin-deep on that very subject, on these very hust..
ings ?—(Cries of " Yes, yes," and cheers.) With what assu-
rance, then, can they tell you that it would be wrong in them
to pledge themselves on those great organic measures which,
ever since they have been before you, have been their per-
petual themes.—(Hear, hear.) They are no less pledged
to the ballot, and I am destructive enough to pledge myself
to that also. The very fact which has been alluded to to-day,
of the gentleme of Charing-cross having been sent for to the
Treasury, and threatened with the withdrawal of custom un-
less he voted against me—(Groans)—is sufficient to prove
the necessity of voting by ballot. Nay, Lord Althorp, the
Government leader in the House of Commons, is no less
pledged than the late Members for Westminster to the vote
by ballot. Further, gentlemen, I am destructive enough
to vote for the abolition of tithes, for the removal of the
Bishops from the House of Lards, and for a more equal
app •rtionment of the revenues of the Church, so that the
wo-kniz c'ergy may b! properly remunerated from the
superfluities of the fat prebendaries.—(Loud cheers.) With
respect to Ireland, much has been said about a repeal of
e Union, hut. the true way of preventing the agitation
of that question, and of establishing a thorough union, is
1.3 r giving the two islands an identity of rights, feelings,
n 1 interests, by doing justice to Ireland, by sweeping
away the corrupt system of Government prevailing there,
and by withdrawing a 1 irge part of the army there, which
inie,ht be easily done. With respect to the corn laws,
whatever may be the sentiments of my opponents, and I hope
you will question them on the subject, I am satisfied that they
are the most tyrannical and unjust laws which a selfish oligarchy
ever passed for its own benefit.—(Applause.) By means of
those laws, a tax of twelve millions sterling, per annum, was
annually levied upon the industrious and working part of the
community.—(Cries of" Shame, and groans.") I will not de-
scend into particulars, but, suffice it to say, that there is scarcely
a necessary of life, the produce of the land, upon which a
heavy duty is not imposed, which causes money to be taken from
your pockets which does not go into the exchequer. For the
abolition of the East India monopoly, and of slavery in the
colonies, lam an equally zealous advocate.—(What do you
think of flogging in the army ?) I have already voted for the
abolition of flogging in the army, and my opinion upon that
subject is probably known to most of you. I did my utmost,
after the Reform Bill was passed, to carnroy rfleotgregnicnhgme
nt into
the military department, put was unfortunately opposed by
the Honourable Baronet, who will presently address
you. (Cries of " Hothouse,
There are one or two other points which particularly con-
cern you, upon which I beg to say a few words. First,
there is the Vestry Bill, I do not wish to depreciate the
great service performed by the hon. candidate on my left
in promoting that bill, but there are objections to it
which he ought to have exerted himself more
energetically to remove. I allude particularly
to the objections to the adoption clause
which throws great difficulties into the way ofany parish wish-
ing to adopt the Bill, and those to the qualification clause
which are more important. The qualification is no less than
40!., being 400 per cent, more for an elector to regulate parochial
affairs, than is required in an elector for a Member of Parlia-
ment—a qualification so aristocratic as completely to have
disqualified the majority of the inhabitants of some parishes ;
as, for instance, than of St. John's, Westminster. By
another important oversight of the Right Hon. Baronet,
the Select Vestry of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields, which
has raised as much as 40,0001. per annum, from the
parishioners is still left with uncontrolled power over that
parish. Many who now hear me are perhaps not affected
by the Grosvenor Act, but it bears with peculiar
hardship upon the outer ward of St. George's Parish,
and an instance of its operation occurred yesterday, which I
cannot forbear narrating to you. Many persons refusing to pay
the unjust taxes levied under that rate, warrants were taken
out against them, but it so happened that only two persons
have been seized and had their property distrained, and those
two were members of my committee.—(Cries of shame.) The
inhabitants of the outer ward of St. George have long complained
of the operation of this act, and, as I am informed, they applied
some six or seven years back to the right hon. Bart. to procure
them relief from it, but he is represented as having turned a
deaf ear to their application, or at best to have asked for money
to enable him to pass a bill through the House. Since
my appearance as a candidate, however, the Right Hon-
ourble Bart. has become more polite, and I think I may
certainly take credit for improving his disposition
towards the electors in this respect. He has now entered into
a correspondence with the outer ward, and I find this very re-
markable passage in a letter written to one of the electors,
a friendly one probably, a day or two back, " Although I
am decidedly averse to specific pledges, as to votes or great
questions, I of course hold that in all matters of local interest the
constituency ought to command the representatice."—
(cheers.) 'What :is it meant we :should infer from this?
The distinction between local matters, and great public ques-
tions is drawn with a very decided hand, and as the Honourable
Baronet, in the first instance says, that he thinks a representa-
tive is to be commanded by his constituency, does he mean to
say that in the second case the constituency is to be
commanded by the representative? (Loud cheers.)
Gentlemen,
there is another subje,ctouptuoiai wgtheiacthdlegaeme. bnlutondeato
theto
y m
stateandof
it
theconcerns
New Police. I understand, gentle_
men, that
)o
the parish of St. George's the annual cost of the
former mode of watching that parish was 40004 or 6000!. But
n
it amounts to no less than 18,000!. Well,
gentlemen, in
maybe said that St. George's parish,
sovis, present
gentlemen,
tilg
it
