state of Europe. The drift of the. work,-.howeva-r:.:
is to excite a general confederacy throughout Eu.
rope against the freedom and Ouu-nneree.
- to establish a new system fur the slavery of the
Press, for the overthroW of the Law. of N,;tions,
and for the deatration of British CoMeree_., This
dangerous and pernicious publication, though no.
ticed .by our Speakers in Parliament, remained
• unanswered by •our•COtintrymen, until the Rev. Dr.
CLARKE, Wtli known by his former Political
'Writings, and .by rfAose Ttatts on the Udion, which
' drew forth the of Lord LANS-DOWNE in
Pailiament, as%atiediati:out Papers of that time, has
lately replied to it. In this answer, the Learned
Author
,has exposed, the grcss ignorance of Mr.
HAIITERIVE on most of his subjects, and not only
refuted as an HistOrian and Politician, his gtound-
' lesi calumnies against Britain and Russia-, but has
.fully developed the dangerous designs of France
against these two Powers. The EmrERoR of Rus.
- st A has on this occasion contented on this Author,
the most flattering proof of his approbation. . Dr.
CLARKE has been.•honoured with a Letter, accom.
panied by a mark of_. Imperial favour and distinc-
tion,-compoSld of diamonds of considerable value to
he worn by him. This event is not without weight
in Political consideration• under the existing cir-
cumstances,
,and while it-places the EMPEROR in a
splendid point of view for admiration, animating by
- his generous-influence-and example the promotion
of truth, and the enct•uragement and honour of Let.
tets, it, is particularly flattering to .us that these
beams :of Imperial _favour and distinetion, have
shone first upon Britain amongst Foreign Nations
'—Cedant Grrlli arinis et togis Ifritannis.
On the 24th ult. Was slaughtered a large fat hog,
.of the Liacoltashire breed, 3 years
_01d,,. the property
of Mr. Wm. Shepherd, of Postland, near Crowland.
He measured 8 'feet-.2 inchesln length, and 7 feet
I inch in girth land weighed as. folio ws : flitches
481 b. loose fax 304.1b,--tOtal-860.
The Firstprawn Ticket last morning, No. 3.76,
ititfedto stoool. was soled-at CA-RIOLL and Co's.
Old State Lottery Office; No. z 6, Oxford-street,
bean Rathbone P:ace, in one
Quarter, two-Eighths,
and eight Sixteenth. Share.3l44-kra—Nek.s.3,9a4,
aPrize of 20a. No. 379 and• No. 10,127 Prize of
- 1031. in Sixteen Sixteenths each-where 'Pickets
and Shares for the ensuing, Lottery are now on
' Sale.—N. B.- The fortunate holders of the :above
Shares may receive Jheir Money, on demand.
