UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

OXFORD, APRIL 18.—Tuesday, April 16, the Rev. Charles
Milman' Mount, Bachelor in Divinity, and late Fellow of Cor-
pus Christi College, was elected, by the Heads of Colleges,
Canon Bampton's Lecturer for the year 1824.
Wednesday, April 16, the followidg degrees were conferred :
Doctor in Medicine.—Francis Hawkins, Fellow of St. John's
College.
Bachelor of Zach. Henry Bidaulph, Fellow
of Magdalen College.
Masters of Arts.--John B. Ottley, Fellow of Oriel College ;
Gabriel Edwards Gillet, Oriel College; Rev. Wadham Knatch-
bull, and Frederick William Hope, Christ Church.
Bachelors of Arts.—James Drummond, Esq. Christ Church,
Grand Compounder ; George Powys Stopford, Christ Church ;
Horrace Gore Currie, Oriel College.
ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERMENTS.—A dispensation has
passed the Great Seal, enabling William Bohun Yeomans,
D.D. Fellow of New College, in this University, to hold the
Rectory of Warndon, Worcestershire, (in the patronage of Robt.
Berkeley, of Spetchey, Esq.) with the Rectory of Buckneil,
Oxon.—The Rev. T. C. Willutts, M.A. Fellow and Tutor of
Downing College, Cambridge, to the jtectory of East Hatley,
Cambridgeshire ; patrons, the Master, Professors, and Fellows
of that Society.--The King has presented the Rev. Corbet Hue,
D.D. to the Deanery of the Island of Jersey, void by the death
of the Rev. Dr. Dupre. •

CAMBRIDGE, Arun. 18.—At a Congregation on Wednes-
day_last, the following degrees were conferred :
HONORARY MASTER OF ARTS.—Lord Viscount Howick,
of Trinity College eldest son of Earl Grey.
MASTERS OF ARTS.-Edward Williams, of Trinity Col-
lege; .Joseph Cotton Wigram, of Trinity College; Rev. Henry
Law, Fellow of St. John's College ; Watkin paddy, Fellow
of St. John's College ; James Loxdale, of St. John's College ;
Charles Jenyns, of St. John's College ; Charles Hebaden,
of St. John's College ; Rev. Thomas Yates Ridley, of St.
Peter's College. ,
BACHELORS or Anvs,—Kerrison Harvey, Trinity Col-
lege ; Edward Pearce, Trinity College ' • Wm. Bertram Evans,
Trinity College; John IVarne, Trinity College ; Marcus Ger-
vaise Beresford, Trinity College ; Henry Peckitt, Trinity Col-
lege; Stephens Lyne, Trinity College; Ely Wigram, Trinity
College; Maxwell Williams, Trinity College ; George Shep-
ley, Trinity College ; Wm. Scrocold Wade, St. John's College;
James Bedford Poulden, St. John's College ; John Docwra
Parry, St. Peter's College ; Thomas Brown, Pembroke Hall ;
John Lunan, Caius College ; John Harrington, Queen's Col-
lege ; Henry Palliser Costobadie, Jesus College ; Morgan
Devenish, Jesus Colle • John Shillibeer, Jesus College ; T.
Lloyd Owen, Jesus College;'
Charles Austin, Jesus College;
Richard Daniels, Clare Hall ; John Topper Gouthwaite,Christ
College ; John Abel Smith, Christ College ; Rev. Chas. David
Maitland, Catharine Hall; Rev. Edward Selwyn, Catharine
Hall ; Robert Lugger, Catharine Hall ; Thomas Wentworth
Gage, Magdalene College.
At an, ordination holden by. the Lord Bishop of Bristol,
in the chapel of Christ College, on Sunday last, the following
gentlemen were admitted into Holy orders :

DECONS.
Wyndham Jean Goodden, B.A. 064 College, Oxon.
Edward Frowd, B. A. Exeter College, Oxon:
Henry Wellesley, M.A. Christ Church, Oxon.
Hamnett Holditch, B.A. Call's College, Cambridge.
Charles Gray, B.A. St. John's College, Cambridge.
By Let. Dim. from the Bishop of Durham. j
ltd. Henry Millington, B.A. St. John's College, Oxon.l
David Morton, B.A. Trinity College, Cambridge.
John Mrenham, jun. Literate.
Benjamin Henckell Heath, Literate.
By Let. Di fr the Bide' of London-

_ y Let. from the Bishop of London.
Gilbert Elliot, B.A. Trinity Hall, Cambridge. 1
. By Let. Dim. from the Bishop of Hereibrd•
Edward Ruddall, B.A. Pembroke College, Oxon. I
Thomas Byrth, Magdalen Hall, Oxon.
By Let. Dim. from the Bishop of Exeter. )
.PRIESTS.
Frederick Rouch, B.A. St. John's College, Oxon.
Henry John Crickitt Blake, M.A. Kings College, Cambridge.
David Jones, Literate.
Michael Wilkinson, Literate.
By Let. Dim. from the Bishop of London.
The Itev. G. A. Browne, M.A. k'Cllow of Trinity College,
was on Tuesday last elected a Senior of that society, on the va-
cancy by the death of the Rev. Thomas Spencer.—The Rev.
Haninett Holditch, B.A. Fellow of Caius College, was on Tues-
day last elected a Senior Fellow of that society.
At the Congregation on Wednesday last, a grace unanimous-
ly passed the Senate, to petition both Houses of Parliament in
favour of measures for the gradual extinction of slavery in the
West Indies. The following is a copy of the petition to the
House of Lords :

To the Right lion. the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parlia-
nient assembled.
The humble petition of the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars
of the University of Cambridge—
Sheweth,
That your petitioners are deeply convinced that the perma-
nent existence ofslavery is inconsistent with the principles of
British Legislation, of sound policy, and of justice, and con-
trary to the feelings of humanity and to the spirit of the Chris.
tian religion.,
That your petitioners have learnt with regret that, during the
16 years which have elapsed since the abolition of the Slave
Trade, no effectual measures have been taken btthe Colonial
Legislators in the West Indies, directed either to the gradual
termination of slavery, and the preparing of the unfortunate
subjects of it for freedom ; or even to the mitigating of their
wretched condition.

That your petitioners humbly submit to your "ordships,
whether a reasonable hope can be entertained of any improve-
ment in'the condition of slaves under a system where arbitrary
and debasing corporal punishments are the only stimulus to
exertion, where enfranchisement is so greatly discouraged,
where marriage is unfrequent, and where religious instruc-
tion and the duties of the Sabbath are nearly altogether pre.
eluded.

That your petitioners, impressed with the liveliest feelings of
gratitude for the legislative enactments already passed, cannot
forbear expressing to your Right Honourable House their
earnest hopes that you will take the evils of slavery into your
most serious consideration ; and they humbly pray that you
will devise and enact such measures us in your wisdom may
seem fit, not only to • enforce (by further provisions if neces-
sary) the preverition of the fresh importation of slaves, but to
mitigate the state of slavery itself, whilst it is allowed to con-
tinue; and eventually to produce its final and complete termi-
nation. _ _

And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray, &c.

COAL-MARKET, APRIL 18.
Ships at Market. Ships sold Price.
17 Newcastle . -36 s Od to 46s Od
11 Sunderland - - 11 - 41: 6d to 47s Od
0 Scotch Coal - 0 - —s Od to —s Od
