114 LORD JOHN RUSSELL.
E UNITED KINGDOM, of Saturday
cNo t:
t ail
ea n: 1 Sunday next, the largest 28• column foliotl,e Paper ever printed, price Sevenpence, will contain
REPORT of the REFORM MOTION, ac-
POlii)4Tnie4 bY a Memoir, and an admirably engraved
Fiht BAIT of LORD JOHN RUSSELL, forming the
Nivri'r a Series of Engravings, to be entitled THE
4; aci!'NAL GALLERY, which will in future constitute,
13P-liing feature of this Jgurnal.—The UNITED KING-
, aims at being the most original, amusing, and in-
,tive w
C(414 eekly Newspaper, and is peculiarly adapted for
pki,h`rY circulation.—Orders and Advertisements (post
inLi,byreacHeiNveedurtele Office, 167, Fleet-street, London,

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

R.t HOUSE OF LORDS, Mowir 2.
'I ALP
Ilid
00 UNDER. GRANT, Mr. STRATFOR.D DCGDALE,
kOljd 'e") brought up the Appropriation Bill, the Con-
tal Fund Bill, the Salaries of Offices Bill, and save-
liprirate
tr 111% Johnstone, from the Office of the Chief Secretary
11.ielancli presented accounts and papers from Ireland.
ltelr..,Lels-son, from the Deputy Clerk of the Crown in
141:41::( Presented returns of the representative Peers of
The
11%'e puke of BEAUFORT presented petitions from
ilebrl. parishes in Monmouthshire, for the abolition of
iy;t,eZ.; also a petition from Gloucester against the truck
R41;t0171. puke of GRAFTON presented a petition from
,th against slavery.
%awe 134k0 of NORFOLK presented a petition from
CoraY praying an extension of the elective franchise.
`N‘ii\,id,KlNG presented petitions from Croydon and
Th%e", in favour of Parliamentary Reform.
Way 'all of DARNLEY presented a petition from Gal-
l° favour of the elective frantshise.
The L, PARLIAMENTARY REFORM. .
his '4ll of RADNOR presented three petitions in
1'44 tl.f Parliamentary Lordshipe from certain aces
"r sa'•4lre sod Kent. His took that opportunity
kerblll ting a few words respecting the measure of Reform
,11,,c,e1 by his Majesty's Ministers in another place.
'irti,;,,-laPpy to be able to say that the measure was to
veryhe-67;Y satisfactory, and be was anxious to take the
With arlieet.
opportunity to state the high gratification
.."'eb he regarded it. The plan slid not indeed go
4 4td
people might wish, but there could hardly
t'iti4st-mubt of its being gnerally received throughout the
by i-t4Y With high satisfaction ; for the Reform proposed
Ptore,riv!l a real, substantial, and effective measure. It
i)kftilaihiui‘otae
j.ty,s
yeosndall question the honesty and the sincerity
Government in the prosecution of their
Pled r" of Reform, thereby faithfully redeeming their
ik,etge. to the country, and fully satisfying the public ex-
Would
:)" ' Upon the whole, he was confident that it
All o received with high and general satisfaction.
0„ ti,'e petitions presented were laid on the table.
Billire
motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR. the Lunacy
passed through a Committee with some alterations
amendments, and was ordered to he printed.
use
tulioßis on the table fded a , ane
llurned at Half-p wereast Fiveorwar o'clock tillstag to- emorrod wth.

ThifOUS.E OF COMMONS, 31Aitcn 2.
;to SPEAXER took the Chair precisely at Three
,°,,c", at Which time there were about 200 Membersi
Its eat, and almost every seat in the House had a label
L1Z,(1,,t0 it. The gallery and lobbies were crowded..
to this OLIVE brought up the report of the Committee
51,,,,,°4 election, which declared the sitting Member duly
sleet
aeikh ' dl that the petition against his return was
er frivOOUR or vexatious.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
Petit'. CONNELL said that he last night presented
ad
4:0 from a person named Alexander Jacobs, who h.
11; e°rnlssitted to Newgate for a breach of prinvaii
fteli„ Now he (Mr. O'Connell) had nothepderirnity
tf th-g on the subject, but he thought that. ash.
Rouse was concerned it was proper in to make
'lltiltagoi7)- who and what the individual was. He had. made thesee
ta10a,14.1" Previous to his presenting the petition, and he
sots that O'Connell) could
he was a Jew. He (Mr.
"c any reason why any one of that fraternity. should
t
tbestr'i*J4l° "Y enmity towards him. He was. anxious tiia,
115,liewa should enjoy all the rights and privileges of c,ttLr.
144, and he had invariably on all supportedocca!is
Niia" °f their petitions. It was impossible thei_ndis'idual
/44 I's" had any personal hostility, as he
.ss as. totally
'"911;°'" to him ile therefore thought it right to
kkkill'rt, What could. have instigated such an act,
lq hit found that Jacobs was labouring under a
.ma-
le hit
made him irresponsible for his
wa,cntiiir
be
I,l,R,l"to.initte,l, therefore, that the best course
I,d
lir
the
PeA }urn to be brought to the bar, reprimanded
It4,°v4rth' and then discharged. Conntll -then
140,... at Alexander Jacob be brought to the bar, and
11`.`gerl.
It:. Alderman WOOD seconded the motion.
17
S,PEAKER said there was a precedent in the
,year
k‘t, f a person who had been committed to New-
IN•kh breach of privilege petitioned the House, and set
:Sllti"„44t he was unwell. The House, on taking this p.e-
tOe"`o consideration 'ordered the petitioner to be di!-
ci
fr°lll Newgate forthwith, without being repri-
la%tired at the bar
fiIIaef,•()'CONNELL then moved that Mr. Speaker do
1.,'11' Warrant for the discharge of Alexander Jacobs
~e'egate forthwith.
tl LEWIS thought before this motion was agreed to,
taak,')-4e °Ught to have the opinion of some medical gen.
l'fleh„°:_' the state of the petitioner's mind in confirmation
lecford"ad been described- by the lion. Member for Wa-
After
few Words from Mr. BEAUMONT and Mr. F.
'4,ll:rs'etalsEit was ordered to issue his warrant for the
5-ge of Jacobi 'forthwith
l''",,/negrsfoirPbet_l9ooln'n
.were.pri.e,;ented from different places,
14irt.. cti„,.;NwIEL P. ar samseeentitn. g
one of a similar na-
,lll abkl.°P Cork' Niehis entire satisfaction at the
' 'fficient' ienxeaPsrieisrscsproposed by his Majesty's Go-
tVtt. ttapa e'lt last night _meoupd cheers.) He wished, how-
i'4s;l:ell()iii;.t_al,n, some. information respecting those details
!relam wnich related to the forty-shilling freeholders
hl Mr, ie
in p.,%and to the leaseholders in church lands.
b'CHES HUGHES presented a petition from a
l'tah -"°nahlre praying for leave to build and endow
leave of the Diocesan.
‘-'INT presented a petition from a place in Dor- 1
pkBh, Prayed that all placemen, and. those hold.
he of offices under the Crown, might he
.de.
the shorter`"f'eirseats it; Parliament—that Parliament.. might
irkod duration not longer than triennial, and that
'a,°,f election might he so free as to pre-
ar,'°°ll he l'elqts at bribery. In the prayer of this
terPlace,i agreed, and the day was not far distant when
bt) Ho'nn ould have a seat in that House.—(Laugh-
)t,-4 quit, ' alembers might laugh, hut they would have
4,141 ag much surprised, if they had been told ten
It tio(;s lb" Government would have brought its such a
ita tlkou efßeient measure as the one introduced last night.
Z•ktit thrt„the measure might have gone further, but
Itkvir• 44,1„,°°11gh to ensure his hearty support.—(Hear. V
brio "SON gave notice that he would, on an ear )
1,4,1 t, fo.rward a motion, that all Members of three`Partia-
ot 4'lsg their seats, should make oath that they
i
.), . guilty of bribery or corruption, either”
tttklit,id Indlrectly.—(Loud cries of ,4 hear, hear.
1:139 Move a resolution that all counties in Ire-
)—
' tabit,4`tp, contained a population of more than 300,000
avi.;l4'fluld have their representatives doubled.
4 '441, • • P°IITLETT on presenting a petition for
dhartily dLonsidered the plan; of disfranchising the boroughs
"gerous innovation on the Constitution. He
ht:_ratZeurred, however, in the extension of the dee-
; tk, l'o, unlade
large proposal of giving additional Mem-
,r al c
.rold
14)4L.1414e LEY hoped the friends of Reform
trlt-wilik„ and make common cause, so as to prevent the
44 btia) °I the Noble Lord and his' Majesty's Govern-
-4'11) g defe4ted the great measure they had intro-
tt the4tt. lir a differekko f . .
ANkt,r, e opinion on minor points.
nritiaCA' presented a petition from the Trustees
I.,lu""tn, praying for their annual grant.
tr,rt'ard kb,,IIEFORNI MEASURE.
kthe lioucle4 RUSSELL moved the 'Order of the Day
askir• CANts;,,,to proceed with the adjourned debate.
kelowilethe.l!ELL, previously to the Order being read,
lit \vas the intention of the Noble Lord to
t°lles:',f_h_is Plan of Reform in one
06lstog in i F-.-LL—The first Bill that I intend
kshmi and
,s 1; to improve the representation in
Aen hr If aka. If the House consent to that,
?no, _ a
"4 .;,"4. second Bill relating to Scotland,
-.QtatiotclaY_ Iterwards, a third Bill to amend the
' Hear. )
