Prom tiv LONDON GrIZETTF., Sip. 3,143.

„4
etimirtitty.ypte, Aeptember,3, I 803'.
Copy of a Lewr from ricf-Admiral Lord lisconi/t
IVelson, K. B. Commander in Chief of Rix Ma.
jetty's Ships and Vestelt is the liediterrantatt, t;
air Erll 11 Nepean, Bart, dated on hoard the Am-
, phion, at Sea, the 17th of June 3,803.

SIR,

I itritEw nit transmit to you, for the informa-
tion of the L,rds Conunissioners'of the Admitalty,
Cory of a Letter from Captain Mowbray, of Hi.;
M..jesti's Ship Maidstone, which was delivered to
me by the Lieutenant sent in with the Vessel
therein-mentioned, on the.morning of the. 17.111
Stant, as the Amphion was getting under weigh
from Malta.

I am, &c. NELSON & BRONTE.
Hit Majesty's Sb; 21,1aidstone, 7utze 14, 1803,
Fourteen League: West from Isle Fan.

MY L9RD,

,
I do myself the honor to inform yon, that His
Majesty's Ship under my command fell in with and
captured, at six this. morning, a brig, in the set.
vice of the French Republic, called L'Arab, :carry_
ing eight four.poundcrs and, filty.eight men, cum.
Manded• by Captain Mathurin Theodore Artulam :
she was on her return to L'Qrient from Atheils.
I have the tionbi to he;
k.
,H. -MOWBRAY.
Lord liiiteunt Nehom, K. B. tic. &c. &e.
Mediurranttin.

PLYIVOUTI, Seri. 3.—Sailed the Hecate Gun.
brig, with several Prize Vtssels (French and Dutch),
and A Fleet of Merchatmen under Convoy for the
Downs ; and the Eagle Revenue Cutter, with a
Convoy to the Westward.
Arrived the Pigmy Cutter, 0(4. guns, from the
Eastward.

PORTSMOUTII, SEPT. 4.—Arrived this day His
Majesty's Schooner Chadour, Lieutenant ALT,
from the Downs,' and sailed iininediately for Brigh-
ton, her station.

Arrived at St. Helcns, the Pallas, Capt. CHAN.
BERS, from Jamaica.

DEAL, Serz. 4.—Artiveiljtpe Monarch Man, of
War, Admiral Lord, Ks tztt,-frorn Margate; and
Rimier Sloop of War from a Cruize.
Sailed the Terror Bomb on a Cruizr.

Siilcd. the Wasp Sloop .of \V,r with the outward.
hound for,Portsmouth; and the Diligenze Sloop of
W i.r for Sheerness.

GRIENOCK, SUPT. here• on Wed..
nestlay, the'dbm, Car, frornQuebee,•, after a
pas. age 'of nineteen days, Spcke no Vessels onher
past:age._ . .

- The Ocean, BROWN, came up yesterday frorn the
FAlrlie; the Martha, Ho of this Port,
sailed seven days before ltrr, and kept company
with the BRoww, until the Th Instant,
when they furled off Cape R4F; Newt., onillaod ; left
loading
,for Newcastle,' the ita,AeLia, Ski A Kr, 0; this
Pr,rt.

The Wilaaat, GARDNIIIt, arrived last night from
Quebec, after a passage pf 26 I: Lays ; sp-ke tiv,i
French Ships, Prizes to His [Vlaiesiy's Ship /sir. 01
SO guns, in lac. 4.8. long. 47. bound to St.J;ilitil:

The•Pyli.idet, Captain IluttantOss, which on rri_
day arrived' at Ports Mouth, from the coa,,t of Air r i,
has brought intelligence of the loss of the shir st,
'wan, under Spanish colours, but supposed to. be
English property. Site was cut. Off by ;he slaves,
whn murdered all her people, excepting one sailor
and a boy; and run the ship on shore near the Rio
Pungus, where she was wrecked, ;old very little of
the property. it was thought could be recovered by
the ladtors in the neighbourho +4,, who were 'givilt
every passible attention to the buiineps.

.
The Imogene, of i 8 guns, brcly 10. ,ked• in to Go ree,
in•purbuit of a French West. Iniltatn,to, but sheliati
previously sailed from thence for the River Gitobi4.
The report of this Island having;: fallen int ,'our
hands is, we believe, premature. The Imogene, ii
we mistake not, • is the only Ship„of War at present
on the African Coast. ' ,

The LEaqond, from the 1-lavannah, which Was
litely wrecked at, the Mouill of the Thames, or) C;,R.,
vey owing to the ignorance and inattention
of the p.iot, was got off diving the late Spring,
tides, having been greaily lightened. About Soo
boxes' of Sugar have been dams►aged, the rest of her
cargo, which wa►t wean sixty thousand pounds, has
been saved.

PRINCE WILLIAM of GLOUCEsTPR visited Sir
WATK/N WILLIAMS WYNN, at :Wynnstay, last
week, and afterwards inspetted the Wrexham 'Yeo-
men Caealry,.commanded by Sir F. CLINLIFFII:
The Doke of YORK'S Mary-le-hone Volunteeis
are to meet on Wednesday next at-three o'clock, in
Loge's Cricket Ground, in uniform, for the first
t

Lord HOBART inspeeled both the Battalions of
the Queen's Royal Regiment of Volunteers yester-
day morning, to Mr, 1-IOLLAND's Field, opposite
Sloane, srrter, and wax highly lie,ased with their alp.
pearance. His Lordship will ,liec .411011 again next
Sunday.

'rhe Pit INCE of WALES has, we. hear, been grad.
nnsly pleased to ittleiw• to Sir jottti LErcEsTkies
Regiment ot'Veornanry Caydry, in ,Che,hire, his
particular permission to wear his Feathers.. In con_
*equence of which Sir JOHN gave a grand
,eprer.
tatinnent to the Corps at Maci:lesiield last week.
The Regiment consisti of six Troops, with Holse
Artillery,. and is appointed in a style, nF uncommon
.10.3 slAperiox elegance.
On :the ;sal nit.. the Duket.of assets.
tocO of his tenAntty around lum at lielvoir ;
all of whom enrolled themsdreqfn military scrvicc.

DUBLIN; SrpT. r.

CONINIISSION.

4,‘

Wrfincsiay, if ugrat 3 r 1803.
LORD NORVIRY, ‘vith'Mr. JUStiCC FINUCANE,
BatoniGEOßG'a and DALY took •the Bench-about
eleven o'clock. 'Seven of the seventeen Prisoners ar-
raigned last week, for the purpose of having Coun-
sel assigned them,- were called, and-the separate
tifetments agains(thern' read at full length. All the
Indiaments corresponded on two principal points of
High Treason out of three, etiaElt:.d by the-Statute
25 Edward 111. whiCh are,' conspiring against and
imagining,the death of the King—the second,levy-
ing War. afiairst His Maj,Sty, with a view sub-
Vert,'his: hrone and overturn . the Constitution of
his Realin. From among the number this day arraign.
ed, Ed7,vard li:-..rarnry otherwise Carney, was .seled-
ed for trial, and the other other,Pgisopers were or-
dered to withdraw.
Carney was again particularly arraigaed before
the follOvjog.jury, out of a panuel of near three
huncfred perions, one hundred and sixty of whom
attended, *the. absent having:been fined a sum -of
201, each : • • '

Richniond Allen, Esq. Foreman.
Robert Henry, f re_nctr,.' Godtrei +Byrn, ,
Ja,s. Walcor Fitzgerard, Rich.ird'Pavidson,
Win. Snell Magee, Thomas Cannnn,
John Halpin, Wm. &ante-4d, 4:
Wm. Moore, Thos. Kinder.
lltineah,

Seven out'of the pannel were peremptorily chat
lenged by the Prisoner, and ,five set aside by 'the
Crown. •
. .

Mr. O'Gp Any, brother to the Attorney. General,
as Junior*Con.p,el for the Croivh, opened the Plead.
ings, by .'briefly adverting to the Indiamerit.reaa
by the Clerk of the Craivn.

Mr. ATtottNEY GENERAL stated thecase, ek.:
hotting the Gentlemen of the, Jury . to reggl'ate
their minds and dispositions .by those,. principlet of
moderation, mildness, and benignity, which 'the
Government of the Country had adoptedptinci;-
plea which that much-lamented and. venerable No;
bleman, who fell a sacrifice to the Treason by
which his life had been Saer fieed, had immorta-
lized
,with, his last breath. The Jury were, in
consequence, bound,to:discharge.fro:in their minds
every idea of prejudice, every possible. impression
of anticipated guilt, every sentiment of indignation
which
.Must haVe' arisen from the atrocity of the
crimes adually committed, or the 'previous and mul-
tiplied schemes of treason which gave birth tb"then4
'and try the Prisoner at- the-Bar with-minds divest=
ed, as completely 'as The inftrniitiei of human nature
will allow, of all posiible rasimeSs, of pre. judgment,
or any species of ..intemperance wherein huMan pas-
sions might 'possibly hatte'a
He reCapitUlated the law of High Treason, as laid
clown by the stat. as Edw. ILL with uncommon
petspicuity, and the thill!rent 'species of overt aft,
by which these .treasons could., possibly be proved.
I le gave a detail of the Insurreaion on the 231 July,
last, marked with those circumstances pfatrecity so
often detailed, drawing at inference as to the prime
canse, that the:present Rebellion wag an emanation
froth the last, fomented and methodized by 'the
Traitors whom the humanity
.of the Government.of
1798 had ordered for transportation, in concert
with those whom they permitted to remain at hdme,,
fur want of legal evidence according to the lurid:
and benevolent construdion of those Laws they'
were implicated, in charges to attempt at overturn.

in g. . • •
Tri detailing the circumstances of Lord. Kilwar..
den's ,intattier, . while ,thelecarned Advocate was
ntscOinindq!)i* ,'eloquenc, animated,; and diffuse,
slt'ilf"aktrritinislted the Jury not to permit:
their minds to be warred beyond the medium .afi
the coolest investigatinn,and to imitate' as far' s
theY could 'the example given them by the-rlyidg,
words of that excellent charadlern. whose admir.
able life, 1-,:h in pshiic and-private,-was uniformli
e.ms:4,tenr. nt. religion
,and the purest p 9,.
rality, qytmltading a litre of exemplary virtue as. he
haittlived, with a sentiment which: should remain
ctn epital4h,on..hia tomb, to endure for ever, •" Let
lii. murderers, whoeVer they were, be tried by Site
LaWS ,of their Country." This he uttered, and at:
m )51 instantaneously expired, in reply to the well.:
itti.!nlioned bur misapplied, teal of a Civil Magis.'
tran6.who . exclaimed, his tordship'3 riturderen
ought to have summary trial, and be on convilion
im.nediattly hanged.--. The Attorney General' exi
Tariareil at great length on the Lave', which gives
strength and stability to those variety at' circum-
stances which c •nstitute overt ods of High Treas,n4
among which were finding the Prisoner with a pike
in his hand amidst an armed mob, as laid in the In.
diament,' of_ more than top persons, whose names
were unknown, having nothing. less than:the death
of the King, and the subversion of his Government,
within their Vie.a, and contemplation.
. The first Witness for the Crown Was Patrick
M'Cabe, examined by the SOLIC.ITOR-GEKFRAL.—
He deposed general!ye to the ,rebellious prcied
undzrtaken by the Insurgents of the 23d of-July.
He was a 'confederate in, and consulted by 'nifty
persons during the Rebellion of 1798, though not
an immediate aaor tittrein. Friday the 22d of
July, he heard there would he a rising on the fol.
lowing day, but .was not then informed .of the
partieula, objects the Insurgents had in view ; was
told on the following morning what the purpose
was, fur which the People were to meet on the
evening of the 'same day. He met a party in a
field contiguous to the Grand Canal, by which the
whole object of their intentions were developed,.
The first pldce destined for an experiment in their
enterprise, was to demolish the B mocks at
bridge; after seizing the arms and ammunition
' therein,' which they eXpefted could have 'been no
mote thin powder, cannon, and muskets, thefr
next objet was the Magazine in the Patki win•re
they only exitedtd gunpowder in abundance : • f
terwards Dublin Castle, at the side of Ship.strtet,
was to be attacked.. 'Many other places Were set
down fur destruction.. Went 'to' Ransfort.streei,
according to 'appointment, at nine o'clock on Satur.
previouslylay
,l
er e
quarterscie,
riovceordef3aaendb II
It ol;:usdrcarl
‘,41.1e
thenceverenmi n,gii,nachd;ai
tvlinnhigez,er.
reee,
t'r
of
Air. lions for Thomaustreet—.a few were armed

wis!i:piket,' but the greater number Were unarmed
`till tl►ey arrived thw, at the PerOr' of arms, in

Mass-lane, contiguous to the Four Coert Mg•
shalsea, where they received ournlers of lAr`o
lire.artns, and ammunition, having been enwitiet7
ed thither by a man, who with grear zeal (dieted
his services to numbers who complained; they Were
not supplied with any weapons of uffence„. He saw
the mob afterwards in this narrow lane stop a car.
riage, what he concluded to have been a road,cluiser
from—whence thPy took a. box-flunk,
which, in distributin ammunition, they gave him,
g-
the Witness, forty ball-cartridges. After rest:
marehingsind conotermarchings, the Witness we'll
to his own door, in' Ftantis.'street,- where he al"
waiting for entrance, until justice .Dituay with a
guard had seized on him, and committed him to Pri.
son. pre vitals to

On cross-examination by Mr. C. BALL, it sr-
geared that the Witness, in the Midst of the tumult
in which he .was engaged- with the rebellious Fox,
had
liberty
notick
niso tbepilnugndi et
stillin at
custody,
want
ther Government-woulcl 'extend pardOn to him for 140
testimony he gave, at not.
Edward iTi-on; Esq. chief; Peace Officer and
Magistrate of the aunty of Dahlia, stated his hay.
ing been sent,,put that night by the Superintendent
Magistrate, and substantiated, by his evidence; that
part of the Attorney General's statement, which
described' hisiitlacking a furious mob in the vicinity
of Thontas-streer, near Dirty-lane; his receivin* a
wound from the.pike of a
.rebel le:uteri! whom he in.
scantly shot dead with a pistol bullet.
of the
Felix Brady, a Lieutenant' and Adjutant
of a party, consisting of between forty and h"
2 ISt proved, that he.' had thecommano.
oomfne ntih,netaitm2t3ahateioß:fa,rojria:lclayk,s, t
hi nr e
act
eonrekd. s
irseienrg, ruin whence'
Lieutenant-Cnlonel Browne, cirnancl,
ed his Regitnent; that a ttnnultucui snob had been
in Thomas. street, which caused the, Military
&urns to beat to' arms. A reporic liArl also 1"e•
vailed that the. Soldiers were assassinated in all di.
he went to ;odour) the WM
redions'they:took, •which caused him f() take ;
route with his party over one of the briag"fp°l,,
the Grand. Canal, through James's-street'
night was extremely, dark. The first suspicious
in the
person he met was a man standing alone
middle of Timmits' -street with a Pike, on whom
he seized. liritnediately alter, a bottle Was throlvo
from .a right-hand window in Thurnas,sireet, and
a shot was fired from an entry; which wzmntied
of his party, who died on Saturday last. klearcli,
aritarrrtbrn- tumuttuuoa' noise, es c 4
a mob proceeding towards him, whom he could not
see, the night., being extremely, dark. Hi's pail
fired' three ; after which they did not rut.
ceed above five ofsix perches when he saw, not.
Withstanding the ttrkness of the night, five in"t
dead and one nun dying, with a great number 01,
pikes lying !rear them.
On cross-examination, Mr. C. BALL rot que-
ries with 'a view to estAblish an incon.isteiver
bet ween the \Vitness's testimony respeiting lof
darkness. of the night, and the p"'""biii`r t
; his. discovering these persotia lying on the gwun- '
also the improbability of the pat.-1y atteoding
cuming..unAlic-other person they had seized, with.
out his knowledge,. while he had the power
to
run away". :and dark as the t)ight was 01-'l'
stinted to have been, had a better chance of per!'•
Ceilling4l party Of men: dressed in scarlet with pit-.
tering arms,. than, they-could possibly have, of del:
crying him. :The Witness identified the priPint:
who ,lliecinnctile night
as having been, in the custody of his,parry--dids,';
See him with a pikeitaw and heard him squat"
has 'men
,ar endeavouring anescape, who iv' L-
. in-
haft 'shot,hiria were 'it-nat.:for ..iliti.the,witnesi''
teiposition—this occurred while they wore condutt''
tog Nth to 'in Chief.:
James .sto' Cuiporal, Of the list ..kegint"tt
jOt?tifird tho"Pkiiiiner ;t+t ane. of the rt y insure
gents, Whcrit,PriCon and wcice hie particoLirk
re-
cognized, Ifiv•iing heard hill's exclaim on ihe night
ir'sdrAtiient to 164.
zcti
Ol4nteed; en fie
Vhirlinsoanepr.iki riot, know.vq. high of the 133'.10'},,Is:iirora
on the Prisontir,, but-the person who did,
tailede.'
er
nearly- these cir-
: eef t I°r.
aes:blt Witnesses
:Ls
eteonlil
from
ermedi
toas:tinteri :r.
pue
si
with a m
8000 of which
fen
t
ove
were
steraaliitnegrQ. ulasdPderlr.sc,larngraat:pnli:ngf,ricqroruise,ntile•aireli.
L'ieutenant-Coltman, of the 9:li Regiment' V.of
the Barrack' Division's' exertions, with the IV've
. •
YPOng Officer 's i
sagacityn.wll iacnhdCaddress, Pn
coons.
The Prisnners Defence consisted of at; ch
c,
BALL, who elnednegatvh;iferr to his
sexcCite °uildstc)lt"ht i 7 ::i.-I.:ierilea
minds of are jury, and on ;hat, doob.t to ilech
„is
erdict of Acquittal. He paid many
on the moderation of the Gover,onenr, and apt)"
to a Similar principle in he minds 4.:f the Pty.. sr
'The Pris, nor he rept esen.ed a' a pool but Irne
an I industri iris hawker of sic ns,. vylv, had been 'IiI:.
fate, evening I.ressed into the service; of the I"'ue
g:'‘its. Certain evidences w, re ~,}Judd to pri
an alibi for him, and others to give him ,gOOO
,charafter ; he was, notwithstanding, afier 'the Jars
had retired for a hew minutes, found—Grail/J.' he
Lord Noweuttir, previous to reaps ulaiing
via
evidence, which he did very minutely, 1113 40' 1
the Law ('f high Treason, and stated I
eminent Lai, Ite[orts, the diff-rent.ruo, e, of
:tiee adop e I by the Courts in }England.. Hi,
ship was plcmiarly affetting its pronounciog:',„.
c of death on tie unhappy Prisoner, whos
ty of nWiner in.tlie mean while bOrdereti insu3.
nity, while aiming to exculpate
ti n was fixed 1,,r Friday—after which the
adjourned to nine o'clock te-triorro-Ot to
City•business the trials fur County prisoners
fixed for 11,1,Inday.
Counsel for the Crown—the Attornes'.
w~i at
shertoo
tor Generals, Messrs. Plucker, islaync,
proceed
being.
att
Ri.'r way, and O'Grady ; Crown Solicitnrs 1 "rn
Kerninis, Esq.
BaCiloaunndseßl e i‘ohscsiiigni eAd
gteont-t,hiveitt..rLts..oilN'erNaMii;:irsa; C''

i

r.

r

I

'l

~t•

tl

!d

•e

Thuridiv., Srpt. I. - ,‘
Thomas Maxwell Roche stood indieied for High
Trea,oo, on the statute 25 Edward 1.IL: as in the
loniser trial-. . . , •
The ATTOR'NET,GENFRAL stated, that the In.: -
diflment eessited only of two out of, the three
species of High Treason, ena&ed by that tatute,,
viz. conspiring and imagining the death of the.
Kin*,
.andlevying War against him , in Order to
subvert his Government. Thete_ were to be only
proved by what the Law 'terms overt ads--such as
taking arms .among:tumultuous mobs—having arms
found in custody .of individualssunder that specific
purpose.of treason, and from no.other posSible cause
of combination nr -local disturbance, proclaiming
any other real or pretended grievance as the pre-
text.
The same course of evidence-that occurred yes.
terday had been previously gone into, with a view
to establish the fad of insurrection On the night
"f Ale 23d July, viz. the testimonies of. Mr.
Wilton, Chief Peace. Officer of the Rotunda Di.'
vision, and. Lieutenant Brady of the iist Regi.:
mere, who identified the Prisoner as bearing a
pike on that night, in
.the ct urse of his testimony,
to the Edlowing effeet, viz. That he apprehended
the Prisoner in Thomas-street about hall-past
rase o'clock by his patty, as he stated before,
consisting of between .1.0 and 50 men of the z tst
Regiment of Fuzileers, in their way from the
Barracks in Cork-street to Usher's Island, to corn.
municate 'to the deceased Colonel Browne the iofor-
, !nation they had received of a projeded "rising. of
the Rebels an that night. He !Lather deposed,
that he took the Prisoner at the Bar in the ad of
holding a pike in a diagonal direEtion, with both
hands across his breast,, the iron part downwards,
which lie described as a spike of about 1 8-inches
loeg,inserted in a wooden handle and fastened by
an. •iron ring. On .conveying him with thirteen
prisoners by orders of General Fox from James's.
street Barrack' to the Old Min's HOspital, the
Prisoner there threw himself on his knees before
the General, pleaded his age and distressed family,
anon" solemnly protested the pike had been forced
on hiM by the insurgents in Thomas.street.—
In the previous part of the Witness's testimony,
he proved that the Prisoner when seized on made
an hideous noise, grappled to his pike, and of.
fered a considerable resistance against the party
)
who seized on him, when Witness conceived had
the pike been forged on him as he declared before
General Fox, at the distance he.bad been from the
party, before they came near him, being more than
twenty yards, he had full opportunity of throwing',
, the pike away, in which case he 'might have re.
mained safe and unmolested, . as. Witness's intention
was not to have noticed any man whom he did not
find with artna
The identity of the traiterous Proclamation,
goo° of which had been depoeed, as in the former
Case, to have beets found in the deptst of pikes, arms,
ammunition, &c. in Mass-lane, near Thomas.street,
Was proved by a Serjeant Rice, of the last witness's
party.—One part, beside the title being that of
se The Provisional Government to the People of
Ireland," was read, specifying that they intended
to convert this country into a Republic.—This was
urged as an overt ad, to prove both the cases of
High Treason stated in the indidmenr.
bMr. NPNALt.Y., in. a very animated speech of one
our, took a review of the state ofthecountry,and the
circumstances of slavery under which the
people of
!:. France groaned under a tyrant'.Usurper,' He marked
the transition from their former state, to bor.
row as - he said, an idea from his friend and-col:
league, Mr. Curran, whose absence at that nunnent
authorized him to use the freedom---." where ever
. bludgeon its the hands of a ruffian was converted intoy a kept re."—fle felicitated the country on the happy
state that .still was likely to ensue, from the mild
and o mciliatory spirit of the Government, evinced
peculiarly b) the time they had suffered to elapse,
helots they appointed the Special Commission to try
the persons impeached. Ile complimented the At.
torney General on the fairness and candOisr which
he displayed in his statement to, the Duty, wherein
, . lie exhorted them, to detach their minds from every
previous impress i at, .0 f what they ntiglif have either
seen nr heard, re,letting the unhappy event which
gave
,rise to the delusion under which the unfortunate
persons laboured, Who s.dso becatne.sulsj ' f
this
pro.
.
SeOltloll. He stated that the confession, which
the Prisoner made. of his innocence before General
,_,x, was a judicial one before a Magistrate, the
General being a-Privy.Counsellor, a confession which
should have ail the weight attached to it, in. point
Of excavation, as a confession Of guilt would to
establish cOnvinion.
Joseph, Huband, Esq. Barrister at Law,. was
, ,cal_ka to the charader of the Prisoner.—He de,.
Posed that lie kneW him as a stator who worked for
him about '
faomr t,htelthGerra......snetinv_eena ,n
or eight years ago—also worked
I al Company, of 'which witness is
point of
ofloyalty or otherwise, anti could only speak
him eeplivl
adually bad'
,• • he heard the !tint-.'lsth
as having never heard any thing
. inm--but he was Obliged to confess
;,.: imputationabout t le Rebellion, wai not weal liked
CCa some of the lower class of people about the Grand,
anal,
011 thers were
called',
to his charader,• who were
equay ignorant of it in point of loyalty.
,r_ Justice FINUCANE prefaced his Charge to the
octets indiscriinitlating between-the different inters.
'IN by which armed -mobs might probably be
',. ofua'ea ; some he said might proceed to lawless ads
outrage, such as journeymen tradesmen, from
combinations to raise wages, &e. The jury) in the
Present case, however, were to exercise their judg. Ments as to the traiterout principles, or the con.
hart., by es hich the insurgents were governed in
their conduct on the night of the 23a of July ; and
tiley' must be certain that their intentions as well as
titeie proceedings, resulted from a conspiracy to com.
• Pass and imagine the death of the King, and levy
war against him, befote they should find the Pris
toner guilty. He recapitulated the evidence very
minutely. .
verblle Jury retired a few minutes, and returned a
set,ict—Criiky. Sentence of death was awfully pro-
ill‘ltmced by list. Learned Judge, who. seemed much
' 4"(1, alter a feeling, exhortation on the delusion
,i,lt i Ile lower orders of the People were subiefti

tit ugh the infatitation anti grounaless-expeattions
of !wealth arttlpo,ver they formed to •themselves in
consequence of the phantoms of French fraternity
so :industriously raised by artful Incendiaries, to ruin
thetni and on their ruin to endeavour at accomplish-
in a fancied aggrandiam)ent fur themselves.

avea Kirwan was indiaed in manner and form
as aforesaid.

'Richard Wilson, Lieut.. Coltman, and. Serjeant.
Rice, were 'severally called to stirove the existence
ofithe traitorous Conspiraey,. the, depbt of arms, &c.
ißcinjamin Adams, says, he is a silk wptver, lives
at, No. 12, Plunket7strect, knows the Prisoner for
10 or i a years, who lives nearly opposite him ; he
reColleAs the night of the 23d; saw the Prisoner lean.
ing aver hiS door ; saw' him go tip repeatedly from his
house to Thpmas-street with a green bag filled with
sOmeihing I saw him" between eight and nine o'clock
going into his house, he was then in the window on
the third floor; saw a rocket in the air go across
the street over the Prisoner's house ; Prisoner then
said There is the rocky!, my boys ';" he then turn-
ed into his shop, put on a green Oat, and went out
his wife followed him, and made, him_ come. back and
put on a cotton jacket. Prisoner put a pike oh his
shoulder, and said, II God's blood, boys, the town
is our own to-night." He then said, any than
that does not turn out to-night will surely. be. put to
death to-morrow." The Prisoner then and his-party
ran up Plunket.street, and turned into ;Thomas_
street. The party were all armed witkpikes, and
the 'Prisoner at the bar also had a pike ; in abut
half an hour afterwards saw a parcel of armed tion
pass dOwn Plunket.street, towards Patrick-street ;
in about a quarter of an hour after, 6o or 7o persons
came down Plunketatreet I some of them stopped
at the Prisoner's doOr, and some lower down ; they
got beer. • Kirwan's wife ~had something prepated
for them. In about half an hour he heard a firing
from the Coombe.

Crott.examined hy Countellt ;Cu R R A ti.—Said Pri-
soner was an old clothes-man, and believes it a,ccini.
mon ptglice for such men to go home with their
clothes in.that manner; he admits the Prisoner may
have been carrying old clothes to Thomas-street
Market-house to sell ; did not ask the WitneSs to
turn out ; first told this evidence to his father, then
to a Mr. Dalton, then to Major. Sirr. Said he never
differed with the Prisoner ; a married man ; there
had been a quarrel and separation between the Wit.
nese and his Wife ; that the Prisoner received and
sheltered her after their parting ; his Wife at pre-
sent converses with him, but does not live with
him ; says he was called in by a woman, who said,
" Mr. Adams, come in, this it the night of the
tnat.:acre."

Joseph Adams proved the circumstances of the
men coming down armed with pikes, and that his
son was at home all the night ; that he lives oppo-
site Kirwan ; did not see him for a week after ;
knows that Kirwan has a child at nurse ; and hap-
pened to be on guard on the Coombe the night the
Prisoner was taken, whick was in a few days after
this circumstance.
Counsellor:Cl:MlLAN made a most impressive,
speech dh the happy change in the temper of the G -
vernitteitt) and its consequent eifeas on the People,
seen in the despicable and contemptible attempt of
the night of the 23d.. He wished the circumstances.
were repcirted fairly, and known in France as they
were here, that the enemies of this Country may
know that the public, sentiment is in favour of chat
mild and equitable Government which we live un..
der, and that we abhor the opinions of .democratic
enfloriates, who want us to abandon every thing
valuable and dear to us. s'
Prisoner. _
called Richard.. in Plun.
;
ket-street was there the 23.1 July last ; .is tenant
to the Prisoner ; saw the Prisoner between nine and
ten o'clock ; says the Prisoner is an honest, sober,
regular. man. Ile saw -a party coining down
Nunket.street that night ; at firs: th.light thim
watchmen, brat now knows they were not—this
was half an hour brfOre he s..w the Prison:yr—did
not see the Prisoner for some iiinc atter that—heard
he went to see his child at noise.
Mark laffan, saw the Prisoner the whole day.of
the 231 July, and is sure he saw him go to bed be-
tween nine and ten at night; and sas hint every thiy
of the ensuing week.
Pristiner called several persons, who gave him
the-charafter of a sober, industrious nun, and one
whom they never heard was concerned in any re.
bellious of sirs.
Jury retired and found him Guilty.---Sentence
Will be, passed to.morrow.

, .
On. Wednesday last, that very aelive and zeal-
ous. Magistrate, Captain Dawson, of Palmerstown,
took. into custody a man . of. he name of Col.
.gan, who was daring enough to threaten the
Priest of Chapelizod parish 4t the altar, for ex-
horting his congregation' to: live soberly, to be
amenable .to. the Laws, and to, give up all idea of
their rebellious principles, as in the end it could
tend to nothing hut their disgrace and ruin.
This rebellious villain had the audacity to tell
the Priest not to attempt to meddle' in business
that -did not concern him, and that if he did,
he would soon make him lorry for it; and follow.
ed him after the service, threatening him, should
he interfere in the like manner again. He is since
fully committed to.the,Provost Prison.
One of the barbarians who was at the murder of
Lord Kir-wAttPiN, and who lived at Strokestown,
county Roscommon, has surrendered himself; he
acknowledges his guilt, and it is supposed will make
a full discovery of every circumstance he knows of
that horrid transailiOn.

Ma,Or SW AN took into custody, on Sunday even.
ing last, five men speaking the language and wear.
.ing the garb of Frenchmen. One, it is said, had a
silk sash inside his waistcoat, with a _dagger fixed'
therein, and a number of French Louis d'ors.
Another appeared by certain papers in his custody
to have been a native of Brussels, who was recently
in the service of a Mr. ARTHUft, of the County of
Clare, who, it is mentioned, hired him in Dresden,'
and brought him, with other foreign servants, to
his family seat, where he discharged the Prisoner,
in consequence of certain arrangements he hail been
making in his household, by which he resolved to
,retain but one foreign servant. Two col of the 4Ye,
only were committed.
