le
(
- --A_
• . .
/ \. .
•
1 .
. ,
f?") .., ~.,. .1.q11:L„,--.6• 1:,,,,,
...
..________,_._ ....
..
ct. . ~, , N..,,, • . ~. ,4- 1: ' '",', •
• -
fir. 4 CIP. ...-r...z 7 ' l': .' ` ! t
..
2
4, ....
..,_-!, , ,
A ~
_ -
/ .. N.
-,
---,., _ - ---• , \' '.. +
~a,
.....,,. ..,. ,
..„, . , .°_ery ,/,,;•,-,..,,t, ,g.',',;-.-, .-
e; - %-v, ~,: .
~,,,i,, gh0,41.,4, .6,1,,,,i7,j01N
.- ~,- , ---,,,,,t.c):--,„ ~.i.>i
,c) 1,,--,---.....,v,
n,ll
. ..-

(No. 12,373.)

TUIRD EDITION
SUN OFFICE, Hay-past Rigid.

111 PERM LPA LUMENri

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

On the motion of Sir G. CLcJ , the Members for the
Eastern Dis!riets of Scotland were ordered to to added to
the Committee on the E linhurgh and Glasgow Railway
Bill.

Mr. H. STEWAIIT presented a petition from various
parishes in the county of Donegal against the plan 01
Natinnal Education in Ireland.
Mr. AUNT said be had a petition which he wished
to present in the presence of the Under Secretary of
State, but he did not now know whether there was any
such efficer as the Under Secretary of State. It
was from William Tiiimouth, a prisoner in Durham
Gaol, who had been compelled to sne in forma paupe-
ri s, but who was now in solitary confinement, and
he complained of gross ill-treatment by the gaoler. There
was a trap-door in his cell, which he had been
able to open, and he found there was a well
under it, and he was aptrehensive that he would
hese his life. From his (Mr. Hunt's) experience,
he had reason to believe that murders were committed in
prisons, at least it was proved that one was committed in
llchesrer Gaol while he was imprisoned there. There
was a charge in the petition against a learned Judge, Mr.
Baron Bayley, of keeping some papers which the peti-
tioner had sent to him, which, however, he (Mr. Hunt)
had ascertained was incorrect. He was bound to say thus
much, because although he had been imprisoned two years
and a half by order of that Learned Judge, he believed him
incapable of such conduct as the petitioner attributed to him.
He supposed it was useless to call the attention of the
House, tinder its present state of excitement, to the case of
the unfortunate petitioner, and he should therefore merely
move to lay the petition upon the table.
Mr. O'CONNELL was of opinion that the case of the
petitioner deserved inquiry, and he hoped the Hun. Mem-
ber for Preston would call the attention of the House to it.
The Marquess of CHANDOS presented petitions from
the members ofa friendly institution for promoting rational
humanity among the anim. I creation, for the removal of
Smithfield Market ; from the landed proprietors, mer-
chants, bankers, &c. of Stirling, praying for relief to the
West India colonies; from the ship-owners, tee. of Port
Glasgow to the same effect; from the coffee-dealers of
Edinburgh, praying the House to adopt measures to pre-
vent the adulteration of coffee; from the parish of Oidley,
in the county of Bucks, for a revision of the poor-laws ;
and, also from the town of Galway, in favour of the Gal-
way franchise.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL presented a petition from Thomas
Starling, of Wilmington-square, against the Tower Ham-
lets Court of Requests Bill. The Hon. and Learned
Member then moved that an address be presented to his
Majesty for a copy of the third report of the Law Commis-
sioners.—Ordered.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented two petitions from Wey-
mouth and Melcombe Regis, oue i❑ favour of, and the
other against the plan of Irish education.
Mr. WILKS presented a petition from a friendly so-
ciety held in Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate.street, relative
to the laws regarding friendly societies.
Mr. HUME postponed a notice of motion of his which
stood for to-morrow fur a fortnight.
On the motion of Mr. MURRELL, the Labourers' Em-
ployment Bill was read a second time.
Mr. BRISCOE presented a petition from the inhabi-
tants of Kingston-upon-Thames, praying fur the repeal of
the punishment of death in certain cases; also two peti-
tions from different parts of Lancashire in favour of the
Factories Bill.
Mr. WEYL AND brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Poor Allotments Bill.

The second reading of the Pluralities Benefices Bill,
was postponed till Monday next.
RESIGNATION OF MINISTERS.

(PRICE 7D.)

•wsbury in favour of Reform. Also a petition from th,
nlathitants of the town and neighbourhood of Birmingham
-o the same effect, signed, as he understood, from sources
• .f the highest respectability by upwards of 200,000
r individuals. The Noble and Learned Lord then said
—I shall not enter at large into the subject mat-
er of this petition on the present occasion. I stand
it the situation of my Noble Friend before you
Lordships having with hint humbly tendered my resigns.
thin to his Majesty in consequence of the advice which
with my Noble Friend, I had humbly tendered to
the King not having been accept d by his Majesty.
11), Lords, with my Noble Friend, to the latest hour of
my existence. I shall never cease to entertain the deep-
est, heartfelt sense of the gracious kindness and confidence
which my Noble Friend and the rest of his colleagues have
received from my King during the period I have had the
honour to be a Member of His Majesty's Council.
Lord SUFFOLK was very anxious to hear the Peti-
tion read. He wished to hear the sentiments of his fel-
low countrymen on the great question to which it referred.
The petition having been read by the Clet k at the table,
His LORDSHIP proceeded to say that the petition did
great credit to the people of Birmingham. It was tempe-
rate as well as firm. He diii not know that he should
not add conciliatory. Perhaps he ought to congratulate
the country on the change which their Lordships bad
just been coiled to witness. Man Opposition, they bad done
more than as a Ministry. As an Opposition, they had been
instrumental in giving liberty to the Catholics of Ireland
—(Loud cheers).— and as an Opposition they had conferred
freedom of conscience on the Dissenters of England. Above
all be congratulated the people of this country on the
p rtient. continued temperate, and constitutional—Le
should say, conciliatory course they bad adopted.—(Heir,
hear.) They had one Reform from their friends. Let
them proceed in the same way and they would boon extort
it from their enemies.—(Loud cheers.)
Lord PLYMOUTH had made extensive inquiries for
the purpose of ascertaining the real state of the numb -r
and character of tbosa said to have t een present at the
Birmingham meeting, and could not liv any means accede
to the calculation of the Noble and Learned Loid who
presented the petition. Many had gone from curiosity,
and booths thad been erected for the purpose of games.
The LORD CHANCELLOR deprecated the discussion
which had thus inadvertently arisen. Some might have
attended the meeting through cut iosity, but their Lordships
would much mistake if they thought the body and bulk
of the people had attended from curiosity to partake of
the accidental sports. They hid attend, d from the great
anxiety they felt sincerely, with a view to promote the
grand objectol the meeting. He would take this opportunity
of stating also that indeed he had been requested to state
that the peaceable demeanour and 10)al conduct of these
that had attended the meeting had not been disturbed or
bro'aan in upon during the course of the proceedings by
even one single appearance of tumult.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH suggested to the Noble Earl

opposite, that he should move the discharging of the order
for the Committee on the Reform Bill to-morrow, anti to
nthninate some other day, when it might be convenient to
proceed in it
Earl GREY said, I intended to move that the order be
discharged, hut I think, my Lords, there is no necessity
that any other order of the day should now be appointed.
Lord DURHAM presented two petitions, one from the
Yeovil Political Union, the other from the Corporation
of the city cf Perth in favour oi the Reform Bill. Also
a petition from the city of Durham fur the abolition of
negro slavery.

Lord ALTHORP did not enter the House till five
o'clock. Upon his entrance, he was greeted with
the most enthusiastic cheers from the Members on the
Ministerial side of the House. After order had in some
measure been obtained, the Noble Lord rose and addressed

the Rouse as follows :—" Sir, it is my duty
to state to the House, in consequence of what
took place elsewhere on Monday last, it appearing quite
impossible that his Majesty's Government could hope to
carry the Reform Bill in such a manner as they thought con-
sistent with their ditty, or without such alterations as would
render it so perfectly in, fficient that they could not agree
to it, consistently with the pledge which had been given--
under such circumstances we had but two courses to pur-
sue, either to tender our resignation to his Majesty, or ad-
vise him to take such measures as would enable us to
carry the Bill through. We have adopted the for-
mer alternative; and I have now, Sir, to state to the
House that we have tendered our resignations to his
Majesty, and that his Majesty has been most graciously
pleased to accept the same. 'We, therefore, at the present
time, only hold our places until our successors are
appointed. In making the statement I have done, Sir, it
is impossible that I can conclude without expressing for
my-self and my colleagues the sense we feel of the kindness
and the condescension with which we have been treated
by his Majesty ; I shall always remember it to the latest
day of my life. Under the present circumstances, Sir,
the House will need no apology from me in proposing the
second reading of the Scotch Reform Bill, for the purpose
of postponing it."

Ea l CARNARVON did not think that he should be
doing his duty to that House, to the people,
and to the Sovereign, who was now left in an
extraordinary difficulty, he might say perilous state, of
seeing the most contemptuous discharge of the order of the
day for considering in Committee the Reform Bill if he did
not make a motion upon the subject. After the Lords had
intimated their wish to proceed in their consideration of
the Bill, in the most liberal and conciliatory manner,
merely because the mode of proceeding in the alphabetical
. . . .

TheSPE:KER having put the question,
Lord EBRINGTON rose. He felt deep regret at the
statements which had been just pnade by the Noble Lord,
and he thought it his duty, and he wished chat duty had
been placed in abler hands, to give notice that he should
to-morrow move a respectful address to his Majesty upon
the present state of the affairs of the country, and he
should follow that up by moving that the House should
be called over.—(Hear, hear).
Mr. G. LANGTON was sure that the communication
which had been made would spread terror and alarm
through the whole country.

manner suggested by his Majesty's subjects had not been
adopted, because the House would not allow schedules A and
schedule B. to precede schedule C. the most extraordinary
event had been consequent upon it. The Noble Earl op-
posite might act as he pleased, but he never told the House
the alternative he did to his Sovereign. Their Lordships
knew what was the ground, the slight ground of
their defeat on the preceding evening of one of the most
foul, most atrocious sets, which subjects perhaps ever
dared to insult by it the ears of their Sovereign. Their
Lordships had heard, as was natural to expect, that the
Sovereign of this country, who was the first to recom-
mend Reform, upon its broad and general
principles, had acted as every Sovereign of the House of
Brunswick would act, and had thus gained, if possible, an
additional claim to the gratitude of hi 4 subjects. But
it should not be thrown out to toe public that
the determination of the Government,. whatever their
motive was bad, originated in the vital rejection of the
Bill. For this Bill in that House must be discussed,
though the majority of their Lordships, which he did not
believe, were against it. He should therefore move in.
stanter that the order of the day be now discharged, and
should stand for Committee on Monday neat. Whether
or not the House would be in a state to proceed on so
early a day to the consideration of it he did not know, but
he knew that it would then be easy to move fur a further
adjournment of it.
Lord GREY said, my Lords I have been too much
accustomed to the intemperate, the violent, the personal
--(Hear, hear)—the unparliamentory—(Hear, hear)—
the almost disorderly attacks--(Loud cheers)—of the No-

hie Lord, to he much affected by them on the occasion.
Nor is it for the purpose of defending myself against im-
putations such as the Noble Earl has thought proper to
cast on me that I now rise. I trust that in the estinta-

Mr: HUME could not avoid expressing his individual
opinion on the important information which had been com-
municated by the Noble Lord. In justice to the Noble
Lord and his colleagues, he was bound to state that the
situation in which they were placed by the vote of the
()alit. House had left them no other course to adopt
than the one they had followed—(Cheering) —and
here he would state his opinion that they had done
themselves honour, which opinion he believed would be
also entertained by the whole country for the course they
had pursued.—(Cheers.) He exceedingly regretted that
the just expectations of a united people which had
been raised to such an extent, and carried on from day
to day with an anxious hop• of a speedy termination had
been wholly frustrated, and in a manner which made
it very likely to end in some very great calamity.
As a reformer, and a lover of his country, he lamented to
see the peaceful hopes of the country interrupted. He
did anticipate that the Noble Earl who had brought for-
ward this measure would have been enabled to carry it to
a happy and a prosperous end. He again repeated his
regret, and would wait with some anxiety the result of
the motion of the Noble Lord (Ehrington) to-morrow,
and he trusted that, upon that occasien, every Member
would attend and agree in adopting that course which the
interests of the country, which the dignity of the House,
and the public peace required.—(Cheers.)
Mr. O'CONNELL rose, but gave way for
Lord ALTHORP, who said that the Noble Lord who
had given notice of a motion, had taken him by surprise,
and he should have wished for a short time to consider
the proposition. Ile submitted to his Noble Friend that,
in the present state of affairs, whether any such step as
hi: Noble Friend proposed to adopt, would not tend to
embarrass the formation of a new Administration. He
should certainly wish that the proposition had been post-
poned.—(Hear, and cries of " No.")
Sir J. NEWPORT differed much from his Noble Friend
who had just sat down.—(Cheers.) He entreated
the Noble Lord (Ebrington) net to withdraw
or postpone his motion.—(Cheers.) It was most impor-
tant, at a period like the present, when there had been a
vast majority of the House in favour of the Bill, that they
should express in opinion upon the present crisis. He,
therefore, entreated the Noble Lard not to withdraw his
motion.—(Cheers.) As to the Noble Lord's intention of
calling the House te-morrow, he.hoped he would recon-
sider that part of his motion, because there was not time
to send to those Members who were in the country. BLit

tio❑ of your Lordships and of the public my cha-
racter does stand, I hope I may say it without
presumption, sufficiently high to guard me from fear of
suffering from such imputations—(Cheers)—from such a
quarter. The Noble Lord is pleased to qualify the
advice that I have felt it my duty to give to
the Sovereign, as atrocious, as insulting, as such
as no subject should give—(hear, hear, from the Opposi•
tion)—and there are persons on the other side of the House
who I see agree in that sentiment. All I can say on the
subject is, that I del-rred that advice till the last moment,
when the necessity of the circumstance of the time, and my
sense of public duty imposed it upon me, as an obligation
from which I thought I could not escape, humbly to tender
that advice to his Alajesty.—(Cheers.) Whether, my
Lords, that advice was right or wrong, when Noble Lords
choose to bring me under discussion, 1 shall be prepared
to argue the question, and defend myself in the best way
I can—(Cheers)—and I appeal with confidence to the
House and to the public, whatever motive the Noble
Earl may please to impute to me, for I believe the
Noble Earl attached some particlar motive to my
conduct.—(Cries of " No, no.") If the Noble Lord mean•
to disclaim it, I will not allude to motives which be has
not imputed. But I say, my Lords, that advice I shall
be prepared to defend whenever an opoortunity offers.
--(Hear.) I throw myself upon the character of this
House and the public to consider whether it was possible
I could have had any other motives than those which arose
from a strict sense of what I feel my public duty. Having

given that advice upon an important subject, the alternative
was simple, it being rejected, I suppose that a Minister of
the Crown, when he stands in a situation of offering to
his Alajesty upon an important subject, and if that
advice, which is then tendered, is not accepted—
and if the subject is of sufficient importance as that
brought before your Lordships, he has no alternative
than tendering, in all respect which I feel for his Majes-
ty's unbounded goodness to me, the situation which I held
_ _

from my sovereign. My Lords, that is the course in which
I have proceeded, but it seems, according to the Noble
Lord's opinion, atrocious and violent, for he says thefe
was only a trifling difference of opinion. The ques-
tion on which the Government were outnum-
bered was a mere matter of form, and nu
deeper affected the essential principles or success
of the Bill. It was proposed to be said in a most conci-
liatory spirit, and was, in point of fact, no more than a
question whether the discussion of schedule C and D should
take precedence of A. and B. Why if it was a question
of that light importance, I think the censure
of the Noble Lord would be just, but I did not so consi •
der it.---(Hear, hear.) And in the debate I stated t.
your Lordships the reasons why it appeared to me to hi
a question of the utmost importance, materially affect.
ing the success of the measure.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
I stated to your Lordships that it seemed materially to at
feet the principle of the measure, for the principle we un-
doubtedly proceeded on:was the relieving of the Constitutioi
from that evil which was connected with nomination Lo-
