GERMAN PAPERS.

DARMSTADT, Nov. 12.—T0 the prohibition of two o
our journals—the Observer in Hesse, and the New Hessian
Journal for the people—is added that of the Old
Hessian Journal, published at Spires. This journal,
which, as well as the new one, appeared under the
auspices of M. E. E. Hoffman, had replied to the many
articles lately published against the dissolved Assembly
of the States, by the defence of it in the spirit of a
moderate opposition. Immediately afterwards, a Mini-
sterial notification appeared in the Government Journal,
by which it is prohibited in the Grand Duchy. The
editor has announced that, under these circumstances, it
ceased to appear for the present.
The evident intention of all these measures is to keep
the approaching elections as free as possible from the in-
fluence of the opposition papers.
DRESDEN, Nov. B.—Some days ago several gentlemen
from Prague and Vienna arrived on the banks of the Elbe.
It is affirmed that the object of their meeting is to realise
the plan which has already been conceived of uniting the
Rhine with the Danube, and even to join the Rhine with
the Elbe, by means of communications with the Danube
and the Moldan, and then to force a passage by water to
the Black Sea by way of Vienna, upon Semlin and Ne•
oeopolis, as far as Vienna, and thence by the Black Sea to the
Archipelago and the Mediterranean, and on the other hand by
means of the Moldau and the Elbe, by way of Prague,
Dresden, Magdeburg, and Hamburg, with the Baltic and
the German Ocean. As there is already a communication
between the Danube and the Moldau, by the iron railroad,
to B'idwers, it remains only to overcome the difficulties of
the ❑avigation on the Moldau and the Elbe, especially by
steamboats, and it is with this view that the gentlemen
above mentioned have been commissioned by Austria to
examine the two rivers. It is affirmed that the plan for
uniting the Rhine and the Danube has already been
adopted by the governments cencerned.— Frankfort
Papers, Nov. 17.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COVENT-GAR:

IEN MARKET.

There was a good supply at tl
trade was rather dull, at little va

:his morning's market, but the
ariation from last week's prices.

s.d. s.d.
Potatoes (cwt.)
Ca.ibages,Savoy(l2) 1 6 3 0
Ditto Red 0 0 5 0
Cauliflowers 1 0 2 0
Horse Radish(bundle) 4 0 6 0
Celery 0 6 1 0
Carrots ,12bunches) 4 0 7 0
Turnips
Coleworts or Greens 2 0 4 0
Leeks ........

....__
a. d s. (I.
Spinach (half-sieve) 0 6 to 0 8
Apples 2 0 7 0
Pears 4 0 8 0

Quinces '3 0 5 0
Onions 2 0 2 6
Onions (pickling)
Seville Oranges (100) 8 0 14 0
Sweet Oranges 5 0 10 0
Lemons 7 0 13 0
Walnuts
Span. Chesnuts (peck) 4 6 6 0
French ditto
French Walnuts 4 0 6 0
Spanish tiazlenuts 4 0 6 0
Brazilian Nuts 3 0 4 0

Turnip Raddishes 1 0 161
For. Grapes (per lb.) 0 8 2 6
English, Forced 1 0 2 0
Filberts
Pine Apples (lb.)
Melons (each) 4 0 8 0

HAY M A RKETS.--; At per Load 0136 Trusses.)
CU M FiEKL AND.
Supply moderately good, trade dull, and prices barely stationary.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 5 to £3 10
New Meadow Hay 3 15 4 10
Useful Old Ditto 3 15 4 0
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 4 5 4 10
Clover Hay 4 5 5 10
Oat Straw £1 6to £1 8 I Wheat straw... 1 8 110

SMITHFIELD.
Clover Hay ss. per load lower than last qUoted ; prices other
stationary. Supply moderate, and trade dull.
Cuarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £3 0 to £3 5
New Meadow Hay 3 10 4 5
Useful Old Ditto 3 5 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay ..... 4 0 4 5
Clover Hay (extra fine)...£s o... Generally
') at Straw ... £1 4to £ I 6 I Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10

7 - - ,
HUNGE'III ORD.
Supply rather limited, trade very dull, and prices as last quoted.
Coarse Meadow Hay £3 0 to £3 5
New Meadow Hay 3 5 4 5
Useful Old Ditto
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye grass Hay 4 0 4 5
Clover Hay 3 15 5 5
Oat Straw ... £ 1 sto .£1 81 Wheat Straw-- 1 8 1 10

THE FINE ARTS.—The Third Session of
the Artists' London Conversazione commenced last evening
at the London Coffee-house, Ludgate-hill. There was a
very numerous attendance of both the old and new
members. There were also many amateurs and patrons
of the arts present. The number of works in painting
and sculpture were likewise numerous, as well as the
drawings. Those we thought most deserving of atten-
tion were a beautiful small picture of " Cupid and
Psyche," by Etty, R.A. ; some fine drawings by Turner,
R. A. ; some very clever drawings of the old school of
water colour painting, by Girtin. There was also an in-
terestin4 collection of Continental scenery by C. L.
Stanfield, A.R.A. In the historical branch of art there
were excellent designs by the venerable Stothard, R.A.
This venerable man is now in the 80th year of his age, of
which period be has been nearly 40 years a " Royal
Academician."

TRADES' UNION.— Appearances indicate an
approaching struggle between the operatives of this town
and their employers, which, we are afraid, will be attended
with en almost total suspension of business for a time,
unless a compromise take place. During the past week
it is said that upwards of 800 of the workmen have joined
the Trades' Union, and entered into engagements with
each other, under the sanction of an oath, which is im.
posed on every member ; but the terms of this compact
are kept a profound secret. Their object, however, is
understood to be the protection of labour, and for this
purpose they have adopted the forms and ceremonies of
the Freemasons or Odd-fellows. These proceedings,
connected with what has transpired at Manchester, Leeds,
and other places, have aroused the attention of the manu-
facturers, who have bad several meetings during the week,
but nothing has transpired respecting their intentions. It
appears, however, the workmen themselves are apprehen-
sive their employers will follow the example of the Leeds
manufacturers, and try to break up the Union by refusing
to employ any of the members. On Tuesday last, Mr.
Frost, the silk manufacturer, discharged one of his hands ;
for what reason we have not heard, but as soon as it was
known in the manufactory every member of the Union
left his employment, and refused to return, unless the dis-
carded workman was taken on again. With this Mr.
Frost refused to comply, and they all left ; in consequence
his works have been standing ever since... Derby
Reporter.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 23, 1833.

The Paris Papers of Thursday, which arrived
this morning, are still barren of important facts
respecting the operations of the contending
parties in Spain. The accounts which they do
contain are not such as to enable the public
here to form an opinion as to the prospect which
the QUEEN REGENT has of putting down the
insurrection with the means now in her posses-
sion ; but we have no doubt of the correctness
of the opinion which we offered at the beginning
of the contest, viz., that, whatever may be the
success of the QUEEN in quelling the insurrec-
tion for the moment, the final, and not very
distant, result of the present struggle will be the
establishment of a constitutional system. It
appears by a letter from Madrid in one
of the French papers, that some doubts
were entertained there of the fidelity
of SAARSFIELD to the Government, a sus-
picion which we have for some days past
entertained, and which will be resolved into cer-
tainty if an opportunity should offer without
compromising the General's safety. There is
little fear, however, of his joining the partisans
of CARLOS. If he should be able to use the
means which he has for a great purpose, it will
be to proclaim a Constitution. A morning con-
temporary here says General SAARSFIELD is
understood, in his principal operations, to be
acting in concert with the French commanders
on the other side of the frontier, who have ad-
vised him to strengthen his positions on the Ebro,
in order to keep the insurgents confined as
much as possible to the northern provinces, and
to drive them, as fit occasions may offer, into
the French territory, where due care will be
taken of them. This, however, is an impro-
bable statement. The French Government
cannot be very anxious for another influx of
refugees, particularly those of a class whose
epresence in France
s sm ent.
Thetak occasioning
care
of considerableth
them also
would be attended with an expense which the
present economical Minister of Finance would
be very unwilling to incur. The same paper
alludes to a report that in many parts of Spain
a very strong feeling is beginning to take place
among the people against the monks, and that
exciting songs and pasquinades, calculated to in-
crease that feeling, have been issued. " Hence,"
says our contemporary, " an expectation seems
to prevail, that the civil war with which Spain
is threatened will assume the shape of a contest
between the people and time ecclesiastics." We fear
it will not be very easy in many of the Spanish
provinces to excite a teeling against the monks,
but should it be practicable, the result would be
of little service to the existing government.
Where the people of Spain are sufficiently
enlightened to throw off the yoke of the priest-
hood, they will not hesitate to give their co-
operation to the liberals, who are labouring to
establish a Constitution.

We have inserted, in another column, ac-
counts from Spain to the 12th instant. The
Madrid Gazette contains an official document,
by which all relations with Don MIGUEL are
broken off, on the ground of the support and
encouragement he has given to Don CARLON ;

will
and it is added, that the QUEEN R.EGgNI
use her efforts to bring about the
pacification oPortugal, by her mediation. In this document
there is no recognition of the authority of °)e
Queen of PORTUGAL, although we were aB'
sured by the French Government, several wee"s
ago, on the pretended authority of a telegrePhi,n
despatch from Ilayonne, that the recognition had
formally taken place. M. ZEA }3ERIvIUDES it°
seems, although willing to break off with 131°n
MIGUEL, is not disposed to recognize the
present Government of Portugal, without 1"
structions from the Holy Alliance. to e grr
ciously, however, offers his mediation fr t".
settlement of the difference between the two
brothers. He seems to forget that he has t°
put down the Carlists in Spain, and to keep
the Liberals from rising, before he can throw h's
mighty weight into the scale of Portuguese
dissension. It is really ludicrous in a Minister'
who finds it difficult to maintain himself, even
in the capital of his own country, to offer his
mediation towards the settlement of the affairs
of Portugal.
With the letters from Madrid, there has been
received a Carlist paper, called the Madrid
Gazette, printed in the capital. The police
must have been very negligent, or the conductors
of this journal very bold, to print a paper tie;
voted to Don CARLOS under the very nose 0
the QUEEN REGENT.

We have received Frankfort Papers to the
17th inst. Their contents are not important•
VIENNA, Nov. 12.—Five per Cent. Metalliques, 93
7-16 ; Four per Cent. 87 i; Bank Shares, 1,20
Allyemeine Zeitung, Nov. 17.

By the arrival of a steam packet at Falmouth'
we have received accounts from Lisbon to the 1
17th inst. On the 15th the Miguelites con' , -1
tinned at Santarem, and it seems that the inter
tion of bombarding the city was abandoned'. ,
hopes being entertained that the rebel girl
would be starved into a surrender, or at /east
another flight. Some corn mills, from which
the city drew its supply of flour, had been
attacked, and, after a vigorous defence, carried
by the Constitutionalists. The Miguelites will
sustain considerable inconvenience from this
proceeding, but we are informed that, with
the exception of flour, they are abundantly
supplied with provisions.
Private but authentic accounts from Lisbon
state, that an immense number of persons had
arrived there from St. Übes, which they had
quitted in haste, after the loss of Alcacer do SA
where the Miguelites had committed the most
horrible atrocities, giving no quarter, and intll"
dering women and children in the streets. The
inhabitants of St. Übes, dreading the approach °',
the Miguelites, and the perpetration of simiLle
atrocities, fled in crowds on the first news of the
capture of Alcacer, but the subsequent inaction .-1
of the rebels, and the arrival of reinforcemegts
from Lisbon, had restored confidence.
Don PEDRO is stated to have announced his
intention of modifying his Ministry, but without
calling in the aid of the Duke of PALNIELLA•
It was believed that the brother of the Marquis,
of FUNCHAL, a distinguished Nobleman °I
ultra-liberal politics, who is now in Braeilf
would be invited by the REGENT to proceed t°
Lisbon, and place himself at the head of the
Ministry.

Of all the dinners and meetings which hal
lately taken place to bring the constituency in
their representatives together, that which appelrs
t.
to have terminated most to the satisfaction 0.
all parties is the dinner given to Sir HO Ifira
PARNELL at Dundee. The independent 01 t
enlightened electors of that borough must
feel proud of their choice. Sir HtNit!
PARNELL hardly gave a pledge which he
did not take an opportunity of redeeming in the
course of the session. Had others been equsi
anxious to discharge their duty, the cause of the
people would not so often have been in amino
rity. The ballot would have found 1001
supporters, Mr. TENNYSON'S motion for a rePecis
of the Septennial Act might have triumphed
the Bank might not have obtained the destruci.
tive power it has, and, finally, the question °a
the Corn Laws would not have been shirk
on three successive occasions, twice in the HO:-
of Commons and once in the House of Lora.;
Some of the faults of the past session csone'd
for years be redeemed, but there are many, °I/
these upon important subjects, which °1".
The Bank Charter question cannot be stirred'
the slavery question is settled, but the ballot,
a more equal distribution of taxes, an offoill
publication of the votes of Members, .and 111.
repeal of the Corn Laws, are all questi°.°,
which may be agitated in the next and ensulrT,
sessions, if not with success, certainly with beoeo
It will behove Members who have not so gots,-
an account to render of their first session in
reformed Parliament as Sir HENRY PARNS.iisfe
to take care that their future votes on t:l,es
o
points be more consistent with the 's
of their constituents than they have bathe
Lord BROUGHAM, when a Member 0' ifit
Lower House-, finely described the anxious eits
to please which distinguished Parliament 0.6 0.01
hour of dissolution drew near, its constitutf far
promises, its earnest expressions of regal' ov
the welfare of the people, its deathbed rePfetite
ance, as it were, at the apprehension 0 it,
judgment that would be pronounced urlirc
If all this was felt by a boroughmongeriog.
liament, half of whose Members were
not
pendent of popular election, what may vve
of
expect from a Parliament every Menbefr
which will have to render an account free.
stewardship to a constituency more or less, ipeo
All we would warn Honourable Gen 0
of is, that fine promises will not 110dr
so far as they used to do. There must herieg
formance. The existence of boroughmongllo°
was a kind of Bank Restriction Act, .0-04
Members to issue as many promises 09,0, a
pleased, without being under the necess.ll to
honouring them. The Reform Act 15 r°-
P 11
operate like a return to cash payments, 01
e
mising reform Members will find that thti fsga
not only have to take up their presents Val gollt
issues. The public now want gold, all (1 01
they will have. All, therefore; who 3er,
ready to make prompt payment must be Pr '
to make room for those who will.
