IVORSHIP-SIWEET.

Thomas Price, a journeyman dyer, aged 56,
and living,, in Wilk-street, Spitalfields, was placed 'at the
bar, before BROUGHTON, on a charge of throwing
vitriol over a Or: named Sarah Bullock, now in the Lon-
don Hospital,infferli2.g severely froth the injuries she has
sustained.
Mr. BROUGHTON inforwoci the erapriso that Le would
be committed for trial, but at :gresent d him for

a week.

WINNER OF THE DERBY,—A portrait by Mr.
Her;in(g,, with the pedigree of Lord Jersey's Bay Middleton,
will appear in Bell's Life in London arid Sin;rting Clironi&e
of .-'.:tinday next, May 29. The price is SeYer,:woce. Pub-
lished at No. 170, Strand. where may be had Betil's Life in
London of May 15, which 'contained the engrariog of the
Thames view of the new House of Commons, and the i7glit be-
tween Swift and Lane.
On the 9th July, 1297, the Scottish barons; aoso-
cia'led at that time with the famous Wallace, suhmi'ted at Ir-
vine to King Edward J. of chains and slavery " memorv,
and contritely7cknoviedged thgt they hail "frit arsons, lio-
iiic!iffg, el div,..rs roberirr," a2aino: their Lord Edward, and
the ram of his JOninions. Wallace himself, however, was
not present when the mibmission wits rKociated, fa at the
I.,)umn.sof the instytuneut v%fis written these Esc:
rit
ire Willaume," meaning, no doubt, that they ;lad made terms
for themselves and their party,,of winch they 11;;Sl written to
him. The only baron who continued to 'adhere lo
immediately after, was Sir Andrew Moray of Bothwell.
hear:, Bisbop of Gia-,ivw, negociated the submis6inn.
consequence of thin afftir, however, the Si-ottish army, under
-Widlace, increased in force ; but still the English Governor,
Wdrenue, thought the hero inig;:t be induced to accept terms.
and sent two friars to negotiate, 4.0" Return to your masters."
said Wellace, "And tell them We itrc3
set Scotland free. Let them advance ;
uot hear to treat, but to
Galt. we send defiance."—
MR. WILLIB'S NEW WWII:, " OF
A nvENTunE."—ln this interesting production Zr, Willis ex-
hibits his knowledge of effect in some descriptions thc
scenery, drawn with those occasional gl:mpses of a Poe: oP°l'vekr
American
of il:u4ration which be so eminently possesses. The n; elk
abounds in personal descriptions and auventures. He
ng beiis er..-
tromely successful in subjects which arc suscepti ive
ble of
treated in a picturesque manner : it is here that he ghere U.Ss a
s a
vivid transcript otthe impressions of the moment. T
spirit and ease in his narratives which are extremely LAterest-
; the liveliness.of his style carries the reader forward, and
keeps up his attention to the end. His curiosity and love of
eeterprice are llebOtieded. He eillieS even the roving Fakeers
b=-causo they see the wand. \Ve are not surprised to find that
the work is bccoming extremely popular.
it was somewhat curious to obser,T that the Labours
of the Lee, which at this particular season of the year are truly
wonderful, were ehtirely suspended durinq the time of the
stl:':s o
''gereca'sioe
itc:id s
L"blsvcallTatl; a striking proof that the darkwass
Isensibly felt by this industrious little insee:.
'ie
S•nne attention was excited a few (lays ono b
conveyance of a quantity of kitchen vessels to the ''Prefee ttture
of Police, but the cause was n unexpla • d
that while the inmates of a lodging house t now turns
the
Rutepnaspoinu!
court th woe on Sunday view f,- in e eclipse some malignant per-
son contrived to ;
poison the soup, and six or eight suffered se-
verely, though their lives were saved by the excessive quanti y
of the deleterious matter,
which provoked immediate vomiting.
Active soarch
has been made for the perpetrator of this het-
rms act, lint withotit discovery.
