ABOLITION

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Stn,—We have read in your Journal of the 2d inst. a letter from
Mr. John Childs of Bungay, which contains serious charges, director
by implication, against the Committee of the Church-rate Abolition
Society.

For some time past the proceedings of that Committee have occa.
sionally been the subject of animadversion by anonymous correspon.
dents. Those attacks were treated with neglect simply because they
were anonymous j and it was thought advisahlt to defer any vindi-
cation of the proceedings of the Committee until they were Impugned
by a tangible assailant. Mr. Childs has now put forth his charges
and insinuations under the sanction of his name. _ _

The charges made by Mr. Childs relate to the general conduct of
the Committee in the performance of the duties with which they
were entrusted—his insinuations refer to the finances of the Society.
As we reply to Mr. Childs' ►etter in the character of Auditors of
the accounts, :we shall abstain from any lengthened vindication a
the general policy of the Committee ; of that, the country at large are
competent to form a judgment from observation of the course they
have pursued, and of its results. But there are ope or' two points
upon this subject in Mr. Childs' letter to which we will briefly advert.
Mr. Childs is in error when he states that the Committee " pro.
in,ulgated" the following paragraph, " that the Church-rate Abolition
Society had had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
which was satisfactory." The Committee did not "promulgate"
any paragraph of the kind. Mr. Childs probably refers to an article
which appeared in a London Newspaper, a part only of which he has
thought proper to extract. That article described the assurances
given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer as " satisfactory so far as
they go " and the drift of it was to urge the opponents of Church-
rates to vigorous resistance to the imposition, and the continu.
anco of the burden. We suppose the Committee will not accept
Mr. Childs' challenge, when he asks " what was stated to the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, and what did he say ?" They have
published the substance of the conversation that passed ; and
we believe they arc not prepared to violate those rules of de-
corum by which all preceding Deputations to Government from bodies
of all kinds have considered themselves bound.

Mr. Childs severely censures the Committee for their acquiesence
in the proposition for the appointment of a Select Committee of the
House of Commons to inquire into the system of managing Church
Property. But we do not remember that he objected to their ac-
quiescence " at the time it was given ;" land as Mr. Childs, so recently
as last May, attended the public meeting of the Society, and sc.
conded one of the resolutions proposed at that meeting, without, in
any way, intimating his dissatisfaction with any of the proceedings
of the Committee, we incline to hope that he may, upon reflection,
be induced to abandon his newly formed opinion.

Mr. Childs complains of the inertness of the Committee, in
which complaint he betrays entire ignorance of the operations of
that Committee. It will be their duty at the next public meeting of
the Society to submit a statement of their proceedings since the last
meeting, but until then we think it probable the Committee will
prefer that Mr. Childs' lack of information should continue rather
than that the cause they arc endeavouring to advance should be in.
jured by a premature publication of their operations.

The insinuations of Mr. Childs refer to the finances of the So.
ciety. We are justified by the language that gentleman employs
in giving this designation to his statements and inquiries. No one
could read his letter without receiving the painful impression that
it was designed to raise a doubt, at the least, respecting
the honest appropriation of the money with which the Committee
have been entrusted. Surely, as Mr. Childs is himself a
member of the Society, whose Committee he arraigns, It would have
been more Christianlike, and snore just, if he had sought from that
Committee the satisfaction he required, before he availed himself of
the Press for the dissemination of his suspicions. Besides, Mr.
Childs was present at the meeting in May last, when it was stated
in the Report then read, " that a detailed statement of the receipts
and expenditure of the Society, might be seen at the Society's office,
by any subscriber." Mr. Childs saw this in print afterwards, and
he might have seen it in your paper, and in many other papers, three
several times, appended to resolutions passed by the Committee. He
did not choose to avail himself of the opportunity of investigation
that was afforded, but has preferred to throw out unworthy, un-
founded, and injurious suspicions.
Mr. Childs knows, as well as any other man, who has been con-
nected with societies similar to the Church-rate Abolition Society,
that the publication of what he teems a detailed statement of the re.
ccipts and expenditure of the Church-rate Abolition Society, during
the continuance of the struggle, would, on many accounts, be hurtful
to the cause. Of this fact he cannot be ignorant ; and yet he calls
for such a publication, and endeavours to induce others to join him
in the demand.

Sir, we have examined the accounts of the Society, and we express
our entire satisfaction with them, and our deep regret at the course
Sir. Childs has thought proper to pursue.
The total amount received from 13th September,
1836, to Ist January, 1839 £1,355 13 2
The total amount paid during the same period 1,348 9 4*

Leaving a balance in the Treasurer's hands on
Ist January, 1839,
We believe that all persons who ere acquainted with the expensq

' Of This sum, n,_
salaries of any description.

THE IMPORTANT DUTIES COI_
PREHENDED UNDER THE TITLE JOURNAL

I. aol
fl y
dailyadopted publication; newspapers,'
a
(From the Carlisle Journal.)
Tut FAITHFUL JOURNAL THR TRUE PATRIOT.
COM-
Vapor::
snore
enlightened view of the nature and design ofisuch periodica Is, justifies,
was T hoctrigdiesnailleyatcioonntiJnoedureteol,
as in the arts and sciences, the extension oftbe name tocvery periodical
which records ally occurrences and enterprises wherein the mass,
of any considerable sections of society, are concerned. At times
like the present, when human ingenuityand benevolence are active in
devising feasible objects for bettering the•condition of mankind, it is
more particularly incumbent on such a',Journalist, as we regard
thliPosc:
ourselves,—Journalists in reality as;well as in name, to turn °cc,
sionally from the political contests in which we may be engaged,
to point out to our countrymen, of all ranks and all parties,
every system that, contemplating' general amelioration, founds its
calculation upon a sound and stable base. To any teas of
mon sense, who will also exercise discreet observation, it must
be obvious that, as the wealth of a nation, as well as its mere sub-
sistence, generally depends on production and the proper ma_
nagement and exchange of produce, over and above' what is at,.
Wally consumed for support and comfort ; so whoever would
lay up a store (that is provide wealth) against -`unforeseen or
future exigence, when he may become incapable—from temporary
or permanent causes—of producing syfficient for his own supporr
and those dependent on him, must, in the.season of his strength or
prosperity, cultivate to the utmost and husband all his spare re-
sources. To enable him to do this, without diverting him from the
work of producing, ho must have factors of those resources, who
most receive a fair proportion of the benefits secured by their skil-
ful management, unles s they should suffer their own interests to
fall into decay, and thereby become, instead of useful, burden.
some to society. Principles such as these it becomes the conduc-
tors of Journals deserving the appellation, to entertain and promul-
gate, as far as in their power, calling the attention of enlightened
and influential men of all parties to them, and urging them to co-

operate in promoting every rational plan for putting them in action.
The Journalist who so performs his part, whatever may be 'his po.
litical predilections, goes far to prove himself an 'enlightened'and
honest man; whilst enlightened and honest men of:all parties wilt
not fall to respond to his call in this respect. 'a man, whether
writer or reader, deserves to be regarded, and in the end v.. 111 be ac..

knowledged to have been, a true patriot._
It was reflections of thclforegoing "cast which led us, in our •
last Number, to notice the plans of Society that, we Conceive, has
carried out to an.unpreeedented extent the principles we advocate.
The benefits con ferredaby Life Assurance Companies on thousands be-
longing to the higher classes, have been fully acknowiedgeft_in their
cncreasing popularity and. multiplication, since the first introduction
of the prinoipie into England by the Lombards. Yet, to comparatively
few of the community at large have these benefits been available,
owing (as'we then showed) to a restriction in the constitutions of
those Societies which forbad any prudent man, not possaused of :t
certain regular incur the risk of losing all that he might
have paid for years from casual inability to effect one subsequent dis..
bursement. Hence the great bulk of society, depending on precarious
resources for their very subsistence, were net in a condition to avail
themselves of the plan, although the amount of; cultivable means
',assessed by the parties thus excluded, infinitely aurpasses the agare-
gate meats of the individually wealthier portions of the community.
The capabilities of the humbler classes have, moreover, this advan-
tage, that being primarily productive, their tendency to in-
crease is augmented in proportion as they arc fostered
and secured by judicious methods of development and ap-
plication ; while they attach to themselves, under, such bene-
ficent management, all the benefits resulting to the higher
grades from the use of the Assurance principle. With this view
of the subject, it, is therefore truly surprising that speculators rti so
promising a field of enterprise did not soonereomprehend the vast
range of capabilities which lay open before them, but left to a So_
tiety, sprung up in 1838, to have at once the felicity and merit of
devising a general plan for working out the principle, no longer:
among thousands, but millions of ,their fellow-subjects.
Our readers are aware we have been speaking of the " National
Loan Fund Life Assurance Society," the prospectuses•oe welch vie
had carefully examined, 'before we invited, in our .Thurnailasa weak.,
attention to the subject of them. An agent from the Parent
Board, in London, after forming influential. Local• Beards in other
places, is now • occupied with that ..care for Carlisle and tae sur-
rounding district. Knowing that this gentleman has circulated
those publications very extensively in the neighbourhood, we
preferto exhort our readers to peruse them carefully, rather than at-
tempt, at present, any imperfect illustration of our own, of,the, ad-
mirable adaptation of the system to the various conditions, a ants,
argil capabilities ortlie•population., For this reason we adverted, era
the former occasion, to the table at page six of the Prospectus on
Endowments, as illustrativemf one .of theaSeelety's . operations, by
which. the poorest industrious man may laraeli end yermanentay
benefit himself and his family.
classes (we mean the
For the natural protectors of the working
great manufacturing employers and larscled proprietors) who should
understand mad regard their common interest with the people eta
every measure that tends to facilitate the latter's meau4of producing
and saving, we need but recommend to them the atteiativeaterusai
of the 'publications aforesaid. And if any thing moresbe wanting
to insure their approbation and protection of the cause in Carlisle,
where (be it well "marked and considerately digested") there isa'as
yet, no head office ofany Assurance Company, en.aceoutt of,tha great
lack of intelligence in these parts on the suaaect—if anything snore,
we say, be wanting to'stimulate the parties to whom we, have austfal-
luded,to•corne forward at once for the eatabliehment of ti Carlisle
Lraisch of this excellent Society, we think that ...something
more may be readily • apprehended by those persons who
understand the efficacy of hopeful motives in deterniining
people to such an habitual application of their ■ abilitaes
and means, as necessarily associates public tranquillity with!
their meet natural 4elf.interested endeavours. Meanwhile, •we
should boa very partially intimate the claims of the Society to their
approbation and protection, did we omit to notice that equliable re-
muneration is provided in the plan of Local Boards for all wile are
officially connected 'with their operations.
To the Directors of our Sayings' Bank, we would now addrese
ourselves :—You, whoseierviceia gratuitously rendered for the,,sake
of industrious thrifters,cannot but desire additional stimulus to be
given to habits of economy. Therefore, when once you become ac,
qualnied with the active machinery employed by this Association
for that purpose, you will promptly hail its; introduction into Ibis
part of the country. The necessary connections which the Saciute
has, by interest and its 'nodes operandi, with the practice of (tere.
siting in our great National Institutions for -sSe industrious.-and
saving poor, will soon convince you; by tile increase of

.po2its w

. .
you, how much the " National Loan Fund Life Assurance Society"
contributes to souse attention to the direct benetUs conferred by
Savings' Banks, whilst it aids them in carrying out the principle of
economy and fructification to the fullest practicable:extent, in favour
of these classes.—Wo doubt not, therefore, that' So. soon as the us.
tem is thoroughly understood, the Directors, of the Carlisle 'Say joie
Bank will follow the,eiample of such Directors 'elsewhere, in .dv,
eating and cooperating in the formation of a Local Board fur Car.
Isle, of the Society above tAntioned.
•

ILLUSTRATIONS OF SLAVERY

IN THE UNITED STATES

(From the Ohio Stat,-swan.)

" A resolution, proposed by Mr. Bcatt3/of this county;
has passed the senate of Kentucky, providing for the ail_
pointment of two Commissioners by joint ballot of thc
Legislature, to proceed to Columbus, Ohio and urge
upon the Legislature of that State, the propriety of 'adopt_
ing some law to restrain its citizen; from inteVering
the relations of master and slave in the State of Ken_
tucky. The resolution refers to an ob,ject of 'vast import-
ance to the cirizens of Kentucky, and we trust no obstacle
will ba thrown in the way of its adoption by the L wer
House. The present is a most appropriate time faT our
Legislature to take a stand upon the subject,—.The 4ve_
lopements in the case of Mahan, have .shown conclusively,
' that the interference of the abolitionists of Ohio, with till.
slaves of this State is carritd to an alarming extent, and
lest they should become emboldened by his acquittal, the
State of Ohio owe! it to Kentucky to adopt some speedy
restrictive measures. We have no doubt her sense of jus-
tice will prompt liar to grant all that in reason our Legi3-
lature can ask." _

Mr. Mahan alluded to in the above paragraph was no
other than a pious clergyman, whose crime consisted iu
occasionally preaching against the evils of slavery. wa
copy from the Philanthropist, as illustrative of the horrors
of that execrable sx,stem, the mode of his punishment :

ILLUSTRATION I.
°' An old resident of Ohio, a useful citizen, abo forcedfor
e
minister of the Gospel, on false pretences, isfaithfuld
within the jurisdiction of Kentucky, and arraigned
one of her tribunals for acts done in his own State. He
is put in irons, deprived of his liberty for months, and at
last acquitted, because the Court finds mit that the laws
of Kentucky are really binding only on her own eqf..
tens 1 Meantime, Counsel has been procured, and
this infamous prosecution costs him and his friends
twelve hundred dollars. But when acquitted, is he sent
home? No a civil suit 1a entered, he is arrested
and can only return home by giving bail. Counsel must
still be retained ;he must again appear before Court
that has no right to try the case ; and the likelihood is
that, on the testimony of a witness, who proved himself on'
the criminal prosecution utterly unworthy of credit, be
will be amerced in severe damages. flow many of our
editors have noticed this case with the reprobation I%
merits? Not so maw as have published the foolish story
about abolitionists concerting with slaves in Kentucky ways
and means for their escape. In the name of Heavens, is
this abominable system of slavery for ever to overturn Ali
our notions of truth and justice ? Better, far better were
it, that all the slaves in Kentucky should escape to..
n com..
_Mahan,
have bee
morrow, than that such a flagrant invasion of state-sove_
reignty and the rights of a freeman should What
mitted, as was committed in the case of
more shall we say ?"

ILLVITTRATION IT.
" Eliza Jane Johnson, a little better than year age, was
kidnapped from this State by citizens of Kentucky, nod
e
claimed also slave. Her case vs tried before the Court
for Mason county, but the claimant failed to establish his
claim. What did our sister State now do ? Ono of belt
citizens had stolen a free womal of Ohio, had committed
felony under our laws, and failed after all in prelim-, bb her
to be his slave. Was the woman compensated
wrong done her? No! she was thrown into jail, tied
sem,
tented there to remain for six months; and if during
that time, no claimant appeared, the order was, that ah-,,
should be sold ! We all know the result of the ease, chi;
legislature acted with spirit in matter, the Governor w 45
directed to demand her delivery, the woman was given ~
—but no satisfaction was eve' made to her for the damage,
she had suffered !"
