INQUEST-EXTRAORDINARY VERDICT.

We- have heard of a Yorkshire Jury who, ill
the case of a man.standing indicted for stealing a pair ofleathern
breeches, and being unwilling, from the peculiar circumstan-
ces of The case, to Subject him to the pehalty of the law, return-
ed theincongruous verdict of Manslaughter 1 But we did not
expect ever to have cognizance of an ex-
tremeabsurdity almost as ex-
treme within the precincts of our circulation. Such, however, la
the fact; and 'the following are the particulars :—An Inquest Was
held last .weeic at f;lat.worthy, hear Wiveliscoinbe, on. the'bodY
of Wm. Rifiler, aged 22. The deceased was a labourer in
Taunton, and lodged in the house of Samuel Dimirnett, a railer
at Wilton, near this town. The deceasOd proving' troublesome
inmates, and being considerably in arrear for his lodginga,twas
requeSted to quit,. and a few days before his departure It was
discoverell that he had the small-pox. Durnmett, his landlo,
had -iliac disordet', and having a child in the
house, and-his wife ill daily expectation of being put to bedJa*
eventAbicli,has since happened), became naturally apprehensive
farhisofivii safety,•and mildly but anxiously urged ins guest.to
leaN;e him. The deceased consented accordingly, and WI thotif ay-
infthingto-Dummett'i family, rose on Fridaymerhihg the
.9th:instant; went whits einpleyets, from whom: he received err.,
itihradjousnaci-te several pnblie'houses in Taunton, where he
,drank "brandy •and water, beer, and' other equally .intp,roper
beverages for a men iri 'his' state of incipient disease, then
proceeded:to his faciser's:honse at Cletwartliy,•4,4 -Me.Sstatieeof
-
fifteen miles, antharrfved-- there at ten' Alklock the same t,
having walked- the whole distance, and expended nearly all hi 4
money in drink on the read, ,lle remained ut,,,,a lotlgkng, which
his father.proeuie4.for hint; 'heel that time until Tbtar.s4ol,:is-
izigilieSevenilid4afeer his arrival, and then tied via con-
fluant rpaidllpx. The Coroner's .Itiry
suit e.tha(t3he.,44th of the deceased was oceasioncd.by hiahriv.ng
inarniti-ilv tin:nett Oat of hislodging„returned verdt"cs.._
That ,theie 'aid
,not • aPpeat 'to the_ rn :any Mabee hici•bec
prave4 sexiest Dm uinett,- but that he was guilty 4r, 7.044„..
Counnitked accordingly under "the l,'9_
• ifener s warrant to Wilton gaol, to take his
Assfee.s! • • • •
by Dumrßett Lis wife towards the deceased, and, the thiciaa-
s
ter of Dimunett being that 9 an industrious ineiffensiyo; nab.
oiaJtatnalle6sreSillacvcarry„.wcati'to4wil-glohdtget7iinns4Dltuonaiturimetktic,s4bnaus.eise,ao,bitiit.etest
his case has
excited Vat), general:ebuiriliaseiatigip.
respectable persons of this town have voTtinteetea theh setrxes
$l-.1 his behalf, and have Oftereftbail to in - arniniit ; but as-tke
;fiaeilacuei;icihjialrhgecds.uismninotcbra..6t.ils'ahsilzee,B,thieptetti
0114.1,Otiwikril. tl.,,stii.irrriest4ariiiy tor
State should:think 'fit, from the
.peetiliat,hardsiiii of hi 4 Cate,
to sanction 143...litiera0on under: proper stireties-fei hisVIA-
Inhem Siiraa7l.
mtithtietol appointediisiinetem,‘xutreatr 4rlr t;ituaotri,
to afeor trial
It
;:6
cie

PARIS PAPERS.

tMoniteur of Friday, 23d April. )
NON-OFFICIAL P %RT.

MODENA, MARCH 25.—(Extracted from the
piario di Roma, of the 7th April).—" Francis
iV., by the Grace of God, Duke of Modena,
*c. The profound knowledge which we have
acquired of the origin, the ramifications, and the
tendency of the plots contrived by the sects which
infested our States, and so many others, have
perfectly convinced us

" I. That all these sects are but emanations of the previ-
ously existing sect of the Freemasons, which, judging that
t' she., world was sufficiently imbued with the Anti-Christiao and
Anti-Social poison which it had- so long been instilling into

people's minds,' thought that the. arrant was come when it
. .
;night at length accomplish its. grand project of. overthrowing
r. eall ecclesiastical ~and secular authority, and for this purpose
ei.esolved " to "give 'them various niMes, signs, and emblems dif_..
ri,ferent from those of the affiliated Sects depending on it, which it,
3.,:destitedtb a degree of activity that might endanger its secret;
thaiir one of them failing in its enteepriee, should call down
e the severity of the laws and the indignation -of honeet men,
-it might be struck alone without affecting the principal:erect,
concealed in the most profound darkness, -whereimpos' ture and
crime always take refuge.
" 2. Thht, in fact., in these latter times, the ramifications of
this „Sect—the. Carbonari, the. ildelphi, the Sublime Perfect
Waiters, the Eke:, 4e. having bee:l.-reached by the Sword of
Justice, die Mother Sect of the Treemasonsimmediately broke
stlf all connection with those Societies, and enjoined its affiiliatd
Societies openly to disiPprove them in order to Conceal from
'the world that they belonged to it, and that their tendency and
their actions were but the development of itsprojecee.
" 3. That the Mother Sect however still pursues its plans,
and rencealing them under the cover of laudable intentions,
seereeAy makes proselytes to obtain its wicket' endS, and it
-being- OUT duty to preserve car well-befoved-subjects from such
. snares, :we have resolvid that the extracts of-the instructions
and eittutee or the Sublime Perfect ;Wasters lately discovered
• in Our States shall be printed and pulllished, with a supple-
ment, containing what has been lately published at Milan, on
. the same subject, by which oar well-beloved subjects will -learn
- enreellgreige important to be known:— : . • •
" VTI-ott all these sects are intimately connected, hve one
• -origin, -and a common centre which directs then:, namely, the
.`reemaeone ; that they have been anathematized by Popes,
Clement XII. in Eminenti, 28th April, 1738; Benedict XIV":
Proridn3. 18th May, 17.51 ; and latterly, in the Constitution
- of Pius VII. lEectesiania Jens Chrlyto.
." 2. "That the statutes of this sect bear so evidently the stamp
-of seduction and perfidy, that its infernal views require noother
-proof ; -the bare reading -of- them -being suificient"-to inspire
horror :•to chew that the unfortunate young men who are
eirawninto their snares, having first had their vanity flattered,
are plunged afterwards into remorse, or seeing themselves bur-
ried to- en object which they cannot see, but which their con-
- ecience.warns them cannot be innocent, because it is carefully
involved in darkness ; -yet; bound by frightful oaths and-me-
naces,;they'eannot throw of the chain of a cruel servitude which
renders them absolutely dependent on masters whom they do
not know.
" S. That all Secret Societies of' the samelind are prohibited
by our rescript of 20th September, 1320."
11. R. 11. in conclusion, hopes that his well beloved subjects
will see in these measures a yroof of his soliditude for their
welfare,- which is the sole object of his-care.
NA PL ES, A pntr, -s.—li is reported that the
English- squadron in the Mediterranean will
-.shortly receive farther .reinforcements, and that
• some of the vessels will come and cruise on our
coasts.

[From Me Journal des Debats.l
CONSTANTINOPLE,-NAKCII 1.----(Extraci from
tho Austrian .obserrer.)---On. the 17th of this
wontit,--Kassim Chan, the Persian Ambassador to
- the Sublime Porte since the ratification of the
-treaty of peace, made his entry into the Capital.
'4The Porte has assigned for his residence a palace
-in the quarter of Akserai.
ft is now certain that the Pacha of Egypt has
accepted the command in chief of the expedition
-destined ag.ainst the Greeks
Some few hundred Greeks had formed the
.project of surprising the .fortress of Coron,l
and with. this view they had formed some
-secret connection with the inhabitants, but
-they were betrayed. according to their chiefi,
by the Mainottes,. and were obliged to glve
up their .enterprize. It seems that Colonel
Stanhope has not found it so easy to make him-
self master of the castle of Lepanto as he ex-
vocte'd ; he is therefore gone to Salm, in his
way to Tripolitzi, where he intends to organize
a regular series of military posts in the interior of
the Peninsula.

A very tragical event has happened at Misso-
longhi. The English Philhellenians, who had
sarrived there, had a number of skilful artisans
with them, and Maurocordato wished to-employ
them in making them muskets of diff-rent kinds
in a building which had been prepared for an
arsenal. This was actually done, and a guard
established to prevent the entrance of idle
people. Two Suliots were displeased at this,
and began a quarrel with the guard ; the officer,
who was a German, interposed ; one of the
Suliots firedat him with a pistol, and killed him
on the spot. The artificers, thinking their lives
in dangek, took to their boats, and ten of them
=have already reached Zante:

{Prom the Courier Trati4ctizi
PARIS, APRIL t3.-1t lies at length been re-
-solved to. build another bridge over the Seine,
-between th►e espianade'of the invalids and the
--Champs Elys6es, which is to be a suspensiOn
-iron bridge, to serve 'both for foot passengers and
carriages. •

PATtig, mar. `23.—Five per Cents.opened at 10/f. 8 c.;
closed at 102 f. 90c.; Loan of 1023, 17i ; Bank Stock,lo7oE
Neapolitan Five. per Cents. in Ducats,: 96 ; Rente d'Espagne,
16 ; Royal Spani.4l).Loan
EKchangeon London--One month, 25f. 10c.; three months,
21f. COurs Authentiqut!, April 23./

[FROM TUB FRANKFORT PAPERS.]
SAMOS, APl:rt. I.—A gold mine has been happily aiscover-
•ed in our island, of which, it is true little advantage can be
taken at present amidst- the bustle of military arnta.ment. We,
-however, continue to enjoy undisturbed tranquillity and seat_
rity. Out fate depends err ourselves, that is, on 10 or 12,000
men well-armed and well-distiplined, who arc ready to die for
the liberty of their country. Batteries are erected wherever
there is any occasion for them, and wherever the enemy may
land the main force can be immediately collected. The plan
for the' defence of the island, laid down by able officers, is
good, and in the exe,:ution of it the necessity of conquering
or perishing .will 'supply our want of experience. We have
'had full time to fortify the island by art, where it is naturally
too much expo;:ed to attack. Samos is, in miniature, like the
Tdorea, with its mountains and defiles, and the fruitful valleys
between. A Mountain, which commands= tl!e sea, is accessible
- Only on one-side, and this place is more easy to defend than
Thermrspylte. On the summit of this mountain there is a con-
vent dedicated to the Virgin, to which the women, children,
and aged, will be brought, if the Turks should land.
• ,FnAirnroaT, APRIL 16.—Bfa decree of his Royal High-
ness the Elector of Hesse, of the 10th of this month, the Neckar
.Gazette is prohibited in his dominions.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS*—APr_IL O..—Metalliques, 9431; Bank
.Sliares, 1083. A iqtrr. 10—Netalliques, 90 1-0; Bank Shares,
„4.1)97 • •

WEST INDIES.

(From the Jamaica Papers.)
KINGSTON, FED. 14.

LETTER from Mr. HIBBERT, Agent in London for Ja-
maica, to the COMMITTEE of CORRESPONDENCE.
" I liad lately an interview with Lord Bathurst, in the
course of which it was my endeavour to impress upon his Lord-
ship my conviction of the danger and impropriety of the con-
tinued efforts making-all over the country by the advocates for
the emancipation of the negroes, pressing forward petitions for
expediting that object, and more especially in districts where
the question cannot be understood—such proceedings seemed
to me to merit, on the part of his Majesty's Ministers, some-
thing more marked than disregard ; and I respectfully sug-
gested that they ought to be met in the House of Commons by
a decisive declaration that, if the British public should persist
in demands, by which the lawful property of the Colonists
must be injured, compensation must in the first instance be not
only pledged, but provided. Such a declaration was, indeed,
beiome necessary, since, it would not be difficult for me, to
prove to his Lordship that eases for compensation, upon the
clearest principles of equity, had already occurred, and that our
properties altogether had becomeof little or no avail, whether
for purposes of sale or transfer.
" His Lordship said he could not undertake to say now in
what manner these new petitions might be met in Parliament,-
or what might be the language of Ministers regarding them,
but, in his own opinion, they would not be considered as worthy
of much regard. His Lordship did not seem willing to enter
upon. the discussion of a provision for compensation, nor was
this perhaps the fittest time for my pressing that subject.
" P.S.--I last night received a letter from Mr. Horton, writ-
ten by direction of Lord Bathurst, a copy of which, together
with a copy of what I have just written to his I.ordship in reply,
I now transmit to you, and I have not any observation at this
moment to.malte to you on the subject, excepting, such as you
will: gather frOm my -letter to his -Lordship: 'I ou may rest
assured, that in the couzst of any communications -with his
Lordship, the interests of Jamaica shall not suffer by want of
zeal and exertiOn on my part, be the mode of that conanmui,
cation. what it may."

The consequence of publishing in the Papers of this Island
the confidential personal communications betwt en Lod Path urst
and lie. flibbert has been, that .his' Lordship has decFned allpersonal interviews with him, as will be seen by the following
letters above alluded. to :
COPY of .a lirT TER from R. WfilitoT llonTog, Esq., to
GEO. 11 1.1311 E tT, Esq., dated Downing-street, Jan. 9, 1824.
Si am directed by Lord Bathurst to inform you, that, as
the Committee of Correspondence in Jamaica have thought pro-
per to publish a report of the. communications which took place
in the personal interviews which he had with yi:u, his Lordship
desires that, in future,. his communications with .you may be
confined to written documents, as records of verbal conversa-
tions are naturally liable to incorrectness.
1 am also directed to inform you, that in making this com-
munication, his Lordship does 'not give any (-pinion of the
accuracy or inaccuracy of the report of his conversation with
you in question, which, in point of fact, he has never seen. • .
his Lordship regrets that,lunder these circumstances, the in.
tercourse which has -hitherto subsisted between his Lordship,
and yourself, as Agent for the island of Jamaica, must cease to
be so confidential as the interests of that island seemed hitherto
to require.
I have the honour to remain, your obedient hunible Servant,
(Signed) R. WIL3IOT HORTON.
COPY of Mr. GEORGE flinitEnT's LETTER, in reply to the
Right Hon. the Earl BAT fluitsT, dated Miter-court,
Jan. 10, 11324.
ZiY Loan,--I received last night the letter of Mr. Horton,
dated the 9th instant, written by diretions from your Lordship,
which informs me, " that as the Committee of CorrespndenCe
ia.Jamaica have thought proper to publish a report of the com-
munications which took place in the personal iutervEws which
your Lordship's desire that, in future, such commu&cations
May be confined to written documents," for reasons which your
Lordship go2s on to state.

I shall, by the mail of this day, transmit a copy of Mr. Hor-
ton's letter to the Committee of Correspondence ; and your
Lordship will, I trust, receive through me such explanations
as they may offer on the subject. _

Meantime I venture to assure your Lordship that the publi-
cation of any part of the letters of their Agent, which relate to
personal conferences with your Lordship, or any of his Majesty's
Alinisters, has in no instance been authorized, much less di-
rected, by the Committee of Correspondence; although it has
recently once or twice happened by means of the access which
each individual of the Committee must have to the letters of
the Agent, whether the assembly be or be not sitting.
Your Lordship's commands, that in future your coutmunica-
tions with me may be confined to written documents only, I
receive with regret, not only from the loss I must tl-ereby r
of the facilities which your Lordship has ofteo so kindly
afforded me for the discharge of my important duties, but from
the additional trouble which 1 foresee I must be compelled to
give your Lordship, in the course of performing those indispen-
sable duties in future.

These considerations, however, are merely personal ; and as
to what regard the interests of Jamaica, a colony in all respects
so instrumental to the wellfare of Great Britain, I do not in..
dulge an apprehenion that they will be permitted. to suffer
through the want of any necessary or useful means of commu-
nication betwixt his Majesty's Secretary of State for. the Co..
lonia! Department and the agent for that island. •
I have the honour to be, very respectfully, my Lord, your
Lordship's obliged and faithful servant,
(Signed) GEORGE II I BBER T.

LETTER from MR. 11 US K ISSO N to Mn.G LA DS TO NE.
(COPY.) " Eastliani, Nov. 23, 1823.
" Ma near Stit—l now return you the letters from your
principal attorney at Demerara, which you have been so kind
as to send for my perusal and information. lam very sorry
that the forebodings of those who deprecated in vain the agita-
tion of the Slave question by the House of Commons, have been
so soon realized ; and that this alarming insurrection in Deme-
rara, and not any of the improvements which were anticipated
by the promoters of that discussion, is the first practical
issue of it. lam sure I need not tell you (though I. believe
we have not the credit of it with many of the West Indians)
that the Government did every thing in its power to prevent
Buxton's motion altogether, and that 11Ir. Canning in particu,
lar exerted all his personal influence with Mr. Wilberforce and
others for that purpose. I perfectly agree with you, that in a
:rnter of this portentous difficulty, it is only by gradual amelio-
ration—by moral and religious improvement—by humanity
and kindness—by- imperceptibly creating better domestic
habits and feelings among the slaves—by countenancing and '
encouraging are that can have that tendency in the conduct of
the 'owners and white people—by repressing with the strong
arm of the.law, and stigmatising with the moral power of oppro-
brium and disgrace, wnatever leads to an opposite result—that
we have a chance of ultimately and even then remotely, provid-
ing for the termination of so great an evil, moral and political, as
the existence of a large population in a state of chattel possession
and personal slavery. In principle, this is the end which every
good
,man ought to wish for, perhaps to look to, but it is au
end, which, so far from publishing or proelahning, at the out-
set, he ought almost to conceal even front himself. It is the
fault, and a heavy one it is, of Wilberforce and his associates,
that by agitating the question, and proclaiming their object,
they have rendered the application of the means hoth hazardous
and more difficult, instead of feeling that every step towards
their own ultimate object was in itself so cinch of real and
substantial improvement, that it ought to have been enough
to have satisfied their feelings for the present, whilstit would
leave them. this assurance for the future, that, in doing an
immediate good, they had made a safe step in advance towards
the attainment of their kind wishes. I hope, rather than expect,
that what has. happened at Demerara, may teach this party
more discretion, and that we shall not witness a repetition of
those inconsiderate petitions and provocations to. debate the
question of emancipation, which formed a part of their tactics
in the last session. On the other hand, I trust that, whilst the
Government provides adequate means of increasing the internal
security of the Colonies, they will not, from temper, or mis-
taken confidence that the danger is at an end, lose sight of
those measures of emprovement which are within their power.
Among those measures must be a greater encouragement and
provision for Ministers of the Established Church, either of
England or of Scotland. I think the example of Smith, of
whom it is difficult to presume lie was altogether inno-
' cent of the late conspiracy, proves
.that the Colonies and
the Government must look for the religious instruction of
.the Negroes to men, whose situation and tenure will afford
better security that they will not overstep the views and inten-
tions of their employers, than car. be found in the voluntary
zeal, even if always honest and sincere, of the Missionaries, for
the interests of religion. lam sorry that the vicinity of Smith
to your estate, and his connection with some of your slaves,
has involved you in some loss of property; but, looking to the
immense stake you have in this colony, you may console your-
self, if the result of this formidable conspiracy should be, that
its premature explosion affords the chance of a bettor insurance
against the repetition of a similar danger.

•
• " I remain, &c. fcc. &c. •
(Signed) " W. EILISZISSON.
" Jahn Gladstone, Esq., Liverpool."

TRIAL AND EXECUTION OF REBEL NEGROES

IN JAMAICA.
KINGSTON', FEn."l4.
Extract of a letter from Buff Bay, dated the 10th instant :
Henry _Oliver was executed pursuant to the second warpgit on

Wednesday last; he died without making any confession, but
earnestly implored forgiveness from his Maker and Jesus.—
George was executed on Friday ; he also refused to make any
confession, and on the platform he held up his head, and de-
sired all to look on his countenance, and say, whether he ap-
peared to be a bad Negro. Of the four. condemned to death by
the last Slave Conn, the Sentence of three has been commuted
to transportation. Samedi and George Taylor, who were sen-
tenced by the same Court to transportation, have been pardAed
by his Grace the Governor.

Accounts from Demerara, dated the 16th of January, state
the arrival:of =the 27th,. -or Enniskillen regiment, about 500
strong. Martial 'law was still continued, the red flag was flying,
and the militia were kept under arms. The negroes found
guilty of being concerned in the rebellion were sentenced to
different punisliments=from one thousand to two hundred
lashes, wnich were all inflicted. Qobino and Sammy, who re-
ceived one thousand lashes each, were further sentenced to be
worked in chains—the former for life, the latter for seven years.

EXPRESS FRO3I PARIS.

We received this forenoon the Etoile of yes,
terday, from which we extract the following
articles

[From the Moils of Sunday the 25th April.]

The King of Spain has sent to General Don-
nadieu as a mark of his esteem, the Cordon of
the Royal Order of Charles

Lieutenant-General Guillemenot, who is go-
ing to embark at Toulon for Constantinople,
svill take with him three Aids-de-Camp ; also a
beautiful choice of Sevres rases for the Grand
Seignor.
Several Journals have spoken of an interview
between the Emperors Alexander, Austria, and
the King of Prussia at Prague. This interview
will be concerning the affairs of the East, and
the spirit of which will be opposite to that of
other Cabinets.

Our correspondence informs us that there is
not the least fear of the Sovereigns being divided,
as they all agree in perfect harmony, at the pre-
sent moment, for a peace, and reconciliation in
the East.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
SITTINGS OF THE 24TH APRIL.

The discussion which was to occupy this Sitting drew a great
number of the curious : the whole of the Public Tribune was
filled before twelve o'clock ; that of the Peers was occupied by
more than forty Members of that Chamber. Lally Tolehdal
arrived a few minutes after the opening of the. Sitting, and could
scarce obtain a seat.

• After the reports, they occupied themselves with the discus-
sion of the Law on the Rentes.

M. de Labourdonnay inscribed against the project,
which occupied a great part of the Sitting ; the Minister of
Finance was at the tribune.—The Sitting not finished.

M. de Lastours is named President of the Commission cf
the Bridges, and Bourienne as Secretary.

In a preceding column we have given extracts
from the Foreign Journals. The intelligence
from Constantinople is rather unfavourable for
the Greeks ; but fortunately very little reliance
can be placed on the accuracy of news from that
quarter, particularly when it reaches us through
such a channel as the Austrian Observer, a Paper
that has uniformly been distinguished for its in-
veterate hostility to the Greeks, and its base
subserviency to their barbarous oppressors.—
The Duke of MODENA has issued a fulminating
Decree against Secret Societies, the origin of all
of which he ascribes to the " Mother Sect, Free-
masonry." Whatever may be the political views
of some of the Secret Societies which have given
so much uneasiness to the Continental Sovereigns,
it is a calumny on Freemasonry to assert that its
spirit is otherwise characterised than by benevo-
lence, or its conduct and proceedings governed
by any other than the principles of good order,
and of due respect and submission to all re-
gularly and legally constituted authorities —lt
is a curious circumstance, that in the very Decree
in which the Duke of MODENA anathematizes
Freemasonry, he states that the Masonic Body,
immediately on the other Secret Societies becom-
ing obnoxious to the laws, broke off all connec-
tion with those Socities, and enijoined its different
Lodges openly to disapprove of them ! This act,/

ought to have been received as a convincing proof
of the pacific views of the Freemasons ; and it
was certainly calculated to throw more discredit
on the other Societies than the angry Decrees of

jealous and offended despOtic Governments, and
yet this very manifestation of its sincere obe-
dience to the laws is converted by the Duke of
MODENA into a fresh ground of charge against
the Masonic Institution.

CITY, Twelve o'Clock.—Consols opened this
morning at 961 afterwards got up to OH,
with little or no business doing up to this hour.
Two Expresses arrived from Paris, bringing the
Itentes at 102 f. 60c. for Money, and for Time,
102. 90. Spanish 16. Ducats• 96.

FOREIGN MARKET.--Little or no business
doing this morning in the above Market.

American Papers to the 2d of April arrived

this morning.

( From the New York Gazette of the let of April.)
BRAZILIAN MINISTER.--IR the brig Morris,
arrived at Baltimore from Rio Janeiro, came Mr. J. Silve.tre
Rebetto, Minister to the United States, from the Government.
of Brazils..

LATE not COLOMBIA.—By the arrival of the br: g Fanny
in fourteen days from Laguira,• we have received a file cf.
Carraca Papers to the 14th March; from these, and advices from
Baltimore, the following intelligence is collected

Letters from, Bogota of the ith Jan. announce that the most
satisfactory "arrangements are devising by the Executive of Co-
lombia, respecting Mr. Zea's Loan, and that .31r. Ilurtado
carries with him to England instructions to recognize it fully and
unequivocally in satisfying himself as to the regularity of the
contractors account. '1 he Court was quiet; and since the cap-
ture of Porto Cavello, merchants feel themselves more 'secure in.
their persons and property. General Rodriguez Torro tilled
the office of Intendant of Yenezeula. General Soublette was
in Cnraccas, and continued-to have the direction of the war in
the department of Zulia. General Paez was in the Apune,
and was not expected back till next May.
FROM JAMAICA.—We have received by the schooner Allen.
Kingston Papers to the Ilth inst. ; very violent gales have been
experienced in the Island, attended with heavy rain, which it
was expected would injure the Island crops.

Our present Paper contains a Correspondence
between the Colonial Office and Mr. GEoROt•
.HIBBERT, the Agent for the Island of Jamaica,
from whiCh it appears that Lord BATHURST ha;
thought it necessary to discontinue admitting r.
HIBBERT to personal conferences on tlhe affairs of
the Island, in consequence of Mr. HIBBERT'S Con-
fidential reports of the Conversations having been
imprudently and surreptitiously published in the •
Jamaica Papers. Subjoined to these documents
is a letter from Mr. HUSKISSON to .Mr. GLAD-
'STONE, on the state of the West India Colonies, ,
and expressive of the sentiments and feelings
of, the Right Honourable Gentleman and his Col-
leagues on the question of Negro Emancipation.
This letter has evidently been published, like the
minutes transmitted to Jamaica by Mr. IlinaE7T,
in breach of confidence, or in' consequence of st
copy of it having been, by some nouns or other,
improperly obtained ; and it cannot but be pain-
fttl. to Mr. BusnissoN that the private and
confidential expression alas sentiments, written
in a manner in which he could never have
intended them to reach the public eye, has
thus been communicated to the Public.—
Mr. WILBERFORCE and his friends will also, of
course, feel somewhat sore at the uncere-
monious though just and necessary terms of cen-..
sure in which Mr. Ifusx.rssoN speaks of theirl
rash and intemperate proceedings. But though:.
we reprobate the unfair means which must have
been resorted to in order to lay Mr. HusKissoN's
letter before the Public, we cannot but .rejoice'
at the beneficial consequences which must
flow from its
.publication ; for at the Sarue,
time that the violent abolitionists stand rebUked;
for their ill-judged proceedings, Ministers then
selves are so clearly proved to be sincerely
revs of protecting the interests of the. Colonists
from all unnecessary hazard or premature injury,
that the best possible effects must be prodnced7
•
respects -both the white.
and the kt
hien bltahcek ipsloapnudlsL asion r
.

Hamburgb Papers to the 21st instant }lntre r
rived. They communicate intelligence. fom t.
Petersburgh to the 4th. An Ukase had been Is-
sued to regulate the procvediiigs of the frontier
Custom-houses, and the department of Foreign
Trade, with respect to contraband goods. Rut-
slat' and foreign merchandize to the value of
237,000 rubles had been disposed of last Decen
ber in exchange for Chinese produce, at tl e
Custom-house of Krachia, on the frontiers cf
China. Among these goods were Prussian cloths
to the value of 64,000 rubles.

`'WINDSOR, APRIL. "25.—Yesterday his MA'
TESTY was so much occupied with public husi-
ness as to he unable to take Iris usual drive to the
Lodge.—This moruiliry, his MAJESTY, with his
usual attendants, heard divine service at the pri-
vate Chapel. The service was performed by the
Rev. C. It. SUMNER.

SIT ALEXANDER NT LET, Bart. left town on
Saturday night, with lisp tches for Frankfort,
Berlin, and St. Petershnr2ll.—Mr. JOHN DA-
VIDSON left loon for Dresden.

A Dublin Paper of Wednesday says, Lord
NORBURY has not given in his resignation as re.
.proted.

-1 Adel",
a:A. • ... . a
'54
‘ 0
' I. PI 1•) "e 1 WU:. ‘).,,, r.r. 7 "
, t ,;7'
' 4..7WW, it ,
,r` i 4-. ;„,. „.
„.„,.."0-1;44,,, -:4 ,
41, (--':: 1/41,,?::. •
~.., ‘,,,, ,5ci.k.,......,„.„.„,., 4, , ,r,r
, ,31.- ~,..._ ,
.;t: \ ~i 7 i E
it 07 -
v,
14 4)/.
(4‘ 11 ‘teril .. r 0

THE KING'S BIRTH DAY.
His MAJESTY'S birth-day will be kept on Thursday next
with unprecedented splendour. There will be a Drawing-
"'Gam at St. James's Palace, and for brilliancy it is calculated
that it will surpass any thing that has been seen in this coun-
',Y• St. James's Palace has long been undergoing extensive
aiterations repairs, and improvements. There have been new
grand staircases, new entrances, and new rooms formed, For
the purpose of holding this splendid Court ceremony, there are
Nur •
new Large rooms that have been finished with a costliness
that will surprise and dazzle. In the decorations of them, there
13 an amazing quantity of burnished gold ornament, and the
renneis, &o. are occupied with deadened crimson silk. These
corations are all round the rooms, and the richness and effect
area as may be imagined, magnificent beyond example. From
Lae cielings are sUspended chandeliers of immense size and of
tuust tasteful shape. The coup d'ail of the rooms certainly
surpasses any thing were ever beheld, in the way of brilliant
and imposing decoration and tasteful and gorgeous finish. The
mane in the House of Lords may be considered as a specimen
" the gold and crimson decorations, and of the costly and Su-
perb appearance of the whole of these rooms. At our Court,
nothing of the kind has ever been seen, and these brilliant no-
;.:!lties will give considerable eclat to the Drawing-room of
hursday next. The strictest instructions have been given to
the several officers, &c. connected with his Majesty's House-
nuld, es to their duties on Thursday. There will be the great-
est attention paid to costume, &c.—attention that is requisite in
4 ceremony that may be said to consist of form. The different
krtions of theirs have several times had to attend the Palace for
t'rders• The workmen are still engaged in the four brilliant
rooms which we have generally described ; they are engaged in
_ Jrnpleting the ornaments, fixing the chandeliers, &c. Dur-
fig the whole of these truly Royal improvements, there has
seen a careful exclusion of strangerS; none but official charac-
ters,
r!rs,portion of the Royal family, and• those connected with the
d of Works, under whose superintendence all the improve.
Tents took place, have been admitted. The changes that have
been effected will occasion a great sensation in the fashionable
world.

THE KING'S DRAWING ROOM.
- BOARD OF GREEN CLOttl,

• • St. James's Palace, April 24, 1824.
By Command of his MAJESTY, Notice is hereby Given,
That all Carriages going to his MAJESTY'S Drawing Room,
at St. James's Palace, on Thursday, the 29th of April, are b.,
fall into the line at the top of St. James's-street, in Piccadilly,
go down the left-hand side of the street, round the corner of
Pall-mall, and enter at the Iron Gate, nearest to the Palace ;
!et down at the Arcade, and come out of the Palace-yard
toi); the Iron Gate, nearest to Marlborough .House, and pass
*rmt'gh Pall-mall, into St. James's-square. In taking up, they
therat° corne down to St. James's-street in like manner, passing
thr ugh the same Gates as when they set down, and go away
°ugh Pall-mall. No Hackney Coaches will be permitted to
come within the Iron Gates, but must set down at the outside
thereof, and go away through Pall-mall. The Gate at the top
f Constitution-hill will be open only for Carriages of persons
Paving the Entre, which are to proceed down Constitution-hill,
and enter the Palace, at the Stable-yard Gate, turn into the
Ambassador's Court, set down at the Arcade, and go out at the
Gateway-in Cleveland-row • turn to the left, and wait in Cleve.•
land.row, the Stable-yard, 'or St. James's Park, till called for ;
then to take
up in the same order as they had set down, pass
away through the same Gateway, and go up the left hand side
43f. Si. James's-street. The carriages of Ambassadors, the Mi-
Ih‘ters, and great Officers of State, may remain in the Ambas-
sador's Court till called :or. Tickets for carriages belonging to
Persons having the entre, going in at the gate on the top of
Conatitution-hill, will be delivered at the Board of Green Cloth,
James's Palace, on 'Wednesday next, between the hours of
one and three o'clock'. Chairs are to come down the right hand
tide of St. James's-street, from Piccadilly. Dress Chairs are
to.enter at the great gate of the Palace, and pass under the
colonnade into the Ambassador's Court, set down there, and
Wait in Engine-court till called for. Hackney Chairs are to
enter at the new footway iron gate, nearest to the Palace, set
down under the Arcade, and pass away on the outside of the
Carriages, through the new footway iron gate next to Marl-
borough-hOuse.

ROYAL AQUATIC EXCURSIONS.
ItPoßTsmouTrt, APRIL 24.—We are most happy to hear
Arl!at his MAJESTY entertains some intentions of embarking in
toyal yacht this season, for aquatic excursions within the
ight.—The Royal Sovereign yacht, Cat. Charles Adam,
tting at Deptford, will be ready for the reception of his Royal
Royalthe Duke of Clarence on the 30th instant, and his
Atoyal Highness's present intention is to embark, with his
Itoyal Consort, about the 3d of May ;
_but his excursions will
not extend beyond six weeks, should the King wish the Royal
'squadron to be assembled this year.

FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS.
The Duke and Duchess of Richmond, at the Duke of Ar-
,qll'B, in Upper Brook-street, from their seat, Goodwood,
1.1""x ; the Duke of Grafton. from his seat, Wakefield-lodge,
-t'neY Stratford ; the Marchioness of Huntly and the Ladies
kontague, from Kimbolton-castle ; Emily Marchioness of
ridoc nderry, from her seat, North Cray, Kent; the Dowager
honellioness of Salisbury, from Hatfield ; ,T,ord Crewe, at his
Coke in Lower Grosvenor-street, from the seat of T. W.
-'4l Bolkham, Norfolk ; the Honourable Mr. and
West, at their house in Upper Grosvenor-street ; Mrs.
Ine Prideaux, Mis Courtenav, and Miss Stuart Courtenay,
tine Gate House Hotel, Highgate ; Sir Thomas Whichcote,
t., and.-Miss Whichcote, at Marshal Thompson's Hotel,
1-avendish-square, from Lincolnshire; Lord Henry Paulett,
L'ada' Paulett, and Family, at ditto, from Tichfield, Hants
,„
Vaior-General Sir Edward Kerrison, K.C.B. and M.P., and
Kerrison, at ditto, from Brighton ; R; M. Beverlev and
Thorpe, Esqrs., at ditto ; Thomas Quayle, Esq., at 'ditto,
from Suffolk ; Lord and Lady Bowe, in Upper Brook-
street, from their seat in Leicestershire ; Mr. and Lady
Jane Peel, at their seat at Fulham, from a tour ; Lord
'anti Lady Mandeville, at Kirkham's Hotel, Lower Brook-
street, from Kimbolton Castle ; Sir William, and Lady
fords,li at the British Hotel, Jennyn-street, from Bath ; eorge Cavendish, from Newmarket ; Capt. Markham,
4t the Waterloo Hotel, jenny-n.street, from the Continent.
,PEPART I:RES.—Sir Thomas White, Bart., from Marshal
14,"unlosons Ilotel ; Lord de la Zouche, from ditto, for Par-
sussex ; Mrs. Sheridan, from ditto ; Miss Bayley, from
Ittito ; R. C. Dallas, Esq. from ditto.
j'ATlL—Arrived since cur last,—Lord and Lady Gifford,
)1-,ight ROD. George Canning, Lady'Eleve, Hon. and Rev. Mr.
,ridgernahs Hon. -Mr. Liddell, Admiral Sir E. and Lady
bornborough, Sir Wm. Congreve, Si: John "Gore, Sir E.
liart°PP, Sir Thomas OnnsbyAdm. Seale, General Hill,
Massey, Lieut.-Col. Smith, Capt. Brooke, Capt. East,
LaPt• Jones, Capt. Peyton, Capt. Paget, Capt. Vaughan—Rev.
r. Blaikiston, Rev. sir. Bedford, Bev. Mr. Coates, Rev. Mr.
3Ciarr.te4.,, Rev. Mr. Lee, Rev. Mr. Lawes, Rev. Mr. Ronda, Rev.

.1, ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE WEEK. '
319 EVENlNG.—Countess of Essex's Ball, Hill-street;
Otway Cave's Ball, South-street ; the Countess of Arran's
~
Dover-street; Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell's Entertain-
Cliarlea-street, Berkeley-square.
,
,ItßDNYlsDAr.—Almack's Grand Ball; First Anniversary
IZoyal Academy Of music at the London Tavern.
unsnaY.—The King's Drawing-room, St. James's
ta'ace ; Grand Birth-day Dinners by Mr. Secretary Canning,
Lukeell of the Exchequer, the Duke of Dorset. and the
of Montrose ; Lord -Grantham's Party, St. James's-
square.
PrtxnAY.—Lady Melville's first Ball at the Admiralty ;
IVY Margaret Walpole's Ball, in Grosvenor-street ; Lady
sura'3 Concert, Great Queen-street ; Mrs. Freemantle's Rout,
lanhope•street; General and Mrs. Ross's Party, Portland-
lac ;. Marquis of Anglesea's grand Dinner ; the Marquis and
104rchloness of Lansdown's Entertainment at Lansflown
use, Berkeley-square ; Godfrey Wentworth, Esq.'s Enter-
'flnment, in Hanover-square.
''iSCrl:llDAY.—Baron Werther's Grand Entertainment, Mans-
-eot-street
Gwynne's Concert, Brook-street ; Lady
`Y de Parker's Concert, Great Cumberland-place.

THE PARKS.
21. numerous assemblage of fashionables were yesterday con-
Zegated together in the Parks, to enjoy the salubrity of one of
w e most serene days we have experienced this spring. The
co apath of the atmosphere has at length compelled our fair
bc:tryrnen to doff their winter costume of muffs, furs, and
sxin tin vs for the more tasteful and airy trappings of
s4llnrier. P

It is whispered that a celebrated female
Dancer of the Opera House, has returned to it,
in consequence of the discord of a Fife.

POETRY.

IMPROMPTU

On the FREEDOM of BRisTor, being presented to

FRANCIS FILEELING, ESQ.
BRISTOL, too slowly came thy Civic Grace,
As thou of FREELING art the native place,
Since he by talents and by worth, 'tis
Can well return the honour he may gain.

Kma's THEATRE.—It is evident that Madame
PASTA must have acquired a very high reputa-
tion abroad, since she left the country seven years
ago, as there was a larger audience to receive
her on Saturday last than we have witnessed
during this or any late. season. We were
obliged to find a. place in the Gallery, as no
other part of the Theatre was accessible. At
such a distance it was hardly possible for us to
estimate her powers properly, or to judge of the
expression of her features. It appeared to us,
however, that her voice is much improved in
strength, and that her taste is of an higher
order. Her person is pleasing, though not com-
manding, and her action seemed to be marked
by the simplicity of genuine feeling. We shall
reserve our opinion of her merits to a future oc-
casion, but estimating those merits by the ap-
plause which she received, she is likely to be-
come a valuable acquisition. The Opera was
°tell°, and GARCIA, in the sable hero of the
piece, acquitted himself with his usual energy,
and amply•shared in the general adthiratfon. •In
the, bances'NOßLET returned to this Thentie,ned
was most graciously received.

THE FINE ARTS.—On Saturday we were much
gratified by a private view of the twentieth Exhibition of the
Society of Painters in 'Water-colours, at their Gallery in. Pall-
Mall East. We can hardly indeed style it a private view, for
it was attended by many persons of high rank, distinguished
Amateurs, and a considerable number of our most eminent
Artists, as well as by a very numerous body of spectators who
werglavoured with gratuitous admission. We can say, with pa-
triotic pride, that, wholly and severally, the Works do honour
to the Artists and to the country. It is but justice to say,
that, considering the former excellence of the . Exhibitions of
this Association of Artists, incredible as it may appear, the pre-
sent collection is actually superior in general and individual
merit. A s-,irit of laudable emulation -seems to have ani-
mated all the contributors, and they may view the produc-
tions of each other with admiration, wholly unmixed with
the alloy of envy. The chief Artists indeed appear to have
entered into a competition with themselves, and the result
is an obvious triumph over all their former efforts. We
defy the Artists of every other country, single or combined,
to produce a rival shew of
_excellence. We mean not to be
invidious in our selections, and therefore take the names as they
promiscuously occur to us. The talents of PROUT, ROBSON,
HILLS, COPLEY FIELDING, VARLET, BARRET, NES.
FIELD, W. TURNER, WILD, STEPRANOFF, and many
others, a notice of whom we must reserve till another opportunity,
appear to the greatest adviintage. The landscapes, in particular,
are faithful and vivid representations of nature, whose charms
are rendered more impressive by judicious and tasteful selec-
tion. The whole forms indeed the triumph of national genius
in this department of the Fine Arts, and we should do injustice
to the commendable pride, and taste of our countrymen if we
could all suppose that such a various assemblage of beautiful
works stood in any need of a recommendation from us, and
did not sufficiently recommend itself by its intrinsic and pro-
minent excellence.

MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.
On Saturday evening, at a quarter past eight o'clock, Lord
FRANCIS CONYNOBAM led to the Hymeneal Altar the beau-
tiful Lady JANE PAGET, the daughter of the Marquis of
A •NGLESEA.—The ceremony was performed at Argyll House,
in Park-lane, by the Hon. and Rev. R. Bagot, brother of Lou'
Bagot, in the presence of the folio wing distinguished personages :
—Duke and Duchess of Richmond ; Dukeand Duchessof Argyll;
Marquis and Marchioness of Conyngham ; Countess of 17x-
bridge, Lady Harriot Bagot, Earl of Mount Charles, Lady
Elizabeth Conyngham, Lady Charlotte Conyngham, and her
youngest sister; Lord Albert Conyngham, • Mr. and Lady
Augusta Chichester; Lady Sarah Bailey; Lord Graves,
Mr. Denison, M.P. The Earl of Uxbridge gave away
the blooming Bride, who looked divinely in a dress of l'alen.
ciennes lace. The Ladies Geurgiana and Agnes Paget
were the Bride-maids. Immediately after the ceremony the
happy couple departed in a new post chariot for Cumberland
Lodge, In Windsor Park, there to pass the honey moon. The
Bride as in her 26th year, the Bridegrom is 27. At 9 o'clock
the company sat down to a most sumptuous banquet ; covers
were laid for eigtheen in the Great Saloon.
