THE WHEAT CROP.

The following is. the niorithly circular, published on
Thursday. last, by the Messrs. Sturge, of B rmingbam :
BIRMINGHAM, 10TH MONTH, 3D, li3B.—The past
month, with little exception, has been favourable for
securing the harvest, and a very large proportion of
all corn, except beans, is safe in the barns and ricks
of the farmer ; and the condition, also the quality, of
the wheat, which has hitherto been brought to market,
has, upon the whole, been fully equal to the average
of years. There is, however, yet a great breadth of
grain out, in the cold and late districts of England
and Inlaid, and still more in Sew' nd. It will be
s ,en by the annexed extracts, which are almost uni-
versally confirmed by our correspondents in every part
of the kingdom, that the deficiency in the yield of
wheat is greater than was anticipated, and even in
some of those districts where a good crop was con-
fidently expected. The produce is now considered
one-fourth less than an average ; consequently, not-
withstand:rig the fineness of the weather, and the liberation
of about 1,4200,000 quarters of foreign wheat and flour, our
prices have advanced, duriog the last month, 6s. to Bs. per
quarter, with little disposition on the part of farmers to press
sales at present rates. The duty on foreign will be 16s. Si.
per quarter this week ; and unlesi a considerable advance
takes place on English, will continue prohibitory. Al-
though prices are still comparatively moderate in some
of the ports of the Mediterranean and Black Sea, and
purchases may be made of reit wheat, for spring deli-
very, in some of those of the Lower Baltic, at 365. to 375.
per.imperi it quarter, free on board, it is doubtful if any
price would secure an importation of more than a month
or six we:lcs' consumption before the next harvest. We
have heard great complaints of the potatoe crops horn some
ilistri-cts, and are satisfied there is ground for them ; but there
is reason to believe it will, in many places, prove bully an ave-
rage. There has not been much barley yet thrashed ; the
crop, however, continues to be generally well spoken of ;
but the comparatively high value of wheat will, in all pro-
bability, prevent prices ranging so low as they would
otherwise have done. Beans are reported to be about
an average produce. Of Peas, the breadth sown was
small, and the crop is indifferent ; which, added to
the circumstance of there having for some time been
no foreign released, causes them to be scarce, and
ordinary white grinding parcels are selling at sixteen
shillings per 1931b5. Tares are a defective crop ;
we have, however, so many old on the market, that the
price has recently receded fully Is. per bushel, and fair
qualities have b,. en forcer.' off at ss. 3d. to ss. 6d. per im-
perial bushel. Coarse flour scarce ; price 20s. to 235. per
2801bs. at Gloucester.

J `.A '~ 7 ~

+ceuirsis•,eied by L .dy .nary Stopford, paid a visit to
her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester, at Bagsbot
Park, this morning, and returned to the Castle at balf-past
two o'clock this afternoon.
The Queen enjoyed her accustomed airing in the Park this
afternoon, accompanied by her Royal Mother, and attended by
Ladv Charlotte Copley, Baroness Lehzen, Miss Quentin,
Lord Uxbridge, the L rd Chancellor, Lord Glenelg, Lord
Lansdown, Lord John Russell, Hon. C. A. Murray, and the
Hon. Colonel Cavendish.
The Duke and Duchess of Sutherland arrived at the Castle
this morning on a visit t-, her M .
The Royal dinner party of this evening will include the fol-
lowing personages : Her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Kent, her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta, Lady C.
Copley. Lady Mary Stopford, Hon. Misses Lister and Paget,
Lady Littleton, Baroness Lehzen, Miss Hope Johnstone,
Duke and Duchess Sutherland, the Lord Chancellor, Mar-
quis of Lansdown, Viscount Melbourne, Lord John Russell,
Lord Glenelg, Sir John Hobhouse, Sir Jame° Hope, Lieut.-
Colonel Knollys, Lord Uxbridge, Admiral Sir Robert Ot-
way, and the Hon. C. A. Murray.

At. the Privy Ccuncil held at Windsor Castle on Saturday,
Parliament was further prorogued from the 11th inst. to the
4th 034 December. The Birmingham Charter was submitted
to her Majesty in Council, and ass approved of.
The Marquis of Clanricarde transacted business yesterday
at the Foreign-office.
Count Sebastiani,' the French Ambassador, and Collet
Pollon, ths Sardinian Minister, transacted business yesterday
at the Foreign-office.
The Austrian. Turkish, Russian, end Hanoverian Ambas-
sadors transacted business yesterday at the Foreign Depart'
merit.
Despatches were forwarded yesterday from Downing-street
for Lord Melbourne at Windsor.
Despitches, dated the 7th of April, were received yesterday
in Downing-street from the Governor of New South Wales-
Despatches were received yesterday at the Foreign Depart-
ment, dated the 17th ult., from Lord Ponsonby, the British
Ambassador at Constantinople.
Despatches were receiv, d yesterday at the Foreign Depart",
meat from the British Ambassadors resident at the Courts 01
Brussels, the Hague, Stockholm, and Copenhagen.

Their Serene Highnesses the Prince and Princess
of Oldenbourg left the Clarendon Hotel on Monday morning
on a visit to the Duke of Wellington, at Walnaer Castle;
whence they proceed to Rotterdam.
The Duke of Rutland and Earl Howe have res-
pectively subscribed the handsome sum of IOOL towards estab-
lishing a district " Church Building Society" in Leicester
shire, the Society to be supported by •oluntary contributions.
The Marchioness of Londonderry is quite recovered
from her recent indisposition. The Noble Marquis and bib
Lady will shortly see company at Wynyard Park.
The Marquis of Bristol still remains in St. James's-
square, but his Lordship intends passing the residue of the
autumn at Brighton.
The Earl of Saidwio' is expected in town in a fe't
days.

-
The Earl of Chesterfield has returned to Gedlla
Lodge, where a party has just met for the remainder of t";
shooting season. His Lordship on the proceeding week wka-
at Northampton; the Countess and family are at Bretby rar—.
The Earl and Countess of Minto are entertainino
Vice- Ad.niral Sir Charles Adam and a family circle at Alia°
Castle.
The Earl and Countess of Tankerville are entertai""
ing a large circle of friends at Gillingham Castle, wools*,
Northumberland. Lord Fitzharris has joined the party frock
Scotland. Lord Ossulton, M. P. arrived early in the w,
from the Right Hon. P. Thomson's seat in Scotland, ;cue.-
his Lordship has been shooting.
Viscount Palmerston arrival in town yesterday fr(11/
Windsor Cast's.
Lord Stanley, M.P., laid the first stone of a 'leo
church, at Bray, Lancashire, on Wednesday last.
Lady Louisa Lygon has arrived in town from
Brighton.
•
Lord Holmesdale has taken the residence onftinni;
Granville, Esq., at Wellesbourne, for the ensuing bu
sea-on.

A grand entertainment was (riven to Colonel Earl
Bruce, Major Phillips, Captain Sir Frederick Bathurst, Berti;;
Cornet Viscount Folkestone, and the other Officers of to
Royal Wilts Yeomanry, on Friday last at Salisbury.
Hen. Sydney Herbert, N 1.13., was unavoidably absent.
BATH.—Among the recent arrivals are the Dowsigd,
er
Countess of Delmore, the Earl, Dowager Countess, and La
Laura Waldegrave, Lady Page Turner, the Bishop of Col"
Lord Baron Wolfe, and Colonel Palliser.
THE LORD MAYOR ELECT.— The new Lord
Mayor of London for the year ensuing, Alderman Wilson, LI
an attache to the Royal Household, having for some years be"
the minor app ointment of Queen's Harbinger, which entitles
him, we believe to the privilege of the entree at Court at Levees
and Drawing-rooms.
MR. O'CONNELL.—This Hon. Gentleman is to be
invited to several public dinners. Clonmel has nowt we ace,
put in a claim to the honour of entertaining him.
THE WORKING CLASSES.--.The DeVOnpOrt
lii
dependent gives a report of the meeting which
Sainehowe, Monday week. There eras no novelty is the
proceedings.
mei
On Saturday a notorious cattle-stealer, name,.
Andrews, was driving a flock of twenty-nine sheep thrls
Harnham, when the constable of that district, recognising
1 the
fellow, took him into custody, and detained the flock. inbbeti
course of the day several farmers, who had been lately ffh.ep,
and who had heard of the capture, came to see the -and
when Mr. Saine, of Dorsetshire, owned eight of then,
0,0
another gentleman from the same county six. Andreratioa
was beld
consequently sent to Dorchester, to undergo an exareld.
before the Magistrates of that county.— Wiltshire Hera
knell/
SERVING ON JURIES.—It is not generally _.1,0
that parties de,cribed in the lists of persons qualified toils;pe
on juries as merchants, bankers, or esquires, avoid the
venirnce of serving on petty or common juries.
A 11:
GERMANY NOT THE PARADISE OF MtiqT•--CI 0
—Germany, though a musical land, is far from belt/400ot
very commonly supposed, the Paradise of musicians- 1;0 toil
struggled all his life with difficulties, and was oblige9%edoss
incessantly, not for fame, but for his daily bread. 14%b a re'
was saved from destitution by her second marriage dead
bus: e
spectable man, who became, too, a father to hero ele'sibare
band's children. His sister, the celebrated girl sv,)sfor ever
the triumphs of his childhood, and whose name t orita h
desge;
associated with his memory, died a few years ago in
and such extreme penury that she was actually suProa err
charity. Beethoven lived unpatronised by the great, af labour
lected by the public, barely able to subsist by a life of•
and parsimony, unknown and unheeded among his
men, even while his great name was resounding ehrnusceons-
rope ; and all because his transcendent genius was lin of tb°
panied by the suppleness of the courtier and the arts_ tbesn
man of the world. Let our musicians think a littlehoel;i, eye
things before they join the common cry ag:sinst tth PleP
country and repine that " their lot was not cast i_J,n the Or
sant places" of Germany."—Hogarth's Memoirs °I
At
B
fish and Foreign Opera. pot
The Cheltenham Free Press says that it wwesped
Barer'
Scott, the celebrated American diver, who was dr()
Stroud, but a man named George Greenwood, 414°00 /Is
who had taken up with the like occupation. An leciteatien;
bold on the body on Thursday, and, after a long ince'
the jury returned a verdict of " Death by Drovriling;secl, ea
man and woman who collected the money for the dece
who were taken into custody, have been liberated. ~e o
The colossal statue of his Grace the late be
Sutherland, which has been four years in proge(sothe
erected on the summit of Benvraigie, in the coureeAioeireftbe
be '
suing fortnight. It is thirty feet high, and can ea roof,
at a distance of eighty miles. The artists emPinY at oe
work have had a handsome house assigned to tbeni t of
robin by the Noble relict of the late Duke, and a _e:e Gr3l'
head of the statue has been placed, at the desire a
few
in the summer-house of the castle.
eve the
no a ~ptitt
FIRE IN THE STRAND.--Last e• --oppe" et
minutes before eight o'clock, a fire broke out la therinestl,o"
of a publishing office, situated at the corner of Catttect. Pe,
Strand, and for some time assumed an alarming as:;eee elPthe
gines of the West of England, and County Ogees scion of 0£
ditiously on the spot, followed by the principel P the lefire'
fire brigade engines. The fire had extended to
seers.
boa
the Age (Ace, and was rapidly progressing..
men mounted the roof, and, after some difficult'',
the flames. Both the offices have sustained injury' seitOn
nif Crg sge
On the 27th of last month, Israel gAeY.dooce
of the Jewish congregation at Wesel, died at the "
e ine °f
of 112 years. ot
About ten days since the Earl of Ca°,rower, Ittil ley
the officers of the Rifle Corps stationed in the
rd, foto' bis
valuable ring from his finger, which was after cored it llis at
a private in the regiment, who immediately fer f Cosi
Lordship, and was presented with 55., the Ear ston erribe
the same time directing him to call for a it,v., vi,its• FAO
morning until he ordered him to discontinue DI
and the
toe,
rifleman has been very regular in his attendane!
has been as regular in his payments.
not at all in a hurry to obtain a leave ofl alibesse°niedele'frr°l°'°bfi:n
taPifY
kind of " morning parade." only s alf
We do not act drunk now-a-days ; we o,e ariorn
ourselves, with cigars. Every generation halr,Scllany.
o *
aking
which it elevates into a fashien.—BentleY s
winMdory, Tatasywloirn,esahefaadri:naenrd,
Magistrates amounted to one pound seventee
a,
JOSEPH ADY AT REDUCED CaAll favoured
Colson, of the Coburg Inn, sOgne" oef Ord''
le to
? not a as
advantage, upon receiving a remittance 0
pas
ertzser.
but for ss. only I—Hampshire Adv. r Gallic too
Ady with one of his offers ofhiansfotrhmisat"io'ene_.k
jail 0,
Award
twheascostitsuoedf t3bs;:oief_ai.°;intligiolgrbese,r_erlbei
the Roman Emperor, and one o
1
tely been found in Lancaster c
Two copper coins,
hurcbyarct.
one'
fofoutrhoewrne oof

. I

LITERATURE.

:1'14.1:: LE; LAs ,11 D ();Zit.:;iu

I'
.

Taylor.-
. The necessity which the contributors to the political de_
Partment of the " British and Foreign Review" conceive
themselves to be under, to confirm every statement which
they may make, by statistical tables, is not calculated to pro-
mote its popularity. Custom-house details are very well in a
Parliamentary Report, and statistical, ethnographical, topo-
graphical, and financial statements, are admirable ingredients
in judicious and rapid summaries of the riches, resources,
WI capabilities of nations ; but when such statements and
details are dwarfed to the resources of a province of a
country but little known, and less understood, they be-
"me more perplexing than instructive—more tiresome
than profitable. These remarks are intended to apply to
the very long and laboured review of a work pub-
``stied
S two years ago at St. Petersburgh, entitled
Survey of the Russian Possessions beyond the Cau-
"sus" which would gain considerably by being curtailed
of half its present dimensions. This Review is not with-
°lit merit, but the tediousness of its details is enough to
`y vent the generality of readers from getting through it
hat, however, most surprises us, is the writer's ad
rn'"jeas with respect to the probable consequences of
lc
the
Ttrabl shment of a compiete Russian despotism overanscaAucasian Provinces, while endeavouring to: pers • uade
t eat Britain to prevent such catastrophe. Take, as
,example, the following specimen :
e Ri considers her -Transcaucasian possessions, as it is
hlPressed in the
roject of her Minister of Finance which we
,ave mentioned Pas a colony which is to supply her with the
time
material necessary for her manufactures, and, at the same
falnetell,reosp.en a profitable market for the produce of those mani-
makin Some people may sneer at the idea of Russia's
g a flourishing and profitable colony of her Transcauca..
• theossessions ; but we suspect that, with such capabilities
11:01/"e reg.",
1 ossess, a little assistance, or even the re.-
r;r' teuarial
ofentheregiies, tolerable burdens which now grind down thair
would produce the most brilliant. results.
havean a striking example in Egypt, which, administered by
Renergetic barbarian, has effected wonders. Let us take, as
as chance, the cultivation of cotton. The Brazilian cotton
di nir"inced into Egypt in 1822, in order to replace the in-
eugtteon°us, and the same year five millions of French pounds of
amftern wool were collected ; but no longer than tego years
„ity wards i • 194 45 000 000Ibs. of that valuable corn-
.vver eProlnclueBe-d 'ther'e. 'B. ad as the Government of
sta. vraniS, Ire do not think that it is worse than the Egyptian
• 1. believe, that if the Russian Government once seriously
P les itself to the improvement of its Transcaucasian -f
p— flees, they will i•se in a short time to a high degreei o
mraelPeritY, furnishing the Russian manufacturers with
nttie rawwith
711;terial, and at so low rate as to enable them to comp.eAsia.
_maufactures in the markets of Persia and Centralcountries,
in 'thremoval of the grievances which oppress those o
effecte shape of the absurd system of taxation, will(' havediain
den-0-"ardlY to be caletilated ; and that this will be speeh.
4nPearing
' unlY be anticipated from the work under review, w idee,
under the au,pices of the Government, strongly
Pprecates the present financial system of the Transcaucasian
niNvinces; and argues that under merely tolerable manage-
eut they might become the most flourishing part of the Rui-
-440 dominions. Even now the high price of labour (at Tiflis
COrilmon labourer may earn one silver rouble, 35. 4d. per
daY),
such and comparative cheapness of food, and even luxuries,
naev ) wineerrnany, many
front wine and fruit, will attract great numbers of emigrants
n
of whom have settled at different period s
hers
°f Pal Parts of Russia. Besides voluntary settlers, num-
Ger or whom the Russian Government may easily attract from
Whom
by giving them sufficient encourageme:,t, it may re-
Sort to the
'n p. expedient which has often been successfully tried
411) uat country, i. e. a forced transplantation of a large num-
,lar of families from the wild and ba,ren regions of Russia to
1,16. more favoured parts of her dominions. We repeat, that to
11. g the Transcaucasian provinces to a high degree of pros-
pern,,
.J: nothing is wanting but a good, or at least a tolerable,
kuninistration ; and this is by no means unattainable as soon
as the Russian Government, having become convinced of its
ImPorfance, shall seriously apply itself to the task. That such
result is not impossible we have good evidence in the Cri-
aTa, Which, in the beginning of its subjection to Russia, had
:len to a much lower state than it had been in under the rule
ca the Gherays ; but whose prosperity is now so rapidly ad-
vancing by an improved mode of administration, that the value
"1f land, in several parts of that peninsula, has risen, in the
shnrt space of a few years, from 100 to 1,500 roubles (paper)
the desiatine."
If the writer be so firmly persuaded that "a good,"
Or even a "tolerable" Administration, would follow the
establishment of Russian authority. beyond the
only
that a sr high degree of prosperity" is not not u.n-
atfaiinable, but probable, in the event of the Imperial
bagie alaproachina. still nearer to the Oriental lair of the
aerit' h • '"
that would
Lon, we cannot undertake to defend the morality
at would prevent such a result by the effusion of a
'nation's blood and the loss of her treasures. We are
apposed to the views and the designs of Russia ; but we
ppoaed to them
those dictated by a on higher and purer grounds than
e mere regard for the solvency of our
eorehants—although that, with us, has ever been an object
eveteat solicitude. We are opposed to Russia because
]aka
i u.owauhneerrstc: be essentially barbarian—to be barbarian
ner
roic)ln
foreign
in her language, in her literature, in her
.administration, and in the whole routine of her
empire toreign and domestic. In aiming at universal
' she only aims at the universal slavery of the
she ltlan race. She has no high and ennobling purposes—
tio could not even comprehend them. The high civilize-
eel? Lei England, France, Belgium, Holland, and the more
kn
beeoliztee , from n
d ro
being
States, is gall and wormwood to her ;
able to comprehend the force of
fatal edge farther than a vague conception of its being
spot
.to
le despotism, she equally fears and abhors every
etere which she knows it to be cherished. It is as the
ear—Y of the liberties of mankind, and not as the rival of
de oeerehants, either in the East or West, that. we
Peteureee the aggressive policy of the Cabinet of St.
With sbergh• " Catholicism in Prussia " presents us
the a luminously correct view of the quarrel between
of
tn. Courts of Berlin and Rome on the subject
fre ulled marriages, but the question has been brought so
.eetlY before the public by all the leading Journals,
The
11'ay be said to have lost all newspaper interest.
Penta"lew of
in
Sat age Landor's " Pentameron
.and
and :_l°gia" is in a high degree subtle and discriminating,
aegeLe• the main perfectly correct. There are few who arc
that air'ted, with Mr. Landor's works who will not admit
°the. What he does well be does better than perhaps any
he e,. 'vale writer ; but that there are circles into which
Pusan Penetrate, after repeated trials, is equally indis-
Uest, With a rich imagination, a fine fancy, a flowing
varied'eid eloquence, unqustioned scholarship, deep and
th'hknowledge, and a decided style, he might be any-
atinfltd. he did not aim at being everything, and what is
earn ere dangerous, at being singular. A democrat who
chance endure the presence' of a crowd runs a desperate
taerj.,ei of losing himself in individual solitude. " Corn-
itev(Ved Manufacturing Progress of Belgium since the.
atruct,_"on," embodies within a reasonable compass an in:
thrivin've outline of the present condition of
.that very
done e g State. The writer' is of opinion that the indepen-
,terusai of pthe Belgian throne is not endangered by the.
I.etiti et the King of Holland to acknowledge its
unar truism which nobody will think of disput-
a.et,tled 111,1.1,14 "alit quo of the last seven y ears has
s-ota, that
question ; so that the Downing-street preto•
have aftte oft question
the subject of ridicule in the Tory Journals,
vorei, e. stron
100 er all ,Gon•done as much for Belgium as would an army
eeeets i
backed by the moral power of half the Go-
aragua „ a Europe. The Reviewer of the " Letters on
"Pres., rally bears out the favourable opinion which we
he ne "Pressed
of the excellence of that work. In some places
there more than amplifies our very expressions. Here and
Profit :title abstract passages of which Mr. O'Connell might.
-Irish LY avail himself in his epistolatory addresses to the
" g,;„e °PI e • We select one equally forcible and correct :
Pl'estion-atil4tion was ever yet reduced to slavery, except it had
Its 'Y been demoralized • a conqueror may exterminate
Itroy its and its armies, proscribe' its language and laws, de-
)34USlEtetro rn.eree, amid lead away the remaining fragments of
act Nies into
tole vrs only hopeless bondage :so was it with the Jews
our ewt se.marts of old, and so has it been with the Poles in
et' li tuneiti:
the
est
ohtt?heanrtsthefe nation itself has ceased to exist,
the 'Presentativ exiles and emigrants. Then the
lot, °titters of nationality are those
%ho sit down by
But
and weep, and hang their. etY tree,harps upon a
°lerid but no nation that had not previously lost what
tusaer ge calls the citadel of the moral being,' ever bent
haperithie Yoke, and
the e a' Rome mid yet continued to be a nation : witness
.Hapsburg;
the
Imperial Russia R aunts oflmperial Austria under
under the House
PrusalT, an" ; Spain underrg; mSerlioas IV. and Fernando VII. ;
under under the descendants of Frederick the Great ; Italy
day of lacswarra of Austrian Archdukes ; France in the hey-
tpoil
libel... child of
ehange r fir;,t Revolution, when every month brought her a
tyrants ; in the zenith of her Empire, when the
fortune trampled upon every vestige of her
tannottwr Med
Ler tl'ies, and consoled her with rags of glory; in
arid our,e,ituperishable days, when ea
cunning gamester jockied
Ana; under the rule of her Citizen King, when
Lyonsroared blood flowed in the streets of Paris and
1114;f01311t if such demoralization have taken place, then even
of ur:Tirin s of Constitutional Government are the. true, engines
• e","eY and th •
near e signs of that demoralization may b.e read
t ands alcae•in il a nation become so selfish as to think she.
liberties thenations
world, and to turn her eyes from the iroh-
t}irce4ts of other
that look to her as the guairarntieee
; if henrnhsigher classes, and especially_ icis
af
411..t,ive bodies, split themselves into factions,. to whose petty
, fractional interests
t fritter awa reasrt.s:henational up,4.ehlfearreloiswoorff,crl•aesdsosand
the throat for YintheaPdva'nsei
It'eornber,!at of force ; disputesftheband
ifselfish class-interests by
if that threat be ever listened to for a
; her education become daily more and more con-
to
ail the intellect, to the exclusion of the higher faculties
her m nature; if her established church become a sect ;
and zatore prurient and sentimental ; her public writers
aliarria aals vain and venal ; above all, if the sanctity of the
..„,thenge bon.d be unrecognized, and its stringency weakened
a oat on 1:8 demoralized, and, in spite of its Lords and

Commons, either on the high-road to a tyranny, or an easy
; .

.;.1,• in a left
degree, to the objections taken to the Review of the
Transcaucasian provinces of Russia. It abounds too
much in minute details ; and, did our limits admit of such
a discussion, we think we could easily show that the Re-
viewer has not taken a sufficiently comprehensive view of
the designs of the French Government. But more of this
on some future occasion. The Review of " Chateaubriand's
Congress of Verona" is very smartly and gracefully written.
Seldom has the vanity of this elegant but flippant French-
man received 'a. fillip so gracefully administered as in the
instance before us. We have now enumerated all the ar-
ticles in this Number, with the exception of a deservedly
laudatory Review of Mr. Milne's Poems, which have been
already favourably noticed in The Sun.

TRAVELS IN AUSTRIA, RUSSIA, AND
PRUSSIA.-2 Vols.
Bentley, London, 1838.
The most entertaining and intelligent portion of these
travels is that wherein the author describes his voyage by
steam down the Danube, which possesses much the same
merit that Mr. Quin's recently published description of the
same excursion possesses—that is to say, it is minute and
lively in its details, full of incident, and singularly happy in
its sketches of character. Next to this, in point of amuse-
ment, we may place the author's account of the present
state of society in Hungary, which contains many matters
of information which we do not remember to have met with
in print before. The author, it seems, was much pleased
with the Hungarians, whom he evidently studied closely
during his residence in the country ; " they are," he tells
us, " a dark mid rather handsome people, with more liveli-
ness of expression and feeling than the Austrians ; the
women are pretty, with universally dark eyes and hair ;
and both sexes exhibit an indescribable something which
bespeaks an eastern origin." The prejudice in favour of
birth appears to be carried to a most extravagant
height in Hungary. " When the Serfs are spoken
of," observes the author, " it must be borne in mind that
in this country a man's appearance does not alw vs indi-
cate his rank. A poor, ragged creature, cultivating his
field, is es likely to be a noble as a serf. Since nobility is
not restricted by the law of primogeniture, a vast number
of the aristocracy have become paupers, dependent on their
owa manual labour, and earning a miserable subsistance ;
yet they enjoy all the privileges of their birth, and are ex-
empted from the extortion practised on those of common
blood. Tike pride and interests of the oligarchy combine to
protect this anomalous class of democratic aristocrats."
The author's descriptions of the scenery of the Bosphorus,
and of the splendors of that queen of cities—lmperial
Constantinople, are cleverly and vividly given, but the sub-
ject is so haAnied, that it is next to impossible to give it
interest. The volumcs are illustrated with four engrav-
ings, and are the production of a clergyman named Elliott.

A DICTIONARY OF ARTS, MANUFACTURES,

AND MINES.
_Longman, London, 1838.
A useful, practical work, which Dr. Ure, the Editor,
proposes to complete in ten monthly parts. The Second
Part is now lying before us ; it is embellished with nu-
merous clever wood engravings ; and among other curious
and instructive matters, critains some- singular details
respecting the manufacture of buttons, which, it seems, is
an art divided into several branches, constituting so many
distinct trades.
