COAL MONOPOLY.

Captain ,AL SAGER presented a petition from the Impe-
rial .;as anj Coke Company, praying for protection against
th.r m0..,0p01v of the coal owners and coal merchants of the
port of London.
Mr. BROWNRIGG presented a petition from Boston,
praying for a reduction c. 4 the rate of postage.
Petitions were presented by jr. A. SMITH from the
rtford Union, and by Mr. licaaouoras from another Poor-
Lary Unity), in favor of the radii,: of Somil Tenements Bill.
Mr. BRO THE RTON presented a petition front Saitlird,
praying for the establishment of bonding warehouses
Mr. AGI.IO NB Y presented a petition from the brewers
of eockermouth, complaining of the importation of beer from
th fle of Man, and seeking redress.
Colonel CONOLLY presented petitions from Raphoe,
Ferman.'gb. and Donegal, praying for an alteration of the
pi ~sent r; stem of education in Ireland, and also praying
that no far .her grant should be made towards its support.
The Hon. anci Gallant Member also presented a petition from
Donegal, in fay our of the abolition of the Negro apprentice-
ship system.
Mr. W. DUNCOMBE presented a petition from York,
against the alienation of Church property. The Hon. Mem-
ber also presented two petitions from the North Riding of
Yorkshire, in favour of the abolition of Negro slavery.
Mr. G. WOOD presented a petition from Kendal agabist
the Copyright Bill.
Sir G. STRICKLAND presented seven petitions front I
Ma.-yport, St. Neots, and several other places, in favour of
the abolition of Negro slavery.
The Gravesend Cemetery Bill was reported and ordered to
be engrossed.
Sir J. Y. BULLER brought up the Report on tEo West
Istdia Dock- Bill.
air J. GRAHAM presented a petition from Pembroke-
eLire against the alienation of Church property.
Sir M. WOOD presented a petition from London against
the Coal Trade Monopoly.
TOBACCO.

Mr. GROTE moved for a return, in continuation of a
former return, of the number of lbs. weight of leaf and other
descriptions of tobacco imported into Great Britain and Ire-
land up to the sth of April, 1838.—Ordered.
Sir R. FERGUSON presented a petition from the pawn-
brckers of Nottingham against the Bill for establishing a
Courpany called the British Pledge Society, as being calcu-
lated to affect their interests.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY presented a petition from the land.
owners of Colchester against the rating of Small Tenements
Bill.

The A TTOR NE Y-G ENERA L presented a petition from
the Society of Fricruls of Edinburgh against the Negro ap-
prenticeship system in the West Indies. The petitioners
stated that the object of the Legislature, in abolishing slavery
in the colonies, had been entirely defeated, as slavery was car-
ried on under the name of the apprenticeship system to as
great an extent as ever, the plasters having broken their
promises to the Government.
CONSOLIDATED FUND.

On the motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL, the Conso-
lidated Fund Bill was read a second time, and ordered to
be committed on Monday.
Upon Lord JOHN RUSSELL moving the Order of the
Day for the House resolving itself into a Committee of Supply,
Colonel Pr4:RCE VAL wished to ask the Noble Lord, the
Secretary for ireland, when the annual returns of committals,
which ought to Lave been laid on the table in February, would
be forthcoming ?
Lord MORPETH said that he would inquire into the
subject, and inform the Honourable and Gallant Member of
the result.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS ( IREL AN D) BILL.
Lord STANLEY inquired why the Irish Registration of
Voters Bill, leave to bring in which bad been obtained on the
13th of March, had not been introduced ?
Lord J. RUSSELL replied—the reason of the delay was
that sereral points had required the further consideration of
the Government. Those points were now disposed of, and the
Bill would be brought in as soon as the Attorney-General for
Ireland arrived.

THE BANK QUESTION.
Mr. HUME asked what arrangement had been made with
regard to bringing on the Bank Question, which was one of
great importance ?
Lord J. RUSSELL said, his Right Honourable Friend the
Chancellor of the Exchequer expe.cted to-day to be abi,n to
fix a day for bringing on the question. All that he (LeTel
J. Russell) could say was, that Le could not consent to any'
but Government measures corning oil on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Mr. HUME—Then that is not fair—if any one Member of
the Government makes a pledge, and another disregards it.
ORDNANCE ESTIMATES.
Sir H. VI VITA N said he rose to move his estimates, which
had usually been moved by the Clerk of the Ordnance, but his
Hon. Fiend, Who, now filled that situation, was nut sufficiently
experienced in the .business of that department, having been
so recently appointe,l to the office. If he (.Sir Hussey
Vivian)- was not able to answer any question of detail,
he claimed the indulgence of the House.—( H ear, hear.)
It was s i h regret he antic. unced there was this year on increase
in this department—not an increase of expenditure, %)tit t.n in-
crease of estimate, arising from extrordinary circumsta ices and
he would endeavour tc explain the different items of that _lucre tee.
On the second vott there leas an increase of 2,1311. 'The
net inerraie was an increase of 4).171/ upon the re:rift-I-ern: ; of
a: tilh ry - ..nd troops ;o Canada. Since 18',3, no lesS 1574
men had been called on for different foreign
services. k In con-
sequence of that, it this moment there were only .321
effective men of the • artillery prepared to do the d tt.ies

at Woolwich, which required 226 men every day to mount
guard. Without the proposed augmentation, it would be im-
possible to relieve any of those artilleries now serving abroad.
Three companies had Been sent to Canada—one had been
sent to St. Kitts—and another to Bermuda ; and, under these
circumstances, they had not a sufficient force. The next was
an increase of 28,388/. for the superintendence of the Ord-
nance establishment at home and abroad, and for the
Fortification and Barrack Department at home and abroad.
That vote, generally speaking, must be always a floating one,
inasmuch as it depended on the amount of increase that might
take place. They had 605 fortifications and ordnance works,
containing 7,247 guns, and Hon. Members would admit that
the wonder was how, under such circumstances, the
grant was so small. The next item exhibited an
increase of 1,672/. in the civil, military, and barrack
contingencies. Last year the sum granted for Irelanil was
45,000/, and this year it was 50,000/, ; and had it not been for
that, there would have been an decrease in the item. The
next item was stores, in which there was an increase of
15,000/. Hon. Members were aware that a Committee had
been sitting to determine upon the propriety of making an altera.
tion—all other nations were making improvements, and it was
not fair to those men who were risking their lives in defence
of their country, if they did not take advantage of every im-
provement. There could not be a better opportunity, as the
quantity of small arms, which was formerly 900,000 stand, had
been lately reduced to 200,000. It had been stated that the
arms at present used by the soldiers were of a very excellent
description, but on his ( Sir H. V.'s) tours of inspection he had
generally found that one out of five, or one out of four, missed
fire, and that the triggers were in that state that they required
so strong a pull as to prevent any certain aim being taken.
The soldier, therefore, had not the confidence in his arms that
he should have had. The Committee that had been sitting
had decided upon having patent rifles and patent carbines ;
and this it was that had caused the increase of 15,0001.
in this vote. He knew the Honourable Member for
Kilkenny was a strong advocate against the increase of stores.
He agreed with him in that, and when he came to the depart-
ment he had now the honour of being at the head of, he got
rid of a great quantity of stores. Indeed, the reduction of
stores had commenced in 1815, and from that time to the pre-
sent he could say with truth that stores to the amount of upwards
of two millions had been disposed of. The next cause
of increase was 15,0001. for 68 pounders which had been or-
dered agreeably to the request of the Admiralty. These were
the most important articles that had Caused an increase of
60,000/. beyond the estimate of last year. The decreases
were in the first instance 6,5701. in consequence of
the reduction of the establishment in Dublin, and its
transfer to the Horse Guards. The next decrease
was 561. in gunners—the next 2,5001. in the department
of Engineers and Sappers and Miners. The next was
150/. in the Horse Artillery ; there was also a saving of
1591., fur length of service in the Medical department;
and also a saving of 5,145/. in the unprovided. The
next saving was 2,828/. in superannuations. The lest
saving was 32,598/. upon the Commissariat Department,
on account of the difference in the price of forage.
The real increase for the present year was 50,2051. ; but the
estimate went by 148,708/. beyond that of the last year. It
was his ( Sir H. Vivian's) object, as it had been, he was
persuaded, the object of preceding Masters- General
of the Ordnance, to reduce the expenditure as low as was
consistent with the efficiency of the service, and with justice
to individuals. In two departments alone,--the Tower and
the Woolwich Arsenal—a saving of 32,0001. had been effected
since the year 1830. The business of the department
of the Ordnance generally was so great, and the assistance so
small, in ono year, he (.Sir H. V.) had 1,500 papers submitted to
hire, and received 7,000 letters; the minutes of the Board in one
year haJ amounted to 13.767 pages, the Board having received
36 000, and answered 50;000 letters. With such an amount
of business, it: was impossible to reduce the establishment any
!oxer. He should now mere the first vote cf 60.4081. for the
eLeeer Geueral and principal Clerks or the Ordnance De-
part inert:
Mr. HUME much regretted that the Secretary et War,
( Lord llowiek) was not present, for he wished to ask the Noble
Lord some questions respecting the consolidation of the offices.
Ile wished the Master-general of the Ordnance to leak at the
large store.hoases at Woolwich, and let him apply that prin-
ciple then which Ice admitted to be correct, of not keeping
stores on hand to perish, and he would find a still greater sav-
ing might be made in that department. There had been a large
reduction every year for the last eight or ten years, notwith-
standing it had been stated no further reduction could be made.
Why had not those alterations been made by the Government
which, when in opposition, they contended were indispensable ?
Jr seas utterly impossible for him to account for the want of
.attention paid by the heads of the department. He would
like to know why, sinee the report he held in his hand had
been put forward, it had not been acted on. It could not
he caused by anything but downright negligence.—( Hear,
hear, hear.) The existing state of the Ordnance seas
there purtrayed, in a manner which was a disgrace
to any Government. Su long as the present complicated
„stem was kept up, it teas impossible that there could be any
economical arrangement—that the service could be efficient,
or the interests of the public attended to. The House did not
to its duty, or it would have compelled the Ministers to
tafortn the system. They wanted a better sort of an
onposition—he meant an opposition of a different charac-
ter.—( Hear, and a laugh.) If they had a more powerful
opposition there would be pretty cuttings down, although they
had been previously toll that there was nothing to be reduced.
There was no army in Europe in which there was a
i,etter Engineer corps than there was in this country,
and yet there was no army in which fewer of the Engineers
were known to the Commander-in-Chief. He could
see no necessity for keeping great-coats in store, to
be eaten by the moths, at a great expense.—( Laughter.)
If it were good for the army that the clothing should be sup-
plied as it was wanted, he did not see why the same rule
should not be applied to the Ordnance. —( Hear, hoar, bear.)
One chief clerk and ten assistants could easily keep all the
l,tares of the Ordnance Department. He (Mr. Hume)
wished to know whether any consolidation was to be effected
in Ow foreign store department. In all other countries the
army, navy, and ordnance stores were placed under
one depot. The Honourable Member then proceeded to
remark upon the impolicy of piling bad arms in store.
If he had not been greatly misinformed, the Belgian, Prussian,
and French troops were all supplied with better arms
than England. He had seen British arms r.ompared with
the arms supplied to Belgian troops, and he was assured
by officers there, that the British arms were inferior.
Was it any economy to pay 193, for a bad musket instead of
355. for a good one ? He was able to state there had been Com-
mittees sitting in Prussia, Belgium, arid 'ranee, to consider what
should be the arms used by the infantry, and he thoaght
Government would deserve very great credit if they cone
tieued to carry on changes and reforms, until they threw'
out of the department all useless arms.—(hear, hear.)
So much with regard to stores. He would now make
one or two observations with regard to the increase
that inns proposed. Be thought that the three companies
of Artillery now proposed to be added were unnecessary.
It appeared to him that it was very unnecessary to raise so
large a force of artillery fur the sake of a few months' ser-
vice, particularly in the present defective state of the
'revenue. He could not help saying that all that had
been occasioned by the improper and unjustifiable proceedings
of that House in passing the resolutions with respect to
Canada, which had
ocetestoned so much disorder and blood-
'bed. Let Hon. Members leok to the increase in their ex-
penditure. In 1835 the expenditure was 48,7i14,000/. ;in
835 it was 50,749,000 ; and in 11837 it was 51,319,000 t,
showing an increase of nearly two millions and a half.
The army' expenditure had increased in nearly equal propor-
tions. In 1805 it was 6,400,000/., in 1836 it was 6,473,0001.,
in 1837 it was 0,521,0001., anci in the present it would be
i
nearly seven million: a. There had Wen, also, an increase in
the navy ; and thus ti:eY ten Ine,reaeing their expendi-
wex
pr
ture, while the revenue wlas decreasing. in 1835 the tent-
standing debt was twenty-nine , illionslef Exchequer Bills oil:,
Now they: were only 24 to 25 :millions, big ate interes.`.
was upwards of 200,000/. from the m:_ggla.Pagernent of our
financial affairs. Before the Session ws; over be would
prove that the compensation to the slave-oill'9rs cost the
country not 20 millions, but 25 millions, from the niaNer in
which the contract had been made. Were they to go on in-
creasing the expense with a falling revenue? Was there to be
no stop to such profligacy ? This year we must have a loan—one
million would not make up the deficiency ; yet there appeared
to be no hope of any amelioration from the Government. He
wesuld not make any motion, for it was but a farce ; as he was
well aware that he would not be supported by 20 Members,
Viscount HO WICK perfectly agreed with what the Hon.
thought
the military
at ei tvairl y h
ad
bee n establishmentsjnuch ofex
atghe.
evil,
countryin the
; but h e management
gerated. With respect to the conduct of the Govern-
ment, he had only to repeat, the explanation he had for-
merly given on that head, and he knew that what could
be done would be done to correct the existing evil,
larly in the Ordnance, where it was most to be dp.artiTz
remedy required could only be supplied by an Act of Parli
ment, and at present there was no time to ietrod any m?"
tw-e
sure on the subject.
Captain BOLDER 0 defended the conduct of Lord 11111.
who, he said, had nothing to do with the expenses of the army,
and went into a statement to show that an increase of the
Ordnance Department was pavtieuiarly required at the present
asoaseut.

_
Sir PEEL hoped the trigonorsetrie.al survey of the dif-
ferent counties would be proceededwith.Leforethe whole face

of the country siaould be 'changed by the,introdnetion of rail-
roads, because if the "purvey was nottakon immediately pcw-
terity would never have a proper map of •thelkingdem. With
respect to what had fallen from the Hon. Member for Kil-
kenny as to the indisposition shown by his (.ir IL Peel's) side
of the House to oppose a large expenditure, he should only re-
mark that it was no part of the policy of that side .of the
Housq to reduce to an inefficient state, the estabtishmerits
of the country. Before he sat down he wished to ask the Nu.
ble Lord opposite if it was true that a supply of arras had been
applied for by the Spanish Government to this coun,try under
treaty, and denied, on the ground of the misconduct of that
Government ?

Lord J. RUSSELL taid all he could say was, that an ap-
plication had been made by the Spanish Government to this
country under the treaty, and 100,000 muskets had been sent
out on that application. The Spanish Government, however,
complained that they had not received the whole of that quer
tity, and had recently applied for the deficiency ; but the
answer was, that the whole had been sent, and that there was
no deficiency.
Sir H. VIVIAN had been induced to encourage the hasten-
in'r of the surveys connected with the Ordnance Department
with the view of assisting those. persons who were interested
and engaged in the different railroads throughout those parts
of the country with reference to which those surveys were
taken. With respect to the observations of the Hon. Member

for Kilkenny on the reduction of the army generally, he could
only say that he differed entirely from the views of the Hon.
Gentleman, but more particularly with regard to the corps of
engineers and artillery. In 1792 the artillery corps amounted
to between 4,000 and 5,000 men ; it had been since raised
to 7,000, and without such increase it would be impossible
to relieve our companies in the West Indies in the
proper manner. The Honourable Member complained
of the cost and expenses of the stores, while it was quite
impossible to reduce them below the present scale. As to the
recommendation of the Hon. Gentleman to place the Artillery
and Engineers under the Horse Guards department, he must
say that it would be quite impossible to separate those corps
from the civil branch of the Ordnance department.
Mr. HUME complained of the price charged for the maps
published by the Ordnance, and wished to know whether they
could not be sold to the public at the same rate as other Go-
vernment papers?
Sir H. VIVIAN replied that a great reduction had already
been made regarding these maps, and the result was, that the
sale of them had been far less than it was before.—( Hear.)
The vote was then agreed to, as were also the following
votes :-
88,4871. for the salaries of civil officers in different depart-
ments of the Ordnance, barrackmasters, &c.
4,3911. for the expenses of the Ordnance in Guernsey, Jer-

sey, &c.
64,2221. for the pay of Royal Engineers, instruction of
Sappers and miners, &c.
283,9861. for the pay of the Royal regiments of Artillery.
36,0351. for expenses of the riding-house establishments.
6201. for the expenses of the field-train department.
9,9541. to defray the expenses of the medical establish-
ments of the military department of the Ordnance.
291,1921. for the expenses of superintendents, storekeepers,
&c., and allowances to barrackmasters in the colonies.
A conversation ensued, in which Lord Sandon, Sir H. Vi-
vian, Lord Howick, Mr. Slaney, and Mr. Wynn took part,
on the advantages to arise from the establishment of libraries
for the army, improving military prisons, and providing places
in which the soldiers could enjoy recreation and manly exer-
cise, the result of which was, that although the two latter
subjects had hitherto been found impracticable on the score of
expense, it was the intention of the Government to supply the
different military stations at home and abroad with books for
the use of the soldiers.
Captain WOOD complained of the exclusion of soldiers
from the gardens of the Parks.
Lord J. RUSSELL replied that the exclusion alluded to
by the Hon. and Gallant Gentleman had existed since the
reign of Charles 11., but that for his (Lord J. Russell's)
own part he saw no reason why it should be continued.
Captain BOLDER() thought that establishing savings
banks or benefit societies in the army would be advantageous.
Lord J. RUSSELL said that the commanding officers with
whom ho had communicated on the subject seemed to disap-
prove of any proposition of the kind.
After some further conversation the resolution was
agreed to.
The following votes were then agreed to : —140,418/. for
the contingencies of the Military and Ordnance service of
Great Britain and Ireland, and the Colonies. 125,000/. for
the expense of stores-, for the Ordnance and Military service
of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Colonies.
3,1791. for services performed by the office of Ordnance,
and not brovided for by Parliament.
166,9691. for superannuation and reduced allowances for
art ficers and labourers, and for the widows of civil officers
and of artificers and labourers in the departments of the Ord-
n :nee and barracks.
262,2981. for the Commissariat Supplies of Great Britain,
Ir laud, and the Colonies.--Agreed to.
The next item was 80,280/. for defraying the charges of
the Yeomanry and other volunteer corps for 1
8 3 9 .
Mr. H Ual'E would certainly take the sense of the House
against this vote. He had been the agent employed to present
•several petitions complaining of the parttsavi character of these
corps, and calling fur and preb.rring the use of regular troops in
•ca,,e of riot. He recollected that during the Lansdowne Adad
nietration it was proposed by Government to abolish this force,
an 1 since that time some corps had been disbanded and some
nhsgyh
oitihuoaltdt 1,1 ahbveee
tahi et clnasos_
being
a Gar .
Gentle-
men trldl
tei
retained ; but he wished to have a reason for this.—( Hear.) If
ssw,:,a,lll
ce,G,SYfr
poe
srpe,
nani
noe
(nci
tsbis,
eaalrtieea•
haolplerde disbanded,t
men would. vote for its continuance. To show the feelings
which animated the yeomanry he would take leave to read to
the House a letter from Lord Sondes, who was Major in one
of these corps. [The Hon. Member read an extract from
Lord Sondes' letter, the substance of which was to inform
the cot ps of the probability of their being disbanded, and de-
claring the willingness of the writer to prove his attachment
to the Throne by serving her Majesty, but at the same time
I is determination not to remain subject to the caprices of the
present Administration. j—( Cheers.) Hon. Members cheered
this ; he had formerly thought they were the opinions of an
individual, but it appeared cow that. lion. Members thought
volunteer corps were to be enrolled to support certain opi-
eions.—( No, no.) He would read the rest :—" I have re •
signed the situation of your Major-Commandant, and I would
humbly advise you to do the same rather than wait to be dis-
banded." Here was a proof of the opinion, at least of an in-
d,vidual, that yeomanry corps should only serve her. Majesty
under Ministers of certain opinions.—(No, no.)
An HON. NIENIIIER. whose name we could not learn, bore
testimony to the character of Lord Sondes.
Mr. HUME bego, d to disclaim the slightest personal re-
flection on Lori Suedes, but would ask the Hot,. Member if
he had read his Lordship's letter ?
The HON. MEMBER had, and with perfect satisfaction.—
( Cheers.)
Mr. BENETT believed lie was the oldest yeoman now
alive, having served in that corps for upwards of forty years,
acid he could declare most solemnly that during that forty
years he had not witnessed the slightest appearance of parti-
sanship.—( Hear.) He could speak positively of his own re-
giment, and nearly so of several others. He would certainty
!senent if that force was put down. He believed it to be a
safe, a constitutional force. He spoke as an old Whig in
calling it a safe and constitutional force. —( Hear.) Let them
look to the vote they were opposing—a paltry sum of
80,000/. ; and ever, this, by proper management, might be
ssened one-half. He would take leave to mention a fact
connected with the regiment to which he had the honour to
belong. In 1830 there were serious riots in Wiltshire—riots
of the agricultural population—and these riots were promptly
put down by the yeomanry—(Hear)—almost without blood-
shed, as there was but one death.—( Hear, hear.) On every
ground he would oppose the motion of the Hon. Member for
Kilkenry.
Mr. SANFORI) fully concurred with the Honourable
Member who spoke last. The yeomanry were a useful body,
as was proved by the fact that, in the county of Somerset,
where there was a population of 400,000/.. the peace was
kept without the aid of a single soldier.—( Hear.)
Mr. MILES begged to return his thanks to his colleague
for the handsome manner in which he bore testimony to the
services of the Somersetshire Yeomanry. He would mention
one fact, which was, that the two troops which bad rendered
those important services were to be disbanded.
Mr. WARBURTON would certainly support the motion
of his Non. Friend the Member fcer Kilkenny.—( A laugh.)
So far .from regarding this force as constitutional, he con_
sidered it to be very much of an opposite character.
.31r. WYNN was certainly not of opinion that the interests
of the country would be best consulted by disbanding the
Yeomanry, Some Hon. Members, perhaps, could recollect
the dreadful riots which took place in Birmingham in 1790.
At that time the mob was in possession of the town for a
whole week, the Magistrates were perfectly powerless, and
obliged to degrade themselves by using the most abject
supplications, having no force capable of checking their
fury. The Yeomanry were not then in being, but from
their establishment in the year 1796 there had been in-
finitely fewer riots, notwithstanding all the arts which had
been use 4 at various times to excite the public mind.
The Hon. Member had referred to the reduction of the yeo-
manry proposed in 1826, and seemed to think that it was then
in contemplation to disband the whole force. No such thing
vas ever contemplated. It was not contemplated by Lord
L .ansdowne three years afterwards, nor indeed did it appear
th. It such a notion was even entertained. So far from it, that
Lot al Melbourne, in 71831, saw the necessity of re-embodying
some those who had previously been reduced. The recent
disban tiaeent had been performed with a singular want of judg-
ment. Jt would have been better wholly to reduce the esta-
blishwent I lean to reduce it to a state which rendered it totally
irsealcient, What was the expense of the establishment ? No
encase than 1. it• per man per annum for a force which had been
found so effie ti=nt on all occasions. Where. could any other
a:eans be found pf preserving the peace at so cheap a rate /
(Hear, hear.) ft had been said that when these troops were
raised in 1794, they were only raised for a temporary purpose.
He remembered the period, and he could contradict that as-
settiou, Lord Grenville did not think so, neither did Mr. Pitt,
and See as Lard Spencer who first set the example of raising
A corps;
1\ N ATC HBULL was happy to find that the entire
Sir E.•
Jae yeomanry force had not been contemplated
abolition oaf •t"nr d not help thinking that
oulMinisters had been
but still he
With respect to this measure. Th® Hon. Mem-
badly advise " -
re,orring to the circumstances which had
bet for Brid, - had endeavoured to '
discussed
the discussion
taken at Mrs t 1
.talready been
ti had fully iscussed, and which
of a subject • with regret; but nobody would deny that
all looked 1 ook to
awenanry on that occasion was justifiable
the conduc sof o) Fie could not, there er elsewhere,
( Hear, hea " iwn. them without resisting
such unjust im-
hear aspers dons cast .0
The yeomanry were a most coustitu-
putations.- —( Cheers. )
bib; part, would prefer seeing them
tional force o and he, for
f local nor,disturbances than have
employed i 'se the suppres
„. r
He had heard with
4,reeourse to the regular 9016
le
rfor. is:ember for Wiltshire,pleasure
and
Lie opiesiesto expressed by
the
Sornersesel,re
also of fleet Sion. Member for. • ~, from whom, on
his misfortune to wife:. No I. exp.dna-
one, it was
moseoccas. tin
gthe reasons for the r qluc-
been made stating
tiori,had a Oatas aware that
the Right lion.
tion. tilt economy? Hewr
had .
the Chan( *lto of the Exchehrhedifficult t!isk in bring-
had been
,‘promised in April
ing forms', the Budget,rodwuced, though th
and hael-no yet leen produeed, month had nearly
(Cheers and laughter.) The Noble Lord (J.
Passes! Ilwa) d the establishmentof
a new jurisdiction,
Russell 'Lead: Propose
necessary the creation of County Courts.
whip"' .we ead, render n
reduction. had
• t this that the been made The
Was it to s.,‘' -e
amount c the yeomaar. s reduction was 25,000/, and the Courts I
could not Colt less than 40,000/. When Lord leansdoverie held
the situat ion of the Noble Lord opposite he proposed a similar
measure, and the proposition produced a powerful sensation
throughol it the country. It was but natural that a eimilar re-
suit shoal d follow a similar proposition,
Lord OHN RUSSELL MUlt say, that, respecting the
feeings, to he did, of Hon. Gentlemen on his side of the
House-, as well as of Hun. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House, est' tee might he connected with the Government, and i
admiring t itee zeal and gallantry which they had shown Orl
