SLAVE TRADE.

Lord CASTLEREAGH presented papets relative to the
Slave Trade, comprehending Minutes of the Conferences on
the 'subject between the Plenipotentiaries of the various
powers assembled at Aix-la-Chapelle, several enclosures, &c.
On the motion that the papers should lie on Table,
Mr. WILBERFORCE observed, that they were very role•
tninons,.and that it would be impossible for arty Honourable
Gentleman to make himself master of their contents before
the discussion of to-morrow.

Lord C..711.51LF that the papiii were volu-
minous. He had no objection to postpone his intended ltio-
tion front to-mor'ovit to Friday, and accordingly the Noble
Lord did sopottprine
Mr. SMITH, adverting to the Papers which just been
presented by the Noble Lord, and tothe Conventions which
had been concluded in 1817, between this country and Spain
and this country and Portugal, for the appointmehrof Com-
missioners to be scistiltoutfor the putpose of enforcing the
discontinuance of the Slave Trade;eliked the Noble Lord
whether or nut those respective CoMiniSsioners bad been
established at the various points fixed upoti in the Conven-
tions.

Lord CASTLEREAGH observed, thatthere hail seen three
Conventions concluded of the nature described h;.; the
Gentleman, one with the. Government of the Netherlands,
which had not been proceeded upon, as it had not yet received
the sanction of the Legislature. With respect to the Conven-
tions with Spain and. Portugal, Bills had passed which had
enabled his Mojesty.'s. Government to act on them. They
had followed up all the details of the subject with the utmost
anxiety fur their completion, and although the necessity of
combining their arrangements with the arrangements of fo-
reign powers bad retarded the operation, he had the satisfac-
tion to say, that at a very early period the Commissions would
be in action.

Mr. WILBERFORCE urged expedition. It was a subject
of infinite importance. Every montli's delay consigned two
or three thousand human beings to slavery, and all its mise-
rable consequences.
_

The Malt and Pension Duty Bill was a read a third time
and passed.

TRIAL BY BATTLE.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL; in moving that the Bill for
abolishing Trial by Battle should be committed, remarked,
that be had been accused of introducing this Bill surrepti-
tiously, and of hurrying it through the House. He begged
absolutely to deny the truth of those charges. At the end
of last Session he gave notice of his intention to bring in such
a Bill early in this Session. He had been extremely anxious,
that as this subject had heretofore excited a difference of opi-
nion in this House, the matter should be fully considered. It
was with this view that he had given his notice so early.—
After stating this, he hoped the House would acquit him of
any intention of bringing in the Bill surreptitiously. It was
his intention to introduce several verbal amendments in the
Bill. But in the Committee he intended to introduce a sub-
stantive amendment. A doubt had arisen, whether appeal
in cases of treason existed. He thetefore intended to intro-
duce a clause expressly repealing the Appeal for Treason.
Sir F. BURDET'I' said, he meant to submit some amend-
ments to this Bill in the Committee. It appeared to him to
be a great hardship fur a man to be tried twice for the same,
offence. Instead of thinking that the Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman opposite had hurried the Bill, he had thought it had
not been brought forward soon enough. He did not approve
of abolishing appeal in cases of Treason, for be thought it
would tend to increase the influence of the Crown.

Sir JAMES tIACKINTO4H had not thought it necessary
to trespass on the attention of the House on the subject of
this Bill, for he anticipated no Ajection to a measure so
reasonable and so necessary. But with respect to what had
fallen from the Hon. Baronet, he avowed himself at a loss
to know how appeal in cases of treason could he preserved
without preserving the principle of patting a man twice upon
his trial for the same offence-*a thing inconsistent with huma-
nity and justice.

'the Bill was then committed, and the Report received and
ordered to be taken into further consideration this day week.

CHIMNEY-SWEEPS' REGULATION I3ILL:

After a few words from Mr OMMANNEY and Mr. BEN-
NET, this Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed on Wednesday.
USURY LAWS.

Mr. Serjeant ONSLOW moved the second reading of the
Usury Laws' Repeal Bill.
Mr. CALCRAFT said he did not intend to trouble the
House with objections to this Bill in its present stage, as he
understood he should have an opportunity of doing so on the
bringing up of the Report.
M. PROTHEROE thought that if the House agreed to
pass this Bill, it would be too bold an experiment.
The Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted on ‘Vettoesday, on the understanding that the Report
should be brought uo on Thursday.
On the motion of Sir JOHN NEWPORT, there were or-
dered to he laid before the House certain Accounts relative
to the expcnces of collecting the Revenue in Ireland.
MR. BARON M'CLELLAND.
Mr. MARTIN (of Galway} rose to move for certain
Papers relative to a prosecution for perjury in Ireland..—ln
1815, a true Bill was flund by the Grand Jury of Galway
against Edward Burke for perjury. The trial was appointed
to come on at the next. Assizes,__ but was postponed on ac-
count of a representation by Burke, that a person who was
a material witness was absent. He (Mr. Martin) was the
prosecutor, and at the next Assizes, when the trial was called
on, he was under the necessity of moving 'that it should
be postponed on account of the illness of Mr. Connis, a ma-
terial witness. But Mr. Baron M'Clelland refused the ap-
plication, because his (Mr. Martin's) affidavit did not
state that he had seen Mr. Connis and only alleged his be-
lief that he was too ill to attend. On this an affidavit was
procured from the Physician, which expressly stated that the
witness could not attend on account of illness. Notwith-
standing this, Mr. Baron M'Clelland determined against his
(Mr. Martin's) application to postpone the trial. This be
considered an outrageous determination.—(Laughter.)—He
concluded by moving for a copy of the indictment against
Burke, and the proceedings had thereon.

_ .
On the suggestion of Lord CASTLEREAGH and Mr.
WYNNE, the motion was withdrawn, till the Chief Secretary
for Ireland could attend in his place.—Adjourned.

PROTESTANT MEETING.

DtjBLIN, Fea. 12.—Yesterday (porsnant to
Requisition) a numerous Meeting took place
at the Rotunda, of the Protestant Freemen,
Freeholders and Householders of this City,
to take into consideration the propriety of peti-
tioning the Legislature to grant to his Majesty's
faithful subjects, the Roman Catholics of Ireland,
an equal participation of the privileges of our
free Constitutions—The Petition was agreed to.

We received this morning five days' Paris Pa-
pers, to Saturday last incluSive. The following

are extracts

f 4 CHAMBER OF ,DEPtTiES.

" SITTING OP MONDAY, FEB. B'.

" AT. Roy reported flora the Cotrunit!ce re-
specting the projet relative to the manufacture of
Saltpetre, and the sale of Gunpowder, approving
of the projet, with some amendments, tending to
reconcile the interests of property with those of
the public service.

" The. President proposed to adjourn the dis-
cussion till Thursday.
" M. deChauvelin and others wanted a longer

adjournment.

" Tl,e Chamber fixed Thursday, subject to
alteration, when the report was printed and dis-

tributed.

" M. Ganiih reported from the Committee on
the projet
,respecting the commencement of (be
financial year, in favour of the projet.
" The President proposed Thursday for open-

ing the discussion.
M. de Chauvelin moved to adjourn the dis-
cussidn till Saturday.
" After a warm debate this motion was nega-
tived.

It was then agreed to open the disctission on

Friday.

" THURSDAY, FRI. 11.—No Sitting.

" FRIDAY, Fes. 12.—A Resolution of the
Chamber of Peers was communicated for praying
the King to propose a projet for the abolition of
the Droit d'Aubaine.—Ordered to be printed and
distributed.

" The discussion' was opened on the projet re•
specting the commencement of the financial
year.

" It was opposed by M. Le Graverend, sup-
ported
,by M. Ponsard, and objected to by the
Duke de Gaete. After hearing also MM. Du-
vergier de Hauranne, Mestadier, and Beugnot,
the discussion was adjourned' till to-morrow.

" The Chamber resolved itself into a Secret
Committee, to hear a proposition made by M. de
Lafayette, for an bumble Address to the King,
praying his Majesty to convoke the Electoral
Colleges of the Departments whose deputations
are incomplete.
" One of his Majesty's Ministers stated, that
arrangements had been made for this purpose, but
the Convocation bad been delayed, in conse-
quence of the time necessary for the formation of
lists of Electors.

ROYAL ORDONNANCE.
." Louis, &c."—Tlip prohibition in our (Mon-

mince of the 3,1 August,
1513,
exportation of grain, &c. by the sea and 13.121
frontiers, is taken off, so far as relates to M 41,1
e'
and Millet, in the Departments of La Gironu
Haute's PYrenees'
Landes, Basses Pyrenees,
Haute Garonne, Atiege, Pyren6es Orientate',
Aude, and H6rault.
" Dated 27th Jan. :819. (Signed) "
(Countersigned) " The Count DECAZP'
(gie,gripicaLrtaodiuli.vie)sb.,.lB::.l-8191:he. prohibition
to potatog
tinned) is taken off with regard
bore.)
(signed and countersigned as a
" PARts, Fen. 13.—The King yesterday trid I a
acted business v.,ith the Keeper of the Seals, a°
the Marquis Dessolles.
" The Duke of Gloucester was present 'yestefi
day the Chamber Of Deputies. His "a
above-nteo;
Highness sat in the tribune of the corps diPigi

machine.
tr
" It was repotted yesterday that Pepe - ids at
had died at Rome ; but the rumour doei oc't r-
tipon any authority. Some accounts sssr; til o
the health of his HOliness was re-establisbeJ•
" The King had a slight attack of the g°llt ra
the knee on Thursday night,
04
" The projet of law respecting the Press 11
the Journals will, it is said, he presented t°l
if
Chamber of Deputies on Wednesday nett'
added, that by this projet the Journals vivill
freed froui the censorship.
•'•0 The 'Count d'Acros, Sub.prefect of Tilitl•
vibe,
is appointed Prefect of the Depart
Finisterre, in the room of 11.1,,deCinti6,

et! Prefect of Dordogne.

" M. Finot, formerly Prefect of Mont 131810'
s appointed Prefect of Correze, in the r°°ll3

loCi

M. Armand d'llabancourt. St
" M. Angellier is appointed Prefect of ilf"e
and M. Jehan de Belleville Prefect of 145ute,
Pyr4[l6es. "
The Duke de CaA:
mbacelras sets out inO

diately for Brussels. ddeti
" A Report is in circulation of. the s'
of
death of the Duchess of Lucca, 'late Wee°
Etruria, but it wants confirmation. be
" Generals Maranzin and Sault are saio
set
placed on the list.of superior Officers active
vice.
The Duke of Gloucester dined on A-f°lin
with the King. tit

t '
" The Prince of the Peace i 4
s about -°
Rome, rise

•
" T P"he Duke of Gloucester is about to quit biti.
" Charles, IV. of Spain, died not at 11.001‘:1)10.1
at Naples, the 19th tilt. His disorder'
lasted seven days, vas the &out, which tISC-
to the stomach.

FIVE PER CENTS.
Monday
Tuesday 7O f. 40 C.
Wednesday 7Ol. 40e.
Thursday 70 1. 30 c•
Friday 7O f. 10 C•
'
DEFERRED STOCK. Frio;,4
1817. Monijay. Tues. Wednes. Thum a,4f, 4,
March 22--P4 f. 10 c. 84 f. sc. 84f. Sc. 841. --- .7;04.
April 2.-9.i.'f. 10. c. 82f. Sc. 82f. Sc. 821. •f''
1818.
~,f, 456'
March 22-80 f. 10c. 30 f. sc. 801. se. 801. -- 'l',/, 60g:
Sept. 22-76 f. 78 f. --78 f. 20c. 771. 75c. ' . .40
" VIRNNA, JAN. 29. ar,-
The Duchess O.
is expected at Vet ice, and to accompany the

peror and Empress of Austria to Forence• be
COBLENTZ, FEB. 2.—An association bog .
formed at Treves, for the estahlishment DE

lorry in the United States of America.
04
" STOCKHOLM 4 , J.N.JAN. 25.--The King 6
fined to his apartments by indisposition."
,
As we have given in our last page fiiis
copious Report of the Proceedings of Yester'aite
at the Hustings in Covent-garden, we refer -00
Readers to that account, just adding, 89
do with much pleasure, and from rics! 10
thority, that the higher order of Elect
,es
of Westminster are at length roused fool tie
lethargy, and have determined to rescue
City from the disgrace of a illob-Represela'l
01,,
by resolutely supporting the cause of Mr. 114
who, though not an Advocate for Ministers,
decidedly a Friend to TRH CONSTITUTION, lin'',
course, is widely separated from the jofriii°o
herd of Radical Reformers, who want to gictoa
this Country all the scenes of the French
lution,

WESTAI INSTEP.. ELECTION. 4
DXDAB,' .
St A'S'E OF' THE POLL AT ONR O'CLOCK Tll ,7 -
_ . 1
J. C. 110B110USR, ESQ. -
396
The I-Jon. G. LAMB .. - 2250
Major CARTWRIGHT ..

STATE OP THE POLL AT ITS CLOSE THIS DAY'

Hontiousz 469

LAMB - 350

CARTWRiGiI

It is hardly necessary for ns to repeat °"r
ile4
commendation of the admirable series of t‘rb-11.
on the Catholic Claims, under the head of bibilet
CIPATION EXPLAINED, &C. which We coltioe
this day, as it sufficiently speaks for itself' pe'
Author evidently vievrs human nature with °;
i e
netrating eye, tracing all its involutions
lc"
philosophic spirit, and with a profound ko°w

Lut lan('

0

,ironde'

yrenee"

LoU(S.

potat°g"

ab of e'i

y trii°°#
and

Irestef
goys'
, dipw

. II
us ,1 t

lot re"
Y; ti°
,out 41

99 813C1,

to tlie
It is

sill 116

rbiovf
oat

poilw

oanes
100

Rodes'
late.

oliri°

od4e4i
eel'

b
toe

e Or'

obi

0 gait

Paris:a
b
c,nat4

s‘'
4
I. 46C.

f. 45c,
'l. e°':

slll'

bees
Ca'

Co'

Isy' ~
ef~ip!

1"#

tfie'

(belt

atirt,

01111"
I, ii
i
Id, °

woo.

is
ct

11)Xi •

,r itstic

00'

t;
11/16
Pe'
Ph 6,

Gfthe itill,jeet in alsCnttiOn. We,
much intiebte therefore, feel
CI hiM for the preference which
hehas given to Sof:, as we may confidently
his kV, that no classes of the community can read
production's ni.ithout deriving benefit from the
tieruszt.

Gast
arriv India Papers to the 3d of October have
froed. They confirm our former intelligence
;m Ceylon of the capture of the Pretender and
frlSecTi.inister, which held
,produced the must happy
thand we are in hopes .that the next ad vices
at quarter will enable us to announce the
,ntire suppression of the rebellion, he CalcuttO
,Gertzegfe of the 3d September contikins the follow-
ing art left
, .
On the evening of thr 28th July, a detachment of the
iopotana force stormed and took, with flute loss, the town
!ind outworks of Madhoorapnor, the place which Mer Khan
O°lten attacked in rain. The Thakoor
and his people had
attired into the fort, Which was not eipected to hOld out
Lo

13°31a4Y.---The cholera morbus still c"ontinUes to rake
11("1" us, but We arc happy to learn that it has decreased
6ider4lY during the last few days.' The number of deaths
I°4l 17th to 31st August, by this disease on the island of
~11)11ThaY is, males 311 ; females 226; total 537. The number
..u,rde4tllB) from other causes, during the last mouth, is 6:34,
""tkint 1171, total of deaths in Ang•ust.
