MA Far MONY.

_NO Disorders }rave coniributed more essen-
tially
.to destroy Hymeneal Happiness titan those
which are the consequence of unguarded pleasure. People
of every rank pay tiduration to the shriue of tVedluel; -not
where the Constitution hashdeen taintd by Disease, a renta-
eationa stability is indispensably requisite.
• • Tent}' years have.we ihvoted our practice to the exchisire
treattOent cn Ott" followibi; Disorders ; and the successful
' result of our limn gives 'us additional ardour to (*pose, as tir
as we are able, the ravages of those Complaints, which all the
important io the catalogoe of Hainan. Infirmities.
Tin Disth,n, to the ease of Which we ha.re devoted our
attention, comprise, every species of Venereal Infection;
kinds of Dehility, whether arising from the habits of 'school-
boys, or the indhlgeoces'bf waterer ago;, that derangenient
of the, system'io jitfonien; which is called llaacnness Sfeii-:
lity; Setnitml Weakne.ss, Gleets,OhstrUctions in the Urethra:
as ids° strictures, whether rcceut or of long duration, and
which have hafiled the shill of otht•r Practitioners'„ are by our
present •intkoved plan of treatment ellecti,:atly out pernia-
_nently cured, without the. Patient suffering the excruciating
._pain and aiaraiing hemorrhage which frequently follows the
application of titelurnir caustic. lit the course of our exteo-
practicie in this Metropolis, inimerous cases Of Strictures.
have been and are ,tatty under our care, the total eradication
I Of, Which is effected a safe, certain, alld eNpCilitibllS.lllode
of Oure, siiperiorto ai:y other it adopted. l'lte weakness,
relaxation, and dehilitj, proceeding frUnt this complaint, are
tkpeOill removed, .and the patient restored to ;sound and vi-
:.,gorousite,..lo. 114 where the Alehility his for, .cars existed,
a prober perseverance in our rc,toraliye remedies is italispen-
sably re4ptisite,-to reeive the slumbering sparks uflife, and to
re,aniawe the constitution. .
Numerous Oibeases are the ,result of ignorance orhastc in
the treatment of a sinyte Ctittortitcca; and not u,iire-
quently-happens thafthe seeds of lite are poisoned; by the in-
discretion of alt.unguarded hour. By a superior ruettiod,,suLli
..rouiplaints are .easily .cured ; and even where others have
failed, we trust that we may preS'inite to "offer a 'radical,esta-,
. .
• Few,, owever, are .the ~cmtes of complicat ed, distress of this
disorder, compared with' the calaniinius situation of men,"
who, from au ittdidgence its a solitary Vice, or Die prevalent
oietiys of a fashiunablre life, 'aegaire that sta's,st..4
wktiat istk-unztvliid?tble consequence of such pernicious ha-
bits. Where the itu'.utpity sufferer broods over his misery,
lit weefory CoUcealS fits niiSfrirtone, it. `:nay be soino con-
,sedation for t,i know, that althouch it tie an utiject of
doubt sir tweertiiiuty.witit other laractitioiturs„the removal of
thesedcficieneies, by the gradual progress tit itenovation,is
.the acquirement trf our iterience. If the rites of Liac..:llo3
or Vedits•haeeigriu'to iAnce manly' vigour; Much anxiety
win be prevented by an eat ly counteraction' of this languid
atate-,,antlitt.those eitlet Croat ditiicrrttv,.citi occur,
• • PztrieStscih the coarttr:. attc reiptested to stiii,e,the partici;
lars'of their _ca•c, age;*.attil netal habit of living; a:nl ~t•••
'closing a reinittan'ze ii'dvice -and medicines, p!ten the .
lame will lie given or Sept to any wilt of the kingdom.
OURLUE Sard‘ouS, No. 107, Hatta;u-zarden.

•

~~.

If ever there was a, day when the steady ad-
herents to the Principles of Mr . PITT had a-righi
to rejoice ; if ever there anwas- occasion on which
even extravagance, Of triumph were allowable
those wilo, standing steadfastly on _the' ground
marked'ont by him as the:truly British Position,
and manfully maintaining, the pOst at whiCh he
died, have at last- seen their glorious struggle
crowned with a perfect victorylif ever the-pro-
fessors of any-political opinion had cause ti 3 extilt
amt:to gratulate Other on the share'they
had borne in saving a world from degradadmiabd
slavery,--thus to rejoice, triumph, ex.tils, and e;-
pal:A in 'mutual gratulation, did well become the
Friends. of that immortal Patriot., and the-Snp_
porters of his measures, '‘'ltry Met on .SseUrdity
throughout the country to celebrate his.Birth,amt
ply a tribute to his Memory. Surely,Aajinger'of
Providence was there. Surely a Power far siiiierlor
to mortal has thus clearly demonstrated to' man-
kind, that perseverance in a good cause will
nrAtely prevail, and that' despair in a nation, as , in
an individual, is as criminal as it is cowardly.
And this auspicion4 day ,was, we haVe reason.to
believe, a day which will be to the end of Time
memorable in_ the annals of 'the human race
—memorable as the. era of the pacification of.
orosp-e—memorable, above as the end and
COil3llMlll/16011 of ,the system of Mr. PITT, which
preserved his own country •atuid the wreck '
of nations, and has now finagY rescued the Con-
tinent from the darkness of• barbarism And 'the

•
chains Of (oppression. •
The School of PITT have fought the good
1. •
fight—agai»st crime and mighty power abroad,
and against faction, and fals,ehood, and
home. B 4 the grandeur of thelobject they had
in, view rethlered then fearless of the d'angers
threatened by the one, and regardless of the
Ininoies lavished by the other. Firmly aaA in-
trepidly they ifeld au .their course—they have
reached the goal—and the meanest of (heat all is,
entitled to assume his proud station ainnit„; the
victors, decorated at once with the resplethletit
Laurel of Glory, and the lovelier Olive of Peace:
Elevated by these noble sentiments, and exalted
by the cordial reciprocity of feelings which
and patriotic bosoms Can alone taste and Commit-
nicatecheered to tise pinnacle of human p)cl-
; sure by the great success which has rewarded all
their exertions, the Meeting of the PITT CLtut in
London was one which would beggai tr•scrip-
tioti, were we to attempt to give an idea of the
harmony, the joy, the graticude to .the, Almighty
Dis.poser•ofEyents, which reigned throughout-this
happy assemblage. We must, leave it to imagi-
nation to paint a scene. of tut,iversal, and•uninter-
rupted, and excessive:pleasure. •
.The followhig -is
an outline of the proceedings.:—
The' grand triennial coMmentotation of the
birth of Mr. TIIIT ',WAS observed at Merchant
Taylors' Hall. As ar'g-i:t • be' expected, the 'at-
tendance Wits both nTnerous-riod splendid.
The cloth' removed, and N0.:2 ,Pubis sung, tile
following to:isi"s were _given with ft cc .times
theee, and -succeeded by the glees, .:(kt. iti. the
order in which'tley stand - •
. The Kinz.—"•God save the King."
_ The Priave Ateltent:--=‘ Hail! Star of Brtinsivick." :
.V.rhodoritur thii.l,hri timiinened."
The 0,1,,e of York and -the other Branches .of the :Royal
.nnnily.-.," 0 Likerl v, thou ;loddess briOlt."
The.birke (It Iticitgosip, iII rishig to propose
‘' the' immortal mieniory of Mr. !'ITT," ,vets sen-
! siblee that no lar'iguagepf his could -heighten
feelings Of cut husiastn with which this • toast
would he received. His 0-dy reason tor troubling
the assembly with one word on 'the. subject, \•,'a
to notice the change intended to he titade in thy:
wanner of drinking it. It liad been 11,1111
drink it in solemn silence ; it was noW proposed
to give :it with three times three. This c!!ah:?,-e
ltati been suggested by the Stewards, as it wits
thought the present state of Europe justified such,
an rxpress:on of joy when drink log. to the: me-
! wry of him to whom the world owed so notch:
• The immortal memory of the late Right Hon. William 'Pitt
(with three times three);
The toast was Brunk with three times three. it
was' received •‘i•-itli• kiud and • eapturous ;acclama-
tions, Which Wert contiiiiied for near! ten Minutes.
Glee,' " Pitt's illusfi loos ?acne." . -
• 'roc Navy and Arany oftht United Kingdom .—" Role Bri-
tann 'a."
TJe [louse of Brunswick, and may they never forge- the
principles Which-seated:them on the throne of these real s..
The King and the Church."
I'he,Prote,.3tant Ascendancy.-,-" Hail, happy Albion, Queen
of-Isles.", • - ' • , ,
Tn.e Ministers of the Prince Ragent.--- The lily'and
At This toast was drunk with abundai:t ;appLuse, •
T-rifich was continued till (tile, Veince Regent!S
Ministers present standing up) - •
Lord LIVERPOOL, in their name, begged to re-
turn thanks for tote honour theyhad just received.
The principles and policy of Mr. PITT toici ever
bten their.gpide, arid tlo.:.chief rule of then et:in-
duct. Tlie7asseakbl4- had now before the the
