BANK CAMAL

On the Motion of the CUANCELLOR of the Ex-
tor the third reading of the Batik Ca-
pital
Mi. OHENFRI,L said, it was impossible for him
to suffer this Bill, to pass without again calling
the 01 tent ion, of the house to the enornunts profits
which the Bank had been. making frdm the Public
for the last nineteen years. The Bonus proposed
to be divided amongsethe 'Proprietors amounted

to ,910,(001. and Was equivalent to a fun) in.
Bank 'top, of 6,200,0001. a profit unprecedented
in any of • our former commercial transactions.
This ciretnstance.proved the truth. of all the oh-0
seryations he had made respecting the immoderate
and unditeitietensions of this wealthy association,
The lion. Oentletnaa-then repeated many of his
former argtiments reSpecting the saving effected
for the public by the alteration in the Stamp'Act,
which this year amounted. to between 30 and
4010001. and %t iicb, with the accommodation of
franting the .I.;:tan threo per cent. interest,
proflncc 1 saving to the Public ot 150,00C1.
-Rnt .the oublic mind were now tooli` la I in-
it,rweci to attribute dais sAvnig to any liteta.

lity on' the • part of the Bank. In 1.797, du
Ilatsit, after having been in existence fora cen-
tury, was possessed of a solidus of 3,800,0001,
with which it started in its new and unparalleled
speculations. lit additiOn to their annual divi-
dends of 71 per cent., the Proprietors of Bank
Stock had received, in homages anctincreates, not
less than.6l per cent. It was now proposed togive
them an addition' of 2,900,0001. Capittil Stock,
which was equivalent to a sum of 8;400,0001.
more ; and these two aggrevites of profit amount-
ed together to 13.500,00 W. But this was not
all, for, in addition firth's profit actually realized,
as shewn by tho nuinctous accoonts and paper 3
on the table, there muSt'still remain behind art
:enormous mass of profit not yet divided. At pre-
sent, notwithstanding this ticcumniation amounted
to 13:000,0001., ill( Stock was 100 per cent.
higher titan it was ill 1797 : therefbre the.capital
"had been improved to the amount of 21,320,09,11.
over and above what the Proprietors received.
every year. The profits during"the last nineteen
yearsowere, in fact, seven times as much as they
had been at any former period, and they arose
from the beneficial contracts made with Govern-
nem ; it therefore fultowed, that the tents of
their public business must be proportionately slis-
advantageons to the public. The profits had gone
on increasing, in proportion as the difficulties of
the country had augmented, as every loan, by the
charges•for its management, haXhad a tentiency to
,increase these profits. There was another eonsi-
'deration that had not yet been advetted to, which
tias, that a considerable portion of these profit's
'Went into the pockets of foreigners, such as Hol-
land and America. It appeared that the whole.
number of proprietors of Bank Stock did not
amount to more titan ,2200 or 2300, and it would
be found, that out of these, not less than one-
tenth part were foreigners, so that one-tenth part
of the profits must necessarily be sent abroad and
be lost to the country. Such a profit as that of
twenty-one millions in nineteen years, was
unparalleled in any other undertaking, and
the only manufacture witch br -knew oc, that
it went to support, was that of the paper for the
notes, which Government, as he, thought, had al-'
lowed them to carry on to an improper extent...
He did not blame the Directors for this enormous
advantage they had gained, as much as he hi inlet!
the GovernMent of the country for allotVing them
to make it, by not having proved themselves' to be
a match .for the'Bank of England, 'who would
naturally, make, the best bargains they could for
the Propriefors. This Was what he 'wanted the
Public to be aware of ; and. on these gamy's- he
contended it was the duty of Governtnent to make
a better bargain for the Public,. , The bo'nosses
not, to be given to the Proprietors of Bank Stock,
afforded a complete proof of all.he had said. on
this subject on former occasions, and till it was '
radically reformed; he pledged himself never to
give it up ; as it was, it could not,be denied to be
highly buttribus to the Public. •
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER defended
the' Bill. Ile had proved that a direct profit had
accrued to the public 'by time late regulations, to
the amount of 150,0001. a-year. With respect
to the arrangement now submitted to the [louse,
titel.ititik and the public had made one common
cause. In this transaction the Bank made no
profit whatever, but on the contrary, had made a
considerable sacrifice. The Batik having in its
possession a considerable surplus, profit over which
Parliament bad no controut, had made au ar-
rangetnent 'to lend this money to the public, on
the conditions 'with which the House were
al-
rett,cly acquainted ; and he thought the Hon. Gen-
tleman had not any one tetrible ground of objec-
tion against the measure in question.' "
Mr Grteti,Ftst.t., in explanation, said he had
made no objection whatever to 'the arrangement ;
on the contrary, be had aS:serted it to be one that
wits advantagootis to rite public. He had only,
started-facts, that showed the'enormotts profits of
the Bank, which had enabled them to make it.
Mr. PONSONEY observed, that the House must
now see what was the,real sititmution of that great
Comparry. They were, proved to be more than,
double atm rich as they were 20 years ago, and be
wonld,say‘ that time public bad a right to look to
other succours (run) the Bonk of England, than
those they had already received. He wished to
knuw whether the Right Hon. Gentleman intend-
ca to avail himself of any advantage from the
Bank of Ireland, on the renewal of its charter,.
at; he was sure that Company'were in a competent
condition to afford it.

Lord• A.' HAMILTON Wifilled to know, if the
Right Hon. Gentleman could controvert anv one
of the (acts stated by his Hon. Friend (Mr. Oren-
fell) ? As this could not be done, it was clear
that the most auspicious motßent for the resunip,
tion of Bank payments had been let slip this es-
sion. He therefOre called on the House to inter,
pose, to prevent the Bank from dividing any fu-
titre profits amongst the Proprietors of Bank
Stock, till that Act be repealed. With this view
he should propose a clause, proVidiug that any,
profits they might mite as limk Proprieturi, in
future, ti !mulct not he divided, but remain as a se-
curity for their creditors.

The clause being handed to the chair, was read
a tirst time.

Alter some observations from Mr. Brougham
in support of the clause, at►rl Mr. Grenfell, it %vas
negatived!, and the Bill passed.

• TREATY WITH ALGIERS.
Mr. BrtouonAst rose, pursuant to the notice
which he had given, to endeavour to obtain a copy
of the Treaty concluded by Lord Exmouth in the
name of the Neapolitan Government with the
.ley of Algiers. Lie reproved 'the terms on which
it, was understood the Treaty had been made, and
thought that it the country had sanctioned them
with its authority, a great stain must be fixed to
her character, and consequences inji,trious to her
reputation and !union'. could not fail to arise from
such an arrangemant. That Treaty acknowledged
the right of depredation exercised by the barba-
rips, by providing a ransom for the slaves whom
tlfey bad matte prisoners. tie unileistood that the
Algerincs, dissatisfied with their Dey for having li-
mited their spheie ot plunder, had been only pacified
by an assurance from their Government, t hat
though they ini:4ht not cruise against Neapolit.in
nubjcerg, thtbre stiil tea; re %tide field open to their
enterpriw. The Itonikrn,States bdd felt the effect
of this new direction given .to their riracies/ lie

, .
t herr tlest;tibed the wretched state of the- prisonero
taken by the Algerines. In ode case, out of 30
prisoners, ZiO had died out of ill treatment, the
first day of their arrival, and 70 during the first
fortnight. The rest were kept in, the Most miserable
and situation, havingonlyoue pound of bt eadar day,
subject to the lush from !Paining till night. No
age tool no sex was spared. A Neapolitan Lady
of distinction , carried off with 8 children, 6 of whom
still survived, had lately been seen by a British
Officer, in the 13111 year of her captivity: On
these grounds, and that it should be seen we Aid
not countenance such proceedings, it was neces-
sary to ascertain what, Use we had made at our in-
fluence the :late negociations. Hs.concluded
hy moving, that an Address be presented to the
Prince Regent, requesting him to order, that
there be laid before the House; Copies of any
Treaty coneltuled with the Dry of Algiers, tinder
the sanction and mediation of the British Admiral
in the Mediterranean, and of all Correspondence
on the subject.
Lord CASTLRREAGH said, that his Majesty's
Government were only in possession of .part of the
llocunonits-moved tor, as the negociations were
not yet terminated. When the whole should be
completed, there would be no difficulty in:produc-
ing the papers to the. House ; and it would be
seen that every principle of justice anti policy bad
been carefully attended to. ,He should object to
the motioit at present, merely on the ground that
he did not wish to give partial information on
such a shbjeCt. He should, however, state, that
the cnose of huminity had been materially ad-,
vanced by the negociations which had been car-
ried on, as it was for the first time agreed to by
the Dry of Algiers, that captives should be con. 7
sidered and treated on the Eoropean footing as
prisoners of war, and set at liberty at the couclu-
sion of every peace.
Sir T. ACLAND stated, that it Was the bounden
duty of this country to use ad her exertions and
power, consistently with due prudeuce, t.iwards
ridding the world of this horrible and infamous
slavery. Out; Conduct in one fait of the world,
contrasted with whlat we were said to suffer in the
other,. Avciuld leave a stigma upon us, which it
would he most painful to bear.
Mr. W. SMITH reproved our suffering a nest of
pirates to exist its the Centre of the The
Treaties which we had hitherto made with thoie
-barbariaus, eausisted' of little more,tlsau seuding.
them presents:, to induce, them to suspend their
depredations. lie thought that the great oppor7
itv of freeing„the world front those pirates had
beeti lost last year in the 'Congress. He hoped
that every means would be adopted to put them
down, and that no Treaty would be entered into
to recognise, even by implication, the pretended
right Of the Algerines to plunder.
Lord,ConntiANE contended, that two sail of the
line would have been sufficient to compel rite Day
of Algiers to accede to any terms. The ,city of
Algiers was on the sea share, the water was deep
enough for first rates to come, up to the very walls,
.ittof those were mounted only with, a few pieees of
cannon, with the use of which, the barbarians
were scarcely. at';quainted. He then described,
front his own observation, the horrid state of men
of education and fortune, as well as tither classeS,
dragged from their owli country, and compelled,
hy the Inshoo perform, in the intensity of the
sun, labours
.for which nueut were almost incom-
petePt.- That 'state of slavery, he maintained,
might be put down at once, _by the energies of
this pariah and the fiat of his Majesty's Ministers.
The Han. Mr. WAnD said, that 'whenever a
favourable agportunity arose, ti4S country should
interfere to Fr,eserve her honour and reputation,
as well as from motives of humanity..
Mr, BROUGHAM was glad he had brought the
subject before the House, as it bad elicited an
universal expreSsiOn of the detestation with which.
the Algerine piracies were viewed. With his No-
ble Friend (Lord Cochrane) lie thought that the
only way to abcilish .at once those. enormities, was
not to send an Ambassador to theDey of Algiers,
bot an Officer, with two sail of the line, to
threaten to burn and destroy his city and his ves-
sels, if he did not relinquish all his claims to the
present infamous system. He admitted the strength
of the Noble Lard's objection to producing the
papers at present, as the negociations were not
closed. But it' a single article of the Treaty
(should it have ben concluded) should be broken
by the Algerines„he trusted that no amicable ex-
planation would be received, but that ships would
be sent to carry justice, puoishmeut, and even
vengeance, to the shores of Algiers. He then
withdrew his motion.

All. BANKES brought in tile Rogues and Vaga-
bonds' Bill ; read a first time, and ordeled fur a
second reading to-morrow.

SUPPLIES.

The Report of ,the Committee of Supply was
thew brought up.
On the Resolution for .granting 300,0001. to
Portugal as a compensation for the capture of
Portguese vessel being read,
A conversation arose between Mr. liarham, wha
opposed it, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
Mr. Gordon', Mr. Lockhart, Ma: Wilberforce, and
Mr. W. Smith, at the end ot which the Resirlu
tion was agreed.to. The other Resolutions were
then agreed to, and Bills ordered accordingly.
The CirAbiCELLOR of the EXCHEQUeII brought
in Bills for granting certain sums put of the Con-
solif:ated Fund, for the service of the year, for
allowing
,the'Exportation of Machinery, for Re-
plating the Trade in Spirits between Great Bri-
tain and Ireland, and for allowing Drawbacks on
the Duties on Coals. Read a first rime, and
&sed for a second reading 40-morrow.
Mr. BRooDEN brought in the Leather Draw-
backs Bill. Read a first time, and ordered fur a
second reading to-morrow. •

The Sktige-coach Bill passed through .11Com-
tuittee ; and atter a long conversation, in which
the Attorney-General, Mr. Davies Giddy, Mr.
Wrottesley, Mr.- Shaw Lefevre, and Mr. Lock-
hart partook, %winos clanses were elided to it,
and the report %YEW• ordered to be received to.
morrow.---The Surrogates' Bill teas ordered to be
read a third time to-niorrow.---,4, report of the
Committee on the Oil and Blubber Ditty was re-
ceived, and a Bill ordered to he brunt in ae-
corilinilly,--The Ripe Cake Bill was .committed;
report to-tpdrrow.—'.tut Navy Pax Bill was read
a second time. , Ordered 'to be committed to.

4‘.
niorrow.—New Street Bill committed; report to.

11101 TOW
A Report of a Committee of Ways and Meant
with resnect_to duties on butter, &r. was rteeived,
and a Bill ordered to be brought in.. ,
The House went into a Committee on- titeSpiru
Intercourse Act. Report to-morrow
The Report of the Scotch Distillery Bill net
brought up and agreed to.—The Smuggling Bill
was reported : 3d reading to-morrow.--The. De.
marara Trade Bill was connitted.—The Reports
of the South Sea Trade Bill, the Silk Bounty Btlh
and the Rape-seed Bill, were brought up and
-agreed to. Ordered'to be read a third time to.
Jnorrove.
In a Committee on the Spirit License Act, 60
CHANCELLOR of the Excueouga moved a Resod
lotion, that the duties upon licenses for retailing
spirits,' beer, and ale, be repealed ; and that there
be charged on every license a duty of 21..25.i Pm-
vided the house. in which such spirits',' beer, and
ale are sold, is not rented above 151.; ,and 51. ss,
on every license, the rental of • the house beitg
above 151. Report to-morrow.
The Insolvent Debtors' Detention Bill was real'
a second time to be committed to-rnorrowt.
The Militia Pay Bill passed through a Cow,
mittee : report to-morrow,--AdjoOrited.
IMPORTANT PARLIAMENTARY FADERS.

(To be continued rertittYl74

STAGE COACHES.

Abstract of the Bill for the more el:Feet-nal prevent
tion of the mischief occasioned by thf.'
Aerate driving of Stage Coaches awl other 13"1""
lie Conveyances.
" Coachmen and others, who by inimoderatel/
driving any stage coach, of shall overtorn ths
same ; or who shall, by fir, iously and irel°"e:
r4ltviy driving, endanger thirrsonid sklittY
,: (f();
any passenger, &c. or who shall co!ntnenct
enter hog) any race Or contest in ppeed mil
other carriage, &c. shell be' liable to be ennlo'4"
ted for any any space of time hot exceeding
months, anti not less t hen ,or ho shall cony
mence any wee, shall be liable, on conviction)"
he imprisoned for a term not exceeding
anti not less than

" Offenders ,against this Act shall not be Pt"
nished by both 'flue end imprisonment.
Prosecution under this Act to be coma eored
within days after the commission of tbs
offence.
" Jpstice of the Pore, &c. may, Ile/
complaint made upon oath, issue his %VuraUt to
the apprehension of the offender.

•
• " Constables, &c. liable to a penalty for
fusing or neglecting to execute such Warrant, ,
" The patty convicted of any off.'nee cvidhin
1
Act, may appeal to the next general quarter ses'.
sions. of the peace, provided he enters into a
cognizance with two sufficient sureties, on c°11„I4
tint}, to be forthcoming, to abide the judin,, lec
b 0
of the sessions, and to pay such costs as sill"
awarded against him.. Such appellant, 00 "'rill,.
ante of the conviction, shall be forthwith con
mitted for the term mentioned in the inovicti°li,
.
" The Proceedings shalt not be retnovab'i 6 f
its
°eliCc7rrtia.in F'ogersrmthListreAtfocetr.rbeed
quashedto, n
forbe :ena
proceeding under
t at

form."

LAW INTELLIGENCE.'

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Ju%

' • • DICON V. BUJ..
Mr. ATTORNEY-GSNERALmoved for a 0-
trif
in this cause, which Was tried at the Sitti',l4t.:
after last Term, and a verdict found fnr t"'
plaintiff on the following facts :---The defelobl;1;
who was a.Merchant Captain, had
a person of the name of Leman, andl3l-I;ta
ne
changed his lodgings, be sent a young
girl, his servant, to fetch away a fowling-Pie",
which was loaded, with a message-by her for lir
man to take out the priming. before he gavedo
her. According to. these directions'Unlan
take out the prinking, and then gave tile to
go,
the girl.. She went into the kitchen, and in P1').1:1.
presented the gun towards the children there, .1`
snapped the lock. • The gun unfortunately- 'vex.%
Off, and badly wounded a child of the Mindt!
in the face and neck.
The ATTOR STEY-GENItR.AL now moved fora nett'
trial, on the ground that the defendant had
guilty of no negligence, but bad used reasfflowt,i
precaution in ordering the printing to be takent)l,l
The Court, however, thought that he 65i)„9",i:
have ordered the gun to have been unloaded, U",,
retuseti the Pule for a new Trial.

a of
Thirteen persons, seven of whome were tatit)-01
were yesterday %taken 'before the Magistronic,
Bo _street, for disorderly,conduct in a Pub it,
house on Snoday morning. The public-10'ra;
which they were apprehended has bac"
known tinder the name of 1' it Butler's' is
the'' Finish :" the whole trade of the hoo,eley
carried on after twelve o'clock at night•
were all discharged after an adnonition.

THS.
Yesterday, in New BBIR(11-cutirt, the' Lady 0. .130)`e
Cumbe, Esq. of a son. otAiri
On the 9th inst. in Montagu-square, the Lady of
Paterson of a son.
At Vantadgh-tieli, Blackheath, the Lady of Capti.s3l'3#
ham, btu; al Artillery, of a sou.

mArtniEu.
On the 11th inst. at St. (icor k 1 Ph` a ftj L , 0
of the Stock Exchange to Letit a, third daughter ill I'4‘1,
kalmandson, Esq. ot St. George's inNotti the East.Yilrj On the 12th inst. at Everton, ni;hanvhirei ep
Barnard Heaton. Esq. of tiainsbornugh, Solicitor, to
only daughter of Thottim Pastuore, Esq. of the fottner its ...

DIED.
Oa Sunday last,
iii
the
ey Hatch,
lMrs. Ma
iat i
a in
-1
I'v
so nit: nNiautvi Yen;ebaerri touenCitruy !SI en!, ;eec." (.;
a 1
:1
At the esitimvy, on the int!) of Jan. Lieut.-011one in
Colrbtouke, U. "film I Otti Itt,girtient Native infanivYl
DeputyJiolp A:d vocat e.

LONDON: Prorted by J, LL'CARSTAIRS, No. 7,Ptiol,
initidirms; anti 1,10,1i41te,1 iw W. A. sCRIPPSi „Pri',1,14.1.
at tire St.',x-Oirlca, N,,. iut,t, Strand tetkorri,:ikurciet
*Mal, ()Mtn!, Letters must Bt24lllrel
