BRITISH SPIRITS.

The Earl of ROSEBERRY, in presenting a pe-
tition from Linlithgow against any additional duty
on British spirits, begged to say a few words on the
subject. The proposition had been made in another
place on financial grounds alone, and not for the pro-
tection of the West India interests. If, however, in
its operation, it should appear that it altered the
proportion of protection which the West India and
the British spirits were to receive, as setiled by his
Noble Friend, who was Chancellor of the Exchequer
in 1825, then it would be a measure of great favour
to one party, and highly detrimental to the other.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY presented similar
petitions from Renfrewshire and West Lothian.
Lord DUNCAN presented similar petitions from
Forfar, &c. &c.

The Earl of MALATESBURY expressed his
satisfaction at the presentation of so many petitions
on the subject, and preserved to himself the right
of expressing his opinion upon it at the proper time.

SHIPPING INTEREST.

Earl STANHOPE gave notice that he would,

to-morrow, present a petition rrom the Shipowners
of London, and move for certain papers connected
with their trade.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—(LAST NIGHT).
The House went through different stages of
sundry private Bills.
The Hungerford Market Bill was read the third
time and passed.

Mr. SYKES presented a petition against Negro
Slavery, from a town in York. There was a rider
to this petition, signed by females, in which they
said, " We, whose names are unders►gned, most
cordially unite with our husbands," &c.—(A laugh.)
—The Hon. Member presented two petitions from
Kingston-upon-Hull. against the Beer Bill.
Mr. BLACKBURN presented a petition against
the East India Company's Charter.
Mr. S. BOURNE presented a petition from Ash-
burton, against the punishment of death for forgery.
Mr. MUNDAY presented a petition against the
truck system.

Mr.& W. HARVEY presented a petition from J.
Anderton, of New Bridge-street, Blackfriars, com-
plaining that he had been charged 221. for enrolling
a lease of Crown land, renting only M. per annum.
A similar enrolment in Middlesex would have cost
but 19s.

After a few observations from the SOLICITOR-
GENERAL, and Sir M. W. RIDLEY, the petition was
brought up and read, and ordered to be printed.
The Hos. MEMBER then moved for an account of
such fees received by the officer of the Woods and
Forests.

Mr. CHAPLIN presented two petitions from
Market Deepina, and another town in Lincoln,
against the Beer Bill.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition from Peter-
field, against the Beer Bill.
Lord W. POWLETT presented a petition from
the trustees of the Merchant Seamen'sFund, in Sun-
derland, against the compulsory contributions to
Greenwich Hospital.
Mr. PENDARVIS presented a petition from
Falmouth, against the punishment of death for
forgery.
The HoN. MEMBER then presented a petition from
Daitmouth, against compulsory contributions from
merchant seamen so Greenwich Hospital.
Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from Barn-
staple, against the duty on coals carried coastways.
Lord F. L. GOWER presented a petition from
one John Bennet, of Stamford-street, against poli-
tical union.

Mr. GORDON presented a petition from Geo.
P. Scroope, of Wilts, praying for a mitigation of
punishment for forgery, and praying for a better de-
scription of bank-notes, and a similar petition from
Mcilmeshury.
Mr. CURTEIS presented a petition from cer-
tain hop planters of Sussex, against the duty on
hops; and a petition from Ilailsham, against the
duty on beer and malt.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from the
borough of Preston, praying fcr a Reform in Par-
liament, and to be allowed to vote by ballot.
Mr. HUME supported the petition.

Mr. F. BUXTON presented petitions, praying
that death sleight not be used as a punishment in
cases of forgery, from Sunderland, Bishops \Yar-
mouth—from Stowbridge, Guilford—and several
parishes in the Isle of Ely.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from Pres-
cott, against East India monopoly ; also a petition
from Ashton-under-Lyne, against the Sale of Boer
Bill.

Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from a parisl
in Dublin avainst the tax on coals.

Sir C. COLE presented a petition from Swansea
against the punishment of death in cases of forgery.
Mr. W. WHITMORE presented a petition
against restrictions on commerce, from Leith.
Mr. O. CAVE presented a petition against
colonial slavery, from certain inhabitants of London.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL presented a
petition from Peterborough, praying for a reduction
of duties on malt.
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE IN IRELAND.

Mr. O'CONNELL rose, pursuant to notice, to
move for the production of documents which he
considered necessary to enable him to bring before
the House matter of serious import to the admi-
nistration of justice. He was desirous, in order to
make it as probable as possible that he should
obtain these documents, to limit their number
as much as he could consistently with the object
which he had in view. Although he had given
notice of his intention to move for the production of
all the depositions of the witnesses produced at the
-pedal commission held at Cork, he now meant to
limit his motion to the production of the deposition
of one witness, Patrick Daly. He would also move
