PARSONS' HOOPING COUGH MEDICINE.

AN Effectual and Safe Remedy for this dan•
gerous complaint, having been administered for many
years with constant success by Mr. PARSONS, Surgeon,
West Malting, Kent, he is induced, by the persuasimi of his
Friends, who have witnessed its beneficial effects in many
cent and most severe cases. to offer it to Public. It may
be administered with perfect safety to Children of the must
tender ago. as well as to those at a more advanced period
Sold in Packets, at es. 9d each, by Messrs. Butlers, (The•
mists, 4, Cheapside, St. Paul's, 240, Regent-street (near tie
Argyle Rooms), London; Waterloo-place, Edinhnrgh; Sack-
ville-strcet, Dublin: and by the principal Medicine Venders
throughout the United Kingdom.
. Be careful to ask for " Parsons' Hooping Cough
dime."

WIDOW WELCH'S FEMALE PILLS
v have obtained the sanction and approbation of Gen-
tlemen of the Medical Profession, as a safe and valuable
Medicine, in removing obstructions, and relieving other
inconveniences to which the female frame is liable, especially
those which at an early period of life frequently arise -(rim
want of exercise, and general debility of the system. They
create an appetite, correct indigestion, remove giddiness and
nervous head ache, and are eminently useful in windy dis-
orders, pains in the stomach, shortness of breath, and palpi-
tations of the heart.

Purchasers are requested to remark, that, as a trstimpuy of
authenticity, each Dill of Directions is signed with the
name of

fY
coi

n writing Sold wholesale and Retail, in`London. by Wrizht„.
No. 46, Fleet-street ; Barclay and Sons, Fleet Market ; New-
berg and Sons, St. Paul's Church Yard ; Sutton and Co. Bow
Church Yard ; Sanger, 850, Oxford-street, opposite Bond.
street; Evans and Son, Long Lane, Smithfield; Johnston,
Greek-street, Soho; Butler and Sons; Cheapsida; Godffq
and Windus, Bishopsgate-street t and by all Country Venders
at its. 9d per Box.
*0 It is necessary to inform the public that KEARSLEY'S
is the only original and genuine Medicine, and bas been pre-
pared by them for more tbab thirty years.

REDUCED FARES, and UNEQUALLED TRAVELLING,
TO DOVER, DEAL, RAMSGATE, MARGATE, AND
CANTERBURY.
FOUR INSIDE COACHES, AND KEEP GOOD TIME,
By S. A. MOUNTAIN and Co.
SARACEN's HEAD INN, SKINNER STREET, SNOW-
HJ,LL. LONDON.
THE following LIGHT POST-COACHES,
and MAILS, &c. set out from the above
The " Telegraph," DOVER, Deal, Itainsgate Margate,
Broadstairs, Canterbury, Peversbant, and Sandwich, new
Post-Coach--every Morning at a quarter past Seven o'Clock.
In consequence of the decided preference gives' to the above
Coach, the Proprietors are determined no expence shall be
spared to render it the first conveyance on the Kent road.
BROMPTON, Chatham, Rochester, Gravesend, Stroud,
Sittingbourne, Rainbam, and Ospringe, Morning, Quarter
past 7, at Reduced Fares.
The " Royal Eclipse," FALMOUTH, Plymouth, Exeter,
Truro, Bothnia, Penryn, Ashburton, Totnest, Weymouth,
Dorchester, Dartmouth, and Salisbury, every morning at
Seven ; through Honiton, Axminster, Bridport, Blandford,
Stockbridge, Sutton, Basingstoke, Hartford Bridge, Black-
water, and Bagshot.
The only Day Coach to WEYMOUTH, (driven through
with Tw.• Coachmen only), through Bagshot, Black water,
Basingstoke, Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, Woodyeats,
Caslinsore. Salisbury, Blandford, and Dorchester, at a Quar-
ter past Five o'Clock in the Morning, at reduced Fates.
The " Union," SOUTHAMPTON, Lyinington, Lyndhurst,
Winchester, Basingstoke, Hartford Bridge, Black water, and
Bagshot, New Four Inside Coach, every Morning at half past
Seven; arrives at the Coach and Horses, Southampton, by
Five. This is a most delightful Conveyance to the Isle of
Wight, Jersey, Guernsey, St. Makes, Havre de Grace, Cher
bourgh, &c.—The Proprietors of the above Coach 'torte to
receive a continuance of that support which has hitherto been
•experienced since the commencement of the " Union."
The " Champion," a New light Day Coach to DOR-
CHESTER, in 13 hours only, through Bagshot, Blackwn•
ter, Basingstoke, Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, Salis-
bury, Woudyeats, Cashmore, and Blandford, at a Quarter
past Five o'clock in the morning. The Proprietors of the
above Coach are determined no expence shall be spared to
render it the first conveyance on the Western Road.
BATH and BRISTOL Post-Coaches, through Chippen•
ham, Caine, Marlborough, Newbury, and Reading, evin
Afternoon at one; arrive at the Greyhound Inn, Bath, the
London Tavern, 'Thomas-street, and Swan, Bristol, early the
next Morning.—Coaches to Wells, Bridgewater, Taunton,
and Plymouth, at reduced Fares.
The " Umpire," a New LIVERPOOL Light Coach, only
one Night on the Road, carrying Four Inside, sets out Daily
at One ; arrives at Liverpool next afternoon at Five, flit ought
Woburn. Latlibitty, Northampton, Welford, Lutterworth,
Hinckley, Atherstone, Litchfield, Stone, Newcastle, Mutts-
ford, Warrington, and Prestot.
SHREWSBURY, Wellington, and Shitfnal, Light Post.
Coach, every Afternoon.—Guarded.
The "Union,"WEYMOUTH ; through Dorchester, Bland-
ford, Salisbury, Andover, Overton, Basingstoke, Hartford
Bridge, Blackwater, andßagshot, .new Post Coach, After-
noon, at reduced Fares. =Packets from Weyruoutit to Guern
say, Jersey, Cherbourg, St, Maloe's, &c. every Wednesday
and Saturday afternoon; at Two o'Clock.
BARNSTAPLE and. Southmultun New Light Post Coach
every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Mornings, at Seven
o'Clock.
Tltr " Rockingham," LEEDS light Post Coach, sets out
every Afternoon at Two; and panes through Baldock, Big-
gleswade, Eaton, Buckden, Stiltun, Wansford, Stamford,
Greethant, Grantham, Newark, Tuxford, Mat kltam Moor,
Rahn d, Bisset ry, Doncaster, and Ferryhridge, to the Golden
Lion Inn, Leeds, next Afternoon, at Reduced Fares.--Lug-
gage and Packages only id per Ih.—Notwithstatisling the
iiticannuott Expedition ut this Coach, it is allowed to be the
must averable and complete Public Conveyance on the
North Road, being unequalled by any other.
H A ItltO WOATE and Ripon new Light Post Coaches, every
Aftet 110911 at Two, and Eight in the Morning.
GLASGOW, Losigrown, Gretna-peen, Annan, Dumfries,
Brownhill, Thornhill, Sanquhar-Kiln, Canatock, Kings-
well, and all Parts of Seotland, a tight Four insidst''Post
Coach daily.
The "Express," to YORK, Scarborough, Whitby, Shields,
Sunderland, Newcastle, and Edinburgh, a New light Four
inside Post Coach, with a Guard throughout ; sets out
every Mornti.tg, by way of Newark, Itetturch Doncaster,
F b radcaster, Darlington, Northallertun, Durham,
Nurirau'd Berwick, and arrives at York the next Morn.
iillg Clock, at reduced Fares.' Passengers fiad-
epayet4i Twelve
ing themselves fatigued on the journey, may rest what
time they please, and then proceed without arty additional
Fare.
MARLBOROUGH and Swindon, ((air- inside Day Coach,
through Aldbourn, Reading, Lambnarn, Pierton, Lydington
rewsey, Wootton Basset, Itantshitry, Hungerford, Newbury
and Maidenhead.
BRIDGENORTH, Walsai, Shrewsbury, Salop, and Holy-
head New Light Goads, every Afternoon, at reduced Fares.
The New Royal Patent Mail, BOSTON andiLouth, through
Royston, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Stilton, Peterborough,
Peeping, Spalding, Spilsby, Alford, Gtirnsby, and Hull,
Evening, at Half past Seven o'Clock, Sunday, at a Claimer
before Seven.
The" Express," a New Light Four-inside Post Coati/ to
CARLISLE, Penrith, and Whitehaven, goes with Four
Horses, and a Guard all the way, passes through Appleby,
Brought, Bowel, Greta-htidge Richmond, Catterick, Bo-
roughbridge, Ferrybridge, Doncaster, Newark, Bawtry,
Grantham, Stamford, Greetham, Stilton, tliggleswade, and
Baldock. Sets out in the Morning, and performs the jour-
ney with the greatest facility; at reduced Fares. Passengers
detained on the Road by.busitiess or pleasure, have the pe-
culiar advantage of their Seats being secured in the next
Coach.—The only direct Coach to Ca r4isle.
The New Royal Patent Mail, CANIBRIDGE, through
Ware, Buntingford, Backhand, and Ilnystun, Evening, at
Half past Seven o'Clucat, Sunday, at a Quarter before Seven.
KENDAL, Lancaster, Prestsits, Kirby-Loma/ale, Bolton,
Chorley, Otinskirk, and Garstang Light lust Cuttebes, cycry
Afternoon.
The " Royal Express," New Light Four Inside Post Coach,
to LIVERPOOL, in 38 hours only, through Warriagtun,
Prescot, Congleton, Lawton, Newcastle, Rialgly, Kauteford,
Stone, Stafford, and Litclifickl, (only One Night on the
Road), every Afternoon ; arrives at the Saracen's Head Inn,
flale-street, Liverpool, next Evening, at Seven, at reduced
Fares.
WAKEFIELD Four inside Post-Coaches, every Morning
and Afternoon, at reduced Fares.
CHESTER, Newport, Whitechurch, 'iarporley, Nampt.
wick, Northwich, and lisliddlewicti Light Post-Coach, every
Afternoon.
SUNDERLAND, Stockton, and Yarn' Light Post Coach,
every Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland, at reduced
Fares.

Wolverhampton, sod Koos-
' Mountain's " Express," to MANCHESTER, Winslow,
every Aft ernuon.—Only
fCorrnid
,g I
ieiteown
Ponerwicsas) s
ee , 111,0'ailtsacil h
One Night on tht Road, at reduced Fares.
SHEFFIELD and Rotherham New Four inside Post
Coaches every Morning, called " The F:xpress," and also
" The Rockingham," every Afternoon, at reduced .Fares.
The „ Roy4t Express," New BIRNIINGHAM Light Post
Coach, sets out every ..fterriocin,-carrying Pour Inside only;
passes through Warwick, Leamington, Sontbam, Weedon,
barentry, Stoney-Stratford, and Toweester, to the Saracen's
Head, Bull-street, Birmingham, early the next Morning, at
reduced Fares.
The 4i Express," a New Light Post 'Coach, to HULL, Lin-
coln, Northeave, Bowden, and Doncaster, every Morning at
Eight O'Clock, to the Cross Keys, Market-place, HUH; and
also the " Rockingham" in the Aftermion at Two o'ClucC
HERTFORD, Ware, Hosidestlon, and Cliesbutit Cava',
at reduced Fares. •
TOTTENHAM and Edmonton Coaches daily, at Eleven,
Half-past Two, Fire, and Eight o'clock.
' At Reduced Fares to Leeds, York, and Doncaster,
Luggage and Packages sit only 2rl per• pound.
S. A. MOUNTAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint their
Friends and the Public, that they will riot be accountable for
any Parcels. Passenger's Luggage, Writings, Plate, Scc. of
more than Fire Pounds Value, if lost, stolen, or damaged-,
unless entered as such, and the Insurance paid accortl4,
Ingly, at the Sal 'ACCII'S titad Inn, Skinner-street, Snow-hill,
Landon.

A WA RMO Lr, and COMPANY, patronized
by the Nobility and Gentry, allow greater Advantages
upon TEAS than any Establishmetit in the Metropolis :
The East halt Company's Tares upon all Chests,
One Ounce in the single Pound,
And Half.a.ppund allowed in every Six Pounds,
And every order with a remittance, or a draft payable in Lon.
don for 121bs. and upwards, is sent, free of expence, to any
part of the kingdom.
No unpaid Letters received.
At the NORFOLK and SUFFOLK TEA WAREHOUSE
' No. 23, LITTLE BELL ALLEY, ' ,
Up Tokenhouse-yard, at the Back of the Bank of England,

• London.
All Teas sold at this Establishinent are of the choicest kinds,
warranted Genuine, selected and tasted by the most eminent
Tea Brokers.
The same advantage allowed upon Turkey, Java, and 'West
India Coffees. Sugars kept for the Public.
No unpaid Letters received, unless containing an Order
with a remittance for .E 2 and upwards.
If any respectable Person wishes to Sell for this Establish-
ment, in Town or Country, a Written Order for any quantity,
specifying the price, with a remittance, will be sent imme-
diately, well secured in Leaden Packages.
By appointment, Finch and Co.'s Superfine Durham MMus.
card, preferred by the Nobility for the combined superiority
of its strength, flavour, and beautiful colour, at only 2s. per
pound, made up in Lead for the Country.
Congou, 6s. ; fine Strong Souchong Tea, 6s. Bd. ; superior fine
Breakfast Souchong, 75.; best ditto, Bs. to 10s. ; remarkably
fine Green Tea, Hyson kind, Bs. to 9s. ; real Hyson, very fine,
10s. ; best Hyson, 12s. ; Gunpowder Tea, 13s. ; fine Cone,
3s. ; very fine 3s. 4d. ; best Turkey Coffee, 4s. (id. to ss.
..• No common ordinary Teai or Oiffeei kept.

PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY g.

The Duke or BEAUFORT presented a Petition from the
Mayor and Commonalty of Bristol against the tieneral Gaols
Bill.

The Archbishop of YORK 'presented a Petition from the
Inhabitants of the City of York, praying the mitigation of the
evils of slavery. His Grace declared that he concurred in the
opinion of the Petitioners, and would Like every opportunity of
supporting it.
The'llishop of SALISBURY presentedia Petition from the
Archdeaconry of Berke against the claim's of the Raman Ca-
tholics.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented a Petition from
the Silk-Manufactureri of London and Westminster, complain-
ing that they could not avail themselves of the:improvements
in machinery, on account of the operation of the law which
enabled Magistrates to fix the wages of labour in that trade,
and praying a repeal of the same.
The Petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROGDIN, accompanied by several other Members of
the Ilouse of Commons, brought up some Private Bills; and
the Warehousing Bill, with the amendments agreed to.
MILITIA. REDUCTION BILL—IRELAND.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL moved the third reading of the
Irish Militia Reduction Bill.
The Earl of GO.SFORD opposed the third reading, on the
ground that it was an act of injustice, and a breach of faith to
the subaltern officers.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL defended the Bill, and main-
tained that the former Acts of Parliament left it completely
open to Parliament to make the reductions or not ; and in
point of fact, if the Militia were to be called into active service,
a very large proportion of those officers .would be found in.
efficient, and must be reduced : the only question therefore
was, whether that inefficient force should be continued, and a
needless expence incurred.
The Earl of CALEDON opposed the Bill.
After some further discussion.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN proposed that the third
reading.of the Bill should be postponed to this day week, which
was agreed to.

.4....-4"1:::, -,: I. ". --.-'-....;_:-.....„.."--4-...._,,_•,—__..-_.,...7.--.---,-w,-- ----..,,.- ~ : ,
--=-„,;__,3_----_;l—_-irv--Z-il-11;-__IL.-',!7,---F7
-.i,,,
f; . '(.4
• 4-1 ii' j.:' 41$' -". ',.......
-?.-'----''''4, "--'
..,;'..,:=;- . ..
We, 4 -,-;-."' ',
4. p 7.4, 04,1;- , ,
.#. •--...... , _ fi
..,,7,„.. *,.....y,..,.
_.,.—. .. , fr _ -4
- •r-A... ' . i-lt. -,, e .1*.i.».• ,•:". I' , ' ' ' •d. '
X.,,,,,.. •,,,, :- • -:44::t. t, ft/ 1# , le.A. ~, •'r t , "'- -,:,
' •
~, ...„...4:: ~ , ,—„,,,,,_,iz.-:“,••,- ~ ~,„ ,
..,,,,..„111' s?,-7,*..../.
lik. .:4 .try ,' -44--•'4,.'.:...4'AiL ~‘!". ' -, •- :
A
„..„.,r
~ „..,,,t,,,, ~,..... .t,4,:. • .uo. .., , ~..„.... s„,, ~y,.
„,,„,„, .::. ~,,
-_---
..
