NATIONAL CONVENTION.

On Saturday night there was a very large meeting of
the working classes held at the Crown and Anchor
Tavern, in the Strand, for the purpose of hearing an
explanation from the members of the General Conven-
tion of the reasons why they have thought it right to
delay the presentation of the " National Petition,"
demanding the People's Charter, " Universal Suf-
frage," to the Commons, nntil the 6th day of;Alay.
Mr. FROST was selected to preside. He said that
the object of the meeting was to afford the Convention
an opportunity of explaining the cause of the non-pre-
sentation of the National Petition ; and, secondly, to
solicit the people's votes in favour of the Convention
itself.

The meeting was addressed by Mr. Sankey, a dele-
gate from Edinburgh ; Mr. Rogers, of London ; Mr.
Feargus O'Connor ; Dr. Taylor, from Renfrewahire ;
Mr. Westerton, from Lambeth ; Mr. O'Brien, delegate
from six places in Lancashire ; Mr. J. Harney ;
Mr. Macconnell, and Dr. M'Dowall, from Ashton-
under. Lynn. Sereral of the speeches were of a highly
inflammatory nature, declaring that if the petition did
not meet (as the speakers themselves said they did not
think it would) with proper attention at the hands of
the Legislature, they were ready to have recourse to
other than moral force, and to meet physical force by
physical force. One or two of the orators, too, stated
that the pikes and other weapons were in readiness,
and it required but that the word of command should
go forth, and their owners were in an instant prepared
to rush into the field.

With regard to the non-presentation of the petition
until the 6th of May, it was stated that that distant
period had been appointed by the Convention with the
view of affording a sufficient opportunity for procuring
such a number of signatures to it as would show that
that which the petition demanded was not the demand
of a small body, but of millions of the people. Already
the names attached to it amounted to nearly 1,200,000,
and there was no doubt that era the Gth of May had
arrived, that number would be doubled.
The meeting was very orderly throughout the whole
proceedings.

TESTIMONIAL of the GRATITUDE
OF THE NEGROES OF JAMAICA TO THE
MARQUIS OF SLIGO.

On Saturday last a deputation consisting of T. F.
Buxton, Esq., the Right Hon. Dr. Lushington, M.P.,
Rev. John Dyer, Rev. John Burnet, Sir Geo. Stephen,
Capt. Moorsom, R.N., W. B. Gurney, Esq., Joseph
Sturge, Esq., John Sturge, Esq., accompanied by the
Right Hon. Lord Brougham, Sir Geo. Strickland,
Bart. M.P., the Hon. C. P. Villiers, M.P., William
Evans, Esq. M.P., Joseph Pease, Esq. M.P., W. T.
Blair, Esq., Mr. Lecesne and Mr. Russell, two gentle-
men of Colam, and Mr. Robt. Stokes, presented to the
Marquis of Sligo, at his residence, No. 2, Mansfield-
street, a piece of Plate, consisting of a magnificent
Candelabrum, in the form of the Arica Palm, (the West
India Tree of Liberty), from whose graceful and feath-
ery top spring light and elegant branches for 7 lights ;
at the foot of the Palm Tree, is a group of West Indian
negroes, the base is triangular and richly ornamented
with the Sugar Cane and Indian Corn. On two sides
of the base the armorial bearings and crest of the
Marquis of Sligo, with the collar of St. Patrick in bold
relief, and on the third is the follo,ving inscription—
" Presented to the Most Noble Howe Peter, Mar-
quis of Sligo, by the Negroes of Jamaica, in testimony
of the grateful remembrance they entertain for his un-
remitting efforts to alleviate their sufferings and to-re-
dress their wrongs, during his just and enlightened ad-
ministration of the government of the island, and of the
respect and gratitude they feel towards his excellent
Lady and family for the kindness and the sympathy
displayed towards them. 1837."
The total height of the candelabrum is three feet six
inches.

The improvement in the moral condition of tbe Ne-
groes is shown by the occupation of the group, as well
as in their countenance and dress. A male Negro, who
has a broken whip under his feet, is explaining what he
has been reading from a book resting in his hand, to a
female seated by his side, who is nursing her infant, an
interest in whose welfare is now for the first time con-
ceded to hcr. A young lad in the back ground, uncon-
scious of the cause of the improvement, yet fully sen-
sible of its effects, is sporting with a goat, now allowed
to be domesticated.

The appearance of the group is that of a happy and
contented family.
The following was the address read by Dr. Lush-
ington the occasion
TO THE MOST NOBLE THE MARQUIS 07 SLIGO,
&C. &C. &C.

" MY Lotto MARQUIS,—When your Lordship re-
tired from the Government of Jamaica in 1836, the
negroes in order to testify their gratitude to your
humane and enlightened administration, appointed a
Committee to receive their contributions for the pur-
pose of purchasing a testimonial to be presented to
your Lordship. The money thus raised was placed in
the hands of Mr. Joseph Sturge, on his visit to Jamaica,
with the folio ming resolutions for its disposal :
" 1. That the funds raised as a subscription of the
negroes, amounting to 1,000 dollars, form the intrinsic
value of the Plate to he presented to the Marquis and
Marchioness of Sligo.
"2. That the subscriptions of the friends of freedom
in Jamaica and elsewhere be received for th• purpose of
the device.

" 3. That the amount so received be put into the
hands of Mr. Sturge, and that he be requested to com-
municate with the following gentlemen, and with such
others as he may think proper, and arrange with
them the best mods of presenting to his Lordship this
testimonial of the gratitude of the apprentices for the
protection afforded them during his Lordship's adminis-
tration, and the loss they have sustained by his removal
from the Government :—J. F. Buxton, Esq.; George
Stephen, Esq. ; Rev. John Dyer ; Dr. Palmer ; Dr.
Lushington, M.P. ; Captain Moorsom, R.N. ; the
Rev. J. Burnett ; John Sturge, Esq.
" It will be most gratifying to your Lordship to per-
ceive by these resolutions that the negroes have asso-
ciated the name of your excellent Marchioness with
your own in this tribute of humble and loyal admiration.
" Before it was possible to carry into effect the wishes
of our negro friends, your Lordship added largely to
those claims on their gratitude, which you already pos-
sessed by declaring in your place in Parliament that
whatever might be its decision on the question of the
apprenticeship, it was your Lordship's determination to
liberate the apprentices on your own estates, on the
Ist of August, 1838, a declaration that greatly pro-
moted the success of those efforts which the country
was then making for the abolition of a system too
deeply identified with slavery to be compatible with the
welfare of the negro or the honour of the British
Legislature.

" This noble proof of the kind solicitude which your
Lordship felt for their happiness even in your retire-
ment was not lost upon the grateful hearts of the ap-
prentices, and they raised additional funds to enable us
to render the candelabrum, which we have now the ho-
nour to present, more worthy of your Lordship's accep-
tance.

" We cannot discharge the trust which has been con-
fided to us by the black population of Jamaica, without
offering. our respectful congratulations to( your Lord-
ship, on this gratifying acknowledgment, that our de-
termination of the Government was not less markedy, by
tender consideration for the heir)]
than by the dignified firmness lundersacuLcu'mesotpaipicnessseof
peculiar, and perhaps unprecedented difficulty.
" W.e are anxious to forget the cruel scenes of past
times in the contemplation of the brighter prospect
which now opens to our black fellow-subjects, but we
cannot forget the man to whose exertions they are
principally indebted for that brighter prospect.; and
we are persuaded that we truly speak their sentiment:,
when we express the hope that this mark of negro
feeling may stimulate your children's children, for many
generations, to emulate the example of their noble an-
cestor, who had the courage to be humane in the
midst of inhumanity, and who dared to be just where
injustice had for centuries reigned with undisputed sway.
" We regret that the state of your Lordship's health
has prevented us from presenting this testimonial in a
manner befitting the importance of the occasion ; for,
whilst it records the triumph of freedom without the
shedding of blood, and the liberty of the slave, without
the destruction of the master, it transmits your Lord-
ship's name to posterity, enwreathed with far nobler
glory, than invests the hero of a thousand fields.
" We ardently hope that your Lordship may long live
to witness the happy results of that liberty which has
been extended to the long injured sons of Africa in
the British Colonies; and to look back, with heartfelt
satisfaction, on
having contributedi so largely to the
success of a measure which s so eminently calculated
to promote the happiness of millions of the human race."
Lord SLIGO replied as follows—
°' Gentlemen,—lt is with feelings of no little pride,
that I receive at your hands this testimonial of the
gratitude and good opinion of the n.egr?esof Jamaica.
"`'hen I remember that the subscription. for its pur-
chasewas made after I had left the Island, when no
advantage could be gained by its promotion, and tlria can
is the only instance which ever has occurred, c
occur, in these dominions, of the presentation of a tribute
of respect from persons still in a state of modified
slavery. I value it so much, that I would not exchange
it for the highest distinction, %vhich the favour of my
Sovereign could bestow.
" With respect to the part I have taken
on the
slave question, I shall merely say, that from my very
early years I was in opposition to those around me, and
a decided advocate for the abolition of the trade in
slaves. I admit that I felt no repugnance to the conti-
nuance of slavery itself, until I became a member of the
Committee of the House of Lords, appointed to receive
evidence as to the condition of the slaves in our Colonies. I
then became a convert, from the very evidence adduced
by the West Indian Intereit itself--I entered that room
a colonial advocate--I left it a decided abolitionist.
" Having been subsequently entrusted with the Go-
vernment of Jamaica, it was my sincere desire to
administer it with the strictest impartiality, and if I

ever felt a momentary impulse to deviate in the
slightest degree from the straight and severe line which
it was my duty to pursue, that impulse sprang from
discovering that the horrors of slavery were much
greater than I had previously conceived, and from find-
ing, by personal experience, that the reports I had
heard of them in England fell short, very short, of the
sad reality.
" Circumstances, however, not within my controul,
having compelled me to tender the resignation of my
office, I did not on that account feel less anxious to be
of service to that most interesting Colony, and to the
suffering but obedient blacks.
" It is true that on my return to England, I

refused to take any prominent public part on the
subject, until the moment I thought I might
come forward most effectively, and I may perhaps
have subjected myself in consequence to the imputation
of lukewarmness in the cause ; I trust, however, that
the step which I took when the time which I considered
the most appropriate had arrived, proved that howso-
ever I may have differed from others in my views of the
best mode of proceeding, we all pursued in common,
and unceasingly, one and the same great object, the
complete abolition of every remnant of slavery, the
entire and unconditional freedom of the negro.
" I feel, notwithstanding, that our exertions ought
not to terminate ; much still remains to be done, and if
it please the Almighty to grant a renewal of my
health and strength, now greatly impaired, I trust I shall
always be found among the most active supporters of
a cause so interesting to my own feelings and so dear
to humanity.
" The plate which you hare this day done me the
honour of presenting to me will descend as an heir-loom
in my family, and will, I trust, show to those who come
after me, that the best method of securing public ap-
probation, is by an exact and conscientious discharge of
their duties.

" I hope that my kind colonial friends who
have united together to present to me this mark of their
affection may be made acquainted with the extreme
value which I attach to it, and that they will
permit me in return to offer to them, in re-
ference to their future conduct, some advice, to which,
coming from one they know to be their friend,
they may perhaps be disposed to pay the readier atten-
tion. Ido not wish them to imagine that I offer it be-
cause I think that the following considerations have not
had due weight with them. I know that they hare been
strongly urged upon them by their excellent mission-
aries, and hare, I am sure, already been the guide of
their conduct. I think, nevertheless, that it is also my
duty in gratitude, to impress them with what is, in my
opinion, important to their welfare. lam anxious that
they should feel that a strict obedience to the laws on
their part is indispensible ; that they must,if they occupy
their old houses and grounds on the estates of their
employers, pay a rent for them, and not imagine that
they are their own property. I wish them to under-
stand that they must not abandon their habits of labour,
and become idlers, but accept a fair remuneration for
their work. I wish them in short, to 'learn that the
foundation of their future happiness must be laid in
religion, morality, and industry.
" To you, Gentlemen of the Deputation, I beg to
return my most grateful thanks for your presence and
assistance on this occasion."
No accurate account has been received of the
number of our negro fellow-subjects who contributed to
this beautiful tribute of their gratitude, but some esti-
mate may be formed from the fact that in one of this
country districts 331. is. 11d. currency, or only about
100 dollars were subscribed by 1603 individuals.
The candelabrum was executed by Messrs. Green
and Ward, of Cockspur-street and does great credit to
the taste and ability of the artists.

Lady Sligo and three of the Ladies Browne were
present upon the occasion.

ACCOUCIIEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.—Last
week, a woman (who stated herself to be the wife of a la-
bourer on the line of the Manchester and Leeds railway at
Sowerby Bridge, to which place she said she was going),
succeeded in duping several of the charitable inhabitants
of Brighouse, by the following stratagem. She repre-
sented herself as being so near her accouchement as to be
quite unable to proceed on her journey; and she soon found
that the coppers came in rather fluently. Pollard, the
constable, was then sent for, to procure her a more hospit-
able asylum than the open street. He accordingly came,
and with his wonted sagacity, perceiving the feint, got her
into a wheelbarrow under a pretence of taking her to his
house. The bystanders thought this was too indelicate for
the woman's situation, and recommended smoother treat-
ment; but the stein constable was inflexible, hinting too
that be should baulk the faculty, and take upon himself the
office of accoucheur. Having got to his journey's end, he
proceeded to his new profession, and putting his hand into
his patient's pocket-hole, delivered herof a still born bundle
of old rags I He then dismissed her, with a reprimand; the
old women and children who had assembled, congratulated
him on the success of his first operation, and hooted the
impostor out of the town.—Halifax Express.
PARENTAL DEPitAVITY.—At the Chelten-
ham Police-office, on Thursday, two children, aged eight
and nine years, named Payne, were charged with commit-
ting several petty thefts, to which they said they were in-
stigated by their mother. The two first charges admitting
of some doubt, the Magistrates discharged them. On a
third charge, of stealing two table-cloths, the unnatural
mother, who had sent her children out to thieve for her,
came forward, and, to save herself from being included in
the charge, afforded the evidence necessary to the com-
mittal of her children. The Bench, after expressing its
disgust at the brutal conduct of the mother, said, young as
the children were, they were obliged to commit them for
tri it. The mother left the office quite unmoved at the exe-
crations of those present, or at the fate of her children.—
Chellemhanz Chronicle.
_ HALIFAX MARKET, SATUADAY.--The at-
tendance of buyers to-day was good, and there was a fair
quantity of goods disposed of, particularly of tho sorts
suitable for the home trade.—Halifax Express.
A small steamer, intended to ply on the Lake of
Brienz, was brought on the 2sth ult. from the Lake dr
Geneva, on which it was built by an English gentleman,
in a vehicle drawn by twenty-six horses, and accompanied
by a numerous crowd anxious to witness this " sailing on
dry land."

INTERESTING TO FA RAIERS.-Experience has
of late years shown the value of straw dung to be so great,
especially when mixed with earth, that a large farmer near
iklston has been offered 2/. ss. per hundred sheaves for
all the reed he can spare between this time and harvest for
litter.—Dettonport Telegraph.
THE MA 1 L.—The storm which has occurred
within the last few days had the effect of delaying the
arrival of the south mail to-day till one o'clock, five hours
beyond her stated tine. The obstruction was chiefly be-
tween Aluwick and Haggerston, where workmen are
busily engaged in cutting the road.—Benvich Advertiser.

CRIME IN SWEDEN.—It appears that in 1835,
the total population of Sweden being less than three mil-
lions, one in every 140 persons was convicted of some cri-
minal offence; while in England and Wales the proportion
was one in every 1,005, and even in Ireland one in 7'23._

\\Te see from the Court Circular, that the Duke
of Cambridge had a dinner party Wednesday, at which were
present the Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Welling-
ton, the Archbishop of York, and others, and that after
dinner they proceeded to the Concert of Ancient Music,
his Royal Highness being Director for the evening. Thus
a Royal Duke and a Most Rev. Prelate, may, during one of
the sacred days of Lent, attend a concert, while on that
day Lord John Russell, with the advice of a Bishop, for-
bids the divine music of William Tell, at the English Opera
House !

REGISTRATION.—Though we have always
advocated a general system of registration, in opposition
to the narrow views of religious sectaries, we by no means
consider the present Act as perfect in its construction.
In one point it is exceedingly objectionable. It is very
properly rendered unlawful for any person to bury a corpse
without the Registrar's certificate of the individual's
death ; but our sapient legislators did not foresee, or, with
their usual neglect for the poor, wilfully disregarded the
great inconvenience occasioned by this provision vvith the
imperfect agency recognised by the Act. A poor woman
in a neighbouring Union recently walked six miles to ob-
tain a certificate of her child's death, but, the Registrar
being from home, she had to repeat the journey, carrying-
a child in her arms ! There ought to be a subordinate Re-
gistrar in every village, and then this really useful and im-
portant measure might be properly carried out.—Leicester-
shire Mercury.

Four troops of the 15th Hussars, under the
command of Sir Waiter Scott, en route from Glasgow,
have passed through this town during the week. It is
expected they are about to embark for India shortly,—
Lancaster Guardian.

The cod fishery between the Isle of Man and
the coast of West Cumberland has commenced, and the
season promises to be a successful one.—Lancaster
Guardian.

KEND A L.—A large supply of potatoes arrived in
Kendal last week, by canal,' which caused a reduction of
one penny per stone. They arc now selling at sixpence
halfpenny.—Kendal Mercury.
We believe that the Report of the Commissioners
appointed to inquire into the propriety of establishing a
Rural Police will very shortly be laid before Parliament.
The report is very, voluminous, and contains a great body of
evidence ; and, although its recommendations have not yet
transpired, we believo we may venture to state that the Com-
missioners have suggested that a paid constabulary force
be established in any county, riding, or division, under the
controul of the Magistrates of the district, provided they,
or the Guardians of the poor, or a certain portion of the in-
habitants, shall apply to the Police Commissioners for that
purpose; and that the expense of such force is to be paid
partly out of the County-rate and partly out of the Con-
solidated Fund. We believe the report is very ably
drawn, and will excite considerable interest in the provin-
cial districts.—Obserrer.
CHANGE OF FORTUNE.--Catherine Doody
and her niece, Judith Barry, two very poor women of this
city, yesterday received, through the hands of Michael
Galvin, Esq., solicitor, a large sum of money, the amount
of legacies bequeathed to them many years ago by a de-
ceased relative in Dublin. Joy beamed in their counte-
nances on their acquisition of fortune.—Waterford Citron.
Very great activity prevails in the Ordnance De-
partment at the present time. The gun business has not
been so brisk since the battle of Waterloo, and good work-
men are with difficulty obtained. Very extensive contracts
(indeed the largest ever known) have been lately entered
into for the supply of military and naval stores of all des-
criptions.
Large quantities of stores have been lately
shipped off from the Tower for the Colonies and various
parts of the United Kingdom.
