HOUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUARY 11.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack
shortly after five o'clook.
Lord TEYNHAM presented a petition from a
parish in the county of Mayo, praying their
Lordships to relieve them of the burdens which
they laboured under with respect to tithes, and to consider
how the property of the Church of Leland might he
converted ioto a purpose both useful and national. The
Noble Lord, in presenting the petition, observed it was
our of very great importance. It was signed by upward,
of 1,700 inhabitants of the parish, almost all of whom were
tenants of the Noble Marquis, who was Lord •Lieutenant
of the county. The petition had been got up without
any of those agitations which usually attended subjects of
that nature. lie (Lord Teynh int) had learned that
in another place to-morrow night the intentions of
his Majesty's Government relative to the Church
of Ireland would be explained. He had always
felt the greatest confidence in the Noble Lord at the
bead of his Majesty's Government, and he trusted
that his expectations would not be defeated, and that
liberal measure would be brought forward, as he
was confident that the measure talked of for the
commutation of tithes was complete nonsense. He
could express himself in no better way. lie trusted that
the petition which he had presented would meet with
that attention which it deserved, as he felt confident
that unless something was done; and that shortly, no power
vested in the Constitution could ever give that wretched
country peace, or incline its inhabitants to be obedient to
the laws. The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
The NOBLE LORD then brought forward his motion rela
rive to the conduct of the Lord Lieutenant of the county of
;111y0. In doing so he felt great regret in bringing forward
a question in that House, relative to the conduct of hi,
Nude Friend, the Lord Lieutenant of the county of Mayo;
but the conduct pursued by hint and others, relative to the
Barony of Gallen, imperiously demanded that he should do
so. It was necessary that he should first of all make a state-
ment of facts, which he had reduced to writing, in order
that he might not be in error. By the proclamation
of the Lords Justices of Ireland, the barony of Gallen, in
of Mayo, had been declared in a state of in-
It appeared that the Noble Marquis
Lieutenant of that county (Sligo), without any
application
hiupwre Lord
prlckoe,aturitniit.
iin
to the resident Magistrates of the barony, or
without any application from them,as far as he was informed,
and without any application from the managing proprietors

of the barony—the Noble Marquis gave notice to the coon' v
Magistrates that that part of the barony was in a state o
insurrection. The Magistrates assembled in great num-
bers at Castlehar on the 22d of last month, and deliberated
with closed doors. Many of those Magistrates were uncon-
nected with the county, and their information was only what
was afforded by the Noble Marquis. The grounds of the
Noble Marquis's proceeding were the proceedings that had
taken place at the contested election in that part of the
country, and the Noble Marquis's conduct certainly did no
credit to him. Their Lordships bad in that House all the
energy and determination requisite during the last session
to effect a Reform in the House of Commons, to get rid of
nomination boroughs, and to deprive landed proprietors
of the nomination of Members of Parliament. But the
Noble Marquis must go over to Ireland and say, " Oh, bu,
that does not apply here--.the county of Mayo is my
Old Sarum, and any one coming here to rescue try power
from me is an enemy, a disturber of the public peace—
is, in fact, one of O'Connell's gang."—(Laughter.)
Who was it that came forward to contest the repre-
sentation of the county of Mayo ?—( Hear, hear.)
Sir William Brabazon, a gentleman of ancient family, of
great influence and property in the county. Their Lord-
ships might read in the history of that House, that the
Lord Treasurer Brabazon, in the time of .-lenry the
Eighth, came forward to settle the liberties of the coun-
try, and on the occasion now referred to, Sir .William
Brabazon Caine forward to uphold the rights of Irish-
men. Who was the man opposed to him ?
He was a man certainly of respectability, but of no pro-
perty in that county, but he was,the relative of the Noble
Marquis. Ever since that election, deep and malignant
had been the feelings of the people there. Two men bad
actually been murdered on Christmas-day by the police,
for merely looking at the High Sheriff.—(Cries of " Oh,
oh.") The Noble Lord repeated that it was true, and the
Coroner's Jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide.
Was there any thing in the nature of Irishmen which re-
quired that they should be hunted like wild beasts? No-
thing; and he would venture to say, that if the inquests on
the peasantry who had been shot in Clare had been
held in any county in England, the police would
have been found guilty of murder.—(Hear.) He trusted
this subject would not be got rid of by any side wind,
for it was one of great interest to every friend of liberty
throughout the empire. If justice were done to
Ireland there would be little occasion for military,
for the hearts of the people would be with us, and how little
the military had been wanted even in the barony of Gallen
might be judged of by the fact that the very week before it
was declared in a state of disturbance requiring extraordinary
measures to be applied to it, all the military it had up to
that time were withdrawn from it. He would move for co-
pies of the proclamation of the Lord Justices of Ireland, de-
claring Gallen, in a state of disturbance ; of the memorial of
the Magistrates and Catholic Clergy of Mayo to the Lords
Justices thereon ; of Sir William Brabazon's memorial to
the same ; of a list of the chief constables its the county of
Mayo in July, 1832 ; of the committals for offences in the
barony of Gallen in 1830, 1831, and 1832 ; of the number
of persons in confinement at the present time for offences
committed in the barony; and lastly for a copy of the ap-
pointment of Joseph Burke, Esq., as Coroner of the county
of Mayo, as he understood some irregularity had possibly
taken place with respect to it.
The question was theo put.
The Marquis of SLIGO trusted that as the Noble
Lord who had just sat down had referred to him in so
personal a manner, the House would favour him with
their attention for a few minutes.—(Hear, hear, hear.)
If the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or the Right Hon.
the Secretary of State for that country were in that
House, they could have informed their Lordships that the
barony of Gallen had been the cause of great annoyance to
him. That barony had, till very lately, been a proud
exception to the general disturbances which existed it,
Ireland ; but latterly such a spirit had been infused
into it, as to make it necessary to resort to the
extraordinary means of which their Lordships had
heard.—(Hear.) If there had been nothing el-e in the
case, be (the Noble Marquis) should have thought
that old recollections would have induced the Noble Lord
to refrain from the statements he had made.—(Hear.)
But as the Noble Lord had chosen to bring forward such
direct charges against him, it became his (the Marquis of
Sligo's) duty to show their Lordships that the barony of
Gallen was in such a state as to require the adoption
of the extraordinary measures which had been pursued.
He had not brought from Ireland a single document, but
lie had put down on paper a few of the outrages which
had taken place in that barony. The first occurred in the
month of September, concerning the possession of a house
by two brothers. The excitement had risen to such a pitch
that it was necessary to make applications to the Govern•
ment at Dublin to place a military force in possession of
the house, in order to prevent an effusion of blood.—
Shortly afterwards a body of 1,200 persons marched into
the town, where the policemen were stationed, in regular
military order. They went to the chapel, and were ad-
dressed by the Hon. Baronet whose name had been intro-
duced by the Noble Lord: he meant Sir W. Brabazon.
He (the Marquis of Sligo) afterwards saw the Hon.
Baronet, who assured him that the accounts as to the
apprehensions of the inhabitants had been greatly exag-
gerated, and that the people only wanted his opinion
respecting tithes. He was, however, told that the Hon.
Baronet had himself exhibited signs of apprehension, and
had addressed the people from the pulpit of the chapel, in
order to induce them to return to their dwellings. Feel-
ing that it was necessary to have some active person as a
Magistrate at the town where the party had marched in iu
military order, he wrote to the Lord Lieutenant, at
Dublin, and the result was that Mr. Jones, an English
gentleman and Stipendiary Magistrate, was sent down to
the spot. After being there a few days it was found that
the military force was not sufficient to carry into effect
the law, and a party of men belonging to the 27th regi-
ment, under the command of Colonel Hare, were sent.
Mr. Jones, with 40 police, and about 110 or 120
military, went out to protect the lives of persons who bad
been attacked, and were compelled to fire. After this
he (the Marquis of Sligo) was informed that an ap-
plication had been made on the subject to the Eng-
lish Government, without first applying to the Irish
Government. He ought to mention to their Lordships
the fact of the Magistrates of the district having signed a
" round robin," as it was termed, addressed to him,
declining to act under the law to enforce obedience as
respecting tithes—(Hear, hear.) Soon afterwards Mr. Jones
and the troops returned; and he (the Marquis of Sligo) was
informed that between 300 and 400 persons were nightly seen
in the county marching to and fro, alarming the people. The
election subsequently came on, and the excitement of the
people continued, nay, increased, so that it became necessary
to have an increased force. There were stationed in the barony
600 soldiers, 360 police, besides three troops of the 10th Hussars,
for the protection of the people. The Noble Lord had spoken
of two men being killed, merely for looking at the Sheriff.—
(Hear, hear.) But what was the fact ? Why the Sheriff was
attacked by an election party, and the men were killed in the
fray, they being of the party who made the attack.—(Hear.)
Outrages of an infamous character were committed in the
barony—houses, barns, and turf stacks were burnt. In one
instance, as a man named Clerk was riding into Castlebar,
the town where the election took place, and to which he had
mile
alreadyileor two
treferred h
the
town,everalh
et twmaess
carny di
ilw.
thr
:ant
eCdl e;rakndwasos
ferocious
were the monsters, that not satisfied with that, they actually'
impaled his horse—(Hear)—running a stake into his body until
it came through it. A few days after this, as a policeman was
passing along the road to Westport, his mare fell with him, and
he was hurt. A party came up at the time, and believing
him to be incapable of defending himself, they began to ill-
use him. The man, however, fired upon his assailants, and
succeeded in effecting a secure retreat. He was told by
some of the party that he might provide himself with his
coffin, for they would have his life. About the same time
an outrage of no ordinary character took place at Swin-
ford. The daughter of a respectable tradesman, whose
political opinions were not in unison with those of the dis.
turbers of the peace, were forcibly carried off; and so power_
! ful were the party, that no one dared to assist the poor crea-
ture. The place of her concealment was sonic time afterwards
discovered, and she was restored to her friends. He thought,
under the circumstances which he had detailed, that he was
perfectly justified in applying to the Lords Justices of Ireland,
in conjunction with other Magistrates, for their aid. When
a meeting of the Magistracy for that purpose was held,
which meeting had been duly announced in the news-
papers, even the very Magistrates who had signed the
" round robin" requested a week's delay in the application,
in order to see whether by that time the people would re_
turn to their allegiance. Was not this a proof, at least,
that even these Magistrates considered the barony in a
state of disturbance ?—(Hear, hear.) The Noble Marquis
then read extracts from two letters, addressed by Magis-
trates of the barony to him. In one of these extracts the
writer expressed an opinion that " were additional forces
granted, the Repeaters would be foiled." The other extract
showed that great agitation extsitd ; that serious apprehen-
lions for the preservation of life and property were entertained,
and that " the smith dare not shoe the horse, nor the miller
grind the corn," of those whose political opinions did not co.
incide with the agitators. The spirit of opposition to tithes
had increased, and it was next to impossible to enforce the
laws. With respect to what the Noble Lord had stated, as to
the removal of the Sessions, he knew nothing of that circum.
stance until the present moment, and therefore be could not
offer any remark; but as to the verdict of which the Noble
Lord had complained, he must say that the Noble Lord had
entertained a very different opinion from the Jury, who had
solemnly inquired into the facts. Had the Noble Lord read the
evidence ?—(Lord Teynham here said he had gone through the
whole). The barony of Gallen, before the excitement took
place, as to the repeal of the Union, had been proverbially
quiet. No disturbance had taken place in that barony before

that cry was raised. The Noble Marquis then read an extract
from one of the local ne‘,-p.;,,,r,, which it :v.:, stated that
all those who voted in -um.), tof the candidate who was op.
posed to the repeal of the Union, should have their names placed
upon a list, inserted in red. A system of exclusive dealing was
proposed upon the same principle, and in the article recom-
mending it the following was to be found, among other
inflammatory passages:—" The freeholder who votes against
repeal votes that you should remain in your present miseries."
Further on, mothers, wives, and daughters, were urged to use
their influence on the part of the repeal candidate. On the 19th
of December, the very day of the election, this paper was circu-
lated throughout all the neighbouring districts, and on the 9th
of January a list of the freeholders was published, specifying the
manner in which they voted. It might be supposed that the
Noble Baron, in moving for a list of the Magistrates assembled
at Castlebar, had nothing particular in view, but it would not
be questioned that the manifest object of it was to show that
they acted under his."(the Marquis of Sligo's) control, though lie
could assure their Lordships that nothing was furtherfront the
fact.—(Hear, hear.)
Lord TEMPLEMORE bore testimony to the excellent con-
duct of the Marquis of Sligo as Lord Lieutenant of the county
of Mayo.

Lord MELBOURNE had no objection to the motion, but
it was quite impossible for him not to guard himself against
any supposition of giving the slightest countenance to the course
adopted by the Noble Baron.
The Marquis of CLA NRICARDE maintained that the con.
duct of the Irish police was in general not only exemplary, but
most admirable. It would become any Noble Lord to be pre-
pared with more specific propositions before he advanced
charges of this nature.
Lord TEYNHAM replied.
The motion was agreed to, and their Lordships adjourned at
seven o'clock.

Nir. FINCH gave notice in the House of
Commons last night, that on Monday, the 6th of May,
he would bring in a motion for the suppression of poll..
tical unions.

A public meeting to petition for the immediate
abolition of colonial slavery, is in contemplation, at Hud-
dersfield.—lialifax Express.
CITY REPRESENTATION.—PUBLIC MEET-
ING OF THE FRIENDS OF GEORGE LYALL, ESQ. —The
only matters of importance that transpired at this meeting,
were stated in The Sun of yesterday; nothing of any con- '
sequence took place after our Reporter left. •
STATE OF PARIS.—The Annuaire du Bu- .
reau des Longitudes for 1833 states that there were con-
,umed in Paris, during the year 1831-776,781 hectoli-
tres of wine, 28,573 hectolitres of brandy, an•i 112,359
Le..tolitres at beer; 1,161,1361 b. of grapes, 61.670 oxen,
14,389 cows,, 62,567 calves, 288,203 sheep, 76,741 hoes
and.boars, 996,369 kilogrammes of cheese. Paris also
consumed in the srme year oysters to the amount of
702,180 f. ; fresh-water fish, 477,6101. ; sea fish,
3,115,159 f. ; poultry and gawe, 426,281 f. ; butter,
9,117,0911. ; and eggs, 3.901,387 f. From the trifles .
of mortality we learn that nearly one-fourth of the children
born in Paris die within a year, and that one-third of
them do not live to complete their second year; that only
one-half reach 20 ; and not more than one-third live to
the age of 45. In 1831 there were born in Paris 15,116
males and 14,414, females, making a total of 29 530
children, of whom 10,378 were illegitimate. The num-
ber of marriages was 6,654, and of deaths 25,996. On
an average there are a greater number of males added to
the population of Paris than females, and if the total in-
crease, which is about 179th part per annum, is main-
tained, the population will in 16 years be augmented one-
tenth, and in 31 years two-tenths, in 44 years three-
tenths, in 57 years four-tenths, and in 69 y.ars one-half.
On the same scale it will take 117 years to double the
present population. In 1831 the total population of
France was 32,560,931 souls.

CORPORATE REFORNI.—One of the first
measures of Reform will be an assimilation in the mode
by which the judicial authorities of all corporate bodies
are in future to be exercised. Printed circulars from
Government have been sent to several Corporations, Pe-
tersfield amongst them, demanding answers to certain in-
terrogatories, with a view of ascertaining how far it is
requisite that the judicial should unite with municipal .
authority. We have heard the inten;ion is to grant a ju-
dicial power, or in fact a corporation, to all places that
return Metnbers to the Senate; and further, that it is
intended the Magistrates of these several places shall. be
chosen by election by the same parties and in the same ,
manner as their Representatives in Parliament are elected, .
but with the difference that their power will remain for
life, unless, as in the present system, they make them-
selves liable to dismissal by misbehaviour. The Ports-
mouth Corporation, hitherto close, but always respectable,
we know contemplates some great changes in the way of .
admitting several of their townsmen to the honour of
wearing a black gown. The arrangements are nearly com-
plete, and on Monday next the Aldermen, at a full con-
vocation, will promulgate the result of their deliberations.
—Hampshire Telegraph.
A MORE THAN SPARTAN BREVITY OF.
SPEECII.-It is one thing to write a good speech and an-
other to speak one. This fact was illustrated some years
since in a neighbouring county, in which a regiment of
yeomanry cavalry had resolved on presenting their Colonel
with a splendid silver porter jug, through the hands of the '
Adjutant. The day of review came on, when the present
was to be made—the Colonel bad got a hint, and had
prepared a splendid oration to return thanks. The Adju..
tant's presentation speech was to be unsurpassable; the
troops were drawn out in line, all eyes were turned to-
wards the Adjutant, as he advanced before the soldiers,
holding the glittering gift in his hand, and the Colonel
waiting to hear the address of the giver. All ears were in-
tent to hear the speech and reply. Alas ! memory in
both individuals had proved a treacherous guardian of her
treasures. The Adjutant appro..ched, extended his hand,
presenting the donation, but all his speech. was—" Cor-
net, there's the jug ;" and what was the equally oblivious
officer's reply,—" Aye, is that the jug."—Scotsman.

. .
A COURAGEOUS ACT.—In a late number,
we gave an account of a most daring attack made upon a
a young gentleman, named ARMSTRONG, as he was seated
at his parlour fire, after dinner, in the town of Banagher,
and the gallant and successful resistance which he made,
single-handed, against an armed party which entered the
house in search of arms. On Monday week, while walk.
ing down the street of Banagher, he observed a fellow
who wore a large great coat entering a public-house, and
having followed, soon recognised him as one of the vit.
lanous gang that had attacked himself and his dwelling.
Ile immediately seized the fellow by the collar with one
hand, while with the other be presented a loads,. pi*tol,
which he threatened to fire if resisted. In this manner
he was proceeding to the police barrack, when a large
body of persons followed, evidently with an intention of
rescuing the prisoner. Mr. ARMSTRONG turned round,
and, beckoning the mob off, swore be would shoot the first
moan that approached him. This had the desired effect,
and the fellows kept at a very civil distance, while he,
without molestation, lodged his prisoner in the hands of
the police, and swore to an information that. he was one
of the party who struck him with a gun on the night of
the attack on his house. The fellow was forthwith trans,
matte.] to Tullarnore gaol, to abide his trial at the assi:pes,
—Cork Constitution.

CONFLICT BETWEEN THE POLICE AND
A PARTY of WinntFEET.—Some of the Irish journals
have lately stated that a Whitefoot was shot in the county
of Wexford, but the particulars, which are very remarka-
ble, have not been mentioned. They are as follow :—On
the night of Saturday, the 26th ult., as the Clourocha
police were on their usual patrole, they came in contact
with a party of Whitefeet, about thirteen, who were re-
turning from plundering arms in the neighbouiLoal
Although the night was dark the police were enabled to
observe their course, and at length came up with them at
the ford of Ballough, between Enniscorthy and Ross,
The Whitefeet being challengai and called upon to sur-
fender, soon gave way—in fait, they ran off after the
first fire, leaving one man dead ; and it is supposed,
from the traces of blood, that several others were
severely wounded. Is consequence of the extreme flail:-
ness of the night the police were unable to make pri-
soners. The deceased was found in the stream, where he
cad fallen upon his oven gun (a fowling.piece;, which was
lying under his body. In his pockets were found a quan-
et ietly
aoff glenandp,on•doe,rlytieindelutp,dinanad lbiartonkl
small p, tia zrk:
The wretched man, whose name was THOMAS Gavoofty,
was but lately married, and lived with his mother upon,
two or three acres of land, a short distance front the spot
where lie lost his life. An inquest was held on the body
till Alonday, before the county Coroner and several Magis-
trates. The Jury, which was composed chiefly of Roman
Catholic farmers, after a close investigation of the facts,
were unanimous in returning the following verdict ;--
" The deceast d came by his death fiom gun shot wounds,
inflicted on him by the police, in the execution or their
duty, on the night of Saturday the 26th, or morning of
the 27th, deceased being at the time armed,
:ma:
ine,u!ssi
edtelcilaeu have
appa-
rently on unlawful business." This verdict, thus fear-
by
Li he' I )b
beat effecter( l sthhoew ing theci 'neighbouringdnoetl:nt,hi
tedei filln‘rvictrotell,:tutryteistipt'
tery.s;nt
inep
spirittra
no: u intimidationillity.
v oiu
,moaursyt
tti:nlossvtio'
mined exertions of all classes interested in the restoration
untilof
trhaeg einavrpeeirryei
.n lately,pg hiso fb
been moan'
