tand true to themselves, and to the best interests of the ward a measure (which they ought undoubtedly to have intro.
country at large. And he would ask, whether they would duced before), for the reform of Municipal Corporations.
choose for their allies the Whigs, from whom they had at any These were the questions mooted between the late Ministers
rate received something--(Cheers)—or the Tories, from whom and those who displaced them ; and because they showed a
they had received nothing, except oppression and a contraction disposition to relieve the Irish people from the intoler-
of liberty ?—( Renewed cheering.) He knew very well that able burden of a hostile and intrusive Church—( Continued
there were many persons (perhaps there might be many pre- cheers)—which had done more harm to civilization than
sent) who were much exasperated against the late Ministers any other evil which could be named—because they were
for not doing so much as they might have done; but that prepared to cut down the abuses of the English Church—
of which he conceived the whole country had now a right ( Cheers)—because they were determined to root out the
to complain was, that as soon as the late ministers pro- Corporation abuses and give the people a fair municipal
posed to do anything that would afford an extensive be- system, which would put them in possession of the power of
nefit to the people, they were dismissed. ( Hear, hear.) choosing their own municipal rulers—( Cheers)—for these
The resolutions which it was proposed to offer to the adop- reasons their enemies had taken this opportunity of striking
tion of the meeting that evening would not be numerous ; the blow. Should it be said that,under such circumstances,
they amounted only to two. But it must be recollected that they ought to support men and care not for measures 2—( No,
they included almost every thing in which the people were no ) He would say, that here was evidence enough to prove
deeply interested ; for although mention only was made of their measures were assailed ; and instead of waiting for any
triennial Parliaments, vote by ballot, and an extension of the chances, instead of hesitating about probabilities, it was their
suffrage, it was conceived that these three points once achieved, duty to come forward as men and act with decision.--( Great
would serve as a ready and efficient means to those ends which cheering.) He did not wish it to be thought he had any de-
were so earnestly, and, he might add, so reasonably de- sire either to eulogize the Whig Ministers or to cast any as-
sired. Amongst the first of these was muncipal reform— persions on them.—( Hear, hear.) But he might be allowed
(Loud cheers)—the removal of the disabilities at present to say that he agreed with the view taken by
their able and
Imposed upon Dissenters—(Renewed cheering)—and a full excellent representative, Mr. Grote, who had told them that
and efficient reform of the churches of England and Ireland.— there was a great difference between our present situation
(Loud and long-continued cheering.) He had only a few and that in which we were under the former Ministers. They
words more to add. In that meeting he perceived many re- were then advocates of useful and practical reform ; under
spectable men, who had great influence amongst the work- them the changes which the nation required were gaining
ing classes. To those gentlemen he would only say, that ground ; their adversaries were gradually forced into the
when they went to their homes, where they saw their work- adoption of improvements, and public affairs were being
men around them, he hoped they would advise them to re- brought into the shape in which the people desired to see
main quietly at home, and not to suppose that their atti- them.—( Cheers.) All this was now to be arrested. It was
tude would become the less imposing, because they did not now evident that the odious questions of party must be for a
carry bits of painted silk about the streets upon the end time revived ; they would have again all the violence and ani-
of the painted pole.--( Laughter.) He wished the working- mosity which characterised general elections, in which two
classes to be made aware that demonstrations of that kind would parties fought desperately, and in which the interests of the
serve no good purpose, but would merely interrupt that calm people were sometimes forgotten—forgotten, if not 'Yemeni-
which now prevailed over the whole surface of society, and bered by themselves.—(Great cheers.) It was impossible to
which their enemies took to be the calm of apathy, but which, make any progress in the work of reform, till these obstacles
by-and-bye, would be shown to be the calm of conscious power, were cleared away.--( Hear, hear.) Perhaps the Duke of
and a bright anxiety for the future.—(Cheers ) He was Wellington would find he had placed himself in a situation
afraid he had detained the meeting at too great length, but not unlike that in which a person found himself who came to
upon an occasion like that upon which they were then assem- a meeting, and proposed that which was decidedly hostile to
bled, he felt that he should not have discharged his duty if he the views of those assembled. It sometimes happened that
had entirely passed over the important topics to which he had such a personage was treated by those whom he would ob-
alluded. If he had trespassed upon the time and patience of struct rather unceremoniously. The cry was raised of " Turn
the meeting longer than he ought to have done, it must be at- him out !" and turned out he was. Now the Duke of Wel-
tributed to his enthusiasm in the popular cause, and to his in- lington was evidently an interloper, whose views and objects
experience in addressing large companies.—(Loud cheers.) were decidedly opposed to those of the people of this country,
Mr. CHARLES BULLER said that the gentlemen composing and it was their duty to spare no effort to " turn him out."—
the committee by whom that meeting had been called together, ( Great laughter, and cheering of considerable duration. )
had requested him to move the first resolution of the evening; Mr. CRAWFURD (the late candidate for Marylebone) intro-
and with that request of the committee he felt bound duced himself to the meeting by saying that he was not
• to comply. He felt, indeed, that he was in some de- their city member--( A laugh) ; there was, in fact, nothing
gree personally responsible for the steps which had been in common between them but their names. He must con-
taken to elicit the exhibition of public opinion, which gratulate himself that he had not any thing more to do on
was then presented, from the circumstances of his hay- the present occasion, after the able and eloquent speeches
ing presided at a previous meeting which was the germ that had been made to them, than to support the resolution
of the larger and more triumphant assemblage which he which had been moved. He begged to be allowed to advert
had then the honour to address. Whatever personal reproach to the state of this meeting, which he felt himself bound to
he might have incurred on account of his unfitness to preside do, because no allusion had been made to it by the speakers
on that occasion, he certainly conceived that from the charge who had preceded him, and it was a matter with which the
of any injury which it was supposed he was doing to the cause public ought to be made acquainted. He was told that that
of the people, he was now completely absolved.—( Hear, hear.) room, when not crowded, would contain more than 2,000
He had been told that there would be no meeting that even- persons ; he beheld it then crowded to such a degree that it
ing ; he knew not bow many thousand negatives he saw to was manifest they were suffering great inconveniences (which
that assertion before him.—( Cheers.) He had been further he regretted) for want of room.--( Hear, hear, and cries of
taunted by certain organs of what was called public opinion, 4, Hundreds are outside," and " Thousands have gone away.")
with endeavouring to push himself into an unseemly notoriety, The meeting was not only very numerous, it was highly re-
by taking part in public matters in which he had no business to spectable. He 'had been much in the habit of attending
interfere.--( Cries of " The Times," and great groaning.) public meetings, and he would say that a more respectable
He considered himself absolved from that charge also, because one, on his honour, he had never seen. He hoped that the
he looked upon the present crisis as one at which every public reporters for the public press, if they were there—and he
spirited and independent man ought to come forward and do was sure that they must be there—would give a faithful re-
his duty, and because he thought that he (Mr. Buller) as a port of what they saw and heard.--( Some person cried
Representative of a high-minded and Reforming consti- out, Will the Times?" which was followed by great
"
tuency, returned by them to Parliament to dobhis. part hooting.) His apology for offering himself to second one
in effecting the great work of Reform, was bound, as a of their resolutions, or for taking any part in a public meeting
resident in the metropolis, and in discharge of the of so important a character, was the zeal he felt in their cause,
functions vested in him, to attend the first meeting of his and the desire he entertained to render it service.—( Cheers.)
countrymen to ascertain what their feelings upon the late ex- He only last night arrived from France, when hearing that a
traordinary change in the Administration really were.--( Hear, party were assembled, he did not hesitate to join them, and at
hear.) So much in explanation of the course he had taken on once put his name down as a member of their sub-committee.
a former occasion. From the letters which had been read at —( Cheers.) He had been since requested to second this re-
the commencement of the proceedings that evening, he found solution, and he most willingly undertook to do so. But he
that the distaste to meetings of such a description as that would positively have declined to take any such part, if he had
which he was then addressing, was not confined to certain considered himself obliged to appear as the supporter of the
portions of the press, but that even his very learned and ami- Whig Ministers--to maintain their cause—to advocate their
able, and humorous acquaintance, the Learned Serjeant, the return to office, or in any way to apologize for or extenuate
Member for Finsbury, started with horror at the idea of at- their misdeeds.—( Hear, hear, hear, and symptoms of disap_
tending a meeting which he conceived to be mischievous, and probation.) He had watched them carefully, and he would
which he was kind enough to predict would not be attended remind the meeting that within the last two years he had seen
by any respectable portion of the community. If those only them vote a high Tory Speaker into the chair of the House
who had profited by the abuse, who had acquired titles and of Commons--a man who was now opposed to them—( Hoot-
station in society at the expense of the public, were to be ing)--and who was on the point of either being appointed one
deemed respectable, truly it might be expected that their at- of the Secretaries of State, or of getting the Vice-Royalty
atendance upon such an occasion as the present would be small. of Ireland, with an income of 25,0001. a year.---(Disapproba-
-( Laughter and cheers.) But if honour, integrity, and a tion.) He was not, then, going to approve of the conduct of
firm and unflinching spirit of independence were to be regarded the Whig Ministers, but to express his disapprobation of
as the stamp of respectability, then the Learned Serjeant's that of the Tories.—(Cheers.) To declare his disappro-
prediction had been signally fallacious, since he saw before bation of the measures of the Whigs was a very different
him hundreds of honest, honourable, and independent men.— thing from approving of the appointment to office of the
(Cheers.) The resolution, which he should conclude by Tories._( Cries of " Question, question," and "No censure.")
moving, was expressed in these terms : He cared not whom he censured, so that he appeared the
" That without approving of the general conduct of the late Ad- advocate of truth.—(Disapprobation, and renewed cries of
mistration, this meeting cannot view their sudden dismissal, and « Question !") Now, though he could not approve the gene-
tke appointment of a Tory Ministry, otherwise than as an indication
bted to them for the Reform Bill.---( Question, question. )
aan intention to stop the progress of Reform ; and they are re- ral conduct of the Whigs, he confessed the people were in-
solved to employ every legal means in their power to secure the d e
rights and interests of the people, and thereby cheap and good go- Some gentlemen beside him, who, he believed, were staunch
vernment." Whigs, seemed impatient of hearing him.—(Second the reso-
The meeting would perceive that it was not to support lution, and sit down.) He was sure that all would agree with
party views or party men that they were called together that him when he asserted that the Tories were the enemies of the
night, but to support those great measures of public utility people ever since they existed as a party. Did we not owe to
which were endangered by party politics and party men. them the greater part of a debt of from seven to eight hundred
He rejoiced that upon that occasion he might abandon the millions sterling—did we not owe to them the suspension of
claim of party altogether. They met there not to abuse the Habeas Corpus Act over and over again—the prosecution
each other by party names, but to express their unyielding of many patriots, their incarceration, and those famous Bills
hostility towards those whom they must regard as their of Indemnity with which they covered their misdeeds ?
enemies, since they were found to be the uniform supporters (Cheering.) Such were the men they were asked to confide
of measures which were diametrically opposed to the in- in ; men who came forward with reform and liberalism on
terests of the public at large. He Mr. Buller) was their lips, and corruption and scorn in their hearts.—(Much
undoubtedly at all times for measures--not for men : shouting.) One of their real objects was to maintain the
bet at a period like the present, when no opportunity Church establishment with its 10,000,0001. a-year. If the
was afforded of trying the men and their measures, he Duke of Wellington were disposed to do well (which must be
thought it was only fair to take the men as an index of doubted), it was out of his power ; in short, he dare not.—
the measures which were likely to be proposed.—( Hear, (Cheering.) By whom was he surrounded ? Who were his
hear.) When the avowed enemies of all reform and of only supporters ? Were they not the very men who had a di-
every improvement came into power, were the people to be rect interest in monopoly and corruption ?---( Hear, hear.) It
told that they should wait to see what they would do before must be acknowledged that, under the. existing circum-
they presumed to express any opinion with respect to them ? stances, they ought to abandon minor differences of opi-
Because those who were now appointed to fill the high places nion.—(" That's it I" and Cheers.) They were in the same
in the State had, on a former occasion, been treacherous to boat with the Whigs, and they must not be rowing in a
their own party, were the people of 'England to be told to wait different direction ; if they did, there was a party close at
patiently, and to assure themselves that they would certainly hand showing false colours, and making false signals, who
be faithful to them ? Were the people of England to be told would assuredly sink them to the bottom.—( Continued
to expect reform from anti-Reformers ?—(Cheers)—to expect cheers.) Some individuals were so impatient for reform,
a diminution of abuse from those who profitted from the
con- that they would receive it from the devil himself--( A
tinnance of abuse?--.(Renewed cheering)—from those who laugh)—this was no great compliment to the Duke of Wel-
had never ceased to fight in defence of abuse ?—whose inte- lington.—( Laughter.) He must say that he would rather
rest it was to maintain abuse, and whose inclination to main- not have it from such a source. He should not like to accept
tain it had never been deterred by any higher feelings than a bill of rights from a personage with a cloven hoof; he should
those of self-interest ?_( Loud cheers.) This was
enough expect it to smell of sulphur, or suspect that a gunpowder plot
to bring the adage of " measures not men," into
,disrepute. was concealed under it.—(Renewed laughter.) The Tories
Suppose that the Duke of Wellington, when he commanded were mixed up with the abuses in the corporations and the
the British army at Waterloo, had thought only of mea- abuses in the Church ; and was it not impossible, that they
sures, and not of men ?—( Hear.) Suppose when he saw should get such reform from those men as would be satisfatcry
the van of Buonaparte's veterans advancing against him, he to the people ? After a few more words, Mr. Crawfurd con-
had said to his troops, " Oh, these are only men—you eluded with seconding the resolution.
must not direct your hostility against men wait till you The resolution was then put from the Chair. The affirma-
see their measures.—(Cheers and Laughter.) Let them mative was received with tumultuous cheering; for the nega-
draw up their line of battle—let them plant their great guns five a single hand was held up, which occasioned great laughter.
within a few hundred yards of you—take no notice of them, it Mr. THOMAS HARDY had to propose the next resolution,
will be time for you to act when you see their measures." which would be read to them by the honorary secretary. Mr.
There was however this difference between the people and Powell then read the resolution, which was as follows :
the Tories, and the Duke of Wellington and the French at " That to prevent the recurrence of political convulsion, and to
Waterloo. The Noble Duke on that occasion was matched deserve the support of the people, any Ministry must proceed
against an avowed and gallant enemy. A celebrated military to secure to them in the shortest possible time an extension of
leader had since told him (Mr. Buller) that he believed the the suffrage, a shortening of the duration of Parliaments, and
shout of the British soldier was alone sufficient to conquer the vote by ballot."—(Cheers.) Mr. Hardy went on to say,
troops of any other nation. If the shout of the British soldier that in submitting this resolution to them, he must plead that
was so potent against a foreign enemy, let the British peo- he had in some measure done violence to his feelings, because
ple raise their shout also when they find themselves opposed he felt that he was not entitled to take the liberty of present-
to a domestic enemy—( Loud cheers.) The British people ing himself to so vast a meeting. But when he saw that a
were not men to be trampled upon—they were not men to be journal, which arrogated to itself the character of being the
easily gulled ; the device by which the Tories were now at. " leading journal of Europe"—(hoots and hisses)—described
tempting to delude them was attempted in 1832, when the them as " a poor, pitiful, and degraded crew," he felt his blocd
Duke of Wellington, opposing Lord Grey upon the question warm within him—(Cheers)—and whatever little talent be
of reform, declared that he was ready to take Lord possessed, and however small the service he might he able to
Grey's place, and to carry reform ; but what was the an- render his conntry, he considered it his paramount duty to
ewer of the British people on that occasion ?—A shout of come forward and offer.—( Cheers.) Without the least
defiance to the Tories an expression of scorn and con- flattering them—without saying one word in this respect
tempt for those who had declared themselves ready to which would not carry itself to the bosom of every
support the Duke in the event of his appearing in the ex- man present—he must express, fearlessly and plainly, his
traordinary character of a Tory Reformer.—( Cheers.) hope that the reporter of the Times journal, were he
What ground, then, was there for stating that meetings like present—(Hooting)—would tell his master faithfully that
the present were ill-timed and injudicious? Suppose, after which he now witnessed; and if he did, he must say
the Earl of Durham's memorable speech at Glasgow, the that such a meeting as this was never before seen
King had dismissed the Melbourne Ministry, and had sent for in the city of London—( Cheers.) He would venture to say
that Noble Earl, would not the people have taken the name of and he said it without fear of contradiction, that his Grace the
that popular and estimable nobleman—the only peer who has Duke of Wellington would give one of his foreign principali-
dared fully and frankly to place himself in the ranks of the ties could he raise a meeting equally numerous and respectable
people—would not the people have taken his name as an index in his support. Now was the time for them to exert them-
of the measures that were likely to be proposed under his ad- selves. Now was the time for them fearlessly to meet this
ministration ?—would they not hail with a shout of joy the man and his myrmidons ; for he (Mr. Hardy) would say, and
appointment of such a nobleman ?—would they not give him he could say so
legally and constitutionally, not intending to
every proof of their confidence ?_would they not, by the ex- use the remark in an offensive sense, that the contest they
pression of their own feelings, strengthen his hands against were about to engage in must be " war to the knife."—(Much
the enemies who might assail him.—( A voice, "We would !") cheering.) He had watched the Duke of Wellington's course
He (Mr. Buller) knew that they would, and he sincerely ever since he became a public man. As a general he had ad-
trusted they might soon have the opportunity.—(Cheers.) mired his talents, whatever he thought of his politics ; but
In the meantime, regarding the Tory Ministers as an index speaking of him as a political character, he felt bour.d to dc-
of the measures to be expected under their administration, Clare that the only honest thing that man ever said he uttered
it became all those who had the interest of their country a few months before he became Prime Minister of this country,
at heart to give a strong expression• to the dislike which when the affirmed that he shciuld be mad to think of accepting
they must necessarily entertain to measures of such a de- such an office.--( Cheers and laughter.) At that time then it
scription. He believed that the present opportunity had did appear that his Grace had acquired the most difficult of all
been taken to turn out the Melbourne Ministry simply knowledge—a knowledge of himself.—( Laughter.) In May
because it was the moment at which that Ministry exhibited 1832, the public found themselves called on to give him a lesson
the most determined intention of carrying further and more which it was thought that neither he nor his master—he (Mr.
extensive measures of Reform. Had that exercise of the pre- Hardy) wished to speak respectfully—would soon have for-
rogative.of the Crown been made when the Grey Ministry gotten ; if, however, it were necessary, that lesson must be
brought forward the Coercion Bill—had it been exerted after read to them again.—(Much cheering.) Yes, the people's
many of the battles which the Tories and their partisans made party had been described an insignificant set of persons who
against the interests of the country, then the country would met in private. He supposed this would be called a hole-and-
have regarded it as a determination on the part of the King to corner meeting. But such misrepresentation would not avail.
have a reforming Ministry. But what was the case now ? On the contrary, it would be seen that they were a most in-
The Ministers were turned out precisely when it was known fluential meeting ; they met as they ought to meet, in a man_
that they were pledged in the next Session of Parliament to ner calculated to give a tone to the rest of the country._
bring forward measures of Irish Church Reform—of English (Hear, hear.) They would show that crew who plundered
Church Reform—to provide for the abolition of tithes—to give them, that however they might struggle against them, their
the full liberty of conscience to Dissenters--to obliterate every present were their death struggles—they would he their last.
distinction that exists between man and man in the British do- Now was the opportunity for the people to secure to them-
minions ; and, finally, when they were t
pledgedring for- selves and their children the privileges and benefits of good

and cheap Government; and, to use a short but expressive
word, to show to their enemies that they would not allow
themselves to be humbugged by any man or set-of men.—
( Hear.) He would beg of them, as they valued the common
liberties of their common country, not to dispute with each
other about shades of different opinions. If he was called op
to male a political confession, he would say, in the words of
their enlightened supporter, Lord Durham—( Great cheering)
—that he was a supporter of triennial Parliaments, household
suffrage, and vote by ballot ; give that and they would be satisfied.
Men should give and take, and avoid differences in times like
these ; they should allow nothing to delude them from their
object, and they would then most certainly get rid of Tory-
ism. He was most happy to inform them, that that most in-
fluential class--the Dissenters, were up and doing.--( Cheers. )
In every part of the country, the Dissenters had sounded the
tocsin ; every man of them was prepared to rise to say—
" Tories, your reign is at an end." Let not the proudest
Peer in the realm dare to say that the poorest man in that
room—whatever was his rank or station—was not as deeply
interested in the welfare of the country as himself. Was the
poorest man there, who earned a subsistence for his family by
the sweat of his brow, to be taxed and fleeced, and have his
wretched earnings wrung from him, to provide pensions for
females. He hoped they would be enabled to protect them-
selves against the Tory party, which, if it once got one foot
into power, would soon, as it always had done, thrust in its
whole body, and then ride rough-shod over the people.
Mr. MURPHY, in seconding the resolution, did not come
there to advocate one party or declaim against another ; he at-
tended to denounce those men who, throughout their career,
had been the supporters of tyranny and despotism. Ile had
never been the advocate of the Whigs ; he had always been an
unflinching Radical Reformer.—( Hear, hear.) They must
look to probabilities and results ; and place a firm reliance
upon their own power. If the Duke of Wellington had an
,arm to wield the sword, so had they; the sinews of the working
man were as powerful as those of the Duke of Wellington ; and
if he were disposed to try, he ( Mr. Murphy) thought that at
this moment there was a sufficiently strong spirit roused in the
country to drive him from the councils of his Majesty.—
i( Cheers.) They must stand firm in the event of a dissolu-
tion of Parliament—that it would take place would be seen in
a few days. A great deal had been said of the prerogatives of
the Crown. What prerogative hud William the Fourth which
was not entrusted to him for the benefit of his people ? The
very compact between the King of Great Britain and his peo-
ple, which demanded their allegiance on the one hand, and
secured his Government on the other, expressly required that
the King of these realms should endeavour to secure the hap-
piness and contentment of his people—not that he should place
a sword in the hands of a tyrant for the purpose of mowing
them down. The King was bound to look for councillors
among good and tried men, in whom the confidence not only
of that meeting, but of the whole country, might be safely
reposed.—( Cheering.) He (Mr. Murphy) was the advocate
of universal suffrage ; still he was not so tyrannical as to in-
sist, as an indispensable requisite in the qualifications of any
new Minister that should be prepared to go to so great an ex-
tent. Let them do their duty—let them be on the alert when
the next general registration took place ; the arts of the Tory
party, which had aleady been but too successfully exercised in
in this respect, would then be defeated, and all attempts at
corruption rendered utterly unavailing. They were, at the
present moment, at a crisis of some importance. The first
step taken by the Duke of Wellington, when he obtained the
seals of office, was to march from the foot of the Throne to
the Horse Guards. Were they not, then, in the language of
Mr. Buller, to regard that as an indication of the measures to
be expected from the Noble Duke's Administration ? How
many orders were sent out that very night, with respect to
the disposition of the army in different parts of the country ?
How many troops would not shortly be seen on their
march to the north, to protect the rights and liberties of
the good people in that quarter of the kingdom.—( Cheers.)
He called upon the people then to arouse themselves—let every
man feel thas the fate of his country depended upon his own
individual exertions—let every parish unite itself into a firm
association, determined to protect the freedom of the people,
and no Minister, however daring or reckless his character, will
venture to trench upon it. Happily, the Duke of Wellington
could not rely upon the army to support him. He would have
fought the people in 1830 if he had dared. He had distributed
his troops in favourable positions throughout the country ; but
when it came to the point, he found that the soldiers had too
much British spirit in their constitutions to draw the sword
against their countrymen, who were asking only for a recogni-
tion of their rights : and if the Duke now relied exclusively
upon the army, he (Mr. Murphy) would tell him that he would
not be a month in place. But, as yet, it was not known whe-
ther any Government existed or not--the Duke of Wellington
was waiting for Sir Robert Peel, and Sir Robert Peel, very
fortunately, was away. Probably he was away on purpose—
( Hear, hear)—probably arrangements had been made for
his absence. A close intrigue had undoubtedly been carried
on—the leading articles in a certain newspaper showed
the endeavours which were being made to feel the public pulse.
Although, as he had already stated, he carried his notions of
reform much further than the Earl of Durham, still they had
in that Noble Earl a Nobleman who had at all times a right to
approach the Throne, and who, by the means he had taken, not
as the late Lord Chancellor did (at this mention of the
Lord Chanchellor's name a strong feeling was immediately
manifested, and the confusion which followed, and which lasted
for some time, prevented our hearing the conclusion of the
sentence.)
The CHAIRMAN rose, and endeavoured to obtain a hearing
for Mr. Murphy ; but the uproar continued, the meeting ap-
clearing determined not to listen to that gentleman any longer.
The CHAIRMAN having somewhat subdued the expression
of disapprobation, said that he had been placed in the Chair
to act impartially in the discharge of his duty ; he must beg
of them to allow Mr. Murphy to continue his remarks.—
( Cries of " No, no !" " No attacks," hisses, and some ap-
plause.) The Chairman was sure that Mr. Murphy, seeing
how far the night was advanced, and that there were other
gentlemen desirous of addressing the meeting, would allow the
resolution to be put as soon as possible.
Mr. MURPHY again came forward which was the signal for
a renewal of the shouts of disapprobation. Having stood for
some minutes longer, making ineffectual attempts to pro-
ceed, he at last retired, declaring that he cordially seconded
the resolution.
The CHAIRMAN put the resolution to the meeting ; the
only hand which was raised against the first, was elevated
against this, to the apparent great amusement of all present.
The resolution was carried amidst great acclamation
Mr. ROEBUCK, M.P. for Bath, was loudly called for by the
meeting. On rising, he was received with great applause.
Ile said, some persons might think they came here to express
an opinion in favour of some particular party—in favour of
some particular Ministers ; but he believed they came to ex-
press disapprobation of those now in power—of the existing
Ministers--( Hear, hear). They came here to say—and as
respectfully as they ought to say it, but also as firmly as they
ought—respectfully to the chief magistrate of the kingdom,
but, as regarded themselves, having a great duty to perform,
most solemnly and earnestly, " the Tories must depart from
power"—( Great cheering.) Why did he assert this ?
Was it that they did not know the Tories ? Was it that they
came now for the first time to try an experiment before
them ? No such thing--( Hear, hear.) That experiment
was tried by thirty years' domination—(cheers.) But it was
said they knew not what measures the Tories might
now bring forward. Did they not come with their old
faces ? Did they not come with their old political cries ? Was
it not evident that they were determined to pursue their old
course of domination and despotism over the people, to support
all abuses, to up with everything that the people hated, and
down with everything that the people loved---( Reiterated
cheers.) He knew it was said that at the present moment the
people of England did not require a reform of abuses; but let
him state those abuses, and then ask, if the Tories were in
power would they consent to their removal ? Were they not
one and all, with the exception of a small party in the state,
which he would call a faction, were they not one and all de-
termined to obtain that most important reform, the correction
of corporation abuses?-_( Loud cries of " Yes, yes !") Cer-
tainly they were. What was the cry with which the Tories
came into power ? Was it not " resistance?" Was there not
a demand for a reform in the Church of Ireland ?—( Cheers. )
Was it not the determination of all thinking and good men in
England that certain of their fellow subjects should not be
priest-ridden by a Church they did not like ?—( Great cheer-
ing.) Was it not in accordance with the best feelings of our na-
ture, and with that high intelligence which characterised the
present age, that no man should be bound to support a creed, or
the clergy of a creed, in which he did not participate?—( Cheers.)
He (Mr. Roebuck) asked, was this not the feeling of a large,
body of his countrymen ?—( Hear, and cheers.) This was
not all. They had to oppose a party—a small, but active and
mischievous party—who were sordid, who were base, but they
were in power.—(Groans and hoots; and a person in the
body of the meeting cried out, -‘ The Church must be kept
up !") He knew it ; but the Church was the people, and not
the parson.—( Cheers.) The Church consisted, not of the
walls of the building, neither was it the clergy, but the whole
body of the congregation. Whether they belonged to one
sect or another, the people were determined to vindicate their
right to religious freedom. Let him call their attention for
one moment to the real, actual, position of affairs. Was not
the present Chancellor of the University of Oxford—the high
and notable idol which that institution had set up—the Prime
Minister of England ?—( Cheers.) He would relate to them
a fact. The Duke of Wellington, before he became, very
unfortunately, Prime Minister, wrote to the heads of houses
at the University of Oxford, to say that he felt great
culty in defending the subscription to the 39 Articles, by the
young men who were sent there to be educated; and he ex-
pressed his wish that they could agree upon a simple de-
claration, instead, to the effect that the subscribes was a
member of the Church of England. His Grace added,
nevertheless, that if they decided against the substitution
of such a declaration, he was still their friend, and they
might depend upon him. A meeting of the heads of
houses took place, and they passed a resolution, by a ma-
jority of one, in favour of, the declaration described
by their Chancellor. Let the meeting mark the result.
They received the news of his coming into power, and at once
rescinded that resolution.—( Cheers.) What did he (Mr.
Roebuck) infer from this ? Simply, that they knew the Duke
of Wellington was determined to be their firm and staunch
supporter, or in other words, that he would maintain and per-
petuate every Church abuse.—(Loud cheers.) Could it be
believed, that the Tories would come into power ithout a de-

this country were not only cursed with a bad Church, or
rathar with bad churchmen, but also with bad magistrates.
It was the duty of every man who wished well to the ad-
ministration of justice—he meant justice, and not justice's
justice—(cheers, and a laugh)—to keep out those men
who could only enter into office with a determination to
preserve the old corporation abuses.—(Cheers.) The peo-
ple must show their firm determination, without reference
to this man's being a Whig, or that man's being a Tory, to
turn out their enemies, and resist them to the utmost. It was
well known that he (Mr. Roebuck( had been a steadfast and
unflinching opponent of the late Administration—at least, as
far as his humble capacity enabled him, he had opposed them
upon all those occasions which he thought their measures had
fallen short of the public demands. But was that a reason
why he should turn round and say, because the late Ministers
did not give him more, therefore he would throiv himself into
the arms of those who he knew give him less ?—( Cheers.) It
became the duty of every sincere reformer to oppose those
veteran supporters of abuse and corruption tooth and nail.—
( Cheers.) It should be remembered that the strength of the
Whig Ministry was weakened : how ? By their adoption of
Tory measures ?—( No.) Was it then because they were too
liberal ?—( No, no.) No, indeed, the Whigs only were des-
pised when they approached to the measures of the Tories.
—( Hear, hear.) Some, perhaps, would prefer the foul ori-
ginal to the bad copy—the foul original was now before
the country ; the times of Sidmouth and Castlereagh were
now to be revived ; for the Duke of Wellington was
the head and representative of that party. Five years
ago the Duke of Wellington declared in his responsible
character as a Minister and confidential adviser of the Crown,
that he looked upon the rotten borough system as represent-
ing the perfeetion of human wisdom. But the Duke of Wel-
lingon did not hate reform itself so much as he hated the
consequences of reform. He (Mr. Roebuck), therefore, be-
sought all good Reformers not to listen to those hypocritical
and artful persons who would bid them wait awhile. This was
'no time for tampering, or for hesitation. It behoved every
man to declare to what cause he would attach himself. The
people could make no compromise with the enemy ; the time
of compromise was past. Let them remember the words he
was about to quote ; they were of no doubtful authority--" All
,who are not for us are against us. "—( Great cheering.) He had
't few remarks more to offer them. Let him beseech them to
bear in mind, that the public press had but force as being the
people's "organs.—(" The Times," and groans.) If, amid the
changes that took place, it ever happened that the press de-
parted from a fair representation of the popular cause, it
ceased to have power. His remarks applied to the Times at
the present moment, and he would add, that a *lore shuffling,
tru'ckling, dirty, lying paper than the Times could not ex-
ist.—(Continued cheers, and hoots against the Times, with
cries of q The Weathercock.") Did any man dread the
Times ?—( Shouts of derision, and cries of " No.") That
contemptible engine could not exist, now the people knew it
was a dishonest paper.--(Hear.) It had not the excuse of
the old Tory papers ; they have stood by their colours during
the whole contest.--( Hear, hear, hear.) The Times had
gone round and round, and was a base renegade ; it was no-
thing more nor less than a vehicle for private slander.--
( Continued hooting.) They should recollect it was in their
own power. Neither the Times nor any other newspaper
had its living but in their breath.—( Cheers.) As they
would resist the purchase of any filthy publication,
let them refuse to purchase the Times.—(" We will ; we
will.") Three groans were then given for the Times.)
Mr. Roebuck concluded with moving
Major a vote of thanks to the
Chairman
REVELL, in seconding the motion, said the contest in
w
were engaged might be misrepresented : he would
which
ichth they
y .
tell the Duke of Wellington what it was ; it was a contest
between the principle of aristocracy, and the principle of de-
mocracy.—( Cheers.) Having said thus much to his Grace,
he would add one other observation, which he addressed to the
people, it was, that if they did not avail themselves of the
present opportunity, and uphold the principle of democracy,
they were cowards. They had their remedy in their own
hands, and he would tell them what it was.--( Cries of " We
will keep the money.") Yes—they might keep their purse-
stridgs in their own hands : they might imitate the example
set them by their ancestors in 1642, and place the supplies in
the hands of Parliamentary Commissioners.
The CHAIRMAN having briefly returned thanks, the meeting
was on the point cf separating, when an individual appeared
in the gallery before noticed, with a copy of the Times in his
hand. It appearance was immediately hailed with loud groans,
and shouts of " Burn it"—" Tear it." In compliance with the
latter request, it was hastily torn into shreds, and eagerly
caught at by the crowd below. This journal has been fre-
quently cutup—almost as frequently as its columns have been
devoted to different parties ; but we never saw it so frightfully
mutilated before, or in the possession of so many parties at the
same moment. This latter circumstance, by the bye, will per-
haps be a useful hint
iitetnuteop wisatiutosbcpuoetnrdiuctors. It might be acted
upon to any extent, without in the slightest degree affecting
en o'clock.
the
Them
consistencyeeti
meeting
ofro

CLERKENWELL.
A numerous and highly respectable meeting of the inhabi-
tants of the parish of Clerkenwell was held list night, at the
Crown Tavern, Clerkenwell-green, for the purpose of adopt-
ing an-address to his Majesty, at the present fearful crisis, in
supporl of the principles of reform in Church and State. At
an early hour, the room began to fill; and by the time the
chair was taken it was crowded to excess : not less than 600
persona could have been present, and great numbers were un-
able to obtain admittance. Among those present were many
of the most respectable householders in the parish.
Mr. NICHOLSON (the churchwarden) was unanimously
called to the chair.
The CHAIRMAN, in opening the business of the evening, said
that the present was a most important crisis. It was one in
which every one who felt an interest in his country's welfare
must be up and stirring._( Hear, hear.) The subject which
they had met to consider was the dismissal by his Majesty of
the Ministers of Reform-4 Hear, hear)—Ministers who
though perhaps not so active in carrying on their plans of re-
form, were yet in some measure to be excused on account of the
difficulties by which they were surrounded.—( Hear, hear. )
It was now that the extent of those difficulties began to be
known and appreciated. It was now that it began to be known,
that the Throne was surrounded by persons who had all along
been intriguing against the Reform Ministry, and who at last,
when least expected, succeeded unhappily in turning them out.
In regard to Lord Melbourne, they bad not given him even an
opportunity of showing what his intentions were, for he was
turned out without trial.—( Hear, hear.) The act was this.
The Tories were afraid that Lord Melbourne meant to insti-
tute too_searching a reform in all the departments of the State
—in the Church, in corporations, and in the law. They saw
this, and those who pulled the strings behind the Throne,
and who so long had fattened on the spoils of the
people, fearing that they should be robbed of their usual
prey, if time were given him to carry his measures into effect,
determined to get him out at once, in hopes of being able to save
something in the scramble. It was not his wish, or the wish
of those whom he addressed, to dictate to the King whom he
might choose as bis Minister. They disclaimed all such in-
tentions.—( Hear, hear.) The King might choose whomso-
ever he pleased, and from whatsoever class he pleased--but at
the same time they—the people of England—had the un-
doubted right to declare their sentiments on any choice which
the King might make.--( Hear, hear.) If the King was told
that a Tory Government would be agreeable to the country,
he was deceived, and they now assembled to disabuse him.
They all recollected the long reign of Tory rule, or rather
misrule.---( Hear, hear.) To them the country owed the bur-
dens under weich all classes were at present suffering, and a
debt and burden on posterity which could never be cleared off.
This they owed entirely to the corruption and venality of the
Tories. In the reign of George 111. alone a debt had been
accumulated by the Tories, greater than was ever known to be
owing by any nation. They had accumulated a debt of
600,000,000/. It was not, therefore, without reason, that
I they feared being handed over again to the tender mercies of the
Tories..__( Hear, hear, and cheers.) Their creed was, that the
people had nothing to do with the taxes but to pay them,,nor
any thing to do with the laws but to obey them.-_( Hear, and
a laugh.) The Tories would no doubt now endeavour to ca-
jole the people, by a declaration of their anxiety to promote
reform ; but could the people trust those men who were their
(the people's) avowed enemies, and the declared supporters of
corruption.—( No, no I and cheers.) He was sure no such
idea could ever enter their minds.--( Cheering.)
Mr CoPeocK rose to move the first resolution--" That this
meeting declares its intention by every legal means to promote
that complete reform in Church and State which the nume-
rous abuses in each so loudly called for." He was sure that
that was a resolution in which they would all join heart and
hand.—( Hear, hear! and cheers) Till now they had at least
hopes of reform. Reform was advancing. It advanced at a
snail's pace, to be sure, but still it made progress; but now it
was all at once entirely stopped, and that by a faction which for
nearly one hundred years had been the bane of this country.
Mr. HENRY CUNLIFFE seconded the resolution, which was
carried unanimously amidst loud cheering.
Mr. W. HEwlT'r rose to move the next resolution :—.
" That the return to his Majesty's Councils of men of Tory
principles—the supporters of every abuse—the constant opponents
of all reform—and the proved enemies of the liberties of the people,
both at-home and abroad, would disappoint the hopes of the nation,
neutralize the good effects of the Reform Bill, and ultimately lead
to anarchy and confusion."
Mr. STErwErisoiv felt great pleasure in seconding the reso-
lution. Had not the Whigs set on foot the inquiries into Cor-
porate abuse sylopening them up to public exposure, with a
view to their reform ?—( Cheers.) Had they not effected the
great East India improvement, and abolished negro slavery?
Would the Tories have done any of these things ? During
their long period of power, what single measure of improve-
ment did they originate ? On the contrary, were they not
always at work to grind and oppress the people ? And now
that a choice was to he made between them, would the people
prefer their oppressors—( Cries of " No, no.") He would
not, as the Times had done, blame an illustrious lady, in lan-
guage not at all to its credit, and afterwards explain the mat-
ter away in a manner still more discreditable.--( Hear, hear,
and hisses.) The late event was the result of a plot which•
had long been hatched, but which the death of Earl Spencer
brought to light sooner than had been intended. As to what
had been stated in the papers about Lord Melbourne's telling
the King he could no longer carry on the Government, It was
mere moonshine, and such as none but the veriest Tory would
believe.

termination to support the Church ? The cry was for keeping
up what was called the Church, in that perversion of the term
to which be had before adverted. " Keep up the Church,"
say they ; " Keep down the Pipenters." Let every Dissenter
in the country remember that the determination of the Tory
party was to perpetuate the whole of their disabilities ; that
their firm resolve was to afford them no relief.--( Immense
cheerlog!) Was this all ? Were these the only abuses
which tin Tory party woild ROM ? people of

The motion was then carried unanimously.
Mr. MitoPnAtt. said
.the object of the meeting was to inform
his Majesty of the state of public opinion. He was not a
speaker, nor did PO Übe one, as the resolution which he
was about to read would speak for itself. Resolved—" That an
address be presented to his Majesty, praying him to admit to
his Councils such men only as will carry to its utmgst extent
the good of *cll. 019 lier9rM Diu was the beginning-, and as-
