THE SUN. LONDON, SATURDAY, MAY 28, tH:36,

PRICES OF S rocks 'f ii I) AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock.

3 per Cent 1:,al.
.3 per Cent Con. 'il7o4Fi, iti.ith !-ea Stick —
3!4 per Cent
Jitto lied.—
Nlew 3y4 re 7 Cent.... 1001414% 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751._
New 3 per Cent —; Exch. Bills, X.1,!,n0 ... ... 14 l 2 pm.
Bank Long Annuities to expire Ditto '.Ol-, l4 1‘..) pm.
Jan 5, :s('o 15 11-11 i% Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 175,,-,o — i• Ditto Coinm2rcial ... — pin
Jan. 5. IWir . —, Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, N/-10 —l Rank Stock for Account —
April 5, l 9
Jan. 5, 187,, ---(Consols for Account 0.) l'hi 2
Omnium

- pm. 1

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY. AT ONE O'CLOCK
Austrian limb's I Peruvian Bonds
Belgian Bondi lO2 Ditto Account
Ditto Account.

Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Cuillirtt Bonds
Ditto Account

Colitmban Itondi
Ditto Account ...
Columbian Rood% Stk2

i Ditto Account
! Ditto New Bonds 5414 43% 4
Ditto Account 2ll
, Ditto, 3 per cent. 5!:
Prussian Bonds
Itussan Bonds, 1P411.1

- Ditto Account
Ditto Metallic
;Spanish Bonds

i Ditto , Ditto Account. ' .
Account
0
inish Bonds
Ditto AccouNt
Greek Bonds 'l
French, 5 per cent.
Ditto Bonds, i 4-25
Ditto Account
: I
______
`.i,„(pecrhacnenget. ...... .... —1: ...._e.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent
Ditto Account —'Dutch, t? per cent. 57 6:
Ditto 6 per cent
Ditto Account Ditto. 5 per cent. lOl% ;i1;74,
Neapolitan -I Ditto Account •••

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share,
Rhymney Iron 31.ning Company
Eastern Counti s Railway 1 . %
Great Westertf:Railway Company 2O 4r. a
Brighton (Rennie's)
Brighton (Cundy 's) 2 134
London and Gravesend itailway Company 1 0%
London and Greenwich Hallway Company 2'l 27
London and Southampton Railway Company
South Eastern Railway Company 2 4A%
Thames Haven Railway Company
British North American Bank
Colonial Bank
London and Westminster Bank 2O 24'.,
Provincial Bank of Ireland '2s 47

COURSE OF EXCH
Amsterdam C.F. 12 6

Ditto, at sight
Rotterdam U. 12 t”t,

Antwerp l2 514"
Hamburg M.B. 13 14
Alteua l3 I

Paris, 3 days' sight 25 90
Ditto ...............° Us 25 90
Marseilles. _
__ 25 90

Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 154
Petersbuigh, ruble 3 Us. 10 0
Berlin
_ _

Vienna, effective fl eN.IO 11
Trieste ditto lO 12

Madrid

Cadiz..

363,i

37

Biltwa 96 (4

Barcelona ^6!..;

Seville

Sfig

Gibraltar

Arrived. Due.
0 America 1
0 Brazil 1
0 Buenos Ayres 0
0 Cartlinen.. 0
1 Dublin...
0 Flanders 0

NGE YESTERDAY
Leghorn

Ckllo2
Milan...,•.
Venice
Naples 401,4
Palermo per oz. 122
Lisbon 561
Oporto 56%
Rio Janeiro
Bahia
Buenos Ayres -
Dublin, 21 days' sight
Cork

25 85

MAILS.

Arrived. Due. A rnved. Due
1 France 0 0 Lisbon 1
0 Quern. &Jersey l► . 0 Malta
0 Hamburg 0 0 Mexico 1
0 Holland 0 0 Ostend 0
0 Jamaica 0 0 Sweden 0
0 Leeward Islands 1 1 Waterford 0

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
M mning 40 minutes after 0. I Evening 10 minutes after 1

First of June, the Seventh Vol. of

THE CONTINUATION OF
HUME AND SMOLLETT'S

HISTORY OF ENGLAND;
From GEORGE 11. to 1835.
By the Rev. T. S. HUGHES, 8.D.,
Prebendary of Peterborough, late Christian Advocate at Cam-
bridge, Author of " Travels in Greece," &c.
Being the 20th volume of Valpy's only complete and Illustrated
Edition of the History of England, in 21 vols., ss. each, bound
in cloth, and embellished with 80 Engravings.
On the publication of the last Vol. in August, the Conti-
nuation, Vols. 14 to 21, will be advanced in price to 6s. each.
On the first of June also, in large type,
THE THIRD VOLUME, in Bvo. of Mr. Hughes' Continua-
tion, to range with the large Editions of Hume and Smollett. This
portion will be completed in 7 vols. 10s. 6d. each.
Printed and published by A. J. Valpy, M. A., Red Lion-court,
Fleet-street ; and sold by all Booksellers.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o'Clock.

t-0
•_
43-'*. '';').- •-•"-., '''\'''',!.`.l ''t!:.-) 7
1
.:-,..; .., ___ •Ai.t-.7 A ..N. _
. ...&....„..‘,„ ~ . „,.-„,,,,..,....„,,,,,,C,--
.... •-•,-,... ~...,,,,22„...--0 -

at the public dinner which followed the proceedings
out of doors, will be read with interest. They abound
in heart-stirring appeals in behalf of that noble country
to whose interests he is bound by the most indissoluble
ties, in eloquent expositions of the great principles of civil
and religious liberty, and in instances of the happiest ap-
plication of his powers of humour and ridicule to his poli-
tical opponents. To those who accuse Mr. O'CoN-
NELL of wishing to stir up the people of Ireland to
deeds of violence and outrage, we would recommend
the perusal of the following passage, which is all that
our limits will allow us to extract from his admirable
speech to the people of Ipswich :
i I tell it without hesitation—and Ido not care who may
think and take advantage of what I say—that Ireland is
able herself to repeal that Union if she chose ; for there
never yet were seven millions of people who were en-
slaved, and who knew their rights, who could not assert
them, and assert them successfully too.—(Loud cheers.)
But I am not the apostle' of those who would seek for poli-
tical change by force or violence. lam not one of those who
would interfere with the social system, for I say it—and I do
so in the presence of God—that I would not accept any ame-
lioration of our misfortunes, however great or valuable, at the
expense of a single drop of blood.—(Cheers.)

We have letters from St. Sebastian to the 24th inst.
On the evening of the 23d Commodore Lord JOHN
HAY sailed from St. Sebastian on board the Phenix
steamer, with the intention of reconnoitering Passages
previous to General EVANS'S grand attack upon it,
which was to take place on the 25th. From igno-
rance or negligence on the part of the person at the
helm, the Phcenix ran aground off Point Atalaga.
The Carlists were instantly apprised of the danger of the
vessel, and a brisk fire of musketry was opened upon her
from the shore, which was about half a mile distant.
This attention on their part was repaid in kind, and
with a heavy interest, by the enraged Commodore.
Lord JOHN HAY gave orders to throw shells into the
town, which was effected with such admirable pre-
cision, that the Carlists took to their heels without
doing the slightest • damage to any person on board.
It was supposed that the shells did considerable mis-
chief by setting fire to some public buildings. A
boat was dispatched for the Royal Tar steamer,
whose timely arrival was the means of preserving the
Phoenix from otherwise inevitable destruction. For-
tunately she sustained no injury, and after seeing her
safe on her way to St. Sebastian, the Royal Tar
proceeded to Falmouth, where she arrived in safety on
Wednesday afternoon.

Don CARLOS was at Ernani on the 22d, attended
by Generals EGUIA and ITURALDI, at the head of
a military force -amounting to 16,000 men. He was
actively engaged in strengthening the fortifications of
the place, as he hourly anticipated an attack of the Bri-
tish Legion. General CORDOVA, at the head of 22,000
men, was near Vittoria—an indifferent spectator of
the Carlist movements. What his ulterior designs may
be is, we believe, only known to himself. But despite
of the efforts of General EVANS to represent his con-
duct as highly honourable in every point of view, many
officers of the Legion had not hesitated to express dis-
trust of him, and among the men the prevalent feeling
is, that the defeat of the Legion would delight him more
than ten victories gained over Don CARLOS.
We regret to state that Lieutenant-Colonel
MITCHELL and Lieutenant CHADWICK, died of the
wounds received by them on the morning of the sth
inst. before St. Sebastian. The one died on the 23d,
and the other on the day following.

There is a storm gathering in the Canadas. It is a
doubtful matter whether the Upper or the Lower pro-
vince will he first exposed to its devastating influence.
In both the people are goaded on by agitators, whose
real object is not reform but revolution. Their de-
mands only increase by concession. We do not mean
to have it inferred that the Government has acted im-
prudently in conceding largely to the wishes of the
people. On the contrary, it did no more than its duty
in endeavouring to remove abuses originating in the
system of administering the functions of the Executive.
We moreover frankly admit that the Canadians have still
many real grievances to complain of—grievances which
we should rejoice to see them endeavour to remove by
every constitutional means. We have no dread of
agitation so long as the people have a definite object
in view; but we do dread it when those by whom it is
carried on make a mystery of their ulterior designs.
The people of Upper Canada are now in a state of
ferment because they cannot exercise a control over
the Legislative Council appointed to advise the Lieut.
Governor in the discharge of his onerous duties. Upon
what principle, will it be supposed, that the Canadians
seek to make the Council responsible ? The answer
is contained in two addresses from-Toronto, dated the
25th of March, and presented to Sir FRANCIS BOND
HEAD, the Lieutenant-Governor, praying his Excel-
lency to dismiss his present Council. In these ad-
dresses, copies of which are now before us, the Cana-
dians assert that they were promised a Constitution, the
transcript of the British ; that the British Constitu-
tion enforces the responsibility of his Majesty's ad-
visers ; therefore the responsibility of the Legislative
Council is strictly conformable to the spirit of the
British Constitution, and their right as British subjects.
I❑ the answers of his Excellency to these Addresses,
the Canadians are referred to the Constitutional Char-
ter of the Canadas (31st Geo. 111. chap. 31), which
enacts the irresponsibility of the Legislative Council
—a statute which he had neither the power nor the
will to alter. The absurdity of the theory put forth
by the Canadian agitators, and swallowed by the un-
thinking multitude, is thus admirably exposed by the
Lieutenant-Governor :
" Supposing it were to be argued that four-fifths of the
members of your House of Assembly ought immediately to he
dismissed, because, in proportion to the population of Great
Britain and Ireland, there exist five times as many members
here as in the English House of Commons, would you not
think it very irrational that this noble but thinly-peopled co-
lony should be made the exact image and transcript' of the
British Constitution, merely because Colonel Simcoe hap-
pened to use these words ? Would you not immediately ap-
peal to your Constitutional Act on the subject ?
Would you deem it just that a young rising province like
this should be afflicted with the same expensive machinery
requisite for the government of the mother country, 4,000
miles off?

" Would you not very fairly argue, that as the whole popula-
tion of this immense country exceeds only by one-third that
If the single parish of St. Marylebone, in London—and as
she whole of its revenue does not equal the private fortune of
many an English commoner, it would be unreasonable to ex-
pect that the people of this province should be ruined in vainly
attempting to be the "exact image and transcript " of the
British constitution ?
" But the constitution which his Britannic Majesty George
111. granted to this province ordained no such absurdities ;
and you have only to read that constitution to see quite clearly
the truth of this assertion."

The real motives of the persons most clamorous for
constitutional changes in the Government of Upper
Canada arc also pointed out with a straightforwardness,
and repudiated with an energy, worthy of the repre-
sentative of our Most Gracious SOVEREIGN :
" The political party which demand responsibility for my
Council know perfectly well that the power and patronage of
the Crown are attached to it : and it is too evident, that if they
could but obtain this marrow, the empty bone of contention—
namely, responsibility to the people, they would soon be too
happy to throw away ; and from that fatal moment would all
those who nobly appreciate liberty, who have property to lose,
and who have children to think of, deeply lament that they
had listened to sophistry, had been frightened by clamour, and
had deserted the representative of our Gracious Sovereign to
seek British justice from his mute but confidential advisers.
This supposition, however, I will not permit to be realized ;
for never will I surrender the serious responsibility I owe to
the people of this province."

On the demand thus formally made by the Cana-
dians, we may be allowed to make one observation, as
regards the constitutional principle involved in it,
which has escaped the notice of the Lieutenant-
Governor. England cannot give the Canadians a
" transcript of her Constitution," and at the same

~

.
time govern the• Canadas as provnies deNndent on
the British Crown. It' she did, the attempt so to
govern them would be a violation of thy' Constitution.
This requires but a moment's reflection, to be obvious
to a child. Again, the British Constitution is con-
tent with a single responsibiiity. Ministers are re-
sponsible, because the Crown cannot be made so ;
for, were the K ING legally responsible, his Ministers
would be held guiltless of all acts performed in the
name, and by the command of his MAJESTY. Now,
in the Canadas, time representative of the SOVEREIGN
is personally responsible for every act of his Govern-
ment, and therefore it is contrary to the theory of our
Constitution to extend that responsibility to others.
But the most impoitant part is, that his MAJESTY'S
advisers here, answering to the Legislative Council
appointed in the Canadas—we mean the ordinary
members of the Privy Council—are not responsible for
any advice which they may give their SOVEREIGN, when
not composing the actual Administration or Cabinet.
Thus the demands of the Canadians are made in sheer
ignorance of the principles of that Constitution, of
which nothing less than a transcript will content them.
On the 26th of March the House of Assembly
addressed the Lieutenant-Governor on the same sub-
ject, stating that the New Council did not enjoy its
confidence, and praying his Excellency to remove it.
In his answer to that address Sir F. B. HEAD main-
tains his right to act according to his own unbiassed
judgment, as one branch of the Legislature ; and re-
pudiates the conduct of the House as premature, and
ill-advised. Thus the affair rests at present, but we
anticipate results from it fraught with danger to the
colonists themselves, and much annoyance and expcnse
to this country.

The Paris Papers of Thursday, just received, con-
tain the report of an interesting debate in the Cham-
ber of Deputies on the Abolition of Slavery in the
French Colonies. The opposition to the question was
weak, and the evils of slavery so generally admitted,
that we may look forward to see France, at no distant
day, following the philanthropic footsteps of England.
It was admitted on all sides that compensation was
due to the Slave-owners.

We find little else in these papers except accounts
of the repeated proofs of affection given by (he King of
PRUSSIA to his illustrious guests, the Dukes of OR-
LEANS and NEMOURS. The following are extracts :

PARIS, MAY 25.—1 t is affirmed that M. Thiers intends to
make a tour to the banks of the Rhone, after the close of the
Session. He may then meet with great personages in that
country in the course of the summer. The Emperor Nicholas
will come to Emes for the Empress, who is going to that
place for the benefit of the waters. The King of Prussia is
expected in his Rhenish provinces ; lastly, Prince Metternich
is said to intend paying his annual visit to his fine estate of
Johannis Cerg.
A letter frorri Algiers, of 14th May, says :—" We have
news of M. Maurice, who is at Miliaria, and was about to be
sent to Mascara. He is very well treated by the Arabs, who
believe that they have in their power a great merchant. It
seems that Mademoiselle Durand, after having resisted with
all her might the men who had carried her off, insulted them,
that they might kill her, which one of the barbarians is said at
last to have done, if we may believe the report of an inha.
bitant of Belida. The Arab who killed Mademoiselle Durand
was beheaded by his own countrymen, for by the maxims of
the Koran it is forbidden to kill a woman."

A letter from Algiers to the Samaphore of Marseilles an-
nounces that " since M. Maurice, his servant, and Madlle.
Durand were carried off, another servant was captured in the
country, about a league from Bouffarick ; he was taken to the
tribe of the Hadjutes. Being left to the care of three men,
he watched for a moment when two of his keepers being fast
asleep could not oppose his flight, took one of their clubs, and
when the sentinel turned his back struck him a vigorous blow,
which laid• him prostrate, and then hastened to return to his
master as quickly as the darkness of the night would permit."
—Messager, May 26.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Paats, MAY 26.
Five per Cents., 107 f. B,!c. 75c. 85c. 90c.
Four per Cents., 101 E 2.5 c.
Three per Cents., 81f. 65c. 75c. Suc.
National Loan. 107 f. 75c.
Bank Actions, 2,280 f.
Rente de Naples, 1021. 55c. 135 c.
Roman Five per Cents., 102%1A.
Spanish Actives, 43', 43.
Spanish Ditleres, 1:0
Spanish Passives, 13 12% 13.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 103.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents.. 82.
Portuguese Three per Cents 54 53%.
Hay tian Loan, 402 f. 50c. 405 t.
EXCHA NOE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25c. 37 ; money, 251.
riree mouths, paper, 25f. 23c. ; money, 23f. tiac
o. rs ifutbentiguc.

BOURSE, QUARTER TO FOUR.—The Three per Cents.
Qpened at 81f. 75c., and are now at 81f. 90c. The settling day
being at hand, some demand for that stock has taken place.
Spanish Active Stock opened at 43, and is now 434.
LAST PRICES.—Five per Cents., 107 f. 90c. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. 85c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, —; Gueb-
hards, Differes, 15 ; New Loan, —; Actives, 43 ; Pas-
sives, 13 ; Ducats, 102 80 ; Romans, 102/ —; Pedros, 82 ;
Belgians, 103 ; Dutch, —f. —c. ; Haytians, 405 f. —c. ;
Aliguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 20 ; Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, 20/; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan,
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, May 21.
FOREIGN FUNDS. fills. Money.
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.

Ditto ditto 4 per cent.
Ditto ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto Bank Shares 13,7 1365
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Anglo-Russian Loan ... lO6 1061/6
l'aper 1 tiscription, 6 per cent. — _
Itus3ian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series ...
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bends. 5 per cent BOl4
Ditto 3 per COIL 5l 50%
Thad) :11, per Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents _
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents.

....
. . .
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 7 N 74!,:i
Norwegian Loan of 1834, 4 p,,r cents
!Spanish, in piastres, :1 per Cent.
Cortos Loan, 5 per Cent
Greek 4 per cents. 1833, guaranteed by France 93tAi DS
EXCHANGE:B ON LoNooN.
11.Amitt,R0, Mali 24.-13 1.• IA ; two tnonths, 13814.
Smilax, MAY 21. Three Thonthg, 6. '25 •
STOCttIioLM, MAY 17.—Two months. 12•
•2,
BREMEN, MAY 20 —Two months, t:O3.
—Hamburg Papers, May 24.

The Pitt Club held their Anniversary Meeting yes-
terday, and a most disconsolate meeting it must, have
been. Lord ELDON was absent—the Duke of WEL-
LINGTON was absent—Sir R. PEEL was absent.
There were no LYNDHURST'S—no .MANSFIELDS
no WINCIIILSEAS—not even a LONDONDERRY—
so the poor deserted Club, in default of better atten-
dance, was compelled to put up with Mr. RICE
TREVOR, as Chairman, and Lord IVIArroN as chief
spokesman. " How are the mighty fallen ! " Who
would ever have believed, in the year 1826,
that in 1836 only ten short years after
the Pittites could have procured no abler advocate
of their principles, than the Patrician scribe, who
turned the history of " Belisarius" into a farce ?
Among the toasts given at this melancholy IVleetin,
was the following one by the Chairman The
health of the Duke of WELLINGTON and the
House of Lords." The last part of this toast is pecu-
liarly appropriate ; for their Lordships' health,
is, it must be confessed, in a most ricketty
condition. Nor is it likely to be greatly im-
proved by the agitation their " amendments" have
occasioned. Their determination by this time
we suspect is somewhat shaken. But for what pur-
pose does this knot of Insignificants, calling them-
selves the PITT Club, meet ? The PITT party has
long descended with its kindred corruption to the
tomb of the Capulets ; and unless the persons, whose
speechifying and eating exploits have been thrust upon
our notice, be not possessed of a most inordinate love
of vulgar notoriety, they will cease to assume a title
to which they have no kind of claim. By retiring to
their proper places in society they may eat their dinners
in privacy, without drawing down upon their conduct
the public scorn and laughter.

Lord Melbourne has so much recovered from his late
severe attack of influenza and gout, that he has been able to
ride out on horseback since he went to Brocket Hall.
Mr. S. C. Whitbread will give a beef-steak dinner
to the members of the Cabinet, eu Saturday nest, in Eaten-
place.
Next Monday week, the London mail will arrive in
this town at eight in the morning. Twenty years ago, the hour
was two in the ofternnon ; this is a vast acceleration, but th
mails will arrive still earlier when the railways are fumeci.—
Nottingham Review.
The gardener of J. Severn, Esq., of Penybont,
Radnorshire, who, about five months since, was bitten by a dog
in a rabid state, died in a state of madness a few days ago,
leaving a wife and four small children.
