Si 14] N "'NG E ;. r I()

They had almost all the nations of the earth arrayed in peaceful
competitniodnu,atgavy.inssktiltih,eumud.
ing;hheeymhaandurfaiveatulsveins
etlfieeitrhpervospie)entilltey.,
in
nhetier hadi -behind them an
wisdom and liberality in their laws, couldg
immenseistn population in wantd
of all the means of subsistence. but extreme care, an
commercial interests, and while thelw
(Cheers.) Men might talk ofnowt save them
agricultural
disputingin interests and
hte.se,
matters, they might, like the Indiayn conqut-or
eesbeoitiretdden
under foot by the elephants in their own rear.—(Hear hear.)
Every man in this country had an interest in having its com-
merce extended with other nations, and they could not hope
for that, unless they took the corn of these countries in return,
to enlarge their commerce with them. Landlords and farmers
might talk after dinner in support of the Corn-laws, but there
was a voice more powerful than that of farmers after dinner,
and that was the cry of men Who had no dinner at all. —( Loud
cheers.) The legislation of past times was for the purpose
not of keeping up a steady price, but of a steady dear price ;
and dearly did the agriculturists pay for that ; for the
Act of 1815 (Hear, hear) which was intended to
keep up a steady dear price, failed in its object, and all
they did was in scarce years to starve the people, and in dear
years to ruin the farmer.---( Hear, hear.) What the country
wanted was, what the landlords professed to want, a steady
equable price. He spoke in the presence of bankers and ri
merchants, and he would ask them as commercial men, whether
there was any mode so effectual for obtaining steadiness of
prices as extending the surface of the market, and procuring
grain from other countries when wanted ?—(Hear, hear.)
With regard to the graduated scale, he would not enter into
any detailed arguments on that plan, for be thought it most
obnoxious, and it would make the business of .a Merchant a
gambling concern.—( Hear, hear.) There were many different
opinions entertained as to the measures which ought to be pur-.
sued on this subject. Twenty persons could not meet without
entertaining different opinions.. They had now met in that
Hall to agree on the remedies to be applied to the grievance
which they all deplored. The course proposed to be adopted,
and which he thought the meeting would be of opinion was a
prudent course, was only to determine that they required a
remedy, and to leave it to the wisdom of Par-
liament to suggest onc.—(Hear, hear, hear.) He was an
advocate for free trade in the fullest sense of the word.—
(Cheers.) But he was not an advocate for the immediate re-
vocation of long-established laws in a mixed state of society, ,
where various and conflicting interests were involved, and con-
tracts had been entered into. He thought as was done with
respect to the abolition of slavery, that means should be taken
to protect the interests of innocent parties, and to prevent them
being exposed to ruin and loss for the good of the community.
He hoped that some means would be devised for a small fixed
duty—(Cries of "No, no"), to expire as soon as possible.--
(Cheers.) An attempt ought.to be made to unite the various
and conflicting interests of this country, and to make it great,
prosperous, and free. It should not be forgotten that there was
a great debt to struggle against, unparalleled in the history of
the world, and which as honest men, they were bound to pay
—or to try to pay.—(Hear, and laughter.) The only means
of paying off that debt was for every good citizen to join in one
laborious and industrious effort to perform their public and pri-
vate duties, and it was the duty of the Government, improving
as the people were in knowledge and intelligence, to make laws
and institutions suitable to the age in which we lived.—(Heer.)
He begged therefore to move—
" That the increased and increasing population of this coun-
try, and the competition of foreign countries wish our manufac-
tures and commerce, rendered it necessrry that Parliament
should take into its immediate consideration an alteration of the
existing Corn-laws."—(Cheers.)
SAMSON RICARDO, Esq. seconded the resolution. He
should only weaken the effect of what the Gentleman who
moved the resolution load said, and therefore he begged to
leave to other gentlemen better qualified the discussion of this
subject.—( Hear, hear.)
A Mr. ATKINSON begged to move an amendment. It
would be in the knowledge of a great many present that two or
three years ago a Commission was issued to investigate the
causes of the distressed state of the hand-loom weavers. The
Commissioners had given a full and clear exposition of what
ought to be done. The Corn-laws formed one of the questions
which had come under their notice in their inquiries. The
Currency was another. The effect of competition by means 1
of machinery was another. The hand-loom weavers at a public
meeting had requested him (Mr. A.) to undertake their cause.
In the course of their examination that commission had taken
evidence of the highest class, that of Smith, Ricardo, and
IPCulloch, and only one of these authorities had ventured to
bring the great question of changing the home trade to a
foreign one on a solid basis--(Uproar and cries of " Questio.,")
—upon which the speaker concluded by moving the following
resolutions :
" I.—That this meeting acknowledges and deplores the de-
pressed and impoverished condition of a great portion of the
labouring population of the country.
" 2.—That this condition is affected, in a most material de-
gree, by the laws which are enacted for the purpose of directing
or controlling the operations of trade.
" 3.—That of all .the laws which have been framed by the
Legislature, the most influential in their effects on the physical
condition of the community, are those which have been affixed
to the great agricultural production of corn. - •
" 4.—That it is the opinion of this meeting that the persons
who are interested in this vast source of home production have
no greater claim to production, and have no right to the enjoy-
ment of privilege beyoni that which appertains to the possessors
of every other kind of national property.
" s.—That the existing national emergency, together with
the peculiar state of the commercial and manufacturing indus-
try of fore:go countries, render it a matter of paramount im-
portance that the policy of the Corn-laws, as well as the policy
of all other laws which have been enacted for the purpose of
commercial protection, should undergo a prompt and a most
searching investigation.
" 6.—That as the result of such investigation must he fa-
vourable either to the principle of commercial freedom, on the
one hand, or to the principle of commercial regulation on the
other, so, whichever it may be proved is the true principle, the
operation of that ought forthwith to be adopted, without excep-
tion or partiality, to the various interests of the State.
7.—That in thus statisg opinions and wishes, this meeting
desires to express most emphatically, that it has in view, in the
first place, the good of those members of the community whose
condition is so lamentably depressed. That its object is net to
render the rich more affluent, but to raise the poor and destitute
to a participation in those advantages which a gracious and
benevolent Creator has ordained for the benefit of all mankind.
" Lastly.—That two petitions be drawn up in accordance
with the above resolutions, for the purpose of being present ed
'to Parliament. That the Duke of Wellington be requested to
present one to the House of Lords, and that the Members for
the City of London be requested to present the other to the:
House of Commons."

mous wealth and power, and take their place amongst thel
rulers.—(Hear.) But for these laws many of those nos
would have remained miserable cotton spinners for life.__
(Cheers and laughter.) He believed any tax upon foad
to be most mischievous and impolitic ; and that opinion,
he was happy to say, was daily gaining ground amorg't
them.—( Cheers.) There were many landed proprietors WOO
might.be supposed to have contrary opinions, who had declared
their wish to have the Corn-laws repealed. They had sub-
mitted that:one class could not thrive upon the grievances and
injustice inflicted upon the other.—( Cheers. ) He believesi
that their repts would be more regtdaily paid, and that the is.-
terests of all classes would be better attended to, on the prin-
ciple, that Whatever contributed to the happiness and pros-
perity of the nation at large, must be• beneficial to them in-
dividually. Many supposed that, to effect an alteration in the
Corn-laws, would be an encroachment on the rights of pro-
perty. But he would like to ask the landowners who argued
thus, whether they were not aware that a great depression had
fallen upon property of every sort, at the termination of the
war ? Had not the East and West India monopolies been
abolished ?—( Hear, hear.) Were not manufacturers, and shop-
keepers, and merchants, and all classes suffering from depres-
sion, and driven to then. wits' ends to make any profit at all ?
The population had, since the pres,nt Corn-laws
vi.ere e,ta-
lr-b bed, inereased by, some millions:, but the laud which was to
maintain them e
arillov not
above
ilk_ u
iT
supply, It was
217 e. —(
ileargrseir ' growing* more hear.)
rrre and mo
re
above 'The
alreadyi
above the supply every. day Our neighbours abroad would
gladly make up the deficiency if they were permitted to do so.
—(lleas., hear.) If from America or Europe corn were sent
to this country, our labour and skill would find a market in re-.
turn—(Cheers)
(vieest
tioi
tnuitlezni t. ''
which eiols.el dvati
iheed
isnupt
hpeolca.
—and thus the evil would be prevented, which
otherwise must arise from corn repeatedly arriving at " star-
eursidorfyi,
made converts to the cause of repeal (Hear, hear.) He
hueleCyo,r,no-uliadws•susreeelythbee
feared this country Was now upon the brink of a frightful preci-
pice, at all events we were on the ere of a great crisis. The
want of food, let it never be forgotten, led to many crimes.
—( Hear, hear.) It was the parent even of revolution.—(Hear,
hear.) Let the landowners take warning in,time. He prayed
to Heaven that thus the peace of the country might be pre-
servf, and a proper remedy applied to this growing evil. In
conclusion he moved a petition to Parliament founded on
these resolutions.—( Cheers. )
A person named FARIIEN here tried to move an amendment
which it was found was the Chartist one previously negatived,
so he was utterly extinguished by overwhelming noise.
Mr. HEATH seconded the resolution.
Mr. Fa nil,. a then retired, having been told by the Lord
Mayor that he could not put his amendment, as it had already
been negatived under a different form by the meeting.
Mr. MITCHELL thereproceeded to move an amendment to
the resolution, but he spoke amidst such uninterrupted uproar '
that two consecutive sentences did uot reach us. We under- ,
stood him to say that a total abolition of the Corn-laws i
Was the only means of benefiting the working classes.—(Cries ,
of " Down.") He would move that every man should hare l
a quartern loaf—that every man in the country should have a.
good day's pay for a good day's labour.--( The storm of hisses I
was here almost deafening.) He would ask them if they weri. i
Englishmen, or a fleck of brutes ?—( Laughter and renewsei
confusion.) He heard it said that it was idle for him to ad-
dress the meeting, and that he would not be reported in the
newspapers.—( Uproar.) He should be heard, however, or
else he would keep them there till evening.
After a faw more rambling observations, and loud cries of i
" Off, off," he concluded by moving a resolution which nobody I
seconded, and which therefore fell to the ground. f
Mr. TRAVERS then moved that Sir Matthew Wood be re- ;
-
queaed to present the petition, and that those Members of
Parliament connected with the Corporation be requested to
support it.
The motion having been seconded, it was carried unani- i
mously.

Mr. Gaon: moved that the cordial thanks of the meeting
be given to the Right Hon. Sir Chapman Marshall, Lotd
Mayor, for his readiness to convene the meeting, and his abi-
lity in "presiding over it..—(Cheers.) He was quite sure 'hat
the meeting would bear testimony to the liberality a•'d the
good feeling with which the Chief Magistrate had discharged
his duty that day —( Cheers.) He (Mr. Grote) was certain ri
that there would be perfect unanimity on that point, and he re-
jo;ccd to think there had been almast perfi et unanimity with
regard to the object for which that meeting was convened. Hc,
could have no hesitation in expressing his utter disapprobatfixt
of the existing Corn-laws.—( Hear, hear, and cheering. :
As to the mode of the alteratisn, he would not enter into that

ittheemLn
Legislature gi t withinur e thetl scope
mane,) rf 4.
in which this was to be effected. He, for one, was for a total j
1 thizeesptiroensennotwn—teehteindgi(tionPitrecsocnrisbideetro
, repeal.—(Loud cheers.) Other gentlemen were not pre-
pared to no to that length—he was rot the less obliged to ;
them-for their support, as he was convinced that an alteration
would be a measure of general utility to the country._
1 (Cheers.) One of the resolutions called upon the Members
fur the City to sup iport the prayer of the petition. They might
rest assured that their instructions should be faithfully and
I literally executed—(Great cheering)—and when be saw such 1
Ia numerous and respectable meeting as the present as- i
sembleci together to discuss this question, he rejoiced i
that he had been one who had taken part in the
i
I discussion of this question during the last Session
1 of Parliament, and had done his best to obtain for them the
j benefit of this repeal. He believed that the existing Corn-
! laws were detrimental not to one class of the community l
alone, but all, without exception, were suffering pain from
it.—(Cheers) But it there was one portion of the country I
•
which mere than another suffered fenn the existence of those
laws, it was the city of London with its industrious and mime- '
roue population—( Cheers)—ins mercantile interests and its 1
mercantile capital.--(Cheers.) The existing Corn-laws, first
and foremast; interfered in the most marked manner with tie,
comfort and well-being of the working classes of the country.
—(Cheers.) In that conviction he was opposed to them.
Mr. Webs, in the course of his observations that day. had,
:aid that the rich were already rich enough, and he did net i
wish to make them richer. He would revetse that propositie.„.
and say that. the peor were already poor enough, and he di", not wish to make them poerer.—( Loud cheering. ) The
laws did make them poorer, and therefore he we; oppos„.ed
to there. These laws itiflicted two evils, either of which !
singly was sufficient to produce great evil ; hut, 'teeth together, I
produced a gigantic evil that was almeet intolerable, I
Li the first place they inereeseet greatly the '!trice of the daily i
fioil of the working mail, and in the neat place they increased j
t: e fluctuations in that price —(Cheer?.) He had listened j
with great delight to the observations of Mr. Horsley Palmer as
to the misehievon, effects produced on the currency and trade i
of the country ; such testimony was valuebie, acd mid not faik
to receive attention from the Legislature. While he lead
preeLcted in the debate of iiiet year that these evils would arise, •
be had hardy expected to see his predictions so spee,7ely ful-
fdle-e. He ascribed a large portion of the evils tur:ier which-
the currency and commerce of the country was nov suffering to
the existence of the Co. n-laws, and he felt assured that if what
they had suffered within the last twelve nuone'ns did not call the
attention of the Legislature too the subject, and if some altera-
tion were not made in (towel 'wilco, similar distress would be ,
again the result. He could assure thane that his best off ees'
should be given in Parlient to obtain the object of the meet- '
ing, an alteration of the Corn-lawe, and the nearer that alters-
tion was carried to a total repeal, the more would it meet the '
)
object of his wishes.—( Cheers.)
Mr. CRAWFORD then came forward, and was received with i
loud applause. Ile said the pleasing duty had devolved on
him of seconding the motion of his Hon. Colleague. Any gen- '
tleman who had attended the meeting that day, must have seen
how largely they were indebted to the Lord Mayor for his -
attention. He would take that opportunity of express.l
ing his entire concurrence in the character of the petition,
which be thought calculated to obtain the grand object; whiten i
they had in view. He had been directed to give that object his i
best attention, and his constituents might rest assured Ora he .
would do so.

Mr. HERRING, of Aldersgate Ward, seconded the amend,
ment.

Mr. TRAVERS said he only rose to give the Meeting a word
of caution, which was not to permit their attention to be di-
verted from the object of the meeting by amendments, which
he looked upon as an insidious movement on the part of the
enemy.—( Cheers.) The real object of the meeting was to
bring the consideration of the Corn-laws before Parliament
in an effectual and proper manner. Men of the most dif-
ferent political opinions had joined together to bring forward
this subject, and it was better that the attention of Parlia-
ment should be directed to it in a discreet rather than in a vio-
lent manner. Parliament would be more inclined to listen to
them, and to grant them a more effectual remedy. He
thought it best to give them this caution. No one' who
knew him, could doubt his sympathy for the working
classes, but he thought the better way of bringing this matter
under the consideration of Parliament, was to acquiesce in the
resolutions which these gentlemen had proposed ; but he
warned them to beware of any insidious attempts which might
be made to draw off their attention by the proposing of any
amendments, to none of which he hoped they would agree. As
he should have to address them on another resolution, he would
not now exhaustlimself by addressing them at greater length.
Mr. GOULDING then came forward, and said he rose not
for the purpose altogether of opposing the resolution which
had been proposed, but of proposing an addition to it. The
working men ought to be perfectly well aware that a repeal of
the Corn-laws would not work those miracles which the Corn-
law League would lead them to believe.—(Uproar and cheers,
with loud cries of " A Chartist, a Chartist.") One great ar-
gument in all the speeches they. had heard was, that the
speakers wished to benefit the working classes—(Cheers)—
but it would not benefit them to give a small taste of victuals
ouly—(Cheers)—but they must fill their belly constantly with
good and wholesome food.—( Cheers and uproar.) It was not
a shadow only that would benefit them.--(Cheers and uproar. )
They should take steps for the repeal not only of the Corn-laws
but of every other bad law that oppressed the people. —( Cheers. 1
The repeal of the Corn-laws was only one part of the rotten
stem of the tree—they should dig at the root of the tree and up-
root the evil.—(Cheers.) It was not enough for him to hove a
cheap loaf while his employer Lad it in his power to reduce his
wages.—( Great uproar.) While he had a cheap loaf he must
have his wages protected.—( Confusion. ) He must have an
assurance that when the Corn-laws should be repealed and the 1
loaf be reduced to 4d. he should have the same money that he .
had now.—( Great uproar.) If he had only fourpence to pur-
chase a fourpetny loaf, in what would he be better off than he
was at present? The repeal of the Corn-laws would not repaal
the tax on tea—(Laughter)—or, the tax on coffee—( Great
laughter)—or the tax on every necessary of life.--( Laughter and
cheers.) He wished to say one thing more.—( Great confusion. )
If he stood there all day he would be heard.—( Great uproar.)
Tho addition to the resolution which he intended to propose
was, that the only sure means of benefiting the working classes
would be 133 Parliament granting to them their franchise, with
a repeal of the Corn-laws.—( Great cheering.) If those pre-
sent were Corn-law repealers, they would see that he was not
against them, but he wanted a security that he should be h
a better condition than he was now when these Corn-laws were
repealed—(Cheers)—and the only way to do that was to give
to every working man a voice in sending representatives to Par-
Lament—(Cheers)—and in making those taxes which he wes
compelled to pay.—( Cheers.) He had no doubt—( Great
It UNJEET -----"-S
I N G:—.-"----------.WE .a_ rreoußre.G.pested to state
up-
roar and confusion, accompanied with. hissing) -people might
hiss, but he was not to be put down so easily--(Cheers)—
those who hissed might. be the friends of some classes, but they that Mr. Colburn, of Great Iklailbo
were not the friends of the working classes. It had been said published " The Court and C
in
that meeting that day that they would do all in their power G. W. Osborne, AI i 1 i tar y Teclir °eft all; ;tit oj ehettlsite'lG:negot'' ‘':E:hrbnYostrthh•eGi:Hendoeany-.
to benefit the working classes. bat the moment
aasw,orkiogd ral of India, in 1 vol. Bvo., with 16 Engraving! from Original
'cstken on the spot; price 155., bound ; which can
man came before them, , that moment they met Drawings,
flow le, had of all Booksellers. Mr. Colburn has also just
11111.1ished " A Pilgrimage to Palestine,"
him with cries of " Off, off."—(Cheers, and great confusion,
and cries of " Question.") Unless the franchise w
to the working men this repeal of the Corn chic
would doing
Monk of La T
good.
He would now put his amendment in the hands of the price 215., bound.
rappe, in 2 vols., post Bvo., with Illustrations,
by N. J De Gera mb,
Lord Mayor,' feeling confident that it would not want a se-
conder. THE LONDON COFFEE AND EATING-HOUSE
conder.
Mr. MoaRISON SeC4II4(I the amendment. ASSOCIATION.—At a very full meeting of the members of the
The Loan MAYOR then put the amendment of Mr. Atkin. London Coffee and Eating-house AssociaSion, held at An-
son, and declared it to be negatived. derton's Hotel, Fleet-street, on Monday- evening, it was
Mr. Go u Lin ti n's amendment, in aetdhddoiuttiototrailtnozorntahnee resolution
was then put and negatived—two-thirds of the meeti.ng voting petition
unanimously agreed to present a petition, forthwith to Par-
liament, of which the following is a copy •—" The bumble
in
i‘favour
goAf
sthe R
soriginal
er evi,sealsutdieoinigwh Petition of the Coffee and Eating-'nouse-keepers in Lon-
that the Lord Mayor had decided that the original resolution dun, Showeth, that your petitioners are, within the
was carried—( Tremendous eheering)—because:
.although he metropolitan district, a numerous body of tax-payers to
heartily approved of the addition to the reso utien—(Loud her Majesty's revenue. That, in the relief recently given
cheers)— yet he believed it foreign to their presenti purpose.
He begged to express his gratification that the questing of the to trade generally, certain taxes were taken off, more esp.-
Corn-laws, unfettered by any conditions whatever, should at cially the taxes on shopmen ; yet, notwithstanding, your
consideration.—(Hear, :t1 e
thera ti opnr.o—p r Ustl; a;rd st,iillhraettyaoinuerdpientittilownesrcsheadruele(
poafrrteictuuriano
last be brought under their thepet 1 tion
assessorse rs
o names
rases.
If there had been any doubt
holding 4ar.)for their
the eaug-housekeepers) obliged to keep a person to fetch be
I
customers dinners, which person is charged in the
only look to tha names, the chat'.
the' present meeting, let the
sition, among whom
he _ those who had signed the requi- schedule of taxes as a male servant, and paid for accordingk.
classes,(Uproa (Uproar.)
it Twhaesy Garde
ratter, and the influence ofmfYour petitioners humbly conceive this to be so unjust, that I
they are willing to believe it to be absolutely a mistake that I had the honour of ranking himself.— the law gave relief to large firms who keel lb() shopmen, and
there as the friend of the working not to your petitioners ; they therefore' humbly pray Your
most
.desirable to have their aid in a question
like the present. He was lad that a question which had agi- Honourable House will grant diem the it relief, by putting tlusm
fated the country from onegextremity to another had at length on an equality with other shopkeepors,—And your petitioners
come under the consideration of the metropolis.—(Cheers.) will eVer pray."
It was a t.' ques ion of vital importance to both the growers and Tito Court of Session has granted an interdict, i
the consumers of corn; and he believed, moreover, that it had on the application of the Magistrates and Town Council of i
now been. brought forward in a wholesome and proper manner. Dundee, to prohil4O and discharge the holding of non-ir.trusioa !
It had been brought up in such a manner as would not allow meetings in an:i of the town churches. The Note of Swipe- i
it to be passed over without a strong, a prompt, and a vigor. slog and Literdict refers especially to certain parties two had 1
ous remedy—(Cheers.) The resolutions were of the most annour.,:ea " a meeting of the members and friends of the !
temperate—indeed he might term them milk and water charac- Vouroh of Scotland, favourable to the principle of non-irqu- ;
ter ; but it would be understood elsewhere what they meant. 'ion," to be held in the Steeple Church
on Tuesday last. is I
and there was little doubt that the grievances they compkineJ I was opposed by the Magistrates, whoa pplied to the Courttioef •
of would be remedied. Their resolutions were temperate, but Session to prohibit and discharge all persons from enteral 1,
by that means they would be enabled to carry. panthers, and said churches to hold or attend any such meetingbr meetings..tn_ .
to carry all c;asses with teem. His individual opinion w:3 (and The Court without hesitation, appointed the Note to beittniter_
he had never suppresied it) that tarts Corn laws were an oato• tett in common form, and in the meantime granted the I
lerable evil and burden upon the country ; that they had de- diet.—Glasgow Chronicle.
ranged the monetary system, that root of All evil, paralysing LOYALTY OF THE PLouGir.--The
their commerce kry slow and sure degrees.—(Cheers.) The-
y and Agricultural Society of Scotland, at the anniversary I
had already destroyrd their manufntures to a great degree, meeting of that most influential public body, CO the reconnnefal- ii
Highland
44 woold work still greater evil if *they were not quickly re • ' dation of the Board of Directors, unanimously voted a toys
11,
pealed. These laws had enabled many meti who, 60 or 70 and dutiftd address to the Queen on the happy years ago were among the working classes, to rise up to enor- . Majesty's marriage. occasion of li
;,,

The motion was then put by Mr. GROTE, and caer',ed amid
great cheering.
Sir M. Wool) then came forward to address the meetine.
amid much cheerieg. He should not detain them more than
few minutes. He promised them that he, as one of their re-
presentatives, would faithfUlly perform the duty which they had
calledupon him to discharge. He would most gladly and cheerfully
present their petition to the Hou.e of Commons.—(Cheers. )
He had always voted against the Corn-laws, and he had stili
stronger reasons on the present occasion for doing se. He was
firmly convinced that the Corn-laws were a great evil, and as a
proof of that he need only say, that in the village where he
resided the poor man has but 9s. a-week to maintain e
family of seven or eight children, and to pay lOs 6d. or 1 is.
bushel for corn.---( Hear, hear.) He believed that the greere
portion of the farmers in England were in favour of a repeal of
the Corn-laws, and he should not hesitate, whatever 'routine:
was before the House, whether it was for a total rep
or for
fixed duty, as long as he thought it was calculated to improve
the condition of the working classes, to give it hie support. In
conclusion lie had now to move that the resol7otions which had
been agreed to that: day should he inserted 'et the usual Papers.
The motion having been seconded,
The I ORD MAYOtt came forward
'amid much cheering. He
said, before he put the resolution the meeting must allow him
to return them his most ,gra'.eful acknowledgments for the
hant'some manner in which they
with pleasure granted the of the Council-Chamber for the
purposes of the requisil:, had treated him. He bad
mists, and when be found that there
was so large au asseeoblage of his fellow-citizens, he had with
equal pleasure Pe..tiourned the meeting to the Hall in which they
now were. efc trusted that every individual had had an op-
portunity Or expressing his sentiments, and although he might
have differed with some, and although others were irrelevant
to the purposes of the meeting, vet he had thought it best not
to interfere. In conclusion, he had only to thank them all for
the manner in which they had supported him in the Chair th at
day.—(Cheers.)
Mr. COUCHING, amid great confusion, and conside-.able
groaning, proposed three cheers for the Charter.
The meeting then separated.
