i~~ '.; ~~

LONDON, THURSOAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 10, 1

K7H 0 EtTLY will be published, by Subscrip-
tion, a HALF-LENGTH PORTRAIT of' the
Right Hon. Sir 'JOHN KEY, Bart., Lord Mayer of tl:c
City of London, from an origin-&1 Picture painted by Mrs.
Pe,irson, and to.be Engraved by Mr. C. Turner, A.R. A.
Price of the. Proofs 2/. 2s. l'rints 1/ Is.

Sub4crihers' names received by Mr. Moon, 20, Threa,l-
-

LEFEVRE ON CHOLERA NIMBUS.
Just published, in Svo. price 64. lwards,
OBSERVATIONS on the NATURE and
TB.EATMENT of the CHOLERA MORRUS,
now prevailinz epi4tnically in ST. PETERSBURGH.
By G. W. LEFEVRE, M.D.
_ _

Mend) •r of theßoyai College of Physicians of London, &c
awl Plisician to the British Embassy, St. Petersburgh.
Piloted for Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, and Green

Albemarle-street, October, 1831.
LIFE AND WORKS OF BYRON.

THE PROSPECTUS, with Specimens of
the Letter-press and Engravines, of the first com-
pete and uniform Edition of the LIFE anti WORKS of
LORD BYRON, to he toiblished in Monthly Volumes,
c,tresp.'nding with the Nett, Eldon of the WAVERLEY
NOVELS, nuy be had of Mr. Murray, and of every I3ook
seller and Newsman, The publication will commence or
the Ist of January next, and the -price of each Worn,
will be only Five Sid Milks.

THE QUARTERLY REVIEW,
Ni'. XCI. was published un WEDNESDAY.

- - -
It contains At tic!es on
1. MOORE'S Life of Lord Edward Fitzgerald.
11. CROFTER'S Edition of Boswell's Life of Johnson.
111. The BISHOP of PETERBOROUGH'S Life of Bentley.
IV. JONES on the Distribution of Wealth.
V. The NATURE, ORIGIN, and PROGRESS of the
CHOLERA MOR BUS.
VI. The ARCHBISHOP of DUBLIN on Political Economy.
VII. ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.
VIII. DIRECTIONS of the PRIVY COUNCIL of the 20th
October. 1631.
IX. STATE of the GOVERN3IEN'T.
ic We must take the liberty of asserting, that a more
malignant attack upon the character of any administra-
tion, is not to he found in the history of human wicked-
ness, than in a recent article in the Quarterly Reniew."—
Times, Nov. 7.
Albemarle-street, Nov. 8.

BRISTOL,

(From the Vorning, Chronicle

The opinion we last week gave respecting the destruction of
many of the heartless wretches by the fires which their own
hands had assisted to kindle, has been realised to an extent
which, more than any thing else, must show the reckless fury
which hurried them on to irretrievable ruin. From the ruins
of almost every house on the north side of the squnre, the
crushed and mangled remains of one or more bodies have been
taken out. The scenes prestated in the square, during the
last week, have indeed been revolting to humanity. Heads
without bodies, trunks without members, broken fragments of
limbs, and entire bodies reduced to a cinder, have been succes-
sively exposed to the public gate. On the ruins of one house,
at the attic window of which we had seen a female While the
flames were raging beneath her, human flesh was strewed in
various directions.

The appearance of the square, and, indeed, of the streets ad-
jacent--Prince's-street and King-street in particular—is doso-
late in the extreme. The high walls have mostly been thrown
down, reducing the scene to one of widespread desolation ;
while the stench, arising from the numerous bodies buried be-
neath, is becoming more and more offensive. Very many, it
is-supposed, remain to be dug from the ruins of the Custom.
house. Here the domestic establishment was on the second
floor, emir have heard that several of the wretches, seating
`themselves around a table in the kitchen, on which they had
plabed what provisions they tould find, together with a proftl-
sion of wines, enjoyed a fatal and a final banquet. In the midst
of their horrid meal, the flames burst in upon them, and they
were to be seen hurrying about in the greatest anguish and dis-
tress. Some threw themselves from the windows, and were
dashed to pieces ; others, more fortunate, effected their escape
by the balcony, sliding down and dropping by the side of the
pillars; whilst others, more tardy, remained until the lead on
the portico was actually in a molten state, in which, being
fixed, they were to be seen writhing in the agonies of death.
Of the scenes_ of brutality which disgraced the area of the
square, it is impossible to convey anything like an adequate
idea; and here we sicken at the reflection, that in very many
Instances, the conduct of the females was marked, if possible,
by even greater depravity than that which was observable in the
males. The obscenity of conduct and language was revolting
to every feeling of decency, and outraged even the nearest re-
semblance to civilised society. In addition to the large stock of
wines at the Mansion,house, the immense stores in the cellars
beneath the burning buildings contained an abundant supply to
keep up the already too much excited feelings of the mob.
Without waiting to draw the corks, the necks of the bottles
were broken off, and blood was not unfrequently seen to flow
from the lacerated mouths of the mob, while they drank the
maddening draught. Among the crowd we saw a decent look-
ing female in the utmost distress. Her, husband, from mere
curiosity, having accompanied her to witness the scene, unable
to withstand the temptation around him, and having drunk
himself into a state of intoxication, was burning to join the
guilty wretches engaged in the work of destruction, from whom
It required more than her strength to keep him back. In various
places were to he seen fellows beside heaps of goods which they
were putting up at auction. Among other articles, an excellent
mahogany chair was put up for a shilling, the ruffian exclaiming,
" Will nobody bid a tizzy ?" and, failing to obtain an offer, he
immediately dashed it to atoms. In other places adjacent, also,
such scenes were by no means uncommon. In King.street we
passed a fellow who had a very- considerable quantity of furniture
piled up in front of one of the houses, at the moment when he
was putting up a lot—a tea-tray and a metal tea-pot—,hich he
was offering at half.a.crown. In justice to the by-standers,
however, we must say, that we did not hear a bidding. The
sangfroid with which the villain went through his business,
under any other circumstances, would have amused us.
" Now, this ere lot," said he, " is ving for half-a-crown ; will
nobody bid ? Why, 'tis absolutely giving the thing away ;
it cost more money for journeymen's wages !" In the square,
one of the heartless wretches offered, what appeared to us a
beautiful silver tea-pot, for a shilling; and prime feather
beds, mahogany tables, and, in short, a variety of the most
valuable and costly articles of furniture, were offered at the
same rate. We saw two fellows rush out from one of the
houses, the one having in his hand the greater part of a cold let
of mutton ; and, as they passed us, the one inquired of tins other
if he had got any bread ? On being answered in the affirma-
tive, they proceeded to seat themselves on the grass, swearing at
the same time most awfully, and saying they would have :!
hearty meal At one spot, three of the incendiaries, who seemed
exhausted with their fatigues, were joined by two females, and
seating themselves in chairs, the whole fp oup gave themselves
up for a while to refreshment. Whilst they were eating and
drinking wine, each one from a separate bottle, they revelled in
delight at the scene before them. " I'm cursed," said one et
them, " if we arn't been bard to work ; and now I think
time we should rest a bit." Another, with an oath at every
word, said, " I'm cursed if this ben't very funny; Charley
coni'd down here to try the prisoners ; but Charley funk'd,
and so he cut and run'd away. N'Vell, we turned Judges, and
of we found all the prisoners not guilty; and I am cursed
if we arn't made a regular gaol delivery." It is almost needless
to add, that his Wlretelnal companions testified their pleasure by
sending faith the most horrid yells of laughter.

PRICE 7D.

had mislaid Lord DUdley;e letter. Yet Lord Dudley and his
agent swear that neither of them had ever giireix a verbal or
Written promise to that effect. The Learned Connsel was
occupied frOm eleven until half-past four o'clock in reading the
evidence and commenting on it, at which period the further
consideration of the case was adliiirned until Monday.

CONSISTORY COURT, Nov. 9.

OWEN v. OWEN.

This was originally a feet restitution of conjugal rights,
by Jane Jesse Owen against her husbatia; P. hest OWen, which
had been met by a libel on his part, alleging adultery against
Mrs. Owen. The parties were married at Newcastle-upon.
Tyne, in 1824. Soon after Mr. Owen, as a solicitor, entered into
partnership with a gentleman .in Cornhill, London, and in
1825 removed ftdni the north to Dalston. The houses where
he resided were built in pairit, the Contiguous house to that of
Mr. Owen was tenanted by a Mr.Pickersgill, itho had an Inmate,
named Edward Harper, a young man of about tiienty or
twenty-one, who was a teacher of elocution. Between Mr,
Harper and Mr. and Mrs. Owen an intimacy commenced; but
prior to March, 16311, fib nispicions existed of any improper in-
tercourse between the former and MI. Owen-, Subsequent to
this period, Mr. Harper was seen walking with Mri. Owen, and
upon two occasions of Mr. Owen's absence in the country, Mr.
Harper was invited by Mrs. Owen to sleep in her house, on the
plea that it ram liable to attack-by thieves. Upon cme of these
occasions, Mr. Oweii's rtitther remonstrated. with heriipig the
imprudence of suffering the young rildtt to sleep there, but in
vain. No specific act of adultery was charged; tstst On two,
nights, the 29th of April and 6th of May, 1630, Mrs. Owen Was
absent from home all night, and retUsed to state where she had
slept. Mr. Owed, In consequence, separated from her till she
could justify herself. She subsequently wrote letters addressed
to Mr. Harper, which were intercepted, and they fOrnied part
of the evidence in the cause.

Dr. DODSON and Dr. ADDAMS, on behalf of Mrs. Owen,
argued, that not a single witness had deposed even to a belief
that adultery had taken place ) and that no improper personal
familiarity had been proved.
Dr. LUSHINGTON could not bring his mind to doubt that
the charge of adultery against the wife was supported by evi-
dence. If the case stopped at the absence of the wife from her
huslrnd's house for two whole nights, the Court would be en-
titled to ask why Mrs. Owen, if conscious of her own innocence,
did not prove where she slept those two nights P But the Court
was not left to infer guilt from this circumstance ; for, when
he read the letters of Mrs. Owen to Mr. Harper, he found, as
he read them, almost a complete admission of Mrs. Owen, that
she passed those two nights with Mr. Harper, and they con.
tamed besides the strongest indications of a desire on the part
of Mrs. Owen to incite Mr. Harper to endeavour, by subornation
of perjury, to procure false evidence as to the place where she
slept. He was satisfied the husband was entitled to the remedy
he prayed, and he therefore pronounced for a separation.

THE MARKETS.

COAL MARI
dales 296.0 d.
Bensham Main 28 0
i)can's Primrose.. 27 0
2 0
;Centon West 31 3
32 0
Vewcastle 8ean....-- 21 0
tkiniva
'ontop Windsor.-- 27 0
,hipeote .....— '27 6
rtield 29 0
28 6
,Vylain--. 29 0
Walls End Bell & Co.— 32 9
Ditto (reshipped) -- 31 0
httoßell,Hubson,&Co. 31 6
ntto Jim-lac. and Cu. 32 9
Walls End Boundary— 21 0
Walls E, cl firown's.-- 31 9
xalls End Carr and Co. 30 0
'itto r -I:,rke and Co. 2) 9
Wall End Gosforth-- 32 3
Walls End Heat0n.,,,.,,. 33 6
Xalls End Illida —.— 31 0
Walls End I lotwor-- 32 0
Walls End New/it:itch_ 32 0
...A —Ship

COUNTRY CORN MARKE'

KET —Nov. D.
Walls End 325. 9d.
Ditto Northumberland 31 6
Ditto Pearetb....„-- 29 0
Ditto "crkins and C 0... 31 9
Walls End Wa1ker.,.,..., 32 6
Walls End Lambton...... 36 3
Walk End Stewart's ... 36 0
Walls End Adelaidc..— 30 3
Barnsley New . 3
Cowpen 27 6
Greenwich Hospital &
S-reemerston Engine 25 6
25 0
Hartley 13 0
I New Flnckton, Milne,
and Co. 29 6
Silhstone Holmes 2r4 0
Walls End Gibbons— 30 0
End Henderson 25 0
W lls End Mathley....... 25 0
Tantield Trader—.... V; 6
Adair's Main small_ 19 0
Callerton small -- 20 0
Stobart's 19 9
Russell's small 19 9

14 sold. 599a—tinsnItl,

Ts DURING THE WEEK.

IMPORTANT PROMEDINGS OF THE

BIRMINGHAM POLITICAL UNION.

In consequence of the Warwick meeting being
held on Tuesday, the Council met on Monday. The
meeting, as usual, was most numerously attended.
At West Bromwich, a very populous district, a new
Union was formed on Monday last : spirited reso-
lutions were passed, and " the old women in black
aprons" were spoken of in terms by no means cre-
ditable to them. The feeling against the Bishops
runs very high in this neighbourhood : on the .sth
of November they quite supplanted Guy Fawkes.
At the last meeting of the Council a letter from Li-
verpool was read by Mr. Pare, requesting► all in-
formation which would assist certain patriotic indi-
seduals there in forming a Union. Ir was stated
t .Lt.t many of the leading men of Liverpool are
anxious to see the project carried into effect. Ano-
ther anonymous donation of .50/. was received. It
was conveyed to the Secretary in the following
letter _

" Birroinaham, Nov. 7, 1831.

" SIR —Having narmtvly watched the proceeding. of
the Birmingham Political Union from its commencement,
I cannot help expressing my unqualified approbation of
its patriotic conduct, and adding my testimony in its
favour to that of the country generally. Let your
Council continue to pursue the same glorious path which
they have hitherto chalked out for themselves, and let
their future proceedings he guided by the prudence, wio.
glom, and determination which has hitherto distinguishes*
their proceedings, and I am convinced the salvation of our
dear country will ultimately craven their efforts. Being
wily aware how essential pecuniary assistance must be to
enable you to carry on the great work you h,ve under-
tiken, I beg your acceptance of the enclosed donation of
501. in furtherance of the great cause of Parliamentary
Refortri.—l am, Sir,

" AR ARDILNT FILIE4I) AND ADMINSIL 07 UN_
PaL77ItAL
" To Mr. B. liadky, Bon. 81:rretary of the Birmingham

Political Union:"

This knee was received with loud cheers, end
vote- of thanks to the - patriotic donor was imme-
diately carried. The testimooy of the donor is as
important as his donation is liberal. The georral
nusiness of- the meeting was unusually interesting.
The conduct of the Lancashire Reformers was no-
ticed. The Council condemned ,he proceedings of
Mr. Hunt in the most in quehe..d ,„„„e,.. He
called the Reform Bill " humbug" and " poisoo;
and yet he had voted for that humbugging, poisoi-ous
measure. The Lancashire men should first rest
satisfied with obtaining the Bill as it now stands.
If it did not produce the desired effects, they 'night
then call for additional concessions; and they would
be enabled, by the provisions of Lord John Russell's
Bill, to call for such additions with seven-fold
;4teater force than they at present possess.
Mr. Edmonds denounced Mr. Hunt as the frivo-
-1 sate of either revolution, or of confirmed slavery to
the boroughmongers. He was aiming at an im-
practicable measure, Was it likely that the Peers
would consent to a measure including annual Par-
liaments, rote by ballot, and universal suffrage, when
,l,ey would not concede a much more modifi.d trea-
sure ? Dees Mr. Hunt, then, mean to excite the
people to fight for the measure he proposes ? If
such be his determination, it was strangely inc,msis-
cut in him to urge Government to prosecute Mr.
Edmond, merely, for calling upon the people not to
pay taxes, if the enemies of the present hill came
!!'r) power ? If be himself contemplates acts of
ultra violence, why condemn a much more node-
..ate and equally efficient measure of resistance,
when proposed by Mr. Edmonds? , The question
is this—a Reform, a full and adequate heform, is to
he obtained. Tne Bill contemplates a Reform which
.iids fair to lead to an adequate Reform of all
ibt:(lls;es; awtilntift,
v,B,hil, supported
elncarried as
,itanist iwel mlrii,s)tt
the
car-
:
hieend
proposed, the power of the people is seven times in-
creased to effect what is wanting. Here, then, is a
neasure of peace, insuring a speedy and bloodless
evolution. But Mr. Hunt's proposal, if acted upon,
tod it a-terripted to be carried by force, br,ngs the
;wople into tan immediate civil war %with the borough.
oongers; many of the present friends of the people
'nay forsake them—blood will flow, and all the
horrors of the first French revolution will be re-
aewed. If Mr. Hunt declares that be seeks not re-
• olution, be seeks to confirm our slavery by propos-
mg a measure which must be lost; for, if he seeks
not revolution, he will forbid us to atter,pt ti 'e tri-
umph of our cause by erne, and eve must quietly re-
ign ourselves to our fate. The Lancashire men
will, therefore, do well to refl et, that Mr. Hunt's
proposal undoubtedly invoices either slavery or re-
voLtion, whilst the Bill and the Unions advocate a
iaeastire which must ultimately secure liberty, and
:mmplete the restoration of eve!), happines,, without
making wives widows, and children orphans.
_

The- above we consider the sentiments of the
Council respecting Mr. Hunt and the men of Lanca-
shire; tf, indeed, the feelings of the men of Lance.
shire are such as were proclaimed at the late com-
paratively small meetings at which Mr. Hunt was
present.

Mr. Charles Jones, a very influential man in Ili,-
mingham, then brought forward his plat► for the or-
ganization of the members of the Union, upon the
principle and for the objeets which, in a former pa-
per, we elucidated. He had received very great
assistance in the arrangement of his plan from a
gentleman whom he named, and who is a banker at
Wolverhampton.

After Mr. Jones had submitted his plan to die
cons,deration of the C-tinei!, a second plan, differ-
ing► but little from the first, was proposed by Mr.
Edmonds. Neither of the plans was adopted, but
both were referred to the consideration of a Com-
mittee appointed for the purpose. The report of
he Committee will be brought up on Tuesday
!text. 'We shall then lay the plan adopted before
,he public.

Mr. HIPKISS very judiciously observed, that in
the proposed organization the Union will have to
steer clear of two great difficulties. On the one
hand, they must not trench upon the law, so as to be
caught in its meshes; and on the other, whilst they
-till act with, and for, the Government, they must
not be ostensibly the tools of men who are in poaeo:,
lest they thus cause a suspicion *mono, the people
that they are not firm, uncompromising friends of
the popular cause. The deliberations of the Cnuncii
will be directed to the devising of a plan which will
sect:te the Union from either of these dilerntw.s. No
time will be lost in completing the organza,ion.
Mr. Attwood observed that DO delay must he en-
couraged, for a week is important. Important, be-
cause circumstances may occur which will require
the Union to preserve peace, and defend the law,
Government, and his Majesty. To convey some
idea of the importance which the surrounding
Unions attach to the proceedin2.B of the Union tit
Birmingham, we need only observe, that one member
of the Council stated that he, it; his individual capa-
city, had received, during the week, three letters,
i t
inquiring what course the Union meant to follow.
Tire effect of the contemplated organizrtion he,
that if riots should occur in B.reningliam, ten or
fifteen thousand men will, in the short space of two
hours or less, be prepared, irresistibly, to vindicatri
'own.th e
xalirt d.
Edmondsres tore
particularly thearc
peaceularl
a; insisted
dsectry of the
t upon tl,e
truth, that if the Union show their strength, they
will never have to exert it. The contemplated
measure will give additional credit to the Union. It
woyr placettihoau
seditious
cpopro)mdi
nuetemetdb
werisi
officers,l
dorrae wa immediately
uupon
the violent,un td rat r
illegal,the
ho
exhibits it immediate expulsion. Thus, in whatever
!ight the measure is viewed, whether as a conserva-
rive step to defend the peace when violated,
whe-
ther as a support to the: King and his Ministers, or
whether as a means of enhancing the integral worth
of the Union, it seems entitled to praise. Such is
decidedly the impression which exists amongst the
Council. . .

Nir. Att wood g-are his opinion upoo the subjtet
in the most candid and fe,irltss mariner. He-did not
hesitate to say that the 8.11 wiis :n danger. It tad
been rejected by the House Lords, and he leni-e,.1
•i wont! he re,i,icttd again. -But th,re ..vLue othsqi
eiieurnstanet:‘s tArt Let mntsidt.i. it

was possible—he did not think it was probable, but '
it was possible—that our good and patriotic King
may be induced, by the wiles of those who sur-
rounded him, to withdraw his support from the Bill.
It was possible that the machinations of our power-
ful enemies may defeat the Ministers, and compel
'them to resign. And if, said Mr. Attwood, the
King, army and the navy, are transferred into the
power of the boroughmongers, why then I could not
but feel the peculiar danger of my situation. He
knew that spies from the enemies' camp were in
Birmingham ; they might be then in the room, and
he hoped they were, in order that they might see
the determination of the Union to go with the law
in defence of the law. He cautioned the Union and
the people, whose happiness was his being, end, and
aim, not to become the victims of the spies to whom
he had alluded ; if the people did but remain legally
united, respecting the law, they would not long be
slaves; but if they allowed faction to arise amongst
them, they never could be free. He illustrated this by
the fable of the Bulls. lithe enemy could send spies to
excite the people to rise in petty, unorganized, tin-
directed bodies, in order that those bodies might be
cut in detail, the energy of the people would be
damped, they would argue from these numerous
failures of petty bodies to the failure of all attempts,
and the cause of Reform must fall to the ground;
the boroughtriongers would triumph, and the verse-
cable Earl Grey himself, whose life had been des
voted to Reform, might be brought to punishment
for his patriotic efforts. Again he conjured the
people not to listen to men who urged them to these
partial risings, which never could succeed. If by
their spies the boroughmongers should induce the
people to waste their strength wickedly, sillily, mur-
derously, as they have done at Bristol, he for one
should immediately despair of Reform. The work-
ing classes can of themselves do nothing but plun-
der, and burn, and pull down society upon their
own heads. 'Therefore the members of the Union
should, 'with spirit, act up to that clause in their
regulations, which instructs them to consider as
their enemy any man who would instigate to vio-
lence. No crowd, however powerful and deter-
mined in itself, can do any thing effectual without
a head. Not only would any petty effort fail, but
those who made it would break the holy league which
now exists between the King, the people, and the
Peerage. He said the Peerage, for it must never be
forgot ten that all the old Peers were for the people,and
none but the upstart Peers were against them. That
league must not be broken, for in it the hope of the
country is and-bored'. That league will give to the
country a boon far greater than Magna Charta itself;
for Magna Charta only destroyed the tyranny of a
King, to erect that of theßarons; but the Bill of Reform
will. destroy the tyranny of all, and erect on its ruins
the liberty of the people at large. He would sae
the same of the B llof Rights, which only transferred
power from the hands of one party into the hands of
another, which has scourged the people more se-
verely than the former did. Mr. Att wood briefly
referred to the Lancashire Reformers. lie did nor
condemn Annual Parliaments, Vote by Ballot, and
Universal Suffrage; but really he could not say
whether a Bill, in which these were included, would
or would not be more favourable to the happiness of
the people than the Bill of Lord John Russell. Mr.
Attwood's sole object was to see a state of things
which would give the poor man honest food for
honest labour, and which would make the employer
as dependent upon the employed, as the employed
upon the employer. If he found that the present
measure would not lead to this happy and natural
s ate of things, why then he would go for some-
thing else. But he never would forego a cei-
tainly practicable and salutary measure for one
which is at present of an impracticable character.
He again repeated that no petty rising of the popu-
lace could effect the triumph of the Bill unless they
had with them (as the Union has) the mind, the muscle,
and the mass of the people throughout the country.
But when they have these, why, if ever the law
should be violated—if ever Polignac should come
—we stand upon an impregnable rock to repel him,
and defend the laws and liberties of our country.
required no little energy and power to oppose and
defeat a sordid oligarchy. Julius Caesar, when he
had conquered the world, did not venture to oppose
the tyrants of Rome, until their conduct had con-
demned itself, arid then he exclaimed, " We will go
where the Gods and justice call tic." Here was an
example for the people : let them adhere to the law,
to the throne, and to the Government, and put their
trust in them until they deceive them. When they
have deceived us—but deceive us they scarcely can
—we must have a care lest they des.roy us. If,
indeed, the boroughmongers should throw out the
Bill a second time, they will destroy Lord Grey, un-
less the people save him. Theproposed organization
will enable us to do this with effect, and, therefore,
it is very important that this should be done while
the present Ministry are in power. The vile Standard
is labouring to prejudice the mind of our excellent
King against the Reformers. It is said we caused
the riots at Bristol; we, who keep peace at home,
go to excite disturbance abroad ! These wretched
insinuations may injure us; therefore let us make hay
whilst the sun shines Be prompt and decisive. Mr.
Attwocd, in the course of a long and powerful speech,
repeatedly urged the necessity of a peaceful de-
meanour on the part of the people. He said the
Union had always had difficulties to contend with;
those difficulties were daily, nay, hourly, increasing.
The Union must be organized peaceably, efficiently,
arid legally. It is a sacred duty which we owe to
ourselves arid our friends. Therefore, when the
plan is published, let every man act with prompti-
tude; let every petty jealousy be forgotten, and
the welfare of our country be the object, the only
object of all. The office which he held, he held
only for the benefit of the people. He hoped every
little, low feeling, would be banished from the hearts
of the Unionists—that one closely-united phalanx
might be exhibited to meet any coming emergency.
The time was at hand when men's hearts would be
tried. In every society there must be leaders, and
the Union itself would have been powerless without
the Council. The Council would be placed in dan-
gerous circumstances if the boroughmongers should
again triumph. Therefore he called upon the Union
to take such steps. as would enable them, if efforts
\vete made to oppose the King or punish his Mi-
nisters, to arrest the hand of the destroyer, and vin-
dicate the rights of Englishmen, the happiness of
their homes, arid the principles of law.
The above is a mere skeleton of Mr. Attwood's
address. It is evident that the project now under
the consideration .of the Committee is one which
must engage time attention of the public at large.
We shall lay before them the earliest information
respecting it. The attention of the Council was
then turned to the late affair at Bristol, and to cer-
taun facts connected with the Reform Bill. We
shall report the whole to-morrow. One fact, how-
ever, we must now notice :—Mr. Pare read from a
letter which he had just received from Bristol, the
important fact, that one gentleman, whose house was
burnt down has recognised the person who tired it,
and he proves to be one of the special constables
sworn in by the Magistrates to protect the entry of
Sir Charles Wetherell. The writer of the letter
states, that, upon inquiry being made into the whole
of this unfortunate affair, some dark doings will be
discovered.

In consegnence of the increasing, anxiety mani-
fested by the public to attend the meetings of the
Council, a Committee has been appointed to procure
a still larger room for their accommodation.

DROGHEDA ELECTION.--On Saturday a
petition against the return of 111r.WALLAcE for Drogheda
was lodged in the Ilanaper-office. It is signed by 51
freemen and freeholders. The grounds of complaint ale,
that Mr. PENTLAND, on the day appointed for holding the
election, was in due time, and in the requisite legil form,
proposed as a fit and proper person to represent that town
in Parliament, notwithstanding which tLe Sheriff at once
declared Mr. WALLACE duly elected, and would not put
Mr. PENTLAND in nomination ; which act, on the part of
the Shetiff, the petitioners say, vitiates the election.---
t*hthlin Morning Post-
