so many ditlerent opinions as to the remedy, though all might
be agreed upon the grievance, that, no remedy could be de-
Videthrpon to thes sahsfattion of ell, without a General Con-
yention which should appoint a Committee to devise the spe-
cific remedy. Much had been said, and much inquiry exhaust..
on the subject of the antiquity of Representation, and on the
Cgiiestions when andhow it begin. Theseihmeeier were oflittle
consequence, and it was of as little whether Representation
was perfect or imperfect. Suppose, tbr the sake of argument,
that they had all continued in a grey
of 'slavery until the pre-
Ae
sent time, was that a reason that they shotthi remain so? Hus
man nature pointed to self-government as a first principle ;
and, if the argument of these antiquarians wam good for any
thing at nil, it was good for the repression of all improvement..
The troubles of our first Charles. were all caused by his at.
tempts to ride forcibly, without a perfect. Parliament; his
successor had endeavoured to reach the same ends by means of
corruption ; and as for the Revolution, althreigh it set about
reeestablishing the rights of the people, it did not do enough.
Besides, even had it done so, many changes. had since taken.
place, which called for eorreaponding changes in the represen-
tation. Many Boroughs hail fallen into decay, and many small
towns had since then become extended and populous. Nume-
rous ode" changes had also arisynflot,g the improvements in
eveiSi'brao els of seiettees'afir increase of the' pew. ,
lotion ; but it really appeared tole 4 maxim among the oppo.
' sets of Parliamentary Retbrm, that the state of the repre-
sentation was the only thing which was never. to be advanced.
The increase of the population hue been immense, for it wase
no less than an iron-ease of front seven to twelve millions ; and
if Scotland and Ireland were taken into the calculation, it
rvditld be no less than twenty-one millions. And was this
Vast mass of increase to be unrepresentetit even supposing
time, at the • former time, the former numbers were thirly re-
presented ?
.There was an argument urged, by no less a per-
son that Mr4'. Canning, against the Reformers; us the following
question: To what period will you refer, as that at which the
state of the Representation was complete ?" The answer to
this question was, that the Constitution had always altered ac-
cording to the exigency of the times ; but the increase of the
population alone rendered, the present state cf the repeesenter
non altogether inadequate for its professed purpose. The case
of the Reformers wits therefore completely made out-cm the
Inexelnereage of the population. But it was also necessary to
consider the effete of influence, which hail increased 'beyond
all possible calculation. At the Revolution an enormous na-
tional debt was neither foreseen nor contemplated. In the
reigns of King William the Third anti Queen Anne, the whole
amount of the national revenue was not more than two millions
annually,. while now the expence of only collecting that re-
velfue amounted to four millions. This was an enormous source
M patronage in the Crown, and considerably weakened what..
ever efficiency would Otherwise remain in the present state of
the Representation.—[ The Worthy Alderman here entered in-
to some calculations, skewing in their result that the present
national debt was upwards of 000 millions, and the annual ex-
penditure 60 millions.l.—Another argument in favour of Par-
liamentary Reform was to be drawn taint the keeping up. of a
large standing army in time of peace. Upon entering into a
consideration of this part of the subject_ he had tti express his
regret that there was not a fuller attendance of skleznien, es-
pecially of those who represented the City in.Parliernent, and
yet would not obey the instructions of their constituents. If
`they would not Obey their instructions liey might at least our.
descend to hear their complaintse and the arguments -suggests
ed towards a redress of them, They. bad petitheted year after
year without redress. Retrenchment, it :was true, had been
effected, but none beyond what they had not dared to trust the
patience of the people. The Worthy Alderman again alluded
to the Standing Artitg. Queen Elizabeth desired that the
people should be well eqsed relying on them forprotection.—
We, however, so far front 'this, were passing Acts for breaking • open private dweihng homes, its the dead of night, in search
.of arms; and this with 100,000 men to protect us. We were
obliged to have an artny to cram blessings down our throats.
Anti that army was even cutting down the people at Manehes-
aer—killing them on the streets of London—and attacking a
civil Magistrate in the discharge of ids thity.—{llea,,r hear
The appointments to the 'Army were made to the'Members of
the 'louse of Common*, and thus was influence Woad, so that
to get any thing, 4 man most goon his hands and knees to the
211inister. The influence was openly avowed in that House, as
he himself had heard 'Members do it. It was so obvious that a
large standing army must augment the influence of the minister,
that he should be ashamed to take up their time by Arguing
upon it. He had mentioned the grounds upon which he fbunded
his argument in favour of Reform, end they would be able to
judge for themselves. The fact ofinereased population alone
was sufficient in his opiniont but there were many minor
points, which, although he had omitted, he had not forgotten.
lie alluded to the increase of the excise, and other depart-
ments equally grievous in theirs p
on the nation at
large. • The worthy 'Sidemen proceeded to analyse the state
of the Representation, which, he contended, confirmed the
view he had taken of die founitiable affluence of the Govern-
ment. The worthy Alderman read a paasagr .on this subject
from Mr. *Titmice, Blackstone,' in support of his argument--
What state of representation could
that be Wherein three or
four 'persona of one family, themselves Commistitmers of flo-
vernment departments, tent six Members to Parliament to
burden and oppress the people by voting fresh taxes ? If
this was an old story—an o -told talc—so much the worse,
for that aggravated, instead of lessening, the infamy of the
thing. It was said by Lord Chatham, on the occasion of
sf petition being presented for the recovery of one vote taken
from Middlesex, that it was better for the people to perish
in a glorious contention for their rights than surrender one
iota of their Constitution. He said the people demanded re.
(inn—they Lod grievances' to complain of, and they would
never be tranquil until they were redressed. He would set, nothing; in favour of the they
it was intended to propose
to theme because he was convinced it would be adopted by
BO large a majority upon its own
obvious merits as to re-
quire nothing from him. The cause of Reform had been
gainingifor a century. It gained proselytee daily. lie remem-
bered having endeavoured to persuade Lord Folkestone to be-
come 4 Reformer, without success, dth now all saw how openly he avowed, anti how staunchly beey supported, the
Principles of Retbrm, derived from coneideration and convic-
tion. Ile hoped, if any opposition were to be made to the
business of this day's meeting, it would be in the shaposof fair
reasoning, and Ahat they were not to be treated with any, of
that equivocating dealing about moderate Reform. He Con-
cluded by moving a Resolution, pledging the Court to a Peti-
tion to the House of (Ammons, preying for Reform—(Vide
Ailvertisement.)
Mr. FavE el. seconded the motion of his Hon. Friend. From
the appearance of the meeting that day he till think there was
a gleam of hope that a Reform would be au/tint:4l et last. Ile
conceived this hope from the feeling of the Citizens of London
and of the country, as had been lately' expressed. He consi-
tiered they would have a right to consider the Constitutiein in
danger if they saw a continuance of those majorities in Par-
liament, which they might fairly call corrupt majorities. It
was like trying a cause by a packed ',lury. Upon looking
over his memorandums—more fashionably, perhaps, reminis-
cences, he found that this was the hundredth tiros he had ad-
dressed his fellow citizens, anti chiefly on the great question of
Reform ; and he did now rejoice .to see what progress was
making in a cause for which they had been so
col
trad,
calumniatetLand reviled. If Anti-Reformers ldh showduce that
there was danger in a thong's of the Representation, it would
be a good argument against them; for he held it agood maxim
—Solos pOpali aultrenta kr.' Still, in spite of ell that eoultibe
opposell d to the great struggle against the. jury divino, he would
sunsay
a daperamiam. corrupt praettees could be proved
set all the rotten boroughs ; and therefore., upon the prin.
elide which the house had consented to go, they should be
seenre of a reform. Mr. Fox said, that it was quite unparlin-
„ciliary to agitate The remedy before the disea.se and this was
(Ise answer Ile would make to those who detnautfeo
systein of Reform. pea 4.
The itteoßDEn having read the Resolution, acid put the
question,
Mr. Ahlernian VEstant.ts said, be begged leave to express
power at present of returning
his entire conviction that a Reform in the Commons house of
did not think
Parlitiment was necessary, he thought it pentieebie and ne,
cescuJ4rY'oPre otift aitfc)oiluitnYtruyf haft the teh°ensutu6".
Members in the full; free, ami unshackled manner that was
originally intended. The right of the people to a share in the
nittectierte ?mule to the
Legislature was unquestionable, and deduced from very 44.
he
cien t source. The question was, whether the; people enjoyed that
right at present—he thought not. T
call for Reform, he believed, centered in the upprehension that
men of lest influence 'and weight would be Totttroeds sod thus
the inability of the ltiOVernillerit endangered; Lint-,he eel not think tench weight was to be attachal to this for if property
wereintluenced it would continue the same salutary operatiese
under any change thei.aould ise sißetvd• It had always bail

et%ry. priteritpolefsthoef
ftaler
iCe
andsti Constitution i ogni
vteositurena maintainthe n equipoiseea
4th ofer
became attgmented. He was not afraid of Prerogative, but he
did think that they were losing that check against the influence
and prerogative at the Crown intended in the Institution of the
House of Lords. He had no fear that they should not have
Reform—he should as soon expect to see the light of morning
darkened, as the consequence of the general effusion of know.
ledge stopped.--( Hear, hear 1)
Mr. S. Dtxore said, he was quite ready to agree to any Re-
formation the precise effects of which could be %retold. But
who would undertake to say where the machine would stop, if
once put in motion ? They had seen Reformations commenced
with the purest motives; and on the most prudent principles,
end in revolution and disaster. If the number of voters were
increased, the Members must, according to emir',. be increased,
and then he feared that 30 days would not enable them to get
through the business of the year,—at present it rerptired
six °months of discussion, tiresome enough, but yet hardly
sufficient. They had been told of the increase of the Ex-
cise as an argument for a change of system. Why,' this increase
could only arise from the flourishing commerce of the coon:
try. 51r. kturke, too, was quoted ; but Mr. Burke had lived
long enough to see the fallacy of his vlewS of Reform ; and
ilrert frottraetual experience. Me. Pitt also was a violent it.
former, but he had lived lung enough to , see the Propriety of
changing, How absurd it was to say to the Agriculturists that
a Iteibmi in Parliament would better their condition It was
from nattarid causes that their distress hail arisen, not from le-
gislation. During the late long and interesting war, the landlord
increased his rent corresponding with the increase of prices;
but when prices fell rent was not lowered. In some cases it
was attempted to "maintain high rents, by artiifidelti)aulltyrreacoisrilinig.
prices, cruelly leaving out of consideration the middling and
lower more numerous classes, who were the consumers. Thus
they would see there was an obvious remedy w
The farmers did very well before this disproportionate risk in
rent took place. On the other hand he did foresee conside-
rable damage likely to accrue from a change in the represen-
tative system of the nature proposed in the Resolution—Were
some manifestation of impatience was evinced.) The Hon.
Oentleman observed that if this was the way he was to be
met, he should beg to decline proceeding. At the samealme,
he should say that this interruption, whether it came from be-
low the bar, or within it, on an important question like this,
it was most disgraceful.
Mr. .lastxs thought that the opposition so unfairly made to
his Ironourable Friend, arose from the apprehension that Ids
argument would be too weighty for the principles of his oppo.
neat. With regard to Reform, he found, on looking at the
dictionary, that it was a change from worse to better ; and-in
that sense he was an advocate for, Reform. It was said, that
those who opposed Reform had no arguinent to offer; • and cer-
tainly if argument signified hold assertion' he admitted the
preponderance was on their side. Reform might be very well :
but he feared that Revolutionists would press hi among the
well-meaning Reformers. Until they could 'see something of
their way in the proposed change, he thought they had better
act upon the safe maxim, " Better bear the ills we heve, than
fly to those we know not of." If their Statesmen were good,
no matter whether they were elected by five or five thousand
voters. It was better not to use doubtful remedies for disease,
when we were represented to be in a state of such rapid ins-
provement. He could not, under this view, assent to the pro.
posed resolution.
Mr. .WELCII said he was a Radical and a Briton. • He look-
ed upon his country a* a tessilated table that he once saw, in
the centre of which a column being raised, he supposed to re.
present the King. Now, he said, cleanse that table from the
reptiles and rtmbbish that at present obscured ft,' and he would
shoulder his musket, and suppert the column to the last. In
the face of day he would say that the. House of Commons was
like the London Workhouse; and he concluded by hoping that
they would all join heart and hand, like a bundle of sticks, In
the cause of Reform.
Mr. SLEADE adverted to the late war, which, he said, hod
placed France in a situation of greater fame, and comfort than
this impoverished country. All the good that the cotiatty pos-
sessed it owed to the people; all the evil that afflicted it had
flowed from the Government. One lion. Gentleman had asked
what was Rethrm ; he would tell him that it was What bad been
proposed and enacted by Parliament in its pure times. He
spoke of the Triennial Bill, and others of the same nature he
hoped the spirit of party would be abandoned, "and unanimity
prevail in the adoption of the Resolutiens before them, and in
the }}treat cause of Reform.
Mr. R. SMITH deprecated the Rersonal attacks of the worthy
Alderman who opened the discussion of that day, which could
not be creditable to any one. He was satisfied with the pre-
sent system of things, and 'that every thing,would be done for
the benefit of the people under the existing state of Govern-
ment that would be done under any other, , As for the clamour
that was raised against a Standing Army, he wits convinced
that the army of the present day, at ;MAIO,. was as much fvr
the protection of the right atilt, subject as when it was only
18,000. Ile should oppose the motion before the Court.
After a few words in favour of the Resolution, Nilo Mr.
Tavtou and Mr. ALLOWA l', •
Mr. CIIOC KER made a few observations in opposition to the
Motion. It was justly observed, that they ought first clearly to'
see the disease before therapplied a doubtful remedy. Now,
be wanted to know whatreason there was sufficiently weighty
to justify a change of the sweeping nature proposed in the pro.
jests of Parliatnentery Reform. The system and the House of
Commons were found to work well, notwithstanding the cla•
moor about corrupt majorities. As to these corrupt majorities, he would cite one in to show how much truth was in the charge. In the year 1821 a vote of censure was proposed upon
Ministers. It was thought by some that they would he forced
to resign ; but the event was otherwise—they had a triumphal
acquittal, and, he bad taken the 'reins to dissect the votes upon
the occasion. From information and research he found that of
the 658 Members in the House of Commons, 37, one way or
another, were alw.ays absent—of those who remained, 204 con-
stantly voted for ministers., and 221 constantly voted with the
Opposition. The remainder, 195, were independent in their
votes,. and with the .House thus constituted, Ministers bad a
majority of upwards of 100. This • fact weadd 'Teak rnore.
plainly, than any thing that could beautid oft the subject of the
alleged corrupt state of the House of Commons.
After a few words from Mr. PATTEN in support of the
motion,
Mr. Alderman WaaTitatax replied.
The Resolution was then put, and carried by a large ma-
jority. '
Mr. Alderman 'WAIT/MIN them proposed the Petition,
which was read;

Mr.
CAWTIIOOht proposed that a Anise alluding to the Ein-
peror of Morocco should be struck ontovhich was agrctil to, as
were some other verbal alterations. The Petition then passed
in very nearly the following form 1.--..

" Siftwvrit—That while your Petitioners, deeply sympa-
thise with the suffering of the Agricultural interests, they beg
to represent to your Honourable House, that they are them-
' selves also auffbring under the pressure of accumulated bur-
there; which become daily more insupportable by the depre-
ciation of every description of property ; while, after eight years
of profound Peace, no proportionate reduction in taxation has
taken place, nor have any measures been adopted for the re-
moral of national grievances.

" That they have marked the numerous enexoaclunents that
have been made, since the period of the Revolution, upon the
constitutional rights, and consequently upon the property of the
subject, but more particularly the accelerated progress of those
encroachments during the late reign, and since the commence-
'mesa of the late Wat 3 , and they have observed, that those en-
croachments have kept due pace with the corruption, depend-
ence, and consequent inefficiency of the Representatien
t by
which every, or any set of illinisters have been enabled to exer-
cise an uncontrouled influence, and to carry on their projects, however adverse to the interests of the nation.
" That your petitioner* therefore submit, that the present
enormous burthens and distresses of the country have not arisen
front any unforeseen or unavoidable causes, but have been the
necessary result of a long course of enrrupt Influence, extrava-
gam*, and misrule ; el wars rashly and. unjustly undertaken,
suml, of enormous and unnecessary establishments; all of which
could only have arisen, and grown up to their present porten-
tops magnitude, from the want of that constitutional comma'
over the IlettlintS the Crown, which catronlybe found ina
free and uncorrupted representation of the people in l'arliarnent.
" That, without recurring to earlier times, your Petitioners
need only revert to the reign of Charles the First, where the
attempts rirseto mu:Natal the proceedings of, and then to govern
without, a Parliament, brought that deluded .3ionarch to his

- -
unhappy end ; while similar condact in the two, sue: eedirig
reigns, and the more insidious atteitipte Jo corrupt the Parlia-
ment, led to the expulsion of James the Second from the
Throne.
" That so eensibk were the great Stettin/rep of tied day of
the baneful effects of attempting to destroy the intle.peritienee
of Parliament, that in the Kitt of Rights it-"riots tivohatei,
That the election of Members of Parliament ought to,tre
free ; and that for the redress of all grievances, end the-emend-
ing, etrengtheniog, and preserving thelaws, arLaine t ougl t
to be held frequently ;' and the preamble to the said Bali istoted.
That frettuent new Perliamente tend only much to the happy
union of king and People.'
That your Petitioners have 'lament that, surrOundid with difficulties as their. anceitere thee were, 'their inienthm.,
thus expresSed, of rendering* the, Representation more perfect,
and preserving, its independence, were rtn_ earrieLl into effect':
henco the constitutional barriers they set up for the stecurity of
the people were found but feeLle guerds al.,,t•eiest the liaiau!;.;
of selfish and tleeighing illinieters, who have pereereringly
and eYeternatically so undermined the independence of eleceloo,
"that in most of the Boroughs scarcely a vestige of freedom rioW
remain.
"'That your Petitioners beg to draw the attention of. yew' „
Ilonouroble 'louse to facts which must lead to the irievitabie
conclusion, that if the repreeentation was not meth/teed ade-
quate at the pet i.d in' 13,-rpluttoli, d. to the ':eate, of din t.
country at that iime • that, from the great changes that haVe
since taken place in the populatien suit the circumstances of the
country, with the general dissemination of knowledge, h must
now have become wholly inefficient for all the great and bone& dal purposes of representation.
That your Petitioners beg, to impress upon the considera.
Lion of your Honourable How*, that the population, whielear, the Revolution scarcely eXceetted five millions, now exceeds
twelve ruillitins, and including Wales fourteen tnillicuts .; with the population of Scotland end Ireland, amounts to twenty.
one millions. IVidiehis vast increaee el population, extensive
towns have arisen, and industry and property have been directed
into new' Chminels ; and your l'etetioners conceive that, if no
other argument could be advenceil in favour of Reform, the.ex-
istence of so immense a mass of unreinesented population and
}property would alone be sufficient to induce your Honourable.
House to admit them into the exercise of their undoubted civil
rights, by a full and equal participation in the elective franchise.
" That when the preseet suite of the itepresentation is eer
sidered,—when It is notorious that the Most glaring bribery, end
perjury are habitually connuittetl,e-that Members are sent tc
your Honourable House, not even by the choice of those few
who nominally elect them, but by individual proprietors of bo.
roughs,—that, in violation of the Constitution and the orders.
of your Honourable Ileuse, ounierous Peers are. to be found
lgautlig°llugagtell°o7llPlTru.Pßl.luerttres,—waenred nthotatiuPsatirtulintetinentot4biew`haicitl.'ortintotitil
upon the people, but a controul for the people,' become theroly
i
Instruments n the hands of. Achnieistration,—y.our Petitionets
humbly conceive, that the exieteneteufsuch abuses is wholly
incompatible with the public safety, and must lead, ii nu:
speedily corrected, to a train of cal:unities.
" 'That your Petitioners have also to state other reasons it, .7eircn
support of the necessity of /deform. At the Revolution, atel •
long subsequently thereto, the. resent extensive and orgunio.
means of influence and corruption were not in existence. :1; • the accession of Ntrilliarn lii. there was no National i)ele ;
since that time a debt of eight ,hundred millions has been
created. The annual taxes have been increaseddpriog that
period from two to sixty millions ; and the tiosee exoentlitert - •
is mmA less than fifty-three millions. 'Peke expense' forehe eel-
leetion alone is now double the whole national expentlittlee at
that [period. That endleSs source of ve.xation and oppression.
the Excise, which even the influence of Sir Robert 'Welpole
could not, extend, is now incroased Lions half a million to nem,
ly thirty millions per annum. The Assessed Taxes, another
source of vexation, anti oppression, and which at that time lined
no existence, 41'41110W eight millions[ and a half per annum The Poor Rates, scarcely then known, have been mereaeed,
even since the year 1792, from two to about seven millions.
The Stamp Duties, no 11,S$ hurthensome and partial in their
operation, were nut then known, as also other gtievone.impoviit
that could be nieotioned. Standing Armies were not then to-
lerated. During ehe reign of tyilliatn II I, theyoever eeeteptied
10,000 men; and your Honourable Nauss is awareof the shied
that was made in Parliament, in die reign of George IL, upon
constitutional grounds, against the keeping up of a force not
then amounting to IS,OOO tnen ; but ?tow the country has,
in time of peace, to support an army of 80,090. To the above_
mentioned sources of influence may be added, the increased
:lumber of Peers, many of whom your Petitioners have reason
to fear, owe their advaneensent solely to their iatinctiee lea re-
Surniug Ilembers to your Honourable 'louse. The introduction
also of Scotch and Intl illembers into your llonottrable house,
who are mostly returned by the same llTlCollstitutional means.
has greatly added to the prepoiderating influenee of the Alinie-
tees of the4a ti%
yre4atrtiolorinviloe.
iteiitioivniciarsir!t.,anyteba;sothteo oslicsle zteu,litahiaAt the
was stn.,
4. T
fn theh
other measure that conferred-up...it Ministers and their depend-
ants an undue and dangeroum acquisition ii. influence, and has
been a fruitful source of corruption among electors. said
Act was passed 118 a temporary measure to meet a partieular
emergency, but not without great difficulty ; and bee
art
been considered, by some of the highest authorities, as art un-
werrantable and unconstitutiona) assumption of power by the
Parliament, for the exercise of which nuthority de e( had no
more right than they would have had to render themselves
permanent.
4 " That your Petitioners having enumerated the foregoing facts, cannot omit mating some others respecting' the present
achial Nolte of the Representation.
" That in a Petition presented to your !Immutable house
in 1793, by the lion. Mr. Grey (new Lord (Prey), it was al-
lnged, and offered to'be' Proved, that 307 'Members of your
Honourable 'louse, forming a majority therein, were returned,
'not by the voice of the people, but by 158 Peers and other
powerful individuals; and in the said Petition' they attributed
the eagerness with which seats were sought, to the iticreased
National Debt, anti consequent increase of influence---the
l)ebt being at that tante 2-14 millions, and the annual expen-
diture 10 millions.
" That your Petitioners beg particularly to 'impress opon the
minds of your Honourable 'louse, that if the National Debt,
which hail been accurnahning fora century, could in 1793 hove
so powerful an influence, in how much Millar a degree Inuit
its pernicious operation have been inereaec,4l, when from that
time to the present it has advances from 244 to time er.ormotte
'amount of 800 millions 1
" That they beg theretbre to call the attention of your fl -
noitrable Rouse to the following additiottel facte, which Otte, be-
lieve to be subetantiully correct, as far tie facts of Fitch a na-
ture can be ascertained. " That there are in your Ihmonrable .souse no less than 89
Alemberit who ludd places, sinecures, or pensions, tinder the
Government, who share among themselves 183,3721. tee Itfitle
of the publie latoney, and who, us yoor petitioners are it and believe, invariably vote,,with the creep-don of some few ma. stances, with Alinisters ; anti that the-indireet influenee ia your
Honourable House is further augmented by the great number
of Member* who ttre the relatives or dependents of person s hold-
ing similar places and amintnients; as Well as by the exten-sive military, naval, church, anti colonial patronve. •
" That the boroughs in Cornwall send N your honourable
house 42 Alembers ; while, exclokive &Comity ;limbers, only are .returned by 16 othir Counties, Licit:ding London and
" That the said County of Cope/ell contahm-m apopnlatitie of
250,000, and nearly 45,000 house*, and only about 1,200 persons
return the said 42 Members. That, were the said VOttri un-
influenced, your petitioners conceive that this return could in no
sense be considered a representetioe, even of that Countyr
whereas, they ere notoriously corrupt, and xnoetly under the
dominion of patrons.
aP2e2en!,:ithWtoTT7ne4llAivrtatsinetarth:
eee4b2icitsae;:f°ol::?Tnweculit:niclnscifautliiles:d'ficeilb,thottt:4l.enzi'rcevst,:erlora3,l24lawttas:l3htionieigeaem.,invrngeillryni-bri:rc:7E.:l4l(ateth:csl;vt)P:ssl:44:Pupintalsordllisig9atwili:ll;(4::':lo:tit:ol,l,i,;Yzir:.
Under the controul and dontinion atiout 21 individuals,
amen whom are some Peers.
Of nearly four minions and a half,
County Members.
embers ; That ex-
vithdinesulla:lolll:::lthit!'bltultiaet inn 2 ..e'VledleilectliitbirYt7y°°l:4l::;:64Us4o:reetthYt irtili:4:retilisti.adina:l;44i netnu:i
patrons. 'I faat'tat
batten, lhietchingly, Keygete, and Ilaelcutere, in the eetiet
county, which return eight of the above, the eleetiesle ereestuto
bu,r,leTsluaet,
wthheuire.highbesinsheoitSi!:voulgid l's°4lllVnynCeuawrn thneureni4at;rous
super
plates, Which are too well known to be pointed ote, rerrtain r.ta
