WEST INDIA COLONIES.

Thq following Petition Was presented to the House
of Lords last night by Lord REDESDALE :
To the Right Hon. the House of Lords of the United Empire
of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled.

The Petition of the undersigned Merchants, trading from Lon-
don to the British %Vest India Colonies, and others holding
Mortgages and other Securities upon Slaves and Lands in
the said Colonies,
Humbly showeth—That your petitioners form a portion of
those British subjects who have embarked capital upon the se-
curity of slaves, lands, and other property in the West India
colonies, in full reliance upon acts and declarations of the Bri-
tish Legislature, which during nearly two centuries have sanc-
tioned and encouraged such investments in furtherance of the
cultivation and prosperity of those colonies.
That, among the statutes of the realm to which your peti-
tioners refer, that of the 6th Geo. IL cap. 13, (entitled an Act
for better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's
sugar colonies in America), declares by its preamble that" the
welfare and prosperity of his Majesty's sugar colonies in Ame-
rica are of the greatest consequence and importance to the
trade, navigation, and strength of the kingdom, and proceeds
to enactments advantageous to the colonies. The Act of 14th
Geo. 111., cap. 14, invites loans from aliens, on the security of
freehold or leasehold estates in his Majesty's colonies in the
West Indies ; and that of 14th Geo. 111., cap.. 79, legalizes the
taking interest by British subjects for sums advanced :on mort-
gages and securities of any lands, tenements, hereditaments,
slaves, cattle, and other things, at the rate allowed by the law in
the colony where the mortgaged premises lie.
That the cultivation of the British West Indies colonies, by

the labour of negro slaves imported from Africa, had in this
long period not the cognizance merely, but the express sanction
and encouragement of the Legislature, which, in the preamble
to the Act of the 23d Geo.-11., cap. 31, declares that "the trade
to and from Africa is veryadvantageous to Great Britain, and
necessary for the supplying the plantations and colonies there-
unto belonging, with a sufficient number of negroes at reason-
able rates," and proceeds to enact that " the said trade shall
be free and open tp all his Majesty's subjects."
That occasional efforts made by the Colonial. Legislatures to
check an excessive importation of slaves have been repelled and
reproved by the mother country, whose deliberate counsels had
established her African slave trade, and encouraged it upon
grounds distinct from colonial interests before her colonies
existed ; that your petitioners, therefore, must protest against
the injustice of throwing discredit upon West India commerce
and securities, by mixing up the case of those connected with
that trade and property with the odium which in this free coun-
try is excited by the bare knowledge of the existence of slavery,
an odium which, so far as the British West India Colonies
are concerned, attaches not to your petitioners, but to the
nation.

That it cannot be disputed that the well-being and comforts
of the slaves in our colonies have been materially.and progres-
sively bettered since the time when the nation was holding out
the strongest inducements to an increase of that number, dur-
ing which period, and even subsequently, when Great Britain
abandoned and abolished her African slave trade, no intimation
without any semblance of authority, was announced, of effect-
ing an t xtinction of slavery
.in the colonies, otherwise than by
'he means which an able writer, zealous for the attainment of
that object, has pointed out, " the same happy means which
formerly put an end to it in England, viz.—by a benign though
insensible, revolution in opinion anti manners, by the encou.
ragement of particular manumissions, and the progressive me-
lioration of the condition of the slaves, till it should glide in.
sensibly into general freedom ;" the emancipation looked to
was declared to be thatof which, " not the slaves, but the mas-
ters, should be willing instruments and authors."
That your petitioners, by means of the constant intercourse
with the colonies, are enabled confidently to assert that there
prevails throughout the proprietors thereof, a liberal and con-
stant attention to the wants and comforts of the slave popula-
tion, which is evinced by a plentiful supply (even in times
when the returns may be inadequate to the costs) of such ar-
ticles as will contribute to their well-being, and this resulting
as well from considerations of humanity as from the known
anti acknowledged fact, that upon the effective strength, com-
fort, and contentment of the labouring population attached to it,
essentially depends the value of any West India plantation.
That your Petitioners are well aware that your Right Hon.
House may command from the highest and most unquestion-
able authority, evidence which will filly bear out these asser-
tions respecting the existing comforts and progressively im-
proving condition of the slaves in our West India Colonies.
That representaions of .a contrary tendency, which, having
been Addressed to popular meetings, )lave excited those Pen-
tions, which from various parts of the kingdom have been pre-
sented to your Right Honourable House, are not grounded
upon such information and acquaintance with the subject as
your petitioners have access to, nor upon that respectable evi-
dence to which they have alluded, anti to which they fearlessly
appeal; but originating in exaggeration or misrepresentation,
have, by zealous persons associated for that purpose, been sue.
cesafully applied in irritating
,the feelings of the public, and
inducing a hasty call for an emancipation of the slaves, with
but small regard either to the advantage of the slaves them-
selves, or to the justice due to your petitioners..
That the measures which, from motives of regard towards the
slaves, have been adopted by his Majesty's Government, have
unfortunately, and doubtless unintentionally, already caused a
great deterioratien of the property of your petitioners. These
measures having been generally understood, as expressly pre-
paratory to, anti directly connected wit!), the emancipation of
the slaves, and having not been accompanied with a distinct
arid explicit pledge of indemnification for the injury which pro-
perty must sustain, not only in the attainment of the final ob-
ject, but in the progressive operation of the means for its at-
tainment. That owing to these causes, the confidence of capi.
talists has been influenced to such a degree, that West India
securities are become nearly valueless as transferable property—
a circumstance which, at a period of general alarm and panic,
similar to that which has lately occurred; must suhject the
holders of such property to extreme and peculiar diffculties.
That to this effect must powerfully contribute the measure an-
nounced of offering, as an adequate compensation in cases of
compulsory•emancipation, the estimated value of the liberated
slave or slaves--a proceeding pregnant with alarm to the mort-
gagees and others of your petitioners holding various securities
upon lands cultivated by slaves. And your petitioners humbly
represent, that until it shall be proved by experience, ;Ind free
negroes will work for hire, and carry on the ordinary Cultiva-
tion of estates in a regular and effectual manner, the slaves
must be considered as forming the essential part of the securi-
ties held by your petitioners, since land in the colonies would
cease to be of any worth when deprived of its labourers ; and
that therefore, without the test just mentioned, or full and, Im-
mediate indemnification, the process of compulsory emancipa-
tion cannot even be experimentally conimenced upon x West
India estate with justice to the various patties holding legal
claims upon the proPerty.
That it has been the wise and just practice of Parliament,
when authorizing in this country any infraction of private right
or private property, to provide that the individuals so deprived
shall receive from the public (for whose objects the sacrifice is
demanded) a full and fair compensation for what is taken away,
and even to admit that there be included in the price a consi-
deration for the inconvenience and contingent loss which the in.
dividual may suffer front being compelled to part with his pro-
perty. And your petitioners trust that the measure of justice
may be extended to their case; and that what would be con.
sidered to be injustice to a British subject holding property in
Britain, will equally be considered to be injustice to a British
subject holding prperty in the colonies.
That your petitioners are persuaded that the reluctance and
distrust with which the suggestions of the British Government
respecting an amelioration of the condition of the slaves have
'been received in various colonies, have been caused or aggra-
vated in many instances by an indignant sense of those offen-
sive misrepresentations of the conduct and motives of the colo-
nists, which, in speeches anal writings by eminent persons,
have been so profusely addressed to the British public.; and
more especially and universally by the apprehension of danger
threatening their properties and political rights and your pen.
tioners are confident, that were those feelings removed, together
with the delusion which has been excited in the minds of the
slaves by the prolonged discussions on the subject, the colonial
legislatures would, with sincerity, zeal, and discretion, apply
themselves to the deliberate consideration of all the communi-
cations made to them, with a view to correct whatever may be
amiss, and to supply what may be wanting towards improving
the condition and promoting the civilization of the slave popu
lation. •
That those independent Colonial Legialatures,upon which for
a long period has practically rested (subject to the sanction of
the King in Council) the right of municipal and internal regu.
lation, will, however, claim that themselves, from their local ex-
perience and innuediate knowledge of all that is pinning around
them, can best judge of the fittest time and manner introduc.
ing any changes in their law and practice ; and will plead, that
while they feel the responsibility of their situation, they cannot
consistently be required to do what they conscientiously consi-
der as dangerous to the tranquillity and prosperity of the Colo.
andnies over which they preside.
That
irnauiresr
greatly petitioners
inducedliavee theretomla rked tbhyeite
propertyrhir coi confidence
Colo-
nialdienn:in
practical knowledge of the Colonial Legis-
latures, and in the advantage of having the laws and internal
regulationlof the,Colonies framed by those most competent to
adapt them to the immediate character, habits, and intelligence
the experience and
of die various classes which compose their population; that if
the slaves be taught to look for their protection and government
tos any c
other:
atof the King
eingoaloniallietsh,e
anti legislativecon se.
or other local power which they have been long accustomed to
p
quently the security of property therein, will be greatly ret oey, authority
tite than
tranquillity
endan-
gered.
That your petitioners would therefore regard. an interference
by the Imperial Parliament with the established
jurisdiction of

IVI. S.
9 0

9 3

9 19
