FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

The KING,. attended: by the Lord Steward„-of the
Household, arrived in town yesterday afternoon, in
his travelling carriage and four, with out-riders, from
the Royal Lodge, Windsor" Park. His MAJESTY
proceeded to pay a visit to his Royal brother, the
Duke of York, at the residence of the Duke of Rut-
land, in Arlington-street, where his 'MAJESTY arrived
about a quarter to two o'clock. The Princess Sophia
arrived soon afterwards from her apartments in the
King's Palace, at Kensington. The Duke of York
entertained his illustrious guests with an elegant de.
jeune•soon after their arrival.
After remaining about two hours with his Royal
relative, the KING left town on his return to his
Royal Lodge. •
'I he KING'S equipage proceeded to the Palace in
Pall Mall (after his MAJESTY had alighted), to
change horses, &c.

Sir Herbert Taylor and Sir J. Beckett transacted
military business ) esterday morning with the Duke of
York.

Despatches were received at the Foreign Office yes-
terday from the Right Hon. Frederick Lamb, our
Ambassadiir at Madrid.

• The Spanish Minister transacted business yesterday
afternoon at the office of the Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT' OF KING'S BENCH, Gummam.r.—(Tms DAY.)

tc.tINEV V. JOHNSTONE ANL CRISDALE.

Mr. Scaittm stated the rase. , The plaintiff was formerly a
partner in a bank at Whitehaven; one of the defendants had been
for a time the clerk, and the other the partner of the plaintiff. It
was alleged that the plaintiff was insolvent ; a' Commission of
Bankrupt was consequently taken outagainat him, and the present
action was to try whether that Commission had or had not been
lawfully taken out.—The plaintiff was nonsuited.

ADMIRALTY SESSIONS-,(THIS DAY.)

OLD BAILEY.

The above Sessions commenced this morning before Lord
STOWELL, who entered the Court at nine o'clock precisely, as-
companied by Drs. Phillimore, Pickard, and Haggard. The
Commission of Oyer and Terminer for a General Gaol Delivery,
for offences committed on the high seas, was then read, and the
Grand Jury sworn.
His Loanssur then charged the Jury as follows:—There are
on the calendar six charges, ti►ur of which are very serious—two
for murder ; one for traffieking in slaves, a capital offence; and
one for the cruel and barbarous treatment of a mariner, coin-
mitted by a superior on an inferior officer, ►order the pre-
tence of inflicting proper punishment ; the two other charges are
of minor importance. You will be pleased to retire, and after
hearing evidence, return to Court, and give in your presentment.
His Lordship then retired to breakfast, and returned to Court at,
ten minutes past eleven o'clock, accompanied by Mr. Justice Park
and Mr. Baron Garrow, when the Grand Jury presented a true
bill, against Thomas Young, for having wilfully and feloniously
carried away four female slaves within two miler of the main
land of Africa, with a view of trailiOcing therein. The prisoner
pleaded not guilty.
Mr. Ilenie Ann opened the pleadings.
Sir CURISTOMM RoBINSQW, the King's Advocate, stated the
case for the prosecution. Having explained, at considerable
length, the nature of all the acts which hsd hitherto passed, pro-
hibiting traffic in slaves, he observed, that in consequence of the
measures of late years adopted by his Majesty's Ministers, with a
view to the gradual abolition of slavery, it was found necessary
that the punishment of transportation for fourteen years, which
had been previously attached to offences of this nature, should be
augmented to that of felony without benefit of elergy. The pri-
soner set out from Liverpool as captain of a ship, in the spring of
1825, in order to trade in guns and ivory on the coast of Africa.
In the November of the same year he reached that coast, and en-
tered into contracts with some of tl►e natives, whereby he sent
some merchandise, principally cutlery, which he had exported
from this country, on shore, and he was to rece►ve iu return a sti-
pulated quantity of gum and ivory, and es * security for the latter, the
four fe►nale slaver in question were given up to him as a deposit ; the
Africans not performing their part of the contract at the time
agreed upon, the prisoner sold those slaves, who were in the
nature of hostages, to a Spanish slave-trafficker, who happened to
come in contact with him on the 2fith November. The Learned
Advocate entered into a detail of all the circumstances connected
with the cue, which were substantially as above ; and after he
bad concluded

David Pepper was called; being examined by the ATTOUNlLY-
thareaat, he deposed as follows :-1 was steward of the ship
Malta, which traded from Liverpool to the coast of Africa in
1825 ; the prisoner was then captain of her ; she set sail in April,
and bad twelve hands on board, exclusive of the captain; the tiro
land she reached was the island of St. Thomas ; they afterwards
went to the river Oaboon, and from thence to the river Danger,
where they entered into a trade of wood and ivory with the natives,
for which they returned cloth, blades, and cutlery. This trade
was carried on under the direction of the prisoner. A person
named Antonio Tong, acted as interpreter between Captain Young
and the natives. The Malta was then moored within llf miles
of the , shore. I know a place named She island of 't C44' riseo,
which is eight miles from the main land ; our ship was stationed
between that island and the continent ; the ;Video was a ship
of 202 tons ; I recollect some black women canting on
board, about 14. in number, during this trade. • I heard the pri-
soner say, that if their husband. did not pay the debt, be would
sell them. I heard the prisoner say, that these women were left
as pawns for the goods sent on share ; the ship was moored in the
river Danger ; when these came on board the 14 women were re-
deemed, and went back Again ; at a subsequent period eight
women came on board as pawns, four of whom went back. The
whole were redeemed by their husbands; but the prisoner, after
having received the due quantity of ivory, said he would detain
four for the King's debt.. The name.. of these four were Nura,
Pickeninny, Jumbo Jack, Prince Quarbel. The latter was called
Prince, because that was her husband's name. The prisoner told
the husbands, before me, that if King Quarbel dill not pay his
ocusaioedort:,:,;:orrtf.ovtl4l,o'aleayP-1111whinailth: mivoi:vlasabornottugivhatn,
tittWo
debts 14 would make sale of the women. Tite 'Fleenor said,
that there was a Spanish schoenee at St. John's, and
that he would sell- the wnwteu to. the Captain of ' it.
I recollect a mate cemieg on board about that time who spoke
Very goo! Engliali, and asked the Captain if he had ail goods to
sell? who replied that be had soma cloth, beetle, iron, and also
four women. Ho told me to bring them eut of the steerage ;
ofinitioe ter
hu;teone ;Lin
parnideo
ihleerdi
the Spanish mate said that he wee*/ them slaves to sell them
to a French slave ship, which was near band, I brought up the
women, one by one, into the cabin ; the mate, on seeing them,
said they were very good women ; the prisoner said that he did
not wish to sell Nura. The mate went away next morn-
ing; his name was Roach. Ile returned the next even-
ing with the schooner, which wee on the 18th of November.
When the schooner came over we saluted her with four guns ;
the Captain Of the schooner cone on board the Mo/t4 with four
The interpreter, the captain, and'the prisoner, went
I heard the interpre-
ter say sothualtetthhiengmtpotatineka;ute to buy the goods of
tell him that the finn. women whom I spoke
hint ; the prisoner said,
to the mats about, may be had for sale ; I did so ; the women were
stript, and the prisoner took them by the shoulders and turned them
round, the Spanish Capt. having seen them, returned to than hooner
and came back next morning, asking, to see ti,-4 geode. The pri..
you want for them, the prientier replied 1
sower said m the interpreter, Tong iglikina if he will not take the
women of our hands. 14,40 the interpreter say, to the psi.
he Spanish Captain put 20 dollars on tavhsaecrottausvulitliee
no—.l can't tete that ; the Interpreter mid;
the prisoner -"id' no,
,he Captain would not give any mere for them. The priumt,
biyan to figure a hide and said, " he may have than,"
eerivereation the Spanish captain sent * heat to the
Mende, but I will toll for Ishall k
4,01-f:reotinnsisted of dollars. The interpreter said, 44 this is the
„weey for the women," the prisoner counted it, and gave it to me
to put into a bag--,after the Spanish Captain went to the schooner
the prisoner said to suer
her, never
pet' down. ,
The women were conveyed into a boat to go to the sch t ' I
ebeerriLionhearcee°augind,fthtehris was before the money Was
went on Wert, the sehOoner, and saw.
they were crying all along ; the prisoner mid ii ii wx/siej —.l
3 ClOr UM,
you are going to a Spanish man;" there were mutual 11).
wets given by the prisoner and the
Spanish Captein ;
there the fat
women crying Iona; they shook me by the hand ; there were
about 80 other slaves on board the schooner; the Wen were ironed
two and two, but the women were not ; the tide ebbs and flows
where the Malta was moored.
Croll4.s.entinttl by Ni., cultwoin.,..our shir vas moored ur

the river Danger, between theisiana Calico and tape St. John:
the tide- ebbs and flows at London-bridge, yet I don't call it the
high seas ; the 4 women were paid fur, but the prisoner refused to let
them go until the King's debt was discharged; the King owed
the prisoner a debt; I have nut heard, nor have I said at Bow-
street, that the Spanish schooner was going to the river Gamboon ;
the interpreter, Antonio Tong, was a black ; we left the coast next
day after the women were put on board the schooner; I knew
that the prisoner intended to leave at that tittle, but he had plenty
of opportunities of putting the women ashore if he wished; I
don't know that the prisoner had given the women to the Spanish
captain to receive the money for which they were pawned at Gam-
boon ; the prisoner got a good drubbing, and had a pair of black
eyes in the river Danger by some of the crew; I don't think it mu-
tinous to strike the captain if he strikes first; four of the crew
attempted to desert ; the primmer accused me of stealing cloth after
I was wade a prisoner on board the Brazen ; this was the ship
on which I made my complaint; I don't knew that I am entitled
to part of the prize-money in consequence of the ship being for-
feited for trafficking in slaves.

Re-examined by the Arrows ty-thrwaßaL—The trade man wad
four black boys went back in a boat on the day that the women
were sold; there was plenty of room for the women also.

. .
By the Couut..-4 have quarrelled with the prisoner very often
during the voyage; the quarrelli►tg commenced about six weeks
after we set out from Liverpool ; he accused me of stealing rum
and ham, besides cloth ; he strudk me two or three times; I
threatened revenge and was going to take the law of him when
we came home ; I saw a ship called the Bake, before I saw the
Brazen ; the cook of the Malta complained to the captain of the
Eska of the prisoner selling slaves:
John Walker examined by the SOLICITOR (brideaaL.—l was
mate on board the Malta during , the voyage in question ;
when we were in the river Danger, we had 6 women on board;
four of them were in pawn ; of the other two, one was the wife
of the captain, and the other of a tradesman ; the four had been
redeemed ; the reason why the prisoner kept those was because
the King of Gamboon owed him a debt, for which he retained
them as a pledge. I remember a mate coming on board front a
Spanish schooner, and I heard the prisoner ask hint to buy the
four women, and also to say that they were of high families front
Gamboon, and if he would take them there he should get four
slaves a-piece for them. I have heard the prisoner say lie was
born iu Galway.

This witnem corroborated the testimony of the last in every
particular, it being no more than a repetition we forbear to
trouble our readers with the particulars of his lividence au the
direct exa►uination.

eroas-examined by Mr. Ctrawoott, with a vie* to *hew
that the place where the Atha was moored, wall not on the High
**,

Mr. Justice PARK observed, that it mattered not whether it was
High Seas or not, for the act stated, creek, bay, or any place over
which the Admiralty lath or pretended to have jurisdiction.
Crow-examination resumed.--_I joined the fray, and was pre-
reinted by Antonio Tong from striking the captain, for he Lad a
rope round the neck of tht second mate, and was going to hang
him. Five of the crew deserted. None of the crew was die-
ohedient on the voyage.
Re-examined by the Soucrroa-Gaillasa,—,The quarrels ca
bOard were occasioned by the Captain himself, who got drunk
along with the crew.

By the Courr—The prisoner charged me with having stales►
several articles belonging to him ; I came home from Africa, not
in the Malta, but in the transport Edward. The ship Malta
and cargo were condemned at Sierra Leone.

Joseph Jackson, examined by Mr. Pror—l was a ship's car-
penter on board the Malta. lle corroborated the testimony of
the other witnesses.
Cross-examined by Mr. Cuawoon-1 Lad hl. a niptith, when
first I went on board, and was afterwards put before the mast,
and my wages reduced to 24 10s ; I did not grumble at it, because
I knew it was of no use--I was on such terms with the Captain,
that I essayed getting a pair of black eyes ; though he struck nie
once when drunk, but he made me an apology when sober, and
I was satisfied ; there were several rows during the voyage, *hie
prisoner was in fault in giving them drink. I Lave heard
him say more than a dozen times that the crew were. too quiet
for hits.—(Laughter.)
By the CotraT—l was five weeks on board ueror* toy s►brry
was reduced.—We had a pilot on board.
1 have heard nothing about coining on board; I WO sworn at
Bow-street that I believed it was Mr. 'Walker who gave the black
eye to the prisoner.

\Wien; Rose, examined by Mr. Barnard.—lle corroborated
the testimony of the others.

Cross-exitnined.—l saw the captain beat the crew eery often;
but did not we Any of them heat him. The prisoner WAS is
fault all along.
By the Conaz--,I littW the chief mate strike the Captain with
his hand Over the eye.
Lawrence Woods deposed to the same &y et as the last.
This was the ease for thu prceeention.
The prisoner being called on for his defence, handed in a state-
Wilt in writing, which was read by the: Clerk.'
'He attributed the present charge to a conspiracy entered into by
his crew, who were in dread of punishment, in consequence of hay-
ing maned, and denied having sold the slave. at all, but suspected
that they were put on board the Spanish schooner through tho
contrivance of Antonio Tong, the interpreter, who was brother
of, one of them. No witness being willed on behalf of the defenets.
~Mr. Justice Patix summed up.
The Verdict war not given at six o'clock.

A true bill has been found against Lieutenant Kenny, • for Man.
slaughter; cud against another for Murder. They are to be tried
to-morrow.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.-,-(Tnus DAY).

Altrich Connor was charged with assaulting Thomas Vaughan
on the 18th September. The prisoner int; found guilty, and emu_
Lanced to pay e fine of is/. with leave to settle.

lariki iiird Ives charged with uttering, on me 6th or 7th
September, one counterfeit shilling to Ili,sb,%h Bleadon, and
another to Sophia Wood, knowing then% to b• to,---Acquitted.
