FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE:

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Moniteur.)
MANIFESTO OF THE OTTOMAN PORTE.
" It is well known to almost every person, that if
the Mussulmans naturally hate the infidels, the
infidels on their part are the enemies of the Mussul-
mans ; that Russia more" especially bears a parti-
cular hatred to Islamism ; and. that she is the prin-
cipal enemy of the Sublime Porte.
" For these fifty or sixty yeahpast; eager to exe-
cute her criminal projects .against the Mussulman
nation and the Ottoman empire, Russia has con-
sequently taken advantage of the slightest pretexts
for declaring war. The disorders committed by the
Janissaaies, who, thanks be to God ! are now anni-
hilated, favoured the progress of the Russians. They
gradually invaded our provinces; - their arrogance and
their pretensions always increased, and they at last
conceived they had found the means of easily carry-
ing into effect their plan against the Sublime Porte,
by instigating the revolt of their co-religionists, the
Greeks, to insurrection. •The latter, rallying in the
name of their religion, revolted simultaneously.—
They committed every possible aggression on the
Mussulmans, and in concert with the Russians, who
on theirpart attacked the Ottoman empire, they con-
spired the extermination of all the faithful, and the
ruin of the Sublime Porte, (from which may God
preserve us!)
Thanks to the Divine assistance, and to the
protection of our Holy Prophet, this perfidious plot
was discovered a short time before it was intended
to carry it into execution. The measures adopted
without delay in the capital, put a stop in the begin-
ning to those criminal projects, the accomplishment
of .vhich appeared at first so easy. Justice was
done by the sword to a great number of rebels of
the Morea, of Negreponte, Acarnania, Missolonghi,
Athens, and other parts of the continent. The rebels
of the Mores, and the islands, had the audacity at the
commencement of the troubles to combat the Mnssul-
mans, of whom they killed a great number of them.
They reduced the women and children to slavery,
and under the name of the Governmen tof Greece
proceeded to unheard-of excesses.
" During several years, considerabl forces, both
naval and military, were sent against thim ; but our
land-troops, discouraged by the want if, f pay, did not
display the necessary ardour. Our fleet also had no
success, in consequence of the long-continued disor-
ganization of the arsenal. rile affair was in this way
protracted. Other Europeans, beside the Russians,
animated by ambition, s2cretly supplied all kinds of
assistance to the rebels, as well in deed as in pro-
mise, and Were thus the principal cause of the pro-
Longation of the troubles. At length, influenced by
the Russians, England and France united with
Russia, and under pretext that their commerce was
suffering from the long duration of the, troubles, they
induced by all sorts of artifices the Greeks to re-
nounce their duty as Rayas.
"At different periods it was proposed to the
Sublime Porte to cease interfering in the affairs of
Greece by giving them an independent form of Go-
vernment, to establish over them a chief, as in Mol-
davia and Wallachia, and to grant them liberty on
payment of an annual tribute. Such were nearly the
vain propositions made to the Porte. As it is evi-
dent that this pretension of liberty tended to nothing
less than (from which Heaven defend us !) to cause
to fall into the hands of the infidels all the countries of
Europe and Asia in which the , Greeks are mixed
with the Mussulmans,—to put by degrees the Ravas
in the place of the Ottomans, and the Ottomans in
the place of the Rayas,—to convert, perhaps, our
mosques into churches, and to make bells resound
in them,—in a word, to crush rapidly and easily
Islamism : neither reason, law, policy, nor religion,
permitted the acceptance of such propositions. The
Sublime Porte often returned, both by writing and
verbally; the necessary answers in all the official
forms, and according to the tenour of treaties.—
Though the object of the Franks had been perceived
from the beginning, and every thing announced that
the sabre alone must at last reply to their proposi-
tions; nevertheless, that the repose of Mussulmans
might nor be troubled, and on the -other hand, to
gain the time necessary for warlike preparations, the
Sublime Porte endeavoured to temporize, as much
as possible, by satisfactory replies, and by official
conferences on the subject of the dishonour and pre-
judice which the propositions :of the three Powers
would have caused to the empire and the nation.
" This is the occasion to observe, that though the
demands made by the Russians at Ackerman, on the
subject of indemnities, and particularly with respect
to the Servians, were by sio means admissible, never-
theless, circumstances being pressing, it was thought
proper to acquiesce, right or wrong, and by necessity,
in order to seize the opportunity to conclude a
treaty for the safety of the Mahometan nation.
Hitherto, the greater part of the articles have obtained
tbeir execution. The conferences relative to the in-
demnities and to Servia were also commenced, and
though these two affairs were not of a nature likely
to be settled with a good grace, they were, however,
taken into consideration as acts of violence.

" -Russia, however, did not stop here. The mili-
tary reforms adopted by the Sublime Porte gave
her umbrage ; she perceived that this regeneration
might one day bring back upon herself the evil
which she had prepared for Islamism. From that
moment she resolved to allow no relaxation to -Mils-
sulmans. Russia, England, and France agreed to-
gether to establish by force that liberty which we
have already described above. -
For a year past those three Powers have simul-
taneously demanded the liberty of Greece, through
the medium of their Ambassadors, officially and
openly, as- a plain matter of concession. To this
demand the Sublime Porte could not, according to
law, reason, policy, or religion, subscribe. The
Mtissulman nation heard it with indignation, and it
was quite impossible that it should ever be conceded.
The Ottoman Government endeavoured to make
them renounce their pretensions by all kinds of ar-
guments and replies; but its language produced no
effect upon them. Proud of their force, they ob-
stinately and rigidly insisted on the acceptance of
their demand, and concluded by sending their fleets
intit the Mediterranean. -They openly prevented the
Ottontan and Eyptinn squadrons, destined to punish
the rebels, from attacking the islands. These two
squadrons having entered the port of Navarin, were
there tranquilly waiting the orders of the Sublime
Porte, when the Russian, English, and French
fleets, which unexpectedly entered the same port as
friends, began to fire all three together, and all the
world knows the catastrophe which resulted there-
from to the Imperial squadron.
"The three Powers having thus openly broken the
treaties, and declared war, the Sublime Porte was
fully entitled to make reprisals, and, in the first
place, to deal differently from what it did with the
Ambassadors, their countrymen, and the ships which
~,,-ere here; but the Ministers of the three Courts
ba-.,ang ought to justify their Governments by de-
clatingJ that it was the ()ommanders of the Imperial
fleet who bad given occasion to the battle,
the Sub-
lime Porte, having rega.rd to circumstances, still
preserved silence, employing policy for a last effort ;
at the -imp time desiring the three Ambassadors to
desist,
from their interference in the dffairc of
Greece: Deaf to the voice of equity, those
infidels never ceased
from
.sequiring that their
demand, such as it was, relative to the libe:sy of
Greece, should be admitted; they might even be
said to have become more urgent in their demand;
!a,lly, the hostile views of the Franks against Isla_
raisin were' openly disclosed. Nevertheless, with
the design of gaining time, at least till the si,imner
approached, every possible management was r.e.orted
t) in the conferences and communications with: i took.
place
, some weeks ago. It was notified in v mons
answers to the Ambassadors, that as soon ~s the
citee;:s should ask pardon, their faults shoOd be
wholly forgotten; that their property, their p: :sons,
their estates, should be untouched; that they .vould
be excused the payment of the capitation a 1 the
other tributes which they owed since the
lion ; that there would he no question of otli- r tri-

butes, but that besides, for the gratification of the
three Powers, they should be exempt from tribute
during one year; in a word, that all the privileges
which the -quality of Rapes allowed of should be ac-
corded them, but that nothing beyond that limit
could be conceded;- • •

"In the course of the conferences; the Sublime
Porte earnestly entigatedihe Ambassadors to trans-
mit to their Courts these amicable declarations and
sincere explications, promising at the same time that
the armistice demanded by them should be observed
until the'reception of the answers. This request had
no other effect-but to increase their pride and their
pretensions. Finally, they declared that they would
not consent to anything less than the according the
privileges which were the subject of the conferences
to the Greeks living in what was called ancient
Greece,—that is to say, the Morea, Attica, and the ;
Isles of the Archipelago,—and they announced their
intention of departing all three together.
"Affairs had arrived at this point. If now (which
God forbid!), after having seen such conduct and a
similar situation of things, we had found it necessary
to beat a retreat and yield the point in question,—
that is to say, the independence of Greece—the con-
tagion would soon have spread through all the
Greeks established in Romelia and Anatolia, with-
out the possibility of a stop being put to the evil.
They would then all claim the same independence,
—would renounce their duties as Rayas; and tri-
nmphing in the course of one or two years over the
generous Mussulman nation, would one day finish
by suddenly giving us the law, and (Heaven avert
the
.misfortune.!) the evident result would be the
Ea of our religion and our empire. Whilst, thanks
to God ! the numerous provinces of Europe and
Asia are filled with an immense Mussulman popula-
tion, will the Holy Book and the law permit us, for
fear of war,to suffer our religion to be trodden under
foot, to deliver ourselves up, that our country, our
children, our goods, and our possessions, may
be transferred by infidels from hand to hand ?
" Although in the beginning the whole world was
in the power of the infidels, nevertheless, on the pro-
mulgation of the true religion, God assisting the
faithful, the Mussulmans, our brethren, who have
appeared and disappeared since the happy time of
our great Prophet up to the present day, have never
in any war, owing to their sincere devotion and un-
shaken courage, taken into consideration the numbers
of the infidels. Heartily united in defence of re-
ligion, how often have they put millions of infidels
to the sword ! How many states and provinces
have they not thus conquered, sword in hand!
Wherever we unite like them, and confront the battle
for the glory of God, the Most High will enlighten
u.s with his inspirations, and our holy legislator n ill
cover us with his tutelary shield; his absent com-
panions will serve us for guides ; and no doubt under
their auspices we shall gain brilliant victories.
" If the three Powers, seeing that we are deter-
mined, as in times past, to reject their vain de-
mends, should yield to our answers and explana-
tions, and desist from the Greek affair, good and
well. If, on the contrary, they should persist in
wishing to compel us by force to admit their de-
mands, even though they should—illustrating the
saying that " all infidels are but one nation' —all
league against us, we will recommend ourselves to
God, place ourselves under the protection of our
holy Prophet, and, united in defence of religion
and the empire, all the Vezirs, the Ulemas, the
Ridjas, perhaps even all Mussulmun', will form only
one corps.
" This is not like for Mer contests, a political war
fur provinces and frontiers; the object of the Infidels
being to annihilate Islamiam, and to tread the Maho-
metan nation under foot. This war must be consi-
sidered purely a religious and national war. Let all
the faithful, rich or poor, great or little, know that
to fight is a duty with us; let them, then, refrain
from thinking of their arrears, or of pay of any
kind ; far from such considerations, let us sacrifice
oar property and our persons,—let us execute zeal-
oasly the duties which the honour of Islamism im-
poses on us,—let us unite our efforts, and labour
body and soul for the support of religion until the
day of judgment. Mussulmans have no other means
of working out salvation in this world and the next.
We hope that the Most High will deign to con-
found and scatter every where the infidels, who are
enemies of our religion and our empire ; and that in
all times, in all places, and in all circumstances, he
will grant victory and triumph to the Faithful. Our
real position being thus known to all Mussulmans,
can it be supposed that inasmuch as they possess
faith and piety, they Will fail to recognize their duty,
that they will fail to unite heart and soul for the
maintenance of our holy religion and our country, as
well as foe their own welfare in this world and in
that which is to come ? that they will not readily
perform with bravery and zeal the various services
of war, and to fulfil punctually the duties which our
holy law imposes onus ? Help comes from God !"
(From the Moniteur of Friday, Feb. 22.)

PARIS, FEB. 21.—We yesterday published, with-
out adding any reflections, the Manifesto of the Otto-
man Porte ; we have to-day to confirm a notorious
fact, namely, the surprise with which this unexpected
document fills every class of readers. We may
judge of the astonishment with which it must have
filled the diplomatic body at Pera, and particulatly the
Ministers of Austria and Prussia, whose most perse-
vering efforts and the most earnest exhortations were
contending the day before with the fatal obstinacy of
the Porte. The Internuncio, who continued at that
time his endeavours to influence it, was_evidently in-
fluenced like every body else, by the feigned assu-
rances which it now boasts of having lavished by de-
sign. We have already had occasion to observe, that
the concurrence of the two Powers, strangers to the
treaty, without being divided as to its principal
object, had caused a happy result to be hoped for,
and it is difficult to coneeive that the Porte should
have suddenly declined this frank intervention, is it-
self so salutary. .

(From the Gazette de France, dated Feb: 23.)

JASSY, JAN. 28.—A proclamation received from
Constantinople, which orders all subjects to take
arms, has thrown the authorities of this country into
evident embarrassment. The Hospodar and the
Divan appear to repent of having shown themselves
too well disposed towards Russia, and to intend to
neglect nothing to regain the confidence of the Porte.
We .are without news from the frontiers of Russia.
—Augsburgh Gazette.
PARIS, FM: 22.—Pnhlie attention has been
greatly excited by the new face which the affairs of
the East appear to assume since the letters from
Constantinople of the 1 lth of January. It had been
hoped, from the united efforts of the Austrian Inter-
nuncio and the. Prussian Minister, that the three
Powers, parties to the treaty of London, would not
be led to any offensive measure against the Ottoman
, Porte,

, The manifesto which has appeared at Constanti-
itople may excite fears lest these hopes should vanish.
However, fresh efforts of the Austrian Cabinet, the
blockade of the Dardanelles by the three European
squadrons, which will probably be the consequence .
of the publication of the Sultan's manifesto, ►nay
lead the Divan to be sensible of the insufficiency of
its efforts against the five great Powers of Europe,
Austria and Prussia cordially joining the three
Powers who signed the treaty.
At all events, whatever resolution the Ottoman
Porte may take, Europe will, nevertheless, have de-
rived from the wisdom of the Cabinets, the advan-
tage of having preserved up to this day a state of
peace, which, but for their solicitude, would have
been interrupted six years ago : for it will be re-
membered, that at that time the Constitutionnel
already published a Manifesto of Russia, to announce
the passage of The Prtith. Another still more
valuable result' of the union of the Cabinets is, the
certainty that no power will act separately, whatever
maylit the events that are preparing, and that the
genetid interest of" Europe alone will prevail in their
future resolutions.
A journal, speaking to-day of this important affair,
would have France. depart from all the ideas of
the balance of Europe, which it calls routines of

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 25, 182.8.

In another column will be found the Manifesto
of the OTTOMAN PORTE, to which we alluded
on Saturday. It is a document full of all
the blind fury and importance for which the
Turks are so remarkable. The tone of this
Manifesto is warlike to the last degree ; but
Nve still think that the SULTAN is not se-
rious in his intentions of proceeding to eitre-
mities. What can he gain by war—single-
handed against so powerful a confederacy?
He may accuse Russia of perfidy—but that
avails him nothing, and the charge comes with
a bad grace from one who boasts of his own du-
plicity now that it is successful. His prepara-
tions are all very natural, whether they are for
offensive or defensive operations. His situa-
tion is so peculiar that he must be on
his guard, for as the Ambassadors of the Allied
Powers are absent from Constantinople, he has
no guarantee that an attack may not be made
upon him in quarters, which it would be impru-
dent to leave without the necessary means of de-
fence. Every war in which the Turks are engaged
is made a war of religion, and it is therefore the
object of the SULTAN to inflame the enthusiasm
of the Faithful by appeals to their prejudice and
fanaticism. It is, however, possible, that all this
din of preparation is only meant to obtain better
terms by the appearance of a determination
to resist by force what can be much better
done by , negociation. The SULTAN must be
aware if the Allies really proceed to war, that his
chance of obtaining more favourable terms is out
of the question. All the advantage which the
SULTAN can. have gained by procrastination is
more than counterbalanced by the destruction of
his fleet at Navarin. Where then is the wisdom
of going to war ? Peace is his best policy,
and we think he must be of the same opinion,
unless circumstances, with which we are at present
unacquainted, induce him to act otherwise.
But reasoning upon the conduct of the Turks is
like making a rope of sand—useless labour. We
must wait for facts.

We are happy to see that ALGERNON has
not disappointed the expectations which we held
nut to the public, that further contributions
might be expected from his able and vigorous
pen. His fourth letter has appeared this morn-
ing, but with an inconstancy which distinguished
his prototype Jumus, he has given up the
Editor of the Times as a correspondent, and has
inflicted the whole weight of that honour on the
Hon. Member for Hertfordshire. ALGERNON
should, however, recollect that his extravagant
praise may not only have the melancholy effect of
t tuning Mr. DuNcom BE'S head, to the great detri-
ment of the nation, but may set other young sena-
tors a tilting for a spurious notoriety, when
they are informed, on such high authority, that
the wisdom of our veteran statesmen, is as noth-
ing compared with the impetuous declamation
and unsubstantiated charges of this scion (as
ALGERNON calls him) of the House of Fever-
sharn.

With regard to the queries of ALGRRNON, re-
specting the late interviews of the Duke of
WELLINGTON and Mr. HER RIES, with Mr.
Itontscntr.D, we have reason to believe that
they are, what may be elegantly termed, perfect
fudge. ALGERNoN might just as well ask in the
same mysterious style, has not the Duke of WEL
1.71,707'0N been seen on horseback several times

of late, between the hours of two and five in the
afternoon ? and has not Mr. ROTHSCHILD re-
ceived many expresses from Paris since the Ist
of February ?
The fact is, we suspect that our much respected
cotemporary is not altogether pleased with Mr.
ROTHSCHILD, for some reason or reasons un-
known, and we therefore find in its columns
personal and illiberal comments on an individual,
who may possibly possess too great importance,
but who has acquired his consequence, such as it
may be, in the fair and legitimate channel of
commercial enterprise.

We received this morning the Austrian Ob-
server of the 13th inst. It contains some inte-
resting particulars respecting the progress of
affairs in Western Greece. IBRAHIM is appa-
rently idle ; the battle of Navarin has paralysed
his exertions :

VIENNA, FEB. IS.
Accounts from Smyrna, of Jan. 3, are to the following
effect :

The French Admiral de Rigny is still at anchor at
Vourla, to which place the Russian frigate Constantine,
which was to have taken M. de Ribeaupierre on board in
the Dardanelles, but bad missed him, returned on the 26th
December. Commodore Hamilton, whose successor (Sir
Thomas Staines) has arrived here, on boards the Isis fri-
gate, is preparing to leave the Archipelago with the Cam-
brian. The siege of the fort of Scio is still continued by
the Greeks ; but it should seem that the besiegers do
not make much progress, as we have heard no-
thing of their operations for a considerable time
past. The Turks, on the contrary, occasionally 'send
supplies both of men and provisions to the besieged, from
the Asiatic coasts, and threaten to land in greater force.
The Greek ships, which ought to maintain the blockade of
Scio, are cruising meantime in all directions in search of
booty. They lately had the boldness to attack the French
brig of war Mame:tin, and two days after they plundered
an English merchantman near Ipsara. The same may he
said of the Greek vessels which are pretended to be ap-
pointed to blockade the ports of the island of
Candia; nay, Admiral Sachtury, who has been sent
out by the Provisional Government at Egina, under
the pretext of chastising the Greek pirates, is himself com-
mitting acts of pillage and robbery, instead of suppressing
such excesses. In Syra, one of the chief depots of plun-
dered goods, they are sold by the association of robbers
for almost nothing, since the news of the approaching ar-
rival of Count Capo d'lstria has been spread in Greece,
because they fear, that on his arrival, all the plundered
goods will be sequestrated. Ibrahim Pacha seems to be
doing nothing in the Mores. General Church, on the
other hand, bas spread the insurrection in Western Greece,
where several Capitani have joined him. In Candia, the
efforts of the insurgents are feeble and unconnected.
Against Negropont nothing has yet been undertaken be-
yond the preparations, but some districts of Eastern Greece,
for instance, Talandi, have been again induced to revolt. In
Arcadia the bands of Rimeliots and Moreots are at war
with each other.

Extract from the Oriental Spectator of Dec. 29 :
"In consequence of the threats of the Admirals the
Greeks have at length resolved to send out three Hydriot
brigs to chace the pirates, to whom the Government had
given licences, and who plundered all they met, and to
send them back to Greek ports. These three vessels were
commanded by Sachtury, who, according to the modern
Greek fashion, has long been ranted Admiral. The worthy
Admiral on his arrival off Cyprus gave out that he was
come to put an end to piracy. When searching an lonian
vessel which sailed from Cyprus, he learnt that a French
merchantman, the Tyrian, had taken in a cargo at La-
nacha for Marseilles, and doubtless to prevent its being
plundered by the pirates, whom he was to chase, he at-
tacked the merchantman in the night with two large boats,
which cut its cables, and towed it to Cape Grego, where
every thing, even the sails and tackling, were taken away,
on which the worthy Admiral vanished to give a report of
his operations to the respectable Senate of Hydra. Two
days afterwards the Echo, French corvette, came to
Lanacha, and assisted the Tyrian, which waiin the greatest
distress, repaired it as well as could be done, and conveyed
it to Alexandria. We have learnt that other French and
English merchantmen from Beirout and Damietta have
been treated by Sachtury in the same manner. Carabusa,
therefore, is not the only nest of pirates. Hydra and
Spezzia dispute the pre-eminence with it. Is it not at
length time to destroy all the vessels of those islands? Has
not sufficient patience been shown—and is it not evident
that all these parodies of Greek fleets, Greek Admirals, and
Greek expeditions, are brought forward merely to deceive
Europe, and to conceal the real state of the case under out-
ward forms ? A fan, thrown in a passion at the
feet of a Consul in Algiers, has thrown all France into
commotion and caused the equipment of a whole squadron,
whereas the incessant insults in Greece, the pillage of a
countless number of French ships, have not been able to
disturb the phlegm of our Statesmen. Without taking
much time or consideration, almost the whole naval force
of the Turks has been destroyed at Navarin, though they
also possessed the rights of a belligerent power, and have
never detained a single merchantman on its voyage, and
the pirates of Hydra and Spezzia are not burnt, which for
theSe six years past have been ruining the commerce of
Europe, and bidding defiance to all nations."

By the Sarah Caroline, Captain PRINCE,
Charleston Papers to the 29th ult. have been
received at the North and South American
Coffee-house.

On the 21st ult. one-fourth of the unfortunate
town of Wilmington, North Carolina, was de-
stroyed by fire. The square, south of the Court
and Market-house, has not a house standing
between Market and Dock-streets. Whether it
was the work of an incendiary, or an accident,
we are unable to determine.
From Savannah, under date of the 21st ult.
we learn that a mutiny took place on board
the ship Kingston, front Liverpool, which ar-
rived in that port on the 20th. Eight of the
mutineers were arrested, and brought to town
this morning, in the revenue cutter Crawford,
Capt. PAYNE, and are. committed to prison.

A letter from Vera Cruz, of the 21st of
December, 1827, to a friend of the writer's
in Charleston, says—" You are aware of the
law that was forced from the Legislature of
the State of Vera Cruz by the Vox Pop- uli
in the beginning of this month, expelling the
European Spaniards, and 'that we anticipated
a law from the National Congress on the same
subject. We this day learn it passed the Lower
House but was rejected in the Senate, much to
the disappointment of all this section of the 'Re
public. It is said that an attempt to awe the
Senate into obedience to the will of the sovereign
people is on foot : several large bodies of men
have assembled at Faenbaga and other villages
to Mexico for that purpose, and they
reported adjacent
800 men ready to-march from Onebla
for the same laudable purpose. At Onebla they
have committed a shameful outrage, robbing the
old Spaniards to the amount of 100,000 dollars,
in money and effects. The Authorities were in-
timidated from calling in the military force by the
immense rise of the populace. . Recourse
was had to the Bishop, who, in his canonicals,
with all the insignia of his holy office,
made his appearance and addressed the mob,

and, strange as it may appear, these fanatical
villains paid not the least attention to his au-
thority or his remonstrances, but continued their
work of plunder till day-light. In their contest
for booty, some few were killed and several
wounded. Oascaca is still in the hands of the
Military Chieftain, GARCIA, and of course under
military law. Many robberies have been com-
mitted lately on the road, between this and
Mexico. At present we are tranquil here, but
business of all kinds is completely paralyzed.
The: Treaty of Commerce and. Navigation be-
tween the United States and Sweden, concluded
at Stockholm on the 4th of July last, has been
ratified by the Senate, and the ratifications were
exchanged at Washington, on the 18th instant,
by the Secretary of State, on the part of the
United States, and by Baron STA KELBERG,
Charge d'Affaires of his Majesty the King of
SWEDEN, on the part of his Government."

We received this afternoon the 'Gazette de
France, dated yesterday, by express. There has
been a fall in the French Funds on Saturday,
caused by the French Government being de-
feated in the .Chambers in the 'appointment of a
President. Three per Cents. 68f,
per Cents. 103 f. 95c. •
A • correspondence has taken place between
Admiral de RIGNY and 'some French Officers,,
in the service of IBRAHIM PACHA. The Ad-,
miral strongly advised them to leave the Egyptian
service, to which they (through the medium of
of their Commander, M. LETELLIER) replied
•• I
that they would, provided that, they were furnished
with sufficient means. These were provided, and
they accordingly retired under the protection of
an Austrian vessel. •
The following are extracts:—

TalEscrE, FEL 12.—From Alexandria a vessel arrived
to-day, and states that some days before its departure forty
Egyptian ships had reached Navarin ; two large ships .of
the line had anchored at Aboukir; they had no further
details.

Rusts, FEB. 23.—Yesterday's scrutiny for the Presi-
dency has shown that the majority in the Elective Cham-
ber belongs to the United Royalists; and that the others
have no chance, except in their disunion.
Three hundred and sixty-four Deputies were present
yesterday at the Chamber ; they have reported five names
on every bulletin, that is, 1820 suffrages, on which the
liberal candidates have obtained 766 votes, the.. Royalists,
1054.
The five who are named as most likely to- obtain the
presidency are as follow :—M. de la Bonrdonnaye, Gautier,
Royer Collard, Ravez, awl Casimer Perier.
Persons well informed on the subject assert, that M.
:Ribeaupierre* and Stratford Canning had quitted Corfu
early in the month, without waiting for the Count Guil-
leminot. It was supposed that the former had betaken
himself to Trieste, and the latter to. England.:
We have received news from Constantinople of the 25th
of January. The Hatti Sherif of the 20th of December,
has been communicated in the palace of the Porte,
to all the Ayans assembled, and sent to all the
Pashas, which has produced the greatest conster-
nation at Pera, caused by the defiance it bids
Russia. Rigorous measures still continue. The rich
Armenian Primates, to the number of twelve, have been
arrested, and the consternation of the merchants of all na-
tions are inexpressible. Amilst all these preparations for
war the capital remains quiet.
The Austria Observer states, under the date of Jassy,
Feb. 4, that letters from GalliCia say, a Finnan has been
published in all the fortresses on the Danube, that all
Turkish soldiers, on pain of death, must avoid entering
the principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia.
LEGHORN, FEB. B.—Letters from Naples, state that
Count Capo d'lstria sailed as the 23d of January, from
Malta for Egina.

A French Paper received this morning says,
since the unfavourable news from Constantinople
of the 11th, Prince METTERNICH has sent re-
peatedly Couriers to the above capital, in the
hope to arrange the differences, but the Divan
decidedly pronounced for war ; therefore all hopes
of accommodation have vanished.

At the moment of the departure of the last
courier from Vienna, sent to the Austrian Am-
bassador at Paris, it was greatly feared that the
Russians had passed the Pruth, without waiting
the adhesion of the other Powers ; this report
has caused the Austrian and other funds to fall.
The Gazette of Necker announces that Russia
is making immense preparations for war, and at,
every point new levies are marching on the side
of the eastern provinces of the Empire.

According to accounts from Perpignan JEP
ESTANGS is to be executod, but the time is not
stated.
