MU LLER,

BIOGRAPHY OP MAJOR MULLER, ONE OF THE DEPU-
TIES SENT BY THE TYROLESE TO Tap BRITISH

GOVERNMENT.

Major Muller, thirty-three years of age, is the
son of a lawyer of Pludent; in Voralberg, whose
family has been respeCtable for ages., Contrary td
the wishes of his father, he manifested from infancy
a strong predilection for a military life, and entered,
wh-n very young, into the' 'Anstrian service ; to
which be has, since the year 1796, made .several
campaigns, as an officer,. to,the Batisfaalon of his
superiors, ,and was tWke wounded.
On the cession of VOr,dberg to Bavaria„.lre quit-
ed the military profession, and preparo to pass the
remainder of his life in peace and repose, in ,his na-
tivecountry; and in the bosotn ofThis faMily.- He
was, nevertheless, prevailed upon to accept the'rank
Of Captain in the Militia, on. the general establish-
ment of that'syStem in Bavaria. In this Capacity,
and as Commandant of a Division, he superintended
the training of his countrymen ; and soon perceived
that they wouldassi{inously devote their attention to
the acquirement of military know'edsie, .ftlivik arms
were to be employed in' favour of 'Austria, and not,
as 'was the objeel of livariA, against their, fortmer
Sovereign. As At jor Muller new h. i a 3-e intimate-
ly acquainted with the sentiments of his fellew citi-
zens, and could rely on their inte,Jity.'and silence,
he advised them to make the ..selves as. perfeet" as
pt),7sible in the rucFments of the military, art, :as a
time might soon arrive, in which this profickncy
alight not -only prove advantageous, but cboiribute
greatly to the deliverance of their country troth the
GallollivariAn yoke.

This period fortunately did arrive, on the breaking
out of the late war; and Major Muller, as a zealous
adhetent to the cause of justice, who felt deeply-in-
terested' in behalf of religion; his native land, his
ancient Sovereign, and the former happy constitu-
tion of the country, perceiveds that, on the a&ual
commencement of hostilities, he/should have tong}
an'impoltant part; to which- lie was Called, not-only
by his birth and'qualificatiOns, but alsb by the corifi-
devce and love of his oppressed fellow-citizens, in
order to release his almost ruined country from the
fetters of slavery, which - Bavaria had so strongly
rivetted.

The Major was the person who proceeded to Tv-
,rol, to concert in what „winner this release should
be effetted ;,and after the proper measures had .been
agreed upim,, he returned, with astonishing expetli=
lion, to organize the insurre6tion ; in which he was
admirably Seconded by hiS teliow-itizeos, who, he
bad trained to the use Of arms. Placing himself at
the head of his courageouS and patriotic bands, °he
not. Only repulseft the impetuous attack of some of
the best disciplined troops in- Eornpe, provided with
artillery and cavalry, of both of which he was to-
tally destitute, after an Obstinate engagement of'ionr
hours, near Hohtfnems; but drove them on the same
day with gri-at shughter, from their positions, 'and
out of his country , to the-very draw-brAges and gates
of •Lindan.

Hip native land being now cleared of the enemy,
Major. Muller took the necessary precautions to se-
cure the passes and positions, and to restore the
communication with the Tyrolese, by way of *ell-
ler Im.-nstat tO-Knotty. As the enemy, who had
totally.exh"aus►ed the-country, knew that, the P\drio-
tic insurgents were in want of every thing, but parti-
cularly ammunition and money;- he gave
.them no
time to supply, in any manner, the deficiency' of
these essential requisites foi-carrying on war, but
furiously attacked them on all points wi; h a fir.sult
perior force. The engagenient lasted from. early 'in
the morning till night ; and in spite of the desperate
attacks of the enemy, supported--by artillery and ca--
valry, the -Major and his brave companions cattle off
viaorions.

As these gallantdefenciers of their country dig-
' 'played: such courage and intrepidity in these two
airairs, and became accustomed to Military operations,
Major Mullet-resolved, in conjunction with t4O 'of
his most intimate -friends, 'who had been. with
'him appointed Counsellors of War by the Empe-
ror of Austria, to make an incursion into the con-
tignous provinces of Suabia. This expedition was ,
Undertaken. both by land and water. By land the
braveVoralbergers made themselves masters of Kemp-
ten,,lsny, and Wangen ; and by water, of'the city
of Constance, after au obstinate conflict: /The ene-
my, however, began to attack themvc ith a far supe-
rior force, and especially, with cavalry, which was
the more dangerous in such an open country as
Suabia. Accordingly they had no .nther alternathie
than to retire in gcod order, ;after disarming` the
three above-tne.ntioned towns, and taking with:them
Constance, six pieces of cannon and two am-
waggons, some hudreds of prisoners; 160
7 corn, and a quantity of wine.
• ant of lead was so great as' o'oblige -them
' to .• ~.course to that belonging •to the windows ;
and v.,rscil,,s were employed
,to go from house to
liousetk !lea the old lead. The Voralbergers,
likewisecoureived the idea of making wooden can-
non ; but as these would serveat most for only eight
or ten discharges, all the metals in the country were
put in requisition, The bells were also taken from
the steeples of the churches and chapels, and with
I. these they founded cannon and howitzers, which
they bored-with such .skill, that they are not infe-
rior to any others:
While Major Muller and his gallant companions
were thus engaged, they received promises of- suc-
cours, in ammunition, money, cavalry, and -artil-
lery; but these expeetations were not' destined to-be
realized. In this manner, they waned four months,'‘
till they received intelligence of the unfortunate truce?.
Concluded by the Austrian army.' To this news,
however, nobody would give credit; .'and for. this

reaan, Majir Tvrialter was dep►.ated to'the Ivistrian
head-Tiarterg, to aszertain whether ►: was correet or
had he, toifiileil mission, when
he was appointed to another, of still greater impor=
tarice.,..and dispatched, in coniinoiion with &hone-
,cher, to Epg,1a0‘.1,.0.0 solicit the succour of the ,Britith
t:Oon for7lais gallant cotillumen.. We shall be
happy to nn.4rstand that it e appeal has not been
made in' vain.

CORONER'S INctues.r.---.An Incyfisition was taken
yesterday, on the body of Mrs. -Sukey Thorn Nilson,
a widow, who was burnt to death in,her apartments,
in Bi:try's-builOing% New-road, on Sunday night,-
It was stated in evidezice, .that .a fire was discm:ered
in the fir,t floor back room, which was occupied by
Mrs;T,and all atternpt3 to.get,itito th said roorawere
fruitle,si The fire, however, .was subdued, after
having destroyed the floor„and the mutilated re-
mains of the deceas,,A were found in ilts parlour -un-
dernealh. No idea can be formed how the fire cini-
thiaredl, but as it brolie'ont at a late 11,..)0r it. was
supposed that the deceased was reading; and s,ll fire
to her garment, or to the bed-curtains.---Accidental

SHIP NhIV.S.

CRAVESE,ND, J ANL, Aa Y I.

Arrived—the Cere, Evans, from .War,..reord; Ne 1, Nit-
bank, from Flushing; :Venn's, Penh:ion, rrom ; and
tit. Dolphin, Willoc;k, from AlaidleblW.

. -
Satled—the Artronietta, Ne(To,' for 6ibraltar ; Postiru-
m(lis, Crosbie, anal-the Samuel 13.irnerr, i;troimr.l, fur ja.
maica.
