NA.VAL NEWS.

PLYMOUTH, MAY 16.—ArriVed late on Thursday
evening in Cawsind Bay, the brig Snitke, of London,
E. ButtFora), Master, from the Cape of Goo.] Hope,
hound to London, laden with cotton, pepper, Bre.
nine weeks passage. On the I lth inst. spoke the
iota frigate, croizing to the Westward, all well.
Sailed the HannittaPand Magnficent, of /4 guns
each, on a crutze oil- tie coast of Ftl.trice.
Arrived the Hermes sloop of war from a crulze ;
and the Spanish ship Fier del Mar, Capt. BRLAUS.
LEGUE, from the Havannah. By a vessel arrived
here fr:‹n Malaga, the most deplorAle accounts are
received of the distress of tli=tt city, on account of the
scarcity of provisions ; hr, ad is an article hardly to
be obtained at any rate, atie, the poor inhabitants -are
daily perishing for want of food and necessaries;
the excesies committed by the Frenc.n, at the same
time, are beyond all parallel.

Sailed the Bristol trnon-ship for Lisbon.
Arrived the in ship Kamschatka from
Charleston, with timber for Plymouth.

May 17.--,Sailed the .Nortfiamterland, of 74 guns,
Captain H. HOTIIAM, to resume her station of
UOrient ; the Medusa frigate, Ciptain Hon. P. D•
BouVERIZ, on a cruize; and Favourite sloop, of War
to the westward.

Arrived several transporti from Portsmouth, to
ake cavalry forPor Ogal; and the Jane, AIEXANDER2
'torn the coast of Africa. ,

FALMOUTH, MAY 15. tSail d his nijesly".. sl)iP
Montap, -with the Est lodia convoy ; also his'
Majesty's brig Fantome, with her convoy, for Por-
tugal.

MAY 16.—Arrived the ti; indsor Castle packet,
Capt. SUTTON, with mails, from Surinam, which
she left in company of his Majesty's brig Oplssuifi.
which was destined for Demerara : left at the latter
place his Majesty's brig Lively ;' at Thrbadoes 1115
Majesty's ships . Dragon, Rear-Admiral Sir F. La's
FORaY, Bart. Tribune,•.Vestal, Mercury, Lightning.
Arachne, and Morne Fortunae.

The Duke of Kent packet, LAWRENCE, arrive. 4
at Martinique on the I8!h ult. On the 24th ult. in
lat. 24. 9. N. long. 62. 7. W. spoke his Mjesly's •
ship Statira. 'On the 26th, in lat. 2.6. 21. long'

63. 22. spoke the snip June, from Tobago fa
Glasgow.
The Duke of Kent packet, destined for Lisboa.
with mails, is detained till to-morrow, and ill°
Prince Ernest till the igth, for the same place.

The Manchester packet, with mails, for the Me'
diterranean, sails on the 19th ; the Elitq, fOr
diz, on the 12th is detained till to-marow.

The Darlington, for the Leeward Is!ancls, the)
Townsend for the Brazils, and the Mary Ann pa"
ket for Jamaica, sails on Monday.

His Majesty's schooner Alphea, with mails fO
America, is detained till to.dorrow.

DEAL, MAY i B'.—Sailed this morning the whole
of the homeward-bound East Iddiatnen for Coe is
ver ; the San Domingo man of war for off FILIO'
ing ; and the Attack gun-brig fcr off Dunkirk. •
Arrived the Tickler gun-brig from off the Scheldt

PoRTSMoUTH, MAY 1 his DlTeljestf4
ship Allissictoc, witn a convoy, for Guernsey ; dam
vage, for Cluebee, with convoy ; C0m.,1 for Ne"'
fonndi-ind ; IVurspite for the Downs a1.).1 the 13'41
nisses for Lisbon.

The 4venger is this day appointed. to take the
transports under convoy for Quebec, Nova Scotia►

&c. &C. .
N.B. The Quebec convoy cannot get forth...'c
than Cowes Roads. . ,

•
Mustc.-7lt- was with mach -pleasure that we Of,
a- very numerous and elegant 'audienee on S.AturcPY
last.attOcling the annual Concert of Mr. SAt,,omolii
the Hanover-squale Rooms. This, di,tingoiihe
professor has now been So lung among' us, thal-fr"- •
way he considered' as- an, EnglAm4u. The re;
speclability of his chatacier, and the eminence of
talents, §T,ve torn full claim .19, such ata ackno..7vle'!',
went, and rendpr .it a. pleasure, on our part. I'4
Concert, like all which .he has ever cf)ndudedA
tt
of the niat admirable point of, seleala:
and peH'ortnanc,...fie performed a' beautiful sPir'ie
;°'
},r
.ed and
,Playfol' concerti) of his own, with a "'l
liancy of exeCutiOn which. placed him. on a .I('',:re
with any contetnpowy, and with 'a character of
and expression peculiar to himself. It wayreceive,
with enthusiasticperformers applause. :There "were two Ile:::
new perfoters introduCed to the peb'ie 011 111,-,-
occasion: Mr. c.Topmottz perforated a Concifric ail
•the piann-torte in a very masterly style, 0-41(1%j,.
doubtless.take very high .s,ztion among therr-iit
.'Lessors on that ins!rument. t :ok parti,eo
a fine Septuor, Cotriposed by BEETHOVEN, ami
perfOrmtid with great . ability on,• the vio/a.-
'other novelty was signor I.l,:saust,,,LAs, from SP'a cti
•a very pleasing singer, in voice and style very 11)11.0.
' resembling TEEMAZZANI. Both of these pet ferille e
received' the -most, encouraging: a.prol)ation. raPo
rest of the vocal pet foquers were FISHER, MAl3;cl.
BLANCH! LACY;and BRADANI, all of whom ex•ert(o
theinselveii most ably. The whole 0: the"ConcC'et
wet,' •oti but a grand Sympboq't;ol
HAYDN, and the Stabca,Nater of WINTER, 45 0,!-
as SALOMON'S Vtotin Concerto, wee "
mired and applauded.

riRTIIER ERTRACTS FRi.)M THE.'

HO LT MAIL.

PETEIV•TXRG, A.14111L reserve of ;guards is
forming at P ker. Goner +1 Trwskolitt is bo,Ortafed
COM illafider in chief of the .engineer ,corps of-the
Western Army, and Major General' Foßtrrtt to
the 2d Western A! my.
The, army of re,e, re- forthed, is commanded
by General _1;0 ASSO

VIENNA, AP:IL 18.—We learn from Turkey
that the forces which will take the field this y,ear
are much mere numerous than were employed in
1810 and 1811. T 4 diicoußt continues here at
46. Per cent.

NAPLES, APRIL..—They vhite from Gae4e that
every moment fresh detailS are received of the da-
tbages occasioned by the tempest, which took iplace
en the 15th ult. Almost all the fishing boats on
lbe coast have suffered considerable damage. Ib,•
°96 of these bolts two persons perished, without
its being possible to afford them any succour.
During the same night, some ships were driven
on shore between Spuloriga and Terracina; and upon
the' coast that extends from Carceglioni to Monda-
grone.

Near Decca,, upon the coast ofOslurn, in Otranto,
a French bark from Corfu for Barletta, has been
corripletcly wrecked. The hull even has been re.
duced to powder. -The crew was saved, and re-
ceived the most generous hospitality on ihe part of
the inhabitants.

Mt AN,
.Ararr. I.—.—We read in the Gazette of
tliis town, that, considerable purchases of cord in
the kingdom of Italy, and particularly in Genoa, ace
cGotinued tore made on the part of the French Go-
"rnment, and that in consequence, the price of
that article daily•augments.

CONSTANTINOPLE, MARCH 1.5 . --The following
P"r'►aa relation respeaing the late military events
have taken place with the Russians• 'in the
of 13Ahn and Dtrbend, is in circulation here.
relation, written in the Oriental slyie, coatains
4 kilo ws

" It is, without doubt;known that our viaorious
troops. ar. incessantly occupied, both in }winter and
tillriiner, in autuißn, and spring, in disturbing the
enemy of our faith, causing him considerable harm,
his people, rediscing his women 'and chil-
dren to slavery, pillaging and carrying off his pro-
1/erlY. All those who are favourably disposed to
ellr empire clearly perceive that the gates of victory
open to us; and it is a truth as•clear as the sun
4!-ilis meridian that we every day obtain fresh ad-
atitages over the enemy.
CHEW ALICH4N DE Russc, at the head of a
tsonaiderabie corps, has had an aaionwith the
111sians from Kubbe, which, after LI hours, was
("eided in our favour. The Russians were put to
P;;,/
1000 were killed in the field of battle, and
"umber of prisonErs made. The wreck- of the
t''emy's army threw itself into the fortress of
where it is cow besieged by our brave
lArarriors.

it
We expea soon to hear of the taking of Kubhe
411(1 berbend; as well as of many other conquests,
I'd the ccmplete annihilation of the enemy's army.'
t 'VIENNA, APRIL 15.--1 I is reported that Count
t!t•I-RdaAns will- make a journey into Gallacia.
eCoancil of War is, at present, very
much oc-
klPted. •

'423ItELAW APRIL 1 . A -great number of the
Itrs and bccupiers•having a bandonedibeir houses,
Eve avoid lodging the soldiers, and others having re-
ttl'red an out' of the ikay'place, or inns,•wheie
tie)? gave themselves out as strangers, the Deputa-
tan_,(l4 °I Se rv'ee finds itself obliged, in ordei.to re-
cY this abuse, to'publish, thp all these subter-
s alsolutely be, useless, and that lodgings
i41)11t be furnished in equal proportions by all the
Nlbitants all houses, therefore, which are found
kolt. shall be forcibly opened, and the 'military
ia inns, at the expellee of those persons
-
tilar rnder thealselves subjea to this punish-
e •
1,1

41t1 ASHLEYS had a grand selek9ion of sacred
°rt Saturday last, at Covent -garden Theatre,
c'f tyas no. dramatic representation r.af account
Eve.. The perfu'rinanee altogether went
Pkt4t'orY except that a part of the audience ex-
-941 great discontent because BRAHAM; who. had
itel et:t:Q?ed in one of his songs; had lett the The.
'4411
.
4e, however, was sum for, returned, and ef-
11is YPe r i restored good humour by the excellence of
i'3l"roance.
°1 sy°lsupporters of the LANCAsTERIAN System
4
iucatien had an Anniversary Dinner on Satur-
tlit:'; it is to be hoped that the friends of that
;14 1:11 Which is purposely calculated to preserve
Establishment In Church and State, at
1)( time that it diffusea useful knowledge, will
7.11„.''s aetive in doing honour to their Institution.
-110C11., the founder of this latter system, and
hoee c.haraaer private life is in the highest de-'
snable" surely ought not td recetve a less
4)3eif distmalton than the Person_ Who availed
14e °I his plan, whatever improvement may
,Opieeeti made in its pra&icai effe6s ; and we are
thatan Anniversary. Festival in support of
Ot Lltili7,„aY be deemed the Constitutional System
of
gAtit''" would be warmly patronised by the friends
country.
NA

LLELEiand 71117:Pi R.CEPrii?:

•
The Motnitig Chronicle of yesterday gasre a :long
article on :the Subject of Lord Wai.,rEsr..Ey'S diffe-
rences with his late Colleagues; and; on .the faith
of a certain Statement,' said to be privately circa-
_ laced, •it charges. Mr. FEibEVAL With disingenuous
proceeding ; because, at the crone that _he obsert eel
try
,Lord WELLESLEY, the forms of outward
and confidence, he made application to the. PaiNcn
REGENT •to nominate a successor to titat Noble
Lord.—This ..charge of.disingenuousness, this most
false and odious imputation of double dealing agalOst
'one of - the most candid and honourable minds that
'ever lived, we must ,indignantly repel ; apd we are
'persuaded the Noble Marquis will be but little
obliged to the Opposition for the consfruaion which
they have put upon his statement of fads (if indeed
it be his Lordship's) ; it is not indeed of the fael,
as tatecl, .but of tht; , construe/ion 'put upon them,-
that we complain, and we confidently believe that,
the few following sentences will evince the justice
of our cotnplaint.---,Some time previous to the expis
ration of the, testriCtions, Lord WELLESLEY, we. ate,
:informed, tendered to the PitINCE' his resignation ;
but with an offer Or. understanding (we know not
-which) -to hold,- if it should suit his Royal •
1 ness's convenience, the seals of office till-the restric
lions were, aeltially expired, but beyond that period
he is said to have cieelared that hecould not go on
under Mr. PERCEVAL.- Mr. PERCEVAL exceedingly
regretted the loss-of Lord WELLE,LEY'S name and
talents from the Cabinet,, and was extremely desirous,
that he could be induced to continue a. member of.
it; but as his Lordsls4p adhered to his first deter-
mination, Mr. PERcgvAL felt that nothing could
.be more inconvenient and improper than .that. a
Minister should nominally hold the seals after
he had virtually resigned; he, was also aware that
there could not-be a-more ill-chosen moment 'for.
.'xhibiting the differences of the, Ca'sinet than. the
very crisis of the, expiration of the restrictions; and,
therefore,- w hen'LordWcir.EsLEy had _finally re-
solved to retire, nothing could bs more natural or
more proper than that Mr. PERCEVAL should wish
to have his successor, named, as soon as 'possible, in
order to prevent, as well the inconvenience of go-
ing' on with a nominal Secretary of State, as the
,danger to the Administration which Lod WELLEs-
LEY'S secession at the critical moment of the new
sera would have created. We have always under-
stood that Mr. PERCEVAL expressed the greatest re-
gret at Lord WELLE,SLEY'S retirement, and, we are
confident, - felt the necessity of recommending his
successor as a most -painful -duty ; which he was oh--
liged to perfcrna, but u hich he performed with
great personal reluctance, and with ail expressions
of respect and kindness towards Lord WELLESLEY.
These we believe to be the facts, and these are the
views which we think these facts warrant. We are
satisfied that our readers will think that this .eXpla-
nation was necessary, in reply to the- ungenerous in-
sinuations of the Morning Chronicle; but .we trust
that we have now done with the subject ; and that
the hand of Malisnity will refrain from disturbing
the ashes of the illustridus dead.

,MR. SUERIDAN.--A General Meeting of the Bur-
geises of Stafford,.. took place in the Town Hall on.
'Wednesday last, to consider the state of the repre-
sentation of the
.Borougn, in the event of a dissoG
lution of Parliament. The.. Rev. H. RATIIRONE,
Mayor, in the Chair. Sir OSWALD MOSLEY ad-
dressed the Eledors in an eloquent speech, strongly
recommending Mr. SHERIDAN to their, choice.—
Mr. SntRIDAN then caine forward amid the gene-
ral and reiterated cheers and acclamations of the'
whole Meeting. The;Flonourable Gentleman no-
ticed the result Of his canvas, which he stated to be
entire and perfect unanimity in his fairour, through
all ranks and descriptions of per Sons. He had in-
tended, he said, to have entered somewhat at
on political topics, and upon the present, most
perilous state of the ,country, but the feelings ex-
cited by the account' bought by express the pre-
ceding night,.of the'execiable"murder of Mr.,lNti-
CEVAL, had so far interfered with his purpose, as to
indispose him to assume at Unit. moment a tone of
political
.warmth; or to point;censure at eitiler men
or measures. Mr. Stri.'ar DAN,: after noticing with-
warm feelings of satisfattion, 'an address wl,tch he
received from Stafford, and to which more thin 800
signatUres were affixed, strimgfy approving a.nrctiiin
he .made in the •House'ill Commons, in, support.
of the freedom of -,the Press; concluded ,by as
-
Suring the' Electors, that if they again elected
him as one 'of their Representatives, they would.
send to Parlament a man whose price is not on
this, earth; to betray or desert the cause of .his
country, of his constituents, for any boon or
benefit which Ministers, Pi inces, or Kings can be-
stow on him Two Resolutions were t hen unanimous-
ly passed," declaring that the conduct and principles
of Mr. "SHERIDAN, since he was 'elected to repre-
sent the Borough in L 76,, fully-. entitled him to
the cordial esteem,. and the entire confidence of the
Ele6tors. -A handsome dinner was afterwards provid-
ed at the Swan Inn, and•Mr,7Shtridati, on his health
being drank, addressed the Company, pressing Electorsup
on the Eleors present the necessity of examining
the principles; and 'narrowly 'watching the cinndud
of their Representatives, and after the Company
separated, immediately proceeded on his way to
London. '

We have extraaed the following observations, in
which we most heartily concur, from a Paper of
this morning :—speaking. of the houses opposite
Newgate Yesterday, it says:---The windows were
filled with speaatbrs ; amongst .• whom we were
sorry to obs4ve a number of females, whose ap-
pearance indicated a respeaablerankin society. At
such a scene; the nerves of the firmest .Man receive
a .shock; how women can so far perinit their curi-
osity to ttiumph over their delicacy---:bow they can'
put aside the fears natural to their., sex—and, torget-
ting that modest reserve which renders loveliness
still more lovely, thrust themselves unblushingly
forward to witness the last convulsive, agonies of a
fellow-creature, we know not ; but this we know,
that woman never looks so unatniable as when thus
occupied.

The VICE CHAMBEKLAIN, it seems., prohibited the
performance of the farce, at the Havinarket, called
Killing no Murder, and it is therefore to be repre-
sented under the title of Buskin and Belvi. •

Miss SMITH is gill pertOrming at Edinburgh;
where—her talenti are much 'admired, and her en-
&igempat likely tale prolonged. •

BELLiNGLifillt, THE ASSzigS/N,

. . . . ,
The' following additional particulars of the beha-
viour of this extraordioary character since hii con-
viaion haVe. beta furnished cis by an eye-wit-

tiess •--

On 'Sunday ni'ght; about eleven o'clock, Mr.
Newman went into the cell with Mr. Buttery/oral,
the respeBable
.bool;seller of Fleet-street, whom he
was very glad to see. On this Occasion he !request-
,

ed of Mr. Newman to let him have pen, ink, and
papeti, Which Mr. N. promised to bring him when
he relurned for Mr.Butterwot t I), in an hour. Du-
ring the time he'spent with Mr. Butterwolth, he
entered on religious conversation, and 1 pointed out
two or three plaCes iii Scripture, -which he ar-
gued on, with great zeal. fie said, ,in few hours
more,- he should be in a better country than
for it was a miserable place. Mr. Butterworth
then aske&hiM to answer one question; be said,
" ten you any thing you wish to know." " Then,
did you or did you not, have some other person or
, •persons concerned with -you in the murder of Mr.
Perceval ; I do most .solemnly declare
there is not." " Pr-Ay, Sir, in what manner did you
procure these pistols " I bought them on Lud-
gate-hill, at Mr. Beckwitli's. Mr. Butttaworth
thanked Mtn, for this information, and went to
prayers. Mr. Bellingham thanked him for,.his good-
ness, and said, " I am going to write a letter to my
dear wife." Mr. Newman came• to the cell for
his friend, Mr. BOtterworth, and they parted.
He theta asked for a -crust of bread, and laid down
and slept.about.an hour ; put his hand in his poc-
ket and. gave, the last shilling, to Mr. Walker ; said
he wished it was a guinea for his kind a:tention :
he then lay down and continued dosing till a guar-
terlefore six yesterday morning., .When he was
let out of the ct:lls into ,the 'press-yard, he requested
to have his boots on, and Wash himself, he then
continued walking', aud'appeared perfei:ily resigned.
tip his fate. - = -

He also on SundaY night. wrote a letter to his
wife, of which the follownig is a literal copy.
My Blesied rejoiceih me beyond
measure to heat vou are likely to be well provided
for: lam sum the Public at large will participate
in; and mitigate youi- sorrows.; I assure you, my
love, my sincerest endeivours have ever been di-
reled to your welfare. As we shall not inert any
pore in this world, I sincerely hope we shall do so
in the world to-come.

" My blessing to the boys, with kind remem-
brance to Miss Stevens, for whom I have the greatest
regard, in conseqUence of her uniform afreciinns,for
them.-With the purest of intentions it basal ways been
my •misfortune to be thwarted; misrepresented, and
ill-used in life ; but, however, we feel a happy pro-
sped of compensation, in a speedy translation'to life
eternal. It's not possible to, be more calm'or placid
than I feel, and nine hours more will waft me to
those happy shores where bliss is without alloy.
Yours everaffeaionate,
"JOHN BELLINGHAM."
"Sunday night, it•o'clock.

" Dr. Ford will forward you my watch, prayer-
book, with a guinea and notes.—Once more, God
be with you, my sweet Mary. , The public sympa-
thise much for me, but 1 have been called upon to
phq an anxious card in lice."
Nothing, perhaps, 'can mark more .strongly the
frithtful distortion of the, man's mind than ihe fol-
lowing note written on Sunday night ai t 2 o'clock,
and which we have in his own hand writing :

Twelve o'Clock.

" I last my suit solely through the improper can-
dua of my Attorney and Counsel, Mr. Alley, in
not bringing my witnes,es.forward (of which there.
was more than 00)'; in consequence,' the Judge took
advantage of the circumstance, and I went of Eori-j
the defence, without having brought forward a single
friend—otlierwiSe I must evidently have been ac-
quitted. ",.

" J. BELLINGHAM."

'LIBERALITY AND BENEVOLENCE OF MR. PERCE•
V A L.--We bae been favoured with the following
instances of independent kibera;ity on the part of
1141-:'PuttCevAt, frOM a. quatter on which we can
titbit confidently rely.::--4t will be 'recolleaed by
many, that some years -ago,. a poor Clergyman', of
the natne of l'ArtsLove, died in the very aLiol preach-
ing a- charity sermon in Welbeck Chapel. This
seemingly unfortunate man left a widow, arid eleven
children behind-. him to bewail his loss. :The Elston'
of .CLIICHESTER, t6i whOrp Mr. PARSLOW was weil
known, immediately commenced a private subscrip--
tion for his tiv-nily. The
,result was; the payment
of the deceaPd's.debts; amounting to 'upwards of
~30.01,.and the placing in the hands,of trilstees,, for.
the bent fit of the widow and children, 60001. stock;
but 'this was not all, most of the children were also
placed in More or less advantage.6ns situations : one.
being equipped as a I.yriter, arrd sent to.lndid ; ano-
ther to the Cluirter-lionse ; andanother, a lad ot,
. was placed as a clerk in.the-Navy Office: It is not
two months. since the, late. Mi. PERCEVAL gave 10,
:this last the appointment of Naval.otficer of 'Bar7
tadoes, the emoluments of which are eatirnated at
nearly 20001. per annum. --Stitne years .ago Mr.
FEtnCEVAt.. named the •sop of anoi her. Clergyman' to
an office, the late salary of which
,amounted to 6001.
per arimitn ; and this, merely friam .being assured,
-by person. upon whose word he could rely.sthat I,e
was
a young man of strict in:egrity and ptinciple,:l
and every way qUalified tor the siwation... Upon
both these OeCaS OHS Mr. Paaccv4r.. received the.
strongest solicitations tram persons high itt otfice to-
grant the places to the dependants.. Such waS the
man that the
,Inunster,Beilinetarn,,---thS self-re-,
dresser of itnaginiii)i wrongs,.:--thought.fit most de-',
liberately,- and no less inhumanly., to.a.ssaisinate.
The late Sir FRANK STANDISH had Tong been one
of the chief props of the sportive 'and' f.ishioriabl4
world, and bad passed through a long life in a state
of ease and respeCtability. He was esteemed for
the cheerfulness of his temper, his unaffected man-
ners,, his' knowledge of life, and plain good sense.
CAMBRIDGE, MAY .15.—W. Frere, Serjeant at
Law, and one of the l ellows named in the Charter of Down-
ing Coll.ege, was on Friday last cletied Master of that SJ- •
ciety, in the room of the late Francis Annesley, I.L. D.—'
iev. Charles Rose, M. A. of Lincoln College, Oxford., was
un the same day elated a Member of that Society.—Rev,
Charles i.e Las, M. A.- Fellow of Trinity College, has-been .1
presebted, by-the Master and Fellow's of that Society, ro the 1
Vicarage 01 Darfield, in the county of York, vacated by th.".
promotion of the Rey. Pugh...--" Rey. S. George Rtnn
A. of Trinity Colle4e, has been instituted to the It ,'cto
at Kulgalote,'Devon, orb the presentation of S. Ram,
