NEGRO EMANCIPATION.

AT a MEETING of the FREEHOLDERS
and other Inhabitants of the County of ESSEX, held at the
Town-hall, Chelmsford, on Tnunsosir, 17th May instant,
The High Sheriff, W. COTTON, Esq., in the Chair,
The following resolutions were unanimously adopted :

Moved by the Rev. HENRY BULL; seconded by J. H. Parrisolr, Esq.
" That this Meeting feels called upon to express its deep sorrow at
the defeat of Sir George Stricklands's motion for the entire emancipa-
tion of the Negro population on the lst of August next ; and considers
the nation bound to persevere in its efforts for the immediate extinction
of its present cruel system of Apprenticeship in our Colonies—the more
so as it cannot contemplate without the most serious apprehensions, the
approaching period when a numerous class, who have looked for the en-
joyment of freedom, will find themselves deprived of it, in consequence
offraudulent registration; and when the vast majority of the Negroes who
are registered as prxdials, contrasting their situation with that of their
more fortunate brethren, may be unable any longer patiently to endure
their aggravated wrongs."

Moved by Mr. BRANFILL ; seconded by E. BRRW6TER, Esq.
" That this country having had abundant proof that no remedy for the
evils of slavery will ever be impartially and faithfully applied by persons
who consider themselves benefited by its continuance, and who aro
incapable from the habits of society, and from the general tone of public
feeling in the Colonies, of properly estimating the peculiar miseries of a
state of bondage,—this meeting deeply regrets that by the Bill recently
passed for the amendment of the Act of 1833, the Government has
again confided the honour of the nation and the interests of the • slave
to the hands of the colonists."

Moved by W. G. GIBsoN, Esq., Saf''on Walden; seconded by GEORGE

TnoMP3oN, Edinburgh.

That this Meeting, firmly persuaded that the immediate, entire, and
unqualified Abolition of the Apprenticeship system is the only safe and
certain cure for the evils acknowledged to exist (and that such a mea-
sure would not only be compatible with the interest of the Planters,
but is necessary for their true and permanent prosperity), rejoices to
learn that Sir Eardley Wilmot has pledged himself to introduce a
motion into the House of Commons, having that object in view, on the
23d Instant"

AT a MEETING of the COMMITTEE of the
LIVERPOOL ANTI- SLAVERY SOCIETY, held on
TUESDAY, the 15th day of May, 1838,
It was unanimously resolved;—

" That this Committee have learned with feelings of the deepest
concern and regret, that the Right honourable Lord Charles Fitz-
roy, whose conduct in voting in favour of Sir George Strickland's
motion, entitles him to the respect of every friend of humanity, should
have been made a victim to his principles, by being removed from the
office of Vice-Chamberlain to her Majesty; particularly as the adherents
of Ministers have been allowed to differ from them far more widely on
many political questions, without being visited with dismissal from office,
or the loEs of Ministerial suppoit."

EDWARD CROPPER, Chairman.

THE AUSTRALASIAN LOAN
COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given, that Applications for Shares in this Com-
pany will not be received after the 21st instant.
By order of the Provincial Committee,
FREDERIC BOUCHER, Manager.
29, Token House-yard, London, May 16,1838.

14INGLISH AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.
14J CONVENIENT ROOMS for the use of this SOCIETY
have been engaged at No. 5, CAVENDISH-SQUARE, where
the Committee meets every WEDNESDAY, at Twelve o'Clock.
Subscriptions to the Society may be paid into the hands of all
Country Bankers, who are requested to receive and forward them
to Messrs. Drummond and Co., the Society's Bankers.
All communications should be addressed, post-paid, to the Se-
cretary, who attends daily at No. 5, Cavendish-square, from
Twelve to Three o'Clock.

STEAM from LONDON to YARMOUTH
and NORWICH, front alongside St. Katherine Steam
Wharf.

The Splendid and Elegant New Steamer CIRCASSIAN, 400
tons, 150 horse power, leaves the above Wharf every SATU RDAY
EVENING, at Ten o'clock, and returns from Yarmouth every
Wednesday.

Saloon, 123.—Fore Cabin, 6s.
Passengers will find this an expeditious and desirable conveyance.
The trip is estimated at thirteen hours.
Shippers will experience great advantages by having their Goods
conYoyed with the greatest certainty, at the same rate, as by
sailing craft.
Hammond and Cherry, Yarmouth; W. Bell, Norwich; St.
Katherine Steam Wharf; or the Depot, 41, Fish-street hill,
London.

CHELTENHAM.
LAMB INN AND COMMERCIAL HOTEL.
TO COMMERCIAL GENTLEMEN AND OTHERS.

RICHARD HULBERT, Proprietor of the
above Establishment, begs most respectfully to inform the
Commercial World, and his supporters generally, that he has ea.
larged his Premises to double their former extent, and presumes
that the comfort and accommodation, which he shall in future be
enabled to afford his guests, will be such as cannot be surpassed by
any other house in the Kingdom.
Spacious, lofty, and well ventilated bed-rooms, large aid elm-
manding sitting and dining-rooms. Good Stabling, with Lock-up
Coach-houses.
Wines of the first Vintage, and Spirits of the greatest purity.
The most polite attention will on all occasions be shown, and the
former Moderate Prices rigidly adhered to.
