SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

HAMPTON RACES ON MOLESEY HURST.
WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 3.

A Handicap Plate of 501. for all ages. Heats. Two miles

and a half:

Mr. Northey's Nutshell, by Gamenut - - 2 t 1
Mr. Lushingtou's b. f. by Sorcerer - - 1 2 2
Mr. Forth's b. c. Waterloo • - - - - 3 dr
Mr. Brown's Marksman - - - 4 dr
Mr. Farral's Bobtail - - - 5 dr
Mr. Wetherill's hr. f. by Dick Andrews - -t; dr
Mr. Matthew's Master Robert - -•-• - 7 dr

7 to 4 agst. Marksnian-2 to I agst. Mr. Lusliington —7 to
2 agst. Waterloo—q to I agst. Master Robert.—The first heat
was won easy.—After the heat, Gto 4 to the winner of the.
heat—after the second heat, I I to 8 on Marksinan.—The se-
cond heat was a fine heat; the last was woo easy.

The Town Plate of -501. did not fill.
Mr.Thos. Lawrence's poney beat Mr. Ibbetson's. A match
won easy.-5 to I on the winner.
The 'ports ended with a foot race of 200. yai-ds. A Staines
man beat a Hampton-Court roan.
. Hamlet and Busto were decidedly the best horses .at Hamp-
ton, and they were both in for the Plate. A waccommodation
took place between the owners of the two horses, and it was
arranged that Hamlet should. not start. liusto could have
heat all tine horses that run to-day, hut, 'strange to tell, he
was found latne in the stable in tiro morning, and could -not
start.

The Course was more fnily Attended than ever was seen at
Moissey Horst. TI!: Duke orClarence, Prince Coburg, the
Duchess of York, and all the surrounding Nubility and Gentry
from the adjacent country, were present.

CRICKET.—A grand Cricket Match was played
at Broxhourne-bridge on. Saturday, between the
,Broxbourne anti Highbury Clubs, and decided in
favour of Broxbourne.
_ IIROXBOUR:iE

Ist Inns
id ditto

mcany IL Y.

88 I Ist Inns
60 2tl ditto 56

I
Broxbourne

un by 2 runs,

ROWING MATCH FOR Iwo MILES IN TWENTY DAYS.

Yesterday morning,-at fire o'clock, Gyt►gel, the
waterman, cormnenced his most extraordinary
task of rowing one thousand miles in twehty suc-
cessive days. Having started off the King's Arms,
•Miliwall, Poplar, in the presence of sevtral Gen-
tlemen, he rowed till nine o'clock, in and out, and
when he went to breakfast, he 'hail performed 18
miles ; he remained but a quarter of all hour, and
commenced again, and at one o'clock, when he
went to ditthei., he had rowed thirty miles ; he
then rested about forty minutes, and resumed kis
task, and at five o'clock lie had rowed forty-thret-
miles, and interrdcd to make up the fifty before:
Le stopped.

POPERY'.

'the Roman Cathollcs o Irehnd and
hay.ing determined to petition Pauli:ol(.la next

Session for admission to the higher ollie:s of the
State, and a participation iri Legislative Powcr,
we intend during the Recess more particularly to
call public attention to this.vitai subject of Tla-
( ionai security, and if opportunity w ill permit, to
tcptiot those Speeches in Parliament which appear
to he -the result of 0 gull consideration of the
danger to which we may be exposed by any farther
indulgence to I'upery. The Protestant Commit-
oily- will be strongly ariected, and Protestant
AseenducY ennangered,by any extension of po-
litical power to the Papists. Religion is out of
the question, for the Papists have in that respect
all the toleration that they can possibly desire,
except in the Siipremacy of their Church over
the British Empire. Political power must,
therefore; be their only aim, under ..-.batever

specious artifices it may be disguised. In plarsu
ance of the plan which we have now stated, we
shall begin with the Speech of Wm. EnwAnt)
TOMLINE, EST on the CATHOLIC QUESTION, 11l
1813, and when it i, recollected that this dettie-
Wall Is the Son of the LORD BISHOP of LINCOLN,
who was Tutor of the Illustrious Statesman; upon
whose principles and under whose imtuedate au-
spices our Paper seas fdtinded, principles whiclx
we shall always be anxious to maintain and per-
petuate, we are persuaded that it will he read with
that attention to which, from its intrinsic merits,
and the important object in view, it is fully entitled.
We look to Protestants, of all denominations, for
encouragement and support in our determinatiair
to be indefatigable in our endeavours to nplioh:
our political Constitution, and we call confidently
say, that we are promised assistance from many
distinguished Members of our Ecclesiastical Esta-
blishment.

" Mr. SPEAKER,—Sir, I rise, with great diffi-
dence, on the present occasion, conscious of my
inability to offer any thing, which may haae the
recommendation of novelty, upon a subject so
repeatedly discussed by Fiasco's the most distin-
guished for taleuts, for knowledge, and for poli-
tical experience :---but, forcibly impressed witla
the variety of considerations it involves, and the
importance of the interests it affects, being no
less than the tights and .privileges we enjoy as
Protestants, 1 cannot consistently with the con-
scientious discharge of duty which, as a member
of this House, I feel myself called upon to per-
form, be content with giving mer:iy a silent
vote upon ,a question so incalculably momentous.
It is my wish to avoid every expression, to
abstain from every argument, which can tend to
increase jealousies, and inflame animosities, al-
ready tar too prevalent and too bitter ; sensible
that the House will best command the respect, aria
insure the confidence, of the nation, by a discus-
sion, perhaps the must important which could be
agitated within its walls, conducted without ran-
cour or asperity, of clainis urged, on the one
hand, with zeal, but without violence, and re-
sisted, on the other, with firmness, With uncom-
promising firmness, but without hostility.
" Before I proceed in the consideration of the
main questioo, 1 am anxious tra advert to an ar-
gument, frequently adduced in its support—viz.
that, amongst other great authorities quoted as
favourable to the measure, an appeal had been al-
ways made to the opinions of Mr. Pitt. lam
particularly anxious to state those reasons which
induced me to draw, in some degree, at least, a
different conclusion from that which is usually'
drawn, and to diminish very considerably time
force of an appeal to the principles of one, node:
whose sanction so- many of his strenuous oppo-
nents, while living, are now glad to shelter their
opinions, and to whom so many of his zealous
adherents profess that they are willing to submit
their own judgment. I wish not, Sir, to enter
into any detail of what' passed at the end of the
year 1800, or
.the beginniag of the year 1801,
when the most able and most virtuous Minister
who ever presided over the councils 'of this or of
any other country, was induced to resign, because
he had not permission from a certain (ratter, to
propose any measure, the object of which should
be to enable Roman Catholics to hold anroffice
or situation of trust or power : but, Sir, I may.
hope, be allowed to say, that it was then gene-
rally known, that this resignation took place be-
fore filIV specific measure was actually proposed—
, the end ,was, upon prtnciple, objected to, and
therefore it could answer no purpose to examine
into the means. It is also certain, that oo ex-
planation tint_ statement of What was really in-
tended was ever made in this House; although,
the great man to whom I allude lived five years
after his resignation, and the subject was fre-
quently discussed in Parliament. But if there
were no public avowal of his precise intentions,
did he ever communicate any plan to his colleagues
in offices The Noble and Learned Lord who
now holds the Great Seal, and who is known to
have stood very high in Mr. Pitt's esteem and
confidence, has declared that lie nerer heard any
particulars of such a plan front Mr. Pitt ; and, if
I be not mistaken, he went so far as to say, that
lie did not believe that Mr. Pitt had formed any
plan—and if, to this positive declaration, we ad,t
the silence of his other colleagues in office, we
seem warranted in asserting that, in reality, Mr.
Pitt had no plan. We all know that, upon every
future ocea,,ion, he discouraged and opposed the
discussion of the Popish claims, and that he after-
wards took office, with an express understandiog
that be was not to bring thy toestion before Par.-
!lament.

" 11, then, it he recollected that tbe'difficulty
about the Popish question arose suddenly:Amd un-
expectedly at the end of the year 1800, when Mr.
Pitt had certainly not so far considered Ow sub-
ject as to form a definite plan ; and if, with this
circtunstattee,•%,xe couple subsequent Nets. would
it in too much to Wier, that there is a prOvbilit y

brat Air. Pitt, after more mature contiltleration,
oud perhaps 'A ftur a more full and niore correct in-
formation relative to the stale of Ireland, might,
in sortie degree at lea.t, change his opiniuti re-
specting the 'importance or the pritelicabili:y of
ti.at measure, which lie once hail in ennienipla-

t By practicabilit7, I ir.wi its consistency I
with the safety of our established church ; a
stoutlard to which :\ir. Pitt illValiably referred.—
But, %vita' ever 'tr g)! he thought of this inference,
it seems undeniable that a substitute for ihe pre-
suutt test way a matter of great difficulty, even to
i\lr. Pitt ; and no one will presume to assert, that
he ever hid in contemplatiou the unconditional
aNd witptalitivd repeal of all disabEn4 statutes.
His comprehensive genius, his almost intuitive
quickness in removing obstacles, and in devising
(,Erns, upon every subject to which human intel-
lect is .competent, are
%ye.. known and it cannot
be denied, that the proposal of a plan, effectual
to the pin pose in question, and free from all
danger and objection, would have been bight!), to
his honour, HS well as ti complete justification of
Iris conduct. But he never did propose such a
plan—and, after the time to which I allude, he
never declared that he believer) such a plitt to be
practicable. And who will hope to succeed where
Mr. Pitt failed? Who will enforce the necessity
of perseverance in a measure which Mr. Pitt abau-
tinned ? Who will say that that measure is indis-
pensable, whiCh Mr. Pitt consented not only not
to bring forward, when placed in the responsible
Sitt{:l6oll pt. first Minister of this country, but, if
brought fOrwald trout any other quarter, to resist
and oppose
Reflection seems to have convinced Mr. Pitt
that he hail attached more importance to the mea-
sure than it really deserved ; for he almost in-
stantly declared that he would never bring for-
ward. nor support, the measure, during the pre-
sent reign. Did this look as if he considered it
as of vital importance ? Or., if he had considered
it of vital importance, and had been .couscious of
possessing a plan safe and practicable, would he
not, when he found his health declining, have left
it .in .writing, to be hereafter adopted ? When
Circumstances would permit, would he not have
communicated it to some confidential friend t I
will venture to affirtu that no such writing was
tel such communication was made.
" It is by no means a matter of surprise, that
Gentlemen who favour the Popish claims should

wish to avail themselves of Mr. Pat's great name ;
and nq anxiety that more weight may not be
given to his authority than circumstances will
really justify, must be toy apology for having en-
tered into these particulars. 'late advocates for
the unconditional repeal of the disabling statutes
cannot appeal to Mr. Pitt, as of this he had no
idea-7.nor can it be said that any one specific plan
of substitution, which may be proposed, would
have had his approbation. The utmost which can
be said is, that Mr. Pitt had once a general Pea
that a plan might be devised for admitting R►►man
Cati+olics to office, and. situations of trust and
power, without endangering the Constitution;
but there is no ground for asserting that he retain.
ed this opinion till his death : and there is a moral
certainty that he never did form such a plan, and
that he never would have consented to the removal
of these statutes, without substituting others
which, in his opinion, would afford equal security
for the presetvation of our civil and religious li-

" Sir, I am aware that any argument, deduced
from Authority, however high, is not the argu-
ment which can or ought to determine the ju.ig-
Theist of this House. It is to the expediency or
inexpediency, to the danger or security of any. mea-
sure, this House ought to direct its deliberative
wisdom. -Before I proceed to examitie the nature
-and effect of these claims,: it is natural I should
wish to call the attention of the ['fme to the pre-
sent situation 01 the Roman Catholics of IrelaNd ;
in order: to ascertain whether there be any, just
foundation for those arguments, deduced trout

tin alleged state of bondage and oppression, anti
fur those appeals to our justice awl humanity,
by which so many attempts have been made to
influence our judgment. I am aware how diffi-
cult .it miistbe to counteract those feelings which
the eloquence just exerted in their behalf cannot
fail.,tak have excised in every breast ; feelitigs
which, were I not convinced that the picture
which has been drawn exists only in imagination, I
trust I should ever cherish with delight, and avow
with eagerness.
" Were we to listen with impartial reli-
ance upon the representations of the Right
Honourable Gentleman, we should be led to
believe that the Roman Catholics of Ireland
were, by us, condemned to drag on a miserable
existence, expelled, as it were, from the bosom of
their native country, struggling with all the in-
ventions of tyranny, and contending against all
the machinations of persecution ; neither secured
in their property from plunder, nor in their persons
protected from outrage ; but borne down with af-
flictions which they cannot alleviate, and over-
whelmed with sorrows which they cannot avert ;
in poverty, amidst surrounding affluence, which
they cannot enjoy ; in slavery, amidst universal
freedom, from which they are excluded ; in misery,
amidst pre-eminent blessings, in which they are
(loomed not to participate.
q Such is the portrait exhibited for our com-
miseration, and such the condition we are called
upon to ameliorate. But can any one, unin-
fluenced by prejudice, can any one, uninfiamed by
passion, for an instant, contend that the represen-
tat.ion is just ? On the contrary, are they not go-
verned by the same impartial laws, associated in
the saute intetests, and members of the same com-
munity with their Protestant fellow-subjects ? Is
Rot every encouragement afforded to their indus-
try, every regard paid to their•welfare, and every
el:.crtion made for their happiness, equally with
ourselves ? Are they not in the undisturbed pos-
se,ssion of their religion ? Is not their hierarchy
protected, and are they not, by law, secured in the
Complete observance and unmolested celebration
of all their sacred rites ? Is there not a College
founded and maintained at the public expense, for
the sole anti exclusive purpose of educating their
yomh,.aecording to their own principles; and in-
stillim; into' their minds their own doctrines and
t4nets l-Lave they tint even their share of poli-
treolitiflu.eiire ~.hv.the unqualified admission to the
eite:i.,e franchise ? Iu short, though, for reasons

which we shall come to presently, the higher ranks
are precluded front attaining some of the most ex-
alted stations of power and of trust, can it be sail
that the body of the Roman Cathol:es are not its
the perfect enjoyment of all the accumulated
blessings of our in.:Anil:tie Constitution i•
" Without entering the necessity of a
Church Establishment ; without arguing the duty,
incornhent upon i-very Governm;:nt, to provide
for its seem ; because I believe they are truths
which few, it ahy, :itemisers of this House will be
disposed to deny, and without 110 W considering
n het her the d salinities which exist are more or
less than arc essential for that pstrpiise, I will.
assert, as an incontrovertible position, that no
laws, enacted for the preservation of the national
religion, can be oppressive, no conditions, an-
nexed to the profession of a different religion, can
he unjust, either in a moral or ill a political point
of view, provided they neither affect the freedom
of the suliject, nor diminish the security of his
property ; provided they exclude him front none
of the comforts of social life, and impose no re-
straint, upon the liberty of conscience. it has
been frequently said, and cannot he too often re-
peated, that all offices are created, not for the be-
nefit of individuals, but for the advantage of the
: and if the majority of those whose 10-tppl-
IIeSS is the object to be promoted, and whose- sen-
timents and principles are to direct all the civil
and political yegulations, shall determine that, for
certain situatious artificially crest • (I, certain qua •
lifications shall be is, cessary, those who shall he
disqualified can have no reasonable cause to chin
plain of hardship, nor of any real grievance hey
may indeed, with justice, look for puttee, ik,ts, hot
they ought not to expect eonfidenee, !icing defi-
cient its the very foundation of coati
tachment to those provisions which would tie en-
trusted to their care.
" If, then, the Roman Catholics cannot claim
these concessions as a right, is it expinietit, as an
abstract question of policy, that they snoop! !ae
conceded? Here a field of aiscossiou open., to our
view, as houndlessin 1(5 extent, as it .s
in its nature ; a labyrkth, tlirtiuvh %%11,6, rte may
travel in safety, if we will hearken to ..xperience
as our guide, but in whose intricate mazes ae may
continue for ever to ,%.4wier, if we stiffer Our-
selves to be beguiled by speculations, however
plausible, or theories, however ingenious.
"I would nor have trespassed, even for a mo-
ment, upon the time and patience of the Honse,
by detailing those facts which so loudly and so
unequivocally proclaim the spirit inculcated by the
Roman Catholic religion, had it riot beets for the
forcible and eloquent panegyric 1 hare this even-
ing heard, ann heard with astonishment-, pro-
nounced upon that religion. I ant far from wish-
ing to sound an alarm unnecessarily, but I cannot,
when I hear the voice of history speak one uni-
form, consistent language, be deaf to her warn-
ings; I cannot misunderstand her admonitions.---
1 intreat those who advocate the cause of the
Roman Catholics, to compare the persecuting
spirit of their religion with the benignant spirit of
ours; their principles favourable to despotism,
with ou-s encouraaing liberty ; their arrogant in-
fallibility with our acknowledgment of the erro-
neousness of human judgment ; their ingoisition
with our trial by jury ; their rod of iron %snit our
sceptre of olive ; anti then say whether, 'upon the
terms they propose, union eau long exist, or har-
mony can long prevail. Recourse can no more
be had to the excuse whiCli was urged a It w. ears
since, that any change has taken place in the na-
ture of their principles ; tor, independently of the
absurdity of supposing that infallible doctrine-8 sire
liable to alteration, we have now the most posi-
tive and distinct assmancei of their own writers,
that their principles are unchanged and unchange-
able, and therefore applicable to all times and to
all circumstances.
" I have said, if the proposals of the Roman
Catholics arc granted, hat mony and concord can-
not long prevail ; but will they obtain even a 'tem-
porary existence ? Will the Roman Catholic gain
in content, what we lose in security ? Will even
a momentary cordial conciliation be effected ? a
conciliation not confined to the narrow circle of
those who will he immediately benefited, but which
shall be generally and universally diffused through
the people ? -a conciliation which shall soften na-
tional preja,liceS, shall temper misguided zeal,
shall still the clamours of disaffection, and shall
beget confidence and friendship in the room of
jealousy and mistrust ? These concessions, it is
true, may add power to the powetful, may in
crease the wealth of the wealthy, and gratify the
ambition of the ambitious ; but will their effects
be felt by those who are struggling with poverty,
perhaps groaning under oppression, arising from
a totally different cause Irons that of which. they
are taught to complain ? Tue mansions of those
interested few' who have derived advantages from
the successful result of their perseverance may,
for a time, resound with the celebration of their
victory ; but will the feelings of gratitude per-
vade the humble dwellings of the .poor.•
I
mean not, Sir, • to assert that there are 510
persons who would be contented with the con-
cessions in question, but • I contend that the
number of tliose who feel any strong interest noon
this subject, unconnected with any ulterior object,
is exceeditig!y small. On the other hand, what
is the number of those for whom danger is•to be
apprehended ? it is no less than the whole Pro-
testant population of the United Etlipire•! • • And
what is the advantage proposed for the public 1—
It is, that the public may have the chance of being
benefited by the service .of persons, in a few si-
tuations, from which they are at present excluded !
•And what is the danger to be apprehended for
the public ? nothing less than the destruction
of our civil and ecclesiastical constitution ! And
would it be right to expose so many to danger,
for the sake of gratifying so few ?'would :it be
wise to risk so much for the chance of gaining so
little ? Has this or the other Protestant House
of Parliament been found incompetent to the dis-,
charge of its important duties ? Have there been
wanting Protestants of skill and courage to coth-
mand our army or our navy? Have there been.
wanting. Protestants of learning and. integrity to
preside in our courts of justice and equity Have
there been wanting Protestants of sound -consti-
tutional principles and distinguished political
knowledge to fill the great offices of stats-?"_.
[To he eontinued.l -

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

QUEEN-SQUARE.

E TABLES Tu R N ED.—A curious examination
rook place at this Office, arising out ot the'fol-
lowing extraordinary circumstances :
James Moore, 'of North-end, Walham-green,
plaisterer, having a few days ago had a dispute
with two men of the same pl.ice, named John
Brice'and John Boulton,- words ran to such ti
height that at last they came to blows, and to use
their own phraseology, the upshot was, that
Moore gave them hoar a good hiding. The two
beaten heroes accordingly obtained an assault-
wartant each against tl►eir conqueror, and he
was taken into custody- by race, the officer, oil
one, and by Smithers, an extra co►►stable, on the
other. When brought to the Office the assault
vas completely proved upon him, and when asked
what he had to sav in defence, defendant boldly
answered, tl►at :t was no disgrace to give a man a
hiding, hut he defied any one to say he was a
thief. Now he knew both these as well
a, son►c whets ot their parish, to be thieves, and
one of the plaintiffs, John Bolton, was the com-
mon receiver. and bought every thing which all
the rest boned—for they were all known to be

boners
B, int!, asked ‘t hat it ‘vas he knew Bolton had
teceked, lie said the truth should come out, 811(1
he •A as determined to give them a " flatland tor
their Olivt.s," and posisttely charK.ii thew with
robtsiitg the gorleit of Mr 3pplis, a Gentleman re-
s at WAlican, gri•vo. of seretal bushels of
valo4lde arp'es, called French pippins, for the
iliscoveiv of whirls toldwly a iewaid of six gui-
neas vtas he next dad cried about \Valliant-green
and the vi hide parish of rulhahi, by the Beadle

titero
Moore being then sworn, stated, that about
this time "twJvemon!h, as he was going home
froon the Crown puhlic-hoise; in passing by Mr.
Jerh's garnen„-be.heald the ,shaking of the tree;
he trot on-the wall, and saw the plaintiff anti John
Brice, in company with. Thomai Bury and Win.
13,:niton, both of the same parish, shaking apples
from Inc said tree, to the amount of several

busltel3,as be thought. They put them into a
sack, and took them to the cottage of a man named
Lame Jock, who is since deal ; they were met
there by the plaintiff, John Boulton, who pur-
chased the whole lot for 2FI. per dozen.
-Being asked how he knew this, he answered,
that be gbt a short laddcr, and looked over the
top of the window shutter, where he could she
and hear all that passed, without being seen by
them. The above suns was the price fixed by
plaintiff, Brice, and agreed to, and paid afterwards
by plaintiff, John Bonbon.
The mode of ascertaining the amount, he said,
was as follows they came to a dozen,
they put the 12 apples apart by themselves, and
continued to proceed till the *hole were counted ;
and'when this was finished, there were left on the
table 145 aPpleS, which sheaved the number of
dozen's. He saw also on the table a one pound
note, and several shillings in silver, which plain-
tiff, John Bonbon, paid to plaintiff, John Brice,
and which .witness supposed was the price of" the
whole;
,The•apples on that tree were well known
in the neighbourhood to have a very superior fla-
vour, ,and were, he believed, worth a great deal

more.
Some of the partits not being in enstody, the
prisoners were remanded for turther examination.
The Magistrate desired flu-A proper not ice
should be given to Mr. Jephs, of the prisoners
being in Tothill-fields Bridewell, and it is supposed
this nuexpt vet' discovery may he the means of
leading to others, •which may tend to relieve the
apprehensions of those living in that unfortunate
ueiglihourhood, iu %i hick it appears, by r,peated
exaMinations at this Office, more. depredations
in the articles of fruit and valuable plants have
taken place within the list " six months, than al-
most all the other quarters •round Loudon put to.
gether. •
