THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 185,6.

continuing them, and they must, both for our internal
peace and external security, be abolished. Then arises
the consideration for practical men how the inevitable
mischief can be made as little as possible, and that it
will now be our duty to develope.
Let it first be noticed that the Corn-laws cannot be
repealed, even if the Legislature were so dis-
posed for some months ; that consequently the repeal
would have no effect in promoting cultivation abroad
this year. All the markets of the world have been
lately ransacked to supply us, and it is supposed that
no art and no price could bring a much greater
quantity of corn to this country than it now possesses
before the close of the next harvest, and that then,
unless the season were particularly fruitful, we should
get no abundance. By the repeal now, therefore,
there could be no very sudden and great fall caused in
the price of wheat, and now to carry it into effect would
be to make the general reduction in prices gradual,
and prepare all classes for its arrival. We must now
stop, but we will resume the consideration of this very
important question to-morrow.

The news received yesterday by the overland mail
from India is of the utmost importance. Our Govern-
ment in India has, it appears, become fully sensible of
the hollowness of RUNJEET SINGH'S professions of
friendship, as well as perfectly aware of the dangerous
train laid for it by the treacherous agency of Rus-
sia. The forcible restoration of SHAH SHOOJAH—
a measure in the sound policy of which we do
not concur, unless it be proposed to push our
western frontier forward to the Indus—is likely
to embroil us in a war with the Nepaulese, the Bur-
mese, the Ghoorkhas, and the Affghans, among whom
the most perfect understanding is established, with a
view to a simultaneous, combined action against the
authority of Great,. Britain. It is part of the policy
of Russia to flatter RUNJEET SINGH by affecting to
regard him as another NADIR SCHAH destined
to re-establish the independence of India ; and
to suggest the formation of alliances dangerous
to British Sovereignty as ideas dictated by the he-
roic designs of the " invincible Lion of the Punjaub."
In the case of the SHAH SHOOJAH, we believe,
however, that we have gone too far to recede with
honour; though if he be what Captain BURNES
describes him, " a fool and a coward," we are likely
to pay dear for our attachment to legitimacy. On the
31st of October, an army of ten thousand men, under
the command of Sir HENRY FANE, was to have been
in readiness at Runhaul, to form the nucleus of a
force, to be called the " Army of the ex-King of
Caboul," and which was to be re-inforced by ten
thousand other troops, raised at SHAH SHOOJAH'S
expense, and entirely officered by Englishmen. Of
this combined force Sir HENRY FANE was to have the
entire command, subject to the instruction of marching
directly to Firagepore, on the banks of the Sutledge.
As RUNJEET SINGH had stipulated to unite with the
British authorities in the restoration of the ex-King of
CABOUL, by placing a reinforcement of 30,000 troops
at his disposal, Sir HENRY FANE was instructed to
apply to him for permission to pass through his terri-
tory, and in the event of a refusal, either to force a
passage or to make a circuit of 700 miles to reach Ca-
boul by another route—a march so fullpf dangers, that it
was feared to attempt it would ruin the expedition.
Such was the state of things two months ago ; and it
would now appear, from the purport of the advices
received yesterday, that RUNJEET SINGH'S determi-
nation to dispute the passage of the Punjaub by the
British, should they persist in marching to Caboul
through his territory, is already taken, and
even notified to the proper authorities. The fact
is, that RUNJEET SINGH was never sincere in
his expressions of compassion for the fate of
SHAH SHOOJAH. When an exile at the Court of
Lahore, the ex-King was plundered of his most
valuable diamonds, and would as certainly have lost his
head, had he not been taken under the protection of
our Government. This is one cause for the insin-
cerity of RUNJEET. In the next place, he considers
that the restored Sovereign would: be no better than
the puppet of the British Governor-General, and conse-
quently that he would be placed between two fires ;
whereas, by keeping the question undecided, he secures
the forbearance of KAM-RAM, the reigning Monarch,
and under the plea of an alliance with England, keeps open
his means of sowing disaffection among all the native
Princes who have negotiated the treaties of friendship
with our Government in India. But as the first blow
is half the battle, Lord AUKL AND is exerting himself
with the most praiseworthy vigilance to be prepared for
whatever may happen. Our extracts from the native
journals, inserted in another column, will show that
every exertion is making to increase the army along
the whole line of our suspected frontier.

We are indebted to the Devonport Independent
for a long report—for which we regret that we cannot
find space in our columns—of the proceedings at a
public meeting of the Reformers of that town on
Monday evening, convened for the purpose of voting
a congratulatory address to the Earl of DURHAM.
The meeting, at which the MAYOR presided, was
numerously and respectably attended, and:the address,
conceived in terms highly complimentary to the pub-
lie and private character of the Noble Earl, was car-
ried unanimously. If we may take the public expres-
sion of the opinions of the Radicals of Devonport
as a fair sample of the sentiments entertained generally
by the Radical body of the Canadian policy of Lord
DURHAM, we shall be justified in saying that his
Lordship was never more popular than he is at this
moment.

The condition of the Spanish people both in the
Old and New World forms quite an anomaly in the
history of mankind. About three hundred years ago
IS
tpa isi
owwa s h oe
lnpel
eos fs thea
n dmdoesgt r pa
do
ewde rbf
euyl Sn tda t
whate s in
evenEu rope.
the
states,imagination
bcaor
bu h 0
n sa v eR
nc
sosni civa
areed ,
maand ki n
gw hi le r
api d other
pro-
gress in many of the arts of civilized life, and using
ecre athnedycaornesofolindna(tie,
teivl
ee
irry
pmo ewaenr:s ttoh
op r esspe ravnei
ainternalh
epr
ee
va
and with these examples before their eyes, are making
equally rapid progress in the opposite direction, Pe-
ruvians, Chilians, Mexicans, and every other race of
the Spanish breed, are faithfully imitating the conduct
of the mother country. Possessing some of the
finest parts of the habitable world, with the
richest land, fit for raising every species of
produce, splendid rivers and fine harbours, their
be, not to defend
population is rather on
sgtehneeemrdsseoctrloinesetatbblaisnhthreegiunlcarreagsoe.,
efoctrei
vtaieerdnmmstehelneviterss, ooairiglycaainrorsytbjon trade, but to tear one another in
pieces. A great man said the two parties in Spain, if left
to themselves, would not settle the quarrel in 800 years,
and every feature of the character of the people in both
We have
America,
seldom worlds
at
ne nadrsr
vtaol
from
confirm a thin, e
rs t
far toemm esnot t h
without an account of some horrible domestic mas-
sacre, or some suicidal revolution, all tending to the
same end—the destruction of the vital powers of the
respective States. In fact, there appears to be no hope for
this people but from foreign interference or conquest, and
insidious and wicked as BONAPARTE'S plan was to
make Spain a part of his dominions, we believe there
are few persons in that country with any patriotism
that do not regret his failure. The public in general
now view the transaction in that light, because, after
thirty years' war, and endless attempts to establish

a regular Government, they appear as -far from rege-
neration or their object as at the commencement. The
jealousy of -the other States of Europe, may for some
time allow this unnatural contest to continue ; but in
all probability this useless race in the New World will
be expelled, or driven into a corner by their neigh-
bours. The North Americans have begun the work
in Texas ; and were they to abolish the curse of their
country—slavery, and establish their free institutions as
they advanced, every friend of humanity would wish
them success.

Every real friend of liberty and good order sees
with deep regret the advantages which the misguided
ardour of some, and the wicked machinations of others,
are preparing for the enemies of all Reform. If these
continue to operate, one of two results must certainly
follow—either the Conservative party must come into
power, or the present Government must give up for a
time one of the principles which has distinguished
them from all preceding Administrations. They have
allowed every latitude to all parties in speaking and
writing, whether against their conduct, or the acts of
the Legislature ; and while the proceedings were con-
fined to mere words, they received the approbation of
all who remembered the tyrannical gagging and
imprisoning system of the Sidmouth and Castle-
reagh school ; but between words and deeds there
is a wide difference. When a man finds his
house set on fire, or plundered, and his person
exposed to violence for obeying the law, he becomes a
Conservative by instinct, and unless measures be
taken to insure protection, tens of thousands who now
support the Government would be driven into the
ranks of their opponents. This is precisely what the ene-
mies of Reform desire, and what the pretended friends
of the people are rapid consummating. Even Mr.
FEILDEN, with all his horrors for the Bastile law, and
the " three devils" of Somerset-house, would forget
these when he found his own mill in danger. Nothing
but the most grievous oppression can justify an appeal
to force, because in the first instance it leads to incal-
culable destruction of property and individual suffer-
ing, and in the next the result is at least doubtful, or
in nine cases out of ten leads to a cure worse than the
disease. Mr. O'CONNELL knows this well, and no
feature of this singular man's life is more remarkable
or more deserving the universal praise of the good
than the peaceable system he has adopted for redress-
ing the wrongs of his country. Had he adopted ano-
ther course in 1828, the Emancipation Bill would
pot have passed in his day. The bigotted Hig h
Church party wanted only an excuse for com-
mencing the attack on him and the whole
Catholic population of Ireland. He knew these men
well—he knew the latent prejudices which violence
would excite in England against Popery, and like a
skilful General, he fought only with the arms by
which he knew he could be successful. The
OASTLERS, and STEPHENS, and all that school that
tell the people to trust only to " cold lead and sharp
steel" need not wonder, therefore, that he is averse to
join their ranks. The first shot fired in defence of
the People's Charter would revive the spirit of To-
ryism in this aristocratic country ; and the Ballot, the
Extension of the Suffrage, the Abolition of the Corn-
laws, and other reforms now in progress, would be post-
poned, in all probability, during the lives of the present
generation.

In consequence of the stormy state of the weather
the French mails of Tuesday have not yet arrived.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 26.—0 n Salurday:evening the King trans-
acted business at Lacken, with the Minister of War. Yes-
terday, at two o'clock, the King presided at the Council of Mi-
nisters. General Buzen, and M. Dumortier, Minister of the
Chamber of Representatives, were successively received by
the King:

Though the actual state of affairs appears to be so embar-
rassing, we do despair here of coming, and that soon, to an
amicable settlement of the Belgian question. Louis Philippe
especially is extremely desirous to be able to announce this
event at the opening of the Chambers, in order thereby to
neutralize the unfavourable impression produced by the eva-
cuation of Ancona. At all events, not the slightest appre-
hension is felt here that a war can result from this affair.
On the other; hand, a letter from Paris announces
that King Leopold intends to pay another visit to that capital
before the opening of the Session.
A letter from Brussels to a Dutch Journal contains the same
news.

In the Chamber of Representatives to-day (the 26th) the
Minister of War presented a project of law for granting to his
department an extraordinary credit of 3,544,940 f.
The Chamber then proceeded to the continuation of the
debate on the 2d article of the project of law respecting the
stamp duty. This article concerns the duty on the Journals.
After a long debate, the Minister of Finance moved that the
Chamber should decide in the first instance whether the duty
should be uniform or proportional to the size of the Journal.
The Chamber decided against the uniform duty by a majority
of 49 to 23.
ANTWERP, Nov. 27.—TheBelgesays—" The protocol which
has lately been spoken of was a declaration of the King of
Prussia, who will not consent on any account that Luxem•-
burgh shall remain to Belgium. The King was to set out
this morning for Paris to make Louis Philippe decide formally
either for or against us, before the opening of the Session."
DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, Nov. 9.6.

Money. Bills.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A mort Bv:idle, 4% per cent. 94% 951,E
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 7834 78%
Commercial Company, 4'; per cent 174 17514
Ditto (1f132 and 1833) 5 per cent.
Loan 1836, 4 per cent.
Ditto 1837, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month.— ......
Two months .....
BELGIAN I. UNDS—Bausseto, Nov. 27.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lOl%
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
3 per Cent. 65%
Loan of City, 1839, 4 per Cent 97
Society of Commerce, 4 % per Cent 144
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 143%
National Society .
—Brussels Papers, Nov. 27.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN, Nov. 22.
Bills. Money,
t. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent lO3 102%
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 103% 102%
Exchange on London, three montsis 622
—Prussian State Gazette, Nov. 23.

THE JUDGE ADVOCATE.-It does not seem to
be generally known that Mr. Sergeant Arabin, the
new Judge Advocate, was the Deputy Judge Advo-
cate before, and that his appointment is only tempo •
rary. The name of Mr. Macaulay has been men-
tioned as likely to supply IVIr. R. C. Fergusson's place,
and certainly the Government could not give the ap-
pointment to a more distinguished man.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
HUNGERFORD MARKET.
There were fair supplies to-day at market, and a fair business
done. Fish-Turbot, 7s. to 255. and higher for very large;
Cod 2s. 6d. to 10s. and 12s. ; Soles, 9d. to 3s. per pair ;
Lobsters, Is. to 3s. each. Meat-Beef, 74d. to Bid. ; Mut.
ton, 7d. to Sid. ; Veal, Bd. to 9d. ; Pork, 7 d. to aid. For
the season there was a fair supply of Vegetables, and prices
were much as Covent-Garden.
CITY FISH MARKET.
There were not large supplies to-day, and prices were
higher. Turbot, 7s. to 255. and 30s. ; Cod, 2s. to 10s., 155.,
and 21s. each ; Soles, 9d. to 3s. per pair ; Lobsters, 10d. to
Bs. each ; Whitings, 3d. to 6d. each ; Haddocks, sd. to 10d.
each.
HAYMARKETS.
There was not any great supply to-day at market, of either
Hay, Clover, or Straw. The demand was in proportion.
Hay 80s. to 110 s. and 112 s. Clover 905. to 1265. Straw
325. to 38s. per load.
SPIRIT MARKET.
Proof Leeward Rums are 3s. 2d. to 3s. 3d. and but little
doing. Geneva quiet at 2s. 3d. British Corn Spirits are
still 10s. 2d. Not much passing in Brandy, but prices are
steady.
BALTIC PRODUCE MARKET.
Hemp fully supports its recent advance, with but little
passing. Timber is rather languid, and prices are firm.
Turpentine steady, at 625. for spirits, and 13s. for rough.
The imports are light at the present time.
TALLOW MARKET.
P. Y. C. is 58s. on the spot, and 58s. 3d. to 58s. 6d. for
next year.

COLONIAL MARKET.
We have not a single public sale to-day of Colonial
All the sales advertised for to-day are
last
pr oduce
'Drugs.. British Plantation Sugar sells steadily at fully
quotations. Nothing particular stirring in Tea,
or in any Colonial commodity by private contrAct•
Owing to the news from Calcutta yesterday of a
short crop, holders are asking more money for Indigo, but
cannot get it. For to-morrow we have public sales of 3,000
bags Mauritius Sugar, 300 bags Bengal, 20 casks Jamaica
Coffee, and 1,000 bags Chicory. The imports, owing to a
change of wind, are heavier,

MONEY AND COMMERCT A L NEws.

T ( 211 s DAY/, 7' IV EL VE O' CL CK

Our arrivals this morning are a French Mail due, and an
Ostend Mail—ship letters from Calcutta to the 26th June, and
St. Helena to the 28th September.
LIVERPOOL COTTON.MARKET, WEDNESDAY.—The demand
fur Cotton to-day has been very extensive, and prices have
been fully maintained. The sales are ten thousand bags, of
which seven thousand have been taken by speculators.
A Halifax Mail has arrived, by which we have received Ha-
lifax Papers to the 23d October. The above packet has been •
due for some time.

( From the Royal Gazette.)
" The Highlanders have left us : regret at their departure
is felt by the community generally ; a finer body of men than
the 93d there cannot be in our good Queen's service. They
embarked yesterday on board the Medea steamer ; they
P roce-d to Pictou. The above Papers have been anti-
cipated by the late arrivals from the United States and Canada,
We have received the Demera Papers to the 13th October.
( From the above Papers. )
" We regret to hear that the labourers in our district, and
that, perhaps, the most fertile and heretofore prosperous in
the colony, have given notice, in very large numbers, of their
intention to quit, and seek employment elsewhere. Such a
simultaneous expression of discontent cannot have arisen with-
out some adequate and known cause.
We have, indeed, for some weeks past been assured
of the existence of the general discontent by parties who
predicted the present occurrence. The cause assigned was
undue severity on the part of the Magistrates, in inflicting
punishment for neglect of work."
Barbadoes Papers to the 27th October contain a detailed
report of the Commissioners appointed by his Excellency the
Governor to visit and inspect the different parts of the island,
for the purpose of inquiry and civilization.
The report upon the whole is decidedly favourable, industry
and subordination, with some exceptions, generally prevailed,
and the state of society is improving.
We have received the Journal of Commerce of Antwerp
of yesterday's date, from which we copy the following :—We
are informed that Prussia speaks of an Army of Occupation for
Belgium, to bring to a conclusion the immediate acceptance
of the 24 articles. Prussia will go in concert with the
King of the Pay- Bas ; and she will declare that the oc-
cupation will only be temporary, and in every respect will not
go beyond the pl °posed intention.

The French. CAinet finding itself in this perplexed situation,
hastened to address itself to England, to ask that, in case of the
occupation of Belgium by Russia, France could depend on the
aid of England, in virtue of the political alliance which exists
between them.

The answer of the Cabinet of St. James's was very evasive,
and she recriminated on the affairs of Spain, and no assistance
was promised, therefore, it was determined in a Council of
Ministers, to form a Corps of Observation of 30,000 men on
the northern frontier, to watch the movements of the Prussians.

DUTCH FUNDS, Nov. 26.—Two-and.a•Half per Cents.,
548 ; Five per Cents., 101. These prices are lower than by
the last arrival.

THE FUNDS.

The stormy weather, with few arrivals this morning, damps
the speculating in the various Funds. Consols opened this
morning at the closing quotations of yesterday-934 for
Money, and 94 to k for the Account. Exchequer Bills, 65 67;
India Bonds, 62 64 ; Bank Stock, 2021 2031.
Spanish Active, 16k 17k ; Portuguese, 314 ; Three per
Cents., 20/ Colombian, 254 264; Dutch Two-and-a-Half
per Cents., 544 ; Five per Cents., 1001 4.
Since the foregoing was written, both the British and
Foreign Markets have become heavy, at the following prices :
—Consols, 93+i for Money, 93i for the Account. Bank
Stock also receded, 202.

Spanish Active lower, 161 i; Portuguese, receded to 301 a ;
Three per Cents,, 194 20; Dutch Two-and-a- Half per
Cents., lower, 534 54; Five per Cents., 1001 i .
The India news is in general looked upon as unfavourable.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 203% 3 I India Stock
3 per Cent. Red. ... ..... 9274% 3 2% ; Ditto Bonds 62 64 pm.
3 per Cent. Cons. 93% %%% i South Sea Stock
352 per Cent — Old Annuities
Ditto Red. 100% 100 4 New Ditto
New 316 per Cent lOl% % 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751...
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long A nnuities to expi re Ditto 500
Jan. 5, 1860 14% 15-16 Ditto Small 65 67 pm
Oct. 10, 1859 — Ditto Commercial 7 pm.
Jan. 5, 1869 Ditto Advertised
Jan. 5, 1880 — Bank Stock for Account .......
April 5, 1880. — India Stock for Account
Jan. 5, 1870 — Consols for Account 94 3%
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Brazilian Bonds 78%% Ditto New Bonds 30% yk,
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds
1) tto Account
Colombian Bonds Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1824 06 5% Spanish Bonds..
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account — Ditto Account.
Greek Bonds — French, 5 per cent.
Ditt Bond,, 1825 — -- 4 per cent.
Ditto Account — --- 3 per cent.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent.... ---- Exchange —f. —c.
Ditto Account — i Dutch, 2k per cent. 53% 4
Ditto, 6 per Cent 23% ; Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Neapolitan 1 Ditto Account —
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK

Paid.
British Iron Company
Brighton Railway
London and illackwall Railway
London and Southampton (New) Railway 2O
Midland Counties Railway Company So
•'orthern and Eastern Railway Company
Colonial Bank
Ditto Scrip
London and Westminster Bank 2O
London Joint Stook Bank lO
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, NOV. 27.
3 per Cent. Consols 92 tri Grand Canal Debs. 6 per cent.
3N per Cent. Stock lOOl4l Ditto, 4 per cent.
Ditto Reduced --HHibeinian Bank —
Ditto New, 183(1 .... loo%lCity of Dublin Steam Company 116%
3',, per Cent. Debentures
Bank Stock
Royal Canal Stock — Ballast Office Debentures, 4 per
Grand Canal Stock ...... -

Per Share
12 111 i
11%
7 6'4
40V
361
8%

'IN
94.
1414

HALF-PAST ONE.

- -
By the Halifax Papers received this morning, it appears
that a coal mine has been discovered contiguous to Dorchester
river, in IN estmoreland county, New Brunswick, about the
20th October, and from specimens which have been examined
by Mr. Joseph Averd, the coal is judged to be of very su-
perior quality, and its value highly enhanoed by the facility of
shipping. It is hoped that the Government of New Bruns-
wick will not obstruct the benefits likely to accrue from the
discovery. _

We hive no farther arrivals, the letters and papers by the
England, from New York, have not as yet been received.
The Journal of Commerce of Antwerp, says, that the news
received at Brussels on Tuesday, caused a Council of Minis.
ters to take place, at which the King presided, and Sir Hamil-
ton Seymour was to have on the following day a conference
with the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
The Protocol, which was received within these last few
days is stated to be a declaration from the King of Prussia,
that he is determined that Luxemburg shall not belong to
Belgium at any price. On receiving this intelligence the King
of Belgium was going to set out for Paris to request of Louis
Philippe to formally announce for or against us, before the
opening of the Chambers.
Since the early part of the morning both the British and
Foreign Markets have become heavy. Consols, which were
94k for the Account, have receded to 93i ; and 934 for
Money, receded to 933 , Money continues in demand in the
House, and has become rather scarce.
The Government broker purchased, in the course of the
morning, 10,000 Consols, at 93/.
The Batavier has just arrived, by which we have received
Dutch Papers of the 26th instant. A Cabinet Council was
held on Sunday and Monday at the Hague, to consider the
contents of the despatches received from London.
Exchequer Bills, 65 67 ; India Bonds, 62 64 ; Bank Stock,
203 ; India Stock, 262, rather lower.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active, 161; Portuguese,
30k, down ; Three per Cents., 20 ; Colombian, 251; Bra-
zilian, 784 ; Dutch Two- and-a- Half per Cents., 54.
Scarce any alteration in the Share Market, Brighton, dis.
The following has been posted at the Bank of England ;
The Governor and Company of the Bank of England do
hereby give notice, that after the 29th instant they will be
ready to receive applications for loans, upon deposits of Bills
of Exchange, not having more than six months to run, Ex.
chequer Bills, East India Bonds, or other approved securities.
Such loans to be repaid on or before the 23d January next,
with interest, at the rate of 3} per cent. per annum, and to
be for sums not less than 2,0001. each.
Bank of England, 29th November, 1838.
THREE O'CL OCR

Consols for the Account, 93i.

40.11
Last night a fire, which fora considerable time
threatened an extensive sacrifice of property, broke out on
the premises of Mr. Joseph Thornton, cabinet-maker and
builder, No. 2, Hales-terrace, East India Dock-road, and
in consequence occasioned a great deal of excitement in the
neighbourhood. The police instantly despatched messen-
gers to the several fire-stations in the metropolis, but before
any of the engines arrived the fire had made a rapid progress
and the destruction of the entire building was fully antici-
pated. The engines of the Wellclose-square and Jeffrey-
square stations were quickly brought to the spot, but some
time elapsed before the flames were successfully subdued.
The upper part of the premises were used as workshops and
contained cabinet tools and furniture of great value, the
whole of which are completely destroyed, and much damage
has been done to the building. The loss is very consider-
able, and the building unfortunately not insured. The cause
of the conflagration is unknown.
THE WEATHER.—(From the Dumfries Courier.)
Scarcely a single drop of rain fell last week ; during tl7ree
or four mornings there was no frost, and on the miler days
it was so slight that no interruption was offered tt-, plough-
ing. A good deal of tilth was accordi■gly turned, and
considerable progress made in cleaning I,sznato land ; but we
were disappointed to hear from persons who had been in
the lower parts of Annandale, and higher of Wigtosvn-
?lire, that portions of potatoes still remained in the ground
up to Thursday, or perhaps Sunday last. The sheep
have had another favourable week, whether among tur-
nips, or sheltered braes, or even on the bleakest hill sides ;
and the same remark applies to outrie, wintering cattle. A
finer back-end, very few remember ; the turnips are still
growing, and have bulked so well during the last six weeks,
that they seem destined to disappoint most agreeably the
expectations of many a farmer,

COMMON P!,,E4.S (TRI:s4 11.01,)

IMPORTANT TRIAL ON WRIT OF RIG
DAVIS V. LOWN DES.

(SECOND DAY.)
Mr. Sergeant TALFOITED addressed the Court as follows' -d
May it please your Lordships, and Gentlemen of the n
Assize, it now becomes my duty to open to you the eau_ o
behalf of the demandant, and to make such remarks as
the
fairly arise on the case which has been presented to youe °Go,
part of the tenant, by my Learned Friend the Attorot:Pdi,,
neral. lam sure I need not tell you that I enter on the
charge of that duty with no common excitement. Mel_ is the
the property which is at stake—the consciousness that tcso_ ber
last opportunity that the claimant can ever have of present!
wgouid
case before a Grand Assize or Jury of her countryinen-Tociace
alone render it exceedingly difficult on my part to l°toresea
this case to your notice. But that anxiety is greatly feel'
by reflecting on those natural, and I must say honourablavnd
oa
ings, with which I must necessarily have to struggle; an to
the attempt which has been made by the Attorney-Ge LL'e
awaken other feelings than those which might justly ueo sc.
cited in this case, and which I cannot contemplates a°,..resde
companied by the power possessed by my Learned
self said
without a portion of that trembling with which be ll_ bas
he approached the case. Gentlemen, my Learned men
a little exagge rated the difference in station of the partial' rtito
not correct in saying that Mr. Davis (not now indeedareotog
the suit, he having died since the last trial, and I repre. very
his widow), was a mariner, though no doubt he was coif
humble and obscure situation, and had to combat, 11
elisgs
with great wealth, but with all those associations and 'ed the
which the liberal possession of wealth had flung arouni that
gentleman now holding the estate in question. Ifee to tlre
when my Learned Friend the Attorney-General alluded
s,
long possession of Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Lowndes
ther, he must necessarily have awakened all those as'
tious in your minds to which I have referred., and
e
Gentlemen, it is my duty to remind you of the sitnln..,tise
solemn office which you have to perform, between these,ro:g.
—a duty cast upon you by the ancient common law bit
land—that duty being to make the inquiry, just as tholtos
were immediately after the demise of Mr. Selby, the ten bola
tof
into which of these two parties " has the more right the
the lands in dispute." My Learned Friend spoke, epos
" extreme hardship" there is in a gentleman being eall-s,v
after a possession of almost sixty years, by himself an o nos
father, to maintain that possession, and that the circumstance for.
ates a suspicion as to the case of the claimant, coralagoeoto f
ward at the last moment when the law allowed him to Pr'
it. Does not the very case OR the part of the tenant surreof
an answer to that imputation ? Does not the very °,sthaOl:
the case show the wisdom of the old common law of Oa rind
in having given to the rights of inheritance so long airgeges•
in which they might be brought forward. The very this
tbis
tion of my Learned Friend, that the person on ripenyertf'
claim is founded, was at a distance and in 13yo pre"
is abundant reason why the claim could not have been per
ferred at an earlier period. Mr. Lowndes, as you w.lobtlill
ceive, was let into possession of the estate, in his own JD ss
1784—having previously received the rents and Pri?„1.00
" Receiver" of the Court of Chancery and there "„ese)'
armed against the rightful heir (whenever he should allerodieg
from the very estates in question; with the means of dat
sli
his possession. At that time the party, whom 'one
prove to your satisfaction was the heir, a perstsl not
Erasmus Lloyd, was living in Wales, an old man, ufier t.'
of eighty years of age, who died within two years 3 coaor
period at which the estate descended on him ; in what tare
tion was he, therefore, to contest the ownership of thesis,/
with its wealthy possessor. That is not the onIYA
which the case affords to the suggestions of my Learne"adic"
the Attorney- General, so calculated as they were to Pre] oder
you against us. The case shows that the Mr. Selby
whom Mr. Lowndes claims, was ignorant of the Pr, berr
of his own family ; that he himself conceivedbod
A
might be living in obscurity, and at a d'Alallee sio'seetr:,
therefore he directed advertisements to be ',ijet'i
in the papers to lead to his discovery. The means of e as $f
on which pedigree can be established are discovered °moot:
remote periods, and by mere accident, and at a long kie*cebee,
time from the period when the party interested maY„:abe el: 0
conscious of his right. Let the tradition in a fainTo cset'or
so strong, let the conviction of heirship in the partY,'„,-1100,f
firm, he has to seek out the means of establishing t"" "t
his descent, at a long distance of time, in the obscurlithos
parish registries, and, is it to be said, that ;ell,
any such evidence he is to come forward, hope, el
to annoy and to vex the possessor with no reasonable
se:
establishing his claim ? The Learned Sergeant then ad err'
to the fact that the tenant in this case had only
since the last trial, with all his vast resources,
a *lOO
ant piece of evidence, produced last night, the admillieotle;
.10 lot/0
of an Isabella Selby. He then proceeded thus :-""na
men, I cannot help saying, on behalf of that old Contra
tt
of England, over the ruins of which the Attorney.Generet,cifee:
—I hope prematurely, I cannot help saying that there are
„.01
tages in this institution of a solemn tribunal guarded r'equir;
it is with every difficulty on the part of the claimant,ireissee
ing from him the strictest attention to his evidence •fieed
help thinking that if this old institution is to be sacri the
the fluctuations of time, and to exist hereafter only in olpte
pages of history, that it seems to have been, in somesomel3oo J
compensatory for the difference of resources on the wir,
c CO
a claimant, as against the possessor. No human t
to
level the distinctions of poverty and riches with te9PAtil-
the bringing of claims before a Court of Jostler., 004,600
moment its sacred precincts are entered, no such
are known. However, we are not here to'discuss theiLlsse'
of our ancestors in framing this institution, but torrecolg
the duties which it imposes, which I am sure you, —l4O 're
will do with firmness and honesty. Now as regard of
Lowndes's situation, let me observe, this is not ease
ide;
party having purchased large estates for a valuable c?liej of
eo
Iron, and after a long lapse of time sought to be dePrlergott,i
by some hitherto undiscovered flaw, or some long 'ft :(1
scandal. Mr. Lowndes received the estate as the gcbt $.;
friend Mr. Selby, the testator, on condition that tbe11110%;
lawful heir was not found. Under that condition be salou"e,
joyed the estate, and received its rents and rofits tnallidefe'd
buy the property twice over ;Ps
not, that clew
sufficient to
the' hardship" on the part of the person who, bt of t 0
disadvantage, comes forward now to vindicate the rtg? [The
hesitance which has, she believes, descended on berdiatee;to
Learned Sergeant then animadverted upon and TeP,n
attempts which had been made by the Attorriey-',of
er
excite a suspicion as to the authenticity of &octne°. 6e0,"04
dence that might be tendered, and procejededi fo'be
men, Mr. Selby, the testator, no doubt. regards bet oe
Mr. Lowndes with feelings of
esteem and acetic)" ;0 eftdr,
wished that, could the lawful I..eir be found, this lag. to
should descend to him. That feeling was not Peetla
Selby. It is a feeling bound up with the oldest asocit fee' ,
prejudices, if you will—of the English nation, h folerboi
which is as strong in the breast of the poor Weis'. the
such as him whose descendant I now represent--Wrio le
a few acres to transmit to his children—as in the We° Oros
wealthiest landowners—the law of inheritance's of ot
men—as was said by that brightest ornan3ef, the Aso
English Bar, in a case similar to this bafoslt
of inheritance binds up the incorporation of the to grin
backward after the pattern of nature, enabling' nen rostsiO
backward to our ancestors with pride, and forviartift,„-eliele-rer
with hope." Gentlemen, I see something ir, tba!' -tbe
to the nobler parts of our nature. I bell:eve no 'leafy te,bolle
meet the approval of Christian men, rvhich lookt",„"0"ed',.
temporary interests of individuals,
narrow limits : the feeling of win- take° 1.
b sie
ch I speak wino co
that resistless • •
spirit of immor',ality, the spirit ',Ls° Will
to create a species of posthurcears existence in this filioailio 011
ao.a steps not n.7.ts rie`,o
nett age with age, and, time with time, and vibe liag
family, and to have some perpetuating mere the Color,
earthly possessions are for ever gone. This was f bi°of
which induced Mr. Selby, not knowing the Pereenboar° °facie'
nor whether that heir was to be found in the neigh et the
his own mansion, or among the mountains of to tor
” sfalee'
sired that h;.s property should descend according tcheaoble
of inheance ; and to discover that line, which steed ha
into the obscurities of far distant time, andliciag,,es"
station, we must have recourse, not to
past ltd to
Losses, but to those silent depositaries of to stn
,e the short and simple annals of the poor,l o°oo'
they relate—those parish registries which, INoW",a ells°
are always the most unquestionable asithorities• or,
tlemen, you have heard that Mr. Selby, the testaot ;',lle'
1772 siesed of these estates. iris father, Serge-die.° sor
and his mother, the daughter of Sir Roland Alstnlinli t/ee,esat
he was young. The Sergearat died in 1724•Tabe
grant's father, James Selby,
had no issue but the testator, who died I'' ail die" tberl,
died in 1688. ,aobelor-„ With!
Sergeant's father had several other children, buti. his °l° sb.
out issue. The relations of James Selby by that villfo the
side could not claim the whole estate, and claim itotael"
ground of the decision which negatived the.,.,ir t, GenCsell#'
whole estate in opposition to Mr. Lowndes. .11,;honsas. jed e
I contend that James Selby was the son of a ho nr arrfern
who lived at Navern, in Pembrokeshire,
aannadtt.:ol.ehy;
Mary Lloyd, the sister of James Lloyd,
chvaod
brokeshire. James Lloyd and Mary Lloyd being eh
of Adam Lloyd, from whom I say that
and the testator, Mr. Selby, were both jenrensolet
James Lloyd had three sons--Evan, John, and orA, $
nay bra' rude
two first died bachelors, and George had three sou
Lloyd being the eldest; and this Erasmus was story,
the time of the testator's death in 1772'
eedieggs!
years of age,and died two years after. lie left tilled ie
Catherine, Francis, and Mary, all of whom, the ;re;
and the daughter of Catherine, the eldest er the
thell2bP,
Mrs. Davis, my client. The Learned Sergeant see 13!oole
ceeded to state how he intended to prove the Pe? b° noel
detailed. The AttornPq- General had boasted tuo_,at
give a " mortal sta):,,,
Selby, the grandfather
of the testator, was Ilet_o of *ra
blr
Mary Lloyd., but of Isabella Selby, the administra;u_vere
o+3' ing
ha,!. 'been produced yesterday, having been di "
to the claim, by showing. ge olioge
lJe
will
e
the tenant, Mr. Lowndes, since the_
.lastb., sal vale
(Sergeant Talfourd) would disprove this,
.00
was Chilton—the brother of a gentleman t t
this Isabelly Selby was a lady, whose
Oartt,„,et tbs,
living in Berkshire; and that the James Selbylatru_f of at
son of that Isabella Selby, was not the grandfng:eh_t the !iv
tor, but was a schoolmaster residing at Reading,
i!`o3o.!'h'e
time when the grandfather of testator—the_
Senses
00_ 00
—was livin at Salford. The Learned serroe',hiltun'..of
brothersh o ul d
o f
Isabella establish t
was dated 1658, and proved ter. yearend Buck io
hi
sSbeyl bpyr,oidnuwcihnigcht hhee willrso re! fj'illiTr_e.,s:ia'seoldbfkbrridnef:
described as a " schoolmaster, of Reading, Berae afterT4
"ng -A.
hamshire was clearly established byf gonn,l
The connection between the families in
Judith
which Ira' Selby
was left a leasehold estate by his cousin,
1645. That will showed that James Selby,N
Th° c""
and it clearly proved that he was the same iepoh.
had been entered of the Middle. Temple.
