iniptnent _of bo-ats six or eir=lit sops caulcs rot, lie
be better etilployeSitlr Ooe year.. One
year wouid so f. - cot 6.p the abominable trAEC, thy-

- -
be thought there would be httie danger of *us ever
again taking root. Those now concerned in it kvoeld
employ- their cipitals in other concerns: They:,
wonl.l perhaps turn pirates, and probably within that
'time some dt them would forfeit. heir lives to the vi-
elated laws of their country. It was not, he thooght,
Sufficient, that those illegally engaged in suchka traf-
fic siieuld lie oely punishtd by Peel-thy. Frdm the.
record et his band it appeared, that paying all the
penalties imposede if 'but one voyage sot ceeded oeti
of five, the adventurer would bc 20,43001: ganr:r,
,Sock ponalties_ tended to increase rather than to pre-
vent the offence against:the: hilks, as those engaged
in such-pursuits, afraid of sendiyg one ship, would
' send 'twenty.. If a watermati,' beiWeen Windsor
and. Gravesend, took a number of persons aLove his
fare, for the first and second offences he was fined,
for the third lie lost his franchise .as a watermin,
and if any person should be drowned when the boat .
is so overloaded, he_wili.b,! transported beyond the
seas ; but when men bOught and Murdered a num-
ber of Africans, they _lxere.only sentenced to pay' a
trifling penalty. Formerly There was a law, ordain-'
ing that " he who stealeth a man shall be put to
death." Now our law enacted,', that " -he .who
stetleth a man, and torteres, and murders hilt, or
Consigns him ,to intereninahle slavery; shall pay 2.01:"'
This was at pre,ient the state of-the-case, He hoped
before Many monthSwerepasSed the House would
take such'steps as ‘vould:etfeetually remedy the evil,
and vindicate the character of the country and of
Parliament: He 'concluded by rt-30011g,', That an
humbie Address be presented to the King, repre-
setiting to his. Majesty that that liduse having taken
into consideration-tite-papers he bad been graciously
pleased to cc.rnununicate respecting the-African Slave
Trade; but while they acknowledged with grati-
tutlt his endeavours, in compliance with the wishes
of Parliament, to induce foreign powers, and .per-
suade- his allies to co-operate with England in abo-
lishing thee Slave Trade, they catrnot but express're- ,
Bret (Fiat his reptesensaf ions should have had s6-litfle
effed.—To'heseech his M-ljesty still to persevere in
his endeavours to induce foreigtn. powers and allies
to unite with this country in the general abolition of
it, and ededually enforce (he laws against it. That
then have learned --with' surprise- and indignation,
that certain persons in this country have in a dan-.
destine and fraudulent Manhe-rendeavoured to revive
the Slave Trade again:
,That they wilreatly in the
next Session take such measures as will etledually •

check such offenders, and punish.
,so daring a violal
tion of the laws.: That iiithe intoritu.they pray that
his ;.\l:;je'sty will be gracionly , E,lea,ed to give orders
ti.e. COmman&rs of Ships arid other officers acting
under his Majesty's authority; "to Appress as far as
lies in their power pfa::tice§ so, CoptelniApous of Par-
liament and dero,6atory, to the dignity and charaCter
