11 A M BURGH PAPERS.

MILSTEIN, AUG 2fir-,7411C 'hope's
which we have beetirled to chetisli'hy the 4,cces,
Pion of our Sovereign, the KLug of bentnarc, to
the German Confederotion, are 'on the paint of
being accomplished. Flis Majesty—has,. hy,a.
Decreet•N the 19th instant, named a Commit-
tee, which lti. to meet on the .4th Sloventber,
this year, at Copenhagen, in order to deliberate
on the Constitution to be givtn to the,flueity; and
to lay before his Majesty the result of the delibe.;
tations for hiilteeisiotr. —.The Cinuthittec consists
of nine Members..

Copi:N.llA(iiN, Au a. 2,1.—A West Indinthain has
lately arrived here which performed the Voyage.
in 35 days. It is sflid there is no example on re-
cord ut a ship having Made the voyage in so short
a time. We hear-that two Deputies have arrived.
here from the inhahitants (not Europeans) of- our
%Vest India Colonies, to make representations con,
cerning their situations.

VIENNa, Auo. 21.—The son of the English
Ambassador,: Lord Stewart, who was on-his way
from London to join his father here, was detained
on the frontiers, because he neglected the vie
cersary formality of haying his passports signed
by an Ainbassador in London --the tliffiettity was,
however, anon removed, and orders sent to the
officers on the frontiers to allow the young man,to
continne.his journey hither.
Since the arrival of a Courier the day before
.yesterday;nt the English Ambassador's, it is re-
ported, ;hat Lord, .ILxinonth has received the most
positive instructions, which have been long and
ardently desired,. to suppress the excesses of the
Corsairs, and that he is to demand from the Go-
vernment of Algiers, besides the mere abolition
of slavery, the delivery of the whole marine, anti.
re-payment of all sums received tor the ransorn of
Christian slaves, since the-late Treaty concluded
on that subject, and in case of refusal to employ
force.,

FRANX.FORT, AUG. 25.—We flatter ourselves
with the hope of seeing the Duke of Wellington
here for sonic days during the lair, when his High-
ness will visit the head-quarters in Alsace. 'The
Diet will hardly be opened before or during the
fait ; but alles: this tune: It
ewill not be lunge( de-
layed.

Ex-Qneen of Spain is Still :bere, but lives
so rctiruti that itubudi *ould guess tor abode,
