SHAFTESBURY ELECTION PETITION.

Mr. BL CKST 0 N E appeared at the Bar with the re-
port of the Shaftesbury Election Committee, which was to the
,ffect that the Committee was of opinion that J. S. Poulter,
Esq. ( Liberal) had not been duly elected to represent that
borough, but that G. Mathews, Esq. (Tory) was duly elected,
and that neither the petition nor the opposition
thereto was frivolous or vexatious. The Committee
had altered the poll by striking off certain names,
and they had great difficulty and embarrassment in
examining the poll-books, and carrying on the scrutiny in
consequence of the refusal of the overseers to produce their
books. The report stated, that although the Committee had
not been able to trace unlawful practices to the candidates or
their agents, yet it appeared to them that treating had pre-
vailed to great extent at the late election, and the report
especially referred to the evidence which, upon the motion of
the lion. Member (Mr. Blackstone) was ordered to be laid
on the table.
LONDON AND CROYDON RAILWAY.
On the motion of Mr. K EMBL E, this Bill was recom-
mitted.

MALDON ELECTION COMMITTEE.
The Clerk of Committees appeared at the Bar with the
list of this Committee, who came to the table, and were sworn,
as follows:—Wm. Orrnsby Gore, Thomas Mackenzie, Lord
Visct. Grimstone, Edward Fellowes, Lord Fitzallen, Wm.
Curry, John James Bodkin, Wm. Bird Brodie, Mr. Villiors
Stuart, lion. Wm. Scbright Lascelles, James Pattison.

Petitions praying for the immediate abolition of Negro
apprenticeship, were presented by Mr. Broadley from places
in the East Riding of Yorkshire ; by Mr. E. Tennent from
several dissenting coug►egations in the county of Down ; by
Mr. Bennet from South Wiltshire, and by Mr. Ashton Yates
from the Presbyterian congregations of Belfast.
Mr. JA MES presented petitions from places in Scotland
against further endowments to the Church of Scotland, and
praying for the establishment of additional schools in the
Highlands.
Mr. KINNAIRD presented a petition from Perth in favour
of the abolition of the system of Negro apiarenticeship. Also
a petition praying the Lords of the Treasury to issue an order
that the morning mails might be stopped.
Mr. HUTT 0 N presented a petition from certain gentlemen
who bad served the office of Grand Jurorsi n Dublin, praying

ri v lir
,)
'
_\-/-te.
Grim. in,alvindietrneht,..lli
_ ._ . -4-........ .
or a change in the mode of preparing
ip.,, ,;$,,,
~ .-.--,
A .
'The petition was ordered to be printed with the Votes. . ... _: 4
Mr. GROTE presented a petition from a place in Pert
shire against additional endowments to the Churp,l--ai Sgdt=2:.,V
4,114. ..,„1-tp..,,
Sir R. INGLIS oresente i petitions from Birmingham arlarAT
Banbury against the suppression of the Bishopric of &a' r
and Man.

~\~
`~ ~; i

Captain WEMYSS presentcd petitions from Fife against.
Negro slavery, further endowments to the Church of Scotland,
and the Corn-laws.

Mr. WILBRAHANI presented a petitio from Congleton
against the Small Tenemen!s
Mr. FINCH presented a petition from the Mayor and Al-
dermen of Tenby, praying for'a lower rate of postage.
Lord DALMENY presented several petitions prayi-nfor
the immediate abolition of Negro appreoticeship.
LONDON AND CROYDON RAILWLY.
On the motion of Captain A L SAG E U., the Repo,: of the.
Committee on the London and Croydon Railway Mil was
further considered, and the Bill was ordered to be engrocsed.
Mr. H. STEUART presented petitions from several phices
in Scotland, praying for the immediate abolition of Negro
apprenticeship.
Mr. GILLON presented petitions from Falkirk, Kilbride,
in Ayrshire, Kincardine, Batligate, and otl:cr places, against
any further endowment to the CLurch of Scotland. Also a
petition from Linlithgow, against the Highland Schools Bill.
Mr. C. LUSHINGTON presented two petitions in favour
of the immediate abolition of Negro apprel:ticeship.
Mr. SHAW presented several petitions avinst the prosent
system of National Education in Ireland.
DECCAN PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. HUAIE presented a petition from a gentleman in the'
Fleet Prison, praying the House to institute an inquiry into
the non-distribution of the Deccan Prize Money. The booty
was taken in 1817 and 1818, and no final distribution had yet
taken place. Twenty years was too long to wait for such a
purpose. He would move that the petition be printed, with
a view to bringing it under the notice of the House after the
recess.
