isS
ISt
ud,
on-

ties,

hay

done!
"eel°

ire, 11'6

;
s

60111
iiißvsl4l

BEDDING.

vofOß,ter FOR CLEANSING AND REPAIRING

Navy-Office. May 1, 1893.
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS and COM-
IILISSIONERS of HIS M.IJESTrs NAVY do
Kereby give Notice, That on Thursday, the 22i1 Instant,
at One o'Clock, they will be ready to treat with such Per-
sons as may be willing to Contract for
CLEANSING and REPAIRING FLOCK BEDS and
BOLSTERS, and BLANKETS, and for Cleansing
iIdAnIOCKS and COTS, the Articles to be taken by
'the Contractor from His Majesty's Yard at Deptford,
and to be returned by him into Store at the said Yard,
when Cleansed and repaired. /
4 Forma* the Tender, may be seen at this Office. No
,Tender will be received after One o'oo4, on the Day ,!1.
''Treaty, Itior any noticed, unless the Party, or an Agent for
Aim, attends.
..E‘er, Tender must be accompanied by a Letter ad.
a;essed to the Navy Board, and signed by two responsible
ereutur enttaging to become bound with the Person ten-
u,"on(latriai.
.cii of 1 the Sum £3OO fur the due pertormance of the
Contract.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, April:in, 1823.
TILE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG-
LAND TRADING to the EAST INDIES, du hereby give
Notice, •
That 4 SPECIAL GENERAL cower tf the said Com-
pany will he held at their House in Leadeoholl-4treet on
" EDNESDAY, the 14th May next, at Eleven o'clock in the
forenoon, for the purpose of laying before the Prorirtors, for
their approbation, a Resolution of the Court of Directors of
the 9115 instant, granting the suns of (60,0001.) sixty thousand
pounds per annum to His Majesty's Covernment, with a view
of relieving the finances of the Country from the Charge in-
curred fur retiring pay, pensions, &c., on account of that
part of his Majesty's forces which is maintained in the East
Indies, from the :loth April, 1824, to he paid out of the Terri-
torial Revenues of India, I n account of all Retiring Pay, Pen-
sions, &c., granted or that may he hereafter granted in re-
spect of his Majesty's forces serving in the East Indies.
Copy of the said Resolution now lies opeu at this house
fur the perusal of the Proprietors.
_ The Court of Directors do also
give notice that the said
General Court is further made special for-the
milting for confirmation the Resolution of the General Court
purpose of sub-
s__.tf, the Iflth March,,approving the Resolution of the Court of
,Directors of the lath December last, granting to Major
Tames Riven Carnac,
, , thirty thousand flotubay
of (30 0001 of the'Madras I.':;tithlishment, the sum
Rupees, at the rate of
9.5. 3d. per Rupee, upon the grounds therein stated.
• The Report required by the By Law, Cap. 6. Sec. 20. to-
gether with the documents upon which the said Resolution
has been formed are open for the inspection of the Proprietors
41 this House.

JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

CLERGY ORPHAN CORPORATION,
St. John's Wood. Marv•le-hone.
Pr"'dent,— Patron—THE KING.
The Right Honourable and Right Reverend the
Lord Bishop of LONDON.
• • Vice-President—The Right Hon. Lord KENYON.
OTICE is hereby given, that the PUBLIC
EXAMINATION of the CHILDREN in the Schools
•of this CORPORATION will take place before His Grace the
Lord Archbishop of CANTERBURY, at the S(.11()IL
1101iE, St•
near the Regent's Park, on
WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 14th Instant, at Twelve &Clock.
precisely.
Noti
ven
ce is hereby further gi, that a,Qu'ARTEttLY C-
- XERAL MEETI*; of this INCORPOIt.‘TED SOCIETlEY
forCLOTHING, AINTAINING. and EDUCATING POOR
°ItPEIAN CHILDREN of CLERGYMEN of thn ESTA-
bLISHED CHURCH of ENGLAND, until of AGE to
he Put APPRENTICE, will he holden at FREEMASONS'
TAVERN, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, on
e!VENEsDAy, .the 28th. instant, at Half-pa‘t TWO 0.C1,10i
rtecieelY, for the purpose of ELECTING CHILDREN into
the SCHOOLS, and on oilier Special Affairs.
E. .1. BURROW, D.D. Secretary.

PROVIDENT LIFE OFFICE,
REGENT-STREET, LONDON.
PItESI DENT.
The Right Honourable Earl GREY.
VICE.PRESIDENTS.
T.l44e.Marylis of Salishm Viscount dill eley,
1::,r1 of Hardwiche K.G.iscount Doncantion,
4arl of Cat "
rnarvon, Lord Braybroohe.
TRUSTEES.
Sir George Duckett, Bart.
Praed, Esq.

Lord Kin
Sid Brsil;rooke,
Sir S. B. Itturland, Bart. M.P.
William Bell F
DIRECTORS.
Robert Fleetwood, Esq.
Francis s ' '"l'
8 (must, E. William Judd, Eeq.
,!r. John Doyle, Bart. John Marshall, Esq.
''eurge Duckett; Bart. Edward Nugent, Esq.
Wilds t
1144 e Dawson E I James Sedgewick, Esq.
I "i*
J ri 3, Esq_. M.P. Hon. W. Shirley
anataan Dooms, Esq. John Wilson, Esq.
Managing Director,
rivr, J. T. BARBER BEAVMONT, E.q. F.A S.
[lig,. PROVIDENT LIFE OFFICE was
tq,,eir,tne?riginal Office which effected insurances upon the
t:4oi, Ile .at copthining the security of an adequate. permanent
Prprn On addition to the fluctuating Funds arising from the
selif,idt(us) with the beneficial rule of returning, stated
"`tri-
latiturt:ipe surplus of the annual Premiums to theL on
41 this i Isr paying losses and expences. The importance
approutn,!PrOVeliient is acknowledged by extraordinary public
new
oiti toil. and by the numerous imitations of it, which
4,1111c1 ces ilaVe lately offered, and which older ones have,
chief a,1,,4n "illanging their constitutions. The principle
. is of
4" tile ;,%IljeCitust. as it yields, by the specific sums insured,
Posits, urn of
the
hir:e,rtivits the surplus, the fullest value for t.he.de-
•lre . do Svosonable motive for venturing on
to such fr'e reduced and insufficient premiums, which has led
Bonuses gi'eut instances of disappointnient and ruin. .
tided duri0,1,131•84. and 261. 1,21. per cent. have been di
Peribis,ing, '"e last fourteen years.
plfibtftlir dc-c) 'lrgrnnted to all persons whose lives ..tre tiftstithreeidr
hr—rs'in 1 is "'"t being Mariners in the vxercise i
;lits, fromu •() pass by sea in whole decked vessels, or steani-
in. ii. v„,, 'me part of the United Kingdom to another, and
..
4:ileitihidi,ltiiti.r.onimitehle; :es aicsew,,fnr:Tnatilliyrriteifisiblitroedt.he Foreign Ports be
txtr% Prs-.,- `"e'l and Brest inclusive, without License and
insured at this Office are not charged with
o .-Ad •fl4l Premium unless called into actual service.
made
for pi, Juitsion Pee% are required, nor is any charge
Adi,4.c.i.b except the stamp duty.
'l)Psti4dger thus extensive and substantial 7ha.vinbeen
Ilit pt„, Lirenlired dining A period of seventeen.) ears, under....y
11pre,,;1„--`' Management of this Office,the Public will readily
''Y iiii;V.t.be. difference between the valise of Policies Issue
Aeelitsth‘"" " others.
nil appointed in all the principal towns.

PLiiii) ExTRAcT OF SARSAPARILLA.
Ntf • T,
I Nied".3. rreparation are concentrated an the
' 1"1141 Properties of the Sarsaparilla Rt!ot,.e!ell
rteo.
Par,d. el,
,Saturatian of the Nlenstrituto with which it ts Pses
%1:611,1 10 Nell Persons, t here fin e, whn, from varimlteawiloo.lti.
k'iollttrei.litllinit'oee.great inconrenience, or
Dec
wh""
1' ..•rtict 9nssibic to prepare the cacti.on,Lt.ih.tepallil)ltil
Itee, ihwilseh Possesses tlie advantages of Prtamil )•'' able
"i‘tili-A, in any clitante, will be found A ntost desirable
l'lta i.. Ploying this much.esteetned Medicine. _ .4. Ilie ti- "seases in' whi I' it has' proved most hene.hci I
' ti's i)?se of the Skin, ;mitt as Sctirbutic Affections, Ert;tic:-
,d!ti:d sttn"sArs, Secondary Svmptottis; &c. arising,
wir"ni *len-
,:,,,rc it*it7,o.f.the System at. large:. It is taken. 20 _ ater,
i, l
Sitrpar ; the game mite II AS the DeeoCl'n.. •
.311. e'and Sold by Butlers Chemists,
Wi, '*iiitty, kf '
.1 Rooms), London..
h ert„4, i, yent-street (near the-Ars, e
id
in • al
ht.
4,-theapside, St..
/ the pelt! t4Ce , • Ellinbilrkb • ' Savicrille•Atreet,•Dti • . ‘ .._
ihtn...._ll i,deit* l' prtt .isti at'ill'Mailleine-Ven'ders throngnout
lesvilit - annirkin 11 tt Is-at 41 6d. titwil'7l- 6'l,'„ ..
Ask
fur "I.ltitier's'iFlueiti Extra.tc.t. of Sarsaparilla."

PARLIAMENT,

II OUS F. OF LORDS, MAY 7

Sir J. NEWPORT, accompanied by other Members of the
House of Commons, brought up the Irish County Treasurers
and Apprentices Bills, which were read the first time.

On the mution of the Marquis of LANSDOWN, the Irish
Charitable Loan Society's Bill was read the second time.
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Salisbury, praying for some alteration of the
law, with a view to the gradual abolition of slavery.—Ordered
to lie on the table.—Adjourned till Friday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
. _ _

General GASCOYNE postponeCllW notice of a motion
upon the subject of the Half-pay of Officers resident in Ire-
land, to the 23d instant.

Mr. RICA RD() presented several petitions from Arbroath,
praying a repeal of the Laws for regulating
.the stamping of
Linens. Ordered to be printed.
Mr. CUR WEN presented a petition from certain persons,
the description of whom we could not hear, praying for an in.
crease of the Duty on Tallow.
Mr. RICARDO expressed his opinion that a compliance
with the prayer of the petition would be injurious to the pe-
titioners, and to the country at large.
Mr. BENNET contended that it would be a great relief to
the poorer classes.

• Sfr T. LETHBRIDGE hoped that the Right Hon. Chan.
cellor of the Exchequer would impose an increase of duty
upon the importation of Foreign Tallow. He trusted that an
opportunity would soon occur when the subject should come
before them in a more tangible shape. He must say that his
Hon. Friend, the Member for Portarlington, was also ex-
tremely jealous of any consideration or favour being shewn to
the Agricultural Interest. •
Mr. RICARDO said that he neither wished to favour one
interest or the another. He never considered the interest of
landed gentlemen, monied gentlemen, or Commercial Gentle.
men. His duty in that House was to take care of the interests
of the public ; and if any measure were
.proposed for the relief
of a particular interest, which was injurious to that of the pub-
lic, he should strenuously oppose it.
Mr. BENETT contended that the Funded Interest had ad.
vantges which Agriculture did not possess.
Lord MILTON complained that when these petitions were
presented Ministers remained silent as to the course they in.
tended to pursue.
Mr. BENETT explained.
After a few words from Mr. CURWEN, the petition was or-
dered to be printed.
Several petitions were presented by Sir R. FERGUS/lON and
Mr. S. WORTLEY, praying for a repeal of the old laws rela-
tive to the Stamping of Livery.—Laid•on the table.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. LITTLETON presented petitions from Stockdale, and
two other placrs, praying the Abolitiori,of Slavery.
Mr. W. LEWIS presented similar Petitions from the Towns
of Cardiff and Neath.

Mr. S. IWORTLEY presented a similar petition from Brad..
ford, praying for the . Abolition of -Slavery.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HURST
.presented a similar petition from Horsham.—
Ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENISON presented a similar petition from Wake-
field.—Ordered to be printed.
Lord A. HAMILTON postponed his notice of 'tuition on
the subject of Scotch Representation to Tuesday next.
Mr. ti. LAMB presented a petition from the Gentry and
Farmers of Hertfordshire, praying for an open trade in Beer.—
Ordered to be printed.
Mr. CH ILDE presented two petitions from places we could
not hear, praying the Abolition of Slavery.—Ordered to be
printed.
Similarpetitions were presented from Chipping Norton and
another place.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir E. KNATCH BULL presented two petitions from dif-
ferent places in the County of Kent, against the Duty on Coals.
—Ordered to be printed.
General DOVETON presented a petition from Lancaster,
praying for the abolition-of Nlavery..Ordered to be printed.
Mr. MUNDY presented petftions from Cheater, NVirkir-
worth, Chesterfield, and Matlock, to the soneeffect.—Ordered
to be printed.
Petitions were presented from Wirksworth and Belper, pray..
ing for an equalization of the Duties on'Sugar.—Ordered to be
printed.

Mr. GOOCII presented several petitions from afferent
places, in favour of an abolition Slavery.—Ordered to be
printed.
Sir H. VIVIAN presented a petition from Truro to the same
effect.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition from the Magistrates
of Irvine, against the Scotch Commissaries Bal.—Laid on the
table.

Mr. HORN BY presented a petition from Preston, praying
the abolition of Slavery.—Ordered to he printed.
Lord MILTON presented similar petitions from Hudders-
field and Sheffield.—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. M. PITT presented a petition to the same effect from
the town of Sherborne.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLS presented a petition from the inhabitants of
'Maidstone, praying for a reduction of the duty on coals.
After a few words from Mr. RICARDO, Mr. CALCRAFT,
Mr. BROUGHAM. and Mr. Mowcx, the peti9on was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LINDSEY presented petitions from Dundee and two
other places, against the Linen Laws.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAM BTON presented petitions from the Inhabitants
of Sunderland, Stockdale Gateshead, Darlington, and South
Sields, praying for the abolition of Slavery.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DENT presented a similar petition from Saffron Wal-
den.—Ordered to be printed.
A Petition to the same effect was presented from Andover.
Mr. KEITH DOUGLAS presented a similar petition from
Dumfries..—Ordered to be printed.
Captain WEMYSS presented several petitions from the
County of Fife against the Linen Laws.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. BUXTON postponed his motion for the abolition of
Slavery to Thursday, the 15th of May.
Lord NUGENT postponed his motion relating to English
Catholics to the 28th msumt.
Mr. LUMLEY presented a petition from Birmingham,
praying for the abolition of Slavery.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a similar petition from Eversham.
Ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. MARTIN presented a similar petition from Tewkes-
bury.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY presented I petition to the same effect
from Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Also a petition from the sarila
place in favour of tthe importation of, Scotch Whiskey.—Or.
tiered to be printed.
GAME LAWS. •
Mr. BROUGHAM rose to prevent a petition which he
described as coming from a well known writer, as the House
would Perceive when they saw that it was signed, " William
Cobbett, Kensington." The Petition related to the Report of
the Committee upon the Game Laws, which recommended a
plan for legalising the sale of Game. It stated that the juris-
prudence and the morals of the country had been greatly in-
jured by the laws now in existence. That of 15 prisoners con-
fined in the gaol of Berkshire 22 were there for poaching; and
that at the last Assizes, the only two men executed had been
convicted of that offence. The petitioner prayed that the re-
commendation of the Committee might not be adopted, as. it
would only tend to aggravate the evils of the existing law.
Lord PALMERSTON said, that of the two men.execu,ed,
one had been condemned for murder, and the other for shoot-
ing at an unamed gamekeeper,:and.locig, log the contents of the
gun in his , at a distance often yards.
Mr. BROUGHAM did not doubt :.the Noble Lord's
statement in the least; but those circumstances did not an..
sorer the petition, as to the abominable nature of the laws in
question.
After a few words frotn Mr. BRNETT and Sir Fua ire is BA-
RING, the petition was ordered to be printed.
Sir E. HARVEY presented apetition from Dunloe, praying
the abolition of Shivery.—Ordered.to be printed, •
A etition was presented from the Under . Sheriff of West-
meath, against the Grand %hay on
the table.
BERCROMBY postpinatd his nibtion relative to the
cage of Borthwick, to the 3d.or June.
. • . 'INSURRECTION ACT.
GOULBURN gave nod& that on 'Monde* next he

should move for leave to bring in a Bill to rsnew the Insurrec-
tion Act.

CONDUCT OF THE SHERIFF OF DUBLIN.

The House resolved itself intoa---ConWitt;eof the whole
House, to inquire into the conduct of the Sheriff of Dublin—
Sir Robert Heron in the Chair.

The CHAIRMAN asked if Mr. Richic and 31r. Sheriff Cooper
were in attendance

Mr. Sheriff Cooper appeared at the Bar, and stated in answer
to the examination of Mr. J. Williams,. that he had no ob-
jection to Mr. Poole's being on the pannel, until that gentle-
man called upon him. He could not recollect whether the
suggestion of the objection came first from Mr. Sheriff Thorpe.
Niritness had a delicacy in asking or giving opinions on politl-
cal questions with Mr. Sheriff Thorpe, as they were of separate
opinions. It probably might or might not be on political
grounds that Sheriff Thorpe objected. He saw Mr. O'Reilly
at the close of his examination of the former night. Never
stated to him that he had been wrong in what he had stated re.
lative to Mr. Poole. Never looked after Mr. O'Reilly after
his last examination. Witness met him by accident in the
lobby. The under sheriff receives the fees of office, and gives
a certain dividend to the sheriffs. The settlement takes place
quarterly.
In answer to Mr. Pr. tr sr a llTT.—Wltstess '.-
could not take upon
himself to say whether the objection to Mi. Poole was suggest-
ed by Mr. Thorpe or himself. He would not go to the length
of positively saying that Mr. Sheriff Thorpe did not make the
objection. Witness did believe, frein what he has since learned,
that Mr. Poole had made an application to Mr. Sheriff Thorpe
to be placed on the pannel, and that the latter promised him.
He believed, when Poole applied to him (Sheriff Cooper) to
put his name on the Grand Jury, that sheriff Thorpe (in whose
hands the return of the pannel was) had changed his mind. He
believed Poole had an early promise, though he did not know
whether a positive one. He believed the opinion of sheriff
Thorpe was changed before Pool made the application to the
witness, from what he had since heard. He might hare come
to him in consequence of that, but he had not made any such
communication, or stated any thing of the promise. He could
not tell why the application was made to him, if sheriff Thorpe
had declared his intention of adhering to the original pannel.
In answer to a question put to him by Mr. Balotyr, the
witness stated that he could not tell what was passing in Pool's
mind when he called upon him.
In answer to questions from Mr. LEICESTER, he stated
that lie did not know how many conciliation men were on the
pannel ; he believed there, were several moderate ; he should
think there were at least five conciliation men, but could not
tell whether their names were among those of the first 27. The
pannel was struck by the high sheriff, along with the sub-
sheriff. He believed that was the ordinary course. He knew
Mr. Whistler, the sub-sheriff; he never heard him boast of
having struck the pannel.
In answer to questions from Sir J. NEwPoRT, the witness
stated that he did not know whether the High Sheriff had ever
pledged himself to act in conformity to the opinions of those
who had chosen him Sheriff. He was not 'aware that he had
said at his dinner, that he would abide by the wishes of those
who hail made him Sheriff, but he believed it was so stated in
some newspapers. As far as he recollected what Sheriff Thorpe
said on that occasion, he returned thanks to those who had re-
turned him, as was usually done, and as to his having stated
that he would conduct himself according to their wishes, the
substance of what he said might go to that effect. Ile knew
Mr. O'Reilly, and was on terms of intimacy with him ; lie was
nut acquainted with a Mr. Bradshaw. The witness was then
ordered to withdraw, and another called in. The witness stat.
ed that his name was Harris; that lie was a serjeant of the
74th regiment ; he was now serjeant.major ; he had first enter-
ed as a private, lie was afterwards made a corporal, and was
next made serjeant-major, as at present; he was before the
Grand Jury as a witness in the case of the riot at the Dublin
Theatre ; he did not recollect whether he was examined sepa-
rawly by the Members of the Grand Jury, or by four or five
at a time ; he very well remembered that the examination was
not conducted very courteously ; very significant remarks were
made by Members of the Juty upon his evidence, and doubts
were expressed of his being capable of identifying the persons
whom he actually saw in acts of riot ; he had identified the per-
son who threw the rattle, and he stated that 'William Graham
was the man; the witness observed Members of the Jury corn.
ing up to the Foreman to contradict what he stated; when he
retired from the Grand-Jury room he tirades. complaint to some
persons outside, of the manner in which he had berm treated,
and he saw several outside the doors who said they had been
used very bad; he did not know their names ; lie objected to
the mode of the exainination.

The witness also mated, in answer to questions from Lord
HOTHAM, that he was in the habit of being on duty either at
the Castle or at the Phenix Park ; he went to the Theatre on
his own suggestion ; he held no particular conversation with
any of the household of the Lord Lieutenant; he was never
spoken to, either directly or indirectly, on the subject by I%lr.
Johnion ; he had leave of absence on account of ill health ; he
had been made a serjeant-inajor, but it was for prior good
conducthe was frequently in attendance on the
lord
tiea
iinr)
discharge of his duty. The witness was
4i (Hear,eutenin
then ordered to withdraw, and a person named O'llyan was
called in.
The witness stated in answer to questions by Mr. \Via.
LIAM, that he had been before the Grand Jury subseenently
to the riot in the theatre. He was before the Grand Jury on
the first of January, when the riot was inquired into; he was
examined on that occasion ;_ at first he was examined by
the
Foreman, but afterwards by two or three of the Jury at a time,
who started up with a yiew of shaking the testimony of the wit-
ness. lie felt it necessary eu make some observations on the
manner in which he was examined, and he stated to the Fore.
man that he was on a solemn oath as well as he was, and be felt
himself as perfectly sworn to the truth as the Members of the
Grand Jury ware. lie stated to the (;rand Jury, as a pert of
the particulars of his evidence, that the man who threw the
rattle had no spectacles, and was a sallow looking young man ;
he hail no doubt as to his appearance. lie was at first civilly
treated by the Grand Jury, but afterwards not ; on going out
he made a complaint to the witnesses outside of the manner in
which lie had been treated, and lie heard all the witnesses make
a similar complaint. He felt that the mode of examination
preventOd his fully and fairly giving his testimony.
In answer to questions by Colonel BARRY, the witness said
he was certain as to the identity of the person who threw the
rattle; he never heard that a person named Ormsby was ac.
cured of that act.
In answer to questions by Sir J. STEWART, he said he did
not know the juror, who stated that he deposed certain things
which were in his notes of the examination, but which the wit-
ness denied that he had stated. This evidence was before the
grand jury who found the bill in this case, but the, petty jury
pronounced a verdict of not guilty.
In answer to questions front Mr. BnowisLow, the witness
deposed that he saw Graham in the theatre. He (the witness)
was in the middle gallery on the fourth or fifth seat, and Gra-
ham was in the front seat of the upper gallery.
Mr. 6OULBLIRN here rose to order; he said he could not
see the relevancy of the questions just put, for he did not know
what the situation of the witness or Graham at the theatre had
to do.with the conduct of the grand jury, or with that of the
High Sheriff:
Mr. I.IIIOWNLOW said he was anxious to show that the
witness was in such a situation in the theatre as rendered it
quite impossible to see Graham, who was in the fourth row
of the upper gallery, while the witness was in the fifth row of
the lower gallery, and aliltimb-line having been let fall from
the position which the former occupied, fell upon the seat of the
latter.

Sir J. NEWPORT observed, that whether the evidence of
the witness eventually turned out to be true or false wait of no
moment to the inquiry, as it was manifest hia testtl mony had
been equally impeded by the grand jury,
After a few words from Mr. Blovouaat and Mr. GOUT..
DV RN, the witness proceeded.
He again deposed that he had seen George Graham in the
front seat of the upper gallery, when he threw the rattle. He
never heard that any witness deposed that he was in the fourth
or fifth seat. He saw him throw the rattle which struck the
Lord Lieusenant's box. ()n being asked wgether it was a vrea.
pon by which a man's life was likely to , be endangered ? be
observed, that it seemed to weigh about a pound and a half or
two pounds, and was flung with great force. lie did not weigh
it, but it seemed to him to be a dangerous piece of timber, when
he saw it after it bad fallen on the stage.
Mr. O'Reilly was again called in, anti in answer to questions
from Mr. S. /Ilex stated, that he had had a conversation witli.
Mr. Sheriff Cooper hist night, when he contradicted that part
of the statement made by Mr. O'Reilly of the former conver,f.
Ration between tbem, in which- Mr. Shotiff Cooper old tlptt
Sheriff' Thorpe had refused td put Mr. Poole on the Grand
Jury.
'l he next witness called was llichaid Moran. In ansieer-te

interrogatories from Mr. NOLAN, he stated, that he had been
before the Grand Jury in January last, but that as soon as
he had stated that he had seen persons rioting in the Theatre,
he was told that that would do, and was ordered to withdraw.
To questions put to himby Colonel BattitY, he replied, that
many witnesses had been previously examined, and that it was
probable the Grand Jury had heard the story before. •
Here the case against the Sheriff was closed; with the under-
standing that additional witnesses might be called, if neces-
sary, at a subsequent part of the inquiry.
Colonel BARRY, before he examined any witnesses on be-
half of the sheriff, requested the indulgence of the House, as
the examination on the other side almost was wholly conducted
by professional persons, against whom he was not qualified to
contend.—(Hear !)
The first witness examined was Nicholas Murray Mansfield.
In answer to questions by Cul. BARRY, he stated, that he
was.the Chief and only Clerk in the sheriff's-office at Dublin ;
that he remembered the making:out of the Grand Jury Panne'
in January last; that it was made out in the first instance by
Mr. sheriff Thorpe, anti afterwards submitted far the approba-
tion of the other sheriff; that the names upon it were men of
perfect respectability, and calculated to do Justice between the
Crown and the parties accused.
In reply to other interrogatories from various Members, the
witness stated that both the Sheriffs had expressed their opinion
that men of warm politics ought not to he on the jury ; that the
majority of the jury were moderate men; that Sir W. Smith,
but for illnesss would have been the foreman of the grand
jury ; that in 1822, Sir W. Smith was one of the sheriffs;
that Sir W. Smith was what was called in Dublin a conciliation
man ; that it was the usual course for the seb-sheriff to strike
the pannel, except in any particular case ; that Sir W. Smith
struck one of the panne)* of last year ; that during the nine
bears of his (the witness's) having been in office, there bad not
een a year in which a pannel had not been struck by a sheriff;
and that a new election of the Corporation of Dublin took place
in November lust, when great exertions were made to intro-
duce Members favourable to the dressing of the statue. I be- I
lieve that a list of 31 were selected from Common Councilmen,
as good men in bad times. [A list was here handed to wit-
nest). He thought that many of this list were recommended
as favourable to the dressing the statue.
Witness was desired to look at the figure at the head of the
list ? He said it represented the figure of King William standing
upon the emblem of the Lord Mayor, who was known to be on.
favourable to the dressing of the statue. With reference to the
terms "good men in bad times," witness believed that the words
" bad times" referred to the present, and not to any former times.
The name of Sutter was in the list ; he believed that all in the
list would be equally good men, f they could be got at ; lie
knew that seven of that pannel were returned on that jury. Did
not think a sworn Orangeman a fit person to be on that jury.
He knew a person named Lamprey, who was on that jury. Ile
had no reason to believe him an Orangeman ; he did not think
him (Lamprey) an improper person to be upon the grand jury,
because he did not know him to be an Orangeman ; he knew is
person named Cusack, and believed him to belong to the Orange
Lodge, No. 1640. He did not believe that he (Cusack) would
have been sworn upon the jury, had he been known to be an
Orangeman. Witness said the same with respect to Samuel
Lamprey, whom he also believed to be an Orangeman • he did
not believe that going round to the corporation would be the
hest way of getting Orangemen, for he did not believe that
many Orangemen belonged to the corporation. In his opinion,
the Sheriff had a pure intention in formir g the grand jury, as
he believed that that jury was impanelled for the purpose uf
administering impartial justice.
Were you applied to by any person on a former occasion to
return particular names upon the grand jury for a particular
purpose ?—Yes.
Were the names specified ?—A list of names was given tome.
When this application was made, what was your answer ?--
1 said. " whatever can be done for your friend shall be done."
Was it the uniform .practice to return persons who were ex-
pected to adniinistertiststice fairly ?—Yes.
Was nut the application made for the trial of Mr. O'Meara,
who was accused of a conspiracy ?—lt was.
Did you not feel indignant at is proposal of this kind ?—No,
such applications have frequently been made.
Do you know. any of the Hawes of the list given to you 2-1.
do not, I did not read any of them., ,
But you said what can be done for your friend shall be done,
without looking at any of the names ?—Witnetoi then went on to
state, that he had torn the list, that it was lost, and now could
not be procured. Ile could not tell the difference between the
pannel sworn, and the list given him. A Mr. George Butler
made the application to him. The bill wars ignored by the Grand
Jury. Did not know whether an applicatien had been made to
the Court of King's Bench for an information against O'Meara
in consequence of the conduct of the Grand Jury in Ignoring the
bills; he hail heard it stated here, and supposed it would not have
been stated unless it was true. Could not form a belief whether
the misconduct of the Grand Jury was the ground of the applica-
tion. Did not conceive the application of Mr. Butler was to
violate his sworn duty. This was not sworn, though it was a
sacred duty. A second application was made, and the answer
was that it could not be effected as Sheriff Thorpe had taken
the pannel into his own hands. Did not think this answer cal-
ciliated to cause a renewal of this application. The reason he
tore the list given to him was, he thought it the best way to
treat such a document. Did not consider it would be better to
have kept the list to prevent such persons from being on the
grand jury. NVould have considered it an insult if such an ap-
plication was made by a person who did not know !rim—
( Hear, hear !) Did not consider the ends of justice would have
been answered by prosecuting the person who made such an
application to him. These applications were frequently made.
Did not believe that any consideration was offered to any person
in the office in order to procure such return.
Ily Sir J. NEWPOILT—The practice has been to make KlTE-
cation to me to put particular individuals in the pannel. These
applications have been made to me by friends. Of course no
stranger would presume to make such a request.—AA laugh.)
By is MEatnr a—They selected men as like Mr. Sutter as
possible; he (Mr. S.) was not in the pannel.
By a MIE 3111 ER—I have seen various pannels,but the smallest
number I ever recollect on a pannel, was that on the list struck
by Mr. Sheriff Thorpe, consisting of 63. Ile chewed me the
pannel, but I did then remark on the comparative smallness of
the number upon it. I have never remembered 25 persons in
succession answering to their names. I should not consider
that, generally speaking, 50 was a eufficient number to be upon
the panne' ; but upon a question of this kind, a here there was
tin universal feeling in Dublin, the gentlemen summoned were
likely to attend.

Ry
Sir J. NEWPORT—Witnesi did not read this list, and
therefore knew not the names upon it ; neither could he say
whether any one of thern.was afterwards on the panne!. As he
now understood the meaning of Conciliation-men, Mr. Ex-
Sheriff Archer is, unquestionably, a Conciliation-man.
By Mr. S. Rice—Witness was acquainted with a Mr. W.
Carpenter • but did not know his situation in life; recently he,
understood he (Carpenter) had had some large contracts,
with Government. He believed he (Mr. C.) had served on
many former grand juries.
By Mr. C. CAI.VERT.-1 don't know whether Mr. Sheriff
Thorpe is an Orangeman. 1 should not know an Orangeman
if I were to see hint (A Wish), I cannot say whether or no,
in the year 1821, when the king wasexpected-to visit Dublin,
1 made out the pannel. Great solicitation. was made to be on
that Grand Jury, because they were expected to go up so the
King.
By Mr. NoLAN—The second application was made to me
by 'Mr. Butler, the same person who made the first. At the
first application some ono, I don't know who, was by ; but
nobody was by at the second application. It is perfectly pos.
bible that I may have said to AIL Butler, that the reason I
could not comply with his request was, that Mr. Sheriff Tli..rpe
had taken upon himself to make out the list, I have known
Roman Catholics put upon the panne!, but there was not one
upon the grand jury of 1823.
Colonel. BARRY said he was about to call stone of the
grand jury, but he, hoped, no question, would, be put, the an.
swer to which might be inconsistent with the oath of a grand

-51 r. IVETEIEItELL contended, that the !louse, in the
exercise of its inquisitorial wirer, had the right to put quo.
time to the grand jury as to whati had occurred in the jury
room.

,
Mr. R. 5,%11,TH said. the cue was ,ruled that grand jurors
were colliPelled to giro evitimce—there was an estwption to thakt
drift in tha oath.
___

Mr. NV WriIEREI.7., said the 'meaning of the oativ was,.
that the grand jury should not voluntarily disclose the secrets
of their roitn, but they were bound, and it ;was grir slitty%
' ordered In a court ofjlistiee,'lor in that 'louse, fithseloselho,e
Mr. WI agreed with the fintiourabie Menttbre. h*
should wish to see the question discussed in o full }louoe, 1

f S

cause he knew that persons of high authority entertained a dif,
Brent opinion.
_ _

After a few words from Mr. BANLES, Mr. WETIIERELL,
and Mr. flu [tar, •
Mr. GOCLBURN said that it was a question of conscienett
with the juryman, whether be should disclose tie secrets.
For his own part, if he were a witness placed at their bar, and
if he entertained a doubt on the subject, he would, at thei ha-
zard of their severe displeasure, refuse to give evidence.
Mr. ABERCROMBY thought that the juty were for the
benefit of the public bound to make the-disclosure—the oath ot-
a
i
.
a grand juror did not throw any inpedupent in the way.
Mr. GREY RENNET thought it would he unjust to the
grand jury to prevent them at the bar of that House from ex-,
plaining their conduct.
After a few words from Mr. RICARDO and Mr. S'iltEgi
Colonel BARRY said that the foreman, Sir George Whit=
ford, was ready to be examined. He had no great scruples.—;
(A laugh.)—He was anxious, however, to know the nit ion of
the House on the point.
After some desultory conversation, it was agreed that the,
members of the grand jury should not be called for the present,
.John Jackson was then called, but be was not forthcoming.
Sir George Whitford was then called in and examined. He
was foreman of the grand jury that threw out the bills. Wit_
ness is not an Orangeman; lie did not conceive that he la,
boured under the strong party feelings which agitated Dublin.
He thought it would he for the benefit of Ireland that concilia-
tion should prevail between all her inhabitants. The.granif
jury got the bills at two o'clock, they remained considering of
them till five, and from ten to four o'clock the next day._
Witness was named foreman by Sheriff Thorpe, three week*
before the riot at the Theatre. Witnos never saw a set
of men more anxious to discharge their duty than were the
grand jury in the case in question. Witness saytno party
feeling amongst the grand jury., if it had he would undoubtedly
endeavour to suppress it. NI itness heard of a reported conver-
sation as to some expressions said to have fallai from Mr. She-
riff' Thorpe, touching the formation. of the Jury. Witness
asked Sheriff Thorpe whether he had made use of the words
imputed to hint, because if he had he (Witness) would not serve
on the jury; he pledged his honour that he' never made use of
the expression. One of the body of grand jury acted as se-
cretary.
In answer to Mr. trinaTTart —Witness was at Sheriff Smith's
dinner; he did not hear the " Glorious and Immortal memory's
given at that dinner.
To Mr. RIcE—A great diversity of opinion prevailed in Dub-
lin with respect to preventing the dressing of the Statue. Wit.
ness's feeling was, that cause of irritation ought to be avoided;
irritation was caused by preventing the Statue front being
dressed. Witness was one of those who blamed the authort,
tics for prevented the Statue froM being dressed ; he did nut
think the preventing it a judicious measure ; he expressed his
feelings to that effect. It was a matter of general notoriety thst
the riot at the theatre grew out of the irritation caused by Go-
vernment preventing the dressing of the Statue; witness
thought the thing was likely.
Then you had feelings similar to those who excited the riots
at the theatre ? 1 did not say that, • - • • •
Col. BARRY observed that questions such as that which
had been put were assumptions of facts not proVed, of infercn-
ces instead of questions as to fact.
[The NOM Course of examination was pursued for some time,
to draw from the witness an admission that be participated in
the feelings of the rioters, but it was abandoned without lead,
ing to any result.]
Mr. JONES—Are you a Member of the Amicable Society in
Dublin P—Yes.

What are the principles of that Society ?-Loyalty to the
King and Constitution.

Vie there many Members of Orange Lodges also Members
of that Society 9-1 do not know that there are.
Are there any Catholics Members 9-1 do not know any.
1)o you drink the Glorious and Immortal Memory ?—Ves.
What are the rules ?—I really do not know ; 1 have been a
very short time a Member.
The witness, in answer to various other questions,' stated
that he was not acquainted with the Hardwickes. He had
been at Sheriff Thorpe's dinner and drank " the glorious and
immortal memory ;" that toast had been drank as long as he
could recollect at -all corporation dinners ; he did not know
that it was calculated to promote conciliation. ' Mr. Sheriff
' Thorpe made a speech at this dinner; witness did not hear any
part of it.
On this point the witness underwent a long eross-elamina-
tion by Mr. Ilaotrunam.—The room he said was very large,
and the noise great ; and he was not near the Sheriff, and -he
could' not hear any thing said either by the Sheriff or by the
Lord Mayor, but he read them the next morning in the pa_
pers. lie really could not tell whether the Sheriff stood; allot
he spoke, on the floor; or the chair ur the table, but he sup-
posed on the floor, because sheriffs generally stood un the flour.
In answer to questions by Mr. PLUNKETT, witness said
that he thought the interference of the Government to pre-
vent the dressing of the statue, not judicious, and that it wits
very proper for any one who thought so had a right to exprese
his opinion to that effect, and that it was not fair- to punish any
one merely for expressing approbation or disapprobation, by
clapping or hissing at a •theatre.
In answer to questions by Mr. INOUGHAIN, as to the mode
of forming the grand jury, he stated that it was usual for one
of the shetiffs (taking for this purpose quarter• and quarter
about) to select the grand jury from the great pannehand to sub-
mit the list to the other sheriff for his approbation, and then to
send it back to the sub-sheriff to be engrossed.' This he- saiii
was the usual practice, but being questioned as to'his means of
knowing the usual practice, he stated that he had ofhis own
knowledge known nothing of the sheriff's office but durtng the
time that he served as sheriff.' that in that time about 14 grand
juries were summoned. In half of that number of times he had
chosen the jury in the manner stated, with the exception of once
or twice when the sub-sheriff brought him the list Whichhe had
approved of. How his colleague proceeded in the other seven
cases he did not know.

In answer to questions by other Members, he said he bad
never served on a more respectable jury than that of January
last. He was one of those who wished to see the dressing of the
statue. discontinued. Ile had heard that formerly the Lord
Mayor, and even the Lord Lieutenant, used to ride.round ;he
. statue of King William, and the garrison of Dublin. toPtiride
about it on the 4th November. So the honours paid .to: the
monarch had declined. lie did not blew how long this prite.,
-ace had been discontinued. Ile had never attempted to pre-
vent the dressing of the statue.
Mr. Thomas T'svyeross was next called, and examined in
chief by Col. BARRY.
Ile stated that he was a jeweller and goldsmith in Itablin,
and had represented. the goldsmiths' guild in 'the Common
Council. lie was a native of England. Ila was a member of
the grand jury in January last, He was not an Orangeman.
lie should be very happy to see Catholic Emancipation carried,
it' it could he done with propriety—(a laugh); he meant, by
" propriety;" if it could be accompanied with securities against
inroads on our constitution in Church and State, In his opinion
it was the wish of the grand jury to do justice by a patient in-
vestigation.—The witness then withdrew..
The next witness called was Joseph Henry Moor, who shank
that he was a stock-broker,: and agent t 6 an Insurance OtEue.
He was one of the grand jury,
.acrd took noteliOn that tiecaidon,
as well as others of the grand jury, ,and neither waiknor evtr
had been connected with any Orange Institution. He did nut
see that any person was trow-beat, or forced out the room,
while giving hi* evidence. In all there were 2'y wain:Lies ex-
ainined before the grand jiiry.
.•
Mr. Jousts asked the witness whether the grand jury did nut
prevent one individual from giving his evident* because be did
not know the name of a person engaged in the riot, though he
had learned it afterwards ?

The witness answered,. that that waa a secret which he was
bound by his oath as a juryman- not to disclose..
A discussion then arose as to whether the tiOltile had apower
to absolve Jurymen from .such an obligation fur the fortheranee
of justice. -
Mr. SPRIN(I RICE objected to the impropriety of pro-
ceetli,ng with the examination of witneaset who 4,0u1d not be
cresol-examined to thelacist extent. • '
Mr. 00U1,1113.1.5i` thought it was a qvlemtitke which ought to
be reservwi for decision, sing suggestol that the cvidenct, which
it involved should be strueit out. n. :
was on
ousliwihtOichUtOt
betienretruurrieetia,ibauttliloltob
jecteatrtg.,iithatbrfethoidt
cpre rking
outror the evidence. coneludecl with moving that the
,Chairstota.ahould ratant progreses and ask for leave to tit spin.
Aft et .sorne ther obvert tiong.: from Mr. A barat3ethy, Sir
.f. Newport, Mr. Ntrethendl, Mr: V. '..Eitsgetithisia abit.-Coorts.
nay, thellouse having resumed, ,the. Chairman reported pro-
gress, and olit,aitted,leava to sit 4104.1)44-1nunt141,...
ileac other ordars.of tbe,Day. Neils *tiln,diimstiaocAnd the
Roust adjourned at a qua' tvr to ONi u'CK,ocs this moiniPt.
