Ett Sun
v

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, APRIL 20, 1830.

THE KING'S NEU-TH.

Up to three o'clock this afternoon no Bulletin
of his MAJESTY'S health had been received, and
we were informed from authority that it was ex-
pected the KING'S Physicians would not issue one
to-day. The reports respecting the R ING'S health
are various ; but, after making every inquiry, not
being able to satisfy ourselves alto their cor-
rectness, Ise refrain from further noticing them.

Summonses were issued this morning for
holding a Cabinet Council to-morrow at the
Foreign Office.

Despatches were received at the Foreign
Office this morning, from our Ambassador at

Berlin.

The Paris Pape►:s of Sunday had not arrived
on our going to press. The Funds of Saturday
were as follow :

Fiume!' FuNns.—PARIS, APRIL 17.—Five per Cents., 106 f. 10c.
sc. ; Four-and-a-Half tier Cents., 105 f. 60c. ; Three per Cents., 8.3 f.
65c. 60c. 65c. 70c. 65c. 70c.; Bank Stock, 1,910 f. 1,912 f. 50c. ;
Rentes de Naples, 93f. 60c. 70c. ; Rented d'Espagne, 15.% ;
Royal Spanish Loan, 90!, 14, ; Rentes Perpetuelle d'Espagne,
79% %; Haytian Loan, 5-40 f. 545 E—Exchange on Lonoon,
One month (paper), 25f. 65c. ; three months (paper), 4f. 50c.—
Ours Authentivie.

The following intelligence we extract from
;he Allgemeine Zeitung of the 14th inst.:—

ROME, APRIL S.
Loa night died Cardinal Giallo Maria della Summaglia,
Dean of the Sacred College, Prime .i,ishop of Villetri and
Ostia, Vice-Chancellor and Librarian, High Priest of the
Lateran, Secretary of the Supreme College of the Holy
Office, Prefect of the Holy Congregation. dcl Riti Q Cere-
monie, Knight of the Order of St. Annunziatia, &c. He
was born at Piacenza the 29th July, 1742, and was de-
scendtd from one of the moat distinguished families of the
country. Pius VI. raised him to the dignity of Cardinal
June 1, 1795. He was afterwards one of the party that
formed an opposition to the administration of Cardinal
Gonsalvi, and became Secretary of State under Leo XII.;
notwithstanding his advanced age lie executed a ith the
greatest activity the duties of that high office, and was in
all respects a man distinguished by multifarious know-
ledge, who was generally esteemed. He is said to have
left a fortune of 600,000 seudi, which he has bequeathed
to the Propaganda. The Pope will not this year perform
the usual formalities at Easter, but only give the bene-
diction. Immediately after Easter his Holiness will take
up his residence in the Quirinal Palace, the air of which
is considered by phyiiicians to be more salubrious.

FROSt SILISTRIA, APRIL 2.
That instaneea of secession :rem the Catholic to the
Protestant church are so frequent in Silistria, that they
are hardly spoken of unless the parties are of some conse-
quence, as is asserted in an article from Berlin, in Number
S 7 of the Allgemeine Zeitung, is not indeed correct, but
it cannot be denied that each secessions do occur, and we
must add with regret that the number of Catholics who
are indifilaent not only to the Catholic religion, but to
every christian church, is continually increasing. The
chief cause is the decay (which commenced in the last
century) of the theological faculty at Breslau, the only
source from which the Catholic Students of Divinity are
used to derive instruction (their number is now 250).
The deficiencies of the faculty have become still greater
since the transfer of the University of Frankfort to Bres-
lau, for up to that time it was at least pretty completely
tilled ; but at present it is reduced to two active ordinary
Professors, who have not now any literary reputation. The
extraordinary Professor cannot be taken into the account;
the influence of the exertions of Professor Dereser was
transitory and partial, yet at his funeral Professor N.
observed, " Catholic Divinity at Breslau is now going
to be buried." This was three years ago, and yet
nothing has been done for it, which is the more
surprising, as on the one hand the Catholics have
no theological faculty in all the Eastern provinces
of the Prussian dominions (for Braunsburg is not wo: th
mentioning), and on the other hand the faculty is
maid to possess a fund of its own of 6,000 dollars. The
Professorship of Philosophy for Catholics was filled up
only last year, and there has been no Catholic Professor
of Iliatory since 1811, when the Catholic Professor, who
filled that chair, was pensioned, though his lectures were
by co means bad. The Catholic Students are, there-
fore, obliged to attend the lectures of a Protestant Professor
of this branch of learning. But he who is acquainted
with the manner of teaching history in modern times, and
especially in Germany, knows very well that there is no
easier mode of making the Christian youth unfaithful to
their church than by causing them to study the history of
the middle ages 'and of modern times under a Pro-
fessor of a different confession. This may suffice at
present for a general explanation of tire facts that have
been noticed. In a short time a work will be published,
in which the external and internal causes of the doctrine
of the Catholic Church in Silesia, in the middle of the
last century, will be circumstantially developed ; as igno-
rance of them has led to many unjust judgments on the
Catholic Church in general, and that every body may see
to whom we ought to impute the blame or the merit of
the seeesssion and the lukewarninets of the Catholics in
Silesia, perhaps the author may be able to give a list of
all those who have gone over to the Protestant Church
since the beginning of this century, with the history of
their secession.
VIENNA, Anal I.7.—llletalliques, 104; Four per Cents.,
99i ; Bank Shares, 1,376 3-sths.
VIENNA, APRIL B.—Metalliquei, 1 03/ ; Bank Shaw,
1,882.

The Hamburg Papers of the 16th and 17th
nst. contain the information which we now

subjoin :

CARLSEMIIII, APRIL 9.

The crown of Bavaria has confined itsA on the az•
cession of our Grand Duke Leopold to the simple presen-
tation of a protest for the assertion of its pretended rights
to the Palatinite of the Rhine. The soldiers on furlough
who were culled in, have accordingly been sent back to
their houses on the interment of the late Grand Duke.

FRANKFORT, APRIL 12.

Dr. C. Nonne, one of our must eminent physicians, has
received from his Royal Highness Prince Leopold of Saxe
Coburg a very flattering autograph letter, iuviting him to

accompany l,is Royal . Highness, on very advantageous
terms, to Greece, as his domestic physician. 'We hear
that the very learned Doctor A. Kirchder, Coun-
sellor of the Consistory, and principal preacher at
St. Catherine's church in this city, has also received a flat-
tering invitation to accompany his Royal Highness to
Greece, to make researches relative to the arts and an-
tiquities in that country, under the protection of the new
Government, and at the same time to till the office of
Court chaplain.

PERA, MARCH 11.
Thirty horses lades with money left this place yester-
day for Bourgas, carrying 400,000 ducats as the second in-
stalment of the sum stipulated by the Treaty of Adria-
nople, for the indemnity of the Russian subjects ; many of
the exiled Armenian families returned hither last
week, but have reason to regret their haste, as provisions
are very dear, and their poverty is great. Even daring
the blockade of the Dardanelles, provisions (except bread)
were never so dear as at this moment, so that even
families in good circumstances are embarrassed. To this
is to be added, that a new tax is in contemplation, by
which some thousand piastres are to be paid monthly on
every oven for permission to bake and sell bread.

NYOLTENBUTYLL, PAIL 10.

The night of the Sth instant was near proving fatal to
our noble library. The buildings of a very extensive tan-
yard, only 39 paces from it, and directly connected with it
by the residence of the librarian, were burnt down. The
wind which was moderate, and south-east, drove the
dames in the opposite direction, where a row of build-
ings, inhabited by poor people, was buint. The fire,
which seems to bare been the work of an incendiary, made
at first great and inconceivable progress against the faint
wind, and only great exertions saved the library, the
manuscript treasures of which were packed up. The
fire is now wholly extinguished. Twelve buildings, large
and small, were burnt down.

ItORSIN-HALLE, APRIL 16.

, .
HALF- tAiT FOUR o'cLocx.—Our Wheat market im-
proved during the week, in consequence of favourable in-
telligence from England. Fine heavy upland grain, was
eagerly bought for exportation, and holders are beginning
to demand higher prices. For grain of inferior quality,
there is no demand whatever. For Rye, there is but little
demand, and only small parcels are to be disposed of to our
own consumers. Barley and Oats, if of good quality,
continue saleable; as also Rapeseed, of which our supply
is small. During the nine first days of April, 85 cargoes
of corn passed through the Sound. Of these, nine were
bound for British, ten for Dutch, four for French, and
eleven for 'Northern ports; of the remaining vessel the
destination was not known.

Weight. fix dollars.
Dantzic Wheat 122 to 12(1 to
Poznerani.an 124 to 128 110 to 116
Anhalt, white ll9 to 124 118 to 125
red 122 to 128 119 to 125
Danish
Dantzic Rye HI to 122.-- 60 to 64
Upland 116 to 123 6O to 64
Danish 116 to 120 53 to 55
51 agdeburgh Barley 99 to 104...... 55 to 58
Anhalt 99 to 104 55 to 5H
Danish 94 to 102...... 10 to 44
Ifecklenburgh Oats 66 to 74 37 to 42
Danish 66 to 75 26 to 30
Pomeranian Malt —to 50 to 54
Pease, yellow, Upland
Holstein Rapeseed —to 160 to 169

The rise in Berlin and Vienna Las operated faiourably
here, and business to a large amount has been done during
the last few days.

End of April.
Anglo-Danish Loan 3 per Cent 74%
Anglo-Russian Loan lOT?<,
Ilamburg-Russian Loan lO4
Polish Bonds I3IN
New Prussian 4 per Cents. (1830) —
Austrian Bank Shares 15..4
Austrian Metalliques lO3
New Austrian 4 per Cents 98.4
Anglo Neapolitan
Falconets AN
Portin,uese
Greei, 13:?5 Wa
Exchange upon London, at two months
at sight ..... ...... 13 14%
Amsterdam, at two months, 35 48-100
Paris ... ...... at two mouths, 18611
.
.1) 4t-lGths.

A confirmation of the capture of the English
merchant ship by Don IVIIGuEL's squadron has
been received this morning. She proves to be
the Mary Ann, from Gibraltar, which had orders
to call at Fayal to learn the state of the markets
there. She would be sent into Lisbon for the
case to be decided by the Admiralty Court.

The Colombian Congress, as will be seen by
the subjoined extracts, have refused to accept
the resignation of BOLIVAR, announced in his
recent proclamation. We hope that this great
man is not coquetting with the feelings of the
people, whom his master-mind has freed from
slavery. He is one of the very few characters
whose name and actions are deservedly dear to
the friends of liberty, and who cannot therefore
afford to do a frivolous or unworthy action.
WASHINGTON should be the object of his
imitation, not CasAn, in his more coxcombical

momenta :
" Since unfortunate events have rendered it manifestthat the constitution of Colombia is not sufficient to se-
cure the respect due to the Government and
i the mainte-
nance of union among citizens, its reform s considered
necessary, but as the education of the people cannot be
accomplished without some painful experiments, that of
Ocana was of the most disastrous kind—it had nearly
proved fatal, and Colombia would doubtless have bee,
erased from the list of nations, had not the people reani-
mated the expiring country by confiding to your hands a
vigorous authority that you might be the means of repress-
ing evil and convoking the national representation when
you should consider that measure necessary. "
Before that convocation took place Colombia and you
have experienced some severe frowns of fortune; but Di-
vine Providence has been pleased to preserve you both
from the threatening dangers. But your valuable life
being wonderfully and happily saved, and a glorious peace
with a. fraternal nation, which unfortunately had become
an enemy, being at last concluded, all the friends of Co-
lombia have been encouraged to hope that on the meeting
of the Congress of 1830, under the shade of the laurels
gathered in those fields where independence was WOO, and
the national dignity confirmed, that assembly will have the
good fortune to put the seal to the public felicity by giving
to the country institutions dictated by experience, suited
to its wants, and founded on the popular will. The rash
enterprise of a gallant General, though it for a moment
darkened the horizon of our hopes, demonstrated at the
same time, that the people wish for order and tranquillity;
—when they appear unreasonable, it is because those in-
stigate them who desire to make tools of them to satisfy
their own ends and passions.
" The Constituent Congress, in commencing its labours,
relies on your support, and with you regrets that the Junta
of an illustrious city should have exceeded the bounds
which the legal object of its meeting prescribed. Never-
theless, the Congress trusts that due reflection will con-
vince all citizens that the general welfare requires there to
respect the decisions of the national sovereignty, especially
when they are founded on the interests and will of the ma-
jority, and have for their end the felicity of the Colombiasi
people.
" Faithful to the fundamental law of Colombia, the
Congress will not deviate from what it prescribes respect-
ing the compact of union and the form of government.—
It belongs to the Chief of the Executive to cause the forner
to be respected ; and the Congress to determine respecting
the latter. In cementing the empire of our institutions
the national representation will consult the events of ocr
history, examine the wants of the Republic, and will en-
deavour to fulfil by all possible means what the general
interest, as well as local interests, requires, deriving
advantage from the melancholy but salutary lessons of
experience. In establishing the legal authority upon a
solid basis, the Congress will endeavour to give to the na-
tion all possible securities against despotism and against
anarchy, in order that those who have laboured so ar-
duously to create for themselves a country may not look for
their work in vain.
" But if you abandon us at this moment, the devour-
ing monster of anarchy will find food in Colombia. You
have solemnly promised to exercise the supreme authority
until the Congress promulgate the Constitution, and ap-
point the magistrates of the state. If, on the one hand,
what you owe to Colombia and to yourself present power-
ful obstacles to your abdication of the Presidency of the
Republic, the Congress, on the other hand, is in a situ-
ation which readers its acceptance of that resignation
absolutely impossible,
i because your promise is compre-
hended in the law of its creation, and it is bound religi•
llto respect. With respect to your reputation, it
cannotoasis
suffer in the least from the calumnies of your
detractors ; the existence of this assembly is a victorious

reply to all their assertions. Continue, then, to preserve
Colombia from the horrors of anarchy. Leave her kr a
legacy the consolidation of her laws, and your ramp,
already immortal, will appear still more resplendent and
pure in the pages of history, when it shall be therein re-
corded that you sacriiced every thing to the happiness of
your country."

Our City Correspondent says, " It is gene-
rally understood that within the last few days
the number of dissentients to the conversion
of the Four per Cents. has much increased, oc-
casioned by the decline in the public securities
from the illness of his MAJESTY. It is said
that the amount of the dissentients exceeds two
millions—indeed, by some it has been given at
as much as six millions ; but the former is be-
lieved to be nearer the real amount. Should
there not be a more favourable report ere the
day for closing the books, which will be done by
the 25th instant, the number of those dissenting
from the conversion, it is more than probable,
will be so increased as to form a very serious
obstacle to the completion of the plan of the
Finance Minister, for a decline in the value of
stock must be looked for ; and many of those
who have hitherto withheld their dissent, from
the slight probability that in the common course
of events any fall would take place, and who
were unwillingly acceding by their silence to a
measure which they saw no chance of profitably
refusing, will without doubt take advantage of
circumstances and of the different position in
which they are now placed, and refuse to ac-
cept those terms which, in any case, necessity
only would have induced them to accede to. At
present the price of the Four per Cents. has
varied but slightly, the quotations being 1011
102, but there is a degree of heaviness in
the market, and a very trivial event in
the present ticklish state of things would
evidently create a serious deterioration.. /n
the meantime the party operating in support
of the conversion scheme are using their
influence to prop up the stocks until the
closing of the books; and thus Consols, which
on the appearance of the extremely vague Bulle-
tin of yesterday dropped to 92k, are now (twelve
o'clock) at 92a. for Money, and 92i for the
Account. The most gloomy forebodings are
current here, and the report is strongly prevalent
that his MAJESTY labours under a dangerous
pressure of water on the brain."

It is much to be hoped that the tranquillity of
Germany may not be disturbed by the disputes
between Bavaria and the Grand Duchy of
Baden ; nor is it, on the whole, very probable,
on account of the support given and held out to
the Margrave LEOPOLD of Baden by the great
European Powers. The territory claimed by the
King of BAVARIA, as a recompense for the
possessions in the Palatinate and the Tyrol
ceded by him, was confirmed to Baden by the
treaty of Vienna, and promises of assistance
have subsequently been given to the present
Grand Duke by both Russia and Prussia, i❑
ease of an invasion of his dominions by his
Bavarian neighbour.
'Whether Russia, Prussia, and Great Britain
have acted justly in guaranteeing this disputed
territory to Baden, is perhaps soinewhat doubt-
ful, but it is at any rate obvious that Austria,
who was the party for whose benefit the cession
of territory was made by Bavaria, and who by
the treaty of Rued, made on the Bth October,
1813, covenanted that Bavaria should succeed to
the disputed lands in the event of the death of
the then Grand Duke without legitimate issue,
and agreed in the meantime to pay to Bavaria a
considerable tribute, has committed a breach of
faith in subsequently guaranteeing those lands to
another sovereign. The King of BAVARIA has
good reason to complain of the treatment he has
received, and though internal warfare is prohi-
bited by the laws of the Germanic Confederation,
there has perhaps rarely arisen a case in which
hostilities have been more justifiable by inter-
national law, than those which his Bavarian
Majesty now threatens.
The legitimacy of the Margrave LEOPOLD,
in the ordinary acceptation of that term, does not
appear to be maintained on either side. He is
the fruit of a morganatic marriage, an institution
which gives to the wife and the issue of a Ger-
man Prince all connubial and filial rights, except
those derived from the rank of the husband
They arise from the necessity which the royal or
reigning German families are under to inter-
marry with other reigning families, and not with
subjects, enjoying at the same time the privilege
of legally marrying their subjects in this mor-
ganatic manner. The origin of the term is
this. A custom prevails in Germany for the
husband to make the wife a present on the
morning after the bridal night, which appears to
have descended from remote antiquity, since
TACITUS (de moribus Gernzanorum), says
" Doter: non uxor 7narito, sed uxori maritus
" Ofert," and it is accordingly not the practice
Ifor the wife to make the husband any return.
This custom is not observed by Sovereign
families on their marriages, and hence the dis-
tinction among such families between a fully le-
gitimate marriage, and one called morganatic,
where a present is made to the wife the next
morning, after the custom of the people. The
word morganatic is dog Latin, and derived from
the German morgen, the morning. This will
explain the nature of the marriage between the
late Grand Duke of BADEN and the Countess
Of HOCHBERG, the mother of the Margrave

LEOPOLD. The King Of PRUSSIA lately
married morganatically, and the custom is one
both reasonable in itself,.and of very beneficial
influence on the conduct of royal families.

THU FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWIILTZ O'CLOCIC

Accounts have bean received at Bordeaux from the Idle
of Bourbon, of the 17th January, stating that the river
had become impracticable owing to the heavy falls of rain,
which caused numbers of accidents. The cea also became
stormy, and the shipping were obliged to take shelter in
the roads. Accounts were received of the loss of three
vessels. several have been damaged.

Letters from Madrid state that St. Priest had sent uff
a courier to Paris, with a letter to his Catholic Majesty,
and another for his Neapolitan Majesty; also one for the
Dushess de Berri. It is reported they are to appease
the discontent which the future succession to the Throne
of Spain has caused.
. _

II formation from St. Petersburgh states that important
negociations are still going forward on the subject of an
exchange of territory, which Halil Paella is charged to
offer to Russia in exchange for the contibution of the war.
The news of the French expedition against Algiers caused
an agreeable sensation in the above capital, and ao doubt
was entertained that it would succeed. It Was reported
that the Russian Cabinet had made au offer to France to
assist bar in that object, and that part of the Russian fleet
was to remain in the Mediterranean. The Duke of
Illontemarte was to be the bearer of this offer to France.

Amulets from central ♦merica state, that persecutions
had somewhat diminished, but they still continued against
the richer classes, and the war continued in Honduras, and
was carried on with great cruelty. The Federal Legis-
lature, convened for the 15th December, had been un-
able to resuscitate the impoverished treasury, and rival
projects of the different states every day increased. Nica-
ragua is in the most frightful anarchy, and is completely
ruined.
