SPAIN

The following Mdress has been ci+culaied in
Spain !---
" Spaniards-! It is not necessary: to occupy
your time in reminding you of the events of the
two.:ast months nor to call your at,ention to
the state in Which-Tout-enemies at present are.
" Listen to the relation's given by the great
number of priioners and deserters- from theh'iarMy
'who_ daily arrive here ; hear the details --of: the
miseries snffered by those who Confiding in-French
promises, have followed the vagabondwfortimes
of
the Usurper, who ,has been eix.pclied fi4in the
capital of the Monarchy ; hear them, -Irdut • the
Nary mouth of his domestics. .and ,retinne, who
have bad the good sense to abandon -that scene
frof 'desolation ;---and if - the niisfortithes of your
oppressors can mitigate the feelings arising from-
those evils which they hare Made you Suffer, you
will have abundant Motives for consolation. But
still much remains-to be • done, in order to conso-
lidate and secure the advantages already obtained.
It ought to be clearly and distinctly understood
that this pretended King is an Usurper', whose
anth9rity every Spaniard is bound to resist; that
every Frenchman is an enemy, against whom every
Spaniard is bound to raise his arm.
‘c Spaniards, recollect that your enemies cannot
resist long, and that -they must necessarily aban-
donrthis country when you withstand the fulfil-
meat of their requisitions for. provisions and Juo-
ney,in every instance where they are not at:coin-
paniedby superior force. Let every individual be
impressed with the conviction that ize is bound by
every means to avoid affording any sort of aid to
the enemy of his country ; and thus acting, the
perfidious Usurper will find himself under the ne-
cessity of completely and disgra.cefully evacuating
a country which helms entered with the 'sole view
of 'roPery and pillage ; lud in which lie haS been
able to remain, only because its inhabitants have
•
submatted to obey his orders, .and to provide for
his wants.
." Spaniards !_ rise in opposition to this odious
'tyranny ; and where you can do nothing else, re-
move with'your remaining effects; yOur provisions-,
and every thing that can contribute to enable
your cruel enemy to render your slavery of longer
duration ; and if you are destitute of the means
of conveyance, conceal your property in places
where French rapacity, shall not find it. Thus
shall you be independent and happy !"

The following letter front Malta doubtless als
ludes to the reported phenomenon -which we late-
ly noticed itt an article, entitled, " Israel in
Trouble," hut the scene of the miracle is here
laid in a different quarter :---="lhave to acquaint
you'of a Phenomenon which has appeared at Da-
maseus, in Syria, id April Inst. A pillar of ,fire,
of an immense light, was seen towards the East,
and' remained in view three days and nights,
during:which time no sun, moon, or stars, Were
seen, yet the light was sufficient for seeing any
object; - This has given rise to many conjectures
among :learned men 'in the place: The Nile has
risen two months before the usual tijrie."
The following anecdote is related by Monsieur
Chateaubriand
" The national character," says he, " cannot
be extinguished. Our seamen have a saying, that
in founding new colonies, the Spaniards begin
With building a church, the English a tavern, and
the French a fort, and, I would add, a ball-room.
When I was in America, on the frontiers of the
country of the Savages, 1 was informed, that in
the next day's journey 1 should meet with a coun-
tryman of mine among 'the Indians. On my ar-
rival among the' Cayougas, a tribe belonging to
the Troquois-nation, my guide conducted me, into
a forest. In the midst of this forest stood a kind
of barn, in which I found about a score of sa-
vages,' of both sexes, bedaubed like conjurors,.
with their bodies half naked, their ears cut into
figures, ravens' feathers on their heads, and rings
passed through their nostrils. A little French-
man, powdered and frizzled in the old fashion, in
a pea-green coat, a drugget waistcoat, muslin
frill and ruffles, was scraping away on his kit, and
making these Troquois dance to the tune of Made-
lon Ffiquet. M. Violet, for that was his name,
followed the profession of dancing-master among
the savages, by whom he was paid for his lessons
in beaver skins and bears' hams. He had been a,
scullion- in the service of General- Rochantheau
during the American war, but remaining at New
York after the return of the French army, he re-,
solied to give the Americans instruction in the
fine arts. His views having enlarged with his
success, the new Orpheus resolved to introduce cis
yilization even among the roving hordes of the
New World. In speaking to me of the
be always styled them,—" Ces Ilidsieurs Sauvage.9,
and Ces Dains Sauvagos." He bestowed great
praise on the agility of his scholars, and in truth
never did I witness such gambols in my life. . M.
Violet, holding his fiddle between. his chin and his
breast, tuned the fatal instrument he then cried
.out in Troquois, " To your place# r. and. the
;whole troop fell a capering like.a band; of'demons.
I Such is the genius of nations l"
On Wednesday Thomas Benney, Midshipman
of the -press-gang stationed at Greenock, was
brought before the Magistrates of that place, for
wantonly filing a musket, supposed to be charged
with ball, among the spectators witnessing the
scene, while in the act-of impressing a man upon
one of the quays. After a long and interesting
examination, in which, the fact was fully proved,
and from which it clearly appeared that no at-
tempt. had been made by the spectators to circum-
vent the prisoner in the pursuance of his duty, or
to rescue the person impressed,'he was addressed
'by the Chief -lagitaate in a most able and elo-
quent speech ; he Was reminded that the service
in which he had been engaged was one that vested
considerable power in his hands, which power he
had wantonly exceeded ; that it was a service
which required him to blend the feelings of the
man with the authority of the officer, but these
feelings be had trampled upon and disregarded.—
Bentley was brought up on Thursday, and sen-
tenced to thirty days confinement in Bridewell,
and 'before liberation to find caution against- such
unwarrantable conduct in time to come.

'AGRICULTURAL REPOra

FOR SEPTEMBER.

The latter harvest in the northern counties has
at length:been well got in, and the Wheat crop
is likely to prove the best which they have knoWu
for some cars past:,
The Oats also ►intiCh exceed their
,general aver-
age crop. The Wheats early and hastily housed
in the home and
.eastern districts do
,not, from
what "has alreaily been threshed, promise to , rise
well, and are complaird of by the inillerS as be-
ing $o cold as to require a considerable portion of
old dry Wheat to
.break with them. • "

Upon.thehills in Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire-,
and Wiltshire, large breadths of wheat are already
sown ;. but most districts the Clover leys and Bean
and Pea eddi'shes are broken up . with great diffi-,
enity, so that- the seed cannot be generally got
into them, until rain fall sufficient to make theta
work.

Clover Seed falls, short of the crop expected, on
account of the maggot tha.ok the bead after

bloom.

Potatoes, in all parts, are the largest crop ever

grown.
The • Turnip seed promises to be abundant
throughout Suffolk and Norfolk.
Flops in the Farnham and most of the Kentish
gardens, will not produce-above a third; in Here-
for:N.ll4re and N,Vbrcestershire they expect more
than half an average crop.
ne. Meat markets have had a plentiful supply
of a!i kinds through the mluth, several score of
fat beasts being turned oyt at'Smithfield last Mon-
day, for want of buyers; and at St. Ives, the next
largest rpart •iu 'England, the 'graziers experienced
heavy sales on-the smile day.
The, abundance of latter grass I:eeps up the
prices of store Sheep,. as well as :lean Beast.
The Wool Markets area brisk, and long Ileeces
are advanced, from - a 'renewal of our cominerial
intercourse with 'ltussia and Sweden.

A Pigeon Club, similar to that established :*t
the the Old fiats, .has beck formed at Southall, Mid-
dlesex. -The members consist of some of the first
shots in Englandi, and on the last Meeting day the
average killing was 18 from-21, bota-ecn. Messcst,
Clark (a gun-maker), and Atkinson.
• A melancholy accident,' happened. on Monday
morning, ,the to the:son.of Mr.!..John
lington, a well-known and much--reSpected trainer.'
ofblood -horses, of SidebotttotrrStables, on the
wrest of Delaniere: Robert Billirigton; a4ed
about 14 years, was tieing Mr. -Shaw's h. f. by
Sir Oliver, against three others, when the .filly an-
fcrtunately fell as she was on full speed, and her
rider was so,Much injured, that , he qlied on the
following day. He was .ayouth of. the most pro-
raising talents and amiable.
disposition: The filly
.
,was nit hurt.

On Tuesday se'nnight, as five men who had 1)• en
out at sea. catching herrings; were returning %Vita
their boat deeply laden, when opposite fitLy
Jsland Castle, it unfortuna.teiy shinped a sea, and-
upset ; three-, of the men were' drowned. ; the two
others ,were salad by clinging to the bottom of
the boat until picked up. Tile men drowned-be-
longed to Berwick, and two of them have
large families.
A. poor. woman was on Tuesday thrown-dort
by the pole of a gentleman's carriage oa Ludgate-
hill, and was severely injured, although no bones
were broken. The lady who was in the Carriage
sent her servant with a 2/. note to the ,sufferer,
and gave her card of address, *with instructions,
that application should he made to her for fur-
ther relief.
The daughter of a respectable tradesman in the
neighbourhood of Grosvenor-square swallowed a
ity of arsenic on Monday morning, in con-
sequence of having been reprimautied,byherv-
- rents far forming-what was considered. an iinpro-
per attachment. !Ile- fact of her having taken
~the poison being immediately known,. and medi-
cal assistance procured, she is now considered out
'of danger.: ,-

BIRTHS.
In Dublin, the Lady of Major Hart, Inspecting Field Of-
ficer, of a Sun.
On Sunday lust,: at Keel-House, in Staffordshire, the Hon.
Mrs. Sneyd, of a Son.

MARRIED.
On Thursday the StAth, ult. at St. Lawrence's,- Iteadint,
Richard Westbrook, Eiq. jun.-of that-place, to Sarah. Ann,
eldest daughter of the late Captain Alexander Coming, of the
Hon. East-India Company's ship Castle Eden.
On Tuesday last, at-Shalford, 'near 'Guildford, John-Bush,
Esq. of Bradford,. Wilts, to Sarah,• only daughter of the late
William -Alduton, Esq. of East Shalford, Surrey.
Yesterday, at .St. Martin's Ch.irch in the 'Fields, Mr. Al-'
len, of the Strand, to MisS Beck.
• The same morning, at St. Clement's Church; Thomas.. Gu—
rney, Esq., eldest son of the Rev. -Gurney, Rector of
St. Clement's Danes, to Miss Elizabeth Totton, of Sackville-
street.
The-same-day,- at St. Pancras Church, I'vlarmaduke Robert
Lai2gdaie, Esq. of Gower-street, Bedford-square, to Louisa,
the youngeit daughter of George Jourdan, Esq. 'of Guild.
ford-street. - . •
On Thursday,. at Walthamstow, Lieutenant Martin ,Cole;
olthe Royal Louisa, voung,Nst daughter.of
tiie Lit:
ere, Esq. of, A:ustin-friaes, .lerchant;
The same day. at Si-..lames's Church, Mr, Wattled Phipr,
of Cork,stret, Iturli:lgton-gardens; to. the Right Hon. the,
Lady Bafones,...ll owe, eldest daughter of the late Admiral
Eari Howe, and widoe. of the Hon. Penn- Asht.,UCurzt7n.
Ivtte.lY, at Gretna Green, the Rev. H. C. Boston, .Curate,
of near Grantham, to Miss .lanc•Shields, A.etteatt
daughter of William. Shielda, Esq.: of Pristenf. .. • •
. •

USED.
(ia the 2ath ult. at Wiiaborti, Dorset, Georr Idee

. . . ,
q
0, the Utli ult. at his resid,.4iee near Chepstow,' VfOrt.
t•• • • •
murth :hire;
,Acub hi..; ,3..)...11 year. •
On Sunday last;._ in f;reat - ..Esteheap, in .hees'69th -year,
Mrs: Neale, furnietiv ui Readin?„
Oti Monday, Mr: i1r4.11,,v, fiertiord. ,
. On-Wednesday last, 'Haniinersniith„,after four days. ill,
ness, AntliOny Ten liroeke, Esq. in the •-rBth year of hiis'age-
The
same, day, at Hartford, after a lingering illness, Emma,
youngest daughter of the 14te Russell Skinner, Esq, of Neo
Hampshire. .
Lately, in his 73d year, Rubeh Wannington, Esq. of %ar.
mouth.

PRIU., OF STOC.
Bank Stock; shut
Narys per Cent. 343ai-
-4 per Cent. Shut •
3'per Cent. Red: shut
3 per Cent. Con..ntlf
Bank L. Ann. shut .
India Stock,
Indiaßonds, is. as. dis.

YESTERDAI.
ExOlequer Bilis, 3icl. per catty

. .
4s. 2s. dis:-
Ditto, aid. per day,par,3s. pr
New Ann.
Oninium, ri pr. •
Imperial 3 per Cent. 560
Flank far' Opening, 213
Cons.l'or 9th Oct. 58i 583-,i

- •
HIGH WATER AT. LONDON BRIDGE TO-MOIVR.CIW.
Morning, 27 minutes after 19.. I Eveni:n.,, 55 minutes after 1
