FROM BERMUDX.

NEW LONDON (CONN cT tr ), rt. 4.—The schooner
Betsey, Briggs, arrived on Sunday last, in 11 days from Ber-
muda. We have received our usual tiles of impels by this ar-
rival. The disputes between the„ Governor and Legislature
were still carried on with great animosity. The Governor ap:
.pears determined to place all the authorities of the island at his
feet.. In this policy he is determinedly opposed by the legisla-
ture. A few days previous to the sailing of the Sea Serpent,
several transports arrived at Bermuda from Halifax, with troops
to relieve the garrison of that place. On their arrival the Go-
vernor called the officers together, and in an address to them,
declared that the inhabitants of the island were in a state of re-
bellion, and that he expected the troops would stand by him !
He had previously disarmed the militia by calling in the go-
vernment arms. On one occasion he called the majority of the
legislature "it factious, irreligious, and disappointed party."
The House returned a spirited reply ; and declined any further
proceedings until they heard trout their petition for the removal
of his Excellency. The Governor rejoined—" Blinded by
error, or some more dreadful infatuation, you have finally, in
direct terms, refused to do your duty. You are proceeding at
your own peril, and are collectively and individually responsible
to your God, to your King, anti to your country, for all the
evils you may have entailed upon the country." And here the
business rests between him and the house. •

EXTRACTS FROM RECENT PROCEEDINGS OF
THE AMERICAN LEGISLATURE.

Great Britain and. some of her Allies entertain the opinion
that nothing short of the concession of a qualified right of visi-
tation and search can practically suppress the Slave Trade._
An association of armed ships is contemplated, to form a species
of naval police, to be stationed principally in the African seas,
where the commanders of the ships will be enabler; to co-
operate in harmony and concert. .
The United States have been earnestly invited by the princi-
pal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs of the British Govern-
ment, to join m the same or similar arrangements ; and this in-
vitation has been sanctioned and enforced by an unanimous vote
of the House of Lords and Commons, in a manner that pie-
eludes all doubts as to the sincerity and benevolence of their
design.
In answer to this invitation, the President of the United
States has expressed his regret that the stipulations in the
treaties communicated are of a character to which the peculiar
situation and institutions of the United States do not permit
them to accede.

The Committee will observe; in the first instance, that a mu-
tual right of search appears to be indispensable to • the great ob-
ject of abolition ; for, while flags remain as a cover for this
traffic against the right of search-by any vessels except of the
same nation, the chance of detection will be much less than it
would be if the right of search was extended to vessels of other
Powers; and as soon as any oue Nation should cease to be vigi-
lant in the discovery of infractions practised on its own code, the
slave-dealers would avail thernsdv.. s of a system of obtaining
fraudulent papers, and concealing the real ownership under the
cover of such flags, which would be carried on with such ad-
dress, as to renda it easy for the citiZens or subjects of one
State to 'evade their own municipal laws ; but, it a concerted
system existed, and a qualified 'right of mutual search was
granted, the apprehension of these piratical offendets would•be
reduced to a much greater certainty ; and the very knowledge
of the existence of an active and vigorous system of co..opera-
tion would divert many from this traffic, as the unlawful trade
would become too hazardous for profitable speculiition.
In relation to any inconveniences that might rcsult from such
an arrangement, the commerce of the United States is so limit-
ed on the African coast, that it would not be much „Iter.d by

•
it ; and as it regards economy, the ex pence of stationing a few
' vessels on that coast would not be much greater than to main-
tain them at any other place.
The Committee have briefly noticed the practical results of a
reciprocal right of search as it bears on the Slave Trade ; but
the objection as to the propriety of ceding this right remains.—
It is with deference that the Committee undertake to make any
remarks upon it: they. bear in reeoilecticin the opinions enter-
tained in this country on thepractiCe of searching neutral ves-
sels in time of war, but they cannot perceive that the right
under discussion is in principle allied in any degree to the ge-
neral:question of search—it can involve no commitment, nor
is it susceptible of any unfavourable inference on that subject ;
and even if there were any affinity between the cases, the news-
sity of a special agreement would be inconsistent with the idea
of existing rights. The proposal itself, in the manner made,
is a total abandonment on the part of England of any claim to
visit and search vessels in a time of peace, And this question has
been unequivocally decided hi the negative in her Admiralty
Cqurts. .

Although it is not among the objections, that the desired ar-
rangement would give any colour to a claim of right of search
in time of peace, yet lest the case in this respect may be preju-
diced in the mindsi of any, the Committee will observe that the
right of search in time of peace is one that is not claimed by any
Power as a part of the law of nations ; no nation pretends that
it can exercise the right of visitation and search upon the com-
mon and unappropriated parts of the sea, except upon the
belligerent claim. A recent decision in the British Admiralty
Court, in the case of the French slave ship Le Louis, is cLar
and decisive on this point.
In regard, then, to the reciprocal right wished to be ceded, it
is reduced to the simple inquiry, whether, in practice, it will be
beneficial to the two contracting nations,. Its exercise, so far
as it relates to the detention of vessels, as it is confined to the
tact of slaves being a:tuallyon board, precludes almost the pos-
sibility of accident or much inconvenience. .
* * •

The exchange of the right of search (limited in duration,
or to continue at pleasure, for the sake of experiment), might,
it is anxiously hoped, be so restncted to vessels and seas, and
with such civil and harmonious stipulations, as not to be unac-
ceptable.
'The feelings of this country on the general question of search
have often been roused to a degree of excitement that evinces
their unchangeable character ; but the American people will
readily see the distinction between the cases ; the one, in its ex-
ercise to the extent claimed, will ever produce irritation, and
excite a.patriotic spirit of resistance ; the other is amicable
and charitable ; the Justness and nobleness of the undertaking
are worthy of the combined concern of Christian nations.
The detestable crime of kidnapping the unoffending inhabi-
tants of one country, and chaining them to slavery in another,
is marked with all the atrociousness of piracy ; and as such, it
is stigmatised and punishable by our own laws.
To efface this reproachful stain from the character of civilized
mankind would be-the proudest triumph that could be achieved
in the cause of humanity. On this subject the United States
having led the way, owe it to themselves to give their influence
and cordial co-operation to any measure that will accomplish
the great and good purpose ; but this happy result, experience
has demonstrated, cannot be realised by any system, except a
concession by the Maritime. Powers to each other's ships' of
war of a qualified right of search. If this object was generally
attained, it is confidently believed that the active exertions of
even a few nations would be sufficient entirely to suppress the
Slave Trade.

The slave dealers could be successfully assailed .on the coast
upon which the trade originates, as they must necessaiily con-
sume more time in the collection and embarkation of their car-
goes, than in subsequent distribution in the markets for which
they are destined. This renders that coast the most advanta-
geous position for their apprehension ; and, besides, the Afri-
can coast frequented by the slave ships is indented with so few
commodious or accessible harbours, that notwithstanding its
great. extent, it could be guarded by the vigilance of a small
number of cruisers. But if the slave ships are•permitted to as-
cape from the African coast, and to be dispersed to different
parts of the world, their capture would be rendered uncertain
and I:op±ss.
The Committee, after much reflection, offer the following
Resolution

Resolved, by the Senate and the House of Representatives of
the United States of America, in Congress assembled, that the
President of the United States be requested to enter into such
arrangements as he may deem suitable and proper, with one or
more of the Maritime Powers of Europe, for the efnetual abo-
lition of the African Slave Trade.
