1 4•
\::..;,,1,L,,,:
~ .
.4',

PRICE 7D.

Vlargate, and some from near DO'ret. In all there
were eight bands of music. The whole procession
extended to such a leneth, that the first body had
arrived at Maidstone before the last left the Heath,
(a mile distant) though they were in as close order
carriages and horses could well. be. In this way
the procession entered through Week-street, passed
down High-street, thence through Mill-lane, arid
ietnrned to the upper part of Gabriel's-hill, which
again brcught them to the top of High-street.
Here the two Members stopped and saw the whole
body pass before them, each party cheering loudly
as they passed, and their nevem] bands playing the
National Anthem.

The scene throughott the town was of the roost
enlivening description,—banners of the favourite
colour hung him almost every window—the ladies
and they were all filled, wore scarfs or
ribands of blue. The whole was conducted with
the greatest good order, and not an accident of any
kind occurred that we heard of. 'the whole of the
Procession had not pae.,ed through wen our rt.!.
porter It-ft it at three o'clock. Some of the parrin s
had, we understand, come a distance of forty miles
to rake part in the glorious triumph of *Reform in
Kent.

DORSET, MAr 10.

The town of Dorchester has been all this morning
in a state of wear excitement, owing to the arrival
of various parties of voters in the interest of the
different c ulidates. The majority of arrivals were
decidedly in favour of the Reform candidates, and
the pavements before their ittns were crowded with
voters wearing their colours, and ready to march to
the poll. To prevent a repetition of the disgraceful
outrages which ()centred on Friday last, upwards of
200 special constables were sworn in as protectors
of the peace.

Eleven o'clock was fixed for the commencement
of the election, and as that hour approached, the
friends of the different candidates proceeded to the
place where the hustings are ert-cted. They are in
a field near the barracks, and at the foot of a gentle
slope, which is crowned on the summit by the ram-
parts of a Roman encampment. Ktell of the can-
didates was attended by a number of his partisans,
hut the crowd was chiefly in favour of Mr. Calcraft.
A large body of special constables attended to pre-
serve the peace; and, as a measure of precaution, all
persons who came with sticks were requested, oo
entering the field, to leave them till their return in
the hands of the constables appointed to receive
them. I saw several of these sticks, and among
them were some of the most formidable bludgeons
which 1 ever beheld in any life. One of them is
heavily leaded, and if used by a vigorous hand must
be fatal to any poor wight with whose head it may
may come in contact. The constable was desired
not to return this formidable weapon to its owner,
lest in a moment of irritation he should be induced
,o use it to the destruction of some one or other of
his Majesty's lieges.
After the King's writ and the Act against bribery
and corruption had been read;

Mr. FAnclultAnsoti came forward to address the
freeholders, and concluded by proposing, as a fit and
proper person, indeed a person eminently qualified to
represent the county in the ensuing P.oliament, Ed-
ward Berkeley Portman, Esq.—(Cheers.)

Mr. P. OKEDEN seconded the nomination. Mr.
Portman came forward in support of that great
question which now agitated the country from one
coiner to the other,--i c meant the question of Re•
form in Parliament.—(Great cheering.) Ile sup-
posed that at this time of day there was no person
so besotted in ignorance, and so blinded in preju-
dice, as not to see that the great question must be
carried.—(A voice in the crowd—" Yes, there is
one, and that's old Bankes.") The only question
which now remained for consideration was the shape
iu whicis Reform should come upon them. He
thought that it ought to come in a solid and effec-
tual shape—(Cheers)—not in a weak, washy, bit-
by-bit way—(" Hear that, old Bankes;" laughter
and cheering)—but in such a way as would leave
those who sought for turbulence and confusion
without a word to say in their ocvn justification.—
(Cheers.) The reign of King John was remembered
in history because it was the epoch when the people
of England gained Magna Charts. The reign of
William IV. would stand forth equally conspicuous
to future generations, as the epoch in aN hich the
people of England gained the Reform
(Cheers.) There was one ground of hope, one
source of confidence, which must infallibly lead them
on to victory ; for they might now say, in the lan-
gunge of their own Shakspeare—
the King's name is a tow'r of strength
Whicll they of tl' adverse faction want."
—(Cheers. " Hear that, old Baukes.")
Mr. FRAMPTON said that, in proposing Henry
Bankes, E-q , of Corfe Castle, as a fit pet son to
represent the county of Dorset in Parliament, he
hoped that they would show by their votes that
thvy had not forgotten the services of so old, so
faithful, and so independent a Member of Parlia-
ment as Mr. Bankcs had always proved himself to
be.—(Some cheers, but more hisses.)
The Rer. Mr. HANNAH (the lector of Corfe)
was proud to recommend Mr. Bankes to the,i
notice, as a fit and proper person to represent them
is the Commons House of Parliament.

Sir W. OGLANDER then came forward, amid great
cheering. lie iii‘d the honour, he said, of again
addressing the freeholders, in order to propose to
them, as a candidate for the representation of Dor-
setshire, his Right lion. Friend John Caicraft.—
(Cheers.)—His reason for proposing his Right
lion. Friend to their notice was, chiefly, because he
was pledged to vote for, and to support, tha, great
measure for a Reform of the Commons House of
Pad amet;t which had been introduced by an upright
Admi ni strati on—(Cheer)—and: had bun sane-
tiotle,i by their pair otic Kitm.—(lmmensecheering.)
Sir JOHN SMITH seconded he nomination of Mr.
Calcraft.

Mr. PORTMAN then came forward amid long-con.
tined cheering to address the electors. He stood
before 'horn the enemy of tyranny,—the enemy of
monopoly,—a sincere and honest Reformer—(Great
cheering)—determined to vote for the Bill which
hail recently been before Parliament—(Cheers)—
and not merely for a Measure which, though it
might be in letters a Reform, in substance was tit,
such thing.—(A voice in the crowd—" Take your
change out of that, old Ilankes.") You know me,
gentlemen, (concluded Mr. Portman), and I know
you and your independent feelings, and with those
observations I leave my cause in your hands. lam
ready to be your servant,—for you, be it recollected,
are our masters.

Mr. BAKES then addressed the meeting amidst
some, but very slight, interruption from the free-
holden:. The worthy Baronet, then standing neat
him, in the address which he had made to the free-
holders in recommendation of Mr. Calcraft, had
been pleased to make a reflection upon him,—un-
justly as he would endeavour to show,--,s having
opposed that part of the Bill which provided for the
abolition of what he was pleased to call the rotten
boroughs.—(Slight uproar, and a cry of " What do
you please to call them ?") Now he took the Ebert)
of telling that worthy Baronet, that he might haw.-
known—and of appealing to Mr. Calcraft who must
know—that no vote was ever taken in the House of
Commons on that part of the Bill, and therefore he
(Sir W. Oglander) could not know what he (Mr
Bankee) might have said or done in the last, or
what he might say or do regarding it in the nest

Session of Parliament.-- Tell us then at preset-IL
what you will do.") Now without meaning any
thing personally offensive, he would remind Mr.
Calcraft that he had. said—for which he (Mr.
Bankes) did not blame him—that he would make
as stout a tight for Wareham as he could, (" Or
as you will for Core Cattle.")—(A laugh.) tak,,,,
how did the situation of the borough of Wareham
differ from that of any other nomination borough in
the schedule of the Reform Bill?—(Hisses trot
cheers.) W:th regard to the Bill, he would cm-
ilidly declare to them that il the whole B li were to
he paaeed in Parliament, and ti'e success of Hs e ec-
,ion were to d perul upon his giving his assent to
that whole Bill, to that whole Bill he would tint,
and he could, trot agree.—f Cheers and Idesea.) He
Aced with what justice to the county of Dorset iit-
perticular had Ministers proceeded tu their enecor-
(ion ef it ? They began their career of inill' del' by
r4l,bing the inhabitants of Dorsetshire of one half of
their representatives.—( Loud cries--." They are
not ours;" " disown them ;" " They are the be-
rotighmongers' borough nominees ;" " They give
e one more for the county.") The number of
Members for this county are twenty in all. Did
the gentleman who contradicted him suppo e OA
these Members were not connected with the Irteled
interest of the comity ?—( A voice, " Y. s, iii plan-`
Bering the people.") There was another point,
connected with this Bill, on which he tiloualit that
nole.dy would venture to contradict him. On what
ground seas it that the number of representatives
for England was to be diminished ? Was th'ereany
delinquency,—was there any crime alleged ? He
seeuld like to hear an answer to that questioe from
Mr Caleraft ; for in the Houseof Commons the guess;
Lion had been put, but he had never heard au an-
swer to it.—(Cheers and hisses.)
Mr.CALCRAFT then presented himself to the free-
holders amidst loud and long-continued cheering.
He had, at the request and solicitation of a large
number of freeholders, undertaker] to present him-
self to the coun.y for its approbation. This was a
short and simple explanation of the reasons why he
stood at that moment on the hustinge, and on what
:recount lie was standing there.—(Cheers.) Mr.
Bankes seemed to think that Dorsetshire was hardly
!vetoed under thin Bill, He had told the freeholders
that the county would lose nine of its present repre-
sentatives. And why would it do so ? It wonhl
lose them on the grand principle of this Parliamen-
tary Reform, which was getting rid of nomination,
and introducing representation in its stead.—(Great
cheering.) If that proposition were offensive to the
people of Dorsetshire, and were on that account to
meet with resistance from them, what must be done
with the whole of schedule A. ?—(Cheers.) It.
was of the very essence of the Bill to substitute
representation for nomination, and if certain depo-
pulated boroughs lay in that county,they must abide
the common lot of all the boroughs enumerated in
the same schedule.—(Cheers.) Mr. B mkes had
also appealed to him as to whether any vote had
been taken in the House of Commons upon schedule
A. Certainly not. Mr. Bankes had also alluded to
a declaration which he (Mr. Calcrart) hail made in
I his place in Parliament, to the effect that he would
struggle as stonily as he could for the preservation
of' the borough of Wareham from disfranchisement.
Undoubtedly he had said that he would do hi
best to preserve the borough of Wareham, but
onnot because
thegrotin ground, that
thwas
a,tira
thetom
ipionaptn borough,
oiolationretu bt
returns
forii
that place were not made correctly when the cen-
sus of 1821 was taken, it ought to be taken from
schedule A. in which it was placed, and transferred
to schedule B. of which the boroughs were still to
return one Member. This was net preserving the
borough of Wareham as a nomination borough, it
was making Wareham the centre of an electioneer-
ing district, and taking it out of the domination of
any ii,dividuil wha'ever.—(Cheers.) Mr. Bankes
hid also told the freeholders that he would not
pledge himself to support the whole Bill, as it stood
in the last session of Parliament. Now let them
consider what the Bill wag, and what its principles.
The first part of its principle was to lessen the ex-
pence of elections; the next was to take away the
cTprssei,l
atatil:secer,essetess:eaai
:I:lite:it:I
t(itirithoo:
edttovtp,
icifresritr(l-;)).simi
o:tphsolfe:edo,reonoe(ieafltxyotte d and inconsiderable
trhoal6:oaliosa:ri
olgl
o—teoo
tognievtwle,
these unrepresented
esteioepctrtoil,lvie:
counties GI additional Members; and the last part
into the representative system of the Constitution.
c pies he was ready to adhere—and that Bill he now
thus publicly pledged himself to support.—(Great
cheering.) The difference under which he and Mr.
liatikes presented themselves to the notice of the
freeholders was this, that he came forward pledged
to support, and Mr. Bankes came forward pledged
'o oppose the Bill. (A voice here call.ll out,
" How do you mean to vote respeciiug the abolition
of slavery ?") One word more as to the abolition
of slavery. He had always, from his first entry into
public life down to the present moment, been en.
gaged, first in promoting the abolition of the slave
trade, and, when that was aceompl sh.d by the
honest and long-continued ex, rtions of Mr. Fox, in
endeavouring to effect the abolition of shave!), it-
self.—(Cheers.) He could assure them that he
had left nothing undone on his part to effect that
great object.—(Cheers.) He had always been the
sincere iriend of civil and religious liberty. (Cheers.)
Mr RUTTER, a Quaker, who has taken a very
prominent part in opposing Lord Grosvenor's liomi-
n.ition of Members fur the borough of Shaftesbury,
then claimed his faevilege as a freeholder of Dorset-
shire to make a few br.ef remarks on what he con-
sidered to be the different qual,fi, at;oris of the three
gentlemen then in nomination. The firs. was Mr.
Portman their old and faithful servant. There was
no pan of that gentleman's public conduct ou which
tie differed from him. There was no ques,ion but
Mr. Portman had proved himself a proper man to
represent the freeholders of Dorsetshire.—(Cheers.)
Next came Mr. Caleraft ; and surely when the King
had called upon them to exhibit their feelings on one
01 the most vital questions that could affect their %% eil-
being as a free people, they would not have a ;no-
inent's hesitation in preferring Mr. Gderaft as a
Reforrre,, to Mr. Bankes as an Anti-Raformer.—
(Cheers.) He would, however, carry the point
still further; and he would say, that in all other
points of comp.trison, Mr. Cdcraft was a superior
man to Nlr. Bankes as a representative for their
county,—(Cheers.) Mr. Bankes had said he was a
fiend to the emancipation of the slaves. What did
Mt% Bankes mean by that ? If he meant any thing
by it, he must mean that he had no objection to
make freemen of the blacks, but all the objections
iii the world to make freemen of the whites.

The HIGII SHERIIT then took a show of hands in
favour of the respective candidates, and af, erwards
declared that it appeared to him that the show of
hands was in favour of E. B. Pcrtman, Esq. and of
the Right Hon. J. Calclaft.,
This annunciation was received with three cheer:,.
I'here could he no doubt as to its correctness, for
the show of hands in favour of Mr. Banker was
very scanty indeed.
Mr &Hikes then demanded a poll.
The polling commenced immediately in the dif-
ferent booths, and Was continued without intermis-
sion till five o'clock.

Immediately arter polling had commenced, those
voters of Mr. Calcraft who could not find admit-
tance into the polling-booths, marthed off with
their banners, and ranged them elves in front of the
vallum of the Roman encampment, which overlooks
the whole field, and gave three hearty cheers for
the King, Reform, and the Constitution. As there
must have been at least 1,500 men range,' in line at
this time, and as there were a number of females
mingled among them, the grouping had a particu-
lady strikqtg and picturesque effect. At five o'clock
the polling closed.
Mr. PORTMAN then came forward and returned
thanks.
C
heir exertions
eued t„ n;atlto
tt
Real:tml
ein ir.htaLCalte :
doßcuAol,;a:btd;
t.h_.nhaaotitktiiotifd:t:t;:fe:tm).
tc:oofi
:sr
Mr. 13ANKE5 then rose UM'

~.„
scion. With regard to the state of that Bill which
bad been so long before him in Parliament, he would
state his opinion to them fairly and candidly ; and 1
he man say, that taking the Bill altogether, it could
not be productive of any good, but might be pro-
ductive of infinite mischief to the country at large.
—(Cheering, which was soon (Irowned in one uni-
versal hiss.) He would repeat what he had said be-
fore in the morning, that if the success of his elec-
tion were made dependent on his vote in favour of
the whole Bill, he could not consent to give tha.
vote.—(Here somebody in the crowd called out
" Corfe-castle.") "If any gentleman continues to
call out Code-castle to me," said Mr. Bankes, " I
shall desire some one to hollow out Wareham to
Mr. Calcraft."—(Hisses.)—Whilst he had sat lot
Code-castle he had endeavoured to do his duty by
his country.—(Hives.)
The county court was then adjourned till ten
o'clock to-morrow. The respective candidates re-
turned to Dorchester amid the cheers of their re-
spective partisans.

ESSEX—CHELMSFORD—Mty 1 1 .
SIXTH AND LAST DAY.
RESIGNATION OF COLONEL TYRELL.
At the close of the poll at five o'clock, Mr. Wes_
tern expressed his grateful thanks to the freeholders,
for the proud position which they enabled him to
maintain on the poll. He did not know what was
the intention of his late Hon. Colleague the gallon,
Colonel, but to him it appeared certain that the gal-
lant Colonel had lost all possible chance of success.—
(Cheers.)
Colonel TYRELL said with regard to the triumph
to the cause of Parliamentary Reform, on which his
late Hon. Culleague might congratulate them, he
(Colonel Tyrell) would sincerely assure them that
be hoped they would not be disappointed in the
.effects of that measure. He begged them to bear
is mind that his Hon. Colleague went into Parlia-
ment pledged to the whole 8111, and nothing hut the
Bill. Whatever he (Col, Tyrell) might consider the
demerits, or whatever they might 11,ink of the merits
of that Bill, it was upon that question that this elec-
tion had been decided, and he hoped that on some
future occasion he might again have the honour of
soliciting thkir suffrages.
Sir F. AGAR, on the part of his Hon. Friend Mr.
Wellesley, congratulated the freeholders on the state
of the poll, and the certain success of the cause of
Reform. He hoped the gallant Colonel would tell
the day on which it was his invention to resign. The
contes. on his part was now perfectly hopeless.
Colonel TYREee proceeded to make some obser-
vations in reply to those which had fallen from Mr.
Western. Having done so, he said that he now
rose to inform them when it was his intention to re-
sign. Before he did so, however, he wished to say
one word on another subject. Reflections had been
thrown out against the clergy as having been in a
body his supporters. He could assure them that of
those who had polled not one-fourth of them had
recorded their votes for him (Colonel Tyrell). lie
had discharged his duty in pointing out to the free-
holders of the county what he considered would be
the awful responsibility of passing the Reform Bill.
He was satisfied that he was right in the view which
he took of the question, and once for all he would
say to them, that if they would have the Bill, the
whole Bill, and nothing lsut the Bill, they should
have it that night as far as be was concerned, for he
begged to inform them that he gave up the contest.
—(Tremendous cheering.)
The HIGH SHERIFF then declared the successful
candidates, Mr. Westt rn and Mr. Wellesley, as duly
elected to serve as representatives for the county of
Essex in the ensuing Parliament.
On the motion of Colonel Tslteet.,, seconded by
Mr. WESTERN, a vote of thanks was passed to the
High Sheriff, for the able, impartial, and satisfac-
tory manner in which he had conducted himself
throughout the entire contest.
The HIGH SHERIFF returned thanks, and said
he would end as he had begun, by .saying, " God
save the King," and calling for three cheers for hie
Majesty.
They were then given amidst the most rapturous
applause.
Mr. WESTERN returned thanks.
Sir F. AGAR returned thanks, on the part of Mr.
Wellesley, who, he assured them, was in a very bad
state of health, but he said that an express: should be
instantly sent off to him, so that he should come as
soon as possible to receive the honour of a chairing
at their hands.—(Applause.)
Mr. Western was then chaired through the town,
amidst the most enthusiastic applause of the assem-
bled multitude.
