THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY .)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Our arrivals this morning are the French Mail, a Mail from 1110
Janeiro by the Skylark—sailed from Rio Janeiro, December 18, and
from Pernambuco, November 14 ; a Leeward Island Mail by the
Opossum—sailed from St. Thomas's, January 22 ; and a Jamaica
Mail by the Reindeer—sailed from Jamaica, January 1.
From the Jamaica Papers received at the North and South Ame-
rican Coffee-house to the 2d of January, we subjoin the following
" The holidays are passing over with every appearance of g
humour among all classes ; but the usual gaities have been wantin6
among our apprentices. The Methodist preachers have so fleece
et
them of their means, that they are unable to provide for the expensewhich has been so bountifully contributed to make a show during
the Christmas week.

It will be observed from the proceedings of the Assembly, that
the House may adjourn to the 26th January, and that the Governor
has some wit in his anger, and passed the Police Bill for one 'Oar'
notwithstanding the threats contained in his message of Wed'
nesday.':

The following message from his Excellency the Governor wee
brought down to the House of Assembly en the 16th Dec.:—
" Ma. SPEAKER—I am commanded by his Excellency the Ge'
vernor to express to the Assembly his deep regret and disappoint-
ment, that all his efforts to induce them to pass a Bill to render the
establishment of a Police force equal in duration with the appren-
ticeships, should have become ineffectual. His Excellency is ie-
structed to draw the particular attention of the Assembly to the
series of liberal and conciliatory measures which have marked the
demeanour of the British Government towards this colony for the
last five years. The loan of three hundred thousand pounds stet.'
ling—the dispensation from the pledge for one year, and saber
quently continued to the present time—as to the military supplies;
—the acceptance of a very imperfect Abolition Bil:, and the de'
claration that it was adequate and satisfactory, in the reliance
that the Legislature would make the necessary amendments ; and is
consequence of that declaration, the immediate recognition of the
title on the part of the colony to share in the Compensation
Fund, which is at this moment is the course of payment,'"
if all these sacrifices, demonstrating, as they do, the anxious &site
of Government to deal with the Assembly upon terms of liberality
and mutual confidence, are to be met by a continual resistance t°
the adoption of the important measures so eminently urged upon
them as connected with the abolition of slavery—if the question
of a Police Bill is to be annually revived as long as the appren"
ticeships continue—his Excellency cannot admit the policy or fore,*
going another year's military supplies ; nor would his Majesty:
Ministers be able to assign to the Lords of the Treasury
or Parliament any satisfactory grounds for continuing the its
dulgence on this point, the repetition of which has failed t°
produce a corresponding disposition on the part of the Assembly'
to conciliate and co-operate in giving effect to the great objects
which Parliament and the British people have so much at hcsr„t.
His Excellency in adhering, therefore, to the instructions he 11.
7.
received, intimates to the House the expectation of his Maks*
Government, that provision should be made during the presen_
year for the resumption of those payments on account of the troop:
according to the existing stipulations on that head, and for which
fixed sum was in November, 1831, pledged to be provided annually
by the country, the considerate measure of Government havtn,
.
induced them only temporarily to forbear calling for the fulfilment
of this compact, from which they never in the most remote degree
considered the colony to be absolved, now expects that in all sot
sequent years the usual military supplies will be provided, and
Excellency sincerely laments the necessity he is under to leakehi;
communication which he has, by every argument and means i°l-
power, endeavoured to avoid, but which he is not warranted un-er
his instructions in delaying any longer."
Guiana Papers to the 11th of December, and St. John's, Isle°
Brunswick to the 17th of January, have also been received at the
North and South American Coffee House.
The Guiana Paper states that accounts from Venezuela coatm
the anticipations previously
3.1
received, of the restoration of order,
.
Cumana had at last yielded to the Constitutional forces, and "--
nagus had fled into the interior with only 30 men.
The New Brunswick Papers state that the Legislative Se?ic
po
commences on Wednesday next, and it is hoped that public bileie-os
will go on without infringing on the privileges and prerogative'
each other.

THE FUNDS.
Consols opened this morning at the prices they left off yester nee
911 for the Account, and 911 for Money, with a firm appeto;
of the market, but with little doing. Exchequer Bills, 18
India Bonds, 3 5 ; Bank Stock, 2161 ; India Stock, 255 256.
In the Foreign Market the prices are steady ; Spanish A
Stock, 471 ; Portuguese, 83* a ; Three per Cents., if
Colombian, 32* 1 ; Mexican, 364 374; Dutch Two-and-u-
-per Cents., 551 1.
HALF-PAST ONE
We extract the following from the Jamaica Watchman of .1" d
19 The unfavourable appearances with which the Session ",,,
Assembly opened have entirely disappeared, and matters begin lies
to assume a tranquil aspect. The Assembly by making the
Bill an annual Act, and not co-existent with the apprenticei hips
and introducing matter into the Act in aid of the Abolition "'fb
which expires at the end of the present year, contrary to the ‘4..„0.
of the Government, has placed it out of the power of the Gev.,°,:rio
longer to withhold the demand for the pay of the troops.
the Assembly intends to do it is difficult to say. The ge°_,eett
opinion seems to be that a refusal to pay the troops will be foliar°,
by their removal. There are some who do not entertain any fearoo.
this score ; but think that the Government will punish the C
tumacy of the Legislature by the infliction of a distinetive
duty to Jamaica produce. Our own opinion is, that it would e..
impolitic to withdraw the troops unless the Government is V
pared to abandon the island."
i
The Queen Regent of Spain has conferred on Captain -WD n°
Symons, of the steamer Royal Tar, belonging to the Dublin.
London Company, the Knight Cross of the Royal Atneric.,,
Order of Isabella, as a mark of her Royal approbation, for the St`
vices
Thep erformed ith at vessel on the of Spain.
Ballot atw theth East India Housecoast for compensating the °%;
eluded officers of the East India Companies' maritime ser•ice'
going on with great activity, and, it is believed, in their favour
present.
.Prig
of are firm up to the present time, at the morning
r-lee°
of 911 for the Account, and 911 for Money.
Exshequer Bills, 18 20; India Bonds, 5 ; Bank Stock, 216
India Stock, 255 256.
There is a more buoyant appearance in the prices in the F°reig° (15
Market since the early part of the morning. Spanish Active 131 ;
may be quoted 471; Portuguese, 831; Three Per Cents., Teo
Columbian Bonds, 324 to 33; Mexican, 36i to 37; Dutch
and a Half per Cents., 551- a.
Most of the shares have improved this morning.
We have a report that the French Government is willing on app
vance the Queen of Spain, in conjunction with England, a loan
certain security, which, it is stated, our Cabinet have taken '
consideration.
T H R OLO
Consols for the Account, 91i 4.

ire
IRISH Citunctr.—We have reason to be1;"ed
that the question of the Irish Church will be postPll,l
until after the Easter recess, if not to a later periou•
Dublin Evening Post.

(ADVERTISEMENT.)
W A T C H E S.
BROAD, 'Watchmaker, Deceased. dot
T. COX SAVORY, 47, Cornhill, having purchased Of pelf
Executors of Wm. Broad, Watchmaker late Leadenhall-str- of
deceased, the whole of the SPLENDID STOCK, consistintif
GOLD and SILVER WATCHES, offers them at prices bid
advantageous to Purchasers. . The whole are arranged, fr•
having the price attached, and may be seen by application t"41?
COX SAVORY, Goldsmith, Silversmith, and Watchmaker'
Cornhill, London.

B IR TH S. of
On the 14th inst., at Kingston House, Dorset-place, the 1:01Y
the late Lord Suffield, of a son.
York,
On the 14th inst., at Warter Priory, near Pocklington,
shire, the Right Hon. Lady Muncaster of a daughter.
On the 13th inst., the lady of Charles Tracey Leigh, Egg'
daughter.
ter.
On the 15th inst., Mts. Halket, St. Helen's-place,'of a clau.-Otscr
On the 13th inst., at Brighton, the lady of W. W. Hewett'
of a son.
On the 14th inst., the lady of W. Platt, Esq., of Manchester, square, of a son.

MARRIED. ,5,1
On the 11 th inst., at Nursling, the Rev. Francis Phill470 r 0-
Mary Easton, eldest daughter of the Rev. John Luhin, Rec.
Nursling, Hants.
Cal
On the 15th inst., at Streatham Church, Joseph, second „jot;
the late D. Jennings, Esq , of Fenchurch-street, and Hawt". of
Kent, to Elizabeth, second daughter of Stephen Wilson,
Streatham.

DIED.

,• rev
On the 14th inst., at Sevenoaks, aged Si, Mrs. Randolph three
of John Lord Bishop of London, whom she survived twenty '
years. WI
On the 9th inst., aged 21, Elizabeth Catherina, eldest (bug
of the late Rev. C. Yonge, of Eton School. • , 500
On the 27th of July, at Calcutta, William Blizard, third
the late H. Smith, Esq., of Peckham House, Surrey.
pro*
London : Printed and Published by MURDO YOUNG, °cof ol
112, Strand, at The Sun Office, No. 112, Strand, in the
of Middlesex.
