. .....: . - - .
SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. cause the were awed la the ascendant of his out of order (a discove which we doubt whether adulterer, a pictio-cket, a gambler, a convicted INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, MAY 4. to 110,000/. ; but the weather having proved favourable?
talents. The Sir Lethbridges, the Gooches, the the Noble Marquis could have made himself), the1.
ft Edward 3PLean, a young man of fashionable appear- RICE.-Carolina Rice is held firmly at 38s. In Belle
there is not so much doing.
The proceedings of last night, and the night Y y y rY
galley slave, or confirmed swindler-comes off with
flying colours. ' With all the efforts of priestcra
Knatchbulls, found themselves ,more at ease With Noble Marquis exclaimed, " I shall not. suffer bef •the Co • there are few purchases, and parcels of the late India Sale
before last, seem to indicate that the Ministry andthe late Lord Londonderry, the edge of whose myself to be put down by the Noble Lord. and,civil despotism, the press has not been brought
was opposed by Messrs. Hewlett and Brimner for a debt of
ante, came me tut to obtain his discharge, but
are held at 6d. to Is. advance.
Opposition are settling down into their quiet and wit was never turned against any one, for the best If the Noble Lords opposite put
want to any to this state of slavery and degradation in France;
and if both the law.and practice of the Courts are 191. It appeared,. that the insolvent had carried on the
determinate forms. Mr. Peel takes the lead of all reasons, and who-, like themselves, was the Noble Lord down, -they must address them- not altered .here, we shall soon see other nations quence of the great number of bad debts. In the course of
business °La bookseller, but became insolvent in smallconee-
sonliNeD I 6
-parcels have sold at 6d. advance, and there ap-
The market is•firm, but there are few sales;
among the opponents of Government in the cause of abundant wit in others. Sir. Thomas, by a selves to a man of a different character • and i • behind in rational conception and just ". dealings the
opposing•
leaving us a
are still sanguine of higher prices. The Caraccas to-Jai
. pears to he buyers of parcels at about 3d., but the holder.
Hoitse of Commons! This is by some unex- coincidence, whichbeing accidelital, like the Mini- spirit." Least their Lordships might not have, exercise of the liberty of the Press.-Ibid. bill for 191., purporting to be accepted by a person named
withdrawn from sale, except six scions ; the taken jo
petted, and certainly by all thought inconsistent sterial strike, is equally wonderful, joins the Daw- after all this, a sufficiently high idea of his If the ebullitions of displeasure against the prices 6d. to Is. lower. 1
with the tenour at least of that speech, and the sons, the Winchelseas, Sec. in objecting to the asto- character and spirit, he again exclaimed, towards .
Mining Association, but upon inquiry after such person, it
Coitus.-The purchases of Cotton for the week ending
was found that he had left the office some months before.
inferences drawn from • it, which he made on Wishing coalition between the late Opposition and the end of his speech, " Such of your Lord- Ministry, which have been lately exhibited in last inclusive,not extensive • but the market 0
night are ,
....
firm on account ot the favourable reports from the man", I ,
Tuesday. Mr. Peel has, however, arihtto be the able part of the Aahniniatration. He is ships as think to lord it over the House, shall not Paris, are serious enough to have merited that
sentenced the insolvent to five months imprisonment.
The Coo er. considered it a fraud upon the. creditors, and
factoring districts.-The following are the 'particulars of
in opposition if he pleases, in the exercise of his
quite indignant at the support of the late Oppo- Lord it over me. I have a right to state what I importance which the proceedings of the Go-
free-will : but, according to the rules of reason, aition to Mr. Canning's Administration. " Great think, and I will not allow myself to be put down." POLICE INTELLIGENCE. 413 Surats 4i-d. a s?ed.;
.80 Boweds 6-el. to 6i-d. ; 2t)
he has no right to be in opposition till he knows and powerful (he says) I admit that support to It was his Lordship, we believe, who complained of I,ernrylent have given thein, we should augur
illofthe ofthe public mind in F •
very
and diffidence of Mr. Peel.-GUILDHALL.-COACH ROBBERY.-In June, 1826, are id. lower, the others unvaried. The letters fro°
whether there is any thing that he can 0 be but in what way the head of the Ministry
npose. , the excessive modesty
parcel was delivered to the guard of a Stilton Coach, bY Liverpool state 9,000 bags Cotton were sold on WedaesdaYs
He has acted with Mr. Canning-we might entitled himself to it has never yet been explained.
say He did not complain of his own deficieticy in that The exclamatione of discontent have been di- a
respect ; and we do not see that he had any occa- rected, almost exclusively against Villele ; and a clerk of Messrs. Pasheller, bankers, Huntingdon, and
under him-up to the present momant. He has If a Government is to be composed of such °l3- sion. You'll find me (for this is the Enelish of his
b,. vet we know not what Minister France could upon arriving in London, the guard discovered another prices steady. By public sale this forenoon 167 bales
Boweds 6d. to 6id. ; part sold.
known that they differed on the, sub-of c a posite, clashing, and inconsistent materials, onhadsubstituted,•in • •
parcel been very similar appearance, but Heetr, FL Ax, and TALLow -The great reduction la
subject at o- language.) a very different man to deal with from the s
lie emancipation the whol'e time. How does he what ground can it lay claim to the confidence of rest of these tame white-livered fellows. I advise name, of whom she has less reason to complain.
know, a priori, that they shall differ upon any the Representatives of the people of England ? you to beware of me, and don't think of treating His measures have not been invariably what an of 2,7001. In February last, about 200/. worth of the
containing rubbish instead of country notes to the amount the stock of Tallow (now under. 18,000 casks, arising fro;
the late extensive deliveries fur borne consumption) has had
other subject hereafter ? Who, then, may not • • •
.goes on o add,
It is is evident," he t me as you may venture to treat them. After Engliehman would have wished ; indeed, we
to Boswood, the book-keeper, at the Cross Keys Inn,
notes got into circulation, and from 601. to 70/. was traced
a considerable effect both on the prices and in the derose4
for Tallow ; the purchases are extensive, and the neareat
one act wits', the other still? Or, at least as "that the Members of the eeistin Cabinet • d this who shall dare to say a big word to his Lordship ? have little doubt in affirming, that they have not
. ganat late h t d - • 375. 9d., and fine par-
quotations a our o- ay weie
Lord King treated the speech of the Noble Marquis I always been according to his own views andthey came - into his k 3d. to 6d. higher.-In Hemp or Flax there
the wog' coincidence has come into
their adherents have scarcersingle • • in y a opinion
as it deserved, remarking, that he was a great ego- wishes. There is a faction which, without tody, account ho
Wood-street, who, in consequence of some reluctance to •
tiro scarce at
He then stated that he had changed them, upon re- !
is little alteration.
sh'euld not they too possess the same coincidence of common." It is easy to explain why Mr. Can- which by this time few will be much disposed c,eiving a premium, for one William Bales, shook-keeper,
opinion upon all the other points of State policy ning has entitled himself to the support of the to ' -' , •' • - •
question. Ihe ludicrous importance of this Noble
~ openly opposing, too often thwarts him, to whichSPICES.-Spices are heavy, and it is probable there
which they have hitherto done ? Mr. Peel asks late Opposition; for, as has been again and Marquess was treated exactly as it deserved
he is occasionally obliged to yield, and which he ' • will be a few sales till after the East India Company's 881 e,
that was employed to change them by one Richard Rowley, who , lust, .
then out of place. Bales was apprehended, and he said he .
is often under the necessity of eluding.sat b , some
what course Mr. Canning will pursue upon the again observed, the measures of the Administra- Lordship. Lord Londonderry having applied the had taken them in the payment of his bets at a prize fight. "
faction has sometimes forced upon Min mea- Boswood and Bales were held to bail to appear at the Ses- havevaelleettaketisre 13y at
'S:leettis forenoon 175 bags
subject of Parliamentary reform, and upon that tion, for some years back, have been equally ac- word " rubbish" to the present Ministers, at least, liciiilfpeavy,(ll3eppehr, in small :eag;, untseifrateaa;
sions for having unlawful possession of stolen notes, but no
of a repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, ceptable to liberal Whigs and liberal Tories. "to those who had come in." Lord King happily ob- sures repugnant to his own views and feelings ; \Peeper, heavy, but in small bags unsifted, sold at Sia•s
Lordships who have and he has chosen rather to truckle to it, than indictment was preferred. On Thursday last Rowley waswhich... •th ' for P r • the
should those measuresbe proposed. What a very Nothing could be more just than the observe.- served " there are few of your Lordsh; is e lowest price yet reported Pepper; !
odd procedure it would be in Mr. Peel to propose tion of Sir Francis Burdett : " As a man of not been engaged in building, and who have knewn to endanger his supremacy of place, by open
the Solicitor to the Society of Bankers, produced the opi-
• other parcel, 356 bags, sold in part, half heavy unsiftet's
apprehe.nd.ed, but at his examination a clerk to Mr. Gates,
that rubbish is that which is removed."-Well, if resistance to its encroachments ; but we are
them in order to drive Mr. Canning into disgrace c.oninion sense, I must wish to achieve some ~
Canning the whole country, from one end to the other, do not Luse Peovisioiss.-1n Beef or Pork there is no altera .
a conviction, and the clerk, therefor declined preferring
with those of his present adherents who favour the practical good in my time. If I cannot do all I more disposed to pity the necessity which pre-. • ,
- - nion of Mr. Broderick, that the evidence would not sustain at 341 d•
. tion in the price, the sales are ineonsiderable ;in American
feel the utmost contempt for these huffing, bluster- any charge against the prisoner.
measures, by his opposition to them ! And we would, lam bound, without waiting till, per- • . personages, and the more solemn noodles of the scribes to him that course of conduct, and to ap-. . provisions there are no sales ;some German have been sola
should like to know, in such a case, whether the hags more extensive views may be adopted, to 'esugoLh and -le(sn'atchbull breed we know nothine of prove the prudence which adopts it, than to cen- Sir PETE!: LAURIE strongly expressed his sumpicion that
a compromise bad been effected between the thieves and the at good prices, equal to Si. 10s. for Irish Mesa. Bay°
Reformers and the Dissenters would not rather promote all the good which the opportunity of the gan .-- wnzngChronicle. b
people of En 1 d f M. • ' sure him for not venturing upon a bolder policy.
banker. continues steady. Butters are without alteration.
• • with SPELTRE.-By public sale on Tuesday, 25 tons Spelt
join such an opponent as Mr. Canning the passing moment affords me." The present w congratulatethe inhabitantsof Ilc`-' '
1' general tenour of his administration has been
sincerely
than such an advocate as Mr. Peel. We men- Administration are. able and enlightened men, St. Mary-le-bone on the successful result of their • • Rowley was remanded until yesterday, when Mr. Gates
principles of a constitutional monarchy, and to that
tion this to show the absurdity of a schism be- and exercise the powers entrusted to them hi a • • " "
opposition to one of the most insidious and ne- the establishment' of habits of cordial sympathy that, 500/. would now be given for the production of self- subsided.TOßACCO.-The demand for Tobacco appears to have
There are no purchases made worth re
porting.
tween those wino have hitherto acted together, manner beneficial to the nation •; the men who f • n• i ;I ' there had not been any compromise, and so far from
arious attempts \mica was ever mute tu extend fieient evidence to•
upon mere 'hypothetical or prospective grounds. have quitted office, are neither able nor en-between the subject and the rulers : and its be- G.
heionns, Feanr.-The trade finding the stock of Red Sneyr°
the present abominable of local taxation sidered the Aldermanconhvaidetimt
system, . • . • neficial tendency has been the very reason which. Raisins 40 small, have been picking up what they could;
that he felt anxioust stand justified.
On the other hand, respecting the union which lightened-their views are known to be oar- The whole •
country indeed is, more or less, in-ph‘e‘toeffdesnudeeirls.c-onAdiurc.t
has combined, in opposition to it, men who are4Bs. has been given, and for the remainder, which is nearly
Sir PETER discharged upon his own recognizance.
has taken place-and which has, in truth, un- row ; and, if power were entrusted to them, they debted to them for the fir dm an temperate stand nt 11 d • rth r tTh • next Rowley
- DI
eu ua y oppose in eve yo er espec . ey, in 500/. to appear at the Sessions to answer a y cony- all in the hands of one importer, 50,. is demanded; is
avoidably taken place, between the enduring por- would exercise it - cherish dreams of republican tyranny, plaint that may be preferred. • consequence, the Grocers appear to be turnieg their atten-
tion of the Ministry and the old Opposition, the interests of the nation; and can a better reason be if- b
which, successfully practised in their case, or of military oi 'their•lt was whir erect
ipression, are virulent in d about that a compromise has
• taken lion to New Valencia Raisins, which have been freely in
why a man not altogether irrational, should nut of the quired after, but no actual sales appear to have been sole;
points of their difference and their agree- would soon, we have no doubt, have been ex-place, and that the thieves are to keep 1,200/. o
connect himself with the former, in order to save the hatred towards him, because
they are aware that the demand for Ctirrants continues good, there are toefe
meat have now been summed up ; but, ex- 2 700/.
try from the calamity of being governed by the tended by degrees to every part of the kingdom. system
his of measures tends to preserve the ' arrivals; in other descriptions no alteration.
elusive of a minute investigation, was not the latter?coun ' • Theories of Government are one thing, and And who is it to whom the inhabitants of this peace of Europe, the • •
pe, interruption of which r. Ira -0 L
HATTON-GARDEN.-MORIS OF TUE 111 Al
LIVERPOOL, MAY 3.-There has been a very good de-
COIN
'
vain' AND COINERS.-Three women, named Ann Flynn,
general identity of their opinions long noto- the practical working of any particular Government vast parish were to have owed this delectable - • mend 14 Cotton again to-day, and about 3,000 bags have
might again give them hope, and to esta- Eleanor Smith, and Ellen Curran, were chareed yester-
rious? How else was that expression intelligible, is - boon and bondage, so carefully yet unknowingly e the . ken sold, at yesterday's currency.
bush the Throne on the andaffections habits
of which Mr.
Tierney was the author, that it was feted in such a manner as to promote the security, prepared for them ? Not merely to the district of 1
" His Majesty's Opposition" as much as his Ma- and happiness, and improvement of the people, Rectors themselves the people. Those fanatics, on the other b"rhood of Somers' Town. WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.-May 3.
• , . . . . .
s (whose incomes, though Teastiale, the watch-house keeper in the above neigh- Hay- 81s, Od. to Iss. Od. I loer-7 90s. Od. to is.-
jesty s Ministry ? And what wit was there other- should the Administration change its character, end hand, who are eager to rebuild a system of bigotry Straw-„.-...-... 38... (Si. to 42.. Oti.
much diminished by its agitation, would not hourhood met the prisoners on Saturday last, in Somers' ------ .
wig in that expression of Mr. Cunning's, in which,
, s . ich, aim at making the people unhappy and ignorant . 0 and despotism, hate him ; because they see
Town, . and knowing them to be smashers, or passers of
' have been augmented by its succeeding), but by PRICES op- HOPS (per Cwt. )-May 4.
that he will never view their schemes with a friendl • •
nevertheless, there was much wit, that, like Dennis' these will not, if they should be driven by " ' oppression Y cointericit coin, he watched them. He observed one of Kent Pockets
11
the critic, the Opposition claimed all the invention of to seek relief from organical Reform, be less fit for their sycophantic toad-eaters in that very 'body, eye, nor voluntarily lend to them a helping hand.- the E. Smith, into the. Dukeof York public- Sussex Ditto --------- -4!. tis. 41: I2s. to 51. 05- .1
the pi - piece . even the thunder was their thunder ? And it on account of the previous improvement acquired whose duty it was, if they had any duty at all Both classes join in raisine a clamour against him ; house, three,shortly go
come out. He then in . Essex Ditto, . .-- 41. 10s. Si. Os. to 51.15e'
01. Os. 81. Os. to 91
azitd7t; and
.afterwards went Farnham Ditto, rice Ol.
those things happened while Lord Liverpool was at under a beneficient Administration. " With re d gar connected vvith the subject, to protect those and yet if Villele were drawn from his place, we quire(' of Abs. Dixon, the landlady, what the prisoner „,„ os. os. 71. Os to Al
31. 16s. 41. 10s. to 51.',(0)55"
the head of the Ministry. The best way which the to the Catholic Question itself (says the Lublin whose interests they are deputed to guard, from know not in whom France would find a Minister had been doing? Mrs. Dixon informed him, that she had ;',esact:Tegttil
- 3 l. 3l. 10s. 4/. Os, t 6 41. „Ir.,'
seceders could have adopted to prevent the union Evening Post) we may venture to say, care will be this and similar injuries. What has occurred more likely to consult her best interests. Within been getting a email glass of rum, in payment for which Essexis Di tr 00....- N. 12s. 4/. s. to 41.
which they they now deplore,would bare - upon this subject affords a strong corroboration the last four years, there• have been two measures she gave a shilling. He looked at the shilling and found Old Duty laid at Xll,OOO,
........../
show less arrogance to his Majesty-to claim less publics. They will not play the game of their one-of the •
necessity we have for a long time strenu- adopted by the French Ministry, in opposition to it to be bad. He then came out and followed the pri-
soners again. He saw Ellen Curran go into a small snuff- Yorkshire Kidneys
PRICE OF POTATOES.-May 2.
41.'105. to 5!. .os. per Ton.
dominion over him-to leave him to the exercise of miss. They will not enact the drama played off b , . every sound principle of Government. The one Scotch Reds ~. 4/. 10s. to /. Os.ditto.
Y ousl advocated, of a minute and thorough ins , • • • • -hie Clarence-
inplace, Pentonville and come out shortly
his own free-will in the choice of
vestigation into the constitution, as well as the besides that • after and the other two prisoners. When they passed
it proceeded from very short-sighted • found Marsh Champions - -4/. 10s. to 5L Os. ditto.
say it contradicts the tenour of their lives, to silos; of Richelieu, who was at the head of a moderateanother hashshilling had
on he went in andthat
..i
, PRICES OF LEATHER. (i
any thing but the most marked respect to the will Government, but who was compelled to yield to proceedings of Select Vestries throughout the views of consequences, was conducted with a mostthere. Coining out he met the prisoner Smith
been passed. ler lb. 3. red. , Per to
of the Sovereign.
It contradicted, in like manner, the unnatural junction with the }ench Ultrass; the metropolis, in the first instance, and eventually disgiaceful want of sincerity and good faith in t going into the same shop. He stopped her, and found 8utt5..........-50 to %lb.- 1 Tanned Horse Hides-. 14 „i
the tenour of
Squire Western's life to study any effect of which was to place the latter in power, throughout the kingdom at large. As know- diplomatic communications; but, for that insanity jeutee shilling her hand. I- e then took all the prisoners
in I Ditto-,-,20 to
Dressing 661 b..... 22 23 Spanish Ditto -............... 14 '
Hides 131. 15 Per dozed. •
2S
thin
gbut the happiness of his daughter: and yet and to oust for another generation the Liberals from ledge is power, we have uniformly advised,d dishonesty, V• 11 1 isnotanswerable. The •
au , ie e -
28
lie did this so t• • * paruncally, that the spirited young office. The misconduct of the latter almost merited and still do so, most ean d that
ies y, some measure and the steps which led to it were the The three shillings were inspected by Mr. Field, of the Crop Hides, 35 to 40Ib. 14 15 1 Ditto ........... 50 to '7olb. 24 „.78
Ditto _ _...45 to 50Ib. 15 17 Ditto .-..- 70 to 801 b. 201
lady was obliged to quit his roof,-Times. the punishment it received. No ; the Catholics Member of Parliament would. be persuadedi handy-work of Chateaubriand; and it is generally Mint, and he pronounced them to be base. He also stated Ditto _.._l7 19 1 Small Seals, Greenland 18 -"' •
.--------'
It does not always happen that a man finds will be true to themselves. They will sacrifice no to move for a Return of the amount of all understood, that, if the counsels of Villele had pre- that they were struck from the "Vauxhall die." . RAW HIDES. .
I if,
the world of the same opinion with himself as to principle--they will put no right in abeyance; Parochial Rates end Taxes and of the manner n
: , a ner veiled, Spain would have been left to herself. The The prisoners were fully committed. Per Stone. s.d. to s. d. Per Stone. s. d. toll 0,
but they will not aid the Tories in their campaign ee • • other measure, of which the blame may, in part, or MARLBOROUGH-STREET. - Mourn. -Nester- ;leistdlrnelfers ta Steers, 1(6) 32,
iqradri=7................. 1 10
..N.
his importance. When coincidences of the kind of weir application. It is quite monstrous, • Id li gs- 70 e
____.
, against Mr. Canning." This is the language of in whole, be thrown upon Villele, is the lately pro- day, - Iphigenia Morse, was finally examined, as to the
do h•
appenshowever, the individual so honoured • that self-elected, jobbing bodies,as of - dof the SHEEP SKINS. m
sound sense. Mr. Canning says be will oppose . , most posed law - Downs.---.„.....- 25.4 d. to3s. 4d. I Larab5............-.........05. Od. to ds. •o-' 1
has no little reason for self rirat 1' u ation. One of parliamentary d h -11 R those, we believe, will (be found to be, should as- was brought forward with the ettoetion of the Mini- chapel. Fifteen witnesses were examined. Polled - 3s. 6d. to 40. 6d. •_,
Reform, an cWI oppose the e- e-- '
these happy coincidences is exemplified in the peal of the Test and Corporation Acts. e I think,. some an irresponsible power of mulcting the cum- stry, of which he was the head, its fate shows plainly The facts of the case are already before the public, and PRICE OF TALLOW, SOAP, 4c. per 1121 b-May 3.1 ~
ease of Sir Thomas-Lethbridge. Sir Thomas he says, " that the exertions of the Legislature munity to what extent they please; and, as in the enough thathe was not dissatisfied with its failure. It nothing new was elicited yesterday. -- Town Tallow -----...:., 445. Od. Yellow 5Jap.::,................. 785. a '
Yellow Russia 4os. Od. Mottled ...............-................ 84'.
......03 Oa-
'---- -= . "21'" his ground as the leader of the 0 1 pposi 1011. ought to be directed to the relief of practical mid case before us, should.endeavour to do so upon sub- was clearly a measure forced upon-him by an influence Mr.- CONANT told the prisoner that the more he heard white- - • od,
jects on which their powers-bad and extensive which it is -dangeronato meet by a direct opposition. the greater was his suspicion strengthened of her guilt. ?;,;eatetel3itou
_.
- • rapacity he vs at once acknowledged b • not theoretical grievances • and that inasmuch as
) . ,She must have had some reason for telling so many people tte , 33s. Od. Good Dregs „, . 55. '''''
- ,any meddling with the Test Act might go to pre-. enough as they are-can give them no shadow of With these exceptions, the- policy in which Villele Ditto Rough 20s. Od. ~ - • ..---
‘,4._ es- eOlighanas . But before -the secrets of the the deceased had been buried on Wednesday, when his death
judice that great question, .the success of which I cadence to interfere, We are Vail, therefore, to concurred, while he ivas not absolutely at the head PRICE OF RAW FAT, per stone of 81b.-April 27- 53.
•• ' • 3sition -Counsels, which assigned to him have hear that the persons who have, with so much not known to the people of the house until Thursda e p*r l TII •,e iy aow (as stated by the fallow.Melters) .......-e,....2......„.....
most truly at heart, therefore I will oppose of the Administration; or which he has prosecuted as w" . . ) t 1
ie.-, distinction-before the speech of Mr. • laudable zeal and propriety, set on foot- the recent The pis .
soner declared her innocence. She was fully -as-
it." How far the grievances of which the Dissent- Prime Minister,' has been favourable to the internal PRICE OF CANDLES. •
Brougham, acknowledging it could be known-a ors complain come within the description of then- proceedings .in the parish of Marylebone, do not improvement of France, to the extension of her com- committed for trial for the murder. ..,. . The price of Store Candles, in the retail shops, is as follovi5:6:1,
Candles, per doz. Hs. Od. to 9s. Od. 1 Moulds, Ina dozen .......105'
Dublin contemporary who is extremely well ac- retical or practical, we shall not now inquire; but mean to stop here. It is the mare incumbent upon mercial connections, anaito the.maintenance.of arni-
quainted. not owl .with: Irish affairs, but with the most assuredly the Dissenters, though they might them' that they should not, as they are nritlonbtedly cable relations. with other countries ; more especially, THE MODERN HISTORY OF A FOUNDLING. COUNTFtY CORN MARKETS DURING nit wEvj.:.-
various conflicting interests, and the state of par- lose not a little by - 'Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beons•
aware that, even- io the face of their recent proceed- the conduct of Villele, with. respect -to the tele- -Some months since, an account appeared in the different
ties in this country, on which he bestow t 5 grea nisters, would be less likely to gain the removal of ings, a little junta of the Vestry is, at this time, se- rjeons between- Spain- and Portugal, has, hitherto, metropolitan rnals of a deserted
dulously at work, manufacturing a fresh P • child which. fell under .
Per' Quarter. . s. to s. s. to .s. s. to s. 8. to 4,.;5•
Parliamentary been marked by a sincerity, a ((endow-, arid a manli- the care of AlAir. Bishop, the principal officer in Newgate, . Ashburn. . . 0 66 1 48 36 47 62 -
attention, only wishing to gratify the curiosity of the grievances of which they complain from men . se
who only agitate the question from motives e
e f proceeding, the details of which we would strongly
o ac- ness, to which we should- have some difficulty in -
whose humanity in its protection was then, and most de- Banbury --- 51 58 40 42 40 45 60 65
Basingstoke .............. 53 60 37 40- 30 33 53 60 ,
his readers, respecting a point as to which all are
recommend the Parochial Committee (the real re- ending a parallel in the -history of French di rrvedlb Bath
tion, than from Ministers. We trust that they will 52 59 38 45 33 40 60 53 •
curious, but
,having at the same time no other re-resentatives of the parish) to watch most narrotily. ti., Undersuch •
acy. - rei -39 34 --' r. 6
not be behind the Catholics in prudence. We have P with Mr. Bishop's volunteering on behalf of the abandoned Ilaidneat -
sources than what were supplied by a natural sa- explained why Mr. Canning has entitled himself to They have seen with what facility claims the most made in Paris to bring this; Minister into odium, ITtie 'on; possessed in themselves an air of romance, butßristol
.Chesterfield . 54 58 4, 48.
lilt' acting on 'the knowledge above alluded to, the support of the late fi ; i appos.t.on; but we suspect ebnoxious, and principles the most unjust and un- seem to us to show a total miappreliension, or in- what has suesequently transpired in consequence of their eventr -
-7- -. ..
2 66
2 -40 -44, 3 53° . 4440 '2 48
6064
singled out Sir Thomas Lethbridge as the most the Lethbridges, the Gooches, the Knatchbulls,et hoc constitutional, cats be smuggled into Private Bills;
difference, as to the true interests of France and the publicity gives them additional interest. Shortly after the 13erby • 6O 61 --3840 58 ~-:,
Devizes - I
and it will require, we can assure them, all their
suitable leader of the Oppovition, The Dublin genus omne, would be a good deal puzzled to explain French Monarchy.-New Times. affair had come before the public, a lady, who is not the Doncaster
vigilance to take Care that even the very measure least among the ruling stars of the fauhionable world, sent Dorchester 50 CO 39 40 30 :3f4 56 •--
Evening Post of Tuesday last, the Journal in why they supported Lord Liverpool's Administra- --____ .
_ ,xeter.....----,-.. 52 60 36 40 26 38 g
which is given up in one shape is not entailed upon to 'Mr. Bishop, a person of gentlemanly and profesaional I
'observes, "Wh "11 bleader f
question, . o will e the o tion between which and themselves there was not
them in some other.--illorizing Herald.. MEETINGS OF CREDITORS. Eye-------. 46 54, 36 39 26 32 48 ea
the New Opposition, it is difficult to say. Mr. the 'slightest •
agreement as to any one
.poipt, . appearance to see his protege. It is to be presumed his .Gloucester---. 56 60 46 48 32 44 6° 55
Guildford ------ 44 C
except their agreeing to have their share in the The political excitement in France, arising LONDON DI ARY...TITEEIDAY, May 8.-(At the Court of report was favourable, for in a few days afterwards, her Henley ,
50
il. 38 43 33 44 gt
Peel is too high-minded a man to lend himself' Commissioners, Ba.singhall-street.) Ladyship called in person, at Netvgate, and saw what she tiungerford -....-... 42 64 32
V 3 30 7(1 o' 4 47
expenditure of the public money. With respect out of the late attempt to shackle the Press, and
to faction. In this dilemma we would recom- Ashton, J. Tottenham-court I Dudley, , 'P., King-street, called, L'Enfant trouve. Its appearance pleased her, sslch ..... 52 62 36 41 - -:. 44 78
to all the measures of practical operation, and the prevent the free exercise of opinion, proves that
, is:r, ll - Westminster 2
1 and if she hesitated at all, its infantine playfulness soon Leicester__3ls_i___. 58 62 42 45 41 43 68 53
mend Lethbridge by all means This .. Honour- principles on which they were founded, thed ' •
the ommion of priestcraft has not made the er, J. Henrietta-street 10 Elliot, J., Hayes
Burdwood and Co., Ds,. FO,O, r., St. Alban's lO seized upon her affections, and she at once expressed her Newbury
51 , Ileit ........„.,. 50 54 40 44. 33 39 48 60 '
SO 65 38 43 30 42 55
able Gentleman represents the nonsense of the Gooches, the Lethbridges, and the rest of the in that aunts which the friends of ci-
progress c y port
- Chappell, \V., Strand . . ... : 9 mont-street ' 10 intention of adopting the child, which was immediately re- Northampton _55583842 34 40
,55 60
acting .........-......- 54 67 42 44 28 38 54 as,
Tory Country Gentlemen. If not witty himself, clodpoles, were decidedly opposed
.to them. They' - et Black- "c
Deddington 10,Greatley, E, H0xt0n......... 10 moved in her own carriage to the country house, ,,
, o.oisbury 50 -
1 and religious tyranny calculated upon. There Churchill, s.,
he is the cause of wit in others ; and though pass- could not, indeed, vote against the measures, for vi Clark, .1., ' Montague-street - 2 Given C., Devonshire-sq. 10 heath,where it - remained for about 10 days. When tier Sandwich*. 57 63 38 41 30 3.5 40
can be no doubt that the Ecclesiastical power Coley,
F. Br oad-st reet 9 Haan, J., Fleet-triarket 1 • • • • •
- husband arrived from a visit to his. relatives on the Con- Shaftesbury -- - 53 - 42 - 36 •••••• 55
ing dull, he would produce no little amuseinent.- very substantial reasons, but they took no pains to . ,
.Censett, A. Friday-street 1 Hedges, T., Birmingham... .11
which has been for some years predominant at tinent, he expressed a most decided to its adoption,
ilieeapftoorl Mallet - m rs il? 2 .g.,,,- g: N 56
But we shall not anticipate-a few days will bring conceal their hostility. They showed that they felt erase 0., Wycombe ll Hopkins, E., Fenchurch- ....
• o uneasy like other owls at tile light which broke in the Court of Versailles, had long .contemplatid Craig, G., Hoxton 9 street l° and her Ladyship with a proper conjugal deference Trurci ------- 60 -37-36 '- ---• 60
this monstrous birth to light. In one point , . , , , Dempsey and Reis, Wells- Jacobs, H., Plueniir-st.
abandoned, and sent it back to
• -its first present and most Taunton „ 52 58 40 44 32 34 -56 se
on them. It is truly ludicrous to hear Sir Thomas the total overthrow of 'every thing like rational street - '74 42 44 33 43 48 54
our Dublin Contemporary, t t •
~ ,y, we regret o say, is Dobson, T. Holborn . .....
with whom it still Wakefield* 56 63 40 44 33 35, 51 56
droning out his pity for the Catholics ala Ellen- liberty in France. This sort of warfare a ainst
g Wantage--.--- 55 63 30 42 30 37 41 6,9
wrong, " Mr. Peel, he.:says, "is too high-continues.
ind " What t 'th , people Of human intellect and social i r v n 1
nap o erne t alas ever cougTRY pi.ARY.-TritaDAY,. May 8.
- Warminster --,.. 49 57 32 45 35 40 66 54
minded a man to lend himself to faction." So borough • Dawson. mus `" •- o•
Allen and Co irmin bam-Roval hotel, Birnun ham ll Yeovil _ , 4B 56 39 42 34 40 52, ,3,
Ireland think of their present abandoned condition?
• been the policy, of the Church of Rome Nor M., Kn g ' ki
~ areshorough-Dog and Duck, ngston- THE MARKETS. Per Bushel. s. d. s. d. s. cl. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d• "'.j. 6
thought we. But alas, we must, w
e fear, add This is rather too much I-Not altogether at case is it
to be wondered at, as the fabled infallibility Appleton,
zr--iii il Buckingham.--. 6 0 7 6 4 0 5 0 3 6 4 3 6 0 0 0
~5.., w. Snuthnort-Mionre. Liverpool l9 ..... . - ..- , ars ,-- r‘,..ront of Ti1011(1•VP \ Shrewsbury --- 8 9 9060'668 3 11 0 0 0

We sincerely congratulate the inhabitants of
St. Mary-le-bone on the, successful result of their
opposition to one of the most insidious and ne,
farious attempts which was, ever made to extend
the present abominable system of local taxation.
The whole country indeed is, more or less, in-
debted- to them for the firm and temperate stand
which they have made against this innovation ;
which, if successfully practised in, their case,
would soon, we have no doubt, have been ex-
tended by degrees to every part of the kingdom.
And who is it to whom the inhabitants of -this
vast parish were to have owed this delectable
boon. and bondage, so carefully yet unknowingly
prepared for them ? Not merely to the district
,Rectors themselves (whose incomes, though
•
much diminished, by its agitation, would not
have been augmented by its succeeding), but by
their sycophantic toad-eaters in that very body,
whose duty it was, if they had any duty at all
connected with the subject, to protect those
Whose interests they. are deputed to guard, from
this and similar injuries. What has occurred
upon this subject affords a strong corroboration
of the necessity we have fora long time strenu-
ously advocated, of a minute and .thorough in,
•vestigation into the constitution, as well as the
proceedings, of Select Vestries throughout the
metropolis,-in the first instance, and eventually
throughout the kingdom at large. As know-
ledge is pOwer, we have uniformly advised,
and still do so, most earnestly, that some
Member of Parliament would be persuaded
to move for a Return of the amount of all
Parochial Rates and Taxes; and of the manner
of their application. It is quite monstrous,
that self-elected, jobbing bodies, as most of
those, we believe, will [be found to be, should as-
sume an irresponsible power of mulcting the com-
munity to what extent they please; and, as in the
case before us, should.endeavour to do so upon sub-
jects on which their powersbad and extensive,'
enough as they are—can give them no shadow of
pretence to interfere. We are •glad, therefore, to
hear that the persons who have, with so much
laudable zeal and propriety, set. on.foot the recent
proceedings . in the parish of Marylebone, do note
mean to stop here. It is the more incumbent upon
them that they should not, as they are undoubtedly
aware that, even in the face of their recent proceed-
ings, a little junta of the Vestry is, at this time, se-
dulously at work, manufacturing a fresh Parliamentary
proceeding, the 'details of which we would strongly
recommend the Parochial Committee (the real re-
presentatives of the parish) to watch most narrol+ly.
They have seen with what facility claims the most
obnoxious, and principles the most unjust and un-
constitutional, can be smuggled into Private Bills;
and it will require, we can assure them, all their
vigilance to take _care that even the very measure
which is given up in one shape is not entailed upon
them in some other.—Morning Herald..
The political. excitement in France, arising
out of the late attempt to shackle the Press, and
prevent the free exercise of opinion, proves that
the dominion of priestcraft has not made the
progress in that country which the friends'of ci-
vil and religious tyranny calculated upon. There
can be no doubt that the Ecclesiastical power
which has been for some years predominant at
the Court of Versailles, had long contemplated
the total overthrow of lever), thing like rational
-liberty--in France. This sort of warfare against
human intellect and social improvement has ever
been the policy, of the. Church of Rome Nor
is it to be wondered at,•as the fabled infallibility
of that Church is. founded upon the ignorance
and consequent superstition of mankind. ,An'y
power which dreads the diffusion of knowledge
must be in its nature bad--,-but the Church of
'Rome, which has no enemy like intelligence,
never obtains a. footing in any place without set-
ting about to extinguish the right of free publi-.
cation, if it is found to exist, and even to abro-
gate the privilege of thought. But still we must
acknowledge that the ~i,-anny over 'the Press-
which the priests have vainly endeavoured to es-
tablish in France is not worse than that which
another class of persons actually exercise over
the Press in this country. The bigoted and ir-
rational
hostility which most of...the Judges
entertain towards that power which has been
more instrumental than any other in enlightening
,mankindrgives encouragement to the basest and
,most profligate, characters., in society to proceed
against newspapers in actions of libel ; and men
whose characters are toO, highly estimated at a
single shilling„or one farthing,. can put a news- ,
paper. to the expense of hundreds of pounds in
defending an action of this nature. The low class
of Solicitors, being aware of this, instigate the most
trumpery :actions, ,well i knowing that, if the client
should only recover„ in the way of damages, the
smallest coin in the realm, the defendant must pay
ell the costs,• which .amount -to a very considerable
penalty. It is wonderful with what sympathy most
of the Judges listen to any charge which the most
audacious vagabond or swindler may 'make against
the Press. Let • only the most worthless or depra-
ved member of society... be at one end of an 'action,
and a newspaper, 'however respectable, at another,
and, in nine instances out, of ten;-the Judge will' sum
up in favour of the delinquent, on,whom the brand
of public opinion, hai, in consequence: of ' his mis-
deeds, been indelibly fixed. By a metaphysical re.
finement in pleading, a defendant cannot justify a
libel'under the plea of " Not Guilty ;" and if he
should plead a' justification, such is the technical
nicety required, that however good his cause may be,
there -is such a danger of falling - into some verbal
inaccuraey„which ,may, have all the consequences
of an adverse verdict, that few like to put in such a
plea, and thus the worst ruffian that ever stript
others of their peace or property—whether he be an

the punishment it received. No ; the Catholics
will be true to themselves. They will sacrifice no
principle—they will put no right in abeyance;
but they will not aid the Tories in their campaign
against Mr. Canning." This is the language of
sound sense. Mr. Canning says he will oppose
Parliamentary Reform, and he will oppose the Re-
peal of the Test and Corporation Acts. " I think,"
he says, " tbat the exertions of the Legislature
ought to be directed to the relief of practical awl
not theoretical grievances ; and that inasmuch as
any meddling with the Test Act might go to pre-
judice that great question, , the success of which I
have-most truly at heart, therefore I will oppose
." How far the grievances of which the Dissent-
ers complain come .within the description of theo-
retical or practical, we shall not now inquire ;. but
most assuredly. the Dissenters, though they might
lose not a little by the expulsion of the present Mi-
nisters, would be less likely to gain the removal of
the grievances of which they complain from men
who only agitate the question from motives fac-
tion, than from Ministers. We trust that they will
not be behind the Catholics-in prudence. We have
explained why Mr. Canning has entitled himself to
the support of the late Opposition; but we suspect
the Lethbridges, the Gooches, the Knatchhulls, et hoc
genus omne, would be a good deal puzzled to explain
why they- supported Lord Liverpool's Administra-
tion, between which and themselves there was not
the slightest agreement as to any one point,
except their agreeing to have their share in the
expenditure of the public money. With respect
to all the measures of practical operation, and the
principles on which they were founded, the
Gooches, the Lethbridges-, and the rest of the
clodpoles, were decidedly opposed to them. They
could not, indeed, vote against the measures, for
very substantial reasons, but they took no pains to
conceal their hostility. . They showed that they felt
uneasy, like other owls at the light which broke in
on them. It is truly ludicrous to hear Sir Thomas
droning out his pity for the Catholics, a la Ellen-
borough and Dawson. " What must the people of
Ireland think of their present abandoned condition?"
This is rather too much !--Not altogether at case
with respect to his numbers, Sir Thomas, with true
electioneering tact, calls out, though we are rather,low
on the poll to-day, you will see what forces we shall
be able, to bring up in a. day or two. Do not
be discouraged at the sorry appearance we cut to-
day.. The Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Peel)
is alone a host; he will draw over others to a cer-
tainty. " I feel (says Sir Thomas) that there
are others who will soon take their proper station,
and oppose any Administration which shall, not act
on the principles of the Constitution, and C..at these
Benches will ere long be filled with those who have
the talent and ability becoming the good cause which
they support," Sir Thomas may hold this language;
but if he trusts for his Cause to talent and ability, it
will come, we fear, to but a poor account. Mr.
Peel's brother, by the bye, Mr. Wm. Peel, found
himself -under thenecessity of withdrawing his con-
fidence from the Right Hon. Gentleman at the head
of the present Administration," becausehe saw him
now surrounded and supported by visionary theorists
and political ecomornists." Admirable.! ~Is this
Mr. Peel's cramming; and are we to infer from this,
that the Mr. Peel, who in all matters of foreign and
domestic policy, with the exception of the Catholic
Question, was of one opinion with Mr. Canning, has
gone fairly over to the Gooches and Lethbridges ?
Well, this would lie crowning his reputation !
Morning Chronicle.
We never yet knew a poltroon who was not
also a swaggerer. We should be sorry to affirm
the converse of the proposition, namely,-that we
never knew a swaggerer who was not a poltroon,
for some very brave men have the failing of talk-
ing big. This, however, we will affirm, that it
is never very becoming in a brave man to use
what sounds like the language of gasconade.
We have no doubt that Lord Londonderry is a
very brave man ; and we are, therefore, sorry
to see him speaking in a style which never can
become an experienced soldier. .Lord Harrow-
by, one of the mildest and most conciliating men
that ever sat in Parliament, having conceived
that the Noble Marquis was out of order, rose
respectfully to call him to order ; but it having
been suggested by' Lord Lauderdale that, as
there was a motion before the House, the oh-
sery icons, however irregular, were not exactly

It does not always happen that a man finds
the world of the same opinion with himself as to
his importance. When coincidences of the kind,
do happen,however, the individual so honoured
has no little reason for self-gratulation. One of
these happy coincidences is exemplified in the
case of Sir Thomas- Lethbridge. Sir Thomas
= ',Pr his around as the leader of the Opposition.
• -opacity he was at once acknowledged by
• _ -ougham. But before -the secrets of the
Couesels, which assigned to him
distinction—before the speech of Mr.
Brougham, acknowledging it could be known—a
Dublin contemporary who is extremely well ac-
quainted not only with Irish affairs, but with the
various conflicting interests, and the state of par-
ties in this country, on which he bestows great
attention, only wishing to gratify the curiosity of
his readers, respecting a point as to which all are
curious, but having at the same time no other re-
sources than what were supplied by a natural sa-
gacity acting on 'the knowledge above alluded to,
singled out Sir Thomas Lethbridge as the most
suitable leader of the Opposition, The Dublin
Evening Post of Tuesday last, the Journal in
question, observes, ".Who will be the leader of
the New Opposition, it is difficult to say. Mr.
Peel is too high-minded a man to lend himself
to faction. In this dilemma we would recom-
mend Lethbridge by all means. This Honour-
able Gentleman represents the nonsense of the
Tory Country Gentlemen. If not witty himself,
he is the cause of wit in others ; and though pass-
ing dull, he would produce no little amusement.—
But we shall not anticipate—a few days will bring
this monstrous birth to light." In one point
our Dublin Contemporary, we regret to say, is
wrong, " Mr. Peel," he says, " is too high-
minded a man to lend himself to faction." So
thought we. But alas, we must, we fear, add
this to the many other instances in which we
have erred by thinking too favourably of indi
viduals. We, like our Contemporary, drew our
inferences from the character of Mr. Peel's
mind. But man is a compound being, and the
heart has sometimes as much to do with the de-
terminations of men as the head. We could not,
however, know what was pent up in the,bosom
of the Right Hon. Gentleman. However, Sir
T. Lethbridge yet occupies the post of honour.
Last night, when Mr. Harries moved that the
House should go into a Committee of Supply,
he boldly' in a speech,. evidently. the result of
much labour, though abounding with natural
touches of the most felicitous kind,- proposed
nothing less than the stopping the supplies. Be-
fore voting the money of the people of England,
Sir Thomas thought he had a right to know all
those to whom it was to be entrusted ; and
he was not satisfied with Mr. Canning's an-
swer on Thursday night. " I confess (he
said), I never heard that sort of language,
used last night by the First Minister of the
Crown, held before ; he uttered only a single sen-
tence, conveying, indeed, all he intended it to
convey ; but it could not be heard with satisfac-
tion even by the warmest of the friends by whom
he was surrounded." Some of Sir Thomas's
friends, we suspect, would have been well pleased
if Mr. Canning had continued to utter only mo-
nosyllables throughout the evening ; for, unfor-
tunately for the thick-sculled race, Mr. Can-
ning's sentences are often of a kind to be remem-
bered at their expellee. It is Swift, we believe,
who observes, that there is always a conspiracy
among the dunces against a clever man. It is
curious to observe, in the late breaking up of
the Cabinet, the confirmation of this observation.
The really clever men in the late Cabinet (with
the exception of Mr. Peel, who, as Mr. Cobbett,
in his Register of this day, observes, " wanted
to be Minister himself, or to secure the reversion
of the office") are all with Mr. Canning. The
rest hated him, because they felt that they were
greatly inferior to him. They hated him for the
same reason that they hate Ir. Huskisson, be-

COUNTRY DIARY.—TintEMAY, MAY R
Allen and Co., BirMingharn—Royal hotel, Birmingham
Appleton, M., Knare,horough—Dog and Duck, Kingston-
upon-Hull
Barlow, E., Southport—George, Liverpool
Bates, J., South Crossland, Almondbury—Packhorse, Hud-
dersfield
Cope, C., Birmingham—Royal hotel, Birmingham
Eyland, L., Walsall—AJnion Birmingham
Geronirno, P., Bristolßoyal hotel, Birmingham
Hatton, H., Liverpool--George, Liverpool
Hodgson, D., Harrison—Black Lion, hitehaven
Holroyde, A., Triangle in Sowerby—O ce of Messrs. Alex-
ander, Halifax
Ma'am, W., Lincoln—Court-house, Leeds
Meredith, W., Bristol—New Inn, Abingdon
Mitchell, J., Liverpool—York hotel, Liverpool
Morin, J., Carzield—King's Arms, Carlisle
Price, J., Wednesbury—Royal hotel, Birmingham
Pooley,, T., Norwich—Castle and Lion, Norwich
Richards; 1.. Cheltenhain—Rmral hotel, Birmingham
Richardson,- F., Ormskir'..7.—Whe.atsheaf, Ormakirk
Roach, J., Bristol—Commercial rooms, Bristol
'Row, W., son., St. Pcters—Turf; Newcastle
Rabb,. T., 'forquay-;-Commercial rooms, Bristol
.Swannell, J. Chatters—Crown;
Wilkinson, J., Leeds—Court-house, Leeds
Winnington, Manchester—.Mosey!Atms, Manchester

(From the New London Price Current of Tuesday.)
Suctau.—The prevalence of easterly winds preventing
the usual supplies of sugars, and the demand continuing
extensive, particularly for Refining, occasioned an ad-
voice in the prices this week of 2s. on strong Sugars, and
Is. on the other descriptions, and at this advance the
market has been nearly cleared of good Muscovado!. The
market this morning presents an uncommon appearance;
notwithstanding the stock in the dock is now about 9,000
casks (taking into calculation the deliveries going forward
this week) yet scarcely a board of sugar is to he seen,—
many of the most eminent of the broker's houses have not
a hogshead left. At a late hour no Z..gars but low brown
are left in the market,' except at one house, where there
is a plentiful supply of Montserrat Sugars. ' In the Re-
fined market the demand for the home trade for fine, and
the request for Lumps and Crushed for export to the Me-
diterranean, occasioned a farther a....vanee of Is. to 26.
which appears to have checked the demand, as the buyers
appear .unwilling to submit to the Prises now asked. Mo-
lasses have again advanced. Shipping goods are still
heavy ; fine descriptions and Crushed continue much in-
quired for ; generally the prices are higher, 'and, at the
close of the day there appears a revival of the request for
export. Foreign Sugars are held for higher prices, but
the purchases are not extensive, on account of the very
few parcels offering for sale, the necessary consequence of
the reduced stock. •

The beautiful range of mountains, in the vi-
cinity, of Tralee, are covered with snow, at this
advanced season of the _year. The like , singular
appearance has been observable in the neighbour-
hood of Limerick.—Freeman's Journal.
We are glad.to find from a letter published by
Mr. Charles Butler, Clerk to the Company, that
the Thames Tunnel, so far from being in dan- I
ger, is perfectly safe, and has already (within the
last three days), been visited by upwards of
2,000 persons.
TUNNEL UNDER. THE MERSEY.--On Sa-
turday last_ a meeting took place at the King's
Arms, Castle-street, pursuant to public adver-
tisement, for the purpose of forming a• company
to carry this project into. execution. Sir John
Tobin having been called to the chair, Mr.
Beamish, one of the .engineers of the. Thames
tunnel &stated, on, the pact,-of ,-Mr. Brunel, the
decided practicability of that measure ; and a re-
solution having been proposed, that application
be, made to the, Mayor' and Common. Council
of Liverpool, and to Francis Richard Price, Esq.
to obtain their opinion .onLtha subject and their
sanction of. plans to be submitted for a ,purposiso
obviously.beneficial, to the town of Liverpool' and
the public, the meeting_ was adjourned. to Friday
nezt,., 'twelve, clock, at the:Kiugs,Awks,
Caitle-street, Liverpool, to receive the answers
to such applications.—Liverpool Courier.

-----
CorrEE.—There is little alteration in the prices of Cof-
fee this week ; ordinary St. Domingo sold about 445.,
good ordinary 455. ; the coloury British Plantation goes
off with some spirit, and the late prices are fully supported.
The public sales this forenoon again attracted much atten-
tion, particularly after the result of the first sale, which
was brought forward at an unusually early hour, and there
were few persons in the sale-room ; 181 bags of very good
ordinary St. Domingo sold at 435. and' 435. 6d., which is
la. 6d. lower than any previous sale ; the other parcel of
St. Domingo wad withdrawn from sale. The Jamaica
and Berbice nearly supported the previous prices, except
good ordinary Jamaica, the latter sold lower, 495. 6d.

Ous6-.-The prices of Greenland. Oil are without alters:.
tion ; pale Southern is heavy at 301.,, and some consider-
able sales are reported. by.private contract rather lower.
Sperm has greatly advanced ; there are sales at 371. 105.,
and $B/..is,now asked. , ,

BRANDI) AND HOLLANDS.—The Spirit Market
is very heavy. In Brandy or Geneva there is no altera-
tion. .At a late hour some fine JarnaiesS2 and' 38 over
sold at 4s. A parcel of Leewards averaging proofs at 2s. 2d.
• Soamrorrnit:—By Public Sale on Tuesday 1,020 bags
Saltpetre sold 22si a 225. 6d.
Hors.—There have been considerable sales of Hops at
ildValloo of 20. a 4s, per cwt, and the duty had fallen
