RUN, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1835

74W

•
I. it
property, and the poorer inhabitants of Biscay are
worn out in a struggle, which, tertuinate as it will, must
have a very limited effect upon their condition.
The French Ministerial Journals devote a portion
of their columns to the wisdom and sound policy of
the late Royal Ordinance, founded on the Report of
the French Minister of Commerce, for the reduction
and regulation of the Coal and Iron Duties. The re-
duction
of
mid the
4...w0-tiAirds of the duty on
~vacs,
amount ot drawbacks allowed on exported woollen
goods, will, it is su,pposed,
footing with Great place France on an equal
Britain. The article of the Cour-
tier Francais on this important subject will be f'ound
in another part of The Sun.
FRENCH FUNDS.—FARTS, OCTOBER 14.
Five per Cents., IoBf. tlOc. 55c. 05c. 70c. 60e.
Four per Cents., 98f. 80c.
Three per Cents. 82f. 50. Ioe. lit.
National Loan, 1080 50c.
Rente de Naples, 99f. 40e. 3le.
Roman Five per Cents.,
dente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 20;4
Royal Spanish Loan, 33%.
RentePerpet.sPEspagne, Five per Cent., 3314 1.,,!‘i 325 33.
Iteigian Lean, Five per Cents., 1011%.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 89;4.
Portuguese Three per Cents. i3j4.
BECRANthi ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —f. —c ; money, Tit 53c.
Three months, paper, '23f. 40c. money, 25f. Dixie.
—Cuurs Authentigue.

BOURSA THRICE O'CLOCK.—The Three per Cents. continue
to improve. They opened to day at 82f. 5c., got up to 82f.
20c. buyers, and then receded to 82f. 15c. There is plenty
ocmoney in the market, and very little stock. The Spanish
seatrities have not varied ; the Coupons are, however, rather

" do good to them that hate you, bless them that curse you,
and pray for them that persecute and calumniate you."—
Luke, vi. Matt., v.
Allow me now, beloved fellow Christians, to appeal to
your candour, and to ask, does this doctrine seem to breathe,
or is it in any manner reconcilable with, the spirit of reli-
gious persecution ? Judge for yourselves, weigh this state-
ment well, and decide whether the charge of intolerance and
uncharitableness will be found to rest more fairly on us or
on our accusers.

mut further : There are in Ireland at present about
hundred schools under the care of the Commissioners of
National Education, and the number of them is increasing
every day. Now in every one of those schools the following
lesson is required to be hung up and taught, with the full
approbation of the Catholic Clergy :
" Christians should endeavour, as the Apostle Paul com-
mands them, to live peaceably with all men (Rom. xii., 18),
even with those of a different religious persuasion.
" Our Saviour Christ commanded his disciples to love
One another. He taught them to love even their dne-
mies, to bless those that cursed them, and to pray for
those who persecuted them. He himself prayed for his
murderers.

" Many men hold erroneous doctrines, but we ought
not to hate or persecute them. We ought to seek for
the truth, and to hold fast what we are convinced is the
truth ; but not to treat harshly those who are in error.
Jesus Christ did not intend his religion to be forced on men
by violent means. He would not allow his Disciples to
fight for him," &c.
These, then, are the doctrines of benevolence and bro-
therly love which the Catholic Clergy recommend, and
practically inculcate. When impressions such as these
are deeply fixed in the young mind, throughout every
part of the country, how hopeless would be the attempt
ever afterwards to remove 'them, even if it were possible
to suppose that this Clergy were mad or wicked enough
to desire it ?

The charge, therefore, against us, that we hold perse-
cuting doctrines, or act upon them, is clearly untrue ; and
it Is now for our adversaries to prove, that in casting those
unjust imputations upon us they have not been guilty of de-
liberate slander."

The impression which the perusal of this extract must
leave on every mind imbued with the first principles of
Christian charity and toleration, requires not to be
strengthened by any arguments of ours. We must
not, however, do our fellow countrymen and co-reli-
gionists the injustice of suffering it to go forth, that
Englishmen require such aids, in order to be impressed
with a conviction of the just claims of Catholics to a
participation in all the privileges enjoyed by British
subjects : neither can we allow it to be supposed in
Ireland, than one educated Protestant in five thousand
here, believes one syllable of the foul imputations which
fanatical demagogues cast on the religion of Catholics.
Such exhibitions are tolerated, and even supported to
a certain extent ; but in reality it is more from a love
of the spectacle, and the excitement, than from any
serious regard to the truth or falsehood of any parti-
cular set of dogmas.

A pamphlet, in the form of a " Letter to Lord
GLENELG, on the Working of the New System in the
British West India Colonies," has just been published.
It is from the pen of Mr. J. INNES, a gentleman
whose personal observation has enabled him to point
out the defects of that system of management which
prevails in the West Indies, and whose good sense
qualifies him, in an eminent degree, to suggest those
improvements which are rendered necessary by the
altered relation between the two great classes of the
population, the Whites and the Blacks. Mr. INNES,
in the course of the tour which he entered upon
about a year ago, visited the following -colonies :
British Guiana, Barbadoes, Trinidad, St. Vin-
cent, Grenada, St. Lucia, Antigua, St. Kitt's,
Nevis, Dominica, and Jamaica ; on each of which he
has given us the result of his observation in a fair
and impartial spirit. The island of Jamaica occupied
of course a considerable share of his attention, and it
is to the information which he has communicated
respecting that important appendage of the British
Crown that we propose to confine our remarks at pre-
sent.

The opinion which the author has formed as to the
effect of the abolition of slavery in Jamaica, is that,
during the continuance of the apprenticeship, sugar
cultivation will gradually diminish ; and after the expi-
ration of that period, will be annihilated, unless mea-
sures of a decisive character are immediately adopted
to prevent it. The measures which he proposes are
the education of the negroes, while they re-
main in the apprentice state ; and the enactment
of laws for enforcing industry when they shall have
become their own masters. The first of these pro-
posals has our unqualified approbation. We are quite
sure, indeed, that if the parties interested in the matter
set earnestly about improving the negro character by
intellectual and moral cultivation, all laws to enforce
industry—the efficacy of which, by-the-bye, we are
inclined to doubt—will be unnecessary. There are,
however, circumstances in the case of this Island
which may render voluntary labour more difficult to be
procured than in many of our other Colonies. Among
these maybe mentioned the cheapness of land, and the
facility with which the means of subsistence may be pro-
vided. The question then is whether a sufficient
stimulus can be applied to the negro, to make him
submit voluntarily to hard work under a tropical sun,
when the fear of corporal punishment is altogether re-
moved? This is the important problem to be solved,
and we think there are data enough for its solution.
Were the Blacks to remain in the degraded state to
which they have been reduced by slavery, they would
in all probability prefer a bare subsistence without
labour to all the luxuries on earth with it. Nor arc
they to be blamed for this. In acting thus they arc
acting according to the laws of human nature, and
proving that they are rational beings. They have
few wants, and those are easily supplied. Why then
should they toil ? Do white men labour from choice ?
Is there any thing in labour to render it, for its own
sake, an object of desire ? Surely not. No civilized
man submits to it, but from some necessity real or ap-
parent. If then it be an object of aversion to the
white man, what must it be to him in whose mind it is
associated only with the lash—with every thing that
can render it hateful and disgusting ?
If it be wished to make the negro a voluntary la-
bourer he must be supplied with the motives which
induce other men to labour. And how, it may be
asked, is thi; to be effected ? We answer, instruct
him. Raise him in the scale of being by moral and
religious culture. Civilize him, and he will be ac-
tuated by the same motives which actuate other men
in a civilized state. This doctrine may be disputed by
those who hold the negro to be an animal of a different
species from man ; but it'is abundantly proved by the
results of even that imperfect and partial civilization
which has already taken place. Numerous instances
might be adduced, in every island in the West Indies,
of negroes who have acquired considerable property by
voluntary labour ; and the author before us bears
testimony to the fact, that negroes will undertake the
hardest field work, when a sufficient inducement is held
out to them. And here we apprehend lies the dif-
ficulty which the owners of sugar estates will have
to contend with. Some of the work required in
the cultivation of the cane, and in the prepara-
tion of sugar, is of such a nature that it cannot
be performed, but for very high wages. Whether,
when the duty on East Nita sugar is taken off, as it
undoubtedly will be soon, the West India planters
will be able to afford this increased expence, is a ques-
tion which we cannot answer. The probability is that
on some estates the cultivation of sugar will be given
up, and the land employed for some other purpose.
' As to the other remedy proposed by Mr. NNE s, namely,
the enactment of laws to enforce industry, we would
--Wy caution the proprietors of West India estates
