STATE OF PUBLIC OPINION

AND
1410VEMENTS IN THE METROPOLIS.

ST. ANCAS.
lotwithstancling the late public meeting of the parish,
4l'irened by the vestry, (the Southampton District Corn-
tee, the district comprising one-fourth of the parish)
'r,c(l strong resolutions an Tuesday evening last expressive
titletheir determination not to submit to the domination of
44_• 134ke of Wellington, and resolvingr, to meet in the en-
.sveek to pass an address to his Majesty. to the same
2 tic On Friday night the South-Western Committee o'
11 Parish held a numerous meeting at their rooms, Char-
"k-street Fitzroy-square, to take into consideration the
present alarming situation of the country. It is perhaps ne-
%lsar
tire, Y tO state that thesa district committees consist en-
,Y of householders in the parish. The attendance on
keil.l4Y evening was both respectable and numerous, and the
ch Ing manifested was moderate, yet of a most determined
aracter.
tie Committee resolved upon an address to his Ma-
th!, and determined, in the event of an election, to form
p:nselves into an election Committee for the purpose of
the Measures
representatives to Parliament who would support
Oleasures of reform stated in the above motion.
tOch is the intense feeling among the rate-payers upon
‘.te return of the Tories to power, that the committee met
Ydusterday (Sunday) afternoon to reconsider the line of con-
eNttto be pursued on this imminent moment.
tr,''r• ADAMS, a vestryman of the parish, said, in so un-
ojt, 4,in arid critical a Moment it behoved them to act with-
r4; lOss of time, and he could not believe that one English-
ogn.; who felt for the tranquillity of his country, would
ivlll.qcain, or would not participate in, that intense anxiety
tillich drew the peaceably disposed inhabitants of the pa-
, t; of St. Pancras from their religious duties, to those even
1,0 More important nature, the very existence of the rights
fo'rlch they had long and strenuously exerted themselves
If gentlemen felt as he did, the necessity ine pre-
le' meeting would be at once ackn' cl7iedgea.—(Several
embers " It is, it is.")
f,ll r. BURSILL lametitP'3.
ket; of the late with Mr. Adams that ti ,e impttr-
13'1:Ideal changes should compel them to
44 °ll this He felt also with Mr. Adams, that no
tic j :4°7*.id take place in this most dangerous crisis. For
..st ten years he had watched the political conduct of
t,)eibuke of Wellington and of Sir Robert Peel ; and lie
Eitsuis'cl, seriously say that the one was fitted only to direct or
t() the councils of a despot, and the other but qualified
I,Persede Dr. Francia, of Paraguay.
th 'lr. BUTLER thought their meeting was fully justified in
4101esent awful crisis. God knew that he desired peace
iti our
Ie country, and would sacrifice much to see it continued
kw internal arrangements ; but he saw too clearly that 7
Ito ;flee would satisfy the Tories—that no act of their 's
kl,"1 Pacify the rising indignation of the people.
trB I.l\ DOLLY viewed the resolution of the Duke to take
as an act of insanity.
49r. DAVY, one of the vearymen, was willing to give all
emstance to oppose a Tory Governmenr.
lle committee then completed their address to the
itit't and appointed a number of members to obtain sigma-
s of the t
rate-payers to it.
ei Several other members offered observations upon the late
bn4tllge of Administration, and the committee adjourned
I Tuesday morning.
r:,
few4l natur e feeline. g evinced by the com-„tee was of a calm, but
'

-ATE OF PUBLIC OPINION

IN THE COUNTRY.

, HANTS COUNTY ELECTION.
US the oursdav last a numerous meeting of the electors of
vi"outh Division vision of Hants assembled at Portsea, with
Sit e`c to secure the re-election of Lord Palmerston and
e,
1111:2eOrge T. Staunton, Bart., the present representatives,
I, had been invited to attend the meeting.
1,00 gird Palmerston and Sir G. Staunton, on entering the
were greeted with loud cheers.
ell' greeted
Carter, Esq., was unanimously called to the
The -e CHAIRMAN having opened the meeting,
tio'Ord PALMERSTON rose amidst loud cheering. "I am
tirthan. enntle," said his Lordship, " that I may not only render
whe—rieo. lint of the past, but to solicit your future favours
teas "er a dissolution and a general election, which I havel
t,ust°4 to imagine cannot be far distant, shall take place.
h';l. conuct, since I have had the honour to be
444 representative as a Member of the Legislature,
I)i4t, the Executive Government, deserves your good orpei.
and that you will consider me worthy of again
I°ll.ltl' tserve in Parliament. The Government to
the b o
I have belonged began their Administration with
1s public profession of three principles—Reform, Eco-
eitl') and Peace.—(Hear.) And I trust that as far as
it tutistances enabled them to work out those principles,
i•efmil be found they were carried. With regard to
oft( 401, they began with that which is the foundation of all
4.sle,r reforms. They began by improving, or rather by re-
,:rmg, the Constitution of the House of Commons to its
their Purity—by restoring to the people of this country
‘`. Irapr?per and
it'oiwPaysrlbiamenen duo influence in the election of Members
,t--which was originally the practice, and. has.
ue Spirit of the Constitution, and by freeing it
from those. abuses which, in the course of ages, will always
i,creep into the most valuable institutions. With what diffi-
-tiadityt bat reform was carried—against what opposition we
tner o struggle—I need not remind you. You know that
re than once we laid down our offices at the foot of the
one, because we thought our enemies were triumph-
te:lver us, and that we should be unable to carp our
4; y
' tples into effect. We valued
power and place only
Pt, far a. t„,
Itefor-m e were enabled to carry reform into practice.
Bill, which has been denominated .a second
Charta, is now the law of the land. These
tioll3lea set us to examine all the institutions of the land
and,,t f`'x' the purpose of revolutionising the Constitution,
Whi;verthrovving the institutions which we hold dear, and
,il,e-tinaaoy Englishman who did not value would be unworthy
e of Englishman ; but we set to work to inquire
kve all abuses in the different departments of the State, and
Ara Proceeded, as far as time would allow, in effecting great
411 the al improvements. Some may think we have not done
lvh„leY wished to see accomplished ; but.. the test is not
e`c;',,,uer we have done everything they could wish to see
."Plisbed but whether we have properly, safely, and
b
0-cup.
Kaye our time—w_et_cr we have chosen well
Q abuses we have selected for correction—whether we
aCd Proposed to Parliament, and carried through it, great
Wit}:ruPortant measures • for the benefit of the country.
titeqtnut, then, mentioning the great variety of improve-
-8
which, though seemingly triviil are of great import-
fo large classes of men, I will refer to the great mea-
t() effected since we were in office ; and I will venture
tlthlY that no Administration in this country ever passed so
L'e-t3i great and important measures in so short a time.
eraco, the trade to China, which foreigners have car-
N ," with our manufactures, is thrown open to all peo-
tiel: apd the India market is now public for all the
country. I remember being at Liverpool, and
thenlan showing me some large American ships,
iN4,;fre (said he) those ships are destined to carry British
ttkv,el•Ores to China, but we sire debarred from that
'4le„i That grievance is removed, and when you
llti3Ote the advantage of the measures as a meat!s
',l4t the produce of this country, you must admit
''4l:d't is great and important.—(Cheers.) Then with
1," co other reforms. Many great defects in the law
4lat',"een removed. We have removed the stain from the
Lltholli-,4a1 character of retaining in slavery eight hundred
as b4ncl of your fellow-creatures.—( Loud cheers.) That
syat d?P accomplished, no doubt, with a great sacrifice.
that diminish the value of the measure? I must
dark4,ltl valuing. the principles of humanity and generosity,
htgjustiee to the slave, it would not be right to
h fining
to the master. Then as to Reform, I say
N4re4ve done great things, and it is most unfortunate that
(which otild not be effected. We did prepare a measure
tillat4 was carried through one House of Parliament) cal-
tice to remove the heart-bickerings founded on a differ-
ho°4l,,relimion, and which still arrays the people of Ireland
dil4"to bands—I mean the question of tithes. The Bill
tailed, 1e
4,11C1 I am sorry for it. Another point con-
olfv,i,th the prosperity o f the. country, and more espe-
,..iern counties, Aq4t "'e sou"is the Poor-law Bill—a Bill
„, trust, relieve the agricultural classes, and im-
`",. character of the people now degraded by the
q„4 e of that 1
that aw.—(Hisses and a. pplause.) lam perfectly
hot Isome do not agree with me on that question
kt 1 rest their opinion of the Government on the
w.Re,,tl'eal result of that measure.—(Hear, hear.) Then,
ll (f.l,ne,n, we promised retrenchment.—(Hear, hear.) I
,1 aaj, t,"e justice to the Government which we succeeded,
90tvci.;Ltuat mucl • s done b them.—(Hear, hear.) But
re the thativ:a they said - nothing was left to us
e gleanings of an exhausted field, we contrived to
111:1nearr°,1_: °. r five millions of taxes, and still the revenue of
dregref.Le just ended exceeds the charges by about nine
tho hear.) But while we
evea usand pounds.—(Hear,
344 y taxer burdens of the peopTe by the repeal of a great
Ire have taken care that public confidence
6,,e0a ofuld "tlt be shaken, and we have left the important ser-
b,'ear ue country amply and completely provided for.—
'at a' "ear ) • which we took office
th Laat is • next principle on
4t °I Preserving peace.—( Hear, hear.) I recollect
1)14,1 ''.,eo
lade that promise, we were told that no hu-
prlleber',vetroe:‘d enable. us to keep
_it.—(Hear.)i,,_
yre-a
tot fri having been told in December, 800 b._
sste though a political opponent, that b.e-
-ttuL°l`e, ir sl:ould infallibly have a general war in
he, 'l' fact, that if an angel were to come down
en to write our despatches, he would defy us
