ST. JUAN DE ULLOA.

VEIIA Cnuz, Nov. 19.—1 am very happy to Inform you,
that the Castle of St. Juan de Unita has surrendered to the
Mexicans. On the 17th the articles of the capitulation were
agreed dpon, and yesterday the ratifications were exchanged.
This day, at twelve o'clock, the remnant of the garrison (1213
men)are to be embarked for the Havanna)), the sick (200 men)
are to come on shore, and the Mexican flag is to be hoisted on
the Castle. The articles of the capitulation arc very simple.....
viz. the Castle with its appurtenances is to be surrendered by
the Spaniards; the, garrison to retain its arms and private pro.
perty, and to be transported to the Havanna!) at the expense of
Mexico; all private property to be given up to its owners on
paying the customary duties.
Nov. 20. 1 have just seen the surgeon who was sent last
night to the Castle ; he assures me that of the garrison not more
than 40 men remained tit for duty, 1150 were buried since the
month of August, and about 12th remain here to be cured..
This day, about noon, the American schooner arrived from the
Ilavannalti and in spite of the firing from the batteries, ran up
boldly under the guns of the Castle, where she was taken pos.
session of by our men of war's boats, anti the crew and super-
cargo brought on shore. The latter turns out to be an Officer
of the Spanish frigate Mona, bringing dispatcher; to General
Coppinger, in which he is told that lie must not expect any ree
lief until reinforcements arrive from Spain.
lIAVANNAU, 14.*C. O.—Yesterday arrived here the Mexican
brig of war Victoria, as a flag of truce, having an board the
late Governor of the Castle of St. Juan de ITlloa, who has
capitulated at last to the Mexicans, being its want of every
thing, and the troops at the last extremity of sickness.
TUE PRESIbENT OP TUE UNITE!) MEXICAN STATES
'rt) HIS FELLOW-COUNTRYMEN'.
" Fellow-Countrymen —The flag of the Republic floats on
the Castle of Unct. I announce to you with indescribable
pleasure, that at the end of 304 years, the standards of Castile
have disappeared front our shores.
" It was my first care, on succeeding to the seat of power
by your free election, to declare with an absolute confident
founded on your valour, that the obstinate Iberian would ref
duce his dominions within their ancient limits; The day o
so much glory and so much happiness for our country has
now arrived,
" Mexicens—By the path of blood, traced in the town of'
Dolores, you marched to obtain is decisive triumph. It has
cost you the life of your heroes, the sacrifice of innumerable
victims, the ruin and the conflagration of your homes. Des.
potism has been extinguished in a sea of blood and tears !
Vera Cruz, the illustrious Vera Cruz, supporting{ the na-
tional cause, has brought' this glorious work to a conclusion.._
There a handful of brave men, struggling with the climate,
and with death in all its aspects, has triumphed on 'the ashes of
that heroic city. A page of sorrow and of horror will eternally
preserve the memory of the invincible people who braved by
their own force, and deprived of all the resources of war, the
extremities which the hopes of tyranny had dared to threaten.
Vera Cruz has acquired an immortal renown, which will ex-
tend its glory to the remotest corners of the earth. It deserves
the notional gratitude. I have been a witness of its unlimited
suffering*: the highest authorities of the nation are acquainted
with it. Vera Cruz may hope for every thing from their jus-
tice and esteem.
" Fellow-countrymen— The providence of the Eternal hes
produced an order of things entirely now. All wounds are
closed—all distrust and jealousy have disappeared. Wherever
we direct our eyes, we see only brothers and friends. All opi-
Mons, all sects, all parties group themselves around the national
flag; ungrounded tears and hopeless sedition will never return
to disturb the repose of the great family. Passions have died ;
union founds its rights on common interests, on generous prin.
ciples, and on your noble dispositions. Unhappy will be he
who would sow discord—more unhappy still would be he who
would break your fraternal bonds: the country will avenge its
wrongs.
" My friends, the past belongs to the domain of history; to
you it belongs to secure a futurity of happiness And prosperity.
Time is short; and Mexico, by your hands, will. be rattled to
the summit of its destinies. 11110 does not now begin to see
the endless progression of our power, .of our trade, and our
felicity ?
" Mexico, presenting one aspect to Europe, and another to
Asia, offers the riches of her virgin bosom for the recipieteal
commerce, relations, anti utility of mankind. Mexico, rising
from the degradation of slavery with the majesty of free mt.
dons, ancient and modern, displays u sublime and august cha.
Teeter, which policy has subjected to its calculations, and ea.
eig
binets to their views. The Spanish Colossus, pressed by its
own wht, has fallen ; great nations have arisen from its
ruins—Mexico raises. its head ; the feeling of its dignity occu-
pies the world. This, fellow-citizens, is the work of your
hands.
" My friends, in communicating to you this intelligence of
unspeakable importance, I furnish to the nation an account of
my cares and my exertions. Now that the issue corresponds
to my wishes, I feel it pride in what I have done ; and I may
be permitted to congratulate myself' that the year 1025 ap-
proaches a termination as happy and prosperous us its com-
mencement:. Still, the Detion may yet gather laurels in a wide
field, if the Cabinet*of Europe conform to the light of the age,
and accommodete their policy to interests so solemnly sanc-
tioned on this continent. We shall cultivate the free relations
of peace an.l friendship with all the world. This great re-
public will be not less esteemed and applauded for the richness
of its soil, than for the equity.-and benevolence of the citizens
who compose it. Mexicans an epoch approaches of bound-
less felicity.
" Glory, fellow-citizens, to the brave General who has ter-
minated the labour of four years by the conquest of this hostile
fortress. Glory and honour to the brave Who there have pur.
chased this day of national joy with their fatigues, their blood,
and their heroic sufferings. A grateful country, duly estimating
their services, will know how to reward them.
" Fellow-citizene ! Long live the Mexican Republic !
(Signed) " OFADALUPE VICTORIA.
" Mexico, Nov. 23, 1025.1
