tame.

coming here7ol
Wednescisn
1,. , „0111

,n did be g°l/

e had 064°1

'er any qm tiioo
how Wog
posses'°"
I whaieou sever,,',lo
you r •
dtbe
'ved then,
t them,
mow.
shop ?"'" 0 0-
e. He 5

rely
in your °P;It
single Watt° bet
t ventutf

T.
...Jebel
,e threebe
°Lit
Mr. '
. enor '
o th
eyes;
le. 1 h$
master.
any address:
ia be lu9" oflo
lief clerk tho
olicitor vtg°

tr
strong pry' O
bot
the proper tfid
'aline we •
",
o appear

use.
t had knoalTi
20 yeab'
I qua, .tbot
red, and
into the'
a less thalal,
not be overt! i7p
ur and, weefiv
disrespect t 0760
was to enter.-
' ~

uismisse• a.
sere-town• 0(
;he
treopterefl
)n Saturd4'
of them IV
m-ith refos7,
althoughtbA
o paid fotoI
to
waQ the tlit
ew orders j„0
Ised, OC tor.
ertsou 100-1 1
.Atta,.
ie woo 1,
r blame e.P7iio
d monet

ido
came. for e-
it
mr. C. r"nightt
anothecr,ourt i
to the

, snre,
rorotts r
44e44_e'
, a new ifo e
9'
the BrahJr
.„t
sated on a ,
I monkey, 1e
pon the orarrig- br
ease this :hie)
Itt, 10
revolting' to,
• I'
urnt 111 a
Under tir.tioc•
lourable W—it
indred,` 101,,,t0,01
une his 71''
t this is t7o,e'
the torciiiii
completeu 'sts ,
trod*
Vol

tichird 134's
r of CaPt

the
Very
seaujnont,
laughter. At"
by thtatilel'ifii;
k, 11°""-
or
o Jane, Y's
nal ecl':
itopher. dstki-
jonourah'e
Mr.ooti
I
r his
ate,
/0;
1.;
of W
tbe
Corolla!, 11'
Digbf'ortb'e
%groan • ,"
7/40, at the
ad.

FROli THE •SARACEN'S HEAD
SKINNER-STREET, SNOW-HILL, LONDON, '
The following Light Post Coaches, Mails, &c. set oat from
the above Inn :
kirroingham Tally Ho ! in 13 hours (driven through
Aith two Coachmen only), Morning, through Redburn,
karket-street, Dunstable, Brielthill, Fenny Stratford, Sto-
zleY Stratford, Towcester, Weedon, Daventry, Dunchurch,
ICl4'lrentry, and Stone Bridge, to the Castle Hotel, Birming-
,nl, to Shiffnall, Wellington, Bridgenorth, Shrewsbury,
rueilteunoly
Oehewa4e.stry, Nantwich, Tarporley, Bangor, Chester,
Ituweldaellekhis,rn:-.7-eaetnirZietoryßoyal Express, in 15 hours and only two
Afternoon, four Inside, through
Southam,War-
Daventry,Weedon, Towcester,.
-neY Stratford, to the Saracen's Head, Birmingham,
early the next morning,
011748„.taPle, oveuthmolton, Crediton, Cholmley, Tiverton,
Chrturel. rtnn, Hatherleigh, Oakhampton, Torrington,
Bat I,gu, lifraeoinb, and Bideford, every Morning.
bore and I3ristol, through Chippenham, Caine, Marl-
noon illingerford, Newbury and Reading, every After-
enn at
to one; arrives at the Greyhound Inn, Bath ; and
4i
-en Tavern, and Swan, Bristol, early next Morning.
1.1 °3t°n 'ilea, to Louth, through Royston, Cambridge,
Sti!iti44°n, Stilton Peterborough, Deeping, Spalding,
seven Y, Alford, and Great Grimsby. Evening, at half-past
ea,,s'atklay, at a quarter before seven.
and o.,bridge Mail, through Ware, Buntingford, Buckland,
a "Ystcrn• Evening, at half-past seven, Sunday, at a
„am., , •
.171.1,...bef0re seven.
and e Express, only one night oil the road, to Penrith,
Pleby."ttehaven, with a Guard all the way ; through Ap-
Itirt,,' I'vough, Bowes, Barnard Castle, Greta Bridge,
easte;°-,nd, Catterick, Boronghbridge, Fefrybridge, Don.
kiltO"ewark, Bawtry, Grantham, Greetham, Stamford,
dire,,,ll,"3iggleswade, and Baldock. Morning. The only
Ch-nach to -Carlisle.
Poner„ ,_through Newport, Whitchurch, Nantwich, Tar-
4taidlewich, and Northwicb, Morning & Afternoon.
Luver, and Paris, Morning by Canterbury and Chatham.
BlaZebeeter, in 14 hours only, through Egham, Bagshot,
saNbwater, Basingstoke, Overton, Whitchurch, Andover,
five IY, Woodyats Inn, and Blandford, at a quarter past
al-14 eight in the Morning.
priit'inouth, Morning, to Newtcn Bushel, Paignton,.
n an; Kineswear' and Torquay. .
rbo,
.42 •-a •• •
tal„ eter empire, Morning, through lioniton, Axminnte ,
jell"nlouth, Brilport, Dorchester, Blandford, Woodyats
ok' Salisbury, Stockbridge, Sutton, Basingstoke, Black-
Bagshot, and Egham,
11,1"ist ow, Longtown, Gretna Green, Annan, Dumfries,
we'll Sanquhar Kiln, Kilmarnock, Kings-
-11 ;tad all parts of Scotland, Four Inside.
aeci`_°l3'llead. through Shiffnall, Wellington, Shrewsbury,
ti"4,ol°l,' Morning and Aftanoon.
Express,. through Northcave, Howden, and Don-.
vot, Alorning, to the Cross Keys, Hull, and also the
04ra" in the Afternoon at two.
C 110,1.41, by Lancaster, L reston, Kirkby Lonsdale, Bolton,
Leet43Eraskirk, and Garstang, Morning and Afternoon.
ciliggleswaTltinghain, Afternoon at two; through Baldock,
"11, St. e' Eaton, St. Neots, Buckden, Stiltcn, Wands-
Illarkha"4ll.L°4l, Gretham, Grantham, Newark, Tnxford,
y, Doncaster, and
I.'errYbr;4l,l-41°0r, East Retford, Bawtr
Aft e; "ge; arrives at the Golden Lion Inn, Leeds, next
fax -noon, at three o'clock, in time for the Bradford, Bali-
43:Li:ekrippotooni,auandc.1 Huddersfield Coaches. With four Coach..
0111Y.---Lugg e and Packages only 2d. per lb.
Staag iTordshire Potteries, Morning athalf
v4t, six. With four coachmen only.
;Liverpool Umpire, in 27 Hours only, Daily at One ;
11Idarri•-es at Liverpool next Afternoon, through Woburn,
Le*port Pagnell, Lathbury, Northampton, Welford, Lut-
orth, Hinckley, Atherstone, Tamworth, Litchfield,
edgeley, Sandon, Stone, Newcastle, Con leton, Knuts-
Warrington, and Prescot. g
,i,..L•iverpool Royal Express, in twenty-six hours, iv ith four
tintiera only, through Prescot, Warrington, Knutsford,
eton, Newcastle, Stone, Rudgeley, Lawton, Litchfield,
stri Stafford (only one night on the road), every afternoon ;
yes at the Saracen's Head, Liverpool, next afternoon.
Attr_neliester and Altringham, morning to the l'iloseley
AT and Swan Inns.
IkhLlnehester to Congleton, Newcastle, Walsall, Wolver-
en, and Knutsford, light four inside Coaches,
Newbury,
and Swindon, through Maidenhead, Read-
klelebory, Hungerford, Ramsbury, and Albourne, with
lite:echinaa only. The nearest conveyance to Larabourn,
Ike, Wootton Bassett, and Pewsey.
aittriloos-Weattle-upon -Tyne and LTnder -Line, Morning and
n. Only one night on the road.
opst "uoutb Umpire, to Falmouth, Truro, Ilodwin, Ash_
o
renryn, l'otness, & Newton Bushell, morning at 7.
oa4-1ta,...41at0 Royal Telegraph, to Mar
•It'at h-7. Canterbury, Feversham, andgaStQLdDwoiveher;ineb'ealen:
11:1111eldiTalpserevsens, and also the Rockingham, through
s etc, /horning and afternoon.
Wincr,"&_avanton Union, to Lymington, Lyndhurst, and._
teat through Basingstoke, Harder.' Bridge, Black
-
Coach and gehot,% every morning, and arrives at the
dia•-ehanth, Plot , and Vine Inn, Southampton, by five,
leV --.‘er4nve7anee to the Isle of Wight, Jersey, Guern-
%d oes, Bars:
de Grace Lc. 6c. •
Staffordshire Potteries ,
thelton, Burslern , Afternoon, to Lane-end, Stoke,
tila
Th - T
Lawton, Hanley and
Holmes
• lir. only Coach direct the Potteries,
arwick and Leamington Day and Night, through Da-
Weedon, Toweester, and Stoney Stratford.
ort
toitvvci.ille, Bridgewate, Taunton, Fahneuth, and Deronp
oauntdh to all parts of the West of England. •
Magnet, through Egham, Bagshot,
he:, Basingstoke, Overton, Whitcburch, Andover, Salle-
Woodyats Inn, Cashmore, Blandford, and Dorchester,
-,i,;lrrter-past five in the morning (only one Coachman.)
verhanipton and Dudley Day, through West Brom-
-1.4; Meriden, and Coventry, Morning and Afternoon.
14,4,eteeeter Aurora, every Morning, through Oxford,
hie, 'ack, Eustone, Bourton, Bentreworth, Chinning Nor:
)Iro4nrseton in the,Marsh, Hampton Parva, Eveshem
gar-'way, and Pershorei
arrives at Worcester early nthe
14e 1.,
a-,„avelling, from whence there are Coaches to Ludlow,
to,yTenbury, Kington, Leominster, Brompxd, and
Yor7rnta of South Wales.
"srla,a- .„.'-'lPr to S bovougb, Whitby, Shields, Son-h_
eat. -4", Newcastle, and. Edinburgh, with a guard throng
' Morning, by way of N r•erk„ Retford, Doncaster,
feeti4ll4l):4l„tie :rh Morning,
i
, ag.
Tadeaster, Northallerton, Darlington, Rash-
eat Mo rpe th, and Berwick, arrives at York
At, 'lnduced Fares to Ramsgate and Margate.
,
Monioraax and Co. respectfully acquaint their
for -'s and thnPublie, that they will not be aecoantable
qh:tnY Parcels, Passengers, l aggage, Writings, Plate, &e.
tnalLere than Five,Pounds Value, if lost, stolen, or damaged,
St the (tutored as such, and. the Insuranoe paid accordingly,
t e SAax-oleres IttAn INN, Skinner street, Snow-hill,

DR. COURTENAY'S NEW WORK.
This Day was published, price 4s.

AN HISTORICAL and PRACTICAL
TREATISE on SYPHILIS, Gonorrhea, Gleets,
Seminal Weakness, Strictures, Eruptions, and Nocturnal
Pains, so frequently mistaken for Rheumatism. These
subjects are illustrated by a variety of highly interesting
cases, together with the Miseries of a secret Vice, so long
and so unhappily pursued by the youth of both sexes. In
the one it will be fon .d the unfailing source of Barrenness,
the other have its rr. 'ages fatally developed by a distressing
state of debility, wh: ;h, if not timely remedied, terminates
in Impotence; the !. are its remote and ultimate effects,
while Consumptioxv., loss of Muscular Power, and various
Nervous Complaints, usually characterise the earliest stages
of this most destructive and insidious habit, for the cure of
which a mode of treatment, the result of long and success-
ful practice, and at om. :safe, speedy, and effectual, is
adopted the Author. With concluding remarks on the
evils resm. '..from attempts at Self Cure.
PriL *niis obsta ; sero medicina paratur.

By C. R. COUr TENAY, M.D., Roberi-street, Adelphi.
Printed for the Au..., vublished and sold by Suther-
land, No. 9, Carlton-street, mg‘. Sherwood and Co.,
Paternoster-row ; Onwhyn, 4, Catherine-street, Strand ;
Walker, 90, High Holborn; Chappell and Son, Cornhill;
Marsh, 137, Oxford-street ; Chapple, 94, Pall-mall.;
Brook, Opera Arcade ; and may be had of all booksellers
in town and country.
" Amongst the numerous Medical and Surgical Works
.of the Zap we Qnsider that written byl)r. Courteriay, on
Syrthilisouid' other frequently fatal complaints, to be worthy
of the highest encomiums, and justly deserving the serious
attention of all those persons who may unfortunately
happen to be afflicted with the maladies which form th;
subject of this very interesting publication. The lumineu4
views taken of these diseases, together with i,nportant
warnings against excesses, entitle this work to great praise;
and we may add, as a further recommendation, that it is
written with much delicacy and morality."—lnspeetor and
Literary Review.

Costly Books and Books of Prints, of a Bookseller, under a
Deed of Mist.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. WILLIAMS,

At the Auction Mart, TO-MORILOW, Nov. 7, and following
days, at 12 o'clock,
Splendid COLLECTION of BOOKS,
including several of the National Galleries, sumptu-
ously bound in Morocco and Russia bindings. Among
many other rare and valuable works will be found—

Forgo..—.Le Musee Francoise, a choice copy, 5 tom. •
he Houghton, Shakspeare, Stafford, Forster, and Troshai 7n
Catupagnas Memorables des Francoi pa. ul
IGiearliPerelteit, 2 thins. ; Lat. Botaniq
2detßous.se7aDuoall ist°oir,e-
Views in Greece, Ruins of the alaceomsf. D'o I
Naturelle des Oiseaux de Paradis,ue s.wellast
Spalatio, Views. in the HiMila Mountains oßapir;s.eBHliasntory
of England, with Tindall's Continuation -7Heads'by Vertue.
and Houbraken, &c. 5 vols. ; Salt's Views in Egypt, &c.
Wild Sports of the
.East ; Bo ydell's Shakspeare, 9 vols., &c.
Quaaro.--David's Antiquities D'Herculaneum, fine
plates, 9 toms; Monstrelet's Chronicles, 5 vols. ; Ilearne
and Byrne's Antiquities, 2 vols. ; Pennant's London,
lustrated, 3 vols. ; Piakerton's Voyages and Travel», 17
vols. ; Royal Residences and Palaces, 3 vols. ; Sir
Walter Scott's Antiquities, 2 vols. ; Westall's Bible, 3
vols. ; Smith's Views in Italy, 2 vols. ; Foreign Field
Sports, Hogarth's Works, &c.
OCTAVO. —Gallerie de Mtisee Napoleon, 10 toms; Bar-
bauld's Novelists, 50 vols. ; British Essayist, 4
n,O vola. ; the
Works of Brookshaw, Lord Orford, Byro Hume and
Smollett, Shakspeare, Robertson, Johnson, Pope, Duppa,
Rollin, Goldsmith, Burke, Gibbon, &c. &c. ; nlso the
Public Ledger newspaper, from 1813 to 1825 inclusive,
13 vols. ; and a valuable Collection of Napoleon Medals.
To be viewed the mornings of sale, and catalogues had at
the Mart; Chapter Coffee-house; Mr. Williams, Throg-
morton-street and of Mr. Dacie, solicitor, 12, Throgmor-
ton-street.

THE DISCOVERY.---A person praising the
personal -Charms of a very plain woman, before Foont, the
latter asked hint " And why don't you lay claim to such
an accomplished beauty?" cc What right have Ito her ?"
said the other. " Every right, by the laws of all nations,
as the first discoverer."

The undertakers who, for some time, were
employed in removing the dead bodies from St. Martin's
Church-yard to the Burial-ground at Camden-town, have
reaped an abundant harvest. The Commissioners of the
Woods and Forests agreed to give ' any sum under 101. for
each body so removed. The largeness of the sum occa-j
sioned a regular canvass by the undertakers amongst the
middling and poorer classes of the 'parishioners; and two
guineas for each body, in addition to their gratuitous ser-
vices, were offered by these undertakers to the resident
people for permission to be employed'. The cost attending
this ceremony, including the premium, might he three
pounds, when these persons instantly demanded nearly ten
from the Commissioners, who were not aware of the trick,
until they' had actually paid away upwards of two thousand
pounds.
SINGULAR DISCOVERY.—In the last session
of Parliament an Act was obtained for making that part
of the Roman-ridge which extends from Castleford to
Aberford into a turnpike-road, to join the Leeds and Barns-
dale road, at Glass Houghton. On Thursday, as some
workmen were employed in lowering the hills, they dis-
covered ten human skeletons in tolerable preservation, close
to the east side of.the ridge, and near the point where it is
intersected by the road from Ledstone to Kippax. The
skull and jaw-bones of one of these skeletons were of more
than ordinary
dimensions, and the teeth were sound and
well set in the jaw.
-42 respect to the time and occasion
of this deposit, by the side of the Roman ridge, it is diffi-
cult to form a conjecture, but it is probable that these are
the remains of warriors who fell eithei in the wars of the
Roses or in the Pilgripiage of Greece.,..-Sheffield courant,

The MAS;EII. of the ROLLS resumed his sittings
this evening. His Honour was occupied upon
petitions.
SOLICITORS' RELAY.-,BODENS v. HILL.
In this case a petition was presented on the,part
of a person who had established a claim upon the
estate in question as a specialty creditor to the
-amount of BQOI. praying that the future conduct of
the'cause-might be taken out of the hands of the
present' solicitor, and confided to the solicitor of the
petitioner, on the ground that the former solicitor
had neglected, for a period of nine months, taking
certain proceedings in the cause, in consequence of
which the payment of the petitioner's debt had been
improperly delayed.
Mr. PEPYS, in support of the petition, entered
into long details of the various proceedings in the
cause. The petitioner had been declared a specialty
creditor of the testator to the amount of 800/..50
long ago as 1822, and the solicitor had delayed,
since January last, taking the necessary proceedings
to obtain the Master's report. The funds in the
cause had, in consequence, remained locked up
during the whole of the long vacation, and the cre-
ditor had been kept out of his money, which he
might otherwise have obtained several months ago.

Mr. TRESLOVE and other Counsel were heard in
opposition to the petition.
The MASTER of the Rom.s declared thai:, in his
opinion, the solicitor had been guilty of most gross
delay. Instead of prosecuting the cause as be ought
to have done, he allowed it to sleep for nine months,
and by not obtaining the Master's, report before the
long vacation, had put it out of the power of
the Court to make the necessary order for
the payment of the creditor's debt. Under these
circumstances, •his Honour felt bound to take the
cause out of his hands, and to confide its future con-
duct to the solicitor of the -petitioner, in order that
it might be prosecuted without further delay.

QOURT OF KlNG'$ BENCH, Nov. 5.
ATTWOOD V. MUNNINGS.

This was argued as a special case. The trial of
this action took place so long ago as January, 1824,
when a case was directed to be argued. After long
discussion, the Judges were unamtnously of opinion
that the plaintiffs had no ground for the action, and
consequently nonsuited them, by which the defendant
has got rid of a claim to a very large amount.

BAKER V. THE HON. CAMAIN GRANTLEY BERKELEY.

This was an action of trespass and assault.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL scat d these. At
one period of our liaptorY• the peopl. of tingdcm
wetu- oppressed by the forest laws, within the pur-
lieus of which the King was at liberty to pursue his
game without regard to private rights. At the
present time, however, but few of those.places re-
mained. Many of the Jury, from their rank in life,
were probably addicted to field sports, and loved
hunting; but it was proper that they and all the
nation should know, that as the people at one time
complained of their King, so an individual might
now complain of any of his fellow-subjects who
should insist upon trespassing over his property.—
By the law of the land, the most insignificant person
had the same right to enjoy his property without
violation that the highest Peer possessed. There
was no difference, and if the labouler and farmer
chose to occupy their farms without being tres-
passed upon by hunters, they had a right so to do,
and the man who opposed that right, and in defiance
of it, committed a trespass, whoever he was, was
amenable to the law. The plaintiff in January 1824,
had given express notice to the defendant and to
others, that he did not choseto have his lands trespassed
upon, for they were of a nature that would suffer much
damage from the trampling of horses. Notwith-
standing this notice, the injury complained of was
committed on the 31st of December last, when the
defendant, accompanying his own stag-liFinds, pur-
Sued the stag across the plaintiff's property, com-
mitting considerable damage. The plaintiff was in
his farm, threshing out his oats, and the gates of his
barn were open. The stag had been much worried,
and was exhausted; the clear. proof was, that it
took refuge among the habitations of men, for it
took the direction of the b2ra, followed by the dogs
and huntsmen. The plaintiff, aware he had given
notice, stood by his gate and opposed all entrance.
He was apprehensive that so great a number of per-
sons, with their horses and dogs, would destroy his
oats as they had destroyed his grass. He locked
the door of the barn ; but while he was attempting
to do it, the defendant, saying "Will any body help
to pull the barn down ?" aimed a blow at
him, and with the assistance of his friends, attacked
my client, who, for having committed the heinous
offence of locking up his own door, was knocked
down, his face made all bloody from his month bleed-
ing; and to add to his distress, his wife, who was
pregnant at the time; saw"what was done, and rush-
ed to his assistance.

Thomas Forster, a farmer, examined by Mr. AL-
DERSON, proved the notice served upon the defen-
dant on the 23d of January, 1824.
James Page, a labourer of the plaintiff, was at
work in the field on the Saturday after last Christ-
mas-day. Saw the stag -come over the field. There
were a great many dogs after it. Witness went to
assist his master. . Many horsemen went over the
hedge galloping. The stag ran over the plaintiff's
field into the road, and turned in the direction of
the plaintiff's farm-yard, where witness saw a great
many people. The plaintiff was closing the barn to
keep the people out. The defendant, dressed in an
orange-coloured coat, with many people with him,
was trying to pull him away. Witness saw the de-
fendant strike the plaintiff, but whether he first
struck him with the fist or whip he could not say.
The plaintiff's mouth was full of blood. Witness
saw the defendan; then lift up his whip to strike the
plaintiff because he would not let him go into the
door, and another man, named Davis, stopped the
blow,. which was with the butt-end of the whip.
They foreed'the barn open by main force. The de-
fendant said he would tear the barn clown. A great
number went in then. The deer was in the barn.
The plaintiff had been thrashing oats, which lay all
about the floor. They were spoiled by the feet of
the people. Witness was struck several times over
the arm and head. The_ blow over the head would
have much hurt him, had it not been for his hat.
William Poulton) butcher, saw Mrs. Baker com-
ing out crying, " For God's sake help my husband,
he will be-killed." Witness went to his assistance,_
and received a'blow on the face froth the butt-end of
la whip. The plaintiff was trying to lock his barn

door, and witness saw the defendant lift up the end -
of his whip to strike him, and if it had hit him, wit-
ness thinks it would have split his skull. There
was a great scuffle. The defendant said "he would
knock the barn down." They got the barn
door open.
Joseph Atkins, a farmer, estimated the damage
done to the land at 231. 12s. 6d.
Mr. BROUGHAM had often wondered at the great
ingenuity of his friend in dressing up a case, but sel-
dam more so than on the present occasion, for, like
a great artist, he had contrived to elevate his sub-
ject, which :was a very homely one, and begun with
the forest laws, which being now antiquated, were
not so much at one's fingers' ends as the statutes
were, but he had not shown the particular connexion
between the code of forest laws and the action of
" Baker against Berkeley." The Berkeley Hunt
extended over a great district ; and as the notice
had been served nearly three years before the tres-
pass, the defendant, it was clear, had not during
that period trespassed upon the plaintiff's ground,
or shown any disrespect to farmers, without whom
he was ready to admit that landlords Would be a very
poor race. The stag was turned out ten miles off,
and not having been served with a notice, ran to the
plaintiff's ground, where it was pursued by the dogs,
and then it took to the farm-yard, The defendant
did not goover the grounds, and far from tieipising
the notice, rode round by the road.' • The object was
to save the deer to hunt it again; (brit was never
intended to be killed; and the hist riders on these
hunts generally get up to the stag and pull the dogs
off. They saw that the stag had got into, the barn,
with several dogs and only two men ; the inevitable
consequence was the death of the stag, and they rushed
on humanely for'the purpose of saving the stag. From
the information he (Mr. Brougham) had that morn-
ing received, the first blow was struck by the plain-
tiff, and there ought to have been a plea of justifi-
cation. The offer of compensation was made by the
defendant, but the plaintiff's answer was very in-
sulting.
Holt, the whipper-in, proved that the stag was
turned out ten miles from Harrow. Witness was
the first belonging to the hunt who went into the
plaintiff's yard. The barn door was shut; he asked
the plaintiff to let him in. The plaintiff answered,
" He would be -- if he did, he did not care if the
hounds and deer were both killed." When witness
got in the barn, the doors were closed upon him imme-
diately. When they Were open, he saw the de-
fendant, who said he would pay all damages. • The
hounds were upon the stag, who lived only a quarter
of an hour afterwards. He was worth fifty guineas.
Witness saw Poulton present a pitchfork at Mr.
Norton's breast:

Mr. White, of Grosvenor-place and of Warren-
house, Uxbridge, saw the defendant at the plaintiff's
barn-door, his mouth was bleeding very much. He
said that his stag was shut in, and he begged help
and offered compensation. The conduct of the plain-
tiff's people was very violent. Witness was struck
and nearly knocked down. • The defendant's con-
duct was not violent. It was the custom to save
the deer if you could.
Mr. Baring, nephew of Sir Thomas Baring, stated
that the conduct of the plaintiff and his men was very
violent. 'The defendant-and his party were peace-
able. Witness was hurt in the shoulder with a corn-
shovel.

The ATTORNEY-GENERALhaving replied, the Jury
found their verdict for the plaintiff, damages 1001.

LORD MAYOR'S COURT, Nov. 3.

COURT AND CIVIC iotasgs.—RICHARDSON D. CHILLING
L4O aTR.
Mr. BOLLAND, for the plaintiff; stated that this
was au action brought to recover 61. 95., for articles
of ladies' apparel, aipplied by his client to the wife
of the defendant. The items of the bill were really
amusing. A white silk dress, 2/. ; a red silk pe-
lisse, 21. 10s.; a turban, 3s. Gd,; a flower, Gd.; a
lace veil, 7s. 6d.; a silk crape hat, 2s. 6d.; a pair
of satin shoes to match the turban, Gd.; and a child's
dress, 4s. Gd. The Learned Counsel was told that
the pelisse, charged at 505., cost near 201.; at all
events he knew that he had paid nearly that sum for
one (a laugh); and that ether articles were also
proportionally ;valuable, only they had been worn
once at the west end of the town, but had found their
way into the city in time for the Lord Mayor's day,
but it was rather derogatory to a citizen to refuse
to pay for the decoration of his lady at so cheap a
rate.---(Laughter.)
After the Learned Gentleman had made other
humorous remarks upon the case, he called wit-
nesses to prove that the articles were of considerable
value, and that the terms were for ready money.
Mr. Chillingworth,
,in propria persona, cross-
examined the witnesses with considerable acumen,
but unfortunately a letter was produced, written by
him to the Plaintiff, which promised payment within
a month ; hence his plea of six or twelve months'
credit was nullified. _ _ .

The RECORDER regretted that a case of such
trifling importance in itself should have occupied the
attention of the jury for such a length of time. It
had been proved that the dresses sold were valuable
and:might, for aught lie (the Recorder) knew, make
a display is an adjoining apartment on the 9th of
November.—(Laughter.) The lettc- put in, which
was admitted to be the plaintiff's hand Writing, ren-
dered him ex curia, and his plea nugatory ; therefore
he could only direct a verdict for the plaintiff; but
if the Jury thought otherwise, they wonld say so.
The Jury immediately returned a verdict for the
plaintiff, for 6!. 9s. and costs.

The prices of cattle in the country fairs, held
within these few days in our immediate neighbourhood, are
looking up.—Plymouth Herald.

On Friday last, a beautiful swan alighted in
the court-yard belonging to Mr. GRAHAMSLAW, innkeeper
Jedburgh, which was so much exhausted, that it allowed
itself to be taken by Mr. GRAHAMSLAW, in whose posses-
sion it now is, and appears healthy and cheerful; it came
from the eastward.—Caledonian Mercury.
Yesterday forenoon, about ten o'clock, the
Rothesay Castle steam• packet sailed from
the Broomielaw with upwards of, one hundred
passengers. When she had got about six or
seven miles down the river, the large steam-vessel
Erin, of Dublin, came in sight, and it was un-
derstood the necessary preparations were made
by both pilots to steer clear of each other ; but
by one of those unfortunate circumstances which
will sometimes occur in a narrow channel, even
when the greatest care is taken, the vessels came
into dreadful collision, to the infinite alarm of
the passengers that crowded the deck of the
Rothesay Castle, the greater part of whom in-
stantly made a simultaneous rush to save them-
selves by leaping on board of the Erin. About
twenty of them succeeding in doing this, as the
Rothesay slowly passed under the side of the
other vessel after the shock; but the piper of the
Rothesay Castle, and a boy, in attempting to
save themselves in this way, unfortunately fell
overboard.. We are glad however to learn, that
by the, united exertions of the steam-vessels, who
instantly loweredboth their boats, they were hap-
pily rescued from their . perilous situation. The
Rothesay Castle was so very materially damaged
that she was obliged to put into dock in Dum-
barton to repair. The Erin has also been par-
tially injured.--C/asgotv Herald.

happy elasticity of mind, by which the fair
Authoress was enabled to adapt herself to all the
diversities of life and manners as exhibited suc-
cessively in the Courts of Saint Petersburgh,
Stockholm, Versailles, Naples, and Berlin ; and,
above all, the same unbounded rage for lively
good-humoured scandal. That the leading
anecdotes are authentic we have little or 'no
reason to doubt. In the first place, as regards
the intrigues at the Court of Denmark—to
which the poor Queen Caroline Matilda *as Sa-
crificed, they coincide with all that we have read
or heard upon the subject ;and, secondly, as respects
the Court of St. Petersburgh, its dissoluteness
and the characters therein exhi,bited,,they Ivxmp-
nize'moSt faithftilly-with the -sketeheokif-Count
Segur, whose fascinating gossip on the. same
topic we reviewed some weeks since. But chiefly
do we look on them as authentic—as in fact the
result of personal acquaintance with the subjects—
from the masterly hints by which we are led to
conceive the real character of that extraordinary
woman Catherine 11. who, as the chief heroine of
her pages, is treated by the present writer with
proportionate scrupulosity ; and which hints
(from their very nature) she could only have
gleaned from the most genuine possible sources.
The Russian Empress Catherine was, indeed,
one of the most astonishing women that the
world has ever produced. Count Segur has im-
mortalized her diplomatic abilities,her undaunted
courage, her singular greatness of mind, her am-
bition loftier even than Napoleon's, her unerring
penetration of character ; and the authoress of
the volumes before us, has filled up the portrait
by detailing with equal fidelity, her licentious-
ness, caprice, countless infidelities, consummate
hypocrisy, and despotic cruelty. By the help of
these two we may perhaps_ give the reader some
faint idea of the Czarina's real character, which at

the same time will furnish him with .no incorrect

insight into the character of the present volumes.
The Empress Catherine 11., daughter of an
insignificant German Princess, who had little
more to recoMmend her
,than the good opinion-
of Frederiek the Great, set off with her mother
at an early age, on an experimental expedition
to St. Petersburgh. Elizabeth, a widow, was
then Empres, end received the fair adventurers
with open arms, introduced them to her son,
the Grand Duke, afterwards Peter 111., and even
prevailed on him to espouse Catherine. This
was her first successful step in life ; her second
was to ingratiate herself as much as possible with
the Russian nobility ; her third, to banish her
mother ; her fourth, to procure the assassination
of her husband ; her fifth, to cultivate assi-
duously the good graces of the reigning Em-
press Elizabeth ; her sixth, and final one, to
procure, (on the old lady's death,) her own ac-
cession to the throne. In prosecuting these in-
trigues, it is surprising to observe the variety, of
characters whom she had to reconcile. to „each
other, and win over to her interests. She begin
by practising what is called " the soothing sys-
tem," eradicated as sedulously as possible every
spark of freedom or virtue in her nobility, and
when, by upholding sensuality as a necessary stop
to greatness, she had sufficiently enfeebled them
for her purpose, and rendered them dependent
on herself for support ; she turned her at-
tention to the lower classes, from amongst
whom (with admirable policy), she selected
some of her choicest Generals, taught them
to look to foreign conquests alone for advance-
ment, of which she individually formed the nu-
cleus, and having thus linked their interest with
her own, turned them loose and disciplined upon
the adjoining countries; most of -.Odell she
seized and ruled with a rod of iron. Another
object of her policy was, never to suffer a favourite
to become dangerous by too much power. She
advanced her paramour, Stanislaus, to the throne
of Poland it is true ; but finding afterwards that,
from his address and courage, he was likely to
become formidable, she hurled • him from it with
the most relentless tyranny. Again, with respect
to Potemkin, another of her favourites, she gave
him the government of the Crimea, but took
care to surround him with spies, so that, in fact,
his administration, except in its domestic unim-
portant concerns, was nothing more than a splen-
did slavery. To all this consummate shrewd-
ness and indefatigable application to public busi-
ness, Catherine added a rage for pleasure—a
zest for licentiousness, which age rather increas-
ed than tamed. After being closeted for twenty-
four hours successively with the ablest and most
intriguing foreign Ambassadors, she would retire
to her private apartments, and there consume
another da) and night in the arms of Stanislaus,
Potemkin, Momonoff, or Prince Salvotski. Alto-
gether, her life and varied adventures would form a
most comprehensive subject for history, as they
would embrace in their wide scope, the character
of the greatest men of the age, the most surprising
incidents of the last century, such as the partition
of Poland—the intrigues with the Porte—the

early parts of the French revolution, and the
causes of the rise of that gigantic power which is
now, with both arms extended, grasping at Con-
stantinople on the one side, and at Persia on the
other.

After leaving the Court of St. Petersburgh,
cur fair authoress proceeds to Copenhagen, where
she learns all the particulars respecting the accusa-
tions of Queen Caroline—which she decidedly
pronounces unfounded—arrives subsequently at
Paris, in time to discover that Marie Antoniette
was equally calumniated, and hears from a Ger-
man Baron (whose christian and sirnames we
regret that the confined limits of a newspaper
will not allow us to insert) that the poor Queen
of Prussia fell a victim to despondency, brought
about by Court intrigues. The moral of all this
is really, very distiesing. It would almost seem
that the good things in life are left to the callous
and the unworthy ; while the
young—the virtu-
ous—the beautiful, those who are formed by
nature, expressly to show how. nearly in some
instances she could approach to divinity,
are left, after they have fluttered their brief'
course, to wither'away in the very extreme of
wretchedness. Marie Antoinette, the lovely—

.s/
the gracefillt,4thi 4genllnus,-tshe .who (as
depicted by the glo-A-ivimagiotiop of 7 Burke)
was the in
the world, sunk ine.&44! t re' grave ; the
.pre a u
ride' :_of tlii7obtiolisheditourt
victim of man's cruelty and woman's treachery.
Caroline Matilda, the young and peerless Queen
of Denmark fell a sacrifice to Court calumny.
Sophia, Grand Duchess of Russia—the Queen of
• Prussia ; together with a hundred others, were
all equally unfortunate, chiefly because they were
of exalted stations in the world. What a dread-
.fill tax, in all countries, and in every age, must
this same rank pay for its supremacy. The Pro-
perty Tax is nothing to it.
But ourlimits warn us to a conclusion ; let it suf-
. fice to say that the volumes before us are replete,from
first to list, with anecdotes (sadly mismanaged
in point of arrangement) of almost every conti-,
nental Court ; from. which, by way of sample, we
give the following, very 'pleasant bit of scandal,
As a proof ofan actress's simplicity (that strange
anomaly in art) ,it is little short of miraculous :
Constantine, quite intoxicated with the beauty of Made-
moiselle 'Hentchel, and charmed by the talent and grace
which she displayed in the rep;esentation of " Armide,"
sent word to the young actress that in two days lie pro=
posed to pay her a visit " after leaving .the theatre."
Mademoiselle Hentchel, who, although extremely handsome,
had no great sharpness of apprehension, was quite in rap-
tures at this announcement, placing the anticipated honour
of the Grand Duke's visit purely to the account of the
ability she bad manifested in her profession. She there-
fore made (Wet), preparation to recive this instance of Im-
perial homage in due form. She caused a magnificent
collation td be provided, and invited several persons to meet
and welcome his Highness; amongst others the Baron de
Mertens and the Author ; and, that no'portion of ceremony
should be wanting, she illuminated every step of the stair-,
case that conducted to her apartments.
At the appointed hour Constantine arrived, and nothing
doubting that his intimation had been " properly under-
itOod; (although somewhat startled by the lights on the
staircase,) he entered the apartments of the fair danseuse,
accompanied by his aid-de-camp, ;Colonel Alexandnoffi•botb
carefully wrapped iss ,huge.eloaks.. As soon as Madernoi.•
selle Hentchel came to receive him, the Grand Duke, with-
out the 'slightest ceremony, and with his accustomed liveli-
ness of manner, addressed to her a whole string of compli-
ments. He then turned to a harpsichord which stood in
the room, and endeavoured to' draw a few notes from it ;
perceiving which, Mademoiselle Hentchel asked if he
would like her to play the.overture of the ballet of " Ar,
mide," wherewith he had expressed himself so much pleas-
ed. Constantine answered in the affirmative; and charm-
ed with her poWers of execution, grew- still more lavish in
praise of his fair enslaver. Indeed lie waxed warmer and
warmer in his addresses, and would in all probability, have
swiftly manifested the real purpose of his visit, had not
Mademoiselle proposed an adjournment into the.next"room,
wherein refreshments were set forth. The gentlemen
complied ; but what was his surprise and disconcertment,
when, on the folding doors being thrown open, Baron de
Mertens presented himself, and a whole bevy of company
appeared ranged behind him ! This reception was more
than. his Highness had bargained for. Hastily wishing
Mademoiselle Hentchel good-night, he summoned Alexan-
droff, snatched up his cloak, and retired " in the utmost
disorder." In descending the staircase, which they did
with great precipitation, the trains of their, mantles caught
the ropes whereto the lamps were affixed, and down came
the whole apparatus ; glasses, and oil, and garlands tumb-
ling in " confusion dire," and" with no small uproar, about
the feet of the adventurous pair. Having reached the
street, they jumped into a coach and disappeared:. This
incident gave birth to a good deal of raillery,-and not a
little misrepresentation.
