iussex

and was present at the capture of Seringapatam.
e was promoted to a troop in the 9th Light Dragoons, in
_lreland, in 1800 • he got a majority in the 28th Light
'Dragoons, in February, 1801, and the Lieut.-Colonelcy of
the 72d Foot in May, 1,802. He commanded the latter re-
tnent until 1F,;08, and was present with it at the capture of
the Cape of Good Hope, under Sir D. Baird, in 1806.
IFIe excaanged in August, 1808, into the 15th Ilussars,
and commanded that corps during Sir John Moore's cam-
Pair,n in Spain ; he was wounded at the battle of Sahagun,
where the 15th greatly distinguished itself under Lord
Angles,aa. In 1811 he was appointed Aide-de-Camp to
the 1-irince Regent, and had his brevet of Colonel that year.
tie embarked for Spain in January 1813, .and commanded
hussar brigade at the action of Morales ; he was pre-
amt also at the battle of Vittoria, and served during the
emainder of the Spanish campaign. On the 4th of June,
1814, he received the brevet of Major-General, and com-
manded a brigade at Waterloo, in which memorable days
he had five horses shot or killed during the battle. In 1830
be was appointed ' Lieutenant-General. For his services,
Sir Colquhoun Grant was appointed Commander of the
Bath and Guelphic Orders, Knight of (Russian) St.
&c.
SAFFRON WALDEN.—On Monday evening, about
lalf-pa.st seven, an alarm of fire was raised at the old work-
}woo, and a small portion of the most delapidated part
was in a short time consumed. There being reason to
:suppose that the fire could not have been the result of ac-
Tident, a reward of 1001. has been offered by the County
}lre Office (where the property was insured) for the dis-
covery of the incendiary.
ARDOUR IN BETTING.--Two gentlemen at a ta-
vern having summoned the waiter, the poor fellow had
scarcely entered when he fell down in a fit of apoplexy.
" He's dead !" exclaimed one. " He'll come to !" replied
the other, Dead for five hundred !" Done!" retorted
tile second. The noise of the fall, and the confusion which
followed, brought up the landlord, who called out to fetch
doctor. " No, no Iwe must have no interference ; there's
a bet depending." " But, Sir, I shall lose a valuable ser-
vant!" " Never mind ! never mind ! you can put him down
in the bill."--Paris Advertiser.
PRICE GIVEN FOR OPERAS.—Dr. Arne, in the
Year 1763, received for his famous opera, Artaxerxes, 60
guineas. Mr. Shield, in the year 1781, for his popular two
.Iket musical piece, Rosina, 401. Mr. Storace, in the year
1791, for his opera, The Siege of Belgrade, 1,000/. Mr.
%rah= in the year 1804, for his opera, The English Fleet
'in 1342, 1,000 guineas.
OLD NEWSPAPERS.—In the early part of the last
century several newspapers were published at the low price
of a penny and a halfpenny, in the shape of rivals to the
" London Gazette." One of these was called " The Penny
Post ;" another, " The Penny Post, or Tradesman's Select
Poequet ;" a third, " The Penny Weekly Journal ;" a
fourth, " The Halfpenny London Journal, or the British
Oracle." One paper was even published so low as a
farthing, and was entitled " All Alive and Merry, or the
Loagion Daily Post." Specimens of these, and many more,
are preserved among the literary curiosities in the British
tbaseum.
The Hull Observer states, that the Cove, corn-
Inanded by Captain James Ross, for the purpose of carrying,
Provisions, &c. to the seamen detained by the ice at Davis
Straits, was put in commission on Monday. Captain Scoffin,
of the Dunecrnzb, which has succeeded in getting clear of
the ice, had an interview with Captain Ross, and described
to him the positions of the vessels in the ice when he got
away. From his description Captain Ross is of opinion
that the ships are further in the ice than Captain Scoffin
supposes. The Trinity House has subscribed the sum of
1,000/. towards fitting out the expedition, and liberal con-
tributions have been received from other quarters. The
Mayor and Corporation of Hull have subscribed 1001. It
is estimated that the sum required, independently of the
Government aid, will be about 4,0001.
Pt Yesterday a ballot was taken at the East India
House for the determination of the following question,
" That this Court approve the resolution of the Court of
Directors of the 4th November last, granting to the Right
lion. the Earl of Clare, the sum of 5,0001. upon the
rounds therein stated, subject to the confirmation of another
eneral Court." At six o'clock the glasses were closed,
lin d delivered to the scrutineers, who reported the question
to have passed in the negative.
It is stated that an Englisham, travelling in France,
Went. to visit the chateau in which Madame de Sevigne re-
sided, and purchased for 80,000 f. the staircase, which he
sent to England, to be erected in his own mansion, as a
memorial of this celebrated woman.

Imo
scount
Thom-
)erick,

arshall
rleton,
Esq.,
ditto ;
kville-
Hon.
More-

Acme
Mrs.

PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.

BERS OF THE BRITISH LEGISLATURE.

Paris ;
ditto ;
Need-
m the
Mrs.
ditto ;
1, from

resent
t their
party
them.

ed his
pril or

_
)las, in
ral, to

Right
!senta-

ias be-
tapinin
to the

lioness
l a few

nhall,
sed by
P. for

arable
idle of
' their

en are
ington
nt and
DMMO-

en oc-
apart-
suiE-
Ld par-
and

place,
,nce of

issy at

ind in
, gave
act of '
Lord
to his
larger
;übject

s said
ital on
1 their

Berry

The
er and

&tri c al
a few

ten a
oppo-
bms of
'ready

iecre-
ad an

equer.
►e had

at off

es for
Coni-

anox,
!ir ro•

Tighe
Lord.
eturn

Lady
e un-

iron's

IZD•
'. last

:h the

:0 his
New-

, viz.,
5, for
ajesty
asure.

c are
to has
ertain
iarges
never,
owns-
lend-
rticu-
ill be

ieut.-

which
Sir
which

an-in-
s, and
ioun's

iment
lt, en-
-1 the
a the
e ex-

Ions),
ChlM

At Newcastle Petty Sessions last week, a pitman
who was employed in working in a coal-pit, was sentenced
to be imprisoned three months, and to be kept at hard
labour, for having taken off the wire gauze cover of a Davy
safety lamp, whilst working in a dangerous part of the mine.
THE MELANCHOLY OCCURRENCE AT ISLE-
WORTH.---Yesterday afternoon a highly-respectable .Jury
Was empannelled before T. Stirling, Esq., the Coroner, at
the Rose and Crown Inn, Isleworth, to inquire concerning
the death of Master Hugh Ronalds, son of Dr. Ronalds,
of Kensington, who was accidentally shot by his brother on
Monde.), last. Henry Ronalds, jun., of Kensington Gore,
oxaalined—ls brother to the deceased. On Monday last
witness was in the nursery-grounds belonging to his grand-
.ther and uncle at Isleworth, accompanied by the deceased,
%hooting small birds. Witness had charged his gun, but,
laving forgotten to put wadding over the shot, he attempted
to get the ramrod out of the rib on the side ; but, finding it
,fixed tight, witness requested the deceased to pull it out,
no (witness) having hold of the other end at the time. De-
ovased stood before the muzzle of the gun and pulled at
/he ramrod. At that moment it accidentally went off, and
:the contents entered the deceased's left breast. The gun,
Which was a percdssion one, was not cocked, the hammer
being on the cap at the time. Mr. Chapman, the foreman,
said if that was the fact it was a most extraordinary circum-
stance. The gun was then brought into the room, when
Air. Chapman endeavoured to pull out the ramrod, but it was
50 firmly fixed that his efforts were for some time ineffectual.
When got out it was found there had been considerable pres-
sure on the lock, which it was conjectured might have occa-
sioned its discharge. Witness resumed—The deceased, on
ibeing wounded, staggered and fell, on which witness sent
nis youngest brother (William) to fetch assistance, which he
aid, and returned in about a minute, accompanied by Waring
and °Ocr men employed in the grounds, who removed him
to the gardener's house. Mr. Cooper was then sent for,
who promptly attended. Witness is fifteen years of age.
The deceased was in his thirteenth year ; and his brother
William, who also accompanied him, in his tenth year. The
JorY, returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

VERULAM PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY OF LON-
aCION, DEC. 23, 1835.— GEORGE ANDREW PATTERSON,
ESQ., IN -THE CHAIR.—The President, Professor Dew-
hurst, delivered his concluding discourse, on the Physiology
and Natural History of Man ; wherein he took a compre-
hensive view of the various races of man throughout the
globe, pointed out their peculiarities, manners, and cus-
toms ; adhering to the classification of the human race,
according to the system of the venerable Professor
Blumenbach, of the University of Gottingen, which divides
The whole family of mankind into five distinct varieties,
'viz., the Caucasian, Mongolian, Ethiopian, American, and
kaloy ; to which Professor Monro, of the University of
LO.lnburgh added the Ceylonese, thereby forming a sixth.
After which, he made some interesting observations on the
}Poor degraded negro, who must for nearly ten years longer
wear the degraded shackles of cruel slavery ; true, his con-
Ilition was a little ameliorated, but be was still a slave under
a new name. The learned Professor then proved most sa-
tisfactorily the intellectual abilities of the unfortunate
African, whose general characteristices proved that he not
°lily possessed warm moral sentiments, but excellent mental
faculties, and who only required kind treatment and edu-
cation to cause their brilliant development, which he trusted
Iwould ultimately take place when they were perfectly
emancipated.—The thanks of the Society were then una-
nimously voted to the Learned Gentleman (who is the
founder) for his recent gratuitous courses of Lectures on
popular Anatomy, Phrenology, and the Zoology of Man ;
after which, an interesting paper was read on the " Con-
duct of Parents to Children," by the Chairman ; on the
conclusion of which, letters were read from the Right Hon.
Earl O'Neill, R.P., George Handcock, Esq., C.E., Jas.
Montgomery, Esq., of Sheffield, and Jonathan Durham,
Esq., of Guernsey.—The Society then adjourned to the
13th of January.
SHEFFIELD.—Extract of a letter from a respec-
table tradesman in Sheffield •to a friend in London, dated
Dec. 21 :—" You will be glad to hear that the Sheffield
trade of every description was never known SO steady and
good as it is now, and has been for a long time. For-
nierly the trade was injured by speculators forcing their
goods into the foreign markets without orders ; but, as
that proved a ruinous system, they are cured of it, and the
result is, that good& are now ordered as they are wanted,
and there are constantly more orders on hand than can be
executed ; in fact, there are advertisements almost every
Week in the newspapers for 50 or 100 journeyman cutlers.
A. band of music aad three hackney-coaches have just
Passed my door. filled with some of the vilest rascals and
lowesi scoanclit.s in the town, on the road to meet Mr.
O'Connor, and welcome him into Sheffield. He is going
to hold forth in the Corn-market, and persuade the people
Low miserable good trade, cheap 'clothes, cheap meat, and
cheap drink, must naturally make every idle fellow.
Since writing the above I went down to the Corn-market,
aril found that the meeting had proved a decided failure;
for all was over in half-an-hour, and not more than 200
Peru:ins could be got together, and those the vilest of the
vile."—Times.

Regent street, Dec. 19, 1835.

The Norwich coaches are, as usual at this season of
the year, crammed full of turkies, to the entire exclusion
Of human passengers, both inside and outside.

TO THE NOBLEMEN AND GENTLEMEN, MEM-

My Lords and Gentlemen—Although I am led to sup-
pose that it has been decided to erect the New House of
Parliament on the old site, I cannot reconcile myself to
abandon the ideas which have suggested themselves for a
Metropolitan Improvement, intended to combine utility,
value, and convenience, with ornament ; until I have ex-
hibited the Model, which will, I expect, be prepared by
the commencement of the ensuing Session, and as I am
wholly uninfluenced by any expectation of emolument or
reward, my briefly submitting the following outline will not,
I trust, be thought obtrusive.
If it be admitted that TIME, in comparison with all
other things, is the most valuable, and that the employ.
ment of Labour, united with the judicious distribution of
means, is a sound principle in Political Economy, then it
will not be disputed that the attainment of a concentration
of the various objects, in relation to which public commu-
nications are requisite, must tend to a very material saving
of the one, whilst it is obviously the interest of an enlight-
ened and liberal Legislature to recognise the consideration
of those measures which may prove, upon investigation, to
be comprehended in the other.
No one who inspects the Map of London, can deny
that a more inconvenient situation, or one which is more
deficient in local advantages, than the extreme end of West-
minster, could have been selected for the Houses of Par-
liament and Courts of Law. Peers, Bishops, and Judges,
Members of the House of Commons, all the Legal Pro-
fession, Bankers, Merchants, Jurymen, Witnesses, and
others, must sacrifice a large portion of time either going
to, or returning from thence ; whether it be in reference
to their private residences, other places of business or re-
sort, the Clubs, the Inns of Court, or the City ; and it
will, indeed, be a reflection upon the age in which we live,
if the influence of prejudice, the spirit of party, mistaken
economy, or individual feeling or interest, should be per-
mitted to preponderate in favour of the worst and most
objectionable spot on which to expend the public money,
when the opportunity presents itself to make the best
available.

Trafalgar Square has been adopted for the National
Gallery, the Strand as a leading branch to the East, Cock-
spur Street; Pall Mall, Regent and St. James's Streets to
the West, and one division of the North ; and another line
is in part prepared to the North and North-East, from St.
Martin's Church ; whereas Whitehall and Parliament
Street must be traversed to the Houses of Parliament, the
Courts of Law, and Westminster Bridge, the latter being
the chief outlet to the South, and its inconvenience, if not
danger, universally acknowledged.
The Plan, therefore, which I beg to offer, is,
That all the buildings at Charing Cross, from Scotland
Yard to, and inclusive of, Craven Street, in the Strand,
with Northumberland House, and the wharfs between it
and the River, should be entirely cleared away ; and on
that site should be erected the two Houses of Parliament
and the Courts of Law, with their appendages.
A Triumphal Arch, commemorative of our naval victo-
ries, should occupy the centre ; its entablature might be
contrived to form a communication from one House to the
other ; and compartments should also constitute an ap-
proach to a Bridge across the River (to be designated Tra-
falgar Bridge), terminated on the Surrey side by another
Arch, in record of our military victories. The line of road
from thence would be taken through a district which would
be greatly benefitted, many narrow streets would be widened,
inferior houses demolished, and a different and reputable
class of property would arise in their place.
Part of that ground should be appropriated for an Am-
phitheatre, on the model of the Colosseum, as the central
point, from which the Dover, Southampton, and Brighton
Rail-loads should diverge. It should be constructed to
afford accommodation, by classification, to all degrees of
persons travelling to and from the Metropolis, in those di-
rections ; and should be so far under the controul and pro-
tection of Government, that order, regularity, and punctu-
ality should be ensured, and every possible security pro-
vided for the lives and property of the public.
...Returning to Trafalgar Square, four houses between the
Phcenix Fire Office and Messrs. Drummonds, should be
taken down, and also a small chapel and two houses in
Spring Garden ; and a carriage entrance would then be
obtained opposite the Strand, to the Mall in St. James's
Park, with a direct communication to the King's Palace,
and to Belgrave Square, and that neighbourhood, by Pim-
lico, and Constitution Hill.

The vacant space in front of the Palace should be en-
closed with massive iron railing and gates.
The houses in Pall Mall, east of the Senior United Ser-
vice Club House, opposite to the south front of the Opera
House, and along Cockspur Street to Messrs. Green and
Ward's, inclusive, should eventually be removed ; the sta-
bling at the end of Warwick Street ornamentally enclosed ;
and an architectural elevation formed from that point to the
Phoenix Fire Office, Some of the houses being rebuilt, and
others new fronted.

The elevation of the east division of Carlton Terrace
could be completed (after the removal of the stabling of
Carlton House), by alloting the remaining ground for the
Sun Fire Office, and the offices of Messrs. Greenwood, Cox,
and Hamtners.ley, with an entrance from Cockspur-street.
The Site of the ancient Palace at St. James's would
afford ample space for a suitable mansion for the Duke of
Northumberland, in exchange for Northumberland House.
TWO small houses in Pall Mall, and one within the gates
of Marlborough House, and the German Chapel, should be
taken down, to admit of sufficient court yards for both these
mansions, and another carriage entrance would also be ob-
tained to St. James's Park, opposite to St. James's-street;
the road branching west to the King' Palace, and east to
Trafalgar-square.
By a bridge across the canal, another communication
may be effected, through Queen-square, and a part of
Westminster, to Vauxhall-bridge.
I am fully prepared to meet every objection to the mag-
nitude of the design, and the expenditure which the carry-

ing it into execution would necessarily involve ; and my
reply is,—that every nation derives dignity and importance,
not only in its own mind, but in that of others, from the
splendour of its Institutions and Public Buildings—that an
immense saving of time will accrue to all those to whom
it is most essential—and that, as the pecuniary resources of
this country are unequalled by any other in the would, they
cannot be better, or more wisely and efficiently applied,
than in aiding the industry, skill, and enterprise of the
people.

I have the honour to remain,
My Lords and Gentlemen,
Your most obedient and faithful Servant,
ALEXANDER RAINY.

CURIOUS AUTOGRAPH LETTERS AND Docu-
MENTS.-Evans sold yesterday, at his room in Pall-mall, the
Right Hon. Edmund Burke's original Receipt to Dodsley
for the profits of the Reflections on the Revolution in
France, for 2/. 2s. ; Mr. Wilks, M.P., was the purchaser.
Burke's Receipt for the copyright of Natural Society Vin-
dicated, produced 1/. 2s. ; his Original Plan of the Annual
Register in 1758 was bought by Glynn for 6/. 65.: who
likewise purchased Sterne's Agreement with Dodsley for the
Copyright of Tristram Shandy and Sermons of Yorick for
71. 7s. Dr. Johnson's Assignment of his Translation of the
Tenth Satire of Juvenal, 71. 7s. The Assignment by Gray of
his two Odes, The Powers of Poetry and The Bard, for
forty guineas, to Dodsley, 8/. Bs. (Mason, in his Life of
Gray, states that the Poet never received any pecuniary re-
muneration for any of his works). Glynn likewise bought
Johnson's Tour in France in his own Autograph, for 20/.,
and Goldsmith's Autograph Agreement to write the Lives of
Eminent Persons, 71. 10s. The Captivity, an Oratorio, in
the hand-writing of Goldsmith, prepared for the press, but
never published, was purchased by Thorpe for 25/. 10s.
(we understand for Mr. Murray, of Albemarle-street, for
his new and complete edition of Goldsmith's Life and
Works). Thorpe bought likewise Goldsmith's Receipt.for
the copyright of his Essay on Polite Literature, 31. ss.
Some original Poems of Allan Ramsay, unknown to
Chalmers, 3/. ss. ; and a rare Autograph of Titus Oates,
1/. 7s. Bishop Percy's Agreement for the first Edition of
the Reliques was bought by Mr. Wilks for 3/. 13s. 6d. ;
and also the third Edition of the Reliques, and Young's
Agreement for his first five Night Thoughts, 3/. 10s.
Twenty-four Autograph Letters of the accomplished Lord
Chesterfield, were purchased by Rodd for 61. Gs. Burke's
Assignment of the Sublime and Beautiful, 51., bought by
Mr. Young, who was a considerable purchaser of other rare
documents. Oliver Cromwell's Autograph Signature was
bought by Mr. Wilks for 2/., who purchased also Burke's
Assignment of the History of the European Settlements
in America for 2/. 4s. Lord Nelson's Letters, an exten-
sive series, most of which have been published, produced
very fair prices. A most curious and important .manu-
script, written upon vellum, in the fifteenth year of Ri-
chard the Second (1391), was bought by Thorpe for 201.
Pickering, the publisher of the Aldine Edition of the
Poets, purchased original Poems on the great Duke of
Marlborough, Sir. Robert Walpole, and George the Second,
for 31. 15s. Haslewood's Roxburghe Revels, sold on this
occasion by Evans, the second time, was bought by Mr.
Wilks for 19/. 10s. After the above and other interesting
Manuscripts were disposed of, a number of rare Plays and
Poems were sold at prodigiously high prices.
December and June have been considered cold
unions, and roses at Christmas are not expected ; but still
at Brill, in Buckinghamshire, in the garden of Mr. Roberts,
there may be seen the effects of the recent mildness of the
season, in the instances of roses, primroses, and pinks in
full blossom.

A mine of virgin quicksilver has been lately found
in the Commune of Peyrat de Chateau, in the Haute
Vienne.

THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1835.

neral cry against the violation of treaties, and before this
cry the Emperor of Russia drew back. At St. Petersburgh
he again became King of Poland, according to the terms
of the treaties, after having wished at Warsaw to be no
other than the Czar of all the Russias.

RESEMBLANCES.—The Emperor of Russia said to the
Poles, " You yourselves must act as the police of your
country." We attacked this proposition for making spies
of the Poles, and we now read in the St. Petersburgh
Speech, " Watch yourselves over'° the tranquillity of your
country." The words are less hard, and more polished, but
the thought is the same. At Warsaw the Emperor of
Russia said, that at'i,:re " least appearance of insurrection
the citadel would bombard the town, and that he would not
rebuild it." In the St. Petersburgh edition, we read, "Be
the guardians of the internal repose of your town, and the
citadel of Alexander will only exist for your protection ; if
not, you will draw upon yourself and your country incalcu-
lable misfortunes." Here the expression is more gentle,
but the meaning is as savage in the one as in the other.
Where, then, is the difference ? At 'Warsaw, it was the
eloquence of despotism—at St. Petersburg, it is its
rhetoric !

We now come to the phrase which we omitted, which
omission, according to the St. Petersburg/i Journal, be-
trays all our perfidy. " I have long since pardoned your
offences against me and my family. My sole desire is to
render good for evil, and to make you happy in spite of
yourselves. I have sworn it before God, and I never be-
tray my oaths." Why did we omit this sentence ? For
the very simple reason that we know nothing about it, for
in truth, if we had known it, why should we have sup-
pressed it ? What interest had we in hiding it ? Does it
prove so evidently the goodness of heart of the Emperor
Nicholas, that it was to change all at once a speech of
gall and bitterness into one of clemency and generosity
We wish it would, with all our hearts, desiring, as we do,
nothing so much as to find in Nicholas the generous senti-
ments of his brother- Alexander. But, alas, these par-
dons, with which you would adorn yourself, where "are
they ? In your speech only ! What clemency or what
generosity have you ever shown to Poland? Do you think
that Europe does not remember the exiles you have sent
to Siberia, the mutilations of limbs, the confiscations of pro-
perty, and the children of twelve years of age, scattered
abroad in every corner of Russia, in order that they may
forget their name, their religion, and their country ? These
arc your pardons ! and even yet we do not know the
amount of them. Singular blindness, in truth, it must be
when you speak of stability, when you sit upon a throne
under which revolts and plots are continually fermenting ;
and that you can speak of clemency, when you have made
desolate all the families of a nation by death or exile I
