FRENCH PAPERS.

(From the Messager des Chambres, Dec. 29.)
PARIS, DEC. 28.—The journey of the Kiog to Lille is
positively fixed for the 4th of January.
Count Pozzo di Borgo will set out for London to'
morrow.

France will learn with grief and indignation the arbi•
trary act which has been exercised against the President
and Ministers of the Polish National Committee. In the'
midst of its patriotic labours for the future welfare of
Poland, the Committee had published a Proclamation t°
the Russian people. This document, which recapitulate
the most solemn promises made to the Russians by the Eat'
perors Alexander and Nicholas, has been circulated 15
thousands of copies in the Russian empire and all Poland.
The Cabinet of St. Petersburgh sent complaints on thin
subject, and to please it our Government has consented to
send away from the capital the members of the National
Committee who signed the Proclamation, viz. Messrs.
Joachim Lelewel, Leonard Chopzko, Anthony Przel
citzewski, Anthony Haszniewiez, Erasmus Rykaeztvelti,
Joseph Zalewski, and the Treasurer of the Committee, Ch.
Ed. Wotizinski.—Coserrier Francais.

It is said that this measure against the Poles was not
adopted till after a long conference between Count Poet°
di Borgo and M. de Broglie. The former is reported to,
have said to the latter, " The expulsion, or my passport.'
This language is perhaps rather laconic for a Diplomatist,
but, if these are not the words, it is at least affirmed
that this was the sense of them.
The demand of Russia was known in England, arid
it was announced some days ago in London that measure.
of rigour would he employed against the Poles in Pas..
These melancholy forebodings have been too fully realiseail
Sir Stratford Canning is gone to Madrid, where be
quit next week. He had numerous conferences with the
Ministry and Diplomatic Body; yet it does not seem that
the Cabinet of the Tuileries has thought fit to take a de-
cisive active part in the affairs of the Peninsula. It see°
that this question will be entirely left to England.
Various changes in the diplomatic body are announced,
Marshal Maison is appointed Ambassador to St. Peters.'
burgh ; Count de St. Aulaire is to go from Rome to Vl-
enna ; Count de Latour Maubourg to Rome ;M. Durand
de Mareuil to succeed Count Latour Maubourg at Naples'
ill. C. Bresson, Minister Plenipotentiary at Munich, 0
succeed M. de Mareuil at Berlin.

(From the National of Friday.)
PARIS, DEC. 27.
The Court of Austria has just addressed a circular to
the Members of the German Confederation. In this ca-
rious document Austria speaks of the Reforms which it is‘
indispensable to introduce into divers Constitutions of the
States of Germany, and the necessity of forming the COw,
tingents of the Confederation. It announces at the same
time that the most perfect harmony subsists between the
three Northern Courts. The whole of the letters put us to
mind of the Circulars and Manifestoes which preceded the
first coalition in 1792.
M. Pozzo di Borgo sets out for London on SaturdeP
where he is to confer with the English Ministry on the
drain of Turkey, and on the intervention which the Porte
solicits in its contest with the Pacha of Egypt. The Court.
of London and St. Petersburgh are actively engaged With
this question, which they consider as of great importances,
Hitherto the English Ministers have declined all armed
interference ; but now Count Pozzo will announce te,
them that his master, the Emperor Nicholas, has resolve
to march to Constantinople in case the Pacha of EgYit
should threaten the existence of the Ottoman empire. It
appears that the Court of Vienna acts in concert with
that of St. Petersburgh.
The Powers have expressed, through their Ambassador/
at Paris, a desire that the Duchess of Berry may be set at
liberty immediately after the closing of the present Session
of the Chambers. Count d'Appony is at this moment
earnestly pressing the Ministry on this subject. Last
Sunday there was a grand conference on this affair with
the Minister of the Interior.

The Temps says the Government seems to hffe re- •
nounced the intention of presenting to the Charni er4 a
law relative to the Duchess of Berry. It is said that
owing to the solicitations of our Ambassador, things will
remain as they are, but that immediately after the Session
the Duchess will be set at liberty, and sent either to
Naples or Vienna. We see clearly by this determinatioo,
that the Ministry can refuse nothing to the demands 0'
diplomacy, but it will not perhaps find it easy to provei
that it has not violated its duty by susp-nding the leggy
,
course of justice. Let us bear no more of the Charter
on all difficult occasions the Ministry has not hesitated
to
violate it.

(From the Temps of Saturday.)
M. de L'Aigle, an Aide•de-Camp of Marshal Gerard'
arrived this morning in Paris. He had le .t Antwerp 0,0.
the 26th, to bring to Paris the colours of the 10th Dutch
regiment, taken in the citadel. On his departure the Mari
,hal bed not yet received an answer from the ping°
Holland.
The Augsburg Gazette of the 25th instant has the
following of the 20th, from Vienna :—" The Eu3Per°,.„r;
accompanied by the Empress, set out on the lEith"„.
Presburg, to open the Hungarian Diet in person. Tute%;
Majesties are expected back to the capital on the 22°'
The same Paper contains a letter of the 11th instan
sth
from Stockholm, stating that a Royal rescript of the 5r
ordains the Convocation of the States in the course 0'
next spring, chiefly with a view to deliberate on measure
calculated to introduce more order into the currency sYb'
tem, and to set bounds to the discredit of bank notes.
The affair of the conspiracy of Barons Vegesack and
Dubrn is compared to the late attempt upon King Louis
Philip. As no real charge can be made out, nothing novr
is heard on the subject.
Marshal Gerard has sent to Paris the large Dutch flag
which, during
new
the siege,
diplomaticwavedove over tahreran citadelgem eonfts ar
A nsve a
t er::
following The
flounced :—Marshal Maison is appointed to the Embassy
at St. PetersburA ; the Count de Saint Aulaire removes
from Rome to Vienna, and is replaced by the Count de
Litour Maubourg, from Naples, who will be succeeded by
AI. Durand de Mareuil, from Berlin, to which Embassy
M. Charles de Bresson, at present Minister Plenipotentiary
at Munich, will pass.

BELGIUM AND HOLLAND.
The following letter has been addressed by Marebi
Gerard to the Minister of War :
" Head-quarters at Berchem, Dec. 24'
" Sir,—l have the honour to inform you that the ga"-
rison of the citadel have this day marched out of the 11.0
tress and filed off before the greater part of the besiegl
troops drawn up in battle array. After having filed °.
they laid dowp their arms upon the glacis, and ircllll,
diately returned to the citadel, where they will rem,o
compliance with the wish of General Chasse, until the
..
resolution to be formed by the Dutch Government, rely
,_
tive to the evacuation of Forts Lillo and Lief krnshoeb.
.hall have decided whether the garrison are to reolatni
prisoners of war or not. I have secured the possesskin
ttr
the citadel, by causing all the posts to be occupied hY,c'i
troops. I have inspected the interior of the eits.:,
It is impossible for me to describe the ruinous state 1."
which 1 found it. All its buildings are entirely ale
stroyed, and the remains are marked by our oh° 61..
.nd balls. This devastation reflects great ho_lowa
upon General Chasse and the garrison who res',s,
our attack. I have expressed to the commandant 0,„ tl3
citadel the esteem which so brave a defence cannot fail t:
excite in every military man. A report addressed to In
to day by General Achard, announces the capture of
gun-boat mooed by 27 sailors, an ensign, and a lie°,
nant, at the moment when it was attempting to Oca,,P,
from the citadel. According to other information. ti.'"
correctness of which is still without positive proof, tue,
gun-boats which are not included in the capitulation, /15q."
all been destroyed or sunk. I expect some positive re'
ports on the subject, which I shall submit to you as Wrl
as I receive them.—Accept, &c.

" Count GERAR )."

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.—SITTING or DE,: 29t
The Chamber was occupied this day in the appoi itol3o
of a deputation to compliment the King, in its na ne,
New Year's Day, after which the Committee to s'
had been referred presented its report on the propos d
of M. Salverte, to continue in the next Ses-ion the
ceedings on Bills introduced during the present, WI! led
may not have been passed. The Chamber then receive,
the reports on a variety of petitions, but none of tb9°`

read
desp

feren
city,
Web
the
61 ti
LUC

T 1
hour
tiered
tunic
to-d a
a pc
and t

tore c
!Ile tl
kup
'tit°
the b
ttl anti
does

111,1;
IL
If the
he tat

, As
guar,
°„rnal,

Th

read up to the hour our reporter was obliged to close his
despatch were of any interest.
_ _

FRENCH FUNDS.-PARIS, DEC. 28 -Five per Cents., 99f. 60c.
70c. 75c. 70c 65c. '7oc. 65c. 70c. 60c. 99f 55c. 60c 55c.-Loan of
1832, 99f. inc.-Four per Cents., 85f. 85r. 25c.-Three per Cents.,
S9f. 65c- 70c. 65c. 60c. 55c. 6''c. 55c. 50c. 45c. 69f 50c.-Bank
Stock, 1,700 f -Bente de Naples, 82f. 40c. 20c. 2.5 c. 15c.-Roman
Rentes,79 7814.-Rente d'Espagne, 33% % %1, .:.414.-Royal
Spanish Loan, 831..-Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 59%
59%.-Belgian Loan, -7% 7,',.-Haytian Loan, 220 f-
. on London, one month, paper; 25f. 80c. ; money, 27f.
75c. ; three months, money, 25f. 65.-fours Authentique.
FRENCH FUNDS. DEC. 29.-Five per Cents., 99f. 70c. 65c. 60c.
55c. 60c. 63c. 60c. 65c. ; Four per Cents., 85f ; Three per
Cents., 69f. 45c.. 40c 30c. 25c. 30c 25c. 35c. 40c. 45c. 55c. 60c.
55c. 50c. 60c. 65c.; Treasury Bonds, Jan. 3%, May ; Bank
Actions, 1,670 f. ltente de Naples, 82f. 82f. 10c. 20c. 30c. 25c.
20c. 30c. ; Rente de Rornain, 78 % ; Rente d'Espagne, Five per
Cent., 12; Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cent., 33 %14 % ;
Royal Spanish Loan, 83 a ; Rente Perpet d'Espagne,
59 % % %; Belgian Loan, 77 ; Haytian
Loan, 220 f. 225f.-Exchange on London, one month, paper,
ak..; money, 25f. 75c. ; three months, money, 25f. 65c.

ANTWERP, DEC. 27.

(From the Times.)
3 O'CLOCK.

The interest connected with the siege of the citadel of
Antwerp is over. The amateurs who have been present
from the commencement are gone, and now, as I under-
stand that observations written in comment on the absurd
Curiosity of some of our countrymen have been applied to
British officer:, whose worth it would betray gross igno-
rance not to esteem, the duty devolves on me of explicitly
stating that such application was not intended, and will
Fonsequevtly be unjust. There have been here, on this
Interesting occasion, British officers to whose urbanity,
rood sense, and professional talents their French equals
have paid the highest respect ; and as in future history re-
ference may he made to the published accounts from this
City, it is hut fair to mention, that among them were Col.
Webber Smith, of the Artillery; Captain Brandreth, of
the Engineers; Lieutenant-Colonel Colin Campbell, late
sf the 21st Infantry; Colonel Scott, late of the lith
Lancers; Captain Hope, of the Fusileers; and Captain
Stirling, of the Prince of Wales's Dragoon Guards.
To Viscount Ranelagh, Captain Parker, and other officers
sf the Guards, frank-spirited young men, whose frequent
visits made them known in the trenches, it will hereafter
an agreeable recollection that they, by forming the ac-
quaintance under fire of some meritorious Frenchmen,
have had the good fortune to contribute to lessen the
Mutual prejudices that ancient quarrels have nurtured be-
tween the two most free, most gallant, and most civilized
People of Europe. One remark seems also due to a third
Party, which is, that it will be well if both learn to treat
With justice, if not with indulgence, the disadvantages
under which Belgium, the country of the great and good
Dukes of Burgundy, now labours, while rising after a
deep of three centuries and a painful revolution into the
tank of an independent nation.

RALY-PAST 3 O'CLOCK.

The departure of the mail for o,tend being delayed an
hour, in consequence of the communicatio❑ being ren-
dered easier by the capture of the citadel, I have an oppor-
tunity of mentioning that the French army began
to-day its retrograde movement, and that to-morrow
a portion of the garrison will march towards Dunkirk,
and the remainder on the following day.

DEC. 2S, FRIDAY NOON.

There is something incomprehensible in the eagerness of
the French soldiers to quit Belgium. In England one is
taught to believe that their wish is to take possession of
tbi, Country, but now that they have reapeil the laurels of
the taking of the citadel, they find themselves in a foreign
tountry, with which they cannot sympathize. It is an
undeniable fact, that the Belgians do not love them. The
People of this country have learned to prize their own na-
tionality, and they object as much to their becoming dc-
Itartments of France as to their being the appanage of the
Dutch Monarch. It is a proper feeling, for it indicates pa-
triotism has begun to bear fruit in a country where many
supposed it long eradicated.
To place Belgium in the position allotted to her by the
treaties hut two points are now wanted,—via., the -free-
,dem of the Scheldt, and the recognition of Holland. There
4 a blockade of the river established by the Dutch King,
leho still keeps Liefkenshoek and Lillo, as Ferdinand of
Pain kept for years Callao and San Juan d'Ulloa, in
order to warrant his sovereignty. The convention of the
22d of October last obliges the French and British to cause
,the evacuation by the Dutch of the Belgian territory, yet,
'"rti some unknown causes, the forts are, as it is said by
I„°Daf', to be now left untouched by the French army. To
"iee who recollect that the first cannon-shot which
broke the armistice before the French opened the trenches
ttear the citadel was fired on the 23d ult., from Lief ken-
Ibt'eka at a Belgian Major, while inquiring into the cut-
ting of the dikes of the polders of Santa Anna and Kee-
s!ni"e,—who knew that even last Sunday the Dutch at-
r'Fited by cutting the dike of Doel to plunge 400 other
Belgian families into misery, but were repulsed with
!.:)nsiderable loss by the French—who are convinced that
ne evacuation of those forts by the free assent of the

t.Uutch King will not be speedily elf, cted—the hasty depar-
ture of the French appears extraordinary. Hence, to recon-
Ile the necessity of establishing the race of Europe, it
"PPOSed that while the mass of the army withdraws
4to France, some 15,000 men will remain here to effect
the b'ockade of those forts, in case the frosts of next
tttilotith, which the rise of the barometer seems to indicate,
411 not facilitate their being taken by storm.
Of the immediate recognition of Belgium by Holland
tilere appears but little chance. It was yesterday proposed
tl General Chasse that he and his garrison should take
111 oath not to serve against Belgium during the collisions
"hieh the present provisional state of Holland and Belgin.n
Fight bring about and he refused. He and his garrison
ire theretore to be conducted in detachments to Dun
t:t.ht to be still kept as hostages for peace. The first
111, it is said, begin the march to-morrow.
%The King, Leopold, still continues here. In answer to
the application of the Regency of the city for leave to let
t(e citadel after its evacuation be seen for money, the
'flg privately answered, that such a proceeding was not
ui,
Led to his dignity nor the honour of the city; and on
toe
Other two points, viz., the freedom of the Scheldt, and
he removal of the interior walls of the citadel, the reply
fast that while lie felt the greatest anxiety in the welfare
t' the fine old city, and was glad that the inhabitants had
eterned to their houses, he was satisfied that the Powers
°f Europe would take care to ensure, according to the
hteaties, the freedom of the river ; and on the other points
Vould do all that was possible to satisfy the citizens, as
11 as circumstances and the safety of the state would
4115 w him.
I
have seen the official lists of the killed and wounded
'e
the French army during the siege ; the former is 90,
latter 614,—in all 704.

2 o'cLocx.
AS there was a continuation of the cannonade down the
goer, not only yesterday evening but this morning, I went
,take inquiries respecting it. It appears that as yet no
'"'eial report has been made. The weather is dull and
,1,4 z :Y. The four Belgian gun-boats are now stationed op.
vv.'4lte to the city. Some French officers state, that
4:111e their division retires from their stations to protect
'Polders, there is a Belgian division to succeed them.
tr, There are many artists from Paris now in the citadel,
" Paint it ere its horrors vanish. The French General-
0-Chief, in order to spare the feelings of the Dutch
4140ners, has taken care not to allow the merely curious
enter it as yet.
11: king
Leopold remains in Antwerp, in order to arrange
;:'"elgiati affairs as well as their present extraordinary
%ion will allow.
General Flahaut, the Mentor of the two French Princes,
Iti')k them off yesterday to Brussels, on their way to Paris.
1,6 General, it appears, is embarrassed at the odd policy
tv adopted.

HALF-PAsT 2 o'cLocic.
tot
It Would appear that all this absurd course is adopted in
sequence of the King of Holland having within six
Pf „45 sepirated Liefkenshoek and Lillo from the command
ki:le citadel under Chasse; the convention of October
kti:ifies the forts connected with the citadel of Antwerp,
tin' no other. The King of Holland, by the new separa
has thrown a new source of delay even into the pro-
thtgings of the army, and the Diplom4tists, who act by
tt:lttter rather than the spirit, have adopted the Dutch
,rlttrather than their own.
ttishe Dutch prisoners are to advance from Antwerp in
~,titoris of 1,000 men each ; each column will he escorted
•
Sao
brigade of French troops. The first column will
t eh to-morrow, and one each day after, until all have
.411,_"t1 forward. The number of Dutch pr;soners amounts
"Iliveen 7,000 and S,(00.
R

t,•Qcomr,EcTioNs OF A CHAPERON.—We
requested to state that this sivoik, edited by Lady
will be published by Mr. BENTLEY, New Bur.
ki,'4-street, on Wednesday next. Orders should be
immediately to prevent disappointment Agents
)r Me-srs. BELL and BRADFUTE, Edinburgh ;
if4nd, Mr. JOHN CUMMING, Dublin. To he had
411 respectabie Booksellers, and at all the principal
14ting Libraries throughout the kingdom.
fr'e3l,brll.k. WEAVING.--The silk weaving of the
etlt towns round Manchester was never known to be
.tre iat Christmas before; wages are ve'y low ; but
4O .xpectation of in advance in the spring.
ha cotton factories in Lancashire are in ge-
I woritiwiLeeds Mercury,

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING. DECEMBER 31, 1832.

It was observed the other day by a morning
contemporary, that it was absurd to look to the
Church for Church Reform. What we have
heard of the frequent discussions between the
Bishops at the palace of the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY on this subject, during the last
month, convinces us that our contemporary was
not wrong in his conclusion. Men—and least
of all Churchmen—whose education and habits
necessarily tend to narrow their ideas, and to
render them more selfish than those who have
more frequent and general relations with the
world—do not readily acquiesce in innovations
which reduce their own influence and pecuniary
interests ; and it is astonishing how differently
persons, view according to their station and con-
dition, not only what is called generosity, but
even right. The Bishops may regard as unjust,
and almost as sacrilegious, the demand for sacri-
fices, which the people consider moderate in a
high degree ; and when the Archbishop of CAN-
TERBURY talks of the propriety of resisting
every plan of Reform which may not appear to
him to be safe, he may consider as unsafe any
plan which would have the erect of diminishing
his temporal power and enjoyments, and reducing
the revenues of the Church.

It has been said that the Archbishop of CAN-
TERBURY is a Reformer, and that all discussion
in Parliament on the subject of Church Reform,
beyond the formal acknowledgment of conces-
sions from the Church itself, will be rendered
unnecessary by his conduct, in this important
crisis, for himself and the other dignitaries, whose
advocate and head he is. What we have heard
of the late meetings at Lambeth Palace, gives
us a very different idea of the intentions of the
Bishops, and if we wanted anything to convince
us that the Archbishop of CANTERBURY has
been much misrepresented in being styled a
Reformer, we should find it in his last charge.
The Archbishop, after saying that it is not easy
to determine " how soon the spirit of persecution
and rapine will avow its designs in this island"
(the old cant), and declaring, that he " will not
even examine the merits of the various plans
which have been proposed for the Reform of the
Church" (will not even examine !) proceeds to
say, " the Church has unquestionably defects and
imperfections (this is admitting something),
but that which at first sight offends is not always
wrong. Parts which, singly considered, are
pronounced to be faulty, may be found on a larger
survey, to possess a relative excellence, and to
contribute by their bearings on the whole of the
system to a beneficial result." The venerable
Prelate, although he does not deny that there
are imperfections in the Church, labours to show
that what are abstractedly considered such may
become perfections as a whole. This is pretty
plain pleading, we think, against Church Reform,
at least against any Reform with which the public
could be satisfied, and which we have a right to
expect. But let us hear the Archbishop a little
further. He says, " In respect to the conduct
of affairs, some allowance is necessary ; and
things really objectionable may be altered for the
worse, if we forget that perfection in wisdom
and virtue is not the lot of man." What is this
but saying that the Church, with all its imper-
fections, ought to be considered sacred, and that
the superior clergy shall be allowed to riot in
temporal power and sensualities, " perfection in
wisdom and virtue not being the lot of man."
We do not say that even after these declare-

'tions and observations, the Archbishop of CAN-
TERBURY may not stand forward as a Church
Reformer ; for although we have seldom wit-
nessed much moderation and liberality in the
heads of the Church, their sagacity has never
been impeached. They know well how to offer
a little, if, by that offer, they may preserve a great
deal; and the Archbishop of CANTERBURY
being well aware of the stir abroad for Church
Reform, may endeavour to create a party in his
favour in both Houses of Parliament, by a show
of concession; but if his Grace was sincere in
his charge to the clergy of his diocese—and
there is no reason to doubt his sincerity on that
occasion, for the churchman is in every line—we
may safely concur with our contemporary in say-
ing that it would be absurd to look to the Church
for Church Reform.

It is much to be regretted that in this diffe-
rence between the heads of the Church and the
nation, the former bring with them to the discus.
sion an uncharitableness of heart, which must pre-
vent an amicable result. When we demand the
Reform of the Church, the improvement of its
constitution, the renovation of its discipline, and
the regulation of its property—all in the inte-
rest of true religion and consistently with the
safety and honour of the State,—.we are re-
proached with entertaining a spirit of persecu-
tion and rapine ; and instead of attempting to
reason us out of error, supposing that we were
really wrong, the superior clergy think to stifle
inquiry and defeat Reform, by crying out
" Sacrilege," as the French clergy did when they
foolishly endeavoured to stem the tide of Re-
form. If religion in this country has nothing to
fear from the obstinacy of the Church, it will be
because men are better educated here than they
were in France, and know how to distinguish
between the profession and the faith ; but we
cannot too strongly impress upon the minds of
the superior clergy that as the public want only
liberality towards the inferior clergy and justice
towards themselves, the outcry about " persecu-
tion and rapine," is exceedingly ill-timed.
As we are not to hope for anything in the
shape of real Reform from the Church, we
cannot but rejoice that the affair is in the hands
of men who will neither do injustice to the supe-
rior clergy, nor to the nation on whose behalf
they are required to act. Earl GREY and Lord
BROUGHAM will not, we are sure, allow their
minds to be unfairly influenced in favour of the
clergy by the friend:3 whom the Bishops have at
Court, neither will they make such a mistake as
to seek for popularity by any outrage against
the Church. They know that the people, well
informed as to their own rights, are willing to
respect those of the clergy, but that they are
determined not to be priest-ridden, although
they agree with the Archbishop in thinking that
perfection is not the lot of man.

We have read with great satisfaction the
speech of Mr. POULETT THOMSON, delivered
on Thursday last, to the electors of Manches-
ter. This speech, a full report of which will
be found in another part of The Sun, is marked
by candour and boldness—though the boldness
is not of that cavalier character which Mr.
STANLEY displayed at Lancaster, and which
may very reasonably be styled presumption.
Air. THOMSON is r bold within the limits
of a becoming, manly discretion, and on the
subject of the ballot explains his sentiments
without reserve or subterfuge. He is, and has
ever been, an advocate for the ballot ; still he
would give the present Reform Bill fair play, and
allow it time to work before he made up his mind
definitively to insist on further changes. We
hold stronger opinions on this point than Air.
THOMSON, inasmuch as we would have the
ballot carried the very first feasible opportunity ;
nevertheless, it gratifies us to find that in the
Right Hon. Gentleman we shall never find an
opponent of the measure, but on the other hand,
as its necessity becomes more fully developed, a
stanch, and powerful advocate. Mr. THOMSON
is equally liberal and enlightened in his semi-
ments respecting slavery and free trade, which
he would gladly set free from all the vexatious
shackles that at present encumber it. As re-
gards the final character of the Reform measure,
Mr. THOMSON 'S observations are far more satis-
factory than either Lord ALTHORP'S or Mr.
STANLEY'S. " Gentlemen," said the Right
Hon. Gentleman, " I am aware that much
misrepresentation has gone abroad upon the
subject of final measures, but I can attri-
bute that to the watchful jealousy with
which the conduct of public men is justly
scrutinized. Gentlemen, I know not what
is the meaning of final measures—(lm-
mense cheering)—l know of no bounds
for the march of improvement ; I know
of no limits which the course of human intelli-
gence has to meet with ; I know of no power
to send back the tide of civilization, or to make
the springs of human improvement stagnate at
their very source—(Loud cheers)—and I
feel satisfied, that as the course of years rolls
on, if the wants or the advanced intelligence
of the community require any change, in
the course of legislation that has been
entered upon, it will be for human wis-
dom and sagacity assembled, and collected
as it ought to be, legitimately and orderly
in the great councils of the nation, to proclaim
those wants and suggest those improvements."
We request our readers to peruse Mr. THOM.•
soN's speech with attention ; for they may see
in it some few things to cavil at ; they will, un-
doubtedly, see much more to admire.

The news from Antwerp and Brussels will be
found in another part of The Situ. It now ap-
pears, though the King of HOLLAND has re-
fused to ratify the capitulation of the citadel of
Antwerp, that he has paid clue honour to the
meritorious and gallant defence made by the
veteran General CHASSE and his devoted garrison.
He has even surpassed expectation by conferring
the order of the Grand Cross of William
on CHASSE, and to mark his sense the more
strongly of the General's conduct, the KING
took from his own person the order he then

wore and sent it to the distinguished soldier. This
is praiseworthy.
It appears by the despatch of General CHASSE,
that the citadel was reduced to the last ex-
tremity before it offered to surrender.

The French papers of Friday and Saturday
have been received. They announce the arrival
of the Dukes of ORLEANS and NEMOURS in
Paris on Friday evening, from Antwerp. The
whole of the French army is now on its return from
Belgium, and will probably repass the frontiers
by the end of this week. The departure of M.
Pozzo DI BORGO for London on Saturday, was
the theme of speculation in Paris; but little
was known of the real motives for the mission of
the wily Corsican-diplomatist.
The general impression in the French capital
was favourable to peace, notwithstanding the
obstinacy of the King of HOLLAND in refusing
to surrender forts Lillo and Liefkenshoek.

The German Papers inform us that Prussia
is taking due precautions with regard to the
Rhenish provinces ; but, probably, the evacua-
tion of Belgium by the French army will allay
her apprehensions:—

VIENNA, DEC. 20.—Five per Cent. Metalliques 85 -a;
Four per Cent. 731; Bank Sh res 1,1071.

SUN OFFICE, Three o' Clock.

We understand that the prisoners taken in
the Citadel of Antwerp have been released on
parole. We trust this generous conduct will
propitiate the King of Holland.
