OXFORD, DEC. 10.

The following are the names of those Gentle-
hien
w'ln hava received the first honours of the
ertY, at' the examination now closed, arranged,
e Statute requires, alphabetically
1.
e LAS. AND POLITE LirEaaTtriiii.—Bull T.
li,toristehurch ; Carr, T. University Cullege ; Cole-
tll!,e' IV. H. Christchurch ; Dawson, G. K. Ditto ;
;N,',11, N. T. Corpus Christi College.; Sesnioc,,,N.
agdalen College. '
IVIATHE4ATics.--Bayley, F. S: Queens .Co
Rimefiefd, W. T. Christchurch ; Bull; T.
tet°i Chinnery, G. Ditto; Coleridge, W. H.
The•
IvaiL late examination is supposed to have been un-
aod `" in the time it has occupied, and the talent
1414,xertion it has called forth. The number exa-
`wi was about 8.0.

TNR
THRATRE.—As there was some change in
T'
(IPresentation of The liivals, last night at
Q,'ent Garden rheatee, we shall take notice of theGrkiy, well as it is known to our Readers. .Mr.
triritt.c, for the first time, we believe; perlorm-
t.ii? Part -of Captain Absolute, and in such .' rnan-
ai to add considerably to his general reputation
ar4- laor. He was easy spirited and humourous ;
slur we'consider how very ably he represents
so widely remote from each other as
Polcon6ridge, Pomo, and Jollier, as well as
ke..Y others of a very different description, we
fapn?t aorprised that he should be so great a
po-tltite with the
_punk, and, rank with the 6iief
Iterfoi:'' -the stage. FAWCETT, for the first time,
viell 'nett the part of Sir Anthony Absolute, so
4‘: to deserve warm approbation. He lost
114,,,1,);" of 'the chatader, and supported ii
ttio,'"g''ot with genuine humour, and a lull
FaCt,t gun of its temper , and eccentlicities.
444,,,,`4' was judicio,isly represented by YoUNG.
fOr -141Atto also deserves a commendatory notice
'IC!" Perfornianee Acres' ••• Miss B"." w.as
‘ltt entli' romantic in Lydia, Languish.
-`)N. concelvcd the' part ot Jahn berter Ural
d it, but-thcle is a softness of tone and'
ex4iileinent of manner required in it which are not
Y unison with her•qualities.
• It •••••.•11.1.

t7lPer to state 'Awl Cspt, GEonncHAttaxs,
-101)`;', s' Francis Drake' frigate, the soi! ot,
Ilte"83 the chief PloOritnor iif Covent Garden
trio; and it way be fairly added, that the a-
-andlife Hero, have never been mote oplete-
rci'Presented on his stage, than both of ,ihose cha-
kis? have' been fralizpd, on many occasiops, by.
youngplrtled Offi cer.

Oci„
4e C. "“'".AN has °Coed himself a candidate for
hastaterday
ingtitt Port. Borough of SandwiCh.
fine Indiamat), tamed the Bengal,
launched froth Wells's Yard; at Blackt.vsll.--,
Ithitru(Aure of this vessel is generally admired.
If.'eld beafs an Indian Bramin, well carved.
in t „Tv. weeks `since as the ,Rot-they, 74, was crutz-f
1t0kt..,". Toulon, a boy who had washed a, pair o
to the
*bile endeavouring, to tic tHern,
0)4 aisle dfy, fell over.' " Boy orervoara,
to,, Instantly cried out. Captain J. ALLEN, the
the. thander,. hearing the cry, instantly plunged into
'it sea frorri the gallery window, and rescued the
•
~4i. It was. quite da, k being about eight o'clock,
14 kt►na,nd while the ship was going at the rate of
1
uaardl4'n hour. Captain ALLEN was taken en
tilttart,,Hi‘.ter following the ship with the buy, .a
t art hour. It is most remarkable that this
ibr- "r3t time Capt. A, had been out of his ca-
t ()fault" days, having been confined by a severe
tles3
vt) •
1%1, • ut'sdaY, the toth instant, arrivtld at,
Liver:
%li In 32 days., from 'the west Indies, the Staff
bid cars, colours, and drummers of that ' gallant
1144`,„°11's 'the. 46th regiment, from whence they
brig mtarched to
join their head-quarters, at Kings-
Devonshire, commanded by Lieutenant-
\i'PAYOß.
that :ICalll by a Gentlernan arrived from Crirtml”),
Petite stone Monument has been erected, at the
.";7,
lilt the 'British -Government, to the memory It.
\,„(ii)tiste sir JOHN MooftE, Instead. 'prime made 0
Which hAd been put up by the French--the
one
mos oust '7OO dollat3.

r kelibEß OF iiiii,,,lii.4-iii? Aka r4irlLY.

SEIMINELL OVFI6E, iigt. J.

. .
J. Taylin., ihe invalid boatswain, was Again
brought up, on the charge of uttering language de-
Glaring his knowledge of the tntirderets in Rateliif
Highway, The'prisoner imputed his weakness, in
uttering such 'language, to a fraaured skull ; bin
that was not the case ;---one of. the sleeves of his
coat being bloody,: and the confused account he
likewise gave of himself, did not Satisfy" the Ma-
gistrates, and he was' Oidered for a further exami.-

nation. •
Other person wail examined, on suspicion of
the fatal maul, so mach described as the instrutnent
which inflicted the death wound.; in the late mas-
sacre of Mr. Marr and family, being bought at or
stolen from hi; house. Goff, of Union-hall, on Toes-
day,obtained a sight of the pin maul ; and examin-
ed the premises and adjoining' neighbourhood, when
he fixed • his attention on a similar instrument, ex-
po‘ed to sale near the premises of Mr. Marra The
dealer in marine :stores denied his having sold such
an instrument, or th.it he had one of thedescrip-
tion. Goff' knew the, maul ; hdd not been lately
used much before the :Nal massacre, it bearing the
appearance of rust, although st.iioed With the blood
of the yittims. - - _

Goff intormed• the Migislrates of this Office of
the circumstance, and the man was questioned, and
further niq-oiry will be instituted. It will be highly
salisfae:lory to the Magisira,es and the Public, if
any person has sold or lost a pin-maul previoua to
rttc bon 0)1(1 catastrophe;:immediately.to give tufot-
mation.

A' Lascar and a woman were brought up for an

Investigation, on kcharge of being concerned in an
affray. on Tuesday night in Angel-gardens, near
Utchti Highway. From the'. evidence aglinst the
,prisoners it appeared, that on Tuesday night, a par-
ty of.Lasc•irs :were seeking for house of ill fame
in the neighbourhood. In their progress they at-
tempted to "enter . into a lodging-house ; t hey • were
ordered to depart, instead of which the Lascars
broke open the door, when opposition ensue-ht. In
the scull!, a poor man, who was sitting by the
fire, received some dreadful blows froin a stati, and
the prisoner severely wounded bim in the head
with a . knife or dills. An alarm being given, the
Lascars retreated, and after a Log chase, the pri-
soner was secured, in company with the woman. •
Several Witnesses were examined, whose eiidence

proved the identity of the prisoner, and the Ma-
gistrates comMitted him and the wotrian for a fur-
;her examination, until
.the fate of the man was

known.

Bow-STREET..—FOdGED SI'AMPS.-11 has been
far some time past suspeled, by the Commissioners
of the giant) Office, hat forged stalaps were in cir-
culation, particularly on patent and quack medi-
cines. Wiih a view to disc6ver 'he troth of this
suspicion, Mr. Franee; 'the Solicitor to the Stamp
Office, called at a Medicine shop, near the Royal
Exchange, and purchas-d a box of Dr. Jehb's
On examining the sunno on The box, he discovered
it to be a forgery.• fir inquired of the woman
where she got the stamp, she rrtplid, The had 'it
with a number of other boxes of the same kind of
pills, ot, Mr. Celliewt, who also kept a medicine
shop.
Mr. France, being satisfied that the woman
gave a (air account as to hew she became posseis-
ed of the counterfeit stamps, he obtained a war,
rant to search Mr. Collicott's house, and to
,prehend him.
Vickery went to execute the warrant ; he was
informed by' Mrs. Collicutt that bee husband was
ow of town. He told her he had a warrant to
search for forged stamps. A servant girl accom-
panied him into a back room, and into other parts,
to search for them. It then becoming tat her dark, he.
requested to have a candle, and the girl went down
stair; to get him one; she • 'Wcts absent about
damutes, and returned without a candle, but asked
her mistress whether she.stmuld get a. light. Tht,s
being aa unexpected ciic.:rustance, together, with
her not having an apron on, that she; had when sim-,
went tar the candle, Vickery followed her, suspea.:
ing there, was something wrong in their
The .Officer went into a Dad( shop, .and descended
by a ladder from over apinit the wall of tat sho:t,
but could not find any thing there of a sus,;:ci,,us
nature. He then went d wn stairs,.and in a clo.et
in the front area, where coals were lopt, he found
a. large qtiawity of forged stamps tied up the.
apron which the servant girl had 'on when h first
entered the house ; in consequence of this di-co.
. very, he had no doubt that
‘When she first went
down stairs, under pretence al ting a light al candle,
that she concealed the forged stdmps in the coal.
cellar, and in consequence took her into custody:
She was, however, not detained long, a respectable
gentleman undertaking for her appearance at a fu-
ture day. . -
It being ascertained that Mr. C. was travelling on
his business about Bath and Bristol, Vickery and
'Lavender were dispatched to apprehend him, and.
they 'found him at Pill, near Bristol, at a public,
house, and, on searching his luggage, they found'
two bottles of Lotion, with forged stamps, of the
same description as 'Mae fowl in his house :
he
offered the Officers a tee to destroy them, which
They refined. The Officers brought him to town,
and he has undergone several examinations, and a
final one on Tuesdayevening.

Maria King has been admitted a witness,, frorn
whose evidence it appears, that the vine description
of stamps as were lound by ,the Officers were tiled
on the medicines sold in the shop ; she knew. they
were bad, her master having told her so, and direct-
ed her to cot out the middle part of the stamps
when she put them , on the medicines, using the
sides only of 'the forged stamps, taking out of the
centre of them Inc words " Bristol," and
putting the seal in the place, which he either.did
himself, or she, by his direetion. She knew that
sealed stamps of that.description were sent out with
different medicines to Wood-and Cnningh3m, Prin-
ters, at Bath, as she assi.ited in doing them up.
The prisoner was committed for trial.
-John Frince was charged with fratdulently obtain-
ing a variety of articles, under a' .pretence that be
was in the employ of Mr. Hamlet, the silver.
smith and jeweller, in Prince's=street, Leicester-
square.
It appeared, that he went to Mr. Lester, in -Kirby

ereei, Ilatton-Garden; and obtained twti
frames and glasc.,s, under a pretence than they wtile
for Mr,•l-Tandet..—,Mr. Lester "as from !,(itni., soot
Mrs. 'Lester having heard her husband often eui, he
had frequently applied tq Mr. Hatniet Orders,
had no d'ontat btu he wished to haVe laird 'Air a cus
toner, she very readily gave the articles 'pi the pri-
saner ; who also obtained same articles o!'jewellei y
tram Messrs. Woodward
.and Barrow, in Bartlett's-
buildings, under the sat* false pretence. • •
Mr. Stva', the assistadt to Mr. Hamlet, said, it
was some years since the prisoner wa4 employed
by them, and, did not send hitn for the above
articles.
Mr. Mama, the Sitting Magistrate, lamented to
. .
see the prisoner in his situation, as he had known
him in much better days ; but he was sitting there
to perform a public duty, and he must commit him
for further examination,
Several Pawnbrokers produced the articles which
he lull obtained, and believed him to be the man
who bad pleilged them.

WHITECHAPRL. The two,
Portuguese, Le Silvoe and Barnard .lovae, who
were apprehended on Friday last, 'were brought to
the above Office yesterday morning, . and rkamined
near two boors, on suspicion of'being concerned in
the late murders at Raiclitf-highway.
• It appeared yesterdly, that Le Silvoe ald Bornard
Jovoe were at the Artichoke public-house, near Mr.
Mares, drinking at half-past. eleven o'clock, and
that they ware seen by many of the inhabitants be-
tween the above time and a qu :her tielo,e twelve -;'•
also that they were ,seen near one O'clock in Old
streets adjoining. La Silvoe lodges in, Marmont-
street, and c:inie home for admii lance a; one o'clock,
and knocked.at the door ;'• and his wife let him in
as the watchman was going by, and crying -iiast'one
o'clock. His landlord was waiting to give evidence
to the ahnvoeffeti.

Mrs. Le Silvoe otrered to prove that her husband
waq al home at eleven o'clock, but her testituony
was not admitted. "
A worn to who lives with Bernard Jovoc wanted
to prove an—aai, but the evidence appeared very
vit,ubtinl.• The prisoners were committed 'for ano-
ther hearing.

GUILDHALL-- Yesterday, Michael Routhoiham. wps
brought. up, charged by Mr. Pritten, aumionecr,
Cheapside, with •• stealing from his auttion-room
witting stand and a dressing-case, value tl. 7s. ,
A person in the auEtion-room; while the an lion
yens 'going on, observed the prisoner put. the articles
into his 'pocket, 'and go ant ; he followed him to
the door, and told him that
,he had put things'into
.his pocket which did not belong to lum ; to,whiCh
the prisoner answered in a contemptuous way—,
" that he was a person belonging to the auetion•
room." • .

_ .
The prisoner, in hiS defence before the I\lacis-
trate, confl.•!ently asserted to lir!, ornst:•CutOu',; face,
that he was employed by. him as a putTp. 'in ii due-
tioti4onto, and had bought in those %cry articles tin.
der his diredions. rrios assertion. the posectlior
conditted upon oath..

Another AuNioneer, whose name was not men-
Coned, Said, that the prisoner had been some Only
to hit employment and that several articles., 'filmid
at different pawnbrokers, which had been stolen
from him, tallied whit duplicates found in the ph-
otier's pobsieiOn ; but he could not bring any far-
ther proisfs home to !Mu.
The prisoner was committed.

VstoNr-FIA
,Cope, Thomas Cope,
and Wm. French, wore Chargett with stealinva
quintity. of straw nod seeds, ahe property rat NI r;
Bandon, seedsaian, at the. Spur Inn, in the .Liorou
It appeared, that u 4 .(..4011 and Clark, two, of the
Officers of Union Hall, '„were on the look-out on,
Suuday morning, shout drt -break; theyob.ierved
the prisoner, Thomas cope, a: boy, h. a truss ei
straw upon his head, which, on thc,Orticeriilookin.,,
.at hint, he threw •down, and burst irtto tears. T.
'induceitthe Officers to.vcstion him, when he con-
f„o.4ed:;,e..lind :fetched it by his father's orders from
Mr., good ;ti's' howykeeper, at the' Spur
this,the Officers went .to the stable, where
they found 'French, the horse-keeper, who, ita an-
swer to their inquiries,: said tris.mastet directed tom
to 4ive the:straw to the boy. Upon applying
Mr. I3Jattan, however,'lte denied haying'any know-
ledge of the.transaOion. The Officers then prone&
ed to take Cope (the father), the son, and W
French into custody, and afterwards went to the
prisoners' lodgings, on searching which, they found
upwards of 4Q sacks, a gnatitiry of yeas, btans, car-
'raway seed, and parsley 'seed, which. they confessed
havitig stolen from Mr. Bowdon. Tic were CUM-
inittvd fur trial.

No less 'than seven servants have been brought
before the Police within the last fortnight, charged
with having obtained services by means of fictitious
characters; ,aud the circumstances disclosed by one
of these offenders ought to be a caution to families.
There is aiirtn of character-venders, about twelve
in numbet ; some of wham live in; respectable apart-
ments. The discarded servants pay seven shillings
00 entering (heir names, anti the like sum on getting
their places, They stay in service generally, until
the house is robbed, either by themselves, or by
gangs, With whom they are mostly. acquainted.
Written chara'zteis :should be guarded against, un-
less well aueienticated, as it rarely happens that
any iifthe fratiduli4it firm are seen. Offenders, are
legally subjea to a fibs of twenty pounds, or six
tunnths7 imptionment.
An Incp was taken on Saturday, at the Horse.
shoe public-hawse, in Grove-lane, two miles from
Badiey, un the body 'of Willis Gulling, who was
shot on trespass by a watchman, in time preserve of
Mr. Cotten; it aPpeat,ed that the preserve in
question had .bet..!n tresPassed on until scarcely
any game or fish 'Was left, anti two men had
been saveral nights placed:on the watch. The de-
Leased, who was the son of a small farmer, was sUr.'
prised by. one of the meti on the watch, carrying ,off
a quantity ,of jacks, on Thursday night, and
there being another man 13 dOillp/rly, a (01113 t resist-
ance was made, and the deceased received the con.
tents of a lowpal-piene* in his chest. The Jury.
conceived the watchman did his duty, and delivered
a verdici aecorditlgly.

LT? ERiiTtl 7g.

We regya that, ,'midst tiie multiplictitinn of
rintas mattrri which presied upon our mtenn,in, %;.,4

have not had a propel opportunity of noticing t:.e,
last Number of The Qunrterly Revitr, a

(ion which, as British

don; as well as to the 0410(•al ioteregtc of htert-
. . .

ture, is jitirticUlarly entitled to our regard, and to
publieencouragenient,lor tho.reetitude of 'vs pHs:

Ciples, and the very able manner its which thy), are
uniformly developed and supported. Crit:ci.im b:4a
for some time worn an aiPeti of political ranyoui,
arrogance, and personality, .which broke not in
northern part of .Out empire, and which ;as tir-
tonately found imitators in most periodical wors of
a similar nature. !the Quarterly Review has obviotisly
escaped the.' infect it maintains a digruk-A
march, and if sometimes its feelings shoufd
Mused, it is only animarecr try that indignation.
which becomes ,virtue and m wisdo,;when the br:it
"interests of society are inva,belt, mid fadtious impu-
dence assumes ihe mask of parriolion and
thropy. We, thereture, are otp;tl solivitring tb en-
rich out-column with the pages of airs masterly.
publication, which, from what we kuuw, and I;ava
reason to firlieve, is conduae.d by some of tho ablest,
the best informed, and
,the most 'honnurahle
ratters. arriongus. shall. now gratify our Read.
era with.an,extraet froM this admirable wrath, ~rclat-
ive to a Publication of Gettral SARRAVN.-•
The:Reviewer commences his notice of that pub-.
'licstion in the following Manner •
.'..There ere, prt.thahly, rew individunlii in Europe
whose ,comforrs have not been, or may not be
abridged by the all pervading influence of Boon ;-
pule. There are none so insulated as to view hour
:vith.inditierence. His taleni and his vices, 'his
achievements and his crones, furnish matter nut
only Of speculative inquiry but oh 811XIOUS medita-
tion : and there is no passage of Buonaparte's hie;
nor any quality of hiS mind or temper, which dors
not excite in every reads..r of his his:oty; in wh.itevPr
part of the world, a silent and involuotaly retcrenee
to- future possible contingencies. in which he May
himself unhappily have a share. It is interesting to
investigate the process, anti td measure the steps by
which an individual, born in the humblest walks of

private life, has advanced from obseorny to the pos-
session of t!h highest rank
,which fortune can be-
pow lounan ambition ;to mark, the quick and
dexterous audacity with which he has seized and
profited by every advant4ge, which a series of un-
exampled vicissit udes.snccessively t win his way;
and to contemplate the skill with whii.:ll he has re-
combined, and consolidated all
.the deinentomt a
mighty power, which had been, scattered abroad
by the explosion of the revolutionary voloanu.---•
tut it is doubly interestitioo.e:Onnine and calcu-
late the means of 'mischief, 'which such u. series of
successes, however earned, hai accumulated it, the,
hands of this daring anal' prosperous adventurer,

when we know. that the destined employmont, of
[11094 Mettliti•is Inc the desttuction or this country;
and that we must therefore be prepared to oppose Ju.
theni„, so long. as liis lifu dl endure, a
lant and uninterinittinvesistance. Every publi.
'cation, therefore, of whatever tiai tire, Ot from tYllat• •
ever nen, which firernises to afford a new insight
int,, the aAcins and: chruacter of so extraordinary
ott:rs a, sore incentive to our curiosity. •
The anecdotes which have been collC ccl, re-
spe are, aw t:tigl9 espetted,
meet intittneroble. For • a .ime, tlaise ooly wet°
soneitt winch tended to indicate, in .ne yonthi A
callliAlate for inilitirry fame,
.the tutor' hero of Lodi,
Ut Aicole„'of Roveredo,..&c.i; hts eArly,vices wero,
coticeakd hi,: wt:il4 nowt): ferocity ~iossed nv
!,is ambit nti con:OW...red as, the insonm nt
wed°, !1), ; and, tip strung and Wij3
.111116.011 I HiS 11'411111)11S his , AiCei had
cast :trik.ted 11.111, that We scat (fly know how• to
lit the (late at which the.perievciing dj..play of his
malignant. nature began to slate his admil
4itence.
The tide of popular opinion, fndecd, appears, at.
length to be effectually turned, and many indica-
rions.ConcUr to shew,, that the, intlighant spirit of
reSeit t rnt. at which has burst forth in the pani•th
ninsula, is with diffieulty_tepressed in. many other
parrs .Of EUrope. Indeed we .rather fear the too..
buddeil, and jinpntkrit display, than doubt the ett..;
tent anl sincerity of this leeling. Tom ,it is very
'general; in Ftrt.ce itself, can scarcely be questioned.
uy those who consider Alio eintibeii;,ss privy
posed upon the 'people, the4exations of tin': polite,
.eud the multiplied miseries infliCted by the conscrip.
Lion. ..13ut public opinion will never subvert Ott tui
litttry despolisin. On the army alone, w tlicsh raised
potheritr:Ghim.b.eoral
u,i
jo t,the
mo'sit'hriohtete, and c
stability
of .leis tpo Sup-
port
eventually depend. :We are, thetefore,:much more
ar.xious to acquire information respaling the, terwi.i
per of tshat army., and the characters and views of
i4s principal officers, thim to ascertain the degree of
impudence with which a cruelly oppressed anion
submits to slavery. Vie should also be glad to know
exactly the degree ot estimation in which the'great
Military talents at Buunaparte (for great they unques-
tionably must be acknowledged to 60, are held by
the intelligent and unprejudiced companions of his
triumphs ; Inc the purpose ot diCovering how tar be,
is indebted to this estimation, for the great ascetid.
ancy which he has acquired.

. After a temperate, liberal, and judiclbus
gation or the French Gtneral's Wert k, the Reviewer
CIOSe3 his observations %% the followiil just, per-
tinent, and iroprc.-,siVe SentiMents on the charatter
of BUONAPARTIL anal his power,
,considered ag an
enemy of this country.

It is good to see Buonaparteexl€lly as he is ; it
is good to gather from 'a correisi teprevOrittion of
what he can do, as Well as of what he Wishes and
what he dares, freih incitement, .nor to enmity,
which is a motive Mid not a rnedt* out to Ilia: pa.
tience under difficulty, and that perseverance in ex-
ertion, without vvhish mere enmity would evaporate
in menace or complaint, and hjse the name of
atritm,' Frorb whatevor feeling, e,r with ,V4.otever
view- Buonaparie is presented. to us such as Gelierat
garrazin describechim, it. is useful to'contemplate -
the bright as well as the dark' side of his character;
his'genius as well as the passions by which it ttt
perverted ; his energy, as well as the, ends to which
it is abused. •

" The time is fortunately come w hen such a con•

strung to the enemy. , . •
" The French had been rendered, by the circum-
stacces of their revolution., a military nation and,
whilst the republic continued to exist, were daily
b4,coluin,g more so froM habit and from incl'n.ition.
Cat not, PichegrU, Moreau, and other Chiefs of the
moderato party, were, like Buonaparte, Bernadette,
Attgereau, &v. military character. and .s country
where such men possessed the principal influence,
.was not likely to subside, front its long and.vinleut
ferment, into a state of permanent tranquility and
inaction. The aggrandtzetnent of their empire, so
tlatteting to the national vanity, tended to,reconcile
the republicans to a state at war, not only when they
thought it unjust, but. even when they feared, from
its durationithe subver,ion ,of their liberties. The
warais now cansideral, not less in France, than.else.
where, as a devouring evil inflicted, on
.I.he country
for the sole gratification of an arrogant and odious
individual.. - "
The present master of the Fretiekohotigh he has
'engrossed the whole'power .of , the nation, certainly
is, not, like the nation, impiridtable ; .and this, at
West, is one important benefit derived_ to the world
from his succors. Since his elevatioo, he has re•
moved, and MOSr continue to remove or to.depress,
all the rivals whose talents have .rendered or may

WAS WOOD, of No. 35, Maiden-Janet COvpntiarden ; and Pthliihed hY, WI LLIAM A RMIC E SCRIPPS, South Melton- street, Gresveror-square,
14°Nt)A(rtill P
e-ISintri'N.4lJbYtaitt., NO?, 1120 6traud, wiltste. Advertuenrenis;.Orderi for the Paper, Letters for the Editor, &c. (post-paid); must be addressed.
