GENERAL ORDER

" NVON,. DEC. 30.

"SOLDIERS !—We this day enter upon the ene-
my's territory. The excesses committed by the
armies of the enemy.in our country arc no ex-
ample for us to follow., These robbers are no
more ; they have perished from cold., or on the
field. of battle. The heart- of a
,soldier 'knows no
revenge 5 'more especially.against defenceless in-
habitants, ‘vho have suffered so touch ,from. the
ravages of war. Measures have been -taken, to
pro ide the ttaops amply with provisions and I
command, upon pain of rigid punishment, the
observance of the same strict discipline and regu-
larity which has hitherto distinguished us, and
which the inhabitants of Switzerland have so
much praiied. It is this only which can secure
to us the advantages already obtained.
" r express to the Commanders, of regiments
of infantry -my satisfaction at the strict order
which they have preserved among the troops upon
their march. Our exertions have been great, but
the object was weighty,.and Nv e have now.accom-
plished it.
" Count VON BUBNA.'

.GENERAL ORDER.
"Zurich, January 8.

" Sor.ntiat !—You have triumphed over the
enemies ofgeneral tranquility,—you have ;Fxcit-
ed the admiration of all nations, and have kindled
their patriotism : it is by your arms that the Em-
peror of the French sees his astonishing attnieS
annihilated, and thereby loses
.all his Allies.—
Nearly the whole of the nations of Europe, who
but a short time ago, were ranged under
.his ban-
ners, to work out universal slavery, are now united
with yon, to re-establish their ancient indepen-.
Bence, and happiness. Those nations which are
still bowed down under the sceptre of Napoleon ;
yea, the French themselves, look to you for their
release from the yoke which ,oppresses them. Go on,
then, courageously, bravewarriors you have already
surmounted the greatest danger ; complete your
victory over the mad anibition of the French
,Em-
peror. Give peace to the world, and return then to
yoUr country, covered with the blessings of the peo-
ple you have delivered. You must have no other
object in your entrance on the French territory.
,OuronLy object must be to leSsen the disasters of
that country, and not to increase them. We must
convince the inhabitants that it is your zeal for
the good cause alone which leads your steps to-
•wards them. Courage and generosity have ever
been the chief requisites of the soldier. Let,
therefore, courage and generosity be your eharac-•
teristies on the road which leads you to immor-
tality. Convinced of the importance and neces-

sty at ytitt viii tititEr fotiobt i 8
serve thej tattle tvti j the titiilbst
this yutt will acquire AdditiTinal to jroirE Cilll
earned Mine. In case any tinning Itstt tlidteld;
contrary to ocliectation; fetigetting the voice of
honour; and the dole-rot fiteit• sittnitioili be gttiity
or any ekeess;,dt dirdinOkfrotetditig tOi+ditd§ tile"
itillabitatitsj they shall he; without
ednsi!pled td tondigii Its diflttirbErt
of public order; and enernies tb gentkal Weitafti
" The,Cputunnunier-in-Cfiietof the 111106-jai kusi.loti
" Count BARCLAY DE TOLLS:"

Batbit, .9. --liio.latesliicediiiits receiver
from head-quarters confirrn 'Mutt we tornitnitil;
eaten, as to the share the griglisli troops took Id
the reconnoissance of Antwerp; and the (biting id
of the enemy's. posts into that fottreSs; The-diti=
siori of General Cooke- rernained•-at Cgpelle; iti
reserve ; that of General Marken-tie kliktuced up&
or Mertens by Ekereht Tht attack on thil
strongly.entrenched.rig4geiftilLto the lot cif a bat=
talion, which now for go...fix:sr-time came into tri6
fire, and which. rivailet 'for its courage and cool,.
ness; the oldest arrdltfirtiat experienced ttbtipt-
they 'were flighlandayswhose Coloriel (M'Leod)
was severely wounded in the arm at the Stornlihg•
of the village ; he, however, never quitted the
command until he fell from loss of blond; The
English troops, as Well, as the Prussians, sup.=
ported the intense cold of the 11th inst. with pa-;
genes, and eren with gaiety.
DORDT, 10.--There is no alteraticin in the
position of the allied armies between Breda and
Antwerp since, our last. Antwerp, on the'
side ot the Scheldt, is completely invested;
and the garrison oi.this important place artiounts
to.no ptore.than 6000; the rest ot the enemy's
force has taken the road to Brussels:

-JAN. 6. ---,The entrance into Torgatt
of the Prussian troops, has been
.postponed until
the 10th, from prudential motives, owing to the
contagious fever which reigns there:
DORSTEN, JAN. 16.—Our Laudwehr has march.,
ed under Major Von Barnuth towards Holland, to
take part in the campaign against the French.
