FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS,Nov. 9.3.---We learn from the frontiers
of Saxouy, that the long cherished hope Of-seeing
the Christian .Powers of Eur Ope support the cause
of the Uuturtunate, Greeks by other means than
;iegociation, is much decreased within the.
last
few weeks.,
The .nUniber of deaths at Barcelona on the 7th
-was only LB, as stated. by Dr-Pariset ; but. it ap-
pears tbb certain that it increased. on the two
following days. Ori. the Bth it was -86 and, on
the 9th, 89... •-• ••L

FRENCH FUNDS.
Nov. 22, Five per Cents. - 89 f. 80 c.
... Deferred Stock - 99 f. 95 c.
Bank Stock 1600 f. c.

Nov; --I.—The Grand Duke 'Nicolas left
Vilna on the 10th to return tp.Peter'sburgh.
The..nUmber of ships fitted out, in the last five
monthg for the cod fishery, in -the ports. of St.
Maio and St. Servan alone, amounts to7O, carry-
ing 0,156, tons and '2,760 men. ,These expedi-
tions have more than doubled since the Restora-
tion, Owing to the premiums 'given by Govern-
Meat for•the encouragement of this fishery. The
inerthanti of St. Mato have recently .requested
leave to build a wet dock for this branch of
commerce.

liVe learn from Berlin that reports of peace,
at least for the season, gain, strength daily ; but
that in case of war between Russia and the
Porte, the Court of Berlin has. engaged. to fur-
nish an auxiliary corps of 30,009 men, or an
equivalent in money.

FRENCH FENDS. '
Nov. 23, Five per Cents. • 89 1. 85 c.
Deferred Stock 99 f. '95 c.

Nov. 25.—Lieut. Colonel Mazean, implicated
in the conspiracy of August, 1820, Was found
.guilty yesterday, in the Court of Peers, of hav-
ing rumle a proposition to change or -destroy the
Goverhment and the order of succession to -the
throne., and to excite the citizens to take up
arms against the Royal authority, ;and was im-
mediately sentenced to five years', impilsotiment,
and to pay the costs of the prosecution..
The Committee of the Chamber. of Deputies
appointed to draw up an address to the King
met yesterday, and broke up at six o'clock. On
Monday their address was to be reported.
A letter from Perpignan of the 17th states,
that M. Pariset writes on the.l4th, that the dis-
order was sensibly diminishing.
A letter froGIIM. Bally dated the 15th, states
the number of deaths at only fifty a day: M.
Jouary, one of the French Medical Commission,
has been attacked with the disorder, but is re-
covering.

FRENCH FUNDS.
Nov. 24, Five per Cents.
Deferred Stock
Bank Stock 1595 f. c.

MAYENCE, Nov. 18.—In every country or;
Europe, and among all parties, public opinion
has declared in favour of the just war carried on
by the Greeks with the courage of despair. In
vain has it been attempted to class their insur-
rection with other revolutions of modern times ;
in vain has it been attributed to. the spirit of 'fac-
tion,Which does not at all•apply to them; for it can-.
not he denied that the Greeks were in the most
abject state of slavery, produced by the inso-
.'encebf their masters, and the difference of their
religions.
We cannot approve of this their condition
withon.tsanctioning, at the same time, the abuses
of the right of conquest, and say to Europe, that
we must permit barbarians to do what civilized
nations are prohibited from .doing ; and the
truth of this observation must be admitted, since
it cannot be denied that the spirit of party is
manifested more or less in favour of the Greeks.
The number of those who have condemned
their cause, not because they had any reason for
blaming it, but because it did not accord with
their system, has always been very inconsiderable :
they have contented themselves with refusing
their foreign assistance, and announcing their ap-
proaching ruin. They no longer call the Greeks
rebels,. but madmen rustling on to their- fate ;
they seem to pity them in order to escape the ob-
ligation of saving them. There is no war against
. the Turks, say they on all. sides ; the Greeks
are-ruined by. their own fault ; we wash our
bands of the affair.

In spite of this pacific perspective, this peace,
whiCh' Will cost the shedding of more human
blood than the "Most cruel war, the supporters
of the Grecian cause are not disheartened ; and
if all thos'e Who Wish- for war against the bar.
barians—who„ to the 'shame of Europe, have
established 'themselves: in its most beautiful
provinces," could 'raise their voice, they would
be heard„ at the. extremities of the earth.—
The predicted ruin of this nation makes all
Europe tremble' with indignation, of whiCh there
is no example in history.; it remains for the
austere- Chio :to - decide:'whether such an event
will redound- to the honour of our boasted civi-
li%ation and our policy : we wash our hands
of it.

CONSTANTINOPLE, OCT. 5.--Great uneasiness
prevails in our town:- A finnan lias appeared,
ordering the troops not to return to their quar-
ters, to bivouaque until further orders, to be con-
stantly , under. arms, and to keep their horses
ready saddled. •
AUGS.IIIUIIG:,.NOV*. 19:.---AVe have strong reasons
for thinking that, in spite of .the new firman of
the Grand Signior, the Boyars will not return to
their country until the Ottoman forces are with-
drawn from Moldavia and Walachia, which is
not likely to take place soon, if we are. to•judge
from the .numerous bodies of Turkish troops
lately asseinbled in those' principalities.
Prince. Suizo, . Ex-Hospodar of Moldavia, is
now at Odessis;• where he .is treated with great
respect by the. Russian Authorities.
FItriNEFORT., NOT.' 18.—Letters from Italy'
vary still. in their details of the Naval actions
between the Greek.s and Turks ;- some announc-
ing that the former have been successful,,.and
have captured a' great, many Turkish ships, while
others state that the-' latter have obtained some
artvantagesy with-die loss, however, of some ships
of war, whickhayebeen
,burnt. The two public
Journals of Italy mention the naval actions, but

do not relate the result. Lastly, a letter from
Corfu, received by a mercantile house at Venice,
affirms that a division of the Ottoman fleet has
been completely beaten, but that the other Otto-
man squadrons have not suffered any loss, and
have repulsed all the attacks made on them.
This explains also why the Turks have suffered
in one case a great loss, and that nevertheless a
part of their fleet remains untouched. The prin-
cipal naval• battle took place between Zante and
the western coasts of the Morea. It is probable
this action will be followed by another, which
will decide the empire of the Archipelago during
the next winter.

It is reported that Jussuf Paella has been
driven back under the very walls of Patras. In
Livadia, success balances equally, but in,Thes-
saly affairs are rather in favour of the Greeks.
P.S. We have this instant heard that several
Barbary ships have arrived in the waters of the
Morea, to reinforce the Turkish fleet, and. that
more ships are expected from Constantinople.
The Russian Imperial Guards have left. the
Dwina, and taken up their quarters in 'Lithuania;
their head-quarters have been removed-from Wi-
tepsk to Minsk. The army of the West, under
Gen. Sacken, have made amovement towards the
South along the Boristhenes; its head-quarters are
transferred to Kiow. The army under Gen. Yer-
maloff, which has for the last nine months
been in the Ukraine, has. taken up its cantonments
in the provinces adjoining- Bessarabia. The
army of the South, under Count Wittgensten,
concentrated in Bessarabia, observing the 'Ot-
toman forces in Moldavia. In these differ-
ent positions the Russian armies wait for
fresh orders. A corps of reserve has latterly
taken up its quarters in the three maritime pro-
vinces of the empire bordering -on the Baltic. The
Russian troops on the war footing are estimated
at 300,000 men, ready to march at an instant's
notice, with a numerous artillery, besides from
12 to 15,000 Cossacks.

FALL OF

MINISTERIAL EXTRAORDINARY GAZETTE OF

CHILI.
SANTI.IGO AUG, 14.
" LONG LIVE OUR COUNTRY!
" LONG LIVE THE CHILIAN NATION!
" THE FREEDOM OF PERU!

THE SUPREME DIRECTOR OF THE REPUBLIC TO

THE NATION.

" FELLOW Crriz eNs,—What days for Chili
are the 13th and 14th of August, 1821 What.
days for the freemen of Peru, who have just re-
covered by the sacrifices of this heroic nation the
august rights which the proud hand of arbitraiy
power had usurped over nature! The heart robs
expressions of their power, and we must content
ourselves with saying along with a wise man, that
words are useless when actions and eyes speak.
This moment (which appears to me the only one
in my existence) is not so valuable to me for the
glory which has sealed the triumphs with which
Providence has rendered fortunate the epoch in
which you have entrusted to me the arduous duty
of presiding over the destinies of my country, as
for the satisfaction of the wishes of the nation,
and the recompence of its high sacrifices. If this
were the last day of my life, I should die with
more pride than in the midst of the ranks of war.
Fellow-citizens, that philosopher was not in the
right who chided. the Athenians for having
robbed agriculture and industry of 80 days em-
ployed in civic feasts. The liberation of, Peru
opens all the roads to opulence and to a super-
abundant remuneration for the privations of ten
years of a glorious struggle, in which the alter-
native of triumphs and reverses has ended by
placing Victory in the ancient palace of the
Viceroys of Litna. From this time we have re-
covered the standards which the enemy snatched
from us in the fatal day of Rancagua, in that
theatre of so much blood and so much glory, that
there might not remain to the tyrants this relict
of their withered laurels. They tlee with a mi-
serable remnant of men forced into their service,
passing the almost inaccessible ridges of Peru,
filled with shame and despair ; while the victims
of their ancient oppression breathe the sweet
and fresh air of independence, beyond the con-
fines of the Republic of Columbia. Our victo-
rious arms pursue the fugitives, who, if they could
not support themselves in the centre of their
power and inexhaustible resources, will with dif-
ficulty escape from the activity with which they
are pursued in the midst of the obstacles which
oppose their adventurous march.—Our forces
prevail by land and by sea, and a moment only
is wanting to seal the peace of the South, after
the success which has crowned the generous en-
deavours of Chili. The official documents which
I do myself the honour of presenting to you unite
my voice with those acclamations with which we
testify our common sentiment, and the immortal
glories of our country.
66 DESPATCH OF THE GENERAL IN CHIEF OF THE

LIBERATING ARMY OF PERU, TO THE MOST EX
CELLENT SUPREME DIRECTOR OF THE REPUBLIC.'

cc MOiT EXCELLENT Sin,---On the lOth inst.
•. •
the army under my command took possession of
this capital. Its inhabitants, in proportion to the
oppression which they have suffered, testified in
an unequivocal manner the class of freemen to,
which they belonged. The public papers which
I have the honour to enclose will afford your E
celiency a more extended account of the events
which have taken place.—The enemy continues
his flight through the mountains pursued by our
cavalry and various parties which hang upon him.
Desertion from his ranks has been immense, in
spite of the precautions which have been taken
to avoid it.—The army under my command pro-
ceeds in conformity with the confidence which
your Excellency has placed in it ; and the sacri-
fices of Chili have not been useless to the liberty
which it has conferred•on its brothers in Peru.—
The Castle of Callao, in which there was left a
garrison of SOO men, is closely blockaded by
land and by sea. I expect in a few days its sur-
render.

" Gon keep your Excellency for many years.
" Head-quartets in Lima, July 19, 1821.
" JOSE DE SAN MARTIN.
" To his Excellency the Captain-General, D. Bernardo
, O'Higgins, Supreme Director of the State of Chili."-
' By a private letter from Lima, , dated the 16th
of July, we learn that the evacuation of the city

by La Serna took place etv-the 4th. The 'Vice-
my was accompanied by the Whole of the Royal-
ist troops, consisting' of abotit -5,900 men. Of
this number '2,000 took the route along the coast
to the southward, under. the. command of. La
Serna, and the remaining 3,000 marched towards
the Sierra, under the command of Canterac.—
The solemn declaration of independence by the
authorities of Lima was made on the 15th, and
no interruption to the public tranquillity had
occurred. Callao, it appears, had not surren-
dered to the Chilian forces on the 20th of July.

The following PROCLAMATiONS appear in the
Official Gazette of Chili, containing the account
or the entry into Lima. They have no date,
but were issued apparently before that event,
and may be of use in elucidating the present state
of the contest :

" TO TILE INHABITANTS OF LIMA.

" FELLOW CouNTaymrs,--We have reached
ne object of our wishes. The enemy has shame-
fully fled from the brave men whom 1 command,
and who gave at Chacabuco and Maypo eternal
lesSons of the value of patriotism. We must,
however, pursue those .cowards, who, in their'
flight, commit pillage and every sort of violence.
A. great proportion of you have had the genero-
sity to offer yourselves to me for employment in
the liberating army. lam penetrated with your
sentiments, and am going•to-give you proofs of
my sincere regard, by agreeing to your wishes:
You may already,hasten to.enlist yourselves. un"-
der: the standards of your country.. A body of
citizens will compose a garrison of honour in the
capital. But those who aspire to glory, those
who truly love their country,- will fly-to take an
active part in the war, calculating with safety
that when we exterminate_ the oppressor, you
shall return to reap the reward of your fatigues.
" SAN MARTIN."

" PROCLAMATION.
OF GENERAL SAN MARTIN TO THE INHABITANTS

OF THE FREE DEPARTMENTS.

" FELLOW COUNTRYMEN AND FRIENDS.-I

have experienced for the last time how far the
obstinacy of the Spaniards extends, and how far
they carry their cruel endeavour to deprive us
even of the exercise of our natural generosity,
by provoking our just resentment. In Maraflores
and Panchauca, peace was the great object which.
I recommended to my deputies, with such ar-
rangements as would protect the independence
of the people from its ancient aggressions. In
both circumstances, made proposals which con-
ciliated all interests, and which would have put
an end not only to the calamities of war, but to
the mad incitements of reciprocal passions. In
Panchauca it was shewn to me that Peru was
going to enter on its own destiny, and that
the forces of both would serve no other pur-
pose than to preserve it in that destiny. But
the despair of ambition has excited the fury of
some Chiefs ; and for the hopes, of peace has
substituted the certainty of a. war, the more
just as it is every day the more necessary.—
In vain have L endeavoured to, spare the blood
of both armies—the anguish of the mothers, wives,
and families of those who fight on either side,
and the sufferings of so many innocent victims
who must share in the ravages of discord.. A.ll,
all,has been fruitless, as will be more particularly
pointed out to you.—There consequently re-
mained no other resource but to appeal to Ameri-
can courage, and to decide by force what could
not be settled by reason.

" People of Peru !—Forty days more of sacri-
fices and constancy will be sufficient to terminate
a campaign in which our arms have signally ob-
tained the protection of the Almighty. Reflect
that all must be lost or acquired within that de-
cisive period, and in this conviction take the
course dictated by a love of your own existence
to your families, your friends., your country, and
your honour. Those among you who may make
the greatest sacrifices for liberty will be the most
worthy of it, and will acquire additional rights to
universal gratitude. The enemy trembles for his
fate. Ile sees that in the south the liberating army
has only enemies to conquer or friends to embrace.
Ile observes that his army is divided, and without
discipline, exasperated, and without resources,
and placed in the alternative of perishing with
hunger, or of dying without glory. The troops
which have come to protect you are, on the con-
trary, eager for battle, fortified by your opinion,
and resolved to seal your destiny with victory or
death.

" Peruvians, do what your country expects at
your hands, and I will answer for the conduct of
those brave men at whose head I advance to
court dangers, and to live in them till indepen-
dence crowns your efforts, and secures to me the
recompence of being able in peade to contem-
plate your prosperity.
" SAN MARTIN."

PERNAMBLICO.
The following are Extracts of Letters received
Testerday from this place
PEasAmanco, OCT. 3.—Bodies of insur:
gents occupy the ruads, and carry on a petty
warfare against the Portuguese. On the Ist, 300
of them attacked A trugades once more, and, as
might be expected, the moment the regulars
closed with them, they ran away, and have suf-
fered much. We cannot say whether the General
means to use the new troops, or wait for those
from Lisbon ; but, in either case, an end must
be speedily put to these disorders, as the spirit
of the country is against them."
" OCT. 4.—The Don Pedro Portuguese frigate
arrived here from Bahia on the 30th ult. with
350 troops. The insurgents from Goyana have
made four different . attempts to enter this city,
but have always been defeated with great loss in
killed, wounded, and, prisoners ; and with the
recent arrival from Bahia, we expect in a few
days to rid the neighbourhood of these marau-
ders, and business that has of late been at a
stand will soon revive."

Government having itin contemplation to bring
to this country Cleopatra's Needle, the Chatham
Sheer Hulk is undergoing examination ; and, if
considered suitable, she will be ordered to the
Mediterranean for that express purpose.—(Ken-.
tish Gazette.)

Fttom THE LONDON-GA.ZETTE, N0v.27.

MILITARY PROAIOTIONS.

Nov. S 6, 18,t1.
20th Regiment of Foot—Colonel James Maitland, from half-
-1%47 103 d Foot, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, without purchase;
Licut. James Goldfrap to he Captain, without purchase.
TO be Lieutenants, without purchase—Ensign 'Thos. Moore;
Etfsign David William Archibald Douglas ; Lieut. James
Patience, from half-pay of the Royal York Rangers ; Lieut..
Cornelius O'Connor, from half-pay of the 100th Foot; Lieut.
William Watson, from half-pay 94th Foot ; Lieut Alexander
Maclean, from half-pay 72d Foot ' • Lieut. Thos.. Hinton Hem-
mans, from half-pay 14th Foot; Lieut. John Maclean, from
half-pity 43d Foot ; Lieut. William Kidman, front half-pay Bth
Foot ; Forbes Robinson, from half-pay 19th Foot ;
Lieut. Hon. George Thomas Keppel, from the 24th Foot ;
Ensign Hugh 3lonro St. Vincent Rose, from the 55th Foot.
To be Ensigns, 'without purchase—Francis Pitts, Gent. vice
Moore; Samuel . Robbins, Gent. vice Douglas.
To be Assistant-Surgeon—Assistant-Surgeon Michell Devitt,
M.D. from half-pay 2d Royal Veteran Battalion.
33d Ditto—Brevet Major Charles Knight to be Major, with-
out purchase, vice Grant, promoted in the 54th Foot.
38th Ditto—Brevet Lieut.-Colonel . Samuel Hall, from the
89th. Foot, to be Lieut.-Colonel, without purchase.
To be Lieutenants, Without purchase—Ensign Robert Mat
thew ; Ensign Alexander Campbell ; Ensign Thomas Kerr ;
Lieut. Asdwell Taylor, from half-pay 25th Light Dragoons;
Lieut. George Brown O'Brien, front half-pay 4th West India
Regiment; Licut. Alexander Campbell, from half-pay 91st
Foot; Lieut. John Liston,—from half-pay 47th Foot; Lieut.
James Buchanan, from the 39th Foot; Lieut. Thomas Arm-
strong, from half-pay 2d Foot.
To be Ensigns, without purchase—John Campbell, Gent.
vice Matthew ; Frederick Tudor, Gent. vice Campbell ; Henry
Charlei Fraser, Gent. vice Kerr.
To be Assistant-Surgeon—Assistant-Surgeon John Jobson,
31. D. from half-pay 9th Royal Veteran Battalion.
-54th -Ditto—Brevet Lieut.-Col. Colouhoun Grant, from the
33d Foot, to be Lient.-ColOnel, without purchase.
To be Lieutenants, without purchase—Ensign. Thos. Fraser:,
Ensign Charles Hal Ensign John Clark ; Lieut. James Law-
less, from half-pay 60th Foot; Lieut. George Foskey, from
half-pay sth West. India Regiment ; Lieut. George Meners,
front half-pay 2d Foot ; Lieutenant Thomas Livingstone
Mitchell, front half-pay Rifle Brigade; Lieut. John Griffiths
Beavan, front the 65th Foot ; Lick. FrederickThornbury, from
half-pay Rifie,Brigade ; Lieutenant John Norman, from half-
pay tilst Foot.
To be Ensigns, without purchase—Godfrey-Charles Mundy,
Gent. rice Fraser; Fenton, Gent. vice Hill ; Frederick
Considine, Gent. vice Clarke..
To be Assistant-Surgeon-Assistant-Surgeon A rchd. Shanks,
M.D. from half-pay 56th'Foot.
89th Dittoßrevet Major James L. Basden to be Major,
without purchase, vice Hall, promoted in the 3tith.Foot.
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of

Southampton.

Sir Thomas Baring, Bart. to be Deputy Lieutenant.
North Hints Militia—Peter Hawker Esq. to be Lieutenant-
Colonel, vice Oglander, resigned ; Sir :James Whalley Smythe
Gardiner, Itart. to be Major, vice Hawker, promoted; Charles
Popham Hill, Gent. to be Ensign.
South Hants Militia—John Missing, Gent. to be Lieutenant.
Commission in the Royal Cheshire Militia, signed by the Lord
. .

Lteutenant of the County of L'hi;ster.
Edward Du Prj Townshend, lent. to be Ensign, vice Mott
ram, displaced..

BANKRUPTS.
P. Morton, Salford, Manchester, merchant, to surrender,
Dec. 17, 18, and Jan. 8, at ten, at the Star Inn, Manchester.
Solicitors, Mr. J. Iligson, Manchester "; and Mr. It. Ellis,
Chancery-lane.
C. and W. W. Staff, Norwich, bombasine-manufacturers,
Dec, It), 11, and Jan. 8, at four, at the Norfolk 1!otel, Nor-
wich. Solicitors, Mr. J. Goodwin, Norwich; and Mr. F. Ab-
bott, Roll's-yard, Chancery-lane.
G. Kirkham, Lancaster, merchant, Dec.l3, at three, 14, and
Jan. 0, at eleven, at the King's Arms Inn, Lancaster. Solici-
tors, Niessrs. Chippindall and Co., Great Queen-street, Lin-
coln's Inn Fields ; and Mr. Robinson, Lancaster.
It. Parker, Whitchurch, Salop, stationer, Dec. 11, at four,
at the Office of Messrs. Brookes and Lee, Whitchurch, 12, and
J an. 8, .at eleven, at the White Lion -Inn, Whitchurch.
citors, Messrs. Stocker, Dawson, and Herringham, New Bus-
well-court, Carey-street ;, and Messrs. Brookes and Lee, Whit-
church, Salop.
It. Jackson, Cannon-street, Merchant, Dec. 4, 15, and Jan.
8, at eleven, at Guildhall. Solicitor, Mr. Bort adalle, jun.
Cateaton-street.
.1. Ritchie, F. Richafdson,' and J. Ritchie, Watling-street,
warebdusemen, Dec. 1, 15, and Jan. 8, at one, at Guildhall.
Solicitors, Messrs. Smith and White, Hatton-court, Thread-
needle-street.
' •
.J. Nicolson, Cummersdale, Cuniberland, iron-founder, Dec.
6,7, and Jan. 8, at eleven, at the .Lion and Lamb, Carlisle..
Solicitor's, Mr. Clennell, Staples-Inn; and Messrs. S. and G.
Saul, Carlisle.
R. Eastwood, Leeds, Yorkshire, draper, Dec. 10, 11, and
Jan. 8, at two, at the Bridgewater Arms Inn, Manchester.
Solicitors, Mr. F. R. Atkinson, Ridgefield, Manchester; and

Mr. Makinson, Temple.
M. K. Denzilve, Bridport, Dorsetshire, bookseller, Dec.
11, 12, and Jan. 8, at eleven, at the Greyhound Inn, Bridport.
Solicitors, Mr. Murly, Bridport ; and Sir. Hopkinson, Lin-
coln's Inn.
'l'. Bayliss, Curdworth, Warwickshire, dealer, Dec. 7,8, and
Jan. 8, at twelve, at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Solici-
tors, Messrs. Clarke, Richards, and Metcalf, Chancery-lane,
London ; and Mr. Wills, Birmingham. '
C. Cooper, Upper North-place, Gray's Inn-road, Middlesex,
grocer, Dcc. 8, 15, and Jan. 8, at ten, at Guildhall. Solicitors,
Messrs. Amory and Coles, Throgrnorton-street.
J. Fowler, Mark-lane, London,. tea-dealer, Dec. 4, 15, and
Jan.l`3, at eleven, at Guildhall. Solicitors, Mr. Hodgson, John-
street, Adelphi.
11. Levi, Nelson-square, Blackfriar's-road, Surrey, mer-
chant, Dec. 4,5, at twelve, and Jan. 8, at one, at Guildhall.—
' Solicitors, Messrs. Green and Thorley, Angel-court, Throg-
morton-street.
B. Boultbee and J. W. Cole, Peterborough, bankers, Dec.
19, at-six, 28, at ten, and Jan. 8, at eleven, at the Angel Inn,
Peterborough. Solicitor, Mr. Anderton, Quality-court.
