LITERARY REVIEW.

A NARRATIVE of a JOURNEY of Five Thousand Miles
through the tAsTERN and WESTERN STATES of
AM ERICA, contained in EIGHT REPORTS, addressed
to the Thlrty-nine English Families by whom the Author
was deputed, in June 1817, to ascertain whether any,
' sod what Part of the United States would be suitable for
their Residence. With Remarks on Mr. liirkbeck's
" Notes" and " Letters."—By HENRY littAnstrAve Fen-

RO N .

This Narrative of a Journey through the
Eastern and kVestern States of the American
Union, performed under very peculiar atl►vantages
for observation, is well entitled to the attention
'which it appears to have obtained front the
Public. It is calculated to undeceive many per-
sons ulttilhave formed too favourable an opinion
of that land of freedom, and to correct the flat-
tering and alluring representations gi►•en of it by
those speculators, who, either to justify their
Own temerity, or to obtain companions in their
Voluntary exile, have described their new condi-
tion as one of enviable happiness. almost without

alloy. The Expedition of Mr. FRAHON SCCIIIs to
have terminated, like the wanderings tit Hasselas,
In a return to the country of his birth, under a
conviction that the ge►o.l and evil, incident to hu-
man nature, vary little in their proportions in
different states of society ; and that the one may
he endured and the other enjoyed on the most ad-
vantageous terms at home. This conviction he
does not specifically avow, but it tm►ay be inferred
from the general opinions and 6entiments which he
has thought proper to disclose.
nom the principles which he assert in the out.
Set of his narrative, and to which lie consistently
*dimes, it is plain that he was thoroughly pre-

possessed in favour of America, and that bit ardent
Jove of freedom had prepared him to journey
" from Dan to Beersheba," and to find no bar=
irenness. In relating the story oc these journey-
ings he retains all his admiration for the GOcern-
ment of the United States ; but his rcgard for
the People has sustained considerable diminution.
The vessel of the State is well built, admirably

appointed, and abundantly provisioned ; but he
cannot wholly reconcile himself to the company
on board, and he hesitates to pursue the ti tore
" voyage of his life "in such society. He de-
serves applause for the honest manitestatii►n of this
feeling, as well as for his candour in declining to
influence the decision of his Readers, otherwise
than by an exposition of the facts anti observa-
tions which presented themselves during his
tour.

The following is his account of a territory
which has of late been made the subject of much
speculation :

" INHABITANTS OF ILLINOIS,

" The inhabitants of Illinois perhaps, he
ranked as follovts :-*First, the ladian hunters,
who ore neither different in character or pursuits
horn their ancestors in the clays of Columbus.
fIA, The " Squatters," %vho arc half-civilized
and half-savage. These are, in characti.r and
habits, extremely wretched : indeed, I prefer the
genuine uncontaminated Indhin. 3rd, A medley
of land jobbers, lawyers, doctors, and farmers,
who traverse this immense continent, founding
settlements, and engaging in all kinds of specu-
lation. 4th, Some old French settles, posses-
sed of considerable property, and living in ease
and comfort.

" Concerning the state of society, my expe-
rience does 110 t allow me to say much, or to speak
.vita► confidence. Generally, I suspect that, the
powers of the Legislature are, as yet, weak it►
their operation. Small provocations insure the
must relentless and violent resentments. Duels
are frequent. The dirk is an inseparable co►n'
panion of all classes; and the laws are robbed of
their terror, by not being firmly and equally ad-
ministered. A general character of independence,
both as to the means of living and habits of so-
ciety, appears universal. tlete, no man is either
thought or called " master ;" neither, on the
other hand, is there found any coarse vulgarity.
A cold, selfish indifference is the common cha-
racteristic of the labourer and the judge ; and I
should hope that Illinois-state constitution will
'not, when formed, authorize and legalize slavery ;
yet the Ohio practice will, I have 110 doubt, con-
tinue as it now is in Illinois,—indenturing ne-
groes for a term of front ten to fifteen
years. This baleful practice promises a per-
petuation of practical slavery throughout

America.
" Of the climate I know but little from per-
sonal experience. The mornings and evenings, at
this time, are extremely cold. In July and Au-
glist Fahrenheit ranges from 85 to 105. In the
winter (which is not long), front 10 below to 20
above zero. The wildness of the country implies
an (idol med climate. The disturbance of a great
body of surplus vegetable matter, upon the first
settling of land, together with the dampness aris-
ing from stagnant waters, frequently produce
bilious levers and agues.
" My mind continues undecided concerning
our removal. When in England I had hoped, in
common with yourselves, that the old settled
States of America, which must be so much .better
suited to our habits and pursuits than an uncul-
tivated wilderness, would have afforded sufficient
inducement to emigration, particularly as our ob-
jects are the continuance in well-established
habits of industry, and not rapid fortune-making.
With the means of founing a judgment on this
subject, I have endeavoured, as far as lies in
Illy power, to supply you in the course of my pre-
ceding reports,
" Mum,ld your minds be favourable to a western
country settlement, 1 should wish to press upon
your deliberate re-consideration the following

ideas :
" First,—ls it essential to your prosperity and
happiness that you should leave England ?
" Second,—Do the habits and character. of
the American people afford you rational grounds
for desiring to become their fellow-citizens ?
" Third,—Have all of you the dispositions
requisite in order to become cultivators of a
wilderness ?
Fufirth,—Assuming that you have those dis-
poth ions, are you fitted for such an entire change
of pursuits, and can you endure the difficulties

and dangers necessarily attendant on such a
situation ?

" If, after cool, deliberate, and rational consi-
deration, with your minds as tree from enthusi-
astic expectations connected with this Continent,
as they well can be tinder the existence of the
present order of things in England, yon can an-
swer in the affirmative, then I have little doubt
of the propriety of recommending to your atten-
tion the Illinois territory."

LONDON JOURNALS.

rFROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.)

[Morning Chronicle.]
On Saturday some letters were received in town
from Buenos Ayres, by the Elizabeth, arrived off
Plymouth, and yesterday the arrival of the Du-
chvss of York and the Editha put us in possession
of a more voluminous correspondence. Nothing
new had occurred in the political or military af-
fairs of the River Plate. General San Martin
and family had arrived at Mendoza, and he would
immediately proceed to Santiago, to resume the
command of the army, notwithstanding the passes
of the Andes Mountains were closed by t!,e sea-
son. His family would remain at Mendoza till
the approaching campaign was terminated. No-
thing had been heard of the Spaniards posted at
Talcaguano. A brig of war, mounting 24 c,trro-
trades, bad been purchased at Buenos Ayres by the
Chili Government, and sailed for Valparaiso.—
Don Miguel ZAnartn, lite Minister of State in
Chili, had arrived at Buenos Ayres in quality of
Plenipotentiary, and was must enthu,iastically
received. Among the papers taken from the Spa-
niards, after the battle of Mlipo, was an official
copy of st ructions given by orders of the Vice-
roy of Lim.l to the Commander of the Esmeralda
frigate, which Vessel, it will be remembered,
convoyed the late expedition from El Callao against
Chili, tinder the command of General Ossorio. It
contains thirteen articles, of which the eighth de-
serves most notice, as it conveys a true idea of
Spanish policy towards 113 in the Western World,
as well as other nations. Subjoined is a transia-
tion

Article Wt. Should the Ring's forces obtain possession of
any of the enemies ports, the Commanders are to capture
every vessel they may find therein ; taknig care to seize her
papers, and to draw tip a summary report of the day she en-
tered, the cargo she brought, who are her owners, and the
port she came from, in order that the same may be trans-
witted to El Callao, together with all other information, and
with the concurrence of the Commandant-General of the Ex-
pedition, in case lie should hate any other arrangements to
make; taking Care, however, in case there should he any
vessels of war among them, that it will he prudent to let
them go out, as well because they would nut have been in-
formed of the blockade established by this Superior Govern-
ment on the ports and coasts of Chili, as because it will not
be advisable to enter into any disagreeable misunderstanding,
by no means suitable to our present situation and system,
as expressed by the Supreme Government in its Resolutions,
and owing to the weakness of our forces; and for these
same reasons i also consider it prudent to inform you, that
in case any British vessels should he cruizing in sight, or
near the ports, it will he proper not to send vessels of this
1 nation down to El Callao, but above all, the sefatiments
of the General of the army are to be consulted and his
de-
cision followed.

[Morning Herald.]
THE QUEEN.

" hew, Eight o'Clock, Nov. 2.

" Last night, the Quveri suffered much trom
her accompanied by difficulty of respira-
tion, with considerable fever and restlessness;
and notwithstanding repeated applications of
the warm bath, the symptoms did. not relax, hut
in a very trifling degree, till towards this morn-
ing:
In consequence of these unfavourable appear-
ances, the Prince Regent remained with the
Princesses till halt-past twelve o'clock, when
he physicians having reported some little amelio-
ration in the sufferings of her Majesty, his Royal
Highne,s took an affectionate leave of his illus.
tiions b it iffiicred sisters, and set out on his re-
turn to Carlton [loose. Shortly After the depar-
ture of his Royal Highness, the Princesses re-
tired ; but the Physicians were both in close at-
tendance the whole of he night:'

[Morning Post]
Private accounts reachtd town yesterday from
India, that the Pvishwa had at length surrendered
himself to Sir John Malcolm. We have every
reason to believe this statement to he correct,
and that the speedy official confirmation of it will
a fr,,rd us the happiness of congratulating our
Readers on the consequent termination of the
war in

THEATRICAL REGISTER.
Performed Last Night.
THEATRE ROYAL, DRU RY- LANE.•-•,-King Richard the Third :
Duke of Gloster, Mr. Kean; Lady Anne, Miss Boyce. After
which, The Poor Soldier.
THEATRE ROYAL, GWENT-GA RDEN.—The Point of Honour .
Chevalier de St. Franc, Mr. Young ; Bertha, Miss O'Neill.
After which, The Spoiled Child. To which was added,
Blue Beard.

Artitivrit-1 Dublin, Waterford, 1 Guernsey and Jersey,
1 Holland, 1 France. Due-1 Sweden, 1 Hionburgh.l

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVC O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 273.1 Bank L. Ann..... 20 1-16th I
3 per Cent. Red... 761 77 7tifil Imperial 3 per Cent. A lin. 75i
3 per Cent. C0n5......77/M India Bonds.. ..87s. 88s. pr.
3i per Cent......... Exch. Bills, 2d... 19s. 20s. pr.
4 per Cents. 9:11/1f I Cons. for Account ....
5 per Cent. N. Ann. 107/ 108 I
10711
HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TOMORROW.
Morning, 4 minutes after 7. I Evening, 29 minutes after 7.
