SPECIFIC AGAINST CHOLERA.

(From 'a Correspondent of the United Service Journal: )•
At a time when the nation is partialty affected with so
deplorable a calamity as the cholera, whose ravages may
sue day be attended with frightful consequences in cur
barracks and fleets, it may be fairly assumed, that the
pages of your journal will not be closed against a few brief
ob-ervationa on the cure of a disease in which all the skill
and science of the medical profession has hitherto so
lamentably failed.
It has been my good fortune, Sir, in many cases of re-
laxa'ion of the bowels, attended with slight spasms, to
have found a speedy and efficacious relief from a very
simple remedy, which I have since understood scaro•.ly
ever fails in cases of relaxation of the bowels, or scouring,
among animals, where too much acidity in the atom .eh
seems to be the source a the disease, which some have
supposed to be the prima'ry cause of cholera; and which
I have not the slightest doul•t was the original source of
my own sufferings. However this may be, judging from
my own experience, and influenced by the above analogy,
I had determined last year, when the cholera prevailed, to
have r course to the same remedy in much stronger doses,
or larger quantities, if the disease should attach me with
the premonitory symptoms of a laxity of the bowels to
any extent. It pleased Providence, that no necessity in
my case arrived; but my attention has been attain called
to the possible remedy, by the reappearance of the disease
•in other places, and a striking case of cure in a young
animal on my farm, on whom all the usual remedies had
been ineffectually applied to check a violent scouring of
the bowels, but which, on the very first :Ipplication, seemed
to expel ience a degree of exhilaration such as the strongest
cordials rarely produce; and in twenty-four hours was
cured, without relapse.

The simple rem alluded to ig made by pouring al,out
three quaris of water on a pound of quicklime, and letting
it stand till cool ; then pouring off the lime water, and
giving about a pint in a drink, which is to tui repeated, if
necessary, three times a day.
This is the remedy Mo tfficacioui for calves, and per-
haps taken to the amount of a large tumbler alt would
answer fir an adult of our own species, rep ated. At
b.ast tha is the quantity I have always taken once in very
slight cases. but properly with a view to soften the caus-
ticity, mixed with a little milk, though perhaps, when
the di.ease is violent, it should be t iken unmixed.

I am perUctly aware that this recommendaion will
appear to some of your readers a sulj .c for ridieule,
coming from an individual unconnected, as I avow myself,
with the medical profession; but to me it has always ap-
peared, that when skid and science have exhausted ad
their resources, in useless attempts to arcomphab a cure,
relief is not altogether to be desp mired of, when we so
well know bow much human nature is inde.,ted for its
curative blessings to chance and comparative ignorance.
P.S. Lime-water will keep for some time in a glass
bottle well corked; but is perhaps best when newly made
from fresh unslaked lime. • -

ERRATA.—In the paragraph yesterday- re-
lating to the market for gold in Parla, for average read
exchange. The quotation of the H imiturgh - exchange
also was put in shill.ngs and pence instead of mares bane°.
On Monday evening the Company's steamer
Soho was hired by the Portuguese Government ro convey
the young Queen of PORTUGAL to Lisbon, and between II
and 12 yestet day morning she left her moorings at Black-
wall for Havre, where the youthful Sovereign is now
waiting her arrival. She was cheered repeatedly at the
passage ~wn the river.
of the Hon. PERCY CHARLES
a r
WYNDHAM, the sinecure places of Clerk of Courts, Secre-
tary, and Prothonotary of the Common Pleas in Barhaeloes,
docks
By and
the yards
death ori her cl
have become vacant. The late possessor always resided
in this country.
Penny theatres have become extremely com-
mon on thg outskirts of the metropolis. In some, how-
ever, the quality in the boxes pay two•pence
' The Vauxhall Jubilee has taken so well, that
it is expected the proliiietOrli will liiiltlstc tetlariary festival
every ytar for the future,

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 5, 1833.

At the Levee yesterday, which was the last o
the season, his MAJESTY invested Sir C. M.
SUTTON, the Speaker of the House of Com-
mons, with the ()icier of the Grand Cross of the
Bath. We know of few public men more wor-
thy of this honour, than the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman thus distinguished. As the Speaker of
our first Reformed Parliament, he has. shown
wondeiful , address, temper, And Management;
so much so indeed as 4o have, conciliated all
parties. If his political opinions do'nbt alto
gether accord with those of the age, still he has
had the rare discretion to keep them under strict
discipline, and never to allow them to interfere
with the discharge of his official duties.

We perceive by the Brussels Papers that the
late storm has been almost as general along the
Dutch coast, as along the South and South
Western coasts of England. A letter dated
Ostend, September 1, quoted in the above
Journals, says, for the last forty-eight hours,
a most frightful storm has been raging ; such a
one has not been known here within the me-
mory of man. We see to the West, and still
at a great distance, a vessel approaching the
coast, it is to be feared it will have the same
fate as many others." The full particulars of
the havoc occasioned by the late tempest, are yet
to be ae,certained. Hitherto, with the exception
of that most dreadful and indeed unparalleled
shipwreck at. Boulogne, we have had but very
impeifect details. The damage done toshipping
in various parts of the British coast, will, we
apprehend, be found very extensive. Intelligence
from Antwerp mentions that there, too, the
storm has been felt in all its horrors.

The public will be gratified to learn that the
first accounts received from the West Indies
since the arrival there of the resolutions of the
House of Commons respecting the slavery
question, are favourable. It was yesterday
mentioned in our City article that papers had
been received from Jamaica up to the 20th of
July, in which the satisfaction of that island at
the amended, or altered Ministerial plan, was
loudly expressed. We have not yet seen copies
of the Jamaica papers; but in another column
will be found an extract from the Antigua
Herald, of the 20th of July, in which the
editor of that journal expresses his own
delight, and that of all classes of the in-
habitants of that colony at the plan i►i
general. It is curious that the only point on
which a " shadow of dissatisfaction" has been
expressed, is the apprenticeship provision. In
the resolutions it was decided that apprentice-
ship was to be for twelve years at most ; and
many supposed friends of the slave owners con-
tended that this period should not be shortened.
But what says the Antigua Herald? We
have conversed pretty generally on the subject,
and can say, without hesitation, that masters, in
this island at least, think that the freedom had
better be easy, simple, and unrestricted, andfeel
convinced that every thing will soon find its
'level." This is gratifying to those who con•

tended in this country for the shortest possible
period of apprenticeship, and we imagine that
the same feelings will really predominate in all
the colonies, however much, for the sake of
cocsistency, they may, after a time, grumble at
the reduction of the maximum of apprenticeship
to six years. It is evident that the Antiguans
are taken by surprise at the immense amount of
the compensation money, although the editor of
the Herald preserves sufficient caution to call it
partial compensation." We hope that the
West Indians will not allow this gratitude to
grow cold before proceeding to gratify the wishes
of the people who have made such sacrifices on
their behalf.

That the Commission appointed to investi-
gate corporate abuses will have abundance of
work upon their hands, every day furnishes fresh
proof. Some of these abuses, however, are of
a nature which we hardly think the Commis-
sioners have power to remove. We have, for
instance, in a pamphlet before us, published by
Mr. THOMAS WHITE of Hull, on the manage-
ment of the hospitals and alms-houses of that
town, a list of abuses sufficiently gross to pro-
voke the indignation of the most indifferent ;
but we doubt whether municipal reform will
remedy them. Placing greater power in the
hands of the people over their corporate
officers, will certainly prevent future abuses
of corporate funds, or of charitable bequests,
to be administered by corporations, but it will
not recover the property which Mr. White
laments the loss or mis-appropriation of. In
page 66 of his pamphlet Mr. White (who has
been overseer of the poor at Hull, and in that
character acquired the information he now lays
before the public) says,

" At one time several rooms in different hospitals were
occupied by Aldermen's servants, of various grales, from
the haughty officer attending on the Mayor, down to the
humble footman, each leaving the hospital every morning
to wait upon' his master, and returning to it when hie
d illy labours were over. To such an event did this
system prevail, that one of the aldermen, not many years
ago, had absolutely five male and female hired servants
quartered on the hospitals, each of them receiving wages
reduced in proportion to the sum received from the alms-
house in which he or she happened to reside.
" I have known several instances of elderly decayed
tradesmen applying for rooms in the hospitals, but they
were always refused, the refusal g nerally being accom-
panied with a remark that the hospitals were intended for
the servants of the donor,! The new-made aldermen
appear to have adapted the creed of their predecessors,
and thus absurdity may be transmitted through euuntless
generations, unless measures be taken to convince the
present race of their egregious mistake "

Of course, the establishment of a popular con-
stituency in the town of Hull will prevent the
Mayor or Aldermen ever again keeping their
servants in the public Hospitals, but we do not
see how property bestowed upon the corporation
for specific purposes, and sold by them, can be
recovered. Mr. WHITE, and the Reformers of
Hull, have, we fear, no remedy for past misdeeds
of this description. They are, we trust, about
to receive, with the inhabitants of every other
corporate town in the kingdom, the complete
control of their own affairs. If they should then
be able to discover misapplications of property,
which they can remedy by their own power and
their own acts, well and good, but we would
advise them not heedlessly to rush into the
Court of Chancery, particularly if, as in the case
before us, the decision of some constituted au•
thority is against them. The Charity Commis-
sioners, who refused to institute a fresh inquiry
into the abuses of which the Governor, Deputy-
Governor, &c., of the poor of Hull, complained,
have probably some reason for doing so, suffi-
ciently good, to make the -result at an application
to the Court of Chancery doubtful.

GRAVESEND.—Attempts are making, in
pursuance of previous threats, to shut out. the public from
that most attractive and delightful spot, ";"
indeed actual barriers have been erected to confine the
inhabitants and visitors to the path that leads only to—
the alehouse there ; but these barriers have been put down
for the present, by one of those meritorious individuals
who now and then are to be found ready to maintain
public rights, though at personal -inconvenience and ex-
pense. The object of this enclosure of Windmill-hill is
to convert it into a site for building, and already three
101. cottages and a beer shop send forth their fume and
smoke where the hawthorn and wild flower lately dis-
played their fragrance. The result is, that the corn
fields and gardens surrounding the hill areby this &version
trespassed upon, and other provoking injuries inflicted on
the farmer. -Gravesend-hill belongs to the Rev. Mr.
Raikes, of the fatnily of the wealthy and highly respect-
able bankers of that name.—Maidstone Gazettc.

The Director-General of the French Post-
offite has given notice that all letters from Fiance to the
British settlements in Asia, America, and all other coun-
tries beyond sea with which England keeps up regular
communications by packets, may henceforth be sent
through England from the Post-office in France, on pay-
ing the usual postage of letters by estafette, with the ad-
dition of the postage charged for each letter from England
to its place of destination. The public are directed to
write upon all such letters in distinct characters, the
words Vole d'Angleterre.

Yesterday an elderly man, form Birmingham,
named Townshend, gave information at the Bunhill•row
station, St. Luke's, of the fillowinerobbery :—He hail
recently . left Birmingham with about 1001. in guineas.
On Monday afterocon he was looking about in Holborn
for a small shop, when he was accosted by two genteel
looking men, who wormed out of him that he had sixty-
four guineas and seven pounds in his pocket. " Oh,"
said one, " I don't think you have such a thing as a
guinea—they are not to be found now ; I'll bet you
51. you can't produce such a number of guineas." The
bet was taken, and the three adjourned to the Sir John
Falstaff. when the countrym in displayed his money.
Well,"_ said the sharper, "you've won it sure enough,"
and threw down a 51. note. Without going over the
whole story, it may be stated that the sharper pretended
to wrap the man's money up in the note anti put it in
his fob. On their departure the man found his guineas
gone, and halfpence in their place.
A case which had excited considerable interest
was decided by an appeal to the justices at Paisley on
Thursday. The flower.lashers having struck work in the
middle of last week, claiming to be paid by the piece in
p ace of by the day, and for some other alterations in their
rules of trade, and several of them having refused to finish
their flowers on hand, the case betwixt the journeymen
and masters was brought into court, by the latter pursuing
the men for breach of engagement. , The evidence adduced
by th,. different !mai, was of the most contradictory
nature imaginable, the whole of the masers who gave
evidence on the vitt of the pursuer having sworn lis.
tincily that the rule and practice of the trade was, tat the
masters could not discharge, nor the men leave their work,
till the fiawers they were engaged on were finished ; and
on the part of the defender, about 20 journeymen deposed
thie, the rule and practice of the trade were quite the re-
verse ; that the masters were iu the bait of discharging
the men at any hour of the day, without regard to whether
their piece of work was finished or nut. After hay ng
heard evidence on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday,
the sitting justice (Captain M'Alpin) gave sentence, on
Thursday forenoon, finding for ti:e men but leaving both
parties to pay their own expenses. We believe there is no
likelihood of an amicable arrangement betwixt the masters
'
and journeymen in this case ; in the mean time, the
greater part of the masters have a. number of hands em-
„wed, and are determined to stand by their former rule
of ,Hying by the week,
at the rate of 1.55. to 165., while
the workmen are equally Arm for tho, Am. regolatiomiel—
Glasgow Chronicle,
