SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S.—YESTERDAY.
The room was very thinly attended yesterday, and only a few
bets made. They were-
-7 to 4 agst Launcelot—taken
6 to 1 agst Gibraltar—taken
16 to 1 agst Crucifix—taken (15 to 1 was the last offer)
2.0 to 1 agst Theon—taken

YORK AUGUST MEETING.
WEDNESDAY.

The Wenlock Stakes of 10 sovs. each, h ft, with 20 added, for
two-years-old, 6st 71b; and three years, Bst 81b ; winners
once, 31bs ; twice, 51bs extra. One mile. (Three Subs.)
Mr. Howard named ch c Belgrade, 2 yrs ............ (Marson) 1
Mr. Peck's Tournament, 2 yrs... ................. 2
Mr. G. Clark's b c Alonzo, 3 yrs
...
Won by three parts of a length.. ............ 3
Sweepstakes of 20 Sovs. each, for three-years-old ; colts, Bst
71b ; and fillies, Bst 41b.' T. Y.C. (Eight Subs.)
Mr. Brooks's ch fby Tomboy, out of Lunatic ...(31arson)
Mr. Gascoigne's ch c Quilt Arnold ............ ............... 2
Colonel Cradock's b c Pagan 3
...
The following also started but were not placed :—Mr. Gully's
b e Radical, Mr. Clark's br f Sister to Imogene, Mr. H. S.
Thompson's ch c by 3lundig, out of Sister to Don John's dam,
Mr. Hancock's ch f Evelyn, and Colonel Thompson's br f Fly-
ing Gib. Won by a neck.
Sweepstakes of 30 SOY. each, 10 ft, for three-year-olds; colts,
Bst 71b; and fillies, Bst 41b. One mile and a quarter.
(Four Subs.)
Mr. Clark's ch c Benjamin
Alf. Bell's b f La Femme Sage 2
Won by four lengths.
Her Majesty's Plate of 100 guineas, for mares ; three-year-
olds, 7st 21b ; four yrs, Bst 71b ; five yrs, 9st llb ; six yrs
and aged, 9st 51b. Three miles.
Mr. Orde's brn Bee's Wing, aged ...(Cartwright) 1
Mr. C. 31. St. Paul's b f Calypse, 3 yrs
Won by half a length.
The Members' Plate of 50/ for three-year-olds, Get 71b ; four
yrs, 7st 91b ; five yrs, Bst 51b ; six yrs and aged, Bat 10Ib ;
mares and geldings allowed albs. Winners of 504 once this
wont the first heat. The
year, 3lbs ; twice, rilbs ; and thrice, 61bs extra. Mile and
half hheats.eco 4
unt yrs,ef.
asH ens eoltt ionvee'rs The
when Shadow,our a
w
rata Mr.

EGHAM RACES, CONCLUDED.
The meeting terminated yesterday, with a degree of success
which, considering the indifferent character of the racing on
Tuesday and Wednesday, must have agreeably disappointed its
patrons. The bill of fare consisted of four events, including
that attractive dish the Queen's " Plate," which furnishes the
important adjective " grand" to the third day at Runnymede ;
it attracted a very large company, including most of the leading
families resident in the neighbourhood, the betting and all the
other stands were full, and lessees admitted that business has
been sufficiently brisk to console them for a woeful lack of it
on the previous days. Besides many other fashionables we ob-
served the Earls of Errol, Uxbiidge, and Albemarle; Lord
Lilford, the Hon. G. S. Byng, and Colonel Bouverie (all
from Windsor Castle), Lord Paget, Lord Charles Fitzroy ;
Co!onel Wood, Colonel Peel, Colonel T. Wood ; the Ladies
Constance and Eleanor Paget, Hon. Captain Paulett ; Sir G.
Heathcote Mr. Greville, &c. The course was kept by a body
of the A division, who were perfectly an fait to their duties.
The weather was delightful. The following return will show
a marked improvement both in the quality and extent of the
sport.
Sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, 20 ft, for two yrs old ; colts,
Bst 71b ; and fillies, Bst 41b ; winners, 31b. extra. Three
quarters of a mile. (3 Subs. )
Sir G. Heathcote's bf, by Defence, Nannette...(Chapple) 1
Captain Williamson's Affection
5 and 6 to 4 on the Defence filly, which made all the run-
ning, and won easy.

The Egham Stakes of 5 sous. each, with 35 added; three yrs
old, 7st; four, Bst 41b ; five. Bst 101 b ; six and aged,
9st lib ; mares and geldings allowed 310 ; winners, once in
1840, 31b ; twice, Sib ; thrice, 711 s extra (matches and han-
dicaps excepted). Horses that have started twice, and not
won, allowed Sib. The winner to be sold for 2501., &c.

Mile and a half heats. (4til;) --
Mr. Goodman's Colchicum, 4 yrs (Butler) 4 1 1
Mr. Scott's Abel, 4 yrs
Sir G. Heathcote's f, by Emilius, Nannette, 3 yrs 3 2 3
Captain Gardnor's Anne Boleyn, 5 yrs 2 4 dr
First heat-2 to 1 each agst Colchicum and the Nannette
filly.—Won easy by .vro lengths, after a slow-run race.
Second heat-5 to 4 agst Colchicum, and 6to 11 agst Nan-
nette.—Anne Boleyn made play to the turn, where Colchicum
went in front, made the rest of the running, and won easy.
Third heat.-6 to lon Colchicum, who won easy by a
length.
The Queen's Plate of 100 gs. ; three years old, 7st 51b : four
years, 9st llb ; five years, 9st 111 b; six years and aged,
lOst 21b. Two miles and a distance.

In;: 3- 1
i)
i enng .
Sir G. Heathcote's Valentissimo, aged
Duke of Richmond's Mus, aged... .............................. 9
M
raß.nedSttcsi on ttgto: M-6
agst
gl utsnotg4 Parke,laugnsgt
:ip uasbr_rkoe7t.ht eo rA4: oua
gsEsmtn tvae,ari
epi
ernai sti
s,
ts
ne y ror su(te
Valentissimo waiting on him to the distance, where he chal-
lenged and, after a splendid race, won by a neck.
St. Leger, betting on the course.
ncAkl'on
s Crucifitzo
7 to 4 agst Lord Westminster's Launcelot—taken
Gibraltar—taken
to 1 agst Gen. Yates's tbraltar—taken
521
60 t
o o 5
tto 1
eatt
aggessh agitt Li‘orsr.t dGDrG. :CB cl Clark's s
and the Young'un, in one bet
—taken

wthihrd. Bst 51
6tbo 5
; Fleur-de-Lis
WINNERS OF THE GOODWOOD CUPS.
1830.—Fleur-de-Lis, aged, carrying 9st. 6:b.-7 to 2
ranlBin3l
against her. Zinganee was second, The Colonel third,
agst Priam,
and Green Mantle fourth. One of the finest races ever
seen. it
and 5 to 4 agst the old mare.
1832.—Priam again victorious. Even betting. 3to
1 agst the Derby horse of 1831, and 10 to 1 agst Beiram.
6 second, P r
i a
ma
and Variation yVeaarrisa toiled'',
1833.—Rubini, 5 years old, " first," with 9st 915;
Whale second, and Beiram third. 100 to 6 agst the win-
ner. 4to 1 agst the Whale.
1834.—Glencoe, being 3 years old, with 7st 41b ; Col-
wick second, and Famine third. 4to 1 agst Glencoe.
1835.—Rockingham. 5 years old, 9st 415, beating
Giaucus, St. Giles, Rioter, Lady Fly, Castaway, and
Sylvan.
1836.—Hornsea, 4 years old, Bst 101 b, with the odds of
5 to 4 on him; Ellis second ; Bamfylde third, and Rock-
ingham cyphered.
1837.—.Carew, 4 years old, with Bst Ilb ; 5 to 1 against
him. Enterprise second; Jack in the Green third.
Hornsea cyphered, and Caravan also. Hornsea the favourite
at 2 to 1.
1838.—Harkaway, 4 years old, Bst 81b. 5 to 4 agst
him, beating Adrian, Dormouse, and D'Egville.
1839.—" Harkaway" again. Even betting. Decep-
tion, with 20 to 1 agst her, played second fiddle, and
Hyllus third.

We learn from a Correspondent at Dresden that,
otwithstanding an unusual continuance of bad weather,
t he crops in Saxony are particularly abundant.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT IN AMERICA.--john
Stane, who was recently sentenced to be hanged at Ga-
lena, for the murder of a woman, was to have " died the
death" designed by the law last Friday. The sheriff of
the county had to construct the gallows himself, as none
of the mechanics of the place would do it; and it was with
much difficulty be sticeedoil I.ldiao a score at which
tiley'vfolit4 sell hinV a Topa to use 1211 the 9ccasimilt...4Veto
York ,gxrrcss, juk. 4§,

,

Private letters from Malta bring intelligence to the
7th inst. relative to Alexandria. A letter which
had been given by Sarni Bey to the Viceroy on his
return from the Porte, and which had been supposed
to be a Hatti Scheriff from the Sultan, turned out to
be a reply of the Porte on the subject of the restitu-
tion of the fleet, with Ahmed Ferzi, the Capitan
Pacha, and the other Beys, whom the Sultan said he
would not receive, considering them to be traitors.
Immediately on the departure of M. Perier on the
27th of July, orders were given to complete the
militia, and arrangements were made to give to the
fleet six months of the pay, which is eleven months
in arrear. The Turkish fleet, during the period it
has been in Egypt, has lost 4,200 men by local com-
plaints. The superior officers, it is said, would not re-
turn to Turkey if they might, while, on the contrary,
those of inferior rank pine for their homes. The intel-
ligence received by Mehemet Ali on the 29th of July,
that the Conference at London had proved unfavourable
to his wishes, and that France would be obliged to
unite with the other Powers, seemed to make a strong
impression upon him, though not to overcome him. It

is thought that he is disposed to abandon Arabia,
since Ibrahim Pacha (the nephew) had embarked for
Cosier, with two regiments from Jedda on the 15th of
July, and it was considered probable that the four
other regiments would follow. The Pacha asserts that
he has 130,000 men in Syria. It is known, as a fact,
that the army of Marasch is composed of 26,000, that
there are 8,000 in Selim Pacha's division, and an
equal number under Osman Pacha. The garrison of
Acre consists of 12,000 men, and those of several
other places may be roughly estimated at 8,000,
with 10,000 irregular troops. To these may be added
20,000 sent to Beyrout to quell the insurrection, and
this is all that is actually known as to the number of

troops in Syria, except as far as credence may be given
to the assertion of the Pacha. Ammunition is conti-
nually sent to Syria from Alexandria as soon as it ar-
rives from Cairo. At Marasch, in the camp of Ibra-
him Pacha, are Beys of all the countries bordering on
Russia. Letters received from Beyrout at Alexandria,
on the 28th of July, announced the complete restora-
tion of tranquillity, and stated that the chiefs of the
insurgents, viz., the Emirs Faour, Hassan, Ali, and the
son of the Emir Abbas, were taken, and were sent to
Acre to be put in irons. The insurgents about Tripoli
bad been dispersed, and only five chiefs of the Druses,
with about 2,000 men, were still in a state of revolt.
The Rear-Admiral Mustapha Pacha had arrived at
Alexandria from Beyrout. The Nile was increasing,
and on the Ist instant a dike leading to the canal of
Old Cairo was cut. At Alexandria the fortifications
were under repair, ammunition was distributed, and
there were strong symptoms of a fanatical feeling
against the Christians.

The arrival of Sir Moses Montefiore at Alexandria
is said to have caused the greatest joy among the Jews
of Egypt. On being introduced to the Pacha, Sir
Moses Montefiore read the following speech :
" Having heard in Europe of the tortures to which
several Israelites (subjects of your Highness) have
been subjected for the purpose of extorting involuntary
confessions, and because the shedding of blood is pro-
hibited in the Jewish religion, we have come in behalf
of those of our religion in England, France, and all
Europe, to seek for justice at the hands of your High-
ness, and that this affair may be submitted to inquiry.
We are aware that as soon as your Highness was in-
formed of the unheard-of horrors that were being
committed at Damascus, your Highness immediately
gave orders for their discontinuance. We in-
voke the fame which your Highness hal acquired at
the cost of so much courage with the whole civil-
ized world. We have come calmly and without hatred
to request of your Highness a firman which will em-
power us freely to examine the transaction. That the
firman be registered here, in the archives, and officially
despatched to the Governor-General, who will publish
it in the streets of Damascus. That we be permitted
to see the accused as often as we may require."
Mehemet Ail received Sir Moses with much cour-
tesy, and although the discourse had not yet been trans-
lated into Turkish, as it is intended, expressed his satis-
faction.

At the last date of the intelligence (Aug. 7) the
Viceroy had just left Alexandria for the Delta, where
he has estates that be keeps cultivated for his own
use. His return was expected in a fortnight. The
Russian Consul left Alexandria at the same time.

CH RONICLE.— The settlement in Consols which
took place to-day was to a larger extent in amount than
we have had occasion to notice for a very long period.
The extreme quotations have amounted to about 3 per
cent., which, combined with the intermediate fluctua-
tions, has caused much embarrasrnent to the jobbers in
the management of their options, and made the differ-
ences payable by speculators to be unusually large. The
continuation which bad been ranging for the last two or
three days past at 1, to 7-16ths, increased today to
per cent., which was currently given ; thus rendering
money worth upwards of 5 per cent, to the 14th of
October, and at the same time showing the account
now brought to a close to have been a heavy Bull ac-
count.

The minutes of evidence and appendix annexed to
the Report of the Commissioners for inquiry into bank-
ruptcy and insolvency presented to both Houses of Par-
liament, by command of her Majesty, contain a valuable
mass of information on those subjects, extending over
567 closely printed pages.
The report itself is most important, as evincing the
opinions of several eminent men upon the defects of our
system of bankruptcy, and is peculiarly useful to the
non-professional reader for its concise and clear defini-
tions. The object of the bankrupt law, it observes, is
the equal distribution of the effects of traders who can-
not meet their engagements ; its ordinary consequence
is, the release of such traders from all future liability of
their persons and after-acquired property. The object
of the law for the relief of insolvent debtors is, the per-
sonal discharge of honest debtors—prolonged imprison-
ment, by way of punishment, for the dishonest and frau-
dulent—and a fair distribution of their present effects
and future acquired property amongst their creditors ;
the bankruptcy law being confined to traders, and the
law of insolvency available to debtors generally, whether
traders or not, who have suffered a certain imprisonment.
The Report then briefly remarks that there are defects in
both systems; the first affording no efficient means for the
punishment of dishonest debtors, and the second equally
inefficient for the discovery of property ; the exclusion of
" small traders" from the benefit of the bankrupt laws
is dwelt upon with due severity. Nothing, it is ob-
served, can be more unjust than that they should be
imprisoned until the absence of fraud is proved by exa-
mination and inquiry, because their debts are small,
while those whose debts are sufficiently large should en-
joy security from imprisonment unless fraud be esta-
blished. The principle of the law, no doubt, is, that
those who take the benefit of the Insolvent Act arc
persons not traders, who have contracted debt through
improvidence, and that those who undergo the ordeal
of the bankrupt laws are persons engaged in mercantile
affairs, who have bean reduced from misfortune to in-
solvency ; but the report states, that the greatest num-
ber of those who pass through the Insolvent Debtors'
Court are persons whose state was contemplated by the
law of bankruptcy, but trading on a smaller scale than
those who are usually made bankrupts. It appears
by the Gazette, in the year 1839, that there were
3,691 petitions filed in the Insolvent Debtors' Court,
as follows .
Non traders 1,036
Traders
Donbtful

3,691
So that two-thirds of the number were traders withi9,
the meaning of the Bankrupt Law, 4f4g PQin,ting
cut the unjust distinction which 0.9,1517 f 0 bankruptcy
confers upon 919 wholeso debtor,
in comparison with
ti'e less extensive dealer on credit, who under" •

0„b the
-et, the report re-

scrutiny of the Insolvent Debtors'
ccinmends " that
debt,.

—,ements should be held out to
.... ‘o make a concession of their property at such

The report thereafter discusses separately the more
material defects in the existing laws of bankruptcy and
insolvency under classified heads, accompanied by the
opinions of the Commissioners as to the best remedy
under each head, and finally recommends a union of
the Courts by which the laws relating to bankrupts
and insolvent debtors are now administered and for
that purpose to place all insolvent estates under one
uniform system of law, as the Commissioners justly
observe that they can see no good reason why the es-
tate of one debtor, who is unable to pay his debts in
full, should be administered in a different manner from
that of another debtor under the same disability. This
recommendation of uniformity naturally and unavoida-
bly led the Commissioners to a full consideration of
the law of imprisonment for debt, its policy, and practi-
cal results ; and the conclusion which they arrive at is,
that the mischief ought to be obviated, not by provisions
designed for the mere mitigation of its consequences,
but by removing the crise, by limiting the power of
imprisonment itself, and confining it to cases where it is
warranted on the plain and just principle of preventing
the debtor from fraudulently absconding or removing
his property beyond the reach of justice, or for the
punishment of actual fraud, or compelling the debtor,
after judgment, either to pay his debt or to make a
cession of the whole of his property for the benefit of
his creditors. Beyond this, they say that imprison-
ment is neither warranted in principle nor beneficial in
practice ; and this language applies with peculiar force
to arrest on final process, which, combined with the
insolvent law, leads to the imprisonment of numbers
merely to be discharged without oppovition at
the end of a few weeks. This is fully borne out by
returns produced to the Commissioners since the
abolition of mesne process, by which it appears that
in the Court of Insolvent Debtors from the Ist of
October, 1838, to the Ist of December, 1839, being
fourteen months, the number of town cases ordered to
be heard was
... 1,679
Of these there were out of custody before the
day of hearing ... ~, ~, ••• 58
Discharged unopposed 1,147
Discharged opposed ... 474
Of the opposed remanded for punishment 141
Country cases during the same period 2,226
Of these, there were out of custody before the
day of hearing ••• ~, ••• ... 112
Discharged unopposed ... ... 1,441
Discharged opposed ... ... 673
Of the opposed remanded for punishment ... 220
We have not space to follow the report into an
examination of the answer which they make to the
objection that the abolition of arrest in execution
would encourage the contracting of debts improvi-
dently ; nor is this necessary, for every one knows
that the distant contingency of imprisonment in exe-
cution has very little influence at present in regard
to the contracting of debts, and to those who are of the
worst description of debtors a prison is really no pun-
ishment—while it too frequently breaks the heart, or at
least Contaminates the mind, of the unfortunate class of
debtors. It appears that there is at present no less a
sum than 486,0001. Three per Cent. Stock in the Bank
of England, the annual interest on which is available
for the expenses of the Court ; and there is every rea-
son to believe that another large sum for the same pur-
pose will be collected under the old bankruptcies in the
country, from which and other sources, the Commis-
sioners calculate there will be raised a sum fully ade-
quate for the maintenance of the proposed Court, upon
a proper scale, without opposing any additional burden
on the finances of the country.

HERALD.—The settlement of the account was
operated to-day, and notwithstanding the extraordinary
extent of the fluctuations since the previous settlement
in July one dealer only was named in default, whose dif-
ferences were not of any amount worth noticing. The
opinion ventured yesterday turns out to be correct, for
it was a " bull" account. It appears that the public
have latterly been bringing stock to market, although
assuredly the heavier quantities have been delivered in
the Jew account, the pretence of which is that the low
prices to which the French funds have fallen have
tempted that class of dealers and others to sell Consols
for the purpose of investing in French Rentes. Private
advices from Paris, and from accredited sources, en-
tirely negative any such assertion. It is much more
likely that sales of Consols have been effected hero to
realize the cash for payment of the Rentes brought there
by wholesale in the way of speculation, but without the
slightest intention of permanent investment. The effect
of the options declared yesterday, together with the
class of manoeuvres practising here and abroad, was a
depression in the price of Consols from 90,i, having
been 90i to the day belore, to 891 to -a.

SUN.—The settlement, in which so many, not only of 1
the jobbers, but also of the brokers were so deeply inter-
ested, was of course the principal object of attention to-
day, and went off, with a struggle certainly, but, never-
theless, quite as favourably as could have been antici-
pated, considering the ups and downs of the last three
weeks. A good number of persons were glad to pay as
much as one-half and five-eighths per cent., to put off
the evil day, and save themselves from being called on
to make good their differences until October, and stock
being brought freely to market to make up the amounts
required, Consols gradually receded from 908 to 89,i,
the closing price for money. For account the range
was frorn,9o to 90 ; Exchequer Bills receded to 21s.
premium.

- The transactions in the Foreign Stocks were ex-
tremely unimportant, and prices all took rather a lower
range. Portuguese Bonds, owing to the fact having
become generally known that the Budget of the Finance
Minister of Donna Maria shows a deficiency again to
some amount in receipts as compared with expenditure,
have declined to 3411 and 35i for the New Five per
Cents., and 22i for the Three per Cents. Colombian
Bonds of 1824 were heavy at 24 to ; Brazilian at
79i ; and Spanish Actives at a decline from 25} to
25a 114. ; Dutch Two-and•a-Half per Cents. alternated
from 511 to 521 ; and French Five per Cents.ros e to
112 f. 25c.

In the Railway Shares there has been a slight re-ac-
tion to-day, consequent on the state of affairs in the
English market. The sales were to a moderate extent
only, but generally at lower prices. The deodand
levied on the Eastern Counties Railway Company, re-
duced the value of their shares to 11 and 111 discount.
The Great Western receded to 2.5 and 26 premium,
the new to 91 to 10 premium ; the South Western,
; the Hull and Selby, 2 ; and the New North
Midland to 1:1 premium. The Birminglialn Quarter
Shares were at 221 premium ; Brighton at discount.
London Joint-Stock Bank were at premium.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAT.
(From the Morning Chronicle.)
Our readers have frequently of late perused obser-
vations delivered by Irish Judges on their circuits,
on the lightness of the calendars. I3ut in order that
the great moral revolution wli.cit has taken place in
Ireland may be correctly appreciated, we communicate
the following account of tho homicides in that country,
taken from the constabulary retutns :-
1838. 1839. 1840.
January 24 17 6
February
March
April 22 17 8
May
June
July

reliedscasucelotus
in
nthese
75
0:6::::)i,
Irish have. been
1711
halTehscesleeepteadrtihcoumlairscidmezybbeecaiumspelitchitely
so often reproached with their pronmeinrpeal
violence. But the decrease has taken in crime in
months of
general. There is something truly •
plBh3enBo:nweencao.meF(rtoomwnl4tol iln2stliine
tfihrestfirs_even
A seven months
months of 1840.
t tth ri iatt
ctiht e rteh
this
ss
extraordinary of 1839, and to 69 in the first sevent
history c of fa
change.
N\v‘orrelddoannNotthbineglievteo
During the same period crime
on the increase in England, T has been frightfully
population which go through The proportion of our
greater and greater ; nna Priscms is every year
increase is most xemar4 webi are sorry to say that the
But waiving the a e in crimes of violence.
consideration of England for
the present, 1
. how, w
for the ti,rem 10 ask, are wo to account
t4as often been Lilnlir:a reVill"!ion in Ireland ? It
mw must hi, • - -..rued that obedience to th‘i
„,;.1. preceded by a belief in the impartiality
—a which it is executed. Till of late the Tr;sb had
no confidence in their tribunals. in al: eases in which
they came into collision with the ascendant class, they
knew that they would be tried by their enimies.
i Orange Sheriffs returned Orange Jurors, and if the

(From the Times.)
So long as the rent could be levied on the wretched
Irish without the extremity of a repeal agitation, Mr.
O'Connell was content to drain the poor man's pocket
of its mite, and blink a question so embarrassing to his
confederates in the Government. But the people, find-
ing that year followed year without yielding any prin., 1-
cal return for their often-repeated alms, began to hold
back, till the extent of the defalcation brought en
awkward warning to the party most concerned, that
unless he could give his tributaries something for their
money, it would soon be forthcoming no longer. Ttie
Corporation Bill has been tried ;n vain. The Irish
people could never be persuaded to take an interest
about it. Catholic emancipation has long been com-
plete ; and the commutation into rent-charge has
removed the real, practical vexation—the collec-
tion of tithe. The repeal of the union is ill:
only remaining topic for an excitement ; and it
has this recommendation—that it addresses itself to
the national pride. Mr. O'Connell has accordingly
adopted it ; and, though in all probability he will work
it with a very gentle movement in the House of Com-
mons, it will doubtless be the grand war-horse on which
he will parade himself throughout the vacation in the
eves of the rent-paying " bondsmen." But if he is an
insatiable mendicant, he is also a crafty lawyer. He
keeps carefully to the windward of an Act of Parlia-
ment. The statute of the 36th of George 111., chap.
7, made perpetual by the 57th of the same reign, chap.
6, enacts, that any person who shall compass or intend
to deprive the King, his heirs or successors, of the style,
honour, or kingly name of the imperial crown of this
realm, or of any other of his Majesty's dominions
or countries, and shall express such compassing
or intention by any overt act, shall, on conviction,
" be deemed, declared, and adjudged, to be a traitor."
Ay, but, say the apostles of Repeal, what we pro-
pose for Ireland is not to deprive our Sovereign of that
kingdom. Our associations, our speeches, our writings,
our other proceedings of what kind soever, are intended
only to separate the Parliaments, not the Royalties, of
the two islands ; and therefore they are no overt acts
of treason. But great masses of men are not to be
kept in check by such cobweb threads. They break
away at once towards the true substantial object
for which they are convened. Accordingly, a Roman
Catholic priest, somewhat less of a Jesuit than certain
of his brethren, becomes unable to restrain his im-
petuosity, and fairly tells the Mayo repeal meeting at
Castlebar, that if they fail to get repeal, they must at..
tempt to get separation,—that is, if the united ParFx-
ment refuse to rescind the Act of Union, the two coun-
tries must be severed by an agency in which Parliament
will have no share.

(From the Morning, Advertiser.)
Timon of Athens might have learnt a lesson in hating
and Ernulphus amplified his curse had they lived to see
the bitterness of the Tories towards Lords Normanby
and Ebrington. Periodically breaking forth, as Rib-
andism and Repeal afford it the watchwords, it seeks,
by exhibiting those Lords to the public as the authors
and abettors of treason and anarchy, to make opinion
subservient to party revenge. It was to be expected
that an aristocracy and its agents, which Grattan has
called "a subordination of vultures," in a social system
or hierarchy, exhibiting a decreasing series of rights, of
which the first term consisted of the absolute power of a
chosen few, and the other terms of the more or less
abject slavery of the rest, should be astonished and in-
furiated upon being reminded by an Irish "Viceroy's
orders, that " property had its duties as well as its
rights." It was natural that his courage in en-
forcing this maxim should earn their undying
revenge. That was cause and effect. There-
fore we are not surprised at hearing the head
of the Irish Government as well as the whole Whig
Cabinet, charged with the offences of Ribandism and
Repeal of the Union, both of which, we are told,
re-act upon and reciprocally excite each other. Taking
advantage of the present agitation in Ireland for a
Repeal of the Union, which they know to be justly
unpopular in England, the Tories hope, by virtue of
the counter-cry of the kingdom, " One and Indivisible,"
to gain the ascendancy, and divert the attention of the
public from the causes which lead the Irish to demand
Repeal. This is the point we should ever keep in view.
When the Tories call out to crush Repeal, let us ask
ourselves whether, if the Conservative faction had
granted the just Legislative Reforms in Ireland, that
cry would have ever arisen ? United by an equality
of rights and laws, the Irish would not have been so
blinded as to have rejected the advantages of increased
strength, additional capital, and an unlimited market
for their labour, which the connexion with England
insures, were it not for the mighty moral principle
which rejects all worldly advantages bought at, tue
price of a spiritual degradation.
(From the Morning Herald.)
In another part of the Herald will be for,nd an ac-
count of a meeting at Manchester in refr.rence to the
condition of India. At that meetin-‘, Mr. George
Thompson and Mr. O'Connell were the principal
speakers. With the exception of a certain leaning to
tree-trade opinions, which may be discerned in the
speech of Mr. Thompson--and with the exception of
the coarsenesses which are portion of Mr. O'Connell's
nature—the sentiments of both on this great question
appear sound, and eminently deserving of
public atten-
tion. The industry of India is subjected to a fiscal ty-
ranny such as rarely, if ever, has desolated any other
country. The resources of India are almost boundless._..
yet famine stalks almost incessantly throughout her
provinces—her soil is uncultivated—her children are
doomed to involuntary ieleness. While the Indian Go-
vernment seeks to extract gold from the natives, by all
the arts which a Government can employ, no efforts
arc made by the rulers of India to add, to the slightest
possible extent, to the productiveness of Indian industry,
No :---the business of the Government of that glorious
empire would seem to be simply to clutch money, by
the rudest, coarsest, and most destructive expedients.
The existence of such a tax as the Indian land-te,x is
disgraceful alike to the East India Company, and to
the Parliament of Great Britain. Amongst tlie almost
infinite uses to which the soil of India might be turned,
the cultivation of the cotton plant is one of the most
important. The cotton manufacture of England rests, at
this moment, on most narrow and insecure foundations. A.
lsrge portion of our population depends on that manu-
facture for daily bread. That manufacture becomes
year by year less profitable, and at the same time
far more liable to the risks of obstruction and subver-
sion. The reasons of this unsatisfactory state of things
do not lie far from the surface. We have, in the in-
tensity of that competition wh'ioh free trade principles
naturally generate, rendered ourselves unwisely de-
pendent on the cotton, growers of the United States.
The producers of tl,:e raw material form our chief fo-
reign
re
customers fz,r the manufactured article. We hats
pushed our t:ade amongst these customers of ours
with the most foolish eagerness. We have allowed
them, vi:tually, to set their own prices on the products
of ott.-.• industry. We manufacture cotton goods, in
short, much more rapidly than the planters in the United
States produce raw cottons. The consequence, natu..
rally, is that the value of the manufactured fabric is per-
petually sinking in the market, when compared with the
value of the raw material.

EVENING EDITION.

AFFAIRS OF THE EAST.

'TOE TREATY OF LONDON OF THE 15Ta OF

JULY.

We are enabled this day to submit to the attention 1
ou: readers a document of the greatest importance,
Lie precursor of other documents, which must soon see
the light, on the all-absorbing Eastern question. It is
the memorandum addressed by Lord Palmerston to the
French Ambassador on the day of the signing of the
treaty of London.
This valuhble State paper will be perused with the
deepest interest, as the manifesto of England, Austria,
Russia, and Prussia, against the isolated policy of

France.
The political personage who has favoured us with
this eommunication, expresses his conviction that it
must prove the disposition of the four signing Powers
tb conciliate France, and establish that their policy is
eqsentially pacific, and for the general advantage of

Europe. -
We deem the document of such importance that we
make no apology for publishing it in the two lan-

guages :
LORD PALMERSTON TO M. GUIZOT,
Foreign Office, 1; Juillet, 1840.
La Gouvernement Francais a recu dans tout le cours des
r.e4ociations qui comre encerent I'automne de l'annee passes,
les preuves les plus reitereN les plus manifestes et les plus
iucontestables, non seulement du desir des Cours d'Au-
triche, de la Grand Bretagne, de Prusse, et de la Russie,
t,'.J river a une entente avec le Gouvernement Francais
ur les arrangements nelessaires pour effectuer la pad:-
i.e.:alien du Levant ; mais aussi de la granda importance
que ne es cours n'ont jamais cease d'attacher a l'effet
moral que produiraient Portion et le contours des
einq puissance!, dans une affaire d'un jute:et si
grave et si intimement au maintien de la
Euroi.Lnne. Les quatro Cours ont vu avec le plus
grand regret que tons leurs efforts pour atteindre leur but
c::t 6 e infructueux, et malgre quo tout derni6rement elks
aient propc6 ala France de s'associer avec die pour
f.a r:t executer un arrangement entre le Sultan et Mehemet
Al,l fonde, sur des ides qu'auraicnt 6:6 emises vers la fin
de Pant a derni6re par I'Ambassadeur de Prance a Lon-
4.tres ; eeperulant le Gouvernement Francais n'a pas cru
pouvoir prendre part a cot arrangement, et a fait dependre
i).l conc.:ars avec les autres puissanccr, des conditions que
vs puissances ont jugecs incompatibles avec le maintien
ce rinde,entianee et d 3 l'integrite de ]'Empire Ottoman,
et a tee !e repos futur de l'Europe.
(),es cet. 6.. at de chosce, les quatre Cours n'avaient
choir que d'abandonner aux chances do Pamir les
grandes off oires qu'elles avalent pris ]'engagement d'ar-
rAn;zer, et :tins' de constater leur impuissance et de livrer
I paix.,_Euroe.mne a des dangers toujours croissants; ou
bit..n de prendre la retolution de marcher en avant, sans la
ove:-ation de la France, et d'amener au moyen de leurs
a IfJris 16. this une solution des complications du Levant,
et.ufurrne aux engager-Liens que les quatre Cours ont con-
t ract6, cutters le Su:tan, et propre a assure: la paix future.
Pla-Ls entre ces deux choix et p606.t.r6?5. de l'urgence
d',4o dLision imn.6 iiate, et en rapport avec les graves

iriT(.l•i:s qui t[ouvent engag63, les quatre Coursa clu
leur voir d'opter pour la deraiere de ces deux alt r-
',awes, et elles vlenneut par cons6quent de conclure avec
le Suitt'', LINC convention destirfea a rd,oudre d'une ma-
n Zre satisfaisante Its complications actuellement existantes
.tiat.s le Levant.

Los quatre Cour; en signant cette Convention n'ont pu
),,as ..4entir lo pins vif r6gret de se trouver ainsi momen-
t,i,,ea.ent te,34lLs oe la France dans une affaire essentiel-
errient .Euroi.Lnne; mais ce regret se trouve diminue par
i„ de,,far,ations re:!6. Ls quo lc Gouvernement Francais
leur a faites, qu'il n'a rien a objector aux arrangements
quo los que re Paissances dinircnt faire accepter par Me-
hornet A i, si Mclie.mvt Ali y consent; que dans aucun cas
is Frat.ce no s'oroosera aux meiures que les quatre Cours,
e!e e:,neart avec IC Sultan pourront juger ELessaires pour
obtenir l'assetAiment du Paella d'Egypte ; et quo lc seal
motif qui a ernfeche la France de s'associer aux autres
Puissances a cettc occasion r'e,•ive de conside:ations de
.livers genres qui rendaient impossible au Gouvernement
r dr,ois de preudre part a des mesures coercitives contre
I\4lebonet Ali.
Les quatre Conrs done en'retiennent l'espoir fonde,
quo tour separation d'avec la, France a ce sujet, no seta
que de courtc durL ; et ne portcra aucune atteinte aux
re'Lettons de sincere arnitit; qu'elles deairent si vivernent
conserver avec la France. De plus ells s'adressent avec
nstanet; au Gouvernement Francais afin d'obtenir du moins
malg,re qu'elies no penitent en esperer une
e(,-cperation mate toile.
L'inilucnce tau Gouvernement Francais eat puipante
Alex.indrie et lea quatre Ccurs ne pourraient elles pas
•verer rne:ne demander de l'amitie du Gouvernement
iranesis, quo cette influence s'exerce auprea do .Mehemet
Ali claw le but (fame:ter ce Pacha a donner son adhesion
:.ux arrangements que lui vont eLre propose par le Sultan ?
Si le Gouvernement Fraegais pourroit de cette maniere
contribuer efficacement a metre un ternm aux complica-
tiung du Levant, le Gouvernement acquerrerait un nouveau
titre a la te,:ontiaissance eta l'estime de tousles arnis de la

THE THIRD VOLUME OF
AGNES STRICKLAND'S " LIVES OF THE
QUEENS OF ENGLAND,"
IS NOW READY,
Price Bs. 6d. boond, with Illustrations.
Orders received by all Booksellers.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Gleat Marlborough-street.

THE SEPTEMBER NUMBER OF
BENTLEY'S MISCELLANY,
Edited by W. HARRISON AINSWORTH, Esq.
:CONTAINS:--
Mr. Ainsworth's Guy Eawkes, The Black Mousquetaire. By
Illustrated by George Cruik- Thomas Ingoldsby.
shank. 'Mastiff Lubberkin, with an il-
A Sailor's Trip up the Rhine. lustration by Alfred Crow-
By the Author of " The Life quill.
of a Sailor." The Portfolio of Mr. Peter
Irish Invention. By P. Mac- Popkin.
Teague. The Stealing of the Treasure.
The Transylvanian Anatomie. Stanley Thorn. By the Author
By R. B. Peake. of " Valentine Vox." With
Love's Second Sight. By Miss an Illustration by Alfred
Louisa Stuart Costello. Crowquill.
Colin Clink. By c. Hooton.
Richard Bentley, N

few Burlington-street

L'K IS MAJESTY the EMPEROR of
IL AUSTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
RANTEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
DIVIDENDS, which (though they are NO LOTTERIES)
offer many possibilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES.
HEINE BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH,
Are now SELLING BONDS for the said DIST RIM TIONS.
Persons desirous to purchase for one of the next Distributions,
may receive, PREVIOUS to giving any order, the PROS-
'ECTUS and PARTICULARS, upon addressing WITH-
JUT DELAY, a fine to
HEINE, BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH.
THE NEXT DISTRIBUTION contains
SEVEN HUNDRED DIVIDENDS,
Amounting to £72,170,
The Dividends being
:::25,000 £BOO £l5O £lOO £7O
5,000 600 120 90 60
1,500 400 110 80 50
1,000 200
AND THE FOLLOWING DISTRIBUTION contains
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED
DIVIDENDS,
Amounting to £954,888,
The Dividends being
£15,000 £6OO £7O 0 £37 10
7,500 300 50 0 37 0
3,800 200 42 0 ',36 0
1,800 150 010 35 0
1,200 100 39 0
HEINE, BROTHERS, having remitted, during a short
;ime, 18,0001., 9,000/.. 5,000 L , 3,6001., &c. &c. &c., to Lon-
don ; 3,6001., 8001., 7001., to Edinburgh ; 3,600/. to Dublin ;
3,6001. to Beverley; 3,6001. to Halifax ( Yorkshire); 1,200/.
to Portleaven Barbour; 9001., 6001., to Liverpool; 900/. to
Newcastle-upon-Tyne ; 9001. to Hull ; 9001., 6001., to Man-
chester ; 6001. to Bideford; 600/. to Cork ; 600/. to Bradford ;
'hey shall feel glad to remit many Dividends of the said Dis-
tribution: to England, Ireland, and Scotland.
The Bones (which are no Lottery Tickets) can be cashed at
every Banker's connected with Germany in every mercantile
place in the world.
