EVENING EDITION

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE EVENING PAPERS OF SATURDAY.
(From the Globe.)
The exultation of the Tory Press on the result of the
Cambridge election is as indecent as it is unbounded.; and
ought to excite disgust in the minds of all who have not
lost the sense of shame by a familiarity with corruption.
The following are the strains in which one of the Cam-
bridge oracles indulges on the occasion And now that
Sir A. Grant, a gentleman wholly unknown to the electors
of Cambridge till within the last three weeks, has carried
his election by the nacre force of his political principles,
against Professor Starkic, a townsman, a lawyer of great
talent, and, what is a stronger recommendation with the
hungry clique who take the lead in Liberalism here, a
gentleman who is not without interest in Downing-street,
and has gained the day, too, by such a noble majority, we
uppose we shall hear no more of the foul calumny that
dozens and score; of the electors of Cambridge were
seduced at the last contest from their public duty, and in-
duced, by bribery and intimation forsooth, to give thci
support to Mr. Manners Sutton!"

A. Grant, although asiranger to the electors of
Cambridge, was no stranger to its University. That ve-
nerable corporation is the Alma Mater of both the success-
ful and defeated candidate. On the former she conferred
the distinction of pieching; the latter she numbers among
her most worthy sons, and hailed him senior wrangler of his
year. The " political principles" of Sir A. Grant are of
the ultra class—he avows the most uncompromising attach-
ment to the creed of the Eldons and Castlereaghs of olden
time, when rotten boroughs flourished, and the hated name
of I?cforni was heard only in assemblies within which " ears
polite" seldom ventured, lest they should be shocked
by the discordant sound. With such powerful recom-
mendations, the heads of houses, and other influential
members of the University, were content to lose the re-
collection of Sir Alexander Grant's college disgrace ;
indeed, they most probably selected him on account of
the peculiar attractions which ignorance and bigotry
discover in each other, and by sympathy induce them to
embrace. They are members of the same family, and
ought not to be disunited. In the present instance, the
principle was active the love was in active Operation.
Bigotry supported Ignorance by all the aids which Into-
lerance had placed at her command, and Corruption's
aid was invoked to give substantial succour in the con-
test, having first obtained an assurance (hardly neces-
sary) that the obligation should be returned, if the ser-
vices rendered proved successful.
(From the Courier.)
It will be seen that the Conservative candidates at
Ludlow and Cambridge have been returned by large ma-
jorities, a pleasant practical comment on the boast of the
Ministerialists, that their unprincipled leaders possess the
confidence of the country. It is mow undeniable that the
cause of the most corrupt and incapable faction that ever
attempted to wield the power of a nation is perfectly hope-
less. We attribute much of the reaction, however, to the
disgust which the country generally entertains for adhe-
siveness to office for the sake of pelf, when all reasonable
expectations of carrying any considerable measure must
hare been extinguished long ago. The return of Sir
Alexander Grant and Mr. Botfield at this juncture is an
important event, as they will be enabled to repair the de-
fection of Lord Howiek and Mr. Charles Wood, who, it
is understood, do not intend to vote on either side in the
Committee on Lord Stanley's Bill.
(From the Standard.)
How does it happen that when no other interests are left
to" the voluntary system," the interests of religion arc to be
abandoned to the world's cold charity ? This was not the
feeling of our ancestors. They reared edifices like St.
Paul's, and built fifty churches at one time in London,
when London did not number a fourth, probably not a
fifth, of its present population ; but they lodged their
Houses of Parliament and Ministers in convenient but by
no means showy buildings, and even their princes in modest
palaces. They felt with the Royal prophet, that while the
king dwelt in cedar palaces, the worship of the King of
Kings ought not to be left exposed to the inclemency of
cli.nate, or the contempt of the scorner. What, then, is
the difference between us, and our fathers ? They built
for the interests of religion—we, for the vanity of man;
and they excelled us almost as much in the magnificence
of their works—for what can we show like St. Paul's and
Wren's fiftychurches—as their object exceeds our object
in dignity.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
( From the Times-)

Exactly as had been foreboded by the miserable ex-
Ministers who must now be designated par excellence her
Majesty's Opposition, the Conservative candidates for
Cambridge and Ludlow have been triumphantly returned;
and thus the Parliamentary Government, who, in con-
tradistinction to that of the Bedchamber, are carrying for-
ward Lord Stanley's Registration Reform Bill, have been
worthily strengthened by two additional votes. The dirty
finesse whereby the Whigs obstructed these elections for
upwards of a week, though it really does some credit to
their electioneering presentiments, has recoiled upon them
with a just retributive vengeance. In the estimation of all
impartial men, their conduct in regard to the Ludlow writ
would be enough to blast the reputation of any Ministry
that had a particle of reputation to lose.
( From the Morning Advertiser.)
This day a preliminary meeting of the Metropolitan
Anti-Corn-law Delegates, previous to Mr. Villiers's ap-
proaching motion, is to take place at Brown's Hotel. We
are quite sure that the time is come when the English peo-
ple, and especially the mercantile classes (if they do not
wish to see the foreign trade of this great commercial
country daily elapsing from their hands) must unite heart
and hand in agitating and carrying this great redeeming
measure. The game of the Tories, in worthy alliance
with the Chartists, is to disunite; and for this purpose
they insidiously pretend that the working classes will suffer
through the abolition by a more than commensurate fall of
wages. Mr. Villiers, while arguing last year for a Com—
mittee of the whole House on the agricultural question,
laid down this especial proposition, namely, that low prices
do not tend so much to the diminution of wages as to im-
part to the labouring classes a greater command over the
necessaries of life. Nothing can be more true than this
datum. The simple question is, are the manufacturers of
this great manufacturing country, nourished, we may say
created, by its former superiority in all foreign markets,
to be sacrificed and starved down to the level of a Corn-
law limited demand ?

( From the Morning Herald.)
Now let the Whig Ministers strain every nerve in obe-
dience to the commands of the tyrant demagogue of Ire.
land, to uphold the flagrant system of fraud and perjury in
that country, which Lord Stanley's Bill was framed to ex-
tirpate. Let them raise their feeble voices to second the
" Irish howl" against that measure for purifying the rotten
electoral system of Ireland—let them reveal more and more
their servile subjection, to the will of the mendicant
agitator—let them show themselves utterly abandoned
to that bad man's service in everything, and utterly death.
tute of a feeling of shame, or a sense of degradation. Such
dishenourable sacrifices, induced by a base lust for the
emoluments of office, will be as unavailing as they are pro-
fligate. Public opinion has pronounced their doom—the
moral indignation of the country rises up again' t them—the
rich, whom they have betrayed, and the poor, whom they
have oppreised, equally loathe and despise them. Every-
where the unbiassed and independent sentiments of Eng.
lishmen arc expressive of the hatred and scorn which their
paltry policy and mean vices have excited. A short re-
spite of their sentence is all that they can expect, and then
—ignominious extinction.

(From the Morning Chronicle.)
The Tories assert that the majority of the English
people are converts to their principles. Do they mean to
tell us that the majority of the English people are satislied
of the possibility of ruling Ireland upon principles which
not only the Irish people, but so large a section of the
Irish nobility and gentry, riot merely reprobate and de-
nounce as destiuctive of Irish interests, but explicitly and
peremptorily declare that they will resist to the utmost of
their power? Are the people of England such common
idiots as to think the Union maintainable by a party whose
violent and destructive policy unites the Duke of Leinster
with Mr. O'Connell in league against them ? The people
of England mill pause before they engage in a crusade in-
volving them in war not orly with the Irish masses, but
with an influential and potent section of the Irish aristo-
cracy, of whose strength we have a fair index in the seventy
noble signatures to the Leinster and Charlemont address.
They will hesitate before they assail a constitution so de.
fended. If they failed to maintain the Orange ascendancy
in Ireland from the moment that the Liberal Protestants
took the field against it, they are surely not such fools as
to expect to re-establish it, as long as the Liberal Protes-
tants remain in arms.

A HOUSE STOLEN ! Strange as it may sound
in the ears of our readers, there was actually a house stolen
from the neighbourhood of this city a few days ago. The
tenement to which we refer stood at the west end of. Fountain
Bridge, and consisted of two apartments. The former tenant
left the premises on Thursday last. On Saturday the landlord
sent a wright to make certain repairs in the interior, which
he accordingly did, and left the place about one o'clock. On
Mionday morning a mason was sent to repair some part of the
fabric ; but, to his utter amazement, he found that the house
had entirely disappeared, there being not one stone left upon
another to mark the spot where it had stood! The very hearth
stone was carried away. Information was immediately lodged
at the Police-office, but no trace has yet been discovered of the
thieves. It is perhaps unnecessary to add that the pawn-
brokers, to whise hands so many stolen articles find-their way,
are unable in the present instance to furnish any information.—
Scotsnian.

The Dart made her first voyage for Dieppe on
Saturday last, with thirty-six passengers, whom, owing to the
boisterous state of the weather, she was compelled to embark at
Shoreham ; and returned on Monday with about twenty, includ
ing Mr. Baring and family.
ANOTHER RAILWAY DEATH.—Last Sun-
day, a young man, named Athrell, was killed on ..he Brighton
and Shoreham Railway. He fell from the tail-board of one
of the luggage waggons, which had been temporarily fitted for
the accommodation of passengers. On Monday a Coroner's
jury returned the following verdict :—" Accidental death, with
a deodand of 51. on the wheels of the last carriage." The
jury also expressed an opinion " that the Company should, on
no account, permit passengers to ride on the sides or ends of
their carriages, nor convey passengers by the luggage-Tans."

THOMAS CLARKSON, Esq.—The venerable
Thomas Clarkson, in a letter to J. Sturge a few days ago, in
speaking of his intended presence in London at the approaching
anti slavery conference, says " 111 v daughter also, the widow of
my late dear son, will come with me. She has a great desire
to be at the meetings, and she takes with her her own son,
about nine years old, my grandson and only representative,
whom she wishes to attend the meetings, that he may be ini-
tiated there in the sacred cause, and ught up to succeed his
grandfather in the same pursuit."—Anti-Slavery Reporter.
CURIOUS FACT.—A Lew weeks ago a small
landed proprietor in the parish of Kirkurd, Peehlesshire, Missed
the not inconsiderable sum of 271., which he had deposited in
the case of his eight-day clock, considering that to be a place of
greater security than either his desk or drawer. The clock-
case having been regularly locked, and the key never having
been out of his own possession, he was utterly unable to conjec-
ture who the thief could be, when one day lately he discovered,
to his agreeable surprise, the missing property slowly
descend-
ing from the upper regions of the clock, attached to the hook of
one of the weights l—Scotsman.
