TO .101 IN BULL.

• , turl ington-street, ,April.l2, Ifi23.
Sin. r 1 was muzch surprised to observe it itated in your Paper
of last-I,istitlakAveeg that'"yon had heard from the publisher
that the Novel, ofi "fitEmAlN.p." was written by !tight
Hon. I CITA Itl) RYDER; and. I,immediately called on your
printer, to ,pfenest against having made such an unqualified
agsertion. o native,' „however, -having been 'taken of it-in
ydur last Number.A hasten to request you will do me the jus
rice to-correct the eiror. -my statement respecting the author,
an'tl which his own' letters justified flue in making,. was
That he was an intimate friend, both pttbiic and private, or the
[tight Honourable
,SZENCER PERCEVAL, and-had taken 3
part in the -political struggles front the time, of .Alr. PITT.
Such a- man-7-coultt Heim ordinary writer, as indeed the work
itSelf evidently proves ; and the friends f ltlr. RYDER seem
to have fixed the authorship at once on that Gentleman. The
universality -df the .repOrt inclined me also to think it might
be his—but h mentioned it- merely as a report, and it could
.scarcely be expected that I should appear ignorant of a circum-
stance regarding one of my own publications, which all the
world beside seeined to know.
From a passage in one of his recent letters, the author seems
less inclined than ever.to avow himself; and I beg to assure
•you that I am still utterly unacquainted with his real name--
I am, Sir, t'our's, Very obediently,
HENRY COLBURN•

FAVAG FEMALE_ FlGHT.—Sarah Anslow was.
committed. to Salop.gaOl, last Monday, on a Coroner's warrant,
charged with the " manslaughter of Elizabeth Dewson."A bout
a.inorith ago, the above-named individusls, who resided :It Wel-
!ntlton, had some angrywords ; blows followed ; the prisoner
being armed with a frying-pan, and the deceased with a rolling-
pm, several blows were exchan ed• The latter died a few days.

Napoii di iliiManiii,.l4l4.eing.. 1823.
•
" I out tXcelleky I—For these four years past the Greeks:,
in firm reliance o;• Divine. Providence, have defended, not
without succesS, the land of their fathers. - I say, they de-
fend the land, far they care little about the villages, houses,
ffi
and private possessions. This . has been snciently
ed in the -various incursions of the enemy, when the-Greeks,
.with equal courage' and magnanimity, have- sacrificed their
Most valuable and dearest property. They preferred free-
dom under their tents, in their vallies',. on the tops of
their mountains, to the most splendid .dwellings in slavery.
Must --not this remarkable circumstance in the history of
the defensive scar of the Greeks convince all Christian minds,
that when they began the contest for the-recovery of their rights,
with shaking off an intolerable yoke, their Sacred object was to
deliver- their faith, their country, their holy temples, the graves
of their fathers, their wives, and their children ; 'and that they
were strangers to the political views which agitated Europe.
Guided by these principles in the struggle they maintain, they
have not failed to implore the compassion of their brethren in-
Christendom, and officially to solicit the Monarchs of the Vienna
-Congress to take insulted humanity under their protection. „But
European policy, entertaining other ideaS on the principles of
our cause„ and tar from possessing a true knowledge of the Ot-
toman dynasty, would neither give credit to the writings of the
Greeks, nor hear theie groans and coMplaints ; •and resolved to
abide by a mere neutrality, which has been in soirie instances-
fatal to the Greeks. :As the Greelessdid_not attain the- object of
their public applications, they: were obliged-to exert themselves
with confidence in defending their sacred cause alone, andleave
it to time to put their motives and' principles-in a clear. light.
The Government, in fact; continued in.its system -of silence :-
and would have persevered in it, bad not a note, proceeding
from the North of Europej, obliged -it- to break silence. ThiS
note has Greece for its object,. and decides on its fate according
.to a will, which is foreign to it. it is difficult to imagine that
such a note can hays come froth a Court like that, of Russia.
:The Greeksehowever,;cannot be tieceived-respecting the exist-
ence of this note ; and the Greek Nation, is-Well-as. its Go--
vernment, whose organ I have the honour to be, in offeringlbeir •
homage to his- Britannic Majesty through-your Excelleney,"so,
lemnly declares, that they prefer .a gloribus death to the (lit:-
graceful lot intended to be imposed on them. eit is not credible
that his Britannic Majesty, 'ebb has sfiewn :Melt philanthro-
pical sentiments towards -the people of South Atherica, will
consent that the Greeks shall' be so • unworthily excluded front
the list of civilized nations. Yet the Greeks are. surely, with.
respect to their claims', in a snore 'advantageous- situation than
the South Americans. • 'They have impressed the stain') 'of dis,
grace on Turkish weakness; they have proved that they
.are worthy to be free. They do not contend against their mother
country, but against a foreign nation, Who occupied their coun-
try, and treated- their children as slaves. The Greeks; to the
astonishment of all nations, have shaken ofithe yoke of the bar-
barians ; they commenced the war without the means to carry it
on, convinced that they could not assert- their independence
without innumerable sacrifices; -they conquered fortresses,
towns, and a number Of posts which were in the boils of their
ferocious despots. In several actions- they have defeated the
numerous and formidable Turkish fleets with small Merchant-
men ; they have established laws like those of civilized na-
tions; they have formed a Government, and submitted to its
commands. (tan it now be doubted that the Greeks are worthy
of independence ? It will, doubtless, not escape his Britannic
Majesty, that Greece, when free, both by the spirit of its people
and its geographical position, may promote the interests of
Great Britain. Trade is the vital principle of civilized "nations,
and where can trade be more advantageously carried on than
'in Greece ?

" What stronger harrier against the increase of a vast Euro-
pean Power—what more favourable point for the Maintenance
of the balance of power—can England find, than -thoSe natural
bulwarks, in the midst of which Greece is, situated ? These are
indisputable- truths which time will confirm. On these grounds,
Greece, as I believe, has morally 'and Politically the right to ex-
pect every kind of aid and protection from the philanthropic Eng-
lish nation, and especially fronthis Britannic Majesty, whose ho-
nourable sentiments are universally known. It can no longer
be doubted, whether the indePendenet of Greece coincides with
the interest of the European nations ; and this circumstance is
a powerful reason that the Greek Nation should not be stripped
of its sacred rights, and that the English Nation, whOse weight
in the political balance is so generally recognized, should not be
indifferent or witness without emotion the rights of humanity,
so unjustly and so .unworthily traniPtid underfoot.
4! I have the honour, "&c%-

(Signed)

"1 RODIOS, Sec. Gen."`..

MR. CASININ-G.S ANSWER TO TICE SECRETARY-C}VERAL

OF TILE PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT, OP GREECE.

. _
_ .
• " London,lst Dec. 1824..
" Th.ejetter which you did tile the honour to write to me on
the 24th of August did outreach me till Nov. 4. It contains.the
remarks of the Provisional Government of Greece on a document
which has:been inserted in the European Journals, as a-phin for
the establishment of peace in Greece, proceeding from the Cabi-
net of St:Petersburg. it is beyond a donbt,' that the publica-
tion of this document was made wither:it' anYtuthority. lam
unable either to affirm or to deny that' it was derived froman
authentic source. The opinion of the British Government,
however, is, that any plan for the restoration of peace in the
East, proceeding from the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh' can be
drawn up only with friendly intentions towards the Greeks;
consequently that such a plan cannot have for its object either
to prescribe laws to the Greeks or to awe the Ottoman Govern-
ment, and that his Imperial Majesty of Russia, whatever might
be his intentions, would think it fit to cemmunicate any plan of
this kind to the other Powers, his Allies; before he proposed it
to the contending, parties. The Emperor has, in fact, laid be-
fore the allied ('ourts a plan, to propose at the same time to
the Porte and to the Provisional Governthent of Greece, to
suspend hostilities in order to gain- time' for amicable* media-
tion; and the British Government won-Id not have hesitated to
accede to this proposal had it beer. Made zt a proper moment.
It must not be overlooked, that the very document which so
greatly_ excited the displeasure of the Greek Government
awakened similar feelings in the Divan. While the Greeks
express an invincible abhorrence of every Convention which
should not recognize their nation?! independence, the Divan
repulses every kind of reconciliation which should not restore
'its Sovereignty over Greece. In • these dispositions of the par-
ties, there is certainly but small hope of an acceptable and
effectual mediation. If, before these opposite opinions were
.carried to extremes, at the time when the varying
chances of war seemed to give to both parties more than one ra-
tional motive for an amicable 'arrangement, Russia had pro-
poSed such an arrangement, no blame could have attached
to it, or to those who might have been inclined to take into
consideration such a plan. Theedocument, considered as a
Russian Memorial, contains the :elements (though these ele-
ments were probably not yet reduced into a positive form) of
a .pacification which it would• have been proper to corn.
municate to the beliigerent parties. If the sovereignty of the
Turks could not be absolutely restored, if the independence
of the Greeks could not be absolutely recognised (ex-
tremes incompatible with a mediation), if the mediators could
not express themselves without constituting themselves parties
in the cause, no alternative remained, but AO modify in a cer-
tain manner, and to a certain point, both the sovereignty of the
Porte and• the independence of the Greeks ; the form and
the degree of these modifications:lt eemed to bp the only questions
to be examined and solve& EaCh of the 'two parties might
certainly defeat by its protest any.- plan fOr: an arrangement,
however reasonable in its principle, or-infi)drtial in its terms ;
but now, we . know • that both' parties.aire,,Qually. resolved to
reject everyeconceivable,atrangenient, and .that the hope of a
-
successful mediation is at the. preseet moment absolutely in-'
admissible; With respect to that part of your letter in which
ca
aid
thhOasse
col
efetlhareepdro,
avni ndceosbosfe r Spanishvedth
- •11 on the British Government to assist the Greeks in
you
separated from the mother country, I must
ttilreiirr.aetlraiirmggsletolfsbfirethvianetdependence, and compare their merits and
that Great
in the contest
strictest
neutrality,
between Spain and those pro-
vinces,
and that the same neutrality, has been observed in the
war which now desolates Greece. The rights of Greece, as a
Belligerent Power, have been invariably respected; and though
the British Government was obliged, on a late occasion, to check
the excesses that took place in the exercise of its rights, we hope
that such a necessity will not again occur.
The Provisional Government of Greece may depend on the
it,oy
iftlo r_ else is e s liafn
suchfor tah eo
ne re-establishment
should
ever
continuance of this neutrality ; it may be assured that Great
Britain w;11 take no past in any attempt to impose upon it,
whose interventions taenrvdegnttliao
should the Greeks ever think it advisable to ask our media-
tion,rnasn wouldtee s
we will offer it to the Porte ; and if it is accepted, we will
be of
proposed.. oe apcoes ecdo. n t raß
ruyt
neglect nothing to make it effectual, in concert with the other
tPh°ewaerirsa arrangement
oninion, all that can be reasonably required of the British
facilitateira b i l ity.
Ministers. They have not to reproach themselves with hay-
.theTchoint,siinonouorf
ing directly or indirectly excited the Greeks to begin their
enterprise, or with having afterwards in any manner impeded
its progress. Connected as we are with' the Porte by existing
friendly relations and by ancient treaties which the Porte has
not violated, it can not certainly be expected that England should
take part in a contest which that power has not provoked, and
which does not concert) us.
I hope; Sir, that what 1 have had the honour to represent
to you will remove every kindofsuspicion or reproach

-Scrip
11525 2* pm.
Buenos A yres-Bils ... 914 904
Colotilbi:an Ms. 6 per ct. ... 91
Do.. . do. 1824 • 89,1 90
Danish, 5 per cent. -
I)o. Scrip
.3 dig.
(;reek Bds
Do. Scrip, 1825
lexical) Bd ' ' • -78 N
Do. Scrip 18.25 ...04a pm.

ti D AT otn O'CLOC6.
(2:Ulan, 134, 6 .per ct .......
Pertivian Ttonds . ..... ;.. •
Neapolitan, 5 per cent. •••
Neapolitan Scrip ........••••901
Portuguese Bouds ......
Prussian, 5 per ct. .........
Ditto New ................
yak
Russian. Ne 4, 5 per
Spaniali 1821 5 per ct••••
1 123' ........... :; j.• .......
French Rente3 101 i IV,.
Excliange .. • ... ••-•
Scrip . . ............. •••

PRICES OF SfIARES AT ONE O'CLOCK. re,
pis' i
r . 0
Anglo-Mexican Mining Company ... . .... .
A rigio-Chilian Mining Company
Anglo-Peruvian Mining Association
.. 1 17'6 131
_Chilian Mining Company.
,
Colombian Mining Company ............................... .. ,IP
Chilian and Peruvian Company ................. : ......... ,
isp,
Cornwall and Devonshire Mining Company .... Ii 0 11
GeneralPasco eArti%niianng' i1AiL50ibcgia.tci0cani11ian.y.........................2.i..2..ii
531
Tlalpuxahua Mining Company ..............................
no 31)
New United. Mexican Mining Company ............... nit
Alliance Fire And 'Life Assurance Company
... ....... 4'
Guardian Assurance CoMPany
Atlantic • and Pacific - ,
Australian CoMpany
.
British Iron Company ......................... '. :. .......... 1,4.2 i
British Rock and Patent Salt Company
Hibernian Joint Stock Banking Company .....
Honduras Company' r 4,411
Imperial Plate-Glass Company . '4I 31 441
Imperial Distillery Company
Mexican Company ,
. I
Metropolitan A lderneyDairy Company ..............
~ .. . i
Metropolitan Fish Company. ' .................. ................ I!
Peruvian .Campany. ...., 9$
Rio tie la Plata Agricultural Company
ar. fre.
ship..,
Canada Building Company
Pacific Pearl Fishery Company •• • o,}

ARDIVED.

I)C°'
0
