STROUD, DEC. 10.

The first election for Members for this borough under the
Reform Bill began this morning, with a spirit which shows
that the people are alive to the importance of the right they
have acquired. The hustings were erected on an unfinished
building close to the George Inn, and a large space of ground
;t h there
supporterscou l could notof belr less
n i thanard o
His estate is within a few miles
nicedot'mpanied by a great many of his
s
a gentleman of landed property in the neigh-
4toi nf"n beingtfa
rhnoet mountedor' trt
awswi ad f andrcieoonmn personsdphsl,e thorseback.weplamongayr se sfiaecl
whom he appears to be very popu-
1a r . The others, and certainly the favourite candidates, are
3biortirnodH,. Hyett,anative of the place, and who has always dis-
tinguished himself as an able advocate of liberal opinions, and
Mr. G. Poulett Scrope, a brother of the Vice-President of the
Board of Trade. The latter gentleman has been brought for.
ward by the manufacturers (who think they ought to have the
principal share in returning Members for a manfacturing dis-
trict), as a man acquainted with trade and commerce, and
qualified, from his connexions and habits of business, to sup.
port their interests in Parliament.
Soon after 10 o'clock the nomination took place, and the
three candidates having been proposed and seconded, they
severally addressed the people; and it is worthy of remark,
that they each professed Whig principles, and pledged them-
selves to use their utmost exertions to follow up the great work
of Reform by voting for retrenchment, the repeal of all taxes
upon industry and knowledge, the commutation of tithes, the
education of the people, and the abolition of the corn
laws and of colonial slavery. Their supporters also professed
the same sentiments; and one and all expressed the utmost
confidence in the present Government, and their joy at the
breaking up of the oligarchical influence.

On the show of hands the majority W;.; three or four to one
in favour of Mr. Scrope and Mr. Hyett, but a poll being de-
manded for Mr. Ricardo, it was appointed to begin at five dif-
ferent places in t 4; district on the following day. The contest

will probably be 41 very °loge one, anti, as it is tattiOV at a
personal than a political nature, It is not astonishing that It
should be carried on with some zeal and some acrimony. In
the course of the proceedings to-day several skirmishes took
place among the people, principally owing to some carts and
carriages forcing their way through the crowd, and being urged
on by some of them in order to dislodge Mr. Ricardo's horse_
men, who distinguished themselves (somewhat injudiciously)
by forming a close phalanx in front of that part of the hustings
where he stood. Upon the whole, however, there was as little
violence as could be expected at a popular election, and a great
deal of good humour and kind feeling.
