IMPERIAL PA,RLIAME*T.

HOUSE QF LORDS, FRIDAY, MAY 12
The Marquis of CAatnew presented Petitions from Islington,
Kentish Town, Clerkenwell, Holloway, taid the Trustees of the
amide* Town Road, against the Metropolis Road-Bill.—Laid
on the table.

The Duke of NitweAsTi.t plisented Similar Petitions from the
parish of St. John's, Hackney, and front those of .Mery4e-bone
and Kilburn.—Laid on the table.

IVEST INDIA COLONIES.

The Duke of AIONTROSE held a Petition from the-Bankeri,
Merchants, and riihibitants of the City of Glasgow, connected
with the West Indies, complaining of the losses which they had
sustained, anll the unsettled state of property in the Colonies, in
consequence of the measures in contemplation for the emancipa-
tion of slaves.- He should move that the Petition should be read
at tut:length, in order that their Lordships should know what the
Petitioners conceived might be adopted foe their relief. At the
same time, he should not pledge himself tri, support their Wishiso'
ufirels the measures which should be prop!yecl abotiltl appear to
hiltf likely to prot4 really injurious to their interests.
Tits Petitionieas thea react `and laid on the table.

The LORD-CHANCELLOR had a similar Petition tO'pre-
sent from the City of Edinburgh, and although every man wished
to are a termination put to Slavery, he was one of those that
thought 'such an event could only be brought about by a course of
gradual and temperate measures; and he also thought that the
s►red end was delayed by the' intemperanq of some of thirstwho
advocated the abolition of Slavery. If any interference with the
prosperity of the Petitioriers 'should take place, he did uot think it
consistent with British justice to overlook their claims, which
merely 'asked for a compeuution, for any losses which they might
The Petition was then laid on the table.

Lord CALTHORPE said, the best answer wind& be that'ion.:
tamed in a Petition he, had then to proem- from NortUllertun.--
te
the Petitiou*clutrged the Abolitionist* with a nigh in ntion to
Act-nntpli-h Etnaucipation suddenly, In the petition* he had to
I..yi.er of Emancipation, the prayer W 44 for gradual
.I.4Alli,arol. slavery.:. Tilv•Dtuije Lord accordingly pliseutvd Pe-
