No. I 1 ,84,5

This day were published, neatly bound, price only 4s. em.
brllished with Portraits of Francis 1., Henry IV.
Louis XIV., and Marie Antoinette,

HisToßrc ANECDOTES of
FRANCE Forming the Second Volume of the
JUVENILE LIBRARY.
Co'burn and Bentley, New Burlington-street.
01 whom may he had,
Vol. I, containing the LIVES of REMARKABLE
YOUTH of B9TII SEXES, with four heautiful Ent-
bellishmenti.

SIXTH EDITION OF THE "CABINET LAWYER.''
Revised ald enlarged, in One 'Vol. Ifirno. Bs. 6d. hoards,
and comprising the New Acts of the II George IV. and
I WiHim IV., and Legal Decisions to the Summer
A,sizes,

THCABINET'LAWYER ; or a PO-
PULAR DIGEST of the LAWS of ENGLAND;
with a Dictionary of Lew Terms, Maxima, Acts of Par-
liament, and Judicial Antiquities; correct Tables and
Assessed Taxei, Stamp Duties, Excise Licenses, and Post
Horse Duties ; Post Office Regulations, Rates of Por-
terage,, Turnpike Laws, Corn Laws, Prison Reg,uhtions,
&c.: presenting. a clear and complete Exposition of the
whole Civil, Criminal, and Constitutional Law of Eng-
land as now administered.

Printe 1 for W. Simpkin and R. Mashall, Stationers'
lial.eourt, Ludgate-street.

This thy was published, with Engravings and Map, ss.
No. XV. of THE FAMILY LIBRARY,
being the HISTORY of BRITISH INDIA, Vol. 1.

By the Rev. G. R. GLEIG, F.R.S.
Also, nearly ready,
No. XVI. bring LETTERS on DEMONOLOGY
and WITCHCRAFT, by Sir WALTER SCOTT, Bart.

In a few days, ss.

The FAMILY DRAMATISTS, No. IL, being Vol.
11. of the WORKS of PHILIP MASSINGER, illus-
trated with Explanatory Notes; and adapted to the use
of Families and Young Persons, by the omission of ex
ceptionable passages.
John Murray, Albemarle-street.

COLONEL HAWKER ON SHOOTING.-SIXTH
FDITION.

This thy was published, in Bvo. 18s.- cloth hoards, enlarged
and improved, with 30 Plates and Wood-cuts,
INSTRUCTIONS to YOUNG SPORTS-
-a_ MEN in ull that relates to Guns and Shooting;
atierence between the Flint and Percussion System ;
Preservation of Game ; Getting Access to all Kinds of
Birds; Specific Directions, with new Apparatus, fur
Wild Fowl Shooting., both on the Coast and in Fresh
Water ; New Directions for Trout Fishing ; and Advice
to the Young Sportsman on other Subjects.
By Lieut.-Colonel P. HAWKER.

" Colonel Hawker is one of the hest shots in England,
and his Instructioni to Sportsmen' the very hest hook we
have on the subject."—Blackwood's Magazine, August,
1830.

Printed for Longman, Beeß, Orme, Brown, and Green,
London.

SIR EVERARD HOME'S WORKS.
This day was published, in Svu. price 53. bds.

A SHOII.I"FRACT on die FORMA-
TION of TUNIOURS, and the Pectiliarities that
are met with in the Structure of those that have become
Cancerous ; with their mode of Treatment.

By Sir EVERARD HOME, Bart, V.P.R. S. F.S.A.
F.L.S. Sergeant-Surgeon to the King, &c. &e.
By the same Author,

LECTURES on COMPARATIVE ANATOMY, In
6 vols. 4to. with Engravings, 181. 18a. Ws.; large paper,
27/. 6s.

OBSERVATIONS on the TREATMENT of STRIC-
TURES in the URETHRA and (ESOPHAGUS. 3
vole. fivo. 1/. 61. 6d.

OBSERVATIONS on the TREATMENT of DIS-
EASES of the PROSTATE GLAND. In 2 vols. evo.

/ 66. bdr.
Printed fur Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, and Green.

TO THE GENTRY, CLERGY, AND FREE-
HOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF ESSEX.
ortertatstan,
FLECTED now for the fifth time to be one
1 of your Represent dives in Parliament, I promise you
I will not dishonour your choice. I ventured to tell you
from the hosting*, and I repeat it in this address, which I
will endeavour to circulate from one end of the kingdom to
the other, that I confidently believe the country at large will
sanction with their approbation the choice you have male.
In the exercise of the elective franchise, those who enjoy it
have a duty to perform hardly less important than that of
the men they elect : they are bound by every tie which the
love of country impresses upon an upright mind to he most
careful and discreet in their choice : the people of England
sit in ju lenient upon the propriety with which each hotly
of electors pirform that ditty, and judge them in great
measure by their representatives. I have ever been deeply
impressed with this view of the duty and of the situation of
the electors as well as the elected, and have felt therefore
not only the wt ight of responsibility which attaches upon
me generally as a Representative of the People, but have
considered myself so far more strictly your Representative,
that by me you would yourselves in a degree be judged
and your conduct estimated, and with this impression con-
tinually upon my mind, I ever have most anxiously sought so
t.) act upon ell occasions as might enable me to do you the
most complete justice. That I have, notwithstanding, in-
curred the displeasure of many of you, the severe contest in
which I have been engaged is a proof; but I must take
the liberty of telling those who opposed me that their op-
position has not for one moment disturbed that perfect is-
titration of mind which a thorough consciousness of rectitude
inspires, and which never fails a man under any circumstances,
however trying. I shall leave to those who oppose the
the task of reconciling to their own minds the justice
and propriety of their conduct, and shall turn to
the grateful duty of thanking those friends who have
triumphantly carried me through, assuring them alit the
extraordinary zeal and attachment they have shewn in so
many ways, will he a lasting source of happiness to me,
and more than compensates the defection of political
friends whose support I did imagine I had earned by the
long and persevering struggles in which I have been
engaged for the furtherance of those principles they profess,
and which they know I have ever maintained with unde-
viating sincerity.
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your faithful and obedient servant,
Felix Hall, Aug. 24,, ISM CHARLES C. WESTERN.

...
\•-___-
)
,---7
, .
.Ik",-,...- • ,i; , ;:,)
ter li`*„.i),AS • 4,, ,
.....
_,......- (...
4‘,.•• ..
/141ei..1.4; o!-,,..'-",;,.. g -..--F.: o_, II;
~,,1,- .-.72re , -
•
• A
it , •f ' *maw/ ',/ ' .44.‘70
..57,,0 ' ... 11,,,, ‘.... ' ,r,,,,,siiii,
~,,, \ ...- _ . t , . .
...gvalprenti), ,
. , . - 4 , •
I, '.‘
V % ( t...' t. 47,1 ' • . •4>r:P• ....i' i,,1 \ i , I. . ' • hk , , • • liri.•-•-t 7,-- -.•--- 44 ' ''''t •IN \'' '.— : .
• ._ :.,,,,,,45.,•\ ;%•.• • ' '', ;,,,k *7 ...,,,. '
~.„, ''
~....; ''''' .-, ".... ',,
41)
( qr 11. , t• `'.oo' f) •,44 f oPk '44-4' , F,-
...._..,,,,,,..„
re// ,*" ,
N. P "‘V '-' ' %." .40° ir or c*-: 10, ' . 91' ~..,"..,
Itenalg'./ -s, . )''
' ',,ps• ' ',* l! ---ic.IQ ' iii /.: , 1_) • ,
1 ST-fi,l ,-
,
t 1 1 ..
-.
' ; : ; 1116144iliti' till
'''
' '''l
(1
) J\
' 1L
(- 4 i'l' ! 1' i' „-11,1 VI

FRANCE.

relations With Penne*. ' The expulsion of the new
Stuarts was foreseen' for 'a long time by all ,the Ca-
binets of Europe, and, different Ambassadors have
continually predicted to their respective courts that
event as inevitable. Thus, on the receiving the
famous ordinances, the unanimous exclamation in
Russia, Prussia, Germany, and Italy, Wes " the
Bourbons are lost," The Emperor Nicholas, long
since informed, through the correspondence of Pozzu
di I3orgo, who was well acquainted with our internal
state,—die Emperor Nicholas, whose alliance our
blind Government so impoliticly deserted, does not
dream or sending a single soldieregainst us. Some
years ago, the King of Prussia, on being pressed by
the Emperor Alexander to state his opinion respect-
ing the future state of the Bourbons, replied,—
" You really wish I should explain myself.' Very
well ! My opinion is, that that dynasty can never
keep in France with the cortege of emigrants, who
want to usurp all influence and take possession of
every thing." The same Prince never ceases de-
claring, " I have always foreseen the ruin of that
family : Events justify my predictions." What are
the present sentiments of the Emperor-of Austria ?
It teas attempted to awaken in him a desire to wage
war upon ns,but he soon put an end to those impudent
suggestions. " No; eo,' said he, " I shell net wage
war. I have experienced too nitich'trOuble from the
French ; I will not begin again to 'Module With them
and cieate in my old age fresh embarrassments."
The other Courts of Germany have the same senti•
ments as Austria. The Portuguese and Spanish
Goveinments have too many oubarressments of
their own to think of disturbing our political rege-
neration. At Piedmont and Naples trunipiillity is
the order of the day. The conduct of England to-
wards the de!hroned family proves that country
wishes to let them finish in obscurity an existence
which might have been happy and glories:is, but
which is now dishonoured,
" It is worth while istiding,'that the 6oice of the
Duke of Orleans for King heat obtained the assent of
all Cabinet'. Besides, they ere aware,,from the
character of the elect of the .nation, what he could
do at the head of a generous people, it reviving
liberty should be imprudently attacked in the midst
of triumph.
(From the Mositeur of August St —NonsOtfielsl Part.)
• " Paws, Atm 26.
" It was certain that Messrs. de Laval Montmo-
rencv, la Tour-du-Pin, Saiut Priest, Blecas,
d'Agout, Lemoussaye, and Vitrolles, have ceased to
be Ambassadors or Ministers at London, Turin,
Madrid, Naples, Hague, Berlin, Florence, and in
Switzerland.
" Count de Bourmoat writes from the Combs,
under date of Aug. 17, to Marshal Count Gerard,
Minister of War,"fhe army and the fleet have
hoisted to-day the tri-coloured flag. The troops
have laid aside the white cockade, they will assume
the new colours as semi as all the corps can do so
at the same time.'
" The official part of the lioniieur contains
several Royal Ordinances, among which are—
" I. According to which the Pantheon is to be
restored to its primitive and legal destination. The
inscription, a Ara Grand Romines Iry Pattie recon-
noissante,' shell he restored on the pediment. The
remains of the great men who shell have deserved
well of the country shall 'be deposited there.
" 2. Decrees that a commission shall be au.
pointed
to be granted to, Frenchmen who distil -
g
rit en tscorporations, receive
from h
andro individuals, ivi civilu as" u.
, a military
pplications for
cause
im
the
themselves 2
7 27th,
21 by r devotion
t3th, n
(i 2
g, tly.ll
Therili 0:4l
11!
lannidlayegigGilltlowdait;gthe a it
publicationon ofafterwards the Commission will make its repo, t,
garetohe
the made
ordinance, ist he eight
according to which the recompenses will be dt-

l'iticF 71).

CHAMBER OF DEPIMES, Aua. `,3 ti.

" No letter of resignation was read to-day. The
order of the day was the discussion of a project of a
law to grant the !Moister of the Interior a vote of
credit of 5,000,000 for carrying on public works.
" M C. Dupin said, of the 5,000,000 it was pro-
posed to set as►de two and a half for architectural
works in Paris. He should prefer to see fathers of
families and residents in the city employed before
those who had flowed in from the departinents
Of the remainder of the sum he proposed that
300,000 frolics should be laid out in the eneourage-
, ment of primed works, and rewarding those men
who had rendered such great service to their
country, by standing foremost to oppose the de-
struction of national liberty. Instead of offering re-
wards to those who invented plans to supersede the
manual work of labourers, he would prefer the more
humane system of rewarding those who discovered
fresh means of employing the workman's hands
which were now so much deprives! of their ac-
customed occupation. He also advocated the pro-
priety of making the workmen who had come in
from the departments go back again; and asserted
that his proposition was not inconsistent with liberty
or good order.
" M. Peton supported the vote, which he thought,
as the subject was a very delicate one, should puss
without further discussion. He could not see the''
propriety of drawing a distinction between the
workmen domiciled at Paris, and those who belonged
to the departments.
M. Mestadier vehemently protested against the
distinction which bad been made between the work-
men of Paris, and the workmen of the departments.
The only difference that existed between them was,
that the latter were poorer than the former.
" M. Viennet—No one dreams of making any
distinction between the two classes.
" Several voices---‘ To the vote! to the vote !'

" M. de Briqueville—Enough on that point.

move the previous question.
" M. Mestadier conreeded that he was in order,
and added that to the Government alone belonged
the credit of suggesting means to force the ►workmen
of the departments, unemployed at Paris, home again.
" bl. C. Dupin ran to the tribune amidst deafen-
ing cries for a division. Not being able to make
himself heard, he folded his arms and stood at the
tribune.
" M. Gaetan de la Roebefoucauld—President,
put the question to the vote.
" The President—You are not in possession of
the house, M. de Rochefotteauld. M. Dupin wishes
to speak in explanation.
'' M. Dupin said he had been accused of making a
distinction between the two classes of workmen. All
be said was, that he should like to see the sum pro-
posed to be voted expended upon the domiciled
workmen, in preference to those belonging to the
departments.
" Number of voices—' That is precisely ►what is
considered dangerous.'
" M. Dupin returned to his scat, and conversed
with great animation with one or two members.
" The division then took place by ballot. Num-
ber of voters, 220.
White hall►
" Black balls

" The project was adopted.
" A discussion respecting a project of law for re
during to a fixed duty of two francs, the registration
of the deeds for loans upon depots, or mercantile
consignments. After much debate the project was
adopted.

"M. Demareay brought forward a proposition for
appointing as many commissions for examining the
laws concerning the finance, as there were minis-
terial offices. The discussion of the project was
fixed for Monday.
" Several inhabitants of Metz petitioned for mo-
difications of the existing laws respecting the press,
and for the organization of the National Guards."
(From the Journal des Debuts. )

" M. Girod (de l'Ain) has just published the fol
lowing ordinance concerning the meetings and cot&
lions of the workmen :

" We, Councillor of State and Prefect of Police,
" Seeing that great numbers of workmen have
paraded, under various pretexts, the streets of the
capital for: several days past, and believing that, if
faithful to the sentiments which animate the heroic
population of Paris, they commit no act of violence,
the►r meetings more or less tumultuous, constitute of
themselves a serious evil, alarming peaceable citi-
zens, and tending to shake the confidence which the
French nation owes the Government, formed by it
and for it; that these meetings cause the workmen
a serious loss of time and labour, at a time When
large public manufactories are open ; and finally,
that they may afford the means of disorder, of which
the evil-disposed would not fail to take advantage;
" • Seeing that the maintenance of order and pub-
lic safety, confided to our responsib►lity, imperiously
demands that such a state of things should ceaseonal
that the workmen of Paris, if they have any just re-
monstrances to make, should do so individually iii
the regular form to the competent authorities, who
are always engaged in devising means for the pros
prity of industry;
" It is hereby ordered, according to Art. to of
the decree of Government, 12 Messidor, year V 111.,
which provides that the Prefect of Police shall
take the necessary measures to prevent or disperse
meetings and riotous assemblies, menacing public
" ' 1. That no person shall! meet or assemble in
the public streets under any pretext whatever.
That no workmen shall conspire to prevent
another working or going to his work, at proper time,
or in general to suspend, impede, or raise the wages
of labour.

" 3. That no request for our interference :'be-
tween master and wolkmatt, on the subject of fix.
ins the salary, or of the length of the duy's work,
or of the choice of workmen, will be allowed, as
being in opposition to the laws which have conse-
crated the prneiple of freedom of trade.
" That the Commissaries of Police, the Chief
of the Central Police, the peace-officer, the over-
seers of the Prefecture of Police, the National
Guard, and other military bodies, insure, by every
means in their power, the execution of the preSent
ordinance, which shall be printed and posted about.
" 6. That all persons acting in violation of this
ordinance shall be immediately carried before the
tribunals, to be punished according to law.
(Signed) 0 A. OIROD Ole

" We need not remark on the wisdom and im-
portance of this ordinance. It- is by such measures,
by language at once parmking of energy and bene-
volence that a magistrate shows himself the true
friend of the people, and usefully protects their in-
terest. 'I he people will emend to the voice which
exposes to them the perils into which they are likely
to be drawn by concealed instigators, who are
nothing but vile conspirators, sworn to effect their
humiliation and slavery, and who now CfideUVOUr to
revenge themselves on their conquerors by attempts
to seduce them to the commission of acts contrary
to law, and consequently to- the well-being of the
bravo and industrious population of Paris.
(From the Constitationud,)

termined.
" General Fabvier, Commandant of Par's, is
President of this Commission.
" 3. Decrees that the institution of the Bed of
Admiralty having been found to realize hopes that
were entertained of it, his Majesty' has resolved to
maintain the institution, and to place it in a, con-
dition to contribute more and more to the improve-
ment of the entwine.
" following persons are appointed Meiohe
of the Board:—
" Baron Duperri, Admiral mad Peer if ?reale!,
" Count de Rigor. Vice-Admiral.
" Count Jacob, Viae-Admirsl•
" Bergeret, Rear-Admiral.
" Baron Hou.ein, ditto.
"Baron Tupinier, Director of the Ports.
" Butt:mint, Trearerer.
" M. Boucher, Inspector of the Doek-yord,, is
appointed Secretary to the Board of Admiralty.
" 4. Louis-Philip, &c. &c.
" On the report of our Keeper of the Seals :
" Considering,, that if the execution of some
laws has been temporarily suspended by the urgency
of events, it is necessary, now that order and peace
are every where reviving, to separate with precision
the past from the present, and to fix the period
when all the laws--even those which it may be
thought necessary shOrtly to modify—must resume
their authority.
" 4 We have ordained as follows—
" Art I. Our ordinance of the 2d of August,
which declares that condemnations pronounced for

" Every thing announces that foreign Powere, fur
from hen% disposed to take in hand the came of the
dynasty of the Botubonq, aro eager to recognize•
King Louis-Philip, and continue their accustomed

transgressions of the Press in political matters,.shall
cease to have effect, shall be applied to condemna-
tions pronounced fur infractions of • the laws, oa..
nsinco, and regulations, relative to the stamping
and publicationl of journals and periodical writings,
placards, engravings, and lithographs.
" 2. The prosecutions commenced for such in-
fractions, committed up to this day, shall be die.
continued.

" • 3. From this day forward, and till the laws
and regulations mentioned in the Ist article shall be
changed, our Attornies-Genersl and our attornirs in
the civil tribunitla shall sea to their execution.
" • S. Louis Philip, &e.
" On the report of our Keeper of 'the Seals,
and with the advice of our Council of Ministers,
" • Considering that it Is just and urgent to atop
the effect of political condemnations anterior to the
glorious days of the 27th, 28th, and Stith of July last,
" • We hare ordained—

Art. I. The judgment., derision', and de-
meg, passed either in France or in the colonies by
the Royal Courts, the Courts of, Assixe, the Cri-
minal Court., the Prevotal Courts, Military font.
missions, Courts Martial, and Jurisdictions Ordi.
nary and Extraordinary, on aeoount of political
causes, shall cease to have effect.

"' 2. The persons affected by such judgment*.
decrees, and decisions, shall regain the exercise of
their civil and political rights without prejudice to
the rights of third persons. Those who are confined
by virtue of the said decrees, judgments, and de-
cisions, shall be immediately sit at liberty. Those
who are absent from France shall apply to our
nearest ambassadors or diploaratie and consular
agents, who wilt deliver them passports to return
to France.
$ S. The public treasury shall not be bound to
make
4.
ave
oyhTreerleijigse:,ci
ptoAurnotirieso4eelicrlrnusoe,tri(
ae,nineilti Istwi‘i(:),riate:en
are
xiaeyeciiiiaht
of the
commenced for the costs mentioned in the let
as far as
ion
article shall be considered null.
Our Ministers of Justice, Matine, and
C;o-
-lonics,
present ordinance.

(From the Menage). dee Chambree of Saturday )
" PARIS, Alia.
tt A telegraphic despatch, received at Bordeaux on
the 23d, by General Janin; announces that French
vessels, bearing the tri-coloured dig, are rtor., re-
ceived in all the volts of Spain.
" The acknowledgment of the eottstitutionul Re-
gency of TerCelt* retrial' to be devilled upon, it is
affirmed that it take place in u very few days.
" Messrs. Peyronnet, Chantelaute, and Cinsrnon
Renville arrived at Vineetinea this toorningiescorted
by the National Huard* of Toot's.
" St, tiny woo Cartante to a 'Vans
, rzerith
pleasingiannet at ealaitr, thu itognite arra
