POLICE.

AIANSION-HOUSt. --Yesterday John Roberts
was brOught to the Justice Room, at the Mansion
Hou"se, for examination, charged on suspicion of
being concerned in several fbrgerie.s upon different
bankers. He was - affended by a Solicitor and
Counsel ; but the LORD MAYOR being obliged to
attend- a Court of COMmon Council, the examina-
tion was 'put off to a future day'. The prisoner
displayed the 'sane forward conduct
.as' when
he was admitted a Kirig's evidence against Armi-:

tage

GUILDFIALL.--'YCSt erday the Inquest Jury•of the
Ward of FarringdonWithin , brought a great quan-
tity of bread before the Sitting Alderman, which
they 'had seized at a 'baker's sh bp in their Ward,
deficient of weight, according to the present stan-
dard. The bread being weighed, it Was found
considerably deficient, for which the Alderman,
after severely reprobating, the practice, convicted
the offender in the penalty of half-a-crown for
everyOuirce tleticient ; and wished the circuntstance
migilt he pUblisheci in the nemtpapers, as a warn-
ing to other*..

W(NRSH following persons, sns-
pedted of being:; col eerned in various act:; of rob-
bery, &c. underwent .exitinination yesterday, viz.
if. Moss, E. IlloOme „ and J. Noriiian. Norman
was taken on *Wednesday evening, Q 4 Ealing
Common, by Bishop and the two Aymstrongs.—
Ile Was on horseback, armed with a brace of .dou-
ble-barrelled pistols; loaded. Muss 'and Roome
wertF,,apprehended bY the same officers last week,
rgq eliad, in the ant instance, with breaking into
`dnd robbing the .liouse'efl\ir. Johnson, a linen-
draper, at Watford, in September, 1811.
Eviderree respecting the robbery Was heard, but
it did not appear that either of the, prisonerS were
identified as parties concerned.
.stbe nrisonerS7Nornian -and Noss were-. nest
brthtght up for examination, Charged with break-
ing into and robbing the house of Odder,
Esq. near Uxbridge, in the Autumn of 1811, but
remanded for farther 'exathination.

LONDON Prltitcti 1?), THOMAS WOOD;. Of No. 35, Maiden-lane, Covent-garden 7, anti
At the SUN' OIFIOE, No. 1.12, Strand, where Advertisements„ Orden: to

spzili
,REPORT.

' OF TAE.
AFRICAN INSTITUTION..

EXTRACT FROM THE REPORT OF THE* COMMIS-=,

SIONEAS OF AFRICAN INQUIRY.

1. SLAVE TRADE.

" The death of one of the Commissioners early
'in the.e:Necutihn of our duty, and .the long ski:-
ness • and consequent debility.of another, prevent
our going, so much into ,detail as might have been
originally intended, and compel us to confine our
report to a more general view of the subject.
" A, general view will, howe-ver, be amply suf.:
ficient in the present state of timings, until the en,
tire and effectual abolition of the Slave Trade shall
have affom:dA to the natives, of Africa a fair op
portunity of ihewing,
,Whethe-r.personal, security
will stimulate them to any exertion for the im-
provement of their condition ; or, whether they
will persiS't in-,submitting ,to no labour, fartlier
than to that small portion necessary.for the :cul-
tivat!--on
aiof the lowest articles of human i.:l9sten,
• r .
211 Ce.

This
.question,• we are, sorry to say, is still far
from being flirty at issue, not with.stauding. the en;.'
actments of the Briti.h and American legislatures:
and the benevolent interferences of thelecutive
Government, and of numerous individuals in the
fOrmer country. The slave .Trade is at present
carried on, to a vast extent ;T and as the continua-:
tiOn or suppression of this in.htunan traffic, ap-
pear!, to be the great hinge on which the future
'welfare of Africa turns, we shall„begiaiwith stat:
ingits present condition, acid the,obstacles which"
prevent, and
_probably will long prevent, its being_
put an- end to.
This trtfle havinf4 been carried on principally
by the Eng:1;S!) before the abolition toolt
`vast diminution of the usual:thirriber-Orships thus'
employed imineijiately follow,ed the passing of the
laws for that. purpose; and as4merica had passed
some severe laws to- tlyr. same eftlct; tt was. Tea;-,
sonably hoped, -both in England and-Africa, that
a mortal blow hadibeen;struck apqibsitthis traf*,
as the only two great Maritime pcpie who copld
effectually carry it on, bad now, according.to all -I
appearance, willingly abandoned it.

.7 ‘rflie natives themselves began to entertain
the_sarne opinion ,the slaves which were brought
down-from the interior remained unsold, and were
either sent back to the imvrior, or gradually dis-
persed as domestre slaves. As far as'oar. inquiries
have been able to discover, none of them were.
murdered in this part of Africa.
" A cessation of the trade.did indeed take, place
hit- several Months ; blit, this spacetwas much too
short to afford any, criterion whereby to judge
of the future indoleuee,or exertions of die Afri:,
cans, .in the event of the Slave Trade being elfec-
tually done away.
" The great ad ,-antages to be derivetl from oc-
cupying the openings _thus left on the coast of
Affirm, by, the.retreat of the English, were soon
perceived by the American's, particularly those of
the Southern States, vr;io,
_setting the laws of
their, country at defiance, have boldly engaged to
an immense extent in the trade, covering their ves-
sels by a -fictitious sale at the Havanna,.Teneritfe,:
Or any other of the Spanish colOnies, -Where they
are easily
,furrikshed with false, papers.,.. Lately,
this scheme has been extended,. in a small degree,
to Madeira and :the Azores : the paltry island of
St. Bartholomew also prostitutes the Swedish flag
. to similar purposes..

". But the Spanish flag is generally preferred,
and covers not only the Americans, but also (there
is great reason to 'believe) a considerable number
of vessels actually British prOperty. The Ameri-
can master and:crewgerterally continue on board
after the, nominal transfer, and
.two foreigners,
under the denomination of captain and supercargo,
are added to the ship. It frequently lrapnems this
nominal captain is some poor lad who has never
been at sea before, but whose.services to carrythe
papers can be had cheqp.
" The object of these Spanish Americans is to
fill Cuba, Florida,/Louisiana, and the, southern
desarts of .North America with slaves_; an extent
Of evil, compared. with which the former supply
of our "kirst India settlements sinks into a trifle :
a vast field is also. opcniir: to them in South Ame-
rica, which :will not he neglected. -A letter (taken
in one 'of the vessels lately condemned, at Sierra
Leone) from a principal merchant at Buenos,
Ayres, to his correspondent at Philadelphia, ex-
presses ilk' 'astonishment ,at the supineness of the
Americans in not carrying thither cargoe's of
slaves, seeing how much they are wanted.
BY the aaturrin of 1809 the coast of Africa
swarmed with vessels thus equipped and document-
ed ; and it was not until the arrival of a small,
Squadron of his Majesty's vessels early in the
next year, that any interruption could be given
to their proceedings. •

" Even then ninny doubts arose as to the lega-
lity of their detention; hut the o►rcer command-
ing the squadron bring resolved to put the busi-
,ness to the test, several of them ‘vere seized and
condemned hi the Court )of Vice-Acimiralty nit
Sierra Leone_ ; since Which, the decision of the
Privy Connell, in the case of the Amedie, (deliver-
ed by, Sir William Grant) seems to. leave little
doubt aS. to the legality of these sentences..
" Most of these captures have been•made on
the coast aucl rivers adjacent to Sierra. Leone ; it
'being judged to be an object of primary import-
ance to. remove (if possible) such: an obstacle
to improvitinent front, the peighbOurhooa of that
settlement. • . , ,

" Some of these vessels had, :not, yet _received
their slaves op hoard; but their, capture had ne-
vertheless deprived the slave dnAessof the means
of carrying off about 281P;Afr,kcans ;, and out of
other captures 471 men, 196 women, and 421- chil-
dren have been, released from slavery. A consi-
derable number of the nearest and dearest kindred;
husbands and wives,, parents and children, brothers
and sisters, who had' been ;kidnapped or stolen at
various times, and put on board different vessels,
have been thus • unexpeqedly restored to each‘othar•
at Sierfa Leone;- and 'whenever. any of them have
desired to return to their own country, and such re-
turn has been deemed practicable, they have been al-
lowed to do so; being first provided.with a paper
under the hand and seal of the Governor;- certifying

['ublished by WILLIAM AILMIGETI •SCRIPPS, South Molt
the Paper, Lelters for the Editor; &c. (post igtid),'
