NAVAL NEWS.

r
,;:.

PottTsmoUva, -Arrived tin (Say tile
, &firms t Gun-brig, ,Lieu t. ITAREI,ON, Adonir, Cut-
ter , Li,:ut. McKILLoP, and Linnet Cutter-btig,
Ti-mt. TRACEY, and the Flamer Gun-brig,
DICK, from separate cruizes ; and A kana, Dotrol.As,
for Montserrat, from the Downs, but too late for tine
convoy.

The.:. er4icoßocketi PlPlviut, for Berbice,
,has
lost the convoy through being.d6crte4 by the crew.

F,A Ly 20.—Nrrived the -Sisters,
Pztcdtg-
Capt. MA'rlIE NS, from Newhaven.

Sailed the Pelter Gim-brig,_ with' several Sail . ti
Transports under convoy for Cork,;, Coffins; GAGB4's,
for London ; and tk,/Mantura, DEN s, fur firissiti,

`DEAL,' FE Ti . the Rogatist Sloop, off
the Gallopper, and the Oberon, fur Dungeness.

SHEERNESS, FEB.. 22.--Pwsed. by the NUM fur
the Do*nevili large East Indianian.
Went out ofllarhour, and anchored at,the Nore,
the Safeguard Gun brig; Lieut. FIELD. •
Sailed the Prometheus . Fire-ship, ,Captain I-Tyna
PARKta, for Yarmouth. .

The'Oppesitibei'coni.nue to fi pe.‘ik, of the Danes
with the utmost kindness and, sympathy, though it
is evident- from Lord Howick's note, that the
Dat?Nb Government had long• Manifested itltentto4A
linimical to thiS Country. Surely Lord ,Howtcx is
an. authority which the Party,-will acknowledge,
however they may resist the evidimee 'of faets, and
oil the deductions •of'',itason. But what must. be
thimght of the tenduet,Of the Danish GOvernmenti.
in removing the,lights at the entrance of the Cat-
•tept, for the purpose of misleading Vessels, and ex-
posing them to certain destrudion ? This treacherous
expedient dutibtlesS intended chiefly against
English Vessels; butz it is calculated to deceive those'
from any other Country, and to draw 'them into
certain: ruin.. Such .only worthy of the
Most, barbaroniand piratical States'i.and alter having
been guilty. of it, Denmark .never ,can rank as .a
.gnrierous Enemy ; ' but "on the tbntrary, must be
considered as, a, foe: to'humanity..
It is whimsical enough to hear' some Public Chtt-
raEters sneering at '*hut 'they are.placed to denomi-
nate the new viorality , when the whole of theirlive s
has shcWn that they have no regard to any 'species of
Morality, new or old, :
The. Tragedy oil/ant/et ,Waslepresented last nigh
to an overflowing house at. Covent Gatclen:
KEMICE has 'so thorenghly st'u'died this'ehartia..!r,
and, has performed it so often, that ii may now be
considered as his best effort and. it is not wonder•
ful tharit retains jig:A[oolon, :

Th,;- Opera of Kau has proveti moat ct success-_,
Sul 1,;, co t ha; .Ppary-larie 'ls,heatrc ,prodeced this
Abe scenery* .and the :general'
of the pefornurace' sutficiehily account for
popularity. -
.CooKE and .Yortga are bath.iierforrnin'.,,
burgh. The,iftcrrtner' played - latter
Charles, S'4ld,rday last, in The ,s;libi>ll;Jr Sraadat.'
tI.IN. jos. within
tll4,e'',feNlay,-; by ()pr
theltnia to such an aiartning-degreti.in With eyes -Hs
tartirit, n,theal, jitssl7ifleliinehelkiconscquertces hut,
by th.';' assi4tifits...4,,,Ok Mr. kaisittAtt
'OcOist. to his ,Majesty, this very: usetul tiefor
bean res.toted,t6Aful full exerclie of his prolessi'otial
'duties.

,

, 3

SMITIT, it' iq tikes' leave
,of Covent •
Garden at the elose'Of the pplitoseliton :at
1;0'10(11-ter .attic let expire. 141)1y
probable that chow ber flinetopeiji as .she is, be
come so great, a eaVi,Lisi!e tke put.bk " '
•The 'interesting .After.-pike of The Blind 1 Boy
Juts been bronfrbt torwar4 . Stage a
zt charilaetises the.nuoogotilent.ctithat Stage
and 'in a mint er highly creilit:tbk I o,t he Thttatre.—;.
I,ovEdit'ovg,4_4Cl4.A.'lli.TON,' MALLISO'N;I-GUMEILY;.
Miss [IAA, and laic, r not least,.; Miss JAMESON,
have all actinitled themselves , in' this.,
p*Lii rriormilme, with its • intrinsic
utots , tpilritir:o3.l"er it 1,4-iitly attrktive.•

Mrs.BESIN ET,' who died a few days-ago, was the ,
pl.ht tic-Fete' Mri:.F.STtz N the: atqrtSs. Mrs: 13. i rbie't
yin the author olseyeral popular novels'..
Ishe L'lte Mr. Witt,l'ast 116'41
,
days ago at Blighton, was tne brotherlotdl4,TatNek
.1-lostte. I\lr. \V HOARE was. distinguished', for
innvity of, his Oiort6:ter. rtnd the.
of his manners. was allied to his. brother)
by literary taste and talents, As-Nsiell'os by
.ecinSan''
guinity, though his . different pursuits in life pre-
tented hitt) from often exerting those abilities which
pature,ltLid betitOWed on turn, hat wltjclt, hovvever,
had theadvantagoof n clasiicaleducation..
-Dr; the' friend of SWITI, and grand-
father. of Mr. R. B. Sit Elitomq, taking. leave of'
Lady to whtirn he was to be shortly:rnarried, was
psked by her how long he should. be absent, which
question he instantly answerectiS'followS
You, ask how long I'll stay frorn tlicc; r'
(Suppress fitose rising tears),
If you should number time like me,
Pcthlps ten thoUsand years.

A person has recently advertised in an Trish,Ti-
per, that he raiU sell seeds at from 150 to 'cool. per
cent. under the usual price. We 9hould he glad to
know what he 'would charge for a quantity of seed,
the usual price of which was 1001. .

'Sitturday se'nnight an inquisition was taken at
Heatheneote, in .the parish of Paulerspury, in the
county Northattiptonshire, before Jones LOVE
Gent. Coroner, on the body of. Jane Bayley, the
wife of a poor razor-grinder, wild, on the preceding
evening, whilst under a tent, died from tile Mole.
nwncy of the weather.•

STATE PAPERS,

RELATIVE TO AMERICA,

•YfntD 111140/RE Trig 1101/31 OF COMMIntS LAST N1C2111%

t
Dispatch from Lord Viscount How- tcK-to the Hon. DAVID
Y,a 3 elti e, dated Downing-street, Jan. 8, 1807. (Extracts).
4.1E4 dispatch, after announcing the conclusion , oC
:',..6,.,-oreaty of Amity and. tQLllinerce with America;
says " I transmit to you also the cepy of anothitf
Note presented by their Lordsliipi o thy American
Commissioners, previously to the-Signature- of 'the
Treaty, on the subjea'of the extracirdinaryDeclar:
tiyns anti OrdeYs of . the .French Government, isst4l"
at Berlin on the. t6th of November last. This Note
I Must 'recommend to your particular attention t you
:will state to' the American Govertnent, that 'his
Majesty relies with ,con6dence' on their good tekso
and firniness ,i7eSisting pretensions, which, iff4if-'
feted' to italce efrea,,- must prove so. destriaire
tQ
alie-mintrierce of all neutral His Ma
jeltY-bils-,ifernt, that the measures announced:in the
Decree,htive already, in some instances, been carried,
:into execution by the Privateers of the Enemy, and
there could be no doubt that his Majesty would have
,an indisputtable right to exercise
.a 'just retaliation.
`Neutral Nations cannot, indeed, expea- that tiA
King shoglci suffer etie Commerce of his'enernies to
be cat:ied on through them, whilst.tHey submit to
the prohibition which France has decreed against
the Commerce of Majesty's subjeas. But though '
this right of retaliation would unquestionably accrue
to hi,4 Majesty, yet his Majesty is uuwiliing, except
in the last extremity, ,to have recourse.to measures
which mns;.-frove so distressing to all nations not
engageti itil-the war against France.l'., • •
(Here follows the Note frAn Lords'Holland and Auel6.
land, to Messrs. Monroe and Pinckney, above alluded to,ind
has already apileared.i -

Mr. Maddison; in his answer, oNeEts to the
principle laid ddwn by Lord Howick, expfosseis
hope that. Prance will not violate her Tveity with"
America, in which case, the tmasare spoken of,
would:be aii aggression, instead of a retaliation,, pa
the part ofX,ngland. . .• •
. .
• ..
• :
gatefrgnj 11osrs. MONROR and Pt Nci:t4 z yi to-Mr. scare.:
c.:4NING, 4th liiiy,llBol,7, 11,
This Note explains the .grounds upon ,wbie..ll the,,
American President refused to ratify the.:Ereaty or
AMit'y and Commerde, namely, that it did nOt*Orn=
vide against the,Bearcla of Merchtni. Ships for Bri-
tish Seanien: '

, . ~,,i
„IA A Note .to' lgossr§.Monroe and I incicrt,y,t,,tt.ts
4ated,: if th',lt Instrinitions have been given andiliall...:
`l;) iepeated4ttid• enforced, 'for the obsrvatice of thOgl
,gre;twst c;intiohin flierltppressing of 110'4 srp
eiiat;
and that thetvriAest care shall be taiten to preserve
Citizens ofotte.• Unitcd 'StatcS'fOtrr ally mole%tatitsli '.
, .
or njury ;' t,tnd ithat.l9nnetliate and ,prOinpf, redreSo
shall be 4 f I() rde d. upou,atty representation of injury
sustained by.thent." ' .' •
The President of the United States having written,;)
a ntunber of marginal altcratiopi on .14-Copy of the
Treaty returned ~hy'hirit, Mr. Bearetary Canning,
~
in.a Note Upon the sobie6t; says—" The- Under-
Signed is commanded' dislitletly to protest; against, a ~
prteliee-altoAtether unusual in the Political transac-
aioniorOtates, by which the American Govern,. ..
ment:asSumes fci itself the privilege . of revising and
altering agreement concluded,"..and :signed, on its'.
behalf, ,tv its Agenfs duty aitilioriied fur that pslr-
p-,se; of retaining- so much of those agreements
as may 'be favourable to its. own siews,"alid tifrele6t-
ing!suoh stipulations, bf:sticii 'pit, ;),f.stipulatjurisi
ns,are crinceired, to be• not sufficiently beneficial tiC",-,,
Atnericri;*. If- the Ainericatt., Guernment. has-a"
right tg„ `ekel'ciie '634a
.revisjoit," tt:n eqt4"-il rig t. -,:.
cannot ,be , denied to others:. And it.. is ..ob-
vioits' that tilt-adoption of such a pfaaticti.bf heili
Parttvs tort Totaty,wotild tend to fender n'Ogi;tei'inien-
intiehr4o), artlttettlernent hopeless ; or. rather to
suzeictle ' altogether, the
_practicer
_of .riegotbition
throqgh antliorised.. Commissioners, and, tunitiako '
elany artieler of a Gotnnai.4.t. between State .642d:5010
the subject of 'repeated reference, and.,o;tl!yr4)o •
dii4issitifr. The' itititr6tion'of particular. "ifiiel,o i
it teAtt,ify;after ille"kvbole has b QV() 4110e1 i,ityluiruig 7
)
ind i. i•anged", must necessarily oi:etirib. ,whole ,-40-
tenewed -deliberation,. , , alio demands-, i ‘fs, rit)e ..P'lt% ',
are not to beconsidored as absolute, ainAllosc°uct*
sions:of.lheother as unconditional.' What may iwv'P..,-,
been givel4 o th".ilie 'one banl,i ins cotiiidirati6o24','.
advantage tb.bvsktiyed, in return, from .iiccntopn-
flying stipplationi, ' -might lgive hiti.rpt,ko4! I:
those stiptiltlp9o, . bad beeniessfaviAtc." .),,,,',wo fou"
necessatmly ha-Withdrawn if they amohanged.7' . ',. 1
) ,

illontteur itailulgesitSelf freelyin 4w
. . _
the Sate Papers.and 0
The'
rparliotaryv
comments to son
Deb aces of this
.00),,intryi
,bLIt it
may beey in the French, Ruler. to wi,di to throw ,od'orn
upon 'those Governtrient; 'which have ne,,n
iath
by time and satiioned ekperietice, i'r
impolitic in him in.mak,e any reforenee tia.,our .I?Jrlia*
mentary Discussions, since they - tnanifest 'the riri rit
of freedom which prevails in this Country, and kirr!i
a striking contrast to the lamentable condition of 10.'
own enslaved subjeels. The Representativeseft°
people here can openly comment on ,all' .10
area of Goveinment,, clog its Operations, ati4
everyendeavourto excite public discontent, i,t orucr
to displace the Party in power ; but the uni"'lr
people of France, even under their owe_ rOofi,
not venture to ,etter any obserVation upon_ the si'""
of things, lest they should be plunged -into a d s
geon, and never be heard of more. But..this luit•
the condition. of, the French people alone, for thc~ its-
liabitantsstfetery,Country tinder French
are redeced,t4 the same pitiable degradation.--"
then are the triuipphs of French, arms,,but cyti"
firmation of French slavery, since every uew soecesf;
of their RUler, which is in fa& his success, and '!`)L
that of France itself, only serves to rivet the chili"
of the people, and remove to .a greater distaeqd Ili
liberty for which they' have made so many dreadin
sacrifices. - •

The eapihre 4f a Russian vessel in
* tic,
,several Members of 'the late (3°-
vernment of lonian Republic, by of our
eruizers; and thsjr
,being sent as prisoners Of war to
Malta, is stated ,Jo .',have determined the,Emperor
ALEXANDER e 0 C,9nsider the British stibjeas residetit
in Russia iS hostages for their safely and releAst;
and to have induced an prder fop auspeopi
t
