'r
------MONEY AND CITY NEWS,O
,
(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DA r. 4-
C H RONICLE.—The transactions in the
Stock Market remain without novelty or interest. gm,.
Birmingham Old Railway Shares are stationary aOBl/404/41,41,,;,...
84 prem. ; Ditto (New) 233. to 241 prem. ; Southampton 'Lill 45 to 46 per share; Ditto (New) 20 to 21 prem. ; Great
Western 13 to 14 prem. ; Leeds and Manchester 19 to 21
prem. ; North Midland to IA- prem. ; Brighton 2f to
dis. ; Blackwell 2 to 1 dis. ; Greenwich 16 to 17 per
share ; Croydon 161 to I 7 per share ; Ditto (New) 1 to
24 prem. ; and Midland Counties 12 to 11 dis. ; B;itish
Iron Shares are 9 to 10, and General Mining Shares 12 to
13 per share.
Considerable business continues to be transacted daily
in American Securities ; and during the week, in addition
to the new loans for, the States of Mississippi and South
Carolina, bona fide investments to the amount of upwards of
300,000/. have been effected, arising no doubt in a great
measure from the abundance of money and the good rate
of interest which is received ; the various stocks averag-
ing a dividend of between five and six per cent, net in this
country. Sales of the new Mississippi Loan have been
made at 93 ; Alabama Five per Cent, is quoted at 94, and
at which business has been done ; Illinois Six per Cent.,
96 ; Indiana Five per Cent., 85 ; Louisana Five per Cent.
96 ; ditto Six per Cent, par to 102 ; Massachusetts Five
per Cent., 103 ; Maryland Six per Cent., par buyers but
no sellers ; New York Five per Cent, in demand at 93 to
95 ; Ohio Six per Cent., 102 ; Pennsylvania five different
Five per Cent. Stocks, varying as to the period of redenap-
tion, 92 to 96 ; South Carolina Five per Cent. in demand
at 95, and Virginia Six per Cent. State stock, 9.5 i ; New
York City Five per Cent. stock, 90 ; and New Orleans
City Five per Cent. stock, 80 ; United States Bank shares
at •)5/. .ss. buyers ; American Life and Trust Company
shares, 12/. 10s. ; and Camden, Delaware, and Raritan
Canal shares arc scarce at 105.

TIMES.—The accounts from West India respecting
the negro population are so tainted with party animosities,
that it is difficult to collect from them such a body of
facts as might afford the means of coming to a right judg-
ment upon the actual condition of affairs. A letter
is given signed by the Rev. Mr. Knibb and two or
three other Baptist missionaries, apparently not intended
for publication, but casually got hold of, in which
it is stated, that the planters were bent upon con-
tinujog slavery under another form, and, by holding
out threats of compelling the - negroes 4, it their
cottages and grounds, to force them to workout such
extremely low rates of wages as would keep them
under the control of their masters. It may be
presumed that the meaning of this is, that they
would thus be led into debt with their masters
by the supply of provisions and stores from the
planters' shops, which indirectly might have the effect
alluded to. The rate of wages said to be imposing
upon the labourers is stated so low net as 3d. sterling
per day, the calculation including deductions for the rents,
said to be exorbitantly charged, of the negroes' houses
and grounds. This statement, it is clear, must be received
with great caution, as entirely opposed to all other esti-
mates and statements, which represent Is. 3d. currency
per day as the general rate. It may, upon the whole, be
assumed, that dissensions were rather settling down after
all, for in Jamaica more angry feeling between masters
and men has usually been found to subsist than in other
ports of the West Indies.
Papers and letters have been received from Caraccas to
the Isth ultimo. It was stated to be probable that Gene-
ral O'Leary, now envoy from Venezuela to Rome, would be
named to proceed to this country as commissioner for ar-
ranging with the bondholders on the part of that republic.
The Government, it is mentioned, intended punctually to
remit the sum allotted, say 80,000 dollars, in January
next, as their proportion or account of interest on the Co-
lombian loans.

H EltALD.—From Jamaica letters, which have been
received to-day by the most respectable houses, complain
that neither by day-work nor task-work can the negroes be
induced to per form a day's work of full ten hours ; but this
indication of idleness appears to have arisen rather out of
a general desire to establish a higher rate of wages than
that already proffered by the overseers of the majority of
the estates.
These circumstances have tended much to enhance the
cost of making sugar, and at the same time retard the due
cultivation of the new crops.
An unpleasant feeling seems to exist on the part of the
London merchants at not having received the letters
brought by the Garrick New York packet-ship, some few
only having been delivered ; and, as extensive purchases
have been made of cotton at Liverpool, it is thought that
the few have been favoured, particularly as passengers have
arrived ; it certainly may be considered that the vessel
which landed them would have been quite equal to have
brought the letter-bags, which contain so much important
intelligence.
Money at present continues equally as easy as it has been
during the past month or two ; but the reduction in the
duty upon the importation of foreign corn, as it positively
confirms the defection of the crops in the north of Great
Britain and Ireland, as well as the Northern States of
Europe, has created the double apprehension that money
will not only suddenly become more scarce, but that the
continental exchanges, which lately have been rather droop-
ing, will still incline further downwards.
The business in the foreign exchanges has not been less
limited than on the previous post day, but the quotations
have by no means improved. On Paris they rule at 25f. 50c.
to 25f. 724 c. ; on Amsterdam at 12 4 ; on Rotterdam at
12 41 ; and on Hamburg at 13 10e.
We have not had much business in the British Funds to-
day ; but the favourable accounts from Persia, as detailed
in the Constantinople correspondence of this journal, have
given rather an improved character to the Consol Market,
which, in consequence, has closed at the improved rate of
94 for Money and Account.

POST.—The public funds have fluctuated but very
little to-day in either Market. Upon the whole, however,
there was certainly more firmness than we had occasion to
notice in our report of yesterday, and this was owing in all
probability to the later accounts received from Persia,
which prove of a more satisfactory tenor than had been
generally calculated upon. Purchases to as inconsiderable
extent, viz., for about 3,0001. stock were again made for ac-
count of the Commissioners for Savings' Banks. Consols left
off 94 for Money and for the 27th instant, and 94 for the
January settlement ; the Three per Cent. Reduced 93i
to 3, the New Three-and-a-Half per Cent. Annuities at
101 i to 102, Bank Stock 203 to Exchequer Bills 665.
to 68s. prem., and India Bonds at 625. to 645. prem.
In the Foreign House Five per Cent Dutch Stock was
quoted 1001 to g, Two-and-a-Half per Cent. ditto .54 to
Brazilian 78 to I, Five per Cent. Portuguese 81 to
Three per Cent. ditto 20i to Active Spanish, with the
overdue coupons, 17 to and Colombian 25 to
From Jamaica we learn, as well from private commercial
sources as from the papers, that no approach had yet been
made towards a satisfactory arrangement between the late
apprentices and the proprietors, with respect to wages, and
the process of cultivation continued in consequence to be
in a great measure suspended. Some discrepancies occur
in the accounts received and published at Kingston, from
the interior, but the Governor had, it appears, directed
the stipendiary Magistrates to ascertain and report to him
the actual state of things in their respective districts, and
this will, no doubt, be eventually done, although consider-
able reluctance was manifested in the first instance by
agents charged with the superintendence of estates
in some parts of the island to furnish the informa-
tion demanded of them, and from which circum-
stance it is to be feared that matters are worse
rather than better than they have been represented
to be, as the, truth can hardly be withheld by the
individuals appealed to, where there is anything of a fa-
vourable nature to communicate. It is suggested that the
stipendiary magistrates might with greater propriety have
sought the information in question through the medium of
the custodes, as parties less interested, or at the mercy of
the negroes. The Cornwall Chronicle mentions, that on
several estates in St. James's parish, the labourers were
doing very little to keep up their cultivation. On some they
went to work in the morning pretty freely, but, before the
day's work was half completed, they struck, saying they
had done enough for the day. It is added, that they worked
better a month previously, and that they now seemed to
have got some new whim or other in their heads. The
Falmouth Post states that disagreements were continually
taking place between the planters and the labourers
in the same neighbourhood, respecting the payment of
wages, where no express contract had been entered
into, and observes, that it is a remarkable fact, that in
cases of dispute on this subject, brought in the parish
before the justices of the peace, the unpaid magistrates had
invariably given judgment against the labourers. Froth
Demerara and the minor islands, the advices are of much
the same complexion as those last received. The important
question of the currency having been settled by the Go-
vernment here, a notification to that effect had been re-
ceiv cd from Lord Glenelg, but the particulars, as published
in the London Gazette of the 2d of October, had still to
be ascertained at Jamaica.
Much dissatisfaction has been expressed by the estate-
owners and planter, at an order which had been received
by the authorities it some of the smaller islands, to pre-
vent the negreases from working in the fields, which prac-
tice the t)overnors are attempting to put an end to. The
numbers are, in proportion to the males, about one-third.
and, in addition to the loss to the planter, the proposed
measure tends to demoralise them, as idleness and dissipa-
tion musts in a majority of cases, prove the consequence.
