Tl-1 P. SUN, LONDON, MoNnA V, J NtrA RY 1: PAO

at St. John's, New Brunswick, on the 30th of No-
vember.

By the Oxford, we have advices from Central
America to the date of the 2d November, by V: hich
we learn that San Salvador had been almost de-
stroyed by an earthquake, and that General CAR-
RERA, the leader of the party opposed to President
MORAGAN, had been dangerously wounded in a
skirmish near San Salvador in the beginning of
September.
On the frith of the same month, a body of Alo-
RAGAN'S troops, who occupied the town of Santa
Zosa for a few days, were defeated, and Colonels
CAcHo and MILLA, commanding, were taken
prisoners.
At Newburyport, Massachuscts, a terrific storm had
occurred, by which 22 vessels were totally wrecked, and
32 dismasted and driven out of the harbour. The loss of
life was upwards of 20. The storm was severe in other
parts of the United States.
Tha Texian Congress had been opened by a Governor
Lammer, in which he gives a flattering account of the po-
sition and prospects of the young republic. On the sub..
ject of Mexico he expresses a desire to avoid hostilities,
but speaks doubtingly.
A great number of emigrants, principally Germans, had
arrived at Galveston, from the United States.

There is a discrepancy in the statement given
above with regard to the United States Bank
shares, and the accounts received at New York on
the 19th of December, as it appears from the New
Ycrk Courier, that on the afternoon of the 19th
the shares at the first Board sold at 81, and at the
second at 82i. Girard had advanced to 35k.
The Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada published a
despatch, addressed to his Excellency by Lord John Rus-
sell, and dated the 16th of October, making know., to the
colonists that in future all political offices held during the
pleasure of the Crown, such as those of Colonial Secrets-
nes, easurer, or Receiver General, Surveyor- General, At-
torney and Solicitor- Generals, Sheriffs, Provost- Marshals,
Members of the Council, and the like, may be declared
vacated on the resignation of the Governor-General. This
is a very politic and statesmanlike regulation.
TEXAS AND MEXICO.-The rumour of the capture of ac
town of Nlatamoras by the Texan troops under Colonel
Ross, is confirmed by a letter published in the New Ur-
leans Louisiana Advertiser, and dated San Antonio,
Oct. 25.

NEW YORK MONEY AND COMMERCIAL
NEWS.

THURSDAY EVENING, DEC. 19.
The business done in stocks to-day at the first board
reached a moderate extent. Rates of some descriptions
were better, of others worse. At the second board prices
were ratherlower than at the first, and the general opinion
expres3cd was that the Stock-market closed dull.

RATE OF SALES AT THE STOCK-EXCHANGE,

971

THURSDAY.
.500 Corporation 7 per cent. Bonds
60 Shares United States Bank
45() Do. Delaware and Huds in
50 Do. A:echanies' Bank
25 Do. Bank of Commerce s. 30 days 991
35 Do, North American Trust
10 Do. Ameliean Exchange Bank
50 Do. Kentucky opening 55
50 Do. Paterson 45
7 Do. Boston and Providence Railroad
25 Do. New Jersey
40 Do. Stonington l3l
150 Do. Haarlem Railroad s 30 days 481-
21 Do. Mohawk Railroad 57
30 Do. Canton Company 3o+
100 Do. Farmers' Trust
RATE OF SALES AT THE SECOND BOARD.
25 Shares North American Trust Saturday 381
25 Do. Kentucky Bank 55
50 Do. Haarlem Railroad 47i
50 Do. Delaware) and Hudson next week 68

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 19, P. u.
Stocks at the First Board to-day declined somewhat on
}rest .rday's prices, with but a very limited demand. At
the Second Board there was a most active demand, and
prices advanced rapidly until the close of all transactions.
RATE OF SALES OF STOCKS AT PHILA-

DELPHIA, Dcc. 19
18 shares United StAtes Bank Saturday 61
1 do. Vicksburg Bank 25
25,000 dots. draught°. New Ycrk, sight lO7l

SALES AT THE SECOND BOARD.
25 shares United States Bank....b. 10 days flat 82
28 do. Vicksburg 251
12,000 dols. draught at sight on New York lO7
After the Board, 125 United States Bank, 82i.

RESUMPTION IN RHODE ISLAND.--The Providence Jour-
nal of Tuesday says—" All the Banks of this City, and
we presume all in the State, have resumed the payment of
specie for all their liabilities."
The Newport Herald of Saturday says—" Several of
the Banks in this town, amongst them the Rhode Island,
Union, New England Commercial, and Traders, will re-
sume specie payments on Monday next."

The two subjects on which most of the pro-
vincial papers we received yesterday and to-day
expatiate are the great benefits conferred on the
community by the Penny Postage, and the con-
demnation of Frost. On the former we are glad
to see that the majority of the journals express a
just sense of the gratitude due to the Ministers
for having, in spite of the Tory opposition, and
in spite of the difficulties wising from cole
sklerations connected with the revenue, car-
ried this excellent, plan into effect. When
all the facilities which belong to the use of stamps
and to taxing letters by weight are brought into
operation, we have no doubt that many minor mat-
ters, of which some persons complain, will be reme-
died. It was not to be expected that such an exten-
sive alteration could be brought into operation with
out some little friction against the self-love or selfish
interests of individuals. At the same time much less of
that has taken place, and much fewer complaintshave
been made, than were, we believe, anticipated. In
politics, gratitude is properly described to be a lively
anticipation of future favours, and what has been
done or granted is generally very soon forgotten. At
the same time every letter received will jog the me-
mory of persons as to the origin of Post-office Re-
form, and make, we should hope, the gratitude of
the nation for what the Ministers have done ',Jri this
important subject, as lively as its hope of what they
will vet do.

On the second subject therq is one almost uni-
versal observation. FRO IT, it is said, must not
lose his life. Dispose of him so that he can do
but let no more blood be shed in
no further harm,
Wales. The people are strongly recommended to
memorialize her MAJESTY in his favour, and to
neglect no peaceful and legal means to save his life.
Experience has convinced us that to shed blood is
really to promote and provoke the crimes which
life is taken to prevent ; and whatever may
he the result, we trust that no blood will
be shed for such a strange crime as trea-
son during her MAJESTY'S reign. We have
been compelled much to abridge Mr. THOMAS'S
speech in defence of ZEPHANIAH WILLIAMS, but
we have left enough of it to show that the doctrine of
constructive treason, on which Mr. FROST has been
found guilty, is a disgrace to any body of law. Let
it be always remembered that the treason dots not
consist in the Violence or the bloodshed and devasta-
tion w
hic:t violence may cause, but in the imputed
purpose of attertpting to dethrone a Sovereign or
change the course of ti-,e Government—a purpose
which, as in the case of the expulsion of JAMES
11., and as in the case of carrying the Reform
Bill, the great majority of the nation, in spite of
the law and the Judges, is sometimes
prepared to
justify.

We have placed these two subjects of Mr.
FROST and the Post-office together, because we find
them so placed in the provincial papers ; and be-
cause we wish, by reminding the Ministers and the
country of the great social improvement which has
so happily marked almost the commencement of her
AIAJESTY'S reign, to induce them not to cast a
blot on it by any untimely severity. Ministers and
statesmen generally are so much engaged with the
practical busintss of Government, that they have no
time to originate the conceptions of those grand
schemes of social improvement which hand down
the names of their fortunate inventors to the admi-
ration and gratitude of posterity. What they can
do, however, and
.'what they are bound to do,
is to give practical effect to such schemes when '
they are brought to light.
_Nobly, and with-
out any low envy, have the Ministers so acted,
by Mr. HILL's sagacious, and even magni-
ficent, conceptions. But we will undertake to

say, that those benevolent spirits who have,
from time to time, remonstrated against gam.,
guinary punishments, and have demonstrated their
inutility to society, have opened up as saga-
cious and as magnificent views of social improve-
ment as Mr. HILL. While the Ministers have so
honourably adopted the one, it will argue in
them a want of confidence in their own principles,
and a hesitation, when a nobler sacrifice of an old
official, and we will be hold to affirm, an un-
founded and unjust prejudice is required of them,
should they, in opposition to the humane teaching
of modern philosophers, use her MAJESTY'S au-
thority to shed the blood of her merely misled sub-
jects. Ministers have conferred an immense bene-
fit on the nation by the Uniform Penny Postage,
let them confer a still greater benefit by abstaining
from taking life for treason, by setting an example of
an abhorrence of bloodshed, so softening the hearts
of the people, and attaching them by firmer ties
than brass and iron to the Throne of QUEEN
VICTORIA.

The letter of Mr. SANKEY, which we elsewhere
publish, explains very clearly the object and de-
signs of the unenfranchised in opposing all mea-
sures brought forward at public meetings, unless
they be connected with an extension of suffrage to
themselves. This is a bold avowal of a bold
scheme, by which the unenfranchised rre deter-
mined to obtain their ends. While we cannot
approve of it, we arc not prepared to say that they
can well be prevented from using the only " influ-
ential right of freemen they have left," that the en-
enfranchised may still be made sensible of their
power. If there must of necessity be a contest ora con-
flict between the unenfranchised and the enfranchis-
ed, we would not assert that the unenfranchised take
either an improper or the most objectionable method
of carrying it on.
But we think the unenfranchised have extended
Mr. BENTHAM'S admirable advice, to make the
ruling few uneasy, too far. The enfranchised, the
bulk of the middle classes, cannot be called the
ruling few. They have an interest in common
with the unenfranchised to obtain cheap food, and
that can only be obtained by making the real ruling
few, the landed aristocracy, uneasy. The House
of Lords—the landed aristocracy—are the great
opponents of every measure for extending the Suf-
frage. It even threw out the Electors' Removal
Bill, a poor boon that might prevent some dis-
franchisement ? If the Whig Ministers were not
well convinced that the Whig landowners in the
House of Commons would oppose them on any
question for extending the franchise, they might be
willing to extend it ; but they hold their places on
condition of not acting contrary to the wishes of the
Whig landlords. Clearly-, therefore, the great ene-
mies of the unenfrauchised are not the middle classes,
but the landlords, Whig and Tory, and their power
would receive a most serious blow by the abolition of
the Corn-laws. The town population would in-
crease more rapidly than at present, and the rela-
tive importance of the landowners sink in the scale.
It is not, therefore, consistent with the ultimate ob-
ject which the unenfranchised have in view to
thwart the middle classes in their present attempt to
wrest from the ruling few, by making them
uneasy, the scoundrel tax they now levy on the
people's food. Their conduct, as explained by Mr.
SANKEY, seems to us not so rational as that of
the blind-strong man who- 'certainly destroyed his
enemies, but also destroyed himself. The-unen-
franchised would injure those who have, as far as
the abolition of the Corn-laws is concerned, the
same interest as they have to perpetuate the power
of their most determined opponents.

We will take the opportunity of informing a
" Moral Force Chartist of Sheffield," whose com-
munication appears in the Spectator, that The
Sun did not libel the working classes of Sheffield,
on Tuesday last, by asserting that they arc " not
Corn-law Repealers." We only expressed our re-
gret that they preferred a vain chase after Univer-
sal Suffrage to a practical repeal of the Corn-laws,"
which is certainly true of _ those who opposed the
repeaters, and passed their own Chartist resolutions.
Neither was our article, as the moral force Chartist
says, a Tory one, but a rational one, in which,
moreover, many moral force Chartists, we believe,
agree with us. We showed that the unenfranchised
now have no inconsiderable power ; their numbers
arc sufficiently great to ensure them sway in the
community, if they had also unicn and intelligence.
It was not their want of the franchise, but their want
of knowledge, which formerly kept them in a state
of dependence and slavery. Now they are gather-
ing knowledge ; they are as well acquainted with po-
litical subjects as any other class of the community;
and they may rely on it that knowledge will give
them power whether they have the suffrage or not.
In fact, it has already given their great power, power
sufficient to prevent,• as they might have commanded,
the repeal of the iniquitous bread tax, the brand Im
which the landowners continually remit. d them of
the servile condition of their ancestors.

It will be perceived by the extracts which wt
have given elsewhere from the Scotch Papers, tha
the contending parties in the Kirk of Scotland are
carrying on the war briskly. From the circum-
stance that the Commission of Assembly have
deemed it necessary to send Missionaries through
out the country to stir up the people in their cause,
we are led to infer that they have some misgivinc
as to the popularity of their conduct, and the
support which the Church will receive in the pug-
nacious, not to say rebellious, course on which she

has entered. Various towns in tile North havt
been visited by the Apostles of the Commission,
Messrs. CUNNINGHAM and CANDLISH, but we
cannot discern, in the reports of their proceedings,
any very striking signs of success. The greater
portion of their friends belong to the Dissenters,
and it is, we have reason to believe, of Dissenters
that the meetings got up in their favour have prin.
cipally consisted. They have met with little sym-
pathy among the adherents 'of the Kirk, because,
as the Aberdeen resolutions very justly specify,
their principles are subversive of a law-established
Church.

To be consistent, the Vetoists should instantly
retire from the Establishment. They have de-
clared that the non-intrusion principle, as embodied

in the Veto Act, is essential to the character of a
Christian Church, and that therefore they cannot
give it up—that it is, moreover, a matter which
touches the conscience, and that, in such matters,

they never can, and never will submit to the de-
cision of any earthly Judge, JESUS CHRIST being
their only Judge and Lawgiver. This is their.
principle ; and it is one -of which we highly
approve, because we believe unrestricted free-
dom of conscience to be the only foundation
for a religious association or Church which the
New Testament. sanctions.

But what says the law of the land on this
important point ? that law which created what
is called the Church of Scotland. Does it recog-
nise the jurisdiction claimed by the General As-
sembly in passing and enforcing the Veto Act ?
Does it pay any respect to
qualms of conscience in
Ministers •of the Gospel more than in other men ?
These questions have been answered by the
highest tribunals in the kingdom. It has been
solemnly decided by the Court from which there is

-.:-.

no appeal that the Church of Scotland has no such
right as that which she has presumed to exercise,
and the Court of Session has interposed the autho-
rity of the State to prevent by force the exercise of
the usurped right. We have here the question of
the " independence' of the Church settled at onto
It is proved that the Kirk, like every other creation
of the State, is dependent upon its creator. Those,
therefore, who talk so big about this independence,
and pretend to hold it as an indispensable article
of their faith, now that they see it is a mere fancy
of the brain, and no attribute of the Church of
Scotland, cannot remain members of that Estab-
lishment, without laying themselves open to the
charge of something worse than inconsistency.
They are bound, as conscientious men—and more
especially as men called by their ministerial office to
be "an ensample to others"—to quit a commu-
nion the terms of which they bold to be contrary
to the Gospel, and hostile to its spread.

Some of the Vetoists have threatened to take this
course, except such an alteration be made in the
law as shall give effect to their non-intrusion
principle ; but a moment's consideration must
show them that this exception can be viewed
in no other light than as a subterfuge resorted to
for the sake of temporal objects. It will be
said that stipends, manses, and glebes are dearer
to them than the cause of Christ, which they pro-
fess to have so much at heart. With what grace
can those apply to the Legislature, who deny
its authority, and have set its enactments at defi-
ance ? The very application would he the strongest
possible condemnation of their own conduct. Be-
sides, can they fail to sec that, claiming, as they do,
to hold the disputed right of jurisdiction directly
rrom the Lord JESUS CURIST himself, it would
he a virtual abandonment of the claim were they to
consent to receive it from the law ? They have thus
placed themselves in a situation of difficulty from
which there is only one honourable means of escape.
They must resign the;r benefices, take up their
cross, and cast themselves on the care of Provi-
dence and the affections of their flocks. If they
cease to be members of the Church of Scotland,
they may become members of the Church of
CHRIST, which is surely a far nobler distinction.

By the arrival of the Iberia strainer at Fal-
mouth on Saturday, from the Tagus, we have re-
ceived Lisbon papers of the 7th instant, with the
Speech of her Most Faithful Majesty, DONNA
MARIA, on opening the ordinary Session of the
Cortes. There were only thirty Senators and fifty-
six Deputies present when the Speech was de-
livered, which appeared to excite but little atten-
tion. However, on the 7th, there was a pretty full
atendance ; and from the general aspect of the
second Chamber, it was supposed that the Septem-
brist, or ultra-Radical party, out-numbered the
Chartist or Conservative body, to which the Go-
vernment has a natural leaning. No business,
however, save the election of a President and the
appointment of the regular Standing Committees,
was done up to the departure of the steamer for
England. We have not space to-day for any com-
ment upon the QUEEN'S Speech, a copy of which
we subjoin

penses of the state, and the means which the differdat
branches of the public revenue offer—being relieved from
the burdens:with which until now they have been shackled—
to ititisfy the obligdtiont contracted within and without the
kingdom. I trust that the measures that will he bid IT-
fore you for the more convenient organisation of thla
portant branch of the public service will merit the whole
bt ypttr attention, and powerfully assist in the better col_
section tit thd tvvenuc and the estanlishment of the
necessary equilibrium behvt;Ctl the resources and the bur-
dens of the state."
The Session is open.

Madrid Journals of the 4th inst, have been re-
ceived. They publish an Order of the Day fld•
dressed by General O'DONNELL, by command of
ESPARTERO, to all the military authorities within
the provinces of La Mancha, Cuenca, Toledo, Ali-
cant, and Valencia, strictly commanding them to
observe absolute neutrality at the elections, and to con-
fine the exercise of their influence to the maintenance
of order, and the support of the civil authorities.
A change in the Cabinet was still spoken of.
but the Ministers were doing all in their power to
retain their places. It is likely that they will
cling to office till driven out by the Cortes.
Letters from Saragossa of the 6th invant, announce
that the garrison of Bexix had revolved against its Go-
vernor, Carmello, who had entered into a negociation with
the Christino chiefs for the purpose of delivering that
castle into their hands, and massacred him and his accorr,
plices. The Carlist chief Arnau surprised, on the 22d,
the town of Casas Ibanez, but was unable to gain pos-
session of the church, into which thirty infantry soldiers
and sixteen horsemen retired, and there defended them-
selves, The assailants ultimately retired. The latter
then proceeded to Loriguilla, near which they were en-
countered by General Aspiroz, and routed with loss.

The Paris Journals of Friday and Saturday con-
tain no news of importance. " The opposition in
the Chamber of Deputies, so formidable to the
Court during the last Session under the leadership
of M. THI ERS, appears to be completely broken
up. This has not added one jot to the strength of
the Cabinet, which has become alike indifferent to
the KING and people. In the Chamber of Depu-
ties on Saturday, the debate on the Address, para-
ragraph by paragraph, was com.nenced. Respecting
the Eastern question, Marshal SOULT stated that
the greatesk, unanim;ty prevailed among the Great
Powers.

The following paragraph, which contains the
only news from Africa, is copied from the Mord-
leur of Saturday:—

" A report of :Marshal Vallee, dated Belida, the 31st
ult., confirms the re,ults mentioned in the last telegraphic
despatch from Toulon.

A very warm engagement took place between a
column commanded by the Marshal in person, and-a corps
of Arabs, consisting of infantry and 1,500 cavalry.
" The enemy was beaten, and left the field of battle
strewed with a great number of killed. The environs of
the citadel and camp of Belida were, after this affair, en-
tirely freed from the presence of the numerous sharp_
shooters who had long intercepted the communications."
A private letter from M►lta published in the Phare des
Pyrenees, gives the following news from the East:—
" Ibrahim Pacha, it is said, has made a movement is
advance towards Diabekir. A special Turkish agent is
gone to Alexandria. We hear of an arrangement, by
virtue of which, in cave Ibrahim should threaten Constan-
tinople, an equal number of Russian and English men-of-
war arc to enter the Bosphorus to protect the Turkish
capital."
The Sentinelle des Pyrenees of the 4th of this month,
has been seized at the Post•oflice. According to the
Phare des Pyrenees, of the Bth, this seizure was on account
of the publication of an article, headed " Divide to
Reign."

Joseph de M'irenil, Secretary to the French Lega-
tion at Madrid, pasted through Behobia on the 7th, in the
evening, on his way to Paris.—Le commerce.
BOURSE.—PAttts, SATURDAY, JAN. 11.

first Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price Price.
rend) 5 per Cents lll SO ... 111 50... II t 70... I I :5 •
414 per Cents lO7 10 ... 14 111 ... 107 10 ... 107 10
4 per ( en,s
a per ( cuts SO 70 ... go S i ... SO 6, ...a. • 5
•kinit of France
5i..... 2i 90 ...209i _309,1 ..3(95
.affitte Caul, 1,.1001.1444 50 _04.2 50 ...!c4..! 50 ...1 -10 50
s+f; i
United States Bank Loan ... 9; ... 05% •••
•,vigian Lank 849. s') 8:4) 54.2 50
ilLitiltsh AC. iye .....
Passive % 6+4
Ohl Deferred.
P.ortnekwAe 3 per Cents
Don Miguel
NearoOtan
Roman lO2 . ..; 102 ... 10.3
RAILWAY SUAIIEs.
t;ermain
Versailles, It. B 505 511.5 ... 502 no 3, 2 011
L.B. 347 5C ...:317 50 ... 342 50 342 50
Orleans ..

.....
qulhaugen to Thann .
Stt.isburg. to Bale .. . ... 333 75 ... 3':5
