(0,11

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 13, 1838.

1
here can be no question that the Spanish Cortes will
sanction a loan of five millions, and that they would sanc-
tion one for fifty millions with still more good will, if they
could see any reasonable prospect of success. The con-
tinual discussion on the subject has only one object—to
Mislead the money-mongers, and those who too often be-
come their victims, as to the real state of the finances, and
the real character of the parties who are now concocting a
scheme for robbing the people of England and France.
These parties know that their credit, like their morality, is
the very lowest in Europe—that Spain for the last twenty
years has been constantly borrowing, without repaying
either principle or interest—that loans obtained under one
Government have been disowned by another, or at length
acknowledged only for the purpose of adding to debts
which they never intend to pay—that nearly all the
Custom-house duties and other revenues of the maritime
provinces are seized and divided among the local func-
tionaries—and that the Central Government, even if it had
not to contend with Don CARLOS, could not with all the
army now on foot raise more money than is requisite to stop
the cravings of hungry courtiers and intriguing officers,
civil and military, resident at Madrid. They also know
that the people of this country, for to England they con-
stantly look, are not likely to be robbed a tenth time in the
old way ; and hence all their endless talk about the security
of the Almaden mines, and the appropriation of the loan
for the sole use of the army, in order to put an
end at once to the war. We confidently trust, how-
ever, that the eyes of the public are now open

to the tricks t_sf these jugglers. Fifty millions would
not et.d the war without the interference of other
powers ; and the quicksilver mines would at best be little
more than a nominal security while the money lasted, and
afterwards no security at all. Why, but a few months ago
the Cortes were on the point of breaking faith with the
ROTHSCHILb3, on the pretext that the contract was not
good, and in all probability would have broken it, but for
weighty reasons which money-borrowers can best appre-
ciate. Had they broken faith with that house, the pro-
posed loan would never have been heard of ; but as it is,
are they more deserving of credit now than if they
had committed such an act of infamy ? The will in
this case is equal to the deed ; and should they be
fortunate enough to get this loan of five millions,
pretences will not be wanting to get rid of the res-
ponsibility. Public men in that demoralised country
have cast off even the semblance of honour, integrity,
and patriotism. They would squander the money among
themselves and their adherents, and then, if no other means
were' found for breaking the contract, their Generals
would do it effectually by selling themselves and the mines
to Don CARLos. It is worthy of remark, that though the
money is to be appropriated for the sole use of the army,
the Cortes are to have the distribution of it. What fools
they would be if they did not pay themselves well for the
trouble of doling out properly such a vast sum

From the facts elicited during the various discussions on
the Negro Apprenticeship System, and the accounts re-
ceived of the conduct and disposition of the Colonial As-
semblies since the payment of the Twenty Millions, no impar-
tial observer can believe that the Planters, unless compelled
by force, will perform their part of the contract. With the
exception of the smaller islands, nearly all the Legislative
Assemblies in the Slave Colonies have wilfully disobeyed
the Imperial Parliament by neglecting to follow out the
provisions of the Act, and the masters of the Slaves (for to
the disgrace of the Executive, Slaves they are still) have
treated it with like contempt, by refusing to register the
prwdial and non-prasdial labourers—by flogging females—
and by enforcing more labour than they are warranted to
claim by Act of Parliament. In Jamaica, containing more
than one-third of the whole black population, open disregard
of the law prevails. This was repeatedly stated, and not de-
nied by Lord GLENELG or Sir CHARLES GREY. The last
accounts from Demerara leave no doubt that the law is
equally disregarded in that colony ; so that we hare two
colonies, containing one-half of the black population, who
received Ten Millions sterling on condition that they fulfilled
the law, and yet have set it at utter defiance. We believe
we are not far from the truth in stating that one-half of
those who ought to have been classed as non-prwdial
labourers, and consequently entitled to complete emancipa-
tion, are still labouring as slaves. This circumstance alone
is such a breach of the supposed contract, that. the Imperial
Parliament would ho as much justified in superseding the
Constitution of these colonies, as it is in having super-
seded the Constitution of the two Canadas, on ac-
count of the illegal conduct of but a portion of the
misguided inhabitants of the Lower Province. The
present Whig Government, however, as well as all
Tory Governments, unfortunately lean rather to the side
of the oppressor than of the oppressed ; they have,
in conjunction with the Tories, suppressed the Constitu-
tion of the Canadas, because the inhabitants called out for
freedom, and claimed the fulfilment of a contract which
the Colonial functionaries admitted the Mother Country
bad not fulfilled ; and they stand forward in defence of a
contract with the oppressors of the Negro, which has been
openly violated by a wilful refusal to grant the stipulated
freedom. Their policy in the North is at utter variance
with that in the South ; and the excuse is, that the
Colonial Legislatures in the South will in time see
the propriety and necessity of yielding obedience.
What ground is there for such an excuse ? Not
certainly, the conduct of the planters. They have
hitherto virtually set the authority of Parliament at
defiance ; and so inveterate are their prejudices, and so im-
bued are they with feelings generated by their long domi-
nion over the slaves, that they will not cease the work of
oppression till they are deprived of the power. The only
remedy, we fear, is that which has been resorted to for
Canada—a Dictator, with an imposing force to carry the
law into effect. Not to speak of England, the state of Ire-
land is such, that the requisite number of troops could be
spared from that country to carry into effect an act of jus-
tice and mercy, and accomplish what the Irish themselves
so anxiously desire—the extinction of slavery in every part
of the British dominions.

o),rjapflose 071onsidering the propriety of erecting `a
monument to Lord NELSON ; and also that Government
have granted the site of Trafalgar-square for that purpose.
We are glad that this is the spot selected, for
it is an ample and imposing space, situated in one
of the most bustling parts of the metropolis ;
and a monument erected in the central part of
it, would be seen to the greatest advantage ; though, were
it to he erected in the style it should be, it would contrast
somewhat embarrassingly with that singular architectural
jeux d'esprit, which Mr. WILKINS, in his facetiousness, has
been pleased to call a " National Gallery!" The Com-
mittee—as appears by the Report—do not intend to com-
mence operations until they have actually in hand sub-
scriptions to the amount of twenty thousand pounds ;
which we feel convinced they will soon obtain, for no true
lover of his country, who remember the height of glory to
which the gallant NELSON raised the navy of Great Britain ;
his last memorable signal ; and the last patriotic sentiments
that escaped him when the hero's spirit took its flight
in the hour of victory ;—no Englishman, we repeat, who
remembers this, but must feel the deepest interest in the
undertaking. We hare already not less than two monu-
ments in the course of erection to commemorate the
achievements of our greatest Military Commander; surely,
then, we may afford to erect one in commemoration of the
ictories of our greatest Naval Commander, whose Trafal-
gar is not even eclipsed by Waterloo ! It is greatly to the
Duke of WELLINGTON'S credit that he evinces such hearty
zeal in the undertaking ; from the lips of no other man
living can a compliment to the memory of NELSON come
with such grace and propriety.

We had intended to have reverted to the subject of the
preposterous Resolutions adopted on Monday last by the
Middlesex Magistrates relative to the Licensed Victuallers
Society, but the question has been so ably handled by our
Contemporary the Jlorning Advertiser—whose articles of
Wednesday and the day preceding have appeared in our co-
lumns—that there remains very little to be said likely to
place the conduct of the Middlesex Bench in a truer and
consequently a more ridiculous light. It is quite true that
we do not altogether approve of the exceeding earnestness
with which our Contemporary attacks their Worships' che-
rished absurdities. He argues with men whom on most
occasions it were wiser to laugh at ; and we must in justice
to the sagacious Mr. BARBER BEAUMONT add, that he
seems occasionally to mistake the tenour of that gentleman's
legislatorial concoctions. We will quote the article of our
Contemporary of yesterday morning as a proof of what we
are now advancing :
, " The Middlesex Magistrates for the time are likely not only
to be immortal in the remembrance of newspaper readers, but
embalmed in the annals of folly, and consecrated in the me-
mory of the working classes of the United Kingdom. Not
satisfied with establishing a distinction between the poor and the
rich—giving weight to the latter, and cutting off the former
with less than a shilling—not satisfied with attempting to
establish a system which would rob the fair trader of his just
rights, and give to the unlawful trader a power of cheating the
country out of its just rights—they must also superadd what
we cannot help declaring to be a wholesale robbery. We
appeal to the following resolution in proof of the fact :—.
' That victuallers supplying strong beer, wine, and spirituous
liquors, to persons while in a state of intoxication, or who
have drunk so much liquor on the premises as to be likely to
be intoxicated, be not entitled to payment for liquor so fur-
nished ; and that if they have procured payment for it, they
may be compelled to refund the same on a summary process.'
" Most wise and most glorious resolution ! No one is ' to
furnish spirituous liquors,' &c., to persons in a state of intoxi-
cation. That law has been in existence for years—the grant-
ing of every licence is even now regulated by it, and, farther,
it is the practice not only of all respectable Licensed Victual-
lers, but of the occupiers of public-houses, to deny to any in-
toxicated person the slightest portion of spirituous liquor.
This portion of the resolution is, therefore, a dead letter; but
what comes next ? Why, that persons having ' drunk so much
liquor on his premises as to be likely to be intoxicated, be not
entitled to payment for liquor so furnished ; and that if they
have procured payment for it, they may be compelled to refund
the same on a summary process.' To this last portion of the
resolution we append as an answer the reply of the Chairman
of the Magistrates. It would he a matter of supererogation to
add a single word in confirmation of it. It is briefly as follows :
' The Chairman said he wished to know how a publican was

to ascertain that a person was likely to be intoxicated. Sup=
pose he and his Hon. Friend Mr, Beaumont were to go into a
public-house and call for a pot of porter with two other friends
—could the publican tell who had the strongest or the weakest
head ? He could not see how the thing was to be defined.' "
Now we do not see that the distinction made by Mr.
BARBER BEAUMONT between the rich and poor need be
regarded as exclusively prejudicial to the latter. It is true
that the poor man by this new scheme is denied beer after
eleven o'clock at night, and that only " respectable fami-
lies" are to be permitted to slake their thirst on Sunday
mornings ; but then remember that he has only to plead
tipsiness to get clear of the reckoning. This is surely a
benevolent clause, suggested by the deepest sympathy for
the sufferings of those who may be labouring under the
combined affliction of a parched throat and an empty pocket !
The beggar is as competent to get drunk as the Peer, and
once drunk there is a legal clearance of the tapster's score,
whether the quantity served be a quartern or a gallon. Nay,
there are other advantages which the experienced tippler
may derive from this clause, of which the poorest of the
poor may freely avail themselves. They may get drunk
first, and as drunkards take sometimes very queer notions
into their heads, they may insist that they paid their score,
and compel the landlord to hand them over the amount so
paid on the legal plea of their having been tipsy. The
Chairman's objection is one that would occur to any man of
ordinary understanding, and therefore it would indeed sur-
prise us were it to have had any effect upon the decision
of such an agglomeration of genius as adorns the Magiste-
rial Bench of the County of Middlesex. When our mo-
dern Suat.Lows charge themselves with the functions of a
Cabinet Council, it would be too much to expect their re-
solutions not to run counter to common sense.

There will be found elsewhere, in our paper of to-day,
the programme of the proceedings on the part of the trades
of London, which are to take place on Monday next, with
reference to the Dorchester labourers, lately returned from
exile. The place of general rendezvous, it appears, is Ken-
nington Common, from which point a grand procession is to
set out for White Conduit House. The route Appointed
is such as to give the greatest effect to the pageant in the
eyes of the public. We think the few and simple regula-
tions prescribed by the. Committee of Management well
calculated to preserve order, and indeed we have too high an
opinion of that intelligence, sobriety, and love of order,
which characterise the great mass of the working classes
of the community, particularly those of the metropolis, to
have any apprehensions as to a breach of the peace.
In connexion with this subject, we may here mention
that a little fourpenny pamphlet has been published—the
eight edition is before us —which contains a statement
of the sufferings to which the Dorchester Labourers were
exposed from the time they left this country to their return,
together with a Report of their trial, and a description of
Van Diemen's Land. It is drawn up by GEORGE Lovu-
LESS, one of the labourers.

We have received the whole of the Paris Journals of
Wednesday, with advices from Madrid to the 4th inst. in•
elusive. Their accounts are very unimportant. A ma-
jority of forty-four Deputies declared in favour of
General BERNARD'S Supplementary War Budget—
thus manifesting the omnipotence of the Cabinet
in the Chamber whenever the question is one of the
actual strength of parties. On the 3d the Madrid
Cortes voted the first article of the Bill for the new loan
by a majority of 120 against 6 ! This is decisive of the
fate of the measure.

The following brief extracts contain the only intelligence
of any moment to be found in these papers and advices :

NEWS FROM THE FRONTIER.
(Private Correspondence of the Constitutionnel.)
LOGRONO, APRIL 3.—Espartero left Lerma on the Ist of
Alp; it ; he marches to Soria, where the divisions of Firmin,
Iriarte and Van Halen are to assemble. Buerens, after
leaving one of his brigades at Valladolid, is gone with the rest
of his corps to Segovia. Philip Ribero is at Burgos with the
guards ; all our communications are free. The Junta of Leo-
nardo has appointed Merino Governor, and Zariategui Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of Castille.
The 4th Polish squadron is organising here; all four
squadrons will be under the command of Colonel Brokowaki,
the brother-in-law of Campazano, and Colonel Krajewski, who
now commands the cavalry of Van Halen.
The Carlist Chief, lirbistando, formerly Captain-General
of Catalonia, has published a proclamation to the inhabitants
of the principality, entreating them to wage war to the utter-
most with the Negros (the liberals.)
This thirst of blood is the common bond of the Carlists ;
but we are surprised to see the following passages in the pro.
clamation :

" Catalonians Fight for the King and our holy religion ;
be firm and devoted; do not follow the example of those in-
famous Navarrese, who fight for their fueros (privileges), and
invoke the name of our august Sovereign.
dbiltlrr ' 'me aurpaiion would recognise these fueros,
they would not hesitate to betray us ; perhaps they would dare
to give up King Charles to his enemies.
" Catalonians 1 Death to the Negroes—Death to the 13is-
cayans of the four provinces I"—Constitutionnel.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Paats, APRIL 11.
Five per Cents., 108 f. s'c. 60c. 45c. 40c.
Four per Cents., 1011. 25c.
l'hree per Cents., 81f. 80f. 90c.
Bank Actions, 2,670 f. 2,650 f. 2,660 f.
Rente de Naples, 95c. 100 f.
Roman Five per Cents., 103 10'2%.
Spanish Actives, 21 21N.
Spanish Passives, 434%.
Belgian Bank, 1,445 f.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. :0%.
Haytian Lian, 480 f.
EXCHANOR ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 55c.; money, 25f, 52,14. c
Three months, paper, 25f. 40e.; money, 25f. 3 t%c.
LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 f. tioc.
Three per Cents., iilof. 95c.
Bank Actions, 2,660 f.
Romans, 102%,
Belgian Bank, 1,415 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 2
Haytian Loan, 4801.
Spanish Actives, 21%.
Spanish Passives,

THE SUN, LONDON, rniDAy, APRIL 13, t3B

LITERATURE.

TAE BRITISH AND POREIGN REV lETV.
No. XII.
Taglor and Co.

In the choice, the masterly treatment, and the high
moral and intellectual purport of its articles, the " British
and Foreign Review" is hardly second to any of its distin-
guished quarterly contemporaries. Nothing can be sounder
than its logic ; nothing more impartial than its general criti-
cism, when the work under review happens not to be the pro-
duction of some individual who has wantonly, and in a spirit of
overweening and incorrigible vanity, rendered both it and its
author obnoxious to the severest literary censure. In such
a case the child is not spoiled by the non-application of the
rod ; and the liberality with which the punishment is inflicted
almost betrays a lurking respect for the old pedagogical
rule, that chastisements, like Janus, should look in a pros-
pective and retrospective direction, serving as the correc-
tion of faults committed and to be committed. To
" Hint a fault, and hesitate dislike,"
is no part of the Reviewer's system. He speaks out boldly,
intelligibly, and decidedly. " Mitford's Edition of the Works
of Gray," contains an able and comprehensive analysis of the
mind and character of the poet. The Reviewer, in our
opinion, over-estimates the value of the divine legacy
which the author of the " Bard" has left us. Gray was
both a sound and an elegant scholar ; he had more of the
materials of poetry at his command than any author of his
age; but the unhealthy morbidness of his temperament
marred his noblest purposes, and when we compare the
little he did with the great things he had the power and
the opportunity of doing, the disproportion is so enormous
as almost to stifle the expression of our just gratitude..
The " Present Position of Catholicism" is a masterly
article, written in a temperate and impartial spirit, and
well suited to the taste of the liberal and enlightened pro-
fessors of every creed. A great deal of useless, irritating,
and consequently anti-Christian controversy would be
avoided, were modern theologians to examine more care-
fully than they have hitherto done, the principles which
form the basis of the Catholic and Reformed religions.
We cannot sufficiently admire the equally clear and suc-
cinct manner in which the Reviewer states a question
which for upwards of three centuries has been the con-
stant theme of theological misconception :
" The first step towards a right view of the case, is to consider Catho-
licism and Protestantism, net as mere varieties in the form of Christia-
nity, but as essentially different principles in the human mind. These
principles are, on the one hand, faith or sentiment; on the other, reason
or the understanding. Metaphysically, they have been termed, the
principles of the infinite, and of the finite. To the former are re-
ferrable those qualities which are technically called spontaneous,such as
imagination, enthusiasm and perception of beauty; to the latter, such
operations as criticism, demonstration and experimental induction.
Bearing this in mind, we need not travel further into metaphysics in
order to perceive that Catholicism is strong, because it has its seat, as a
sentiment, in the heart; whereas the foundation of Protestantism con-
sists in the conviction which it affords to the understanding. Not, in-
deed, that the mass of Catholics are aware how much their religion is a
matter of feeling; or that a large proportion of Protestants have ever
ascertained the truth of their creed by demonstration, but are rather at.
tached to it by feeling, in the same way as the Catholics : not but that
the multitude of both persuasions take their religion upon no principle at
all, but as a mere accident, because they happened to be born in it
these circumstances do not affect the principles which we have stated to
be the basis of the two forms of religion, and which the history of the
Reformation and the centuries which have followed it abundantly con-
firm. Whilst, therefore, we see the substantial causes of difference be-
tween the two persuasions—causes which lie in the deepest recesses of
the human mind, and which operate not only in religion, but also in po.
litics and in every other great sphere of human action—we need not
trouble our readers with a recapitulation of such differences between the
two churches as are either of a dogmatical or ceremonial nature. There
is indeed between them a fundamental difference, but that difference, we
repeat, consists less in matters of doctrine or practice than in the compo-
sition of men's minds; and this is the real knot of controversy of which
three hundred years have but served to prove the insolubility."
The review of " Victor Hugo's Les Fair Interieurcs"
(the inward voices) is enriched with some beautiful speci-
mens of the poet's choicest verses. We select two stanzas
which will not fail to thrill with an exquisitely pleasurable
feeling the parental heart :
" How beautiful the child, with his sweet smile,
His eager voice, his trust unfearing guile,
His tears, dried as they fall ;
His looks, where wonder and delight are rife,
Still offering his nascent soul to life,
His kissing lips to all!
" Spare, mighty Lord ! spare me, and all I love—
Friends, brethren, kindred, even foes who move
'Gainst me in triumph wild—
From e'er beholding summer reft of flowers,
Beeless the hive, birdless the leafy bowers,
The house without a child !"
The review of the " Life of Sir Edward Coke," is rather
a philosophical essay upon the nature and tendency of the
influence which great lawyers have generally possessed in
the times in which they lived, and the effects of a legal
education regarded as a qualification for the duties of legis-
kAifen biography of the celebrated Chief-Justice of Eng.
land. In the main, the reviewer defends the old lawyers
against the charges of narrow-mindedness brought against
them by Bentham, of whose mental calibre and legislatorial
performances ho presents us with the following tolerably
correct outline :
" Mr. Bentham was himself deficient in the two faculties (observation
and analysis) which we have mentioned as wanting generally in law-
yers, and as indispensable to philosophers of first-rate power; and, like
the lawyers, he was strong in the ratiocinative faculty. This being the
case, it may seem rather odd that he should attack the lawyers so bitterly
as he has done, for the want of depth and comprehensiveness of view
which is so observable in himself. The apparent paradox maybe thus
explained. Mr. Bentham was a man in whom the love of fame and of
the oblique power thereby acquired, was stronger than the love of money
and the more common and direct forms of power. He therefore was
freed from that which is apt to blind lawyers in general to what is absurd
in their science; and he had acuteness and vigour enough of mind to
substitute certain more rational principles for some of the absurd ones
which he discovered. These new principles he adopted, and built upon
them a system of law which lie and some of his followers considered as
being not less the perfection of human reason, than Sir Edward Coke
and others considered the common law of England as being so, and with
about equal justice. For though there was much of what was absurd in
the English law, not to be found in Bentham's system, that system,
though grounded on a few rational principles, yet was constructed with
such a deficiency of philosophical power generally, and of comprehensive
knowledge of the philosophy of human nature in particular, that we
believe it to be not much more entitled to be deemed the perfection of
reason than the common law of England. Bentham's system, however,
may unquestionably be considered as calculated to supply useful hints for
the construction of a coherent, rational and practicable system of law.
" It is the tendency of a mind deficient in power of observation and
analysis to make theories that are deficient in comprehensiveness and in
conformity to truth and nature. It is much easier to construct systems
of a few materials modelled by the mind, than to take the materials which
the world affords, and out of these to construct a system. In the latter
case a much more difficult mental process is gone through than in the
former; for in the former there is nothing to do but construct an edifice
after the builder's taste, with materials selected according to his fancy; while in the latter the materials which the world furnishes are to be
taken to pieces; their various properties, with the relative importance of
each, are to be carefully examined and ascertained ; and then those ma..
terials are to be as carefully put together again in the new form best
adapted to answer the end In view :—in other words, the process of
analysis in its highest, its proper sense, that is, of decomposition and re-
composition, is to be most carefully performed. Perhaps the former
edifice may present as good or a better appearance to the eye than the
latter ; but then there is this important difference between them,—that
the latter is adapted to the use of this world, while the former is not."
We recommend to artists and the patrons of art, the ad-
mirable Review of the Lectures, Discourses, Disquisitions,
Criticisms, and Miscellaneous Writings, upon Sculpture,
Painting, and Engraving, by Reynolds, West, Barry, Opie,
Northcote, Burnet, Fuseli, Lawrence, Flaxman, Westma-
cott, Landseer, Hazlitt, Lamb, Bell, Milman, Hayden,
Shee, Richardson, Cunningham, Callcott, and a host of
others. Mrs. Trollope's " Vienna and the Austrians"
is severely handled. " The " Prospective Changes in
Mechanics" contains some very important suggestions
of the vast improvements of which London and its
vicinity is susceptible. We begin to fear that the pe-
riod is yet far distant when England will be roused
to redress the wrongs of Poland ; and ;therefore, while
we heartily sympathize with writers on this subject,
it would be a waste of time to quote such of their argu-
ments as address themselves to the cold, calculating " com-
mercial" understanding of the British people. The recep-
tion given by the Reviewer to " Pashley's Travels in Crete," is not more flattering than that very instructive work is
sure to obtain from every admirer of deep research, when
under the disciplined controul of a mind enriched with
the stores of scholastic and elegant literature. It is one
inTriddraetvtaheilalsttionhas appeared since the
of the best works of the kind
the Albania
long butan and
elaborate
pwubelimeaatyioiti
rOefaf"terrl ur
egvheers;s
disquisition on the advantages and defects of the British
system of colonization.

COUNT CAGLIOSTRO-3 VoLt.
Bull, London, 1838.
Count Cagliostro is a tale full of stir, and bustle, and in-
cident of the most exciting character. The reader's atten-
tion never once flags throughout it, with such skill and
spirit is the interest of the narrative kept up. The hero
is that well-known adventurer who figured in the saloons
of Paris, and distinguished himself in the affair of the
necklace, about which so much scandal was talked in the
Court circles of Paris, a short time previous to the break-
ing out of the revolution. He is here represented as
enacting the part of a juggler, and creating a sensation
among the Noblesse in the French metropolis, by his
slight-of-hand tricks and experiments in animal magnetism.
