lead been issued to'give his Excellency an opportunity of exa-
Mining ,minutely all the public establishments, &c., as he,
doubtless, would wish to do. His Excellency expressed his
intention of staying two months at Paris, and that he should
take pleasure in visiting every thing interesting in it. M. de
Chabrol then invited him to the fats intended to celebrate the
Coronation, at which his Excellency expressed much pleasure,
and said he would make a faithful report of it in his own
country.

(From the Courier Frangaise, May 9.)

We have jizst received a very curious document from Barce-
lona, which the length of the debates of the Chamber of Depu-
ties hinders us from inserting to•-day. It is a pastoral letter, by
which the Archbishop establishes an apostolic junta, consisting
of three priests of the order of St. Dominic, " to proceed to the
investigation and canonical punishment of all those transgres-
along which were formerly in the resort of the Holy Tribunal of
the Inquisition."

The publication of this piece has excited a most lively sensa-
tion in Catalonia, and cannot fail to cause new troubles in the

Peninsula.

FRENCH FUNDS..—PARIS, MAT 10. --Five per Cents.
opened at 101. 50. ; closed at 101. 50.—Three per Cents.
-opened at 74.- 85.; Rank Stock, 2,195. • Neapolitan Rentes,
91.; Spanish ditto,llll ; Royal Spanish Loan,sBf.—Exchange
on London, one month, 25.; three months, 424. 85.—(Cours
Autheatique.

I Extract of a Letter froze the Agent to Lloyd's at Zante, dated

April 41

" A Turkish fleet, consisting of four frigates and sloops, and
wren brigs, passed here on the 27th ult. for Patrass, and re-
passed ou the 31st ; it is supposed for Madone• A Greek fleet
'of from 25 to 34 sail is said to be off Cerigo, but this wants
teoafimation. His Majesty's ships Medina, Hind, and Weasel,
'sailed from this the day before yesterday, supposed for Patrass."

Under the head Dutch and German Papers
(received last night), in another part of our Jour-
nal, it will be seen that the French Government
hag renewed its Commercial Treaty with the
Ottoman Empire. This Treaty it appears was
obtained in spite of the efforts of the English
Ambassador to prevent its accomplishment, and
'so far is an instance of the rising influence of the
French Government with the Divan, and skews
corresponding decline in the estimation with
which the English Cabinet has been hitherto re-
garded by the SULTAN.

At a late hour this morning we received further
accounts from Germany. They seem to throw
some suspition both on the accounts of the victories
°l* the Turks over the Greeks, and the successes
(A. the Greeks over the PORTE. ODYSSEUS has
gone over to the Turks, and from his defection,
and shy increased forces of the Poturs, it appears
that
- the Greek cause has much to fear.—
PACIIA is certainly before Modon.—
The accounts from Catalonia give a distressing
relation of the internal state of Spain. But still
so virulent are the advocates of slavery, that the
A postolical.lunt'a go about Treadling-, that a Re-
presentative Government, and an Amnesty, are
designs emanating from the Devil. We give the
following extracts :-
611,X1Z GOTHA, APRIL 28. Every body is awaiting with
eng:er expectation the decision of the complicated case of the
right of succession to. our country. The most urgent recom-
mendations having been made in Vienna to come to a peace-
able and friendlarrangement, and a wish having been ex.
Pressed that 'the king of Saxony as related to all the parties,
Might be chosen as Mediator, the Dukes of Coburg and Hild-
bargliausen both sent Deputies to Dresden, viz. Hildburg-
httusen, M. Privy Councillor wn, and Coburg, M. Privy
Councillor botz, accompaniedby Count V. Fuschler, who is
settled in Bavaria, but has long held of the Duke of Coburg.
Or course the King of Saxony could only give friendly counsel,
but not consider himself as authorised to use his mediation till
care at
einengen formally expressed its assent to such a mea-
tak This assent has not yet been given, and the Deputies
"are This
left Dresden without any decision.
' The Grand Duke of Saxe Weimer was for several days dan-
gerotisly ill, in consequence of a cold, probably caught on the
lthikf_h_toth.e.th.eatre was burnt, and by his going to Eisenach,. in
","' Indisposition, to receive the newly married Duke of
xe Meinengen.
;attalticnuno, MAY 2.—A proclamation from the Duke has
Jaist been issued, announcing that the Hereditary Prince Paul
4,ririederick Augustine is betrothed to the Princess Ida, youngest
ti.eughter of the late Prince Victor Charles Frederick, of Anhalt
-tipihurg Schaumburg.
)ca pot APRIL 10.—The Captain Pacha is on
letirP.otri,t o (departing to commence the naval operations for this
IL believed, that his first attempt will be directed
pith
against Baanos. The Turks expect the conquest of that island
„_erath. eimre confidence to
, because the greatest distress is said
Tttet ieroe, in consequence of the bad harvest.
new frigate in which the Captain Pacha has hoisted his
flag is !;.a handsome vessel, carrying 40 guns. The acco.unts we
have h.itherto received from the Morea are at variance with each
but so much at least is certain, that on the 2d of April
Irol ttitri Pacha was still before Modon, fortifying himself.
4,011 this circumstance we may conclude what may.
Greeiaasel in the Peninsula with respect to the victories of the
t.„4,21 announced in accoluits front Napoli di Romania, ac-
Nay'og to which Ibrahim had been repulsed, in an attack on
contra with the loss of 4000 men, while the Turks on the
CalzuZ. affirm that he is in possession both of that place and
paths 41 , seems that with the first advance of Ibrahim
hlta It
Na.varino, whither the Greeks may probably
towns
retired designedly, the news of the taking of both these
but aaa,waas sent to Constantinople being anticipated as cer,taini
widi-."—,"lng is said of the obstacles which Ibrahim afterwardsme
sad it is therefore taken as granted here that both the Greek
and '" theurkish accounts are to be considered as exaggerated,
144ebaaisitinrr, first announce the entire destruction of the Egyptian
and the latter confess that Ibrahim was.intrtencliit-
ii most self near Modon, the result of the. first
.is e.v.esideanre.
cir-
suleuititattely that the reports of the Turkish vt.ctoti
term). 9.t with a view to paralyze the negociations at St. Pe.
ihrargli• But however unfayourably the first attem.pt.
aonf
seen penetrate penetrate into the Mona has turned out, the. Ma' ato place "4 as tl confidence in the operations of Redschid Pach ,
has
14)iie over Y are combined with those of Odysseus,
iii!prehe to the Turks, the Greeks may have good
Pitomi'i6ns•(Algeincine Zeitung, May 6.) grwouhond for
Nkin RHONE, APRIL 25.—1 n Catalonia. there_ are
inountain y indications of dangerous intrigues,
since th 8, where it now indulges its passions without rlyesitnrat.lll._het
'e departure of the French garrison from Cardona,
. which
'Pt all
that country in cheek. As long as a considerable
terru •ncli garrisoU remains in B. arcelona, there can be no great
of
e 0,1411 to tranquillity in Catalonia, as the Governor will
lie is organize moveable columns to restore order, to which fresh 'laid to he
„ authorised in case of need. In Ana on there are
tertalYn"ltoma of fermentation, anti apprehensions are still
of &Ili., ett for that province. In general the internal situation
its Zt", als very critical The Apostolic Junta must have given
they Lents new • - •
eY ataaa instructions to work on the lower orders, for
five (I'o7`" preach against the traitors who desire a Representa-
wlaeh :erriment, two Chambers, and a General Amnesty, all
taly b' It is added, are devilish plans, which can be kept down
apondefe e ,
rstoring the Holy Inquisition.--(Nuremburg Corre-
May 5. )

WALLACE last night brought forward his
t..rrtant motion for the Assimilation of the Brt-
-8 11 4"
Irish Currency, and carried certain Re-
uti°ll3 on the subject, a copy of which we give
