se" Prospectuses gratis.

___
.....—___________
.1, ii E TAILORS AND GENERAL OUT-
FITTING SOCIETY,
N 0,90, STRAND, LONDON.
THE Object of this !louse is to give Constant
, Employment to Good Workmen, and also to supply
pdostrious Females with Plain Work in the READY MADE LINEN and OUFI'rI'ING DEPARTMENT.
~ '
.Ttie Visible Advantage o 6 Purchasing Manufactured Goods
r CASH at such a period act be present, enables E. PAY NE
ti!tri co. to sell at such Prices as defy Competition.
Ore's Coats, from . .. Li 50 to I:3 3 0
meat Coat. . • - 210 0 sl5 0
tkable.ruilled Kerseymere Trowsers 1i 0 15 0
„I:lrreales .. • - 018 0 1 0
.IVisistroats - " O7 6 ole o
l'uutiling cloaks • ~ 110 o tt 10 0
b,sising Gowns - .., 014 0 11 0
,t4u4d Shirts for India . - 110 0 per Deem.
golie Sheets - - - 07 6 Ditto.
" 0 8 0 per Pair.
Pillow Cases : • . 014 0 per Dozen.
, Ight Caps - . . 04 0 Ditto.
u, t 4" Jackets - • . 0 4 6
•L'ig lit Trowsers _ 06 0 per Pair.
-
sw Liners Shirts of every Quality ready for immediate Use,
and all other articles equally Low.
,A,yr Gentlemen and others going Abroad, will find Great
.vantage by an early Application to the Agents...
***Opposite Southampton-street, Strand! ! !
-....._

PATENT HAT with a DOUBLE BRIM.
Complaints universally made of Hats
Manufactured on the Old Principle, that they break,
t "Alt the rain in the Brim, lose their shape, and get too large
ur the Head, induced

A, GALON and CO.
A,7"tait: his Majesty's Royal Letters Patent on the 27th of
"L1t126, fora NEW WATER-PROOF BEAVER
ttr 4', with a DOUBLE BRIM, which no rain can ever pe-
Zelltt, nor can the severest wear ever break. It can neither
its shape soften, nor 'alter in size, and for Colour, Ele-
kneefec and D' , Durability, it is unequalled : in fact, all the im-
--uunteme ...!tions coalition to other Hats are effectually removed and
te.
oT.rhitiHatd will also be found the most economical, as it will
'''EAR TWO made in the usual way.
sitj~Annfactured b Price 30 Shillings.
t.ecil.street y GALON and Co. 393, STRAND, oppo-

Patronised I,y the Royal Family, the Prince and Princess Es-
terttazy, the Prince and Princess Pulignac, His Imperial
Majesty the Empetor of Persia, and many High and Distin-
_gttished Personages,

nOWLAND'g K A LYDOR, for the Com-
plexion.
1 his admirable Specific resists the attack of Inclement
Weather, immediately allays the smarting Irritability of the
Skin, produced by Cold Winds 2 prevents the Skin Chapping,
and renders it peculiarly soft and pteasant, eradicates Freckles,
Pimples, Spots, Redness, and all Cutaneous Eruptions, gra.
dually producing a delicately clear and soft Skin ; transforms
even the most Sallow Complexion into radiant Whiteness;
resists the attacks of inclement weather, and renders the
harsh and rough skin beautifully soft, smooth, and even ; int-
parts to the Face, Neck, and Arms, a healthy and juvenile
bloom.
ROWLAND'S KALYDOR is equally indispensible in the
Nursery as at the Toilet. The most delicate Lady and Infant
may use it-with the assurance of safety and efficacy; it affords
immediate and soothing Relief in all cases of Inflammation.
'To Gentlemen whose Faces are tender after Shaving—slut-
medtately allays the smarting pain, and renders the Face pe-
culiarly pleasant.
ROWLAND'S KALYDOR is warranted to possess Balsamic
and Healing
Properties of surprising energy, and preserve
the Complexion either in Hot or Cold Climates, and so per-
fectly innocent that an Infant may take it. Price as. 6d. and
Bs. tid. per bottle, duty included.
CAUTION.--I 8 consequence of the high popularity of the
above article, base Impostors have imitated the Labels, Bills,
and Bottles. To guard against Imposition, it is necessary on
purchasing to ask for 1‘ ROWLAND'S," strictly observing
their Signature and Address in Red un each Bottle of the
Genuine Articles.
A. ROWLAND and SON, 20, HATTON-GARDEN.
Sold by them, and by all Perfumers and Medicine Venders
who vend their Celebrated MACASSAR OIL

rim fining Table - - 3 10. o
ilfahogany Sofa or Couch, covered in Horse-hair to
match Chairs - - ti 10 , o
Ditto • - - - 710 0
Ditto 0 0 ''
- 6 10 0
Ditto . - - - 910 0
Ditto - - - - 10 10 o
Cellarot Sideboard - - - 615 0
Ditto ' • - - 77 0
Handsome Pedestal Sideboard with oaryvtl Back 10 10 0
Ditto - - - - 12 12 0
-
Ditto ' . - - 15 10 0
. .
Ditto ' • - - . - 18 10 • 0
Ditto ' - . . . 22 10 o
Set of 4 ft. Mahogany Dining Tables, 11 ft. Gin. long 15 10 0
Ditto . • .
4 ft. 6 in. ditto - . . 17 10 0
4 ft. 6 in. ditto • - - 19 10 0
Small Dining Table on Patent Principle . 810 0
Ditto • - . . 910 o
Ditto - • -
. 10 10 0
3p.
Ditto * - - 12 12 0
Mahogany Plllor and Claw Table • 315 • 0
Ditto . . . - 44 0
Mahogany Tray.atand - - 08 0
Butlers° Tray
0 12 o
~. .
Patent Sandwich Tray, Brass Lock a 18 0
Mahogany Music Chair, inlaid with Brass . 20 0
Music Stool covered in Morocco - • 16 0
Music or Chair - - 41 8 0
8 lifishogany Chairs, 6 and 2 elbows, covered in
Horse-hair - - -
8 Trafalgar Chairs, Loose Seats, DWI% Moulded
8 do. Best Spanish Wood - .
Set of Mahogany Card and Sofa Tables., branded in
Rosewood -
Set tlittOon Pillar and Claws
Ditto - .. • -
Ditto
Ditto, the Best that can be made . .
Elegpnt Dining room Window Curtains, eornished,
lined and fringed - .
Ditto ditto
Ditto, the Best that can be mask, gold cornidi, silk
fringe, &c. - - -
Drawing-Toon) Couch
Ditto - - - -
Ditto, (the Best that can be made)
Drawing-room Trafalgar Chairs, each
Ditto inlaid with Brass, do.
Ditto, ditto, do.
Best Horse-hair Cushion
Common ditto - . . - -
Real Rosewood Drawing-room Tables, in two Card
and Sofa, . - - - 19 0 0
Ditto ditto - - - 21 10 0
Ditto, French polished, Carved Lion' Claw . 20 5 0
Elegant Drawing-room Curtains, each - 00 0
Ditto - . - . - 77 0
Ditto - . • . - - 88 0
Rosewood Tea-Caddies, of all kinds of Fancy, from I.os. to 28s.
Imitation Rosewood Canterbury - - 1 12 0
Mahogany ditto - - 1 12 0
Chimney Glass - .11. 181, V. 75., and 10 10 0
Japanned Rosewood Cheltioneer, Silk Front 2 10 0
Ditto, do. - . :t 10 0
Ditto, do. - - 715 0
Ditto, do. •
Lady's 'Work Table, ,Mahn any „-
Ditto, with Silk Bag and Fnnged, N. 011-1
Pair of Pole Fire &wens inlaid with Brass . 33 0
Pair of Screen Tables - - 210 0
Foot-Stool of any description - - 07 0
Japan Book Shelves - - - 07 0
Rosewood do. - - 010 0
Mahogany do. . . - 1U 0
Rosewood Loci Tables, 81.101., 9/.105., 101.105., &12 12 0
All Feather Beds warranted free from dust or smell, or the
Money returned. W. WILMS ELL, Agent.
Country Dealers au lied.--Goods Packed lit for all parts of
Great Britain and to the Eastand West Indies. Captams fitted
41- 'IC,: and :1 155 t) 000
Out, and Merchants supplied with Cabinet Goods for Exporta-
tion. Apartments Furnished at a few hours notice, anti Houses
in two or four days.
(ri• All Goods fur the Country must be paid for on Delivery
at the Wharf.
All kinds of Drawing and Dining Room Curtains and Bed
Furnitures of every description Made-up and Re-cleaned for
Town and Country, by sending your own Cotton.

7 0 o
10 10 o
12 12 0

-8 15
- 14 10 o
- IS IS o
- 17 15
20 It)

6 B o
7 7

10 10 o

•6 6 0
0
-7 7 o
•1 2 0
•-1 6 0

-0 5 6

0 4 6

•.
GUI LDHA LL.
it few days since it was discovered that the crown of the arch
over the river Fleet, at Holborn-bridge, was in an extremely
dangerous state, and could not long withstand the immense
pressure from the number of heavily laden vehicles which daily
pass over it. In order to repair the era, the carriage-way has
been broken up; and all carts, coaches, &c. going in that line,
have been compelled to turn off through the avenues leading
into Ludgate-hill and Fleet-street, where the assistance of an
extra number of constables has become necessary to prevent
the occurrence of obstructions. The officers have mostly found
the drivers a very unmanageable set of fellows; and four of
them were summoned yesterday before Mr. Alderman Bridges,
for having assaulted them by cutting them with their whips.--
They were fined 20s. each. The driver of one of Mr. Staple.
ton's dust-cats was tined 10s. for lutving overturned a light cart
belonging to the Carriers' Company. Another of air. Stapleton's
men was summoned for having caused an obstruction in Fleet.
street. Alit. Waithman took occasion to observe, that more ob.
struction was caused by Mr. Stapleton's men than by any other.
Mr. Stapleton promised to abate the evil complained of, and
the defendant was dismissed. Mr. Alderman Bridge* corn.
plained that in the summer, the passengers were almost choked
withwho performed their duty in the
atEsif an early hour in the morning.—
n said, if he were paid adequately, he would have
all the scavengers' work pertormed by torch light.
dust
a ulo:itf ebtihoyet day,he instead of

UNION-II A !AL.
Jaws Wright, who was head butler to Mr. Maberly, M.P.,
' of Shirley llopse, near Croydon, Surrey, was charged on sus-
picion of having stolen the sum of 4601. the property of his
master. It appeared, that the money in question, which was in
sovereigns and bankers' cheques, was deposited in a tin cash-
box, and was placed within an iron chest that stood in the pantry.
The plate belonging to the house was usually kept in the same
chest, a key for which the head butler, the under butler, and Mr.
Davis, the steward, had In their possession. The prisoner slept
In the pantry where the chest stood. On Saturday night ho
went to bed about twelve or one o'clock, and on the following
morning the money was missing. Whoever the thief might
be, it was evident he had concealed the box in the house,
which is surrounded by very high palisades, and it seemed a
singular circumstance that nothing else had been taken from
the plate chest but this identical box. When Mr. Maberly
was apprised of the loss, fie summoned all the servants be.
fore him, anti it was remarked that none of them appeared so
agitated as the prisoner. Pople, an officer, was dispatched to in-
vestigate the matter, and, when he examined the servants, none
of them exhibited the apprehensions and agitations manifested
by the prisoner. He said to Pople in a careless manner, " (lb I
there is no doubt but the money will be yet found about the pre-
mises t" and when the officer asked him if he knew any thing
about it, he said, I " hope and trust the mow will never be
found now, on account of the steps Mr. s.lwberly has taken to
have it restored, by sending fur constables."7—in his defence,
the prisoner declared to his God that, he was innocent; he had
been 16 years in service, and never Wine the present instant
v‘.lul accused
h c verily. e do
ia
h Y crimee d the
ev ewh3ttveprr.i—seter hil iritmahwl,however,
swore committed the
robbery, and he was therefore remanded.

BOW-IiA`REET.
Sir Ricirann Timmy transacted business- in his private
room yesterday, being unable from indisposition to take his
scat in the Office as usual ; the public, however, were not ex.
eluded. Little of interest occurred, except the conviction or a
man for hawking sand, in which Ciiite Mr. ALLEY attended for
the prosecution, and us it involves u point or law, whether this
description of persons come under the Act, notice of an appeal
was lodged by the defendant.
The worthy Magistrate in the course of the morning received
a donation a two sovereigns, in aid of the private fond from
which he relieves deserving objects. They were sent by a gen.
demon of the name of Roberts, who, on these terms, consented
to forego a complaint against two persons, who had committed
an aggravated assault upon him at his own door.

Mr. CONtiT, the Chairman of. the Nlicifilesex
Sessions, is still mentioned as about to retire on account of ill-
health and increasing weakness ofsight. Alr. Alarriot, a Bar-
rister of some practice in Chancery, has officiated as Chairman
for 111 i. Const, and hence has been mentioned as the probable
successor ; but Air. .le.sopp is named as likely, to succeed Air.
coi4t, in the event of that gentleman retiring,

" Bloomsbury-place, Jan. 26, 1826.
" Dear Sir—Anxious, as I certainly am, to agree with my
parishioners, and to prevent the good understanding that has sir
long subsisted between them and me from being interrupted,
I regret it is not in my power to accede to the offer made to me.
of 1,8001. per annum, in lieu of Tithe,. With a view, how-.
ever, to prevent litigation, lam willing to accept a clear and•
net min of 2,100/. per annum, to commence from Christmas'
lar.4 and not to be. liable to any taxes, rates, or other deduc.
none whatsoever;, and I should hope the Patrons of the Living.
- .
will come into such an arrangement, and will concur in an ap-
plication to Parliament to confirm it..
" I am, dear Sir, yours,very faithfully,
" 11.,ME5."
The Committee delegated two Gentlemen tool wait on the
Vicar, to know whether he would make any alterations in, the
terms, and to ascertain what were-the opinions of the 'Patrons
on the subject ; when he declared that he would not take the
proffered sum of 8,0001. ; and they afterwards received a note
from hint, stating, that the Patrons of the Living would not
give their consent to the sum propted by the parish ; " being
decidedly of opinion, that 2,100/. was tholeast that could be
reasonably accepted."
J
oarEs' said, that as amember of the Church of Env land, and as one of the Committee who had done all in then',
power to obtain an amicable arrangement; it was extremely',
painful to be obliged to make any observations on this extrsor-
dinars, refusal. When they looked at the condition of the parish,
the offer would appear in the highest degree liberal. It con-
tained 1,87* houses, and of these
,1,0n4 were placed at a
rent under 20/. per annum. It was said by the Vicar, that
he was anxious to agree with his parishioners. 'That was an
observation of which he (Mr. Juries) could not help saying lie
doubted the sincerity, when he saw such an enormou exaction
set tbrfin—(llear, hear 4)—The ekpression that he was willing
with it view to prevent litigation, to accept a dear and net rent
02,100/. WAS singular, tbr the word litigation had not yet been
mentioned by his parishioners.—((tries of "shame.)—The corn.,
mittee had directed his attention to a point of honour with
him as ushis declaration ; when the perish, instead, of the. an-
cient soodus, consented to allow him lc in the pound, lie de-
clared he would never raise it above that awn. Ile now denied-.
having made any such declaration. It was true that the inha-
bitante who matte this agreement with him were 1108 all deed,
but they had, during their lifetime, solemnly assured their
fellow parishioners that such had been the case, and the act
of the Vicar corroborated the fact. Ile charged Is. in the poi-al,
which produced a handsome income, until in the year 1818,
when he sent round a notice that he meant to take Is. Bd. in tha
pound front all new inhabitalits. Why from the new hills
taints, except he felt that by taking Is.. ltd. in the pound, lie
should he acting in violation of a solemn promise he had.
made to the old, which he might consider did nut bind hint'
with respect to new comers.--(llear, hear !)—A great deal wag
justly said respecting the pertbrruance of those clericaldutiea
fur which he .charged so much. It was notorious that they
were performed in a manner which he (Mr. Jones) did not hest.. tate to characterize as disgraceful. The thousand poor inhabi-
tants of this parish rarely, it' ever, saw him. The duties tor
which he charged 2,100/. were performed by deputy, at thereto
of 1404 per annum.—(Cries of shame !)--They Inula wnrkhouse
densely populated, and their miserable tenants were never vi-
' sited, either by the Vicar or'his Curate.—(Cries of shanie.)—
The poor went unheeded, and this perish abounded with
them. took at the parish flow large a portion or it con-
sisted of courts and alleys, formed of the most wretched tine-•
ments. Their most eminent street was Grub-street, which
I was renowned lbr Its poverty. Mr. , Peel, in answer to the
complaints ofexactions in one parish made use of the reply of the Catholic Clergy, in their demand for this Bill, and declared'
that the citizens were stout.because of their riches, and would
• not pay. Now the parishioners in this case might say the re-
verse; they, were poor, anti would pay, and that too most wee,
ratty.—(Hear!)—But it was professed by some of the Clergy,
that they were willing to imitate the example of the excellent
Bishop of Chester. There the Vicar asked Is. lid, from the
parish, which was poor, as he had mentioned; the Bishop of
Chester took only ls. 111. in the pound, or 2,000/., and that pa-
rish contained 11,001 houses, of which only 800 were under
40/. per annum. The Bishop attended and preached time
timer per day, and took care dun his Curate :mended every
Sunday at the workhouse, to preach and administer consolation
to the poor and the sick.—(boud cheers.)-111r. slimes conduit,
ed by expressing Ilia conviction that the Vicar, let him do as
he pleased with the rack rem, let him charge and exact as he might, would not raise more than was otkred to Mira ; for large
deficiencies occurred in the much 'mistier sum which the perish
raised to maintain all its poor. lie (Mr. Jones) therefore
advised that the Vicar should be left to proceed as he chose.--
(Cheers.)
The Report was then agreed to.
Mr. Alderman Woon said, he was quite surprised at the re-
fusal of the Rector to take the sum offered. Ile had persuaded
a Gentleman, who moved as an amendment that the sum of
0)001. ahouldhe offered to withdraw it, anti consent, kir the
sake of avoiding the terrible expense end uncertainty at it
Chancery suit, to the sacrifice of 1,1100/- fie recommehded the
meeting to petition Parliament t at least they would have the
satisfaction of making their grievances known, and it would
cost them nothing. Ile should- move for leave to repeal the'
Act under which these unjust exactions were Made.---(Cheers.)
A Resolutien was proposed that the Committee shoultkpre-
pare a petition to Parliament.
AIL /Whim,' declared that he considered the duties a•
the parish well performed ; the curates had been.men of
nence;'who from their merit had claimed preferments in other,
places.

Several Parishioners, with great warmth, here contradicted.
Mr. Ilrogden, and, deClared that
perform their duhatever might
ties be the learn.
ing of the Curates, they did nutand
that the Vicar neglected tlwm.
Mr. Ilnotiurrr said, he thought that for the mere sum of
300/. in addition, it would he unwise to embroil the parish
and h , therefore, recommended the Parishioners to consent to
the sum of 2,1004 [Cries of Not a terthing mare... it's toer
much already !"1
After an exceedingly warm discussion, in which great Wits•
tion was manifested by the Parishioners, the Resohition for
Petition to Parliament was carried unanimously.
•

ss
'W•dnesday night, as the north snail was
proceeding from hence to Lancaster, the horses, in going down
the hill near Barton-lodge, became unmanageable, and- dash.
ed on at a furious rate till they reached the bottom, where.
our readers will remember, is a remarkable sharp turn of the
road; there the coach turned, and in an instant, coachman,
guard, and outside piwsengers, lay scattered in various direc-
tions) The result of this accident has been considerable person.
al injury to all who were in or about the vehicle, in a greater
or less degree I but by the two outside passengers, one of the
insides, and the coachman, very serious hurts have been re-
ceived. The two former were so badly wounded, that it was
found necessary to have them conveyed buck to Broughton,
where they now lie, The inside passenger, to whom we next
allude, was a clergyman, and although h a collar-bone was
broken, he preferred going forward to Lancaster by ;he coach.
The martini:in was also much maimed ; and being unable to
take further charge of the horses, they were driven, on the
journey, after a delay of two hours, by the guard. The fre-
quent recurrence Of such accidents
_certainly calls aloud sloe
some remedy, We understand the rate itt which the mad is
compelled to travel is nine miles an hour, including st"PPgr';'
and to enable this work to be performed, swift and hign-tnet-
tied cattle are employed ; it into tfiese vircuntowes,
wetear we are to look for the causes of so many tattastrophes_
it the prethat any blame What_
ever is attributed ,to the coachmen t it semis, that in .prOei to
keep li
were hurtled forward till unhappily
li, tune,
imerirt, instance,the
horses we do net And
they defied restraint, We eon only say, that if the same rate
of travelling is enforced, and these accidents cow inue to be re-
peated, it is extremely probable the mail will soon go its.
journey without :toy passungers et a11...-(t resten Pilot }

PALM! A AI ENT.

HOUSE OF LOit DC, Fut. 8.

Lord LiIFFORD having taken his net on the Woolsack
As Seaker, the names of the Peers were callcd over, in order
to ha by ballot the rotation of the attendance for hearing A.p.
p 0015.041 the motion of the }ark of SitarTssnuni, the Peers
who had been exeu.sed last Session on account of age, were
ag.iin molted in this. Several Noble Lords were also excueed
on other grolinde.
A person from the office of the Secretary of State for Ire-
presented various papers, pursuant to Act of Patna.
nient.
A person from the Treasury presented accounts and other
papers relating to the Levant Company.
A person from the office of the Deputy Clerk 9f the Crown
for Ireland presented the return to the writ for the election of
ft representative Peer for Ireland, in the room of the late
. Earl of Donoughniore, in whose stead Lord Farnham has been
chosen.

PETIT lONS.
Lord CURZON presented a petition from the inhabitants
of IVitham, in Essex, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Earl s er;N CE R. presented a petition to the same effect from
Portsmouth.
The Earl of SII FTE'SBURY presented a petition froM the
retail dealers of Macclesfield against the importation of foreign

TREATIES.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL laid on the table by command
of his Majesty, copies of the commercial treaties lately con-
cluded with Colombia and other Powers.
OF VICE •OF CLERK. ASSISTANT.
Lord (11 F FOtt D read a letter from Mr. Cowper, stating
that from infirmity he was unable to attend to discharge the du-
ties of his office, and begging that their Lordships would be
pleased tit accept his resignation. lle further begged leave to
lay before the House the deep sense of the gratitude lie felt for
the attention they had paid to him during the one and fbrty
years in which he had been their servant.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL, was sure there could be but one
opinion in the House as to what ought to be done on hearing
the letter which had just been rend. Ile was sure their Lord.
ships would willingly take the earliest opportunity to record
the sense they entertained of Mr. Cowper's services. ile
therefore gave notice that to.morroa lie would bring for.
ward a motion for approving of Mr. Cowper's conduct, and
for addressing his Majesty to bestow a reward on that gentle.
man's services. •
TI E STANK CII A UTE .--551 ALL Nuns.
The SW of LIVERPOOI. moved for certain papers on the
subject of the correspondence between the Directors of, the
Bank of England and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
"the Marquis of LANsDOWN thought that many other
papers, beside% those to which the Noble Earl had alluded,
were necessary, in order to throw new light on the measure
that ought to be take!) to meet the evils which had been expe-
rienced. A notice of a motion for papers relative to the cur-
rency of' Ireland stood for Thursday next; and he would, with
the leave of the liouse, on that same day, move for such in.
formation as appeared to him to be memoir), on the subject of
the circulation of Bank notes in this country. Ha certainly did
not mean this motion in hostility to the measures which the
Noble Earl opposite was about to bring forward, and was only
induced to make it, in consequence of his opinion of the neces-
sity of obtaining all possible information before the measure
should be discussed. He moved that their Lordships be sum.
moped for Thursdey next, which was ordered.
The Bad of LIVERPOOL apprehended that the motion
alluded to was meant to be of a very extensive nature, and
therefore hoped that the Noble DI tirquis would take an oppor-
tunity to give hint some information of the particulars, in
order that it might be ascertained how far it was .practicel to
obtain the papers. For his own part, he wits moat desirous that
all possible infOrmation should be afforded on the subject. It
was under consideration, whether all parts of the measure of
which he had given notice on Thursday last should proceed
together in another place, or whether one of the Bills should
net originate in their Lordships' House. Ile would pm.
tiably be enabled to-morrow to give n notice on this huh-
ject. The Bid' that he might have to introduce, would be a
e short on and ,theit Lords tips would have full time for its
consideration.
The Earl of' LAUDERDALE was of opinion that when
the Bill to which the :Wile Earl alluded should be brought
forward, it would be proper for him to give the !louse some in-
formation of the nature of threavitole of the measures intended
to 'be brought fnrwurd. Their lAndehips ought not only to
• know the nature and tendency of' the Bill which might origi-
nate with theill, but ought also to have x Old explanation of
that under coosideration in the other House. Tide inflame-
don wits indhipmisable, becamee• the measures might appear in a
very different light according as they were considered together
or separately.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL perfectly agreed with the Noble
•Lord who had just spoken, and should have no objection, when
the bill of which he had given notice inighthe before the Douse
or state the nature of the whole of the measures which were in
contemplation. He must, however, observe, that there was
tsa
danger of any difficulty of the kind which the Noble Earl had
suggested, arising in this came. It certainly was true, that two
measures might be good together, and yet very had separately;
hat he was ready to contend that the measures mmsestion were
good either eeparately or together. Nevertheles, he could
have no objection to give, on the second reading of the bill,
every information which their Lordship. could desire.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE thought the information
promise&by the Noble Lord indispensable, for their Lordships
.might,Very well approve of a measure taken in connexion with
another, and disapprove of it if it were to by considered sepa-
rately. •
The Earl of CARNA RYON took that opportunity, of
stating that he wished to obtnin, as far es could be, an accurate
account of the Bank of England notes Which had been in
'circulatiox at dinitent periods clown to the preient time, and
beginning with the year 1790. Ile was also desirous of ob-
taining an account of the number and amount of each kind
of notes issued by private bankers during the same time.—
• The reason he went so far back was, that this extent of {dor.
madou appeared to him necessary for the due consideration of
the subject of which the Noble Isarl had given notice. ,'The
withdrawing of the 11. and '2l. notes from circulation would
be a measure of immense importance as these notes formed
the medium by which the whole agriculteral business of the
country was carried on. Their Lordships, he,c.onceived would
nod it necessary, in considering this subject to go back as far
as possible, and to look. at. what had been the state of things
on former occasions of difficulty and distress, and to ascertain
how far the protein embarrassments arose from speculation or
avertraditig. He therefore thought it necessary, in Arcking
information, to go back at least to a period anterior to the year
179'2, and he thought It right'now to apprise the Nubile Earl
of his intention. While he was up he ebould put one question
to the Noble Earl. lie wished to know Whether It was his in.
tendon to appoint a select Committee to inquire into the dim-
tress of the country, and the state of the circulating
it had been his purpose, in case the Noble Earl did not move
for a Committee, to submit a proposition to that effect to their
Lordships ; but us die Noble Earl had given notice of a bill,
he should wait to hear what might pass on the introduction of
that measure, before he proceeded farther.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL had no intention of Moving for
any Committee of the kind referred to by the Noble Earl.
Lie
begged to remind the Noble Earl before he made the motion
of•which he bad given tunice that he would obtain the infor-
mation he wunted with much less inconvenience than by the
course he hail suggested, it' he would take the trouble of re-
ferring to the reports made to the [louse in the year 1797, and
dust which wee preseuted by the last Committee in the year
11119. Ile was desirous that the most ample information should
be afforded ; but for the reason be had stated, be would recent-
mend it to the Noble bard to build his motion:At papers which
were already before the House.
The Earl of HA ItRO IV BY concurred in recommending tote
course suggested by his Noble Friend. The Noble Earl would
find that the House was already in possession of much of the
• infiirmation he wanted, anti that it would only be necessary for
him to continue the series of accounts down to the present time.
' This would save the trouble of drawing up all the accounts
over again, and there would he no occasion to call Mr fresh re.
term, unless there appeared to be some very strong reason for
so itoing.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE said, that a great variety of
returns relative to !tank notes had been at different times made
to the Muse ; some were for weeks, others tin months, guars
rers, and years. He had no doubt that his Noble Friend
would find the information he wanted, down to the period.
which had been mentioned, in detached accounts in the Par-
liament office. lie had risen to submit a motion to which he
sup red there would bola tion
course. It was for a
ange n acc with
oft he market price of gaunthe of exchith
amburgh, Paris, and Lisbon, during the years 1094 and
10'211.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL suggested that the years 1021
art! 1023 should be included.
The Earl of LA UDERDA I,k, had no objection to go buck
as far as the Noble Earl wished.
Lord EI,LENBORt)UtIII was anxious to have all the in-
formation which could possibly be obtained by separate mo-
tions before the discussion of the general measure should be
entered lawn. From what had been stated, it appeared that
sonic of the information expected would not be procured till
after the firm discusaion. He, however, did nut wish to he
