Ili i; .

iscgat it ed
The remaining chi/uses being gd,ie!titriigh, the
1311 %vas rewirteil trithont any Amendment.
1,...:11-1 STANHOPE:: reported, to the Ihnesc, that
their Lordships' Deputation had that day attend-.
kti the Prince Regent, in oiller, with the Coat-
luring, to priscnt the AdtlieStett of both Houses,
Ailit that his Royal Highness' was pleased to sa:4,
unit the House of Lords Mundd he informed, that
be had rveciyed their Address, -and that dlrettiiins
shoultrbe given accordingly.
SLAVE TRADE .1130MTIrre:.

The Martinis of LANitiokeNi., ,dveirrid tó the'
A'rtiele in the Treaty of Palk relative to the Afri-
rAtt T fade. He !tut impute any negtect
fi; Alaie‘ty's Government on the ocra,ion ; put
a view to the sAtistavnion of thy !lose (in
that topic, be wished to he iotormed ,viiether
Were atkpled 111 Concert with die (;0:-
t.o.iiiitent of !France, tvi h tiew to vilect- .g,e-
nerd'
- The Earl Of LIVENPOOL felt the ittyortanee
following op that stiptilatfuti, as tar a''. it iv I, pi's-
Ifiele. lie assured the !`f IClar'ipii;, that
Ciovernment had not iii glectett tileir
Corks in that particuldr ; and that dlienssions
were let wally in progress with t view to the
idfectrtittiOn of the desired object, bat thit nothing
hard.ris yet train-pirect,.that could ri:gulaily he halt
Tiefoie ; and he lit ther the
iii die course ;if the'll.ch.css, the sub-
jeet would be atr:tiowdy attetitfed to lix his illl-
- Government.
itEt;NTRAT,i()>: 6F VISTVIti;-
.ANC;ES.

Lord floLesNts, purstriirst • to his votice, rose
:to bring forwat d his Motion on t his'sn which
tie prefaced wit it a speech of considerable length.
in the-course of this he observed, thel°>topOsirioa
to was again to pi (Tose (mine recommended by the
previous concorrenee of the other [louse of
; and he had the further satisfaction of
titowing it watt' apprdved by the grektet part of
those who hitherto entertaiocd dHferent opinions
tespecting the great suh:,sert of which it formed
part ;• and also of those persons :tv host intet ests
*ere naturally opposed to each other, relinively
to that great subject. Next to the ;peat measure
Of the Abolition of that inhuman a ndexecrable
I ritbe, the African Slave Trade, the improvetucut
of the condition of t hose persons who weVe tlenihr-
td itr a stole of slavery in or\Veilil In Colth:ics.
vvms certainly lire triost ,lesirrible object. -Ile would
not enter Musa &failed view of the unhappy evevs
which took place at Bat baIIOCS ; they were mat-
trrs of too much notoriety; bin he could not suf-
.
' ficiently praise the excellent Proclamation of 1;v-
-neral Leith (a part of Which he quoted) as most
• happily calculated tts restore order ante tp•antl,oiniqy
to thcet distracted' Corooy. The causes %vete jolt-
ly held nut to he a delusion prevailing orintog the
black population oldie Islands,,result fug frothmis-1
topresentations which were held out reds-:cititg Hie
projected If egistry Rill, and the'diseni,tons which
bad to place its tire British Pa dim:tent actin the
Subject. !lhough roost an3iotts' fait' the object rat'
',mei, a measure, yet he could not kelp soyiug, that
Its thoteght the measure was introlkteed 111 pre-r•
Monody. lie regretteti the hea's and tervonr
tvhich took place in thesediseussions, but doe al-
lowance stundd,be made tot' hanion failings ; told
be thought., upon reflection, the pretutliecs against.
11 Registry }gill would appear to lie ill-founded.
Tliouglt he felt thus, yet he thouplut, I fore
course was had to positive filtactment on the
feet by the British Parliament, the effect 'of' strong
recommendation to the•Joettifiegidutnres shooht
tried ; and that it was not until local measures had
failcki that the Imperial Parliament should inter-,
pose with o strong hand. His Lordship then c%-
patiated with great force upon the beneficial conse-
quences that woad• result front introdneing a system
of moral and reli;;ious instruction e',:nong theblark
ifeople of the Islands; btit more particularly a,tnoog
the latter, anti is !dell religious instruction, he
thought', should be tlie system which the plant ets,
their masters, professed. After glsncing slightly
:it the effects whieh resulted from the interreeen,!e
of the Missionaries of Sectarian Christians, lie
expressed his opinion the subject was worthy the
'Berioas and immediate attention of the Esta-
blished Church, which, he ratheK feared, was not
sufficiently active ou the occasion. Ile anti'd-
pated the cordial cohenrrence of the:r Lordships
tit the-Address he WaS about rn propose as tiny
ether course may be construedinto a difference of
opinion with the other Must on a .subjeet ot'
such momentints impOrtauce, lilt tiTgued„ that,
the adoption of a proper system for the improve-
Meta of the conditiOn of the Nfaves iii out' Co:-
lonieo; Would, among other beneficial effects,
tend to 'counteradt that decrease in numbers,
which has 'take!' place more or less : passing 011
then to tire consideration of alleged illicit inipor
lotion of Slaves, respecting which so much had
been said, tie itedlarctt his opinion that gross miss
calculation or exaggerations had prevailed on that
stibjeet,, as in hi's conviction the practiae did not
obtain, or at knit not to any eitent worthy of se-
lion.; consideration. After expatiating more or
less on these kitting, topics of his genertil tuthject,
the 'Noble Lord concluded by moving al) AVICIECti3
Pt the' rehtee Regent, nearly similar to that pro.
posed lately in„ at ball eed to by the other noose
of Palliaraelit, for the royal interference 'and di-
rections towards the adoptiOn cif reiutbesi ern the
paft of the Colonial !.overninenis, as may tend
sty counteract or remove the evils adverted to its
contle Of his Spueeli.
End BAT !Mule a few observations on the
subject, butt trot in opposition to the Noble Lord's
nfotion. He stated that it appeared the evils were
lair entirely cooffned to Barbadoes, hut in some
degree a spirit...or the kind had manifested itself in
ocher tsrands: The di tittballcts et'er•e,rittenibeti in
Bitrbadoes with a groat lads of property. Iu
some degree this unhappy disposition, he
th,,00t,, was owing to the cause adverted to
by the Noble Lord, and he seemed of opi-
nloo that remedial nieasusures had better be
tried op the port of the Colimial Governments, 19-
fore rceourse was had to the interference of the br.,-
riarliinnent, Tberp was no di‘poc:tion oo
I he }alit of this country to interiere with the local
;onion ities. of the colonies. He agreed in the
policy as well as in the humanity of ejideavonnug,
evcr, practicable means, to i!uprove and ante-
-I.6late.the'cunditioa ut the I,slaves-in our Colonies, t
