a:alL .

A rtved. Due. Arrived. Y Due.
a America l 1 France 0
0 13,4;1
....... 0 1 Guern. it Jersey 0
fl Baenoß A yreg 0 0 Hamburg........ 4
0 n 0 Holl.-..nd
puithn... Je.maica
1 lianekr, . 0 0 Leeward Islands 0

Arrivcd Due
0 Listen ...... 1
Mslra
0 141ex:c0—...» ..... 1
0 Oetend.. .... 0
5weden...........
1 Waterford

HIGH WATEIT. AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Nlorninff.

M A L-ADMINIST R ATION OF BRITISWINDIA7-
pARBURY'S ORIENTAL HERALD,
No. 11., will be published, on Wednesday, 31st inst., and
contain a highly interesting article on the above important subject,
other original papers, and the very latest intelligence from all parts
of India, China, Australia, &e.

Published Monthly. Price 2s. 6d.
Parbury and Co., S. Leadenhall-street, and all Booksellers, who
have just published Slade's Colloquies between a Phrenologist and
the Shade of Dugald Stewart. Small Bvo, elegantly bound in
cloth, 7s. 6d.

TIIE FEBRUARY NUMBER OF

COLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY
MAGAZINE AND HUMOURIST,
EDITED BY THEODORE HOOK, Esq.

CONTAINS:-
The Gurney Papers. By the The Phantom Ship. By Cap -
Editor. tain Marryat.
The Diving Bell—Captain Pal- Reminiscences ; or, a Page from
coner's Adventures. the Book of Life.
Female Portrait Gallery, from The Manager's Note-book—Ma-
Sir Walter Scott. By Miss thews, Mrs. Abingdon.
Landon. Trade-it ional Confessions—The
Little Pedlington in a Pucker. Pawnbroker.
By the Author of " Paul Pry." Tale of aVniturc. By Benson Hill.
Some Passages in the life of Choice of a Bride, by Francis
Major Gahagan. Grwme.
Conversazione, &c. &c.
3, Great Marlborough-street.

Henry Colburn, Publisher, 1

ANTI-SPOTTISWOODE SUBSCRIPTION
Subscriptions to defeat the purpose of the Spottiswoode
Confederacy continue to be received at—
Messrs. COCKS and BIDDULPHS, 43, Charing-cross.
Messrs. BOUVERIE and Co , 11, Haymarket.
,Messrs. PRESCOTT, GROTE and Co., 62, Threadneedle-street.
Messrs. LADBROKE, KINGSCOTE and Co., Bank-buildings.
J. E. HOVENDEN, Chairman of Corn
mittee of Managment.
tritish Coffee-houso, Jan, 29.

THE QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. CXXI.,
WILL BE PUBLISHED TO-MORROW.
John Murray, Albemarle-street.

The publication of Tax Sun NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITPI WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
TUESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 30, 1882.

In the Hots of LORDS last night, additional papers relating
to Canada were ordered. Lord MELBOURNE named Friday
for taking the second reading of the Canada Bill.
Lord BROUGHAM—(to the perusal of whose accompanying
powerful and truly eloquent speech we invite our readers)—
presented a petition, with between 16,0(0 and 17,000 signa-
tures, against the continuation of the negro-apprenticeship
system, and praying that slavery in that form might be abolished
after August next. He gave notice that he should, on a future
day, present 13 similar petitions, and afterwards a motion for
carrying the prayer of the petitions into effect. His Lordship
entered into details of the extent to which slavery was still
carried on, and the barbarities with which it was attended.
He also expressed a fear that our vessels did not do their duty
so fully as might be required, in consequence of the system of
head-money.
Some interesting conversation succeeded on the Slave Trade,
in which Lord MINT() and Lord GLENELO took part. The
Noble Secretary for the Colonies stated that the Foreign Se-
cretary was now engaged with Portugal to carry into effect
the object of Lord BROUGHAM. The House adjourned before
seven o'clock till Wednesday.
In the House of Commons several petitions from different
parts of the country were presented in favour of the Ballot,
an extension of the Suffrage, and of other wholesome measures
conducive to good government.
Mr. WAKLET presented a petition from Brighton, praying
the House to address the Crown for a mitigation of the sentence
passed on the Glasgow cotton-spinners ; also a petition from
the Radical Association of Marylebone, which he had with-
drawn last week, all the objectionable words being expunged,
and the petitioners stating that it was not their intention to
offer the slightest insult to that House. The petition having
b'en laid ol the table, he said it prayed the House to hear
counsel at the bar on behalf of the Glasgow cotton-spinners.
He hoped that on a future occasion the House would hear a
statement of the case from a person, not a counsel, and who
would be disposed to do justice to all parties concerned. In
compliance with a suggestion from Lord John Russell, the
lion. Member then gaxe notice of a motion on the subject for
Tuesday week.

The Canada Bill was read a third time, and passed by a
majority of 102 —eig h t Members only voting against, and 110
for it.

On the motion of Sir G. GREY, a clause by way of rider,
was previously ad,led to the Bill, to the effect that it might be
altered or repealed during the present Session.
The House adjourned at eight o'clock until Friday.

The third reading of the Canada Bill was carried in
he House of Commons, last night, by an overwhelm-
ing majority—only eight, out of a hundred and eigh-
teen, who divided on the Bill, voting against it. The
Tories did not allow so favourable an opportunity for at-
tacking the Government to pass, without an endeavour
to profit by it. Sir G. SINCL AIR led the van, while
Mr. PETER BORT lIWICK brought up the rear. The
onslaught of the Hon. Member for Caithness was
not so terrible as even to disturb the equanimity of the
occupants of the Treasury Benches. The Tory Ba-
ronet was repulsed by the Radical Member for Kil-
kenny ; whereas a groan, and a cry of " oh I oh !" wers
the only responses which the House deigned to make to
the fierce denunciations of the well-beloved of Evesham,
the Hon. and eloquent PETER.

But though the Ministers, very properly, took no
notice of the attack made upon them last night, we re-
gret to say, that they have themselves to blame for hay-
ing provoked it. To the deep mortification of their
friends, and the friends of free institutions, there is too
gulch truth in the charges of vacillation and inconsis-
tency, brought against them by Sir GEORGE SIN-
CLAIR. The game of fast and loose which
they have been playing for some time, must
be exchanged for a more decided course of Mi- •
nisterial action, or they will soon lose the
confidence of every party. It will not do to denounce
a measure one day and carry it the next. Lord JOHN
RUSSELL is not a man of strong feelings and violent
passions—he is not carried away by the warmth of his
imagination, in the heat of debate, to employ language
which he might afterwards wish to retract—and,
therefore, we are quite at a loss to account for some of
the blunders which his Lordship has committed since
the commencement of the present Session. What, for
example, could be more ill-judged than to pledge himself
decidedly against the Ballot and an Extension of the Suf-
frage ? His Lordship's definite opinion upon these ques-
tions was not expected by the country, and it was sheer
rashness to afford the Tories an opportunity of out-
bidding him, with a view to drive him from office. Let
Sir ROBERT" PEEL only consent to give the Ballot,
extend the Suffrage, or shorten the duration of Parlia-
ment, and—in consequence of the unfortunate pledge
of the Noble Home Secretary—the Right Hon. Ba-
ronet has the Cabinet at his mercy. The same blun •
der was repeated by the Noble Lord upon the
Canada Bill, and we are bound in candour to
admit, that its effect upon his popularity has
been too great to be despised even by a Mi-
'lister of the Crown. Regarded per se, the amend-
me,uts suggested by Sir ROBERT PEEL in the Cana&
Bill with one exception, improvements, and there-
fore their adoption is desirable ; but surely we cannot
draw from this circumstance a justification of the
Nuble Lord's rash pledge to oppose them, with his
subsequent adoption of them, on the ostensible ground
of yieldin, to a hostile majority ? Had Lord Jots N RUS-
SELL been swayed, or had he even pretended to have
been swayed, by a wish to improve the Bill when he
consented to accept Sir ROBERT PEEL'S amend-
ments upon it, the country would have admired his
:Lordship's candour, even while lamenting the blun-
.ders of Whig lawyers ; but to behold a Statesman
in whom the people reposed confidence yield to the
terrors inspired by the dread of a division, is a spec-

p;to,4,
(1-4r"N,xi; ter,'
x •

~~ ~~~~v
