ves
to those Of France, empowering them to search. So that Etigisi,
sole acted as corotables on the seas for the Admiral of France, arid .:
ence
verse. By adopting !Ida excellent arrangement, slavery under tb
French flag had entirely disappeared. The French East India Is Witte
ceased to become receptacles, and he was happy to say that the Frenctr
Gove.nment had acted on it throughout with perfect good faith. We
then proposed to the other nations of Europe to make a convention,
acted
agreeing that offenders should be handed over to the tribunals of theira
respective nations This had been accepted by Austria, Russia, an
Prussia ; but the plan had not been yet carried ir.to execution, on ac-
count of a proposition which we had made to France for the accom-
plishment of a mots perfect plan, and to which the answer had
not yet arrived. There only remained the States of Greece, Bel'
glum, and Hanover, which he had no doubt would willingly unite
in similar measures, which were rendered necessary, not by the practices
of their own subjects, but by those of other nations, who, driven from
their own fla,;S, soughtrefuge under that of a stranger. The case then
stood thus :—With Spain, Sweden and the Netherlands, the Mixed Com-
mission and the right of search (except in that part of the Atlantic
bordering on Europe) was so full that we could not Ask. more.
Spain in particular had moat handsomely granted every thing we
asked. Spain had acted in good faith as far as the Government of that
country went, but not so many of its agents, employed to carry the
wi,lies of the Government into effecT, The Government of Portugal, lie
was sorry to say, permitted the flag of that country to be used aS
cover for carrying on the slave trade stilt. In the Brazils, and in the
United States of America also, there was not that disposition to put:.
down that abominable traffic which France had shown. But the'
great offender was Portugal ; and no feelings favourable to that
country could induce him to speak otherwise than in reprebWe demand
e
conduct of its Government as to this disgraceful traffic,
from Portugal the same power that Sdain has granted, to seiZe any ships.
under his flag, either .north or south of the Line ; but this Portugal
has refused, although we lied a right to demand it of her, under a
treaty ; and the time might conic when this country might be driven II"
apply to Parliament for power to act for itself under this state of thingS-
He hoped, however, that the Government of Portugal would, ere longs
sea the necessity of acting as the other Powers of Europe had in
putting down this detestable traffic. With respect to Sierra Letlie.
and Fernando Po, he believed the Africans had lately aPPliemj
themselves to industry, and had relaxed very much in tfr:
practice of the slave trade, mainly owing to the settlements
Sierra Leone and Fernando Po. He denied that there was any
truth in the charge made against officers of the British Navy, that they
connived at the slave trade for the purpose of obtaining head-money.
But it must be admitted that those officers ought to be rewarded for the
great dangers then encountered, and that the best mode of reward was
by head money. Ile feared that when this horrid piracy was driven from
every other flag, it would find protection under the flag of the United,
States ; but he hoped the Government of that country would in the end
join all others under treaty to stop the abominable traffic. He agree,.
that the address of the Hon. Baronet was the best mode that could be
adopted to suppress the trade. In this address he fully concurred, an
he hoped the unanimous expression of the opinion of the House of CoM-
mons would go forth to the country in denunciation of the slave trade.
and that the address of the Hon. Baronet, so creditable to himself, would'.
show the strong desire of this country to put down the traffic.
Sir S. CANNING said that, although he listened with great
pleasure
to the speech of the Noble Lord, he did not agree with him in all that
he had said 3 but he fully concurred in the senthnents of his Lordship ss
to the conduct of Portugal with reference to this trade ; and he hoped
Portugal herself would soon see the necessity of joining in the suppres-
sion of the trade. With respect to Spain, he could not help reminding
the Noble Lord that it was to the Government of Spain, and not to its
Legislature, that we had to look for redress upon this subject.
trusted the conduct of France and Spain would be followed by an "I;
minor States; but he regretted that he had no such hope as respecte"
the Government of the United States, for reasons which had come under
his observation on a former occasion. He hoped, however, the present
discussion would not be without advantage to the cause of humanity on
this important question.
Sir I'. ACLAND gladly joined in the congratulations of his ne:i
Friend upon this subject as to the feelings of the House; and he trust
the onegreat offender—Portugal—would, after this motion, see tbe de-
termination of this country cordially to support the Government to O'
press this abominable traffic.
After a few words from Mr. PEASE and Sir R. INGLIS, the qnels..
lion was put by the Speaker and carried nem. con.
