would oppose Mr. Hope. There were several other in-
stances in which Mr. Hope's votes bad been quite contrary
to the public spirit and public liberty. So much for Mr.
Hope. Now, with regard to Mr. Murray—(Hisses,
and "Ay, give him a wipe")—that gentleman, no doubt,
belonged to a class who wished to do every thing for
the benefit of the country—(Groans and cheers)—and
who wished well fosr its welftre.—(Cries of " No, no,"
and " Yes, yes.") But in saying this, he believed that
gentleman had not had sufficient experience to entitle him
to represent the borough of Marylebone. No doubt he
had had a refined education, hut he wanted experience.
Every man, if he wished to move in an extended sphere
of life, and who was intrusted with important interests,
should possess sufficient knowledge and experience to
suit him fur the proper discharge of his duty; and no
man would intrust a young person of twenty-three or
twenty-four years of age with the entire management of a
great concern. Indeed common prudence suggested that
they could not. If they sent so young a man into Par-
' Oarne'at to legislate upon the commercial, the agricultural,
nd all the other great interests which would have to be
discussed, they could not expect so young and inexpe-
rienced a man fully to understand them. With regard to
Mr. Murphy he (Mr. M.) understood that in private life
he was a most honest and excellent man ; hut, un-
fortunately, he went beyond what he (Mr. M.)
wished.—(Groans and hisses, and a cry of " You have
put your foot in it.") It was easy to pull down a house,
hut not so easy to rear one up. Those destructives—
(Loud groans and cries of " Off, off.") Mr. Murphy was
one of those destructives.—(lmmense uproar.) He would
say no more of that gentleman. He had introduced a man
who he believed—if he might so term him—was a middling
man.—(Groans, and cries of " Off, off.") Sir Samuel
Whalley would not go to extremities either way, and there-
fate he supported him.—(Cheers and hisses )
Mr. STEVENSON seconded the nomination of Sir
Samuel Whalley, because he believed him to be a friend
to the cause of Reform, and to the best interests of the
people. The question was, whether Marylebone was to
be a nomination or an independent borough? If it was
,o he an independent borough, he was confident they
awould elect Sir Samuel Whalley.—(Cheers.)
Mr. ASTELL came forward with an att-mpt to propose
Mr. Hope, but it was utterly impossible to obtain the
hearing of a single word.
Sir W. RICHARDSON appeared to second this nomina-
tion, but only ho tings and hissings were heard during
the whole period of his presence in front of the hustings.
Mr. POTTER claimed impartiality, and that Sir William
ought he he ,rd, hut to no purpose.
Mr. F BUXTON then came forward to propose Mr.
Murray.—(Great shouts of disapprobation.) The electors
were met to discharge an important duty—to exercise a
constitutional privilege—the privilege of sending a Member
ro Parliament—he hoped that representative would be Mr.
Murray. Mr. Murray was not, as had been stated, the no-
minee of any man.—(Cries of " He is, he is the nominee of
the Government.') If returned he would act freely and
ind-pendently. Another acme ition had been levelled
against him, namely, that he was a young man.—(A cry
of "Is that a lie too ?") If that was a fault it was one of
which he would every day mend.—(Laughter, and cries
of " Nonsense.") It was his conviction that if
Mr. Murray was sent to Parliament he would employ
his time and talents in the performance of public duties,
He would be an advocate for that question which the puhlic
voice had brought about, and the public opinion only—the
abolition of slavery.—(Cries of, " And bring about white
slavery.") Mr. M. would advocate the abolition of all
slavery.—(Cries of, " We will not believe it.") He hoped
that he would be elected to be their Representative.
Mr. SHAW seconded the nomination ; but in conse-
quence of the noise and confusion which prevailed, it
was impossible to hear a single syllable of what the Gen-
tleman stated.
