PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

Francis 'Flower and Nathaniel Ainger,
Piccadilly, wine-merchants—William Carrier and Charles
Alexander, Woolwich, drapers—John Keen, ' Thomas
Keen, awl James Keen, Garlick-hill, indigo. Mae and
mustard-makers—Jaws Phillips and John Patching,
Brighton, letter-press and .coppqr-plate printers—William
Rawson and William Seddon, Liverpool, ship and boat-.
huilders--Frederick Bourdon and John Barbet,Worship7
street, silk-dyers—John Hodgson and William Bernard
Ogden, :•it.lllildred's-court, attorneys—Louis Joseph La-

busiiere and Charles Hyacinthe Dusoc, Myrtle-street,
Hoxton, dyers—William Smith and Matthew Ferris, Long-
ford, Middlesex ,calico-printers—Thomas Batt and Thomas
Sharpies, Hollin's-brook, near Bury, calico -printers—
John Brown and James Hastie Brown, Liverpool, mer-
chants—James Marsden and Joseph Crabtree, Dewsbury,
Yorkshire; felt-makers—Alexandre Ramuz and William
Croz, Frith-street, Soho-square, upholsterers—Robert
Davidson, Mrs. Christian Duncan and William Maitland,
Aberdeen, soap-manufacturers—Salnuel Brown and Samuel
James Brown, Blackmoor-street, Drury-lane, stationers—
Robert Thornber Barnes and John Col lard, Manchester,
agents—Joseph • Deakin and William Eales, Crawford-
street, St. Marylebone, • linen-drapers—John Chitty and
George Frederick Haeushkell, Willow-walk, Kentish-town,
corn-chandlers--.—William Morton, Charles Gould and James
Rodick, Friday street, Cheapside, ribbon-manufacturers
—Edward Dale, Barnsley, and Samuel Simpson Flower,
Wadsworth, 'Yorkshire; Ilax-spinners__•_Richard
Thomas Mills, and William Sandilamla Wilon, Stroud-
water, bankers -James Barber and William Henry Winch,
St. Martin-le-Grand, cheesemongsrs.:,-Iseph Temple and
Samuel Temple, • Kingston-upon7Hull, common-brewers.

Maidstone June, fair, which commenced on
Friday, was well supplied with mi!ch cows and heiress,
but very few were spl,l, 4rid those at reduced prices.
There were a few sheep penned, and mpst of thern'sold.
Horses were plentiful, and there were a great number of
good ones, but buyers were few, and the busineis dune
was chiefly amongst the dealers. Store pigs were Scarce
and dear. At Cambridge Midsummer fair on Tuesday.
last, there was a very moderate show of hOrses, and
scarcely any business appeared to be tram acted. Abingdon
fair on Friday was well supplied with horses and eattle,
but of sheep the quantity was rather short. Trade, Sts
consequence of the high prices asked, was very heavy, and
as the sellers ,would not give way, comparatively ' little
business was done. Good colts were in demand, but
could not be purchased bitt at high prices ; the Same may
be said of prime Mile)) vows : on the whole,' fete` Were
sold. Tile owners of the sheep were firm, and they
were not much in request, most of them were drived away
u nspld, -- County Chrfrarle.

Wheat.

Barlay.

b. Per Quarter.
Bciaton
Grantham
Grind-shy
Horncas
Hull ---.
Lincoln
Spilsby
St amfonl--.;

S. to S.

53 5'7
50 • 56
48 51
48 54
52 56
50 52
46 58
48 no

s. to s.

28 34
25- 2S
24 28
28 33
32- 33
26 28

2.5 30

s. to s. s. to s.
17 40
IS 26 44 46
IR 22 40 42
18 22 .40 42
16 24 38 43
20 2.5 42 46
16 20 40 44
20 23 42
II; 24 42 40

Oats.

NORWICH, June 28.
We had a fair quantity of Wheatoffered for sale, and
last week's prices were given, but there was a dullness
in the trade. We have hilt little Barley at market ; the
price remains unaltered. IWe had more Oats offering to.
day, hence a reduction, of Is. per quarter must be noted.
Pease and Beans are 'steady in price. No alteration in
Flour. This has been a fine week thrOugbout, end a large
proportion of the hay in this county is alre.tdy stacked, of
various conditions and conseqnence of the late
net weather. Some cut down this Week is in fine order.
The crops are reported to be universally abundant.
Wheat (per qr.) ... 50s. 595. 625. I Bans (per qr.) 36,. 40s.
Barley ...... 28s. 323. —s. Pease, Grey Xs. 40s.
Oats 2ls. 265. 28s. Flour, flue (per sack) 425. 41s:'

CANTERBURY, June 28.
We had a good supply of Wheat, with a slow demand,
and prices rued about. Is. per quarter cheaper than last
market. The stipp!y of Peace is generally short with us
at this season of the year, and our quotations merely no-
minal. Barley, Beans, and. Oats, being in liberal supply,
our prices remain without alteration.. Our Wheat crop has
much recovered from the heavy rains of the previous week.
Wheat, white 6os. to 6.55.
------ red s2s. to 60s.
Barley —s. to ....i.
Oafs
Beans 32s. to -Pls.

Pease 4os. to 425. • Grey Ws. tole)s.

LONDON MARKETS, JULY I.

- - -
PLANTATION SUGARS.—There has keen consider-
able business done this morning at very firm prices;
the deliveries last week.were very extensi►e, upWards
of 9,000 bags Mauritius and 4,000 hhds. and Trs.
of \Veit India ; 150 casks of Barbadoes were sold
at public sale to-day with some spirit, prices much
the same. as last week.

FOREIGN SUGARS still enquired after, but the
holders are demanding higher prices.
REFINED SUGARS.— -The demand for low goods
for shipping has 'been brisk this morning, and the
Refiners obtained the prices asked; middling and
fine goods also are in. mere request, hut the market
continues very bare of all descriptions.
COFFEE.—Very little doing by private contract.
Rust.—The stock is on the increase, there hiving
been landed 1,06$ puncheons " last week. The
stock yesterday • was 11,476 puncheons, and 1,014
hogsheads. The demand for exportation continues
brisk.

There has been no alteration in Spices; Pepper
is rather heavy, Cloves and Cinnamon firm.

HOPS.—The accounts by this morning's post are
favourable; duty estimated at from 175,0001. to
180,000/. Little doing in Hops at present.
The COTTON market is very flat, owing► to the
arrival last week at Liverpool of not less than►
46,000 bags, principally from Annerica. About 1000
bags were sold at former quotations.
RUSSIAN PRODUCE.—The commercial letters
from St. Petersburgh are dated the 13th ult. The
barks were arriving from the interior with produce,
though but slowly, owing to the boisterous state of
the weather. Tallow at the spot was at 98 to 99,
and for contract at 98 rubles. Hemp at 92 to 93
for contract, and 94 to 95 on the spot. The Ex-
change on London 101 to 9 32c. .5-16th. Mere the
market remains at 36 9. The deliveries lust week
were 773 ca3ks.

INDlGo.—There is little doing in Indigo. The
Company's declaration is expected to be 9000• attests.
Some short time Since the parties engaged in the
WAX trade, after interviews with the Ministers, ob-
tained the promise of an alteration in the duties on
the import of Wax, which they conceived would be
beneficial to themselves and the trade. The old duty
on the import of Foreign Wax was to be reduced from
31. Gs. 6d. to 1/. per cwt., ..While that on Wax from
the East Indies or the Cape was loereel lOs. *The
duty on the import of bleached. finger Wax was in-
creased to 21. per cwt., and in Wax from India, &I%
to 1/. per ewt., thus encouraging the bleaching of
Wax in this country. It is now found, however,
that a material mistake has occurred, as bleached
Wax can be introduced on lower terms than it can
be bleached here for, and the trade are about to
,tne-
morialize the Board of Trade to increase the import
duty on bleached Wax to V., or on coloured to 2/.,
which it is stated ought to have been the ratio de-
termined upon.
The East India SILK sale terminated on Satur-
day, and closed rather less briskly than it commenced.
There was no alteration beyond that already noticed,
viz. Bengal Silks averaged from 2 to 5 per cent.
higher than last sale; China 'about 3 to 5 per cent.
lower.

GLASGOW MARKETS, JUNE 28.

In the early part of the week there was almost
nothing done in raw Sugars. On Thursday a cargo
of .57.4,h1td5. of Trinidads.was brought to market,
when the demand became extensive; the Refiners
and Grocers purchased freely, and full prices were
realised for the better descriptions, while a reduc-
tion of. Gd. to Is. was submitted to an brown and
low middling qualities. Refitted Sugars are in steady
demand. British Molasses have been more inquired
after.

Nothing done in COFFEE, PIMENTO, or GINGER.

The sales made in Jamaica Rum are so trifling
that they are not worthy of remark ; prices are
without alteration. Nothing done in Leewards,
which are held at 2s. to 2s. Id. for Proofs.

The transactions in COTTON have been very
limited this week ; the sales amount to only, 404
packages, and last week's prices are barely sup-
ported. The particulars are-16 Sea Island, 140.;
88 BoWed Georgia, 60. to 7d. ; 15 New Orleans,
71d. to 80.; 80. Mobile, Gid. to 7d. ; GO Egyp-
tian, 81d. to 80.; 76 Demerara, Sid. to 84 ;
7 West -India, 61-d. to 7d.; 12 Porto Rico, 10;d.;
50 Surats,

In DYEIVOODS there have not been any sales
effected; Jamaica Logwood is held at W. to six
•
guineas. •No Fustic at market.
•
ASHES remain very flat; the trifling sales made
in retail were, Montreal Pots at •30s. 6d. to 315., as
in condition ; and Pearls 30s. to 31s.

Nothing done in TOBACCO; un advance of I'.
per lb. has been demanded, in consequence of pro-
posed additional duty.
Ftsn Oit.s are dull: Whale, 201. to 20/. 10s.
Cod, 20/. ; and Pale Seal, 221. per tun, old measure

• DUBLIN MARKETS, JUNE 28.
(From the Dublin Mercantile Advertiser.)

SUGAR—There were two auctions ; one of Bar-
hackies, and the other DeMerara sugars, held on last
Tuesday, at which almost all that was offered for
sale changed hands at our quotations.
TALLOW—This article is very dull of sale, scarcely
any business transacted, nor is there a revival ex-
pected till -August next.
MALT—Very little business doing in Malt ; prices
are, however, stationary.
Wnistav—Dusiness limited, but no alteration in
prices reported.
WooL—Sales heavy—for the best combing wool
from -12 s. Gd. to 13s. Gd. per stone is obtained.
Some holders have to sell under 14s.

, HipEs, SKlNs—The.demand for Hides and Skins
since our last, has been tolerably fair. The supply
pretty good without Variation in prises.
LEATHER—The demand for Leather continues
brisk—no alteration in prices.
PuovisroNs—The supply of Bacon and Hams at
last market was pretty good, but the demand had
declined--prices had also declined from Is. to 2s.
per cwt. ; Pigs' Cheeks, Went off at from 425. to
445. per cwt.; Open Butter has been taken by the
retailers at from 7d. to std. per lb.; a few firkins
were taken for export at a decline on the former
prices of 4s. per cwt.; say 765.- per cwt. for first
quality ; seconds, 705.; thirds, 645. per eyit..; Ducks
from Bd. to ls., and Geese from 106. to Is. 4d. a
piece; Eggs fram 3s. 6d. to 4a. 4d. per 120.

WILLIAM IRVING,
Inspector General. of Imports and Exports.
inspector General's Ofßee, Custom House,
London, June 23.

The Officers of the 9th Lancers (lately at our
barracks) recently subscribed 500, gnineallor a. piece of
plate, to be presented to Colonel Moaar.AND on his retire-
ment from the command of that regiment.— York Herald.

IMPERIAL -PAXLIAMENT.
.
v,.. p •
HOUSE oFttoltr Tp"utik-i, JULY I.
Lord,.,CA#LISL-P pre4ented a petition from
'Thomas Flanaghan agaittst.tlßill for paving, light-
' ing, .and otherwise improving the market towns of
Ireland. •
Lord GODERICH presented a petition from the
clergy and archdeacoury of Ely, against slavery.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented two peti-
tions from Sheffield and its neighbourhood to the
same effect.
'Sir A. GRANT and others brought up the Hotel
and. Tavern Licensing and Steam-boat Passengers
Regulation Bills.
Lord ICING presented petitions from Wellington
and Buckland,- Bucks, against Slavery.
Lord SKELMERSDALE moved. the secolid
reading of the Manchester Improvement Bill, and
that it be referred to
,a Committee of the whole
Mouse to-morrow. ..
.The East India Prize Money Regulation Bill was
.read, a, second time.
The Criminal Justice, theLarceuy Laws, and the
Warehousing Seizure Bills in•lreland, passed through
Committees.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a
petition from -Crowland, against the Scotch Bank
Notes Bill.
Earl GREY presented a petition from Henry
Burgess, of Lombard-street, against the restriction
of the Sniall Notes circulation. • The -Noble Earl
considered this petition highly - deserving the
attention of the House, not only from the li
respectable individual from whom. it came, but
in consequence 4f the vast importance to the country
of the subject to which. it relates. The petitioner
apprehended the most distressing results from the
restriction of the notes under Five Pounds throughout
the .country,should that restriction be effected by the
proposed Act, as was proposed in April next. He
stated, on data deserving credit, that the circulation of
Small Notes had been underrated. He considered the
circulation to amount to not less than five millions,
which was more than double the amount stated to.
the House at the period at which it was proposed to
restrict the circulation. This was a subject which the
Noble Earl had approached with diffidence, sensible of
his inability to treat it as it deserved. He did not
feel at all inclined to enter into any of the theories
suggested on the point : he had seen many practical
results, which induced him to think that the ha-
bit of distrust would be a much -beam' principle
for their Lordships to adopt on a question of this
kind, than the extreme confidence with which they
sometimes regarded circumstances, the result of
which no human being could foresee. It appeared
to the Noble Lord (Earl Grey) that the whole evils
in Which Ole country found itself now placed in the
state of the currency, arose from the unjust measure
Of the Bank Restriction in 1796. On. that occasion
he did all he. could to oppose it, as he clearly foresaw
the mischief that, would arise from the. depression
of paper inconvertible into gold, and • the danger
-of our-not-being able to restore it to its original value.
This injustice was repeated by the substitution of a
metallic currency, under which an enormous depre-
ciation of property arose ; the result of which was,.
that the country was now paying a much heavier
• sum for taxes than - ever Was paid during the
most_ expensive state of war. He fully agreed with
the petitioner, that most of the distress which the
country had suffered and was still suffering, and.all
the fluctuations of property, which had been some-
times attributed to the Corn Laws, had been oeca-
sioned by that first, measure of injustice, of making
an inconvertible paper .the currency of
.the country,
_and by that second measure of injustice, the attempt
to.restore the ancient standard of value. The Noble
Earl was sensible that. it. was much more easy to state
grievance's, than to propose effectual measures of
alleviation. lie had no measure at present to-pro-.
pose, but a proposition contained in- the :petition
well deserved attention, which was, whetker their
Lordships would not permit the continuation of the,
issuing of small notes, taking security for them till
1833, when the Bank Charter Will expire, and in
the meantime have the whole matter tinder their
consideration, with a view to place .the circulation
of notes upon a solid, satisfactory, and permanent
foundation,
Earl STANHOPE said, that whatever couse-•
quences may have resulted , from- the Bank .restric-
tion, he would always be prepared to justify the
Act. With respect to Mu'. Ricardo, he knew no-
thing.
• of hire--except that he was the leader of that
band of political economists who had • been let lose
to wage war on the country, and who proved a more
destructive enemy than - the Noble Duke (Wel-
lington) had ever met in any of his campaigns-4A
laugh.)—The Noble Lord, after
.a fey further re-
marks, in the. course of. which he characterised iVIr •
Peel's Bill as an 'edict of confiscation, declared his •
intention of moving early in the next SeSsion of Par-
liament, for a Committee to inquire into the whole
question of the currency.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said that it was .
not his intention to' discuss the question at present,
considering that a full opportunity would he afforded
when the' Bill which was sent up from the Com-
mons came on for discussion, lie could not, how.
ever, avoid an answer to what had fallen from
the Noble Earl (Grey.) The measure which had-
been recently introduced into the other House, and
. which:now awaited their Lordships' decision, was
lilt a complement of the Bill of 1826.—(Hear, hear.)
—All therefore now proposed to be done. was
merely to giNie full effect to- the measure of 1826.
Whether the measure of 1826 was expedient or not,
formed quite a diffetent question, and might be very
well considered when the Noble Earl near him (Stan-
hope) should bring forward the proposition of which
he had that night given notice. For his own part, he
bad every reason to believe that the circulation of
,the country would not be diminished by the sup-
pression olthe Small Notes.
Earl STANHOPE explained.
Lord Viscount GODERICH complained of the
personal attacks made by the Noble Earl in attribut-
ing motives to those who had found it their duty to
propose measures to Parliament which they had never
entertained.
Earl 4TANHOPE denied that he had meant any
thing personal.

The Earl of CAERNARVON said that the con-
traction of the small note circulation now would have

the effect of distressing the agriculturists, and leading
them to pauperism. Scotland and Ireland had had
the good fortune to obtain an investigation, and if
this country had had the same good fortune he had no
doubt that very different results would have followed.
(Hear, hear.) He shoUld like to ask where was the
Sinking Fund of five millions ? Was it not gone
along with the one pound notes ? The Bill that was
about to be brought before their Lordships was one
that would add to a Statute-hook already overcharged,
without any corresponding benefit ; for he should
be glad to hear the Noble Duke point out one
individual who had either been injured or belie-.
fitted one farthing by Scotch notes being allowed
to find their way into this country. (Hear, hear.)
.He.wished that -a silver standard shonld be tried ;
and it would not be meeting that proposal to say,
that the quantity of silver lying in the coffers of the
Bank was a proof that such standard could not suc-
ceed ; for as long as only a small quantity of silver
was a legal tender, of course there would be very
little demand for it.-4 Hear, hear.) Having said
thus much, he would recommend the petition.to the
attention of their Lordships as one Which reflected
great credit on the petitioner.
The petition was then ordered to lie on the table.
:Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented similar peti-
tions. from the merchants of Sheffield, the iron-
masters of the counties of York and Derby, and the
proprietors of collieries in the counties of Notting-
ham, Derby, and York. The Noble Lord observed,
that he thought an inquiry on the subject was highly
necessary, and that be had never repented so much
of any vote as the one he had given for the passing
of the Small Notes' Act, in 1826,.

The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
Earl STANHOPE presented a petition from the
