FRENCH PAPERS.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Tuesday.)
The Indicateur of Bordeaux of the 11 th inst. gives
the following from Bayonne of the 9th :—" According to
reports from persons just arrived from Navarre, the
wounded and prisoners in the action at Nazar entered
Logrono on the Ist, and the lamentable condition in which
they were excited the commiseration of the inhabitants.
Other persons from Bilboa inform us that Zabala was in
the environs of Durango, having enrolled 400 young men
at Oroso. A trincadore, which left Bilboa for Porto
Galleto, bad to sustain a constant fire from the Carlists all
the way, though escorted by 300 men. This proves the
critical state of Biscay. These travellers state that they
fell in with Carlists at every point. El Pastor was on the
sth at Bergara, after marching and counter-marching in
every direction, without being able to reap the least ad-
vantage from his continual exertions. In the Valley of
Bastan parties are forming in favour of the Queen, and if
this could be made general, it would he the most
effectual method of annihilating the rebellion. The con-
dition of the insurgents is most deplorable, and yet they
daily increase. Senora Theresita Veltaren arrived at
Bayonne on the 6th instant. She was born in France,
of obscure parentage, but her history is most curious
and singular. Having become a simple Camariste to
the Queen of Spain, she obtained so great an in-
fluence over the affections of King Ferdinand that he
did nothing without consulting her, and for some years
she may be said to have ruled the destiny of Spain. Her
address was at the same time so consummate, that she
managed to win an equal confidence from the Queen. It
is believed that Theresita was no stranger to the resolution
which led to the change in the order of succession. After
the death of the King, Christina, in gratitude for the ser-
vices of Theresita in this great object, made her her most
intimate confidant, and indeed her Prime Minister. If
certain reports are to be believed, she was present when
M. Mignet had his first audience of the Queen, and that
it was owing to her that be was admitted to fulfil his
mission. The highest grandees of the Court did not dis-
dain to attend the drawing- rooms of the favourite. A
paver ao great and so exalted might have satisfied the
moat towering ambition, but whether from the natural
fickleness of woman, or from the intrigues of M. Zea,
who feared that her influence might effect hie downfall,
Theresita was accused of carrying on a correspondence
with Don Carlos, with the view of restoring him to that
throne in depriving him of which she was the principal
instrument. Though the proofs against her were very
vague, she was exiled from Madrid. Her husband, or
rather her paramour, formerly a Body Guard, some say
stimulated her to conspire against her benefactor, and has
fled to Pot tugal, but others assert that he remains at
Madrid, and that Theresita, who has done too much to
be sacrificed, will ere long be recalled.
The Memorial Bordelais of the 11th says—" We
have few details from Spain. Marches and counter-
marches of troops, and the appearance of fresh bands of
insurgents, constitute nearly the whole of the accounts we
receive from that country." " A letter from Valencia
states, that the famous Carlist Chief Magraner and his
band have been attacked and defeated by the Queen's
troops; Magraner was taken, and immediately shot."
The Augsburg Gunette of the 10th inst. has the fol.
lowing from Vienna, dated the 4th —" The recall of the
French and English squadrons has had a favourable effect
upon our funds ; the motive for this recall was a clear
explanation given by Russia relative to her intentions with
regard to Turkey, which are as firmly directed towards
maintaining the Ottoman empire as that of our own Go-
vernment. The internal affairs of Turkey, however, na-
turally lead to the belief that the Ottoman empire cannot
be of long duration. Much is still said of a violent con-
spiracy in the capital ; incendiaries are said to be again at
work, and discontent, misery, and sedition are abroad.
The Government is neither loved nor feared—it is despised,
and we see Bosnia, Albania, Moldavia, and Wallachia,
endeavouring, with hasty steps, to reach the same point
Greece and Servia have already a•tained. We see a
Paella, eager for conquest, can make himself master
of hal the Turkish dominions, and need only wait
a favourable moment to extend his triumph, or at least ,
to throw off the supremacy which he affects still to attri-
bute to the Porte." The Gazette has also the following
Irons the frontiers of Servia, dated the sth ult. :—" The
22d of November will ever be a memorable day in the
annals of Servia. A courier from Constantinople brought
the Hatti-Scheriff, signed by the hand of Mahmoud, and
bearing the seal of the empire, by which all the national
prerogatives obtained by the Serviette, from 1820 to No.
vembcr 1830 (the date of the Hatti-Scheriff), published
at Belgrade; are fully and irrevocably confirmed. The
Act contains also 18 promised articles, the execution of
which could not take place before ; the most remarkable
of these are—l. The demarcation of the line of frontier,
which incorporates in that province all the districts which
the Servians took possession of last summer, and which
doubles their territory. 2. The giving up to the Servian
Administration the levy of all taxes and duties hitherto
collected by the Turks, in consideration of an annual
tribute of 52,000 imperial ducats. 3. That all Turks
are to quit the towns and strongholds of Servia within
the space of five years, with the exception cf Belgrade.
which they are allowed to occupy in conjunc•ion
with the Servians. 4. All the fortresses which
the Turks have lately built are to be demo-
lished. As soon as this news was spread abroad, the
inhabitants repaired in throngs to the churches, to return
thanks for their deliverance from slavery, and to celebrate
their independence as a nation. Songs of joy, military
music, and the firing of the artillery, were heard on all
sides. Servia bas thus acquired an increase of 200 square
leagues in territory, and 220,000 souls in p ipulation, the
total of which may now be said to be a million moult.
With a suitable organ'z ition, this country, favoured as it
is by nature, may soon enjoy great prosperity. Prince
Milosch has caused several draughts of laws to be pre-
pared, which are to be submitted to the next National
Assembly. A book, under the title of the Service Pan-
theon, is to be published, relating all the memorable deeds
which the Servians have achieved since their emancipation.
The Berlin State Gazette of the Bth instant quotes
Prussian 4 per Cents , 97 961 ; ditto 5 per Cents.
(1822) English Loan, 103} 103.

The Frankfort Gazette of the 11th instant states that
the rejoicings at Darmstadt, in honour of the nuptials of
the Hereditary Prince, were to begin on the 10th, and to
end on the 29th instant. They consist of illuminations,
banquets, balls, operas, concerts, and masquerades. The
Prince and Princess had been received with much enthu-
siasm at Offtnbach. The same paper announces that the
King of Prussia had conferred the Order of tLe Black
Eagle on Prince William of the Netherlands.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES-SITTING OF JAN. 13.

The Duke de Broglie, on taking his seat on the Mi-
nisters bench, was congratulated by several Deputies on
his recovery from indisposition.

M. Benjamin Delessert read to the Chamber a proposi
tion relative to the establishment of savings banks. The
following is the substance :-1. There shall be established
successively in each chief town of every department a
savings bank.-2. The Prefect shall nominate a Com-
mission in each locality, to inspect and control the deposits
and repayments.-3. This Commission, the members of
which shall give their services gratuitously, shall have for
President the Prefect or Sub-Prefect.-4. The Receiver
of the Department, or of the Arrondissement, shall un-
ilertake the charge of Treasurer.-5. Deposits may be
made once a week. No smaller sum than lir., and no
greater than 300 fr., to be received at one time, and
from one person ; and the deposits belonging to any one
individual are never to be allowed to exceed 3,000 fr.
M. Devaux (du Cher) read to the Chamber a proposi-
tion, the object of which was to replace the civil death
now consequent upon criminal conviction, into what in
French law language is termed a legal interdiction, equi-
valent to a sequestration of property and cessation of all
civil rights.
These two propositions are to be developed on Saturday.
The Minister of Finance presented a project of law,
having for its object the execution of the treaty with the
United States of America.
The President of the Council read, amidst a noise
which prevented his being heard, several projects of laws,
pne Qf which related to the staff of the army; another re-
lative to an increase of the expense of the gend'armerie;
and a third by which pensions are settled on the widows
of Marshal Jourdan, and Generals Dumesnil, Gerard, and
de Caen.

The pension of the widow of Marshal Jourdan is fixed
at 12,000 fr., and those of the three Genets's widows at
B,ooofr. each.

The following are the principal articles of the projected
law relative to the general Staff of the Army :—Art. 1.
The number of the French Marshals remains fixed at 12.
--Art. 2. The number of General Officers, in time of
peace, is fixed at 100 Lieutenant Generals, and 200 Bri-
gadier Generals.—Art. 3. The Royal Corps of the Stiff
will consist of 30 Colonels, 30 Lieutenant-Colonels, 100
Chefs d'Escadron, 300 Captains, and 100 Lieutenants.
—Art. 4. The Military Intendance, in time of peace, will
consist of 20 Intendants, 180 Sub-Intendants, and 25
Adjuncts to the latter.
After which the Chamber proceeded to discuss the Bill
on the Municipal Organisation of Paris.
The Chamber of Deputies resumed, on Tuesday, the d's.
CosliOn of the Bill fur the municipal organisation of Par's

L OATD ON,
THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 16, 1834.

The Paris papers of Tuesday, and private
letters of the same date, have been received.
Extracts from the former will be found in another
column. One from the Augsburg Gazette states
that the recall of the French and English squa-
drons to their winter stations was produced by
the clear explanation given by Russia relative
to her intentions with regard to Turkey. The
private letters from Paris, however, say that the
suspension of warlike demonstrations is confined
only to the withdrawal of the fleets for the winter,
and that at Toulon, and other French ports,
very extensive preparations are going forward
with a view to a formidable display in the spring.
The accounts from Spain in the Paris papers
add no new fact of importance.
Every thing appears tranquil in France, and the
funds are recovering from the slight depression
occasioned by the deficiency of the budget.
According to a private letter, M. de BROGLIE,
the Minister for Foreign Affairs, who had given
in his resignation on account of the dissatisfac-
tion excited by his blunder in the Chamber of
Deputies, has been requested by his colleagues
to remain in the Ministry, and has acceded to
the request.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAgts, JAN. 14.
Five per Cents., 104 f. 75c. 90c. 75c.
Four per Cents., 92f.
Three per Cents., 75f. 15c. 40c. 15c.
Bank Actions, 1,705 f 1,702 f. 50c. 1,7C0f.
Rente de Naples, 91f. 15c. 10c.
Roman Five per Cents., 92 913/4.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., IS.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 37 38% 17%.
Royal Spanish Loan, 78% 79 78%.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 60►%ie5v
Belgian Loan, 1831, Five per Cent., 96N, 87.
Haytian Loan, 273 f.

EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 30c. ; money, 25f. 25c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 15c.; money, 25f. 15c.
—Cours Authentique.

Our City Correspondent has furnished us with
an account of a proposal said to have been made
to the French Government in the reign of
CHARLES the Tenth for an alliance with
Russia. We know nothing of the authenticity of
this paper, or how it has transpired. It bears
probability upon the face of it.

Among the German papers which arrived this
morning, and from which we have given extracts
in another column, there is an article from St.
Petersburgh, dated the 21st ult., in which men-
tion is made of the polite conduct of England
towards Russia. This is a curious expression
as applied to matters of high moment, and almost
justifies a suspicion that our country has gone
beyond the bounds of prudence. Nobody used
to speak of the polite conduct of Great Britain
in those days when she was the mistress of the
world. Her justice, her equity, were then spoken
of, but the English history makes no mention of
her politeness. The change of terms does not say
much for our dignity. The John Bullism of Eng-
land was occasionally rude and offensive, but it was
honest. It was susceptible of polish certainly, but
we do not like to see it degenerate into a
politeness which is lauded by semi-barbarians,
who in the same breath say that if we had not
adopted the cringing course, Russia would have
met our demonstrations " in a manner worthy
of the history of her former deeds." There is
a curious article from Vienna on the situation of
Turkey, from which it would appear that the
partition of that country has been resolved upon.
The Lion's share will of course be Constanti-
nople, but, as in the case of Poland, Austria

and Prussia will partake of the spoil. The
spring will, probably, show us more of what is
intended by the triumvirate, if triumvirate that
can be called in which one power, Russia,
dictates to and governs her confederates.

Brussels papers arrived this morning. Their
contents are not important.

We perceive, by a statement of the Dutch
Budgets from 1829 to 1834, that there is a
deficiency for the five years of nearly fourteen
millions sterling—an enormous sum for any
State, but particularly a State like Holland. Of
this deficiency, nearly three-fourths are for the
years 1831, 1832, and 1833, during which it
has increased progressively. In 1831 the de-
ficiency was 36,500,000 florins, in 1832,
41,356,673 florins, and in 1833, 44,628,111
florins. The deficiency for 1834 will, it is
expected, be in the: same proportion. Some
of this deficiency must of course be attributed to
the mere fact of the separation of Belgium from
Holland, but the bulk of it has been occasioned
by the obstinacy of the King of HOLLAND, who,
by refusing to recognize the independence of
Belgium, and to enter into a treaty with her,
is compelled to keep up an enormous war ex-
penditure, and denies himself those toll duties,
and other advantages, which the Belgians are
very willing to concede to Holland as the con-
dition of their independence being acknowledged
by that country.
The King of HOLLAND resembles those silly
men in private life who prefer the expense of
long litigation to a small concession in the first
instance, and who are almost invariably sufferers
from their obstinacy. We are not surprised at
his conduct, knowing the character of the man,
but it is surprising that a people like the Dutch,
who, in other cases, make no hesitation of putting
their feelings into their pockets, should consent
to pay so dearly for their King's obstinacy.

Notwithstanding the prevalence of the rumour,
we cannot believe that the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER has prevailed upon the Commis-
sioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt to sell out any part of the stock held on
account of the Savings Banks. It is against
principle, and, if not in violation of, certainly
without any authority from, the Acts passed in
that behalf. Indeed that part of these Acts is
against principle, which enables the contributors
to Savings Banks to receive a higher rate of
interest than the rate receivable at the time by
other persons. It was unquestionably proper to
encourage Savings Banks, but not at the ex-
pense of other classes of the community, who
must pay for the higher rate of interest. It is,
moreover, partial, and does not extend to Scot-
land, the Savings Banks in which country
flourish without it. It is possible, however,
that the Commissioners for the Reduction
of the National Debt may have been pre-
vailed upon to sell out stock belonging
to the Savings Banks, in order to prevent
an increase of debt, by borrowing in order
to pay what Government has undertaken to
pay to the Bank, or to raise money in order
to provide the means of compensation to the
West India interest. But this is a mere expe-
dient. The practice of expedients is ruinous.
It is only putting off the evil day, to make its
evils fall upon us with multiplying severity, of
which this very expedient affords an instance in
the effects which may follow from it. It is not
very probable that the Trustees for Savings
Banks will require payment of any of the deben-
tures issued to them upon the money they have
paid to the Bank of England for the purpose of
being invested in the public funds. It is even pos-
sible that more money may continue to be so paid
for the purpose of such investment, so long as the
interest payable upon the debentures thereupon
issued may be more than the interest which can
be otherwise got upon the principal sums in-
vested in them. But it is plain that such
trustees not only will, but it becomes their duty,
to require payment of the debentures they may
hold, whenever by so doing they can obtain a
higher rate of interest by investing the proceeds
in the public funds. By so doing, they may
not only gain interest, but add to their principal,
if the funds of their institution be in such a
situation as to render it probable that the money
so invested in the public funds may remain
there, until these funds shall again rise so as to
enable them to sell to advantage; and, by following
the directions necessary to enable them to receive
new debentures, they may again put their insti-
tutions in the situation of receiving a higher
rate of interest than may then be receivable by
others. We, therefore, still doubt that the Corn-',
missioners for the Reduction of the National
Debt can have been prevailed upon to sell out
stock held on account of the Savings Banks, or
that the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
has contemplated, much less put in practice,
any such scheme for raising money. He ought
to meet the pressures he has to sustain, fairly,
firmly, and manfully. He ought to apply him-
self, as every Member of the Government ought,
to the causes of those pressures, intelligently
and sedulously, and after carefully examining,
he and they ought to bring forward the measures
necessary to remove those causes. If he and
they do so, they may rely upon the support and
right feeling of a noble people, who, though
galled by distress, will yet submit to suffer more,
if they once see that a right course is taken to
relieve them. But the right course is not to
continue a practice of expedients, and noble
minds will not sanction acts of timidity and
weakness, which are their characteristic.

The monopolists have evidently taken the
alarm at the movement threatened to be made
by the middle classes of London, on the subject
of a free supply of bread being allowed to the
people of this country, in return for their la-
bour. In the first place a periodical is announced
which is to uphold the right of the landlords to
practice upon the stomachs of the people, in
order that they may make the vain attempt to
obtain an unnaturally high price for their wheat.
This is a step gained, and if the establishment of

the Anti Corn Law Societies throughout the coun-
try had clone nothing beyond frightening the enemy
from the haughty security behind which he
imagined himself safely intrenched, the resort
to that plan of obtaining redress would be com-
pletely justified. He has hitherto remained
almost silent, or been content simply to say—
" I have got the power of starving you,
and will keep it." All the argument has
been upon one side, and the difficulty
of the advocates of a free trade in
food has been to find a reason advanced
against them which they had not overthrown as
often as it was brought forward. "Oh ! that
mine enemy would write a book," has been their
continued aspiration ; but the enemy has been
either too wise or too confident in the strength
of his monopoly to do any thing of the kind.
The promised publication, therefore, we hail both
as the first acknowledgment of conscious weakness
on the part of our adversaries, and the harbinger
of victory to ourselves. Discussion is all that is
wanted, and discuss ion the question cannot fail
to have.

We observe that a Tory contemporary, in
reference to the meeting at the Crown and
Anchor, on Tuesday, is pleased, in a strain
of gentlemanly courtesy, peculiarly his own, to
style its leaders " crack-brained theorists," and
disingenuously to reflect upon the small num-
bers present. With respect to the latter point,
the meeting was evidently a preliminary one,
and it was, we are informed, stated that several
Members of Parliament were ready to be on the
Managing Committee of the Central Society,
whenever it should be appointed. This is, in
fact, the society which has for some time been
in progress of formation, but which, probably,
would not have been brought to completion had
that started by Mr. HAWES, limited to thirty
Members, appeared at all likely to accomplish
the object the advocates of the free admission of
bread have in view. With respect to Colonel
THOMPSON, Mr. LOUDON, Mr. RossoN, &c.,
being " crack-brained theorists," we would ob-
serve that it is easier to call names than refute
their arguments. A consideration of the quali-
fications possessed by our contemporary to esti-
mate the value of Colonel THOMPSON'S writings,
reminds us of a remark made, if we rightly
recollect, by the learned SELDEN in the intro-
duction to one of his great works, that whilst it
was able to bear the strictest scrutiny of the most
profound learning, it would require for its un-
derstanding a reader somewhat raised above a
sordid ignorance.

We hear that an Express has been received
from Constantinople by one of the principal
Turkey merchants in the city, stating that our
fleet is not to leave its stat ion near Smyrna, as
stated in the Foreign Papers.

The number of Belgian troops now leaving
our ports for Lisbon, exceeds 1,000.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We have received by the French snail, this morning, the
following interesting document, which we do not believe has
yet been published :
" PROJECT of an ALLIANCE PROPOSED to CHARLES
X., KING of FRANCE, by RUSSIA.

" Question—Will France unite with Russia, or with Eng-
land ? M. Martignac, who had but little sympathy for Wel-
lington, was of an opinion that an alliance with Russia would
be more favourable to France, and begged of the King of
France to examine the report he made on that question.
Charles the Tenth answered quickly,—lt is unnecessary to deli-
berate upon it, as Wellington and myself have arranged every
thing."
