THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
'bifaces from the Morning Papers,. May 16.

4110 fiNING POST.I
We received last night by Express French
Papers to the 15th instant. Their contents are
highly important. " Decisive operations" have
indeed commenced in Catalonia, but not in the
mode or with the success boastfully announced
by the enemy. The retreat, or as it was even
termed, the flight of Mina, turns out to have
been a skilful manoeuvre, which it is admitted
has completely deceived his opponents, and has
enabled him to throw himself into their rear and
to march straight towards France ! By this bold
movement, which we long since anticipated, the
whole character of the contest in that Province is
changed, for the little progress made by the in-
vaders is not only effectually arrested, but they
are hastening back by forced marches to en-
deavour to overtake the Spanish Commanderbe-
fore lie can reach the frontier and transfer the
seat of war to the French territory. If such be
his intention, however, it does not appear
possible for them to prevent its execution,
for he was a day's march in advance of their
nearest division (Eroles'), and there was not a
single French soldier between himself 'and the
frontier ; whilst 7 according to private ad vices,
Guerilla forces are already, acting in the rear of
the enemy. It is also possible that his plan is'to
possess himself of the mountain passes in the
rear and on the right flank of his opponents, so
As to cut off 01 their communications with France
and with the Duke of Angoulerne's army, whilst
the divisions of Milans and Llobera postpd at
Ilostahich, or supported by the vast and strongly
fortified city of Barcelona, would prevent fur-
ther odvance, if under such circumstances they
should be imprudent enough to attempt it. Nei-
ther would he find as much difficulty as it may be
supposed, in maintaining himself in those impor-
tant positions ; for, besides his experience as a
Guerilla Leader, and the natural difficulties of
the country, it must not be forgotten that he
possesses two efficient points d'appui for his ope-
rations, the fortresses of Figueras and the Seo
d'Urgel. Within these he would lodge the pri-
soners and convoys which his skill and activity
in partizan warfare would not fail to take from'
the enemy ;. whilst, if he were hard pressed by
superior numbers, they would always afford him
a place of refuge 'Whither to collect his scattered
forces, and to re-organize them into an army.

[MORNING otttoxict.E.]
The Paris Papers of Wednesday have brought
intelligence from the Rrench army of great im-
portance. Mina has contrived to place himself
and a detachment of his force between the French
and their own frontier, his main body taking the
direction of Rastairieh. Re has passed along the
line of the Ter towards the mountains on the
frontier. Time will show what his object is in
this movement. It can hardly be to enter the
French territory. It is more likely that he
means to avail himself of the nature of the coun-
try to interrupt the French commutdcations. A
Telegraphic Dispatch, which we have also re-
ePived,states that the Report of Marshal Moncey
is dated the Bth.

[TIIE TIMES.]
It may easily be judged with what wicked
exultation and insolent sneers any advantages
over the Spaniards would have been greeted by
the Bourbons and their adherents, when they
endeavour to pluck a boast out of such meagre
materials as our present day's Journal contains.
Stocks somewhat declining in Paris, and certain
sinister rumours being afloat, the Finance Minis-
ter thought it necessary to correct the mischief,
by a message to the Syndicate of the Exchange,
" that Mina" was (doing what he always had
done, and what it was his duty to do, namely)
64 retiring ; and that if he were pressed, as there
" was every' reason to believe he must he, he
64 must fight desperately, or epe retire further
" into the Cerdagne."—The rumours of peace
still continue hut from whom do they spring ?
Not from the Spaniards, but from the French!
This is a pretty plain proof that the latter have
had enough of the war. Their wish was father
to the thought ; but they are not out of it yet !

The Catholics of Ireland are in full activity.
We do not wonder at, and cannot blame them,
feeling themselves disappointed or aggrieved, for
trying all means not in their nature criminal to
obtain redress and satisfaction. On Saturday last
they held their Aggregate Meeting in Dublin,
attended by what one of the Papers calls a " per-
" feet Representation of the Counties." Let the
Cabinet look to this language, and consider what
it actually imports. A long Address to the King
was voted—many lung speeches were delivered
—and in one ftmu Mr. O'Connel, an Oxpla-1
nation was given of the . means through
which the far famed Letter of Mr. Suurin,
suggesting certain modes of getting round
the Grand Juries, by Lord Norbury's closet
lectures on the Catholic question, had been
made public. The letter was picked up in
the street—deposited with a priest—by him
banded Over to Mr. O'Connell, who wished Mr.
Plunkett to act upon it, but the Right Honour-
able Gentleman, through considerations of deli-
cacy, declined is then got into time newspapers.
A permanent committee is to be formed of Catholic
Noblemen an'l Gentlemen, for managing the
affairs of their bedy.----(Ibill.)

[ N 1 V
The subject of Celonial slavery, a subject in
which all the fiiemls of humanity take a deep
interest, occupi d Cy> attention of the House of
Common-3 brit Resolutions were moved
by Mr. Buxton, etubm;ing the main features of
the trwa:;tres Illicit he proposed to effect the
-gradual Ema! elation of the Slaves. Other
Resolutions were brought forward by Mr. Call.
Mug, hrs. specific in their character, and more go.
mend itt 'Feir langca,;r. They went to pledge
the Hou-,e tc promote the Abolition of Slavery
by such means 45; upon mature deliberation they
might consider best calculated to secure at once
