SHAw and JACKSON, employed very nearly three pre-
cious hours last night in discussing a question of breach
of privilege, which Mr. WYNN declared was no breach
of privilege at all. On the debate in the House of
Commons on the Judges' Salaries Bill for Scotland,
Mr. BANNERMAN and Mr. ELLICE spoke very slight-
ingly and disrespectfully of some of the Scotch
Judges, particularly Lord GLENLEB. In consequence
of that Lord BROUGHAM on Monday last
in pronouncing a judgment, alluded to what had been
said in the House of Commons, and said the Scotch
Judges had been foully, falsely, and unfairly attacked.
Mr. BANNERMAN wrote to Lord BROUGHAM for an
explanation; which Lord BROUGHAM refused. Last
night Mr. BANNERMAN brought this question under
the notice of the House, and moved that the printer
of the Tines be called to the bar. Lord JOHN Rus-
SELL, Sir ROBERT PEEL, and several other persons en-
gaged in the discussion, and it was rather curious to hear
Lord JOHN assailing Lord BROUGHAM, and Sir R.
PEEL defending him. There was no disposition to press
the motion fur calling the printer to the bar, which was'
only manic, we presume, to allow Mr. BANNERMAN to
defend himself, lie would have withdrawn it, but
having given notice of a motion for a 'Commission to
inquire into the state of the Scotch Judges, Sir R.
INGLIS objected to the motion being Withdrawn, and it
was negatived without a division.
After some little squabbling about the order of pro-
ceeding, Col. VERNER wishing to go on with the ad-
journed debate, and the Ministers desiring to proceed
with the Municipal Bill (Ireland), the motion was made
that this Bill be read a second time. Lord STANLEY
supported the motion, and took his friends to task for
opposing the second reading on a former occasion.
Sir ROBERT INGLIS moved that the Bill be
read a second time that day six months, of
course under the pretext that the Bill would endanger
the Protestant Church. Sir ROBERT PEEL supported
the second reading of the Bill; thus giving his refractory
followers a slap on the face. They wasted a Parliamen-
tary night by their opposition to the second reading in
his absence a week ago. Finally toe House divided,
and the second reading was carried by 300 to 39.
The Committee of Supply was postponed against the
wishes of the Minister.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL proposed to introduce a
Bill for the amendment of the Insolvent Debtors' Act
without having obtained leave, bat his motion was re-
sisted, and he ilithdrew it.
The Lords' amendments to the Poor Relief Ireland
Amendment all were agreed to, and the House ad-
journed at Half-past Twelve.

Ti:e which took place in the Commons

last evening, relative to the physicial infirmities
of the Scotch Judges, left the question exactly
where it was—the one party affirming that they
were all fit for their duties, the other reiterat-
ing the extraordinary charge made three weeks
ago ; and, in order to put the subject of dispute at rest,
the Hon. Member for Aberdeen has given notice of a
Motion for inquiry. A person looking impartially on
the evidence already given,-however, could have no diffi-
culty in coming to a conclusion that some of them are not
in a state to administer justice as it ought to be adminis-
tered. One of them, it is admitted, is quite deaf, and if
the faculty of bearing is not considered indispensable
in a Judge of what use is Coun-el, or why should that
Judge come into Court. at all ? The argument that.
Sir SAMUEL SHEPPARD, though afflicted with the Same
infirmity, presided over the Scotch Court of Exchequer
for years, and that Lord-GLENLEE, therefore, is equally
fit, only makes good Mr. WALLACE'S case, that the
labours of a Scotch Judge must be small indeed. It is
well known that the office of Chief Baron, for many
years
befo,e it was abashed, was considered a sine-
cure, and also that the appointment in question
was made because the faculty of hearing was considered
in England a necessary qualification in a Judge. But
for that he would have been raised to the English
Bench. It is mere trifling, however, to contend that a
Judge, however great his acquirements and abilities, (and
in these few excelled Lord GLENLEE) at the age of four
score, having performed his labuors for nearly half a cen-
tury, and now'fleaf, can be competent for an office that re-
quires more than any other, perhaps, the use of all the
faculties. But there is another feature in this question.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL consulted the Lord Justice
CLERK, and received an answer with which he appeared
to ba as much satisfied as with that given by the Bishop
of LONDON, relative to theatrical performances in Lent.

Why was the LORD PRESIDENT ❑ot consulted as was
the practice formerly? We believe if the inquiry is
instituted it will be found that the statements made
both by Mr. BANNERMAN and Mr. ELLICE are sub-
stantially correct, and that the people of Scotland will
consider they have done a service to the country by
bringi3g the subject before Parliament.

We direct the attention ofour readers to a meeting of
the Anti-Corn-law Delegates at Manchester, which
took place yesterday, and which is fully reported in
our paper. The resolutions were of a bold character,
and the whole proceedings were obviously intended
to impress on the Legislature the importance
of attending to the prayers of the people. They
declare that the late decision of the House
was calculated to impair the confidence of- the
nation in the wisdom arid justice of the Le-
gislaturethat they see with surprise some pseudo
friends of freedom opposing their claims ; but they
call on the people to come to no definite con-
clusion against them till after Mr. VILLIERS'.
substantive motion of the 12th ; that the
QUEaN's Ministers, by their neutrality on this
great naional question, have a bandoned the exercise
of one of the most important functions of the Cabi-
net, and that the Delegates, increased in number
and power, shall repair to London, to be on the
spot when Mr. VILLIERS makes his motion.
All this is aimed at the Legislature, and comes
most appropriately to strengthen the-hands of Mr.
VILLIERS. His motion will be-the most important
of the Session, unless out of that should arise
treasures of Legislative anarchy fearful to contem-
plate. Too soon the right-minded and peaceable
people cannot impress on the Legislature the neces-
sity, the imperious necessity of laying aside selfishness
asb dd facts
unlessy c
justice oTuonsofactteleillttc:ahlai
erg on
itevinoebgeferaet h
stzhf
refused
easweal
were
Legislature, tibreoicer(ltiglik,qtai
known,
n n
abolition
eralwtyten,locor:ofel plain principles
e
the
oenowcsneclooyionly
y Corn-laws
thedam of jus-
tice.
etvvpfaei;asl
dradl toeni
defended
will be wholly destroyed. The manner in which the
Delegates spoke of her MAJESTY'S Ministers—and
nothing but old recollections checked the use of
much stronger language—must at once convince
them, that if they do not grant the prayers of the ma-
nufacturers, they will become, by the town population
more scorned and hated than ever were the Tories.
Their previous conduct has fixed on them the hopes
of the people, and not now to gratify them will add
treachery to the hostility which the Tories openly
and honestly profess.
We read with no surprise, but some apprehen-
sion, accounts from all quarters that the people are
arming, and that the apprehension or rumours of
their proceedings are begetting, as in Nottingham-
shire, a series of silly proceedings on the part of cer-
tain Magistrates, well calculated to accelerate the
ec.opmin
resg crisis.
sour foAretbodthe same
ingswe timee cannot
we
tiat
join
those who, like the Morning Chronicle,
express regret at the people arming ; nor would
we dissuade them from it.- They have hitherto sent
petitions and remonstrances, and the result is,
them not to arm is to
they arc- treated as slaves. They must riot purchase
m u
sTpt intohp errpe esadsyoi
111 w
bread to save themselves from starving,rigilt, aby
and
Contemporary a
never was
greater
eetai
ee
rl
landlords.
slavery.
leaosvrtedrsy.
poll-taxo
e
.n,drTuohs
aterdyyv. s
say, that the Tories have nothing to fear, that the
We will
be Liberal. The army is under the controul of
the Tories ; the Squires are Colonels of yeo-
manry;
their injustice,
landlords
to
;ion; vldoistwewaisl such c°n never
ulbeena cdc e,oet ohr efoeudog h our
is the
instrumentthey rl
rely to
force,to of
on the bayonet
reason ; and justice,
and can
that only the oppressors, only
any man say
ds only the
the unjust landlords, coercive
Tories shall be have
permitted to . arms ? The
a Chronicle co
advice of the Mornin,, comes to this—
invite the continuance of oppression, b.,
) assuring
that, do what they
conGtoittoinvue
will, yoit never
your oppressors
will resist them. To advise the oppressed not to
arm is to court tyrannx......

. . ay s
of were •
Lecroeegminsmioaettruen
riialei.
of
fo
ltilcieense the Plt;)•
--------
Itaik .
We . said yesterday
un-
dertaken on the ordinary principles
profit and loss, and on those principles are neither
constructed nor carried on. It is the
that
essential cha-
racteristic of trade, and of all real commercial en-
terprizes, that they can he and are undoerrtpakoleincewaitihl:
tlh.egsisalnactutir7
with-
out e
revenue ; it profligately sold
lican and the Maltster, for purposes
a monopoly to the
Bank ; it pretends to secure a remunerating profit to
the cultivator of the soil; but the essential principle
boars itnhteerfaeirdcd
of all commercial enterprizes—taking these as the
illustrations—is, that individuals could cultivate the
soil, establish banks, and carry on the trade of malt_
sters and publicans withon,t asking the Legis-
lature for leave or assistance. Shipowners
and coach-masters may do the same, and
if Some Steam-Nevigation Companies have
gone to Parliament for Atli of Incorporation,
they did that for their own convenience in rela-

tion to a particular state of the law; but the enter-
prize of running steam-boats to all parts of the
world, could be engaged in without asking the
Legislature for leave or help. Such trades and
businesses as can be carried on with out the aid of
the Legislature, it should not meddle with, and
should impartially protect the undertakings of all.
But a railroad is no such business. All the
land is private property, and no road can be carried
through it, against the will of the landowners, ex-
cept by the authority of the Legislature. Before a
railroad can exist the Legislature must act. It is
the effyring of legislation. The Legislature not
only authorises the land to be taken, but it confers
privileges on the Railway Proprietors, and at the
same time prescribes rules for their conduct.
One of the conditions on which it in-
sists is, that a certain sum of money
shall be paid up ; and another generally is,
that the profits shall not exceed a certain rate.
In none of the trades we have mentioned does the.

Legislature interfere to prescribe the quantity of

capital which shall he embarked in it, or the rate
of profit which shall be made. None of them, ex-
cept where the State interferes with them for the
purposes of revenue or police, are in any form or
degree regulated by the Legislature, while the rail-
road speculation is in all its parts, sometimes.even
to the amount of tha fares to be demanded, regu-
lated by the law-maker. These different circum-
stances make the distinction between railroads and
commercial enterprizc palpable; and while we are
strenuous advocates for the perfect freedom of those
trades and businesses which grow up without
the aid or help of the Legislature we feel
ourselves at perfect liberty, nay warranted, to re-
quire a very different rule for those speculations
which, like railroads, are the offspring of legisla-
tion, and by legislation are in a great measure re-
gulated. Such undertakings, we repeat, are not
conducted on the ordinary principle of commercial
enterprise, and if other circumstances require it,
there is no departure from principle in the Govern-
ment or Legislature taking the formation and ma-
nagement of them on itself.

What happens now is this : An enterprising or
speculating engineer gets hold of one or two spe-
culating capitalists, and come City attorney, and
they together concoct a railway scheme. He sur-
veys the ground, and lays down the plans, and then
publishes a prospectus, which obtains many sub-
scribers. The shares of the Company are made
transferable ; all which the projectors require is to
act a premium on thorn, and if that be accom-
plished, those who purchase the shares may or may
not carry the project out to its completion.
In all this one thing is certain, namely, that
neither the scheming engineer, nor the scheming
capitalist, nor the purchasing shaieholder, thinks
for one moment of the public advantage ; what
they study is their profit ; and that is achieved, not
when the railway is completed, not when the line of
communication is established, not when the Com-
pany divide large annual profits, hut—when the
shares fetch a large premium in the market. It
supposed that the enterprize would not be engaged
in unless it were likely to be profitable ; no more it
would ; but the profit is made -on the Stock Ex-
change. Those who buy the shares with the con-
ditions attached by the Act of Parliament, have
very often •found that they have only bought the
privilege of expending their money, without the
chance of ever reaping in their lives a farthing
profit. Are such schemes the proper basis fo-r
what should be a most extensive public convenience?
Are they the secure and certain foundation for Acts of
the Le4e,lature: we mean those Acts wilich create rail-
roads ? Is there in such circumstances a colourable
pretext even for the Legislature invading private
property, and giving the speculative engineer, the
City solicitor in great practice, and one or two
scheming capitalists, the power of establishing such
monopolies as railroads must become ? We at
least think not; and as there must be railroads, as
they must be constituted by legislation, we call
on the Legislature, if it have not altogether lost its
reason, to lay down a wise, a general, and a con-
prehensive scheme of railways, for the whole of 1
England, as it has done for Ireland; and we call
on it to make proper regulations for carrying such
a scheme into effect, and for preserving the control
and management of railroads in the bards of the
Government, responsible to the nation. To con-
vert them into private property, by private Acts of
Parliament, is in fact to make laws and grant 1110110-
polies to the injury of the many for the benefit of
a few.

The Post inquires yesterday morning whether
Lord JOHN RUSSELL did not intimate before
Parliament assembled a wish to retire from office,
and whether he were not dissuaded from it by an
assurance that his retirement would break up the
Government. It further asks whether Lord JOHN
RUSSELL, continually annoyed by the opposition
on the back benches of the Ministerial side,
and •by the cross tire to which he is ex-
posed from the smile quarter, has not re-
cently reiterated his wish, and , expressed an
opinion that he is unable longer to carry on the
QUEEN'S Government in the House of Commons,
We have no authority or power to reply to. these
questions, but the situation of Lord JOHN Rus-
SELL must have become so irksome since he openly
separated himself and the Ministers from the
great body of their supporters on the Ballot anti
seeravl other questions,that we are not at all
surprised at his wish to escape, by any means,
from the difficulties in which he has involved
himself and his party —difficuties which must
be immensely increased by his late desertion
of his own friends to serve under the banner
of the Bishop of LONDON, when a majority
of the House of Commons equally put down the
Bishop's hypocritical cant, and Lord JOHN RUS-
soLL's devotee support of it. Nor has the timid,
undecided, feeble conduct of the Ministers, on the
vital question of the Corn•laws, contributed to make
Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S task easy. Here again the
Whig Ministers have deserted the great body of
their supporters, and have also, which is infinitely
worse, failed to advocate and support the hal-
lowed cause of justice. Holding in their hands the
power of the Government, which is constituted for
the general protection, they have, instead of pro-
tecting the people, and instead of knocking off; from
the great interests of commerce and manufac-
tures, the shackles of the landlords, !lauded
them over, bound .and fettered to be pliin-
dered and devastated by the landed aristocrAcy.
A Ministry which stakes its existence on refusinu
to open the play-houses in Westminster on Wed-
nesdays and Fridays in Lent, and leaves the Corn-
laws to be decided by the chances of a famine or a
popular riot, may well find itself placed in a most
embarrassing situation, if it -even escape general
ridicule and contempt. We, therefore, looking
at the facts of the case, are inclined to believe that
the inquiries of the Post must be answered affir-
matively. Let the electors be on their guard, lest
another general election come suddenly upon them.

The Ist of May next promises to he a grand day
for the Railways. Extension of the lines of some
will take place, such as the Southampton, Great
Western, &c., and several will then be opened for
the first time to the public. Among these is the
Manchester and Leeds, and nearer home the
Croydon Railway. A full report of the proceedings
which took place yesterday at the seventh half-yearly
Meeting of the latter Company will be found
in The 'Sun of this OM% We are happy to see that
the prospects of the Company promise so well. In
fact this Railway will form a grand trunk
line for the South and South-East of Eng-
land, as the Birmingham does for the North,
and must, consequently, greatly profit by the
confluence of traffic pouring in from all
the other lines—Brighton, Dover, Hastings,
Chichester, Portsmouth, &c. When the line is
' completed as far as Brighton, one half the po-
pulation of London will be constantly travel-
ling to the seashore performing the
journey in about an hour ! Many a Cockney
who never saw the broad ocean before, will then feast
his eyes on the wonders of the mighty deep—and
*ash his sallow face, for the first time, in the
invigorating salubrity of pure salt water. The
benefit of railroads will then be- duly appreciated.

The outrage offered to the British Flag in the
Gulf of Mexico was again brought before the
House of Lords last night, by Lord LYNDHURST.
The First Lord of the Admiralty pleaded, as before,
ignorance upon the "sOject ; but, as the Govern-
ment has been driven to something like a decision
at last ; and as the necessary information is to be
laid before Parliament the moment it arrives—
which.. it is expected, will be in the course of
_a
few days—we Oran await what discloEures

there remain to be made, before offering
a decided opinion. The circumstances, as.
Lord BROUGHAM truly observed, look suspi-
cious—the delays are altogether unaccountable ;
but while there is a possibility of their being satis-
factorily explained, it would be unfair roundly to
charge the Government with betraying by their
passiveness the honour of the country. For once
• we entirely concur in the opinion of Lord LYND-
unsT, that had there been a British squadron in
the Gulf no French officer would have dared to
take such a liberty with our flag. To the neglect
of that necessary precaution on the part of the
Government is this unfortunate occurrence solely
ascribable.

Mr. WAGRORN'S establishment in Egypt has put us
in possession of Bombay Papers to the 19th, Madras
to the 1:20, and Calcutta to the 7th of January.
It appears that a change has COMO over the Affghans,
and the Chief of Herat has joined DOST MOHAM-
MED, and his brothers against us. Mit. CAMP-
.DELI., who was formerly in the Est India Com-
pany's service, and now in that of DosT MOHAM-
MED, is busily cecup'ed in fortifying the passes on
our proposed line of march to fiandallar. Russian
intrigue appears to be as actively at work as ever.
These circumstances taken in conjunction will account
fur the conduct of Persia towards our Ambassador, Mr.
M'NEIL, and the recent decline of British influence in
Central Asia. A considerable force, under the com-
mand of Major General BOWEN, was taking the field
against Jhansee, which it was expee!ed would
he shortly reduced. An Envoy from Hydrahad
had arrived at Sir JOHN KEANE'S camp, with the
avo:-.-ed object of arranging for the peaceable ad-
vance of the British imps to that city on their way
to Cabool ; but it was more than suspected that his ob-
ject was to reconnoitre the strength of the British
army. As, however, his arrival at the English camp
was followed by no perceptible •change in the previous
arrangements of the Commander•in-Chief, an impression
prevailed that his real object was discovered, and his
mission therefore rendered unsuccessful.

The Msdras Papers state that the probabilities of a
war with Burmah increase fast. TIIARRAWADDIE shows
increased obstinacy against our Resident. Au exten-
sive manufactory of gunpowder and bullets was carried
on at Rangoon, Martahan, and Biieng, arid 1,000
" invinciblcs" had arrived at the firmer place ; as had
also, happily fur the British residents, her MAJESTY'S
ship Favourite.
Another account states that a rebellion of rather an
extensive nature was sprraiino- on the mountains N.W.
of the capital of Ava, headed' by a cousin of the Usur-
per, end that THARRAWADDIE bad so far become civil
as to allow the !Voorighces to meet Colonel Ronson at
the Lootaw, or Vale of Justice.

Her MAJLsTY's sloop-of-war Fav:.urite was to re-
main at liAngooa until th; result of Colonel BENSON'S
first interview with the KING is known.

About the end of November three of a party
of seventy conspirators, who were taken a few
leagues below Procne, were crucified at Rangoon,
having their' mouths cut from ear to ear, and a stick
thrust down their throats. One lived about six hours,
the other two about twelve hours. Their bodies re-
mained on the cross three days. Oa the Bth December
five more were crucified ; they all dying like martyrs to
their cau,;e.

Everything appeared quiet on the Nepaulese frontier,
although it is alleged Ghoorkha emissaries were busy in
every quarter of Hindostan, exciting the native chiefs
to disaffection.

-From Jeypore, accounts state that matters at that
cite had be -n settled 'satisfactorily. The mutineers
(from 4,000 to .5,000 in number, with IS pieces
of cannon) alter standing their ground till ar-
rangem:Jnts had been made for attacking them
in position, laid down their arms, gave up their guns
and other materiel, and had been disbanded, selections
of them having been received into the now levy to be
incorporated with Foster's brigade.
The transportation of Indian labourers had been put an
end to at Calcutta, agreeably to the instructions for-
warded from England.
Accounts from the Red Sea state that the expedition
which sailed from Bombay on the 31st of December,
had taken possession of Adel), after storming the place,
the loss on the part of the Beitish being 13 killed and
wounded, and on that of the Arabs about 1.50 killed.
Sir PEILLGRINE MAITLAND, late Commander-in-
Chief at Madras, embarked for England in the ship
Columbia, on the 4th of July. The ships Berkshire
and Toy had arrived safe at Bombay, from England.
The Malabar sailed for London on the 4th of Jarman'.
The Aurora was to sail on the 24th of the same month,
for England, with invalids from the several British
Regiments in India, under Lieutenant POORE, of the.
4th Light Dragoons.
The next overland mail for England was to
be despatched from Bombay on the 25th ult.
The Mail sent from Bombay on the 19th of Ja-
nuary, via Falmouth, will not reach Landon before
the 26th inst. Tile public nil' thus percuive the great
advantage whieli.the country derives, in the obtaining
early intelligence, from WAnuonN's unpaid services.

The latest accounts from Madrid are of the 28th
ult. The REGENT continued in a state of severe in-
disrosition. On the 27th, tlia TarifF's Committee de-
cided, by a great majority, in favour of the reduction
of duties on foreign vessels, recommended by England.
ESPARTERO has lost one of his creatures, by the death
of Don ISintANDA, Under Secretary of War, who ex-
pired on the 27th, in the Spanish capital.

The whole of the Palis—Journals of Thursday have
reached us, but their contents are uninteresting. The
Journal des Debuts claims a majority of one out of 431
election returns in favour of Ministers ; while the com-
merce contends that the Cabinet is already in a minority
of thirteen votes. A very few days will, however, settle
this point, which, while in a state of abeyance, is of no
importance to our readers.
The following news from Russia includes all that is
of any moment in the Paris journals :

We have the following letter from Odessa:—" Au express
received yesterday from Moscow brings orders to Gen. Count
bliss immediately to send a. division of the cavalry in the Colo-
nies to the country of the Don Cossacks. The courier states
that Lieutenant-General Nayhurt has left Moscow for the
rtme destination with two brigades of infantry, two regiments
of hussars, and some artillery. Though the Government
still endeavours to conceal it, there is no doubt that great dis-
content prevails among the Don Cossacks ; it is even affirmed
that a military insurrection has broken out at Nova Tcher-
kusk, the capital of the country, and that it is daily spread-
ing. This insurrection is entirely caused by the Ukase, which
has just been promulgated, and which abolishes the privileges
which the Don Cossacks enjoyed of not being obliged to do
military service for life, nor liable to .be transported
to Siberia. What is certain is that General Wise, Hetman
of the Cossacks ad interim, as soon as he was acquainted with
this Ukase quitte t Novo Tcherkusk, because lie foresaw a fer-
mentation among those under him, and feared that in that case
they would seize on his person.
It is said that the principal nobles in the country of the Don
Cossacks, such as the Jelowajski, Geffremat, Schermazabef,
Dinytrsf, &c., incessantly exhort the people to defend with
energy their ancient privileges. The event is of great im-
portance to our country.
General Baron Ven !or Osten Sacken left Odessa to-day to
put himself at the had of a division of Lancers, and to
march to the Don, at the same time Count Rzewowski is gone
to give orders to another division of Lancers, to proceed to the
same destination.
" A let ter from St. Petersburgh informs us that before trans-
mitting the Ukase abovementioned, to Need Tcherkusk, the
Emperor ordered Count Orloff Denisoff, the real chief of the
Don Cossacks, not to leave St. Petersburgh. This proves that
it was expected that the Ukase would give occasion to disorders,
and that it. was feared that the Nobleman who is loved by the
Cossacks, but not in favour with the Emperor, would go and
organise a general insurrection in his country. We expect im-
portant news ; as soon as it arrives I shall hasten to communi-
cate to you."—Le CCM: merce.

OU SE.—PARIB, ZIIYRSDAT, MARCM 7.
t'irst Uighest Lowest Last,

Price. Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents IA tp ... 10,3 79 ... 104 50 ... 103 70
4 per Cents lOl 50 ... 100 50 10 , ... 10) 50
S per Cents 79 5 . 71 •.•.'5 79 5 ... 79 25
Laffitte Bak 1,0006 Sh lalo .... :030 ...10 0
5,000 f :h 5 9 —5195 • ...5100
Belgian sOr Cents lOl% ... 100,4 101% ... 1004
:3 per Cents ... 69 50 ... 09 50 ... 63 0 ... 69 59
Bank 560 ... :61 ... 560 ... t. 60
5 anish Ac ire ... 24% •.:014 201,E

Neapolitan 99
Roman

ItAIirWAY-StlAltk:;. ..
St. Germaiq
Versailles, R. E 5,0 ...:145 ... sso ... 555
L.E.ISO ... 187 51 ... Iss ... 147 50
Itou7n
Charleroi ... 451 ...450 ...450 ...45•
Strasburg to Bale 3:>.., 51 3'). 50 ...:1113 50 ... 5221 :.0
ASPHA LTES AND BIIU qENS.
Dez Maur&, (B.) ... 3.:0 ... :130 ... 350 ... 3 0
Oalvaniz • d lion

The Earl of Clarendon, it is understood, will
lead Lady Katherine Barham to the hymeneal altar in the
course of June.
The debut of the youthful daughters of Earl
Grosvenor has been postponed to a more advanced period of
the season, owing to the recent deaths or the Duchess-Countess
of Sutherland and the young Lady Evelyn Grosvenor.
The Countess of Grongall, who was dangerously
indisposed at Cahir Castle, the seat of the Noble Earl, in the
county Tipperary, is convalescent. The Surgeon-General has
attended her Ladyship during her illness.
Miss Davys, whose resignation of her appoint-
ment in the Royal Household had been erroneously announced
in one of the provincial journals, fills the same office in the
Royal establishment as was discharged by 'Miss Wilson in the
household of Queen Adelaide—namely, Resident Maid of Ho-
nour, to be always in attendance at the Palace.
Baron Bulow was much better last evening.
Numerous inquiries have been made after his Excelleneyis
health, during the past three days, by the members of the corps
diplomatique and the nobility.
LEITRIM ELECTION.—We have great pleasure
is announcing the unopposed return of Lord Clements as
representative for the County of Leitrim, in the room of
his lamented brother. The election took place yestelday.
Sir Josia Rowley. Bart. was the proposer, nod Captain
Po ton, the seconder of L;rd Clcments.—Dublin Even,
ing" Post.
HA NOVER, FEB. 27.—The Magistrates of
Hanover have been summoned by a Cabinet Rescript to
-elect a Deputy instead of M. Meyer. It is thought that
the.eity will ref Use to elect a Deputy. It is reported that
only twenty-five Members attended in the Chantber to-
day, so that a prorngat;on and dissolution are probable.
An Address, with twenty-nine signatures has been selt to
the German Diet.
