LAMBETH.

The memorable defeat which the
Reformers
have sustained in the inetrop.i>an districts, mainly at-
tributable as it is tt 'le admirably combined exertions
of the Refomers, has excited the bitterest wrath of
the Tqiies against such unprincipled coalitions. At this
we ought not to be surprised. We cannot expect rats
to be in love with ratsbane, nor certain other vermin
to approve of small-toothed combs. Every animal or
animalcule has an instinctive antipathy to the in-
strument of its destruction; it is, therefore, natural that
the Tories should vent their spite against the union
of the Reformers. This union of all the true
friends of the Constitution (however they may
differ on speculative points) to drive the Anti-
Reformers from the helm of the State is, for-
sooth, not a less certain symptom of apostacy than
when men, who have spent their lives in fostering
abuses and opposing Reform, suddenly profess them-
selves Reformers—men, in whose professions we can
put no faith, without believing, at the same time, that
they will renounce every principle which they have
hitherto maintained, and maintained too as absolutely
essential to the existence of the monarchy To what
wretched sophistry will not they resort who are deter-
mined to support a bad cause at all haisrds ? Do we
not daily see religionists of all descriptions uniting in
societies for circulating the Bible, and for disseminating
the blessings of education among the poor and the ig-
norant ? There the High Churchman and the Low
Churchman ; the Presbyterian, the Independent, and
the Baptist ; the Methodist, and the Quaker ; meet on
the same platform, and advocate the same cause. Is
this apostacy ? No ! The sectarian is merged in the
Christian philanthropist. All have one object in view,—
to pull down the strongholds of spiritual corruption,
and to advance the cause of virtue and happiness ;
and all feel that, without compromising any principle,
they can effectually accomplish, by combined exertion,
that to which their individual efforts would be alto-
gether inadequate. If, then, no conscientious scruples
intervene to prevent religious reformers, of all persua-
sions, from uniting for a common object, what shall we-
think of that factious perverseness which would impute
a similar union among political reformers to want of prin-
ciple ? This union is no doubt a death-blow:tothe hopes •
of the Tories, and we must therefore allow them a little
latitude in railing against it. They are playing a
losing game, and it is their privilege to grumble. But ;,
let not the Reformers be deceived by their vain sophis-

try. Their cry against " union" is the surest proof
that it is wisdom to unite ; and we trust the electors
of Middlesex will bear this in mind. They have now
a most important duty to perform to their country.
It is NOW THEIR TURN to show, that when
the sacred citadel of the Constitution is besieged by
the enemies of liberty, they arc ready to lay aside all
other considerations, for the one great object of ex-
pelling the invaders. In such a cause there must be
no distinction between the Catholic and the Protestant,
between the Churchman and the Dissenter, between
the Whig and the Radical. In this hour of peril, it
is the duty of all the friends of their country to come
boldly forward, and, sacrificing, on the altar of
patriotism every prejudice which has hitherto kept
them apart from one another, devote their undivided,
their concentrated efforts to the support of that
great cause which is now identified with the peace,
the prosperity, the happiness—nay, the very existence
of the Empire.

We have received the Paris Paper; of Saturday,
together with the Gazette de li'rancc and the Alessager
of yesterday, but their contents are not important.
The whole of the Parisian Journals are at present
occupied with discussions on the PRESIDENT of the
United States' Message, and the probability of a war
between France and North America.

After various delays and disappointments, for which
we can assign no satisfactory cause, we have received
President JACKSON'S Message to the Congress of the
United States upon the commencement of the Session,
on 'the Ist of December, which will be found in another
pert of The Sun. The Message of the President
of the United States is at all times an important do-
cument ; because, unlike the speeches- put into the
mouths of the Crowned heads of Europe, it contains a
full exposition of the conduct of the Government, the
internal and external condition of the country, and the
deliberate opinions of the Chief Magistrate upon all ques-
tions which are likely to engage the attention of the States
R c.presentatives. There is no recourse to subterfuge
--no attempt to mystify—no desire to deceive—snd no
effort to conceal, on the part of the North American
Government. The President is the Steward of the
States, and his Message is both a rendering a full ac-
count of his Stewardship, and a declaration of his
views with respect to the future, without which • he
would not be re-appointed.
But important as is at all times the President's
Message to Congress, it is peculiarly so at present, in
consequence of the apparently approaching hostile ter-
mination of the long contested differences between the
Governments of France and the United States. Most
of our readers will not require to refer.- to the Presi-
dent's MeSsage to be aware, that America suffered
heavy losses during the Imperial Regime of NAPO-
LEON, from the capture of several ships belonging to
the Republic, which were presumed by the EMPEROR
to belong to England, and disposed of accordingly.
On the re-accession of the BOURBON dynasty, the
American Government claimed compensation for losses
sustained, for no less a period than seventeen years,
commencing with 1800—France not being held re-
sponsible for acts conunitted during the first re-
volution. These claims obtained the attention
of CHARLES X., and were on the eve of
being settled, when the Revolution of July
once more changed the aspect of affairs in France.
On the accession of LOUIS PIIILLIPPE the claims of
'America to compensation were renewed by her diplo-
matic agents, and a final arrangement of the question
took place on the 4th of July, 1831, when the Go-
vernment of France agreed to pay America an indeM-
Uity of twenty-five millions of francs (1,000,0001.) in
six annual instalments, the first to be paid in one
year after the signing of the treaty for that purpose.
In consequence of this amicable and just disposition on
the part of France, the Government of the United States
agreed to admit French wines and various other produce
at a low rate of duty, thereby giving France an advan-
tage over other countries, of the greatest importance to
her citizens. But although this treaty was agreed to
by the French Government, and notwithstanding that
for four years she has enjoyed the benefits of that
treaty, in so far as it appeared to
for her produce in the . Ler an excellent market
United States, at a lower rate
tariff than ':;as allowed to other countries, France has,
we' to the present hour, neglected to pay off a single
instalment ; and to make the matter still worse, the
• Chamber of Deputies has refused to make a
grant for such a purpose. This apparent perfidy
On the part of France, has at last roused the ire
of the inhabitants of the United States, who both
feel • themselves insulted and swindled out of
their just claim's by the trickery of the French Cabinet.
Five times has France had opportunities afforded her
of doing justice to America—the diplomatic agents of
the United States have exerted all their influence to
impress upon the Citizen KING the necessity of per-
forming his part of the treaty, but without effect ; and
as the last and only means of obtaining justice,
the President recommends to Congress, that provided
France does not make good the claims of America be-•
fore a certain fixed period, then ought America to
make reprisals on France, to the amount of her just
and recognized claims. This, of course, is almost
tantamount to a declaration of war ; for although the
PRESIDENT expresses it as his opinion, that such a
proceeding ought not to be considered as an infraction
of the peace subsisting between the Governments, yet
it is not to be supposed that France would entertain a
similar opinion, and so permit her merchants to be
plundered without resenting such a national in-
sult. It is not for us to express very strong
opinions on a subject so foreign to ourselves ; but we
are Most unquestionably satisfied, that should the Con-
gress of the United States agree in the correctness of
the sentiments expressed by the PRESIDENT, there
will be few of the European States which will enter a
protest against the equity of such a proceeding. France
certainly occupies a position far from enviable in this
business. Her conduct, to say the least of it, is more
than suspicious. Did we stand in the room of America
in such a contest, the language of the PRESIDENT is
the very same as that which we would recom-
mend to the Sovereign of Great Britain, and to our re-
presentatives in Parliament. We consider the whole
conduct of America, with respect to these claims, as
most stmicable.and exemplary, and are persuaded that a
furths,r extension of it would derogate from the honour
of tl'.e States. Enough has been done to conciliate
France, and to maintain its independence. It is incum-
bent on the Government of the United States to adopt
sterner policy for the time forthcoming.
Other most important subjects are discussed in
the PRESIDENT'S Message. The first is the entire
payment and total extinction of the public debt ; and
the second the declared determination of the Execu-
tive Government not to make any further use of the
National Bank in the collection of the public revenue.
The total extinction of the debt took place on the Ist
of January, but as these subjects require more than a
casual nwrce, and as the press of home intelligence
obliges us to abreviate our foreign articles, we must
take anothe, r opportunity of recurring to them,

MEMBERS RI:TURNED.

ENGLAND AND NT.ALES.-001iN'f1ES.

Essex, North Division, Jan. 10.—Sir J. T. Tyrrel Bart. and
A. Baring, Esq., without opposition.
Gloucestershire, Eastern Division; Jan. 10.—Hon. A. H.
Moreton and C. W. Codrington, Esq., without opposition.
Leicester, North Division, Jan. 10.—Lord Robert Manners and
C. M. PhiHipps, Esq., without opposition.
Northampton, Southern Division, Jan. 10.—Sir C. Knightley,
Bart., rnd R. W. Cartwright, Esq,, without opposition.
Rutland, Jan. 10.-.-Sir G. N. NtiOli anti Sit G. Heath-
eote, Bart:

Staffordshire, Southern Division, Jan. 9.—Sir J. Wrottesley,
Bart., and E. J. Littleton, Esq.;without opposition.
Shropshire, Northern Division, Jan. 10.—Sir R. Hill and W.
C. Gore, Esq.

BOROUGHS.
Arhton-under-tyhe, Jan. 'O.—Mr. Hindley.
Aylesbury, Jan. 10.—Mr. Bickford and M. Hanmer.
Bradford, Jan. lo.—Messrs. Hardy and Lyster.
Bedford, Jan. 10.—Messrs. Polhill and Crawley.
Blackburn, Jan. 10.—Messrs. Turner and Feililet.
Carnarvan, Jan 10.—Colonel Parry.
Chester, Jan. 9.—Lord R. Gr&verity, end J, Jervis, Esq,, with-
oat opposition.
Cocaermouth, Jan. 10.—H. A. Aglionby, Esq., and F. L. B.
Dykes, Esq.
Finsbury.—T. Duncombe, Esq. and T. Wakley, Esq.
Flint, Jan. Io.—Sir S. Glynn, by Sir H. Brown as proxy.
Greenwich.—J. Angerstein, Esq. and A. G. Barnard, Esq.
Knaresborough, Jan. 10.—A. Lawson, Esq., and J. Richards, Esq.
Lambeth.—Bight Hon. C. Tennyson and W.,. Hawes, Esq.
Manchester, Jan. 9.—Mr. Thompson and Mr. Phillips.
Marylehone.—Sir S. Whalley and H. Bulwer, Esq.
l‘lorpeth, Jan. 9.—Hon. E. G. G. Howard.
Preston, Jan. 9.—Messrs. Fleetwood and Stanley.
Salford, Jan. 9.—Mr. Brothcrton.
Shcffield—J. S. Buckingham, Esq. and J. Parker, Esq.
Tavistock, Jan. 10.—Lord W. Russel and I. Rundle, Esq.
Tiverton, Jan. 10.—Messrs. Hcatheoat and Kennedy.
Truro, Jan. 9.—J. E. Vivian, Esq., and W. Tooke, Esq.
Wolverhampton, Jan, 10.--,-Messrs. Thorneley and Villiers.
IRELAND.—BOROUGHS.
Down, Jan. 10.—David Ker, Esq.
Dungannon, Jan. 10.—Hon. C. Knox.
Enniskillen.—Hon. A. H. Cole.
Limerick (City)—W. Roche, Esq., and D. RecheF.sq,
Portarlington, Jan. G. L. DaWson Darner, Esq.
DUBLIN UNIVERSITY.
F. Shaw, Esq., and T. Lefroy, Esq.

STATE OP THE POLLS.

ENGLAND I

Ashton-under-Lyne, Jan. 9.
Hindlef 212
Help!,
63
First elected.
Aylesbury, Jan. 10.
Rickford
Hanmer • 586
Hobbouse
Leo 269
Two first'elected.
Bedford, Jan. 10.

Polhill
Whitbread...
Crawley
Two first elected.
Birmingham, Jan. 10.
Attwood
Seimlefield
Spooner
Two first returned
Blackburn, Jan. 10
Turner ..... - 432
Feiidea
Bow ring 303
• Two first elected.
Bradford, Jan. 10.

Hardy
Lister
Hadfield

6081
531
385

'rwo first elected.
Carnarron, Jan. 9.

Colonel Parry ........ 177
Major Nanney
Cockermouth, Jan. 10.
• Aglionby
Dykes 145
Hasman
Two first elected.

J. Talbot, Esq.

IREI;
Athlone,
30

ND WALES.

Manchester, Jan. 9
Thomson 3352
'Philips 3164
Braid!ey
Wolesley
Two first elected.
I Preston, Jan. 9.
Fleetwood
Stanley .. 2092
Thompson
Smith
Two first elected.
Salford, Jan. 8.
Brotherton 795
Dugdale 572
First elected.
_ . Sheffield, Jan. 9.

Parker
168 k,
Buckingham
Bailey 1484
Two first eleettd.
Tiverton, Jan. 10.

365
184
134

Heathcoat .
Kennedy
Chichester
Langmcad
Two first elected.
_ Truro, Jan. 8.

Mr. Ennis Vivian
Mr. Tooke 270
Sir II Vivian
Wolverhampton, Jan. 10.
776
Thornely
Fereday
Nicholson
Two first returned.

AND.
Jan. 9.
I Captain Mathew

ELECTIONS FIXED.

IRELAND.. COUNTIES.
Antrim, Jan. ord Belfast and General O'Neill.
Cavan, Jan. 14.—H. Maxwell, Esq., and J. Younger, Esq.
Donegal, Jan. Ig.—Colonel Conelly and Sir E. S. Hayes.
Fermanagh, Jan. 14 —General Archdale and Lord Cole.
Kildare, Jan. 14.-11. M. Farrall, Esq., Hon. T. Ponsonby,
and E. Ruthven, Esq.
King's, Jan. 16. —Lord Oxmantown, Hon. Col. Westenra, and
N. Fitzsimon, Esq.
Leitrim, Jan. 20.—Lord Clements and S. White,
Louth, Jan. 20.--Sir-P. Bellew, 11. M. Bellew, Esq., and Hon.
S. Forster.
Mayo—Jan. 19.
-Monaghan, Jan. 15.--C. Lucas, Esq., and Hon. H. B. Wes-
tenra.

Roscommon, Jan. 13.—The O'Connor Don, F. French, Esq.,
and F. S. Barton, ERq..

Sligo, Jan. 21.—C01. Percival and E. J. Cooper, Esq.
Tipperary, Jan. 21.—R. L. Sheil, Esq., and 0. Cave, Esq.
Tyeone, Jan. 14.—Lord C. Hamilton, Lord Alexander, and
Lord Corry.
Waterford, Jan. 19.—J. M. Galway, Esq., and P. Power, Esq.
Westmeath, Jan. 21.—M. L. Chapman, Esq., and Sir R. Nagle.
Wicklow, Jan. 19.--J. Grattan, Esq., and R. Howard, Esq.
CITIES. _ _

Cork, Jan. 12.—Dr. Baldwin, D. Callaghan, Esq., and Lieut.
Colonel Chatterton, who has started on the Conservative interest.

BOROUGHS.

Athlone, Jan. 9.—Captain Matthew and John Talbot, Esq.
Belfast, Jan. 12.—Lord A. Chichester, J. E. Tennent and J.
M'Cance, Esqrs.
Carrickfergus; 10.—Sir A. Chichester and P. Kirko, Esq.
Cashell, Jan. 14.—M. Penefsther and L. Perrin, Esqrs.
Clonmel, Jan. 13--J. Bagwell and D. Ronayne, Esqrs.
Drogheda, Jan. 12—. C. O'Dwyer, Esq.
Dundalk, Jan. 14.—W. S. Crawford, Esq.
Dungarvon, Jan. 12.—P. G. Barron and M. 0. Loghlin, Esq.
Kinsale—Jan. 13.
Newry.—Sir T. Staples, D. C. Brady, and W. H. Quinn, Esq.
Portarlington, Jan. 9.—Colonel D. Darner.
Ross—Jan. 12.
Sligo, Jan. 9.—S. Martin, Esq.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS.

FRENCH FUN DN.—PARIS, JAN. 10.
Fir, p •r Cents., 107 f. 15c, 2)e.
Three per Cents., 77f. We. 15e.
Rente de Naples, I)sf. 80e.
Roma', Five per Cents., 95M.
Remo ,l'Espagne, Five per Cents , 43%. • '
liente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 281.
nova! '.naitialt Loan, 44.
ilehtf• d'Espagne, Fire per Cent.,
PeWI, Loan, I'ive per Cents ,
Porat:;tiese Loan, Five per Cents., b7ii.
rICOANGK ON LONDON.
O,IC tb, riper, 25r. 27,4 e. ; money, 25f. 27 c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 15e.; money, 2.5 f.
Au.'iwntique.

.. __
DUTCH FUNDS—AMain:DAM, JAN. Q.
Aetna;-9 bt, 21i per Cent. 54 .(, to 55
Amur: :. 4 % tixlic, 4'Q per ccnt......
Ditto, ditto, 314 per cent TN to 77
Loan (1-.? u) 5 per cent.
Ditto (,32 and :833) 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, Ore month l2 20
Two months
PRUSSIAN FUNDS—BERLIN, JAN. 5.
St. Schuh'. Seh. 4 per c;,nt.
Pru,.ian I.7.ngligh Loan, 18.10,_.4 per cent 9;.,i 95%

)DIA S A.

NOMINATION
FOR THE COUNTY THIS DAY.

BY EXPRESS.

At a very early boog this ib'cirnitig tlte eeishbourhood of the
hustings at Brcntford was surrounded by a vast croiii al tier.
sons anxious to witness the proceedings of the day. At about
half-past nine o'clock Mr. Wood, the Tory candidate arrived,
attended by a large party carrying crimson and blue banners,
on which were inscribed, " Wood rui• mitt," and ethers with
immense green boughs and preceded by a band of music.
Shortly after *Mr. Hume arrived in an open carriage drawn by
four grey horses: the carriage of the hon. gentleman was pre-
ceded by a number of horsemen carrying banners with appro-
priate inscriptions, and followed by a numerous train of car-
riages, containing his committee and friends. The hon. gentle-
man tppcqired in adellent health, and was loudly cheered by
the crowd.
Mr. BYNG'S carriage afterwards appeared, in which were
Sir John Byng and some other friends of that hon. gentlemen.
Mr. WOOD first presented himself on the hustings, having
been ushered forward by Captain Burton, the late unsuccessful
candidate for the. Tower Hamlets. _ _ _

Mr. HOME next appeared, and wag received with loud cheer-
ing, and cries of " No Hume" from Mr. 'Wood's party.
Mr. WOOD came forward and shook hands with Mr. Hume,
and some laughter was excited in consequence of some portion
of the lattrel with which Mr. Hume's hat was decorated having
fallen from it at that moment.

We noticed on the hustings Sir Samuel Whalley, Sir Peter
Laurie, Colonel Wood (the father of the Tory candidate), Sir
John Eyng, and several other gentlemen.
At about twenty minutes past ten the Bberiff3, Raphael and
lidge, arrived on the hustings, and the proceedings imme-
diately commenced.
The
}Proclamation being made,
Mr. nder-Eiherift liltAithorst the writ and the Bribery
Act, and the several preliminaries having been gelid tlitottgli,
Mr Sheriff RAPIIAEL came forward and said—Freeholders
of the county of Middlesex, the independent livery of the
city of London having conferred on me and my colleague the
high and responsible oEce of BheiilT of' London and Sheriff
of Middlesex, the honour of commencing the proceedings
has devolved on me as the senior Sheriff, humble and unworthy
an inclividtial ai I rifitaaa(Cheett.).,--,4 shall endeavour to dis-
charge this pleasing duty as well as f CA briefly en-
treating your indulgence to supply my deficiencies. Von tin
assembled to exercise the proudest privilege of Englishmen—
to exercise the right of electing your own representatives.—
(Loud cheering.)-=-The happiness_ an 4 prosperity of nations
depend, it is well known, upon their laWs. If the laws are
good and well administered, the nation prospers and
rishes. If, on the other hand, the laws are not good, or if
good, not well administered, the inevitable consequence must
be dissatisfaction and atareltyp=4l,oud cheers. ).—lt is there-
fore your duty to choose honest, able, 6.11t1 ititlerendent
law-givers—to select gentlemen of great minds, inde-
pendent principles, and high•character.—( Great cheering.)—
I hope, gentlemen' you will take in good part the few obser-
vations I have taken the liberty of Making to you, and that
you will not deem them impertinent or irrelevant to the object
for which we are assembled. --( Hear, hear.) I hope they
will be at kitidly remind Rs they are kindly meant. I shall
not trespass further on you than to EilftcAt earnestly and im-
portunately that :you will give every gentleman here a patient,
candid, and impartial hearing. It is by hearing the senti-
ments of all the candidates and their respective friends, that
you will be able to form a correct estimate of the fitness of
each of them to serve you at this important crisis, and dis-
charge their duties conscientiously.—( Hear, hear.) I shall
now proceed to the business of the day, and hope you will
grant me the request I have made.—( Loud cheers.)
S. WHITBREAD, Esq., then came and said—Electors of the
County of Middlesex, I appear before you again to
propose to you the name of George Byng, Esq.—(loud
cheers)—at a candidate for your suffrages on this
occasion—(Loud Cheers)—and having undertaken to put him
in nomination, I feel that I have imposed upon myself an easy
task.—(hear, hear.) Gentlemen, it is no new name that I
propose to your notice. It is not now that lam called on to
state what Mr. Ilyng's public principles are nor in his name to
make any pledge as to his future conduct—(Tremendous
cheering)—hut I am certain that your feelings will respond to
my own, when I say Mr. Byng's name is irreproachable in
private life, where he has always been employed in conferring
benefits and kindnesses upon those around him, and during a
public life of forty-five years spent in your service, you have
have had more than ample reason to place him now for the
twelfth time in the proud situation to which lie aspires, and
enable him to serve you as he has hitherto done, by his honest
votes. If these are not sufficient reasons why Mr. Byng is
in every sense of the word a fit person to represent you, I
know not where to look for them.—( Applause. ) Gentlemen,
I am proposing to you a consistent man, and by that I mean
a man not in the sense in which it is frequently understood, a
fixed determination to adhere with bigotry and obstinacy to
one set of principles, but a man who watches the changes of
circumstance and acts according to the dictates of his conscien-
tious conviction.—( Cheers.) I know that the electors of Mid-
dlesex hold his character in high respect, because he has most
enthusiastically and strenuonsly defended the rights and liber-
ties of the people, and in times of agitation and distress he has
never deserted their cause.—( Cheers.) If I wish to look for
additional topics in order to insure his success, I would find
them by appealing to your feelings upon all similar occasions
when Mr. Byng has appeared on the hustings. Gentlemen,
he is not now with us ; perhaps it is not known to all of
you that he has been afflicted during the last twelve months
with the loss of sight, but, through the mercy of God, that
blessing will be soon restored to him, and his near relatives
will tell you that lie is as fit now to fulfil his duties as ever
he was in his life. With respect to local interests. I
need hardly tell you, that when Middlesex loses Mr.
Byng it will lose its truest and ablest friend.—(Hear.)
In a country where there are so many districts governed by
local acts there must actually be conflicting interests, but
as a mediator between contending parties and interests I
never saw a man better qualified to discharge that duty
than Mr. Byng. Gentlemen, I shall conclude by observing
that I feel the highest pride and honour in pro-
posing as a fit and proper person to represent you in Parlia-
ment George Byng, Esq.—(Tremendous cheering )
Mr. TUFFNELL appeared to second the nomination. He
said—Brother Electors, I never came forward upon any oc-
casion with more pleasure than I do now, to second the no-
mination of Mr. Byng. If ever there was a time when we
should be represented in Parliament by men who have long
been the tried friends of the people, it is at this moment,
when the Ministry who had fought for and carried the Reform
Bill are dismissed, and they are succeeded by men who are
only known by their opposition to all reform—who are only
new-made converts to our cause, which they now promise to
carry on.—( Groans.) They say they are now going to carry
on Reform, but if they fulfill their promises, it will be in the
teeth of their whole former life.—( Cheers and groans.)
They are the same men whom you fought and conquered
when they were armed with all the power of corruption, and
are you now to be frightened by this remnant of a Tory fac-
tion.—(Cheers, and cries of " No, no.") Those miserable
Tories, • who are catching at every straw to save them-
selves from drowning.—( Tremendous cheering.) All England
is now raised against them, and we will have no compromise
with the Tories—their sorrow is our joy—(Cheers)—their
destruction is our salvation—( Great cheering.) Gentlemen,
the metropolis has set a most glorious example to all England,
which has been well followed in the boroughs and towns where
the elections have taken place—( Cheers.) It is now for you,
the freeholders of this, the first and most wealthy county, to
set the example to the other counties, by sending men into
parliament who are well known as the staunch friends of the
people.—( Cheers.) I have great pleasure in seconding the
nomination of Mr. G. Byng—( Cheering. )
Sir JOHN S. LILLIE then appeared and said—" Brother
Electors—

A party of Mr. Wood's friends here set up a tremendous
hooting and hissing—there were cries of " No Scotchman—
Wood, keep your bull-dogs away, &c."
Mr. Sheriff RAPHAEL entreated of them to be quiet, and Mr.
Wood frequently called out " Obey the Sheriff." The up-
roar still continued, when Mr. Wood again addressed them
saying, " Men, you come from my own home, and I beg as a
particular favour you will obey the Sheriff."
Order having been partially restored,
Sir JonN SCOTT LILLIE resumed :—Brother Electors, I
come forward on the present occasion to propose to you the
nomination of that candidate whom you placed at the head of
the poll at the last election.—( Cries of " We will do so
again.") I am quite satisfied that you will.—( Groans from
Mr. Wood's party.) I feel satisfied that you will do so, notwith-
standing the feeble exertions now made for the purpose
of raising objections to him.—( Cries of " No, no.")
You will be convinced of that, Gentlemen, if you look in the
corner.—( Great uproar.) Mr. Hume, Gentlemen, is not a
Colonel of Militia, and has no non-commissioned officers to
order to this scene of action.—( Cheers, groans, and great
uproar, which having lasted some time, Mr. Hume applied to
the Sheriff to have that party which made so much noise re-
moved farther back.) The Sheriff again interfered, and
SIR JOHN SCOTT LILLIE—I am here, and want nothing but
fair play ; grant me that fair play which is due to every Eng-
lishman.—( The uproar still continued, notwithstanding all the
exertions of the Sheriff, who said—" I am sorry you have not
kept your word with me.")
Dr. CARPUE got upon the hustings to restore order. He
said he was a decided Radical, but he liked fair play on all
sides, and entreated that they woule give a fair hearing to
every party. The uproar having been quelled—
SIR JOHN SCOTT LILLIE again addressed them, and said—
I had the satisfaction of proposing Mr. Hume upon his first
introduction to this county, and I have seen nothing in his
conduct since then. no alteration in his political sentiments, no
alteration in his unflinching and most zealous exertions
in the cause of the people.—( Cheers.) No alteration in his
opposition to those who opposed the rights of the people,
therefore I have no reason to alter my opinion respecting
him.—( Cheers.) And I hope that this is the same case with
every elector. Why should they alter their opinion respecting
Mr. Hume ?—( Cheers.) It was not by raising an outcry that
they were to argue a point of this nature—it was not by an
uproar you are to judge who is most proper to represent you
in the approaching struggle for your lives and liberties.—
( Cheers.) Look to the metropolitan boroughs, how triumph-
antly they have distinguished themselves—are you to be be-
hind hand with them ?—( Loud cheers.) You ought rather
set an example than follow it, but if you follow their example I
will be satisfied. Did not these boroughs re-elect those who had
stood by the people ? Did not they reject those who though

Iprofessed Reformers were opposed to the people?—( CI ears.) -
Those men who opposed Mr. Grote's motion on the bellot,
Mr. Tennyson's motion for Triennial Parliaments, and Mr.
nobingott'.! maion •for a property tax ? Did not Mr. flume
tee the other ham: 'rapport these measures ?—( Cheers.) Ana`'
will you Thee: i-etterra.hui: with ingratitude and turn him out •;
or the country ? I have toe good 511 opinion of the electors to
fancy such a thing. Ido not think There a.re many electors
assembled here. —( Tremendous uproar end cheering.) If there:
itefe, tee shuuhl not have this disturbance.—( Cheers.) There
are not any electors among the men in that corner--
pointing to Mr. Wood's supporters--(Cheers and hisses)
but I see many on my right hand who are of the right sort•
hope you will show yourselves, as has been said, by your.,
good conduct, at it It only by good conduct you can judge of
men.—( Cheers, and cries of" We will give a hearing if we
can get one.")—( Mr. Wood cried out " A bargain.") ay'
derstand one of the candidates has addressed you ; this is g
most unprecedented and irregular proceeding.—( Cheers.)•
Mr. Hume would not do anything so irregular and improper,
though requested to do so. We are called Destructives—aee
Governor of the Bank is a Destructive--(Leughter)—and
Mr. Grote, who is equally eminent for his wealth and
his-
patriotism—(Cheers)—and Mr. Hume also, arc called De-
structives—( Laughter)—but of what are they Destine-.
flees ? Of abuses which bad crept into the Church and
State, and who will save the country from those who are in-
tcrested in abuse and corruption. Lord Melbourne'e
Administration was considered destructive, and that was
the reason they were hurled from office.—( Cheers. ) 141
tell you how they are Destructives. They destroyed taxer,
which were laid on by the Tories to the amount of 6,235,000 t
—( Cheers.) I hope such Destructives will soon return tat
office, and save the country.—( Loud cheering.) Teey have
lessened the expenses of Government 3 millions. They have
reduced 1,858 officers, and saved salaries to the amount of
23,01.-10 L—( Cheers.) These were what they destroyed, but
they were not destructives of the Constitution.—( Cheers.)
I throw back thi term upon those who used it. Have they not
reduced the house-tax, the duty upon coals, and various others.'
and have they not reformed the Irish Church in a most satis-
factory manner by the abolition of useless bishoprics ?---
( Cheers.) These were the men they called Destructives—e
the destroyers of negrotlavery—of the East India monopoly-e
of the abuses of the law—and in the Court of Chancery, and
for ell those measures Mr. Hume voted.--( Cheers.) These
ministers were abort to destroy Corporation Boroughs, those
sinks of iniquity, and last strong-holds of Tory corruption.
-a-
-( Cheers.) I speak from experience when I tell you that a
certain borough that had hoped that it would have been email'
cipated from political slavery, found the borough-mongering
power still able to nominate its two members, and thus destroy
the rights of the electors.—( Cheering.) The late ministers
I pee a publication to the world, in which they stated the mea-
sures they had undertaken and were about to undertake for
the reform of corporations. This was one of the causes 0(
their dissolution.—( Cheers.) When it was seen that they
were united and unflinchingly determined to carry their point►
they were dismissed. Their union was the cause of their
WettlitiOssi for when they got rid of the dissenting
minister—(lond cheers)—who objected to the reforms hi
the Church, when it was seen they were determined to do PP
tice, they were dismissed. Mr. flume has supported thenri°
till treasures of reform ; will you reject him for this ? I.&
sure you are Incapable of such ingratitude.—( Cheers.) Mr'
Hume would not be so much a loss :o Middlesex as to the Eli'
tish nation. He belongs to the nation, and not to any partici,'
lar county.—( Cheers.) His services have extended to all na:
tions, for every nation on the earth looks to this eountry as tin;
source from whence freedom and all reform must eieanate. "
will conclude by proposing Mr. Hume as a fit and prorr per;
son to represent you in the ensuing parliament._4ool
cheeting.)
Mr. 'Lucie! came forward, and said he stood before them
for the second time to perform a very pleasant and a very ell
duty, that of seconding the nomination of their old, tried, 0°
faithful Representative, Joseph Hume, Esq.—( Great checrill
and hooting.) He wished to see whether the plaudits on hi;
right hand could not overpower the hootings on his left.
had seen this day with sorrow a small party, many of thent
le
own friends and neighbours, to a number not exceeding thirty
—be thought he knew every one of them by name—and
had come there to-day to prevent the free expression of th
honest mechanics and other parties who had peaceably assenr,
bled round the hustings ; but he had no doubt that those on hi:
right would defend any attempt that might be made to preen"
Mr. Hume being heard if such attempt should be ventured ell;
—Cheers.)—He was sorry to see there were certain
on the hustings who knew not how to behave any better then
the little knot on his left in front of the hustings.—( Cheer*
hootings, and a cry from one of Colonel Wood's Mena
" name, name." Here we must observe, too, that Colonel
Wood stood at the end of the hustings, supported by I!
father, as we weep told, making the most extraordinary gotti;
culations and beckonings, and waving his handkerchief to 1",
persons in front of him, in a manner unexampled to us in an'
candidate who ever presented himself on a public hustings-
He (Mr B.) was perfectly ready to substantiate anything P.
stated.—( Cries of " bravo, Barclay, bravo I") He believed tilv
cause of this interruption to be to provoke a similar interrnr
tion when the Tory candidate came forward to seetikte;
now he implored his friends to hear that Tory candid°,
--(cheers)—for he was convinced that nothing could be 0101:
beneficial to the Liberal cause, than that the Gallant Gent;
should be heard—( Cheers)—and the same fair play both lea
himself and for the Honourable Candidate whom he ste,_,°,
forward in behalf of—the bold and tried friend of every It
ral measure—of every measure calculated to improve and ""
nefit the social condition of the country—(Great cheering)l
that man who had ever been found foremost in the ranks t°o
those who had been proved to be friendly to the country-se
whose sacrifice of health to the public service, he and
others present could bear ample testimony.—( Cheers.)
was confident that, in this enlightened county, the cause 5
Toryism was at its lowest ebb. He was convinced that the libel's,
and enlightened gbutlemen whom he had the honour of addreste
ing would not lend themselves to the usual Tory means.---i°4',
midation, corruption, and everything that was vile and in el
mous.—( Great applause.) They would be taught that theai
must go elsewhere, because even if an inexperienced man 13,
appeared before them they. could have had no chance of sure
cess—still more was he satisfied that with Mr. Hume befit,'
them, they would not return to Parliament, instead of an e'
tried friend, a young gentleman of whose politics they lofe,
nothing.—( Hear, hear.) They would hear what that gentl.„
man's merits were very shortly, as well as what his views are;
He (Mr. B.) had read his bill, in which he talked about Op
mining the constitution, to see if there were any abuses hi,.)
that required correction-4 Hear, hear, and laughteoice
I would (continued Mr. B. much rather hear him say at freot
what are the abuses he will vote agaiust.—( riper.) Nrt be
are the measures of amelioration he will vote for Wri7at
vote for the ballot ?—(" No 1" from Mr. Wood.) Then "01
he is not a representative fit for us. Will he vote for tries cow
Parliaments ?—( Cries of " No, not he I") Will he voW for
tile extension of the suffrage ?—(" No I") Will he vote
education at the expense of the Church funds ?
Mr. Woon—For religious education I will.
Mr. BARCLAY—And that I dont call education. WI
ll be
vote for the relief of the Dissenters' grievances ? Will he c?,
for the expulsion of the Bishops from the House of Lord city
(Mr. Wood here shook his head, and was assailed :ee
groans.) The next great measure of relief is the utter I_°'
tion of the Church rates. Will he vote for that?
Mr. Woos—Yes—if—if—(Loud laughter.)
Mr. BARCLAY—I don't at all mind this interruptions,
cause I should like to know what the gentleman's clu
cation is to that last question.—(Hear.) Wed
Mr. Sheriff RAPHAEL said it would be better for Mr. ee,
not to interrupt the speakers, but to answer the eltien"
when it was his turn to speak.—( Hear.)
Mr. BARCLAY—Perhaps he will tell us, when he lir er
what he means by the abolition of the church rates► rye
whether we are to understand the process of shifting bet
burden from the left shoulder to the right, such AS we to
in a bill of last session ?—( Hear.) Whether he eneetlio
alter the tax from its present obnoxious form ? lay
mean to vote for a commutation of tithes in money or,
od
the proceeds to be considered national property ?—( fiente'ed
uproar.) The conduct of the gallant gentleman in ans,/1-0101/
my questions is straightforward and manly, and he 15
prevented from answering me now because it would bert, to
regular, but when he speaks I hope he will give anal/eeil
every question which I have put, and to these also- Ole
he vote for the admission of the Dissenters ine
Universities ? (Loud cheers. Mr. Wood shoceell b°
bead which occasioned considerable disapprobation.) besr.7
vote for a reform of the hideous Irish Church ?--( Heart Perpe'
Will he vote for an enquiry into that bloody massaere sIP:(
trated by a Priest and those with him—(Loud
cries of " his colours are dipp'd.") Ido not think In.ii r e
sufficient consequence to detain you longer—( Cries °me 0'
on," and " off, off.") I could say much more no "del
this occasion the principles of the candidates are of the gr bet
interest, and I know you are anxious to hear thel°
will remark in passing that the Whigs were about to
Corporations, and will the Tories tread in their steOleb
fo
not, what are we to think of the factious opposition, whio-theit
five or six years they have shown to all those meaeuriiii tiOl
now profess themselves ready to support ?—( Hear.) and
we can admit is this, that they are political rats,
..etroi
trust that you are about to follow the example of the Z:lvv
politan boroughs—( A voice, " I hope not," followed ultetoi;
cries of " Yes, yes.") I hope you are about t° 00. i;
two staunch Reformers, in preference to an unknovonot,
date, and utterly unknown to political life. I hoPelo e
return the Reformers by a tremendous majority. 11;0111 cloli
0
will carry them to the head of the poll on the very JooeP
and I take leave of you by seconding the nomination of
Hume, Esq.—( Cheers.) 011°0
Colonel CLITHEROR then came forward amidst / tieee
groans and hisses. He said—Mr. Sheriff, and VaPteefino
electors, I beg leave to offer to your notice, and to I,reolno
a member of one of the oldest families in the county, eea be i 9
Wood, Esq., jun., of Littleton. He was bred- I°3ol L
amongst us, and so was his father and grandfather ;_e o,
great-grandfather was one of the greatest landholdei't bitet
county ; and, therefore, I feel confident that if you elect Gres
your representative he will do you justice.—(Cries el
l'
#c
E
claim indeed," and laughter.) eretie
Mr. FILER then came forward and said—Gentleinnees
tors, I have very great pleasure in seconding the 0° sea le,
of Mr. Wood, whom I know to be both honourable reeeifbe
dependent, not only in fortune, but in mind and Pieieg
Mr. Wood is not a man who will ever be found g I,w ,01,4
vote merely to swell a Ministerial majority—(l eictlse
uproar)—any more than he will join the ranks 0 tried e),
of
opposition. Mr. Wood comes before you as at' d ors ;illl
but he comes from a good stock.—(Laughter, °into oall
" Tories, Tories.") His father voted for the 11'4., he ce
and you have a right to believe him when he sn)ci abeeecli
concede liberally to the reform of all acknowleclgo°o Chwjer
—( A voice—" But he don't acknowledge any ;loin c%
and State candidate for us." It is my opinion,t
