FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Moniteur of Nov. 2.)
Pants, Nov. I.—His Excellency the Minister of
War has received the following despatch from Lieu-
tenant-General the Marquis de Nelson :
" Ilsad!quarters, Navarin; Oct. 11.
" Sir=-I bad the honour to inform your Excel-
lency, by my despatch of the sth, that Ibrahim hay-
ing sailed the day before, I was preparing to attack
the fortresses of Messenia, in case they should refuse
to surrender.
" In consequence, on the. 6th, in the morning,
I ordered Major-General Higonet to put himself at
the head of the 16th Regiment of the Line, of one
detachment of Artillery and one of Engineers, to
take up renew position near the citadel, and to enter
into a parley for the deliverance of the place.
" General Higonet went in person_ to see the
Governor, who said he was ill. AdMiral de Rigny,
Who had come to the spot, also' went to him ;
both having obtained only evasive answers, which
amounted to this,' The Porte is not at war with
the French and English.; no act of hostility will be
committed ; but the place will not be given up,'—
orders to march against the fortress were given, and
rapidly executed.
" Colonel Viscount de Lahite, scarcely recover-
ing from a serious illnese, had placed himself at the
head of a sietuchment of his artillery : Lieutenant-
Colonel 'Audoy directed a detachment of sappers ;
and ColonelD'lton, of the 16th of the Line, was at
the hcael.of four chosen companies of his regiment.
Several English naval officers had joined our troops
to combat at their side.
Colonel Audoy's sappers rendered 'practicable
an aocieot breach ; Gen. Higonet mounted it at the
head of the troops I have just named, and penetrated
into the town, and thence into the citadel, without
meeting with any resistance. The roost perfect
order was observed in this operation.
"We found in Nayarit' 60 pieces of cannon, 50
of which were mounted and loaded, magazines of
provisions for several months, 800,000 cartridges,
find water for thirty days. The garrison was com-
posed of the 49th Egyptian battalion of 400 men,
70 grinners, and 60 Moreote Turks. It will be im-
mediately embarked for Egypt with its arms and
baggage. Thrive ordered the colours of the three
Allied Powers to be hoisted on one of the towers of
the citadel. -
" The fortifications of Navatin are in bad condi-
tion, as well as the artillery that we have found in
it ; the town is only a hear of infected ruins, and
offers no resources for the establishments which are
indispensable to us. We have every thing to create.
" On the 6th, while the movement upon Nayarit'
was executing, I had sent General Durrieu, the
chief of my staff, to summon Modon to surrender.
Achmet Bey commanded the Egyptians and liassan
'Paella the Turks in the fortress, As they agreed in
making the same answer that had been .given at
Navarin, on the following day, the 7th instant, I sent
the 35th regiment of the line, Colonel Rulliere,
detachment of sappers, and one of artillery. I or-
dered General purlieu 'to direct this expedition, and
to blow open the, gates of the town, the walls of
which are in good condition, and. do not offer, like
those of Navarin .a point that can be scaled.'
" At noon, the troops had arrived within half
cannon-shot of the citadel, coveredby a ravine which
masked them. His Majesty's ship-of-the•line. the
Breslow, Captain Maillard, end the English ship
she ,lirellesley, Captain Maitland, had placed them-
selves ready to fire upon the: town at the first 'sig-
nal. General Durrieu embarked a company of :Vol-
tigeurs in the beats of the ship, for the purpose of
forcing the gate next the sea, with assistance of the
seamen. Antither company was placed as sharp-
shooters opposite the embrasures, with orders to fire
upon the gunners if they began to fire. • Lastly; two
other chosen companies were placed, before the
bridge which leads to the citadel, with Colot;e1
Hul-
were at their head ; four companies of the centre were
placed' in the rear to support them in case of need.
“ Every thing being prepared, at the same sig-
nal, the,boats advanced. towards the sea-gate, and
the sappers advanced.along the bridge to the land,
gate,' which they wire beginning to force open in
presence of the garrison, which did not dare to make
any offensive movement, when a parley was again
demanded. 'At that moment I myselfarrived at the
gate. A violent storm had retarded my march. I
advanced to keep off Hassan Pacha and Achmet Rey
who were descending into an out-work near the
gates. The Pacha declantd to me that he could
not aurrender the fortress, but that if I took him
prisoneein spite of him' elf, lie hoped I should give
him as good terms as the garrison of Navarin. I
promised, and without waiting for any farther ex-
planation, caused the gate to be forced open. That
which the sailors . and Voltigeurs were ordered to
Barry having made less resistance, Copts. Maitland
and *laniard, who hadentered at their head, appeared
at this moment ow the ,ramparts;and thus we were
masters tillodon and Navarin. •
" Modon is st very strong place, which has, what
is' not common in the east, a covered way penises
tined, an etiormoaS tlitek a double enclosure, and
walls of considers le height. it wag provided with
provisions for more than eittnronthe, with ammuni-
tion for two sieges,.loo pieces of cannon, a garrison
of I,o7Bmen,Of whom 308 are nuke, and .470 Arahtit
I}t the 4th battalion.
" Coron was summoned the same day as the two
preceding fortresses, but the garrison was much less
disposed to surrender. The means which so happily
succeeded et Modon and Navarie,and.which I had
ordered General Sebastiani to employ, had not the
Horne auccese at Coron. That General appeared on
the 7th before the gate. of that town, announcing
that Navarin • and Modon were in our hands.
Nevertheless, the Turkish Govenwr persisted in
his' resistance.. Seeing that parleying was to no
purpose, General Sebastian; was, according to riiy
orders, reeolvil to attempt au escalade the next day;
e
the Sth. Stones thrown froth the (pp=
and Captaiußonotfauldwalls
f
wounded some sappers,
the engineers. . I had forbidden our troops to fire
first, without express orders from me. General Se.
bastiani, though indignant at the insult offered to
his troops, seeing them randy to transgress his
orders, had so much command over himself as to
order them to retire out of,gen-.419t thus he eeeid-
ed'art useless engagement. I am the. more oblighe.a
to him for 'having taken WS.
s
batteries were ready, as the AtP:plhd
tt step,w t! maosored
withirt half.oennon-shot, and, he 'Was cerwn f de-
stroying in a Short' tine. all 'the defencest me
ti
Turks ; but war would' then have began bet ween
them and us.
44 In the evening the Breslau and the Wellesley
arrived off Corot), and joined the Amphitrite, to
awe the Turks. The Captains immediately landed,
and it was agreed that the Governor xbould be des
sired to send a'Tnrkisb officer, to convince himself
of the taking of Modon; and that a quarter of an
•hour after the return of that officer, the place should
be delivered up to' the French troops, or that it
should be attacked, by sea and land, and: destroyed,
With the garrison. 'Mese measures produced their
elect; and on the 9th Caron opened its gates.
" The place, as far as COnCer46 the fortifications,
ig
not in go bad a condition as Nav,arin f but, like
the. vivo tithe", it presents only a heap of *Wigs.

in ruing.
I intend to genver up Coron to the Greek Go-
vernment as ROon as it shall send regular troops ta
occupy it. We have found in it, as well as in the
other two places, provisions, ammunition, and ample
means of defence. It has 80 pieces of cannon 044

mortars.
my
.last des patches
r, Your Exoelleney has seen by
that after having organized-the 3d brigade, I sent it
by sea to the Gulf of Lepanto, with orders to drive
the Turks from Patras, and the castle of the Morea.
This brigade was landed on the 4th. On the same
day General Schneider began to negotiate with
Radii Abdulhu,.Pacha of Patras, and of qe e4tle
of the Mores. After much parlaying, whir led to
nothing, the mini of 24 hours, which was grunted
for a definitive Alleffer) haying expired, tieneral

I 1

Schneider immediately formed his three regiments
in three coliunnsi the artillery being drawn between
the columns, and marched directly towards the
place, before which he drew them up within cannon
shot,. and completely surrounded it. This bold
movement, 'in which we had succeeded, here' pro-
duced its effect, and a capitulation was the result of
it. General Schneider highly commends the ardour
and discipline of his troops.
" On the• whole, since the departure of Ibrahim
has left us at liberty to act, our operations have been
successful. Undoubtedly we have not acquired any
military glory by them, but the object for which we
have come, the liberation of Greece, has been most
happily and piorliptly effected ; the Morea has been
cleared of its enemies. Ibrahim embarked 21,000
men; he left in the fortresses of,Messenia more than
2,500 men, Turks and Egyptians. Gen. Schneider
found about 3,000 men in the forts of Patras and
Morea. Thus between 26,000 and 27,000 men
have been forced to quit the country and the for-
tresses in a few days.
" Besides, I must observe to your Excellency
that the division, though it had no battles to fight,
had nevertheless great obstacles to overcome, and
has shown praiseworthy perseverance and courage in
the midst of great privations and hardships.
" I shall send to your Excellency, as soon as they
are completed, the lists of the artillery and ammuni-
tion found in the several fortresses.

" I-cannot conclude without stuting to your-Ex-
cellency with what frankness and zeal Admiral Mal-
colm has seconded us. His ships were by the side
of ours, ready to figla.with ui it' it Lad been neces-
sary, at Navarin, Modon, and Corm); and in the gulf
of Lepanto. Caplain‘ Maitland, of the Wellesley,
was one of the first who entered Modon with our
Voltigeurs, and ardently desired to take part in an
action.

" I have the honour to be, &c. &c.
"Alirquis AIAISON."

'SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Mr. Shell will return to his country with a some-
what more favourable idea of English courtesy than
the vulgar insolence of a Knatchbull, aptly typified
by a dunghill cock, must have impressed him • with.
The leaders of the boors found an appropriate au-;
dience, but the speech which they would not
.hear
has found readers in every country of civilized Eu-
rope, and furnished foreigners with an additional
proof Of.. the illiberality as well as stupidity of the
oppressors-of the Catholics. Last night Mr. sheil
hind the good fortune to appear before a very differ-
ent audience—ax audience grateful to him for the
eloquence with which he pleaded the cause of civil
and religious libeity, violated in the treatment of his
country, and anxious to seize the first occasion to
testify how much they execrate the
.odious and. must.
mistaken policy which reducei a Men of suck transcend-
ent Welds to the condition of sn alien in hit native land.
The room was crowded to soihocatiort, evict application
for tickets to the amount of about 200 were neces-
sarily refused. The question of Catholic Emanci-
pation, God knowS, is not new to us; for ever since
the ration between the two islands, it has been pre-
sented to the people of England in every conceiv-
able aspect by the most eloquent and able Parlia-
mentary debaters: • It might be supposed, therefore
that it would be difficult for a speaker to ins eat a
yiestion like this with any thing like novelty, and
that the consciousness of his addressing an audience,
to whom the argument: for and against concession
,were so familiar, wonid tend ' greatly to damp his
ardour. Mr. Sheil last night, however,may be said
to have broken new ground; and we think he very
happily characterised the source of the difference be-
tween his exertions and those of the Parliamentary
Orators who condescend, as they, no doubt deem it,
to compassionate the sufferings oft heCatholics. Eng-
land (he observed) is, in my judgment, the field in
which the great victory is to be won, and lam eim-
vinced that there is an immense mass of prejudice in
this country, which arises fully as much from utter
ignorance as from any inalignantantipathy, and which
a fregOent intellectual intercourse, if I may so call it,
with Roman Catholics, -.t7otild ultimately remove.
We have, had, no doubt, as advocates among Pro-
testants, some of the ablest, wisest, and best men
by whom the Legislative Councils of the Empire
were ever advised; yet I'catinot help thinking that
there are many points in our case, depending fully as
much upon just sentiment as strong argument, which
a Roman Catholic, with very inferior powers, would
peas more effectually, if not upon the understand-
ings, upon the feelings of Englishmen. , I do, Sir,
even. at the hazard of being deeMed guilty of a
spirit of idle vaunt,. openly declare, that, in my
judgment, I have made, upon a recent occasion,
a more earnest defence of my religion against the
charge that it is the handmaid of slavery, than most
Protestants would be apt to have done; and the rea-
son was this --that what with . a Protestant is mat-
ter of reason, is with the Catholic matter of indig-
'nation. There is another topic on which I own that
I think our Protestant advocates have not been suf-
ficiently strenuous in our vindication, and that is, the
imputation of seditious violence in our measures and
in our language, Now, • Sir, I will honestly tell you
that which you have not been told by Protestants,
that I consider our violence perfectly justifiable, and
that facts bear us out." In the House of Commons,
the Advocates of the Catholic claims dare not say
what even they think in their harts with respect
to the Catholic Association and Catholic Agitators.
They must blame' the intemperance of the Associa-
tion, and the farthest they can go in the way of libe-
rality is, while they blame that intemperance, to
place it to the account of the unjust laws under
which the Catholics suffer. But they dare not say
it is to the influence of the Catholic Association, in
agitating the Catholics to such good purpose
that it shall become the very interest of their op-
pressors to stay their hand, that they have alone
to hope for redress. They dare not say, in all
countries and in all ages, -it has constantly . been
seen that the potence pf the oppressed is the mea-
sure of the benevolence of the oppressor—that
never has it been seen that the depositories of pPWel'
-P.irrptider that power without compulsion, or the
lively apprehension of retaliation. Mr. Shed could
turn over the pages of the history of his own
country, and point to 1778, 17§:2, and 1793, and
then say when did Ireland gain anything, except
when she bad the fears of England for her interces,
sm.? • lie could strengthen his argument by refer-
ence to Atnerica, where reason and policy in vain
appealed to power, besotted with the idea of
its invincibility. They dare not say Catholic in-
temperance is the cause of Parliamentary tempers
mice; for if it were possible to keep down the Irish
at an expence of oleo and money, winch English
resources conveniently afford, and at an ex-,
puree of
could
f violence w
ith which the national feeling
could .
s
e generous policy would
never tom. When the aggressors are
bye in
resortedpatl iise ,
a or
joges --and advocates at the same time,. there is no
dallier a spy want of moderation towards them,
but
the traveller Humboldt, that
much of a want of charity towards the aggrieved." It
smalll
Europe, the fruits of his labour; acid
purl Pi
as the effect of
LI3
the
truly
cu
observedl
ti
v a t° l.s.heabntro thisyll freely,
civil
forced to PV'fi .
it.d civilization,
those violent crises during .v.'nh
the,result of an 13.'144
one class or one
slaw Pis taken advantage of the diseeeopm, of
the
other. 'no true perfection of social institetiens
depends, no doubt, cp Won arman .
aid intellectual
cultivation; bit the concatoVan . ,y! of the springs
which filOirg # state js such, n one par het Al t
OW i
nation this cultivation ii;.o.' Millie a Very remarkable
•`: e : f the lower orders
progress without the situation Pr . ~
t v'hole North
becoming more improved. Almost tto
'
of Europe confirms this sad experience. There are
1 s
countries there, where, notwithstandin the ioa.ledg
eivilizatioa Pf the higher classes of society, the pea-
sant still lives ia the same degradation under which
he groaned thrge or four centuries algo." 'ibis is
the language of philosophical hitioryi
_but it i!
not the language which the oppressor likes 0 hear.
But in the mouth of one pf the hereditary bondsmen,
one of a nation of jielYer3 91. .synod and' drawers of
