CONGRATULATORY ADDRESS

TO HER MAJESTY.

SOUTHWARK, MONDAY.
A very numerously signed requisition having been pre-
sented to the High Bailiff (John Holmes, Esq.), calling
upon him to convene a public meeting of the electors of
the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of considering
an Addles!, to her Majesty on her auspicious marriage, that
gentleman at once complied, and called the meeting to be
held in the Town Hall, at one o'clock yesterday.

The High Bailiff having taken the Chair at a quarter
past one, the requisition was read.
The Rev. E. BLICKE then rose to move the first resolu-
tion. As the Addresses had passed unanimously in both
}louses of Parliament, and every where else where they
had been proposed, and as he had no doubt it wou!cl bo
there also, it would ill become him to detain the meeting
with any long heard observations. lie was exceedingly
Bled that that question bad turned up, because upon it
they could all agree. After the few disputes which had
unfortunately taken place in the borough, he was glad that
they could agree upon one subject, and he trusted that it
would tend to allay all those bitter irritations and animo-
sities which had been engendered by the late occur-
rences in the borough. He was glad also, because, al-
though there were some in the borough who were
considered to go a little too far in their political opinions,
still by their unanimity on that day they would show their
devoted loyalty ; and indeed the thinness of the meeting
proved that the Borough was loj at, because, had it been
thought necessary, thousands would have been there.
Under cur glorious Constitution of Queen, Lords, and
Commons, we enjoyed every liberty. The boasted Re-
public in another country did not enjoy half—nay, not one
hundredth part of our liberty. In England alone was liberty
—in England alone was it found that slavery had been
ab)lislied. It was republican America which allowed its
citizens to keep millions of their fellow-beings in slavery.
He trutted that the meeting would be unanimous, and he
would therefore more that a Congratulatory Address be
presented to the Queen, to Prince Albert, and to the
Duchess of Kent, upon the auspicious event which had
taken place.
The 'iron BAILIFF said that the requisition called upon
him to convene a meeting for the purpose of addressing the
Queen only—they could not travel out of the requisition.
After an argument of some length between Mr. J. L. Ste-
vens and Dr. Redford, Mr. Ilumpliery, M. P., suggested
that having met upon the requisition, it was qtnte compe-
tent for them to move other addresses of the like nature.

They might pass the one, and if it were the will of the
meeting, the) might agree to the other three addresses.
Captairi ACIIRRLYY-Mr. Chairman, if you travel out of
the requisition, how can you leave out the name of the
King of 1-janov,r?.—(Laughter )
After further conversation the Rev. Mr. Blieke amended
his resolution by confining the Address to her Majesty
alone. _

Mr. BOXER rose to second the motion. He had not
the slightest objection to a congratulatory addie ss to her
Majesty, but at a period like the present, when such dis-
tress was abroad aoiong the community—when such heart-
rendieg distress was stalking throughout the land, her
Majesty ought to be informed of the miserable state to
which a very large proportion of her subjects was reduced;
however, as it appeared to be the wish of the meeting
that unanimity should prevail, he would lay aside all parry
feelings and conclude by seconding the motion.
The resolution was then put and carried.
Dr. REDFOID then came forwerd to propose the address,
and as it cuntaieed very fully his sentiments he would not
detain them by making a speech. He then read the ad-
dress which he proposed, which after the congratulatory
part respecting the marriage, went or, to c mgratulate her
Majesty on the blessings which had flowed upon this country
during the reigns of her ancestors, alluded to the appoint-
ment of Prince Albert as a Field. Marshal and Colonel,
and hoped and trusted that it would all prove for the be-
nefit of the country.—l The reading of this address was
received with loud laughter.]
Mr. J. HARRIS rose to second the address. It was the
first Royal marriage in this country wherein the heart bad
gone along with the head. This country did not
want alliances with great countries, but rather
with soma petty principalities, whose interests were
as nothing, and which would leave the interests
of this country exactly as they were. As for the patritno-
nial revenues of the Prince, the electors need not fear that
they would be any source of corruption.—(Laughter.)
He had much pleasure in seconding the Address.
Mr. J. L. STEVENS never rose to address a public meet-
ing under feelings of deeper regret than those which ex-
ci•.ed him at that moment. He was one of those who had
signed the requisitien, and he had trusted that such an
Address would have been drawn up as all would have
agreed to. Such an Address had beer, proposed as it was
it,ipossible for him to agree to without bel) ing every feel-
ing of his heart. lie was one of a Committee appointed
to draw up the draft of an Address—he had proposed one
certainly to the satisfaction of a majority of that Commit-
tee, but not to the satisfaction of such a majority as, in his
opinion, would have justified him ill proposing his Address
in preference to that of the Cheirman of the Com-
mittee. The Reverend Mover of the first resolution
had said that the address had passed as a matter of course
in the House of Commons. Na doubt it had, and the
reason was that no man in the House of Commons could
be found who would have dared to include in the Address
—to sully the Address by introducing into it any of his.own
political feelings.—(Cheers. ) He objected to the gene-
ral scope and tendency of the address, but he objected
most especially to that part wherein they were called upon to
congratulate her Majesty upon the blessings of the glorious
reigns of her predecessors. Undoubtedly a glorious reign,
which had left us a legacy of 800,000,000/. of debt. Yes,
a glorious reign, wherein oceans of blood had flown. Cer-
tainly, a most glorious reign was the reign of the late
George the Third. Yes, it was a glorious reign for
the avaricious landlords, whose rents had been raised

twenty per cent. A glorious reign for the liberty of the
Press—a reign in which there were more prosecutions of
the Press than in all which had ever preceded it.
( Loud and long continued cheering.) A glorious reign
wherein the H tbeas Corpus had been suspended, as if it
had been a common Turnpike Bill.—(Cheers and laugh-
ter.) Feeling deeply upon these points, it was impossible
for him to agree with the Address which had been pro-
p ,sed. He would be most sorry should his conduct at all
compromise the interest of the Borough. That was the
first time the Borough had addressed the Throne ; ho
would therefore be indeed sorry that there should be even
the appearance of disunion among them. He would there-
fore propose to meet the motion with a direct negative, in
the hopes of obtaining a majority to that proposition, and
it would then give him much pleasure to hand over to Dr.
Redford and his friends the draft of the Address which ho
had prepared —(Cheers.) He then read the Address,
which was merely one of congratulation, conjoined with
tie hope that it would tend to the benefit of the country,
by extending the blessings of religious and general know-
ledge.—( Mach applause.)
Mr. Humenser, M.P., felt quite certain that after what
had fallen from Mr. Stevens, and the unanimous approbr-
fiats with which his address had been received, Dr. Bed.
ford would withdraw his address, and move that of Mr.
Stevens, which had been so kindly offered him.
Dr. MEDFORD acceded to the proposition, and Mr.
Stevens's amendment was put as a substantive motion.
Mr. DAY then presented himself, and was received vtith
loud laughter. lie much approved of the amendment, or
the address as it now stood, but in his opinion it did not
go far enough. He did not see why the Borough of
Southwark should take the lead of the City of London on
this question.—( Laughter, and cries of " No, no.")
Mr. HUMPHLRY said that both the Court of Common
Councilmen and the Aldermen had agreed to addresses.
Mr. DAT had not been aware of it, but at all events, a
Common Hall bad not yet, nor did be believe that they
would while the Site' iffs were in prison.--( Laughter.)
He would read to them a frightful picture of the con-
dition of the working classes of Manchester. He
then read an extract from a letter from Manchester,
which appeared in the papers of yesterday. He went
on at con,iderable length, addressing the meeting
amidst much laughter and interruption. lie then moved
his addition, which was to call Her Majesty's attention to
the distress occasioned by the obnoxious working of the
Corn Laws, the wicked and inhuman Poor Laws—( Loud
laughter, "At it again, Day")—to the taxation which was not
wily enormous, but bore most hardly and unequally on the
working classes—it prayed that she would dismiss her pre-
sent Ministers from office—(Loud laughter)—and call to
her Councils men who would do away IN ith all those evils,
and that she would be graciously pleased to order the im-
mediate discharge of the sheriffs of London. (Loud
laughter and cries of " Not Frost.") After a short but noisy
discussion Mr. Day withdrew his amendment, saying he
would take another and early opportunity of discussing the
various matters he had introduced. The Address was then
unanimously agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. CURLING, the Members for the
Borough, the High Bailiff, the Rev. Mr. Blicke, Dr.
Bedford, Mr Harris, and Mr. Attwood were named as a
deputation to present the Address, Mr. J. L. Stevens de-
clining to 'la one.
Considerable confusien was created by Capt. Acherlcy
insisting upon addressing the meeting as the representative
of the nor-electors, but the High BAR ff refused to Lear him.
On the motion of Mr. Ilumenzaa, thanks were voted to
the High Bailiff, which having been acknoaledged, the
meeting broke up.

DEPLORABLE CASE.—On Saturday an inquest
was held at the sign of the Black Horse, Kingsland.road, on
the body of Richard \Vinton, aged 56 years, who is supposed
to have drowned himself in consequence of his distressed cir-
eum,tances. Verdict—t' Found drowned."
THE BARBARITIES OF THE CHINESE.—Mr.
Moss, the young Englishman who was so barbarously mutilated
by the Chinese in the passage 13,:at, is a nephew of Mr. Marks,
of Ware. He was knocked down in the cabin, and while one
man was holding his snr the other sawed it off with a blunt
instrument, and then with snm3 of the skin of his head attached
thrust it down his throat. His depo,ition, together with that
of the tindle of the vessel, and certificates of four doctors, were
sent from there to his parents. They were transmitted to Lord
Palmerston, who forwarded them to the Queen, by whom they
are promised every assistance to obtain ample amends. -He is a
young man about five and twenty years of age; he was in pos-
session of considerable property belonging to himself, his parents,
and brother. in-law, who are all dealers hi foreign curosities, be-
sides 14,0001. belonging to a gentleman with whom he resided
at Macao. —Hertford f efionier. -
