POLAND.

(From the Prussian State Gazette of Sept. 2.)
The Silesian Gazette has the following article :
" Kaurseir, AuG. 26.—The day before yesterday some
thousand Russian troops, consisting of three regiments,
with eight pieces of cannon, under the command of Gene-
ral Knorring, entered the town. Generals Schilling and
Makow are with this corps. All passed in the most
quiet manner. The Russians pay ready money for every
thing they want, and are encamped about two werets from
the town. 1 bey have made no alterations in the admi-
nistration, excepting some regulations of the municipal
authorities, and changing the eagles. This corps will,
however, be relieved by infantry, and go to Czenstochow.
" General Dombrowski, who is at the head of the
Provisional Government on this side the Vistula,
.will
reside here.

Warsaw is to be summoned to surrender on three
successive days ; if it refuse it will be then bombarded
with all the artillery of the army, till it surrenders. It is
known that a counter revolution bad broken out at Warsaw,
the object of which was not attained. Many persons
were killed in it, especially individuals who were inclined
to surrender the city."
POLISH FRONTIERS, AuG. 27.—1 n consequence of the
interruption of the post, nothing certain has for a long
time become known respecting the events in Warsaw.
The following are the particulars that have been learnt
at the Russian headquarters :—" The late Members of
the national Government, Prince A. Czartowiski, Neim-
jowski, Morawski, Barzykowski, and Joachim Letewer,
have resigned their offices to the Deputies of the Diet, and
henceforth a President, with dictatorial authority, is to be
the sole head of the Government. General Krukowiecki
is appointed President. Chrzanowski is Military Gover-
nor of Warsaw and Sktzynecki is wholly put aside, and
has no command whatever. The President, in addition
to the powers hitherto combined with that dignity, has
also the right-Ist. To appoint and to remove the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the army (for the present Dembinski
commands the army). 2d. To appoint a deputy to per-
form his own functions, for which office Niemejowski is
intended. 3d. With the assent of the Chambers to
declare war and conclude peace. 4th. To appoint six
Ministers, one of whom is to countersign all his orders. (At
present it is not known who will be Ministers : among
others Count Wielopolski is spoken of for Foreign Affairs.)
The President has given orders to close the patriotic clubs;
whoever shall henceforth take part in them shall be treated
as a rebel.
" An order of the Day of the 17th speaks of the enor-
mities committed in Warsaw in the preceding week; ac-
cording to a mode which has been often employed in all
revolutions, it is alleged that these excesses were instigated
by enemies of the country and adherents of the Russians,
in order to show the cause of Poland in an odious and sus-
picious light, &c. It is, however, avowed that innocent
persons, and individuals legally acquitted, were executed,
women and children murdered, and, contrary to all laws
of war and of nations, prisoners of war massacred. A
commission, of which General Rycielski is President, is to
discover and punish the guilty. Among the persons mur-
dered are the widow and daughter of General Haucke,
who was killed in the night of the 29th November.
The two Chambers of the Diet are to deliberate in
one assembly until the deliverance of the capital.
Whoever ventures to speak of capitulation shall be consi-
dered as a traitor to his country. It is said that there is
already great scarcity in Warsaw ; so that provisions are
three or four times as dear as usual."
From the Russian head-quarters, which were on the 22d
at Nadarzyn,we have the following account of that date:—
" Nothing of importance has occurred in the army. On
the 19th the Field-Marshal went out to reconnoitre,
but it was evening before the troops arrived within
half a German mile (two and a half English) of
Warsaw, and no action took place. yesterday evening
the greater pact of the Polish army was drawn up outside
of the entrenchments, but did not attempt anything. It is
said that 10 or 12,000 men have been detached against
General Rosen, who, however, has orders to avoid an en-
gagement with his main force, but to have his posts as near
as possible to the enemy. An attempt has been made to
burn the bridge of boats at Praga, but it failed ; it was ob-
served, aod the fire soon extinguished. General Rudiger is
still in the environs of Radom. A Polish detachment is
opposed to him ; and yesterday it was thought there was
a cannonade in that direction, General Kreutz will arrive
here on the 28th. By the addition of his corps and that
of Rudiger, the army will be increased 25 or 30,000 in-
ftntry, and it is believed that their junction will be the
' signal for &hg termination of the contest."
OFFICIAL.

" In our ordinance of 23d of iast month, respecting the
measures to be adopted on the appearance of tha cholera
in Berlin, it is stated, that as soon as it is certain that the
cholera has broken out in Berlin express notice of it shall
be given to us.
" According to a report, delivered on mature inquiry, by
sit physicians, to which a medical commiss.on appointed
by us has declared its assent, an individual died here of
Asiatic cholera. Besides this several cases have occurred
in the city since yesterday, which are indeed not yet
proved to be the Asiatic cholera, but, according to die ac-
count;, that have been received, may be suspected to be

that disorder.
"Under these circum.skVe3 prudence requires that all the
measures prescribed in the above ordimrnee be carried into
effect. Giving this notice, we expect both from the au-
thorities whom it concerns, and from the other citizens, the
more ready co-opeption in the execution of the above
measures, by which alone it may perhaps he possible to
pr event the propagation of the disorder.
" VAN TIPPELSKIRCII.
"Board of Health, " VAN BASSENVITZ.
" Berlin, Sept. 1, 1831."
OFFICIAL NOTICE.
"As the Asiatic cholera has already appeared here
and at several porta of the province of Pomerania and
Brandenburg, on this t.ide of the Oder, a military
cordon has been established, not only along the Elbe,
from the frontiers of the kingdom of Saxon), to thut of
Hanover, in which the places for passing are only 'Dorgan,
Vv'itt.enberg, Roslau, and Sandau, but such a cordon is to
be establisbW from the conflux of the Neisse with the
Oder, through Guben to Kottbus, and thence along the
Thure to the frontiers of the kingdom of Saxony. The
places for passing this cordon will be determi4ed by the
President of the Province. 5` V. T PULE,
cc President of the Commission for the
"Berlin, Sept. 2. Prevention of the Cholera."
Another notice details the precautions to be observed in
transmitting letters, Ecc., by the post.
The Prussian State Gazette contains no news what-

, • ,
ever. from Poland. It is the first number film is stamped
withhlbe words, " Sanitas Stempel," or " Stamp of the
Board' of Health."
BERLIN, San. 2.—His Majesty has been pleased to
order that the army shall go into mourning for eight days
for the late Field-Marshal Count Gneisenau.
THE HAGUE, BE2T. 6.—A very numerous promotion
in the army was published yesterday. We observe a great
number of subalterns raised to the rank of Second Lieute-
nant.
Her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Sweden and
Norway was delivered, on the 24th ult., of a Prince, at
I)rottringshelm, who is to be christened by the names of
Nicholas Augustus, and to have the title of Duke of Dale-
carlia. The Emperor of Russia and the Grand Duchess
Helen are to be sponsors.
AMSTERDAM, SEPT. 6.
Actual Debt, 2% per cent 37 to 37%
Voluntary Loan SPA to 8214
Amort Syndic, 414 per cent 58% to 59
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent 4B to 4814

We have Grenada Papers to the 12th July.
Their contents are similar to those of the other
Colonies, and the excitement already noticed
seems evidently likely to lead to something se-
rious between the mother country and her Lee-
ward Island appendages. On the sth July a
general meeting of the planters, merchants, and
others, was held at the Court-house, to coasider
the present alarming crisis of colonial affairs,
JOHN Ross, Esq. in the chair, when the
following strong resolution, among others, was
passed :
" That if in the present embarrassed state of the finances
of the kingdom the means cannot be found for making
compensation to the Colonies, and the country can no
longer, from conscientious motives, suffer slavery to exist
under its dominion—and it being apparent that Ministers
are acting under the influence of a sect who think Colo-
nies of no value, and that the country would be better
without them,—let it then, rather than persevere in
measures which must end in our utter ruin, relieve us at
once from our allegiance, and give us time to look for
other protectors. That, driven as we are to the verge of
desperation, by the gradual encroachments which, for
many years past, have from time to time been made
upon our insular institutions and domestic privileges,
and at beholding a British Ministry acting under the
influence of an interested and bigotted faction, to
the prejudice and ruin of one of the fairest portions
of the globe, it becomes us under these circumstances
to recollect that we have duties which we owe to
ourselves and our descendants, and that in the last resort
we ought not to be found wanting to them. It is with
feelings of the deepest regret that we advert to the possi-
bility of a separation from our present state, since the obli-
gations on its part and ours are reciprocal. For if pro-
tection to our persons and properties be withheld—if the
Government of the country, instead of standing forward
in our defence, and stretching forth its powerful arm to
shield us from the attacks of a confederacy in the king-
dom, composed of our most inveterate enemies, who by
shamelessly inventing and recklessly propagating the
most atrocious calumnies against us all, are evidently
bent upon accomplishing our utter ruin, even to exter-
mination—if Government, instead of performing this
obligatory duty towards us, lends its aid to the party in
question and acts in conjunction with it, if we are to be
continually considered aliens and outcasts—nay, more
treated as a guilty and proscribed race, with whom public
faith may be lawfully broken, and to whose misfortunes no
cornmisseration should be shown—if our local privileges
are to be for ever disregarded, our constitutional rights trod-
den under foot,and the hard-earned produce of our estates fet•
tered with rigorous, unequal, anal ruinous impositions—if no
merit is to be conceded to us for what we have effected in
improving the moral condition of our slaves, nor any limits
assigned to the further sacrifices which may be required of
us—in fine, if by the measures which have already been put
in force, and others which Ministers have decla-red in Par-
liament it is their purpose to adopt, we are in conse-
quence to be more and more laid open to injustice and in-
jury, nay, even exposed to imminent danger of our lives,
and without the smallest compensation being made us,
then the tie by which we are bound to the mother country
must be considered as virtually severed, and the duty of
allegiance. at an end."
