BELFAST.

The votes of John M'Loghlen, Robert Wilson, and Robert
Murray, were objected to by Counsel for petitioners on the
ground of insufficiency of value, and were struck off by the
Committee. This made a total of ten votes struck off the poll
of the sitting Members.
The Committee rose at half-past three.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FRB. 22.

The LORD CIIANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack at
Five o'Clock.

Mr. CRAWFORD attended from the Treasury, and presented
papers.
Lord CAMDEN presented a petition from the Chancellor,
Masters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge against
the suppression of the Bishopric of Sodor and Man.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition frera cer-
tain clergy to the same effect.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a similar peti-
tion from the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the Uni-
versity of Oxford.
On the motion of Earl SHAFTESBURY, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee on the Exchequer Bills Bill.

The House resumed.
The Bill was reported without amendments, and ordered to
be read a third time tomorrow.

Oa the motion if the Earl of SH AFTE SBURY the
House resolved itself into a Committee on the Extent in
Aids Bill.
The House resumed.
The Bill was reported without amendments, and ordered
to be read a third time to-morrow.

Lord GODERICH presented a great number of petitions,
which he would not occupy the time of the House by enume-
rating, from Clergymen, Corporate Bodies, and others, against
the suppression of the Bishopric of Sodor and Man. One of
the petitions was from the inhabitants of the Isle of Man
itself, signed by 730 inhabitants, and which was, as it were, a
sequel to the petition which he had presented from the same
place in December last, making from the Isle of Man a total
number of petitioners of between 2,000 and 3,000.
Lord ASHBURTON presented a petition from the Pro-
vost and others of Perth, in favour of a reduction of the rate
of postage.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from the Town
Council and others of (as we understood) Carlisle, praying
for Vote by Ballot.
THE ANNANDALE PEERAGE.

Lord HADDINGTON presented a petition from his
Hon. Friend and relative, Mr. Hope Johnstone, who had been
long a claimant for the Earldom of Annandale. Last
year he had presented a similar petition, and then Sir
Frederick Jehnstono presented a petition for further
delay. That additional delay had been granted, but *no
step had been taken by Sir Frederick. Mr. Hope John-
stone now prayed that the House would be pleased to take
the premises into its consideration, and proceed farther in his
claim, a. that judgment might be pronounced therein.
It was now four years since he had brought forward his claim,
and he hoped further delay would not now be granted.
Lord BROUGHA NI stated that when ho heard this
case, as he did very fully, he stated an opinion on
the subject, but he also stated that he could not
satisfactorily dispose of it, by advising their Lo-dships one
way or the other, until he had ascertained whether the
Peerage Law only affected dignities. Afterwards, upon con-
sulting with some of the most eminent Scotch Judges, he
found that it would not only affect dignities, but also
real estate, which presented to his mind a point of
the utmost importance ; thereforo he felt that he could not
dispose of it until after it was heard again. It was now four
years since ho heard it, and he agreed with his Noble Friend
opposite that Mr. Hope Johnstone ought not to be further de-
layed.

The Earl of RIPON, upon the order of the day for the
second reading of the Bishopric of Sodor and Man Bill,
said that he understood the Right Rev. Prelate opposite
had had a communication from several of the Clergy and inha-
bitants of that island, which he had thought proper to lay be-
fore the Commissioners, who, after having taken those com-
munications into consideration, had come to the re-
solution to abstain from recommending that that Bishopric
should be joined with Carlisle. lie (Lord Ripon) rejoiced
the Commissioners had come to this decision ; first, because
he thought that it was but right and just ; and, secondly, be-
cause he felt convinced it would be more agreeable to the
generality of persons throughout the country, and would be
productive of the best results to the country at large.
Since he (the Earl of Ripon) had last brought this subject
under the notice of the House, the late Bishop of this diocese
(Sodor and Man) had ceased to exist. That excellent Pre-
late had with great zeal pursued this object, and he had
been gratified in his last moments by the sanguine
NEGRO SLAVERY. hope of its success. He (the Earl of Ripon) had on a former
Lord DEMNAN presented a petition, agreed to at a pub- occasion stated what this Prelate had done for the promotion
lic meeting of the inhabitants of Newark, against negro of religion and education in the island, and how largely
apprenticeship in the west Indies. The Petitioners he had contributed from his limited means towards these
stated that they thought that the money which had sacred purposes. He had then stated that the Bishop had
been paid to slave-owners had been thrown away, and that the contributed 1,2001. for these objects ; but since then he ( Lord
system of slavery had been only aggravated by the conduct Ripon) had ascertained that he should be under the
pursued since. mark in stating the amount at 2,0001.—( Hear.) And
Lord BROUGHAM said he held in his hand a petition, he might mention it as a circumstance worthy of remark, that
which gave him very great pleasure and some pride to present, the last act of the Bishop, in his ecclesiastical capacity, had
signed by between 5,000 and 6,000 (and might have been been to make himself responsible for a subscription towards
signed by. 50,000 or 60,000 if time had been given), chiefly augmenting the incomes of the poorer clergy in his diocese.
of the principal merchants of the town and port of Liverpool, An opportunity had occurred very recently of making
against negro slavery. When he recollected that the a purchase of an additional piece of land when-
mcrehante of that town appeared as petitioners at their tageously to the diocese. There was a difficulty in
Lordships' bar against regulating the space between the decks raising the money, but that Right Reverend Prelate,
of the slave trader, on the ground that such regula- considering that the sacred cause of his flock was superior to
tion would ruin them, and afterwards heard at the bar the interests of his own family, did not hesitate to give
against abolishing the trade of negro slavery, on the ground his assurance that the rensainder of the money should be paid.
that such abolition would ruin them, it was most delightful to Though he, from his generous habits, left no legacies to his
find that their views had so altered, and their minds become family, yet he had left a legacy to the island, and a le-
now so enlightened as to cause them to approach their Lord- gacy to their Lordships' House, which legacy was this Bill
ships with one voice, without a dissentient voice, praying that he now begged leave to move the second reading of.
the House to put an entire end to Slavery. —(Eiear- ) The Archbishop of CANTERBURY had great pleasure
The Nonle Lord also presented similar petitions from Stroud, in adding his testimony to all that the Noble Lord who had just
Bath, Bideford, Crediton, Bradford, Haverfordwest, 'river- sat down had said, in favour of the piety, the zeal, the activity
ton, Dungannon, and Wycombe Brook. The Noble Lord in the management of his diocese of the deceased individual,
also presented four petitions from the parish of St. Mark's, and above all to his attention to the interests of education.
Dublin, against tithes, in favour of Municipal Reform, an If he were to attempt to specify his contributions, he was quite
Extension of the Suffrage, and Vote by Ballot. Also a Peti- sure that theywould certainly exceed all those of his predecessors.
a
tition from Paisley for repeal of the Corn Laws; from St. Some days ago he stated that ho had had a communication
Mark's, Dublin, for an equitable assessment to the Irish from the island informing him that proceedings were going
poor; also a petition from cupar in Fife against any on which might lead to a satisfactory adjustment of the
further endowment to the Church of Scotland. The question. He had since received a communication from the
Noble Lord seeing the secretary of State for the Colonies Council, stating their desire of retaining a Bishop, which they
in his place, wished to put to him the question which felt perhaps the more strongly from their regard to the memory
he asked the other right, relative to the Proclamation issued of the late Bishop. They had proposed a commutation ef 1
by the Governor of the Leeward Islands, to convene meetings tithes, which would enable them to effect the purposes they
fur sending Deputies to take into consideration the amendment had in view, with respect to certain alterations in the distribu-
of the laves of those Islands. He (Lord B.) understood that tion of tithes between the Bishop and the clergy of the island.
this step had been resorted to under the authority of two Acts They would undoubtedly reduce the bishopric in value ; but
of Parliament, one passed in 1604, and the other in the the arrangement would leave a very competent income to
year 1705. Now he ( Lord B.) had received information the Bishop, and a competent maintenance fur the clergy.
from some of the natives of those Islands, that those Acts To the general object of the Commission, it was indifferent
had been for a long time obsolete, and they looked upon whether the Bishopric was retained or not ; there was
the course adopted by the Governor with great alarm. The no part of the kingdom to be affected by it, but the
conduct of that officer might be extremely proper, bat he island alone ; and there the eighteen parishes would have
wished to know from the Noble Lord whether he had any in- the superintendence of their Bishop, who would according
structions from the Government upon the subject. If any to their ancient Constitution continue to take part in the
correspondence had taken place, perhaps the Noble Earl proceedings of their Legislature. But it was of the utmost
would have no objection to lay it on the table. importance that a better distribution of dioceses,should be ef.
Lord GLENE LG said that last year Sir W. Colebrook fectcd : and if the measures of the Commission for that pur-
(as we understood,) the Governor of the Leeward Islands, one should be infringed upon, their labours would be coin-
stated in a communication to the Colonial Office that Paratively useless. He should give his support to the Bill.
it would be desirable to call a General Assembly that
the P The Bishop of EXETER approved of the Bill, but fele
Leeward and Windward Islands under the Act of 1705, under bound to deprecate the constitution of the Ecclesiastical Com-
which a common assembly of the same kind was called in 1798. mission, which he considered was derogatory to the dignity of
Lord BROUGHAM—Was Dominica included in the the Church.
summons?
sGLENELG replied that Dominica was expressly The Bishop of LONDON defended the course of conduct
Lord
pursued
were
excluded in the communication he had received. He (Lord G•) the
in reply, informed Sir William t
Colebrooke that he thought h
e linebyen thens constituted, Church
thCeo cmommimssiisosinoenrse. rs Byeon tldhe n Antct stephy whichoutof
marked out for them. It was impossible for the Com-
it very desirable that such a general meeting should *ssioners, constituted as thee were, to originate any measures
take place, as there were many questions of common in- letin the Established Church. All that they could do was to
terest, in the consideration of which all the islands might
advantageously be represented. But there were two ques- law. A Commission was appointed
lions for' him to determine before he took anyof the revenues of the Established Church.
step. whole question
aearry intog effect that which theirLotrodtsahkipesirdaenteerniniasiindeedratotiebnetthhee
The first was, whether, under that Act such, a meeting
could legally be summoned. The next was, whether it was m i v Tho chief objection to the first Commission was
expedient to do so—that is, whether there were circumstances --aJt'st- ' too few in number, but the reason of selecting. a
to justify the calling of a Common Assembly, and on those that it was
for the greater facility of doing business with
That Commission became extinct on the demise of his late
small number was
points, he (Lord Glenelg) told him to consult the law-t oh I ear,
theirh Lord-
did d" -)
officers of the Crown in the Island. The Governor
did so, and in reply communicated to the Colonial Office that felt satisfied that the Commission would be
the law officers of the islands were of opinion that it would productiveahiP' of no advantage.
al i
eCtohmobumegtihas Commission
because he
righth es o constituted.—(Cries
st
offeritut etdh. eTe( observationsec g
‘‘
be perfectly legal to summon the Assembly under the Act Til • Bishop of E X ETE R explained—He thought the power
alltnled to, and that lie himself (Sir W. Colebrook) was of eed on the Commissioners was most uncalled for by the
opinion that it was highly advisable to do so, and he accord- conferred
of the case. He believed it to be ono of the greatest
ingly issued a proclamation for the purpose ; but with
respect to Dominica, the Governor was told that that repel the charge that had been
Church. He begged to
island could not be included, but that with respect to t. against him by the Right Rev. Prolate who had last
it some other measures must be taken. The Council
spoken.
bellows that had ever been aimed at the independence of the
of Assembly of Antigua, however, in answer to the Message
The Bishop of LONDON explained. He denied having
from the Governor, refused to issue the necessary, writs ; and
as it was necessary, under the Act, that at: MELBOURNE thought it unnecessary, after what
should concur, the refusal of Antigua suspeenied the whole Lord
had passed, to enter upon any
defence of the Board. It was
proceeding.
Lord ICRO UGH A M said the answer was quite satis
the Legislatures made any insinuation against the Right Reverend Prelate.
now that. the question had been settled, that it
len'ot be lightly disturbed. Ile trusted that further
but that from reading the proclamation it did not ,its should
appear q, changes would not now be attempted, and if they were, he
clear whether Dominica was included or not.
.wish to see
Lord BROUGHAM then said—My Lords; I give •,, then read 1 •
~"ectory, desiriadb
notice that on Tuesday next I shall submit a proposition to The uld feßoilnitwlasiistinlieintyrteon(reasissteetohnetreit.nne.
•se adjourned at twenty-five minutes to seven.
your Lordships, for the purpose of taking your opinion upon a The Hen._

HO USE OP COMMONS, FRR. 22.

In consequence of the ballots for Youghal and Tynemouth
the gallery was not opened till half-past Four.
TOWCESTER AND BURLINGTON ROADS BILL.

On the motion of Sir C. KNIG HTL E Y this 13111 was read
a second time.

Mr. S. LEFEVRE observed that there was a very ob-
jectionable clause in it, imposing high tolls on vehicles, which
he should oppose on the third reading, if not struck out before
the Bill arrived at that stage.
SODOR AND MAN. _

Lord JERMYN presented a petition from forty clergymen
the town and neighbourhood of Bury St. Edmund's, against
be abolition of the Sec of Sodor and Man.
NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP. _ _

Petitions against the system of Negro Apprenticeship, and
)raying for its termination on the Ist of August, were presented
)y Mr. Barneby, from Broadway; by Sir George Strickland,
from Bradford, in Wiltshire ; and by Mr. Wood, from a parish
in Lancashire.
