EAST INDIA TRADE.

the causes of her sufferings and agitations. He expressed
his regret that there was so little prospect of effecting any
considerable improvement in the corn laws, which he eon-
sidered as another instance of the same kind with the trade
of India, of the erroneous principles which had guided all
the outward relations of our commerce. The effect of the
corn laws system, which commenced in 1815, had been
ever since to deprive us of a valuable trade which might
have been carried on with the states of the Baltic and those
of North America. On the last renewal of the East India
Charter, the trade, with the exception of China, was
opened to the private trader under certain restrictions, both
to the Indian continent and the Archipelago. At the time
of the discussions which led to that result, there was a con-
siderable degree of opposition : it was said, that there was
no hope of enlartying the trade, because of the strong religi-
ons prejudices of the Indian natives, and their own products,
which worked against it. As to the cotton trade, for exam-
ple, it was conjectured that there could be no increase
whatever. The objectors admitted that there might be a very
trifling increase in woollens, and some articles of luxury
but nothing like a demand so considerable as to increase
the exports of raw products from India. The increase,
however, upon the article of cotton had been truly mar-
vellous. It was to be recollected, that the cotton manu-
facture originally existed in India—that our own people
had taken both the patterns and the names of their cotton
fabrics frtim India; and yet they were now underselling
the Indian in his own market, though labour cost here
seven or eight times as much as it did there; and though
we bad to draw the raw material from thence over half the
globe, and send it back manufactured over the same half
of the globe. He had spoken of names. They would find
the definition of "calico" given in Dr. Johnson's Dic-
tionary, to be—" cotton stuffs made at Calicut in the East
Indies, sometimes stained with gay and beautiful colours."
We might look at this new and sudden enterprise in our
commerce with astonishment and pride; but we were
bound, by all the ties of honour and honesty, which be-
long to policy and good government, to consider tha injury
which this success must bring on our Indian fellow-subjects.
He had returns of exports and imports to India, some of
them as low as 1822. The Hon. Gentleman proceeded
to state the annual averages of the exports and imports in
several departments, which he stated nearly as follows :

EXPORTS FROM GREAT BRITAIN TO INDIA.
Woollens.

Anuual average from 1801 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1822
Ditto 1823 & 1824
Cotton Goods.

Average of years from 1801 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1829
Ditto 1923 & 1824
IMPORTS FROM EAST INDIA TO GREAT BRITAIN.
Indigo. Ibs.
Average of years from 1801 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1822
Cotton.

Average of years from 1801 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1822 23,535,365
Bengal Silk.

Average of years from 1601 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1822
Sugar. Cwt.
Average of years from 1801 to 1810
Ditto 1814 to 1822
Ditto 1823 & 1821•
These few details showed a most important increase in both
ways in the trade with India. But while these important
changes were transacting, the duties imposed on East India
products were grievous in themselves,—in comparison with
the same products of the West Indies, absolutely prohibi-
tory. The duties on coffee were equal to ad yalorent
duty. On coffee from the East Indies, 84 per cent. ; from
the West Indies, 56 per cent. On turmeric from the West
Indies, 8 per cent. ; from the East Indies, 10 per cent.
On rum from the West Indies, Bs. 6d. per gallon ; from
the East Indies, 20s. per gallon. On cotton wool from
the East Indies, 5 per cent. ; from the West Indies, free.
What he complained of was the utter indifference to any
consideration of justice or policy in the imposition of these
duties, no less than those imposed on our imports into India.
Indian manufactured cottons were subject to a duty of 10
per cent. on importation; while ours paid a duty of two
and a half per cent. on importation into India. It was
like saying, " We have the power and will use it," without
any other argument. It was most unjust, and must be re-
sented, if India should ever feel her strength, and compare
the numbers of her population with those of her oppressors;
and above all, if these numbers were taught to reflect upon
the distance of our own country from our India possessions,
and the difficulty of furnishing, under the worst crisis, an
adequate force. It was the pursuit of this blind and per-
vex se policy which caused the loss of our North American
Colonies. They were governed as if the mother-country
sought to have every advantage to herself, without consi-
derinc, the Colonies. He wished to draw the attention
of the House to the article of sugar, the only one of
bulk which was sent from the East Indies, and the
consumption of which might be greatly increased._
He was ready to admit the excess of that product
in the West Indian Market, and that, in consequence,
the price of the article was not affected by the mono-
poly. He would admit that this consequence was
confirmed by the admission, under the restriction,
of a quantity of East India sugar, which latterly
averaged '244,000 cwt., at a duty of 10e. per cwt., and
sold at a loss to the trader. But he contended that the
consumption might be increased beyond the limits of this
two-fold excess, and that in effecting that object, they
would not only increase the population, but provide ample
and comfortable means for its existence. The consump-
tion of sugar per head per annum was in England 23ilbs. ;
that of Ireland, only 6lbs. What should hinder Ireland, if
her population were employed, from consuming 121bs. or
181bs. per head ? Might she not, by exporting manufac-
tures, and importing and consuming produce, become, in-
stead of a source of expellee and disquiet, a tower of
strength, aad a mine of wealth to the whole empire? He
had heard most encouraging accounts of the beginning of
the cotton manufactures ; and that whenever the English
weavers were pressed by their foreign orders, they imme-
diately sent large parcels of yarn there to be woven. There
were- many features of resemblance between the East
Indies and Ireland. They were now both found to be con-
venient places for the fabrication of cAtons—both being
incumbered with a redundant population. They were af-
flicted with political evils answering in result to the simila-
rity of that cause. The Whiteboyism of Ireland was like
the Pindareeism of India. His object was to move for the
appointment of a committee. It was desirable ,to obtain
the fullest information for it. He had read a letter to one
of the directors of the East India Company, complaining of
the impediments thrown in the way of the private trade of
India. The company secured to itself in some cases the right
of pre-emption. Their resident agents advanced money to
the growers, and then shut up the produce, so as to answer
the demands of the company. In short, they connected
sovereignty with trade in a manner which never was found
to answer. The East Indies in their extentfurnished most of
the products of the tropics. Besides those which he had
mentioned, there were spices and drugs of every descrip-
tion, most of the minerals, diamonds, and jewels, and
about one-eighth of the gold of the whole world. Among
these was a great variety of articles exactly fitted for the
China market. He trusted that the period would soon
arrive,—he alluded to 1833,—when some changes might
be expected, when there would be active commerce com-
menced in that quarter. He complained that the duty on
East India sugar should be so high as 371. per ton, and
that a duty, absolutely prohibitory, of 64/. per ton should
be charged on sugar from the Indian Archipelago; and
the same as to all other products from that quarter. He
wished to read to the House part of a letter from Mr.
Crawford, who stated that before the opening of the trade,
it was a rare thing to see a Batavian with any thing of
'British manufacture in the dress. Since which it had be-
come as rare to see a lady or her child without some por-
tion, of it being made of English cottons, while the greater
part of the dress of other persons was now composed of
English woollens. He then illustrated his opinion of the
beneficial effect of free trade by.a reference to the compa-
rative export of sugar in 1814 and 1818. There was ano-
ther point in which he deemed the removal of restrictions
desirable—he meant respecting the emporia at Sincapore
'and other places. It was exceedingly important that the
principles upon which these emporia were regulated should
be sound, and well adapted for real commercial advantages.
In some of these an enormous quantity of spices were locked
'up, under the extraordinary system of monopoly which
the Dutch Government exclusively maintained in such
• 'articles. It had been long the policy of the Dutch Go-
vernment to create an entire monopoly of spices and cloves,
and thereby secure to themselves the trade in the most va-
products of tropical climates. Having themselves
the possession of spice islands, where the plant was indige-
mous, that was of very difficult growth elsewhere, they
'adopted an extraordinary policy. They determined that
of three spice islands which they possessed, the growth
'should be confined to one (Amboyna.) The clove was -to
be cultivated, alone in that island, and destroyed in the
other two; and that the destruction should be complete, a
fleet was annually to visit these two islands, to see that the
growth had been extinguished. This policy was produc-
tive of infinite evil to the 'islands from which the clove was
rooted out, and the nutmegs Were confined to the Banda
Islands. In looking at the emporia of the East, it was of
vast importance that the emporium at Sincapore should be
connected upon principles of commercial soundness, and

Mr. WHITMORE rose, pursuant to notice, to move
tome propositions concerning the trade of Great Britain
with the East Indies. He took a- cursory view of the
general distresses of the country, as manifested by the
known state of the manufacturing districts, the petitions on
'agriculture, and other subjects now before the House, and
the failure of the revenue to the amount of 4,000,000/. or
5,000,000/. sterling in each of the last two years. The
compassions which these sufferings must inspire ought to
lead them to consider promptly of the means to be applied
in the way of remedy. It was not on the distress at pre-
sent existing that he proposed to found his motion, though
that was enough to instigate the House and the Govern-
ment to listen to any proposals which promiied to facilitate
the means of its relief. That distress might be, probably
was, temporary, and the resources of the country were not
so far exhausted, but that they might reasonably hope to
see the country revive to that active state of commerce
which it enjoyed in the year before the last. His object
was more extensive, and took in 0:1 the peculiarities of our
,situation. We had a debt of most unusual magnitude, and
with it we had to maintain a station very considerable
among the nations of the world. The wars of ether Euro-
pean States might involve us in them ; and from all these
reasons we were-bound to attempt all practicable means to
extend our resources, to enliven the :springs of industry,
and to restore their elasticity. Let them look, too,
at Ireland. Were they not bound to do every
thing in their power to extend the manufactures which had
commenced through the whole of that country? He who
would do any thing to prevent that result, must have taken,
a view but little enlightened of the situation of the two
Countries. There was much to settle in the way of reli-
gious differences ; but the mere removal of these differ-
ences would not prove a perfect panacea for the evils of
Ireland. That country wanted only increased employ-
ment for her numerous labouring poor, effectually to remove

with reference to the Dutch policy it was remarkable that
the principles of free trade were elsewhere encouraged by
the Belgic Government. Nevertheless they encouraged
monopoly in their Indian possessiaas, with the full experi-
ence before their eyes that the only trade which had ever
flourished in the Archipelago bad been a free trade ; for
there it had beneficially existed before the Dutch or the
British bad secured any possessions in that quarter of the
globe, and only declined when narrow restrictive principles
had unfortunately prevailed. Referring to the emporia and
the importance of their management, he had to remark,
that through them chiefly was the trade of China conducted,
and there was no other way of trading there, according
to Mr. Crawford, consislering the extreme jealousy
of the Chinese. It was singular that the place
from which alone tea could be collected (he meant
Canton), was not either in or near any of the provinces
which produced the article. According to Mr. Craw-
ford, the black tea was brought to Canton from
a distance of 300 or 400 miles, which was the nearest point
of its growth ; and the green tea, from a distance of 700
or SOO miles. It came all this way to Canton by inland
carriage and navigation, and made a difference of 50 per
cent. in the price, in consequence. Now, Mr. Crawford
stated that the distance was not greater between the mari-
time ports of the tea provinces, and some of the emporia in
Batavia, than from them to Canton ; therefore, that the
expense of carriage in the one way would not be greater
than in the other, while the advantage of bringing the ar-
ticle to the emporia would decidedly preponderate. If
this plan were effected, a great change would soon be
wrought in the trade of the Archipelago. He was quite
convinced, that if a committee were appointed, much good
would result from their inquiry, the advantages of a free
trade would then be clearly demonstrated, and a boundless
extent of new commerce would be-opened to Great Britain.
Thus would their union with the millions of subjects under
their dominion in the east be cemented by a reciprocity nf
interest, their rule be more firmly secured, and the happi-
ness of every class of society, both in Europe and Asia, be
far better consulted.—(Hear, hear.)—The Hon. Member
concluded by moving—" That a select committee be ap-
pointed to inquire into the trade between Great Britain
and India."
Mr. SLANEY (we believe) in seconding this motion,
wished, while he consulted the interests of his fellow-
countrymen at home, likewise to regard those of their fel-,
low-subjects in the east, who were neither really or virtu-
ally represented in that House. The motion before them
was well adapted to pave the way for that larger question,
which they would have to discuss a few years hence, in-
volving the future government of so many hundred millions
of human beings, who were consigned to their sway. He
entreated them to weigh well the value of a moral policy,
which would leave its enlightened tracks along its course,
and mark the remembrance of British benefits should the
Indian empire ever pass from British rule. It was incum-
bent upon them to remove some blots from their legisla-
tive and commercial policy, and show that, however ex-
traordinary was the origin of their eastern possessions, the
natives had at least largely benefitted from the change.
—Mr. Gibbon, in referring to their Indian empire, had
said, that " the richest and moat extensive provinces of the
great conqueror of the Mogul empire now belonged to a
company of Christian merchants in an island of the north-
ern ocean." It was time they should show the world,
that small as was their executive, they were yet governed
by great principles. Their East Indian possessions had
been treated more commercially than morally; but he
trusted it was reserved for those who had sowed the first
seeds of liberty in America to introduce, at some future
tune, the beneficial advantages of their tree institutions
into the heart of Asia.—(Hear).
Mr. LEYCESTER was influenced to support this motion
for eventually repealing the higher duty upon East India
products by a number of unanswerable reasons. First, by
consistency : for, what could be more inconsistent than
while they were urging the principles of free trade at home,
to be forging fetters and raising barriers against it in their
Indian possessions? Justice, in the next place, called for
the alteration : for what could be more unjust than to cut
down the English landlord to the lowest point, for the pur-
pose of maintaining high prices to support local and parti-
cular interests elsewhere ? It was also called for by policy ;
for, what could be more impolitic, than at a time when the
heresy of emigration, found adVocates, owing to the
nished employment of the people, to shut out from that
people the means of extending their commercial relations,
and thereby securing an acquisition of new employment?
It was called for by humanity : because, what could be more
humane than to oppose the system of keeping up the price
of sugar at a rate which prevented one drop of sweet from
falling into the bitter cup which the poor of England had
to drink ? The repeal of the tea duties vies likewise called
for by public opinion ; for nothing was so sorely felt by
the community, as the maintenance of these. extravagant
prices for an article in constant use. It was a grievance,
an injury, and an insult to prolong such a system. The
alteration was also called for by a just view of the West
India interests, and if carried into effect would prevent the
people acting upon that for which they were fully prepared,
namely, a Weat India non-consumption sugar agreement.
—(A laugh.)—All these monopolies ought to be swept
away; the people would no longer submit to them. . If the
Government once repealed these duties, they would have
in their hands the power of inducing the people to sacrifice
their outrageous apprehensions of Popery, and their morbid
sensibility about Protestantism.—(Hear.)
Mr. HUSKISSON• said, that the last speaker seemed
to think the equalization of the sugar duties a work of the
greatest facility. If the present plan was onerous, and still
to continue, the Hon. Member seemed to think he had at
least an obvious remedy in what he called his non-agree-
ment sugar consumption. There was no novelty, how-
ever, in that recommendation ; it had been talked of for
several years, without accomplishing any of the foreboded
results ; for though the Hon. Gentleman had told them
the people were of late prepared to act upon it, yet the
real fact was, that the consumption of British plantation
sugars had considerably increased within the last year, and
produced a revenue over and above all drawbacks of not
less than 5,000,0001. sterling. He agreed in almost all
the general principles concerning trade which the Hon.
Mover had propounded, and as far as they could be fairly
and justly brought into practice, he was anxious to see
them promoted. lie admitted that if any impost were
proved to be unjust, it was the duty of Parliament to con-
sider how it could be repealed ; and with respect to the
distresses of the manufacturers at home, particularly those
in the cotton trade, to whom the' Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
Whitmore) had alluded, he was sure it would give him
satisfaction to know, that that lately suffering class of the
community, which had excited the utmost sympathy for
the manner in which they had endured their privations,
was now improving in almost every branch of the cotton
trade, and that the same improvement extended to the silk
trade. The workmen were now getting higher wages,
and their employees able cheerfully to pay them out of the
increase of their trade.—(Hear.)—Agreeing, as he did,
in the general principles of the Hon. Gentleman, he was
only at issue with him as to their application. It
was always difficult to adapt great changes in the com-
mercial relations of a country to the existing interests
which were to be affected by them, and , had grown

whole consumption of the United Kingdom, and that sur-
plus must find a vent in the other markets of Europe,
where it had to encounter the sugars of Brazil, Cuba, and
the East Indies, and to obtain &price of course dependent
upon its open competition with them. How was it if the
East India sugars were so cheaply obtainable, that this
surplus of the West India produce, which was described
to be so much dearer in price, could find, as it did, n
foreign market? With this single observation he dis-
missed the Hon. Gentleman's remark upon this being a tax
upon slavery. He (Mr. fluskisson) was no more partial
to slavery than the Hon. Gentleman. No man, indeed,
could be favourable to a system which was so pregnant
with evils—(hear) ; but legislators must remember that
the existing system in the colonies could not be speedilt
extinguished, without the ruin of both the masters and the
slaves.—(Hear.)—This was the evil of hurrying forward
great changes, before those upon whom they were to ope-
rate were duly prepared to encounter them. As to the pre-
ferable advantage of importing East India sugar, why was
it not observable in the other ports of the world to whieh
that trade was open ? The ports of the Archipelago wen
open to America, Sweden, Hamburgb, and other places,
and where was the proof of such a benefit as the Ho-
nourable Gentleman alluded to ? Indeed, he did not
believe that if the sugar duties were taken off, there
would be an increase of the exportation of it from India,
for it now came home at the very cheapest rate, owing to
its being brought more as ballast than an article of trade,
and at a very small freight, and yet it was a discouraging
traffic. He was quite prepared to admit, that the regula-
tions respecting the refining of sugar were not of the most
satisfactory kind (hear, bear), but that was a subject of
great difficulty, open to the conflicting opinions of different
interests; still he hoped to effect an improvement in it, S.
as to satisfy all parties.—( Hear. )—He preferred, as a gene-
ral plan of action, to move gradually and progressively.
without giving a sudden shock to subsisting institutions,
opinions, and prejudices; and he was quite persuaded that
by following that system, he should best remedy the exist-
ing grievances. By modifying the laws for the refining of
sugar, he believed he should best promote the essential ma
ittifitcture at home. But at the present period of the Ses
slop, he must object to embark in the large inquiry which
his Hen. Friend's motion comprehended. To lay down any
system of policy which should be permanent, and to say
that they would be governed by any particular rules, un-
der whatever circumstances, would be utterly to destroy
the commerce of the country, and to lose all those advan-
tages which other nations were not tardy in turning to ac-
count. True policy would not confine itself to any rules from
which it was impossible to swerve, but would bend to cir-
cumstances, and vary as the advantage of the country mad
it desirable.—(Cheers.)—With respect to another part of
the speech of his Hon. Friend,—he
.meant that part in
which he alluded to the cheering prospect which the num-
ber of islands in the Indian sea held out to him of a great
extension of commerce,—lie had to state, and with great
satisfaction, because it was the result of those principles of
policy which he (Mr. Huskision) had recommended, that
Singapore and other great emporiaa were included in those
regulations which the East Indian Company had consented
'to adopt.—(Cheers.)—Those ports were now as free and
as open as possible, no tonnage or duty of any description
being demanded. This was the commencement of a system
which, in his Opinion, promised the most beneficial results.
He had recommended it as a much wiser course to maintain
for a time the expense of those establishments, which, in
all probability, would, at no very distant period, form the
centre of an extensive commerce, rather than to levy
small duties at first, and thus risk the destruction of so
fair a prospect.--(Cheers.)--What effect these regulations
'would have upon the trade with China and elsewhere it
was not for him now to anticipate ; hut he must say that he
confidently looked forward for the time when the British
flag should be seen to float between the western
part of America and the eastern part of Asia. In the
mean time it was the office and the duty of Government
to lay the foundation, and to prepare as it were the high-
ways for that commerce.—(Cheers.)—lf he might be al-
lowed to advise his Hon. Ft iend, he would recommend him
to wait until the result of those experiments, which were al-
ready in progress,had become apparent. He would recommend
him to defer this Committee for a time, because he believed
that it would be able to discharge its duties far more satisfac-
torily when it should be in possession of the result of those
experiments; and he thought that the Committee would
be instituted at a much better thee than the present if it
were deferred until the period when the renewal of the
charter of the East India Company should come under the
consideration of that House.—(Cheers.)—He was quite as
anxious as his Hon. Friend could be to extend those prin-
ciples of free and unrestricted commerce which he had advo-
cated, as far as the rights of other parties would allow them
to be extended. But he did not think this moment was
well chosen for carrying into effect the proposed object, be-
ease* other measures were now in the course of executien,and
because it was necessary that the result of those measures
should be first seen. To bring this question on now would
be to excite and to inflame those anxious alarms which it
was his earnest wish to allay ; and for that reason, and not
because he disliked the principles of his Hon. Friend, he
felt obliged to object to the appointment of this Com-
mittee. He would not detain the House longer than
to say a word or two upon what had fallen from his Hon.
Friend respecting the extension of the trade of England to
Ireland. He would not now enter into the reasons which
,had prevented that country from entering so generally into
commerce as other countries. Be they what they may, he
did not see what benefit would result from this extension.
The measure in which commerce, would be extended
,to
Ireland must depend upon the securities which Ireland
could afford to property. Considerable improvements hed
begun in manufactories there, and he hoped that they
would he progressive; but he must say, that he did not
think that taking off the duties on sugar could affect the
employment of any particular portion of the people of
Ireland. All that it could possibly cause would be an in-
flux of wealth, and, as he had already said, an influx of
wealth must depend on other circumstances. He hoped
that he had given satisfectory reasons for his objecting to
the appointment of a Committee. He hoped it would be
understood that he objected, not because he had the
slightest wish to oppose or to stand in the way of improve-
ment, but from a conviction that the desired effect would
be obtained without a Committee, since the time was not
far distant when an inquiry into the subject must take
place.
Lord MILTON said, that it would have been his anxi-
ous wish to support his Hon. Friend (Mr: Whitmore) in
his plan for introducing a liberal policy into this branch
of commerce; and if the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Huskis-
son) had set himself in direct opposition to that plan, his
Hon. Friend should certainly have received his unqualified
support. But as Government appeared to be inclined to
enter into the inquiry at a proper time, he should certainly
suggest to his Hon. Friend whether it would not be better
to withdraw his motion for the present. He thought that
it would be better to leave the matter to Government-_
that Government entertaining, as he firmly'believed, sound
and wholesome views en the subject, rather than to ap-
point a Committee, in which they would have witnesses
stating one thing on one side. and others contradicting
them on the other.

up and been fostered under a. different system. It was Mr. PHILLIPS commenced by reading some letters
the duty of Parliament, in making such changes, to weigh which he had received from Manchester, but from the low
well, that in 'benefitting one class, they did not more tone in which he spoke we were unable to collect their
than counterbalance the advantage of inflicting an injury .
contents. We understood the Hon. Member to say, that
upon some other.—(Hear.)—The Hon. Member had stated from the information which he, had received, considerable
that the East Indies were rich in the valuable products of improvement had taken place in several branches of mann-
tropical climes—granted ; but long before Great Britain had facture. In one week loom weaving had advanced 20 per
establishments in the east, immense capitals had been in- cent. ; there had been a great demand for heavy goods, and
vested in particular undertakings. Many British subjects wages had been raised. This subject was connected with
had subsequently embarked their capitals under a system one which bad been touched upon by two Hon. Members
which was guarded by subsisting laws. When the trade who bad spoken upon this question—he meant the subject
had regularly opened under the East India Company, what 'of emigration. He had always been of opinion that the
was the export from the East to Europe ? Not the raw permanent means for promoting emigration were to be
produce, not sugar, net raw cotton, or silk, but the trade sought for among the agricultural classes. Though the
principally consisted of the export of the manufactured commerce of the country had been depressed one year, it
article, which this country had to pay for, not in produce had risen in another; and he had certainly never looked
or manufacture, but in, the precious metals which were altogether despondingly en the commercial interests. When
paid for both, as they were exported from England to other he first stated his opinions in that House respecting the
parts of Europe. The returns to the East India trade benefits which would result from a lees restricted connexion
were therefore, at the period to which he alluded, made in between the manufacturers of this country and the East
cash, the produce of goods sold in the European markets.
A great change had, however, taken place in the East If of the East India Corn-
ever, were correct. the jealousy
Indies, he was treated as a visionary, His opinions, how-
-1 India Company's trade since 1813, and it was one which
pony in admitting British subjects—which jealousy he had
at the time he had been most sanguine in anticipating. It
always looked upon as a great misfortune both to the
had arisen from the skill and enterprise of individuals who
Company and to the country--shad been less, and if they
had embarked in the free trade to India—it had partly
had encouraged manufacturers to go to India, instead of
sprung from the suggestions which had emanated from the throwing obstacles in their way, he was quite sure that
Board of Control, and Board of Trade, to the East India
Company. It was certainly cheering. to observe the the revenues of the Company would have been considerably
increased. His Hon. Friend (Mr. Leycester) had said that
beneficial growth of free trade to. India, and be had no they had cut down the income of the landholders. He
doubt that it would continue to increase if not precipitately was at a loss to perceive bow any thing of the kind had
tampered with. But they must attend to other interests, as
been done ; and fin his own part be begged leave to say
'
they advanced in their progressive relaxation of the old re- that he had no disposition whatever to do so, and that lie
striations, or else they might injure where they were
seriously disposed to serve. He was calmly and delibes. felt no hostility whatever to the landholders or their inte-
rests.' Though he concurred, with his Hen. Friend who
rately bent upon doing justice to the commercial, relations brought forward this motion, yet, after what had fallen
of the country : they constituted a subject to which be from the Right Hon. Gentleman on the floor, he thought
looked with the deepest and most anxious interest, and 'that it would be better to withdraw it for the present.
which he hoped to bring into a gradual improvement. He
wished in every respect to improve' the trade in the east, Sir C. FORBES rose for the purpose of expressing his
without at the same time sacrificing that of the west. ,acknowledgements to the .Right Hon. Gentleman (the
monopoly of sugar, he could not help remarking,
With reference to what had been said on the B•t;biect of the President. of the Board of Trade) for the explanation which
monopoly did not appear to have materially andthe Hon. Gentleman who had brought
.that that he had given, to
affected he forward the motion,
India islands exceeded by 60,000 or 60,000 halide. the , (Mr. Win for the manner in which he had
^fed the subject. He hoped that the Hon. Member
price of the article. The supply of sugar from the West 1 tree... .
,:more) would take the same view of the question

as he did, by leaving it in the hands of the Right Hod'
Gentleman, and withdraWing his motion.
Mr. SYKES was quite satisfied with the tone and terr
per of the debate. He was sorry' that he Was not in ,bta
place when the Right Hon. Gentleman made his lunsinoni,
speech upon the shipping interest ; but from what he i°
heard of it, he must say that he perfectly concurred with
him. He had the means of knowing how great the dig-
tress was which prevailed among the ship-owners of this
country. It extended much further thad the House sup' '
posed ; but when applied to upon the subject, though be
felt severely, he had always told the parties that it did net.
arise from the relaxation laws or from 'the reciprocity
system. He thought that those measures were wise as
measures of justice. At the same time, however, the,
House ought to look to the quarters from whence it could
be relieved. There was no source of relief so good as the
extension of the trade of the country ; and there was fen. f
more efficacious means of extending that trade than by
throwing open the trade of the Indies.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that whether the Hon. Member
would withdraw his motion or not he could not determine'
He should, however, take that opportuity of making a few',
observations on the subject. When they were told that
the reduction of the duties on West Indian sugar would net
hurt the West Indies, and would do no good to England'
he must say, that such an argument, to use a vulgar,
pression, cut its own throat. It was clear that there Inn°,
he a fallacy in such an argument. He would show wit"
would be the good of the reduction. It would consist in
this :—if it reduced the price of sugar, it would be a be-
nefit to England so far : if it did not reduce the price
sugar, England would, at least, be satisfied in having
that granted which had so frequently been asked for by
numerous petitions. By the supposition, no harm would
be done to the West Indies, while they would have the
satisfaction of being freed from all future importunities oft
the subject. The subject had certainly been treated in „s 4
very proper manner ;—but it was wished to put it w:
until the time of the renewal of the charter of the Ea"
India Company. In other words it was to be put off in-
I lefinitely,—for some undefined period which could lent'
it was true, exceed five or six years,—but no time
within six years was mentioned. The fact, there'
fore, was, that it was to he postponed for five or sib•
years without discussion ; and for eo hing a postponements
which must, of necessity, be injurious to the question, he_
had heard no reason. The Right Hon. Gentleman (rig'
Huskisson) had spoken of equallizing the dnty on cottons
rather than sugar. Now he (Mr. Smith) conceived it to
be the duty end the policy of this country to cultivate cot-
ton in the West Indies, as well as any other article of pro'
duce. It' it be clear, as the returns would warrant, i,°
supposing, that a larger quantity of sugar was producid in
the West Indies now than formerly, it was also a fact which --
could not he denied, that the population of the West In-
dies had been progressively decreasing in proportion as the
production of sugar increased. The contrary was the feet
with respect to cotton. We could not, therefore, better
advance the interests of the West Indies than by diminish-
ing the culture of sugar, rind increasing that of cottOu.--"
It was said, that the West India trade was a monopelY;
but it should be recollected, that those who were inter-
ested in that trade had already given up a great deal
of that supposed monopoly. As the name of the Mao'
ritius had been mentioned, he particularly wished t°
observe, that the increase iu the production of stlgr,,
was at least sevenfold since we first took possession of that
colony. He was quite certain, that this increase in the
production of sugar could only have been carried on by s.
traffic in slaves. When we first took possession of the
Mauritius, the quantity of-sugar Produced there amounted
to between 3 and 4 millions of pounds ; the quantity pa'
duced last year amounted to bet Ween 23 and 24 million'
of pounds. This fact spoke for itself; and he should will
observe, that he could attribute the increase to one eaves
only,—namely, the importation of slaves. The Hon. Gen'.
deism's in conclusion observed, that if the Hon. Gentlents°,,
would consent to withdraw his motion, he (Mr. Smith/
was sure that the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Huskissonl
would not fail to act upon the wise and liberal systeta °f
policy which he to-night professed.
Mr. BERNAL was sorry that his Hon. Friend "the
member for Norwich, should have been induced to enter
into a discussion on the subject now before the House, aft°
the assurance held out by the Right Hon. Gentleman °P,;
polite (Mr. Huskisson) that the question should meet with
the attention of his Majesty's Government.
Sir ROBERT FARQUHAR begged to offer himselftc;
the House; and first, he would return his thanks for th
very candid and liberal manner in which the Hon. Member
for Rochester introduced the point of Mauritius sugar'"'
_
Though that was a question affecting the interests of -Tv
West India planters, they all handsomely judged it upon lbt:
own merits and the justice of the case, and spurned to t
led astray by the artifices of a certain patty, whose g.reB„f,,
and sole object was most wantonly to run down and vilify
the inhabitants of the Mauritius; not only the inhabitAlet6
but the Government and Administration of the Colony''„
With respect to the observations of the Hon. Member
Norwich, he (Sir R. Farquhar) would set the Hon. Die%
her for Rochester right in inforMing him, in reply to ha
query, that the Hon. Member for Norwich had,
,in.;
speech of an hour and a half, two years ago, defended the
justice and advocated the policy of allowing the Matliitli
sugars to be introduced at 'the lower rate of duties, uP°
every principle of good faith, wisdom, and humanitY'
which the subject so fully warranted. How the Ifon• 6e4}:
tleman can have so suddenly changed his opinions it is -°,*th
ticult to conceive; unless, in the blind compliance
the
i.stsuysna,i,sght.'e
roisfs,laainic,deirtsa2iNnsviMartytiht combined to persecute that 139,
act of good faith, after clearing ipsneggc
granted
the
et
etghdi admissioneobuyn ground
thato f
Hai
joyuo,ie t led
r
slave-dealing. It was upon that grouud alone that it svai
assented to. It was acknowledged by the votes of tba,,
House that not an instance of slave-dealing had occurred sit:if;
1820,with the exception of one single vessel, the ColiiiB6l-t
1821,which was chased by his Majesty's schooner, and buttla
'on the shores. " then (said Sir R.) " solemnly pled,,gepa
to the House that no illicit debarkation bad no
place at the Mauritius since that period. I re-asserted
th'n
same fact in 1826 ; and I now, in the presence Of ss
House and of the country, am prepared solemnly todenla;:
that not a single instance has occurred up to the Intl,.
day. I beg leave to refer to the Hon. Secretary
Colonial Department for the truth of this assertion, tsr.ted
is vouched in the latest despatches by that distinguto,
public officer and highly honourable soldier (Sir L° by
Cole). The House will be guided in their judgeee°te,so
such distinct and authentic information, in prefetee i i 1
the opinions of dissatisfied and discarded officers 'of the 60.0
Government, and to the evidence of perjured sadie the
He (Sir R. Farquhar) asked pardon of the House for
otee
warmth which he had expressed . himself but he tr°_,
that allowance would be made for such scandalous ans„-aci
founded calumnies as bad been ventured against hioslurthe
this subject by the Hon. Gentleman opposite. He dese;`,o%
Hon. Gentleman to produce a single instance of'," 44,
dealing since 1820, with the single exception alreaa/tios
verted to. He had admitted in this House, in 1825' thit
there had been cases of slave-dealing previously tc,oo-
- ; but he boldly asserted, and defied the Hon' And
tleman to prove the contrary, that the utmost exertions
every means within his power had been stretched ink
case, and a vast responsibility thereby assumed," t°
and defeat those abominable violators of the law' be
applied to the Authorities at home and abroad t: of
operate in those means ; hnd in the inStanco,
smuggling which did occur in -those early Per( Or
enormously exaggerated as they have been, be
to,.
R. Farquhar) had not even restricted his did
sures to the rigour of the laws then in force, bul' die
every thing •within • his poWer and influence to puiliebe
offenders ; and 'where powers were found inadeVateolo'
could only apply to the competent authorities to makeooll
and more efficient laws. He knew too well, eed JOOO-
appreciated the fallacy of those principles which' the
re
Gentle Man advocates fen' the sake of effect', to seek the '.tie
cutien of the law by the violation of it, or to Pot': es ib
means by the end proposed. The evidence, as farhisiste
goes, is already in the possession of the House, to tv pain
earnestly entreated, as an act of justice to himeelf 11,10
Mauritius, the attention of every Member.. He Wrisocif,c,'
say, "Ex pede Herczdem," but the nature and °
of that evidence,—the nature and character 'vs in
Committee,--are sufficient in some measure ,;fr
able gentlemen to form an opinion of the case .moors
mn s
introduceddierw,i,tv4hsoo
had
delbi
eeponmspinucpeonprtohvee,edvitdoenbcee
that
reaso,
and who admitted himself, in his own evidence, tir t°
been bribed to a subornation of felony. With 617110
one other point, the'popnlation, upon which
00-
0_
Members dwell so much, he (Sir R. Farclubar) -Doti st!
since
ed
theto prove
capture,that
wtthereh t
hhea s
exceptionb
slaves carried off by the cholera morbus in one I.etr from
rre
week Gthenwteleeikn,anw,hhicahshp,asut
boeffenhnisatpurroamilyiseltdos. t
0.7060;
irritating to him. He must add, that' the 'cause ,I.,fiy tb,
een llittle
tloef °:',13110!'0° 64:6
creased culture of sugar is easily to be accounted I_°col'
destruction of all other kinds of cultivation, by the. pa
hurricanes to which this island is peculiarly subjeTaditin
the separation of Bourbon, which depriving-
recd the LI:
•of the advantages as being the emporium, depriving
dusw
hitant stotdo u
direct their
liorthoughts and habits of
elusively
Mr. SMITH explained.
theMarss.erFt.ioßnUofXtTheOHN6nw.onuladrocnoenefi(nseirhßis.
Fobsearciritu..yt_ratior,

the slave trade in the Mauritius bad not been practised
during his government there. He did not mean at present
to enter upon proofs that he meant to submit to the House
when the proper time for inquiry should arrive; but this
much he would say, without the least hesitation, that the
slave trade in the Mauritius had been carried on to the
eternal disgrace of those by whom it had been suffered.—
(Cheers.)—He repeated that the slave trade in the Manri
tius had been carried on to an enormous extent, and when
the Hon. Baronet said that he had prosecuted offenders to
the utmost rigour of the law, and in some cases with more
rigour than the law allowed him, how was that statement
reconcileable with the fact, that not a single person accused
°f slave dealing had been convicted during the government
of the Hon. Baronet ?--(Cheers.)
Alr. BROUGHAM, in rising to offer a few observa-
tions on the subject before the House, could not but express
part igh satisfaction at the tone and temper in which a
of this debate had been conducted. He (Mr.
BEongbam) was the last man who would willingly tender
advice; and he was sure that his Hen. Friend near him
Dlr. William Smith) was the last man to whom advice
'413 needful. He hoped, however, that his Hon. Friend
Yrauld excuse him, if he recommended him to treat a sub-
Ject like the present in a different spirit than that in which
he displayed to night. He could assure his Hon. Friend,
or whom he entertained the greatest respect, that he meant
this observation in no unfriendly serse, but solely because
he felt the deep importance of this subject, and the great
theextensive advantages which were likely to arise from
liberal and candid view which the Right Hon. Gentle-
rain had taken of it. Feeling most forcibly the good which
must be the result of the favourable opinion expressed by
hh9Right Hon. Gentleman, and in consideration that
Alajesty's Government would at no distant day take
uP the subject, he had now to hope that his Honourable
Friend (Mr. Whitmore) would not press his motion.—
(Hear, hear.)—lf his Honourable Friend should in his
discretion think fit to act upon that suggestion, but little
would then remain for him (Mr. Brougham) to add to
what he had already stated. As errors might, however,
go forth to the public if not corrected, it would be as well
perhaps for him to state one or two particulars in which he
could not bring himself to agree with the Right Hon.
Gentleman. He remembered the Right Hon. Gentleman
stated, that the West Indies derived no benefit from discri-
nating duties. Now if that position were well founded, it
zoultot once put an end to the argument. Because if we
WPaYa duty of 10s. on such India produce, and if
at duty was no protection to produce, surely there
was no
nn Proposal more fair and reasonable than that we should
!"nlitte
.ong be called upon to pay that 10s. duty, it being
' fact d that it was of no benefit to the West Indies, and
; , was of no service whatever either to our possessions
or to this country. An Hon. Member on the
u hd
tiow said, that we ought not to force the West
thlties to raise sugar. His (Mr. Brougham's) reply to
teiathre this—Don't force them not to raise sugar, but
Thereraw as VeedilY as possible your protecting duty.—
tari was one circumstance above all others particu-
Y galling to a British Statesman, which was this, that
protecting duty should be extended to the Maitritiu!.
c'oinoynithe.Mauritius should be included in the West India
es it was not for him to say, but there was one
rea,son-which he owned struck him very forcibly why that
e°l°ll should
:ailed in t not have been so included. The sugar
he Mauritius was produced by slaves, and not by
Ihrete lab
i.our—(Hear, hear)--and it was for this reason that
ohe fel` 1t most galling, as a British statesman, to be
-"god to countenance system, which from his soul he
condeeo„„s
-•‘-‘i, and give protection to the master of slaves, as
vvfieellhall the emplo-yersof free labourers.—(Hear, bean)._
e;,,s, °fed, however, and be was justified in what had this
tiout fallen from the Right Hon. Gentleman, in hoping,
4net the dawn of a better and a brighter day would soon
lear, when the colonies would share in those benefits to
sir well-wishers looked with hope and confidence.
what g forward to the dawn of that day, and regarding
he 4. ad Passed as a favourable augury of the good which
ae-„..uaw anticipated, he should abstain from any harsh ob-
mil "thin with respect to the couduct of those who would
oillorltthe benefits to which this country and the countless
looituerB of our Asiatic subjects might with eonfidence
i.es forward. He owned he exulted mightily when be
theeeted on the vast benefits which would arise from
enlarged and liberal policy of his Majesty's Govern-.
er
tit Though samples of a vast commodity, to use
of „ oantile phrase, could give but an inadequate idea
orteme value of the commodity itself, yet they were
tie useful to give an idea of its nature. A little in-)
tehrtiet which lately occurred to him (Mr. Brougharn
- "lithe borders of Lancashire, would show both the
the meaning, °f
his
meaning and to what extent our trade with
t eitEaat Indies was carried on. He had occasion
il'flrs that a mercantile house in that part of the coon-
eat-ad„,,latelY received orders for cottons from the
he --`"°B ; to what extent those orders were made
the Wi,
t' almost afraid to say, lest be should mis-state
eett ' .Ilowever the order amounted to several thou-
tartteancl thousands of pieces of calico for the East India
Johainformant told him that if he looked into
" ears -Dictionary he would see, under the head
°
" a place in the East Indies where a fabric was
facturere" of gaudy colours." In those days the manu-
haid of cotton was carried on by a countless number of
atia
and to when completed it was shipped to this country
im other parts of Europe. We now, by our own native
toettliso.tt,Y and growing wealth and vast resources, found
nand growing
the position in which we then stood with
rive to the East Indies ; and, under the very name de-
Pori oat its ancient emporium, we shipped to that ern-
cittitillro the identical article, but of a better material and
(Rea than than the original inventors were able to supply.—
heeoaraj ear.)--Looking forward, therefore, to what had
jreadY accomplished, he thought he was not too Ran-
h 'n foreseeing that benefits were yet in store in which
iiaZglit he our lot at no very distant day to partioi -
tick
0,}4 bad willingly avoided a single observe-
fete a personal character that might wound thed
witting of
.any, individual, and he owned he had
f Bay the
with pain a singular want of judgment--
ta. .7 the least of it—with which some Honourahesl!
"r:tlenien had thought fit to mix up the present t.itt
k° with certain persons connected with the Mauritius;
eber- /44)". Gentleman, who had taken to himself a greater
Lif.telso:goon°(itiee -niaght than was consistent
sense,h d indulged in topics which it we re
t 0 have left untouched. If he (Mr. Brougham)
" extr allowed to suggest a course which struck him
16 "
alla •,:telY wise and judicious, the individual to whom
4 84
been made should meet the accusation as often
f brought forward against him ; and if it was re-
ere,/ would
tlens,„ mmittee, in that Committee the Hon. Gen-
hernO doubt meet the charge. The Hon. Mem-
,,orwieb, however, made no charge against the in •
th;l_."°Bl alludedto. He (Mr. Brougham) had heard no-
wi'eltr, either in the House to-night, or in the Committee,
vey ,e„ was always at his post, at all calculated to con-
had 1;- a•eensation ; and this much he would add—that he
'Liter trd n°thing, either then or now, that would at all
subject! °Pinion which he had already formed upon that
is nvuzio
af t khe T HORTON defended the late Governor
Mauritius.sex. c
facer " n'• WYNN said, that as our manufactures had
houn, extent superseded those of India, we were
we
co" inn and policy to extend our trade, as far as
had could' to the interior of that country. A beginning tyo.uen made, from which he trusted much advantage
~,01101d be derived. As this was the case, he hoped the
"1 • Air. Member would withdraw his motion for the present.
sin
what had OVIIITMORE, in reply, observed, that after
consent to wieer►
drld by the Right Hon. Gentleman, he would
in his hands ; motion, leaving the matter entirely
tioned would not be ZpoPed that the improvements men-
of the Charter, aYed till the discussion of the renewal
The motion was then vvithdraws
CORNWALL AND taEsiciV" , * Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN MINING COMPANY.
the appointment of
_a Select Co said, that in moving for
transactions connected with ttAankztiottOe.t.niisquire into the_
intention at that late hour to tieeesinl'anY, it was not hie
of the House. It might, perhaph r'ang on the attention
evileWhich had resulted from th
seam, would not be necessary to appoint
owe e; 'mid' that as the
n 8 had already
milatitnimittee ;
f" he could assure the House that he oft
speculations were not yet at an end. Hundreds
some
e Yet suffering from them. He had also anotheorftsr7,llBl
Air Pressing the Committee. The characters
inati, °Thera of that House were implicated, and itzsiodiTiet
ee to those whom they represented that they
Placed •
be
in a proper light before the country--that they
Tottld be freecl from the imputations cast upon them if
0 tOY could show that such imputations were unfounded.
Hone Alderman concluded with moving, " That a
;71eet Committee be•appointed to inquire into the allege-
4L'una contained a Petition presented to the House, on
7,19til of April last from certain har and scrip holders
the Cornwall and 'Dev Misninge Company ; and to
re.P°rt t° the House their7plinblion thereupon, together with
anY special matters touchin
of the Home. g the conduct of any Members
Mr. MONCK seconded the motion.
Lord PALMERSTON said, te with reference to his
e°,433exion with the pan y, it was a matter of perfect in-
thtference to him whether the Houle decided on the motion
gut !ray or other.
Mr. G. R. ROBINSON observed, that it would be a
Ines of time to grant the committee unless the House was

prepared to take tv the report of this second:committee, and
act upon it.
Mr. WILKS replied to the observations of Mr. Alder-
man Waithman, in which lie repeated many of the argu-
ments employed on a former occasion. He remarked that
the motion of the Hon. Alderman arose from nothing more
than a private quarrel between him and the Hon. Member.
Taking his speech from beginning to end, it contained
statements either untrue, or which were grossly exaggera-
ted. He could not account for his mis-statements unless
from the charitable supposition that he had been imposed
upon. The Hon. Member concluded by objecting gene-
rally to going into discussions upon questions the merits of
which were already pending in several actions and proceed-
ings at law.
Mr. HUDSON GURNEY was of the same opinion
upon the last point with the Hon. Member for Sudbury, and
thought that in going into the case of the Arigna Mining
Company the House had acted rather hastily. These were
private companies, and the transactions were private.—
That in many of them frauds to a most disgraceful extent
had been committed, he did not doubt ; but the House was
not the fit tribunteto take cognizance of those frauds.
Mr. BROUGHAM said that the House was very much
indebted to the Hon. Member for the City of London for
the zeal and industry with which he had brought the pre-
sent case under 'its consideration; but, for his own part,
he had never felt more confident upon any point in his
life than the question was one which Parliament ought not
to entertain. For, suppose a case to exist ten times more
nefarious than that alleged against the Hon. Member for
Sudbury, one part of whose statements he (Mr. B.) hap-
pened to, know, from having been counsel in one of the
recent actions " Moore v. Hammon," to be perfectly cor-
rect—yet even suppose such an exaggerated case as that
which he suggested to be capable being made out, a case
of direct fraud, of swindling, and even of forgery, still he
should say that it was not a case in which the House' of
Commons has jurisdiction, or in which it could properly
interfere. It should be recollected what a tremendous
engine to employ against a man was the power of a Cone-
mittee of the House of Commons. Every description of
evidence, legal and illegal, regular and irregular, was re-
ceived, and the party accused had no power of cross-exa-
mination. Of all descriptions of investigation, that of such
a committee was the most rigorous. It was highly useful,—
highly adapted to elicit truth ; but it ought never to be resort-
ed to out of its proper place. And in the present case it was
most particularly oppressive to propose the resort to such a
committee, because proceedings at law were in fact already
existing, which its report might influence or damnify.—
He agreed that in the case of the Arigna Mining Company,
there had been a better ground for Parliamentary inquiry
than there existed in the present case, because these a ques-
tion had arised as to the fitness of an Hon. Member of the
House to fill a high and particular office ; but in the case
before the House, he never had been more fully convinced
of any fact, than that it would be most inconvenient for
that House, as well as most enormously unjust to the party
concerned, to let the inquiry go on. He had not a question
that the motion was brought forward in the most perfect
feeling of candour by the Hon. Alderman, and therefore
it was that he submitted these points to his consideration.
For himself, he had never had the slightest traffic in shares,
and therefore cared not how far the inquiry went ; it was
not likely to offend him ; but he confessed that, if it was
persevered in, he did not know what part of a gentleman's
private conduct might not be made the subject of Parlia-
mentary investigation.
Mr. BROGDEN complained of the constitution and
proceedings of the Committee, as of a court more inquisi-
torial and cruel than the Star Chamber. He complained
also of the formation of the Committee by which, as it hap-
pened, those upon whom he relied the most were constantly
absent, and others, whom the Hon. Member named, were
as constantly present. He bad to regret much, that upon
a particular day, when he had entreated the attendance of
the Hon. Member for Surrey, who was well versed in
judicial proceedings, that Hon. Member had [sent him word
that he could not be present, because he had to view a prize
pig at Stnithfield.—(No, no," from the Hon. Gentleman
referred to.) He highly approved of the sentiments ex-
pressed by the Hon. and Learned Member for Winchelsea,
and he felt sure that the more that question of his conduct
in the Arigna Mining Company was discussed, the Booties
would his justification be perfected.
Mr. ROBERT GRANT would not have risen but from
the necessity put upon him of answering for the conduct of
the Committee of which he had been, however unworthily,
appointed Chairman. There could be no specific complaint
against the conduct of that Committee, because.it had pro-
posed no active proceeding for the adoption of the House ;
and having fulfilled its functions, delicate and unpleasant as
he bad throughout found them to be, ought not to have
again become a topic for the discussion of the House. In
answer to the abjection of the Hon. and Learned Member
for Winchelsea, he would only say, that defective as such
tribunals might he deemed, and perhaps justly deemed in
general, the Arigna Committee had conducted their pro-
ceedings with as close an analogy to the proceedings in a
Court of Law as they could. He did not concur in the
opinion of that Hon. and Learned Gentleman as to the
want of a sufficient distinction between acts done by a So-
licitor for his client, and acts done by a Solicitor as a lead-
ing accomplice with other parties. He confessed that his
personal experience of the proceedings in these Committees
would lead him more than any arguments which he had
heard, to concur with those who thought them defective
and inconvenient tribunals, for the purposes of the House,

or the investigation of the conduct of its Members.
Mr. W. WARD, as one of the Committee, declared that
he had attended the Committee with as much diligence as
be could, having a just regard to his own affairs, and that
he had stayed up on the night before agreeing to the Re-
port, to read it over, and compare it with the evidence, till
half-past two o'clock.
Alderman WAITHMAN replied, and consented to with-
draw his motion. _ _

The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, and the
House adjourned at a Quarter before Two o'Clock.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

woncEs OF NIOTIONS FOR THIS DAY.

L. Mr. Littleton—Select6;;ittee to consider the beet
means of reducing the various charges on the renewal
of Turnpike Trusts Acts, and the procuring of cer-
tain other Bills.
2. Mr. Wodehouse—Bill to discontinue certain Present-

ments of Constables. a .--
3. Mr. Alderman Thompson—Bill to amend Act (3 Geo.
4), relating to the sale of Bread in London and the

Bills of Mortality. ____ _ ~...„
4. Mr. Thomas Wood—Bill to suspend for two years the
laws which prohibit the sale of Game.

ORDERS OF THE DAY FOR THIS DAY.
1. Supply—Committee.
2. Ways and Means—Committee.
3. Prerogative Court (Ireland) Judge's Salary—Comm]
tee thereupon.

NOTICES GIVEN YESTERDAY,
Thursday, May 17.
Mr. Beaumont—Resolution, That the Administration, as
at present constructed, is not deserving the confidence
of the House and Country.
Monday, May 21.
Mr. Moore—To bring under the consideration 'of the
House the Petition of the Mechanical Operative
Classes of the City, liberties, and vicinity of Dublin
(presented 12th April), and praying the establish-
ment of a Loan Fund.
Tuesday, May 22.
Mr. Henley Eden—Bill to amend the Bankrupt Act.
Thursday, May 24.
1. Mr. Edw. D. Davenport—Select Committee to inquire
into the causes of the severe distress which has af-
flicted the Commercial and Industrious classes of the
Community during the last and present years.
2. Mr. Moore—Bill to give validity to the service of pro-
cess to compel appearance issuing out of the superior
Courts of Justice in any one of the parts of the United
Kingdom on persons in any of the other parts of the
United Kingdom.
3. Mr. Moore—Bill for the protection of purchasers for
valuable consideration in Ireland against judgment
not recovered within twenty years.
Monday, May 28.
Mr. Portman—To present Petition from Landowners of
Dorsetshire, on the present state of the Wool Trade.
Thursday, May 31.
Mr. Fowell Buxton—Select Committee on the Mauri-
ritius Slave Trade.

ORIGIN OF DISEASE.—" I tell you honestly
what I think is the cause of the complicated mala-
dies of the human race ; it is their gormandizing
and stuffing, and stimulating those organs (the
digestive) to an excess, thereby producing nerv-
ous disorder and irritation. The state of their
minds is another grand cause ; the fidgetting and
discontenting yourself about that which can't be
helped; passions of all kinds—malignant passions,
and worldly cares, pressing upon the mind, dis-
turb the cerebral action, and do a great deal of
harm."—Abernethy's Lectures.
