THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1834.

INQUESTS IN THE KING'S BENCH PRISON.

. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SIR,-It is now two years since a leading Member of the
Government first proposed, and the Commons received with real
or pretended enthusiasm, a Bill for the Abolition of Imprison-
ment for Debt. I will not ask how it is that Acts to abridge
the liberties of the people, or even to put them to the sword,
can be passed in a few days, while two years have not been
time enough to put an end to this atrocious remnant of bar-
barity. I will not pause to inquire why the emancipators of
negroes have found no voices to protest against this wicked
and demoralizing slavery of their white countrymen ; but I
will show the working of this system by undeniable do-
cuments, and, if the public stock of charity have not
been entirely expended on blaeks and the brute creation,
there may yet be some hopes for the poor insol-
vent. By the public, of course, I do not mean those
narrow-minded hucksters who, for the sake of their phantom
credit, would incarcerate a whole generation • still less do I
allude to those filthy vampires of the law, who are degrading
an honourable profession—themselves they cannot degrade—
by sucking the very life blood of their fellow-creatures ; but I
appeal to the majority of a high-minded and liberal nation,
that has seldom erred from the want of generosity.
It has been my misfortune within the last twelve months to
be upon at least fourteen inquests held upon King's Bench
prisoners, an 1, in the major part of these cases the verdict of
the jury has decided that death was either occasioned or accele-
rated by imprisonment. Let -it be remembered, too, that
these verdicts have not been brought in by parties de-
sirous of such results ; the general feeling of the prisoners
is a nervous fear of offending the powers that be by pre'ssing
any inquiry, and the apothecary, whose evidence usually forms
a conspicuous feature, is a hired pensioner of imprisonment,
and, as such, bears a reluctant testimony to its evils.

NQUEST ON THE BODY OF JOHN HARTNOLL MOORE, A PR'
.rk

SONER WITHIN THE RULE" OF THE KING'S BENCH,

Elizabeth Wood, examined.-7I have lived with the deceased

25 years as housekeeper. He died on Sunday at 11 o'clock.
He was confined for three years within the gaol, and the im-
prisonment so preyed upon his mind that he became mad.
Was so outrageous that a keeper was called in from Fulham.
Had no attack of the kind prior to his imprisonment, nor was
the disease hereditary in his family. Application was
made for his release to the creditor, Richard Shimell,
the younger, a builder at Tynemouth, and refused.
In consequence of the violence of his disorder, he was

admitted to the privilege of the rules, where he partially re-
covered his health and spirits, till, on the death of the late
marshal (Mr. Jones) he became impressed with the idea that
he would be again locked up within the walls—fancied that
every person knocking at the door, was one of the gaolers come
to take him back to prison. Gradually grew worse. Drop-
sical symptoms showed themselves, and he died. He had been
attended by Mr. Coulthred.
The Jury now expressed a wish to examine Mr. Coulthred,
who, upon a messenger being sent to the latter, refused to at-
tend. It was then suggested by two of the jury that the Co-
roner should issue his summons to compel his attendance, but
their opinion was overruled, thus affording an apt illustration
of the little inclination there is on the part of prisoner juries
to press any inquiry. At the same time it is no more than
justice to tke marshal (Mr. Chapman) to state, that he cheer-
fully and readily supplied every facility to the investigation.
Elizabeth Wood re-examined—Mr. Moore was 70 years old
in February last. He was detained in prison for the sum of
1131. 10s., his real debt being about 631., the overplus was for
costs. Mr. Moore's son, a Lieutenalat in the navy offered to
pay 501. for the debt by instalments, which was refused, and
more than this he was unable to offer. A letter was sent from

the Marshal's Office about three years ago to the plaintiff sug-
gesting that Mr. Moore ought to be removed to a private mad-
house in the country, but the plaintiff refused to release his

prisoner. Mr. Moore 's family did all they could to assist him,
paying for his room and allowing him eight shillings
per week. Witness went to a Mr. Bennet, plaintiff's
attorney in Featherstone-buildings, and again offered 501.
which he refused ; he was duly informed of the prisoner's
health. Witness had no doubt whatever that the prisoner's
death was occasioned by imprisonment. She attended upon
him, worked to support him, and even pledged her last'shawl
to provide him nourishment. Could not afford a nurse—obliged
to be up night and day for the last six weeks. His property
was in Chancery. Mr. Coulthred told her that want of nou-
rishment brought on the disease.
After a short consultation, the Jury brought in a verdict of
" Died of a complication of diseases, of which the principal
features were insanity, nervous debility, and dropsy, resulting
from imprisonment within the walls of the King's Bench, and
aggravated by extreme poverty."
Previous to this, on the very same day an inquest was held
on the body of Count de la Roche, and, after a long and pa-
tient investigation, the verdict was, " Died a natural death,
caused by MALIGNANT SPASMODIC CHOLERA • and it further
appears to the "Jury that such death was accelerated by impri-
sonment within the walls of the King's Bench."
I am your's, VERITAS.

COURT CIRCULAR.

The meeting of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Coun-
cil appointed to be held (on appeals) on Friday at the Council
Chamber has been postponed.
Mr. Young, M. P., had an interview with Mr. Secretary
Rice on Monday, at the Colonial Office.
The Right Hon. J. Hon. Abercromby has left town for
Harrowgate ; Viscount Althorp has arrived at Althorp Park,
Northamptonshire, from his seat, Wiseton Hall, Nottingham-
shire.

Mr. Carter, M. P., and Mr. Hill, M.P., transacted business
yesterday at the Colonial Office.

WINDSOR, AUGUST 26.

The Duke of Dorset, the Earl of Albemarle, and Coloni
and Lady Wemyss arrived at the Castle yesterday on a visit
to their Majesties.
_ _ _

The following persons took leave of their Majesties, aid
departed yesterday morning :—Earl and Countess Howe and
their two sons, Earl and Countess Denbigh, Lord Elphin-
stone, the Dean of Hereford, Lord Ducie and the Hon. Miss
Emily Moreton, and Lord and Lady Frederick Fitzclarence.
The King and her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glou-
cester enjoyed a carriage drive together yesterday morning.
In tha afternoon the Queen was out on horseback, attended by
the usual suite.

This day their Majesties went in state to Egham races, in
seven carriages. Among the distinguished persons who ac-
companied the King and Queen were :—Their Royal High-
nesses Princess Augusta and the Duchess of Gloucester,
Prince George of Cambridge, Duke of Dorset, Earl of Al-
bermarle, Earl and Countess of Errol, Colonel and Lady
Wemyss, Colonels Bowater and Thornton, Madlle D'Este,
Misses Johnstone and Wilson, Viscount and Viscountess
Falkland, Lady Clinton, Sir Philip and Lady Sidney, Sir
Herbert and Lady Taylor, Lady Augusta Kennedy Erskine,
Messrs. Hudson and Shiffner, &c. Tippoo Saib's tents have
been brought out and erected on the course for the accommo-
dation of the Royal party, who are expected to honour the
races again with their presence on Thursday.
On their return from the races their Majesties will entertain
a numerous and distinguished company at dinner.
We regret to state that Sir John Barton, the Queen's Trea-
surer, expired at six o'clock yesterday evening, in his apart-
ments at the Castle. Sir John's death was rather sudden, and
was caused by a paralytic attack which he had on Friday last.
In consequence of this melancholy event the Queen did not
appear at dinner yesterday evening, and her Majesty's cham-
ber musicians had orders not to attend.
