SrVENNENCr•.

MISS MACAULEY AND MIL KEAN.

--,
STATC.MENT OF MISS MACAULEY'S ENGAGEMENT AT

THE THEATRE ROYAL DRURY-LANE.

In the spring ut •1818, I entered into a treaty with the

Committee for twelve nights; the risk bras en-
tirely on my fide—in case of failure the first night, and in.
the
,event Of success, my emoluments depended eutirely.ort
their lilierafity, no peCnn!ary stipulations bring made. Into..
Bertiani, Was the part fixed upon for toy deolit-; and
itie part, correctly writtedrrimi the prdinpt lmoh, wtii sent
to the in Waterford. Imniediately on lily arrival idto%it, I

had a meeting with the Committee; tworehearsals were ap•
pointed, anti niyfirit appearance iii hnogine fixed for th'e Ira--
lowing week :sevcral days pissed, but neither rehearsal nor
performance to 4 place, nor any reason assigned for the de-
lay; at 1,11011.1 wrote to inquire the cause, and was inform—
ed in reply, " That Mr. Kean's time was so fully occupied,
a was impossible Li fix his attention on Bertram for the
presene.l"
4 ,

!Could not conceive what attention could he requisite ott
the part of Mr. Kean, to a character which he must have per-
formed at leaSt forty or fifty times; hut I plainly saw some
foul play was in meditation. I wrote a letter to the Commit-
tee, stating, that if Mr. Kean had any objection to.tt form
with me, I had not any desire to perform with him: and
though I should prefer hnogine to all other charcters as a
first appearance, yet I would change it to any otheri more
suited to the convenience of the Theatre—" Belvidera," if
they thought proper. I said I did not appeal to their huma-
nity, I did not require any favours, but simply the pet:form-
ance of my engagement with them.

This letter drew an immediate reply, and I was informed
that one of the Gentlemen of the Committee would Wait o►s.
me in a day or two. 'pis interview, which I may truly say,
was one of the most painful of my life, unfolded to me a de-
terminate spirit of opposition and o?pression already in prac-
tice against me; many reasons were assigned to prove that
.my. engagement need not be fulfilled, or-at least should be
postponed until next season; I 'writ 'much hurt, but was not
to be frightened out of my rights. Mr. Kean had, however,
asserted, " that I was- incapable of the business I had un-

dertaken to perform."
Great God! could this man, basking in the sun-shine of
prosperity and public favOur,thus deliberately stab the fame,
and strike at the very existere of an unpr.teeted female,
who hadnrier iti any way injured him: and whoSe all of
fortimcwas in the exercise of those talents bestowed Tupont
her by Providence. Upon what authority Mr. Kean eoul&
make this assertion was strange, as we had never by any ac-
cident met since we ir.d each 'attained our tweittVeth year ;
previous to that age, I bad led the bu\siness of the Belfast
Theatre, and had been honoured with the pubic encotniunis
of Mrs. Siddons, when Mr. Kean was scarcely trusted to de-

liver a message.
That I had, for the last three years, devoted my talent to
the Charity Plays of Ireland, was a circumstance advanced as
rendering me unfit for the business of a regular Theatre.
Innumerable were the insults, degradations, and anxieties,
I had to encounter, mail the accidental 'arrival of a Gentle-
man from the North, who interfered and demanded the per=
forwance of my engagement ; it was at length arranged
that I should mahe my appearance in Desdcmona, This
I positively refused, and then had my choice of ,Lady
Randolph, with Mr. Kean, as Norval, or Ee/videra., with
.the rest of the conepany.. I chos.e the former; and, after a
painful delay of one month, I camefOr ward as Lad!, Ban-'
dolph. My success (without patronage, friends, or support),
save from a liberal Public, far exceeded nay
.most sanguine
hopes, and the Play was repeated five nights. Mr. Kean pro•
posed Lady Constance for my second character. Aware of
the ditEcUlty of this part, as only fitted to the grandeur
'and dignity of talent of Mrs. Siddons, .and without the ad-
'vantage of ever .'having, performed the character (save only
once), I refused to hazard my reputation or the public opi-
*llion, by making it my second part, and Bertram was, at last,
brought fat Ward for toe. My success in that was greter,thani
even in .Laity Randolph. I then consented to play Lady
Constance; not willingly, I confess—but I was anxious to
avoid a renewal of altercation. I wished to play Belviderce
and Queen Elizabeth; but Mr. Kean positively refused to
perform eithe'r Jaikr or Essex, assigning as a reason, "that
we who play Shakspeare, think these things beneath our
notice."

My reception in Lady Constance was equally gratifying to
my feelings with the two former characters. Many reasons
combined to prevent the success of this piece; it was; how-
ever, repeated three times. In the midst of my engagement,
the Theatre closed, from the various altercations then afloat.
When it re-opened, I thought it expedient to play once more,
and to have my last appearance for the season announced.
Lady Macbeth was the only part open to me. As a matter of
necessity, rather than choice, I undertook it ; and, will it be
believed, when I say it—yet it is a sacred truth—l perforotelt
the part of Lady Macbeth before a London audience, without'
any rehearsal, none attending save Miss Tidswell, Mr. Kent,
and Mr. Marshal !

Many were the petty efforts made to humblt my pride; but
a mind accustomed to contend with fortune, even from the
age of sixteen, was not easily subdued, though it might he
tortured. Nothing now remained of my engagement but the
emolument. From my first arrival in Loudon till the Goal
close of my affairs at Drury-Lane,, a lapse of fifteen werits
occurred—my journey long, my expenses heavy—my temn-
Aeration 501. short of what.l had actually spent in the service
of the Theatre.

I felt mine a case of peculiar hardship; but not doubting
that the next season would compensate for the loss of the pre-
sent, I buried toy injuries in silence, and resolutely checked
the public complaints of some literary friends, who were ac-
,l'uainted • and disgusted with the whole conduct I had ex-
perienced during the progress of use engagement.
Whether the jea(ousy of 'Mr. Kean, or the parsim.ny of
the pecuniary arkangrineitts of the Theatre, have closed the
dimes against me, I linow nut ; but they are ch4led. The Tea.
sons assigned are, I understand, that I am too proud, and
won't' not submit to Mr. Leah's authority. 11 by submissiun
to Mr. Kean's authority is meant slavery to his "caprice, I
own myself unfit for the abject task ; the 'pride of integrity
ch.dAi-ts to tread in the paths of hupacrisy and meanness, rrea
though self:intercst may pulat the road.
