SPIRIT OF THE PARISIAN JOURNALS.

The Constitutionnel examines the effecta likely to be
produced by the measures adopted in England for the
emancipation of the slaves. After expressing its admira-
tion at the state of credit in Great Britain, which can
allow an addition of 20,000,0001. sterling to the public
debt, and yet keep the Funds 10 or 12 per Cent. higher
than any securities in Europe, it expresses its opinion
that the new system will be so decidedly opposed in Ja-
maica and the other islands, that there is every probability
of a separation between the colonies and the mother
country, an event which it apprehends would not be inju-
rious to the E❑glish public, as it then would open the
market to the East India sugar, and thus get rid of the
immense tax now levied on the consumer for the produc.
tion of the West Indian colonists. But even if the
colonies should accept the measure, it considers
that the commercial relations between England
and the East Indies—which, under the new charter,
will be more important to the public than they
have ever }et been, must be bensfitted, because
the new system will enable the West Indian planters to
procure their sugars at less expense, and consequently
support a competition with the East Indies, even when the
protecting duties are materially reduced. In conclusion,
it adds, that the step taken by England must lead to the
adoption of a similar course by France and America, and
expresses its hope that no backwardness in paying the
necessary compensation to the slave-owners will intervene
to impel the total removal of the stain inflicted on the
civilized world, by the existence of slavery in any part of it.
A report, says the Courrier Francais, is current, that
the projected marriage between the Duke de Nemours and
Donna Maria, will not take place, because the young Queen
has openly declared her attachment to the Duke Eugene
de Leuchtemberg, brother of her august mother-in-law,
and that he alone shall he her husband. The Duke de
Leuchtemberg is of the family of Napoleon, and has al
ready been a competitor with the Duke de Nemours for
the throne of Belgium.

THE SHAH OF PERSIA'S PLATE.—TiIe
Shah of Persia possesses the most magnificent collection
of plate in the world. It consists of upwards of 4,000
utensils of gold, most of which are set with precious
stones or pearls. Among them are sets of spoons, vases,
cups, jugs, basins, dishes, &c. Some of the cups are so
heivy that when filled they cannot be lifted with one
hand. Perhaps the most remarkable portion of the col-
lection is a set of spoons, each a foot long. 'rhe bowls of
these spoons are of wrought gold, and the handles are
richly set with rubies, and terminated by large diamonds.
The immense size of these spoons is occasioned by the
Oriental custom of eating seated on the ground.

44 THE LABOUR WE DELIGHT IN PHYSICS
PAlN."—Last week a querist at Cowes, where smuggling
is sometimes came I on to a considerable extent, asked a
by-stan,?er what anitmls there worked the hardest, and
were the most contented with their labour? " Why
(r,!,died the by-stander), I should say the donkeys—for
they carry angels by day and spirits by night !"

- -
LONDON-BRlDGE.—Atnidst the variety of
new buildings at the north end of London-bridge, the
most conspicuous is Fishmongers' H ill, which stands on
the site occupied by the old Hall, a few feet west of the
Bridge. This structure forms a striking feature in the
improvements. It is quadrangular, with pillars of the
lonic order. The side next the river is distinguished by a
fine pediment and beautiful pilasters. The east side has
an admirable display of good architecture; and the whole
range of building, up to the roof, seems worthy to stand on
the same ground with the Monument arid other edifices
erected by the great Sir CHRISTOPHER WREN. At the
south end of the bridge the new commercial warehouses
:ire supported by cast-iron pillars of astonishing size, the
di meters being at least three feet. The foundries have
now achieved a proud triumph over masonry. These mas-
sive columns, east in the plain but useful Doric and Tuscan
orders, are considered to have more firmness and durability
than granite or marble. Since the erection of London
Bridge, the surrounding improvements have given to the
most confined and unhealthy streets of Southwark and the
city of London a total change of sci nery. The buildings
on the banks of the river, the fine opening of St. Saviour's
Church, the extension of the hospital, and the wide avenue
to St. Margaret's Hill, with the new houses, convey to
the passenger striking proofs of public spirit, riches, arts,
and industry. London Bridge, where so many objects of
the first importance may be seen at a single glance, is now
a part of London which foreigners and strangers to the
metropolis may visit with advantage.
