TO JOSEPH STURGE, ESQ.

SlR,—Permit an Englishman, and a recent tra-
veller in Texas, to submit to you a few dispas-
sionate remarks on the subject of Mr. O'Connell's
letter of the 26th of August, which is going the
round of the English newspapers. A publication
more replete with misstatements of fact and erro-
neous assumptions, or more mischievous in its
tendency, has been seldom laid before the public.
Mr. O'Connell insists, as a preliminary to the
recognition of Texas by the British Government,
that the Republic " consent that the slave trade
shall be deemed and treated as piracy." Now,
what is the fact ? A copy of the Texan Consti-
tution, printed at Houston, is in my possession,
and by an article in that document, the slave trade
is emphatically prohibited under the penalty affixed
to piracy. It is true that the planters of the
Southern States, divided by the Sabine river from
Texas, are permitted, as settlers, to bring their
slaves into the country ; but the removal to a more
productive soil, and healthier climate, operates fa-
vourably for the negro, who enjoys a much larger
portion of physical comfort than the unfortunate
peasantry of Ireland, or the overtasked population
of our manufacturing districts.
The " assent of Mexico" is also demanded by
Mr. O'Connell as a condition preliminary to the
recognition of Texas. After the rejection of the
overtures made by Texas, in May last, for the peace-
ful adjustment of differences, there is, I imagine,
only one way of obtaining this assent—namely, by
force of arms—to which the Texans have no wish
to resort, provided they are left unmolested. Should
they, however, be driven to adopt this course, per-
sons acquainted with their superiority over the
motley and semi-barbarous population of Mexicj
cannot entertain a doubt as to their ultimate ascen-
dancy.

It is impossible to surmise on what portion of
the Modem territory Mr. O'Connell would
" locate" his colony of free men of colour. He
speaks of placing it between the Texans and
the sea ; but, if he will examine a good map,
he will discove that the seaboard, from the Sabine
to the Rio Grande, is occupied by the Texans ;
and, further, if he will make due inquiries, he will
also find that towns have been built by this enter-
prising and intelligent people, and that a small but
efficient navy, commanded by an able officer, trained
in the excellent service of the United States, cruizes
in the Gulf of Mexico for their protection.

" The gang of land pirates," sayi Mr. O'Con-
nell, " who have settled themselves on the Mexi-
can territory, actually make negro slavery the
basis of their association, and propose to take
away from their intended Legislature the power of
abolishing domestic slavery." Foul names prove
nothing. If the worst allegation of Mexico and its
partisans against the Texans were admitted, their
offence would be of no darker hue than the occupa-
tion of Hindostan by the East India Company.
But the treatment which they received from Mexico
and its military despots fully justified them in strik-
ing for independence, which they did with reluc-
tance, and only for the protection of the rights
guaranteed to them by the Mexican Constitution of
1824. Negro slavery was not the basis of the
association of Texan settlers; but population being
essential to the very existence of the State, Ameri-
can planters were received on the only terms that
could induce them to transfer their capital to the
soil. As to the "intended Legislature," it has
been a reality since 1836, and its enactments for
the advancement of education, and the security of
persons and property, are in the highest degree
creditable to its wisdom and public spirit. The laws
regarding slavery are similar to those of the United
States—where Congress is destitute of the power
of legislating on the subject.
Mr. O'Connell talks of " permitting the Texans
to succeed in their odious scheme." Their inde-
pendence has ceased to be a question of permission.
It has been recognised by the United States, who
have a Minister at the capital and Consuls at the
seaports. The Republic will be speedily recognised
by France ; and its non-recognition by England,
while it may affect its credit as a new country for a
time, will operate still more injuriously on our
commercial interests, which are intimately inter-
woven with its prosperity.
I cannot believe that Mr. O'Connell could have
entertained " a very high opinion" of Santa Anna,
if he had known much of his character and proceed-
ings. An unprincipled intriguer, he has veered
through all points of the political compass—his
master motive being self-aggrandizement. He
abolished the Federal Constitution of Mexico,
and placed himself at the head of a party whose in-
struments of rule are superstition and the sword.
With 4,000 Mexicans he, after a protracted siege,
and with a loss of 1,500 men, succeeded in storming
the fort of Alamo, defended by 140 Texans, not
one of whom received quarter. When the body of
Major Evans, of the Texan artillery, was pointed
out to Santa Anna, he drew his dirk and stabbed it
twice in the breast. On another occasion, in con-
tempt of a treaty signed by his General, Urrea, he
massacred 400 Texan prisoners in cold blood. And
it is under the auspices of such a man that huma-
nity is invited to foster its projects, and to denounce
a people who, after these acts of atrocity, having de-
feated and captured him at San Jacinto, generously
granted him both life and liberty I
Compare the inhabitants of Texas and Mexico
—the former of the Anglo-Saxon race, the ci-
vilisers of the world—the latter a mixture of Spanish
Creoles, Mulattoes, Mestizoes, Aboriginal Indians,
Negroes, and Zamboes—the offspring of Negroes
and Indians. Education, rational religion, com-
merce, agriculture, and free institutions have found
a congenial soil in Texas ; in Mexico they are
the in hiset e t
e "Ram
of stifled by the grossest ignorance and superstition.
Charles Joseph Latrobe, an unexceptionable au-
thority, thus de-
scribes
No one who
has ever spent a month in Mexico will pretend to
say that its present state is flattering to the advo-
catesthbe "Rambles
country—"
inu ntr My—ex, i,ce, "
of Republicanism. He detects want of sys-
tem—want of public and private faith—want of
legitimate means of carrying on the Government,
of enforcing the laws, of maintaining order—total
absence of patriotism—general ignorance—indiffe-
rence to the value of education, linked to overwhelm-
ing arrogance and pride—an incredible absence of men
of either natural or acquired talent of any description,
and intolerant support of the darkest bigotry and
superstition. The meanest partisanship stands in
the place of patriotism. The Government of the
moment has not the power of effectually governing,
even if it had the desire. No party is trusted ;no
man in the country can command even the respect,
much less the co-operation of all. Why ? Because
self-seeking and aggrandisement are the purpose of
all. They vapour about patriotism, and know not
the signification of the word." To illustrate the
condition of the Mexicans as regards religion,
Mr. Latrobe mentions that he had heard as a fact,
that two English dray-horses
imported into Vera
Cruz were pelted with stones, and execrated as
heretical, by the populace, who would not permit
their owner to use them, until they had been brought
