LINCOLN GAOL.

Mr. D. GIDDY brought up a Report of the
Committee appointed to examine into the allega-
tions of the Petitions complaining of Abuses in
Lincoln Gaol.

The Report was read by the Clerk, and stated,
that in the course of their proceedings the Com-
mittee found that it would be indispensable to
call before them as witnesses, several persons con-
fined for Debt in Lincoln Gaol. Not being per-
fectly assured that the Sheriff would be warrant-
ed in bringing up those persons, without ,render,
ing himself liable to an action for . escape, the
Committee felt themselves in a difficulty, and
had thought fit to suspend their proceedings, un-.
til they should be instructed by the House how
to act.

Mr. D. GIDDY, in moving that the; Report
should lie on the Table,. repeated the reasons
which it assigned for the suspension of the jla-
hours of the Committee, and added, that the sub-
ject •was of such a complex nature, and would
require the examination of so many witnesses to
elucidate it, that in_ any case there was 'no pro-
bability that the CoMmittcte would be enabled to
finish those lahours in the course of the present
Session of Parliament.
The SEE-AKER felt it his ditty to state at once
that no doubt existed of the poWer of the House of
Commons to scud for any persons whatever, let
'them be in the eustedy of what officer soever ;
•the House would never endure, that its inquiries
should be impeded by the resi4anee of any subor-
dinate authority to such, a right. At the same
time, there might be cases in whichthe House
would use, their discretion with respect to the ex-
ercise of that power which. they undoubtedly pos-
sessed.

Mr. BROUGHAM expressed his dislike to any
proceeding ,which was calculated' to bring that
House into a Court of Law. lie instanced the
eve of Sir E. Price, who was summoned as a
witness befOre a Committee of the House of Com-
mons, on:a contested election, and maintained,
that the proceedings of the Court 'of King's
Bench, on that occasion, afforded a infe-
rence that the Judges of that Court did not think
that a Sheriff could plead-in bar to an -action for
escape, the warrant of the House of Commons,
ordering him to bring up his prisoner.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE was of opinion, that the
.doubts of the Committee ought ta he removed by
the instructions of the House.
TIISPEAKER repeated, that the House had ne-
ver tolerated such a doubt ; the practice had uni-
formly been that which he had already stated.
The House, indeed, ought to be unwilling to re-
ceive such a report from a Committee"; and he
humbly recommended to the House to re-commit
the report, in order that it might be re-considered.

This day the Lottery was contracted for at the
Treasury, .before,. the Earl of LIVERPOOL; the
CHANCELLOR of the Exctiz-aufn, and GOVERNOR
of. the'BANK. The biddiugs were--
nisi) and C0.‘15 10 6
Richardson and Co.". l5 3 4

Se:r.c conversation took place'last bight in the
House of Commons, on the subject of the' mili-
tary being called in to 'quell the dreadful riots at
Bristol, Sir FRANCIS BURDETT is to make a mo-
tion upon the subject this day. We are at A. loss
to COUCCiVe how any blame can be attributed co
tpe Arafjistrateon this occasion, unless the ap-
plication, for military assistance was unneces-
sarily.' made. It is true that an Act of Parli-
thent directs, that the troops should be remov-
ed :from places where an election is held. The
object of that law was to preserve the freedom
of election but that freedom maybe Violated' as
effectually, by a mob as by an armed force. 'As
long as :the peace of a town, in which an election
is going on, can be preserved by the civil power,
of course it would .he illegal to call in the
military but if a' mob, as in the case of
Bristol, should, in defiance of the civil power,
proceed to destroy the houses an 'endanger the
lives of his _Majesty's subjects, the Magistrates
are not only authorized,• but it is their • luty, to ap.
ply for military assistance.

We are glad to find, that tranquility has been,
in a great degree, re/stored at Bristol. The fol-
lowing is an extract of a letter which we received
this. morning :

" Bristol, July 2

The fear of the military has had the desired
effect, and yesterday evening passed without any
tumult. To-day they are proceeding quietly.—
HUNT, as you see by the state of the poll, has
not the slightest chance of success, yet he per-
sists in keeping open the poll.
State of the Poll on Wednesday Evening.
Davis 446
Hunt ll7

Polled this Day at Iralf-past Three o'clock.
Davis 245
Hunt

Total.

Davis.
llunt.

791
14Q

It mry not be amiss to draw the attention of
the public to the advantages which the prese:.t
low price of the Funds bolds out, not only in the
redemption.of Land Tax by such Proprietors 01
estates as may no already have redeemed their
Land Tax, but also in the purchase of Land Tax, as a
Tee farm rent upon another man's estate. tittle pre-
sentprice of the Funds, money so laid out will yield
n early 5 per cent. interest ,and if the Land Tax should
1)e purchased as fee farm -rent upon another 'man's
estate, will also give to the purchaser aright of
voting for the election of Members of Parliaoient'
for the 'county,
,if the annual amount of. land-tas.
purchased shall:be 40ts. or upwaidS ; 'and with this.
advantage over other freehold annuities and fe."
farm rents, which give a right of voting, that
it need not tie registered with the Clerk of.
the Peace for the County, 'and therefore wOnia
'intitle the purchasers to vote, .if purch,asej
.p.t any time before the Election. This is providel
for by an Act of the last 'Session of Parliament'
"(chap.,99) of which the publicmay not general!!
be aware, and therefore we have subjoined an e'l**;
tract of it Be it enacted, that in order to en-
title 'any person to vote at anEleetion for a 24eild
her of Parliament, in respect of Land-tax so nut'
chased as aforesaid, it shall net be necessary to 113°
the same, or any memorial of the contract or.
certificate 'of the purchase thereof, registered I's
other fee-farm rents and annuities, or a memorial
of the grant thereoi, as required by law to be re"
. -
giAtered before any person can vote for electing
liemhz'r of Parliament in respect thereof."

The PRINCE REGENT' last night gave a sulTiPi
tuous entertainment to a splendid assemblage a
visitors at Carlton House.

Airs. PERCEVAL has reinoVed from Downink3.-
street, to Ealing.
Mr. Serjeant. SirEPHERD is to be appointed S?
lieitor-General to the PRINCE' REGENT as 3)4 lie
of Cornwall.
The Marchioness of IJERTFoRD gave a Fi•
entertainment, on Wednesday, at her hout.,e
Manchester-square.

The Oinriium, yesterday, continued at a
miurn of i-..per Cent. •
A letter from Memel, of the. 12th of June, I°s
been received, from which' we make the followio6
important extract A traveller is arrived ju
this city, wh6 passed through the Russian arrnics.
he represents them as being of the most formi;
dable nature, both as, to numbers, and the InariTlc,:,
in which they are equipped arid provisioned. 1,1 y/"
adds, that they have constructed four cutrenci'.
camps, the one behind the other, and that ei
case of being dislodged from the first of thel'i;
it is so constructed trmt they can retreat to tl}
next without the pos'ibility of their -ceing cut ();
as tire second affords ample security to the
treating army. The French, at all events, co,-
not pO'ssibly posses's themselves of the four e:t
trenched camps, :without the- 'sacrifice at `c;(1
50,000 men. It is rumotired that France
Austria. meditate the partition of the Prassi
territory between them."

From Malta it is stated, that a grand proceol
took place at Palermo, on the 15th-of May,
that there were great rejoicings - to celebrate L ,
i
liberation of ,'some, hundreds of Sicilian subiec 'of
who had been detained in slavery by the BeY of
Tunis, but were released -at the intercessi°n
Lord WILLIAM BENTINCK. When the late 5i1,8n
who made a part of the procession, caille:°rj;
posite the window in 'which his LordshiP v .
sitting to view it, they all fell on their knees, gice
expressed their gratitude in the mast impress"

manner. try
The match made between the .horses S°°bot
sayer and Ilydaspes, for the second Oct° B.-
Meeting for 500 guineas, 'is off by mutual °°'
sent. ._
The following matches are also off:--o"Yrtt,
against Jolter, 200 guineas; First October Nees,
ing.: and, Ilydaspes against Maria, 300 gain'
for the Houghton Meeting. 426
At the Newcastle Races; on Thursday se'nt'i°/1
just as the race was finished, the teinP°'.lig
stand belonging to `the White Hart Inn, bctlbe
loaded with about 200 persons, gave way
middle, and involved nearly 100 in the crano
-About forty persons were seriously hurt, an 0,
or twelve most dangerously, several of them .'ci,
ing broken limbs. Mr. Redhead, sen. of Bich c;
had• his thigh broken; Mrs.. Blackbird, of rie:ll,
bottle, a leg and thigh'; Mr: Fidler, a _
man, a leg 3 a pitman, called the Duke, an a"dier:
'S. H. Vane's groom, a leg ;: Mr. Moffatt, found vo
and several others, *ere Much hurt, but had
limbs broken. • '•
54'•
The death of the late Ra-iiinD 16RwA.14'
Occasioned a vacancy in the Office of Presiue-:‘,'
the Dublin Library. The candid:tes were,
CURRAN, and the Bishop of CLO YNE, and, str,'
to tay, The former succeeded against the le3l/
and aniiable Prelate, by a majority of 300 to 9
ti,
it is said that Mr. and Mrs. C. KENtALE ei)te°r'
re-engaged at Covent (.4arden Theatre. T1)-,, td,
mer was in treaty with the Drury-Lane
lilte as lie could not procure an engagement '°r
f: of'
wife also he -naturally preTerred a renewal, ° tbo'
tides at Covent-Garden.' But it is said ais°
Mr. YOUNG is .to succeed to Mr. ETE.-NIBLF,'
ratters ;" if this should indeed be the intenue°
rangement, it will sow the seeds of disconten', to
C: KF:INIBtE, according to report, exPecte,.;:er,
Succeed to the chief characters of his 10%,10'
when the latter should retire, or remove t°
ther Theatre. , .01/t'
At Morpeth,Market, on Wednesday, sennirl.s‘
,
we had a great supply of cattle, sheep, a2u,:-,110"
Being a great demand, fat sold readily. rd,/
many inferior' stood long, and part not s° ;or
Beef sold from Bs, 6d. to 9s. 6d. per stone, 5. t
ing ofils. Mutton, 98. to 9s. 4d. - Lamb, n
IN. Wheat from .1445. to 168 s. per q`.l;
Aye, 965. Oats, 58s. 6d. to 66,
