MR: SMITH T 9 MR. PINCKNEY.

" Department of State,
"SI R.:. • • ' May 22,
" Your dispatch of the 27th of by the
British 'packet, way received on the 1701 9(
mouth. • . •

" President- lias.:read..xvitli•• surprise and re-
gret the answers ot „Lord, •IVellesley to your letter
ot. the-2d of lannary, and. also -his .ieply to your
note requiring...explanations with respect to the
blockades of France. The one indicates pan appa-
rent indifference .as.to. the charader of the diploma=
Lie intercourse betwep • the • two countries, and the
:•ther e,vitices.,an• inflexible determination to petse-
liere in their system of blockade.
"'lnc prc4,isiou made for the 'diplomatic agency.
WitiCli 'is ;to -succyed,that of Mr. Jackson; Mani.
tests a dissaiistafilbn. at the step nece,sarily takep
here with. regard ..to that r Minister, and at the
same time a.. diminution of the - report here.
tofore ,attached to the diplomatic relations be-
tweet', the two countries. However pertevering
the. .President may be in the conciliatory dispo-
sition which la:ts :constantly governed Itim,• he
cannot. ,be inattentive to such 'an apparent de.
parorre•; from it on the other side, nor• to the,
clwy impottd on ,him. by the rules of equality and
reciprocity" applicable in such cases. it will be
very agreeaole to , him to find that the .provision in
question 'is intended merely to afford time for a sa-
tistactork choice of •a. Plenipntentiary successor to
. Mr, Jackson, • and that the mode of carrying. it into
effed may be equally uoexceptionable. :But. whilst,
from the language of the Marquis Wellesley, with
respect to the designation of a Charge d'Atitair4, and
from the silence as to any othersuccessor to tlLe re-
cared Minister, it is left to be interred' that the for-
mer alone is in contemptation, it. becomes 'proper to
ascertain what are the real views of the., British Go-

vernment on the occasion ; and'should.they• be such
as they are inferred to, be, to meet them by a corre-
spondent change in the diplomatic establishment of
the United Slates at London. The President relies
on your discretion for obtaining the requisite know-
ledge of _ this snbjeci, in a•manner 'that will do jus-
tice to the friendly policy which the United States
wisli to be reciprocal in,every instance netween the
two nations. But in the event of its appearing that
the substitution of a Charge d'Affairs fora Nlinister
Plenipotentiary is to be a continuance not required
or explained by the occadon, and consequently juS-
tfying the inference drawn. from the letter of Lola
Wellesley, the resped which the United States owe
to themselves will require' that you. return to .the
United States, according to the permission hereby
given to the Pt% sideni, leaving charged with the bu,
fatless of the Legal on such ,person as you may deem
most fit for the trust. With this, view a commis..
slot), as required by a statute of the last sossloo, is
hereby enclosed, with a blank for a Secretary of Le-
gation. But this step you, will not consider yourself'
as instrp&ed to take,. in case. you should have cum-
-4'141u:ed.., with a presi;e4.ll"al a satisfaCtory result,
the negociations authorisiA by my letter of the 20th
of January.

In a letter of the 4th of this month, I trans-
mitted to .you a copy of the .4.a of: Congress, at
their last Seision, concerning the commercial inter-
course between the United Stites- and Great Britain
and France. You will hereith receive another
copy of the same A. In the tenni) Section of this
statute yod will perceive a new modification of the
policy of the United States, and you will let it be
understood by the'Britisft Government, that this pro-
vision will be duly carried into (Vett on the part of
the United States.
• .1' .A satisfactory adjustment of the Affair of the
Chesapeake is very deSirable. The views of the Pre-
sidenLupon this delicate subject you may collect, net
only from the' ustructions heretotbre given' to you,
but from the sentiments that had been manifested
.on ilie.pah of this Government in the discussion with
Mr. lose, and .-frog the terms and Conditions con-
tained in the arrangement made
.with' Mr. Erskine.
Vinci conformable with these views, thus to be col!-
lected, you will ctunider yourself hereby instructed
to negociate and conclude an arrangement with the
.British,Government in relation to the attack on the
Chesapeake.--1 have the honoUr to be, &c.
(Signed) B. SMITH."

OR. SMITH TO MR. PENCENNY,

"..Department of State, lute, s, Into.
" SlA—Your'severil letters of the eth and gth
of April, and 2d and 3d of May, have been re-
ceived. ' •
• ", Whilst it was not known on the one hand, how
far the French Government would adhere to the
apparent import of the condition,' as first communi-
cates!, on which the Berlin Decree would.berevok-
ed, and on the other hand, what explanations would
be given by the British Government with respztt to
its blockades, • prior to that Decree, the course
deemed proper to be'taken was that 'pointed out in
my !Otter to you of Nov. t 1, and in that to Gen.
Armstrong of the Ist of December. The precise
and formal declaration since made .by 'the Freneh
Government, that the.condition was limited to the
blockades of France, or ports of+rance, of a date
prior to the kerlui Decree, and the acknowledg-
ment of` the. British Glvernment of the existence of
such blockades, part icelarly that of May, 1 806,with
a failure to revoke it, or even to adroit the construc-
tive extinguishment of it, held in your letter to the
Marquis Welles'ey, give to the.suntetta new aspect
and a decided Character..
" As the British G o ve rnment had constantly al-
leged that the Berlin Decree was the origin -1 ag-
gression on our neutral commerce ; that her Orders
in Council were but a retaliation on • that Decree ;
and had, moreover,. on that ground asserted an obli-
gation ba the United States to take etfeetual men-
sure against the Decree, ale preliminary to the re-
peal of the Orders, nothing could be more reason-
able than to expect, that the condition,: in the shape
last presented, would be readily accepted. The Pre-
sident., ts therefore equally disappointed and dis-atis-
fled at the abortiveness ofeyour correspondence with
Lord Vellesley_on thieimportaut subject. He en-
Pzely approves the determination you took to. resume
it with a view to the special and immediate obliga-
tion. lying on the 'British - Govertmeen to cancel the
illegal blockades ; and you are instructed in case the
answer to your letter of the 30th of April should not
be. satisfactory, to represent to the British Govern-
mum, in terms temperate but explicit, that toe
United States considered themselves authorised by
strict and unquestionable, right, as well es supported
by the principles heretoforee-applied by Great Britain
to the case, in claiming and expecting a revocatiou
0(114.116,gal blockades of Frauce, of a date prior to
that of the Berlin Decree, as preparefory to a tuettler
demand of the revocation of drat_ Decree:,
`t It ought not to be presented, that' the British'
Government. in
.reply.to such a representation, will
contend that a blockade like. that of May, iSuti,
from the Elbe to ilrest,' a coast of not less than
I,oeo miles, pteclalmed four years since, «ithout
hiving been at arty time attempted to be duly exe-,
cuted by the application of a naval force, is a block-
ade conformable to the law of nations, awl eutisist-.
ent with the neutral eights. Stich a eretence is'
completely barred,- not only 'by
.the unanimous eu-
thorities, both of writers andlreaties on this,point,
not excepting 'even British treaties; hut by the
rule of bleCkade communicated by that Govern-
ment to ails,_ in the year 1809, iii which it is laid
duwn, that orders have been given not to coneider
any blockade of those islands (Martinique eraGia;
ttaloupe) is-existing, unless in respect io particular
pieta which may be actually invested.; and then eye
to capture vessels bound to such ports, unless they
shall have previously, been warned not to enter them,
and that they (the Lords of
,the Admiralty) bad alio
sent the necessary directions on the subject to the
Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the West
Indies and Atuerica.
In this'coinneunication it is expressly stated that
the rule to the British Courts of Admiralty was tar-
nished in' cotisequence.of the. tepresentations made
by the Government of the United Slates 'against
blockades, not , unlike that now in question, and
with the expressioe of rediessing the grievance com-
plained of, Nor ought it to be presumed' that the
British Government will formally resort to the plea
that her naval force, although unapplied, is ade-
quate to the enforcement of the blockade of May,
1806, end that this forms a legal distinction between
that and the Berlin Decree o(November following.
Were lt adMitted that an adequate force existed, and
was applicable to sach a purpose, the absurdity' of
confounding the tower to do a thing, with the
actually doing- of it, speaks for itself. In the pre-
sent.case, thteabsurdity is peculiarly striking—a port
hleckaded ,by sea, without a ship near it, being a
cow:l64lton in terms, as well as a perversion of
law and of common sense.
From the-language of • Lord Wellesley's two let-
ters, it is possible he may endeavour to evade the
Measure required, by subtle comments on the posture
given to the blockade of May, t 806, by the suc-
ceeding 'order& of 1907. But even twit: lie is met
by the case of blockade of Copenhagen and other
ja of ZLialand in the year 1808—at a time when
these, with all Danish ports, were embraced by
these orders of 1807: a proof that, however the
orders and blockades maybe regarded es in some
resped:s the safue, they are regarded in others atchat-
ing a dititinet operation, and may Consequently co-
exist, vv,ithout being absolutely Merged in, or super-
seded the one by the other.
" In the difficulties w.hich the Britisl'Govern-
ment must feel in finding a gloss for the exlt-aye-
gattt principle of her paper blockades, it may per-
{tees wish to , infer an acquiescence, on the part of
this Governmente front , the silence under which
they have, in. some instances, passed. ShoUld a
di,position to draw such an inference slieW
you will be able to meet it by an appeal not only to
successful remonstrance in the letter to Mr. Thorn-
ton, above cited; .but the answer given to Mr.
Merry, of June, of the notification of a block-
Toe in the year 1806, as a. precise and authentic Ilk-
cord of the light in which inch -blockades and the
eeeeceee, of them were viewed by the United
States; "copies of the answer have been heretutOre
forwarded, and another is now inclused,'ai an addi-
tional preceution against miscarriage. .
‘i Whatever may be the answer to the representa-
tion and erequisition which you are instructed to
make, you will traiiiinit it withouttielay to this a:-
pal-MIMI. Should it be of .a satisfaelory 'nature,
you Will hasten to forward it also to the diplomatic
tuuctienaly of the United Siatee at Paris, who will

be, instructed to make a proper use of it for °Wining
a repeal of-the French D cree and io pro.
ceed, currently with you,
sive removals by the two Govern:rents of their pre-
dat dry Edicts. •

"favail myself of this occasion to state to you,
that it is deemed of great importance that our Mi-
nisters of Foreign' Courts, I.;nd especially at Paris and
London, 'should be kepi, the one by !he other, in-
formed of the state of otfr 9ffairS at each.
" I have the honour, tkc .
(Signed) " R, SMITE;.'
William Pinckney, Esq..&c. &c. &c.

GENERAL ARMSTRONG TO THE DUKE OP CADORE.

• Paris, Sept. 7, Igto.
Ste—Your Excellency will not think we impor-
tunate if I should employ the latest moinent's (it my
stay in Paris in seeking an explicit declaration on
the following points. Ist, 'Has ihe\Decree of his
_ _

Majesty of fhe 23d or March last, enlotiltog, at is
lepri,alscraityst the cotnruerce of ti,e United States;

on. account of th.;ir 'of non-nitereow3e,
been recalled ? cJ. What will,be the operatio• (on
the vessels of the United States) 'of his Atli sty's
Decree of July last, forbidding the departure of neu-
tral ships from ports o( France, unless prnvide4
with Imperial licenses or ship ltenses, merely sub-
.

, .
stituted for clearances; or do they preset ibe-regula •
Lions, to he observedby the holders of therm, within
,
the jurisdi<iion of .the United States ?, Do they
confine the permitted intercourse to two point's only
of the United States ; and do they enjoin, !hit all the
shipments be made ori French account exclu.ivrly
it his-Majesty's will, that the seizures made in

the rorti ni Spam and other places, on the prin-
ciples of reprisal, shall become a subjeci of present
or future negociatlen between the two Govern-

[penis / I neetl not suggest to yotir Ext.elleney the
interest both Governments have in the answers that

may be given to these ,questions; and how nearly
connected they are with the good understanding
'which ought to subsist between them. After the
great step lately taken .by his Majesty, towards au
accommodation of differences, we are not at liberty
to suppose that any new, consideration will arise,
which shall either retard,or prevent the adoption of
Me3sures" necessary to a full restoration. of the

commercial intercourse and frient4 relations of the
two powers, I cannot omit 'expresl/2ing, on this
occasion, the Pense I shall carry with me, of tba

many obligations -I am persOnally under to your
Excellency, and of the very high consideration .vith
which I
have the hOnOur to be your most Obedient
and humble serVant,

" J. ARMSTRONG. 7.

. (Signed)
THE DUKE OP CADnitE TO GENERAL ARO:IATRONG.

•
(TRANSLATION.)
Paris, Sept. 12, ale.
" Six,--I have received your letter of the 7th
September. That which I wrote to you -on ;the
same day answered the first of the questions you pnt
to me. Twill add to:what I had theohonour to 'write
w'you, that the Decree of the 2'3401 Malch.. 'lB iGtip
which ordered
,reprisals in conseqoenee of the Aft of
Congrehos• of the Ist of March, tdi g, wasfrppealed
as anon as we were. informed of the repeal Of
Non-inters ourie passed agaidSt. France. Oil -pair
second question I hasten to declare to you, that
American vessels loaded with .merchandize, thn
growth of tlie American Provinces, will lie received
without ditliculiy in the ports 01 France,' provided
they have not surf-red their flag to lose its national
character by submilting to the A.s of the BOitsts
Council ;. they may in•like manner depart from the
ports of France. The Emperor' has
to American vessels.' It is the only thigwhiich bas
obtained theM. In thk hiS Kieriiy has itittlicied to
give a proof, Of the respect he loVes• to' shew the
Americans. If he is somewhat dissatisfied that they
have not ss yet been able to succeed in causing their •
flag to be respected, at least he sees with picasuret
that they pre, far from. acknowledging .the tyrannic
principles 'of English legislation. The , American
vessels which may be loaded on account of French-
men, or on adeonnt of Americans, will .be admitted
into the ports of France. As to the merchandise
confiscated, ,it having been, confiscated, as a mea-
sure of reprisal, the principles of reprisal must be
the law in that affair. I have the 'honour to
new to you 4 Sir, the assurances of my high con-
sideration.
(Signed) . " CHAMPAGNI, Duke de Cadore."
. in a. letter from Mr. Smith to Mr. Pinckney,
dated sth July, he says,--" In explaining the ex-
tent of fepeal required from England, let it. be
d;slinaly understood, that it mon necessarily in.
elude an annulment of the Blockade of May, 1006,
which b identified, with the Orders of Counna, and
which is palp ibly at variance with the Laws of Na-
tions." He adds, " Without this, the French Go-
vernment will draw the United States •and Great
_Britain to issue, on the legality of the Blockades,
by acceding to the Aa of Congress, with a condi.
.tion that a Repeal of the Blockades shall,accompany
a Repeal of the Orders in Council."
Mr. Smith to Mr. Pinckney, July sth and July
17th. Mr. Smith to Mr: Pinckney, Oct 19th.'—
These' relate to the repeal of 'the French Decree's i
expea the reaciticliog of the British Order's in Coun-
cil, and a renunciation of paper blockades, which
the Administration, 'from London papers,. suspects
may not take "'place. • Mr. Pinckney is ordered to
.press. on the' British ~Government, that Congress
may be induced not
.to wait three months for their
decision. .Mr. Pinckney is again ordered to return,
unless the orders are rescinded; and there is an ex-
peaation of aceommodation. His stay °rotten) is
left to his, owojudgrnent.
A letter from Mr. Smith to Mr.' Pinckney, Nov.
15, 'lBlO, in which Mr. Pinckney's keintions are,
declared soipended, Unless a Minister by sent front
England. The ,tame of .his return is left to his own
discretion.
Letter from Mr. 'Sniith to General Armsttbng,
subsequent to the arrival of the John Adoirs, relating
the-,seizure. of American property,, • and expressive
Of itutignation at • the coodna of the Duke of Ca‘
dare. Several cat tier letiera from Mr. Smith.
Letters from Mr, Pinckney to Mr. Smith.
General Armstrong's letters and correspondence
with. Cbainpaigny, the crocuments relative to West
Fl-rida, and those concerning a misunderstanding
with Tunis.

e
.11

1' 1 I S- N.

tiOLI.NI QIILS DlCim RAI SUM AUMILA r ?

L N 0 0 .1,
SATUIZ DAY, JANIIA,RY tg, kw.

Ite was yesterday:

i .
: ,

'V
I

'
AI asy x 6-1 DUNit), I NV.it,!i -
List'f•olio. ► Waterford..

Alticaz sirocKs
41% RAY A T 11.1-Y It O'CLOCK '
COTI9OII 66i ed - 67 i ()minium 3.1 4dis

. ,
‘Viniisor Castle, lan.ig, 1811:
44 Hig MriJESTV col,fintesyery inueli the same

Signet! as .usual.

The RegoneY 13,11 yesterday passed through .the
Committee in the House of Commons :. it Will be
reported on Monday', *yid ti third time on Tues."
day, and sent up to ti Lords. either on that ()tithe
fellowing day.- The 0, position appear to be eager-
ly looking forward to the final -passing of the Dill,
as the period when they are to be invested with
place and. power. Whether their hopes will be re-
Mixed or nor,
,or whether the arrangements for a
new Administration have been made, we,' really do
not kbow. According to ,some accounts, LordGakN•
VILLE is to resume his office of Premier ; 'according
to others, both his Lordship and Lord GitEY are to
serve under Lord r HOLLAND. 111i4 arrangement
'voted, to use Corporal Trim's language, he • " put-
ting One man.sadly over 'the head of another ;" but
such is the report. We, however, cannot avoid in-
dulging the hope that the speedy recovery of l'lts.M/0.
,YRITY will frustrate all the speculations of the
Parry, and save the Country from the disgrace
as well as the danger of those Measures whicli,
if we' may judge from their language; they
would be disposed to recommend. .We allude par-
tit:Wady to the .(165iSlatiCC given by Great Britain t
Spain and Portugal,-,an assistance Which has been as
honourable to the charader, as it ,11T4 been bench-
dal to the interests of Great Britain. The party,
many of them, at least,' if we may judge from
their language, would: have quietly beheld the
French overran the Peninsula, they would have
seen the inhabitants reduced. to slavery, without
attempting to' interferes—They who are con-
stantly telling us of We power, the skill, and the

resources of BuortsrA Rya, wonid have seen him
take possession of all the ports of Spain and or.
tugal, without making an effort to prevent him ; and
upon the seine- principle we may presume they
would now recommend that this Country should,
in violation of the moll solemn promises and
the most •hacred -engagements, as. well as "in.
onptosilion ,to is dearest interes.s, withdraw 'fiver;
.the Continent, and 'leave the Peninsula to. its
fate.' The Morning Clironiile of this day says,
that Lord,WaLGINGTODI has written home for, sup-
plies, and adds, chat Ministers cannot send them, be-
esese " troop are %wrote) iur Ireland, and Mere is
no saying, during a war with an enemy so active as
fIuoNAPAITH, how 600t1 they may be wanted in
,England." But lest this alarming threat, of invasion
should not be sufficient to prevent reinforcements from
being sent to Lord WrILLINGTON; It adds another,
and certainly a very conclusive argument, which is,
that we have-no reinfoicements to send.—" As
" SOCins" says the Chronield, " as Parliament can pro-
" cued to general bn,iness, we trust a serious ingtiirY
4 will b© made, into the state of our army, %hen
" we, believe it will be found to consist chiefly of a'
brand Military Sol J."..-Indeed! this is very rne-
lanet.oly intelligence; but we do not think that it
is very patriotic, after stating that " there is no say-
ing hoar soon BUONAPARTH may invade us;" to pro-
ceed to inform him, that we have no'artny to opPost
hum. We should have no objection to such an in-
quiry; nor should we have any apprehension as
to the result. We hupe and trust; however,
that if any change Should unfortunately take
place at home, that the honour of this Conti-
try will not be violated, Mid its best interests sacri.
fleet!, by an abandonment of the cause of the Nl*
.0101111: . •

American Papers to the 16th have been received.
thqy contain some more details of the.Negociations
between Ame,ritm nod the Belligerents. It does not
sqp,:ail, as we were. rather exultingly told some
time ago, that BUONAPAIIEK has removed all
emundri of difference with America ; 'it is quite
obvious' that General AIirfiSTUONG placed. no
contiJr.nce in the professions -.of the French
Go,crnment, and we do not think that any Arne-
rie.in 'merchant, who ha 3 a due sense of his own
iftrvrer, will: he very 'ready to risk his property
upon iltrOs4p.taTE'q promises.. With respeol to this
Country, it is proper to ewer ve, that' America :not

,jiVNDON a file I*-I•ICHA
ax the SutuOvf

only requites the reseindlng of the Order 3 in Council
issued by the .present Ministers, but those of Janu-
ary 1807, issued by Lord GRENVILLE'S Administra-
tion ; we hope this circumstance will put a•stop to
the party clamours which have been raised about
the necessity, of repealing the Orders in Council:

It is with much pleasure that we record. a fact
respecting the improvement of litsAtursTy's.
hoalth, which we did not cornmunieite yesterday
upon report, bUt which we have fully ascertain-
ed, vie, that: our, good KING was able -to en-
jor seine degree of, exercise, in the open 'air, on
Thursday last, hai'ing walked on, the Terrace,
accompanied by Drs. 1%1'1,1.1E, FIEUERDE,N, and.
WILLIS, for about halt drt hour. We feel
.mach
gratificatioti :n bein.g able to state that this exertion
seemed to be highly. pleasing to His MAJESTY, and
rendered him cheerful for the remainder of the day.

Yesterday being the Anniversary on 'which her
111-AsEsTY's Birth-day is usually celebrated, instead
of the 19th of May, the same was partially observ-
ed in the 'Metropolis, the 'morning being ushered in
with the rin;;ing, ni bells; were displayed on the
steeples and public building. Nriiht..r the Park IRA.
Tower guns were fired, nor any uemonstration of
joy generally Observed by the Court. The report
contOues 10 be circulated, that the QUEEN Will hold'
a Drawing-room on the 18th of February, being
four days after the Court Mourning. •
.The celebration of Heu MAJ usTy's Birth-day was
yeSterday observed in a private manner at Wifidsor.
The Dukes of KENT and CamnatoG it arrived' there
early in the morning ; the . Duke and Duchess 01
YORK, and the Duke —LARENCR, followed Win
alter; to spend the day with the QUERN/. The Prince
Of WALES was expected time otiongh to dine Willi
tints MAJESTY and the rest Of the family, to Mtn-
memoreau the d.ey,ons4hick it ites been us,ally ce-
lebrated. The CAVERN and Princess• ELM/Mol
took an airing to Froginere Lodge and Garden's, af-
ter breakfast.

The Princess SOPHIA has been very much indis•
posed for these three days past, with a violent attack
of the spasms, which has confined her Royal High-
ness to her apartments. . The Princess 11(411Y is
nearly recovered,. but has not ventured out yet, on
account of .the variable state of the weather.
Letteis iron) 'COrunna of 28th ult, were yes.
terdity received. They state that " ltduovales With
at Luarca (twelve leagues fiom Oviedo), on the 22d,
and was to march in conjnixtion with the other,
corps destined tor a general attack on 't lie enemy on
the e4th. le is added that General Bonnet had re-
ceived ordeis to retire 'into Castile.—Two Lawyeg,
of eminence, had been arrested on a charge of disat •
tection." •

INDIA liousE.Yesterday a Court of :Directors
Wa,i held, when the fullowing Commanders took
le;.ve of the Court previous to cteparting fur their re-
spoctive destinations, viz.

Captain F. (;aillard, Union,• St. Helena and Bengal.
Captaia I'. Barker, Nbrinampton, Bombay anti Bengal.
Captain H. CHslsTornsn,, was sworn into the
command of the ship Sir W. Pultiznay, consigned to
Atidv.ira, *Liras, and Bengal.

EXTRACT CIF it LETTER FROM' A Byrnsn OFFICER

" CA IiTA.X(), Dec. 2,B.—Yesterd.ty a deserter
came in here, who states himself to be a_ Portuguese
by birth, anti employed in theComniissariat depart-
meta of the French airny, with. I:llnier's corps,.
which occupies Salitarein. According to his.oc-
count, that corps.has only provisions for eight days
in the magazines it Sant:iretn. The. army general-
ly stares for want of provisions. The enemy have
collets I boats upon the• right bank of the Tagus )
and, it is believed, they propose throwing a bridge
across that river, about eight miles below the mouth
of the Zeiere, for the purpose of passing into the
province of Altritijo and that a general Movement
of the army is expected to take phee 'on the 6th
of January, but he knows not with what view—:.
whether to advance, or retire: So says the de-
serter.

" Positive intelligence ,has been received, that
Drouet's is in motion. They were at Celerieo on
18th, and at Servia on the 23d ; so that it they are
athially coming forward they most by this time 'be
near uniting with the main body of the army. The
following is understood to be the preseat distribu-
tion of the 'French- army i--The 2d. corps (Reg-
nier's) at Santarem; the Gth (Ney's) at Torrea
Novas7and in the neighbourhood of that place ;'the
h (Junes) at- or near Golegan Massena's head-
quarters ate at Torres Novas; he is said to be on
bad terms with all his Generals, except Loison and
Frerion, the Chief of the Staff."

On Saturday morning last, the stage.waggon be.
twixt Lincoln and Horncastle, was robbed, iii sop.
posed by some passengers, of a handkerchief, which
contained 2051, in. bills from the Lincoln bank: The
handkerchief was tbunli at a stir t' distance from
Midge inn, with the way.bilr in it, but the thief
was tied.

Last night, about half-past eight o'clock, '0 6e
broke out en the ,warehouses of a sugar-baker, at
Puddle-Dock, Upper Thames street. Notwithstand-
ing the numerous engines that were'employed, and
the utinos,t exertions-on the part of the firemen, the
whole of the premises were con,urned in the course
of two hems The conflagration did not extend
beyond the stack of buildings in which it coin-
t»eticed.
. MARLBOROUGH. STR err.—A woman of the name
,of Coben, housekeeper`and cook to the HOU.' Rich-
ard Walpole, was charged with embezzling nearly
2001. which she had obtained-of Mrs.,Walpole;
pay bill*. IL appeared in evidence, that the pri-
soner bad been .nine years in her service, in which
her huqband WAS footman. A letter from cne of
the tradestricn,,having,reached Mrs. Walpole, in
the absence of the prisoner, led to her defection.
The 141$011CC6 htn,b:ind, who hail been in custOdy,-
Was liberated) but she was fully commiticd for trial

RD, Ft JOS, r 1 Ni. 4. hirtlidt-enutt, l'ow -Witt i and 141,411
let, No, 113, wV.4re Advertirements, Orden
