- 104-e.l-7-p+7:-)7, -
firbr
__l4"."`,;:t4-1?",* *lll4.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 16, 1829.

We cannot but think that Mr. O'CONNELL
has been hardly dealt with. 'When he entered
the House last night, in the expectation that he
would have been enabled to take his seat, or at
any rate to be heard at the bar of the House,
should obstacles be thrown in his way, he was
informed by the SPEAKER that he must with-
draw, and this, upon the subtle and quibbling
point that he had been elected previously to the
passing of the late Act in favour of the Catho-
lics. On this—we repeat the phrase—quibbling
point he was desired to take the former oaths—
those very oaths, the injustice of which have
caused their repeal, and which for any active
purposes are therefore no longer in existence.
Of course Mr. O'CONNELL refused to comply
with such terms, and was in consequence ordered
to withdraw. Now, without entering into
the small technicalities of the case, without
nicely balancing the forms and ceremonies
of the House, on a question, which from
the peculiar circumstances connected with
it, it is next to impossible can ever form
a precedent, we shall look at it in a more
enlarged point of view, as a matter of com-
mon sense and good feeling. When Mr. PEEL
first brought forward his Bill for the Emancipation
of the Catholics, he laid particular stress on
the generous and manly spirit that dictated it.
This part of his argument, for which, in com-
mon with the majority, we gave him great credit
at the time, he laboured with considerable effect.
The Catholics, he said, demanded justice, they
deserved it, and should be paid twenty
shil-
liugs in the pound. Such, though not,
perhaps, in the same words, was the tenor
of his famous conciliation speech—such too
was the spirit of his reply. But how has
this been followed up ? Why, by—we must
say it—an ungenerous attempt to strangle in the
petty meshes of the law a question which should
be decided only by common sense. To emanci-
pate the Catholics, yet still seek to protract the
slavery of the very man to whom, in a great
measure, such Emancipation has been owing,
seems to us almost to neutralize the courteous
and lofty spirit of the boon. In our view
of the case it carries an air of personality along
with it. The leaven of a vindictive spirit seems
mixed up with it—the cloven foot is manifest.
Mr. O'CONNELL has forced us to emancipate
the Catholics ; he has brought us to that dread-
ful pass, that we have all but lost our places,—
' nay, more, he has compelled us to separate from

6 old fifties, the Ultra Tories, and we will
therefore avenge our own embarrassments, and
the tears of JOHN Lord ELDON, on his
obnoxious person. Such are the sentiments
which, should he; Mr. O'CONNELL, be sent
back to be re-elected for Clare, will, we fear, be
said by the more reflective portion of the public to
have influeinced the conduct of Government. On a
technical point of law, they may, perhaps—though
even this is doubtful—be defensible ; but such
technicality should not be suffered for an instant
to interfere with, or cloud the glory of an Act
like that of Catholic Emancipation, by which,
in after ages, it will be the chief boast of the
nineteenth century to have been distinguished.

While Mr. O'CoNNEL L stood at the table
of the House, he required the Property Qua-
lification Oath to be administered to him, which
was refused ; and as that oath must be taken
before any man speaks as a Member, Mr. O'Corr-
NELL withdrew at the SPEAKER'S command,
which he otherwise would have replied to as a
matter of right.

If any of our readers wish to see the legal
point of the question regarding Mr. O'CoN-
NELL'S eligibility, or otherwise, to sit in Parlia-
ment, discussed, we refer them to an article in
the Morning Chronicle, inserted in our columns
of to-day.

The French Journals contain no news of mo-
ment. The Journal du Commerce states that
a Congress at Rome is seriously thought of,
and speculates on the probable subject of dis-
cussion there.

The Smithfield Bill is, we are glad to find,
thrown out. The situation of this Market is
such an insufferable nuisance, there is so much
inconvenience, not to say hazard, attending a
passage through the neighbourhood, by timid and
respectable females or children that we are delighted
with the defeat of every Bill that has for its object
merely to improve or enlarge the site. If there
be any alteration, it should be to remove the
Market altogether to some more convenient
and less objectionable situation. Surely the
heart of an active and densely peopled city,
is not exactly the spot where beasts should be
allowed to roam in an all but savage state

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CLOCK.

The leading topic of conversation this morning in
the City is Mr. O'Connell's en!, ee into the House
of Commons last night, and his reception by the
Speaker. The general opinion seems to be, if the
House will not allow him to take his seat, that he
will be immediately returned for Clare, or some
other place in Ireland.
The Consol Market this morning has been un-
usually dull ; speculation there is none, and scarce
a bargain has been done. Consols opened at the
same price they left off at yesterday, 871 for the
account, and 87i 8 for next time ; Scrip, 21 f pm.;
Exchequer Bills, 68 70 pm.
The Foreign market is as dull as the English—
prices being nearly nominal.
Three per Cent. Consols, 871 i; Ditto for May 26,
S7l ; Three per Cent. Reduced, 861 7 ; Three and a
half per Cent. Reduced, 951 1 ; Four per Cent., 103 1;
Ditto, 1826, 1031 ; India Stock, 224 5 ; Bank
Stock, 208 9 ; India Bonds, 59 4; Exchequer Bills,
68 70 pm.

FORElGN.—Brazilian, 521 ; Buenos Ayres, 24 5 ;
Chilian, 17 19; Colombian, 151 I; Danish, 65/ i;
Greek, 14i 15i ; Mexican, 201 I; Peruvian, 10 12;
Portuguese, 444 5; Russian, 96 -i-; Spanish, 91 1.

Tit 0 O'CLOCK.

The Consol market has improved since the
early part of the morning, when they were stationary
at 87-ii for the account, since which a purchase of
100,000/. Consols was effected; when they were done
at 87H, and for next time at 88k, at which price
they remain at present, with little or nothing doing.
Every thing appears very (lull in the City, and to
the present hour we have neither reports nor news.
No express has arrived from Paris, as the Baron N.
M. de Rothschild left town last night for Brighton,
but is expected to return on Monday.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.

Consols, 871 i.

The Princess AUGUSTA and the Duke of
CUMBERLAND visited his MAJESTY yesterday, at his Pa-
lace, in St. James's.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND honoured the
Rev. Dr. BLOMBERO, with his company to dinner on
Wednesday, at his residence, near St. Paul's Church-yard.
Among the company present to meet his Royal highness,
were the Bishop of LLANDAFF, the Bishop of CHICHES-
TER, Lord MACDONALD, &C.

A portion of the household of the Duke and
Duchess of CLARENCE removed yesterday from the tem-
porary residence of their Royal Highnesses, in St. James's
Palace, to their new residence in St. James's Palace,
which has been built on the site of their former mansion.

The Earl of ABERDEEN and the CHANCEL-
LOR of the EXCHEQUER visited the Duke of WELLINGTON
yesterday, at the Treasury.

We have been requested to contradict a para-
graph which we copied on Thursday from a Morning Pa-
per of that day, respecting the ill treatment of a little girl
by her father, a master chimney-sweeper. The whole
story, we learn, is a fabrication.
DEVON.—TiIe woollen trade is almost at a
stand in the south of the county of Devon : several of the
manufacturers have ceased working.—Shrewsbury Citron.

A shocking accident occurred on the Hard-
wick Road on Monday night, between eleven and twelve
o'clock. Mr. CHRISTOPMER HAWES, baker, was found at
the corner of the road, at the entrance of the town, (near
the gas works,) bleeding profusely, and in a state of in-
sensibility, by three gentlemen who were returning from
a fishing excursion. Mr. IlAwrts had passed them not
two minutes before, near a place called Horsley's
Chase, in a small square cart, and driving very fast.
He had, no doubt, by turning the corner too suddenly,
and perhaps by the wheel coming in contact with a stone,
been jolted out of the vehicle. The gentlemen above
alluded to, with the humanity and promptitude which
the occasion demanded, conveyed the unfortunate man
to the nearest public-house, the Crown, where every
attention was paid him in order to his recovery, but
he died in a very few minutes, and before medical
aid could be procured. The medical gentleman who was
on the spot in the shortest possible time, declared that no
human a.ssistance could have saved the deceased. He had,
by tke violence of the fall, fractured his skull and broke a
blood vessel. An Inquest was held on the body on the
following day, before EDMUND ELSDEN, Coroner, when
the Jury returned a verdict of Accidents) Death.—Nor-
svich Mercury.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.--(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF, CHANCERY•

IiARRIS V. =MEL&
eat t 0441
This case stood on the paper for judgntOF
Upon his Lordship taking his seat he c43se"e to
he had already devoted a largeportien of tialesioli
reading of the papers, but had not yet been
get through them. t was of great importsllo—
should be read most carefully, and as,,Tobi
his Lordship was enabled to complete the ta°' ear;
begun, he would give his judgment in thitior
case.

WELLESLEY V. DUKE OF BEAUFORT. the
There were two petitions and a motion be ff rere
Court in this case, with resp b
ect to the furfltige 0
Draycote House, the taxation of costs, anu '
tainiag of an injunction. Upon the matter'be
called on, '6OO
Mr. HORNE observed that one of the Pet's,
had been ordered to stand over for the puirte-o-iii‘
enabling the parties to file an affidavit, and ue,,joyei
not see how the Court could be profitablY,,,,emrs,-'0
in hearing the other matters till the Ponies
Jeady ix that petition.
Mr. BEAME3 and Mr. PEPYS concorred)ll the pit
priety of this.
,he so!
His LORDSIIIP was anxious to know Wher
thing had been done with respect to the aPr"
ment of a guardian for the children.
Mr. HORNE had been informed there lia‘• po
His LORDSHIP was not aware how such 11.0'011
could have taken place; it certainly was time 74pf
thing should be done, with respect to such APP"
ment. bed

Mr. HORNE observed, the matter was n0w2..40
the Master, and the Court must at once
that a matter, of this importance could not be treat
lightly, or hurried on before the Master.
His LORDSHIP expressed himself satisfied
the explanation. a tist.
After some further discussion it was arrange,„o
the whole matter should be brought before the tl"-
on Tuesday next.
IN THE MATTER OF FRANKS, A LUNATIC' tbei
The order was made upon the petition Is no
Committee in this matter, subject to the sPra, thi
of Mr. King, the only person who could oPP°11"
petition.
BURNELL V. THE LORDS OF THE AO.
TREASURY

THE MARQUIS OF STAFFORD.
.Mr. SPENCE opened this case, which was an are.
plication to take a demurrer off the file, and t° rit
demur, in consequence of irregularity. The casWilii,
will be recollected, was some time since be re
60
Honour the Vice-Chancellor, and arose Out Yin rk,
agreement with reference to the building °f
house. The plaintiff, Mr. Burnell, filed a bill *Di be
the Lords of the Treasury, for the specification:
agreement, to which their Lordships
seemed.
The case appears likely to occupy dal

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT.
IN THE MATTER OF HICKSON, AN 1141;t5'r;
Mr. SUGDEN applied for an order of the 110.0
to compel a gentleman named Boast to deliverted
the person of an infant, to the guardian aPPturtly
by the Master. The facts of the case are 9".01-
these :—About seven years ago a gentleman 11",,,gr"
Hickson, who w'ss possessed of a consider
perty, was in a dangerous state of health, &Too
attended during his illness by a medical get ed
named Boast. During that illness, he requ—at l°
Mr. Boast, in case he died, that he (Boast)
take charge of his only child, attend to her echletthe;
and as she was subject to epileptic fits, he frthat
requested she might reside in the family o'd
ant
gentleman, Mr. Hickson saying that if she 131,h tn.
relations living he did not know where to fin":- etbs
Mr. Boast agreed to these proposals, and shortly
death of Mr. Hickson, (which happened use!
after) took the young lady into her awn house,
where she has ever since resided. After she
to
undo and 0,4
been there for three or four years, an
of the infant applied to this Court to be appoinn.,
guardians,
appointing
who, after hearing the evidence, made his rer r
athned
rtehleatcioasees
gewatisrdreiafeirlsr,ewdhtiochthwe
fobl:ftwrier:
wards confirmed. The present application Lb resod
was to compel Mr. Boast to give up the id°
the care of her guardians. tad
Mr. HORNE opposed this application, arta
several affidavits of the most eminent phYeic'she
who stated that the infant was treated
greatest kindness by Mr. Boast, who was a resP„r
able surgeon, and that it would be 'ouch to..P`
subject to evil,
injury to be removed, as she was
greatly to
tic fits, and any change would tend
also 0".
crease their frequency. The infant had
pressed to them that it was her wish to contoole
with Mr. Boast, and as the relatives never rell_th
this application until several years after the dello,
of Mr. Hickson, their motives were open to
picion.
5 stopP
Mr. SUGDEN was about to
by the
VICE-CHANCELLOR, who said he did not thin
or
what. the infant had been bred with kindness 01"1
the ptention by Mr. Boast, but after hearing
the Master Of
dence, and seeing the young lady,
reported that it would be for her advantage that.
should be under the guardianship of her reatllo
with tt,
He should therefore make the order, calling 0°
Boast immediately to give her up to her friend bet
The COURT afterwards disposed of a great 10
of motions, principally matters of course.
