THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, MAX 18: 1838.

place themselves high in tne estimation of a generous nation, and it
may be that when they are gone over their graves, will be subscribed
the proudest of epitaphs, that they were the friends of the negro. Mr.
Thomson resumed his seat amidst the loudest applause.
Mr. DANIELLE of Colchester moved the next resolution. After the
eloquent speech of the gentleman who had just sat down, and at that
late period of the day, he would not occupy their time at any length.
He regretted to see so few gentlemen from the town of Colchester, and
he presumed that the circumstance of so few persons having attended,
resulted from the circumstance of the number of petitions and meetings
that had been got up in various parts of the country already.—(Hear,
hear.) He was sure, however, that the feeling of the people was as
warm as ever in the cause of the abolition of the apprenticeship sys-
tem.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Tnostis CRAIG seconded the resolution, which was then
put to the meeting, and carried unanimc usly.
The Rev. CHARLES Yoare then moved a vote of thanks to the High
Sheriff for his dignified conduct in the chair. He looked upon the
subject they had met that day to advocate with mingled feelings of joy
and sorrow—joy that so much had been done in behalf of the oppressed
negro, and regret that their efforts had been hither unsuccessful. He
rested the question simply not upon what thatlll an was, but what God
required. He came to the conclusion from a reference to the Book of God,
that slavery was a crime of the blackest dye—that it involved a threefold
theft—a theft of the man's person, of his property, and of power to
labour for himself.—(Cheers.) They had nothing to do with the diffi-
culty into which Parliament had got itself, and it appeared to him that
the substitute lately proposed was the most absurd and &ant mockery.—
(Hear, and cl errs,) The principles of the apprenticeship system at
home were not the most perfect in the world; but they involved the
necessity of acquiring information, and the means of earning a liveli-
hood. But what had these to do with the iniquitous system which had
been established in the West India colonies.—(Hear, and cheering.) He
wished to see one other trophy brought to Christianity and religion—
even the broken fetters of the negro. The establishment of hospitals
originated with Charlemagne. the first Christian Emperor—the improve-
ment of prisons was the work of Howard, a man eminent for his piety,
and the promotion of education and civilization had originated with
men who were an ornament to Christianity.—(Cheers.)
JOSEPH MARRIAGE, Esq.—Having been the organ of commu-
nication between the meeting and their respected High Sherifi; felt
much pleasure in seconding the resolution, and additional gratification
in bearing his testimony to the promptitude with which he responded to
the call of the requisionists, and his anxiety to fix a day when the most
numerous and respectable attendance might be obtained.—(Cheers.) He
would remind them that the °0 millions paid to the planters was not the
only sum they had to pay—they were supporting a large body of specisl
magistrates ; and he held in his hand a list of not less than thirteen of these
gentlemen, who had been dismissed for cruelty and drunkenness.—
(Shame.) Dr. Palmer was not in that list—(A laugh)—and the meeting
would be surprised to learn that he had been dismissed for administering
the Abolition Act in the spirit of the British Legislature.—(Hear.) He
regretted to find that so many of the Irish Members had voted against
them, when it was stated by Lord Brougham, at Exeter Hall, that nearly
all of them voted with Mr. Wilberforce. When Sir George Strickland's
motion was brought forward, only twenty-nine voted in its favour;
and he was sorry to say that among their opponents were some of
those who had always advocated liberty. Among their opponents
they could not forget that Mr. Shell had ranked himself—Mr. Shed who
had only a short time previously received a pension of 1,0001. a year
from the Government. He would also mention Mr. Hutton, the col.
mhh
mei
,irno(hr,nteio:r,e.saul‘nl;iapi
wasro:varihtna theirogo ethi)idira
gentleman
enubctes in the House, and had voted against
league of Mr. O'Connell, who on the platform at Exeter Hall had pro-
misedot them. e
whomCm o.eiaittrhaloaldstouh,ceedt hbeiandHtalo,l
env;
laol:blsbr .yb
fne
tsfhtoeern
er 3,
n, a
eman-
cipation, Houseo.
c(siphaatmioen: wouldsahnacline)
nsou support
ththem,ene
xand
timeyet
theirhe votedquest against them.—
(Shame, g.
—ht
before the House that many of these gentlemen would alter their opi-
child
he
eb
ryeg3
oi ntgi
oh. i swcaosr
pd
ui ati
by
uypi‘piorr. t oRtAI
inLo tpi
,o
an.
n
nions and advocate the abolition of slavery.—(Hear.) He would con-
t carried with accla-
mation.

The HIGH SHERIFF briefly returned thanks, and the meeting separated.

NEWSPAPER STAMPS.

(From the Parliamentary Returns published this day.)
A Return of the Number of NEWSPAPER STAMPS at
One Penny and One Halfpenny issued to the several News-
papers in England, Scotland, and Wales, from the Ist De-
cember 1837 to the 31st of March 1838 inclusive ; specifying
each Newspaper by Name, and the Number of Stamps issued
each Month during that period to each Newspaper.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 40 minutes past Three o' Clock.

We are thankful to the Standard for informing its readers
that The Sun has the most circulation of any of the Evening
Papers; though, if our memory be not treacherous, not
many months have elapsed since the Standard made a contrary
assertion; and when dared to the proof, declined to bring It
forward. From the Standard's mode of displaying thePar-
liamentaryentary returns of the Newspaper circulation, making
them appear, we may be sure, as advantageous as possible for
itself, not copying them bodily from the Parliamentary Paper
es we did, it appears that in the last three months
the circulation of the The Sun exceeded that of the Standard
by 13,000 ; while the Standard topped the Globe by 71,000.,
and the Courier by 200,000, demonstrating our
great superio.
rity over them all. If the Standard had included all the
four months comprised in the Parliamentary Returns, it would
have appeared that cur superiority over the Standard was not
less than 37,000. But it suited the purposes of the Standard
to select from the returns the mouths which made the best
show for itself, and even then it is compelled, however un-
willingly, to record our superiority ever it to the extent of
13,000.
In comparing our circulation in 1838 to that of. 1837, the
Standard adroitly throws together, at both periods, The Sun

and the True Sun. Now it never is the case when one paper
is incorporated with another, as the Standard—which has in-
corporated with it the Albion, the Star, and other Conserva-
tive journals—knows very well, that the incorporating journal
receives an accession of subscribers equal to the whole number
to the paper which is dropped. News-rooms, club-houses,
circulating libraries, coffee-houses, taverns, &c., which take
the two papers while they are in existence, that their customers
may see them both, will not, it is plain, take two copies of the
one which remains. Thus it is not fair to us to compare cur
circulation in 1838 with the combined circulation of two papers
in 1837. It is also well known that in 1837 the True Sun,
as well as the The Sun, was making great exertions, by ex-
tending its Parliamentary reports and sending expresses at a
vast expense, to increase its circulation. Thos ;exertions and
that expense have wholly ceased, and it ought not to be sur-
prising that the circulation which they caused should also
have ceased. Notwithstanding these circumstances, which
would justify a much diminished circulation, as compared
to the circulation of the two Journals, the fact is
that the circulation of The Sun was in the first three
months of the present year only 3,000 less than the
circulation of the two journals in 1837. We are double grate-
ful, therefore, to the Standard, for making our advantageous
position, and the great benefits we have derived from our en.
deavours to serve the public, so manifest. We cannot tell
what the Standard may now be doing with its 100,000
stamps, exactly neither more nor less, taken monthly ; but we
can promise it that the next returns will show for The Sun a
great additional circulation, since the close of March.

We do not accuse the Standard of garbling the returns,
though its character warrants any suspicion, by excluding those
for one month, in order to make out a case for the Conservative
journall ; but the Standard must know that it misleads the
public by classing the True Sun as a Ministerial journal. It
was as bitter an opponent of the Ministers as the Spectator ;
and the amount of its circulation should rather be
reckoned a gain than a loss to the Ministerialists. But the
unscrupulous Standard, as we know by the O'CONNELL case,
and;the case of the FINNS, and the case of the forged pro-
clamation, if it can make out a plausible story, never cares
whether it be correct or not. The mistake which it commits,
of saying the increase of the Ministerial papers is only 1 7,500
in the three first months of the year, as compared to the three
first months of 1837, while its own figure; show it to be 27,500,
is of course a mere typographical or arithmetical blunder ;
but even that error suits the purposes of the Tories, and it
of course, devoutly copied by the Times.

We said yesterday that it was doubtful now whether Minis-
ters would attempt to carry the Irish Tithe Bill through the
House of Commons. To-day we arc informed by the Tory
Journals that the Lords will never assent to that Bill, or any such
Bill, while the appropriation resolutions remain on the journals
of the House of Commons. Proud of their numbers, and
having compelled their moderate leaders to embrace an ultra
course, the Tories now loudly declare that there shall be no
compromise whatever,and that all which is mischievous,arrogant,
and bloodshedding in the Irish Church, shall be maintained,
Under such circumstances, no Tithe Bill will be suffered to
pass the House of Lords, and it will be foolishness to waste the
time of the House of Commons in discussing it. Ministers,
therefore, will, we hope, allow that measure to lie over, and
pass the Irish Municipal Bill through the Mouse of Commons
with all speed, and by as large majorities as possible. Per-
haps the Lords will also reject that, because the Aliens
wish it.

The question of the Abolition of Negro Apprenticeship on
the Ist of August next, continues to agitate the country from
one extremity to the other. The righteous cry of the Eman-
cipationists has at last found an echo in the inmost recesses of
the national heart. Whether, therefore, the Government do
or do not continue to support the Planters in outraging for two
years longer the laws of justice and humanity—in swindling
and insulting the people of England, Scotland, and Ireland—
it will require but the communication to the poor Negro of a
thousandth-part of the commiseration felt for him here, to
render all further legislation on the subject of his
deliverance from the bondage of slavery, altogether unne-
cessary. The Government has placed itself in a calamitous
position in the event of the negroes preferring England's con-
struction of the Emancipation Act to that of the
Noble Colonial Secretary, and consequently assun-ning
the dignified rank of a free British subject on the Ist of
August. Coercion in such a case would be out or the
question. The shedding of one drop of blood to c=pel
the emancipated negro to submit his limbs again to
the chains of slavery would evoke a spirit in England
too powerful for the strongest Administration that ever di-
rected the political destinies of the British empire. Of this we
find proofs as strong as is consistent with the character of aChris-
tian people in the proceedings at every public meeting held
upon this subject. The report of one held yesterday at Chelms-
ford, in Essex—given at great length in our columns of this day
—furnishes no exception to the rule which we have here laid
down. The doctrine of tho right of the negroes, to
cast aside the last remnant of their fetters on the Ist
of August, was propounded and defended in the presence
of a: grave assemblage of magistrates and clergy—nor
was there a voice raised, to call the true interpre-
ters of the national conviction to order. This ought to
teach the Government a great and salutary lesson, the least
longer delay, in'acquiring which may be followed by the most
calamitous events. It is a mistaken notion of consistency--a
fool-hardy display of firmness on the part of the Cabinet to
persevere in any line of policy, which they have themselves ad-
mitted to be of dubious effect, after the nation has unanimously
pronounced its condemnation. They cannot be so regardless of
their own characters_after all they have done for the liberal
cause—as to prefer political martyrdom to the abreviation of
the legal duration of slavery in any part of the world.

Our readers will perhaps recollect that Mr. FOWELL Bux-
TON with that unwearied desire to protect the poor and suffer-
ing inhabitants of our distant possessions, which makes him
worthy of being the successor of Mr. WILBERFORCE, ob-
tained in the last Parliament a Committee to inquire into the
state of the Aborigines in our various Colonies. The infor-
mation which the report of that Committee laid be-
fore the public shed no honour on our country.
Wherever our standard has been planted, and the
land taken to form part of our own dominion, the inhabitants
have been hunted, ploughed, or starved out of existence, with
much cruelty and wanton waste of human life. Instead of
looking on the Aborigines as infants confided to our care,
whom we were bound to protect and instruct in all our civi-
lization, England has almost uniformly regarded them as wild
beasts, of whom the land could not too soon be cleared. Such
an exposure startled, we believe, a great many persons who were
accustomed to form their opinion of the character of their coun-
try from the chaunts of the Tory press, and roused them to a
sense of the indignityheaped on the whole nation by suffering such
ignominious cruelty to be perpetrated in its name. The pub-
lic, however, seem not yet sufficiently alive to these enormities,
and Mr. BUXTON complained at the meeting held on Wednes-
day, of which we publish a report to-day, that the small room
at Exeter Hall was large enough for those who assembled.
The report of the Society, which was then read, contains
much interesting information, and as well as the speeches,
particularly that of the CHAIRNIAN, is deserving of public
attention. As there can in this case be no vested rights to im-
pede the progress of the Society, as its aim must necessarily
be rather to prevent cruel aggression than to recover its fruits
from the gripe of the oppressor, we may anticipate for it a
successful career. There must be in this humane land thou-
sands of patriotic and warm hearts, eagerly desirous to relieve
their beloved country from the hateful charge of cruelty to
unprotected and ignorant people, under which it now lies.
All those will support the Aborigines Protection Society.

Through the kindness of Messrs. CowIE and Son, we have
received a long letter from a Correspondent of theirs at
Lima, dated the 10th of January, of which the pressure of
domestic news obliges us to omit the insertion. The writer states
that all was then comparatively tranquil ; the only fear enter-
tained being that Chili might decline to ratify the treaty of 19th
November. Letters from Valparaiso intimated that the
Treaty was by no means popular among the members and sup-
porters of the (Milian Government. It was likewise feared
that the forcible seizure of a small schooner by the Peruvian
Government which, by an article of the treaty, was to have
bcen delivered up to that Power, would afford Chili a pretext
for renewing the war between these Republics.

We have received Cape of Good Hope papers to the 10th
of March. The following are extracts
(From the Graham's Town Journal of Feb. 2.)
MUTINY AMONGST THE HOTTENTOT SOLDIERS.
MURDER OF LIEUTENAN I' CItOWE.
It is our painful duty to record another instance of disaffection
amongst the Hottentot corps on the frontier, attended with the murder
of an officer, and an attempt to destroy every Europran present.
It appears that in consequence of some dissatisfaction amongst the
detachment of Mounted Rifles at Fort Peddle, Ensign Frazer was
ordered thither with a relief party. Having executed this duty,
he was returning to head quarters, and on his march stopped for the
night at the post called Frazer's Camp. The detachment under
his charge consisted of twenty-one men ; and these, as he supposed, had
retired, after the close of day, to rest. About ten o'clock, however, as
Ensigns Frazer, O'Reilly, and Crowe, with Mr. Cope, of the
Commissariat, were seated in-doors, three shots were fired
at them, one of which mortally wounded Lieutenant Crowe,
passing through his body, and then striking with considerable force Mr.
Frazer, who sat near him. This was followed by a volley, which was fired
from the direction of the stables by the whole of the mutineers, but for-
tunately without effect. Ensigns O'Reilly and Frazer instantly sprang out
of doors, and were so energetic—especially the former—in calling for the
assistance of the troops belonging to that post, most of whom had retired
to rest, that any further effusion of bkod was prevented.
(From the South African Advertiser, March 10.)
We are happy to state, that the mutineers (Cape Regiment, sixteen

in number), who, after having murdered Lieutenant Crowe, had fled
into the bush, or into Cafferland, have been nearly all apprehended.
(From the Graham's Town Journal, March I.)
Cafferland is in a most unsettled state. Faku and Capaai have made
an inroad westward as far as the Bashee, and have laid waste the country
for a considerable distance.

(From the Zuid Afravan, March 9.) -
We have been informed, on good authority, that his Excqency the
Governor 1611 shortly leave Cape Town for the unsettled frontier dis-
tricts, and that orders have been issued .for two companies of the 97th
regiment to be kept in readiness to leave this for Graham's Town, in
case of emergency.

Brussels and German Papers of the latest dates have been
received this morning. It appears that the movement of the
French troops on the Belgian frontier has alarmed Prussia,
who has put her garrisons in motion with a view to support
the authority of the Diet.
The Members of the Town Council of Brussels have re-
signed in a body, because the Government has declined to in-
demnify the city for the losses it sustained during the Re-
volution which placed LEOPOLD on the Belgian Throne.
The Hamburg Correspondent has letters from Hanover of
the 9th, stating that the electors of that capital have agreed to
return a Member to the Second Chamber, under the following
resolutions, which they request may be entered upon its
journals :

" First, that it is by no means their intention to renounce by this
election the rights which have been secured to the country and the
several Corporations by the Constitution of 1833 ; secondly, that they
shall consider the Conssitution of 1833 and its enactments as legally
existing, till something else shall have been legally substituted for it by
mutual agreement; and, lastly, that they expressly reserve to them-
selves all the means of asserting all the rights justly acquired according
to the Constitution of 1833, either alone, or in concert with other Cor-
porations of the country."

These resolutions are signed by all the Magistrates and
Elders of the city of Hanover. Their adoption by such a
body has greatly alarmed the Government. The followi►,g
are extracts :

BERLIN, MAY 13.—Yesterday afternoon, between five and six o'clock,
the first of our expected august visitors, their Majesties the King and
Queen of Hanover arrived in this city, with their suite, and alighted
at the Palace which they formerly occupied. A company of the 2d
regiment of the Guards, with colours flying and music playing,
was stationed as a Guard of Honour before the Palace, round which
numerous spectators were assembled. The guards having paid the
honours to their Majesties, withdrew, leaving only the usual double
guard, his Majesty, the King, having been pleased to decline any fur-
ther orders. The Grand Duke and Duchess of Mucklenburg Strelitz,
are expected on the 16th ; the Grand Duke and Duchess of Mccklen.
burg Schewrin, and the Grand Duke and Duchess of Anhaltz Dessau,
on the 1 7th ; and lastly, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the 1 9th,
the Empress of Russia, the Imperial Prince Alexander, the Grand
Duchess Alexander, and the Grand Dukes Nicholas and Michael. The
King of Wurtemberg is expected on the 23d. The day of the arrival of
the emperor of Russia is not decided, but he will probably arrive within
a week or two.
Exchange on London, three months, 6.25.1.—P russian State Gazette.
BELGIAN I, UNDS—Baussm.s, MAY 16.
Actual Debt, 2 per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lO2
Loan of Thirty Millions... ...............
Lnan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent 98%
Society of Commerce, 4 y:, per Cent 165
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 11194
National Society .
—lTrussels Papers, May 16.
' AUSTRIAN FUND.S.—Vfmgm, MAY 9.
Five per Cents. Mctalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Rank Shares 14483,

—Allgenzeine Zeitung, Mayll4.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, May 15.
Bills. Money.
Austrian Metariques, 5 per cent.
Ditt.. ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto ditto 2,1 per cent, —
Ditto Bank Shares 1433 1434
-Luglo-Russian Loan IOS% 103,;
___

...,
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent —
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
,_
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent — _
Ditto, 3 per cent. —
Dutch 23¢ per Cents. 53%
Ditto 5 per Cents —
Polish 13onds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets 1591 159
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 72% 72
Norwegian Lean of 1g..34, 4 per cents. , lOl
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents....
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent lB% 18
Greek 4 per cents. 1633, guaranteed by France
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMItURG, MAY 15 —l3 8,4 ; two months, 13 SM.
STOCKIIOLN4 MAY S. —Two months, 12 16.
Sr. FETF.RSHURGIY, MAY 4.—Three months, 10 39-54.
—Hamburg Papers, May 15.

Letters and Papers from Madrid to the 10th instant, have
reached us this morning. Their contents are of more than
ordinary interest. The Banking Houses of J. LAFONT and
Co., of Madrid, and Messrs. LAFFITTE and Co., of Paris, and
their friends, have submitted to the Government, a new Finan-
cial project, authorised by the Law of the 17th ult., of which
we subjoin a summary from the Eco del Conzmercio, of the
9th instant :

t 9
4,-741
ntit 4t-
alan•
WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
FRIDAY EVENING, MAY 18,.1836.
