TF. LON DON-J 0 URNA LS.
DAILY
Extract:from the Morning P alters March 2, 1846.

[Till: PUBLIC LEDGEILI
We find, by the Foreign Journalsofhich ar-
rived yesterday, that commercial distress, is by
no means limited to this country ; but, instead of
defiling any motives of consolation from this
fact, we must reverie the old age, as the ember-
rasiments that prevail abroad must add to, the
pressure and duration of our own. In Prussia
and Saxony there is a complete stagnation. of
business, and distrust is' universal. Numerous
bankruptcies, some to a heavy amount, hive also
taken place ; and, to aggravate the evil, fewer
orders are expected from England and 'Holland
than. had been known for a number of years.
All this suffering is the effect of over-trading';
and yet our Ministers are censured for attempting
to put down a system which, in its effects, half
proved as desolating as abostile invasion, and per-
haps more demoralizing. Look to the misery that
now pervades our manufacturing districts, where
thousands upon thousands of industribus people
have been thrown out of work—a prey at once to
idleness and want,/and you will instantly ad.
mit its ruinous tendency. Yet Ministers are cen-
sured for trying to put dewu a system which
subjects trade to incessant fluctuations, incalcula-
bly depresses its profits, at one 'time, and holds
out excessive gains it another 4 whilst the inno-
cent operative is suddenly flung from a state of
comfort to one of extreme privation. If no other
evil resulted frorb it, but that to which we have
just alluded, Ministers will not do their duty, if
they were not to exeit themselves to the utmost
to put it down. To see a country like this, with
so muchwealth at her command,, and excelling
all others in the skill and constancy; necessary
to its' regular accumulation and diffusion, suh,
ject to teriodical visitations of acute distress,
amongst her: labouring classes, is a reflection
by no means creditable to the national character,
on the score either of humanity or foresight.—
Yet Ministers are called by the two extremes of
party, rash experimentalists, for trying to prevent
a recurrence of the heart-rending scene which we
now WIIUCb9. We are willing enough to excuse
the obloquy of their political opponents; but the
animadversions of their Tory adherents come with
a very bad grace, as they imply either a want of
honesty, orof sound judgment, thus shewing to the
world, that they either misunderstand the real
drift of the measures proposed by Ministers, or
that they oppose them from a principle of base sel7
lisimess alone. lii the' mean
„time, we feel firmly
persuaded that the present distress will soon yield
to the measure adopted by the Bank, at there-
_ commendation of Ministers, for alleviating its
pressure ; the plans of, the latter for
placing the currency of the country on a sound
basis, will be the a-watts, we trust of preventing
its recurrence. '

TIMES.]
It will be seen by our. report of last hiet's
proceedings in Purliament; that Mr. Canning has
once more announced the course which Govern-
ment has determined on with regard to our Wog

India Colonies. If it were possible to argue or
out of their natural feelings, when they conceive
that all they have in the world is put in jeopardy
by a certain system of legislation, We might he
disposed to reasett with our fellow-subjects of the
Western Archipelago, on the futility of their, op-
position to the plans of negro improvement re,
comtrterided to, them by the M inisters,and stinctimi7
EA by the Parliament at home. But we fear
that' such' argumentative remonstrances might
be useless. The threat was long since held' out
to "tire West Indiacolimists,that if they did not of
thernielves pass the several bills which it was
signed' by Government would tend to•the awe.
lioratinn of the negroes, the regulations which it
wattle 'obje'ct of those-bills to enforce, would be
imposed by the direet authority ,of the Imperial
:Parliament—just as a OA child is given to un-
derstand, that 'it ht*does not swallow quietly a
stuteoui-•• medicine, the apothecary will be sent,
for to pour it down his throat. NY).2 have often
declared our own pei'snasioo, that precipitate
measures for bestowing frOedom on the ne.
grues would• he found in practice to scourge
the' pnof creatures themselves, more severe-
ly khan their- masters, alto with'. the
,uutho.
rity to coerce, would lose also the power of
protecting them. It is' on Ahia:principle that
Go'iertiment have acted checking the ins.
petuosity of the abolitionists here, and in send•
ing.fOrth an ecele*stitat'estilbtishoient to the.
islands, that' ematiciPation itself:might be preyed.
ed by those moral and religious acquirements
withde which nd civil freedont 'could 1* enjoy
ed `1.4 the blacks, nor any solid , ground;:work
laid' for the maintenance of tranquillity or the
progrestir, of rivilitation among- thein-; and,
by consequence, no safeguard raised against their
relainte into hondaro and brutality. • At 'the stifuo
titne", if Parliament, .by opposing obatacleS to the
rareer olyevOiutiriu in colonial sticietvi has
afforded the beg, security for the vatted rights 61
the planters, and",for the future happiness of the
blacks themselves, we should if we did nOt'dki.;
pair of, beinglistenkf 'to.; beseech the I i'egislati stt
Assemblies in our islands net to interpose delays
at onto needless and impotent, to' an effeetaal
execution of that policy which the sovereign
Forcer, backed b 3 the national feeling of
the mother country, bes''se deliberately adoPt*
end so earnestly 'called ' upOtithem' to ern-
,
brace, Repeated rejections of: the changes' Ore.
scribed to' the colonies by Lord Bit,thtirst, nutty io.;
lent language, sucompanying etretisive elm
have but two effects Opowthe future condition of
leer r -West ladies. The 'effects will be Ist a
direct,perltaris immediate, interference of Par..
lianiect, to enforce in a manner not qoalified
iry
kindly feeling, every one of the rules,and re.
straints considered by pr.opriet,ors
as oU-
e
""Turlti ; and. /lily, art exhilnm ul. ti witisit
Parliament in the character of friend and-Pra.
teettit of the- slaves, while the whole grace of
the] !new system of' indulgence will be' with-
drawn from the West India -planter, in the
eyes of his own negroes, who must suspect

thit they are Inn 1M for whatever in-
cruse of comfort MO betide them, to ihe
wealneis of the master, not to his gtiod INV-0—
We still are .not entirely without hopethat the
colonists may.take a more accurate measure of
their own strength as well as interest, and may
judge more discreetly than in some cases tfiey
have done, of the imminent danger they incur,
by at once bearding the indignation of Parlia-
ment, and forfeiting the affections of their watch-
ful slaves.

[NEW TlwEs.]
In the noose of Lords, last night, the Royal
Assent, by Commission, was given' to the Trans-
fer in Aids': Bill and the Exchequer Bills Bill.—
The Commissioners were the Lord Chancellor
and the Earl of Shaftesbury.. In the House of
Commons, last-night, Mr. Fowell Buxton, in pre-
senting a petition of the - inhabitants of London
and its vicinity, to the ,number of 72,000, for the
amelioration of( Negro Slavery in the West
Indies, took • occasion to bring the question
of amelioration and ultitnate emancipation,
under the notice of the House. The whole of the
arguments for and against slavery is so fainiliar to
those of the public who take a decided interest
in the question, that no summary of them is ne-
cessary. Mr. Canning, whose genius like the
sun light, embraces all things, and gilds all, in
speech replete with sound feeling and sound nr-
patent, pressed the propriety of delay, at least
for some time. The Right lion. Secretary stated,
that Bills founded on the Resolutions proposed
hii Majesty's Ministers, and saoctioned by the
House, were to- be submittki to the Colonial
Legislatureti, and that the adoption or rejec-
tion of these would indicate clearly the
plan of procedure to be pursued by Parliament.
He added, that if they were rejected, decisive
measures might then be taken nt home for com-
pelling their reception. Mr. Secretary Peel
agreed with Mr. Buxton in the desirableness and
necessity of Ameliorating the condition of the
`Slaves', but he deprecated all precipitation in so
important ,a subject. In consequence of . this
avOwal of the intentions of his Majesty's Minis,
tors, Mr: Brenham withdrew his motion, which
stood for last
, [MORNING POST.]
The great question of Negro Slavery occupied
the House of• Commons last night, and drew'frOm
all:quarters:the expression of sentiments-not less
just and hurnai►e than wise and temperate. The
debate arose in consequence.of n petition, signed
by.7,P00 inhabitants- of London and its vicinity,
praying for the Abolition-of Slavery, which was•
presented by Mr.-F.• -Bunton, who .called upon
his' Majesty's.Mioisters tp explain what they
meant by a gradual extinction of Slavery.--
Three years hind already elapsed. since that ex-
prris;ilon had been used, end with the excep-
tion of a few trivial improvements in some of our
coilonies,the mein evil still remained untouched.
Mr.SticretarY Canning adinitted that Parliament
was pledged to the abolition of slavery, but only
Lo its aliolitibn by slow, gradual, cautious, and if
poisible, safe,meaus. He was desirous of -seeing
how that 'pledge could be redeemed without di-
rect interference on our pert. Ile certainly per-
ceived indications, of .ft contumacious spirit, but
he would:hope to. the last and submit to.griev.
ous and frequent disappointment, rather than
take a step pregnant with the most alarming
consequences to this country and the colonies.
It was the intention of Government- during the
;text Sessien Of the Colonial Legislatures to lay he-
(ocrt them a Bill fotinded on the Order inCouncil
'carried into effect At Trinidad, and thus to force
them to conic to • a decision on the various topics'
which it embraced. The general feeling seemed
to be that the expeiiment should be tried before
recourse should be had to more violent proceed-
-1110, and even Mr. Brougham concurred so far
in it that it was almost understood that he would
not persist in the motion of which he had given
notice for next Friday an that subject. This is
precisely the way in which; all. along we have
recommended the subject to Ire treated. The
public will _now rejoice with. us at the safe and
rational .coorse to be 'pursued, and the calm and
dispassionate language employed ott the oeca-
sion, as the means best adapted to ensure fUll
and speedy success to a cause, in which the feel-
ings of humanity' and the principles of sound po-
icy are alilse interesting and. involved.
