THE DERBY.

The objection to Bloomsbury, we are sorry to find, is not
likely to be brought to a decision in time for the settling
on Thursday, each party having to send into Yorkshire for
evidence. The statement on Mr. Fulmar Craven's part is,
that the mare was covered by Tramp as well as Mulatto,
but at present, we believe, no proof has been given beyond
that supplied by the stud book, Mr. W. Ridsdale's
case is strong, as witnesses are prepared to state that
the mare was covered by Mulatto only. The ge-
neral opinion is in favour of Mr. W. Ridsaale's side, but
in, in the mean time, how will the settling be ? We fear
that it will be a very unpleasant one. We stated yesterday
that the decision would not affect the bets, and we still en-
tertain that opinion, but it is proper to add that many par-
ties are of a different one ; this makes it the more important
that the matter should be decided before Tuesday.

Mr. Alcock, we believe, will be the Liberal Can-
didate for Ludlow, in the room of Lord Clive.

The total amount of money in the Savings' Banks
of Great Britain now reaches the sum of 22,699,7921. 3s. 7d.
TII E QUEEN.—The news of Sir Robert's failure
was received in Glasgow, as we believe every V. here else,
with gleeful astonishment. The Queen has risen 100 per
cent. in the estimation of the working men in Scotland
since Tuesday last. It was on Sunday that a hard-work-
ing, hard-fisted, iron-minded son of the level and the
trowel—a leading mind among the Chartists, though not
a maid functionary—was told in Argyle-street of what had
occurred, of Sir Robert's insolent demand, and of her Ma-
jesty's spirited answer. In a moment his arm was uplifted
and he exclaimed, " Glorious ! would that she would show
the same noble resolution in defence of the people, and
the right arm of every working man in Scotland would be
ready to strike in her defence I"—Glasyoto Chronicle.
MARRIAGE OF MADEMOISELLE, SISTER
TO H. R. 1-1 . THE DUKE DE BORDEAUX —The Quoticlitnne
confirms the Gazette de France's announcement in the
following terms :—" We knew for some time past that ne-
gociations had been commenced towards effecting an alli-
ance between the exiled Royal Family and the Royal Fa-
mily of Naples. We had also learnt that those negocia-
tions bad come to a happy issue : but we had thought, for
reasons which will be easily appreciated, that our duty was
to defer the publication of that intelligence. We believe
that we may now announce that her Royal Highness
Ma d .troiseile will sl o tly marry his Rival H ghness
the Count de Lecce, brother of the King of Naples. Tl.e
distinguished qualities of the young Prince have fixed the
choice of the elder branch of the Bourbons." Prince An-
thony Pascal, Count de Lecce, sixth child of the la'e King,
Francis 1., by Maria Isabella, daughter of Charles IV. of
Spain, was born on the 23d of September, 1815. Louise
Maria Therese, Mademoiselle, daughter of the late Duke
de Berry and of Caroline Ferdinande Louise, daughter of
the said Francis the First, by Marie Clementine, daughter
of the Emperor Leopold the S;cond, was born on the 21st
of September, 1819.
PUBLIC MEETING IN PAISLEY FOR A
UNIFORM PENNY POST. —A public meeting of Bankers,
Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other inhabitants
of Paisley, was held on Monday last, the 15th current, in
the Court-hall, at twelve o'clock, noon. The meeting
was called by the Provost, in consequence of a respectable
requisition having been presented to him for that purpose,
to petition Parliamen tfor a uniform Penny Post, as pro-
posed by Rowland Hiil, Esq., and as has been recom-
mended by a Committee of the House of Commons. Pro-
vost Bissit was unanimously called to the chair. A motion
was submitted to the meeting by Mr. Farquharson in
favour of a uniform Penny Post, which was seconded
and ably supported by Mr. Peter Drough and carried
unanimously.

= ;
r
EVENING EDITION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SU.N.

SlR,—From the noble stand you have made in favour
of the rights of the people against the faction of tho
friends of the King of Hanover in the House of Lords,
I take the liberty of addressing these few ob-
servations to you, not with a view to their pub-
lication in the state they are,. but as they may
serve as hints to be worked up -in the fat superior
and more vigorous style that adorns your 'columns.
In the first place, I would put it to your better judg-
ment, whether the Spectator, though universally ad-
mitted to be one of the most talented papers in London,
is fighting under its real colours, when it professes to be
the advocate of Reform. I remember the day when it
was execrated by the Tery Press, and all sorts of exe-
crable puns made on the name of Rint-howl. But now
we have nothing more. bland and smooth even in the
speeches of " the proximate premier of England himself,"
than in the notices of the Post and Standard. The same
papers which are in the direct. interest of Sir Robert ,
Peel, and which, the other day, worthily employed I
themselves in representing ladies of unblemished re-
putation as enjoying the friendship of our maiden and
youthful Queen by amusing her with tales of obscenity
and lasciviousness, is now almost weekly complimenting
" the honest Radical organ," " the talented Spectator,"
"the far-seeing Spectator," Sze., Sze. Allow me to
make an analysis of the last Number, 567, May 11,
1839, and see whether the Tories are not acting with
their usual shrewdness in thus eulogising a print that,
by fomenting division amongst the Reform interest, whilst
calling itself a Reform paper, is serving :heir cause much
more effectually than were the same statements put for-
ward by an avowed Tory print. In his second article
we have " Mr. Shaw Lefevre is the Liberal candidate.
Mr. Goulburn, it is said, will be put forward by the
Tories. Probably either gentleman would make a re-
spectable and efficient Speaker ; and it is a matter of
small moment which is chosen !" Is it indeed ? Did
not Air. Goulburn, in his place in Parliament, once say,
" that if the smallest concessions were made to the Dis-
senters by the University of Cambridge, he would im-
mediately remove his sons from it." The contest, there-
fore, will in reality be between a prosy, narrow-minded,
High Church bigot, and a high-minded and indepen-
dent gentleman. Whilst on this lsubject, I wil just re-
mark, that on Monday Sir R. Peel praised the Speaker,
Mr. Abercromby, in his place, but on Tuesday his organ,
the Standard, al used the Right Hon. Gentleman in good
set terms. This is a parody on the half maniac and
malignant creatures in Sir Robert's interest, who are
endeavouring to poison the public mind at Exeter Hall,
against the Roman Catholic portion of our fellow-
subjects. Sir Robert in a late debate expressed his
horror at making religious creeds a bar to political
preferment, and was reminded by Mr. Gibson, a Con-
servativeAlember, that it would be well if his friends at
Exeter Hall would act as discreetly.
Let us now turn to page 436, where we find
" Sir Robert Peel is cunning and adroit, but not
sagacious. If he had waited - for 450 Tory
Members, the Queen would have been at his
mercy, and must have given up her Whig worsen."
Four hundred and fifty Tory Members. 'Where the
devil are they to come from ? But; independent of
this, there is something so heartless and un-English in
this way of speaking of the helpless tress of the Queen's
situation, that one almost blushes to- think the para-
graph could have been penned by a Briton:

Come we to page 441, and the pen. tint produced
the Tamworth manifesto might almost have been con-
jectured to have written the 'following Numerous
measures of economical or social reform, involving no
organic change, are either demanded by the public or
required to improve the condition and calm the irri-
tation of the labouring classes. Will Post-office
reform be denied by the present as it was by
the late Government ?" (When was it denied?)
"Or will Lord Lowther bring forward, as he would
surely carry, a measure for giving effect to Mr.
Warburton's recommendation • .on that subject ? The
colonies and colonization present ample room for highly
popular reforms, to which no rational Tory could object."
( Why, Lord John Ripon is now censuring Ministers
for abolishing two useless places at Malta !) " The
administration of law, and above all, equity, law, police,
secondary punishments, and many other subjects which
have no relation to questions of the Church or the Con-
stitution, invite Sir R. Peel's Cabinet to mark the inca-
pacity of their predecessors for even administrative im-
provements. It has long been thought by some" (the
Swiss of the Tory party, perhaps) " that much more
good, of one sort or other, might be got from a prudent
Tory, than from the Melbourne-Whig, Government.
Whatever the new Minister may promise in this way, he
will, at all events, have a fair trial. Factious opposition he
has more to guard against." (Admitted, though the new
Minister and his party have played this off against
their opponents since April, 1835.) '" Nor, indeed—
unfortunately for him—serious opposition of any kind
for some time to come do, or fail to do, what he
may. And herein consists his only darter. For, if
deceived by the present gloomy aspect of the Liberal
cause, be should be led to imagine that the principles
and practices of old Toryism may be safely followed
(good easy man), he will soon re-establish the Reform
party, composed of new men.'" This is very good,
and no doubt good Sir,:Robert would mightily rejoice,
if be could once see 450 prudent Tories in the House
of. Commons. But unfortunately for this rigmarole
' about no opposition, the Times told us the other day,
that the old Whig party mustered 130, the English
and Scotch Radicals 150, and the Irish Liberals be-
tween 60 and 70, altogether about 350—and it must
be recollected that it rests with the Queen whether
or not she will dissolve. In confirmation too, of
Sir Robert Peel having the people with him, I
find in the last edition of Moss's Parliamentary
Guide, page 310, the Liberal Electors of the United
Kingdom, calculated at 498,781, and the Tory electors
at only 482,537. As every city and borough:through-
out the kingdom will, no doubt, in the event of a disso-
lution, be hotly contested, as well as many of the coun-
ties, Sir Robert will, perhaps. find that " the tottle of
bribery and corruption" to enable him to get a majority of
fifteen or twenty,. which Lord Brougham calculated he
might possibly achieve, will cost a " pretty considerable
sum."

ItyirTi

I wish only in conclusion to extract the following
excellent little bit of advice from page 441 A
town constituency which ,shall elect one Reformer of

ability with oue Tory will serve the good. cause"
(Query is Toryism meant'.') " far more effectually
than by returning two—what shall we -say ? good for
nothings, calling themselves Radicals, or two sham
Reformers called Whigs." Bravo Spectator : you may
well say, " Let us see what virtue there is in the Re-
form Bill." What a, different style it the capital article
on "The Triumphant Tories," written in—O si sic

WHITE . CONDUIT GARDENS.--,OLIC readers
will see from an advertisement in another part of the Paper
that this place of public amusement wilt open on Whit-
Monday for the season. Considerable improvements have
been made since last year—several good singers have been
engaged, and every evening there will be a Promenade
Concert by a band of fifty performers We believe the
amusements at this place have hitherto been conducted in a
very respectable manner, and we have no doubt that the
present manager will conduct it in the same niatinfr and
with additional spirit. ' ;,.to
• v: ,a..ts
PREVENTION OF
.1.--RosTiTuTio
much
system
.
of hostility, well organised, would do 'uch good.; and
the breaking up of those houses which for a long time
have been supported by the vices of one SA and the frailty
of the other, would assist in the reformation of society.
" Pull down the nests, and the rooks will fly'. away," is an
old proverb, and applies well to the case in point: If mea-
sures were taken to disturb the panders to the vices of
hoary sensualists and heartless seducers, some great good
would most decidedly be effected.—Correspondent of the
Manchester Guardian.

EBENEZEIS. ELLIOTT AND THE CONVENTION.
Mr. Ebenezer Elliott has retired from the Working Men's
Association in Sheffield, rather than be compromised by
the infatuated conduct of the Chartists on the Corn-law
question. He explains his views in the following letter :
" To the Secretaries of the Sheffield.,,Wprking Men's
Association. ,
" Sias Cannot your enemies start* Ty ~off fast
enough ? If they can, why do they 'keilj, to get you
butchered like sheep? The ConventionXy deWnding mo-
nopoly, and advising physical force, are fie hting the battle
of the aristocracy, under the people's colours ; a battle ul-
timately for self-destruction, and which these magnificent
wretches seem well able to fight for themselves, without
your assistance. I learn, from the newspapers of Saturday
last, that your representatives in the Convention (with the
concurrence of your own man) are about to send deputa-
tions into the country to advocate the starvation laws ! Of
those laws you will very soon have quite enough ; and
so, thank God, with their authors. If you like such laws,
what use do you intend to make of the franchise when
obtained? I have no wish to force my opinions upon you.
No. Be corn-laved to your hearts' content, for we shall
not have long to wait ; but, in the meantime, it must not
be supposed that I am one of a body of men who are will-
ing- to be represented by persons capable of supporting
such barbarous legislation. If, then, my name is on your
list of members, please erase it, and oblige your fellow_
townsman, " EBENEZER ELLIOTT.

" Sheffield, May 6, 1839."
GEOGRAPHICAL DISCOVERY.—At the last
meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, on Monday
evening, it was jnnounced that the Council had this year
decided t-on giving two medals for geographical dis-
covery. The first,- or King William's Medal, had been
prevent, t,
signifiedaee-
awarded to Mr. Simpson, for his zeal and perseverance in
his overland Arctic expedition; and the Patron's Medal to
Dr. Ruppell, for his researches into the' interior of Af-
rica. Mr. Thomson
native do'
fA bbadie,
Abyssinia,who whosewa s
gp4 Slave aciedbya
of the Lord," gave a highly-interesting account of
his late expedition into that country,. Even in the very
heart of Abyssinia the exertions of England against sla-
very and the slave trade was fully known, and he was often
asked if this country would not, interfere to restore their
slaves to their home. The natives had also a 'very strong
wish for intercourse with the English, and the 'appoint-
ment of a Consul, who would be intrusted ti them with,
means and authority to redeem theitic"alaiei, gird ape for
the formation of commercial ports to relieve their:trade
from the thraldom of the Turks. In this elassic land of
slavery, where it has flourished since the time of. Moses,
it now looked upon with feelings of disgust,Aod it is with
a full sense of sh'ame that the English traveller was intro-
duced to their mtukets.

EVENING EDIT rHE SUN LONDON,;SATURDAY, MAY 18, 1839•
__
_______
lON.
, ...---- ----------e..
: THE QUEEN AND THE MINISTRY. ' ing truth came out, that the cup was dashed from of good government and of tranquillity these manifesta- I CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. i PRICES OF CANAL, DOCK, ASSUR, MARKET INTELLIGENCE. ' FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZE TTE.
; .0- .---ei,..-
1 ----.._ their longing lips, and the dejected and chop-fallen tions of Toryism were regarded with sad forebodings, (YESTERDAY.) ANCE COMPANY SHARES, &c. &c. are. LORD CH AMBERLAIN'S-OFFICE, Mel- .17.
WESTMINSTER. countenances of those who, two days before, had ben which, however, gave place to congratulation sie .sere t Notice is hereby • h h M • • 'll hld a Levee,
given, tat er . ajesty wi o
tsT itg,„,„
h noires. Annum. &GAIL-The quautity of British Mutat g at St. James's Palace, on Wednesday next, the 22d inatant, at
, , -' seee•sN's-IN-THE-Fteens.-A requisition has revelling in the hope of a long lease of power, afforded and triumph when Sunday's packet announced the 1 V EIY CO UR T. LONDON, FRIDAY, MAY 17.
neen drawn up, and is now in course of signature in the an amusing example of the mutability of human hopes. unexpected news of the restoration of a Liberal Go- No triel of any interest took place in this Court. At Number Dividend (From the London New Price Current ofionMasyul 7,,r. )on ',' ,
' two o'clock.
above parish, per CANALS. which how revail has restricted business, and the purchases
per p ,
calling upon the inhabitants in vestry as- The Peel Ministry bag fallen a victim to its own cupi- vernment to office. The Conservatives were of course five o'clock the Grand Jury presented a great number of show this week being email, together with the high prices
( gerahlad to address her Majesty upon the noble stand dity and insolence ; the Liberals are again in office ; and bitterly disappointed. Judges Burton, Bushe, Johnston, true bills for felony and misdemeanors, when after an ad- *
ease ee Ashby- -e-le..Zouch Average 11;11.sh 701 poses ; a better assortmens may, ..owever, seor. y e
f 'ls h tl b looked Notice is hereby given, that her Majesty
have been limited for the scale as well es for refining pur- LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S-OFFICE,
wMisitlehcoilid 2 jr,avrTg9... ,
1 she has made in defence of her just prerogative. the country has escaped the worst of all political in- and Torrens, suspended their intended resignations, and dress from the Recorder, they were discharged. 1.760 7 per cent. Ashton and Oldham- Average 971. eitiasi.ds•h. Sr1:131:9:
1,260 Basingstoke lool.Bh.
flictions-a Tory Government The Tory Journals the country is saved from deciding on ihe relative In the course of the day, Ann Basley, who was yester.
I), GREAT MEETING AT LIVERPOOL TO CON it e c: D e a:a : ' a
100/. sh. 1(1401
1,005 51, Breeknock and Abet gavenny 150, stt. 90
ah. 0/ 6s. Birmingham, 1-16th
,share
w, . , ,
sit a, 71/ 2.23 day the private sales war y , y
d dTi - I J a h
ay, an 1111 s( ay, une -0t .
i ' tee us teat ..eir esoeert um not intene to change all the clnims and merits of Messrs. Litton, Lefroy, Shaw, day convicted before the Recorder in the other Court, was
.8i.,n,...,
~,),... 735 for, sev eralves s el s ha v,inegoanririv ei3doo ffonth\evecodansets.d,Ov nBOT, u:nist-i ro?eoli(nesk ii:._t Sit
1.,
uJra,dmaeys,'si‘ll'aayl a2c:e3do, nto
etles
leebfroaltleowbienrgmtal
jaeybsty
,ast
bitrwtbo
: URATULATE THE QUEEN ON HER FIRM. N.8.-The Knights of the several Orders are to appear in
I NESS DURING THE RECENT MINISTE. female personal attendants of the Queen, but only such Jackson, and Blackburne-all, of them (save the last) brought up to re.ceive judgment. She had stolen a tea-
t and other articles of plate, of the value of 100/., the 400 4/. Chelmer and Illackwatcr
poroalus,nutonnct.ll6o/.l.sfsit:.lri
ppdd 43 yesterday 350 hhds, making the sales for the three days
their Cellars, at her Majesty's Drawing-Rooms, on Thursday,
67)0
31.
BDriitdtgoeawriadt
eLri
av
ieuir
Ai
nt iaoy hi
rh, dssoavnned
mt ice
arcs
ue
rs
e. Tb
el 1 e
al 23d, being for the celebration of her Majesty's Birth day ;
I RIAL CRISIS. a proportion as would show that her new Ministers pos. Honourable Members, and aspirants after judicial Po
five sovereigns and other moneys 7t'545
p.,oapryartyt o,f Noir.. Barrow, of Giltspur-street, her master. 500 451. Csventry
a sessed her confidence. This may, or may not be true ; hhnours. By the way, I must not omit to mention the Croydon
a garrei ab
to
and" on Thursday, June 20th, being a Collar-day.
LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY MORNING. 10 / h t
1 Yesterday a meeting of the Reformers of Liverpool but the fact is not denied that he claimed the power of mishap of that stupendous orator and ereat statesman
property 0 • • , 1 060, 4i 0. Dudle
I db h •(1 'ooo' :f
p ace yersi e. le,. • Derbvy 100/.511. 8.0 ft ae ldl i ntgo o
tffi 1 ion t
Eh ep
soopneir art
ai ociel
.. . a v
was announced to take place in Clayton-square, for the his discretion e Emerson Tennent wh 'B
1
new modelling the whole Household at . . , o sent specially to e fast to can- . thie B 'll
•f. rf
cEteaßlienfl her master, was
The RECORDER, after remarking upon the breach of
n•Nii a lees t e re. A velrit; g181•3M J) d 958 •
show no variation for the better kinds, or for brown and
(' •'-• 9° from town Prices, as compared with those of this day week
WAR-OFFICE MAT 17.
Ja• sh mid yellow sorts : there ha;# been no auction of Barbadoo!, 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards-Cornet V. Tuthill to be
and of course the power of deciding who should remain, vass for the vacancy which his acceptance of office un- 14.9ean 4 per cent. Ganune and I, i
~..7,351:
64f.. Elewsamxe a
1004 so. 775
purpose of voting an address to the Queen. The day trust of which they had been found guilty, adjudged that
and none is declared. Berlsice and Demerara of low mid Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Campbell, who retires ; F. J. ,
was singularly inauspicious. I d •t h and who should be turned out, without regard to the der Sir Robert Peel would create. His friends were L
teey each be transported for ten years. 1,297 301. Forth and Clyde ....AS crave 1.4•101.16 s. th. 615,
n espi e, owever, of
Queen's personal preferences or attachments. Even had hard at it, when countermanding orders reached them, 10•0.......... . ,600 101 Grand Junction
this drawback, the attendance was great, exceeding, in ' 2,t849f 14 Grand Union 1001.51, a4l 655, and better for the pan 675. St, Vitieents good grey 675, 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards-Cornet and Adjutant I.
iimi. Rh. lees, yellow quality fetch 643 6d a 655, not quite so good Jamaica lbbetson, Gent., to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Tuthill, May 17. I
itaa.sh. 20 _
principle been on his side, every man of ordinary communicating the mortifying intelligence of Sir Ito- POLICE INTELLIGENCE. : Lsoo
the opinion of many, five thousand. Nothing could ex- tool
feeling will grant, that the rigid and unqualified enforce- bert's discomfiture. The Member for Belfast was thus ----ele.-.-___ 0,0001 41. percent. Ditto (optional) Loan
ceed the enthusiasm of all present ; and her Majesty 3 596
,‘ ,
MARYLEBONE. obe Cornet by urchase, vice I
retires; M. al Kay, Gent.„ . p
cannot feel otherwise than gratified at an address voted irl of nineteen
ment of such a rule upon a young g was left in quiet possession of his seat. 600 131.125. ad. Glamorganshire, Aver, cost 1721. 13s. 4a. 23( .rt -• l • th • •t• i k 1 al further dimi-
se sui pus In e compara ive s.oc si .
t. 3 Demerara with a good deal of colour t'or the scale at the same It. N,Varn,er to have the rank ofbLieutenant,
.M ay 16 ;. Cornhet
~
1501. sh. 203
to her by a meeting so numerous, respectable, and an act of cruelty and tyranny. We go, however, , - A miserable-looking little man entered tbe office, ac- 749 10t. Grantham
14th Regiment of Light Dragoons-- Lieut. 11. E. Doherty'
still farther. The practice of filling the Royal House- TRURO-WEDNESDAY. companied by a strapping woman, whose face was rendered 6,'1%
21'
())1
Kensington 100 sh all pd. 10-i tierces more than at this period in 1838.
united, On the motion of 'air. BOLTON, seconded by , to be Captain by purchase, vice Phelps, who retires ; Cornet .
Porde, Slay 17.
Huddersfield Average a7t. 65.6 d. sin aal nished, and by the last returns it was only 1,895 hlids and
still more repulsive by the numerous red angry pimples seses 11. ss. Kennet and Avon, Aver. 39/. 18s. 100. sh 2S hut tne
This afternoon importers required full prices',
Mr. Moetweese, James Brancker, Esq., was called to hold with the retainers of the party in power, strikes 2,8971 301. Leeds and Liverpool 1004 sh. 740
the chair. us as ao abuse growing out of that state of vassalage (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 110/ sh Q2B demand was very limited from grocers as well as re,Thers ; R. H. S. Barry, Gent., to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Ro- /
A. Robertson to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Doherty ; i
N-What I can I 545/ 151/.- Leicester
of Britain had
to which the aristocracy . been gradually The events that have recently happened in the political do for you ; you seem
, 1,897 6/. Os- Leicester and Nortbampton A ver. +:3l. 'Os. 90 the purchases for the week amount to only 750 lilide and bertson, May 17th. ~
The CHAIRMAN said they had met upon a somewhat ment in ornwall as in grea is
world have caused the rreatest excite • C • t d tress ? Applicant_er
a am, indeed, Sir ; anu 2.400 me ' Monmouthshire 1001. sh. 202 , bOth Regiment of Foot-Lieutenant J. 'Weir tn be Captain, 7.
reducing the Crown from the reign of William the Third Km eh. 200 tierces. •
important occasion. The meeting had doubtless heard witZrw. litizcAliwiltAs:so_ adorned..
tao 101. slalton slowbray without purchase, vice O'Hara, deceased ; Ensign H, Need- 't,,
of tho late attempt of the Tories to take possession of to that of George the Third. We leave the case in the in
well as every where elsge. This day week the Tories t'vere hope your Worship will speedily relieve me from my
high glee, when the mail brougl4 down the news of the trouble. 500 251. Mersey and Irwell
3.000 U. 10s. Macclesfield I 001. sh . 560
UM. sh all pd 51 REFINED.-The home trade h :vs again bacti free buyers
of Refined noods and they were Compt•ileG tO ' I ieut-nant vice Weir Nov 07 • Ensign li 11111 to 1
the Government, and of the Queen along with it. The hands of the ladies of Britain* Let them reflect on the retirement et• Lord Melbourne and tee vphia Administsas Mr. RewatssoN-Wbat trouble ? Applicant-A shock- 2a7 174 Neat li
104 ther advance of Is to Is 6d standard lumps in large parcels be j- •- P , 7 • I „, 1
Queen had, b h fi 1 1
yer rmness, saver toe country from Tory condition of a young girl of nineteen, full of warm affection. The' •hlkh *, h f 'fh T ' • bd le (pointing to his better half ), and there she
Tans cerwo is t c .actotum ot e ones ing awi 2,100 51. Peak Forest a vei -ge about 7Ptl. sh. . , . , ,
1,418 128. Regent's (OT London) Av. 33/. Its. Bd. sh. i•I having been sold at 82s to 824 6(1, browns lumps at ,93 to 3' P• . .
b • a -chase, has been cancelled; Nli . M. Farquharson, Crent•, 4
domination, and they were now met to convey to her Ma- tions, told by a stony-hearted politician, that she must the mainstay of his party, was seen chuckling with his as. stands, and I wants to be disvorced from her. 5,060 61. per cent. llochdale Average 851. sh 112 Th, , to be
.I. lsign without purchase, vice 11111, May 17.
eu ana common pai,ent goods at 81s ; most of the Sugar --'` - ' to c• , s ~ -. .. ,- 1 i
sod Fooit-Capt. o . ssccies, srom tne nalt-pay on tne bt 1 •
jesty their most earnest thanks, and to entreat her 'Majesty part from the friends of her youth-with every one whose sociates, over a letter from Ennis Vivian, the Tory repre- Wife (grat.ng . .
; her teeth together -Drat you I'll serve 500 84 Shropshire
) - ' sat) 9/. 10s. Somerset Coat rl5/. sh, 138
I r,O/. sh. 1511 houses are now cleared out. For shipping some businoss
Drao•oon Cissards, to be Captain, vice J. Bentham, who es-
candalusing my character to his Worhi
face brought tidings of gladness, and accommodate her- sentative, and all things were going on gaily in the irnag- you out for s 7 . . a p. :verse 4i per cent Ditto I nck Fund Stock ...... ...121. 10s. sh. 111 has been done in Crushed manufactured from Foreign
to continue her confidence to the present Government, cliai';ees ; le le. A. Purvis, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
and thereby to keep the country from those evils which self to the society of persons she scarcely knows, whose ination of the Conservatives. But how brief was their Mr. IZAwLINsoIi-W e don't sit here to grant divorces •
D s' Cemmons if -
you want one but 58) . Stafford and Worcester
. ' 7 4:1. •Sh re wslin r y
125/. sh. 280 Sugar Sit 363. vice Denison, proneoted, Slay 17.
pay a for- 1 team to bt - . , , , ._ , . _ . . ,
always followed a Tory Government. An address had company she does not desire, and whom she scarcely re- gaiety I The mail on the Sunday merning announced the you must go to octor
money with you or it
'e° '47 2/ Os Stourbridge ........„ ... 145/. sh. 320
tratford-on-Avoi. st eerage 791. 95. ted. sh. MAURITIUS. -There has been a good demand, particu- 60th Foot- I i•ee. .lion. A. C. L. Fitzroy to be Second Lieu-
vice Price, who retires, Slay 17.
45 larly for the lower descriptions, and prices have improved tenant, by purchase,
been- prepared, which neither praised the former con- gards as any thing else than spies. What woman, vvith ' Al. A pocket full of money IV I ' 3') . ' '
y, arn t a 533 161. Swansea
glorious determination of the Queen not to be mind you take a pocket full of - • •', aOO 91. S
lOW sh 2.50 , • ri Evatt to be Adjutant vice Moody,
duct of the Ministry nor otherwise. They, perhaps, shackled b the wil and intriouing Baronet of use. pp icant-
the spirit and heart of a woman, would even accept of a Ta y - y ' - takes care of that. ~
~5,•,76•2 Ii• 's4' Severn and Wye and Railway Ay. 35/. sh. 39 6d per cwt for brown and grey qua.litites, but yellow 70th Foot-Ensign ... • , , ,
all deplored vvith him (the Chairman) that tile progress Crown on such conditions ? Wife (with a triumphant chuckle)..-Yes, and I mean `"Aileer• 9 •
mworth. The Reformers were now as de_ farden to bless myself with : ray wife
vated as the Tories were depressed. The poor clerk, who 4 .21 10s. Trent and Mersey f share
es ana : tdway Aver. .. s. t. a . .
1,1 5 IILOI/. shh. 50.25 sorts cannot be quoted dearer ; 10,649 bags at pub- promo , . .
ted • J G Frasei', Gent. to be Ensign, without pur-
of Reform had not been so rapid of late years as it had had another letter of a different stamp to the former, to take care of it, too. 1.0005h.1 is, Tham ' M '
Warwick aad Birmingham . 100/.sh 281 74th Foot-Lieut H. 11, I hompson to be Captain, by pur-
BRISTOL. 6's middl'
i , mg to good middlirg 65s to 665, low , .
Oh dear 1
Applicant- • I,ooossh.l ' II h • I
he sale sold readily, good yellow at 663 6ii to chase, Slay 17. -
ought to have been-it was to be hoped it would now looked terribly chap-fallen, and could with great difficulty
Wife-Oh dear, indeed, you're a pretty feller for a dis- 950 15.. Warwick and Napton lOOl. sh. 901 , retires ; Ensi nJ. Miller to be
(From the Bristol Gazette of Thursday.) middling 643 to 64s 6d, good middling strong c9ase, vice oug ton, w so:
ThoTpson g,• J. Duff, Gent. to
be otherwise. squeeze out a smile in reply to the jeers of the Reformers. 0,000 41.05. Worcester anc Birmingham Av. 781.85. sh 7'24 . Lieutenant, by purchase, Nose.
The firmness evinced by our gracious Sovereign in re- T d "Th ' 1. ; • I t• •orce-v , wot would you do without me ? Who'd ma. 5,000 2.55. Wilts and Berko Average 67/. 10s. 8(1. sh. 25 gt --.,
1•251. sh 75 fineev br6(4)vst he Ensign, by purchase, vice mu ler, olay 17.
WlLLtaas WALLACE Cueete, Esq., stepped for- ! he a age, ere s many as ip twixt tse cup and tee % y . .
nage arid keep the family in order as Ido ? There's hour F-T,(61 31 yr and Essington
633 Gil to 64s ; pm vately some business 86th Foot-Lieutenant A. Stewart, from the half-pay lit
sisting the petty attempt to domineer over her incline- lip," was never more completely realized than on this oc- rvisgiVtch
ward to propose the first resolution. The country, he tions, and to make-what no other lady irk England is casion. last pledge of love, Jeremiah, that I've transformed into a etra li. Wey awl a run- 1101. sh. 2'2.1 .
'os"h• i') has been done at similar rates ; the deliveries have in-
said, had hied a great esca d • b h d h
pe, an it e ove t em to creased, and last week were 525 bags larger than during the 69th Regiment i.f Foot, May f 7 ; Ensign H. C. Faulkner
subjected to-her private friendships and the choice of Several Reformers, on Monday, thought of having a perfect cherubim. DOCKS.
profit by it as much as possible ; he trusted they wer ' Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Dalgeay, appointed Paymaster of
the corresponding week of last year. The stock is 47,122 to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Stewart, who retires ;A• 1
e her domestic society subservient to the tyranny of public meetieg, to address the Queen on her noble con- Applicant-You call him a cherubim, I stpose, as he's e,6°oBe 13 p , Commere a) 'ool. sh. 661
1,065104 a • • bags more than in 1838 at this period. Leeky, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Faulkner,
not so imprudent as not to take proper advantage p ty will strike a chord of admiration in every duct in resisting the demands of Sir Robert Peel ; but always crying through the whacks you give him. East and West India Teel 111
of such a God-send. It was a subject on which •ar ' there was want of information. Everywhere, however, the Wife-And I'll whack you when I get you home, and 1,238,31014 555. p.m la.indo.n
manly breast, to the discomfiture of those dirty Ditto eon&
1 he mialet congratulate the meeting ; but the Tory eople were in a state of exultation et the spirited conduct then you may go to Doctor's Cornmone and yet cured. to be
2,2.09 2/. 1os. Bristol
101 trade, and prices have fur her improv,d 6d per cwt ;at 97th Foot-Ensign G. M. Gowan to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Itur rows, who retires ; R. Sutton, Ge nt.,
creatures whose vocation is to war upon women P
ouf
Lll:er Majesty, and that feeling of' indifference towards the auction 2,877 bags sold readily, good middling to good white
greediness and Tory over-reaching had caused a change She then cast a disdainful look at her partner, and reenee 5/. per cent. Ditto Notes, various amounts ll2
and who have been and are now busily engnged in' Ensign, by purchase, vice Gowan, Slay 17.
in the whole domestic policy of the country. Not 1,352,752 5 per cent. St. Katharine
stock 109 s at 67s to 68 66s 6d, damps 6 i t 6
ribald sla d
n ers uponthe Ladies of the Royal Household. ''''''gs which had so frequently manifested itself here of strode out of the office. The latter followed her with
1011 washed 65s to 66s ; privately swine parcels have been sold -
to go further than Ireland, he would ask what would 500,m) 41 per oent. Ditto Bonds
ch.e.ir labours may be spared ; the Queen has shown a late immediately gave way, and a spirit of enthusiasm much fear and caution. 200.000 4 per cent. Ditto Bonds tor 10 years lOO at similar rates ; seine arrivals are off the coast. In Manilla Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of Somersetehire.
have been flie consequence to that country if there had was evinced, for the Whi NV • h • d • --- e.•-_-_- -
4500 ..... Deptford riei 'ale sh. 201. pd 11 North Somerset Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry.
sr int not to be intimidated or coerced, and will not • g , unetry aving steppe In to Q UEEN-SQUARE. BRIDGES. I several sales have been made, principally for refining here -
been a Tory Ministry ? Even if Sir Robert Peel h,ad relieve the Queen from Tory trammels, that could never P. S. Miles Esq., to he Captain ; J. 11. W. P. S. Pigott, I
sPwerve from her purpose. In the words of Lord John BRUTAL oUTRAGE RY SOLDIERS, IN HYDE-PARK. 1,600 los. Haminersmit. 501.0i. '2l under bond, and although a large parcel is adv,•rtised for
I determined upon governing Irela d ' •
' n upon principies have been aroused under other circumstances. The caus
Russell, " the country and the world will be convinced of Reform needs nothing but good leaders, men of energy
e Seth Hetichcliffe and Brno Gifford, two privates in the 7,2.11 Southwark, Old
f t C • f Y omanr • Cavalry W. Beadon Eel to 1
aun on orps 9 e . ). •. , 7 , , of , _
which he might have deemed the most expedient, upon C3ent.., to be Lieutenant, April 27th.
"• h h
Ist Regiment Grenadier Guards, were charged wit t e ' u d• • • 'd l• h Is n
100 y. sh. ok supporta ,an in some Instances even b a*. v ance as cc be Captain, vice Greenhill, resigned ,G. Elers, Gent. ,to 1) 1
3,000 Waterloo ...
I 700 11. 15s. Ditto, New, of 71 r cent. 5O/. sh. 14 , i
whom could he have depended for his I
support as to t le •
that neither the sex of her Majesty prevents her from and honesty, and of determination to march onward, to be bo • • •H d k
owing daring outrage in y e-par -:- 5,000 225. Od. Ditto, Old Annuities of 81. 6O/. pd 231 obtained 24s has been paid for 2,000 bans brown. Lieutenant, vice 13eadon, promoted, Slay 10.
actual condition of the country ? Upon whom but those being possessed of courage, nor does her age prevent successful. Talk about the advance of conservatism id d i -
• ' nee , Edward H. Hill, a stationer, residing at No. 1, Tufton- 5,000 19s. 3d. Ditto,BNew Ditto of 71 40/. pd 201 MOLASSES.-West India are wanted, Cut the short supply Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire.
whose lutes had been s ' h ld• '
pent in up o ing wnat was called her having great discrimination and a sound and firm it is sheer nonsense ! The people are in their opinions, as i Wt. t sttdht M d ft It
p ace, es mins er, ,a e t a on on ay a ernoon as , 30,000/ 51. per cent. Ditto onth iFO
5,848 17s Vauxhall... ...... ~.Avarage 1 s t d hbi ss and for small parcels buyers Royal Radnor Militia.-J. A. Whittaker, Esq. to be Captain,
701. 10s. 3d. sh. 251 ia praven e muc us ne ,
understanding." much for Reform as they ever were, and that would be have been compelled to pay rather higher prices ; the vice E. D. Thomas, resigned, April 4. .
Protestant ascendancy ? The situation in which her Ma- about half.past four, he was walkine through Hyde-park, ASSURANCE eOSIPANIES.
- pretty plainly evidenced, if there were any measures when his attention was taken by a *horse that had thrown e,OOO we se, 50/. pa 74 lowest point of the market for common to 335. per cwt.
31108 Albion
jetty was placed was one of the most interesting that could BRIGHTON. brought forward by the Government that deserved • • DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
COFFEE. -The stock of British Plantation remaining in I
be i e• T „ its rider, and his eyes following the course the animal took, ; ,„„, r 5 per cent./ All' e Britisn &Foreign lOW. sh. lOU. pd 15
lane WILLIAM HASHLTON MAXWELL, bookseller, Port- ,
. !mettle*" hey heard from Sir R. Peel that her Ma- A numerous meeting of the Brighton Constitutional their strenuous support. Let them have to fight tor he observed four soldiers brutally engaged in assaulting two 53'-' 1_ and 15s. first hands being extremely small, has prevented business of
JearY stated to him that she parted with her present and Liberal Association was held at the Sea House the Ballot, the Extension of the Suffrages., and 50,000 6 per cent. Ditto, Marine lON. sh. 51. pd tif rush in the county of Antrim.
b extr m 1 f eot.sh. 51. pd 141 moment, and for clean descriptions, which are wanted by
Mini oor women, and in such a manner as to e eey o - 9
Ett, . b ' H "4:(") 11. Per sh. Atlas .
stry (he would call tliem so, happily they were now Hotel, on Monday afternoon, for the purpose of con- ' Triennial Parliaments, under the banners of a pro- * MAS SVITH Is rP I
rri 0 i , gun ma -e , ar lament-street. '
•nsive to re,pecta le persons who were passing. e ad- la2ooash. 51. Birmingham I ire . 2501. sh. 55/. pd 107 i the grocers 120 s has been paid ; amongst the dealers for '
again in power), with extreme regret. He was happy sidering the present crisis in political affairs. Moses creasing Government whose motto is 7" onward," and it will vanced towards them, and said they ought to be ashamed ;,°,°°° 41 percent. British Fire .
~_ 250/. sh. 50/. pd 40 •
50/, sta. 5/. pd ddl.
6 MI ing Jamaica which is rather higher for ordinary and JOl-11\1 ALLEN, grocer, Alton, Hampshire.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
to regard this as a token, that so long as it pleased God Ricardo, Esq. vvas called to the chair. After some soon be seen, to the horror of the Conservative faction, that of such conduct, and intimated his intention of reporting ."s"o°° 61. per cent. British Commerc i
,00e 5/. per cent. Clerrcal & Me, to- ie, s.s . sp
1 1 L'f IC( 1 h 2110 d 4 unclean qualities, there however has not been much en" ARTHUR DUNN, chymical manufacturer, George's-row,
to keep the present Queen on the throne of these discussion it was agreed to send an address to the their power is all moonshine when put in contrast with the their conduct at the Guard-room. He then went towards 4,000 2/ 10s County 1001.3 h. 10/.pd 42 Cluiry the Coffee from the Cape being still taken as a Cit
mighty force of public opinion. If the Whigs will now take Engle - ' y-road.
realms, it was absolutely impossible that any but a Queen, expressive of the Association's hope that the Magazine, when the four soldiers surrounded and "'" SIL
C 5 per cent.? 10001. sh. 250/. pd 406 •
substitute, but no further decline in prices has been sub- BANKRUPTS.
advantage of the circumstances that have recently 2e° tand 301 bs. j E""mic Liw
liberal administration could be successful. Mr. Currie the Administration should partake of that liberal haP- pushed 'him about, at the same time making use of the mated to. Ceylon has secured a fair sale by private con- JOHN DAWS.ON, corn-dealer, Hanley, Staffordshire, Jun°
pene , .
d and infuse a more liberal s irit into their olic ' 2,271 225. per cent. European Li. • 9.0/. sh. all pci 22
read the first resolution :-" That a loyal and dutiful policy which would ensure such measures of P P Yr most filthy language. On his arrival at the Magazine, tract at 2s profit on the late auctions-for good ordinary 3, and 28, at twelve, at the Albion Inn, Hanley. King, Fur-
they may despise all the machinations of the Tories and 50,000 2s. Ditto, New 2O/. sh. 2/. pd II
address be presented to her Majesty, expressive of our practical Reform as are adapted to the timea rest safel and securel o the st nett f h 1 ' If
y . . y n reeio!epehpe.. he informed the sergeant of what had taken place, 1.000,000/. er, per ct Globe Stock 135 a, 98s to 1003 has been paid, and 107 s for fine green : nival's Inn ; Cooper, Tunstall, Staffordshire Potteries.
, and then turned round to pursue his way, when the sol- 20,000 51• Guardian lOO/. sh. 271,/ pd 3S.i none has been offered at auction, the stock being all held JOHN ADRIAN I,IEYER, merchant, Great Tower-
high admiration of her Mi 'fi d d 'd d 1 • 'ls h h t f the people howL
)jesty s rm an eci e con- ant consistent wit te c. arac er o .ver, with their offices they resume their finality policy, •• • h 40,000 6s. fid. Hope 50/. sh. 51. pd 51 wo, and June 21, at eleven, at the
street, City, May 29, at t
°ler& in t e rese
p nce of the sergeant, set up a hooting b th deal rs Java has been inquir
y e e . d f d h
e or, an t e re-
-2,400 51. 71. 6sl. Imperial Fire 500/. sh. 50/. pd 1374
duct on the occasion of the recent ministerial negocia- and the constitution of Great Britain ; els° expressing their doom is sealed-they cannot stem back the f 1 '
power u hnson Basin hall-street official
Court of Bankruptcy. .IE.. , g , ,
tion after him, and Hencheliff• seiz d him shook him violeotly 7 aoo 9s Imperial Die 100/. sh. 10/. pd 101 mainder of the late arrivals from the Cape, about 1,300 bags
St and declaring our gratitude to her MajeetY for the the Society's opinion that Vote by Ballot alone could opposition of the Tories, and withstand at the same time and tore his 1, e , „ , * • • , el. •
coat. Complainant turned rouna to the ser- 13,458 4/. per cent. Indemnity . anne Ka sh• 81. Pi 25 have been sold, fine pale yellow at 795, and common green hearman and Slater Great Tovrer-stree •
assignee ; Templer, S . , „....,
many Proofs she has given of her attachment to liberal ensure to the people a free exercise of the Elective the indifference of the people. There had been reports ffeant, who was withi la. d • • d
n twenty yards of un, an inquire 2,020 31 104 Kent Fire 50/. sh. all pd 9.2 a
d 11 t 7-- M h h b • d
501. pd 79 n ye ow a as. oc a as een in goo request at tne
, GEORGE COLLIS, ironartemger, Romford, Essex, ota7
and constitutional principles." Franchise. The address was ordered to be engrossed here that Lords Durham and Brougham, and Normanby, whether he countenanced mat, d t h• hth
se con uct ;ow lc c ser.. 31. Ditto Life.
10;100 Irk Law Life . lON. sh. 104 pd 291 rates previously established; 946 bales at auction were all "7, at two and June 28, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
had been sent for ; and it was with considerable regret that eat. sh. 12/. 10s. pd 1,1 Clark N,•
B d t t 'Veer Broad-
, els roa -s reet-coor , i . _ . ,
street official as-
sold at and after the sale, the bulk at 95s to 96s 6d for fair •
Joatette WaemsLar, Esq. seconded the motion for upon vellum, and after receiving the signatures of the geant replied-" It se ri
['ITS you h •
alit " Complainant then :emu los. London, Fire
051. sh. 12/. 10s. pd la signee ; Lofty and Potter, King-steeet, Cheapside.
• this address. Wh ' b f h A • • b f d d h•
en they looked at the narrow escape mem ers o t e ssociation, to e orwar e to is ,
when the Monday's journals arrived, nothing was found in walked away 1, d h h d
aa-a ; eut had not got many yar s, wen t e e- 3,900 10s. London, Ship
1,000,0001. ... ..... Minerva Life 1001. sh. green clean garbled, a tew lots lols to 106 s for bold yel- JAMES HABBIT CUNNEW, victualler, Fenchurch-
nfirmi
tnem co ng such reports.
the people had made from the domination of that faction Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex for presentation. fendant Henchcliff) t wards him, struck him a violent 500,0001.
L ran o National Loan Fund 9-1. ss.:Pd 21 lowish, and 81s to 82s for Triage. The trade generally have street, May 24 at one, and June 28, at twelve, at the Court of
Yesterday a requisition was got up and numerously U. per cent. Palladium I...ite SW. sh. 2/. id n/ Ss •
with whorii power was only another name for oppression, ' blow on the side of the head which felled him to the earth • 30," 1 - still an aversion to Brazil ; and the whole of 600 bags at public Bankruptcy. Belcher, official assignee ; Heatheote and I-1°1"
NEWCASTLE. signed, after which it was presented to the Mayor, and his ' 50,000 4/. per cent. rrotector Fon 204 sh. '2l. pd 16s Od ,
and. considered vrhat would be the state of this Worship has called a public meeting for Friday evenin , and another soldier coming up vrhile in this defenceless si '2,500 I/. Provident Lite lOO/. sh. 10/. lid '2O sale imported from the Cape were taken in at 51s to 52a 6d inan, Coleman-street.
eat
(From the Tyne Mercury.) g tuation, they beat and kicked him for several minutes, fre- 00,000 ss. Rock Life °W. sh. I/. pd 6i for ood and fine ordinar with the exce tion of 18 ba s STEPHEN WILLIAMI3URRIDGE, linen-draper, Gr
g Y, P g , n
country, and more especially that of Ireland, if "to consider the propriety of addressing her Majesty on • , • 89,2201 5/. per cent. Royal Exchange Stock... 227 Dover-road Surrey May 24 at tvvelve, and June 28 at eleve , i
It seems that neither his Grace nor Sir Robert cnuld , quently taking him up from the ground, and deshing nim 0,000 5 per cent. University Lite mai. sa. 51. rd yi which being rather cleaner fetched 53a 6d, being its full , , • eet, I
again git en up to the tender mercies of the Rodens, the 1. ' 1 • • d h h
present po itica crisrs, an to express a ope t at tue at the Court of Bankruptcy. Whitmore, Basinghall-str
succeed in what was the great ambition of their souls- down again. While they were so engaged another of the 50,000 4 per cent. United Kingdom Life 100/. sh. 51. pd 71 value ; since the sale apart of the best has been sold at 535.
the Winchilseas, and the alien L •ndhursts, they
3' in what, at least, was the main cause-the summunt Ministers she has restored to her Councils will uphold her official assi ne • Sol Alde bur •
g e , e, rman y.
JOINT SfOCK BANKS.
party called out " Kill the ," and complainant think. TRA. -The operations have been very limited since the C ntry'
had indeed reason for sincere congratulation. It Royal prerogatives, and at the same time promote the • '25,000 8 per cent. Agric and Com. of Ireland 25/. sh. 10/. pd THOMAS PARKER, ribbon -manufacturer, ove
was to the firmness and decision of their virtu- bonuni, the Alpha and Omega-the polar star of Sir cause of Reform." The meeting will, no doubt, be a ver ing they were about to carry this mandate into execution 5,000 Australa.ia 4Ol. sh. 40/. pti 69 ,
sale, but in prices there is no change; most of the cats- ink-
Slay 28, at one, and June 28, at eleven, at the Court of 13
~
ously patriotic Queen that the d h •
y owe t eir es- Robert Peel's ambition. Indeed, ambition, like that of nutnerous one. y called " Murder !" on vvhich the two soldiers ran away. memo 10 per cent. Bank of nil ininehain Of!. sh. 10/. pd 13 logueS are out for the June sale, and it is estimat
(0,000 10 per cent. Birmingham Bank . 5O/. sh. 51. pd 10 ed that
1 the quantity which will be offered will be much the same ru tcy Hudson, Bucklersbur London ; Edwards, Frederick 1-
cape from Tory misrule ; and he trusted they Milton's Satan, has been his ruin. He had what he The Tories have been canvassing. They are always on h d • e
He was unable to rise for some minutes, and when he
3) 000 5 per cent. London and Westminsterlool sh. 20/. pd 231 plaPee %Old J ffi • 1 •Y'
ewry, o cia assignee.
would ever support her in the maintenance of her just the alert and the h
wished withiu his grasp, but the inordinate spirit-the , our of danger seldom finds them un- a partiaey recovered he obtained the names of tWO fe- 60'000 5/ London Joint Stock 5lll sh 10/ pd las
males who had witnes ,1 is d ld • h ', 4 ' • ' •' ' - *". k 450 000 lbs.
see tee outrage, an an o man w o .4000 per cent. Lancaster 1001. sh. SO/. pd So wee were ,
as at the last sale : the deliveries from the warehouses last GEORGE BARRON, builder, Davies tree Berkeler•
-s
' he Court
square, May 28, at two, and June 28, at twelve, at t
burets-
prerogative, and enable her to carry out those prin- d. Little has as
desire of something unpossessed-which is perhaps PrePare yet been done by the Reformers, had been also knocked d because he entreated theta 25"'''° Liverpool 1001 sh. 10/. pd 231 Rum, BRANDI'. AND HOLLANDS-For Jamaica Rum prices of Bankruptcy. Howell, Hatton-garden; Groom, Abe
own, 50,000 71 per sent Manchester and Liver.]
ciplcs of freedom to which she had shown her devoted better expressed by the fearfully-devouring demon in who are divided, some being for Tooke and others for not to kill complainant. pool Distriat sol.sh. 151 pd 1:4 reinain firm. Leewards, importers have obtained prices lane, official assignee. London'
attachment. Had her Ministers evinced half her firm- Turner 11r Tur
I3eckford's tale of " Vathek," where he swallows hun- fa • • • ner has given the Reformers great satis- Henry Ingrew, an old man, residing at Kensington, con. 20,000 7 percent. Manchester t,
100/. sh. 25/ pd '27 full up to those of last week ;30 puns of the former have PIETER VAN DEN ENDE, wool-merchan e ae, at
dreds of children, and at every gulp reiterates " more! ction by his votes, but still there are very many who firmed M 11.1 P l d • 2° 000 Provincial Bank of Irelandloo/. sh. 251. pd 44/ been sold for 5s 6d for 33 per cent overproof, of the latter wall, London, and Milton, Kent, Slay es, and Jin Gra"
ness-had they considered the Reform Bill a means r. 1 s account. He mere y sal it was a '
se,*oo National Bank of Ireland s‘•/. sh 1711. pd 10 11 street.
twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy Basinglia.•-• „.„o.,,eroad, '
to an end, that end being good Government, and t" than even in the as irations of Satan hims If
more . . p e - would not support him if Mr. Tooke was again amongst
us, unless there was a bona fide an honest c • •
(edition when shame to ill use the man so, when he was knocked down. 10,000 5 per cent. National Pr,vincial Eng. 100/. sh. 35/. pd 20 150 puns have been sold, 30 to 38 overproof at 5s 2d to
ham Basin hall t th •• i •- ' • A lehY, "3-P
have laid the hand of extinction upon his hopes, and pa- : ' , Two respectably dressed females, mother and daughter, ihoa'tol Ditto New ln& sh• 101 Pd 1"! 55 sd, proofs to 8 over 3s 4ld to 3s Bd. For Brandy, ~ g -s reet, o alas assignee, s.pp
boldly endeavoured to carry out those progressive re- ais thought by man h b li, f h
ytatot o t em would be returnee Gloucestershire 501. sh. 10/. pd 20 • Bedford-row
e Selvrood,
r e s have slightly improved
.... Genera at late rates. c
forms which are essential to the peace and hap- ralyzed poor wretched Toryism for ever. as there have been, it is said, nearly sixty removals, deaths,
' had also witnessed the affair from first to last. They 6,000 10 er cent. Hampshire
P 50/. sh. 5/. pd 9 P-1--e HRISTOPHER MORESBY, scr ne
• r From
we v
British Corn Spirits unaltered. Inn Frome,
described the conduct of the soldiers as most ruffianly. GAS LIGHT AND COKE COMPANIES. Somerset, June 4, awe 28, at eleven, at the George ,
plums of the country-they would never have wanted and other disqualifications amongst the Tories since th Gray'a
the BELFAST. e Defendants, in reply, said that complainant had called 2,500 163 04 Bath
g an
support of the people, nor vvould the Tories ever last election. There have been several meetings of Mr British 404 sh. 161. pd 21 lower prices. Pepper: 1,688 small bags Malabar were all Inn-square, London.
hav (From the Northern Whig.) • *hem lobsters, and had pushed them. They avoided any s,o°°Eseeercenel hens, Lin-
e had the opportunity of insulting their good and Tooke's friends, who are watching events with mu h • t '
c anxie y. 5,000 and Bs. da. Ditto Provincial 2Ol. sh. 19 pd 25 taken in at aid for good clean half heavy, but it has since HENRY HUDDLESTON BYRON, corn-mere ,
Already, thanks to the spirited conduct of the Queen, explanation of the material and more violent part of the . .ms Hotet,
gracious Mistress. It was now su osed that finalit - ---- - -------- assault. 928 5/ lOs Birmingham . 50/. sh. 98 been sold at 4iel to 4-i-d• Bengal at 103 for good bold coln, Slay 25, and June 28, at eleven, at the City ser
_, s
,n.
' and bit-and-bit reform were to b PP
e abandoned, and that
y the Peel Cabinet has perished, in embryo. The con- IRELAND. 1,250 '2l Os Bristol
Mr. GREGORIE thought the sergeant's conduct was most
.. duct of the Queen, in this instance, entitles her to the 2,')50 3, lOs Brighton 2O/. sh. us don ; Mason, Lincoln.
' henceforth more prompt and ener •
getic measures would ...._..,„....._. reprehensible. It appeared as though he had been inti- 750 3/ les Ditto, New
deep gratitude of the country. She has acted with a JOHN SPALI ' IJe 14 and
STER, upholsterer, Liverpoo , ua
20/. sh. all pd 17 shipping quality, for fine 70s is asked.
' be introdqced : but he should be wantin • d
gin can our to heour and decision which it w uld be ll •f• h
o we i er re- AIR. Hums: AND 1118 CONSTITUENTS.--On Monday ' • ' d f d • h 2 471 41 per cent Brig
, midated by his own men, instea oor ming tem avray, 5,000 ... 1 ' ' , .
Mon Getieral
1 C I'd d
an Os Contmenta memo i ate .... 75/. 6211. pd 100 PROVISIONS.-Foreign Butter at a slight improvement -."
28 at one at the Clarendon-rooms, Liverpool. Taylor, Shages
them and justice to himself did he conceal the opinion v - • • • • evening, at a meeting of the Citizens' Club in Kilkenny, and allowing complainant to pursue his journey. H
-e i;000 me • City ot London lOO/. sh. all pd 195 L d d 11°-
e ield, and Jackson, Bedford-row, London ; own es an
tored Ministers would imitate The Melbourne Minis- Ditto New
' that nothing short of vote by ballot, household suffrage, a *
and triennial Parliaments, with equal advantages to our
brethren in Irekraad, could give satisfaction to the 7,
try has had a lucky escape ; and its members would do
ell to consider whether or not the will stick b of the
V " 1 • la C • y d 'll f h y ti°n*
By
fina sty, t tat is, y onservattsm, an sti urt er several resolutions were passed strongly condemnatory
course Mr. Hume pursued on the Jamaica clues. liked to give.
his vote against Ministers on that occasion, was, however, willing to hear any explanation the sergeant 1.000 61.
4,000 St.os. Equitable
10,000 2e per cent. Imperial
The sergeant then went into a rambling
.story: the major _ ti= attli. i.er, =I. Isn'si;;,re'ntl,:::r sot. pa ••,45 cheaper. Bacon, prime quality is selling at 51s a 525.
50/. sh. 505
251. eh. SO/. pd 18
10/.0, all pd st, of first qua binson, Liverpool.
JOHN ELLIOTT, currier, Birmingham, May 27, and June
'I s• 0r...0w.- On the spot, 5.2 i 6d a 52s 9d for Yellow Caodle 28, at one, at she Royal Hotel, Birmingham• Nicholls, Cook's-
part of which was confirmatory of complainant s scount. 2 lity. For the last three months of the year 46s court, Lincoln's Inn, London ; Lefevre, 13irmingham.
masses, and again unite the great body of Reformers in al the Hon. Gentleman appears to have entirely lost. the 0.0110 4117er cent: Phoenix W..h• 3"1. Pd 2B a 46s 8d per cwt. ALEXANDER BLAXLAND, merchant, Sunderland, June
ienate the confidence fth
o e people, or adopt a When the complaint was first made to him, he desired the ,
1,000 4f. per cent. Ratcliff 1001. sh. 80/. pd 6.4
a firm and energetic support of the administration. Polley confidence of his constituents. One member of the
more in harmony with the spirit evinced by her Ma- person to come before the adjutant at ten the following 4,1,,,,0 Seuth Metropolitan 5O/. sh. 19/. pd I-2 Rtea.__East India is not cheaper, but the demand by 3, and 28, at one, at Kay's Hotel. Bishop Wearmouth, Durham.
, Nor would less searching measures give that meed • club (11r. Ha k ) d I d h M H
c ett cc are tati r. ume " had by • • Id b tt dd t I 8 200 4/. per cent. United General 5O/. sh. 461. pd 311 private contract has been only for small parcels, principally Swain, Stevens, and Co., Frederick's-place, Old Jewry,
e d b 1 1 d •
1 stv, an etter ca cu ate to give new vigour to their i • mornine, when his statement wou eaen e o. n.
'240 5/ er cent Warwick 501' sh' 50 for ex ortation ;at auction, 1,100 bags fine cargo Madras, London ;J. J. and G. W. Wright, Sunderland.
of justice to which the people were entitled.-(Loud ". us vote, not only paralysed the power that the consti A'' - 1 df• t t •• p ) P b.
waning power. - steau of going away, comp anent stoo or a minu eor wo 400 5/. per cent Wakefield
and protracted cheering.) tuency has made so many sacrifices to obtain, but had under 1 h hhh d b told it would be better 2,000 3/. west
a tree, a t oug e a een minster Chartered
' T. J. Croggon, manufacturer of imperishable stone, Marble
Ditto sew
Colonel Wutraits moved that the address which WATERFORD. • .
nearly been the means of bringing back upon Ireland to go as the men were excited. 6,000 12s.
780 51. per cent. Yarmouth 201. sh. lea pd W orks, College-wharf, Belvedere-road, Lambeth, June 7, at
• • • OILS.-The demand for common Fish Oils has been
they had just signified was necessary on the present occa- (From the Waterford Chronicle.) the party under whom intolerant ascendancy has been Mr. GREGORIE-But it has been sworn that, instead of WATER WDRKS.
only for small quantities for home use ; Cod and Southern eleven, at the Court of Bankruptey-IL Clark, hotel keeper,
sion. The Tamworth Baronet-he had been in the THE TOKIE D T AI
1 S EFEATED.- HE ELBOURNE AD. ever triumphant. If the members of the Citizens' Cluls preventing this person being ill-used, which it was your 1,800 101.
habit of listening to him-under that desi nation-and a 12 T ri I'd t f d i 1 • f f I fdt t d u encouraged the men, by saying it served I," ..„53!'
g MINISTRATION ....ESTORED.--iRELAND a'RIUMPHANT
crafty spirit he was-wanted to wind himself about the -The • 11' • I • h • .
inte igence containet in t e above lines was con- t i no come orwar a ter so g aring a orget u ness o uyoo, yo
the interests of Ireland on the part of the representative him right"
Ssrgeant-I do not remember haying said so to him, but Birmingham .
East London 251. sh. 2.5/ pd 20
100/. sh. 172 have main
5,500 r 10i Grand Junction Average 41/ ISs. 4d. sh. 69
2,000 2/. Kent
372 101. Liverpool Bootle . 100 .sh. ees r
nrices tained previous rates, but for Seal rather lower
have been accepted ; the accounts from the fishery dmeees,
Clarence Hotel, Bognor, Sussex, June 7, at twelve, at the
Court of Bankruptcy-J. Simpson and J. Windross, linen
p Bishopsgate-atreet, City, June 12, at twelve,at the Coart
220/. sh. as 6 being considered favourable, The stock of sperm is reduced of 13ankruptcy-H. M. Moore, iron founder, Maidstone, Kent,.
young Queen like a great snake-like a boa constricto d W fd b
r, veye to 'ater or y the Bristol steamer on Sunday. of this city, and declare in a manly and straightforward 500 2/ lOs Now River London Bridge Water Ann 62 to a low ebb and fur small parcels of first quality 95/. is paid. June 8, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy-P, J. Bedford,
to •
wind his folds about her, and then to cover her with It h manner their loss of confidence in Mr. Hume, they would l
I know I did to somebody ; I think it wa .to one of the fe- (3'486 2/ 10s slanchester and Salford .lOO/. sh. 543 • • ' - -s t-road June 8, at
was as unexpected as it was joyous, and spread wit ' - L dO lsld to a fair extent, chiefly for export at 26s dd. music seller, Percy .treet, Tottenham-cour ,
insee i o
ma es. 1,000 4 per cent. South London 100/. sh. 10, d T Wooster,
his slime
. and destroy ber, to render her fit for the receP- the rapidit of the lightning's flash throu I ut
g. io egery well deserve the contempt of every lover of Ireland."- me wHITE T • • I h h d
-it is quite c ear t at a you exercise e
• d 8 294 4/. West Middlesex Avensge 63/. 12s. 9d. sh. 103 i Rape continues to move off slowly, and prices have de. two, at the Court of Bankruptcy-T. Wooster an .
lye at
lion of the Grand Orange King Ernest of Hanover. He c- bY • df • h • The other members delivered opinions to the same effect. ' - i 360 11 14s York Building Co. Lessee Prop 100/. sh. 35 • 3.
1 over the men, this gross misconduct would ' chned to 38s ad for 1 ale, and 37s 6d for brovrn. In Olive Jun., coal factor', Coal Exchange, City, June 8, at tyre ,
part o. tee city, an ar into t e rural districts, bring- proper controu IRON RAILWAYS. t e ourt of Bankruptcy-J. Weddell ship owner, 13urr-st
h C reet,
there has been little passing, but prices remain firm. Of ....., , *
wanted te shut up the back stairs influence, that he ' •
mg joy and consolation to the people, who had well Dr. CA.NE proposed the first resolution, which with never h h d
aye appene . 6,300 Birmingham and Derby 7Ol. pd 461 .C. t Smithfield, June 8, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy-
might have her all to himself and his set. He did not, ni h b d d h 1 t d • t h th h
ga an one t emse yes o espair at e oug t all the others subsequently brought forward, were una- Mr. GREGORIE-And what is the excuse set up for as- 9,59° Birmingham and Gloucester
E. B. Broughton, tailor, Southampton-street, Covent-garden,
000 Bristol and Exeter 1001. sh. 95 pd 13 tion, and was only partly sold at 445 per cwt.
himself (Colonel Williams) like sinister influences, but of the accession of their ancient taskmasters to power, nimously agreed to. The first resolution declared- vaulting this poor old man, who never offended them ? 15,6(30 Calcutta and Saugur 5Ol. all. 2/. pd 04 June 10, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy--W. Baker,
the great antidote to sinister influences was an honest and bitter cha • h hl f • 11. h d •
grin to teun o y action, wic uring " That we consider a Parliamentary representative should Defendants, in the same breath-Oh, he called us lob- 7,500 Cheltenham and G.Western 100/. sh. 204 F 1 carpet manufacturer, Kidderminster, Worcestershire, Jane 19,
PRICE OF BREAD.
3,009 Clarence lOO/. sh. 100/ pd 35# at twelve, at the Lion Inn, Kidderminster-J. Smith, victualler,
House of Commons. Let them have that, and he did the few previous days chuckled with an impressible de- be the organ for carrying the sentiments of his consti- sters too. 12,000
not care if they packed the Court with all the bodies in light, because of the r d • f
ospect opene to it o. anotner 1) li
e tuency before the Legislative Assembly ; that to elect Mr. Gaeeostie-I do not -e. eve a single word of it ; 8,000 Dublin and Kilkenny 100/. sh. 5L pd ; Loaf, Good Bread may be had at Bd, Nottingham, June 11, at one, at the George the Fourth
and so far from complainant having stopped to talk or to 60,000 Eastern Counties 251. sh. 104 pd I 01, COAL MARKET.-May 17. Nottingham-J. Palmer, sen., Stapleford, Nottinghamshire,
GermanY, and the son of the great Autocrat of Mus- • • bh P •
reign of its a orred ascendancy over the Irish nation. such an organ is the declared use of the elective fran-
abuse the men it is clearly proved by three disinterested ...... ... Grand Junction 1001. sh. 05/. pit 205 s. d s. d. end T. T. Barker, Sandiacre, Derbyshire, cottcm doublers,
covy to boot. He did not, he confessed, like that fel- The reply of her Majesty to Sir Robert Peel was firm chise, while the name of representative implies such to be ' •
'tnesses that he was going on as fast as be could. 5,000 ...... ... Great North of England
Great Western
It/0/. sh. 65/. pd 73 Holywell Main lB 0 WaPs triad Hetton
21 0 Walls End Larribton "t' June 14, at twelve, at the George the Fourth Inn, Nottinghan'
'23 0 at
low. His father never did things by halves. He hoped and ma • • h 1 b •
gnanimous-et was suc a rep yas may e writ- the office, and the British Constitution declares such to gistrates ten consu ted, and having expressed 2,000
wiThe Ma " h I ' Hartlepool 100/. sh. 1001. pd 100.1 Tanfield Mou 2.1 0 Walls elm! Stewart's 23 3 -C. Crooke, cotton spinner Burnley, Lancashire, June 14,
he was not going to carry off our Victoria! We had, ten with a pencil of light, and handed down to the ad- be the commission and the duty of every Alember of the their opinion that the soldiers had been guilty of a most B,o°o
10,008 Hull and selby 501. sh. 25/. pd 141 West Tanfield
Leeds and Manchester 1001. sh. 5/. pd ,; Wylana• l5 0 Walls End Hartlepool '23 3 eleven, at the Bull Inn, 'Burnley-G. Clarke innkeeper,
19 r Walls End Brown's Deanery la 0 ,Shrewsbury, June 10, at twelve, at tne
, ' • hall,
Shire-
he added, an admirable Queen-let us keep her and miration of future generations-rather than submit to House of Commons." violent assault, convicted each defendant in the penalty Of 2,100 31. per cent. Leeds and Selby 100 3-11. oi Walls End Heaton ... ...... .. 21 0 Walls End Clarence Hetton 20 oea .
-an sb -J L f . StOCkVirt'
protect her. the insult and degradation sought to be imposed upon Mr. BANIII proposed the following resolution :- 5/ for the assault on Mr. Hill, and a further penalty of 5L 1,500 11.55. Leicester and Swannington .501. sh. all pd 75 Walls End Hilda •0 (i Walls End Gragwood ‘2o
~ .... rew. ury . omaz, paper menu aaturer, n.,,,
5,100 10 percent. Liverpool and Manchesterlal.sh. 1004 rid 1951 Walls End Kilungworth.... 20 I W Ils End Gordon
at
The Gallant Colonel then read the following address ; her. We have no doubt that the present Cabinet will " That while we are ready to give to Mr. Hume on H,•nelicliffs, for the assault on the old man. 10 per cent. Ditto Quarter Shares "5/. pd 6 Walis End Newmarch l9 9 Walls End Seymour Tees... 21 0 Manchester-H. Coward, mercer, Bath, June 10, at °".ed„ '
in doing which he was frequently cheered by the become convinced of the paramount importance of the credit of acting as conscience suggested, though The latter then stood up, and stated that he had been 36,000 .. London and Brighton 5Ol sh 171 pd 71 Wall, End Walker 2'l () Walls End Tees 22 , the White Lion Inn, 13ath-J. Ward, innkeeper, Greta-br!,e-' '
meeting. energy and promptness in the furtherance of the prin- -I.
I is vote has aided in d i e d
one eep mischief to Ireland, threatened if he came forwatd and gave his evidence. He 12'000 .
20,000 3 per cent. London and Greenwich -.201. sin 204 pd 17' Walls End Belmont
22 Ci Howard's Netherton Main 17 6 Yorkshire, June 7, t F ' T c 'l‘-bil"ge'
a one, at •ryer s inn, atteric 7 t
, a
"TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY. ciples on which it is based. we consider that having declared our opinion to him be- had to cross the park of a night on his way home, and on ee,ooo London and Birmingham 100/. sh. 90/. pd 159 Walls Endßraddyll'sHetton 29 6 Yorkshire-R. W. Johnson, merchant, Gloucester Joe. G
' _sir •
" We, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, fore he did vote, his recent vote against Minsters has going by the Magazine on Wednesday night, the sentry on
3,1 000 Ditto Quarter Shares W. pd 251
London and Seuthampton Av. 381, I7s. Pd. 431 :ships arrived since last market-day, 37. one, at Mr. Lucas's, near the Town-hall, Oxford. d
aux' '
merchants, bankerr, clergy, and other inhabitants of Li. TRANIORE. virtually left the ancient and liberal city of Kilkenny duty told him he was as bad as the complainant, and some 14:000
Duckett, Bart., Sir F. B. Morland, hart., and T. l'• tcy
von
verpool, frieeds of Reform, in public meeting assetnbled, On Sunday evening this delightful bathing-place was unrepresented in the Imperial Parliament, in so much as fh,
dark night as he was passing there it rciglat be awkward 6,000 ... ......
or im. 12,000 Ditto New Scrip 71. pd 8-
London Grand Junction 50/. sh. 5/. pd 0 Per Cwt. Per Quarter.
1 New English Bed Clover 708.1125. St. F0in...... ........... 40s. 443 4/3.. bankers, Pall-mall, June 7, at twelve, at the Court of 13an
CERTIFICATES-Jerre 7.
humbly bring to the foot of your Majesty's throne the ur inde endent constiteenc but consi-
brilliantly illuminated on the arrival of the news that not a man hf o. p s
y Mr. WHITE said that he would mak • f 13'°°0 1 Old Dtt DU
Manchester and Leeds ...100/. sh. 501. pd Slf New t;o o i o„. ...... 7s. -3. -s. Rye Gr!ss Vs. 355. 40, (= Lander,
e a representation o reign Ditto ...&s. 90s. Ws, i'acey Grass _a; 40.. 4bs D. Pinner, cooper, Crown-street, Finsbury--,” walkers
10 000 Manchester and Birmingham 70/.sh 154 11
expression of our high admiration of your Majesty's s himself misre resented b an act which while it
the l'oriee were out. The people paraded the streets der p y ,
it elsewhere, if complainant would make his statement to ' i lite) Extension '"1 pd 5,_ ,s,
Old Ditto Ditto ...... ...-s. 40s. 60s. Linseed, for feeding 466 52s srs.. upholsterer, Leamington-priors, Warwickshire C• F.
---
prompt and decided conduct in the arduous circum- with music, and merrily danced around their bonfires to rolon ed the tyrann of the Jamaica nlanter tended
P .g Y . . r the clerk. ...... ... North hfidland 1004
sn. mi al 61, .ew White Clover „dills. 80s. 90s. Ditto, for sowing -s as. 6S. linen draper, King's-place, Commercial-ro
1 Old Ditto Ditto -s. 455. 60s. Ditto, for crushing._ ---a 43s IS. ad, mieldletel
Cocks, button maker W d et Cit
, oo -stre , y.
stances induced by the recent anticipated change in your a late hour at night. The immense crow y p ,
ds shortl • after to inflict u on Ireland all the miseries and sufferin sof
g Mr. White then took the names of the sergeant and the 2,660 Northern and Eastern 10W. sh. 15/. pd 41
Preston and Wyre 50/. sh. 30/. pd 361 New Trefoil 2oi. 255. 20s. Canary -s 90s. PL.
--; Old Dl't ---4. ISs. 225. Hemp ....I 345. 4*.. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. r a-
Majesty's Councils. separated tranquilly, eiving three cheers for the Queen. Tory misrule.' other two soldiers who had been engaged in the affray, for 8,000 South Eastern and Dover 'l2/. pd I .` °
• k-on-Suir in addition to , ulterior purposes. nOOO 10/. per cent. Stockton and Darlington /no,.
sn. 24,1 Trefolium 101. lls 13s. Per Bushel. J. Cliffe and NV. Meacock, auctioneers, Chester--•ss' ix
En lish Carraway -s. 433. 46s White Mustard-11s. Ic. 151. rd. Mann and W. C. Titt, linen drapers, Chichester-H. Ts,'
e 000
" Deeply we should have deplored the consummation The spirited people of Carrie , .
of the great change in the general policy of the Govern- wn il-
lighting bonfires in several directions of the to ,
anent which recent events threatened to inflict on the luminated their windows, and exhibited outwardly tne
nation ; proportionably grateful do we now feel to your i TIIE TORY INSULT TO AIAJEGTY. "In v •
, fiction blame th d • •
i\ldest did nothin but I I
oy with which their hearts are filled at the restoration i Ys es g
Majesty, whose firmne f • • * f fLd M lb k orrespondent informs us, that g
ss o purpose in a crisis o unex- 0 or s e ourne. t c
ampled difficulty has rendered the arbitrar demands of the Tipperary mountains, from Slievnamon to the Gaines
those who already imagined themselves therleadere of a appeared as if one sheet of thyme on Sunday evening,
dominant party, the source f • r 1 ' f 1 h fi tl b • and brilliant.
o a joy.o reprieve or tre t e res on rem eing so numerous
country, the occasion of a renewed 1 f 1.1) • T yellers assure us that they had no conception of the Pu
strugg e or i erty, ra
into the means of fresh hope f • d • •d't •"th li. h h • 11. fth Tory defeat
or progressive an conste- rapt iy al wic t e inte igence o c ain the .
e etermination of the Queen. Her
w tat s te had precedent for in
the case of Geor e the Fourth, when Lord Grey three-
• tened to ride rough-shod over Carlton-house ; and the
nipt of the Tories no rec d
atte . . . p ceent but that abortive
st which th ) . • A l
one, again Ly raise“ suca a cry, that they po-
larised Geor e the Fo rt
g uh, and through which the Henchcliffe was then removed for four, and Gifford for 1:400
two months' imprisonment.
------ .
EAST INDIA. SHIPPING.
-
VEssEl.s SPOKEN WITH. -
lat. 11, 40 N., lon. 81 E., spoke
Y New South Wales to Madras ;
Per Wellington, Jan. 21,
H. M. S. Conway, from 6,000
8,000
Feb. 16, lat. 25 S., lon. Imo,
were able to hold the administration of affairs for many 59 E., passed the Petite Nancy, Trelo, from Calcutta ; 4,000 1/. 5s A lten
10,000 ... MINES.
Albion Copper
2,000 101. Bolanos
Westminster and GreenwleNso4 sh. 2/. pd 0
York and North Midland 50 . sh. 124 pd 18/
5/. s', 1:31/. psi 12
151. sh. 121. 15 spd 10
Anglo Mexican, iss. 5/. pm.lool. sh. al d 1
Ditto Subscription .951. po 91
150/. sh dll p I 72i
10,000 11. 10. Brazilian Imp. iss. 5/. pm 351 sh 901 pd
6,000 . ..... ... Nlacaubas & Cocaes ' '''' • • •- . -15 e
United 25/.3h. 2,/. pd 13/
Ditto St. John Del Rey 20/. sh. 14/.[pd 131.
olivar Cepper Com ian 20/ sh 20/. xl 51
1400 „........ IS
Ditto Scrip 1 Y-10/: sh: 10/. I -
pa 10 S,oreign Ditto --s. 405..448 Brown Ditto 153. ed. aas NI
Coriander . . -s las 2ls I are . 4s: 6d. bs. osl
Rapeseed, Euglith One ;per Lest) 3.61. 38a a °reign 344 364.
PRICES OF POTATOES AT SPITALFIELDS
York Reds (from vessel)
`•eotch lteds ditto
Kidneys
Shaws 4/. 10s. to 5/ Os. per ton.
41. ss. to 4/. 15s ditto
41. los. to 5L Os, ditto
2 . 153. to 3/. ss. ditto
PRICES OF HOPS.-May 17.
Farnham 1-ocket.. (per cwt.) 6 Os. 71. 15s. to 91 5.
East Kynt Pockets.• •
Ditto Bags ......
C 45. 51. 10s. to 7 le• and T. Luccock, bullion merchants, Liver 001-P. jacksosn'
E. Coward, and W. Alorris, cotton s ' P S lford-Tt "
primers, a
and J. Garbutt, wine merchants, Easingvrold, Yorkshire--;
Sarah Mells, W. Mells, and J. Judaea tailors, alanchester (,:a
far as regards the said Sarah Mells)-W. Grant, J. Grant, a,r.
Martha Grant, wheelwrights, Westbury, Wiltshire-J. anicivie
Banks, candle manufacturers, Liverpool-T. Kent an" „k,
Green, groaess, Weymouth, Dorsetshire-H. and E. 1-le'Yee'•
mbers,
merchants, Leeds-T. Palmer and J. Kendall, plu ,r,
Newbury, Berkshire-J. Illingworth, B. Illingworth, and sci
i tutional reform. was carried through the country-a lesson of deep im- years after. The nation will, as they ought, stand by March 3, off Cape „ ,
Laeullas spoke the Phosnix (whaler) 20,000 British Iron ........ .................... sh. 50/ pd ill alid Kent Pockets
Ditto Bags 31. 15s. 5/. as. fo Si 18•••
'3:. 10- 4, 10: 4. 7is Illingworth, joiners, Bradford, Yorkshire-J. H. DowleY 8111,..
the Queen ; and vie trust the Ministers will take advan- of New York ; March 17, lat. 20 50 S., lon. 30 W., 6,000 British Copper
" While we thus hasten to lay before your Majesty port to the enemies of the people. Cato Branca 6q. i-d 8 wark-bridge road.
Yearlings 2/. 10s. 3/. 31. to 4/. 4,
tage of the virtuous indignation abroad to strengthen boarded French bark, Nil, of Marseilles, Bourbon to candonga 4
7s 1 pd 5 SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
the expression of our heartfelt thanks for the part which Old Olds
201. sh. 13/. pd 10
3,0111' Majesty has taken in the recent emergency, we WORCESTER. their powers with the Reformers.-Dublin Pilot. Nantz ; March 96, lat. BS, lon. 14 W., spoke English 10,000 it copiapo
• to Liver 00l : A ril 4, lat. 18 B,s°° '" Columbian, iss. 5/. pm.... 55/. sh. 55/. fid 3
. • ss JAMES ALLAN, wine merchant, Aberdeen. May 24
can only consider it as another instance added to the ( Chronicle.
From the Worcestershire ) NEW HOPES FOR THE COUNTRY.-The Queen has brig Janet, Wingate Cape p p 2,850 31. English
N lon 19 10 W., exchanged No. with the City of Lon- 20,000 General 51ining Assoclation2o/. sh. 184 pd 7 June 14, at two, at the Royal Hotel, Aberdeen.
--, DAVID SPENCE, banker, Alelrose, May 2.5 and Jane e,
The Tory clique here, whose countenances were all flung off the Tories. Lord Melbourne is again at the '' • Ist 9 6,155 Mexican Company 100/. sh. 5511, pd 41 I Wheal,. ! Barley. Oats. , Bea. s. 1,-..
many former proofs which your Alajesty has given of don Reynolds, Batavia to Hamburgh ; April 7, • -3,00 t, `e at two, at the George Inn, Melrose.
smiles, and whose conver .
sation was all triumph for helm of affairs. Let him take advantage of his position ' Polberou Consols. lO/. sh. 81. pd 4 , .------!-___ -___
attachment to liberal views and a good government ;to ' N., lon. 'lO 30 W., passed English whaler Diana ;. Heir- 11,500 Real del Monte, Unregistered - --- ---- - --------- --- ------"- --''''''''''"'en'l6.::sa
the two previous days, underwent a p g
rodi ious change and the late crisis will add to his strength. Now is the • ~,,s Blandford .....-.! 61 75 '34 33 25 98 42 44 - -.. SECOND-HAND PLATE PURCHASEvee
those constitutional principles which we regard as the mit, bound to London; fell in with St. George ; William, Ditto Loan Notes
15()1' Pd '""1 %Ogg 06 74 24 '25 24 - / • ' P.' hie,
on Seturd• v when intelligence arrived of Peel's failure time to rally the country around him ;he has come for- Cale n• 1 k 23 a•tit 45 N. 30,01)0 United Mexican, iss. 2pm .40/. sh. all pd I • ' at 42 45 Bt.
only sure foundation for the glory of the Monarch, and ` a- ' ' - utia to ,oristo„ ept company ays oa . Dies. Scrip oi Cambridge-1 -75- 31 - 125 -40. 38 . A. B. SAVORY and SONS, Goldsmiths, No. 14, C°l.s ad
to patch up a Government. The barometer fell at ward to rescue his Sovereign from insult. In this he lon. 13 W. The St. George had exchanged No. Ditto New Scrip
the well-being of the people. 51 Pd - 11 ntin d OS 70 14 38 24 20 1 -)
least from a hundred to below zero ; and grim visages, will be supported by a determined and, as the 7'imes on the ath April, on the line, with the Benevolence, West Cork 50/ sh. 50/. pd 38 u
,g on-1 . . . . .8 4_ - - others, wishing to dispose of Second-hand Plate, that, 11.. es
" That your Majesty may long live to enjoy health I Long sutton-i 58 78 - - lt, 20 30 34 - - h• ' 1- 1 th ff d U' Prl
tving a reaty sa e, ey can oer more a vantage° itber
and sullen replies were all that could be met with, calls them, a Monarch-loying people. But he must from Singapore to London, and on the sth April, LITERARY INSTITUTIONS. t.outh . '5B 78 26 3,2 A 24 35 42 - - '
and happineee, and every earthly blessing, is the earnest . ' London, with Bronze Ticket 75gs. sh. 16 ynn----o 56 77 2'2 31 16 '2O 30 32 3.2 3, than can usually be given by the Trade ; payment mil e for
where joy unbounded reigned so shortly before. make an onward movement in the march of Reform. lat. 040 N., with bark Marshall, Bennett, from Plymouth, jr,rg
prayer of your Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects. 100/. sh. all pd 23 Newark --- 62 82 24 31 19 28 31 43 - sre be received in cash, or the amount allo ed in exchahile
Finality is extinguished. There are but two princ ples also reports the Lord Hungerford, from Calcutta, arrived ;00 Russell ‘,sgs. sh. 7 Nottingham -. 64 79 28 31 .19 28 35 42 - - other silver.
Mr. InacitsuaN seconded the address. The con- SHEFFIELD. now struggling for the mastery-that of retrocession at the Cape March 10, and was to sail on the 14th ; the King' College 1001. Pd 19f reterbormigh ,59 &2 35 42 22 29 38 48 - -. ___.---/
dact of the Queen showed that she was an advocate for (From the Sheffield Iris.) and that of progressive amelioration Opinion which St. George on the 98th March, exchanged No. with the MISCELLANEOUS. Plymouth ...--,.1 58 SO 30 34 20 ti - - _
Liberel principles in her ,Government establishment. Great were the rejoicings of the Tory small fry • • • • ' * • ' LdC t• ' :-.1. n d l ' t A i •
gives life and motion to all Government, is in favour of strati n A ,ricultural 104)/ sh Vs/ d 40 Pontefract 1 - i - • - 2
10,000 15s. Au . 3 !,, . . . • .. p . -.., '7 4.3 7 - 43 - - LADIES BEST GOLD CHAL-
Or oe„rarie, slime, from eson on, ying a scene on , 6,0011 41. per cent. British American Land Company 23/. pd 9 Sleatoril _ ___, 65 so 36 38 22 28 41 43 _ , f SW'
The Crown and the people would prove themselves a throughout the land, at the proseect of a return to the latter •• I T 1 • 1 1 1 '
princip e. le universe wor * are looking April 24, lat. 32 N I 40 W., spoke American
20 ~ ong. moo 61. per cent. Canada Company
tOO,OOO 51. per cent. Upper Cana•ja Loan lOOl. sh. 301. pd 29 ttopingloon .... 63 84 24 30 18 28 2•-' 44 - - The weight is given by comparison vrith the weight 0 „flees
91 Wished; ---.] 63 82 - -I _ 20 ;30 3.2 _ _ reigns, being more easily referred to than if stated in °`' y
watch for the oligarchy of the House of Lords. power which Sir Robert Peel's audience with the forward, and calling for institutions more suited to the schooner 'Jackal!, Gibraltar to New York ; April 27, lat. City Bonds, 4 par cent lOO Ito sr'
'lle address WAS put for the approbation of the meet- Queen, after the resignation of Lord Melbourne, af- s • • f 1 TI t • • • ff d
pint o tie age. le oppor unity is now o ere to ,
40 10 N., long. 37 50 W., spoke the bark Addingliam, 20,000
wile 6s. . General teain Navigation 151. sh. 14/. pd '24
.per cent. Hudson s Bay Stock 2'.' 5 DEVIZES CORN MARKET-May 16
I'er Sack. s ti, s. d Per Quarter. s. it. ad. and dwts. 'The quality of the gold is warranted eq*a
that is worked into articles of this description.
ing, and carried, three cheers being given. forded. The now old-fashioned celebration of gre• t
a on s e ourne. In speaking of him we may adopt ei • .
L 1M lb Cape to Lond ha Malabar, Dunlop, from ~,,,ee
on. and passed t.• it. London Coin. Sale Rooms Av 75/. sh. i 'ir tWI "5
„ , s seat... - 0t036 n . Barley :33 0t043 0 Price of the Cable Pattern, or Slatted Ring Pattern• 7 0
Battersby ft,4
Wm. EARLE, Esq., proposed that the Earl of Sefton men's birth-days, which consisted in ringing the bells auritius to Greenock, and brig Tho mas :20 030 • Same weight as 3 sovs. £4 4 0 Same weight as 6 so's. (7 is 0
* the sentiment applied by By ron to Canning, and say, from Be. New Brunswick Land Company....so/ lid Third
- 41fla ; April 28, lat. 42 10 N., l?ng Ditto ' 4
as sovs. 5 5 0 Ditto as 7 sot's.
'2 754 5/ er cent Iteversionar Int So
should present the address to her Nlajesty. CO3SUMI3,q gunpowder, and indulging in copious liba- t at e, of all living men, has now the power to effect 33 20 W
h h Ihelmina , •I) • . y_ , e.... 1001. sh. 1001. pd 131) 1203 Sacks of Wheat sold 't 33 4 Flour Oyer hag, 55 0 -c , • 99 -
Mr. RAwDoN seconded the resolution, which was lions at the shrine of Bacchus, was the order of the ti • • e b h b •g• WI
•, spo e tee am urg ri
k b H r 2,633 5/. per cent. Ditto New lOW. sh. 85/. pd lIS at the average of j !Bread (per ga11.)... 1 5 - 0 Ditto as 5 says. 66 0 Ditto as 8 sovs. ~e
iis mignty good-but will he ? Our letters this morn- Rio to Hambur h• Al3olt 43 40 N•, long) 30 1,000
passed unanimously. • tion of the Queen to kee
day, until the determine p her ine say-Yes. We shall see-Southern Reporter. W g , pre ,a • . 10,000 6s. Van Die.ncli's Land 1001. L V ERPOOI. CORN MAR KET.-May 14
terdam sh. 17/. pd 10 above but cannot be made lighter than the weight of ""•
•, spoke Dt h ' • Erz Bahia to Rot , WHEAT, English, White, pet 70as
. . - .. ~ i .• __ . . . , , _ .o. •t... r•nry fr./1m ilnrin” tl-....:.. r'__ • .
.., _ _ , . U c orig iat
_ . . D....-I IA q I, , sovprpiane_

" While we thus hasten to lay before your Majesty
the expression of our heartfelt thanks for the part which
your Majesty has taken in the recent emergency, we
can only consider it as another instance added to the
many former proofs which your Majesty has given of
attachment to liberal views and a good government ; to
those constitutional principles which we regard as the
only sure foundation for the glory of the Monarch, and
the well-being of the people.
" That your Majesty may long live to enjoy health
and bappinetes, and every earthly blessing, is the earnest
prayer of your Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects.
Mr. BLAcxsuaN seconded the address. The con-
duct of the Queen showed that she was an advocate for
Liberal principles in her ,Government establishment.
The Crown and the people would prove themselves a
naa-tc•li for the oligarchy of the House of Lords.
The address W 213 put for the approbation of the meet-
ing, and carried, three cheers being given.
WNI. EARLE, Esq., proposed that the Earl of Sefton
should present the address to her Majesty.
Mr. RAWDON seconded the resolution, which was
passed unanimously.
Mr. EGERTON SMITH briefly addressed the meeting,
asd proposed three cheers for the Queen, which was
responded to.
OTTIWELL Noon, Esq., passed a high eulogium
upon the Chairman, and proposed the thanks of the
meeting to him.
Mr. ALISON seconded the motion.

The CHAIRMAN returned thanks. At the conclu-
sion of his address the Chairman proposed nine-times-
nine for her Majesty, which was given, and the meeting
separated.

(From the Sheffield Iris.)
Great were the rejoicings of the Tory small fry
throughout the land, at the prospect of a return to
power which Sir Robert Peel's audience with the
Queen, after the resignation of Lord Melbourne, af-
forded. The now old-fashioned celebration of great
men's birth-days, which consisted in ringing the bells,
consuming gunpowder, and indulging in copious
liba-
tions at the shrine of Bacchus, was the order of the
day, until the determination of the Queen to keep her
own people about her took the peg from under their
high-built hopes, and they now look as chapfallen as
they were for a few short days hig with the events of
the future. Whoever may be the Minister, the people
will be the rulers. It is probable that the opinion of
the country will ere long be submitted to the test of a
general election—let the Radicals, therefore, be upon
their guard. A mere Whig is only a Tory with another
name, who both assume finality as their motto. Let
the test be, an extension of the suffrage, vote by ballot,
and a total abolition of the Corn-laws, and all restric-
tions on trade and commerce. If the people keep these
principles in view at the coming election, and show by
their representatives that they are determined to have
them, a Ministry will be a nominal engine for carrying
into effect their wishes.

COLONEL FERGUSON.-It is almost unnecessary to
assure our readers that the rumours which were so freely
circulated on yesterday and the day previous of the
death of Colonel Ferguson, 79th Regiment, in a ren-
contre with the Chartists, is all unfounded, and is most
probably, a malignant fabrication of the party who cease
not to magnify and even to invent stories of outrage and
massacre in Ireland.—Pilot.

THE WEATHER.-It was the late Lord Dudley, we
think, who, remarking. on the climate of England, said
that the London summer had set in with its usual seve-
rity ; and certainly his Lordship might (so far as the
present year is concerned) have extended his piquant
observation across the Irish Channel ; for, during the
present week the metropolis presents the frigid aspect of
a stern winter ; and alternate sleet, snow, and a piercing
gale of wind from the North-east, render the weather of
this day (Wednesday) as raw and ungenial as in the
worst of February. Thompson's beautiful invocation to
Spring—" Come gentle Spring—ethereal mildness,
come," &c., is an irony on the season.—Afail.

DUBLIN, MAY 14.
You can have no possible idea of the extraordinary
excitement occasioned here by the events of the last few
days. When the resignation of the Melbourne Admi-
nistration became known, the most violent demonstra-
tions of joy were exhibited by the high Tory faction in
this city. They did not even attempt to control their EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW RAILWAY.—
feelings, not were the lower classes of them under any Upwards of twenty miles of this line are contracted for,
pains to disguise their bigoted and exclusive notions of and eight miles more are advertised. These twenty-eight
miles comprehend all the heaviest, and consequently all
what was to be expected from the anticipated Orange
the most tedious works ; thus putting it in the power of the
regime. Decorum and propriety were set at complete
Directors to regulate the letting of the remaining con-
defiance, and the different taverns throughout Saturday
s and in- tracts so as to ensure the completion of the whole line
night were the scenes of party boastin
appearanceg without about the same time. The contractors are bound to
suits. No Liberal could make his
finish their work in 1841, and from the well-known energy,
being hooted and jeered at ; and, in fact, it was and skill of several of them, there is little doubt of the line
qui:e app,trent that the sprit of Orang'ism was as being opened about the time expected. Gla.sgow Oro-
ready and as rampant as ever. Amongst the friends aide.

VESSELS SPOKEN WIT!!. - Per Wellington, Jan. 21,
lat. 11. 40 N., lon. 81 E., spoke H. M. S. Conway, from
New South Wales to Madras ; Feb. 16, lat. 25 S., lon.
59 E., passed the Petite Nancy, Trelo, from Calcutta;
March 3, off Cape Lagullas, spoke the Phoenix (whaler)
of New York; March 17, lat. 20 50 S., lon. 30 W.,
boarded French bark, Nil, of Marseilles, Bourbon to
Nantz ; March 26, lat. 8 S, lon. 14 W., spoke English
brig Janet, Wingate Cape to Liverpool : April 4, lat. 18
N., lon. 19 10 W., exchanged No. with the City of Lon-
don, Reynolds, Batavia to Hamburgh ; April 7, lat. 2
N., lon. 20 30 W., passed English whaler Diana ; Har-
riott, bound to London; fell in with St. George ; William,
Calcutta to Bristol, kept company 23 days to lat. 45 N.
lon. 13 W. The St. George had exchanged No.
on the 4th April, on the line, with the Benevolence,
from Singapore to London, and on the sth April,
lat. 0 40 N., with bark Marshall, Bennett, from Plymouth,
also reports the Lord Hungcrford, from Calcutta, arrived
at the Cape March 10, and was to sail on the 14th ; the
St. George, on the 28th March, exchanged No. with the
Lord Cochrane, Smith, from London, lying at Ascension ;
April 24, lat. 32 20 N., long. 40 W., spoke American
schooner Jackal!, Gibraltar to New York ; April 27, lat.
40 10 N., long. 37 50 W., spoke the bark Addingham,
Cape to London, and passed the Malabar, Dunlop, from
Mauritius to Greenock, and brig Tho mas Battersby
from
13 ; April 28, lat. 42 10 N., long
33 20 W., spoke the Hamburgh brig Wilhelmina,
Rio to Hamburgh; April 30, lat. 43 40 N., long. 30
W., spoke Dutch brig Eliza, Bahia to Rotterdam,
she spoke the barque Edward Robinson, from the Mauri-
tius to London, lat. 10 N. ; May 2, lat. 42 30 N., lon. 24
W. boarded the London, Wimble, Calcutta to London,
which had exchanged numbers with the iNiangle'' Carr,
from Manilla to Cadiz ; April 30, lat. 43 55 N., long
28 50 W., spoke the brig Cybele of and for Liverpool, 38
days from Pernambuco ; May 4, lat. 43 40 N. , long. 21 5
\V., spoke the barque Charles, of and for London, 34 days
from Tobago ; Mry 4, lat. 43 50 N., long. 20.10 W., ex-
changed numbers with English outward bound ship Admi-
ral Benbow ; bray
5, lat. 44 36 N., long. 17 28 W., spoke
Dutch barque Nordt Holland, of and for Amsterdam, from
Batavia; May 9. lat. 46 \V.. spoke English
N , long. 13
brig Maria, of Dundee, from Bahia to London ; May 10,
lat. 46 N., long. 12 02 W., passed a steamer under sail ;
May 12, lat. 48 20 N , long. 12 50 Mr., exchanged num-
bers with English bark. Mountaineer, homeward bound ;
May 14, lat 48 28 N,, 710 W., exchanged numbers
with the Lady Raffles, Hight, from London and Plymouth,
for New South Wales.

LIST OF SCOTTISH COMPANIES' PRICES,
MAY 11, 1639.
BANKS.
1,500,0081. 61. p. ct. rank of Scotland -SS/. 6s. Bd. sh all pd 180/.
2,000,001. 51 p. ct. lit yal of Scotland 100/. sh all pd 163/
500,000/. Bp. ct. British Linen Company 1001. sh. all pd Mt.
3,000,0001. 61. p. ct. Commercial 5OOl. sh. 1001. pd 175/.
5,900,0005. , , ct. Naional lOO/.sh. 101. pd 161.
2,00',0001. 6/. p. ct. Glasgow Union '2501. sh. 501. pd 85!.
4,000,0Q0/. 4p. et. Western of Scotland 2OOl. sh 40/. pd 57/.
INSURANCE COMPANIES
256.0005 h 61p. ct. Scottish Union 201. sh. I/. pd 21s
,500 (4 p. ct. Hercules lOO/. sh. 10/. pd 18./. 10.%
100,000 sp. et. Insurance Co. of Scotland .10/. sh. all pd 10/. Os,
50,000 6p. et. North British 200/. sh. 10/. pd 201/.
1,000 sp. ct. Caledonian Fire 1001. sh. 10/. iki 191. 0,
5,000 op. et. Edinburgh i,,:e 1001. sh. 10/. pd 14/ 10s
100,000 31 p. ct. West of Scotland lO/. pd 7/ Cs

MISCELLANEOUS.
4,810 ........ Edin. and GI s. Un. Canalsol. sh. all pd 101.
Ditto Allocated 96/. sh. all pd 471.
5,400 5 per cent. Edinb. Joint Stock Water 251. sh. all pd 35/
Carron Iron Conmany ...2501. sh. all pd 441,
4,0005 h 15 per cent. Shotts Iron F0unuerv......50/.sh 4S/. ixl 52/.
10,000 3 per cent. Edinburgh & Leith Glass.2o/. sh. 161. pd 8/
4.500 10 per cent. Edinburgh Coal Gas 2.1. sh. all pd 601
4,450 10 per cent. Glasgow Gas 25/. ,h. all pd 50/
1'59 7,4 per cent. Leith Coal (;as 20/. sh. all pd 4'l.
1,200 ...... Edinburgh and Dalkeith Ital'mayso/. ab 374
3,050 5 ocr cant. F.-imitable '5,- .h• tat 11. 1116

DEVIZES CORN MARKET—May 16
Per Sack. s d. s. 4. Per Quarter. s.
)-irstVVheat '',s 0 to 36 0 Barley 93
Second ,, .... 31 0 34 n Oats ... .......... .... 20
Third
1293 Sacks of Wheat soldl Flour (per bag) 55
at the average of 533 4 !Bread (per ga11.)... 1
L, V ERPOOI CORN MARKET.—May 14
WHEAT, English, White, per 7011).
Red

Scotch, Welch, and Manx
Irish, White 9 Si
- Red

7 9
- Foreign (i
OATS, English, Welsh, and Scotch, per 4511 i 4 0
- Irish

- Foreign 0 0
BARLEY, English, Malting, per Imp. quarter 42 0
- Scotch and Irish, per tiOlbs.
- Feeding 4 9
BEANS, English, per Imperial quarter 44 0
- Irish, &c.
- Foreign
PEASE, Englisn, per Imperial quarter 4B (1
- Foreign
FLOUR, English, per 284110.
- Irish
_ .

The truth of the following anecdote may be relied
on :--Wkien Sir Robert Peel told her Majesty '4 that as she
refused to part with her ladies, it was useless to send for
him."—she replied, 4. You will be pleased to recollect, Sir
Robert, that it was not my wish that you should be sent
for at all."—Brislol Gazette.

to 113.9 d
It) 9
fo
10 0
8 6
111 6
4 4
4 6
N 0
46 I
5 4
5 0
48 0
43 t,
45
52 0
50 P
57 et
55 0
37 0
46 0
43 0
66 0

LADIES BEST GOLD CHAIN
The weight is given by comparison with the weight Of
-Ls
reigns, being more easily referred to than if stated in o°-.01
and dwts. The quality of the gold is warranted eq*SJ t°
that is worked into articles of this description.
Price of the Cable Pattern, or Matted Ring Pattern. 70
Same weight as 3 sovs. £4 4 0' Same weight as 6 sovs.
Ditto as 4 sovs. 55 0 Ditto as 7 sovs. •n 0
Ditto as 5 sovs. 66 0 Ditto as 8 sovs. 9
the
The following pattern, are One Guinea dearer then
above but cannot be made lighter than the weight of i%
sovereigns.
The Cage pattern The Chinese pattern
The Ring and Bar pattern I The Victoria pattern
THE NEW FLAT GOLD WATCHES. r
The price in gold cases, with vertical movement .... 7
Ditto, with well-finished horizontal movement, in
double bottomed engine-turned case, jewelled, ail- 9 9 0
rer dial, warranted
T. COX SAVORY'S,
Watchmaker, Silversmith and Jeweller, 47, Cornhill,
,L•l34°°
(Seven Doors from Gracechurch-street).
N.N.—The Horizontal Construction is particularly retool'

OATMEAL, English and Irish, per 42410. S 5 6
INDIAN CORN, ptr 4401 h.
Rva, per Imperial quarter
MALT, per Imperial quarter

Great consternation has been excited in Salisbury
by the stoppage of the large brewery and coal concern,
formerly the property of Messrs. Whitchurch. The returns
of the house were from 40.0001. to 60,0001. per annum ;
and it is feared that several persons wi'l be involved in ruin
by the failure, as the deficiency in the estate is immense.—
De►.vizes Gazelle.

FORTITUDE UNDER PAIN.—In the course of
an inquest taken on Thursday, before Mr. Wakley, that
gentleman said it was surprising what fortitude was dis-
played by women whilst undergoing any surgical opera-
tion, as compared with men The latter he had seen quiver
at the slightest touch, whilst women would submit to the
most painful operation without a shudder. He, however,
once witnessed a most surprising instance of fortitude in a
man, who having had the misfortune to break his leg, am.
putation was deemed necessary, which was accordingly
performed by Sir Astley Cooper. Some time after the
man called upon Sir Asticy, and begged him to cut some
more off the stump, as it incommoded him very muck.
Sir Asticy tried to dissuade him from having it done, but
without avail. The manthensat down in a chair,tahe.te thoarnd
refused to be strapped to it, saying, he wellknew wh
pain was, and that he would not move. Sir Astley
upon cut ff three or four inches more from the stump, the
man, according to promise, not moving, a muscle.

mended for its superior accuracy.

B I R THS.
On the 16th inst., at Cbislehurst Rectory, the lady of the
Rev. F. Dawson, of a son. r ao •
On the 17th inst., Mrs. Bikinis, of Salisburyquare, 0.1 --Dr
On the 14th inst., at Rusholme-house, near Wencheste ,
the lady of W. Entwisle, Esq., of a son and heir.
On the 15th inst., at Bayswater, the lady of Albert Levion'
Esq., of a daughter.
______------

MARRIED.
On the 14th inst., at Gorleston, Suffolk, Williamdnaurlbeetel;
Esq., of Upper Clapton, to Clementina Sophia, second 0,
of the late Rev. Clement Chevallier, Rector of Bading
Suffolk.

DIE D.
aughter
On the 14th inst., at Norwood, Mary Louisa, only
of Lieutenant-Colonel Fox, of St. Mary Church, Torqualt
d
Devon, aged 15.
On the 11th inst., at St. Mary Abbots-terrace,
Keusingtn
Henry
Evelyn Pitfield Sturt Grindall, Esq., Captain Roy*
Navy. ±—......imlNW.

RIOT AT TouLoysE.—A Toulouse journal
states that the lectures of M. Delpech, Professor of the
Civil Code in that town, were, on the 6th instant, attended
with a serious riot, the students breaking down the benches
and stoves of the lecture room, and damaging other parts
of the furniture, treating the professor at the same time
with great contempt. The cause of this disturbance is not
mcntion~ d. Seventeen of the rioters have been ramtlionvd
to appear befw.e the council of the college.

TRADE WITH MEXICO.—It appears by a dis
patch received from our Minister in Mexico, that he has
obtained from the Mexican Government a written declara.
tion that ii, fit ore no fors erl ]ono till be inipDs,d either
upon native citizen,: of the r public or upon fo:figners.

mom, 4100•••—__
London: Printed and Published by MIJRDO YOUN .°1
G
No. 112, strand, at Thr Sun Office, No. 112, S"''
the county of lliddlesex.—Saturday, May is, 1819-
