LITERARY NOTICE.

THE ARABIAN NIGHTS'. ENTERTAINMENTS
consisting of One Thousand and One Stories, In One
Volume. Embellished with nearly one hundred and fifty
Engravings. . • •
The pleasure which these Stories must have
afforded to the youth of both sexes, attaches an
interest to them in every fOrni.in which they may
appear. Perhaps 'no work of imagination ever
takes so powerful a hold of the'mind, before time
and reflection have ripened judgment, and dis-
posed it to attend to solid truth and useful ob-
jects. But the interest arising from these Stories
neverentirely leaves possession of the'tnemory,and
we cannot return to them nt any period of life
Without feeling the delight of our 'earlier years
recur with `vivid force. We are it: the present
volume gratified with a new edition of this po-
pular and most amusing work ; it was impossible
for us to avoid turning over its pages, and being
disposed, with the Sultan SCHAHRIAIt, to indulge
our curiosity, and to regret the interference of
graver business, in order to feast upon the
wonders of Arabian invention. The present
volume, though comprising the whole of these
stories, is recommended by a type convenient in
size, and printed with clearness and. accuracy.—
We presume that, this is not:a. new translation,
nor was a new one
,necessary,..as the language is
correct, easy, and appropriate. The Cuts Which
enrich the Work represent the most striking in-
cidents and events. They are all well conceived,
and in general executed with great spirit. The
costume of .the country is accurately preserved,
and the figures in general are characteristic and
striking. We have seldom, indeed" seen Wood-
Engravings designed and executed with more
effect, and, on the whole, we may justly recom-
mend this volume to all who wish to escape from
the dull realities of life, to indulge the imagitta-
tion in the airy regions of Romance.

FOR THE SUN.

MURIATE OF LIME USED AS A MANURE.

EDITOR—As the following new and lin-
portant method of employing Muriate of Limo
as.a IVlanure, and the wonderful, success which
has aflendrd the eXperiMetits iniloo to ascertain
what benefit !night he „expected from the use or
this substance, may prove interesting to some of
your agricultural ur horticultural readers, I seat
you the follob‘ingextract, taken from the 34th
Number of the Journut of Science, Literature,and
Arts, edited at tip Aoyal

A. PA

Mr. Duntic, a druggist, end Member of the Academy Of
Sciences at lioncoi has, during the year* 1020, 21, 22, and 23,
made use of chloride of calcium as a manure, or, accordingsto
his own exprt..ssion, as a vegetable stimulant. His experiments.
have been numerous and the following short nutice is given of
them by M. Let-mire Lisaneourt.
A Kilogramme (2. 2 lb.) of chloride of calcium is dissolved
in sixty titres OM 8 pints), of water. The ground intended
for experiments is watered with the solution ; the seedsare then
sown, or the plants set in the ground, and ultimately the wa-
tering is repeated a third or tourth time with the solution.
Mr. Dubuc Owed wine Indian corn in a light soil, watered
six or eight days before-. with the' solution. At a distance of
six feet, but in the same soil, and with the same aspect, other
maize was sown, and watered with common water. The first,
which was watered from time to time with the solution of the
chloride, attained to double the size of the second. Specimens
of both were presented to the Academy of Rotten. fie has
also hastened and favoured the delopemen t of the great pyramidal
campanula, of the lilac and other trees, and also of fivit. trees,
(Sec. He has also made experiments on market vegeta*. s
onions and poppit s, which grow to a large size in the soll-of
Itotten, have been doubled in volume, by the action of the
chloride. He has observed the great annual sun.flower rise as
in Spain, to a height of 12 or 15feet, whilst in ordinary circum-
stances this large herb did nut rise more than six or cight.f*-
He has seen the stems of these vegetables three or few inches
in diameter above the earth, the leaves from eighteen to twenty
inches long, the dises of the flowers 12 or 14 inches in diameter,
producing seeds from which half their weight of good oil has
been extracted, and ultimately extending from their centcr
transparent secretion analogous to turpentine, very odorous,
and easily drying in the air.
Finally, M. Dubuc made his experiments on potatoes; taking
such as in size and weight were nearely alike. These were
vitiated in May 1, in the same soil, and in the same aspect, but.
in two beds separated from each other by a path aix feet wide.
One of these beds was watered with the vegetative liquor, the
other with water from a cistern. They were all gathered on the
10th of Nov. 1822. The first gave tubereules six inches long,
twelve Inches in circumference, and weighing nearly 21bs. each;
the others were generally about half that size. These large
potatoes were equally nourishing with 'the ordinary potatoes,
and were equally well reserved until the following April.
They were watered only three times with the aolution dunng
the time they were in the earth, and their leaves Were develeped
in an equal proportion.

. .
It appears that,- in general, it is sufficient to water the,regs-
tables submitted to the action of the chloride of calcium throe or
four times with the solution at long intervals. The eleettv-
organic power of this substance sterns very singular ;. for',
.tts
M. Labarraque, of Paris has observed, when Applies to
animal organization, it in a short time arrests the progress
gangrene, and of chartert..., or ulcers,' Ana povCrerNrOPUi
the production of fleshy taimples, whioh- civarise t
(Ann. Jr *lcy.. J 14.)

•
The reittilationS of the new Commereal Society
of the Na herlands were finally confirmed by his Alkiesty the
King of HOLLAND, ,by a decree dated the 10th instant. The
company tire to have factories in • Batavia and afesanorth ;S:O4
pay parliculai attention to the East. India trade, tie
fishery, the trade oldie Americas and the Levant; to ativart:e
the half of the value of any Vast Am. Wost India product lodged
in their warehouses;. and arc not to erentAte ill any, deeciip.
don of stock o: iii esehanneo. A call of 10 per cent. on the
subscriptions is ordered in six weeks from tia: kith of August
transferable Scrip certificate* will then be issued; anotherea
of 15 per Cent, is ordered in three months front the lath,.anri
the enure capital to he paid upon..or before the Ist of Jul
t 825. The capital, 57,000,000 florins. An annual interest r)f
4A per cent. is guaranteed by tho King if theta. Is any stupha
profit, one.third is to be ltept in reserve for contingencies- the
other two.tbirds divided as a toms among the holders of the
stock. • •
Population seems to be upon the increase every
where. A late letter from New York saYs, "In one thle`
.houses by 2,00 U,
city has increased the number of its dwellin
souls. S,even new
at the same time gaining an accession of 0,000-
churches have also been built. Accordin
there are at present 130,000 inhabithnte flit°l4elTlVl aYeteUrftki,Caenndeti
buildings devoted to public worithip.
Thete is now growing in g
tOlitmleinigshie-Z,Ovel)
On.t.ronnw,
Z.
turnip of 1-baer 1(1070 ;ing(111:;'
extraordinary
inches ; length of the leaSe .f:Circutilfeic-nre Of
lhe
T 4"
44
extreme point, 40 inches ; salt' tir°thael cdlirectrinPfe°rertf ce*of*thtt:l2:l4B-;
feet, completely covering
The following
ea circular area' of 251 fet•
hood of Cupar Anniggussul" of
"tat" ill neighbour-
(N.B.) tiny, recently taken place :
Caper tiranale, 45,0001.; Lethendy, 370 1* ; Bailes°"t°
19)001. B dourie, 8,300 t. ; Welton, 7,0001,

.FRENCH PAPERS.

Prom the Afonsteur Qf Friday, 4q. 27.)
PAUIS, AUG. 26.--Telegraphic dispatch from
Madrid, transmitted from Bayonne, Aug. 26.

" MADRID, AUG. 23, 9 P.M.
" GENERAL DIGEOW TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE

STEIt or WAR.
" The fortress of Tarifa was taken by storm on the 19th, at
live o'clock in the afternoon, by the French and Spanish
troops. The rebels, who retreated into the island, were at-,
tacked the next morning at day-break by the landing of French
troops, of the 34th regiment of the line. One Chief only
escaped in a boat ; the rest were killed or taken. The prisoners
hate Dan delivered up to the Spaniards, to be tried according

to the laws,
An express from the Commander of the Camp of St. Roche,
which the Spanish Minister of War has this moment received,

announces this news.

The of►cial part contains several Royal Ordi•
nances, which fill nearly an entire sheet.

1. 11. and M. decree, that ecclesiastical affairs and public
instruction ellen be directed by a Minister Secretary of State
for the department of ecclesiastical affairs and public instruc-
tion, who shall propose the persons most worthy to be pre-
sented to archbishoprics, bishoprics, and .other ecclesias-
tical offices in the kingdom; shall direct the affairs relative
to the Catholic religion, to public instruction, to the oxpences
of the Catholic clergy, the diocesan edifices, royal colleges, and
pensions. , Ile shall exercise the functions of Grand Master of
the University of France, as fixed by the laws, except those rela-
tive to the faculties of Protestant divinity, with regard to which
the functions of Grand Master shall be executed ,by a member of
the Royal Council ,of public instruction, and shall continue to
belong, to the aleparunent of the Minister of the Interior, as
well as all affairs relative to religious forms of worship not
Catholic. The Count Frayssinous, Bishop of IlertnopoLs, &c.
, is appointed Minister Secretary of State for ecclesiastical af-
, fairs and public instruction, and Baron Cuvier ,to be Grand
Di aster of the University for the faculties of Protestant divinity.
• • IV. The Cardinal Duke of Lafari, Peer of France, Arch.
• bishop of Lens and Auxerre, first Almoner to the Duchess of
ngouleme, is named Minister of State and Member of the
Privy Council,
,V. Is a long ordonance on the organization of the Council of
State in 43 Articles, divided into nine‘chapters.
' , Art. 1. Our Cabinet of State is composed of the Princes of
our family, when we shntl think fit for them to preside, and when
we shall have summoned them ;--of the Ministers, Secretary of
. State ;—of the Ministers of State, when we shall have sum-
rreln.,;(l them ;--of the Councillors of State ;---of the Masters of
Requests ;—of Auditors.
.4. The service of our Council of State is divided into ordinary
and extraordinary.
'There shall also be honorary Councillors of State, and Mas-
-.' teis of Requests.
M3a.steltilsieoric.eingttttreystsservainctt isAtthisitu,onfi
ethnelplCoyotettriiinlotr4e.lf
interior,Stte,
and'habitual labours of the Council.
'4. The extraordinary service is that of the Councillors of
State, and Masters of Requests, who exercise public functions
out f the Council.
0. The honorary Councillors of State, and Masters of Bequests,
end those on whom we are pleased to confer these titles, ac-
cording to the rules laid down in chap. 117.
6. Our Councillors of State, Masters of Requests, and Audi-
' tors, can only be recalled by virtue of an individual and special
. ordinance given by us on the proposition of our Keeper of the
Seals. _ _ _ .

7 ana 8, There shall be thirty Councillors of State in ordi.
nary sarvice,.and'none shall be appointed under thirty years o

age.
9. Enumerates the offices-which a person must have filled to
• qualify him for becoming a 11Iember of the Council of State.
and 11. Thete are to be forty Mestere of Requests ; none
under twenty-emit years of age..
12. Enumerate,' the oflie,ee'they must have previously held.
15. There are to be thirty auditors in two classes, of twelve
and eighteen Members. Thoae of the first class must be
t wenty -four ; those of the second, twenty-one years old. An
auditor must be it licentiate in law, and prove prime& possessed
of 'a
-net income of ‘lOOO francs.
The following articles relate to the Internal regulations, the
oath of secrecy, &c.
• VI. to IX. contains the names of the Councillors of State,
&c. Two other ordinances relate to the administration of the
. forests and fisheries of the kingdom, and three others announce
nainlnations and changes in different offices.
( From the Journal des Wargo, Friday.)
MADRID, Auer 16.--The most alarmingipportg are still in
circulation as to the aflitirs of Andalusia; the Government,
• in feet, does not act so as to calm the public mind. In-
stead of publishing Extraordinary Gatettes, making known the
truth, it obstinately preserves silence; and this silence, in the
• opinion of many persons, says more than is generally thought.
A Vlelent tire broke out to-day in a church of Madrid, and in a
' short time made an alarming program. The 28th regiment arrived
orethe spot, arid took immediately the necessary measures;
' het the engines were badly managed, as well as in a bad state,
aid it was impeesilde to extinguish the fire; the church, there-
fare, was completely consumed, and the fire has communicated
to some neighbouring houses. There is no knowing how this
tire will be extinguisted ; the military officers and the General
▪ in Chief have repaired to the spot; the whole of the French
' troops are under arms; the artillery have harnessed their horses,
' and the guns are all at the Prado. These precautions fortu-
netele lieve been usitlesa, and we have not heard that any dis-
order hes occurred.
(Prone the Constltutionnel.)
l'ineuret nt Ito /4AX A, JULY 9..—(The following letter is an-
terior to the recapture of loan, already announced ; but it con.
tains details of the greatest interest, not vet known, of the first
. sfiii:4—During the last four days we have seen several Ipsa-
• riot vessels enter our harbour. Those which arrived last have
brought circumstantial details of what has passed in the island
• since the landing of the Turks, and they agree perfectly with
the information received by the Government,. On the night of
the 2d-3,1, the Captain Pacha landed about 20,000 men towards
• the north pert of the island ; they marched in three columns,
and were not long
in teaching the town, which is situated to
the south. However
Pest was the inequality of force, the
(creeks, though cowardly betrayed by their fellow Christians,
were not dime-imaged ; at the first word every Ipsarint was at
his post, mind all resolved, if they could not repulse the enemy,
to sell their lives as dearly as possible. The combat coalmen.
ced at atveral points of the city, and lasted all the 3d. The
Turk* were several times repulsed, and always returned to the
dirge with fresh troope. Several women of the island took
parrin the combat, and perished with a courage superior to their
sex. No advantage was gained by either party during the tiny,
and night put a stop to the carnage. • On the morning of the
4th, the combat was renewed with day-light. The Turks, re.
foforced.by the crews of their large ships Just landed, advanced
to the attack with redoubled fury. Several Greeks, seeing
themselves so closely pressed, put their wives and children to
death, to seve them from slavery, and then rushing on the foe,
perished with arms in their hands. After making themselves
masters of the town, the Turks directed their exertions against
the chief battery, called Tabu, he well-directed fire of which
had committed terrible ravages in their ranks. The battery was
defended by the regiment of the seven hundred 1, mace/woes,
the bravest part of the garrison, commanded by Captain
Meats. This new combat was still more terrible ; three
times the 'Turks made themselvtre masters of part of the
Taiga, and were three times repulsed. More than once cut to
pieces by the fire of the battery, they took to flight, and endea.
'toured to gain the coast to reeambark, but the Captain Pacha
teased the Turkish ships to fire on them, which obliged them
to keep their position. Towards the close of the day
the Greeks, aurrounded on all aides, and worn out with
fatigue, get tire to the mines which had been iweviously prepared,
the Labia blew into the air, and buried in its ruins, with its re-
maining defenders, all the Turks who were around it. The
explosion was felt by vessel* six or seven !calques distant from
the Island. The number of M iselmen killed by the explosion
nod in the fight is said to amount to 1500, and their whole loss
ip the two days is estimated at 7000 men. Time Greeks lost the
el tee most remarkable men of Ipsara Nicolas Jannaris, and
mieuroyinnis. The remainder of
the forty of Peleocaetron and the'lp took refuge in
St. John, 'flanked eariots
by a rock which
gtreerns the town. The number of combatants in these two forts
is 2,500 men, and they are 411, siell supplied with ammunition
and provision. The Greek fleet left drAt;ll ti fith for
epeara ; the. entkuslahm of the crews at its height,4 they
have sworn io revenge Ipsara or perielt. The eleA•at"
farm van of thig' vessels
t
which were send by their crews,
five merchant vessebi. The Governmeuthas ' • 'd except
five received saris.
. factotty news from the island of CAW. The Egyptian squadron,

after two unsuccessful attacks on Candia, directed its course to
that island. The two first attacks were repulsed, but on the
third the Turks succeeded in landing, and made themselves
masters of the town. A Greek squadron, however, with rein•
tbreements for Candle, appearing in the neighbourhood,
landed a part of its troops and acted in concert with the inha-
bitants, who had taken refuge in the mountains. The Egyp-
tians, attacked both by sea and land, were cut to pieces
after a short resistance, and not a single one escaped. A boat
dispatched from Caso by the Navarque has brought this news.
CONSTANTINOPLE JuLY 25.—The enigma of the Captain
Dacha's return to Alitylene is explained by letters from
Smyrna. The-united Greek squadron appeared off Ipsara un.
expectedly, have taken sixty gun-boats and a brig, and have
massacred every Turk on the island. A great number, it is
said, have perished ; but on this point the reports do not agree,
After this event, the Captain Pacha returned to Mitylene.
and sent some frigates to Ipsara, which arrived too late, as the
Greeks, it is said, had evacuated the island, which does not,
however, appear probable.
Court', JULY 81.—(Extract of a Private Letter.)--The
Journal de Mistolongo ives the following news : The
Greek fleet which left-Hydra on the fish soon reached the waters
of Ipsara. An engagement there took place between it and
the Captain Paella's fleet. The combat was obstinate ; but the
Greeks, by means of their fire.ships, succeeded in setting fire to
3 Turkish frigates, viz. those commanded byr the Capondan Pacha
(Vice Admiral), tliePatrona.Bey ( Sub. Admiral), and the lleala
Bey (Rear-Admiral), which were blown up. The Captain Pacha
succeeded in saving his own ship, but she was much damaged.
Several other Turkish vessels were either taken or burnt, the
remainder of the Turkish fleet took refuge in AI itylene. After
this decisive victory the Greeks landed at •Ipsa.a, where more
than 2000 Ipsariots still retained possession of two forts. They
favoured the landing of their countrymen, and five or six thou.
sand Turks who were in the island, terrified by the defeat of
their fleet, took to flight, were pursued, and all cut to pieces.
(From the .Etoile, dated Settarday.l
The news of the retaking of Ipsara and Casco is confirmed
from all quarters; the Augsburg Gazette, of the 22d, contains
four circumstantial letters on the subject ; one from Odessa of
3d August, has news from Constantinople of 28th July, fully
confirming the return of the Ipsariots nub the Hydrints arid
Spezziots ; they took BO armed vessels, and put BAB Turks to
the sword. The destruction of the Egyptians at Casio is equally
certain. English vessels have brought to Malta the news of the
triumph of the Christians.
(From the Courier Francais.)
PARIS, Atm. 27.-111. Ouvrard, the great contractor for the
army of Spain, has had his furniture seized by Al. Seguin, who
has obtained a sentence against him for three million francs.—
Judgment by default having taken place, his furniture is or-
dered to be sold at his house. He has appealed against
this sentence, in order that his famituremay be sold in public ;
and his reason is, that his being miserable furniture will sell
more advantageously in the Place du Chatelet than at his
residence. The tribunal, however, has confirmed its first
sentence.
F WENCH FENDS, PARIS, AUG. 27.—Five per Cents. opened
at 10.80. ; closed at 100. 90. • Bank Stock, 1,880; Neapoli.
tan R ' entes 87A ; Spanish ditto, 191 ; Spanish Loan, 11123,
514.—Exchange on London, one month, 25. 10.; threw rn
onths, 24. 96.—(Court Authentique.)
