GERMANIC AFFAIRS.-(THIS DAY.)

A highly respectable but not numerous meeting of the
friends of liberty in Germany, took place to-day at the
Crown and Anchor.—Sir JOHN MILLEY Doyle, K.C.8.,
M.P., in the chair. Among the gentlemen present we no-
ticed Dr. Elmore, Dr. Schutz, Mr. Laurie Murray, and
Dr. Wade, of Warwick, a member of the Established
Church. The CHAIRMAN, on taking the chair, addressed
the meeting as follows :
Gentlemen,—However my sentiments may be in unison
with the general feeling of the country upon this subject,
and highly as I appreciate the opinions of the respectable
Deputation who have solicited me to take the Chair
upon this occasion, yet, conscious of my own inability to
do justice to the subject, I should most respectfully
have declined the honour, had the eloquent and ta.
lented Member (Mr. Bulwer) who brought forward
the subject in Parliament, or any of our collegue,
who supported him, been within reach ; and I now only
consent to sit here to afford the opportunity to those gentle
men who may wish to express their sympathy with the
suffering people of Germany. Trusting to the good sense
of the meeting, that the discussion may be conducted
with the moderation, decorum, and impartiality which is
always sure to forward and benefit a just and sacred cause.
Mr. T. LAURIE MURRAY then stated the present meet-
ing had been called in consequence of resolutions passed at
an Anglo_Germanic meeting, and read the following letter
and address to the Secretary of the meeting
" Tydvil Political Union.
" Addressed to Mr. Campbell, the Chairman of the Ger-
manic Association, London.

" The Members of the Merthyr-Tydvil Political Union
most respectfully lay before you an address to the people of
Germany, unanimously adopted at a general meeting ot
the members of the Union, held in the Bush Inn, on Sa-
turday the 18th inst., the Rev. David John in the chair.
At the meeting, the most unequivocal demonstrations
were evinced of its abhorrence of the conduct of the Ger
man despots, whose objects it believes to be the abjec
slavery, not only of Germany, but of the whole of Eu-
rope. The members respectfully request that you will
present the following address to the association :
"As men forming a part of the social system of th,
universe, we, the Members of the Political Union of
Merthyr-Tydvil, regard with deep indignation the at
tempts now made by the German Sovereigns against the
liberties of the German people.
" We firmly believe that if the infamous protocols o'
Frankfort be carried into effect, it will point the death-
blow to German liberty. Already the bristling bayonet i•
raised, and the flashing sword is drawn to execute th,
tyrannical decree. We believe this decree to be the corn
mencement of a general war throughout Europe against
the principles of liberty. Emboldened by their success,
in having crushed unfortunate Poland, the Continental
despots have attacked liberty in Germany.
" Germans, raise your united voices against them.
and strike for freedom ere it be too late. Put forth you,
moral power, and a bloodless victory wiil be yours. If your
tyrant resists, appeal to your mighty strength ; fight, con-
quer, and be free.
"To us, the people of England, the conduct of ow
King, in affixing his seal of approbation to this odious de-
cree, is a matter of surprise and indignation. When th.
Reform Bill of England became law, we believed we had
a patriotic King, marching onward with the spirit of thi
age, and, by his sanction of that great measure, raising a
bar against tyranny at home and abroad.
" People of Germany, we have been deceived. We
have experienced the duplicity of Kings, and have been
taught that men can be free by their own united efforts.
" Germans unite—the world's eye is upon you. Whet..
ever there are hearts that love liberty, or souls that breath,
the air of freedom, there will he prayers raised for you?
success; for the progress of civilization, and the happiness
of mankind, are dependant, to a degree inconceivable, on
your successful resistance.
" People of Germany, once more unite—and may God
defend the right !"

Mr. MURRAY, in reading this Address, was repeatedly
interrupted by the enthusiastic cheers of the multitude.
Dr. ELMORE rose to propose the following resolution :
" That this meeting views with sorrow and indignatior,
the successful attempts on the part of the Continenta;
despots to extinguish, by the late Frankfort Edicts, the
organ of liberty and independence in the free Press of Ger.
many ; and in order to keep alive the spirit of freedom it,
Germany, this meeting strenuously pledges itself to aid the
Anglo- Germanic Association to establish an Anglo-Ger-
manic newspaper in London, on the principles of advocat.
ing the restoration of the violated treaties and outraged
liberties of Europe."
He was quite sure that very few worth were neces-
sary to obtain the concurrence of the meeting in thr
opinions expressed in that resolution. And be knew
that by pursuing the course now open before them.
they would keep alive the flame of liberty, which was dis•
seminating itself over all Europe. The conduct of the
foreign despots i❑ regard to Germany was precisely similar
to the course adopted by Russia, in respect to Poland.--
The autocrat pursued a course of irritation towards Po-
land, that it was impossib:e at last to submit to. And
the same course of irritation was now being adopted
towards Germany. The fatal results in Poland were nos;
before the world, and if the foreign despots be successful,
the same results would follow in Germany. It was for
the purpose of counteracting their efforts that this
Anglo-Germanic Association had been formed. For
it had been proved, as was shown in the case of the
Polish Association, that such institutions were ut
great utility in forming a centre from which to
publish the proceedings in Germany. In that country
there was now no free Press—the last, the German Re
porter, having been suppressed, although it never inter
fered with politics. That fact must convince the world
of the utter hopelessness of the prospect of any good from
the Holy Alliance. But they would be unable in Ger-
many, that great seat of learning, to stop the march o;
mind. It is to Germany that they all looked for tlr
keeping together the classical literature of the age.—
(Cheers.) But the Holy Alliance were determined to attemp,
to extinguish liberty altogether. And if they succeeded,
if the machinations of those kingly despots were attended
with success, the fate of Poland in tst certainly awaited
Germany. But a spirit of re-action would arise in Get-
many, that would spread the flame throughout Europe.
It appeared that the Allied Sovereigns wished to goad, first
one State and then another, so as eventually to dissever
and destroy. But it was by combination that such at-
tempts must be suppressed. There were, however, great
difficulties in the way. He entreated the Germans te,
show, that they would not be driven to outrage
and to premature rebellion, and if they took the same
course which the British people had token on a late
occasion—if they would adopt not anarchy or rebellion,
but a firm and united detertnination to resist the maclli
nations of those bloody-minded despots, success would
attend them.—(Cheers.) Brute force was the last and
the worst to appeal to ; but if they vigorously and ii,
unison pursued by moral strength the object they had it,
view they would be sure to succeed in regaining their
liberties.—(Cheers.)

The Rev. Dr. WADE seeonded the resolution. H,
said men must be prepared to show to tyrants that the)
would not permit the foot of a tyrant to be on their neck
and crush them, and that they would resist with their lives all
such attempts. Allusion had been made to the expression
of sympathy, on behalf of the Germans, at Merthyr
Tydvil, and be could answer for similar expressions it,
Birmingham and Warwick. When he beard Mr.
Attwood allude at a public meeting to the down-
fall of those tyrants who tyrannized over Germany,
there was one great acclamation from the assembled
thousands.—(Cheers.) Passive obedience and non-resis
tance in England bad long since gone to the tomb of al
the Capulets; and he hoped that it would be the same in
Germany very shortly. The way had been pointed ou,
to the people of Germany by the people of England fin
the defence of their liberties, but he would go furthet
and snake a bold front to the despots
and say that England would, if necessary,
go much further. He believed it was in the time 01
Charles when the petty Princes of Germany called on
England to assist them against their greater tyrants ;
and now when those Princes had themselves be
come tyrants, England was bound to assist them.
Regarding the connection between England and Ha-
nover, rather than see this county disgraced b)
that connection, he would say, let Hanover go t
the wind. Hanover and England were not inseparah:e
like the Siamese twins, and England would stand noble,
by herself than with such a monstrous connection. A
celebrated writer (Bracton) had said, " While Princes do
justice, they are vicars of the Eternal King ; but when
they do injustice, they are vicars of the Devil." He was
afraid Princes of late had acted too touch like the latter,
and, therefore, should not be too much trusted—
hut rather that the people should oppose moral
force, and that physical force that was in the shape of
bayonets and cannon.—(Cheers.) Let them use moral
force first, and when that failed, as much physical fore,
as was necessary.—(Cheers ) When filen), had been
nearly drawn from the world by the Roman army,
where did she take her stand ? Beyond the Rhine, where
the Germans fostered and fed her generously and fondly
fur a period of 500 years. Would it therefore be nigh:
now to suffer the Germane, whose forefathers did eo much

for liberty, to lose the ':reeduto tti I liven fostete I so
I mg in their own country. --( Che rs.)

The nieetiug was proceeding when we went to Press.
The following is the other resolution intended to be
proposed :
" That in order to enable the Anglo-Germa:ric Assoc's-
rion to carry the foregoing resolutions into full effect, this
meeting cordially recommend that a subscription be now
entered int and those gentlemen now present, who are
desirous of supporting this laudable undertaking, are to-
quested to give their contributions to J. Laurie Murray,
Esq , the treasurer to that association."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, Alla. 29.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the Ed-
ward, Haviside, from Sincapore, sailed from the Mauritius
the 15th of May ; also arrived the Newton, from New-
foundland.

PoßTsmourtr, Aus. 29.—Wind W.N.W.—Put back
the Upton Castle, Duggan, for Bombay. Arrived his
Majesty's ship Dryad, from Cork.

FALMOUTH, Alta. 28.—Wind W.S.W. to N.N. W.
Sailed the Hermes stem packet, for Lisbon.
RAMSOATE, Aua. 29.—Arrived the Duchess of Glouces-
ter, Newman, from Riga.
DOVER, Aua. 29.—Arrived off port the Rosells,
E.l-
- from Baltimore.

Cowes, Auc. 29.—Arrived the Emulous, Peet, from
New Orleans.

SHARPNESS, Auc. 25.--Arrived the Redley, Redley,
from Archangel.

Auc. 28.—Arrived the John, Daice, from
Valparaiso, and the John Lres, Lees, from St. Peters-
burgh.
GREENOCK, Auc. 27.—Arrived the Louisa, M'Kellar,
from Trinidad ; Mary and Scott, Scotland, from Quebec ;
Williamina, Spence, from Archangel, and the Mary An-
derson, Micklejohn, from Riga.

WESTMINSTER SESSIONS.

(THIS DAY.)

These Sessions commenced this morning before F.
CONST, Esq., Chairman, and a Bench of Alagistratts.
Thomas Field and Rebecca Klffen were indicted for
assaulting 'William Davis.

The prosecutor stated that he was a jeweller and opti-
ci ai in Crown-street, Soho, and that Mrs. Killen, wl a
was an eccentric old lady, in the enjoyment of an annuity
of 750/. a year, had occupied lodgings in his home at 4s.
a week, for about two months. Notwithstanding the ex-
tent of her property, she owed him nearly 101. for rent
and above 301. for money lent her. Early in May they
disagreed, and he gave her notice to quit; and on the 10th
May, two days after she left she came to his house with
six other persons, among whom was the other defendant ;
and upon his refusal to give up some goods he he!d as se-
curity for the rent, they beat him, knocked him down,
and kicked him while on the ground, the old woman be-
ing particularly active in striking him, and exclaiming,
" Kill him, the villain."

Two witnesses deposed, that they were attracted to the
prosecutor's house by his cries, and they saw him on the
ground, and the defendants and the others round him.
For the defence several persons were called, who all
swore that no assault whatever was committed, and that
prosecutor was never on the ground at all. The defendant
Field's father and mother swore, that in a conversation
with Davis he said Field had never struck him.
The Jury acquitted the defendants.

BANKRUPTCY COURT.-AuG. 29.

MR. 3IABERLKY's BANKRUPTCY.

A meeting of creditors took pldce to-day to audit ac.
counts and for the further proof of debts.
Mr. Poor.E appeared as solicitor for a Mr. Knight, to
prove a claim, amounting to 6,9001., being one-fiqh part
of the amount of the sum of 34,5001., which, it was
alleged, was the amount of commission received on ac.
count of the contract entered into by Mr. Maberley for
raising the Terceira Regency Loan.
The COMMISSIONER inquired how this claim arose?
_ _

Mr. Poorx said Mr. Maberley had the contract for a
Portuguese Regency Loan ; that bonds had issued f
105,6001., and his client, being engaged in the transac-
tions, became entitled to one•fifth of the commission arising
by the sale of these bonds. He produced the certificate
of the broker who bad negotiated these bonds, and in
this manner was to send the produce in cash into the hands
of Mr. Maberley. Mr. Knight, by an award, was clearly
entitled to his one•fifth sale of the commission arising on
the transactions, which amounted to 34,5001.
The COMMISSIONER postponed the consideration of this
important claim, that Mr. Easthope, the banker, might
attend, and books be produced.

The OFFICIAL ASSIGNEE then stated, that he expecbal
to have 10,0001. assets in hand in a few days.
The CommisszoNEß. said that he should declare a divi-
dend as soon as there was enough to divide one shilling in
the pound.
The SOLICITOR to the creditors said that be should, at
the proper time, protest against the declaration of a divi-
dend, as there were outstanding engagements which
ought first to be paid. The estate was paying interest at
five per cent.

Several debts were proved. The claims against the
bankrupt's estate were as follows:-136,0001. unsecured;
74,000/. secured ; and 20,0001. disputed ; in all 230,000!.
At present the estimate is that not more than three shil-
lings in the pound will be paid, unless some of the bank-
rupt's afftirs should prove more favourable than antici-
pated.—The meeting then adjourned.
