TO TILE

SlR,—Being greatly shocked at hearing of 's
-o
many instances of women being -burnt to 'death
from their clothes accidentally taking fire, I wish
to otter few-hints on this occasion ; - which, if •
duly attended to, would (I think) often 'prevent
the accident proving fatal. ft;is generally the
lower part of the dress which catches fire : then,
if the person remains in an upright posture, the
flame, naturally rising upwards; 'Will quickly
reach-the head .or stomach, -and he likely to bave
a fatal effect ',llist,• it she-immediately lay- down
upon thq floor, she might:in- general very easily
extingiash the .flame by rolling•herself. • Or, if a;
num he present, be may pull off his coat; and with
that very_ soon extingiiish the biae. It there be
a hearth rug, it would answer•the purpose better
than almost any other thing. It is the' want of
knowing before-hand "'what is proper to be done
in %itch a 'case," that occasions -loss of time, and
thereby increases the mischief. .And then the
violent fright 'destroys •altpresenee of mind 'and
yal,ei Hie, case become quite detsperlitc, which' at
6rstquight easily have been remedied. • J. 'C.

At our New Market' ott Saturday, fat *cattle
averaged 7-Ll. per lb.; sheep 8-Id.; pigs
The nutnbee of each- was ..unusually large at this
season.; there were• few buyers, and .prices bad
much declined since Our last fair. •
• A Correqondent,. no friend to farrners,• re-
quests Us, in the fallowing truly, elegant language,
to advkii them to humble then:selves, arid " put
their hands to the plough--the wife tO.the cow--;
apd family to the-mow ;—they•tchon/d then.find a
good living by the sweet of their'brow—and pay
emery one now 1."--,•(Shreivsbury.Chron.)

*TIiF .Bristol Journal contains the following Not7ce, which
shews that Mt Davis 04,4 is adverse to the continuance of
the Tai) Las been as-much -misrepresented as Mr. Glad-

stone

Th 3 conduct osf Mr. Davis," otir Member, has, we are as-
sured,'been also as much misinterpreted as Mr. Cladstone's
conduct at Liverpool has been. It is true, Mr.tak is receiv-
ed froM.Lord Liverpool a letter, stating that it was the 41'
tention of Ministers to take the Sense of Parliament upOn the
necessity of continuing the Incon I%m; but so far from Lard
Liverpool having sent this information to Mr. D. with' c;
to feet the pulse tpliis conseihmes, we have reason to believe
'4e are correct in
.saying, that Lord L'! communication was
in reply to a previous letter of Mr. D's, in which he informed
his Lordship, that he.had not only ce tson to think that the
sense:of his Censtituents was inimical to the continuance of
the,Tax, but tbat his own sentiments were repugnant to it,
and when opportunity UFercd, be should feel it. 1114 'duty t&
oppowit." ••

LONDON,
NATURDaY, JAYl.74lty it; 1815.

We are still without foreign arriirals to-dAy,'
and the consequence, as usual, is, that the news
from Vienna is more consistent and
There is .no reason to indtice us to alter the °pi-
.
tionS we have already laid before the Public. What
the conferences at Vienna are near a close, we are
well convinced, and that,thearrangements we have
stated, will he their result we have not the slightest
'douht4 Lord 6t4TLEREAGIii as we mentioned
long ago, may shortly be expected in this court.;
try, 'and we are informed that the Speedy de-
parture of the Monarchs from Vienna for Berlin .is
As confidently to be anticipated. As for the wars

shall only notice thew with the French inteijece

tiot) , Bahl

When-we yesterday ,avo wed cur intention 9
offering a few remarks on' the subject of the Pro-..
petty Tax, we were aware that so much prejudice
existed. against the opinions we entertain, that
were we to fill whole columns with explanatory
matter, We could not expect to escape miscon-
struction.. We shall, therefore only say, that we
should individually be •nruch benefitted and e%,-
ceedirwly rejoiced were that Tax at an end---aritt.
5' • -
therefore, in supporting the expediency of itg•
continuance for another -year, we may at least be
credited for speaking• on public grorindS,- since
both our private interests and private feelings are
marshalled on the other
We Will..graiit to those who join in the POi•
dons., at present so prevalentin many parts of the
country,- that this Tax is-irksome, is.moreinqui-.:
sitorial -than accords with the free nature of our
Constitution, is in some instances oppressivW; anal
in all burthensome, and that nothing in the civ.-
cle of Taxation can be much more -desirable doll
its termination. But it has beeir.sribmiteed-tO
with all its grievances for many. years,_ and whyt
becauseit furnished that revenue, which no other
means could produce,' and sated us from'. evils a
, .
thousdnd fold more intolerable than. those it in
flicted : • Because, if the Tax Gatherer visited
our houses Oftener than,we wished, it was.tei save-
us altogether from the more unpalateable visit of
a ,foreign Enemy : Becarise, if we paid -ten per
cent, on our incomes, itiireserved the other ninety
per cent. from the hie : Because,• if we. were un-
pleasantly called on to divulge the hiStOry of our
fortunes, the secret was at least, let_ out to our
own Government, which protected us in the full
enjoyment of the property not. required -for the
exigencies of the State, and riot to a Conquer-.
ing Invader, who would have:stripped us of all ;
Because, if it so far invaded our private, it
guatranteed our more valuable public tights : And.,
because if our Contributions were large, they
were still the contributions of Freemen, and'
nobly applied under wise and able Ministers, ts •
the result has proven, to rescue uslfrom degeada-
tion and slavery, -If then we have paid dearly foC- •
our blessings, our blessings are well worth a
mighty price.
But it is said, the War is ended, and this Which-
...,
was most distinctly understood to be a War taxi
ought to end with it. Granted, if the.. War be
really and virtudtly ended; but this seems to us tQ
be-a mere quibble upon words.. When the ter!"
initiation of :the, impost was contempltted )
contemporaneous with theconalusiOn of the great
struggle in which we were engaged at the time it
was t imposed by Parliament and consented to bf ,
the Country, it was not the literal signature of
the
a treaty of peace—but real cessation of the
demands incident to such a state of military array
as we were compelled to maintain, which °ld.
viously constituted the spirit of the Legislative
Enactment. The War, then, in this point of view, .
is not ended —the necessity which induced us to
•
resort to _this severe but.etlicacious measure stilt

.f.

In Flanders we have an army almost as
'numerous as we had in Spain ; and till the other
Powers of Europe resume the condition of Peace,
we must maintain our warlike attitude, orlose
a few weeks of apparent weakness, many of ihosi
advantages for which we have Contended so vigo-
rously. • Our relations with Ahierica also, absO-
'lntel) require an immense Naval and 11Tilitark.
Establishment to be kept up, and until the Con'7.
gress at Vienna comes to a pacific. determination,
and the Congress at Washing'/on ratifies 'the.
Treaty of Ghent, it may indeed be said;- " the
war is at an end," but will any man in his.
senses assert that such a state of circumstances
exists as to relieve us from a war
,exPentli!•.
rure, or induce the people to weaken the hands of
~Governinent, by ill-tiinesl..remonstrancca 4nd
judged claurours. We have run a gloriotis tacor-s'
the goal is iu'view,witkthe terialuiy of ttitunphlf
we.perscvere tcl the last--is this then a
extoll ttf
ECkic in 'out speedi ;airire our osertions, ?
If iVc do i obi
overarnent. but the Nation is to
blame for sacrificing, in- one moment of lid 4,
becility, the good which long years of firmnoss
and constancy have placed within our grasp.. Tjoon
this subject, the LiverpOol Courier, which $0
,
menttonen yesterday, with that- eulogy due to it*.
merits, makes these o serrations, with which we'
shall conclude„ as . heing,petiectly consonant- t°
our own opinions :

exists.

,4 We are nominally at peace, hut aie.'not in our FOC
attitude; and npie hut thezveries't itCp,olitics Ca-3
suppose we can he as long as Europe remains unsettled, "
from Europe we. turn to America, the case is, '6tio moro
übvioui. • • hostilities have nut ceased, che Titaty is "itnrilti.
ned, i'Lll(FOrii• 'preparations anuthq eatnpaigni very ixplf.r"
sive,; hilt very proper ones, are goirig tlft;- To meet- thel
expellees, looney miist I,*! found, and to. urge the inslilL
relinquishruent of a war tax.,,licuive we are bat nc,Pii7talt:'
at peace, is to take advantage of natn“ 'And appearances t°
embarrass Uovernmerit, Thisis coirying, and nut wa M
riotis_`
. and it i, very unworthy of men who profess to ilaye the
terest of the cutustp;• at heart; As.for those who hive oppc,sl',
tian fc# avvn s,ii e, Cie affair faiiialite for' tactic."

MR. CHAI;LES IiSMBLE.",

. . •
Tn common with every Lover of the
.P.ratos,
in the Metropolis, we rarely witness a Play at
either House Without regretting' the absence of
the Gentleman whose -.name is, placed at.;t,he head
of this article, Whether 'ilfelpgmene
.
have possessibn of the Stage, it is, a sulije-ct•"of
regret to all frequentei's of the "Theatres, that's
Performer .so well qualified to shine in the train
of either, and who has so often delighted the
ShOuld roam " a man forbid to graCe
theboards of the capital. It is uniVersalli) con-
fessed; that in -a multitude* of parts, both int Tra,
gedy and . Comedy,, he is uorivalled ; and, it.. is.
seen, that a number of excellent Drairtai;, in
ite-SuS;altied. the first Characters with' the
unnosr.ability, are either-laid aside froan-the-want
of. persona competent to fill them, or come tartly
nff, from the inefficiency of those who. are pro-
,
'mote(' into a rank fw or hich they. are unfit. This
we think, and the Publif thinks with us, ought
to he. The two Chartered Companies which
engross the Dramatic Market, are bound by their,
monopoly to furnish the Public with the lxest
syrod-uctions which can be obtained, .aml it appears_
t° us. to be a ()Toss -injustice on their sides, that a
b
Performer of the merits of I.Mr. CHARLES, KEDIELE
shouhl.not be permanently secured to adorn die
Lotnloi sta •
e
t g. •
1:e have been led to these remarks, though the
subject has for;; dwelt neon our minds, by perusing
the folmmtne,- Critiques in a Manchester Pa hr
upon the appearance of Mr. K. in several
racters, •-in that place: Upon his Hamlet, -thk:
Writer, whose observations- prove him -to he no!
:bean Critic, or 'uncultivated judge of dramatic
talents, says---
" We go not so far as to say that the Iltrmlpt of hlondar
bight was perfection;—for we are sensible that such are the
'riche's-contained in that inexhaustible mine of condensed
?livutalitv, armlet, that new.beauties will he discovered in
it every time it is read' of representedhy a man of genius
lier do we saywe think it, as a whole, equal to the best
bets we have witnessed, if our part'ality to " our own
,o,rart" as _Mr. YOHNG of -Covent-Garden• is often called in.
this town, from his Cornier establishment amongst us, does
13? t !Vas but ive will say,. confidently, that Mr. K BLE
thirsted beauties from his Author which we had never. teen
rfnee. Many persons bad expected to see a comb because
8s elder brother stands at. the head of his profession, and is
fi.'eniVe. They wii.re mistaken. The Honed was no
had the merit of originality in -the outline—and
Xtuich truth of colouring. in the execution. Many, very many
Points were 'given most happily; and several which exhibited
Dutch maturity of judgment and a correct taste, were as ngu,
teas as they,were happy. We have however said, we do not
deem the representation faultless ; and as we detest /Amend*,
we shall bazardthc expression of our opinion, that with so
ery,urany eSeencllCieS its,Nlr. C. KEHRLE'S Hamlet possesses,
tircing as it has done the tribute of approbation from us, we
bitt think lie gave it toe much of the time of 41 icl; and too little of resentful regret, in the first scenes; and
That he was, occasionally too boiSterous in others. These
were the blemishes which we 'observed on the elegant
Mirror" which on Monday night be " held up to nature."
_" On-Tuesday (continues the Writer) the diversified talents
of Mr.. C. Itt
:;instewere manifested in the performance of
ck; iii Nluch Ado about Nothing,." The audience
•`:ph
e ieletighted forour Bart, we never ss'itticssed,a_Boictl4ck
theelarcat9eD secouded the views cif the Poet, when he drew
41.,„Lit.r4 .-as marked with a discrimination which
vett as identil t•• d t playfulness and
trace which adorned it,
wei i
sti: irtesisatible iii tht; demand of
After enterin.- into some detail upon his Octa-
ve
roceett,—.; have not room to copy, the Critic
I. We bad"re r tte
tent:len4,u ivasg. acK "the two preceding' nights, that. this
3W, tl Mini)* perspas atri:ine, because *4 wire folly aware, that liot horn
te.ietl an idea, that he only reflected a bor.
ng• to al low Lis if:ebrother, and therefore. they were un-
Ito
audience
!lint inn originality ;
been lint this evening
notber name, it w'convinced, that if be lis.i.horoe
Cimittliation in the Th' eta hare,l
4esignalted another brilliant
" Ott Friday evening, Ipre'ssiZl: );;.re.C. Kr.mul.m. had
already made on the town, was still more strengthened by his
admirable performance of 'inv/ack, in the " Merchant of
,iViode.c." Since the late Mr..COolct.'s performance of the
tharazter, we had nut seen-in Manchester any copy of " the
Zew which Shakespeare drew,'.' which at all resembled bins,
tilt Friday night, when nothing was left to regret for past ex-
cellence. Indeed, as a whole, notwithstanding the powerful
ceect which Mr. Conks: produced, in many passages, we
think the ShNtock of Friday much superior. COORE'S
a k Was a diabolical, tiger-like vampire, anxiously wait-
log to glut his passion for human blood. Mr. CHARLES
N.ESIELE'S SAYACh is a nianl—a bad man 'ti's true,—who in
its eagerkies.fpr revenge, tramples on liumanity,—indulcs
in demoniacal transports--and in the names of the Prophegts
in whom he believes, and of the God he adores, presses for-
ward to lave his hands in the blood of the enemy of his race,
-who had reviled him, had spit upon 'him, and treated him
-wit& the utmost contumely.
1" It. was not a slaughterer of cattle, whose tucked-up shirt
reeves, and bloOd-smeared arms, were hid, in masquerade,
bY a Jewish dress ; but a being who exhibited all the feelings
and the passions of a man who, with the cool calculation of
%vary usurer, minutely weighed everything possible, before
breathed a proposition.; who examined with philosophical
attentive the nature of the creatures,: on
whom lie meant to
rractise; and who reasoned like a profound-logician on every
,etue he propounded to himself. furtherance of his rul-
ng, Passiim Such Nei& the Sliy/ock we have lately seen ;
,-"I" such, in our opinion., is the way in which the charac-
set. •
oh oluoys ought to be represented. The design was not
Tjust. but the execution was adadrable from first to last."
„„
these remarks we have nothing to add of
°lir own, liut that it seems to US, that great blame
tests sr.—
--...ewlittne, or Mr: CHARLES. KEMgLE would
at this time be, whet e 6e is mach wanted, before
"doll, and not a Manchester audience.

N.„"rdeed we mention Macduff., Edgar., Anthony, Cassio,
o,NerestAnyFalconbridge,Valetitine, Lave in ore , Citarles 13;;;11.46?,
riess' o Captath er in
charaecter Plum, Benedicli, Don Felix, Orlando, and
...s.

ISt R •
eglnient of Lite Guards is under or-
-
"'"nt Knightsbridge Barracks, to
are happy to
• cevere
in be._
-ef the paint.
whom the inhiunau
handkerchief round her
that She had perpetrated tbcllo...
but marks of violence being discovere,
rent parts of her body, supposed to have bee..
..flicted by her resisting the monsters, the Coro-
ner's verdict was Wilful Murder against some person tin,.
great
or persons unknown. Three men have been appre- as he intended
. headed on suspicion of committing the minder.— ' der for Spiking the go.--
(Doncaster , &e. Sfc. Gazette,.Jan. 20.) made to rest upon a contioge.,
Ten Thousand Two Hundred Pounds. The if Gen; MaCkenzie had" tick so. rec.-
, Ticket, No. 2502, drawn on Wednesday last a
Prize qf 2001. and being the first above 251. enti- mirst have been an alteration in the delivei,
Q. Was not the order communicated to you o,
tied to 10,0001. in addition, was shared and sold r
, _latent Drewe a contingent order No, it was
'by WEVI3,, 17, Ludgate-street, in one Quarter, • I: • • `endue...
,pointJt.tann tweet.
three I4,ighths, And six. SixteenthS. The first so bad as to
drawn Prize above 251. next Friday, being the Q. At what hour did yon order the message to
non, and in fact the
second day Of drawing, will also be entitled to be carried into effect Ido not know exactly,
but some time previous to the time of embarka-
-20,0.00/. 'Tickets and Shares, warranted undrawn,. Q Are, there not other
lion, which was one o'clock, when General Clin-Aa I k b are selling at WEnz's Lucky Office, 17, ..Ludgate-. the,country down to the plain
ton marched on the ground previously occupied the Plain "4
Tarragona • '
street, near St. Paul's. Orders by Post duly by my division.
roads from Tortosa to the plain of the Ebro,
executed. rht viz. that b Bata-.
Q. What number of the enemy was in your which cannon can be broui, , y

NAVALN NEW

'DEAL, JAN. 20.--Arrived; and sailed for the
River, the Forbes, SCARLETT, from Bengal.—
.Sailed -the brig Maria, lity, from Cork for ton:.
.don. Retnitin his Majesty's ship Bombay, .and.
Argus- Deal pilot cutter.—Wind N. E.

POJITSMOUTIIj Ziiv. 20.—Arrivid the Misletoe
schooner from Plymouth ; and the Resolution,-
1-10DGEMA' N, from London, with deals. His Ma-
jesty's: ship' Warrior, 'for- the- 'iVest Indies, the
only con's oy at present.---Wind E.
PiAltotrrti, JA' I9.—Arrived the Sivedish
.• •
brig LaCks,.: DoNNtn, from Iklalaga to Lisbon.

FALMOUTH, JAN. ISi---Arrived,the Snap gun-
brig front a cruize; and Hero,' .igtirlogs; from
Bristol_ for Messina. •Sailed the Two Brothers;
KNIGHT, for Plymouth.—Wind N. E.
