VALUABLE BIOGRAPHICAL WORKS.

In 2 vols. Bvo. with three Portraits,

. SIR THOMAS LAWRENCE'S
,
r LIFE.
" Every one must tke a deep interest in tracing the bright
:4reer of such a man as Lawrence—the greatest painter of his
ile,!.”d perhaps the nicest judge of his art in others. His de.
"Lull letters alone must recommend the work to genera]
PerWal."—Globe.

LIVES OF THE PLAYERS.
113 Y the Author of " Lawrie Todd," &c. &c. 2 vols.
CONTENTs.--Bettertoli, Was, Nell Gwynn, Mrs. Barry
Colley Cibber, Farquhar, Quin, Garrick, Foote, Macklin.
Render", G. F. Cooke, Miss Farren, Emery, Mrs. Jot,
dan, j.
P. Kemble, Illis. Siddons, &c. &c.

111.
LIFE OF FUSEL'.
To which are added his LECTURES on ART, his
HISTORY of the ITALIAN SCHOOLS of PAINT-
ING, exe. 3 vols. with fine Portrait.
The present volumes record not only the painter's life, but
give• copious reports of his table-talk, and accounts of his inter-
course, epistolarY and otherwise, with the good and great of his
time."--:Morning Post.
SIR HUMPHRYIVNo one who reads this DAVY S LIFE.
'
By Dr. PARIS. New Edition, 2 vols. with Portrait.
book, and studies theb
Which Davy arrived at his grand
results, ',yin hesitate toss place hhn in the rank of immortal genius."—Spectator.
V.
NORTHCOTE'S LIFE OF TITIA.
'With Anecdotes of the Distinguished Persons of his Time.
" 2 vole, with fine Portrait.
present is not a little remarkable that until the appearance of the
work no biography should have existed in our language
of the greatest colourist and tinett portrait-painter the world
ever produced."—Courier.

VI.
MAJOR GORDON'S MEMOIRS.
Written by HIMSELF. 2 vols. Bvo.
" The best collection of real anecdotes and adventures that
We have seen for many a day."—Spectator.
stree
t.enry Colburn and Richard Bentley, New Burlington-

A very general itnpression exists that Mr.
O'CONNELL has prevailed upon Government to accede to
most of his proposed amendments in the Irish Reform Bill.

Let that man laugh, who never laughed before,
And those who always laughed, now laugh the more."
—(Great laughter.) And so the Revolutionary Bill, the
fiery dragon—the devil in the shape of paper and printers'
types—(Cheers)—that was to shake the Crown on the
King's head, was likely to become good law and doctrine,
by the commands of our King notwithstanding. His
Majesty, though deceived by irresponsible advisers, was
sooninformed where the strength of the Crown lay, and
that the best safety for the state existed in the affections)
of the people.—(Cheers.) It was well that the doubts
originated in some quarters assto the sincerity of the King
for the success of Reform should have been removed before
this meeting took place, and that instead of having, as
they anticipated and had resolved on, to execute the dis-
agreeable duty of moving a resolution that the House of
Commons would exercise their right of stopping the sup-
plies till the Bill was passed, he should have the pleasant
and cheerful task of expressing the high admiration and
gratitude they entertained for the patriotic conduct of the
House of Commons in the difficult situation in which they
were placed—a situation in which had they vacillated for
a moment—had they temporized or shown an inclination
of wavering for an instant, the result would have been de-
structive to their hopes and ruinous to the country.—(lin-
mense cheering.) But their uncompromising front and
energy had had the de'ired effect, they had saved the Bill,
and tee had come to thank them for their noble conduct—
and to state that as we never would give in, we trusted that
they also would stand " firm to the last."—(Cheers )
The meeting had to thank others too. The resolutions in
which those other votes of thanks will h expressed were
placed in other hands; but he could not refrain from so
far intruding upon the duty thus conferred upon his friends
of stating, that they had met also to vote an address to
his Majesty, thanking him for having restored his Ministers
to his confidence and rejected the advice of other Coun-
cillors—Councillors whose consciences were of the most
convenient description, of the true Jem Ratcliffe cast—
(Loud cheering)—men who can forget their solemn and
recorded opinions—their vows—denunciations in the high
courts of Parliament—and above all, their protests—
(Groans)—all except the desire of office—the love fatten-
ing on the flesh-pots of Egypt.—(More groans.) Deeply
did he regret the error of a leader—that a man who stood
above the common world should have forgot his former
acts for love of the mere pomp and circumstance of office
—when that commander announced in the broadest terms
his hatred to the name of Reform—when he declared
that in his estimation the Constitution of the country was
a very monster of perfection—a Phosnix which could not
be amended or improved—the people were struck with
astonishment, and the absurdity of the doctrin. drove the
propounder into private life. But still it was thought
candid—it was open and void of anything like humbug.
w
It was thought in keeping with his straight forward
character, and the country, recalling his martial deeds and
his repeal of the disabilities affecting our Roman Catholic
countrymen, looked forward to a change--that he would
-ee the propriety of yielding to expediency, and renounce
his wild conceptions in sufficient time. But no, till the
tempter offered him place and power, and (stripping his
statement of official garniture) it appeared plain to him
that he fell a victim to ambition.—(Groans.) But let
hem bury in oblivion all former rancour and animosity_.
let them receive with gratitude Ike boon which they were

assertion that the creation of Peers would subvert the Con-
stitution, or endanger the. Throne. On the contrary,
Earl Grey has proved that the King possessed the consti-
tutional right of controlling the Peers; otherwise, while
the House of Commons and the King were under legiti.
mate control they—the House of Lords—would be beyond
all guidance, and the King and Commons, subjected to the
dictation of an oligarchy. The Anti-Reformers, if such a
class of unfortunate beings might be now said to exist,
for all parties have declared themselves Reformers to a
certain extent, ask with an air of triumph what good
the Reform Bill would do? He would answer that simply,
by saying, that it must do a great deal of good by prevent-
ing them from continuing to do evil—(Tremendous ap-
plause)—but it would do much more than the simple pre-
vention of evil—it would give the people a control over
the public purse, and prevent any set of men from squan-
dering the money exacted from honest industry, on unme-
rited pensions, titled paupers, and other pampered
favourites.—(Thunders of applause.) It would give pro-
perty and intelligence, and rank and wealth, their legi-
timate influence, but it would strip rank and wealth of
that illegal influence which they now possessed, princi-
pally by the purchase of seats through rotten burghs to
enable them to tax the people at their pleasure.—(Hear:)
They saw what a friend Earl Grey was to the people, m
at once resigning office rather than consent to the loss of
the clause destroying the nest of rotten burghs. With-
out schedule A, all the letters in the English alphabet
would not make Reform worth a farthing. Schedule A
contained the essential principle, and without it the rest
was mere leather and prunella. The Antis pretend to
say that it was a matter of form, and a thing of no conse-
quence whether they begin with B or A, A B and B A
being one and the same thing ; but let the meeting just
suppose now that any of their neighbours had a nest of
vermin on his property, which he agreed to destroy, 00
the understanding that when he did so, they agreed to let
him have the privilege of extending his garden wall to a
certain extent upon their property. Well, they find their
neighbour some fine summer morning busy digging a
ronndation for his garden wall upon their ground, but are
still as much annoyed with the rats and vermin as ever ;
they tell him, of course, that he was not to be allowed the
extension of his garden wall until the vermin was first de-
stroyed. Oh, says he, that's all nonsense ; it is a mere
matter of form, a thing of no consequence whether the.
rats are destroyed before the wall is begun, or after

" From o'er the waters of yon deep blue sea,
Their hearts as boundless and their souls as free"—
(Tremendous cheering)—all formed a picture of such
a cheering and animating nature that he felt his heart ex-
pand. The cause was nearly won ; and when they met
again he trusted it would be to use their votes in aid of
some tried friend of the cause of Reform. He intended
to have gone a little into detail for the purpose of showing
up the fallacy of the arguments used by the opponents of
the Bill, on the ground that it was of a revolutionary na-
ture; but he believed it would be superfluous; for most
of them, he supposed, were as well able to discuss the
question as himself. But, just for the sake of argument,
he might observe that a measure which brought within
the hospitable pale of the Constitution 500,000 men,
comprising the great mass of the wealth, enterprise, and
industry of the State, is not revolutionary, but sound,
wholesome, and restorative.—(Cheers.) The Antis say
the 10/. clause is too low, and yet it is much higher than
the present rate, which gives the franchise, in many places,
to po' wallopers, that is to persons who have merely ac-
quired a legal domicile. But it was the Scotch Bill that
required their more immediate notice. In England they
had a popular representation—in Scotland they were per-
fect bondsmen—not a vestige of Representation was in
their hands. All the electors in the Scotch burghs elected
themselves ; and all the electors in Scotch counties
did not much exceed 3,000, good, bad, and indifferent. He
would not allow himself to enter upon the clauses
of the Scotch Bill, more particularly the claims
of the paper Barons for compensation. It was a delusion
to argue that they had any vested right in their votes—it
was a mere trust. Their having votes was an abuse, and
should not be perpetuated. They claimed it on the ground
of precedent, that the holders of the heritable jurisdictions
were allowed compensation. The cases were as different as
black from white. The holders of these jurisdictions had
ample fees in virtue of their legislative powers; and when
these were taken away, it was proper to reimburse them.
Besides, it was given as a bonus for their good behaviour
for the loss of a jurisdiction which told Donald to come
down and be hanged to please the laird.—(Laughter and
great cheering.) But nobody cared for the storm in a tea-
cup, which all the parchment hitch of Scotland could
muster. But to stop their roar for money, he would let
them vote till they were tired of it, anti sell if they could.
Nobody would give them five farthings for the right of it.
From the moment the Reform Bills were laid on the table,
it was clear that the rotten burghs, town councils, and
parchment barons had received their death blow.--(Cheers. )
They were, in short, virtually dead—peace be with their
ashes !—(Great cheering.) And when they should meet
the forlorn ghost of a bailie or a councillor " revisiting the
glimpses of the moon," they must heave a sigh of pity for
the days that were gone, and say, from the bottom of their
hearts, "Alas, poor ghost !" (Great laughter, and
thunders of applause.) By the fall of the year many of
them present, burgesses, freemen, and leaseholders,
would, he hoped, enjoy the privilege of using the elective
franchise. His advice to them was simply this—to be pru-
dent, honest, and upright, and, above all, to use it to the
best of their judgment in the way which they thought
most likely to benefit the interests of their native land.—
Mr. Cameron sat down amid the most deafening cheers.
Convener &OTT rose to second the motion. After the
eloquent address they had just heard from Mr. Cameron,
it would be improper fir him to enlarge on the subject.—
He fully concurred in all that Mr. Cameron had said, and
he trusted soon to see the wishes of this numerous meet-
ing gratified by the passing of the Reform Bill into a law.
He followed the dictates of his own mind, as well as
those of his constituents, in giving this resolution his most
cordial support.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put, and carried by acclamation.
The second resolution having been read,
Mr. RICHARDSON came forward. It fell to his lot to
move the next resolution, and it was with no ordinary
feelings of embarrassment that he appeared to address so
large and vast an assembly ; but in these changing and
momentous times he considered it the duty of every one,
however humble his abilites might be, to come forward,
and openly and unflinchingly declare his adherence to the
great cause they had so long and ardently advocated.—
(Cheers.) The resolution which be bad the honour to
bring under their notice was expressive of their delight
and gratification that his Majesty had again taken to his
councils and confidence those liberal and patriotic States-
men who had done so much for the liberties of their
country and the world at large.—(Hear, bear.) He was
sure there was not an individual who had the good of his
country at heart, but must deeply regret that his Majesty
should have been for one moment estranged from the love
and affections of his people, by the mean and shuffling
tricks of the selfish boroughmongers. He was now,
however, happy to think that it had been but a temporary
estrangement—and that his Majesty, by reinstating into
office his worthy and deserving Ministers, had at the
same time reinstated himself in the love and affections of
his people.—(Tremendous cheering.) He confidently
trusted his Majesty would continue to support and assist
his Ministers in carrying the Reform Bill in its fullest ex-
tent, and thereby secure to himself the gratitude of every
liberal-minded subject.—(Cheers.) But what were they
to think of those advisers—those intriguers—those back-
stair gentry—those haters of all Reform, who at-
tempted to deceive the King, and had brought the
country to the very verge of ruin ?—of those who vilify,
traduce, insult, and attempt to despise Reformers.
who called them the mob, the rabble, and so forth ?
Yes, these insults are used and repeated, from the titled
pensioned pauper, down to the puny officials of the petty
rotten burghs.—(lmmense cheering.) But he would
treat with contempt such malice, and to those who used it
he would say, " 0 fools, can ye not discern the signs of
the times—can ye not perceive that the bold, active and
determined spirit of our forefathers has only been asleep,
and starts forth again with renewed vigour, to demand
those rights and privileges, so justly due, and so unjustly
withheld from us ?"—(Cheers.) Yes, the schoolmaster
had taught them what these rights were, and their own
hearts told them, bow they could be obtained. They
would demand them firmly, but temperately, peaceably,
and constitutionally. Their opponents should never have
the gratification to congratulate themselves on Reformers

committing any act of violence or disorder, er disgracing
the great name they bear.—(Cheers and cries of " Never.")
He was fully aware nothing could give their enemies
greater satisfaction than to find them doing so. But they
would not be too tame neither—( Hear, hear.)—they
would not submit to be oppressed and trampled on with-
out complaint, but would oppose aggression in the firmest
manner. Attempts had been made to frighten them—the
people had been threatened with military coercion, with
the bayonet and the sabre, but to such threats he would
answer in the words of the poet—
" Why let them advance. in all their horrid
Most tremendous forms, they'll meet in us with men
Who'll fight—bleed—die, ere wrong
Their country or their own renown."
(Tremendous applause.)
He would not intrude longer on the patience of the meet-
ing, but should have done with earnestly soliciting in name
of Reformers in general,—in name of the Committee pre-
sent—and in name of every individual who has taken an

active part in getting the meeting arranged, that every
one would return in the best and most peaceable order—
(Cries of " We will")—and that no uproar might occur
to damp the pleasure they had in seeing so many assem-
hled.—(Great applause.)
Mr. LEITH, Dean of Guild of Banff, rose—Approving
as he did of the motion brought forward by his friend, he
came forward with the utmost pleasure to second it. They
had been addressed by his friend with eloquence and
energy, and little was left for him to say on the resolution.
He stood before tbetn as a Reformer. He had been a
Reformer for forty years, and at a time when few would
avow it openly. He was proud to see so many thousands
round about him on the present occasion. They were as-
sembled under circumstances very different from what
was anticipated when the Committee first met to consider
the propriety of holding a public meeting. Their Sovereign
W 16 then in bad company ; he was in the hands of their
enemie+, nay, he was in the hands of the enemies of Re-
form.—(Cheers.) And had the Duke of Wellington
been able to form au Administration, their Reform would

The fourth resolution having been read,
JAMES CHRISTIE, Esq., appeared in its support. In
coming forward to move the resolution, he begged leave
in the first instance, to congratulate this great meeting on
the happy circumstances under which they were that day
met, compared with what would have been the case had
they held their meeting only a few days ago. At that
time a dark and gloomy cloud hung over them, they
were then in the iron grasp of the oppressor, and their
chains were just about to be rivetted on their necks for
ever; but now the iron fetters were broken, and the
country was free, and that day was a day of happiness and
rejoicing to them all.—(Cheers.) Let them therefore
unite together, and offer each other the right hand of fel-
lowship—for it was the united voice of the nation, and
the show of a determined front which had paralyzed the
enemies of their freedom and struck them dumb. Previ-
ous to that time they had had no share in framing the
laws by which they were governed—they had been framed
by a faction for its own benefit—they had been framed
only for the benefit of the rich, or to deprive the people
and labouring classes of their rights and privileges. A
series of encroachments for generations back had been
made on popular privileges, till they were now almost
totally swallowed up, and this great nation reduced to a
state of slavery and degradation. Let them consider the
spirit of the laws favouring, avenging, and protecting the
quarrels of the rich, and appropriating to their use the
earth, the air, and the waters, and debarring the poor by
penalties from all that in them is. It was much if in one
instance they breathed another spirit by affording to the
miserable the indulgence of a grave. Let them look
around them, and they would see notable examples
of this in every act that came from their Legisla-
tive hand. But if they considered matters nearer
home—if they turned their eyes to the South, thebeautiful
haugha and pleasure grounds which they behold there, as
far as the eye can reach, were once the property of their
community (Banff) ; and the gardens of a neighbouring
proprietor now flourish where once stood the streets of the
town, and the mouldering walls of some of its houses are
still to be seen near the middle of the garden ; nay, that
very cross of the burgh adorns the top of a dove-cot at
that moment within their view.—(Laughter and immense
cheering.) And all this bad been accomplished by the
rapacity of the people in power, and the want of a full acid
efficient representation of the people in the Commons
House of Parliament.—(Cheeers.) That body met solely
to legislate for themselves, to tax the community, and to
divide the spoil; that they might grind the earnings of the poor,
and live in luxury and ease on their hard-earned winnings,
or to enable them to trample their rights, and rule
them with a rod of iron. Let them consider their salaries,
their posts, and their pensions; and how had all that come
about ? Why, he would again repeat it, because the
people had no share in the representation.—(Applause.)
England, indeed, had always had a representation ; there
they had their hustings, and thousands convened for the
election of a single Member of Parliament ; but, in Scot-
land, the elective franchise, the inherent right of the
people, had been usurped by a faction, and the peaceable
work of election was totally unheard of by the public.—
(Hear, hear.) But that state of things was now, he
hoped at an end for ever, and Scotland would be yet re-
presented, the public voice would yet be heard. He deemed
it necessary to state that the country owed much to the
exertions of Francis Jeffrey, Esq., our Lord Advocate. lie
it was who framed the Reform Bill for Scotland, and bad
been a strenuous supporter of our popular rights, and
mainly contributed to free her from the grasp of burgh-
mongers. The victory was now the people's—it bad
been bloodless, and it would be complete. He concluded
by moving the resolution.
Mr. JAMES FRAZER, jun., rose.—_Unaccustomed as
he was to public speaking, he felt the utmost diffidence
in appearing before so large and intelligent assembly ;
trusting, however, to their indulgence he came for-
ward to second the resolution which his friend Mr.
Christie had submitted for their consideration ; and
I although it might appear unnecessary for him to sa)

Mr. S. Urns seconded the motion, which was then
put by the Chairman, and carried by acclamation.
The seventh resolution having been read—.
Mr. Jong Foramt, in coming forward to support the
resolution, felt himself rather peculiarly situated, orsin4
lo the gentleman who had undertaken to bring it before
them, having beet unavoidably called away front
the meeting ; and, consequently, he must look
to them for the greatest indulgence. He, however,
could not refrain from stating the great pleasure he
experienced at meeting so many of his fellow-Reformers,
and of congratulating them on the aspect which their cause
now bore. He had been trained up in the school of Re-
form, and bad naturally imbibed a hatred to public abuses
and their authors. He had ever been perfectly convineesl
that the hour of retribution would come sooner • or, later,
for it was impossible that the industrious and labourLig
classes of the community could for ever go on day after
day, and year after year, tamely submitting to be robbed
of the honest and fair fruits of their industry by the idle,
the indolent, and the rapacious. Often had he beard it
asserted by the enemies of Reform that they did enjoy the
fruits of their own labour, but be would again ask, as he
had done before, what had become of them?—(Hear,
hear)—for was it not admitted in every quarter that there
was no nation under the canopy of Heaven possessing half
the genius, the industry, or the enterprise of the British.
And ir, with all these combined advantages which had
brought to this country immense wealth and power, they
saw the labouring and industrious classes beggared and
ruined, while the drones of society alone are wallowing in
wealth and splendour, what must they conclude ? If they
demanded Reform of these abuses,—if they asked redress
and protection for this portion of the community,—the
only true pillars of the constitution,—(Cheers)—their
were told by their enemies that it was their wish to tear
down and destroy the fabric of the constitution. No !
He was well aware such was not their intention ; their
wish was to root out from the fabric of that constitution
those nests of greedy vermin which had so long been bur
rowing under the foundation and undermLting .
t.
(Cheers.) This Constitution was a glorious Cons:,Aution
such as it once was, and such as he trusted it would soon
he again. But while it was admitted by all parties to be
good, be could not help saying with a brother Scotchm in,
" De'il thank her to be a guid ane for she's been a deevilish
dear ane."—(Much cheering.) This was a day of great
triumph to them all, particularly to them who were old
Reformers, for he could well remember the time, it was
not far back, that to be associated with Reformers was to be
seld up to ridicule and reproach; but these times were now
changed ; almost all had become Reformers, many from
seeing the necessity of being so, but more from being com-
pelled by necessity. He concluded by moving the resolution.
JAMES CHRISTIE, Esq. rose—lt gave him much plea-
sure again to present himself before the meeting, to second
the resolution of his friend Mr. Frazer. The time lie
hoped was now fast approaching when the long looked for
Reform Bill for Scotland would be passed into a law, and
their political rights rendered equal, when it would give
the inhabitants of their good town particular pleasure to
form a bond of union with their neighbours—to maintain
their own and their country's weal—to unite with their
fellow-countrymen in hearing down the strongholds of
corruption—the degraded and despised system of borough-
mongering—and the whole enemies of their freedom
throughout the cation.—(Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried by acclamation.
Mr. Rienwonsost came forward to propose the thanks
of the meeting to a gentleman who had always been the
bold and uncompromising advocate of Reform—to a gen-
tleman, without whose aid and direction it would have
been impossible for them to have held that meeting. Ile
was sure every one present would heartily join him in
proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. John Cameron.—
(Three hearty cheers were then given for Mr. Cameron.)
Mr. J. WILSON, in seconding the motion, said they
were so much indebted to Mr. Cameron, that he was sure
they would heartily join him in three cheers more for that
gentleman, which were accordingly given with greatspirir.
PETER CAMERON, Esq. said, that before they separated
he had the honour to move the united thanks of that great
meeting of constitutional Reformers to their worthy Chair-
man, Mr. M'lntosh, a gentleman who had been unani-
mously elected Chairman of every meeting of the Banff
Reformers, from the time the Reform Bill was first moved
in the House of Commons by that distinguished patriot
Lord John Russell, till the present auspicious day, and
who had uniformly conducted himself in the chair with
the same unremitting zeal and perseverance for the success
of the Reform Bill, which must won become part of the
law of the land. They had therefore to regret that the
Chairman was about to remove with his family from
Banff to a distant part of the country, where, however,
they sincerely hoped that he and his family would long
live in the uninterrupted enjoyment of health, wealth, and
happiness.—(Great cheering.)
Captain JAMES REID came forward to address the
meeting. Gentlemen—he would rather say Ladies and
Gentlemen, for he observed a number of the fair sex pre-
sent, who he bad no doubt were all Reformers.—(Cheers.)
It afforded him great pleasure to come forward and second
the motion of his friend Mr. Cameron, for a vote of thanks
to their worthy Chairman, Mr. M'lntosh. In his infancy
he had been brought up among them—he had gone to
India and made a fortune—but notwithstanding his being
in a foreign clime, it had not divested him of that amor
patrice—that honest feeling of a Scotsman for his country.
He (the Chairman) was a Reformer—a stanch Reformer
—and he seconded the motion with all his heart, and had
no doubt it would meet the unanimous approbation of the
tneeting.—(Cheers.) He himself was a Reformer—a ver y
old Reformer—his head bad grown grey in the cause ;
bat old as he was, he would not hesitate to draw his
sword to promote the good cause, although he trusted in
God that alternative would never require co be resorted to.
—(Great applause.)
The meeting then gave three cheers for Mr. M'lntosb,
who returned thanks ; after which
J. A. CAMERON, Esq. said, that as he had entered so
fully into the subject at an early part of their proceedings,
it was not his intention to detain them a second time; but
it would be improper not to express his sincere thanks for
the honour done him. He could have done little of himself,
had it not been for the efficient support he had received
from the Reform Committee. The good ship Reform had
gone ashore upon the Peer-heads, but had got off without
damage, and was now on her passage, with flowing sheet
and favourable gale, and he had no doubt would soon make
the wished-for port. He did not think it would be necess
sary to call them again together until they should meet to
use the elective franchise. But should any unforeseen blast
of adversity arise, they might depend that the Reform
Committee would be at their posts, and would send for
them when necessary.—(Cheers, and cries of "Always
ready.") Should that necessity occur, lie would say to
their opponents—

" Come on, Macduft;
And damned be he who first cries Hold, enough."
The best of friends must part, otherwise they should have
had a little more fun at the expense of the boroughtnongers.
He bad already stated, that this meeting was called
with the intention of petitioning Parliament to refuse
further supplies. He again congratulated them that such
a step had become unnecessary.—(Cheers.)
In conclusion, he would only put it under their view,
that at the Reform meetings in Edinburgh, Dundee,
Aberdeen, and other places, there was not a single case in
the Police offices; thus chewing that their desire of Re-
form was above all other passions. By being calm, and
keeping those calm who might be disposed to break the
peace, they might rely on obtaining the Bill, the whole
Bill ; and it might be in due time, a bit more than toe
Bill.—(Cheers) But if they got drunk, and made a row,
the only bill they would get would be the doctor's bill.—
(Cheers.) The fleet was now under weigh, and he would
therefore bid them all a hearty good night.
The meeting then separated, prededed by Vie horsemen

And nutsic in the same order aa tttl, walked-to.tbegreund.
The %caul!' ReFoirpeta petcceding to the left, and along
the bridge, with mu►.ual cheering. The Reform Com-
mittee headed the procession till they saw their Chairman
borne, wisest they drew up before his house so as to allow
she trahea to convey their friends from the country a sham
4listance Irons the town. The people conducted themselves
with perfect propriety. Not a single case o: riot took
place, and by nine o'clock in the evening the streets were
as quiet as upon ordinary occasions, the number who took
part in the business of the meeting have ken estimated by
military men at 4000, exclusive of the I:oats' crews and
hystinders, who with the numerous spectators a‘sembled
on the heights around, added considerably to the numbers
and effect of the whole.
