FOR THE SUN.

Ma. EDITOR—The Resolutions lately de.
dared by the State of Georgia, as mentioned in.
your Paper, seem to imply, not only a deter-
mined opposition to the authority assumed and
acted upon by the general government of the
United States, lint also tint bringing to issue the
great question, how far the continuation of sla-
very is justifiable by the estimated intereqs of
any country, or adherence to long continued
habits ; for upon one or both of these grounds it
is to be presumed that the State of Georgia will
defend the step it has taken. Its administrators
will probably say too, that they have a grinner
power ; and consequently a better right of judg-
ing of the good or evil of keeping a part of their
fellow creatures in a state of slavery, from its
having so long been the practice among them,
than other nations can have, who can only judge
of it from the accounts o others, influenced too
as that judgment must be by the theoretical no-
tions they form of it. The- Georgians also jus-
tify themselves by the example of the Romans,
Greeks, &c., and perhaps they might do so by
still higher authorities, end they will probably
say, that the arguments for the abolition of slavery
are founded upon notions of improvement more
agreeable to theory, than to any thing that has
been or can be realised in practice. In this con-
test between the suggestions of humane and per-
haps enthusiastic theorists, and the habits and
experience, and perhaps interested prejudices
of the countries in which the-state of slavery
has long subsisted, the attempt at the aboli-
tion of it has been begun upon, and carried
to a length that induces us to look forward
to its total though gradual completion ; but how
fur that ultimate end can be accomplished, is,
perhaps become a question by the resistance now
made to it by the State of Georgia, in concur-
rence probably with the other Southern States
of North America. Posaly we may consither this
only a,s i 7 farther trial of the question, how far
theoretical views, founded in and sUpported by
humane and generous f::elings, are likely to pre-
vail over a custom originating in interest, and now
sanctioned by (the plea at least of) necessity,
as well as by the impossibility (as the defenders
of slavery will urge) of making that improvement
in the general condition of rnatiliinci, that will
render slavery as unjustifiable as it then. will be
impossible. If, however, its abolition and conti-
nued prevention is practicable, it is surely de-
sirable, as it carries with it the prospect of still
fort her improvement of the condition of (nail.
kind ; and widi this . expectation, we may in-
dulge the hope of seeing (if not ourselves, at
least our posterity) the resistance made by
Georgia, and other States which may follow her
example, only serve to delay, and finally to yield
to,,and add still more splendour to the triumph
of humanity, in the success of its attempts to me-
liorate the condition of those who are the par-
takers of its rights, and the objects of its regards.
1 ampyour's,•&c.
July 25, 182
HOMO.
