29,

-,........,,,.....2„.....
Ludes briefly as follows to last night's debate in the Corn.
mops:—" Hitherto, the Tory opposition, if they possess
any valid grounds for impeaching their political oppo-
nents, have taken great care to keep them to themselves.
One thing however is sufficiently obvious, that the Tories
are not in a condition to take the Government."

GREAT OPERATIVE ANTI-CORN
LAW MEETING AT MANCHESTER.

MANCHESTER, TUESDAY MORNING.
A great Anti-Corn-law meeting of the working people of
Manchester, was held here on Monday night. It was called
by the Operative Anti-Corn-law Association, and was held
in the Pavilion in which the great dinners were lately
given. The tables and scats had been removed, so that,
excepting the pillars, there was a clear space of 1,750
superficial square yards, which was filled, besides a great
number in the galleries, so that there could not be less
than from seven to eight thousand persons present. Mr.
Warren, the President of the Operative Anti-Corn-law
Association, was proposed as the chairman of the meeting,
by a working man named alines ; but an amendment,
which was moved by Joseph Linney, a Chartist, that Mr.
Edward Nightingale should be called to the chair, was
carried by a great majority.
Mr. NIGHTINGALE, on taking the chair, said ho did not
expect, when he entered that place, to have had the honour
of presiding over the meeting thrust upon bin. He would
rather have taken the nominee of the Anti-Corn-law
League. However, he would make to them the speech
which he had intended to make, supposing he should
have been in a d.fferent position. Whenever a public
question was to be mooted, he first of all inquired into the
character of the men who moved it. He would have them
to recollect Bethnal-green. He stood before them as
hearty in the cause of the repeal of the Corn-laws as any
man in that vast assembly, but he did not stand before
them as an idiot, who supposed that the repeal of the
Corn-laws was to be a panacea for all the evils with which
they were afflicted.
A man named FILLYAN, who we believe is a handloom
weaver, came forward to move the first resolution. He
said—Our worthy Chairman has told you that he is as
hearty in the repeal of the Corn-laws as any individual
who might come forward to speak on the subject, but that
be is determined that it shall not be a final measure to re-
lieve the sufferings of the labouring class. And I ton will
say, that if I were to come forward and say, as a working
man, that the repeal of the Corn-laws is a final measure of
reform, I should deserve all the opprobrium you can heap
upon me. I come forward to advocate the repeal of the
Corn-laws as a step towards getting that which is the in-
herent right of every individual to have who is a born
subject in this country. Ido not attend here to-night for
the purpose of asking the Aristocracy to pass a law to make
bread cheap. I only ask for a repeal of that law which
makes bread dear.—(Cheers.) I do not stand here to get
the Aristocracy to pass a law that will infringe on the pri-
vate property and vested rights of any individual, but I
ask for a repeal of that law which infringes upon my pri-
vate property and vested rights. The Aristocracy say thet
if you repeal the Corn-laws you infringe upon their vested
rights, but I ask every working man, has be no estate ?
Was not I born to a most noble estate, the industry of
these hands—(Loud cheers)—and I contend that any law
which prevents me exercising my industry is an inf.-incre-
ment of my private property. Consequently I stand here
to demand a repeal of the landlord's robbing law. But we
are told that if we get a repeal of the Corn-laws our
wages will be reduced.--(" So they will.") A
person here says, " So they will;" and I am
glad he does say so; but I should be glad to know on
what principle he advocates that. Very well, then, we
will admit that the repeal of the Corn-laws will actually
reduce your wages. Now, we must naturally infer from
this that the Corn-law has tended to raise your wages;
that is, the rise of provisions has tended to raise your
wages; and consequently that you ought to be getting a
great deal more wages now than in 1835. Well, then,
if you were getting, in 1835, 18s., you would then get as
much for 10s. sd. in a baker's shop as you would get now
for 18s. Admitting that argument, you ought, where
you were getting 18s. a week then, to be getting 303.10 d.
now—( Hear)—to enable you to purchase as much bread in
1840 as in 1835.—(Hear.) Your wages have, therefore,
since 1835, substantially dropped 7s.
sd. a week. So
much for the argument that a rise in the price of corn
will raise your wages. Have your wages, even nominally,
stayed at the same place in 1840 as they were in
1835 ?—(Cries of " No.") Not one of you can say
they have. How are the spinner and the hand-loom
weaver ? They ought to be getting three times as much
now as in 1835, but how stands the fact ? In 1835 the
weaver got for a particular kind of work ss. 6d. a cut, and
he could get 521bs. of bread for it ; but now he must weave
three cuts for the same quantity of bread. I think I have
now said sufficient to convince you that the Corn-law, as
it stands, does not raise your wages. I therefore beg leave
to move the following Address :
"To the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty.
" The humble address of your Majesty's loyal subjects
showeth—That the Corn-law, enacted by legislative land-
holders, has enormously-increased their rentals whilst it
has inflicted only misery and starvation on the industrious
classes of the community. That we cannot suppose your
Majesty to be aware of the real state of distress into which
the great mass of your industrious subjects are plunged,
more than one-third of the entire population of the United
Kingdom being unable to procure wheaten bread, or any
kind Of animal food, in support of their strength or the
main'ten-an& of their families.
" That three millions of your loyal subjects have no
voice in the present representative system,—a s) stem which
sacrifices the vital interests of the many to the selfish pur-
poses of the two aristocratic factions, by which the energies
of this great empire have been alternately misdirected.
T
tio ,each contending balanced
fo r
your strengthfa favour, rt,he givesse rival
tovfoauc;
r:
Majesty, at the present time, a greater power over the -des.
tinies of this country, than has been possessed by any of
hat the
Royal
your Majesty's predecessors for upwards of a century.
" That we implore your Majesty to exercise this power
in behalf of the hungry and the wretched, by calling to your
Councils those only wl:o will promptly and honestly apply
themselves to an immediate, total, and an unconditional re-
peal of the Corn and Provision-laws."
Mr. NEAL seconded the resolution.
The CHAIRMAN asked if any one had au. amendment to
propose.

country, in the most extended form. On these conditions,
the people bailed the measure as one that was to be pro-
ductive of universal good, and lent all their influence to
continue in place and power those who had promised to
carry out the principles ofprogressiee Reform, retrenchment
and economy,and in order tog va time forthe:accomplishment
of these great and important objects, they have borne their
burdens with a degree of patience unexampled in the his-
tory of a professedly free people. But now, notwith-
standing that we have enjoyed a quarter of a century of
peace—nottvithstanding that our skill, industry, and en-
terprize, have during this time extended our commerce to
every quarter of the globe, and vast improvements in
chemical and mechanical science have increased our
powers of production to nn almost indefinite extent, thereby
ereatiog a sufficient amount of wealth to afford to every
individual in the country the means of a comfortablesub-
sistence—notnithstanding all these advantages, we find
the great body of the people driven to the very verge of
ruin aid despair. This state of things can only be ac-
counted fur by the fact, that Parliament has failed to
secure the good results promised to the people,
at the passing of the Reform Bill. Still we are burdened
with sinecures and pensions, outraging the feelings of every
honest and industrious man ; a political State Church,
that by its extortions and intolerance, under the cloak of
religion brings the sublime and hallowed doctrines of
Christianity into disrepute ; a standing army as numerous
and expensive as if we were at war with all Europe; a
ponderous debt that presses most disastrously on the
financial interests of the country ; a new Poor-law brought
into existence whilst the cursed and abominable Corn-law
exists, by which the food of the people is restricted; at the
same time they are starving by thousands in the land of
their birth, and in the midst of all this we are told that the
reforms already effected are to be final, and that no
farther relief from our present state of political slavery
shall be afforded us by you. Already has this doctrine of
finality been productive of the most disastrous'effeets. A
spirit of disaffection has exhibited itself in different parts
of the empire, and the lives of -some of our fellow-subjects
have been sacrificed. We deeply deplore this; we are
as much opposed to violence as yourselves, or any other
body of men in her Majesty's dominions. We have never
joined in any effort that has been made to alter the present
state of things by force. We arc determined to seek for
and obtain our rights by all lawful and constitutional
means ; but we hesitate not to express our apprenension,
that unless such concessions be speedily made by you as shall
meet the wants,the wishes, and the iatelligence of the people,
the recent outbreaks are only the forerunners of an amount
of destruction, and loss of life that will be productive of
incalculable mischief to the best interests of the country,
and will leave a stain on the character of its legislation
that will not be easily obliterated. Again, we say, no man
can be more opposed to such a state of things than our-
selves, and none can be more desirous to see the difference
between the people and yourselves brought to a happy
issue, and all classes of her Ahjesty'a subjects united in
the bonds of love and friendship. But what are we to ex-
pect, when we see a nation angered and vexed by a con-
tinued denial of the redress of wrongs which common jus-
tice and common honesty alike demand ? You have been
petitioned by tia time after time, but you have turned a deaf
ear to our complaints, and have even scoffed at our prayer.
We have pictured to you our miserable condition, and have
courted inquiry into its causes, and we have been told that
we were " mad." We have offered evidence of our dis-
tress, and you treated us with contempt. We looked for
political power, you told us we were ignorant. We asked
for education—you denied us the boon. Now, we appeal
to you as men, as fathers. as husbands, as brothers, and if
there be a spark of Christian principle in your bosoms,
we appeal to that also. Would you submit to be thus
treated by men whom you laboured hard to support—
by men who derived princely incomes and enormous
salaries from your sweat and toil—by men whom you
placed in power to be guardians of your liberties and
to, do you justice ? We know you would not. Nor
will we. The common dictates of humanity, and the laws
of Heaven alike forbid it. Cease, then, to do evil, and
begin to do well. Abolish at once and for ever those infa-
mous laws which withhold bread from the poor, and send
the hungry empty away, which cramp the industry of the
country, and bring famine and desolation to millions of
what would otherwise be joyous hearths and happy homes.
Introduce at once a law by which the stain of political
slavery shall be wiped from the brow of every British sub-
ject, and give to every man who is called upon to obey the
law, a voice through the medium of his representative in
the making of that law. Thus you may restore tranquillity
end prosperity to our beloved, but distracted and injured
country. Thus you may gain the confidence of every wisp
and good man, and be the means of securing to us that
which we respectfully, but firmly, demand—our rights."
The Rev. J. SCItOLEFIELD, who came forward to second
the resolution, said this was one of the most happy meet.
ings he had ever attended. When he left home he had no
idea of the great events that would take place that night.
Happy he was that the differences between one class and
another were now merged, and that they were all come
together as one body.—(Cheers.) They were all upon
the broad basis, Radicals; the Whigs were now to a man
turned Radicals. He cordially joined them in their endea-
vours, and he hoped, as a man of peace, that this would
not be the last time that they should go together hand in
hand for the attainment of equal privileges and just laws.
The CHAIRMAN said he heartily concurred in every sen-
timent of the remonstrance. He then put it to the meet-
ing, and it was carried with loud cheers.
W. CITRRAN, a hand-loom weaver, then came forward io
move a resolution in behalf of Frost, and the others. con-
victed of high treason (which subject was also specified in
the notice, as being one of the objects of the meeting).
He said he would not say whether they had been
guilty or not, but he was certain that they bad
been driven to do what they had done by the distressed
state of their fellow-countrymen. Justice demanded that
life, at least, ought to be saved. He moved the adoption
of the following memorial to the Queen ;
" To the Queen's Most Excellent gajesty,
" The petition of the inhabitants of Manchester humbly
showeth that your petitioners deeply sympathise with the
families and friends of those unfortunate men who
are now lying under sentence of death at Monmouth,
and therefore pray your Majesty to be graciously pleased
to allow the recommendation of the jury to prevail with
you, and spare the lives of those men, and not allow the
blood of your Majesty's subjects to be shed at the eve of
your Majesty's nuptials, which should be a source of joy
throughout your Majesty's dominions."
Mr. GEO. CONDY, editor of the Manchester and Salford
Advertiser, presented himself to second the motion, but in
consequence of the weakness of his voice he was obliged
to retire, and the resolution was seconded in a
short speech by Mr. Abel Heywood, and supported by Mr.
R. J. Richardson. It was then put and carried unani-
mously, and on the motion of Mr. Heywood, seconded by
the Rev. Jas. Schulefield, it was resolved " that the Ad-
dress to her Majesty for the repeal of the Corn.law, &c.,
be seat to Lord Brougham, with a request that he will use
his privilege as a Peer, to present and read them to the
Queen.

The Chair was then taken by Mr. J. Richardson, and a
Vote of Thanks was passed to Mr. Nightingale for hisconduct
in the Chair. He suitably acknowledged the compliment,
and then declared the Meeting to be dissolved. A person
calling himself the Rev. W. V. Jackson, one of the most
violent in the late Chartist agitation, but who is now
scouted by a majority of even the Chartists themselves,
then presented himself; but from the noise made by the
people leaving the meeting, it was impossible to catch
even the purport of his observations.
The meeting separated peaceably, and in the best order,
about eleven o'clock.

-- - -
MARKET INTELLIGENCE.

LAST INDIA.—This afternotm, the grecers Were desirous
to purchase white description of Bengal by private con-
tract, and the late advanced rates were offered ; at auction
288 bags sold at. 65s Gd to SiGs for middling yellow, 63s to
65s for damps, and 61s 6d to 63a Gd for washed, being full
previous rates. Manilla is less in request; and 2,502
bags at public sale were all taken in. at 21s for good.
bro n, being its full value, excepting a few lots of ie-
feri, r, whicb'went at 20s Gd, and washed at 19s Gd to 20s.
FOREIGN.—Yellow Havannab wont Gd to Is under late
rates ; brown to good middling yellow sold at 225. to 24s
6d, fine yellow 26; 6d, and washed 21s to 23s 6d 'per cwt.
White fetched 35s for low middling quality. Pernams and
Paraiba maintained their previous currency; the former
was of the cld crop, and went at 21s to 24s for very s(ift,
ordinary and middling white, and brown 204 to 21s,
viz.,
of of the new crop, good mid strong to fine wt
fetch
re I
r 'ibis afternoon,
t3e.
,yr:lnel
001 1
owo
t240(32)
26cshd
ettsoot
s22bl2riso.
w66d,
teiaroncdsw,
oitir.dd
ianta
fed 27s to 3 s. damp and damaged .93s to 325, damp •
3
Traden .Tatea2Toiusnetroteh2ewlasinsper cwt. fruylltoprgicoptier,
indodtiempuacrth
of
tesliarset swheoewkn,
sttoillbut)h•eFdreee.
Tee
remand was
fisteady for actual consumption; the merchants
mainedrm, and previous rates were supported, with the
exception of small parcels for cash, which were disposad
of on rather easier terms. In Company's Congou there
was not much business doing ; parcels for cash were sod
at 2s 1 1 id, and 3s Id to 3s 2d with a two and three months'
prompt, but towards the close of the week therewas more
life in the market, and on Friday 4,403 chests Congou,
1,502 chests 687 chests Twankay, and 362 chests Ilvson
at public sale found ready buyers. Congou brought Id to
lid above the rates paid in the market in the early part of
the week, but mid ra str fetched 2s 11:1-d to 3s (aid, but mid re
str biksh If 3s Old to 3s Old, but mid re cos ra str 3s Old to 3s
Old, but mid biksh if ra str Id to 3s I ; Twaiikays went
id higher, but mid ra con fetched 3s oid to 3,, ld, but mid
ra str 3s laid, hut mid ra cos and str 3s lid to 3s 2d, but
mid brtsh If 3s 4d to 3s 44c1; Elyson, mid brtsh if sold
at 4s 7d to 4s 70, good mid os to 5s ()id, mice ra sir plsh
brtsh If 4s 9fd, which was 4i above market rates; pri-
vately there was a fair business doing at similar prices.
On the following day the demand was steady, and the ad-
vanced rates quoted above were fully maintained ; yester-
day there was increased desire evinced to purchase
Free Trade Tca, and for Congou and Twenkay there
was an active demand at the following rates, viz.
—the former at 2s 104 d to 2s Ild for money, and
2s 114 d to 3s with a prompt, and the latter at 3s for
cash, and 3s Id to 3' 2d with a prompt, in other kinds a '
fair business was transacted - in Company's Congou hug%
purchases were made, and prices rallied to 3s Old to
3s 0;l-d for parcels for money, and 3s Id to 34 21d
with a two and three months' prompt; severed of the prin. ,
cipal holders of Tea are not disposed to sell at pre_
sent, in consequence of :he active measures taken by Co,
vernment to blockade the port of Canton, several ships of
war having been ordered to proceed thereto. The inch+
chants have come to the determination that the me ly
Tea sales shall not take place until after the arrival o
overland mail, which may be looked for towards the cn iof
next wt ek : the sales will not take place until the 17011 of
February. The deliveries of Tca last week Were large.,
amounting to 480,00011e5.
To-day there was an active demand for Free Trade
Congou and Twankav, and the rates quoted above were
fully supported, at which several parties refused co sell.
In other kinds of Tea there was a fair business doing ;
Company's Congou was sought after, and 3s Old to 3s 2{d
paid for parcels for cash and with prompts.
COFFEE.—British Plantation of clean quality has been
much inquired for by the trade since we last wrote, and the
parcels disposed of by private contract have been at an
advance of 2s per cat, but buying has been restricted, .in
consequence of the limited quantity left in the hands of the
importers. For unclean kinds there hats been a fair
de-
mand, and prices have slightly improved.
This afternoon there was much inquiry for clean West
India Coffee, but the small supply prevented the execution
of large orders. For East India and Coffee from the
Cale, the advanced rates previously established were fully
supported ; good Java sells freely at 84s 6d. In Mocha
sales made at 126 s to 135 s for middling and good, and fine
up to 1503 per cwt. There was no public sale of any kind.
Foreign is held firmly, but there are few buyers of either
St. Domingo or Brazil.
i
DHaOnLdL, A N
slidl S
priceso r Jamaica
have
has Rul' BRANDYbeeI an activeA em
proved lid to 2d per gallon; 400 puns have been disposed
mere
further there m
of since we last wrote, 27 to 30 per cent over proof at
5s 6d to 5s Bd, 33 to 35 over As 9d to 6s, stronger and fa-
' vourite marks 6s Id to Gs Gd; Leewards have brought
prices ld to lid above those of this day week, and a br'd'
demand has prevailed; nearly 500 puns have been sold
proofs to 3 per cent. over proof at 3a 7d to 3s 9d, 6 to 12
over 3s 103 to 4s 2d, 15 to 18 over 4s 4d to 4s 6d, 20 to
25 over 4s 9d to 4,, 11d, 27 to 29 over As to .5s 2d, 30 to
33 overss 3d to 5s sd, 36 to 40 over 5s 6d to 5s 7d; a fair
proportion of the above has been taken by exporters, pritae
cipally for New South Wales. A Government. Qat:area-
for 80,000 gallons of Rum is declared for Thursday.
East India 10 per cent, over proof is held for
3s 9-d; to-day there were ready buyers of proof Leg-
wards at 3s 7d; but the few parcels unsold are
held for 3s 7id per gallon. Of Jamaica the sup-
ply has become small. Brandy has secured a fair sale ;
first brands of the vintage of 1836 at 5s Id to 5s 2d, ditto
of 1837 4s lld to As ld, ditto of 1838 4s 7d to 4s 91-per
gallon, and at these rates holders are firm, Geneva sells
slowly at 2s to 2s Id per gallon. The demand for lit:high.
Corn Spirits has been limited, and some coutracts have
been made at 9s 10d, but most of the distillers are nu.
willing to sell under 10s. per gallon, and even this price
is unremunerating. To-dly there was a brisk demand for
all kinds of Rum, at the advanced rate quoted above.
&mos.—This afternoon, Cassia Lignea good middling.,
to good in 1 lb bundles fetched 70s to. 75s 6d, 2 lbs, ordit
nary false packed 64s to 65s Gd ; Cloves sold cheaper, viz.,
at 84el to lid for ordinary to middling Bourbon Cassia
Buds went at 80s to 81s for good, and 62s to 653 for ordi-
nary quality ; Ginger fetched better prices, viz., 13s b.
178 for ordinary to good Malabar, and 15s to 16s for Bep.
gal ; Mace was sold at 2s 11d to 3i 3d for good third
Amboyna, ordinary mouldy 2s 6d to 2s 9d, bright Ben-
! coolen 4s lld to ss. Nutmegs, of good fair sound Os-
' lity, rather small Amboyna, were taker, in at 3s Bd,-very
ordinary 2s 3d, brown seconds and thirds fetched 3s 143
to 4s.
SALTPETRE.—This afternoon 2,109 bags Calcutta 44
public sale sold briskly, at prices fully equal to that of
last week; refraction 11 per cent. fetched 23s Gd,
..0
74 do 23s 6d to 245, 54 to 41 do 24s 61 to 25s per e
Tael.ow.—To-day there was only a limited business ISO-
ing in Petersburg Yellow Candle on the spot, or for Oinfi.
very in the spring months; but there are no sellers under
49s 6d for the former, and 49s 3d for the latter patrpose ;
the price asked for delivery in the last three months is 483
but at this figure there were few buyers. The stock of
Tallow is 6,200 casks larger than at this period last yeer.
Oiss.--Two parcels of Southern consisting of 300 Mini
and 120 tuns Palm Oil have been offered at auction; of
the former a part only found buyers at lower prices,, lesre
dark to fine pale quality selling at 22110 s to 2515 s pat
ton ; of the latter a small part was disposed of at 321 to
321 As per tun. Linseed Oil at 22; 3d. Rape at previous
rates. Sperm still commands high rates. Pale Seal and
Cod Oil at 301 to 31/ far the fernier, and 291 to 291 103
for the latter.

113.18}: NARK !el'
DUBLIN MARKET NO.I•E ending JAN",..24

•
1,032 Wheat,perbarrcl er 5t0ae.....1 17 9 37 0 31 • 7
hero — 0 —0
865 Barley
1,615 Oats strne....... .4 10 6 15 0 •
0 Flour, per cwt. 9 0
721 °anneal 8 stotte l4 o 6 0 14 10 '
Sold to Bakers only.
6,281 Cwt. flour .O 0 - f 0
Average price .4 Vt heasau.l out 65. .01 per sack
ir. Od
Receipts of Floor, 11,743) _A
0,„ 10 ,
Sal" °I. Ik'. its,on2
.... ..,iron I,k 9,1 to 144
riuck bro.:ran.
Quartern L0a1..... ...,!;d. i half
COB% NiAlttkreS.-. JAN '23
pet• 213:413s 'II. t 0361 od.l(Mts, 6 6 t. tr 14.4.141.
Barley (oor INt.) 7 0 04 1.1410-r 2i 1
Oatmeal (oercurt),..„.....„„xes.
Deer, 4d. to 7d.-51utten, to6rL.-IP:a.., 4,1 to
Pork, 4jd. to 5d..-Fresh Butte!. .00. ui 1 !A'.
PRIC GP Will
•

•
"J'r t P17111e:r ha.. t.f,.
First 3uaBly••• •••••••••••••••••. 41,• ••••••••••••• • •• ••
dooon
..... ow .... of • ••
Third
....... . 74
Fourth
..... - ........ ..
..... .. ...... I'o ...... . ... . „
Sixth :
.!.^...kf1.....e...C..7.1:5t1i
7
hia ......., •.. ... ...... 44
CLONAIEL J. At A tr FEI t... - .1 A N i)5.•
Per Cwt.
s. d. a. d.
.4. .. 4,
New Butter ..... ...bo oto 90 0 kl:des ;raw': ...„........ 0 to 'PS u
Oatmeal• 12 0 12 3 bacon 1-.,( ....... .....d4 f.' •.'
Bencit.:ect Lard 0 52 'J d 41J
eada ........,.......24 " ~ _
F Per 2.4.. lour, Second 0 44 .•I 1' :0ur,'1%..r, ig_....
~
.. ~ 0 ... ,-,
----Ilousehold V 42 0 I ---- irui u.s ~.:4:. t; ... ,
Per Bartol.
BRapNecd-.... .......... n— O I BarleY • ..... •”- ...... ft ,4 ° -
ere.... ..... •••••• $ 4 100 I C .1.411 ..... ••••••••••••• ...... ..... '
KII.KENNY tIA ttK EFS. W..eat.rr Larrel)3os. NA° :i7s. (Id, Led ' Aer ~- ... ... OIL E 9. tO.PS No
Bare ',o 0 2:2 U I ~kitz•fc• .„....... . ' ^ft
kilts
'Si ii 14 P, i Porn ................. ' 0 0
Flour (per bag) 'o,: 0 411 3 i '.4.•' ....... ... 0 0 Butter(perewt.) 90 0 9.: '' is rest 1317.7 Qt ~.. 11 U 1 0
Bacon Pigs ..... 33 0 3fS 0 1/4a.t 1)11.0, „....... 0 6 0 ;
Coals 1 U 1 2 1 otatool ,pes +Li .' :: S., 3

Baron Wenckheim, after a residence of SCViral
months in this country, left. Mivart's Hotel, Tuesday, for
Austria. The Baron, during his sojourn, has made some ex-
tensive purchases of horses.

THE ►SHERIFFS AND THE HOUSE OE COM.
moNs.—The following requisition was yesterday handetl about
Guildhall amongst the Members of the Corporation., and re.
ceived a great number of signatures:—" To the Right Hatt.
the Lord Mayor. We, the undersigned. Members of the Cott!
of Common ijouneil, request that your Lordship will be pigged
to call an early Court for the purpose of expressing to the
riffs
riffs the sense of the Court on the very peculiar and trying cir-
cumstance:: in which they have been placed, and of pieienSing
to them some token of the respect and veneration entertained
towards them fortheir recent upright and honourable conduct."

The will of the late Duke of Argyll was proved
on Monday, at Doctor's Commons, by Miss Campben, hi*
daughter, and sole executrix. The personal estate liablir*9
probate duty in England was small, being sworn under 4,0(10►z.
The principal part of his Grace's disposable.property comiLled
of personal estate, which was settled previously to his death an
Miss Campbell ; and of considerable arrears of rent, arising
from his Scotch estates, which will be liable to duty in that
country.

lie memorial from the inhabitants of Bath and
