LITER A isURt.

TURKEY AND THE 'FUR'', S.
Tyas, London, 1840.
There is little that
olume, and what little there is, is not of much
it e ; but there is a great deal that is common-
place ; and not seldom the ut)le is so lo9se
and slipshod, that we hare some difficulty in
making out the author's meaning. Here is
a sample of his manner, and judging of the
sack by the sample, the reader, we fear, will
be tempted to pronounce it wholly worthless :
"The Greeks have been blamed for then intriguing
lisposition, and they have also a character for being
dishonest and duplicious ; but among them, as
tmong all nations, there are good and had ; when
you meet a good Greek, he is rtally a sterlin,t good
ine,and lam inclined to believe that the slavery wider
hich they have been kept, has had much to do
in the formation of their present character." Ob-
serve the exceeding caution with which the author
here launches a common-place truism, old as the
hills. He is by no means psitive—no, he dare not
.;o that length ; he thinks it better to be on the sate
,ide of the question, so is onl " inclined to believe"
that four hundred years of abject slavery have had
a detrimental effect on the Greek character i He
leaves it to bolder spirits to state that the fat t
actually is so; he himself is content with mo-
destly intimating it, by way of hypothesis. Now,
this is not discretion, but a burlesque of that
useful quality. We pass without comment the sage
and brilliant remark, that " among the Greeks. as
among all nations, there are good and bad;" but how
came the author to mase use of the word " dupli-
cious," which is a mere coinage from his own
mint ? He had far better have said " deceit-
tut," for then he would at least have heen
intelligible. .1s an instance of his very indifferent
gramtnar, we quote the following sentence, which
from the loose way in which it is worded, would
furnish an amusing riddle for a Christmas
tire-side ;—" The Greek women have the cha-
racter of being excellent mimics, and from
the tew specimens I saw, I think fully entitled to
it." The only readable part of the volume is the
account of the late Sultan's reforms in Turkey,
but even here The author does little more than tread
the same ground that a host of other writers have
trod before him.
