HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Sir H. PARNELL moved the Order of the Day
for the Committal of the Holyhead Roads' Bill,
which accordingly went through a Committee. The
several clauses wete agreed to, the House resumed,
and the Report was ordered to be recorded to-
morrow.

Sir F. WILSON presented a petition from a
parish in Yorkshire, in favour of the additional
Churches' Bill.

Mr. A. DAWSON
presented a petition from
Londonderry, praying that Orange Associations
might be put down. Also a petition from the
butter bayers of Dundalk,, praying that all. inquiry
might be made into the laws relating to the butter
trade.
Mr. CHICHESTER presented a petition from
the landowners of certain baronies in Wexford, in
favour of the Constabulary Police.
Sir G. HILL presented a petition from the Mer-
chants, Traders, &c. of Londonderry, for a reduction
of the Duty on ( oak.
Mr. DAWSON supported the prayer of the pe-
tilion, as did also General GASCOYNE and Mr. J.
MRATTAN.
_ Colonel ARBTJTHNOT presented a petition
from the landowners, of Aberdeen,. praying. for an
AmendMent of the,ExchielLaws in Scotland.
After a few words from Mr. FERGUSON. arid Mr.

C. FYSCRE PALMER, the petition was ordered to be
printed.

Mr. SLANEY moved for several returns con-
nected with the Poor Rates.—Agreed to.
Mr. SLANEY also moved for several returns
connected with the Malt Trade..

Mr. CURTEIS presented a pttition from the
Landowners of Coltspur, praying for a continuance
of the Small Note circulation.

Sir J. SCARLETT presented a petition from the
Solicitors of London, complaining of the want of
accommodation in the Courts of Law at West-
minster. Sir James said that he could bear testi-
mony to the truth of the allegations in the petition.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL also bore testi-
momy to the want of ventilation and accommoda-
tion in those Courts. The petition was then ordered
to be printed.

Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from New-
port, Isle of Wight, praying that the Additional
Churches' Bill may not pass into a law.
Mr. W. SMITH also presented a petition from
Harleston, Norfolk, praying for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. FYLER presented a petition front the Ope-
rative Ribon Weavers engaged in the Silk Trade
at Coventry for protection. The Hon. Member
said, the petitioners objected to the law being kept
in its present state, because it was a state of suspense
which deprived the mrnufacturers of confidence and
security. Free trade had caused an increase of labour
but it had also caused a reduction of wages, and al-
though there was an artificial stimulus given to trade,
it was greatly depressed.
Mr. Secretary PEEL presented copies, by com-
mand of his Majesty, of the Correspondence between
the Commissioners at Sierra Leone and Rio Janeiro,
relative to the Abolition of the Slave. Trade.—Or-
dered to be printed.

Mr. JOHN WOOD presented a petition from
the Protestant Dissenters of Finsbury Chapel, Moor-
fields, against the Additional Churches Bill. He
trusted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would
that night state to the House his resolution riot to
press this Bill during the present Session.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAM presented a pe-
tition from the Kid Glove Manufacturers of London,
complaining of the importation of French Gloves;
and praying for a duty on Foreign Gloves.
Mr. MUNDAY presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Castle Dorrington, in the county of
Chester, praying for the abolition of Negro Slavery.
Mr. R. GORDON brought up the report of the
Select Committee on Smithfield Market. It stated
that the Committee were of opinion that there ought
to be a Bill brought into Parliament empowering
the Corporation to prevent carts and waggons front
passing through the Market during certain hours
on Mondays and Fridays.
Sir R. GORDON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, bring in a Bill, founded upon the recom-
mendation of the Committee.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition front the
Clergy of Ely, praying for the Abolition of Negro
Slavery, and also similar petitions from Cheltenham,
Uxbridge, Gravesend, and seventeen other places.
Mr. O'NEIL presented a petition from the Kelp
Manufacturers of the county of Galway, praying for
a duty upon the importation of Foreign Kelp. He
also gave notice of a motion for the 15th June,
founded upon the prayer of the petition.
Mr. BERNAL presented a petition from Ro-
chester praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
