WESTMORELAND.-NOMINATION.

APPLEBY, JAN. 14.—The nomination of the candidates
for the representation of the county of Westmoreland took
place this day in the Shire-hall, in this town. It being
previously understood that no opposition was to be offered
on the present occasion to the two sons of the Earl of
Lonsdale, the proceedings excited very little interest.
Some two score tenants of the house of Lowther, a few
Tory parsons and magistrates, and a host of paidagents,
formed nearly the total of the auditory. Lord Viscount
Lowther, the newly-appointed Vice-President of the Board
of Trade, was proposed by a gentleman of the name of
Hasell, who was represented by the Times, a few years
ago, as a tax-collector, going about with an ink-bottle
dangling at his button-hole. The nomination was seconded
by a fox-hunting 'Squire, named Parkins, who said little.
Colonel Lowther was re-ushered to the notice of the select
assembled by a brace of Aldermen, belonging to the rotten
corporation of Appleby ; one of whom, of the name of
Hill, had the good taste and modesty to insinuate that the
Houses of Parliament v, ere burnt by the Whig Ministry.
Lord and Colonel LOWTHER having been declared duly
elected, the Noble Viscount stood forward to express his
gratitude for the distinction conferred upon him. His ad-
dress was an indistinct and ineloquent repetition of the
sophisms of Sir Robert Peel's Tamworth manifesto. He
felt great pleasure at discovering that the Reform Bill
had not worked the perpetual exclusion of his party from
office, which was his chief fear at the time it became the
law of the land. He was not for yielding to popular cla-
mour ; and would rather part with his life than submit to
the Church being robbed of its rights, or consent to its
separation from the State. Neither would he yield to the
admission of Dissenters into the Universities. In short,
Lord Viscount Lowther is. now, under Sir Robert Peel,
exactly what he was, five years ago, under the Duke of
Wellington. The Colonel having " said his say," he and
his noble brother stepped into a couple of chairs, and were
borne about the town, attended by a few of their tenants,
and the little boys of the place. Not the least heartiness
or enthusiasm was manifested, and all agreed in pronouncing
it the dullest election that ever took place at Appleby.

CHESHIRE (SOUTH).—NOMINATION.
The nomination and election took place on Thursday at
Knutsford, and as only the old members were in the field
as candidates, the proceedings passed off with perfect
quietude.
R. LEYCESTER, Esq., proposed E. J. Stanley, Esq., one
of the late members, and Under-Secretary of State in the
Melbourne Ministry, as a fit representative.
CHARLES HINDLEY, Esq., M.P. for Ashton, seconded
the n omination.
Sir RICHARD BROOKE, Bart., proposed Tatton Egerton,
Esq.- He was a Conservative and a stanch upholder of the
Church and State, and moreover, was strongly attached to
the present Ministry.—(Cheers.)
GLEGG, Esq., having seconded the nomination,
E. J. STANLEY, Esq., said that, though he had not
blindly followed them, he gloried in having supported a
Ministry whose character f.tood recorded in the never-dying
pages of history, as the author; of the Reform Act—as the
men who carried into effect that f:reat object for which
they had so long laboured, the abolition d slavery through-
out all the dominions of Great Britain—(Ciicers.) That
Minidry had been, dismissed L • that Parliament invf.l been
dissolved. And why?? It—WOUTd difltetilt to-
swer the question ; but he abstained from all comment at
present. He waited for future explanation, and for a full
investigation and examination before the public of the trim-
aactions to which he alluded. But this he could say, that
however indisposed he was, at any time, to offer anything
like a factious opposition to any Administration which his
Majesty, in the exercise of his undoubted prerogative
might summon to his councils, yet, he would not give his
confidence to those Ministers ; for, in the words of Lord
Stanley, he had no public grounds of confidence that they
intended to carry into effect the professions they had
made. Would the men who denounced Corporation
eform as a robbery, now restore to the people of England
tbeir ancient right of electing their own magistrates, and
curtailing their expenditure ? Would they, whose Chief
Baron declared the Commission to be an illegal one, now
recognise an illegal. Cemmission, and act upon an illegal
report (Cheers.) Would the men who denied that
even the inferior arrangements of the Church required
any amendment, and that if any were required, ii ought
to be left to the bishops and clergy themselves to do it—
Would they now carry a reform at once efficient and ade-
quate for the wants of the people, and the true interests of
religion ? Would the men who encouraged William of
Helfand in his obstinate refusal to recognise the independ-
ence of the people of Belgium, up to this moment to
throw every obstacle in the way of a settlement of that
question, would they now honestly seek to adjust it, and
to secure the rights of the People ? Would the men who
shad advised and sanctioned, and even sent into Spain the
ilnfant Carlos, and who had denounced the Queen as an
usurper and a rebel, now support that Queen, and say to
Carlos. you are the rebel—she is in the right ?—(Hear.)
_Would they—the correspondence of whose chief with
Miguel was in every man's hand, who had advised
him to abstain from this, or to do that—now de-
nounce the tyrant ? Or would the Wellingtons or the
Beresfords tell him—this we said when out of office,—now
we are in ? Did they, in short, believe that the whole
course of these men's conduct would be diametrically op-
posed to every act of their lives ? If they did, they had the
words of Sir Robert Peel himself—a man of honour, as he
believed him to be—who had declared that he would not
accept office on the condition of abandonine• his principles,
and nullifying all his former acts. By their former acts,
Wen, let them be judged. If, indee3, they were Re-
-formers, why had they dissolved the Parliament—why did
they not at least try it ? It had given no offence. Why
not, then, at least propose their measures to it, and leave
the' country to judge from them whether or not they were
sincere Reformers? But no. They waited to see what
the electors would do. They waited, in order that they
Might cut their cloth, and frame their measures according to
the pattern whicli the electors sent up to them. The
electors were cuttioE their pattern to a very pretty
shape, and they might clopend upon it that they would
have the measures which they desired, and which
the state of the country demanded.—(Loud cheers.)
Thanks to the Reform Bill, it hail at least given the
electors the power of expressing their own opinions ; and
they never need now to return any individual :merely to
serve an oligarchical aristocracy, in opposition to their own
interests and wishes.—(Cheers.) But for a moment he
would believe professions made not so much by them-
selyes as by their organs. They were told that this would
be a reforming Ministry, that they would, in fact, be more
of Reformers, than their predecessors ; and that organ of
their's which had disgraced the character of the public press
in England, and whose delinquencies he regretted to see,
because' holding the press to be the palladium of our liber-
ties, he believed that such conduct as had recently been ex-
hibited by the Times, tended to diminish its usefulness, by
curtailing its power ; and which he regretted the more, be-
cause it was fearful to see so much talent and ability de-
graded, and such powers prostituted : they had been told
by this paper—which professed to have it from undoubted
authority—that the new Ministers intended to propose a
- measure of Church Reform for Ireland more extensive and
efficient than the late vacillating Whig Ministers intended
to bring forivard.—( Hear, hear.) Did the freeholders be-
lieve this ?—(°, No," and " Yes.") If they did, he begged
therntto remember, for one moment, what must have been
the character of that Opposition—what the profligacy of
those impediments which the new Ministers gave to the
proposals of their predecessors.—( Hear.) He begged
them to consider whether there was no danger in these ex-
hibitions of weakness : was it nothing that the impotence
of Government, in conceding measures to the demands
of force which they had refused upon the appeal of jus-
tice, should be thus shown to the country ?—(Cheers.)
It was the same abandonme3t of all principle—the same
readiness to give up every op,':; on they had professed
conscientiously to hold, which was ex;iLhited by the Duke
of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel in the zase of Ca-
tholic Emanciaation—(Hear, hear)—and which eine.:7ted
at leaz,t, une .end that entitled them to his thanks—the
hreatrilliOntilk the Tory party, who were disgusted that
the very Minister, who in-September came down to Man-
chester, and there- received the 'worship and adoration of
ticrako.;,,4§ the champion of Orange and Protestant
aseeadancy, should in the ensuing February bring forward
