" The Doctrinaire centre have lost 28, and gained 3."

He was on the 30th at Onda. There was great misery in
Valencia.
" Baron de Meer was on the 4th at Barcelona, which is
tranquil.
" BAYONNE, Nov. 9.—The present Cortes were closed
on the 4th. The new Cortes will assemble on the 19th.
_ .

" Oraa arrived at Teruel on the 4th, and Cabrera en-
tered Caspe on the sth."

The ad-vices received from the north of Spain repre-
sent the affairs of Don CARLos in the most gloomy
light. The Navarrese pursue the Carlist officers with
clamours, demanding the restoration of the gallant bands
that joined the Pretender at the commencement of the
campaign. To quiet the populace reports are spread
that all the missing are in Castile ; but the notorious
falsehood of such assertions only increases the irrita-
tion of the Supreme Junta, which begins to manifest
an unwillingness to sanction the promulgation of de-
, crecs obviously intended to dupe the people. The
Navarrese have declared that they will not again cross
the Ebro ; and that they consider themselves bound to
support Don CARLOS as the protector of their fueros—
not as King of the provinces south of that river.
This declaration has filled the Pretender with rage and
despair. The following extracts are from the Papers :
" Advices from Bona;of the Ist inst., state that the two
Princes (Nemours and Joinville) were expected there every
day. General Trezel and Colonel Tournemeine had arrived
with a convoy of wounded under a large escort. The road
was perfectly free ; parties of 25 or 30 soldiers safely travel
between Bona and Constantine. No new case of cholera
had occurred for some days in the former city, but there
ere still 900 sick in the hospitals."

By the arrival of the Braganza steamer at Falmouth
on Sunday evening, from the Tagus, we have received
advices from Lisdon of the Bth, and Oporto of the
9th inst. The QUEEN had not succeeded in the re-
construction of a Cabinet. Viscount DAc ANTAS
had been applied to by Baron BOAIFIM, but the con-
queror of the Chartists refused to exchange the actual
command of the army for the War Department. Vis-
count SA DA BANDEIRA made an offer of the same
department to CXSAR VA SCONCELLOS, but that gen-
tleman refused to have anything to do with it, unless
funds were immediately placed at his disposal for pay-
ing off the arrears due to the army. As this could
not be done, the negotiation ended. It was, however,
expected that the Ministerial list, when completed,
would run thus : _ _

Viscount Sa Da Bandcira—President of the Council
and Foreign Affairs.
Baron Bomfim, or Viscount Reguendo—War.
Baron Bomfied—Navy.
Gomez da Sa Sanchez—Grace and Justice.
J. Oliveira—lnterior—J. A. de Campos—Finance.
In the districts of Guardo and Castello Branco, the
Miguelites have recently committed so many out-
rages, that the Cortes have been applied to for
authorizing the proclamation of martial law in all the
towns where the rebels are supposed to have partizans.
At Cavilhao the insurgents attacked a division of
cavalry, of whom they took 27 prisoners, together with
161 of the National Guard. The latter contrived to
make their escape the next day. At Fundao the
Miguelites were attacked in theit turn, and sustained
a severe defeat. Twenty-seven of them were killed,
and one hundred and fifty-three, who were made pri-
soners, were shot a few hours after the engagement.
We have no account of the present state of public
opinion in the capital. The KING and QUEEN ap-
pear reconciled with the course those events are tak-
ing, of which they so vainly and so dangerously
struggled for the direction. Of commercial news all
that is interesting in these advises will be found in
the following correspondence from Lisbon, which ap-
pears in a second edition of a Morning Contempo-
rary :

" A decree of the Cartes, imposing additional duties to
those established in the respective custom-house tariffs,
upon the following articles of foreign produce for one year,
‘•.hiell is to come into operation on the first of January
next, has received the Royal Assent, viz. :
« Rice, per arrobe (of 321 b . )
White sugar, ditto
Brown ditto, ditto
Dry Cod Fish, ditto
• Cocoa, ditto
Coffee, ditto
Cocoa-nut oil, ditto
Train oil, per almude (of 43 gallons old mea-
sure)
Castor oil, per arrobe (of 321 b.) l4O
Copaiva, ditto 4OO
Linseed, ditto 2OO
as also another establishing certain assessed taxes, in part
revising those which were adopted in the year 1801 upon
horses, servants (not husbandmen), and 4 per cent. upon
the rent of all houses, to be paid by the tenant, which
exceed 30,000 reis per annum in the cities of Lisbon and
Oporto, 15,000 reis in villages which contain 400 houses
and upwards, and 10,000 reis in all other parts of the
kingdom. Dry cod fish having previously paid 800 reis,
equal to 4s. sterling per quintal (of 1281 b.) ; the additional
duty of 100 per cent. now imposed by the preceding de-
cree, making together rather more than one-half of the
average of its selling price in this market, amount to a pro-
hibitory duty of this article from Newfoundland. A pro-
position has been laid on the table of the Cortes for a new
stamp duty, which was carried, and which measure it is
supposed will considerably increase the revenue, principally
bearing upon commercial papers and documents, such as
bills of exchange, charter party, bills of lading &c., even
to the stamping of each sheet of counting house ledgers
and journals. Her Majesty the Queen has been pleased,
through the representation of Admiral Napier, to grant to
the two sisters of Captain Goble, who was killed in the
battle off Cape St. Vincent, on the sth of ,July, 1833, an
annual pension of 451. sterling each, to commence from that
date, and also one to the widow of Captain Frederick
George Macdonough, who fell in the same action, the sum
of 90/. per annum."

BrUssels. and German Papers of the latest dates
have been received. Their contents are of no political
interest. The Belgian Chambers are engaged with
the Tariff question ; and the German Courts with
speculations on the military achievements of the French
in Africa.

rELGIAN 1 UNDS-15nussus, Nov. 11.
Actual Debt, 2!i per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. lO2
Loan of Thirty Millions ll2qi
Loan of ('itv, 1832, 4 per Cent lOll%
Society of Commerce, 4 ~,,per Cent l4lv,
Rank of Belgium, 5 per Cent l42k
National Society
—Brussels Papers, Nov. 11.

We have seen with satisfaction the 'Working Men's
Association in this country, and we are satisfied that
until the people bestir themselves, and convince the
governors of the land that they know their rights, and
are determined to have them, they will obtain little of
reform or improvement. The grown up population
become often averse to those exertions which are abso-
lutely necessary to shake off the burdens from their
shoulders ; and it is gratifying to us when we see the
young, active, and sanguine in their hopes, take a part
in the politics of the State. Every meeting held by
the people must be productive of good, as the igno-
rant are instructed by the wiser part of those present,
and the real interests of the multitude are often by
these means brought before the meeting, and good re-
solves made thereon.

The state of the Canadas at this time, suffering
under the delegated oppression of the Colonial-office in
Downing-street, is a disgrace to a Reform Ministry,
and a reproach to the people of Great Britain, who
seem altogether indifferent to the maintenance of the
constitutional rights of the people of those Provinces.
The conduct of the late Parliament, in agreeing to the
revolutionary resolutions of Lord J. RUSSELL against
Lower Canada, has not been equalled of late years,
except by the Coercion Bill of Earl GREY against Ire-
land. We are, therefore, pleased to see that the young
and active—the thewes and sinews—of Upper Canada,
sympathize with their oppressed brethren of Lower
Canada, and boldly declare their own grievances.
At a meeting of the " Young Men's Political Asso-
ciation in the County of Prescott, in Upper Canada,"
on the 16th of September last, the following resolu-
tions were unanimously agreed to. The language is
sufficiently plain to mark their detestation of the tyran-

From Spain the news received to-clay, is not of a
later date than the accounts communicated yesterday.
We copy, from the official columns of the Moniteur,
a series of telegraphic despatches, of which the sub-
stance was given in yesterday's Sun :
" BAYONNE, Nov. 7.—Espartero has appointed Alaix
Viceroy of Navarre, and by his order Ulibarri has marched
towards Larraga with his division.
" Brigadier Leon has been appointed to the command
of the Ribera garrison, which will consist of 800 cavalry,
with artillery and infantry. All the measures are adopted
to re-establish matters in Navarre as they were before the
departure of the troops.
;.eDN,
coAar
tr
Be Carlos
fouNl lr
iyE dissembling
N s
ov
. 8 .officially_
its
o causes.rannouncedaa,in his return to Na-
y a r,
returning from Va-
lencia on the 25th, sustained a check in the defiles near
Chers. He was on the 29th at Xeriea.
" Cabrera, after his success, drew nearer to Valencia.

'HE SUN, LONDON, TUESL)AY, NOVEMBER 14, 1837.

nical conduct of Earl GOSFORD in Lower Canada,
and the no less oppressive sway of Sir FRANCIS

HEAD in Upper Canada.
But the Resolutions will speak for themselves :

THE YOUNG MEN'S POLITICAL ASSOCIATION OF VAN-

'LEEK'S HILL, COUNTY OF PRESCOTT, UPPER CANADA,
MET ON THE 16TH OF SEPTEMBER, 1837, WHEN
THE FOLLOWING RESOLUTIONS WERE UNANIMOUSLY
ADOPTED :
Resolved, I.—That next to our humble devotion to the
great Author of our being, and the innate love we bear to
our common country, is our respect and veneration for the
Hon. L. J. Papineau, and the majority of the House of
Assembly of Lower Canada, who, with a constancy and
ability in any age or clime never surpassed, amidst perils
the most appalling, and persecutions the most cruel and
revolting, with Roman firmness sustained, inviolate, the
sacred cause of their oppressed and insulted country, against
the hostile and adverse power that threatened the annihila-
tion of the liberties of the people ; and that their late ad-
dress on the state of the Province is a production masterly
in its style and composition, and replete with those manly
sentiments which none breathe save those embued with an
ardent love of country, conscious in the rectitude of their
intentions, and strong in the justice of the cause they so
patriotically defend.
2. That the great majority of the people of Lower Ca-
nada, who thus far have supported their representatives
both in and out of the House, and at their elections, beheld
their innocent fellow-citizens wantonly massacred by an
armed force, urged on by corrupt, implacable, and unre-
lenting officials, responsible to no power save that of a
corrupt and usurping Government, withstood the shock
with a courage and fortitude worthy of men struggling to
be free ; they are justly entitled to the sympathy of sur-
rounding nations, and of the sister colonies in particular ;
and our admiration and praise, humble as it may be, is
kindly and gratefully tendered to them, in the anxious hope
that they will continue firm and immoveable until they at-
tain their end and aim, the security of their rights and
liberties, established on the broad and solid basis of elective
institutions.

3. That it is with the liveliest satisfaction we have be.

held that the principles of government, and the series of
resolutions adopted by this association on the 29th of July
last, have received the countenance of the liberal presses,
and the approbation of many distinguished individuals in
the country ; and we are particularly gratified to learn that
the young gentlemen of Montreal hastened with becoming
zeal to form themselves into a similar association, and have,
with a spirit of liberality which characterizes youth as well
as age, paid us a compliment we had not flattered ourselves
that our humble production would merit, and we assure the
young men of Lower, as well as Upper Canada, that to
whatever extent our talents and abilities may be surpassed,
we, nevertheless, feel confident that our sincerity and zeal
(based as they are on the love we bear to the land of our birth)
will remain unrivalled, and we conscientiously believe that
in the hour of trouble (which may the wisdom of man avert)
it will be to the youth, as well as the sage, that the acts
which define a tyrant will hereafter cease to contaminate
our soil. _ _

4. That Lord Gosford, in issuing his celebrated procla-
mations, with a view to prevent the people of Lower Ca-
nada from assembling in a peaceable manner to discuss the
public affairs of the province, made a wanton and foul
attempt to abridge their constitutional rights, and we must
say, that the proclamations justly merited the contempt
they received, nor can we refrain from denouncing his
Lordship's conduct in questioning the Officers of Militia,
Magistrates, and Commissioners on account of their poli-
tical opinions, and then unceremoniously dismissing them
from office ; and that the proclamation-law, coupled with
the late dismissals, arc acts so.odious and despotic, that they
may be justly considered as worthy of the heart that con-
trived and the hand that executed them.
5. That we arc at a loss for language sufficiently strong
whereby to express the satisfaction-we feel, that all, indis-
criminately, from the Colonel to the Subaltern, and from
the Magistrate to the Commissioner, repelled the insult
offered them by the head of the Executive, by plainly tell-
ing him that " when vice. prevails and imperious men bear
away, the post of honour :s a private station," and that they
valued more their rights as citizens than commissions and
slavery.
6. That although we have formerly expressed our utter
detestation and abhorrence of the me asures of the British
Ministers and Parliament towards Lower Canada, we feel
ourselves again called upon to expreas our deep-rooted in-
dignation, as well as the just cause we have to feel alarmed
at the declaration of Ministers, and the vote of Parliament,
to pay the modest sum of upwards of 142,000/., firstly, out
of the English 'Crean:, y, to distribute in Lower Canada
among the howling officials in discharge of arrearages of
salaries, (long and constitutionally withheld by the repre-
sentatives of the people), thereby pledging the Ministers,
the Parliament, and the people of England to become in-
terested in our oppression, an act of tyranny so daring, that
no colonist, unless he be an enemy to his country, would
quietly submit to it.
7. That we highly applaud, and unequivocally approve
of the resolutions and declaration of the Reformers of To-
ronto of the 31st of July last, to their brother Reformers
throughout the Province, and we do, therefore, in the fullest
sense, adopt the same ; and we cannot too highly praise
the spirited and able manner in which the Reformers of the
Home District have followed up the resolutions, and adopted
the declaration of their brethren of Toronto, an eaample
that the inhabitants of every section of this Province are,
in duty bound, as they value their rights and future happi-
ness, to imitate ; and we humbly conceive that it would
cast this liberal and patriotic county in the shade, should
the inhabitants thereof neglect to follow so glorious an ex-
ample. We are therefore of opinion, that the friends of
good, cheap, and responsible government, just legislation,
and civil and religious liberty, should, in due time, assemble
together at some convenient place in the county, for the
same purpose as the Reformers of the Home District have
already done. •
8. That it is with grief and concern we have seen the
accounts of the gross violence and wanton cruelty practised
by bands of armed ruffians (led on by a herd of mercenary
and merciless officials in the interest of the Executive) to-
wards the peaceable Reformers assembled at Albion,
Churchville, and other places in the Home District, for
the laudable purpose of discussing, in a constitutional
manner, the affairs of this impoverished and degraded
colony ; and we applaud the determination of the Reformers
to prepare themselves at all future meetings with the means
of self-defence.
9. That the sympathy of the working men's association
of London, as formerly manifested by their spirited resolu-
tions against the atrocious measures of Lord John Russell
and Co. towards Lower Canada, and in their late manly
address to the people of Canada, places us, and all the
people of these colonies, under the most solemn obligation
to the working men of England ; and we cheerfully respond
thereto—and in sympathising with them, we sincerely regret
that many of the working men in the United Kingdom are
so grievously oppressed by the same aristocracy that are
preparing chains for us, that they dare not speak their
honest sentiments in behalf of their oppressed fellow sub-
jects in this remote part of the empire.
10. That the conduct of Sir F. B. Head, since his ar-
rival among us, in administering the government of this
province has been of the most deceptive, unjust, and arbi-
trary character, and that his conduct in regard to the Bill
granting the sum of 50,0001. for the improvement of the
Roads and Bridges in the several Districts, has been, from
first to last (since it came under his nod), most . . . .
in as much as, at the eleventh hour of the second year he
turns the people off, bankrupt fashion, with the miserable
pittance of five shillings in the pound, of their own money
too ; all which coupled with his other prevaricating acts, has
rendered his administration the most withering and con-
temptible of any that have heretofore been inflicted on this
unfortunate, degraded and oppressed province. And this
same Sir P. B. Head (if he had a head) would now see that
his parish of Upper Canada is not a sleeping volcano
(Dead Beaten)," and that the domain is as extensively
mortgaged, and its income as seriously incumbered as is
that of many an English Commoner," and that his admi-
nistration is any thin., but palatable to the paupers that in-
habit it ; and he would also perceive that his departure from
the parish would relieve the hearts and dry up the tears of
the paupers who would then rejoice as did their brethren
of Kent on his exit from thence.
11. That the above resolutions be published in the
Montreal Vindicator and the Constitution newspaper of
Toronto.

W. R. WILLIS, President.
J. VANKLEECK, Secretary.

SUN-OFFICE, Half-past Three o' Clock.

Our Express from Stockport has not yet arrrived,
but is momentarily expected. The Speech of Mr.
O'CONNELL, with the account of the Dinner, will be
published in a Second Edition.

The young person who was so dreadfully burnt at
Lakenham last week, and the two men who suffered in their
humane and successful efforts to extinguish the flames are
all, we are happy to say, in a state of recovery.—Norfolk
Chronicle.
Last night a numerous meeting of the inhabitants of
the borough of Finsbury was held at the Crown public-
house, Clerkenwell-green, for the purpose of petitioning
Parliament for an act instituting a local Court of Requests
for the recovery of debts not exceeding 10/.
LEAD.—A correspondent who has visited the diffe-
rent mining districts in Derbyshire, last week, reports that
the trade in lead is as prosperous as it has been known to
be for a number of years. The demand was steady and
he price remunerating, being about 19/. per fotber,
