this division, the salutary hand of Congress freed our country
from all the dangers of dissolution or civil war. We now shall see
the different'Btates prOceedhiglike the planets in their respective
orbits. The:Congress and the Supreme Power are the centre of
this regular-and or :Icily movement, and the whole is subjected
to Its invariable laws. You have done nothing that is not con,
formable to our advances in civilization. The Mexican people
knew that the object of every. society ought to be the happiness
and well-being of the social body, and yon have established
individual guarantees, and secured its rights. The Mexican
people knew, that without • religion and morality there neither
IA nor .can he order, tranquillity, peace, *independence, or
liberty; and you have consecrated various articles of this va-
lnable code to the conservation and stability of, theseimpertant
objects. You secure the liberty of thought and of the prosS,
and UP thii -measure you hate raised the Mexiean -nation to the
sphere of those two great people who now fill .the earth with
their renown. Finally, you have opened a gate to all prospe,
rit y,. by fixing the lot of this great people, which had been va.
cillating rot several years. 111 exicans l behold here the code. of
your rights. Do you desire liberty and independence, :observe
religiously this code." Here the acclamations of the galleries
were repeated, and the sitting terminated.

DESCRIPTION OF THE CEREMONIAL OBSERVED IN PRE-
SENTINO THE coNsTurtrrtons•
At two o'clock in the afternoon the Commission 'left -the
Palace of the Sovereign Congress with a guard of honour, amid'
salvoes of artillery, the ringing of bells, and the joyful accla
mations of the people. The streets and balconies were crowded
in the parts of the city through which they passed to the Pislacti
of the Supreme Executive Power. The deputation having ar
rived in the magnificentsaloon where the Kxecutive Power was
waiting them Senor Vargas, the President of the deptitation,
pronounced the following discourse:—
" Most Serene Sir—The -Constituent Congress of the United
States of 11Iexica has appointed a Commission, at the head of
which I have the honour to stand, to place in the hands of your
Most Serene Highness this fundamental code, which. it has
just signed and sanctioned, after ten months of uninterrupted
labours. In fact, Sir, the representatives of the nation have
complied with the 'principal and the most important part of
their mission by forming this law, which, by uniting in a
stable and durable manner the independence and liberty of
one country, will for ever secure its happiness. La des-
potism fly far from hence at the sight of this code, on which
are enrolled the sacred rights of men ; and which is about to
become the terror of tyrants. Europe has her eye -fixed upon
us, believing or affecting to believe, that we want the ele-
ments which go to the formation of free men, but these few
pages will undeceive them, anti convince that that we have vir-
tue to establish with clearness and perspicuity, theinstituthuis
most favourable to liberty. This Constitution will overwhelm
our enemies with confusion, .and will secure to us the good
opinion of enlightened nations, inclining them to recognize
our independence. Hut your Serene Highness must be proud
to-day of the part which you have acted. in the execution of
this great work—sometimes wedding the sword in the field
to protect the foundations of the social edifice, anti at other
times 'grasping the staff of civil office, to protect order, anti
allow this edifice to he brought to perfection. The circum-
stances in which your Most Serene Highness took into your
hands the reins of' Government were the most difficult. A
thousand different diverging. parties made us tremble at an
approaciiing anarchy—the enemies of our country, eager to
impede the formation Wits Constitution, endeavoured under-
hand with all their power to disturb its tranquillity ; but
you, • with admirable skill and. prudence, re-established peace
and quietness, and removed all obstacles which In in the
way of the formation of a constitutional code. For this,
thankful posterity will -pronounce your name with a pleasing
emotion, and with a feeling of the most lively gratitude." .
General Guadalupe Victoria, President of the Suprente.Exe-
entire Power, replied in the following terms:—
" Citizen ltepresexuatives-,The Itittprenv t4ccutive Power
receives with the highest pleaxurti,'.an' d the .most profound- re-
spect, from your hands, the sacred book of the destinies of our
country, and 'congratulates itself along with the Sovereign
General Congress on Nt'cia!,' the classic work of its wisdom
completed. The individuals of the Supreme Government,
who now subscribe with their hands the Constitution, arc like-
rt,ady to support it with their lives, and to seal it with
titoir blood:

" Theiittpreme Executive Power especially congratulates
the comntisttion on being the messenger to announce • the corn,
pinion of their country's happiness. The code of our liberties
•and of the rights of the great Mexican people shall be pub-
lished and circulated,• with the rapidity of light, over the vast
extent of the Republic, to serve as a guide, and as the iris of
peace and hope to all children and inhabitants of this great and
powerful nation." '
After this, the deputation having withdrawn with the same
ceremonial as it came, and having arrived at the palace of the
Sovereign Congress, where the • Congress awaited its return.
'Senor Vargas declared the pleasure which the Supreme Exe-
cutive Power had received from the preceding message. On
that occasion the President of the Congress.pronounced the
speech, which we have given above. The immense crowds
of. people which filled the galleries burst forth into acclama-
tions and applauses on the conclusion of the President's Ad.
dress.
MANIFESTO OF THE SUPREME EXECUTIVE POWER . TO

vernmend 16s been c intracted iorond.thc.reinainderhas 6. e
latelyAtipulincil Tor on much more favourable tenni', A 0,,t0r
our defence, means have been taken to create an armament of
great amount, While;in the mean time oar veteransitre 'Clothed
'and armed; diticiplizny,established, and the exemit of eflicee4
eon si d c !At we sane time, u our at t ery,
ficient Or all our wants, and the active is organizing
with zeal. •rrn this matinci; Within a short tittle, the atraly of
the reintblic, already respedidde for the:numintrand excellence
of its troops., will .4e put inn state of giviligtilk,the enjoyment
of complete security, and treeing tia Flom 114*o:es to attnekti
Or haute from abroad. •
" Alt to our. rising; tiavy, the expences of constructinKsmall
vessels which pettylotrsly existed have been paid A, and of those
whieh have been neWly built, part tire in co:limit:a actiVity;
and acearding tes the arrabgeincaits lately adopted by the Ga.
vernment, it.ix to be iroptsi that in a short time the Mexican
flag. will wave end nu akt itself respected along the coast of the
Atlantic.. On the other band, the territory mal pitwer of the
Itepubrie have been ittcretiaced by the addition of the province of
Chuipe, which, hating fraciy.and joyfully, prwleuneed itself in
favour of our federation, now eompases one of our states ; and
this event, auspiciona and memorable in civil order, is more
so in, a moral point of view, iroin the justice, •the disinter-
estedness, and the dignity with which the negociation was con-
ducted.,

. .
" As to our fereign relations with other. Potiters, treaties of
the greatest importance have been untitled with the warlike IL
public olColom bia. The Government of the United States of
the North, which had already aeknowledged cur independence,
has lately 'appointed a Minister
.t 0 reside With us;'- while in the
mean time at (ttttuuls are in our. capital and in our ports, in
the full exercise.. of. the functions and power: which belong to
them. The tiame has been realized with the agents ofthat class
from the King 'of Great Britain ; and from the frank, kind, and
friendly conduct ofthat nation towards the Mexican we may hope
that within a short time the independence of the nation ot. Ana-
h one will be recognized by the Mistress of the !Seas. On our pail,
we have sent a Minister with full powers to the Government al
his Britannic -Majesty, of whose arrival in London we have
just been informed ; and from the course of thin4s, and the
order which events are (-timing to pass, •it inaT be hoped that
the object of his mission will be completely fulfilled. Our eta-
bawl', to the United States of Aniertca has already, Wet out for
its destination ; ai Minister has likewise • been appointed to id,
present us and the Republic' of Colombia. An at has-also
been nominated to proceed tonome to conduct ecclesiastical ne-
gociations ; and another has been appointed to (he United
States of Ce.ntral America, whose independence has been recog-
nized within these few days. And here we would tlesire for our.
own good, anti for that of Spain herself, to be able to announce
that we had entered into negociations with that nation. We
had indeed hopes of that kind during the existence of the for-
mer Government; but the restoration of Ferdinand V.ll, to
the exercise of absolute pourer, his decrees Tolative to us, and
hie contests with tin! Power which has endeavoured to: mediate
on this snbjeet, paralyze:for the moment all means of conci-
liation,' and only allow reason to ezpeet on his part a rystent'
of hostilities and bad treamient,which we neither have provoked
nor deserved.

" But, returning to our interior-1n the midst of the danger*
which surrounded the Executive Power, its-princips.l obixt was
the installatiOn of the praent.Congress, which happily could
meet without danger : the constituent act was ibrmed—the
Itepnblie peacefellyand gradually :acquired the federal form—.
the tempestuous' clouds which appeared towards the west and
the south were disSipated,conspiracies were timely discovered
and:put down-the fire of civil war was -extinguished on • the
19th of July-Ate Constitution destined to direct the Federal
Union has been finally concluded; and solemnly sanction-
ed ;* in ithort, every thing. has assumed- a fsrourable aspect,
and" the 'RepOblic is now in a condition to receive the im-
,pulie destineCto push it onwards to aggvandtzement and ele-
vation.

" Such is our actual position. What more could be asked
tbr a people in Ps irtil!.ncy, and in a,ktfito,PrapprentiCeship,and
inexperience ? Ilofc fhose nations dent more which accuses
us to be unlit for constitutional liberty ? There. may arise in.
our vicissitudes modification and changes, from whim even ro-
bust and consolidated rowers arc not always free. lint does'
not this basis of benevolence and caution—tin:aunt:l of kindness
and gooil understanding— this force of' privileged instinct witit
which the nation is advancing to save and form itself, atfbrd
gitarantee that patriotism will always dwell itruongus ;and that
finally, the work of onr estnblishnient and eontinfidation will be
conannitat&t.

" Fellow-countrymen ! —You may judge of what the Mexi-
can people are capable from what they have already achieved.
It is true, that some zealous and well-mtentioned men desire to
see us on a par with adult nations, and that they even are de-
jected because we have not arrived at that point ; but this desire
is unreasonable—the accomplishment of- it is impossible ; for
the elevation of nations can only be the whrk of timei'along with
good i n sti tu dons.

" Let us not, therefore, exaggerate evils, which, if they exist,
are inevitable in our situation. Let us be penetrated with the•
feeling of our own sufficiency, and be convinced that we shall
finally accomplish our enterprise, as we have already sit mount-
ed. the most difficult and painful portion of it. The steps Which
we have to take are few; the sacrifices Which remain to be made
arc small. Let us, therefiire, not lose the good whith we must
all have in our bands, nor, on the eve of attaining the summit
orour wishes, let us render ourselves unworthy 01. triumph and
happiness.
As for us, who, being elated to the highest posts of the
Republic, have administered to the state in rude and difficult
times—who have never treated with the enemies of our coup-
try—who, in obedience to the voice of that country, have sur-
rendered our command, and who have never abussd the pleni-
tude of our power, or the extraordinary resources with which
the Congress bad intrusted us—do not so many titles give 14
the right of claiming at these last moments the indulgence of
the Mexican people, to fix their attention on their moat dear and
valuable interests ?

" Fellow-countrymen I—Let us never forget that a (ioverrt...
went cannot exist without subordination—that economy and.
virtue are the soul of the Federal Union, and that witltout union
we must infallibly lose our own independence. if we are
united, whatever he the reforms and modifications which eir.
cumstances may introduce amongst us, we shall still be able to
be free, independent, and happy: But if, unfortunately, we
disagree, we shall be the laughing-stock of nations, the meta.
tion of our brothers and neighbours, and (what ought to make
us shudder still more) we,shall be the prey of our ancient' mas-
ters, who will come to bind us with heavier chains—trho wilt
come to insult our misfortunes with redoubled pride and in-
creased malignity. Let therefore, this image never disap.
peartis discord,
and
donr
preventu minds. i a issetatte of thing
sea lintlihuerrim;retnie
uti)i se of
o
humanity. Let us not deceive ourselves. There is no state
in the Federation which can exist independent
Whoever attempts that disorder is the most perfidious enemy
of his country, and the result would be general diNorgriniza.
tion ; and that moment we should have Impotence and pros-
=ion, and the end would be ruin and slavery. Lotus never
forget this conservative principle of the Republic and its well.
being—that united Mexico can do every thing, but divided we
are nothing, and have no power; liberty is destroyed, and our
country disappears.
" Although we have not the glory of leaving the nation so
flourishing and so consolidated as we would deaire, yet, we have
the satisfaction to think that it is maintained in a Mai of
nenoewr,iiel energy and strength,' and that it has reached this state-by it,
eelf, requiring nothing on our part but good intentions. But
power Hod authority are centered in one,' new ca-
reer opens lor its good, and it urtist rapidly march towartls pro-
sperity and splendour.. In descending at lust from the high
post to which the will of the nation advanced us, we are mu.
pied by no other idea, we are agitated by no other sentiment,
than that of the public felicity. The high and inestimable
kindness by which we have been distinguished, imposes upon
us the sweet olligation 'of being the tbrempst and the moat ar-
dent patriots. We shall do our utmost to fulfil this duty ; *we
shall employ ourselves in the service of- our country, without
p4wvleeoallwli:lliglicewthnwtd3ifieeasvcEault4l tiiii?}lnlititradi snake oewfe°reuflrrserepelenatraearilwnededtittt°lltaseeehrnmujoicYlsaP rttibovate
uxti4hile*::
he law.
raeltaniwtoitlith:hae: of futu
be happy.
re genera-
r t3;,—tio ft oubsedoiletenrecefoarned,
vs submission 11.7 a toh
happiness
nat
tions. 314 y our country improve and attain elevation and ag-
grandiiement in all senses. slay our fellow4:itisent
irtgeh.hriustigriebceol
rff
ertile, andt,ee =delicious land, in width tie first{
ons c
rock of aemlebbirationtedi bayndaptntilre
and fearettby others, us the land of liberty, the schOol mo-
grave of tyrants.
(Signed)

BUADAI4I.7PE VICTORIA, Proitirtm
" NICHOLAS BRAVO.
" MIUUEL4 DOMINGUEZ.
" Mexico, Oct, 6,
.1824."
