NEW COURT.

James Iralkinshaw, In appearance a respectable young man,
was indicted with stealing, on the 16th of April, a watch, the
property of Richard Jones, from his person. The prosecutor,
an old and infirm man stated, that he was a clerk in a solicitor's
office. On the day in question, about seven o'clock in the
evening, he was going along Brooke-street, Holborn, when he
was surrounded and hustled by three men, and immediately
afterwards found that his watch was gone.

Henry Johnson, a boy of 15 or 16 years of age, saw Mr. Jones
surrounded by several men in Brook.street ; the prisoner came
in front of the prosecutor, and snatched his watch from his
pocket ; was positive the prisoner was the man.
Policeman G s—Apprehended the prisoner at the Great
Mogul, Drury-lane, in consequence of the statements of the
last witness Johnson; had known the prisoner a long time, and
his parents, who were very respectable.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that he was at home and
working for his father at the time the robbery was committed.
_ _

The father of the prisoner, a watch finisher, was called, and
stated that the prisoner was at home when he left at 6 o'clock ;
the work he left him to do was completed, which must have
occupied him two hours or more. The distance between
Brooke.street and where he lived was very short. His son
had been in trouble before for stealing a plane.

A Juror wished to ask the policeman the character of the
house in Drury-lane ?

The policeman said he could not give it the best of characters.
The Jury found the prisoner Guilty.

Robert Wilkinson and Abraham Graves, two ill looking
men, were indicted for stealing, on the 18th of March last,
61 lbs. of sugar, the property of Mary Ford. From the state-
ments of the prosecutrix, it appeared that she was employed
to cart several bags of sugar from the St. Katharine's Docks to
Limehouse ; that she employed for that purpose a carman named
Cartwright, who was tried last session for participating in the
robbery and transported.

John Isaacs, a policeman of the G division, stated that before
nine o'clock in the morning in question he observed a waggon
stop in Shorter-street, Welclose-square ; saw the two prisoners
and Cartwright, the waggoner, get into it, open several bags,
and take sugar from them. On seeing witness come up the
prisoners made their escape, and lie was only enabled to take
the waggoner into custody at that time;Lsince that period, had
discovered the prisoners, who were notorious thieves, and took
them into custody.
The Jury found both prisoners Guilty, and the Court sen-
tenced them to seven years' transportation.
John Polack was found guilty of stealing a pair of new
boots, and sentenced to one month's imprisonment in the House
of Correction, and to be kept to hard labour.
Mary Ann Kelly, a tall athletic washerwoman, was indicted
for receiving six yards of gingham, the property of a linen
draper named Lee, on Islington.green, well knowing the same
to be stolen.

The prisoner with the utmost effrontery denied the charge,
and called several persons who gave her a very excellent cha-
racter.

The jury found the prisoner Guilty.
Mr. Sergeant ARLBIN told the jury that there was another
indictment against the prisoner, for receiving 19 yards of printed
cotton under similar circumstances, at the same time observing
to the prisoner, that she must therefore expect to be sent out
of the country.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.-(THIS DAY.)

MANSION-HOUSE-(THIS DAY.)

THE ABBOTSFORD SUBSCRIPTION.

A numerous meeting took place today In the Egyptian
Hall, in the Mansion house, called by the Sub-committee of
Nlanagement of the Abbotsford Subscription, for the purpose
of carrying forward the prospects of the promoters and friends
of that subscription.

The LORD Mayon took the Chair at half.past one o'clock,
and amongst the distinguished individuals, we observed on the
hustings the Marquis of Salisbury; Earl Cadogan ; the Lord
Bishops of Exeter, Llandaff, and Gloucester; the Right Hon.
H. Ellis ; Sir T. Auckland; Sir J. Shawe; Messrs. J. Murray,
Southey, M. Gore, B. Maclean, and many others, besides an
immense assemblage of ladies of beauty and fashion.
The LORD MAYOR expressed his high gratification at meet-
ing such an assembly to celebrate the name of one, who though
once denominated the Great Unknown, while literature held
its sway in this country, could never again be unknown
or forgotten. When there ceased to be a legal obligation
on Sir W. Scott to his creditors, he bound himself by a moral
obligation, by which means he became subject to the greatest
inconveniences. The meeting claimed kindred to Sir Walter
Scott, not a Scotchman, but as a man of the world—a man
who was known over the whole world, and whose writings had
been translated into all languages. He (the Lord Mayor)
held in his hand a letter from one of the most influential per-
sons in America, speaking in the highest terms of
the manner in which the genius and the memory of
Sir Walter were held there. The utmost sum now
required to secure Abbotsford in Sir Walter's family, was from
eight to nine thousand pounds, and when the wealth of
England was considered, surely it was not to be expected
that there could be much delay in raising so trifling an
amount. He (the Lord Mayor) had received yesterday 50/.
from Lord Aberdeen, and several smaller sums from other
individuals. He was not desirous of calling for large
subscriptions—he was rather anxious that the subscriptions
should be numerous, and as this was the first meeting of the
sort which had been attended by ladies, he entertained no
doubt of his wishes being realised. Books were prepared to
receive the names of subscribers—their names would also be
handed down to posterity through the public press, and when,
too, any of them visited Abbotsford, no doubt the handsomest
book in the library there would contain their names in letters
almost imperishable.—(Applause.)
The Marquis of SALISBURY rose to move the first resolution.
It was with the utmost satisfaction he moved this resolution.
At the same time, had he known that it was to have
been put into his hands a little earlier, he would have
declined the honour from a perfect sense of his inability to do
justice to the subject. There was nothing new to be said on
the subject of Sir W. Scott. He had succeeded in all things
in literature. He had spent his life in the service of the public
And surely this country, which had always remunerated its
heroes in the army and navy, would not hesitate to come
forward with the small sum now required for the accomplish-
ment of so splendid an object.
The Lord Bishop of EXETER seconded the resolution. When
first called on to do so, he positively refused. It did not occur
to him, recollecting that Sir W. Scott had derived greater re-
muneration for his works than any literary man had done, and
yet had died deeply in debt—it did not appear to him that
he could come forward with any propriety, and
ask this meeting for its contributions.—(Hear.) His
scruples had been now all removed. Sir Walter's difficulties arose
neither from extravagance nor negligence. The public had
been told it arose from his embarking in trade, and that when
the circumstances arose which shook trade to its foundation,
he fell with others. The real cause was of a very different
kind—it proceeded from the purest sentiarients of human
nature--gratitude. Sprung, as he was, from one of the noblest
families in Scotland, he yet had but a very small patrimony.
In early life his genius was principally fostered by his pub-
lishers. He remembered that, and was one of the most
generous of men. When difficulties threatened his pub-
lishers, they went to him, and asked him for permission
to use his name on their bills; his name was then, both as to
money matters and everything else, a tower of strength, and
those bills, with it upon them, were easily negociated. He
assented to this without the slightest prospect of having
a share in the business.—(Hear.) Unfortunately when
he was relieving others, he was working the ruin
of himself and his family. The crash came, his pub-
lishers failed, and he was liable to upwards of a hundred
thousand pounds. The Rev. Prelate then adverted in forcible
terms to the many virtues o f Sir Walter, and his laudable ex-
ertions to pay this immense amount of debt.
[The meeting se-s ening forward when we went to press.]

MEETING of INDIA PLANTERS'
MERCHANTS. and OTHERS.

At the Thatched House Tavern, this day, a meeting was
held of West India Planters, Merchants, and others, for the
purpose of taking some steps in consequence of the recent
measures before Parliament, connected with the abolition of
slavery. Lord COMBERMERE in the Chair

A resolution to the effect that the two Members of the
Standing Committee, who would go out by rotation, should be
re-elected, was first passed.
Mr. ALEXANDER bore ample testimony to the zeal and abi-
lity of the Standing Committee, and proposed a vote of thanks
to them, which being seconded,
Mr. BROWN complained that he had not been made aware of
the present meeting, which it was understood was to have been
held on Monday at t,le London Tavern.
The motion havin been earned,
The Earl of HARE YOOD proposed that a deputation of five
gentlemen should be appointed, to examine the various plans
which had been suggested for the abolition of slavery, and to
endeavour to obtain some modification of the Government plan.
Mr. P. M. STEWART supported the resolution.
Mr. Burton and Mr. MAYERS spoke at some length against
the resolution.

Mr. ALEXANDER, after an animated address, proposed
that the consideration of the question be postponed to some
other day.
The Earl of HAREWOOD pressed his motion.
Mr. CAnargoTos was averse to the appointment of a
deputation for such a purpose. Giving the gentlemen of the
Committee every credit for zeal, he, however, feared that that
zeal had sometimes carried them too far.—(Hear, hear.)
He appealed to the Noble Earl to withdraw the motion.

Lord COmaEumEaE thought that there was some misap-
prehension as to the powers of the deputation, which would
only be considered as an agency between the West India
Proprietors and the Government, and uggested some altera-
tions in the wording of the resolution, which would define
more clearly the powers of the deputation.

The Earl of HAREWOOD adopted the proposed amend-
ments to the resolutions, and replied to the observations made
by some of the previous speakers

A gentleman, who stated himself to be a Member of the de-
putation from Glasgow, said it was indispensably necessary that
some Committee should be appointed, which would not only
attend to the interests of the several islands, but also of all
persons connected, either as proprietors, planters, or traders,
with the West Indies.

Mr. BROWN, the agent for Antigua, thought that subjects
like those on which they had met could not be well considered
in meetings like the present. He thought the Committee would
give it by far the best consideration, and being of that impression
he should support the motion of the Noble Lord. In making
that statement he begged to be understood as being actuated
by sentiments of as deep interest as those of the agent for the
island of Jamaica.

Mr. K. DocoLas still thought that the Meeting should be
adjourned to Monday.
Mr. LEWIS, deputy from Bristol, observed that to a certain
extent they concurred with the present proposition, and the
ground on which he acceded to the proposition was, that hav-
ing passed a resolution for the appointment of a Committee, it
would show Ministers and the country generally that they
wished to act upon the spirit of it.
After some observations from Mr. GODSON, which were in-
audible to us,

The CHAIRMAN put it to the meeting, whether they should
proceed now or adjourn to Monday ?—(Cries of " Now, now,"
proceeded from all parts of the meeting.)
The CHAIRMAN then put the resolution, when
Sir A. GRANT rose to propose an amendment, for the pur-
pose of rendering the present proceedings consistent with former
ones, and was left speaking

THE MARKETS.—(THIs DAY).

COVENT-GARE
There was a good supply at 1
trade was somewhat brisk. Gre
Onions, Asparagus, Brocoli Spr
cheaper than on this day senni;
tionary. s. d. s.d
Potatoes (cwt.) 2 6 to 4 6
Ca'tages (12) 1 0 2 0
Ditto Red 0 4 6
Brocoli ..........un. 0 9 1 3
Horse Itadish(bdle) 3 0 4 0
Rhubarb 0 6 1 0
Celery 0 6 1 0
Carrots ! b nch es) 3 6 5 6
"turnips ..•......... 1 0 2 0
Coleworts or Greens 1 6 2 6
Leeks . 0 6 1
Turnip Raddishes lO 16
Young Onions
For. Grapes (per lb.) 0 8 2 6
English, Forced 8 0 10 0
Pine Apples (lb.) 8 0 10 0
New Potatoes 1 0 151
Strawberries (ounce) 1 0 2 0
Small Salad (punnet) 0 1 0 3
Sea Kail
Gooseberries (quart) 0 0 01)
Currants

,EN MARKET.

this morning's market, and the
eens, 11;:dishes, Spinach, Young
'outs, Cucumbers, and Lettuces,
ight ; prices otherwise about sta-

s.d. s.d.
Spinach (half-sieve) 0 6 too 9
Apples 4 6 12 0
Onions 2 6 4 0
Green Pease 8 0 12 0
Cabbage Lettuces 1 6 2 0
4aille Oranges (100)
Sileet Oranges 3 6 8 0
Lemons 7 0 13 0
Asparagus
French Beans I 0 2 0
Span. Chesnuts (peck) 5 0 8 0
French ditto 4 0 6 0
Spanish Fiazlenuts
Brazilian Nuts 2 0 4 0
Turnip Greens (bush )0 6 0 9
Brocoli Sprouts 0 6 0 9
Radishes (12 hands) 1 0 1 0
Parsnips (dozen)
Young Carrots (bunch) 0 8 1 0
Young Turnips 1 0 1 6
Cucumbers (brace) 1 0 2 0
Cos Lettuces (per score)l 0 2 0

AY MA IMF:Th.—, ,k t per? Load oi uo T, ......,
Cu m BE RL A N D.
Supply moderde, trade dull, and prices stationary.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £2 10 to £2 15
cew Ileadow Hay 0 0 0 l'
Useful Old Ditto 3 5 3 15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Hay 4 5 5 10
Oat Straw ...... £1 Bto £1 101 Wheat Straw 1 10 1 13

SMITHFIELD.
:Supply good, trade dull, and prices barely stationary.
Coarbe heavy Lowiatia Meadow Hay .t 2 15 to £3 0
New Mea tow Hay 0 0 0 0
Uset ul Old Ditto 3 0 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Nye-grass Hay ......
Cto,er Hay (extra fine)....£s 5 ..Generally
Oat Straw ... £1 60) £I 8 1 Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10
1..........
S W last

_AR ALTER 6COTT.-011 Wednesday
a meeting oi the University and inh,ibitants of Oxford was
held for the purpose of promoting the kbhotsford subscrip-
tion. The Warden of Merton mule an eloquent and
feeling speech on the occasion. Tire meeting was attended
by moat of the learned dignitaries of the University.
