DISNEY V. WRIGHT AND OTHERS.

This was an action by Major Disney against
Messrs. Wright and Co., bankers, of Henrietta-
street, Covent-garden to recover 3,9001. The
plaintiff in 1817 advised with the defendants as to
an investment of money in the French funds, and
on the defendants' recomm.ndation, the sum in
question was invested by Messrs. Daly and Robin-
son in the French 5 per Cents. Daly and Robinson
subsequently sold out the money, and invested it in
the 3 per Cents., from whence it was afterwards
sold out with a view to reinvestment in the 5 per
Cents.; but before a reinvestment was made, Daly,
who was then (1830) the only partner (Robinson
having left the concern in 1827 stopped payment.
The present action was brought to recover the
money from Messrs. Wright and Co., on the ground
that they were at least in this transaction partners
with Daly and Robinson, having share in the profits.
—Plaintiff nonsuited.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, FEB. 13.

ROUGHANS V. SALLOWS.

This was an action of slander.

The plaintiff is a fruit-salesman in the Borough-
market; the defendant is clerk in Messrs. Barclay
and Co.'s brewery. The premises of. these gentle-
men having taken fire in may last, the plaintiff lent
his assistance, with a great many other persons, in
extinguishing the flames. On the following even-
ing he also went to the premises, and while observing
the working of Messrs. Braithwaite's engine, when
pumping the beer out of the vats, the defendant
;aid to him, " What brings you here ?—is it any
more candle you want ?" The plaintiff asked him
what he meant by that, and defendant replied by
charging him with having stolen a candle. The
plaintiff denied that he had done any such thing, and
emptied out his pockets to show that he had no
candle about him. The defendant, however, per-
sisted in his accusation, and spoke of taking him
before a Magistrate; but the only plea he put ou
the record wa,, that he was not guilty of having
spoken the words.

The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff=
Damages 301.

COURT OF EXCHEQUER, FEB. 13,

STALEY V. RUNT.

Mr. WHITEHURST stated the case. The plaintiff
was an iron-manufacturer in Staffordshire. The

defendant was a famous orator, and the late Member
for Preston. The action was brought on a bill of
exchange for 1411. 195., drawn the 16th of May,
1831, by Wrn. Bruton, per procuration of his son
Thomas, upon, and accepted by the defendant, pay-
able three months after date, and indorsed to the
plaintiff. The bill was accepted for blacking bottles
furnished by Bruton. He supposed there would be
a speech from the defendant, with whose oratorical
powers the Jury were, doubtless, familiar, but it
would not be in the power of a speech to persuade
the Jury to find a verdict for the defendant in so
plain a case. He should prove the handwriting to
the bill and put it in.
Thomas Bruton, son of William Bruton, drew the
bill for his father. It was for goods sold; he took
the bill to the defendant, and sa..v him accept it; he
also saw the indorsement written.

The bill was then put in and read.
Mr. Hunt had paid the money for which the bill
was drawn once, and in these times it was suffi-
ciently difficult to pay bills once, and very hard to
be compelled to pay them twice over. The bill
was a just bill, and was for goods sold and de-
livered; and before it was due, he sent for the
son of the drawer, with whom he transacted
business four times every year, and requested him
to take part in money and a renewed bill. This
was done, and the renewed bill was paid, and he
had it to produce; but the crime that he had com-
mitted was, that he had been careless in not sending
for the bill.

The Jury, after heating evidence, found a verdict
For the defendant.

ARCHES COURT, FEB. 13.

GIBBONS AND ANOTHER AGAINST THE BISHOP OF ELY.

This was a suit originally instituted in the Con:
sistorial Court of Norwich, by the churchwardens
of the parish of Clare, against the Bishop of Ely, as
impropriator of part of the great tithes of that parish,
to compel him to repair the chancel of the parish
church, which the Bishop resisted on the ground
that it had been the custom for the repairs of the
chancey to be defrayed by the parish. A prohibi-
tion was obtained, on the suit being moved into this
Court, to try the question of custom in the temporal
Corns; and on trial of that issue in the Court of
(.'omn►on Pleas, the Jury found that, "from time im-
memorial, whereof the memory of man runneth not
to the contrary, there bath been a certain ancient and

laudable custom for the parishioners of the said pa-
lish of Clare to repair the chancel of the church as
often as occasion required ;" and the Bishop obtained
his costs.

Dr. PHILLIMORE and Dr. LUSIIINGTON now con.

tended that the establishing of the custom did not de-
cide the question of right, which was properly the
question before this Court ; that the burden of the
repairs fell of common right upon the parson or rec-
tor; that a custom, though proved to exist, might
not be a good and valid custom ; and that if a cus-
tom, which had crept in through negligence, or by
accident, were suffered to overthrow the common
right of the parishioners to be exempted from a
burden which intrinsically belonged to the possessor
of the tithes, parishes would be liable, in many
cases, to such unjust impositions.
The KING'S ADVOCATE and Dr. ADDAMS, for the
Bishop, expressed their surprise that, after the ver-
dict of the Jury, the parties should have thought it
necessary to carry the suit further.
Sir J. Nictiou. said that the question of the cus-
tom having been thus decided by the finding of the
Jury that it was an ancient and laudable custom,
reaching beyond the memory of man, it was not
open to the Court to go into the question of its le-
gality; but if it were to go into that question, he had
heard nothing which should induce him to set it
aside on that ground. The Learned Judge, there-.
fore, pronounced against the prayer of the parish-
ioners, and dismissed the Bishop from the suit; and
considered that, as they had persevered in this suit,
putting the .Bishop to the inconvenience of an ex-
pensive litigation, they did it at their own risk and
peril, and therefore.he should give the Bishop his
costs in both Courts.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, FEB. 12.

CONVICTION OF LADY BRISCOE.

Lady Sarah, the wife of Sir Waste] BriFcoe,
Barr., was indicted for publishing an infamous
libel, on the 17th of December last, with intent to
defame Mrs. Mary Tolson, and to hold her up to
public odium and derision.
The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty.

The CHAIRMAN and his colleagues on the bench
consulted together for some time, when the Chair-
man pronounced sentence as follows :—" Sarah
Briscoe, the Court has taken very deliberate time
to consider your case, and they feel that yours is a
double libel, and it is a great aggravation of it that you
not only procured the printing of the hills, but were
also so anxious on the subject that you actually su-
p intended the distribution of pany of them. The
sentene,e of the Court is, that you be imprisoned in
the House of Correction two months." In conclu-
sion, he had to say that Mrs. Tolson quitted that
Court with her character wholly untouched by any-
thing said there that day.

WEST INDIA QUESTION.--This question
is still unsettled. Several interviews between the Minis-
ters and the West India body have taken place, but no
important disclosures have been made. The West India
packet has been ordered to sail, and it is presumed the
plans of the Ministers are not so matured as to meet the
public eye,—,London New Price Current.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FEBRUARY 13.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY took bis seat on the Wool_
aatk, to-day, shortly before four o'clock, and, after post-
poning some private business, their Lordships adjourned
till to-morrow, at three o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, FEBRUARY B.
Mr. TENNYSON obtained leave to bring in a Bill to
amend the mode of collecting the rates, &c. acc., in the
perish of St. Giles, Camberwell.
Captain YORKE presented a petition from the Isle
of Ely, praying that the duty on Licensed Victualling
might be taken off. The Honourable Member could
not coincide with the prayer of the petitioners, believing
that the tax on public houses was a most proper tax.
Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the traders of
Dublin, praying for the more due observance of the Lord's
Day.

Mr. O'CONNOR presented a petition from a parish
in Cork, praying for the total abolition of tithes. He
trusted that the measure which bad been brought forward
by Ministers last night would be productive of good effects;
hut he considered he should be practising a &eat upon the
House, if he did not state that he thought that measure
would not produce satisfaction in Ireland. The people were
determined to petition the House, as long as a grievance
remained,
Sir GEO. CAYLEY presented a petition from Scar-
borough, praying that that corporation might be elective.
Mr. OSWALD presented a petition from the snap
makers of Glasgow, for the repeal of the duties on soap.
Mr. O'CONNELL supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. EWING trusted that the prayer of the petition
would be listened to, and that something would be done
to remove a tax which pressed so heavily on the poor.
Mr. PELHAM presented a petition from Coningsby,
praying for the extinction of slavery.
Sir F, BURDETT presented a petition from the parish
of St. Anne, Westminster, praying for the repeal of the
Louse and window tax.—( Hear.)
Sir J. HOBHOUSE said be had been instructed to
support the prayer of the petition, and he could .assure
the House that the same feeling that pervaded the pa-
rish of St. Anne, relative to those taxes, pervaded all
other parishes in Westminster. He hoped that his Ma.
jesty's Ministers would see whether they could not, con-
sistently with the state of the revenue, do something to re-
lieve the country of these burdens.—(Hear, hear.)
Sir M. W. R[DLEY stated that the same feeling re-
specting these taxes prevailed in all parts of the country,
nd if his Majesty's Government would pay some atten-
tion to this subject, they would render more imine.
diate and effectual relief, than by the repeal of
any other tax.—( Hear, hear.) He hoped the Chancellor
of the Exchequer would see that it was his duty to give
his attention first to this subject, and repeal a tax which
pressed so heavily on the industrious classes.
Mr. COBBETT said, that the house and window••tax
did not presa so heavily on the industrious classes as some
others he could name, but it was more odious on ac-
count of its great partiality—its great and notorious
partiality. The burdens were heavy enough in them-
selves; laws though severe might be just, but they could
not be just if partially administered.. If any propo-
sition should be made to put money into the bands
of the King's servants on the vote fOr the supply, he
should make a statement which he thought would in-
duce the House to consider whether a change should not
e made in the manner of imposing the taxes. In some
instances the poor man paid forty times, and in
many instances ten times, as much as the rich,
and that was the great ground of complaint the
poor man paying tile taxes for the rich, who
received them. He, however, would do the Noble Lord
the justice to say that he did not believe the Noble Lord
was aware of the very grievous manner in which the
taxes were imposed.
An How. lalemeen, whose name we could not learn,
said the house and window taxes were more degrading
than any other tax, and he was quite sure that many
persons who kept large establishments found means to
evade the payment of taxes, and throw the burden of
them on the middling and lower classes.
Mr. PATTEN presented a pstiti ,n from Rochdale, for
the abolition of tithes, and for the repeal of the duties on
malt and soap.
Mr. WALSH brought in a Bill for holding the Sum-
mer Assizes for the county of Suffolk, at Ipswich.—lt
was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time
on the 27th February.
Sir EARDLEY WILMOT presented a petition from
Atherstone, in the county of Warwick, complaining of
the system of the poor laws.
On the motion of Mr. HUME, a motion which be made
last session, for a return of the amount of all sinecures where
the offices are performed by deputy, in England, Scotland,
and Ireland, was read and agreed to.
The Hon. GENTLEMAN then gave notice that to-mor-
row he would move for returns of all moneys belonging to
bankrupts' estates in the Bank of Englind, and for the
names of Council of the Governor of Jamaica, with a depo-
sition of the places they held,
Mr. ESTCOURT presented a petition from Tetbury,
praying for the better observance of the S ibbath.
General PALMER presented a petition from the pa-
rishes of St. Peter and St. Paul in Bath, praying for the
abolition of the assessed taxes; also one from the overseers
and inhabitants of the parish of Walcott, in the county of
Suffolk, to the same effect.
Mr. LA NGTON, Mr. SANDFORD, and Mr. ROEBUCK, sup-
ported the prayer of the petition. This tax should be
particularly repealed, because it militated against the public
health, and because it pressed most grievously upon the poor.
Mr. PLUMPTRE presented a petition from certain
freeholders in a place in Kent, " against nocturnal le-
gislation."—(A laugh.) The petitioners considered it
not only injurious to the health and comfort of the Mem.
bers of that House, but they considered earlier hours es-
sential to healthy and vigorous legislation.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY moved fir certain returns rela-
tive to the locality and description of ecclesiastical
property charged with any rent, pension, stipend, or
other payment on leases ; specifying the probable num-
ber of acres, and the value thereof, and the customary
returns of renewal held under ecclesiastical bodies, either
for years or lives. He considered these returns as neces-
sary in connection with the subject under discussion last
night. They embraced a slat cie- of Church property as to
which no returns to the ecclesiastical commission had yet
been made.
Lord ALTHORP said that the object of the motion,
as far as lie understood it, was quite unnecessary. The
Commissioners were appointed to inquire into the
Church revenues as applicable to the support of the
Church. The Honourable Gentleman wished to know
what was the estimated value of the property of the
Church, as at present applicable to private individuals
unconnected with, the Church. It appeared to him
(Lord Althorp) that such returns were not neces-
sary, at all events in connection with the subject
tinder discussion last night.—(Hear, hear.) If the
returns were granted it would be absolutely necessary to
-have a valuation of all the Church lands, which would be
extremely operose and very expensive. Under theae
circumstances, as the returns would not be of
the slightest toe, and would interfere with the possession
of Church property by those in whose hands it had re-
mained for many generations, he felt himself bound to re-
sist the motion.
Lord STORMONT begged to ask the Chancellor of
the Exchequer, whether it was intended by his Majesty's
GovernMent that the money to be raised by making Bi-
shops' leases perpetual, was to be applied to other than
to ecclesiastical purposes.
Lord ALTHORP replied that he should have thought
his own language, as well as that of his Right Hon. Gil-
league last night had been sufficiently clear upon this point.
The money which would be thus raised not being consi-
dered by him the property of the Church, he thought it
would be applicable to the purpose of the State, without
raising a question upon which he knew great difference of
opinion existed.
Mr. HAMMOND begged to ask the Noble Lord whe-
ther be intended to diminish the number of the Irish
Bishops in the House of Peers ?
Lord ALTHORP said that it was not the intention of
Government to diminish the number of Bishops in the
House of Peers.

bribery was put.

Mr. HUME begged leave to ask the Hon. Member
for Staffordshire opposite (Mr. Lyttleton), who was
a member of the Ecclesiastical Commission, whether the
Ministers bad direct:d their attention to the subject of
the motion of the Hon. Member for Colchester? The
Noble Lord's objection seemed to be, that there was
at present no measure before the House which would
require the assistance of these returns. It was clear
however, that if the Church of England were at any
time to come under the revision of the House like the
Courcb of Ireland, it would be absolut iv necessary
that the House should have the information now
sought to be obtained. Besides, if the returns should
show that .the a►sount of property in the bands of
the Bishops was large, that of itself might be a rea-
son for bringing the sut ject under the revision of the
House. It had often said that the property in the hands of
Bishops and clerical corporations, was not more than suffi-
cient to pay the whole clergy ; and he was not prepared
to say in opposition to those who had made the subject
their study, that the case was not as they said ; but sup-

posing that, instead of being worth a million of money,
that property were worth ten millions, would not the
Noble Lord consider this amount so excessive, compared
with the duties to be performed, as to make it his
duty to revise its distribution? The Noble Lord bad
stated last night, that much exaggeration had existed with
respect to the value of Church property in Ireland, and
that he himself had thought it much more than it proved to
he. Now, might it not happen that the property of the
Church in England had been equally exaggerated ? At
any rate, they ought not longer to be kept in ignorance.
Perhaps, in altogether opposing the motion of the Hon.
Member for Colchester, the Noble Lord had better lay it
before the Ecclesiastical Commission, and consult them as to
the possibility of obtaining the information required. Cer
►ain he was, that some way or other it must soon be had.
Mr. LYTTLETON, as one of the Ecclesiastical Com-
missioners referred to, had no hesitation in saying,
that compliance with the motion of the Honourable
Member would not produce the information required.
The only way in which it could be obtained was by va-
luing all the Church property, which would materially
delay the report which the Commissioners were
anxious to make. He would take that opportu-
nity of observing, that never in the whole course of
his life, had he met with any body of gentlemen more
anxious to forward the public business, and give the fullest
information required of them, than the Prelates of the
Church of England, with whom he was brought in
contact. He had not met with a single instance of
conduct which did not do them credit.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY said that the Noble Lord's prin-
cipal objection, namely, the expense of procuring the in-
formation, hardly afforded a sufficient answer to a motion
I,f this kind. He did not see there would be much delay oc-
casioned in furnishing this information, because it was not
an inquiry that would have to be directed to all those per-
sons who were in any way connected with Church property,
but merely to the Bishops and Corporations. He submitted
that this was not only proper information to be given,hut that
this was the fittest period at which it could be given.
He was, as the Hon. Member for Middlesex had said,
quite sure sooner or later this information would have to
he supplied. If the Noble Chancellor of the Exchequer
had come to a determination not to yield to the mo-
tion, he would not push the question to a divi-
sion at that moment, but at some future
period be assuredly would. The Hon. Member then
withdrew his motion, and gave notice that he would
bring it in this day week.
The Marquis of CHANDOS was desirous from a cor-
respondence he had seen yesterday, to put a question to
the Right Hon. Baronet at the head of the Ad-
miralty, which was, whether or not there was
an order of the Admiralty which precluded officers in the
Admiralty, from having command, being in Parliament.
If so, bow was it that a Member who served in the House
last session, had the command of a frigate, and another was
in actual command in the River during the whole time he
was in Parliament ?
Sir JAMES GRAHAM had not the least hesita-
tion in saying, that there was no order of the
Admiralty which disqualified a naval officer sitting in
Parliament from having the command. It was the in-
variable practice, and it appeared to be the paramount
duty of the individual holding the office he now bad
the honour to fill, of exercising a discretion in the
selection of the officers who were appointed to a command
connected with great public duties. If the Noble Marquis
should think proper to call in question before that House,
the exercise of his discretion in the particular cases to
which allusion hail been made, it would be desirable that
he should bring the question forward in the shape
of a specific charge --(Hear, hear.) The Noble Mar-
quis was correct in the two instances he had refired to.
There could be no doubt that, generally speaking, there
was a great difference between the situation of a gentle-
man chosen by a large body of constituents to represent
them in Parliament, and being able to devote the whole
of his time there, to that of a gentleman whose active
duties required constant residence elsewhere.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that an humble address be
presented to his Majesty, praying that his Majesty would
be pleased to direct ri•turns of all the electors resident in
each town and city in Ireland entitled to vote at the last
general election,
Mr. HENRY GRATTAN wished to know whether
the Hon. Member had excluded from thit return the Uni-
versity of Dublin ?
Mr. O'CONNELL observed that his motion did not
include the University of Dublin. That must be the
subject of a specific and separate motion.
Me. SHAW saw no obj.ction to the motion, but he
conres,ed he could not see the object of it.
After 8,,1ne observations from Lord ALTHORP, which
were totally inaudible in the gallery, the motion was agreed
to,

Mr. O'CONNELL observed that yesterday, in conse-
quence of the statements of the Noble Lord opposite,
the Right Honourable Member for Cambridge had
moved for a return of all the benefices in Ireland,
in which the Divine service of the Church of
England had not been performed during the last three
years. With the permission of that Right Hon. Mernfier
he should wish to substitute in that return the word
" parishes" for the word " benefices." If the Right Hon.
Member would not adote the adoption of such an altera-
timn, he (Mr. 0 Connell) would feel it his duty to make
a specific motion on the subject.
Mr. GOULBURN thought the alteration contemplated
by the Hon. Member was calculated to produce great
injustice, because in many cases, where parishes had been
joined, in one of those parishes the service of the Church
of Ireland might not hike been performed for the last
three years, and yet the petitioners had received the benefit
of divine service in the other parish.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that the result of his motion
would be, that the House would have a return, from all
the benefices, and from all the parishes within those hene
fives. He knew of one benefice that was twenty-seven
miles in length. In one parish, there were but twenty-
six Protestants, and there was not a Church within a
distance of twenty-five mil, a,
Lord ALTHORP objected to the notice, as framed by
the Honourable and Learned Member.
Mr. O'CONNELL consented to withdraw his motion,
and said he would shape one in such a manner as would
afford all the information which he required. The motion
was then withdrawn.
Mr. WARRE moved for a return of all vessels belong.
ing to the Royal Navy that have been lost by shipwreck
since the Ist of January 1816.
SESSIONAL ORDERS.

On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, the order of the
day for resuming the adjourned debate upon the Sessional
Orders was read. The Noble Lord, after observing that
the motion which he had made did not on the first
discussion meet such a favourable reception, stated
that he was not prepared to press it, but would move that
it be referred to a select committee. The Noble Lord
then moved the mud sessional order relative to the inter-
ference of Peers, Lord Lieutenants of Counties, &c., at
elections.

Mr. D. W. HARVEY, after allwiing to the late case
of the Baron Le. Bode, said that the Committee
of Justice, which had formerly been a mere for-
mal matter, would, if now appointed, be most fit
to take such cases into their consideration. In such
Committee they could be much better considered than be-
fore the whole House, attended as it was likely to be now
after being reformed.

Lord ALTWORP agreed with the Hon. Gentlemen,
but he did not see there was any necessity to have a stand-

ing committee for such a purpose, as the House could at
any time appoint a Select Committee, if a case requiring
it came before it.
Mr. BARING said that very few of those personal
claims came before the House, but were some of the greatest
joirt.

After a few words from Mr. LYTTLETON, Mr. GOUI,
BURN, awl Mr. ROEBUCK, the sessional order relative to

Mr. O'CONNELL proposed a slight alteration in it.
As it at present stood it denounced the vengeance of the
House only upon an individtril who had procured him-
self to be returned to that House by means of bribery.
He proposed that the order should be so altered as to in-
clude the individual who had either procured himself to
be returned by bribery, or through the bribery of others.
Lord J. RUSSELL thought the amendment might
lead to the implication of innocent parties.
After a few words from Mr. GOULBURN, and Mr.
OtoNNELL,

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL that, with all
submission to the House, it was of very little conse-
quence in what form their order was put, for till the
law was amended, all hope of putting down bribery must
lie laid aside. The Courts of Justice had determined, and
that House had recognised their decisions, that there was
no bribery unless by previous contract. The " miller"
might go round, or " cheesecake " might he distributed
after an election, it having been perfectly well understood
from the beginning that five or ten pounds should be given
to every voter, and yet legal bribery would not have taken
place. He, therefore, most earnestly expressed his hope that
his Noble Friend, the Paymaster of the Forces, would
give his best exertions to the subject, without which
the Reform Bill would not be perfect.
Mr. SHEIL siid it struck him that there were but two
effectual preventives against bribery. Respecting one of
them there might be raised doubt, namely, the imposition

of an oath upon the candidates. The next was, that if
an Act of Parliament was introduced to give the power
of exhibiting interrogatories by the House to the candidate
without releasing him from the necessity of answering
questions that might implicate himself, that would be
the most effectual mode of putting a stop to the corrupt
system.
Mr. O'CONNELL proposed, as one of the modes of
punishment, to make the guilty candidate liable to the pay-
ment of all the expenses upon the bribery being proved.
He could not but regard the practice of giving sumptuous
breakfasts, dinners, and two or three pounds to indivi-
duals, as in substance bribery. His great object was to
bring before the House cases of unsuccessful bribery, and
which were not likely otherwise to be brought forward.
Successful cases of bribery were likely to be brought for-
ward by the defeated candid ate, and they would be more
frequently brought before the House if it were not
for the outrageous expense attending them. No person
could bring a ease of bribery before the House from a
remote part of the kingdom, or from a borough in Ireland,
without the expense of from 1,000/. to 5,000/. There
ought to be some cheaper mode of getting at justice. He
proposed that there should be a standing committee of pro-
bably twelve Hon. Members, entitled to take into consi-
deration all undue interference of Peers and others in the
election of Members to serve in Parliament. In his own
county he had known no less than five, six, or seven Peers
advertising in the public newspapers for a gentleman to
come forward and stand for a county, they pledging them-
selves to support him. He could mention several cases in
Ireland in which enormous sums had been refused by per-
sons for their vote. In one instance, which he could
name, an individual who was not worth twenty pounds in
the world, had not refused less than two hundred pounds
for his vote.
The SPEAKER then put the question, and
Mr. RUTHVEN rose—He did so, not for the purpose
of opposing the proposition, but for the purpose of en-
treating the Hous- to preserve their character. He had read
a report of a Noble Marquis's speech some time ago, how
far it was true he could not say, in which that Noble
Marquis had been pleased, in speaking of the House, to
use language which he considered highly improper;
he had said that hitherto it had been an honour
to he a representative of the people in that
House, but it was now no longer so,---it had been con-
verted into a receptacle for gamblers, and men who wished
to avoid the payment of their debts, and not of persons
who came there for the interest of the nation. It Iva,
also full of persons who sought to advocate the tricks of
Political Unions. Now he (Mr. Ruthven) was not an
advocate of the " tricks of Political Unions," but he did
not think they were bodies to whom such terms should be
applisd.—(Hear.) He was sure he for one was not a
gambler or a man of broken fortune.—(A laugh.) He
did not allude to this subject from any wish that proceed
ings should be taken, but when the public press had been
prosecuted for remarks of a similar nature,—when even
the printers, persons who gained their livelihood by
manual labour, and who suffered most considerably by
such proceedings, had not been spared, he thought he
could point out to the House higher game for prosecution
or persecution. The observation to which he had alluded
was one which the author ought to have been ashamed
of, or to have retracted.
Mr. HUME, as there were some difficulties on the sub-
ject, recommended his Hon. and Learned Friend to post-
pone his motion until Monday.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL was very much of the same
opinion as the Hon. and Learned Member for Dublin, and
at one time made a proposition a good deal similar; hut
there were several objections made to it, and certainly
those objections had some weight. Whenever, however,
a good prima facie case of bribery and corruption was
brought forward, he thought that then a Committee ought
to be appointed by the House to investieate it ; for in his
opinion the heavy expense attending Election Committees
was a great encouragement to bribery, and if the unsuc-
cessful candid ate had no hope of seating himself, he would
seldom subject himself to such an expense merely for the
public benefit, and in order to purify the representation.
In the Hon. and Learned Gentleman's general object,
therefore, he concurred, and was ready to co-operate with
him. It should be a Select Committee, however; for if
all who came were to have voices, great inconvenience
would ensue. He was also don• tful if the interference of
Peers at elections ought to come under the cognizance of
such a Committee. For himself, he never thought that
the interference of Peers could be wholly prevented ; and
the culpability of that interference depended much on its
nature. He remembered that during a contest for Cam-
bridgeshire, several Noble Lords subscribed for the popular
candidate, and their names were advertised in the paper.
And besides, any gross interference, either by bribery or
by intimida.ion, with the freedom of election, was as cud
petite in a Commoner as in a Peer. As to the observa-
tions of a Noble Marquis alluded to by the Hon. Member
for Dublin, if either House were seriously to notice the
foolish speech. s made in the other, they would have enough
to do.—(A laugh.)
Mr. O'CONNELL was glad to find that the Noble
Lord was matronly impressed with the justice of the view
which he (Mr O'Connell) took of the subject ; and that
the Solicitor-General concurred in the same opinion. He
trusted, tnerefore, that hie 111ajesty's Ministers would avail
themselves of the abundant means in their possession to
put down the enormous evil of bribety, an evil which had
even been increased by the Reform Bill, in consequence of
the new classes of voters introduced by that measure. Ile
begged leave for the present to withdraw his motion.
Mr. FERGUSON begged to ask the Hon. Member f mar
Middlesex, whether he wou'd not be induced, after she
satisfactory announcement by Ministers last eveimine, to
defer the motion of which he had given notice, and which
stood for discussion to-morrow ? He thought the Hon.
Member might now place the fullest confidence in Mi-
nisters.—(What motion the Hon. Member alluded to we
knew not to a certainty; but surmise that it is one re-
specting the abolition of all military and naval sinecure
appointments.)
Mr. HUME would have no hesitation in postponing his
motion, if lie could entertain any hope that it would be
taken up by his Majesty's Ministers; but as he did not do
so, be should decline to comply with the request of the
Hon. Member.
Mr. HUME wished to ask the Noble Lord (Althorp)
if the statement of the death of the Master of the Report
Office, which he had read in the papers, was correct, and
if the vacant appointment haul been, or was intended to be,
filled up ? The emoluments of this situation amounted to
4.5891. 1 Is. 10d. per annum, which sum was paid out of
the Court of Chancery. According to a former declaration
of the Noble Lord, all offices, as they fell vacant, were to
be subject to revision ; and he took it for granted that this
was to be the case in the present instance. He would ven-
ture to throw out a suggestion, that inquiry should be made
how far it was necessary to fill up the office at all ; and if
necessary, at what reduced salary. It was of great ,m-
-portance that these points should be strictly attended to in
all cans when appointments fell vacant. At present, when
any situation fell vacant in the colonies, or in the army or
navy, the first intimation the public generally had of it
was the appointment of a successor. He should give no..
tice of a motion for a future day, to the effect, that all
offices in the colonies, or in the military or civil service,
that might fall vacant after that date, should be subject to
such revision as that House, or the heads of the depart-
ments to which they belonged, should deem expedient.
Lord ALTHORP was not aware of the vacancy men-
tioned by the Hon. Member, or the amount of the emolu-
ments attached to the situation. Inquiry se.ould be made
as to the necessity of filling it up.

EIIII3ARGO ON DUTCH VESSELS.
On the motion that the House do resolve itself into a
Committee of Supply,

Sir ROBERt. FEEL said he had intended to avai
himself of the opportunity of the House going into a Corn.

mittee of Supply, to make some remarks on that Order in
Council, which imposed restrictions on British subjects
trading with an ally, and authorized the detention of her
vessels in our porS. As, however, he did not see the
Noble Lord at the head of the Foreign Department

in his place, nor the Attorney-General, nor the Le.trned
Civilian (Dr. Lusbington), he supposed this would not
be a convenient opportunity for him to proceed in what be

bad to say. He trusted, however, that by forbearing non•,

he would not lose the right on another evening to state his

opinions. Perhaps Friday would present a suitable occa•
'ion ; but in ay.iiling himself of it, he wished it to be
understood that he intended to confine himself to the clues-

tion of the embargo, and not to introduce a discussion on
the foreign policy of the Government.
It was understood that the Right Hon. Baronet would
be at liberty to go into the Nubject on Friday.
In answer to a question from Lord GRANVILLE SO.
MERSET,
Lord ALTHORP said it was the intention of Minishrs
shortly to introduce two Bi1!s for regulating the Exche-

when
nie RitighwtasHolink.elyth;
's Charter would be
quer Court.
EAST INDIA COMPANY'S CHARTER.
question Presi-
dentllr 0.
fA
o.t
fhßetAh
Beßol:radGs t
olft begged
dciaonc
brought before the House ? He trus ed That a subject of
ttoromo la6pawkn y
such magnitude and ilupor!ance would not be deferred
till a late period of the Session.
Mr. CHARLES GRANT felt that the importance of
the subject hat not been over•estimated by the Hon. Mem-
ber for Essex. It was now under discussion by Govern-
ment i and as they were aware of the high interest it

matter.

r‘ocasioned, they had strong hopes that the
be introduced at no distant period. He wou
Wedge the Government to time, but be
Ester the subject would be brought by them
House. ..

Mr. WARBURTON wished to know► WI
&nee of the Committee would be in the 121
Members.

Mr. GRANT could only assure the Hon.
no time had been, and no time should be, II

The House then went into Committee
Mr. Bernal in the Chair. The House resume
Mr. SHELL moved for a return of Fees
cers in Ireland on Tithe prosecutions--of th
money levied under the Act 2 William IV.. c.
number of persons against whom proceeding'
had, and of the number specifies in the p)
under the said Act.—Agreed to.
Mr. BISH withdrew his motion for altFrii
of choosing Committees on election petitions.
USURY LAWS.
Mr. KENNEDY (Tiverton), asked the
(Althorp), whether it was his intentiol
forward a Bill which he introduced befor
in the Session of 1830, to amend the la
to Contracts for the Loan of Money, com
the Usury Laws ; or whether he considered
which did not come within the measures whic
introduced by Members of the Government ?
Lord A LTHORP said it was not the inter
vernment to bring forward any specific measn
the Usury Laws.
Adjourned at five minutes after seven.

iouiti°,fithat
toit
be-
Every al,
0 riesit ke
Every friend to the peace and vvell-being 1,41 r 0d i
Ireland must rejoice that the plan of Ch 0 11 pi' se
Reform proposed by Lord Althorp has or Itlii sonde
such as to command the cordial assent and 5 iii 4° ham
port of every liberal Member worth nanaieglith 0 1114 with
the reformed House of Commons. The: to ei ii4t they
y
toistui,etitihsnaaett,istfhahacestiobmneeeanosuffrretah,meief(clowwuenittimrly:ryit:;ntildtudfegeelinvgYr, veeitett
and foresight for the stability of thewigt;rslP Sehla.ve
The violent opposition of the Tories, vii,'' „to, et'4`l, ott i
R. Inglis, Sir R. Peel, and Mr. Gnir,lo otr,tB ofi
would itself go a good way towards cony,te-ble, talkt tele
the nation that there was something 'vette, 0t ~,."'it,-.
something real, something the reverse of :17ers, retlx.""certair
sion, in this proposal of his Majesty's Min's'spi,itnir, of ti
On looking over Sir R. Peel's speech, vvenit)cN '4.,,;1110a5n
actually amazed at its vagueness And ina-.01,00(1411tetapl
Notwithstanding all the tact, experienee,-;Ay outi,letr 1
fertility of objection towards popular measndiii for 1)4., ,fle Se
possessed by that Right Hon. Baronet, he tegislaZity 61
not on Tuesday evening bring forward a sili ttre:'• T,
argument, literally not one, affecting the le,is, adCttalten
of the intended Bill, or illustrative of the re d' o' t' e rage
tions in which the Protestant Church of Ire) e ell'lthl . b
stand, or ought to stand, towards the Ina, eti,' Xistitiatieello
the Irish community. Mr. Goulburn, irwes,,er °lteh,gri insti,
predicated somewhat concerning the rid 0140, and
and influence of the Church of Ireland, r i_wtta have 1.,
reprobated " the deep damnation of, thy' 17 tlkg'inst «
taking off" by this measure of rot° Or then 1.0111,,-,
but as the Right Hon. Gentleman did nO", of i,61 nat?hare I
could not, enlighten the House as to the stts, i,`41.1148 ow
" influence and power" which a Church 1; 0411 wer°4lte, !di
blishment ought to possess, and for whicsoi,it.°ticLkady
ought to be endowed by the country, bia 40' a tno;'.whi
madversion on the subject may go for what "gorlio4l4'6o 131
worth--an escapade, or burst of burocratie 'Opt al- 3,- and •!
row,lhat the future succession to official efsiikpbe e:,lleussi
age was by an act of state to be lopped : tc 0 Wiesis
many of its most flourishing branches. It f a 11Nthat
not Improbable that some pottion of the J'l hitol9fr
with which this healing policy is receive" bot ~ Pie tn.atAl l',
the public may spring from no other source ' teetit t; shoe
the hatred already manifested against it hi or t'goad Y.tvh• '
. 4 lel
old enemies of everything like indulgence 00 0 11. his
liberality towards the bulk of the Irish P°Ptuthip 114titteSelsl)
tion. Mr. O'Connell must have seen tha-,,,i1k°014...°01d
general taste of the House of Commons viv'sdi. ,P, 441;44 foi
ave been revolted had he expressed hileso(l hate how f
-aodthmeirrwatisioentbaonf
thein spirit
ts
wohfichhigdhictaapteptliatubskit(;vriegelni it!
of it
through
utgbhe same tune, hcaismulontqufaaillifioefdvianolnioleg:, 4:11:11411tinhh::::::
upon the minds of his Irish adherents be-t4' 4t9..,,kitity
daily for the public peace. Two just and sahjosi, ' I q "b had
principles are asserted by this measure-'Bo,tN,Zi,rntne
that the resources of the Church are to be till ‘itti le Ita
as far as they will go, available to ecclesiaa itri;lheti,!Pon•
purposes, instanced in the abolition of vestrir of* ', tl4i,' co.,
sessments, and in the application to the reeiveo ii:ittli?lillg al
churches, &c., of a per centage on the incespropd tililki,n 4 ea,
of the higher clergy. The second is, thetonef ii wirrfesi
surplus or saving from Church property, iiritolo°llliotilitni
providing for the service of religion se fag 14;1441;4er)
ministers, becomes convertible to the uses °et, k, .11.11 e WI
state. The provision which enables a tenr-pelioN,.l".be
under a Bishop's lease, to purchase a Peo he 119,ftviee;
tuity, on paying into a public fund a price toejniNle'llber
regulated by Parliament, will be useful.
cho ii;vNi to
Bishop, it is plain, will be no loser by suod 1,?, Nta,:of .4
clause. His income, composed of rents, with L, kle the
biennial fines (the renewals being optional so rite
the Bishop), will be fairly valued, and a. .) teetti 'l?°tshi,
, Ire NI -1
equal to a given number of (six, we belies or e how ar pc
years' revenue, thus estimated, will be that 14 404 far h
which each tenant may command his own.rdity !Otto e ougi
manent independence of the caprice or OP/ rodketl,litio,,Y tit
of the Bishop, insuring to himself and his re
si) 00, ha the 1);', tha
sentatives the perpetual possession of the so kl)43lll:(lticti
subject to the very low rent which the di°Festit bee
q ' 'hall
is in the habit of receiving. One imPfdrlste
steee:clllo4:.g(
consequence of this charge will be, the itnm,-,00 I in '' \ill%llgh
and continued outlay of increased capita' alt , kek is,
the improvement of the land, now, for the
5e of ot'tl4: dares
part, in an impoverished condition beeanothet eo(let`Tneees,
the precariousness of the tenure. Aef. dif, ,tll- '444, i
and valuable effect must he the cessation ° orai `4l)lialls jilt
ferences between the Bishop and his 1101 e ot1:9- ttletn 0
respecting the terms of renewal, out of vviislo 'lllooots, t,
have arisen many bitter feelings against the
with t,
ititi ;,;;...wh
of the Church, and, taken in connexion sinst Itisitt►ether
the tithe system, much general odium at the ihtil thq that '
1
the whole body of the clergy. Athong early ilit'es, re 1461
number of the Bishops be curtailed 11 0,0 ~h tht4 'all ''d
one half, we do not think the scale of ineottat Orel, Jeligi
allotted to them so commendable as the aejthor ft:24141 beet"
of their numerical reduction. One with o,tlae of ' '4414. Whi 1
their net incomes will reach within a tllue ee 144 e
c reo kit. nal
6,0001. per annum, which, with allddeerfer
an f the
„ptett
be it said, is more, by at least a sixth' We ke'lle ChltleletiwtF
their station or professional duties call for. c,igeti lrNtlrch, I
trust that hereafter, when the case can be ic'must• if 4iitit:44. '
at dispassionately, a further prospective a"J ill thlltht KI %jet
ment of the revenues of these dignitaries lag 14 'A Nat A
blandishmentstakew 1 ichpitahceey,haanvdeantldb)aete,enxfcopirt the sake of ,ens for iletti44ll44ll
their attention to those religious
Pi:iyFicenieidy:;;a:°o'bogie‘:4)(t4ilejetel4ll:•lill :c:iit4 Intertibßi
Bishops-1,
oh no
pisn_ay
l, be
(freraiotsmnmeaa:lititsgyheeonamfePr,
al
ro
vim a
elbow hO,
translation;-2, incapable (notwit hstau &ling. 35 ithes, 4104 IN
Althorp's declaration last night) of sirdbhiP9 ? the tha'eti
" Lords of Parliament." If their L°ot (lir at tithitthitlyth
be fairly wedded to their sees, and for ad' If tl,p)''' 41'Y
traced from them by the eagerness or bi lavi,,,Td. 4 ,
vancement, the cares of legislation,_tropoliot
ide,;;., etit ithi
frequent and costly visits to the Ine_inistre he LAO lttttl t
they will be far more efficient attnt
as far- here
wt'llititt
tors of their several dioceses, as well_rt :bets tosaie 4:-A4,7
better able on moderate incomes to still:uroot:3 e 0 iliptho
fatnilieS and to assist the poor, than at t ici ate
lilran"kea3lltl
Another great advantage which we.
i_ of t .e. t beat 111, a
from the liberal and honest construction able' NI t
414
Church Reform Bill, and from its 1
min 01
, .
, .
influence, already apparent, upon the ini

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNAL

GOtetp
1
roatlet°,,gpt ,eetabie
lid not e%',,'r °Queed
hoped bel"' e?Pie of
eat before IRY' that
rhea tbe li„rsisecl,
undo of P §litit de
1
. Itenin 'ion
inio:te:Daobboegrea:l xigulpggrae:tinua°:t.hae.-1
pro for , A.... a, is
i tO Leg . to titjabl
le atoolin:A.Alet 6 'e
c. 41---01;fow 1 or
is
ge baq .. to be °^R a
proclato L effee.
Lie
eat quest;
ing the en_ c
. uestio:ugl
~, een lu, h
Noble V hat ieft in
'a to bOl - in
, flo , Venj 01
re the 41. tiE ;,
taws relays if ' " i
!wally' 'Pllmat We }
it a queqdhe Can Ire.
ich ghoul" :of th athorc
'
be
i
nioo ofA be brow
:tom or Di,
i," Ithn
eef it,:l

ICatholics, is the anii!lior.ltion to he
Y ilt In the general temper of the
threalaind, and the consequent proba-
'"" May. he vinlicared, outraged
and innocent life protected, by a
!..gt_e,e of severity and coercion than
,Iwise have been required. One am-
(es_ n_ .
I) onat'i..."_flo. therefore defective, point in the
thine, iv given by Lord Althorn on Tuesday
'one(/' RT, How are the clergy to be sup-
!re una From the Noble Lord's speech we
set is ore,B/0 collect whether the Composition
ow 104 'a
time
to continue for a time, and for
the question
",,,be effeetetdune, or how soon a commutation is
and what sort of commutation ?
lest „n as relates to the Bishops is all
luestion_ Ugh't_ but the other, which is the main
teen lei.' ;has, hitherto at least, unfortunately
hat •it I F •
in ••eyptian darkness. We observe
veuing
it was
hurried statement of Tuesday
if we as unintentionally made to appear
hat
an Irish official a I, ;
et..or.ty for asserting
'he t.:Psath l• poor-rate, and the payment of
13f the c clergy,
to b e grand Were to be part and parcel
. measure of Church Reform, and
11.1 ' brat,
11 or ON out by Ministers in a separate
Lora] Bills, immediately after that of which
se thorn h
as just given notice. A sur-
oultiafhtehaatrnature (and we say so with regret)
0 puiett
he
kept
terror. Sure we are that the poor
Pa. from. starving, and the Catholic
id well•beingrd, kilhood
0 ti ty
or
semeinintained by the state, under the
plan of Chu
g Ireland a prey to turbulence
thor has been rsedis°rder
inioto hand, although
.no evidence has yet
assent and -;
that Ministers are of the same
orth narnittg.,:b o 11 With
`that
the ourselves, or have the courage to
ns. The truth
y judge bY 1 itroseessiy,t Ought to do in this matter. How.
Y will "bide its time," and make
rightL feeling (5 z.relt h
and inexorable pressure.
and vvith 40, li:the,. Y a rough
of the Chtirit have had occasion more than once to
rories, vizl Si, !ark oti ih
Mr. Goa,lb„liirig orlibers of the excessive eagerness of some
arils convol-; hof rer the new Parliament to enter on the
iusb ,
11,41)oi it;nrmation without knowing how to
!thing va
of &la' `..4e ---, to occupy particular ground with-
everse . tds,, ten., ertainin
!sty's Mims-adieu)" of „
.g their own powers, or the
speech, are :- 'the at tbe_:neir position,—and to propose par-
s And ifilinitliiende4hona, suites without being aware how far
!xperieneet 00 ,tia., et the, Plated plans of Government might
our!. foY ef'th lr nostrums unnecessary. The first
pular m aid r „,, , e se__.
aronet, he letielority
of'sion exhibited a perfect scramble
a silts fertartik The notices in this kind of popular le-
rward:ting them erig, ad taken order-book was almost like a
ve of the re a' X 'tile ra by storm and surrendered to pillage.
itch of Irei-of e rotiltige,_eontinued an hour longer, scarcely a
.ds the Mass d ' xj4l3aseelinave been safe in the budget of
lburn, indeee; etroleg inst?r of the Exchequer—scarcely an
, noel , „ leti, aution would have remained un-
g tne rso utliti, and
scarcely a legislative innovation
f Ireland, rig . ivs have r
of th
,‘I tbaig4inst,ernained unappropriated. Had the
lion
of refOrtijo; %ell Y for,,, ;forestalling" existed in Parliament
in did net) 0(01
il to havq:rly did in our markets, they ought
sto the a°l4 el'e Iltkes o been enforced, and such a number
Church sls:g 1 w 'tiee, like
not to have been allowed till
which it °4 . ere Ike the market, had been filled, and
I for w ti ead
0-aegis Ytoet t f • Among
entry, his .`1 it ,f It to hi ar air. the eager
i)ritfor
what it r kii
44 (4,104 ti
bleb we have alluded we Observe one
burocratic sarikfut4l and Y Mr. Joseph Hume, "to abolish
official Pary tbe' (lite.,
,military sinecures," which comes
• lopped wf 1 ei ktes."isasion this evening. Mr. Hunie in
It I, is
440,tith a tolerable Parliamentary tactician.
inches.
of the faOhntipeet 3.l.ofrat be must do something in economy
s received it iapie4) 'kid against his blunders in other re-
er source thbge keot to qin he dexterously seizes the present
inst it by Id t
ii)etlli), wh,* that continued zeal for retrench-
indulgence s, div his leh his chief popularity has been
Irish oopul e ilk lieB„,BPeecli, his figures his calculations,
;hog tlio ihdoldit wollutnitions are all, no 'doubt, prepared,
seenTimons °leiii§ le:lNt fd be too much to expect that he
hood that am how the presentation of the estimates
ressed
Jails, It , kgg eNoi • far his motion is necessary, or to
aPP • e. 4 est h it Can
d to o'filey awebe conceded. We would only
italitfieed
solo;
an I)s,ho
Lver, that an upright Member of Par-
di of Woric'efrierN>4oad the real good of his country at
ben , ot„ 411, ,‘nought less of the gratification of his
events tstl-7 4nit
,t and sal° e., bits' 11, Y than of the discharge of his public
aeasure--"ecille, hadLl44o,l,s,r, no desire to embarrass a patri-
re to be n'sholj°2eit,!qe 4ent, anxious to accomplish all
eeclesiit'sr Zlht: Ilpou-eforms in a reasonable time, by
i of vestri. of :t cls.t° co, it premature discussions—who
repair 0 waittlittii„g °,Perate in the work of saving with-
) the
1 the ine°llllll4 twin 4 all the merit to himself, would have
&it sad or wrllittry"..ase like the present, till the naval
d is,
.0 ~ tYl!' 4°o •siti,"B.lirnates had been laid on the table,
perw d et ;0 et, ,q,urnitted to the consideration of the
gion °fag rit, .'is..4 hen „„
uses °` , L it itqli4e
_, ould occur the fitting occasion
ilex arena
e • •
hale a Per'be; 04, 4ervie Politic to abolish those rewards
price t° ele ttlea4lettb es which may be included by the
ase- ful- iihi'sg sPeillto to er under that name. Most likely
suer by suc-j 'avY>. glue demand the abolition of the she
of 3" /hal l'lth Admiral and Vice-Admiral in :he
of rent' pith he all the reduction
*ono' I/ ni • th, °the,. of that of Field-Mar-
ioptaind a st, , !tiler
aim,orsh,annir appointments in the army,
we belie/10/r tlirllor tPa of different fortresses, and
ill be that per of 1-10°‘v farPi°B4. We shall not stop to in-
his own 1):fv. ft tlt te'e 0„ he intends to go, or tell how far
cupidity ,iyetlttio say
tet to follow him ; it is enough
or
end his Tell ;:i)r flit e 4, ti, at this is not the time for the
of the sol; 04h140,111"t nothing will be lost by waiting
the diecesat %Innot„lre she,t;°n of the estimates, and that,
e importane let o(qtiti aau not assign a bad motive, we
le inuredi°o ry
\lo.l,i(Pod one for bringing on the de-
ita Leo 411), ther:;lt• Legislation is not like epic
Forpt he 111!of It , Ctla,s, r 's,no necessity for rushing at once
to ifte 14 ti es'. '••••••Tinres.
i bees ther 4 n 44.htiee.
, An° Air, weltred.:ssary for us to repeat, what we have
ition of
."010 tAi.te, .. opr conviction of the necessity,
his te11i.3.611 ,e oulkoetii %nee, of a refbrm in the Church
at of "'Pio , hil. view of the empire. We did not con-
[
sst the be't.th t, `l4;. ...__to the Irish branch of the Esta-
rtexion 0:15t igitilthetheherever abuses could be shown to
imp againhe krn t4kteti thr in. England or the sister island,
though try 174e8 :I„,e ',pat, the Church ought to be relieved
, yes sit tog ':'e,indicial consequences of such
tiled we sh tb ail d.
f ion t a tt, ,a tell disinterested persons must allow,
e o
owl hard .r,i_ .
the atil or 11,a
14 I:sutus and moral influence of the
vith a.% of rtt,,,, whit! Promoted by removing those
1 • •
a tr'" 1 an stain its Christian purity of
Jut • 4Li are
, deferent_.i
in
~_ ket.
I . OW 1' the mllle v,he SPOtB upon vestal's
SiXt"' 0 6 'Ch vacktPrio,r what t„soil." robe,
II for. dl' I),,tilltet, Ing the- oke e extirpation of the abuses
J 0 ral• .ge )we
nbe Alogi• .1. t Ititti.lol). never recommended anything
tive.easyr 1
Wi'l .4:h4,11! th,svvilieh Wk e objected to sinecures and
14°1 pia state ,tea i'tAt di ".ave been objected to by some
if con fa be '414 41f., stlnguished lutninaries of the
offices he R 1 vit,,41% Vvi.
... dt, ,t,b, ok ltti .. would instance such cele-
loin/ie,:any he littli,i, toter those of Burnet and Sherlock_
orb-. 704, 10,, lee4;etit tre,sl in the temporal fruits I o the
by 1113 of 4). '4l ItY of It' not blind ole) j., Jeeti„' 41% a e their judgments as to
ii,.r.„,,i,0r" ?ergyinalA: hoe orrection of its abuses. Fre-
no'":rtirig.a9 Ithes,llßhi`,ltodewe expressed a wish that a less
,1 siccing. / the Ne,i'eder: °l' providing for the parochial
Lordship-, dig hot t:, arhi4. y the :ed than the Papal invention of
I no& ad. 4 D "he% 'NI% dad
inv nt. because it was
,„ for -lid la •.081a NI / auth . e ion, .
, r ; vl,l and eor
.1 )rity of the Roman Pontiff
in, ° JO d g heel th • Iginall •
op° eeret i en. y imposed on the people
etr ,
In • isn't he i,„ 411,, 4 the kaYtnent, as now enforced,
Amin for he "et 'ter ' first • •
re so of _instance established by
Pooreas,heir 4 ,vrik a p
osa 4 or , ope Innocent 111., about
* „g, It 1c ilia N.
,tne 1,-, ,
reset. e a tape. ovkli_ 44tn century. It is true
at P.eiots rre„ Paytrientistie'n for the Levites under the
on'l 00 tit bgettloil, Ilt of ill' which,though
)ii o' able eat .1 4 ..ith something
eli tlt e, was very different in its
favour," of -4... a.. .
411 ---> t
tuti rorn ours. That system,
;nil° oriai . • •
4writers admit, began and

nittee pro
_Jo
.t resumed, w". 6
'Fees
f to Law
.00
—of the 111' f
Iv.. C. 41'40i
weedioge bectio
i the procia°

11. altering the

litiohs.

rd the Noble b
ntention to got
I before the
the laws rei'o
r, coranionlY et;
idered it a
res which tho°l"

: intentionnt 01_16.
mewnre ree"

JOURNALS•

ended with the Jewish Theocracy ; so that our
Protestant tithe system rests only on Papal foun-
dation. Anxious, however, as we have been
in this and other respect's fora reasonable and
judicious Church reform, we never advocated
the diverting any part of the revenues of the
Church from the maintenance of the clergy, and
other ecclesiastical purposes, unless in the event
of its being satisfactorily demonstrated that those
revenues amounted to a greater sum than would
be requisite, ifproperly distributed, for the decent
and comfortable support of all the clergy. One
of the greatest abuses of the Church establish-
ment is the enormously disproportionate ilicomes
of the dignitaries who superintend, and the
inferior clergy who labour. The worst-
paid members of any liberal profession who
have much work to do are the inferior clergy
of the Church of England, while, with the ex-
ception of the Spanish prelates, our superior
clergy are the best paid. Now we have con-
tended for the principle of a less unequal distri-
bution of the wealth of the Church both in
England and Ireland, insisting at the same time
that none of the wealth of the Church should
be seized by the State, and applied to secular
purposes, until it should have been ascertained
that the whole body of the working clergy were
respectably provided for, and a surplus remained,
in which case it would be right that such surplus
should be appropriated to the relief of the poor.
It appears by the proposed plan of Irish Church
Reform, Ministers intend taking between two
and three millions from the Irish Church, and
applying that sum to secular purposes, before
they can possibly have ascertained whether the
remaining property of the Church, if properly
distributed, would more than decently maintain
all the clergy. It is true their plan contemplates
a fund arising from the abolition of sinecure
offices, which is to be applied,. under the autho-
rity of Commissioners, first, to the ordinary
Church cess ; secondly, to the augmentation of
poor livings. But under this regulation it is not
yet possible to know what sum will be available
to the augmentation of poor livings. Now, if any
part of the property of the Church shall be ap-
plied to the purposes of the State before the
whole of the poor livings are adequately aug-
mented, a wrong is done to the Church,. and
the proper incomes of its inferior members are
made the subject of spoliation. But, supposing
all the poor livings reasonably augmented, what
is to become of that hard-working class of clergy-
men, the Curates of the Establishment ? Are
they to be still left to the miserable pittance
of 751. per annum ? If so, as far as they are
concerned will the plan of Church Reform in
Ireland be an equitable one, or a confiscation of
the means of subsistence which they had a right
to claim under a reformed Establishment. Nor
do we observe that the Mini,terial plan for Ire-
land embraces that most important point, the
equalization of the incomes of Bishoprics ; and
the other great point, which would in some
measure be a consequence of the former, the
abolition of the mischievous practice of transla-
tions ;—a practice, indeed, more injurious to the
character and efficiency of the Church than
almost any other abuse—a practice which con

verts, but too often, the Prelates of the Esta

blishment into suppliant courtiers, waiting upon
the smiles of a Minister, when they ought to be
engaged in the duties of the sacred office, in-
stead of fawning on power for a larger portion
of the gifts of Mammon.—Morning Herald.

Last night, in the House of Commons Sir
James Graham was afforded an opportunity of
vindicating his conduct in playing fast and loose
with a distinguished officer, Sir H. Neale, with

respect to the naval command at Portsmouth,

We wish it were in our power to add that the
explanation tendered by the First Lord of the
Admiralty of this extraordinary exertion of his
,ificial power was honourable to himself, or
likely to prove satisfactory to the naval service
or to the country. Sir James Graham admitted

that no order exists pronouncing that a seat in
Parliament and the possession of a naval com-
mand of this description are incompatible, and
insisted that in applying a new rule of his own
making to this particular case he had only exer-
cised that free discretion which it had been the
invariable practice for persons holding the office
which he filled to enjoy. Sir James, in short,
evaded the question altogether. He asserted
the power inherent in his office, which nobody
has disputed, hut said not one word, or none to
the purpose, of the just, candid, or honourable

reeling manifested in its exertion in the case of

Sir H. Ne .le, which is the very thing that is dis-
puted by all the world. It is evident enough
that whenever the First Lord of the Admiralty
may have a friend whom he wishes to appoint
to a good command, and who happens to be a
Member of the House of Commons, he will be

casuist sufficient to find some distinction between
the case of such friend and that of Sir H

Neale. Portsmouth is at a much more conve-

nient distance from the House of Commons

than many of the stations, naval and military,
which Members of that assembly who happen to
be favourites with Sir James and his colleagues
are at this moment permitted to occupy. They
must be blind indeed who do not see through
the whole manceuvre. It suited the Cumberland

Baronet to get the credit, if he could, of appoint-
ing to Portsmouth a naval officer of first-rate

pretensions. But it suited him also that the

appointment should be nugatory, in order that
he might have the opportunity of giving the
substantial and effective appointment to some
political or personal friend of his own of second
or third rate pretensions. The Grey maxims of
Government extend to the Admiralty, where
they are disguised with something more than
the dexterity of Downing-street. This is all.—
Atorning Post.
The West Indians have for many years af-
firmed that they were grossly calumniated and
misrepresented. They constantly demanded a
thorough and searching investigation upon oath
into the actual state of their negroes, and of
society in general in the colonies. The Corn-
tnittee of the House of Peers, from whose
" Minutes of Evidence " we have occasionally
given extracts, was accordingly appointed to
make this investigation ; and, by way of coun-
terpoise, Mr. Buxton obtained an Abolition
Committee of the other House. In the latter

Committee Buxton, Lushington, and Co. had an

,
opportunity of stating tneir part of the case ;
but the Committee report that they were
compelled, by the approaching dissolution of.
Parliament, "to close their labours in an

abrupt and unfinished state ;" before the co-
lonists had been fully heard, or one-tenth
part of their witnesses examined ; and that,

" with some few exceptions, the inquiry has
been confined to the island of Jamaica, and that
the important question of what is due to the

fair and equitable consideration of the interests
of private property' had not been investigated."
The inquiry before the Committee of the House
of Lords was of a more general nature, yet their
Lordships only got through a part of the case of

Jamaica, without having been able to extend
their inquiry to any other colony. " Under these
circumstances, adverting," say they,. " to thead-
vanced period of • the session, and to the pro-
bable arrival of persons of authority from
Jamaica, whose evidence would be most desi-
rable, they have determined to postpone the con-
sideration of any detailed report." The West
Indians having thus hail no opportunity of fully
refut ng the allegations of their adversaries in one
Committee, and the case of one island only
having been partially investigated in either, no
man desirous of promoting fair and substantial
justice can wish that the inquiry should rest where
it is, more particularly as the Earl of Belmore,and
many other persons of the highest character and
respectability, have subsequently arrived from
the colonies—men whose attainments, capability,
and opportunity for investigation, render their
evidence, impartially weighed, worth the testi,.
inony of a thousand half-educated missionaries.
Yet; it will scarcely be believed, the abolition..
ists have plotted to stifle further inquiry, and
are desirous of jumping to a conclusion.. And
why ? Because they are afraid to meet the case
fairly. The West Indians, however, much to
their honour, have demanded that the most
rigid and uncompromising inquiry upon oath
should be continued, conscious that the more
their case is known, the more evident will it
appear that hitherto they have been treated with
the greatest possible injustice; and that the im-
mediate abolition of slavery would be equally
ruinous to the slave, to his master, and to the
country at large. We have heard a good deal
about the flourishing condition of Hayti, and of
the great credit which ought to be given to the
evidence of Admiral Fleming on these subjects.
Without supposing him to be biassed by the cone
tinued influence of his early Cpanish connection,
or by his quarrel with the people of Jamaica, we
shall merely observe that the West Indians have
had no full opportunity of bringing witnesses
to confute his desultory evidence, ranging, as
it does, over not only the West Indies, but also
Hayti, Cuba, Caraccas, and other trans-
atlantic countries. As a specimen, we give
extracts, in another column, from that part which
relates to Hayti, together with extracts from the
evidence upon oath of a respectable gentleman
not connected with our %Vest India Colonies,
whose opportunities for obtaining correct infor-
mation were, it will be seen, superior to those
of the Hon. Admiral; and as Ministers, though
they have discouraged, have not refused the re-
appointment of Committees for further inquiry,
the colonists will have the opportunity to pro-
duce further evidence showing the complete
fallacy of the Admiral's conclusions. In the
meantime, let us see how the assertion regarding
the great industry and prosperity of St. Domingo
is manifested, in a commercial point of view, by
comparison with other tropical countries. We
notice at page 1,076 of the Lords' Report, that
the importation into England of St, Domingo
coffee (its staple production) was, in 1826,
111,000 cwt.; in 1831, on an average of the
three preceding years, it had fallen to 3,716 cwt.
In that year (1131), whilst the value of British
and Irish produce and manufactures exported
to Hayti was 320,0001., the value of the same
articles sent to our own depressed colonies
was as follows, viz.:--To Jamaica, 1,247,0001.;
Barhadoes, and some other of our slave islands,
1,035,0001.; British Guiana and Trinidad,
635,0001.; exclusive of foreign and domestic mer-
chandise. But then, say the abolitionists, the
Haytians trade chiefly with the United States of
America. Let us see how this stands. By the
American Secretary of the Treasury's report of
the trade of the United States for the year end-
ing on the 20th of September, 1831, it appears
that the whole value of the imports from the
flourishing, free-trading Republic of Hayti
was only to the extent of 1,580,578 dollars, and
the exports 1,318,375 dollars; whereas the
American imports from the neighbouring slave
island of Cuba alone amount to 8,371,797

dollars, and the exports to about 5.000,000
dollars. Such is the state of free-labouring in-
dustry in Hayti. The morality of its popula-
tion may be guessed at even from the evidence
of the Hon. Admiral ; and there seems little
reason to doubt that that once flourishing colony
is still, in a great degree, labouring ,‘ under an
odious combination of the darkness, ferocity,
vices, and superstitions of all colours, and all
nations, unredeemed by the virtues of any ;" and
that Mr. Buxton and his coadjutors, if they really
desire to promote the cause of humanity, would
be better employed in endeavouring to suppress
the foreign slave trade than in persevering at-
tempts to re-plunge the British negroes into
their former state of barbarism.—Morning Post.
We alluded yesterday to a communication
from a correspondent in Spain, on the present
state of the unreformed Church of that country.
Our correspondent is a gentleman thoroughly
acquainted with Spanish affairs, and of the

strictest honour and integrity. We this day,
according to promise, lay the communication
before our readers :
" SEVILLE, JAN. 14, 1833.—1 have been at some
pains to ascertain the application and distribution of the

ecclesiastical revenue of this country. When -at Toledo
last spring, to see the festival of Passion Week, I pro-
cured from the Accountant of the Diocesan Treasury a
statement of the distribution of the tithe income, and other
rents of that celebrated see. And I have now got a si-
milar statement for the archbishopric of Seville. Both

accounts agree within a trifle; so you may rely on the
accuracy of the following general information, as appli-
cable to the whole kingdom :
" The Government t4kes 72 per cent. aril a fraction
over, of all tittles and other income, from certain or fixed

sources belonging to the Church. For instAnce, out of
every 100 fanegas, or bushels of tithe grain, the Govern-
ment takes '72 bushels; and of everything else in a si-

milar proportion, which goes direct into the N,tional
Treasury in aid of the public burden, and forms the
largest item in the Ways and Means of the Minister of

Finance, being about twenty-two millions of dollars, or
four and a half millions of pounds sterling.
" The remaining 28 per cent. goes to the church, for
the maintenance of the clergy and building and repairs of
churches.

•' This curtailment of clerical wealth bad its origin in
various periods of State necessity. The Government quota,
stated above in round numbers at 72 per cent., is rendered
in the accounts under several heals or titles; the principal
ones are three— Tercias Reales, Noreno, and Excusada,

so ca'led when first taken or established. For each there

has been a concordat with the Pope, as the head of the
Church. The divisions and sub-divisions of the general
fond to the other participators are too numerous and re

quire more space to explain to you th in I can spare of this
sheet. You shall have them by another convianee.
" There are no Church rates, as in England. The ex•
penses of building and repairs of churches come out of the
tithes, with a priority of all claims, according to the in-•
tention of the primitive donors; and it is the t nly part of
their pious intentions now complied with. The poor, the
principal obj-ct for whose relief tithes were given and be-
queathed by the faithful, are entirely forgotten.
" The people of England are made to believe tbat the
Spanish clergy are the richest in the world, while the
contrary is the fact. The Bishops are reduccd to scanty
incomes, and the inferior dignitaries still lower, in propor
tion to their standing; still they (the Bishops) contrive to
give ex,ensive charities. To be sure they have no families
to support and provide for, like your Bishops in England.
There is no instance, in modern time, of a Spanish Bishop
dying rich, or enriching his relations in his lifetime.
6' In Spain clerical duty is performed with great atten-
tion. All who live by the Church are kept to their posts
—no non-residents ; no pluralists. Not even the highest

I dignitary can absent himself from his spiritual jurisdiction
without special permission from the King, previous to an
application showing sufficient cause. The Archbishop of
Seville, for instance, could not go to Madrid on his private
affairs without such permission. And were he to tarry
beyond a reasonable time, his passport would be sent him
unceremoniously to repair to his church.
" The parochial clergy are hard worked and badly paid.
In every parish churc", there is a sleeping room and other
accommodation for the curate, his clerk, and sexton ; here
he is understood to he found at all hours, day and night,
ready to afford spiritual comfort to the sick. In small
places of hut one parish, the curate is allowed, by suffer-
ance, to have a house of his own to live in ; but it must
he close to the church, the clerk and sexton continuing
in the said church apartment, with a night bell to the
door to call up the curate the instant he is wanted ; and
off he must go without a moment's delay, though it should
rain in torrents. In towns of more than one parish, this
place of call or attendance is in the principal church ;
here the several curates relieve each other by turns of
weekly attendance, one being always present (and all if
necessary, as in times of epidemic sickness) day and night,
like a soldier on guard. The priest, while on duty, is
cilled el cura semanal. This salutary change in ecclesi-
astical discipline, so different from times gone by, is the
effect of public opinion—public opinion, that hs not yet
reached the absolute Court of Madrid. has worked a con-
siderable reform in the Church of Spain, in which, how-
ever, there is still room for amendment.
" I am promised an account of the income of every
Bishop in Spain, which I shall send you as a curious do-
cument, to compare the poverty of these teen with the
wealth of the Prelates of the Church of England. As far
as my information goes at present, I should say that the
Archbishop of Canterbury receives into his private purse,
to do with it as his own,' more than the incomes of the
eight Archbishops of Spain put together: and that each
Bishop of the sinecure Church of Ireland takes, on an
average, to spend at his will and pleasure, as much as ten
Spanish Bishops, while the latter perform laborious duties,
and are obliged to give away in charity every dollar beyond
a moderate subsistence. • I say obliged to give, for were a
Bishop in Spain to hoard money, or divert his income
from its proper object, the relief of the indigent, he could
not show his face in public ; the clamour of the poor, loud
and vehement, would pursue and shame him wherever he
went, even to the foot of the altar.

" A multitude of other charitable funds, besides tithes,
existed in Spain down to a late period ; the donations and
bequests of pious individuals, under various denomina-
'ions, such as alms-houses, hospitals, asylums, schools,
&e., endowed with sufficient rents to support them in
perpetuity. Profligate Princes, from time to time, laid
violent hands on much of this property, and bestowed it
on favourites in reward of the basest services. A vast
deal still remained till the last reign, some thirty years
-go, when the King, Charles IV., or rather the Queen,
who ruled him, made an end of it by sweeping the whole
into one general sale, under the name or title of Obras
Pias. This sale of so much real property produced an
immense sum of ready money, which was soon squandered
by the Queen, Maria Luisa de Bourbon, of dissolute me-
mory. The ostensible motive set forth for this wholesale
robbery of the poor, was to form a sinking fund for the
national debt, paying interest to the various charitable in-
stitutions to which the property belonged ; but with the
real intention to have no sinking fund, and no interest
paid, which secret vow is kept to the present day. Here
ended all permanent relief to t! e poor of Spain, for no
one will now endow a charitable institution that is sure to
tall under the iron grasp of absolute power. I know an
old Spaniard of great wealth, who is unhappy because he
cannot leave his ail for the benefit of the poor, with any
chance of security of their enjoying it.
" You will say that the poor of Spain are plundered
of their patrimony as in England. This is a melancholy
truth, attested by multitudes perishing of want ; there
being no provision by law or usage, the indigent are left
to casual and voluntary charity; and this in a country
without trade or manufactures to give employment to such
as are able and willing to work. The necessary conse-
quence is insecurity of person and property from open
robbery, and all manner of vicious ways to which num-
bers are driven by hunger. The patrimony of the poor,
had it been honestly administered, would he sufficient to
set up every beggar in Spain, if I may use the expression,
a riding in his carriage; so immense have been the gifts
of the faithful for charitable purposes, always including
the tithes, the unquestionable inheritance of the necessi•
taus. Verily the dispensations of Providence puzzle my
weak understanding, when I see the false guardians and
plunderers of this sacred trust walk the world unpunished
to the grave."

It appears then that four millions and a half
sterling are taken from the Church estates of
Spain by the Government, and that out of the
28 per cent. of the tithes, &c., left to the clergy,
the expense of building and repairing ofChurches
is defrayed. It appears further, that the Spanish
Bishops are reduced to scanty incomes, yet that
they still continue to give away much in charity
—that non-residence either on the part of
Bishops or parish clergy is unknown—that there
are no pluralities—and that the parish clergy are
hard worked and badly paid, being obliged to be
in readiness day and night to afford spiritual
comfort to the sick and dying. Our correspon-
dent promises to supply us with an account of
the income of every Bishop in Spain ; but in
the mean time he states his belief, as far as his

information goes, that the Archbishop of Canter-
bury receives alone, to do with it as his own, more
than the incomes of all the eight Archbishops of
Spain ; and that each sinecure Bishop of the
Protestant Church of Ireland receives as much
as ten Spanish Bishops ; while it is an under-
stood tnatter, t hat the incomes of the latter must be
expended chiefly in works of charity. Bishop
Burnet remarked, that he had travelled through
most of the countries of Europe, and that he
had nowhere found a Church so full of abuses
as the Church of England. The abuses of plu-
ralities and non-residence had been corrected, in

the Catholic Church by the Council of Trent.
The Rev. Mr. Townsend, in his " Travels in
Spain," tells us, that during his residence in
Spain (in 1786 and 1787), " all with united
voices bore testimony to the superior virtue of
the Bishops. Indeed, these venerable men,
from all that I could hear, and from what I saw,
in the near approach to which they graciously
admitted me, for purity, for piety, and for zeal,
can never be sufficiently admired." On another
occasion he says, that " the moment a Minister
of the Altar accepts a mitre, he devotes his life
wholly to the duties of his office, confines himself
altogether to his diocese, and is lost to both his
friends and to his family.." So that it would appear
the exemplary conduct of the Bishops i❑ Spain
is of an old date. The Conservatives view a

Church merely as a piece of machinery for dis-
tributing a large share of the property of the
country among the children and connections of
the aristocracy. They are, of course, aware,
that certain religious observances are necessary
to give a title to the property ; but they view the
religious part of the question as quite a secondary
affair- Property, property, is always uppermost
in their minds when they speak of the Church.
Thus, for instance, Mr. Goulburn, on Tuesday
night, " regretted most deeply that the influence
of the Church should be diminished. The first
principle of the measure was the destruction of
more than one-half of the power of the Church.
He could understand why the Noble Lord should
think such and such incomes were too large ; but
why should he wish to withdraw from the Church
their influence and power?" All the influence and
power Church, in the opinion of the Right
Hon. ofGe thent
leman,is the influence and power derived
from the coin:nand of large sums of money. The
means by which a clergy may obtain an influence
over the minds of their flocks by the zealous
discharge of their spiritual duties, never once
enters into his head. Sir Robert Peel, too,
says, " Let us, with the Bishop of Cloyne, ask
ourselves this question—is an Irish
.gentleman
anything the worse that he wears a black coat,
and says his prayers twice a day ? Even in a
civil and
.temporal point of view, is not the re-
sidence of a clergyman a great advantage to any
part of the country in which he may be fixed ?

Most Hon. Members present are perfectly aware
that if tithes were completely relinquished, the
effect would be that the whole of the produce
would be pocketed by the landlord ; but that
surely is not a consummation which any person
sincerely interested in the happiness of the coun-
try would desire to witness; and I am sure I but
speak the sentiments of every friend to the Church
and to religion, when I say that the Protestant
clergyman should be preserved in circumstances
to hold up his head amongst men to whom he is
not inferior in education, manners, or moral worth."
If the whole question was, whether it would be
better that certain estates should be held by men
in black or men in red or blue coats, there might
be some force in this reasoning. But the qnes-
tion is properly, not whether such and such
individuals should be enabled to play the gentle-
men in black coats, but whether the money ex-
pended for this object cannot be expended more
beneficially for the public interest. We take it
for granted, that the ministers of religion are
the servants of the state, that the money paid to
them is public money, and in the expending of
public money we ought to consider the relative
importance of the various objects for which the
public money is required, and in what way these
various objects can be best effected. Now, we
take it that money can always be more profitably
employed than in merely maintaining the mem-
bers of a sinecure Church in their character of
country gentlemen in black coats. But were the
Church not a sinecure one, the object of
keeping it up we take to be the moral and
religious instruction of the people. Now,
as Sir Henry Parnell observed of the civil
servants of the State, the worst way of going to
work to obtain efficient service, was to overpay
men, for that introduced into the service men
who laboured with reluctance, and had expen-
sive habits incompatible with a due discharge
of duty—it may in like manner be affirmed Lhat
the scale of remuneration most likely to obtain
effective and zealous instructors/of the people,
is not that which would enable clergymen to
hold up their heads with the gentry. The
clergy of Germany, for instance, according to
the accounts of all travellers, discharge their
pastoral duties in a most exemplary manner,
and it is no doubt greatly owing to their assi-
duity, that the German peasantry are so distin-
guished for honesty and good conduct. In Sir
Arthur Brook Faulkner 's recently published
" Visit to Germany and the Low Countries, in
the years 1829, 1830, and 1831," we have
some valuable information respecting this matter.
To give an instance from him :—" The clergy
at Marburg (he says) are in the strictest sense a
working clergy. Their allowance from Go-
vernment is partly in corn, and in the casual
profits arising from births, marriages, and fune-
rals. Some have a little glebe land, which
their parishioners volunteer their assistance in
cultivating, out of pure respect and good
feeling. They are perpetually among their
flocks, correcting and training, and guiding,
and, in such unremitting labours of lore,
earn a reputation not the less likely to abide b

them for being the capital on which they must
rely for most of their comforts and happiness.
And it surely is most fitting there should sub-
sist always this reciprocity of feeling and good
offices between the pastor and his charge." The
clergy everywhere throughout Germany receive a
very moderate remuneration ; but we see the
effects of it. In short, we have no hesitation
in saying, that if the Protestant Church of Ire-

land had been as poorly paid as the Protestant
Churches of Germany, it would have been at
this day rooted in the affections of the
people of Ireland, instead of being altogether
without influence. It must appear to most per-
sons strange that the handsome way in which
Government have proceeded with the Pro-
testant Church of Ireland has been lost on the
Conservatives. Why was Mr. O'Connell satis-
fied ? If Mr. O'Connell had thundered against
the Government plan, the Conservatives would
have jumped at it. But that the same thing
should please them and Mr. O'Connell is not to
be expected. Had, in short, Mr. O'Connell wished
to break up the union between the Conservatives
and the Whigs, which certain politicians have been
at such pains to form, he could not have hit upon a
better method than to seem pleased with the Mi-
nisterial plan. We may now expect that the
Conservatives will stir heaven and earth against
it. We acquit Mr. O'Connell of any such Ma-
chiavelian intention, as the wishing to set the
Conservatives and Whigs by the ears ; but what-
ever his intention, the tendency of his support is
to withdraw from Ministers the support of the
Conservatives. To be fore .warned is to be fore-
armed, and he is now fore-warned, so that he
has a sure card to play. We may observe, that
in our article of yesterday, we unintentionally
understated the advantages of the Ministerial
plan, with reference to the public. Last night
the subject was introduced in the House of
Commons :

" Lord STORMONT asked to what purposes the surplus
of the revenues of the Church of Ireland were to be de-
voted ?

"Lord ALTHORP replied, that he considered the sur-
plus revenue applicable to the purposes of the State.
c, Mr. HARLAND inquired whether it was intended to
diminish the number of Irish Bishops in the House of
Lords ?

" Lord ALTHORP answered in the negative."
This is an admission of a most important
principle. It is, no doubt, a sad waste of public
money to give 10,0001. a year to an Archbishop ;
but it is something that a beginning has been
made to cleanse this Augean stable.—Morning
Chronicle.

Many flagrant instances occurred during the
late general election of the unjust and unworthy
practices resorted to by Tory candidates and
their friends to obtain the votes of those depen-
dent on them. Such instances carried with them

the strongest proof of the urgent necessity of the
ballot. But to the credit of London, be it
said, no case of that kind occurred in that city.
We find, however, that the present contest for
the city will not pass over thus untainted. An
instance of threat has already appeared in the
conduct of a Tory towards a voter in his service,
who had promised his vote to the Liberal candi-
date, as unjust and disreputable as can be ima-
gined, and which must reflect indescribable dis-

grace on the Tory cause. The outline of the
case referred to is simply this : the elector spon-
taneously offered his vote to the Committee of
Mr. Alderman Venables. His employers, know-

ing he had a vote, demanded it ior Mr. Lyall :
he informed them he had promised his vote to

the Liberal candidate. He ;vas instantly ordered
to go and retract his promise. He went to the
Committee of the Aiderman, stated the circum-

stance with tears in his eyes, lamenting he was
not allowed to exercise the dictates of his con-

science : lie was ordered to retract his promise,
which order he must obey, as his employment
depended on it. We hope the liberal electors
of London will view with merited indignation
all such attempts at oppression, and will unitedly
come forward and show the illiberal and Tory
interest of the city that the electors are not to be

treated as slaves, subservient to the dictation of
~thers in the exercise of their political franchises.
—Morning Chronicle. - -

Mr. Hume put a question last night on a
most important subject. He wished, he said,
to know if the statement of the death of the
Master of the Report Office was correct, and if
it was intended to fill up the vacant appointment ?
" The emoluments (he said) of this situation amounted
1,5891. Ile. 10d. per annum, which sum was paid out
(if the Court of Chancery. According to a former de-
el/ration of the Noble Lord, all offices, as they fell vacant,
were to be subject to revision ; and he took it for granted
teat this was to be the case in the present instance. He
would venture to throw out a suggestion, that inquiry
s:Jould be made how far it was necessary to fill up the
office at all ; and if necessary, at what reduced salary. It
was of !treat importance that these points should be strictly
attended to in all cases where appointments fell vacant.
At Present, when any situation fell vacant in the colonies,
Or in the army or navy, the first intimation the public ge-
nerally had of it was the appointment of a successor."
He should give notice of a motion on the
subject for a future day. These are the foul
spots on the system of this country. To think
only of individuals being allowed to take nearly
3,0001. a year for doing nsothing, or next to no-
thing, out of the pockets of the people of this
country ! But as Achille Murat observes, in
England a man is paid not for his services but
for his rank—he is a Lord or the brother of a
Lord, and therefore he must be paid as a Lord.
—Morning Chronicle.

air
test
ev
r
at the matte. cofiroci %tile
ie would not etipote i"ced
ut be hops be ?Pie of
by them bee" MY that t
PPrei
MOW when tbed r scu,
L the hands of , P de,
• ,„,g4t ()the;
e Hon. Ilember '4l 'emus,
d be, lost &boat rPplan ar,
ation
