Tire Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from
Paddington, for the better observance of the Lord's Day.
The petitioners complained of the evil which arose from
wages being paid by toasters to their labourers in public
houses. Also a petition from 130 cheesernongere and
grocers of the city of Westminster, to the like effect.
They suggested what appeared to the Right Rev. Prelate
to be wortliy:of some attention, viz., that both parties
transgressing the law on the Sabbath, buyer and seller,
should be fined.

Lord ELLENBOROUGH said, that before they were
called upon to legislate upon the subject, they ought to
know the exact state of the law as it at present existed.
The LORD CHANCELLOR intimated to the Noble
Lord, that there was a Bill for the better observance o•
the Lord's Day, now ip the other House.
The Bishop of LONDON sail that the Committee
appointed by the House of Commons last session had
made their report, which, on being laid upon their
Lordships' table, be had moved should be print-
ed. He did not think that it was at all necessary to
appoint a Committee of their Lordships, as every thing they
could wish to know would he found in that report. The
Right Rev. Prelate then presented similar petitions from
Ilarkqw, St. Botolph, Alderigate, the Scottish Church in
Covent garden, from H immersmith, and the parish of St.
James Westminter. The latter petition requested their
Lordships' attention to the demoralizing effects produced
from the retril sale of spir.tuous liquors on Sunday.
Lord CAWDOR presented a petition from Nairn against
lay patronage in Scotland. Also, a petition from a Baptist
congregation, in Cardigan, for the abolition of slavery.
Eli RODEN presented petitions against the Irish
Church Bill, from various parishes in Mayo, Kerry, and
Cork.

The Bishop of LICHFIELD and COVENTRY pre-
sented petitions from Burton-upon-Trent, and parishes
in 'Warwickshire and Staffordshire, against the Beer Bill.
A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from a parish in
Fife, praying for the sit-ration of the Church patronage
in that county, and for the better observance of the
Sabbath.

Mr. GUEST, Mr. Hume, and other Members of the
1-1 use of Commons, requested their Lordships to furnish
them with a copy of the evidence taken before a Com-
mittee of their Lordships, in 1827, of the fees payable
on private 8,11,
