N D I N..

( From 11w Svplement to the Afalras Gcnrtitatnt Gazette

of:Jidy 30.)

CALCUTTA, JuLY.l3.—We are happy to learn, by letters
received from Prome, that the divsion of the troops of that
place was in comfortable quarters, and only complaining that
no enemy could he found, It is also said that no person can be
discovered who is at all authorised to communicate with us in

the way of negotiation.
The accounts front Prome of the disposition of the Burmese,
and the chances of the prolongation of the war, vary consider-
ably. •
Some letters repesent the belief, in camp, to be, that no
further hostilities will take place ; while others announce that
the last remains of the warriors of the nation were collecting
round Ummerapoora,- and were determined to bury themselves
in the ruins of the place. We know not to which of these ac-
counts most credit is due. The Burmahs may, very probably,
he disposed to negociate, and are yet, very prudently, prepar-
ing for the worst, in case their overtures should be rejected.--,
If a pacific disposition really exist on their part, we hope no
silly punctillio will prevent the reception of their agents.—(Cal-
cotta Harkaru. )
CALCUTTA, JULY 3.—We are sorry to hear that sickness
prevails among our troops at Aracan, to a very considerable
extent; and that several Alma have fallen victims to the
Jungle Fever of that part of the country. The weather had
been particularly sultry, and the copious rains said to prevail
on that coast at this season of the year had not set in with any
regularity. It was hoped that on their appearance salubrity
would be restored. Among the casualties at Aracan are three
medical Gentlemen, Dr. Cochrane, whose death has already
been noticed ; Dr. Chisholm, of the 42d Native Infantry, and
111 r. Jasper 'Wilson. We are sorry to add, that by letters from
Chittagong of the 3d inst. several other medical Officers are
said to be seriously ill. Capt. Swan, of the ship 111`Naghten,
has also fallen a victim to the fever.
Jut. Y 9.-13 y letters from Ramoorpara in Assam, dated June
22, we learn that a detachment of 200 men of the 57th regi-
ment, under Lieutenant Kerr, who has been with the Quarter.
-Master•General's department, at Suddeea, had-attacked a party ,
of Burmese of about 300, just arrived from their own country,
and had completely defeated them. The Burmese were under
the command of the Rajah of Mogaon, and losing a number in
killed and wounded, they made their escape through'the hills
to the eastward of Muniporc. The defeat of this force clears
the valley of Assam of the Burmese, and has had the further
good effect of releasing some thousands of Assamese, who had
been carried away into slavery by the Sing Phos, a tribe inha-
biting the hills to the S. E. of .slunipore.
It is said that the gun-boats dispatched by Commodore
Hayes have succeeded in discovering a new navigable branch
of the river Irrawuddy, which greatly shortens the passage to.
Prome. • '
We understand that his Highness Darmadhu Ramachareee,
who is Itaj•Gooroo to the Rajah of Assam, arrived in Cal-
cutta on Sunday, 3d July. Ile has with him a retinue of 109
-followers. Darmadhu was the person who made over Rung-
pore to Colonel Richards, and who was of so much assistance
in negociating matters in Assam.—(lndia Gazette.)
. CALCUTTA, JULY 7.—Some of the passengers that have
arrived in the Fort William, from Rangoon, passed, on their
way down the Irrawuddy from Promo, the Arracan division of
gun-boats, within two days sail of Prorne. As these boats bad
not been heard of at Rangoon, it was conjectured that they
must have reached the Irrawuddy by the Bassein branch, or
perhaps by the branch which Commodore Hayes supposes to
fall into the bay to the northward of Cape Negrais.
The deposition of an inhabitant of Prome, named Napown,
was taken on the 26th of May. He stated, that he had left
Ave on the 7th of that month : the people were in a state of
consternation at the news of the capture of rrome and Arra-
tan, and the death of the Maim Bundoola. Anarchy pre-
vailed. Banditti were formed. The King remained in his
palace fortifying it. He had summoned nine Chiefs, to bring
1,000 men each from the Shaum Province. Only two had
obeyed the summons, bringing in all about 1,500-men who
titserted daily, at the rate of 40 or 50 a day. Some head offi-
cers had been put in irons for recommending peace. Large
sums of money were offered to soldiers to enlist, but with little
effect. None of the Chiefs from Arracan, Donabew, or Prome,
had dared to appear at Court. The Uttawhon Maungee, from
Arracan, with about 800 men, was at Challa. The Prince of
Sarawuddy, together with the Pleawoon, and Mah-woung.
note, had gone to Mainlah. The Keewoonghee was at Ma.
boon ; Malt Silwah, KlieeOw, and Kacown 80, were at Pat-
nago ; and the Uttia.man, from Prome,' was at Kado, with very
few adherents, most of those who marched from Prome having
dispersed.
Another deposition was made 'by a sepoy of the 3d com-
pany Chittagong Provincial Battalion, named Takeer !Mho-
med, who had been made prisoner by the Burmese. He stated
that the prisoners were distributed among the Chiefs as slaves.
On the arrival (dale news of the capture of Prome, an order
was issued to send these ' slaves in irons to Shaun); but the
Chief', whose slave he was, suffered him to escape, about the
3d of May. On his way to Prome he did not see a single Bur-
mese soldier, except a party of about 300 with the King's bro-
ther, three days march from Prome. He also speaks to the
general consternation on the news of the death of the Bun-
doolalt. The King exclaimed, " I have lost half of my body !"
Preparations were made for abandoning Ummerapoora, in case
the English should approach it. A large boat was constructed
for conveying away the celebrated White Elephant. The King
meant to retreat to a fort in the province of Shaum, 150 or 200
miles from Ava.
The witness says that Mrs. Judson, the American Mission-
ary's wife, was permitted to remain in her house, unmolested ;
but her husband was in a prison in irons. She was permitted,
however, to visit him and to send him food.

lIIUNIPOOR, JUNE 14.

TO COLONEL R. STEVENSON, QUARTER-MASTER-GENE-

RAJ. OF THE ARMY.

SlR—Lieutenant Brown's letter, of the 12th ult. will have
apprised you of my having volunteered to attempt reaching
Munipoor, accompanied by Gumbeer Sing, and a detachment
from his levy.
I have now the honour to inform you, for the information of
his Excellency the Commander in Chief, that the Brigadier-
General Commanding the Eastern Division, having sanctioned
the proposal, I left Sylhet on the 7th ult. accompanied by
Gumbeer Sing, expecting to reach Banskandy by -the direct
route of Goobabgung, Byragie Bazar, &c. but on art iving at the
former village the road was found impracticable from the heavy
rains that had fallen for several preceding days, and it became
necessary to adhere to the left bank of the Barak river, by
which circuitous route we reached Banskandy on the 23d. The
following day was employed in nicking the necessary prepara-
tion for the march, and, on the 25th, the force consisting of
400 muskets, under the personal command or Gumbeer Sing,
crossed the heere Nullah, passed the low swampy ground in
the vicinity of Luckipoor, and after traversing a range of hills,
north of the Barak, encamped on the borders of the forest, west
of the Jeree Nullah.
2. From this-Nullah'Commences the ascent of the numerous
and irregular ranges of hills, extending without a single inter-
val of level ground for eighty miles, to the valley of Al unipoor.
I have the pleasure to annex a list of the • few Niga villages in
this, route, all of which are situated on, or near the most lofty
points of the difFerent ranges, and the various places at which
we landed:—

M. F. rns.
From Bankshandy to Tookrou NuHall . 11 5 89
Jeree Nullah . . 6 7 204
.
Mooktoo ditto . 11" 4 0
. .
Village of Kala Naga . . 2 7 73
Barak Nulla . . 4 4 177
. .
East side of Karnboon . . 7 0 0
Noonglia . . . 6 7 55
. .
Noonjiron Koona . 3 7 5
. .
Hight bank of 'rung Nuilalt . . 4 2 39
Village of Awang Kool . . . 3 2 186
Eryss Nullah . 3 6 0
Village of Noonie . . 3 5 148
Left bank of Eyee . 5 0 163
Valley of Alunipoor • • • 10 2 197
Town and Stockade . 11 0 5 .

Total perambulator distance . . 96 0 11
- 3. Our progress had been considerably retarded by rain, and
on reaching the village of illoonjerion-do on the Ist instant, we
were compelled from the same cause to halt for three days, in
which time the provisions became exhausted, and from that pe-
riod to the day we entered Illunipoor the men had but a scanty
and precarious supply of bad rice, obtained at most exorbitant
rates,,from the Nagas of the iliderent villages through which
we passed. To these deprivations Gumbeer Sing's men, can-
