GREENOCK, MARCH IS.

Minya!) at Port. Glasgow, on the Ltt inst. the.
Urilli4m, Cavir,l3 ELL, from Trinidad, in sz days ;"
the IltNitos, POSTL ETHWAITa. kleanot, Ca,ONE,
tad not begun to load when the Willieva sailed ; a
tmlonqtng to LATntion, THomsort =stet, was'
taking
in Int Clyde, and would be ready.to sail ten
`LP alter the William. The Island was healthy
v7iletv Captain CANtratj,L lay there, and had re.
ctived a great increase of population since the arri.
Val of Governor FULLAR TON.
The Betty, EVANS, from Cork, for Belfast and
Giennock, was drove on shore, on Sunday the 27 ch
dls. about six miles West of the Ross ,of Kirkcud.
bright, in a violent gale of wind. The cargo,
chiefly consisting of porter and bacon, is landed
there, in order to have the vessel repaired, the hull
being considerably damaged.
The tri,s, ANT:a Rsor:, of this port, was wreek.
ed about the 17th ult. on Islay, on ,a voyage front
Zoisboti to Liverpool... Cargo eXpefted to be saved-

DISTRIBUTION 01, PRIZE-MONEY.

the Sloop Cynthia, for the capture of the Favourite,
Oitrierican Flour Ship, will. be paid on Thursday, the :7th
Mr. No. z 3, Clemtuit's Inn.
To the late Slonr Martin, for the capture of the Noodster
Ind Tongs Isabella, a distribution will be paid on Saturday,
the 26th inst. at the Adam arid Eve, York.streer, Weitrnin-
Eq.
Thc Brig Sallimine, for the capture of
the
Regulus French
Privateer, on Thursday, the t7th inst. at the Swan, in Arun.
dthatreet.
A distribution to the undermentioned ships.-who have not
already received their proportions of the prizes expressed
igainst the said ships, when the distributions were made in
the Mediterranean, will be re-called the first and third Thurs.
4r4Y in every month, at the same house ;—P hognix, two Creek
Constantia, and Madona de Idra ; Niger, la Paz
hid !'Emerald Mercury, sixteen prizes; Caroline, Spanish
Settee Nostra Senora de Rosario and Bull Dog Privateer;
and Cameleon, sundries captured between the 24th of Sep.
tember and int of Oetober. :ht, and five Spanish boats.
„_ The Sloop Spitfire, for the recapture of the Defiance, will
Pe paid on Monday, the arst inst. if. the Spitfire is then in
lltioulon, Or on her arrival afterwards, at Torpoint, near Fly.

The following Letter is from as Officer of the
itaixier, dated

";ova Seats zzd lax. tiloz.
" By the Wllletky, which sailed from Bengal
int iith ult. I informed you of my having. volun.
iftred to goon a secret Expedition then fitting out,
the dr.stination of which was at that time a pro.
.folind secret ; but it is so no longer ; and I need
11.tittily observe, that it is to occupy the Island of
Plaeao, situated at the entrance of the river Can.
ton, which the Portagssese, by. the late Treat" of
Peace, • are said to have made over to the French;
'who would; if established there, annoy our China
Trade exceedingly. Our force is composed- of
°le Company of Bengal Artillery, one of 'the
78th Regiment of Highlanders, and five bun.
died Sepoys, embarked in the kid, Dower CasYle,
and iGaitirer Ease Indiamen, and escorted by the
L,TP7141, Captain OSBORNE, and Orphrus, Captain
' tITSTONE. Sir HOME POPHAM accompanied
" to ?eel° Penang, when Admiral RAINIER took
the command, At Penang, the Admiral took all
,
I provisions out, except enough to carry him to
Madras, from whence w'e pushed on to Malacca,
.antl, waited a fortnight, till the two men of war
dined US. We were to stop a few days at Am.,
"Yila, after which •we launch away to the East,
_Ward of all the 'islands', even the Phillipines and
Pete'vt,, ioto, the Pacific Ocean, before crossing
N. • trade for Canton, which will take us at
least .six weeks
" Admiral RAINIER received advice of Peace hay.
g been concluded, before he arrived in Canton

'Rem.- Admiral HOLLO WAY left Town last night
for Portsmouth, *here he is to hoist his Flag as
Assistant Part. Admiral to Lord GARDNia.
Captain ROOltitS, appointed to the Utreth, of 68
guns, hoisted his pendant on boaid that Ship at
t2hathatn on Monday morning.

'InirroLEND socarr of SP. PATRICK.

YESTERDAY the Benevolent Society of St. Patrick
held its Anniversary Meeting at the London 'Ta-
vern. Lord MOIRA presided as the representative
of His Royal Highness the DUKE of CAMBRIDGE,
Earl of TIPPERARY. He was supported by Lord
HUTCHINSON, Lord GRANARD, and many whet
distinguished Noblemen and Gentlemen.

On account of the Call of the House of Commons,
a considerable number were prevented from attend-
ing ; but this unforeseen occurrence did
.not injure
the interests of the Society. The company amounted
to between five and six hundred, and nothing could
exceed the harmony and conviviality that prevailed
during the evening.
When the cloth was removed, Lord MOIRA.
gave—
The KtNes,
TheQuiztr,
The "RI prcz and PAINCZSS of WALES,
The DUKE of YORK and the Army,
The DUKE of CL Alum ce and the Navy,
And several other loyal and Constitutional Toasts.
An excellent Band of Music folloWed up each with an
appropriate Air.—Before giving I The PRINCE of
WALES,' Lord MOIRA observed, that His Royal
Highness, with his usual munificent attention to the
Society, had authorized him to continue his subscrip-
tion for too guineas. His Lordship, after a suitable
preface, in which he intimated that there were zg
children more upon the list than any former year,
gave
The Benevolent Society of St. Patrick: '
Which was drank with three times three. He next
gave

His Royal Highness the DUKE of C AMSR toot, the Presi.
dent,

Which was received with every mark of respeet.

. .
Lord GRANARD said he was convinanded by His
Royal Highness, to express to the Society his deep
regret that he was not able to attend, to person, and
to assure thecompany that no one had its prosperity
more nearly at heart. .
Mr. Alderman Rowcttorr then observed, that
he rose to propose the health of a Noble Lord,
for whom he was sure every one present entertained
the highest admiration and the warmest regard. At
the present crisis there were many to whom the
country would look to with confidence, hat on the
talents and gallantry of this illustrious Commander,
they no doubt in an especial manner relied. His
p,ist viaories were an earnest of his future success.
' After this preface it was scarcely necessary to men.
titan
The Lord Viscount lityreiliNsoN. , •

Lord Hurt:l4lmo N immediately rpse, and begged
leave to express his most humble and sincere thanks
to the worthy Alderman who did him the honour, of
proposing his health ; and if any thing could en-
hance his gratitude on this occasion, it was the very
warm and flattering manner in which the assetnbly
did him the honour of receiving the toast. So far
as his humble. services could be useful to the Empire,
he should be happy in following the example of
his Noble Friend near him (Lord Manta.), in'
calling on his Countrymen and the Empire at large,
in warning them that a restless, an ambitious and
daring foe was at their gates, with menaces of
hostile invasion, and in calling upon them to pre
pare for common defence. The allusion that had
been made to his humble efforts, in the per..
formance of that share of the public duty which
fell to him in Egypt, considerably over.rated his
services. The splendid talents, the unrivalled va.
lour of that gallant General, who lost his life in the
outset of that Campaign, whose loss he so deeply
lamented, and whose plans it only remained for
him to pursue ; and the resistless valour of those
Troops which he had the honour to Command, left
indeed but trivial credit for him to claim. The re-
sult, however, afforded to the British Empire a bril-
liant specimen of what British 'Soldiers could
atchieve. Menaced now as the Country was, at a
moment of imagined Peace, with the return of War ;
threatened as she was with an Enemy at het gates,
he would call upon the spirits of Englishmen—
who inherited from their Ancestors a proud name
for ancient courage and patriotism, in 'resisting
and vanquishing the Enemies of their Country—
and he trusted they would braVely maintain,
in any struggle, the glory of that inheritance,
and hand it down to posterity unsullied.

Colonel Bacwat.t., after a shrift compliment to
Lord Monte, proposed his health, with three times
three.

Lord Motx4 then rose, and addressed the Assem.
bly. His Lordship said, that upon a day and occasion
like the present, it would naturally be expefied that
he should say something on the subject of the Meet-
ing, as,Well to celebrate the Anniversary of a Day
dear to the afeCtions of his Countrymen, as to
investigate the progress of a Benevolent nstitu.
Lion, which had so eminently / thriven under a
general and benevolent proteftion and support.—
But though he wished, of all things, to avoid
every thing like discussioni on political topics,
yet the peculiar circumstances of the times made
it necessary for him to address his Countrymen,
then assembled, because that Assembly would be,
in'some measure, looked to as the representation of
Irish sentiments in this Country. , From their con.
duo and their, opinions, his Countrymen in Ireland
would be apt to take the tone of things ; and he him-
self, as the Chairman and proper 'organ for the ex-
pression of the sentiments of that Society, should
wish to mark, by the most public and emphatical,
expressions of his own sentiments this day,. that
feeling and opinion in which he had no doubt
the Assembly would cordially 'join with him.—
We were menaced by a restless, an .ainbitious,
and a vaunting Enemy, _with nothing less than
Invasion to our Coasts; and Ireland was looked-
to as a ready source of friendly reception for the
invading Troops of France. That the day was not
very remote, when they might have looked with
some degree of confidence for such a reception from
his deluded Countrymen, he would not dispute
but, after all that had since passed in Europe, if-it
were possible that such a delusion should Still pervert
the judgments of any portion of his Countrymen, he
would intreat to know upon what rational grounds
such an intention could -exist. The treatment re-
ceived under French proteEtion, by. the once free, in-
dependent, and gallant Swiss, was a specimen of

*hat Ireland would have to meet In French em.
braces. In short, all their professions of friendship,
of alliance, of prote&ion and independence to the
PeOple of Ireland, were hut other words for subju.
gation, oppression and abjea slavery, like every
other nation which had submitted to the curse
of their pretended friendship. He trusted iliac
those Gentlemen who heard him now and approved
his sentiments, would propagate them with all
their influence among the People of Ireland. In fad,
all that now remained for the permanent security of
every branch of this Empire, was the common union
and mutual support of country to country,
,and
man to man. No man more sincerely depeetated
the calamities of War than-he did ; yet, if neces.
sity should unhappily force us to the confli6t, he
hoped that the audacious foe who should attempt a
landing on our shores, would find that British veins
still glowed with the same blood which vivified the
spirit of our Ancestors ; and British bosoms burned
with the same patriotic ardour that has attuated
them in every period of their annals for the honour
and security of their Country.

Lord Mot R A then gave, The United Kiudom,"
which was received with zealous approbation, and
the greater part of the company sat to a late hour
in the utmost conviviality.
