PORTUGAL.

JA.X. 16.
Sir,—As soon as I perceived that the troops of the
enemy were in full march on the road to Coimbra, and
had obtained your Excellency's permission to follow them,
I advanced with two squadrons of the 10th Cavalry, and
one squadron of the Lancers.
I detached my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Wilkinson,
with four Lancers, to watch their movements, while I was
bringing up these squadrons at a steady trot. This officer
shortly returned. reporting that the whole of their infantry
was formed in columns on the road, and a few skirmishers
on each side of the road opening their fire on his party.
together with some staff officers who bad gone to their
front, led me to heli-ve that they meant to wait our at-
tack. My dispositions having been made, I directed
Li-utenant-Colonel Pessoa, with one of his squadrons and
a half squadron of Lancer., to attack on the main road,
while I took the reserve to the left, with a view to cut off
the retreat from the pine wood in their rear. At this
moment a part of the squadron of the 10th, which had
been sent with the left column, appeared on our left, and
as our movement had already forced the whole of their
infantry on the main road. I directed Major Amarai. the
Brigadier-Major, to take this party on a road which
seemed to lead in a direction which would effectually pre-
vent the e-cape of any troops in that quarter.
The enemy being thus forced on to the main road, I
waited the reserve with the cavalry under the orders of
Lieutenant-Colonel Pessoa, and pushed on at a gallop. The
infantry now broke, and in order to conceal their flight the
Police Cavalry formed across the road, but went about
when we got within 200 yards of them, and rode through
their infantry and baggage, doing as much mischief as our
own troops At this point we found about 100 infantry
still in the main road ; the greater part of d ens had
thrown away their arms, and were }lying in every direc-
tion among the pine trees Here an officer ran up and
present..." a standard. We still continued our pursuit,
though it was somewhat embarrassed by the quantities of
baggag-, and mounted men that we came up to at ev, ry
ire ment. This chase, for I can call it by nn other name,
continued fq- nearly three leagues. My gr at 'abject was
to secure the person of the Brigadier-General command-
ing, by coming in personal contact with him. and another
officer riding by his side. I made them prisoners, and
directed the put suit to be discontinued, we were in pos-
session of the whole of the baggage, and had killed or
taken the greater portion of the infantry, and every
mounted man, with the exception of five or six cavalry
soldiers, and two or three offic-rs, who were better
mounted than the rest. If I could have found four horses
fresh enough to have gone on, I should have likewise taken
these ; but in the condition they were in, I was com-
pelled, though much against my inclination, to suffer them
to escape.
I cannot give too much praise to Lieutenant-Colonel
Pessoa, his officers, and men, for the quick and steady
manner in which every order was executed, as well as to
Captain Don Carlos de Mascarenbas, who commanded the
squadron of Lancers, and to the r fficer wt o c, mmanded
the de-ached party of tl e 10th Cavalry; he returned with
about 30 prisoners. The Adjutant of the 10th, Captain
J,se de Vasconcellos, and my Aide-de-Camp, Lieutenant
Wilkinson, being better mounted than the others, were in
front during the whole pursuit, riding among-t the enemy's
cavalry. To Brigade Major Amarat I am also indebted
for the prompt and exact manner in which he delivered the
orders intrusted to him.

There were likewise several officers of your Excellency's
personal s,aff whom I observed struggling on, anxious to
be among the Prerni,v„
By some mischance, the three squadrons of Lancers,
who had been at Azoia the night before, did not pa•s the
infintry in sufficient time to be with us. This circum-
stance I regret, as I lost the services of the best horses in
the brigade, but 1 am not at all sure they would have been
brought up, as the pace was so great, and in some places
the road so narrow as only to admit the passage in single
file. I have the honour to he, &r., _ _

A. BACON, Brigadier-General.
To his Excellency Marshal Count Saldanha.
P. S.— I cannot omit here mentioning a circumstance
which reflects the highest credit on three Lancers whose
names are in the margin.. Towards the closing of the
pursuit, two infant children were thrown from a mule
into the road ; these men, notwithstanding the temptation
of baggage, which presented itself on all sides, dismounted
—and brought the children beck safe to Levria, where they
were delivered up to the ramb-r, the wif• of a Police Ca•
valry soldier, who had not had time to make her escape.

•~ Antonio da Silva, Charles Sutherland, and Francisco Joze
da Silva Nunei.

BRL SSE L S PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, FEB. Moniteur publishes an
order of the day of the Minister of War which announces
to the army the appointment of General Hurel to the poq
of Chief of the General Staff, and of Colonel Hamesse as
second to him, in the room of Lieutenant-General Cha-
pelle, who is placed at the head of the Military School.
On Friday last the King, in a private udience, pre-
sented the insignia of the order of Leopold to General
Daine, to General Baron Derval de Blargnirs, and to
General Count Vanderrneerin.

---
The ball which took place yesterday evening at the
Palace, was the last and most splendid of the season.
Above 600 persons were present.
The Senate met yesterday, but only appointed the
Committee to examine the projects of law already adopted
by the Chamber of Representatives.
A letter from Antwerp, of Fete. 10, says, " Some time
ago, the commissioners of the sequestration of the pro-
perty of the House of Orange, summoned before the
tribunal of this city the insurance company of Antwerp,
Securitas,' as holding sums that had belonged to
King William, for the amount of the shares which be pos-
sessed in the company. The Court, after hearing the
counsel of both parties, condemned the sotiety to pay all
sums which it has received from King William, which,
together with the profits, will, it is said, make 35,000
fi mns."

CHAMBER OF REPRESENTATIVES, FEB. 10.
The final vote on the budget of the finance department
was the order of the day.
The Commissioner of the King offered an amendment
for increasing the chapter relative to the Pust•office by
8,000 francs. He said that this increase was necessary
for the establishment of new offices for the conveyance of
let era.

M. Dumortier opposed this increase, saving that 14,000
francs more than last year had already been granted under
this be .d.
Tee Minister of Justice supported the amendment, be-
cause our relations with Prussia required an additional ex-
pense, and the benefit to be derived was such as to justify
the addition.
M. Legrelle asked if it could be shown that an in-
creased p,t Sr would t qual an additional expense.
The Commissioner of the King—lf England can cor-
respond directly with Germany by means of Belgium,
instead of the circuitous route ►hrouglr Holland and France,
there is no doubt that the profits will be greatly increased.
M A. Rodenbach said be would not oppose the addi-
tion asked for. . .

Al er a Innz debate the amendment was rejected ; but
when the head of the unforeseen expenses was brought
forward, the King's Commissioner reper►ed his amend-
ment, which, after a long debate, was adop•ed.
T e whole of the budget was then ak; reed to.
The order of the day for to-morrow is the det,are on the
hurry, of the Minister of the Interior.--Brussels Papers,
F: b. 12. _ _ _

VIENNA, FEB 1.--Intell;gence has arrived from Jassy,
by a commercial de-patch, that the Russian troops are be-
ginning to quit that principality, and that the President of
oe Divan, Count Kisl. ff, has set out on his return to
St. This news has excited the most favour-
a, le influence on our exchange, as it affords a convincing
proof that the Russian Government is faithfully fulfilling
the treaties it has made, and has no secret designs upon
the principality, as many persons are inclined to believe.
Out funds would have risen considerably, but for rumours
of ach inge in the French Ministry. It is probable that
steps will now be taken fen the election of ho-podar. through-
out the principalities, which will become the key-stone io
oriental affair., now that all differences relative to the
treaty of Bth ef July are at an end, and that as fir as we
can learn, the Engli,h and French Governments have
detared them-elv-s satisfied with the exp'anations by
Russia and the Pore, and do not intend to offer any
further opposition to the execution of the treaty. Peace
is nevessary to consolidate the Government of the Porte,
as well as that of Greece. A naval war with ei.her of
these Powers would soon be converted into an European
war, the friendly intentions of the Powers towards Greece
would be thwarted, and this unhappy land would again
become a prey to anarchy, from which it has so recently
escaped.
We need now be under no apprehension of any inter-
terruption of peace, but be convinced that the Greek
Government will succeed in happily accompli,hing its
great cialtirttf,ii'praeng Greece in the rank of the civi-
lisedlit-Mns ofrturopi. -The German Ministers met to-
daf. --,7lifirsupposed that -their conferences will now be
mote frequent, and that We titian soon learn something of
tifiirProcCedlngt.-44.11gemetne Zeitung, Feb. 7.
''''l4l.lPicii, F. 3.—Theemihange of couriers between

*nil

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 13, 1834.

In justice not only to Mr. HILL, but to the
Government, some Member in whom that gen-
tleman could place implicit confidence ought to
be added to the Committee of Privileges. With
a few exceptions, the Members are either Tories
or opposed to the Government. Of the former,
we have Sir R. PEEL, Sir E. KNATCHBULL,
Sir H. HARDINGE, Lord G. SOMERSET, Mr.
SHAW ; of the latter, Mr. HumE, Mr. GIL-
LON, Mr. WARBURTON, Mr. GROTE, Mr.
ABERCROMBIE, Mr. ROMILLY, and two
or three more who, we believe, are not very
friendly. Sir F. BURDETT'S vote may be said
to be neutralised by the strong expression of
feeling in the House towards the accused. As
far as we are acquainted with the politics of
Members, there do not appear to be more
than four who are decidedly their supporters.
In case, then, of a division, what fair chance
could they have ? All the Members no doubt
wish to act honourably, but every one knows
what a strong enemy impartiality and justice
have in violent political feeling. Sir ROBERT
PEEL opposed the proposition to place som-
friend of Mr. HILL'S on the Commite
tee, on the plausible ground that he was
not the accused party. Are plaintiff's to be allowed
no counsel, and is a verdict agalnst them of no
importance ? We think on such a point, if on
no other, Lord BRUDENELL would have voted
against the Right Honourable Baronet.

The Committee moved for by Lord ELLEN-
BOROUGH might do something more than
consider the best means of facilitating the ex-
change, division, and enclosure of lands lyiug
in common fields, meadows, and pastures.
There are vast tracts of land in England ca-
pable of improvement, yet from want of culture
nearly totally unproductive. It is only necessary
to refer to most of the extensive commons in
the neighbourhood of London, covered %NW)
furze and brushwood, and scarcely capa-
ble of supporting life in the half-starved
animals that graze on them. Instead of being
a benefit, in their present state, they are rather
a disadvantage to those who have the right of
grazing. Lord ELLENBOROUGH thought the
enclosure of such lands would not repay the
labour in the present price of grain ; but there
is a great difference between enclosing and
breaking up these commons, and rendering them
useful to the tenants, and an ornament to the

adjoining village. There is no scarcity of agri-
cultural labourers ; on the contrary, the su-
perfluous hands are so numerous, that
many able bodied men trust almost to the
parish for support. Instead of employing such
men in labour that is nearly unproductive, or,
in the words of Lord CASTLEREAGH, 44 in
digging holes and filling them up again,"
would it not be much more rational to give
them some work that was beneficial to the com-
munity ? One half the parish funds paid to men
able and willing to work, would be sufficient to
reclaim all the commons in England, and render
them of ten times the value they are at present. The
apathy of country gentlemen, and those who occa-
sionally occupy houses in the country is really asto-
nishing. A little labour in draining, in rooting up
brushwood, and planting trees, would render
these extensive tracts ornamental, and increase
the value of the surrounding property ; whereas
they are now only a retreat for worthless and
dangerous characters and a nuisance to the
neighbourhood. It not unfrequently happens
that citizens who have taken houses on the bor-
ders of these commons have been forced to give
them up on that very account.

We perceive by the Votes of the House of
Commons, that Sir FRANCIS VINCENT ha,:
again announced his intention of bringing for-
ward a Bill to alter and amend the law of libel.
This announcement has not come before its
time, for a more inquisitorial law—one more
fruitful of mischief, more replete with absurdity,
more promptly demanding a thorough, unsparing
revision, never yet disgraced or perplexed the
legislature of any country. Of all our judges,
past or present, not one has ever yet truly de-
fined what libel is. Each puts his own special
interpretation upon it. 'With one, truth ; with
another, falsehood; with a third,anything or every
thing is a libel, just as may happen to jump
with the humour of the moment. Baron BOL-
LAND'S definition is of this last character. He
gives the most magnificent and comprehensive
conception of a libel, of any lawyer on record.
He detects it lurking in every circulating library.
It stares him in the face in every news-
►nan's shop. It lies on the counter at
RIDGWAY'S. It presses the green baize
in the literary salons at MURRAY'S. It
is familiar with the coffee-room at the
Clarendon. In fact, it is here, there, and every
where, wherever book, pamphlet, or newspaper,
is printed, published, sold, or circulated. Is
not thi>4lonstrotts? Was any thilg like this
ever heard, or dreamed of, even in the most
benighted ages of the world? Talk of the
Goths and Vandals ! Can all their united re-
cords furnish any similar instance of legal
al-mirdity ? Talk of the Spanish Inquisition !
Did its despotism ever strike its fangs as wide
and deep into the heart of society, as this
same blessed law of ours has done, and is daily
continuing ro do?
Yet we certainly cannot blame Mr. Baron
BOLLAND for his definition, though he cannot
but perceive that it places him on a 'iery unen-
viable and ridiculous eminence. Whether it

be absurd or not, it is his duty to administer the
law as he finds it. If he cannot comprebent: it,
still he is equally bound to expound iv spirit,
even to the very letter, as correctly as he can.
Accordingly, after (no doubt) much at,entive
meditation on the subject, his Lordship
has discovered that any thing may be con,trued
into a libel which has the slightest reference,
direct or indirect, laudatory or otherwise, to
any person or persons who may choose to con-
sider it such. Upon this showing, no man in
the community is safe, for as all write now a
days, so all are equally liable to the same hazard.
This state of things cannot last. The evil
has reached such an alarming height, and,
thanks to Baron BOLLAND, its absurdity is now
made so generally manifest, that it must work
its own prompt cure. The question was brought
before the House last session ; but owing, we
suppose, to the vast mass of business that
then monopolised the attention of the House, it
was suffered to stand over ; this session, we trust,
it will meet with the treatment proportioned to its
paramount importance, for surely a law like that
of libel, which spreads through so many rami-
fications, deserves to be brought within the pale
of common sense ! It can scarcely he in better
hands than those of sir FRANCIS VINCENT;
still we should prefer seeing it taken up by the
law-officers of the Crown.

Sir R. PEEL presented a petition yesterday
from the parish of St. Paul's, Southampton, in
which the petitioners stated their firm attach-
ment to the Church and liturgy, and prayed
the House not to sanction any measure which
might weaken its efficiency. The Right Hon.
Baronet stated that he cordially concurred in the
prayer of the petition, and added that, " the
Church of England was so rooted in the hearts
of the people, that if any attempt at spoliation
was made, there would be such a manifesta-
tion of public feeling as would at once cause it
to be withdrawn." This is a very superfluous
show of clerical devotedness on the part of the
Right Hon. Baronet. No one entertains any
notion of committing spoliation on the Church.
Reform is all that is required, all that is looked
for, in the Establishment—just that temperate
and seasonable sort of reform, which, by
strengthening its efficiency, may enable it to fix
a stronger hold than ever on the affections of the
community.

The Paris papers of Tuesday do not contain
any news of importance. The intelligence from
Spain was of a dubious character, and partially
affected Spanish Stock, but it eventually re-
covered itself towards the close of the market.
We have been so often deluded with stock-
jobbing reports of the progress of affairs in
the Peninsula, that it were folly to give credence
to the idle rumours of defeats of the QUEEN'S
troops, when we recollect that in every engage-
ment with the rebels the latter were uniformly
defeated, notwithstanding the many " special
accounts" to the contrary.
It was confidently expected in Paris that the

QUEEN REGENT of Spain would very shortly
convoke the Cortes, and leave to their grave
consideration the beat means for regenerating
one of the finest countries in Europe.
The glories of the Carnival almost superseded
the idea of any other business or pleasure in
Paris on Tuesday ; and the settled appearance
of a pacific horison tended still more to influ-
ence the funds.
Baron Mo RTIER set sail from Brest for
Lisbon, on the 9th inst., to act as Minister of
France in that capital. .

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAitis, FEEL 11.
Five per Cents., 105 f. 95c. 75c.
Three per Cents. , 75f. 90c.80c.
National Loan, 105 f 70c.
Bank Actions, 1,727 f 50c.
Rente de Naples, 911. 40c.
Roman Five per Cents., 92.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 9.51 .
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 37%,
Royal Spanish Loan, 72%
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 59%.
Belgian Loan, 1831, Five per Cent., 98.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 30c. ; money, 25f. 30c.
Three months, "paper, 25f. 15c. ; money, 20E 15c.
—Coors Authentique.

Barbadoes papers to the 14th January have
been received this morning. The wishes of the
English Government as to slavery have been
quietly submitted to. Barbadoes and all the neigh-
bouring British islands continue tranquil. The
accounts from Martinique, received at Barbadoes,
state that there had been serious disturbances in
that island ; but the slaves took no part in the
movement. Order had been restored.
" BARBADOES. JAN. 13. —The present year commenced
with the most favourable prospects to the agricultural in-
tere.4 of the island : we have hart seasonable showers
almost every day since the commencement of the year."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DE 4L, FEL Ig.—Wind S. W., moderate.—Arrived the Ad-
miral Moorsom, Moorsom, from Demerara. Remain, the
Colloseum, Stoddart, for China, and the rest of the outward.
bound.

PORTSMOUTH, FEB. 12.—Wind S.W. to W., strong breezes.—
Arrived his Majesty's ship Gannet, from Barbadoes—sailed 15th
ult. Put back, the Upton Castle, Duggan, for Bombay. It
blew a gale last night at S.S.W.
FALMOUTH, FEB. 11.— Wind S.W., light breezes.—Arrived
from London, the Margaret, for Bordeaux and Mauritius.
DOVER, FEB. 12.—Arrived off port the Lord Strangford,
Brown, from Mauritius.
BEAM( HEAD, FEB. 12.—Arrived off port, the Robert
Brandt, Kolmike.
SHOREHAM, FEB. 12.—Arrived off port, the Gil Bias, Oborn,
from Africa.

Cowes, FEB. 12.—Arrived the Vibilia, Watts, from St.
John's, New Brunswick ; and Albion, Brown, from London,
with damage and leaky, having been on shore, bound to
Liverpool.
• POOLE, FEB. 11.—Arrived the Nymph, Tubb, from St. Übes.
TORBAY, FEB. 11.—Arrived the Eugene, Richardson, from
Riga.

BRISTOL, FEB. 12.—Arrived the Pauline Brandt, Simons,
from Archangel. . .

LIVERPOOL, FEB. 11.—Arrived off port the Catherine,
Bibby, from Demerara; Dale, Burlen, from New Orleans;
Belona, Hutchinson, and Herald, Duff, from Savannah ; Mis-
chief, , from the Mediterranean ; and Tagus, Wade, and
Centra, Croft, from Lisbon.

The Peace, Peebles, from Newport to Fisherrow, was driven
on shore near Fort William, 14th ult.—crew and greater part
of the cargo saved.
MILFORD, FEB 11.—The Effort, of North Shields, timber
laden, waterlogged, abandoned, and with loss of sails, &c., was
passed today about half-way between the Sallees and Small
Light, by the Sybil Packet, arrived here.
The Jumna, Pinder, from Bengal, is not arrived off Liverpool
as stated yesterday. _ _ .

The Margaret, of Exeter, from Newfoundland to Porto was
passed on the 29th ult., lat. 45, long. 33, bearing up for Lisbon,
having been struck by a sea which swept the deck and washed
the mate and three men overboard, by the Vibilia, Watts,
arrived at Cowes.
