SPAIN.

MADRID, DEC. 25.----In consequence of the
insurrections in several parts of Navarre, Colonel
D. Alexander O'Donnell, Commandant of the
city of Vittoria, took the precaution (that
the bad example might not be propagated
to some of the parts of the province of
Alava) of. sending a detachment to Sant•i Cruz
de Campezu, an important point on the bor-
ders of the two provinces, though he had only
one battalion, ha\ing marched the other to
Puente. This precaution was not in vain, for,
on the 20th, he learnt that one Crespo, and Do-
minguillo, each with about thirty of the insur-
gents of Navarre, were at Poblaeion and Ber-
nedo, carrying off arms and horses. lie conse-
quently sent a detachment of about 140 men,
chiefly militia, who offered their services, and, in
concert with other detachments, attacked these
rebels. Dominpillo was killed, and five others
taken. There was nothing important from Ar-
ragon. Detachments were marched from Lerida
to reinforce the troops of Arragon ; others are
proceeding by forced•marches from Catalonia for
the same purpose ; some have marched from
Valencia, and, in short, from all parts, even Es-
tremadura. Troops are ordered to Arragon and
Navarre, which proves the exertions of the Go-
vernment. News was received at Vittoria, that
the troops of General Lopez Banos have entirely
beaten the insurgents of Navarre under their
Chief, Ladron.
DEC. SO.—(By, Express.)—The Ministry con-
tinues to contend with success against the plots
of the Jacobins. The Provincial Deputation of
Cadiz has sent another representation to the
Cortes, dated the 21st, the last paragraph of
which we transcribe :

" The Authorities of Cadiz, invoked by the
people, and excited by the sentiments of the
provinces, have decreed (on the 17th of Novem-
ber), that they will no-obey the orders trans-
mitted by the Ministry, which may compromise
public tranquillity. This resolution, neces-
sary for the preservation of the Laws, of the
Constitution, which would cease to have effect
if the public tranquillity were disturbed, will
not be disapproved by the Congress, charged
with the Sovereign duty of defending them. The
Ministry once dismissed and confidence restored,
the province of Cadiz and its Magistrates will
render, as they have always done, their obedience
to the constituted Government without the least
scruple, excepting such as may be inspired by the
fear of seeing the code of their liberty again at-
tacked, the defence of which is the first duty en-
joined by, their oaths."

This representation is signed by Don M.
Javreguy, Jose Sanchez, Intendant, Xavier
Isturitz, Pedro Zuluetta, and Joachim Abrew,
Deputies. (The three lastnamed have just been
chosen Deputies to the Cortes for the next Session.)
Troops are marching into Andalusia, and it is
said that discontent has been mauifested in a
very decisive manner against the Jacobins, who
are the authors of all the disorders which afflict
the country.
The Madrid Gazette of the 30th contains the
official report of Lieut. Colonel Don J. Cruchaga,
dated "Azar°, Dec. 25, giving an account of the
affair he had at Larrainzar against 7 or 8000
Anti-Constitutionalists.

In the Sitting of the Cortes, on the 29th, the
report on the proceedings instituted at Carpe
and Alcaguiz, on the late events of Arragon, was
further read. Numerous arrests have taken
place in the former town.
GERO:tk, DEC. 16.—0 n the 14th, before day-
break, about 400 seditious persons entered this
place, overpowered the principal guard of the
quarters of the cavalry, at the gates, and at-
tacked the guard of the prison to release the
prisoners ; but a subaltern and four soldiers who
were on duty, protected by an iron grate, kept
up a brisk fire, and made them desist from their
enterprise ; at the same time they began to fire
at them through the windows. Some militia as-
sembled. and attacking them on all sides, obliged
them to fly precipitately, so that many leaped
from the wall. The most of those who were
within shewed themselves in the plain, about 150,
and by later accounts there were many more, who
came from different parts, and expected the bell
of the cathedral to be rung, but as they could
not get at the bell, because the ringers did not
open the church, they did not appear. There
was a confusion as if it were the day of judg-
ment : of those who attacked the guard, five
were killed and three taken, two of whom have
been shot to-day. Nine others, who were taken,
are in the prison. No militia-man, or person be-
longing to the city, has suffered.
Up to this moment we do not know who is the
chief of this handful of Anti-Constitutionalists,
who certainly have the vilest ideas or intentions.
Inquiries are making, militia have come from
various parts to reinforce us, and detachments
are sent into the environs to see if there are any
bands of people collected. This city has well
proved its attachment to the system which go-
verns us.

XERES, DEC. 16,—There not having been any
persons attacked- with the fever since the 2d of
this month, the Alunicipality and the Board of
Health proposed to celebrate Te Deurn on the

10th, after which the Quarantine of Observation
will be given.

CORRESPONDENCE FROM SPAIN.

MADRID, DEc. 27.—The permanent Deputa-
tion of the Cortes has received a representation
from the Governor of Pampeluna, in which we
remark the following. passages

" Navarre is inundated with factious malcon-
tents, who have raised the standard of insurrec-
tion. Every night some individuals leave this
place to join them, and if measures be not taken
to exterminate the factious, the insurrection will
become general.
" The troops which form the garrison of this
fortress consider it their duty to make known
to the permanent deputation this state of things,
and also the proclamation of the authorities of
Pampeluna, which will afford matter for serious
reflection.

" Though we apprehend no danger, we consi-
der it indispensible to send more troops to this
province. In the mea❑ time, we proteSt our sin-
cere attachment to the Constitution, and we are
all ready to die rather than permit it to be over-
thrown."

The inhabitants of Valencia, the national mi.
litia, and the troops in garrison in that province,
have addressed an energetic representation to the
Cortes, declaring that they entertain the same
views as Cadiz, Corunna, Carthagena, and Mur-
cia, that is to say, that they are in a state of dis-
obedience to the Government.

A letter frbm Valencia states, that the Consti-
tutional Alcade had been fired upon by three
men, but that the patrol bad succeeded in arrest-
ing them.

Brigadier Dublessel, Colonel of a battalion of
the 2d regiment of the Royal Guard, one of the
most zealous constitutionalists, is appointed Com-
mandant of Ciudad Rodrigo. The same journal
which formerly observed that Moreno, Andilla,
and Albistu were not sufficiently attached to the
new system to entitle them to hold the places to
which they were appointed, now complains of
this change in the situation of Dublessel, be-
cause, as it observes. " there cannot be too many
constitutionals on the steps of the Throne."
Another Letter of the same date.—The most
perfect tranquillity reigns at Madrid. Respect-
ing Cadiz and Seville, the intelligence is of the
best description ; and although the new func-
tionaries have not yet entered on their duties, the
authorities who were guilty, convinced that they
can find support on no side, are ready to give up
their posts. It is added, that two regiments of
Cadiz have made a declaration, by which they
renew their profession of respect for the consti-
tution, and for whatever may be the decision of
the Cortes.—The retirement of two or three
Ministers is still currently talked of, and this
measure in fact would satisfy every body. Some
strong repressive law might then be brought for-
ward against the licentiousness which has been
followed by such unhappy excesses ; but to pass
such a law we require some new men in office.
If the Government make this concession, the
Cortes are disposed to sanction the energetic
measures which cannot fail to produce a salutary
influence on the situation of this country.
DECEMBER 26. Notwithstanding the ap-
pearance of things in Spain, I have no fear
whatever of a civil war, as all the discontent
arises from the discredit of the Ministry ; and
with its change, which is about taking place, all
will again be perfectly tranquil.
CORUNNA, DEC. 22.—This town has again re-
quested the King to remove his Ministers forth-
with ; and as we have hopes that he will do so,
we are all content. General Mina left us some
days ago, agreeably to the orders from the Go-
verfunent. He has been taken ill at Puente
Denme. We are very qniet here.
CADIZ, DEC. 22.—We are acquainted with all
the decisions of the Cortes relative to our affairs,
but they have not produced the slightest sensa-
tion; for we consider ourselves here as not de-
pending in any way on the Government. At
Seville, where the enthusiasm is still greater,
the people have risen in mass to insist on
measures being taken by the authorities to
secure the public against the tortuous pro-
ceedings of the Ministers. In consequence of
this, the Inspector of Artillery and the Inten-
dant have been sent to Cordova to inform Gen.
Moreno Daoiz and Senor Albistu of the state of
fermentation which prevails at Seville. They
are directed to state, that the General and Poli-
tical Chief are ready to surrender their authority
to them, but that if they come to Seville, the
safety of their persons will be endangered. Ex-
traordinary couriers have been dispatched with
new representations to his Majesty and the
Cortes. Notwithstanding this, there is no dis-
order in Andalusia; the people are tranquil, but
at the same time hostile to the Ministry.—The
2d battalion of the regiment de Espana, with its
Chief Fonfreda, who was charged with sending
tack the Baron de Andilla, at its head, returned
to this city the day before yesterday. It is im-
possible to form an idea of the joy and enthusiasm
with which this officer and his men were received.
The bells were rung,' and the town was sponta-
neously illuminated. The troops were harangued
in the Plaza de la Constitucion by the local Au-
thorities.—Our Chamber of Commerce has or-
dered the formation of an Academy of Com-
merce, the course of instruction in which will
commence on the 7th of January next.—There is
not the slightest symptom of contagion at Port
Santa Maria.

ST. SEBISTI.IN, DEC. 31.-1 write to you from
the Guard-house, where I have been on duty
these two days. The insurgents of Navarre
have been attacked a second time by Cruchaga.
On the 26th he completely routed them, killing
50, and making 60 prisoners. They were com-
manded by Villanueva, surnamed El Baunito.—
They will be hunted like wolves, if they conti-
nue to skew themselves. The affair in the night
of the 26th and on the 27th, at Bera, between
Bulda's men and the Custom-house guards, was
very warm. You already know that they were
totally routed, from the note which I requested
one of my friends to write to you. Fifty of our
horse-chas-seurs charged a far more considerable
body of the insurgents. They gave no quarter,
and a great number of horses have fallen into

their hands. The factious are every where dis.
concerted and dispersed. In a fortnight the
business will be all over; but then it will begirt
again, if other measures are not adopted by the
Government. Lopez Banos, who is appointed
to the command of the troops in Navarre, and.
ordered to put down the rebellion, left this place
the day before yesterday. I have not yet received
any letters from Madrid, but I learn that our
Ministers have been well beaten. They have
played their part ill, and if they are not dis-
missed, they will be drive❑ out. But that may
plunge us into a violent crisis, of which indeed I
already perceive the symptoms. It is the French
Ultras, acting in concert with ours, that stir up
the mischiefs. However, we know them well.—
We are on our guard, and they will all be dis.
appointed.

- FROM THE FRENCH FRONTIER, JAN. 1.-The
affairs which have taken place near -US between,
the Spanish troops and the insurgents have beeir.
all to the disadvantage of the latter. Our sani-
tary cordon has not been respected, particularly
by some curates who have tied. to Sarre without;
having performed any- quarantine. Of what im-
portance is the discussing a law on the sanitary
systern, if our
.authorities are to receive, with
open arms, Spaniards, whatever may be the ban-
ners under which they fight ? We are not al-
lowed to go to the Spanish side.on the most ur-
gent business; but these insurgents can take re-
fuge amongst us.
BARCELONA, DEC. 21.—From Madrid to Va.
lencia I travelled in the diligence, but here I was
obliged to stop : this species of conveyance,
which had existed previously as far as Barcelona,
being suspended on account of the epidemic ;
and all conductors of voitures on that route being
subject to quarantine on their return, the price of
every sort of vehicle had become as exorbitant
as almost to amount to a total embargo ou tra-
vellers. I waited for a week, in order to go by
sea to Tarragona, which would have considera-
bly shortened the route; but on the day appoint-
ed for our sailing, the wind becaMe adverse, and
I embraced an opportunity which offered of pro-.
ceeding by land with two military captains, who
were going to join their corps in the neighbour-
hood o Barcelona. In a vehicle, something re-
sembling an English errand cart, called a tartans,
without springs, drawn by two mules, and loaded
with baggage, we jolted at the rate of about 39"
miles a day, and, performing our journey in a
week, anived the day after the cordon had been -
removed, and intercourse with the country gene
rally restored.
REMOVAL OF EXCOMMUNICATION.

This was a joyous event for Barcelona ; but few travellers
yet avail themselves of it to enter the city. My companions,
when we approached within half a league, took a circuitous
route, in order to arrive at their destination, which they might
have reached in half the time by going through the city. Tar-
ragona and other places still refuse to admit persons who have'
had communication with that ill-fated town. On every part of
my route through Spain, I met with striking instances of the
pernicious effects 'of the belief in contagion, as the cause of epi-
demic diseases. Commerce and travelling have been almost
wholly suspended in places distant from, 'as well as in those ad-
jacent to, the focus of the malady. In the city of Valencia,
which has eight gates, four have been constantly kept shut, the
effects of which were to expose all who live in their vicinity, or
have occasion to visit those parts of the city to which they lead;
to the necessity of making long circuits ; whilst, if contagion
did exist, the shutting of those gates could not prevent its
since, during the period that I resided there, I saw no one
questioned who went in by those gates that were open. One
poor fellow, who had the misfortune to be taken ill of a com-
plaint deemed suspicious, was left to perish by the faculty, and
as soon-as .he was dead, was buried in lime. If only half a
dozen persons had been seriously affected with any febrile dis-
ease at one time, consternation would have seized the city, and -
such measures of precaution would have been adopted-as would
infallably, by terror alone,h ave occasioned the deaths ofthousande,
By great goad fortune, however, it happened that Valencia was
this year peculiarly healthy. This province, which is called the
garden of Spain (and most beautiful it is), afforded, under the
French pestilence, famous pillage for Suchet. It is said, that
a few days previous to his being obliged to evacuate it, he seiz:.d
.
as much as 100,000 hard dollars. Its inhabitants are animated,
as indeed are those of all parts of Spain that I have sojourned,
in, with a high spirit of patriotism. The election of Deputies for
the Corces for this year has fallen on twelve of the most affluent,
patriotic, enlightened, and practical men in the province. They
are all pledged not to accept of any place under Government. A si-
milar spirit pervades every part of the kingdom. The public
journals arc perused by all descriptions of persons with aviditY
Before breakfast, the women are to be seen devouring them at
their windows. The political poSition of Spain is uneasy, bat
not perilous. In the actual state of things, there can exist no
confidence between the representatives of the people and the
Ministers of the Crown ; and the executive government is con-
sequently weak. From this state of debility, however, Ido not
observe that those mischievous practical effects, in the shape of
anarchy, will result, on which the French and some anti.Spanieh
journals delight to dwell. In Spain, the well-informed and patri-
otic part of the community impute the impediments to the pro-
' gress of their institutions in the right course chiefly to the in-
trigues of a French faction, whom they consider as busily
employed, both on their own account, and on that of the Holy
Alliance generally, to sow dissension, and to lead to revolution.
Hence, they say, was the cordon of troops placed on the fron-
tiers, under the ridiculous pretest of excluding contagion. It is
by means of French emissaries, principally, that intrignes can
be carried on against the new order of thin:es, either on the fron-
tiers or in the interior of Spain. The people of this. country
are well aware that neither the French Government, nor the
other members of the Holy Alliance, can feel at their ease,
whilst a constitution, founded on true popular representation,
is advancing towards maturity almost in their sight, and that
they will never cease their machinations while there remains
the most slender hope of being able to overthrow it. This is
the contagion against which 30,000 French bayonets arc planted
from Perpignan to Bayonne. But these intrigues, the people
of Spain, being fully upon their guard, and possessing the finest
patriotic spirit, will be easily able to frustrate. They watch
with vigilance, but with moderation, circumspection, and cau-
tion, every passing event. It is expected that a disclosure
will shortly be made in the Cortcs by one of the committees, of
the proceedings of this French faction, of whom General La
Grange, the Ambassador, is considered the chief. The King
and the Ministers are supposed for some time to have been
too much under the influence (worse than pestilential) of this
faction : but the explosion, which is about to take place, will, it
is supposed, purify the political atmosphere of the Escurial.
These external machinations have rendered the people
.01
Spain, perhaps excessively, jealous of any appearance of al-

Lave
dis-
nay.
d I
nth
up

dis.

The
een

eeit_

tni-
Lrly
,out ;
im-

ary

tit
Eall-
al-
ur-

was
tce,

ing
of
ant

AMERICA.

118,
led
n a

ons,

tout
ight
Par-

iave
rt vt
the

nolt
ad-

the

or
end,

gion
iffn•
one,
One

that
izLd
teL
Ted
5 foY

AMERICA,

ent,
hey
Si-

not
e of

in-
say
Poly
ion.

iDg
een
liis

41at 4
WATER AT LONDO
4(i minutes after 3.

THE SUN.

LOLLM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDEAT ?

LONDON,
PRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1822

*itgerteitt upon their rights. internally. Linder tlieir actual
tittinnstances, they do not conceive that they would be justified
teeeiving, as their political chiefs, known intrigiere or inca-
Pii)le persons, whom a set of Ministers, who never enjoyed any
lllttion of their confidence, might choose to send. among them.
CAL, therefore, and other towns, have determined not to re-
Zi'e any new Authorities of this description, until the present
714istens shall have been removed. They do not think it suf-
-4°lent to begin to distrust after they have been betrayed. in
respect, there exists a surprising unanimity throughout the
"Ilinsula. The people of Cadiz and Corunna are likely to be
IPl3erterd and imitated by the other towns and provinces of the
441tgdons. The petitions for the removal of Ministers have
Ilk% so unanimous, that they have even been signed by per-
-1:111high inauthority, whom they had themielves appointed.
'ln this anti-ministerial ferment, although general, has not
411 en rise to any actual disturbances. The patriotismof the
PtOiards is that of a grave, reflecting, cautious, and uncor-
12Pted poople. They will pursue their internal improvements
I°ll‘7, but with steadiness ; and if their regenerated instint-
1141s should be attacked from without, they will rise as one man
to (Wend them. Their militia, provincial and urban, or gene-
altd local, corresponding with the National Guards o f France,
ate Of a most excellent description, consisting for the most
:all of high spirited young men, well dressed, healthy, and f
)11411%41 appearance. This, yeu may rely on it, is a more
.113 t. account of the internal state of Spain than any you will find
to those base vehicles of false intelligence, under a despotic cen-
"4liip, the French Journals. In my next I shall give you
:)Ine idea of the condition of this fine city, in consequence of
:1 -recent pestilence ; and an account of the medico-political
LNllsactions relating to it ; such as you probably meet.
71th in the public journals, or from private correspondents, but
."17 Persons having similar opportunities of information on this
subject. It will still continueinteresting, as great changes are
ek:Peeted to be made by the Cortes in what they call the sa.-
tlt4tY laws, but which are now consideizi by many as deadly

THE PRESIDENT OF TILE UNITED STATES OF

A PROCLAMATION.
1111,-leas, by an Act of the Congress of the Unitcd States, of
the third of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so
.of. the several acts imposing duties on the ships and
l'essels, and on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into
tlle United States, as imposed a discriminating duty of tonnage
b2tweca foreign vessels and vessels of the United States, and
between goods imported into the United States in foreign vessels,
CM vessels of the United States, were repealed, so far as the
E4llle, respected the produce or manufacture of the nation to
vhich such foreign ship or vessel might belong, such repeal to
t4ke effect in favour of any foreign nation whenever the Presi-
tkot of the United States should be satisfied that the discrimi-
nating or countervailing duties of such foreign nation, so far as
they operate to the disadvantage of the United States, have been
abolished;

And whereas satisfactory proof has been received by me,
tinsder date of 11th of May last, that thenceforward all iliscri-
Ziill4ting or countervailing duties of the Dukedom of Olden-
Tjurg' s° far as they might operate to the disadvantage of the
nCS n't3
eti States, should be, and were abolished, upon his High-
e "uke of Oldenburg's being duly certified of a recipro-
cal
the part of the United States :
—°lvl thereferey I, Janus Monroe, President of the United
States °f America, do hereby declare and proclaim, that so
ninicit of the several acts imposing duties on the tonnage of
Lill; and vessels, and of goods, wares, and merchandize,
IrrlPertcd into the United States, as imposed a discriinin-
-41.4'3 duty of tonnage between vessels of the Dukedom of
f)ldelthilrgh and vessels of the United Stites, and between goods
L°Vetted into the United States in vessels of the said Dukedom
n! Oldenburg and vessels of the United States, are repealed, so
far as the same respect the produce or manufacture of the said
D"lt"lem of Oldenburg.
Given under my hand, at the City of Washington, this 22d
day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-one, and the forty-sixth year of
the Independence of the United States.

BY the President,
JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, Sec. of State.

JAMES MONROE.

*ll* For APERTUB, Letter V., sse the Fourth Page.

PRICE OF STOCKS
1.,",,t THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
4PCent. Red. 77 76 Bank Long l9i
er Cent. Cons 76i 7'6i Ann.
India Bonds 778.
d' PePrer Cent* B7 Exelleq. Bills 4 6 pr.
Cent. Navy Ann.lo6illoB Cons. for Opening 77Ali

BRIDGE TO-MORROW,
Evening, 12 minutes after 4.

he French Papers of Tuesday, and various
ot •
Journals, have arrived since our last, from
btch We give extracts in our preceding columns.

txt e call the attention of our readers to an
41) ract from the Vienna Gazette, inserted in
to:ittler part of our Paper, which is intended
tiotilsPr°ve the statements made in a communica-
IN- it"' Odessa, dated December 9., which ap-
ft-44 in the Continental and English Papers a
t1114143's since, respecting the disturbed state of
lishstaotittople, and the application of the Eng-
-41.1d Austrian Embassies to the Turkish Go-
vet
(laii4l"t to repress the excesses that are
't ti/ committed there. " We should not deem
ft,'is letter," say the Editors of the Vienna
, .ett
worthy of notice if it did not ex-
ceed in a remarkable manner, the ordinary
40,e4sure of the lies daily propagated in the
ititS of the East." " We therefore accompany
tet 'with itEMARKS." FACTS would have been
th,t er,. but unfortunately for the Editors of
far flenna Gazette, even their remarks, so
toAle rom tending to prove that Constanti-
the "" in a tranquil state, strongly confirm.
Odessa article, " Sin,lle excesses," they re-

mark, IC GOrnmittscl by rude men of the lolk-est
class of-the populace, are scarcely_ observed in
" so great and populous a city, and in the mil:-
" SENT lIIIIITATED STATE Or THE reorces
" yitxn::." They add, " In order to prevent these,
" however, the Austrian and British Ambassadors
" had required from the Divan a new and stricter
a ordinance, which they obtained.'—These
" single excesses" then were so numerous, so fre-
quently:epeated,and so barbarous and disgusting in
their character, that the representatives cf the
ChristianGovernmeuts in the Ottoman capital which
are said (but untruly as far as regards England) to
be favourable to the views and policy of Turkey,
, felt their interference necessary to repress them.
It would seem, therefore, not that Constantinople
is tranquil, and public order undisturbed, but
that the Editors of the Vienna G azdtc deem
nothing worthy of their notice but the simulta-
neous massacre of thousands, and the utter ex-
. termination of the Creek people. It is need-
less to dwell on the absurd contradictions
of this article. If, however, its statements
had been more consistent, and even if it
had appealed to facts, and referred to dates,
we should not have felt dispoSed to retract the
statement which we made last Saturday, as it
was founded on information received from a
source upon which we have the most perfect re-
liance, of which the Odessa article afforded
strong and satisfactory confirmation. But so far
from feeling our confidence shaken by the Editors
of The Vienna Gazette, we appeal without fear
to their article, for. proof that Constantinople
was, at the date of • the last accounts, in a
very agitated state, and that from the ob-
stinacy, violence, and bigotry of the Turkish
SULTAN, war alone can be the result of
the pending negociation—a. war which, we
confess, we eagerly anticipate, as it will
end the unmitigated slavery of a brave and
ancient people, to whom the civilized world
is indebted for almost every thing that is.
interesting and valuable in literary knowledge.
The Austrian Observer is quite silent respect-
ing the reported accession of the SULTAN
to the Ultimatum, and its non-confirmation
by that official journal has produced a vio-
lent counteraction on the Austrian Funds,
which have again fallen. Letters from Constan-
tinople, of the 11th December, make no mention
of the suicide of the Sultan MAUMOUD, and the
other sanguinary events reported in our Brussels
article to have taken place on the 9th.

There has been another Meeting of Land-
owners, Agriculturists, &c. at Lewes, to con-
sider of the agricultural distress, Mr. DAVIS
GILBERT, M. P. in the Chair. The discussion
was desultory, and in a great measure irrelevant.
The usual complaints respecting taxes and tithes
were gone through ; and a Petition to Parlia-
ment, stating the distress, and praying in general
terms for relief, was adopted. COBBETT dined
after the meeting with the party ; and addressed
them at some length. lie gives the farn els cold
comfort,—assuring them, that, let Parliament do
what it will, wheat, in and after May, 1823, must
come to four shillings a bushel, and remain there.
We agree with him that it is very probable that
wheat will come down to four shillings a bushel ;
but we differ from him in thinking that it must re-
main at that price. Cut off as many taxes as you
please, and give the land rent-free, still four shil-
lings a bushel would not remunerate the farmer,
unless you also abolish poors' rates, and reduce
the price of labour, and of every article of con-
sumption, to a just proportion to= the price of
food. Until, however, a remunerating price for
agricultural produce be at length obtained, the
successive ruin of the farmers, and the consequent
abandonment of the inferior soils, will lead to a
diminution of the gross amount of annual pro-
duce ; and then priccs will rise, through the me-
dium of a partial scarcity. This is inevitable ;
but by the adoption of measures which shall re-
concile the conflicting interests of society, and
render the blessing of abundance to the people
a blessing also to those by whom the abundance
is produced. It is vain to attempt a remedy by
any other means. The conclusion, which is ob-
vious to demonstration, is practically illustrated
by the present scarcity of food in Ireland, and
by the actual tendency to the same state observ-,
able in this and all other thickly populated
countries. Mr. COBBETT evidently does not un-
derstand the whole subject ; or he would not
flatter the farmers with the idea that a reduction
of taxes, &c. can benefit them. The causes
which now sink the price of produce below the
remunerating standard would have the same
effect whatever that standard might be.

The Dublin Papers contain the Addresses from
he Corporation and Citizens of Dublin, and the
[habitants of the Liberties, to the Marquis
WELLESLEY. We insert the former, and the

tord takutenant's answer. both Liza replies
breathe the spirit of conciliation and kindness so
strongly evinced by the KING in his late gra-
cious visit, and which he so earnestly recom-
mended to all in authority under him.—The Ito-
man Catholid iithabita.nts of Dublin have also
voted an Address to his Excellency. At the
meeting at which it was adopted Mr. O'CoN-
NELL alluded to the appointment of Mr. PLUN-
}CET to the office of Attorney,General, and of the
elevation of Mr. BusuE, the Solicitot-General, to
the rank of Chief Justice of the Court of King's
Bench, as au arrangement on the eve of corn,
pletiou.

The answer of the Marquis of WELLESLEY to
the Address of the Farming Society, which we
inserted on Wednesday, appears to have given
much satisfaction in Ireland. There can be no
doubt that the best remedy for the disordered
condition of the Irish peasantry, is their advan-
tageous employment and moral cultivation ; and
we rejoice with our fellow-subjects in the Sister
Kingdom, that ',he new Lord Lieutenant has se
promptly pledged himself to promote the ad-
vancement. of the Agriculture of the country, and
the introduction and encouragement of industriH
ous habits amongst the people. Ireland pos-
sesses ample resources within herself, for in-
suring the comfort, employment, and happiness
of her population, if they be but judiciously cal-
led into action; and we confess, that we ap-
prove much more of that policy which seeks
to secure the general amelioration of the pea-
santry, and of their condition at- home, than
of the scheme of Lord WATERPARK, who has
offered to furnish such of 11s peasantry as will
deliver up plundered arms, a house on his
estate in England rent free, a good mulch cow,
an acre of land rent free, and employment at
10s. per week in perpetuity. We like not the
importation into England, for the purpose of
being settled amongst out well-ordered agricul-
tural labourers, the very men who have stigma-
tized themselves by so many midnight atrocities in
their own country. If every Landowner in the
disturbed districts were to adopt a similar method
of getting rid of the most dangerous characters
on his Irish estates, we should expect to see
Whiteboyism take root on this side the water,
and return us a harvest of blood for the liberality
of the Land-owners who transplanted it, and the
imprudence of the Government by which so
dangerous a measure was permitted. Besides,
the agricultural labourers in England, though
not, thank God! so ferocious as the peasantry in
Ireland, are far from being well employed, or
adequately remunerated for their industry when
they are employed. There are none of them who
have houses and acres of land rent-free, and
milch cows, and protection for life, given to them.
Every Irish insurgent planted amongst them must
throw an English family upon the poor's rates-
Is it right that the patient and peaceable, though
suffering English peasantry, should see comfort
and independence conferred upon strangers, as a
reward for having been engaged in a course of
erimes against which English feeling has hitherto
revolted ? We think not. Lord WATERPAILK
and others will do better to offer a free passage
to New South Wales, or to some other of our
Colonies, as an inducemeiit to their peasantry to
relinquish their criminal pursuits. On the whole,
this latter expedient would be found less expen-
sive than the gift of a cow, and a house and an
acre of land rent free. We are sure that it
would be more wise. In a new country, the
emigrants are too thinly scattered to corrupt and
demoralize each other. Into a country like Eng-
I land we dread the introduction of Whiteboyism
as we dread the introduction of the plague.
