had also satisfactorily accomplished their object and returned
home. The assistance thus afforded, had given perfect satisfac-
tion to all those parties, and would enable them to keep their
manuaeturers in a state of employment. He had seen all these
1 Deputations, and it was imposstble that men could be impressed
:with a more reasonable and correct view of the state in which
they were unfortunately placed, and of the causes which had led
.to their present situation. This being the case, they were not
disposed to undertake more work at present than would en-
able their labourers to subsist, and thus the present over-stocked
state of the market would speedily subside; and in a abort pp-
riod he hoped to see the transactions of Commerce running in
their usual channel, without requiring any further support from
artificial credit. '. He 'really believed, from what he had
heard that day, that a great improvement had already been
effected in the districts to which this relief had been applied.—
Ile did not know what the nature of the arrangements were—no-
body could know but the parties themselves, and it was not pro.
per that any others should know them. But be could state with
confidence to the House, that the Gentlemen composing those de-
putations had expressed the utmost satisfaction at the kindness
and liberality with which they had been treated by the Bank,
and that they felt no difficulty or reluctance in accepting the
accommodation through the Bank. Having stated the bene-
fit which kid already accrued to the menutlicturers from the
operation of the measure, lie should detain the House no longer,
but should be ready to offer any explanation that might here-
after be required. The Right Hon. Gentleman concluded by
moving for leave to bring in a Bill to facilitate the making ad-
vances of money upon goods deposited in the hands of the Go.
vernor and Company of die Bank of England.
Mr. ROBERTSON made a few observations, which were
inaudible.
Mr. J. SMITH expressed his full and entire concurrence in
the measure.
Mr. BARING thought the alteration which had been made
in the law of Merchant and Factor would be productive`-of
great advantage. But notwithstanding this, he had heard no
sufficient reasons assigned for the bringing in a Bill to change
the time of which that alteration should take effect. lie re- ,
grated that any delay should have been permitted when the
Act first passed, but he considered it unnecessary. But when
the measure went to another place, the highest law authority
In the kingdom declared that notice of the change ought
to be given, and on that account the operation of the new
law was delayed until the 1 ith of next October. Ile would
admit that in his opinion,' that scruple was not well founded ;
buying sanctioned such a scruple of conscience, to depart from
it now because they were placed in a situation of distress,
would be acting upon a false principle of Legislation. Neither
did he see the advantage which the Bill now proposed to be
brought in, would give to the Bank. It' any loss occurred to
them from these transactions, which be did apt believe would be
the case, he thought it would be Much better for the Govern.
tnent to undertake to indemnify them. It' his Right Honourable
Friend persisted in pressing the Bill, he should not oppose it ;
but he did think that it would have been more creditable and
honourable to the country, if the law had been left to come
into operation at its appointed time. Before he sat down, lie
wished to say that the measure for affording relief to the
public bud already been
_productive of great advantage, and
that the conduct of the Bank was most praiseworthy. They
had proceeded to act upon the measure with the greatest ra-
pidity, and by consulting the pressing nature of the circum-
stances of those who required relief, they had rendered it
doubly beneficial. He could speak from his own knowledge
to the fact that a decided improvement in confidence and in
the circulation of trade had been visible within the last three
days ; and it could not be doubted that the measure which
the Government bad adopted, aided by the liberal conduct of
the Bank in carrying it into effect, bad produced that gratify.
ing change.
Mr. I'EARSE made a few observations in so low a tone o
voice that scarcely any part of what be said was audible in the
gallery. We understood him to say that to the credit of the
commercial world, the Bank were satisfied that no one applicant
had aliewn a disposition to take unfair advantage of the relief.
—They had all studied how they could take the least possible
quantity of money; they had taken just enough for their hit-
mediate wants and no mere.
Mr. BERNAL said, that cases Might arise in which persona
who held goods which- bad been consigned to them, having
already obtained advances upon such goods from a merchant or
a private banker, would go to the Bank of Eugland and gut a
further sum upon them. ‘Vould it then bo fan to let the bank
come in with a preference over the lien of the other parties ?
He regretted that this law was not allowed to take its course,
and begged to ask the Right lion. Gentleman what had in.
(Weed lum to depart from a principle to which he had agreed.
Mr. lIIISKISSON Gould only, state that it negociatiou hav-
ing taken place between the Noble Lord at the head of his Ma-
jesty's Government and the Right Honourable the Chancellor
ot' the Exchequer with the Governors of the Bank or England,
as to affiirding relief to the country, this was one of the condi.
thins upon winclethey consented to advance money for that pur-
pose. These Gentlemen thought it necessary, acting as trustees
and not as principals, to take care of the interests of those tar
whom they acted ; and they thought they ought to be placed in
the settle situation as the Government under the Commission of
17:11. It then became: his duty to bring in the Bill for giving
effect to such an arrangement. If he understood the Bill which
he framed and brought into the House, no person could under
that Bill obtain advances upon goods without being inpossee-
sion'of the instrument by which they held such goods.Now he
apprehended that if a private hanker or merchant made ad-
vances, they would take care toeltaye that, instrument irrtheir
possession ; and therefore Such a case as the one supposed by
the 110n.,1
einber could not arise. While on his legs lie could
not help congratulating the House upon the general consent—.
'supported by the authority of the Don. Alember for Taunton—
with which it had 'been admitted that the measure recently
adopted by the House had already produced the Most beneficial
results. It had not only enabled our manufacturers to employ
their men, but revived the &Mend upon their customers, who
supplied them with the raw material. Ile considered it Its
not being the least recommendation of this measure that it
avoided throwing an accession of Exchequer bills upon time
market, and the consequent reduction in the value of that
paper, which must have ensued. And he could now state
upon the authority of an Hon. Bank Director, that the ad-
vances were only made ror the usual period of advances upon
bill!' of exchange, which was three months, and that the Bunk
did not expect it would be necessary to extend them beyond
that time.
Mr. ORENFELL thought it moat gratifying for the House
and the country to know from the Honourable Member for
Taunton, and from so many other Honourable Members,
that in the city of London a revival of confidence had taken
place, and which he laid always thought was the only thing
wanting.' Ile alto joined his acknowledgments of the liberty
My and admirable conduct of the Bunk in carrying the melt.
sure into effect.
' Mr. ABERCROAI 1 lir' felt the same gratification which had
been expressed on all hands at the accounts they heard of re-
turning centidence and the relief of•eommercial embarrassment.
'Threughtnit the debate% there had been but one opinion as to
the enimpaird resources of the country, and its escape from the
present temporary difficulties which surrounded it. The cuse
comers of time-country would not be lest by this partial sus-
pension of business, and little or No difference could therefore
arise to our commerce after the storm wax past. He desired to
t ;tress his entire satisfaction at. the firmness of Ministers in
retuising to follow and add to a course of vicious precedents, by
which assistance. was rendered to individuailsoisuitoorfßotlilLpcubbliitet purse. Nothing had been done by any lin
accordance whh his feelings its the determined resistance which
the Government had recently opposed to the clamour by which
they Were mailed on all sides. If they had not etemmed, they
had at least turned the current °fa Must vicious principle.
Mr. W. Sill ITII wished to know in what respect the pre.:
cedent of 17,13 was a bud one, when the measure then adopted
not only afforded tannediute relief, but was rather a gain than
a loss to the public:
Sir 11. PARNELL .aid, he teermed with those who thought
that ministers had al:left most Wisely-..and that the spirit and
principle in which they took their course and maintained it, re-
flected the greatest possible credit upon them.
Mr, BA RING wished to explain, that whet he had said in
regard to the lien line] results already produced by the mea-
sure, was' linfittA to the City of London. There might be
many other places in which severe distress still existed, and he
wished to guard himself against being understood to have im-
plied language to them which might appear like a mockery of
their sufUrings. Ile differed ultogether with his lion. Friend
near him (Mr. Abercromby). So far would the Government
have been from following a vicious precedent in issuing Exche.
quer Bills, that in his opinion they had set a more vicious pre.
cedent in time course they had pursued. lie was glad, however,
that the relief had been afforded by any means ; but if the Mi-
!deters, imitead of resisting the applications which were made
to theme, had efforded relief many fortnight sooner, ny a family
would have been saved who were now lamenting over the wreck
of their tUrtunes.—Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
COM ill ITTEE ob' SUPPL 31.
Upon the motion of Mr. Mae lES, the House went into a
Committee-of Supply, and a vote of 100,0006.. on account, for
the Civil Contingencies or the year, was agreed to.
The Ilouse resumed, and the Report wits ordered to be re.
ceived to-morrow.
The Marine-Mutiny 13111 was read a second time, and ordered
to he committed on Friday.
:AATee
ell
nrol .e. n
the
on isinnent by Hurd Labour in Ireland Bill was read
Chore,!Jr it.:ti tiandie: ONordfie:ltrietle:,enteotebdec%init)iiinettiefilctoo-rrneniEs;onw.d.eniene
Ibree:
the ours of Law and quay
jazt.4,lll}tgellii ifetrtnitnnelinlr—. Iltridoikerieesdottilsb the Bank 44vancese-e-The house adjourned, GB., purlinralteadu.,ye
to

WEST INDIA COLONIES.
PETITION OF THE COLONIAL AGENTS TO THE
HOUSE OF LORDS.

" To the Right Honourable. the Lords, Spiritual and Tempo-
ral," in Parlienient assembled.
" The Petition of the Undersigned' Agent of several of the,
British West India Colonies,
" Humbly Sheweth—That your petitioners have been ap-
pointed by acts of the several West India Colonies to which
their signatures are annexed, their Agents in Great Britainand
Ireland, in which' character, it is especially their duty to solicit
from the Legislature of Great Britain, the same sacred regard
to the rights, privileges, and property of their constituents
in the Colonies as is shewn to the rights, privileges, and pro-
perty of those who are immediately represented in the
.British
Parliament.
" That when grants were originally made to the ancestors of
the constituents of your petitioners, of lands in the Colonic's, an
express condition was appended, that these lands should be
cultivated, and the means of cultivation were presented:-by the
importation of negroes from Africa, obtained by a traffic, which
had long previously established, sanctioned, and encouraged by
British laws.
" Thut the Government of the Mother Country, even re.
Welled and reproved occasional efforts, made by the Colonial
Legislatures, to limit and controul this importation. Relying,
therefore, upon the faith of laws, which thus formally recog-
nised the existence of slaves as property in the West India Co-
lonics, the ancestors of the constituents of your petitioners, with
unhesitating confidence, embarked their capitals, and exerted
,their industry in the cultivation of those Colonies by the labour
Of negro slaves. Acts of Parliament were passed, encouraging
loans to them, from British subjects and foreigners, from which
1 have arisen mortgages on their property, belonging to persons
in this country. Thus fostered and protected by Great Britain,
the cultivation of the West India Colonies made rapid pro.
gress—latge capitals were embarked, and accumulated in this
brancleof commerce—considerable wealth was in return re.
Witted home, anti applied in various other sources anti channels
of INational industry, while a numerous body of able seamen,
reared and
exercised in this, her own domestic, trade, gave to
Britain a,decided pre-eminence in Naval strength.
That".when, at a subsequent period, the British Parliament,
after much hesitation, was 'dosed altogether to abolish her
trade with Africa in slaves, and to render its continuance cri-
minal, the West india Colonies were obedient to a change in
Legislation, the future effects of Which, upon their means of
caltiVation, and of competition with their rivals, in the markets
of Europe, It was not easy to estimate, nor foresee the ex-.
tent and duration of the traffic of foreign nations in the Slave
Trade.
" Although no proof was afforded of the necessity of such
precautions, from the existence of any illegal traffic in slaves,
yet, at the suggestion of de Mother Country, Registry. Bills
were passed by the Legislatures, involving die inhabitants in a
considerable expence, but which have beet; carried into Kau;
deal execution' and haVe fUrnished additional evidence of the'
Sincerity of the Colonists, to as to silence all charges against
them as to these laws being evaded.
"At thaeperiod, however, the views of the British Legisla.
ture, and the object of thaw who were most Mrwarti in urging
the measure, were avowedly limited to the Abolition of the
Slave Trade. No intimation was given of any projected inter-
ference with property, acettited anti established under the solemn
sanction of law—the British Parliament would, as your peti-
tioners are persuaded, hays revolted at the bare suggestion of
wresting from the hands of British subjects, without ample comb
pensation, valuable possessions, which they had purchased and,
paid for under her special authority. Nay, assurances were as-
siduously held out, that a compulsory emunciptition of the slave,
which forms the basis of Colonial property, was not even ilis.
tantly contemplated.
" It was always understood that the Repolittions passed by
the Commons House of Pauliament, in May, 1823, and to which
the concurrence of your Lordships is now asked, contained a dis-
tinct pledge to give effect to measures of melioration; but it was
soon after maintained that they also contained a pledire, on the
part of that House, of emancipation,. unaccompanied by any de.
finite pledge of compensation for injury which property might
sustain in the course of theexperiment; this has naturally pro-
duced great alarm in the Colonies, to which may be attributed
the disinclination ,hewn bytieveral of the Legislatures formally
to adopt the recommendations made to them by his Majesty's
Government.
" Far beyond regulations of melioration in its effects upon
the Colonial Interests, is the object at present pursued by those
who tire. assiduously employed in agitating the public mind in'
this country. The Abolition of the Slave Trade having been •
accomplished, it is now no longer melioration of the condition
of the slaves, but the extinction of slavery itself, which is the
avowed aim coupled, It is true, in ninny instances; with an ad.
mission of the right of the planters to be compensated by the
Legislature for any Nary which may arise front this measure
to their property. Your petitioners apprehend that it is intend.
ed to follow up the resolations before mentioned, by measures
enforcing the compulsory manumission of the , slaves, thus his-
mediately invading the, rights of property, affording serious
anxiety for the independence of the Colonial Legislatures, and
the safety of their kilo* subjects in these Colonies, over whose
it is their duty to watch. -
" Your petitioners are fully convinced, that notwithstanding
it may happen hereafteros it has happened before, that ,'dies
'Creme in opinion shall prevail here, end in the Colonies, as to
the nature of the rneasurea to be adoted.), and, as to the ino.
nie»t for adopting them, there is, nevertheless, unquestionably an
earnest disposition on die part of the Colonists to Meliorate the
condition of their slave population, to add to their temporal coin.
forts, and to pursue such gradual measures, asSliall, by raising
their moral character, encourage industrious habits, and •by
quickening their religious feelings, fit them for the enjoyment
of more extensive civil rights; and your petitioners would
humbly appeal, on their part of the subject, to the zealous mid
liberal cooperation which the Religious Establialiment, provid.
ed by the benevolent protection of his 11110esty,. has tetteived in
the Colonies, since, unquestionably, on this basis may most se-
curely be founded the hopes of further improvement.
Your petitioners, conceiving that the degree to which the
public feeling has been excited on the subject of slavery, and
the call for its early extinction, arises mainly from a miscon.
caption as to the actual condition of the slaves in the British
Colonies, humbly pray, Ow your Lordships will take into
your consideration such information as your Lordships may •
command lions authentic and impartial worms, an. this im-
portant aulrject.
' " And, finally—Yourpetitioners pray, that in the exerciseof the wise and cautious deliberation, which your Lordshipn
always apply to every question affecting the righte of property,
proviaion'inay he made, that, Wither directly, nor indirectly,
the property which the Colonist* hold, under the !function of
laws may be invaded without full compensation.
(Signed) " GEORGE !HOBERT, Agent far Jamaica.
" EORGE CA RRINGTONAgent forltarbadoei.
M
" JAES COL9UIIOUIs.I, Agent forSt.Vineent,
" ANTI/ .
Dominica
N , Nevis, end the Virgin Islands.
BROWE, Agent for Autigua."

LIST OF THE MINORITY
On Mr. Hohhouse's Motion for the Reduction of 10,000 Alen
in the Army Estimate.—Alarch 7.
Althorp, Visct. Heron, Sir R. • Roberts, A. W.
Bernal, Rale, Howard, Hon. If. itickford,
Blake, Sir 1,. Honeywood, W. P. • Tomes,' .1.
.•
Colborne, NAV. R. Ingilhy, SirW. Webb, E.
Corbett, Penton Kemp, T. R. - Sir
Davies, T. 11. Knight, IL. Wood, Alderman
Duncannon, Visct. Ilon.-G. Wyvill,
Denison, 11'..1. Lawley, F. • Wharton, .1.
Dickinson, W. Monek, J.
Ellice, Ed. Ord,. 'W.
Evans, Wm. Poyntz, W.. S.
Oraham, Sir S. Palmer, C. F.
Guise, Sir W. Robinson, Sir O.

TELLER%
1101)110Une c.
.1.
Johnson, Jol.

N ATI ON A r, Soct RTY.—Yestertlay the General
cormeitt6c of the National Society - for the Edneation of the
Poor in the Principles of the Established Church, held their
111ecting at St. Martin's Vestry-rootn. The Bishops of London,
Ely, Bath and Wells, Exeter, Landed', Gloucester, Chester,
;it. David's; Lord Kenyon ; Right lion. Sir John Nichol ; Sir
James Laugham, Hart • Archdeacons Cambridge and Watson;
Rev. Or. Bell, Rev. dr. l)'Oyley, and other Members of the
Committee, were present. The Committee was chiefly occupied
in uniting schools, and making grants of money towards the
erecting, enlarging, and fitting up of school-rooms.

hitt Exo Lot; Y.--Dr. SM.:117;11E1k began last
night a course of Lectures on Craniology, or, as it has been
lately termed, Phrenology. The Doctor appeared with as great
an array of high and low foreheads and craniums as last year,
and developed his system with equal ingenuity ; but, whether
from the want of novelty or the distress of the titnes, he was
not equally well attettd,ql. Without professing any disposition
to admit his conclusions, we willingly allow that the Doctor
brings forward. a great number of amusing or striking facts
and observations in support of his System.

Ai IMICAL: SQCf TY_~g
140NDON.•—• ' .1 YOSOCully
tilt, Mein hers of this Society held their fifty-eighth
The at the London Coffee House, Ludgate-hill. The Secretary,
reported the election of officers for the ensuing year. Dr.
HAISLAIf then delivered the annual oration, In vthich he WAN
frequently cheered by a numerous auditory. The Society dined
together In the evening.
