LISBON AND MADRID PAPERS.

(ARRIVR.D THIS mor.xmo).
MADRID, JUL'(, intelligence from A.r.
fagon,of the 17th and 18th inst. we know that
SUCURT and SEVIMOLI, with a force of 16,000
men, Were retiring through the valley of. Aran,
(Catalonia) in the direetion Of France.
Ott the 18th official intelligence was received at
Saragossa of the evacuation of.. Tortosa by ibe
French it was also known that, the enemy had
blown up Mequinenza, and that he had left rely
few troops in the fortresses of Lerida and Tarra-
gona.

On the 13th July were in Valencia, the cele-
brated Englishmen, TUPPER, Lord BENTINCK,
the Admiral' f the squadron, lIALLownu., Gene-
rals Rocnc; WITTINGHAM, CLINTON, MACKEN-
ZIE, LATORRE SMEST., and the brother of the
General-ill-Chief BENTINCK ; and from. the Gth
Spanish and English troops had not ceased ar-

riving.
We likewise positively know, that Murviedro
ro
of mounted artillery; and that, on the 13th, two"
Spanish divisions Marched from Valencia to cut off
their connnunications and water. They have
-•provisions for two years, but will be obliged to
submit to the laws which the Spanish troops of
the 2d army, who arc those destined to form the
siege, shall dictate to them ; the same *must be
the fate of the garrisons of Denia, Peniscola, and
,On the lfith, an English division left
Valencia. We are Ignorant of its destination. --.•
The-promptitude with which conveyances were
furnished was worthy of admiration. The DUke
DEL PAttoarE remained in Valencia, preparing for
new and interesting operations.
'The Regency of Spain, using the powers given
them by the 6uttcs, fixed upon the land called
'Soto de Roma, situated in Veiga de Granada, to
give to the Great Lord ; the Cartes not only ap-
proved this chOice, but added to it. by including
the land of the Chanehinas, with this .clause, of
its being for:1111:6 and his heirs, according to the
Constitafroo. And Laws.
Mamtiti, JULY 20.—The prisons are filled with
Frenchmen and their partisans. SUCacT has his
head-quarters 'in Caspe. .(This town is on the
Ebro, at equal distances from Saragoza and Tor-
tosa) Gellel'alS MINA and Dun.y) have taken
the French convoy which departed from Zaragoza
for France. -
After our Envoy Extraordinary to the Russian
-Court :.received the oath from the Spanish troops
who succeeded in throwing off the oppressive yoke
of the French, lie addressed them as follo:ft
" who ON day take the Oath of Fidelity to the
Constitotion and . the legitimate Sovereign of our country, I
have chosen to make this day, the 9.4.1 of May, more solemn—
, a day which forms an epoch in our nation's' history, and
which the General and -Extraordinary Cortes have ordered to
be solemnly celebrated 'in all parts of the lingdom.-•---Now
that in a marvellous manner you see yourselves free front the
most shanieful slavery, give Winks t 6; Divine Providence for
having collected pit on the husks of the Neva, under the au-
gust protection of the 'Great A t.x,it:innit, Emperor of ail the
Itus-ias, Liberator of Eurape,who loads you with benefits. You
will again shortly see yourselves upon the Hanks of the Ebro,
fighting fur your_ religion, your country, and your Ki.ng;--
Span:artist. Think of the glory you acquired in the battle of
Baylen,in the defence of Saragossa, Gerona, tiostalricb, Tar-
ragona, and in many other encounters where victory favonrcd
your valour; your Regiment will henceforth be called "
-Emrr.fton ALCXANDER'S REUIMENT ;" preserve for ever the
innumerable benefits which his hand has deigned to 'scatter
among you ; maintain the glory of this name; render it for-
midableto do on returning from Itiegtra-,,..
Hint tiernble : this will be easy
to the Enemy; make hi

M
Arktityrn—t Mailin. Dvs-1 si.isbon, I Mal.
ta,'
1 Cir,ttclibui;b, i 9. 31Vatierfoi'd

4lke MICE OF STC CRS
VIES DAY A i TWELVk
C3n3als ............... .57a Omnima ..................

HIGH WATER. AT LONDONiIItiDGE To.moitnow.
Morniug, 17 atimutes after t). Evcnin, 42 giil.atiafter 9.

TP SUN
0
11.

ni.st7m

LONDON,
SJTUR DJ); 31:P1EN-13ER 4, lius.

_.;~.~

71

i

li

(1

Dispatches have been received from. Sir (.: -.-.01:5g ,
Cowta, dated from oil St. Sebastian's; to rthe •
2Sth inst. On the preceding clay tho. boats of the
squadron attacked and carried- the isliind of Santa
Clara, in the mouth of that Ilarb0111", Nrithotit
much loss, and in the most .gellant stile, the oc•
cupetion of which will prevent co:l:await:MO
with the garrison of St.. Sebastian.
Tlie casualties were, 3 sear en killed, and 2 ('6.
cers and 16 seamen and marines wounded, in tbi;
gallant Pnd useful exploit), by which a.mritiur
•f• '
portent object has been achieved, and the Nl° e
the place, we trust, materially accelerated. Th
loss in the breaching batteries up to the 2Sth) ‘c3s
verrsmall. -
The batteries against that strong fortress oPellet
again on the •26th, and were playing agalest 1
with terrible fury When the dispatches came 0.4.' •i
La 1.
Dispatches have also been received from -'-fi •
iie this
a
W.BENTINCK, AI-hick-will appear in the G z ek... -
•/ . a
evening. We understand they are not of ix ‘e-'
tiraie(riineysn,tditsiln:itnelg, and
ruhiischii:
detail only
thedßrunsnick
themselves. Hussars Partic4P'
some minor °Peri-
r----eco,---- • ckcc
By the arrival of the .Princess Elizabeth p 3
iom Lisbon in 2 w 7 dis, we have:papers fr°to t
De
capital of Portugal to the 3d August, "t'l i';0:
the capital of Spain to •the 28th of JulY, , ~
,:nvaitlyeicrelliastsw.te, hioaluyvre selected all the intelligence 41-1
•1 , of g°";
rerefeardeenrese
nt.oillT:ese SU N
affairs in Catalonia up to the
• dints' •85
communicated through the same me .e ,
the present. After a hips, of a:treeko th ,
0911
only nitcrations which had taken Pl3°ll'the
were ~...........y
were known at Madrid, Welt Os fO-1“”' " 1• .0
e ly torcanit,
former
accounts,. the troops ner" °II
Ai.% illfOrMea
and we
to besiege Tortosa_ which we are n•-•: to
..;„., e the eue" i
bas been evacuated. MrNA was Pur--1'- • .Ifr,
V 11 t‘.1c.,r,,„
' ),„„ 1,0 tti .• >.- i ,A
3.ity in the tut- -' .
,achaoi3 of. ioC1"r", - - • ote' 1
tillat6eSstitLattel:" tilti
convoy, veleti
vate information) had the satisfaction of _ . b
he 1)
his country's wrongs in t
rennees; N li
ukider
retreating ....lequininza hastibleeeni:lldni‘ev:ii:PtbY 'tile
' t
enemy, and the whole artnY •
. 1 thousnO
SL( • .have reason to, believe I,u' ,e . z
HET 1S estimated at only f•Lctee'' •.;
of C 415
men. Even with the strou
I"ia in his- hands, and with so fair a starthst..
the Allies, we venture to indulge in the hope t'es
he wilt find it • very rif 1 •y-thiS N'ille
a
c 1 c•• tto can.
. .., r llosto
force into France, especially as be so ioog •." in,
the course of the Ebro.as to be led i 3") the
Or i
miles s°ll
tenor as far as Cas •about thirty
Case, ,•aje
west from Nileortinenza. By this almost retrQ. a
moveMent he would lose three days inarchiste
..
g places I
space of time which we imagine his necessrY li
eci.
mild but ill spare. At I.,•rida and T' arrogena, th.,-,
Pi ers •
Psi state; few troops had been •
not sure whether we may not understand shalt)
latter-has since been evacuated. . erect
The Cortes, in . • 1 1 i • t deli'
gi auto( e to t le r gi ea • ii
',9 .
have added another territory to his estate 01
de Roma. left. We 31:

the

bez
114
)17


At
air
dis

frt.":nliretliejisl'ad:i,y;
us with a number roc°
to the form of .ternf,itiirstl, further and copious Ext
.11
w oor
fd
isuti:lllidlibia)ujaitraatilgiloie.lutttig)eillii.ss:lsl:l:ey;ll_:le:;lo:s:
1 IP
say that they convey any new ideas, or'ado
jtl
store of information. In truth, there ocrel
appear in print so many columns of opp,:rMil -.
Os
a‘,:s.nit,%lll,3edllisaoatvelitlatiteelyocfopriceadl fii•loltnetiiit,liieenleser.eacillrielf::'o
;once. t er.
aware that Europe is lustily jumbled tog ,11,„b
lariit;itn:inui ssi us :woliptoiel:riss;) c:lcls°,,ti,neo:r)stuisildijeel rietatiblir.).:tht:se, ::eii-i;:iil.:::11}Ilis::::1;:.4D::,
is, concerning ‘vlsoe.. local conditi )11 ti's "IL ' 1,
t. a correct sno%%it.ut,e. pill;
hal:flans tueb‘ieqU:i ,liann. t 11:1`er:11:eleiltIntei°u'id ob by
kni Put:he oste::: St
.' t:
s t:
, ‘ ,ii It:''''
wben they are beaten, we tritst We inay as'' c
tolefrfpniel
people,
p;ieb,ut
they
li(kliespeivaeyn tilt: ingols.tc,irtlciii,tri-c;l:iiibtoy.
.---
all this celerity of Inotion -to that 0'
oar
At all events, we sot endc:lvour to give 0
It 4: the !Wale(
elders as clear a conception of ~,
acquire. This may at least Sat ~0 iit
dire some i
croiible, and with the help 01 w of
(,t3 it tionve 'l'3el.ves can by (119 t: of atteotiic'ethee()liis,4i4ut-cirii.
,g ot,
different two, lead the cwions to ol;•

'state of aTiirs tote expende of stiticl)

lour. Sty It vrtti.ott.r Gllsiet in the geographical

topogrlpilkai etch which we sabmitted yes-
(lay, of the sittiaf ion of the rival Armies, in sofar

we were the.) acquainted ,with the same ; anti it

occur to every One, that a constant. regard

the positions v,:).l..relAtivedist,an&•es allot places
fence our intelligence" (such as it is) is derived,

r the only wan to be enabled to form a proper es-
mate of its value • and authenticity: By' this

. ,
it is at once ascertained that all the state-
►ents in the exinicts of to-clay relate to the
`tench force assembled on the north-western,

na the Bavarian torte on the western fron-
er of Bohemia. alzburgh and Erzeinugh
rangy) peettlinr4r' in this relation to Bohemia,

lila the assemblage of a great force under ST.
ICYR and AUGEREAU (Duke of Castiglione) in
'the latter district, as well as the declaration of the
Bavarian Geneial, WREDE, with respect to the
former, are direct and indubitable demonstrations
of the actual assumption of hostilitesby Austria,
arid of her intention to invade Bavaria. Salzach
`l4 directly in a line between the Allied
. _

bead-quarters atrtague, and the :capital of that
ttlonapartean Kingdom, and notwithstanding
Wain E's assurance, we imagine he will have
"origh to do to protect Munich," even with the
to-operation of. his French ;Allies from , Fran-

With regard to the report from Deal, which we
mentioned yesterday, it has this day received no
confirmation. If it is well founded, it is evident
that it must.refer to a battle between the CROW%
of Sweden, and those French armies
*Lich had been detached acPainst Berlin; and
has no relation to the action near Lowenberg,
in which the enemy claim an advantage—a claim
tilith we hope we yesterday said enough, to prove
to be utterly destitute of truth.
'We trust the favourable report luny turn out to
It !acre authentic • but, in the absence of infor-
mation which can be depended upon, we abstain
ft'm comment—a course generally prudent and
.but particularly so at a time when the
Wind has taught us to expect hourly arrivals of
Packets, to convert speculation into certainty:

A variety of fables are in circulation relative to
a telegraphic dispatch yesterday received at the
Admiralty from Yarmouth, and a meeting of Mi-
histers consequent thereon. There was no such
dispatch, a►Ld no such meeting.

Stocks rose considerably yesterday ; but not
dp much from the effect of the report brought
from the Dutch Coast, as from a great and respect-
house entering the market to purchase to the
4'nount oi R 200,000 in money bargains. This sum
beitlg expended in the 3 per cents reduced, natu-
?ally occasioned the rise, by inspiring an opinion in
the, City, 'that they were in possession of intelli-
Pace which caused them to purchase so largely,
vitae the stocks were low.

"It is one of the peculiar traits in the character of the pre:-
it.nt Naval Administration, that a Um: of balk skip,. with
411,11ral's flag flying (that of Lord AMEGIUI BEAUCLERK),
11°W appointed to cruise, in hopes of encountering an Anuiri-
,i te4frigatoP'Ofornipi Chroittcle).
':. The N6val Critic who does that part of the
Chronicle is, 'Nve fear, •in his dotage, and become
401 arrant Twaddle. it is not more than-six months
ago that he raved and ranted" about the incompe-
teneY of
h,ttlt,the Admiralty for not sending • line-of-
i.ll,l6:tl;lT,ugainst the large Anierican ships,
acne valize, frigates, were to be eonsi-
(goal to I;
hiNmv, e, a
irie( os
mend I
huh to slitor to superannuate
f"
on a pension fOr his former ser-
