FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

At the Court at St. James's, the 12th day of October 1832,
PRESENT,
The KING'S Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
It is thisday ordered by His Majesty in Council, that the Par-
liament, which stands prorogued to Tuesday the sixteenth day
of October instant, be further prorogued to Tuesday the eleventh
day of December next.

WAR-OFFICE, OCTOBER 12.
Ist, or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards—Ensign and
Lieut. E. B. Reyuardson to be Lieutenant and Captain, by pur-
chase, vice Ricketts, who retires, Oct. 12.
10th Regiment of Foot—Lieut. W. Rawlins, from 13th Regi-
ment, to be Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Rannie, pro-
moted, Oct. 12.
13th Foot—Lieut. A. Stewart, from the half-pay of 81th Regi-
ment, to be Lieutenant, vice Rawlins, appointed to the 10th Re-
giment, Oct. 12.
16th Foot—Lieut. A. R. Evans, from the half-pay of 93d Re-
giment, to be Lieutenant, vice' W. Murray, who exchanges,
Oct. 12.
21st Foot—J. B. Guthrie, Gent. to be Second Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Ainslie, promoted, Oct. 12.
27th Foot—Lieut. W. Elliott, from the 45th Regiment, to be
Lieutenant, vice J. S. Lyon, who retires on the half-pay of the
3d Garrison Battalion, Oct. 12.
45th Foot—Lieut. B. E. Stretch, from the half-pay of 3d Gar-
rison Battalion, to be Lieutenant, vice Elliott, appointed to the
27th Regiment, Oct. 12.
60th Foot—Second Lieut. A. Mundy to be First Lieutenant,
by purchase, vice Fitzgerald, who retires; C. W. Jebb, Gent. to
be Second Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Mundy, Oct. 12.
67th Foot.—Gentleman Cadet .S. S. Evans, from the Royal
Unitary College, to be Ensign, without purchase, Oct. 12.
1173 d oot.—Lieut. T. F. Sandeman, from the half-pay, to be
Lieutenant vice J. Coane, who exchanges, receiving the differ-
ence, Oct. 12.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, Ocatql.
Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Captain and Brevet Major C. Gilmour to be Lieut.-Colonel,
vice Wilmot, deceased; Second Captain H. L. Sweeting to be
Captain, vice Gilmour; First Lieut, H. Palliser to be Second
Captain, vice Sweeting ; Second Lieut. H. S. M'Clintoch to be
First Lieutenant, vice Palliser, Sept. 27 ; Quartermaster-Ser.
jeant W. Porter to be Quartermaster, vice M'Coy, deceased,
Sept. 25.
Corps of Royal Engineers.
Major-General Sir 1 rederick William Mulcaster, K. C. H. to
be Colonel. Commandant, vice Sir Alexander Bryce, deceased,
October 5.

WHITEHA LL, October 8.
The Lord Chancellor has appointed Richard Henry Rolls, of
Banbury, in the county of Oxford, Gent. to be a Master Extraor-
dinary in the High Court of Chancery.

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
JOHN WATLING and ROBERT KNIGHT VORLEY,
drysalters, Bread-street-hill.
CHARLES THOMAS, corn-factor, BristoL

BANKRUPTS.
JOHN MOSSMAN, Maulden, Bedfordshire, sheep-dealer, to
surrender Oct. 26, and Nov. 23, at half-past ten, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Williams, Hatton-garden; Whitmore, Austin-
friars, official assignee.
JOSEPH ANKRETT, Walsall, Staffordshire, grocer, Oct.
22, and Nov. 23, at twelve, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
Norton and Chaplin, Gray's Inn-square, London; Hawkins and
Richards, Birmingham.
HENRY DAWES, Birmingham, curry-comb-maker, Oct. 20,
and Nov. Z, at three, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
Clarke, Richards, and Medcalf, Lincoln's-Inn-fields; Tyndall
and Rawlins, Birmingham.
JONAS BENNETTS and NICHOLAS ROBINS, Gunnis-
lake, Cornwall, granite-merchants, Nov. 14, and 23. at eleven.
at Elliott's Hotel, Devonport. Fox, Finsbury Circus; Gilbard
Devonport,

DIVIDENDS.
W. Grant, Jermyn-street, St. James's, Westminster, paper_
Langer, Oct. 20, at twelve, at the Court of Baakruptcy.
S. Shirley, Basiughall-street, Blackwell Hall-factor, Nov. 1,
t ten. at the Court of Bankruptcy.
J. Ritchie, East-lane, Walworth, baker, Nov. 2, at two, at
he Court of Bankruptcy.
C. Scott, St. Andrew's, New Brunswick, merchant, Nov. 6,
t eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
T. Thomas, Osnaburgh-street, Regent's Park, builder, Nov. 3
at

eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
A. 'l'. Edwards, Idol-lane, Tower-street, bricklayer, Nov, 2,
.t half-past two, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
'l'. Wilson, Cambridge, silversmith, Nov. 6, at eleven, at the
Red Lion Inn, Cambridge.
A. M'Loughlan, Bolton-le-Moors, Lancashire, tailor, Nov. 5,
at eleven, at the Bridge Inn, Bolton-le-Moors.
J. Wilday, Birmingham, hotel-keeper, Nov. 3, at twelve, at
the New Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
S. George, sen. and S. George, jun. Bristol, sugar-refiners,
Nov. 8, at one, at the Commercial Rooms, Bristol.
J. Crampton, Kirkoswald, Cumberland, paper-manufacturer,
Nov. 9, at eleven, at the office of Mr. J. Jameson, Pcnrith.
W. Robinson, Harley Castle, Kirkby Stephen, Westmoreland,
butcher, Nov. f.r. at eleven, at the King's Arms Inn, Kirkby
Stephen.
CERTIFICATES—Nov. '2.

H. W. Danson, Bristol, merchant.
W. Hodges, George-street, Portland-place, painter and glazier.
R. Chalener, King's-row, Pentonville, brick' iyer.
J. Blake, New-road, Hammersmith, market gardener.
G. Shipman, Guildford-street, Russell-square, apothecary.
T. Walker, Burslem, Stafibrdshire, ironiounder.
H. Watson, Crown-court, Walworth-road, tea-dealer.
J. Haworth, Burnley, Lancashire, ironmonger.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED

J. Robinson and W. Hepworth, Shaw, Crompton, Lanca-
aire, cotton-spinners.
J. Dobson, jun., J. and W. Dobson, Selby, Yorkshire,
:eneral merchants.
J. and J. Brooker, sen. and jun., Cambridge, carvers.
W. Mortimer ande J. G. Wilson, Bristol, surgeons.
S. Bettison and M. Cox, Cheltenham, coal-merchants.
W. Fort, M. Fort, and I'. Fort, Marlborough-place, Kenning-
ton-Cross, cheesemongers, as far as regards the said M. Fort.
M. A. Reid and A. Cros: Poland.street, Westminster, milliners.
G. Abraham and M. Lebrecht, Speldhurst-street, Judd-street,
Brunswick-square, tailors.
A. and A. George, Reading, common-carriers.
J. and T. Griffiths, Foley-street, Marylebone, carriage-lamp
makers.

1). Tilackeray and Co., Walton, Liverpool, brewers.
(I. T. Eglin and Co., Crosthwaite Mill, Kendal, paper.manu.
facturers.

SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
JAMES FRASER and Son, tea-merchants, Glasgow, and
JAMES FRASER, tea-merchant, there, sole partner of said
Company, as an individual, Oct. 16, and 30, at twelve, at the
Royal Tavern, Glasgow.
JOHN MALCOLM merchant, Glasgow, Oct. 16, and 31, at
two, at the Royal Exchange Coffee-house, Glasgow.
GEORGE REID, merchant, Glasgow, Oct. 15, and 30, at two,
at the Eagle Inn,
Glasgow.

THE SPANISH NOVELISTS.—No nation
in Europe affords finer materials for fiction than Spain.
The antiquities of the country—the beauty of its scenery
—the character of its inhabitants—the peculiarity of its
manners and the luxury of its climate, all render it the
fitting abode of Romance, the very name of which is
almost identified with Spain. The writers of this country
are, therefore, among the choicest of those who have
adopted fiction for the display of their genius ; and the
interesting specimens of genuine Spanish Novelists in the
forthcoming volumes of Mr. Roscoe, will attract the
attention of all reAders—those who seek merely for amuse-
ment, and those who like to study the various aspects of
mankind, as influenced by custom and country.

•
It was said of an extremely unlucky man, that
if he were to fall upon his back he would be sure to break
his WIC.

On Sunday evening last this island was visited with one
of the most violent storms ever known within the memory
of any of its oldest inhabitants. It blew a perfect burl i.
cane from the south-west. The whole firmament glowed
with lightning, and peals of thunder followed each other
every moment, in terrific succession. This convulsive
rage of the elements continued, without intermission,
throughout the night, and at five o'clock on Monday morn.
ing, the merchant vessel William, bound from Halifax to
London, with a cargo of timber and rum, was discovered
by the coast guard, drifted upon a reef of rocks at the
back of the island, near a place called Atherfield
At this time the sea was running mountains high, while
its furious surges were breaking in upon the vessel from
all sides. The individuals on board, seventeen in number,
including the Captain, mate, and two passengers, gave
themselves up as lost; for there appeared no earthly hope
that they could possibly escape a watery grave, every mo-
ment, nay, every second, bringing with it a roaring power
of water that threatened to sweep them into the deep!—
Meanwhile shots were fired over their heads, to apprise
them that some experiments of danger were to be made
from the shore, with a view of rescuing them from de-
struction. Captain Manhy's plan of discharging a mortar,
with a rope connected with it, was tried twice, but failed in
both instances; upon the first attempt the shot struck the
stern of the vessel, and upon the second it entered ber aide ;
of course no rope was conveyed to the unhappy men, who
were thus upon the very brink of being plunged into the
foaming abyss! At this dreadful moment, when coolness and
self-possession were to be preserved in the very midst of
mental agony, a rocket rolled over the head of a seaman
on the jib-boom, and, mistaking the object of it, he ex-
claimed " Well, if this a'rnt a pretty business ! Isn't it
enough for us to have storm, thunder, and lightning, but
we must be fired at into the bargain by them 'ere coast
blockade chaps?" The poor fellow, however, was soon
convinced that this discharge was the harbinger of safety
both to himself and every person on board. The rocket
carried with it a rope, which, falling upon deck, was re-
garded with feelings of joy and gratitude to Divine Pro-
vidence, such as words would in vain attempt to describe.
This rope was at once made fast to the ship, while three
others were drawn in a parallel communication with it
the shore: a boat was then placed upon them, and in a
very few minutes the whole party of the wreck elided on to
terra firma, amidst the reiterated cheers of all who behe'd
their miraculous escape. But if 17 human beings have
thus been preserved to their country, their friends, and so-
ciety, let it never be forgot ten that, under thg Great Dis-
penser of all human events, they owe their lives to an in-
habitant of Newport (Mr. Darnett), wbo has had the
merit of devising and bringing to practical perfection a
plan which gives him the strongest claims upon the grati-
tude of humanity, and entitles him to the most liberal sup
port of the people of England. Endeavours are now
making to get the cargo on shore; and an agent from
Lloyd's attends for the purpose of seeing what can be done.
It requires all his vigilance, and that of the coast guard, to
look after the number of plunderers who are lurking about
in every direction for the purpose of playing the same part
as their Cornish brethren.

It is rumoured that nine vessels, under the
sole command of Lieutenants, are immediately to be com-
missioned for the coast of Africa, for the prevention of
slavery.—Plymouth Journal.

CHOLERA IN CLEVELAND.—We regret to
state that the Asiatic cholera broke out last week at Hut-
ton Rudby, a manufacturing village, near Stokesley. A
linen-weaver, just returned from Newcastle-on-Tyne, was
attacked with this dreadful malady, and in a few hours
was a corpse: instead of immediate interment, the body
was washed, laid out in due form, and kept till next day,
numerous persons being admitted to the room where it
was. Up to Sunday night,lhere were, we hear, seven
deaths ; among them three out of four of the family of
Catch-i:side, who kept a publiellionse, the fourth being
in a state of extreme danger. On breaking into Ole bouie,
which was not opened as usual, the master and mistress
were found dead, one near the fire, the other in the passage.
Mr. PALMER, the surgeon of the village, was another
victim : we understand there were sixteen cases in all up
to that time. Hutton Rudby is one of the dirtiest villages
imaginable; and its inhabitants, generally, very dissolute.
At Stokesley, the greatest precautions were taken to pre-
vent any communication with the infected village, con-
stables, &c., being stationed at the various entrances
to the town. We do not hear of any fresh cases
at Stockton or Hartlepool.—Leeds Intelligencer.

THE ORIGIN OF TITHES IN ENGLAND.
" About this time (A. D. 855) ETHELWOLF conferred a
donation on the clergy, for which they had been contend-
ing for several ages. The Jewish Law, which bestowed
on the Levites the tenth of the produce of the land, wa•
regarded by the clergy as obligatory on Christians ; and,
notwithstanding the obvious absurdity of this application
of the law of MOSES, they were inclined to extend it to
a tenth of all merchandise, industry, wages of labourers,
and pay of soldiers. They preached with great warmth
and sincerity this indispensable duty; but the interests of
the laity bad hitherto been too powerful for their eloquence.
At length ETHELWOLF granted their request; and the
states of the kingdom consented to the establishment of
tithes. The English, doubtless, imagined that this bene.
volence would procure them the protection of Heaven
against the Danes. This way the epocha of clerical opu•
lence in England.—Abbe de Milot's Elements of En-
glish History.

A PERILOUS SITUATION.—A correspond-
ent of The Rochester Observer relates the following ac
count of a wonderful escape from almost certain destruc-
tion .—" Mr. Editor—l had just arrived at the Falls of
Niagara, when a canal boat was discovered to be floating
down the centre, probably two miles above the cataract.
It was soon discovered that there were persons on board,
who gave evidence of distress and alarm. The facts, as
obtained by the writer from two of the persons on board,
were very nearly as follows :—The boat belonged to the
Welland canal, and received freight from the Canada shore,
two or three miles above the Falls, and was towed up b,
a horse on the shore. The master of the boat, Captain
CooN, was sick on board, and entirely unable to take
charge of her. The management was entrusted to anethei
man, a boy of seventeen years old, and a young woman
of the same age. From some deficiency in attaching flu
tow-rope to the horse, it gave way, when the boat was
about three miles above the Falls. They soon discovered
that they were not only floating fast from the shore, but
rapidly downwards. Tt.ey could not reach bottom with
their setting poles, and had no means of making a suc-
cessful effort to reach the shore. Consternation seized the
crew as they saw on the one hand the American shore, at
the distance of two miles, and on the other the C triads
shore, at the distance of one mile, fast receding ; and a
mile and a half below they saw the smoke of the dreadful
cataract, which they of one accord had now concluded
would form their common grave. All was excitement—
nothing was done, nor could be done with hopes of suc-
cess ; till at last the man,—the only efficient band in thi
management of the boat,—concluded to make one exertior.
to save himself, plunged overboard, and swam for the
Canada shore, one mile distant, taking a diagonal course
downwards, hoping to land above the Falls. He was dis
covered from the shore, and at the great risk of the dis-
coverer was taken from the river just at the breaking of
the water. After he left the boat, the boy and the young
woman concluded to make one more effort, which they did
by raising a sail, hoping that the almost imperceptible
breeze might float them so far towards the American shore
as to land them on Goat Island. Their mast consisted of
their setting pole set into the stove pipe, to which they
attached blankets for sails. They floated so far towards
the American shore that they were taken from the boat
by six men who ventured in a small boat to their relief,
although they were so near the Falls that the water had
become very rough. The boat passed on the American
side of Goat Island, on the rocks, in the rapids, just above
the Falls, where it remained when the writer left, on
Wednesday. The whole circumstances as related by the
young man are most deeply interesting and affecting, and
although too deeply affected when he told the story nex,
day, to give a connected chain of the event, yet he mani
fested during the transaction, a presence of mind in erect
ing sails, closing windows, &c., which would have been
creditable to riper years, and no doubt saved them from
the destruction that awaited them below. The boat had
a horse on board, which they forced over-board during
the time of their greatest peril, hoping
he would read:the Canada shore, but the poor animal made his grave .
the vortex belew.".../Yew York Commercial Advartsur.

Affairs.
M. Humann (Member of the Chamber of Deputies),
Minister of Finance.
M. Thiers (Member of the Chamber of Deputies),
nister of the Interior.
M. Guint (Deputy), Minister of Public Instruction.
M. Barthe (Deputy), Keeper of the Seals, and Admi-
nistrator of Ecclesiastical Affairs.
M. de Rieny remains Minister of the Marine—and M.
d'Argout of Commerce.
In addition to this nomination of Ministers, the Moni-
tor contains other ordinances by which the Chambers are
convoked for the 19th of November, and Baron Lewis,
and M. Girod de l'Ain, are cre ited Peers of France.
The latter is also appointed President of the Council of
State (a tribunal resembling that into which our Privy
Council resolves itself to hear appeals).
THE MINISTRY.
(From the National.)
Behold, at last, the Doctrinaires in power ! Three of
the new Minis era belong decidedly to that party, and M.
Thiers has assumed their mask to come in with them.
M. Guizot and M. Thiers counselled and enforced the
adoption of the measure of the state of the siege for Paris,
although 24 hours had elapsed since order had been com-
pletely restored ; and Messrs. Soult, d'Argout, Itigny,
and Barthe, participated in that violation of the Charter,
by affixing their names to the ordinance.
Thus will six Ministers out of eight have to answer for
the coup d'etat as their own work in the discussion of the
Address. This is all as it should be. The respective
positions will be better seen—the Chamber will find itself
placed in presence of its real adversaries, and the country
will see to whose hands its destinies are intrusted at a mo-
ment when the Holy Alliance deems it. expedient to put
an end to the long mystification to whic:2 we have e"
timely submitted, and no longer even takes the trouble of
concealing its intentions.

(From the Temps.)
Eleven o'clock at night'
Every thing appears to have been concluded ; the
country is to be set at defiance; the most unpopular names
will probably be proclaimed to-morrow by the Moniteur.
The direction of public affairs is about to be entirely con-
tided to men who have so often endangered the safety of
the country by their deplorable counsels. Those who
advised the state of siege are now joined to those who
ordered it to be carried into execution with so cruel an
emulation. They have coalesced to justify from the tri-
bune the military instructions, the preventive arrest (ar-
rest on suspicion) of literary men, and the retro-activity
stigmatized by a decision of the Supreme Court ; they
come to vindicate before the representatives of the nation
the attempt against their inviolability, by an essay of a
31st May in petto upon three Deputies, against whom the
Court discovered no charge to warrant a prosecution.
The Journal des Debats, the organ of the Doctri-
naires, and their isolated defender, again called out yester-
day morning for the immediate convocation of the Cham-
bers. We think, like our contemporary, that the safety of
France depends upon that measure. Let them dare to
convoke the Chamber ! We await them at that grand
trial, which will be productive of a Ministry in harmony
with the wishes of the country, or, perhaps, a revolution,
according as Royalty thinks proper to yield or resist.
It would be exceedingly painful ior us, and we would sin-
cerely regret, to see a dynasty so young in its existence,
the offspring of a source so noble, disown the principle to
which it owes its creation, and repudiate and cast off its
popular origin for a deceitful legitimacy. Who then, we
ask, would dare to hesitate between the King and the
country ? But every hope has not entirely vanished. The
King has con-ented, but not yet signed. A game in which
a Crown is at stake deserves, at least, 21 hours' conside-
ration ere the derisive trick be played. In one night,
therefore, what a field for reflection presents itself to the
imagination ! We know the Sovereign likes to consult
his family under such ominous circumstances. Let hint
hearken to the voice of that pious Queen, yet se moved
with high and recet.t misfortunes; let him consult his
sister, whose strong and exalted mind so well understands
the fa•ality of revolutions; let him call on the young
Prince, the hope of his throne, to repeat the lively com-
plaints of the people he lately visited, and he will, no
doubt, hesitate to cast that firebrand amid parties now ar-
rayed against each other. But if, contrary to all the dic-
tates of wisdom and expostulations of prudence, the advo-
cates of arbitrary measures shall have obtained the upper
hand in the Monarch's Councils, wo be to them !—wo
be to us all, who perceive the abyss of civil discord ready
to open again under our feet !
(From the Courier Fr•ancais of Thursday.)
Since last evening the Ministerial thermometer has un-
dergone many variations. The Doctrinaires had again
been set aside, on account of M. de Broglie's haughtiness
and exigence. He went so far as to say that he repre-
sented two inseparable persons, himself an I M. Guizot,
and that neither would enter the Ministry without the
other
After breaking off with the Doctrinaires, the former
Ministers had determined on meeting the Chambers as
well as they could, by taking in an orator or two to plead
their cause. In this combination it was only necessary to
find a substitute for M. Sebastiani, who voluntarily
retired. M. d'Argout was to have taken charge of the
portfeuille of Foreign Affairs, and to be replaced in the
commercial department by M. Thiers. It was hoped that
a reconciliation might be effected between M. de Monte-
livet and Marshal Soult, but this was found impossible.
The altercation they had had together was of so warm and
so serious a nature, that they could not well form part of
the same Cabinet. DI. Montalivet, being the younger,
was obliged to yield ; but every attempt to bring him to
make any advance towards a reconciliation proved ineffec-
tual.

The difficulty of finding a substitute for that Minister—.
not, as may be supposed, on account of his talents and
capacity, but because there is little inducement to enter
a Ministry so completely lost in public opinion—that
dif-
ficulty, we understand, has brought about a new change,
and overtures were again made in the afternoon of yester-
day to the Doctrinaires. At first, Messrs. de Broglie
and Ilutnann consented to enter the Cabinet without M.
Guizot; and M. de Rigny promised to withdraw the re-
signation he had offered for the second time. Such was
the state of things at six o'clock yesterday evening ; but
Loan,
ed; orid9
since then the Doctrinaries manoeuvred and managed
n
matters so skilfully that M. Guizot was admitted into the
new Ministerial structure, and M. de Rigny was prevailed
upon to remain.
The definitive list of the Ministers was, in consequence,
shortly afterwards presented to the King, who already
knew and approved of its composition.
The combination to which we refer, however incredi-
ble it may appear to some, does not surprise us, because,
from the moment when the Doctrinaires came forward,
we predicted their success, and gave our reasons for it.
We now possess the patriarch of the doctrine ; we have
the advisers of the state of siege ; and in order to ensure
their concurrence in the consolidation of the repre-
sentative Government, so well understood since the
charte vjrit6, we have at the head of the Council
the man who gave us already the measure of his respect
for Constitutional principles, in his instructions on the
state of siege of Paris, Lyons, and Grenoble. On that
account, do the friends of that Cabinet smile when you
speak to them of a majority in the Chambers. They care
much, indeed, about the majority. They are strong, they
say " they know how to bring to a sense of its duties a
Chamber that would dare oppose them." Pitiful brava-
does, by which no man is affected. The Chamber will come
and compel the Government to carry into effect the condi-
tions of the Charter—to strengthen that Charter so vio-
lently shaken by the attempt of the 7th of June. It will
grant its confidence to none but Ministers opposed to vio-
lence, coup d'etat, and to a Camarilla Government.
Since there are men to be found who volunteer to renew
all the follies of the restoration, a Chamber will also be
found to resist them, and devise measures which the wis-
dom of a nation deserving of a better treatment will suggest.
The Constitutionnel only says—" We learn with a deep
feeling of pain and terror that the Doctrinaires have just
gained over public opinion one of those victories which
ever prove fatal to the conquerors."
FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, OCT. 11.—Five per Cents., 96f. 95f.
95c. 96f, 95f. 93c. 96f. 95f. 95c.90c. 93c. 90c. ; Fourper Cents., 80f.
50c ; Three per Cents., 68f. 67t 93c. 85c.
,90c. 80c. Sc. 3 90c. 95c.
.200 t. Exchange on London,
three months, money, 2.5 f. 65f.
utta;.:.2lk,o;{,.ti.,,,,ciet'li,olrs;e7sas,,Aus6lr,t;y7Bll.9%.;ad;listsß,?p,Aelatl,pgeir,ldasi
Spanish
4 ; Jan. and Feb. ; Sept• 41;
91,
Loan,
Naples,
85c.77 8978 °l7;
if.c.3 °;;1C. Route "'Caitlia:e; ealt
one month, money, 15f 80c.;

(From the Morning Herald Private Correspondent.)
PARIS, THURSDAY, OCT. 11.

The die has at length been cast. After midnight, that
is about half-past 12 o'clock, a.m., of this 1 1 th October,
1832, the King signed certain Royal ordonnances, by
which a Ministry is constructed for France. The new ap-
pointments are, Marshal Soult, President of the Giuncit ;
the Duc de Broglie, Minister for Foreign Ail-tits; 31.
Thiers, Minister of the Interior ; AI. Hurnann, of Fi•
nance ; and M. Guizot, of Public Instruction; MM.
Bastin, D'Argout, Rad De Rigny, retain respectively the

tiepartments iif Justice, Commerce, and Public Works.
M. Barthe has added to his Keepership of the Seals a por-
tion of the business hitherto transacted at the Ministry of
Psubl:e instruction—namely, the administration of Reg-
gloats 'Worship. To the Ministry of Public Instruction is
added, however, the administration or management of the
Institute, the Libraries, and the Garden of Plants. The
Minister of Public Works is in future to discharge the
duties of the administration of the National Guards of the
kingdom. The cause of the separation of the administra-
tion of Ecclesiastical Affairs from that of Public Instruc-
tion is that to give the control of Religious Worship to M.
Gu:zot, who is a Protestant, might occasion, or prove a
pretext for assumed uneasiness on the pirt of the Citholic
clergy. The control and management of the Institute, the
Musrams, and Libraries, have been very properly given to
tto-.: Minister of Public Instruction ; the Personnel of the
National Guards being a portion of the administration of
t:nat institution which is regarded as civil, was not in-
compatible with the duties of the Minister of the Inte-
rior ; but its transfer to the Ministry of Public Works has
been only to lighten the weight of business in the former,
and to make up for the deficiency of employment in the
latter, which has been created by the removal of other
matters from its jurisdiction. •
By the construction of the Ministry, as above detailed,
the King will be seen to have thrown himself upon the
Gu,zoot and the De Breglies, and their parties, thus reali-
zing the predictions of parties referred to in my letters of
yesterday and Tuesday. He did it, however, not at the
11th, but at past the 12th hour, for up to that moment,
hopes were entertained of being able to form a less unpo-
pular Cabinet. The recourse to them as a pro oiler, will
have given to the _Doctrinaires a confidence and an import..
ance they would not have otherwise pretended to. They may
be said, in fact, to have triumphed over the King. To suit
them,and perhaps also to propitiate Sault, M.de Montalivet
has retired on the place which you long since knew was to
have been created for him in such an emergency—the in-
tendancy of the Civil List. It is true that M. Guizat has
not replaced him in the Interior ; but the retirement of
M. de Montalivet was necessary—if on no other ground—
in order to make room for an additional Doctrinaire, as
well as because of his being regarded by them as their de-
cided foe. They feared he might upset them, whenever
it should please him (on account of his influence with the
King), were be remain a member of the Cabinet. Out
of the Cabinet though he be, he will yet do them that fa-
vour, whenever it shall be made manifest that they can he
dispensed with. This, of course, means, that he will
cause their dismissal at his pleasure, supposing that they
will have maintained themselves in office, or that he shall
continue to possess such power, after the lapse of any con.
piderable period. Other occurrences are, however, possi-
ble; such, for example, as the defeat of the Ministry in
the Chamber, which would crush the Doctrinaires and
the Camarillo alike. On this subject enough for the
present.

Other ordonnances, to be found also in the Monitcur of
this day, create Baron Louis and M. Girod de l'Ain Peers
of France. General Scbastiani refused that dignity, wish-
ing to remain among the Deputies until the rumoured
impeachment of himself and his late colleagues shall have
been disposed of or abandoned. The elevation of M. Gi-
rod de l'Ain to the Peerage was desirable for two reasons.
Be would have failed in his proposed attempt to lie re-
elected President of the Chamber of Deputies, and it makes
room for a Doctrinaire candidate—M. Royer Collard
himself in all probability.
This is all of speculation, with which I feel it necessary
to trouble you to-day. Now for fact.
The tone of the Opposition Press on the subject is this
day more decided than ever. It is not my purpose to re-
capitulate their arguments and observations you will, no
doubt, give them in their own words. All concur, as you
will perceive, in believing it to be impossible for the new
Cabinet to maintain itself; but I feel bound to observe
that, up to this day, the affair of the Ministry was little
attended to by the public in general ; that the capability
of whatever party may he in power to secure a majority in
the Chamber is notorious; that many of the moderate even
of those Deputies who disapproved of " the state of siege"
will, from fear of the consequences of assisting a cote gauche
Ministry to defeat their opponents, support the actual Ca-
binet. The overthrow of the latter is not, therefore, so
certain as it appears to the Liberaux. The impression on
Change is to this effect, but accompanied by a fear, in
which it is impossible not to participate, that very serious
and very lamentable scenes may arise out of the state of
excitement into which the capital will be thrown at the
locating of the Chambers. From all that has been writ-
ten and said on this subject, you require no additional
reasons for that apprehension. I shall add, nevertheless,
and notwithstanding the hurry of the moment, that the
unusually frequent visits of General Pajol to the Palace
are viewed by the alarmists as indicating that strong mili-
tary measures for Paris occupy Government seriously.
General Pajol, as you know, is the Commandant of the
first military division, of which Paris is the chief place,
and has, in that capacity, the direction of the whole mi-
litary force c mprised within it. Hitherto Rijn! Pas con-
trived to keep himself tolerably free from interference in
emerstes and broils; but the season approaches when the
person holding his present office must act, and with vigonr.
Perhaps, after all, Pajol's audiences of the Kirg relate
only to his being destined to take a command in some
foreign war; and certainly he has in Europe few equals
as a cavalry officer ; but the timid here apprehend that
the field of operations in which his exertions are likely to
be required, is nearer home. Je n'en sais lien—but I
think with those who believe that the impending collision
will be a fearful and a decisive one. This consideration
has prevented the success of a slight rally made by the
speculators for the rise just now at the Baurse.

(From the Times Private Correspondent.)
Paris, Thursday, 5 o'clock p.m.
The Ministerial arrangemen's have been completed
much sooner than it was expected that they wou'd be,
and are officially announced in this clty's Moniteur. It
was not without surprise that the public learnt this morn-
ing the admission into the Cabinet of the doctrinaires,
with whom the negotiation had failed last week, and
against whom, therefore, the door of the Cabinet
was considered as having been entirely closed. The
arrangement has been brought about by the great and very
active exertions of M. Thiers, whose name the new Ad-
ministration ought properly to bear. You will perceive
that the Prefectures and the control of the National Guards
have been removed from the dependence of the Ministry of
the Interior, to which M. Thiers has been appointed,
whereby that office loses a great portion of its authority
and importance, and is reduced nearly to a mere superin-
tendency over the police. You will also find that the
Department of Public Worship has been joined to that of
the Seals and Justice, still held by M. 11 Irthe. These
changes have been made with a view to M. Dupin's ulti-
mate accession to the Ministry. M. Dupin always aimed
at the Ministry of the Interior, but the King, as well as
those who wish him to take office with them, look upon
the Department of Justice and the Seals as in every re-
spect more suited to him; and as a greater inducement that
he should accept it, its attributes have been added to,
whilst those of the Home Department have been dimi-
nished, that it may appear to him less worthy of his ac-
ceptance.

From this it will appear that the ministerial arrange-
ment which is announced in this day's Moniteur is merely
a temporary cne, and that its fate will have to he deter-
mined by the temper of the Chambers.
It is intended by the present Cabinet to propose M.
Dupin for the Presidency of the Chamber of Deputies.
The result of the election will show to what extent M.
Dupin may he enabled to rely on the support of the
Chamber, especially if M. Laffitte, as is expected, should
likewise offer himself as a candidate for the chair. If Al.
Dupin is elected by a very decided majority, his admission
to the Cabinet will soou follow, and such modifications
will then be made in it as arc most likely to give stability
to the Administration.

Marshal Soult's Presidency, though looked upon with a
jealous eye by all the friends of constitutional government
in this country, is not likely to give that warlike tendency
to the Cabinet which seems to have been anticipated in
some quarters. The Marshal's influence over the political
system of the Government will nor, in fact, increase, and
at all events it can only be of a short duration. He has
been put at the head of the Ministry because it was ne-
cessary to place there some one, in order that the vacancy
of that office might not be made a subject of complaint in
the Chambers, and because the Marshal, being the oldest
member of the Ministry, was resolved to resign rather than
act under the control of any other individual who might
have been preferred for the Premiership. His services in
the presidential chair will probably be of a mere mechanical
nature.

You may rely upon a violent outcry being raised by all
the opposition papers against three of the new appoint-
ments, these of Messrs. Guizot, de Broglie, and
Thiers ; but the difficulty of forming any other " com-
bination" suitable to the present views and wishes of the
King was found to be so great, that had those three dis-
tinguished doctrinaires not been received on their own
terms, it would have been necessary to recompose the
Cabinet with its former material., and to face the Chambers
with the almost certainty of falling into a minority at the
very opening of the session, in voting the address.
At the Bourse the new appointments have, of course,
created a good deal of sensation ; but their announcement
produced rather a favourable effect than otherwise in the
value of public securities, because it set at rest, at least

iY ~~

for the present, the Cabinet question, which had so long
remained in a state of uncertainty and suspense. The
possessing landholders
strength
upon the ' pew Minis' possessing a
character of stiength *lriiii will contriiapt ' aintaining
tranquillity in the country, and they also think hat it will
be looked upon with favour by foreign powers. But the
interested politicians at the Bourse, and the disinterested
enes out of it, are two descriptions of persons whose views
and wishes d•ff,r sometimes very widely. and it would be
hazardous to take the judgment of the former on such an
occasion as the present as a proper criterion of the public
feeling.

Prince Talleyrand left Paris last night for London, after
ascertaining that the new ministerial list hid been defini-
tively arranged. Z.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Thursday afternoon.)
Extraordinary despatches were sent off yesterday from
the office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs to Madrid
London, Vienna, and Berlin. Those to Madrid were in-
trusted to M. Praslin, and those to London to M. Perie-, jun.
