LITERATURE.

SMITH'S WEALTH OF NATIONS. Vol. IL
C. Knight. London. 1835.
We have just seen the second volume of this excel-
of which is embellished with a portrait
the late
celebrated political economist Ricardo. It is
I:14,"
betu in a singularly neat and distinct type, and alto-
es is a cheap and commodious work.

CO WPER'S WORKS. Vol. VIII.
Saunders and Otley. London. 1835.
The present work has now reached the eighth volume,
the whether we regard its extreme beauty of exterior,
fullness and accuracy of its biographical details re-
etecting the poet and his friend Newton, or the careful
arranged, order in which the several poems are
it is unquestionably the completest and
St Valuable edition of the works of the author of the
be
fl'orask" that has ever yet appeared. The volume
lands eus 1q embellished with one of Finden s best
arti cape. engravings, and a portrait, by the same
of 1:18 tif Dr. J. Johnson, Cowper's relative, and one
oldest and most attached friends.

311N°11 MORALS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE,
'ILLUSTRATED IN TALES AND TRAVELS.

BY JOHN BOIVA(NO.
I,Part IL London. Whittaker and 1835.
toes
is it that we have not received. the first part of
tolB little work ? Whence arose this, omission of a duty
tit s' if it was expected that We should notice it ? In
". We arc often puzzled 'to account for the extreme
ti,:e_bence of publishers in matters of this kind. Some-
:t, we receive foul.: or five odd volumes, and the con-
inenee is that they are thrown aside in expectation
teht.he remainder, and never noticed. The volumes so
t— are useless to us, and lost to the publishers ; so
athat it would be doing us a kindness not to send any
tut°, unless it is intended to forward the whole. In
011 re we shall decline noticing any work of which we
4 eze:.,,°t,reecive a perfect and an early copy. Our only
fish enall be made in favour of provincial pub-
orekr; tl3 whom the immediate transmission of new
tc; 0.4 May be inconvenient. All copies of books sent
he
~ur office by London publishers ought to be in our
I,lq en the first day of publication.
e highly approve of the general tone of Mr.
re Wrings "Minor Morals," although we think the infe-
henee;s are often not sufficiently obvious to the compre-
th of children. The tale called " Prudence" is
jett"'Y one in the collection to which we would ob-
Witc-.4 is too metaphysical. Neither do we agree
W Mr. Bowring in his classification of the virtues.
f4tilc'//auld retain at least all those upon which our fore-
, erB bestowed the appellation of " Cardinal." There
,e
venteen very pretty tales in this part of Mr. Bow-
the invenlie instructor. If the first part be equal to
Worksee°ml, we can conscientiously recommend the
of tlt 43 hexcellent addition to the juvenile literature
y e ctr.

TREMORDYN CLIFF. IN 3 POLS.
Br FRANCES TROLLOPE.

London. R. Bentley. 1835.
tellll,S Is one of the most powerful tales that has ap-
a'ed during the season. It matters little what may
cutthe reader's opinion of the plot, incidents, and
_knit the tragic
,urtracters-40 many all may appear objectionable ;
first dozen interest awakened by the perusal of the
pages the first volume, will not cease to
tube felt before tl,,e conclusion of the third. It would
vztzhl e a
ore
to discover the moral inculcated
fietion—if indeed the inculcation of any formed
.oi""ini design of the( fair authoress. The crime
tit lye heroine is ambition ; but it developes itself so
vet and Operates so unnaturally, that though we are
1
far from entertaining exalted views of the per-
tability of human natur
that they
e, yet are we of opinion
for?there does not exist an individual to whom her
Would Convey a necessary moral lesson. What,
thq 4;_tance, can be more improbable, keeping within
thl. uuunds of possibility, than that a child of
iken years of age should be so smitten with
,th girtv of rank, as to meditate self-destruction or;
se. h of
a brother by whom she is disinherited .
111:hat more improbable still than that she should vow
vet, death Of that brother—nightly renew that dark
r—sand Yet for seventeen years cherish him with
ponee than a sister's fondness ? Lady Augusta Dela-
eve i 3 throughout a moral monster, such as no woman
4: 4'as or
could be under such circumstances. There
j~ordTremordyn's
14thing whatever original in the conception of young
marriage and death ; and as to the
zquent
affair of the certificate, it is abotrt as novel as the idea
te a haunted castle or a churchyard ghost. The sub-
conduct of Catherine Maxwell, then Lady
have emordy„
, with respect to Arundel, proves her to
been a very worthless woman. Such was the
real char
with which we traced the development of her
sebarapt
that we could not help regretting the
or~aadful occurrence which left her without an enemy,
e ccaupetitor for the honours of a noble house.
aond ;neither is not more amiable than the daughter,
i 8 Imp° hough Elizabeth Murray is a superior person, it
her With ble not to feel that the authoress has drawn
a
ornan.lTlOrc of the real characteristics of a man than
The
fill
clu conclusion to which we have come, on a care-
-I)sarl of these volumes, is that Mrs. Trollope is

much better acquainted with the real chaiaciel• of our
sex, than she is with the- genuine tie Weliligs, and
impulses of her own, Whin coarseness about the
nli"(18.4 all ter women, which is very ciispleaSina.
.of
Arundel is perhaps 'AM ; pro-
bably because we ~.qtly tAtch a glimpse of the drapery
of th,: Nevertheless, the. " Tale of Tremor-
dyn Cliff " is the most powerful 00;9.11 *c have read
for a long time, and will Certainly be very popular.
The followilla ''::tract will convey a tolerably correct
idea nc. the heroine's nightly seli!otinies
" Lord Tremerdr.l.li'Zalhed his last about an hour before
midnights yoking heir had nkendy 1-etired to rest, and
sleet tntaly, unconscious Of the title and honours that would
salute his vvakin;o hiS sister before she retired to her
anxious thkritha, visited for one solemn motkieht OR bed of
dertfk Saw with approving eyes tiktk,t tht; 'steward of the houc.c.
hold superintended tl..e I.)lneing wax-tapers in goodly array
around it, and th'etl, forbidding all attendance, rtei-ed lier so-
litary and tetnnte apartments, where, 14%0.11;g herself in, she
rot way to such a tumult of iarring passions as shook her
whole frame.

" The last It'aglt days of a stormy November he'd l'eh every
bough artd branch of the huge oak trett beneath her turret
windows, bare, and the blast Witd amongst them fearfully,
swinging their fantastic twistitts to and fro, till they creaked
against each other In hsncs that seemed to toimir. tonic living
sound of evil omen. Lady Augusta eat b!s',lslde her fire, listen-
ing to the voice of the tempest rvithoUt, and to the beatings of
her own heart within. till she ahuddered, with a strange mix=
ture of woman's tveaktiP.ss, at herself, and at but liWn dark
thoughts, All the sterner purposes, thst ram time to time
had rniked themselves in her seatt Meditations, seemed now
to crowd like imps of darkreess round her heart, and urge her,
by one desperate efi'cYt, to reach her goal at once,, dlie threw
her arms on the table before her, and ttsting her head upon
them, she out the light, and twity untoward object, while
fixing all the powers of het Itind upon her present situatiodi
1' She meditated deeply upon what she was) and What she
might be,
" In this state she continued tbr above an hour, and then,
raising her bead, and *Baking back the dark locks that fell
dishevelled over. litt face and bosom,- she took her journal from
its secret recess, and wrote.
" November 26th, twa o'clock, A. NI. —My history
furnishes a severe lert.t.l Iltion bunion confidence in human
strength. I have decided upon a line of conduct, but have
vacillated, wavered, doubted, and failed. t, Augusta Dela-
portc, whose religion is the werstitp b`f power, and whose piety
can only show itself in festering the faculties received from
God, till they cus.blc the to emulate on earth his majesty and
dominion in heaven !... Yet I have failed. I have bowed
and bent my lofty head before a phantoni—which by men is
called 'mercy, but by angels vvealttless. How easily, while he
was yet in puling infancy, could I have helped the feeble spirit
to pass, and sink Way, into the rest it seemed to pine for ! '
But, as if Aril/tiling were infectious, I watched them prop his
weakness day by day, contented to perceive it was weakness
still, and fondly hoping nature would do my work. It was
my work—l was hotind by a solemn promise to my own soul
to recover what he had snatched from me—or to perish. The
deep sea and the wide vault of heaven heard the vow ; and had
I not felt, or fancied within my young bosom, the power to
keep it, I would, at the awful moment it was made, have
sprung from the friendly height, and sought eternal rest in the
white-crested wave that rose nt its foot to meet me. And I
will keep it, though like a shrinking coward I have turned
from the short, bold path that led direct to its accomplishment
But art and skill shall yet regain what cowardice has lost
I cannot touch his 1ife......at least not now—not here.
" He is, then, Earl of Tremordyn, and I am still Augusta
Delaporte I The thought. is poison to the sweet blood of
life, but not without its antidote. He is too fragile to live
long,—and he loves so well to breathe away his soul upon his
flute (it is the only music that I ever loved to hear !) that I
have but to seek some youthful shepherdess to doat upon its
sound, and like a swan, the boy will pipe himself to death.
But never shall another child snatch the coronet from my
brow—never, by heaven ! Here I make the vow—the strange,
wild blast shall echo it—if neither time nor place' shall make
themselves, I will make both I will not vow to kill him--
that is not now, I think, within my power—but Ido vow, and
strictly will I keep it, that never child of his shall wear the
hor.ours that now hang loosely on him, like a stolen garment ;
and also will I vow, that I will die Countess of Tremordyn,
though I should live such, but one poor hour.. This page is
record of my oath, and if I keep it not, may my bones lie un-
honoured, far from my father's tomb, and neither brass nor
marble tell that I have ever lived."

Mr. Beaumont, the wealthy M.P. for the county of
Northumberland, gave his farewell dinner, at his house in
Grosvenor-place, on Thursday, previously to his departure
for the north. Mr. Beaumont's lead mines, in the comp.
tics of Northumberland and Durham, are at present most
prosperous ; and from the current price of lead it is said
they yield a clear revenue of sixty thousand pounds per an-
num. This is in addition to Mr. Beaumont's vast free-
hold estates in Yorkshire and elsewhere.
MR. O'CoNNEr.r..---An invitation has been sent to
invite Mr. O'Connell to accept a public dinner in this city.
It is fully expected that he will accept the invitation, and
that he will be here about the latter end of next week. Mr.
James, of Barrock-lodge (formerly M.P. for this city), has
consented to take the chair ; and we cannot doubt, from
the great interest which has been already excited, but it
will be one of the most numerously attended dinners ever
seen in Carlisle.—Carlisk Journal.

HAMILTON, SEPT. 12.—The Marquis of Dou-
glas and Clydesdale, after an absence of two years, arrived
at Hamilton Palace last night. Immediately on his arrival,
which was announced by the firing of cannon at Chatlehe-
rault, the bells of the town were, by direction of the magis-
trates, set a ringing.

On Monday last the Rev. Dr. Mayor, Vicar of
Woodstock, was elected Mayor of that borough for the
tenth time.—Orford Herald.
Mr. Truebody of Gloucester, whose melancholy
death from a fall, was stated in our last, was buried by the
side of sixteen of his children by one wife. He has left
five children living.
NATURAL CRITICISM.—I always listen with plea-
sure to the remarks made by country-people on the habits
of animals. A countryman was shown Gainsborough's cele-
brated picture of the pigs. "To be sure," said he, " they
be deadly like pigs ; but there is one fault—nobody ever
saw three pigs feeding together, but what one on 'em had a
foot in the trough."—Jesse's Gleanings.
THE SCHOOLMASTER ABROAD.—The following
specimen of orthography was actually sent by the overseer
of a parish not many miles from Durham to one of the
parishioners :—" May 6.—Thes is to giv Notce that Ther
will be a Paredge meters On wedensda night at Willim
—s to Satel the Bokes and to mak Som alter ashens in
the Pour Rats."

ORANGEISM IN THE ARMY.-Major Anderson,
50th Regiment, destroyed the warrant of an Orange Lodge
in that corps in 1830. There were seventy-three members
in the 17th Regiment, at New South Wales, last January.
—Dublin Morning Register.
Owing to contrary winds and strong weather, there
are nearly 400 sail of vessels in Penarth and the Mumbles
Roads.

An active canvass is already going on in Liverpool
for seats in the new council.
The Commercial Bank of En,ffland, established a
few months ago in Waterhouse-street, Halifax, has now
suspended its operations for want of public support.—Leeds
Mercury.
The New York banks have given notice that here-
after they will charge discount at the rate of 7 per cent.
on paper which has more than 60 days to run before ma-
turity.

SHOOTING EXTRAORDINA RY.=—Lord Suffield and
Lord Gardner killed at Gunton Park, on the 16th instant,
69 brace of patridges ; on the 17th, 113 brace ; and on
the 18th, 100 brace, besides hares and rabbits, making in
all 282 brace by two guns in three days, which, added to
their never beginning before 12 o'clock, makes it for the time
one of the most extraordinary performances on record.

ANGLING EXTRAORDINARY.-- A few days ago a
brother of the " hook and line," in the neighbourhood of
Little Dunkeld, when angling with fly on the river Braan,
and keenly intent on the " glorious nibbles" he was receiv-
ing, was much surprised to feel, when in the act of throw-
ing his line overhead, a strong resistance in the airy element.
On looking round he was astonished beyond measure to find
that a house swallow was attached to his line. The poor
creature was, of course, easily pulled down from the airy
regions, and on examination it was found that the hook was
securely fixed by the side of its beak—from which circum-
stance there cannot be the shadow of a doubt but the
swallow had mistaken the artificial fly for a natural one.
The angler very humanely after extracting the hook, let go
the insnared without injury, and betook himself to his
former more substantial though not more interesting sport.
—Perthshire Courier.

EATING FAST.—The habit of eating fast and care-
lessly is supposed to have paralized Napoleon on two of the
most critical occasions of his life—the battles of Borodii.o
and Leipsic, which he might have converted into decisive
and influential victories, by pushing his advantages as he
was wont. On each of these occasions he is known to have
been suffering from indigestion. On the third day of
Dresden, too, the German novelist Hoffman, who was pre-
sent in the town, asserts that the Emperor would have done
much more than he did, but for the effects of a shoulder of
mutton stuffed with onions.— Mirror.

AN ' OLD ENGLISH GENTLEMAN.—Mr. Fos
Lane died in 1825, leaving his very extensive estates strictly
entailed upon his eldest son, George Lane Fox, Esq., of
Brambam-park, their present possessor ; and devising
300,0001., first to his widow, and then to his younger chil-
dren, in addition to their marriage settlements. He was a
gentleman so highly respected in the county of York, where
he resided with princely hospitality, that during his last
illness the newspapers were stopped to announce his state

Ttup SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1835.

of hearth. he dyed iipon habits of intimacy with his late
Majesty, who, when Prince of Wales, frequently sojourned
at Bramham on hunting parties. There is still preserved
at Brambam a correSponcletice betven Mr.. Pitt ;and ,Mr.
oaq td 44;
ley Peerage, an Mr. Pox Lane replies, that "he being
one of the very few old English families—a commoner (not
a trader) pf high birth. and fortune, piqued himself upon
that." ;.y
b);;:iiic;YeA
MR. O'CONNELL.—At an adjourned meeting of
the Letter-press Printers of Glasgow, held last Wednesday,
an address to the Liberator was agreed to. A soiree was
to be given by the trades in the Bazaar yesterday. The
grand dinner is to take place td-day,
TIIE LATE FIRE IST NEW YORK.—The com-
mittee appointed to investigate the origin of the late fire in
Fulton-street haVd reriorted it as their opinion, that the
fire Was the *brit of doip, and tecornmend the Mayor to
offer r!Tward for the detection of the incendiary:
The Siini Cif one million three hundred thousand
dollars has been subscribed to the stock of the Massa-
chusetts Western Rail Road. The capital when complete
will be two

.4
-1
he Weather has lately been very unfavourable for
getting in the harvest, about one-third of which is yet out.
Frequent and heaq showers have prevailed; and the dry
witicl4 are cOMMon at this season have been Wanting
but every favourable moment is seized for securing the re-
mainder of the crop:--Kelso Mail.
A wOrhali teamed Willis, the Wife Of the keeper of
a thatidter;§ sbeli ill White Conduit-fields; having corns in,
to the unexpected possession of considerable property, Was
so excited by, the sudden turn of fortune that she was
thro*ii Vito a high state of fever; and died on Friday night.
A tiftiiiittttitee took plate on the Stook Exehtin loge
on Saturday morning, which excited a great deal of in.
terest among the members; and may probably be a warning
tie Mere Sptettlatt?ts in the Foreign Funds, who when the
Bard turns up against them, desert their clients. It was
the public postity, of four parties, who have hitherto moved
in respectable or fashionable circles, for not yet having paid
their differences to their broker's.
UNsTAMPED .NBVV'sPAPMItS.--All immense num-
ber are circulated iii the tOWn of oravoiond, A weekly tin=
stamped newspaper is also regularly published in the town;
mid has a large eifeUlation through the means of known
agents, who carry on their business in the roost open man-
ner, and do not attempt the least concealment. The autho-
rities do net take any steps in the business, although the
papers arc regularly exposed for sale.

-
The public eye will not be much longer ofVencled
by the disgraceful appearance of the ground adjoining the
Ladye Chttpel'of St. Saviour's, Southwark, Mr. Weston
having, with the aid of Messrs. Barclay, Perkins, and Co.,
Messrs. Potts and Co., and several of the inhabitants, suc-
ceeded in raising by voluntary subscription a sum sufficient
to inclose it.

PRESENTATION OF A ifial,fEtt SASE

TO MR. O'CONNELL, AND SOIREE.

• EDINBURGH, SATURDAY.
A rtleding Was Oda day held) at a very short notice, in
the News Room of the Waietloo Hotel, for the purpose of
presenting to Mr. O'Connell a silver vase, at u tribute
from the United Irishmen of Edinburgh, in admiration of
a:,a;,..4-oishcd services which the Hon. and Learned
. ,
iia3/41 rendered to of civil and religious
liberty. MAW., hag-past one Mr. O'Connet; er.!ered, and
was received with loud eigkirs, Silence having been oti-
tained, the President of the Society rose, and, after a few
prefatory Temarks, proceeded to read an address which
had been ai•ai;,ll np by the Society for the occasion. The
address, which was exceeEizlY well written, was very com-
plimentary, and dwelt with great
-'force upon the judi:
Claus conduct of Mr. O'Connell during the "st Session,
observing, that lie had forgotten Ireland for a season, in
order that the common cause of liberty over the three
kingdoms might be secured a more certain triumph. The
President having concluded, preaeated the cup and the ad-
dress into Mr. O'Connell's hands amid loud eliceriCg. The
ctip Was of very handsome workmanship, weighing fifty
ounces, of the fade of 301. The lid was surmounted by
a plain old Irish harp, and on one of the sides was the fol-
lowing inscription, surrounded by wreaths of shamrocks :-
1* Preaented by the United Irishmen of tditibutgh to D.
O'Connell, Esq., M.P., the Liberator of Ireland, and the
friend of man, in testimony of their attachment td him,
and to the principles of his public life, and in grateful ac-
knowledgment of those exertions by which they, in common
with the Irish nation, have been restored to civil and reli-
gious liberty."
, The cheering having subsided,
Mr. O'CONNELL rose, and spoke to the following effect :
—lt may appear strange, that at such a meeting as this,
and in reply to such an address, I should begin with a
complaint. Yet I do, for in that address it is stated that I
forgot Ireland for a moment. Now, I never did. No
nitottient of my life have the wrongs of Ireland gone out of
mind.--(Cheem) Front the period of my earliest infancy
to the " sear and yeilovt leaf" of life, the thought of Ireland
has been ever with rric i het wrongs, her sufferings, her
rights, have been the constant fhente of every wish and as-
piration of' my heart. She has ever titan icy waking dream
by day, and my sleep by night, A specks of policy may
have induced you to suppose that, engrossed with other ob-
jects, I had forgot Ireland for a moment ; but oh !believe
a
me, that the thought of Ireland, the good of Lreland.,
never ceased to occupy my mind every day and every 1,:.:111r
and has uniformly been the prevailing motive of my con-
duct. He who has to assail the wild beast of the forest,
advances not direct against the monster, for if he do he
perishes in the contest. If there be not a using of
stratagem, in order to obtain the object, the monster
of‘despotistni as in England, with one hundred and seventy
heads and no heart —4Tremendous cheering)—will be
certain to lay hittl lifostrate: My present policy is to cir-
cumvent that monster ; to him not unawares but with
the strongest collection of force Oil every side that I can ;
and if I appear for a moment to forget the immediate cause
of Ireland, I only enhance the triumph of that country by
ensuring advantage to England, freedom to Scotland, and
blessings to Ireland.—(Cheers.) The dottioton interest of
all ought to be the language of patriotism—the universality
of the benefit ought to be the stimulant of the men who
work fearlessly for the public—and the spirit of universal
benevolence and affection, and that which the charity of
our common Christianity, and the dictates of the God who
shall judge us all, imprint on the human mind as the first of
his commandments, But when I was born the riath'es of
Ireland—the descendants of the chiefs of old—were marked
with the brand of slavery and degradation, and the Roman
Catholic was only allowed to breathe and to labour in his
native land. I could not endure that we should be stig-
matized for conscience and Our country's sake. I early re-
gistered a vow in Heaven that I should never submit to it—
and a beginning to withstand it was made with a few, the
fiftieth part of the number present in this room—and by in-
cessant energy and perpetual agitation, and a righteous
cause, I did make Ireland combine, and the voice of seven
millions burst forth, like the thunder of the Heavens, and
affrighted the inmost souls of Peel and Wellington.--(lm-
mense cheering.) But remember how it was achieved. It
was not on any narrow or sectarian principle. I think
my own religion the best or I would not adhere to it ;
but I respect the sincerity of every other man's religi-
ous professions, and I esteem man only according to the
measure of the strength, sense, and religious impres-
sion of his mind, whatever be the form of faith which his con-
science dictates.—(Oreat cheering.) The principle which
I assert is the universal right of freedom and of conscience.
Religion ought to exist only between man and his God,
and no fellow-mortal has a right blasphemously to interfere
between the created and the Creator, whose name be for
ever blessed ! The first step we Catholics took, was suc-
cessful in obtaining for the Protestant Dissenters- in England
an admission into the Constitution, befiqe we opened the
doors for ourselves. And when we succeeded after-
wards, we succeeded after asserting our principles for others ;
and we came in free from the taunt of bigotted attachment
to our own faith, although our sincerity was undoubted.—
(Cheering.) But how, my countrymen, did we achieve
this ? Was it by violence ? No. Was it by turbulence ?
No, S%'as it by stimulating to crime, or appealing to force ?
No. Did we shed one drop of human blood? No. Did
we even create one single pang Of pain, except in the minds
of the bigots who ought to be a little vexed ?Laughter.)
No. I appealed to the people of Ireland, and told them
that an obedience to the laws was their strength—that ill&
gal acts would tarnish their cause, and give power over them
to their enemies. I told them that secret societies and ille-
gal oaths are crimes most prevalent, which in some degree,
however, may be palliated in a country where justice u as a
name, and mercy a mockery—(Great cheering)—but
that they were the more criminal for entering into
such combinations, because by doing so they afforded
better opportunity for the enemy to traffic in the blood
of their deluded victims. -- (Loud cheering.) Secret
and illegal societies I banished everywhere, and when-
ever I address my countrymen, I condemn them emphati-
cally. When any man belongs to an illegal society, he
puts himself in the power of every individual who may steal
into it. The informer has only to accuse any person in
that society to any extent of criminalty he pleases, and the
accused is without a witness, but if he produces one who is
able to swear to the contrary, the moment that witness ap-
pears he is accused as co-guilty of the same secrecy, and
thus a secret society delivers up its members bound hand
and foot, to the audacity and avarice of the blood-stained
informers.—(Loud cheers.) I succeeded in Ireland in put-
ting them down. I appealed not to the malevolent spirit
of thousands who were ready to engage in warfare, in battle
and violence ; but I appealed to fathers who were affec-
tionate and attentive to their children---I appealed to bro-
thers who loved and took care of their sisters-4 appealed
to the sons who revered their aged mothers, and the mo-
ral worth of Ireland rallied around me. England, Scotland,
and Ireland are making great progress, because they are
making it peaceably and constitutionally. Englishmen are
ameliorating their condition as they improve the arts and
sciences, not by idle experiment, but in the sober steps of
rationality ; and they are looking forward to the gradual
improvement of their institutions. The sensible people of
Scotland are imitating them, and the ardour and enthu-
siasm of the Irish mind is softening down into a steady
pursuit of the same object. My efforts now are to lessen the
burdens of the British people ; to direct the stream of taxa-
tion into its proper channel, and take away the burdens from
the working classes, to take away taxation from la-
bour and from the commodities that are necessary to life, as
well as from the beings that produce them, and place it
solely on property. Until that period shall arrive the coun-
try will not be in a flourishing condition,—until this country,
like America, be free from taxation,—until we can hail the
day when taxation is at an end, and the national debt ex-
tinguished for ever.—(Cheering.) In the meantime, to re-
vive the thoughts of the green land of my birth, I shall soon
display this cup to my grandchildren, clustering around me,
and as they admire its workmanship and the purity of its
materials, they will have one lesson more to teach them of
what inestimable value it is to the humblest talent and the
lowest of human beings, to be always honest and always
energetic.—(Cheering.) If I have a protestation to make
it is this--that I cannot love Ireland more than I do at
this moment. I never lay my head on my pillow at night
without thinking that I might haN e done more to forward
her cause during the day, and I never rise at morn without
aspirations to Providence for her liberty and her hapPne
I then-meditate how during the day I can do most good to
the loved land of my birth, and here am I now labour-
ing in that very vocation.—(Cheers.) You cheer me—my
labours afford you satisfaction, for I do my best to serve
your country and mine.—(Cheers.) If to-morrow I should
sink into the grave, there could this be said of me, that I left
my country better than I found her at my birth.—( Loud
cheers.) The snow of sixty winters have passed on my head,
but
my heart is as young as when I first entered life—
(Cheers)—and my spirit as untired, and I am afraid that
you will think that even my tongue is as untired as my
spirit.—(Cheers and laughter.) But there is one animat-
ing thought, and that is to free our common Christianity
from the stain of persecution—to preach to all sects and
persuasions the doctrine of mutual feeling and affection, and
_t? proclaim to every Christian that he never can convince
hlsneighbour of error by calumniating or persecuting him ;
and
that form of Christian faith must be the best that leads
most to the practice of charity, which conduces most to hu-
man affection, and to acts of human kindness, and to the good
of every class, colour, creed, and order.—(Loud cheers.) I
thank
you sincerely for this splendid token of your approba-
tion and regard. I shall treasure it with Agrateful recollec-
tion of your love. It shall always bring to‘ my recollection
the scenes which I have witnessed since I came into Scot-
, land, and I call on my countrymen to show thek gratitiale

FATAL SEA-SICKNESS.—During the furious storm
on Friday, a lady on board a steamer proceeding to Margate,
of a delicate constitution, became extremely sea-sick, and
from violent retching burst a blood-vessel, which caused
her death.

CRIEFF.—The body of an English gentleman, who
had been on a tour to tins part of the country, was found
last week in Loch Earn, near its eastern extremity. His
portmanteau he had left. at the inn at Comrie, which he
left to visit the Loch one day, and did not return. The
deceased was genteelly dressed, but only threepence was
found in his pockets, and no clue was found to his name or
address, or to the cause of his death, whether accidental or
premeditated.—Edinburgh Evening Courant.
A few days ago, a man residing at Birtles, Cheshire,
was so affected at the discovery that he had been drinking
water from a rivulet where a dead pig was found in a state
of putrefaction, as to break an internal blood vessel from
the violent vomiting which ensued.—Wolverhampton
Chronicle.

Movements of a riotous tendency have manifested
themselves at Burlington, N. J. According to a paragraph
in the Philadelphia Inquirer, it appears that a coloured
man, who is known as a porter, in attendance upon the
steam-boats, had rendered himself so obnoxious to a portion
of the inhabitants of that place, that they determined to
expel him from the city. In pursuance of this intention, a
collection of persons assembled before the house of a co-
loured man, supposing it to be that in which the porter
above-mentioned resided. They proceeded to throw stones
at the windows, and manifest other feelings of hostility,
when the occupant of the house seized a musket and fired
upon the assailants. One man received several buckshot
in his shoulder, and two others were slightly injured. Here
the contest terminated, for the time at least ; and the per-
son who discharged the gun was subsequently arrested and
conveyed to Mount Holly Jail.—American Paper.
JUDGMENT.—On the 29th ult. a man employed in
a manufactory at Birmingham, was charged with some mis-
conduct, which he denied, and called God to witness that
he wished he might be struck deaf, dumb, and blind if he
had done it. No sooner had the words escaped his lips,
than his wish was granted—he was struck deaf, dumb, and
blind ; and in this state he remained until the following
day, when he expired
THE SHOOTING SEASON.—Brief as has been the
period since the commencement of the shooting season,
numerous are the accidents which have already occurred,
through want of caution, in carrying and using loaded guns.
In addition to two very serious ones, by which two indivi-
duals have had to submit to the amputation of their arms,
our columns this day also record the melancholy death of
John Wordsworth, Esq., of Milnes Bridge, a gentleman
universally respected.—York Herald.

FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday last, at Hythe,
King, Esq.. on returning from a day's shooting, handed
his gun to a servant to discharge it, when the poor fellow,
having placed it to his shoulder, the piece burst, and lite-
rally blew out his brains.—Dover Chronicle.
The proprietors of fiacres and cabriolets in Paris
have unanimously agreed to fix the fare for each drive of
a fiacre at one fr., and that of a cabriolet at 15 sous. The
cabriolets de regie will charge one fr. The fare by the
hour will not be changed. The proprietors have applied
to the Prefect of the Police for the ratification of their
tarif, and at his requisition have consented in writing that
no increase shall be made in the charges until the year
1845. The new fares will be charged from the Ist of
October.

BRUTAL ATTACK.—On Tuesday night last, a
carman, named Timothy Hickey, when on his way from
this town to Carrick, was attacked near Balladine by an-
other carman of the name of Daniel Connery, who beat him
in a very severe manner with stones, and stabbed him in
both arms with a knife. The attack resulted from an old
pique, Hickey having prosecuted him about twelve months
previously for a similar attack. Connery has absconded.—
Clonniel Advertiser.

Yesterday, Sarah Meyers, who it will be recollected
attempted to poison herself, was brought before Mr. Be-
net, at Hatton-garden, by Sergeant Campbell, of the E
division, on her discharge from the North London Hospital,
when several persons acquainted with her attended. Mr.
Benet said that he had seen her mother, and he regretted
that she refused to take her back in- consequence of the
irregularity of her conduct. It was stated that her mother
received 931. a-year frOm the property to which the girl
would eventually be entitled, and that she was entitled to
201. a year. Mr. Benet directed that she should be taken
to Lambeth workhouse, and her case properly investigated.
HORRIBLE AND WANTON MURDER.—The cir-
cumstances under which this most atrocious murder has
been committed, are of such a wanton character, and full of
such innate and fiendish 'brutality, and recklessness of hu-
man life, that one would imagine that we were living
amongst the most uncultivated and wildest parcel of savages
that earth ever bore on its surface. • In fact, the contem-
plation of them is so appalling and dreadful that we shrink
from it with.uttee. abhorrence. The following are the facts
as they have reached us, from a quarter on which the
strictest reliance can be placed—we give the exact words of
our correspondent On Saturday night last, between the
hours of twelve and one o'clock, a large party of armed
miscreants went to the dwelling-house of Mr. Martin Fitz-
gerald, of Jessfield, contiguous to Ballingarry, barony of
Slievardagh, and succeeded in effecting an entrance through
the barn window, where a servant-man was sleeping. They
roused him from his sleep, and ordered him to tie up a
greyhound for them which had been there ; he said he
would rather die than let it go, when one of the savages in-
stantly, and without further provocation, levelled his gun at
the poor fellow and shot him through the heart. The as-
sassins then departed, and left a gun with a screwed bayonet
in the barn after them."—e/onritel Advertiser.
ATTEMPT TO COMMIT HIGHWAY ROBBERY.—
We have not for many years had occasion to record so
daring an outrage, in the neighbourhood of Cheltenham, as
was perpetrated on the evening of Tuesday last, within four
miles of the town, on the Winchcomb Road : when, as Mr.
White was riding homeward two ruffians stopped him, and
demanded his money. He succeeded in keeping his seat,
and struck the villain who held the bridle so violent a blow
across the head and face, with the heavy whip he carried,
that the fellow was stunned and obliged to let go the reins ;
but his companion pulled Mr. White from the saddle, and
the miscreants kicked him in the back brutally, and inflicted
several severe bruises on his person.. He still, however, re-
tained his hold of the bridle ; and the horse, making a vio-
lent plunge forward, dragged him out of their grasp, and to
some distance along the road ; and he thus succeeded in
reaching home in safety, but suffering dreadfully from the
blows he had received in the struggle. He bad, at the
time, a considerable sum of money in his purse, and though
his assailants were most probably aware of the fact, and in-
stigated by the hope of
they were most fortunately disappointed of their booty.-.
Cheltenham, Journal. plunder to the desperate attempt,

towards the worthy and kindly people of this country, who
babe received me tie they have done.—(Great cheering.)
Atnettiggi all rtir acquaintances, wherever the Scottish ac-
cent falls eti Ider ears convey to Scotchmen the grati-
tude of an Irish heart, for the kindness with which
they have received—l cannot call myself the champion—.
hut the person who has struggled for Ireland, and ob-
tained; by the exaggerated
r--( graLtude.of his countrymen the
title of her Lihefator
immense en„.:ring.) Thank them
in the name of Ireland fof their kindness to me, because
in my person is embodied the cause yetit country. Tell
them that the real union of countries rests in The eommtmity
of interests and affections—that they are the &IMI &f union
—which promote natural prosperity and affection, zotodi Nye
never shall suffer a tie so sacred and so sweet, unless in-
evitable necessity compels us to that which we would not
be men if we did not do under circumstances of gigantic
necessity, that which Scotland did when she drew her
sword against the oppressors of conscience and the Scottish
ri.7!izion.—(Great cheering.) We anticipate Scotland, and
will you ioke my pledge that I will, to the utmost, exert
myself for Ireland, and that the interests of Scotland shall
ever be dear to me ? Mr. O'Connell then sat down amid
loud and continued cheering.
A Deputy, who had been sent from now rose and
said—that he had been appointed to the honour of present-
ing Mr. O'Connell an Address from Kelso, which hoped
would show that the South of Scotland equally appreciai.ed
the talents of Ireland's Liberator. He then proceeded to
read the Address, which was of considerable length, and
which set forth, in very eloquent terms, the services which
Mr. O'Connell had rendered to Ireland and to the cause of
Reform, and denouncing the obstacles which had been
thrown in the way of further ameliorations ; and assuring
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman that the people of Scot-
land were resolved to stand by him in his exertions for the
cause of the people. The Address was read amid great
cheering.
After it had been conchided—

Mr. O'CoriNELL shortly addressed the Deputy, and after
stating in glowincr language the attachment which the na-
tion of Scotland had always -shown to the true principles of
liberty, concluded by saying—l will quote the poet of Na-
ture, and of Scotland, when he proclaimed the virtues of
the men of this country, and asked—
" Wha' would be a traitor-knave?

" Wha' would fill a coward's grave?

" VVha' sa base as be a slave
and the response was, he is not to be found in the broad
lands of Scotland.—(Tremendous cheering.)
Mr. O'CONNELL then proceeded to the Calton Conven-
ing-room, a few yards distant, where he was met by the
1 r,:!los Delegates, the Members of the Committee, &c.
About 2i;.? mrsons were present, a number of whom were
ladies. mr: 6Z-zi,nell on his entrance was enthusiastically
cheered.
The Secretary, Mr. 8ia0,4.1i: took the Chair, and shortly
stated that Mr. O'Connell had i:-..'4.)y condescended to ac-
cept the invitation ; that there had bee:: no time for prepa-
ration : but he was sure their illustrious guestwould not
their.
be the less pleased with the spontaneous expressimi oi..
feelings. He called upon them to fill their glasses to " Mt':
health of Mr. O'Connell." _ _

Drank with three times three, Dr. Brown giving the
honours after the Gaelic fashion, which called forth loud
cheers.

V.
Mr. O'CONNELL then rose, and after alluding to the
Gaelic laLlEuage which' Dr. Brown had used, said, your
worthy chairni3n used one word for which, if I dared, I
would reprove him. He talked of my condescension. Con-
descension is a word for grandees and titled dignitaries, but
a fellowship of spirit and of action are the terms to be used to
one of yourselves, whose order is the order of the people, and
whose prime boast is that he is an operative in the cause of
freedom.—(Cheers.) It is you who condescend, and I
who accept with ample gratitude that manifestation of your
spirit and your determination, that the great British empire
shall be free from every stain of corruption ; and that the
rust of aristocratic dominion be wiped from off your escut-
cheon, and man, who is " a man for a' that," shall have
no master but the law, and nothing to check him in his pro-
gress to liberty, and in the acquirement of good and cheap
government. I have seen the 2atural beauties which sur-
round your city, and admire the to„ce of nature, and the
handiwork of " nature's God." I have seen the brave and
resolute men who belong to it, and the lovely women ; and
I rejoice that I have struggled so long ite the cause of
human liberty, as it has given me a fellowship dcompa-
nionship with you all. To the Trades of EdinbthZth my
thanks are due. They have proved themselves what the
operative classes in this country are every day proving
themselves to be, the best educated class of society, be-
cause their education is not superficial, but rational ;
and has for its object the improvement of the fa-
culties of the mind, and the rooting out of preju-
dices. Let there be no fighting among friends. If
one be not so warm as another do not quarrel with him, but
let one and all of you, Whigs and Radicals, meet the Tories
face to face.—(Cheering.) We achieved but one good
measure after all this last Session, but that was not our
fault, for the 170 tyrants of the country prevented us from
achieving more. Ancient Athens was degraded for sub-
mitting to 30 tyrants—modern Athens will never allow 170
tyrants to rule over them.—(lmmense cheering.) Their
dominion is short, We have commenced the battle under
the most favourable circumstances, because we have de-
monstrated that the fault of getting so few liberal measures
passed is all theirs. We did every thing to conciliate.
We endeavoured to draw the tooth gently out of the lion—
no, not out of the lion, for he is a noble and generous
animal, but out of a tiger—but we could not succeed, and
the Toriesthave kept their teeth to gnash and grind with,
but they will soon grind them all out.—(Laughter and
cheers.) Mr. O'Connell then alluded to the attacks which
had been made of late upon him in the House of -Lords.
It was stated in one of the Clubs that at one time a dog
had bitten the Bishop, whereupon a Noble Lord, who was
present, said, I will lay any wager that the Bishop began
the quarrel—(Loud laughter)—now, really, the House of
Lords began the quarrel with me. They may treat me as
a mad dog if they please. I won't fight them, but I will
treat them as the Quaker treated the dog which had at-
tacked him—" Heaven forbid," said he, " that I should do
thee the slightest injury, I am a man of peace, and will not
hurt thee ;" but when the dog went away, he cried out,
" Mad dog, mad dog," and all people set upon him.—
(Immense cheering and laughter.) Now, that is my re-
medy with the House of Lords.—(Cheers.) I urn more
honest than the Quaker was, for the dog that attacked me
is really mad. Bills were rejected in the House of Lordi,
simply because Daniel O'Connell supported them ; and I
do say, that if I had any twelve men in a Jury on a ques-
tion of lunacy, I would put it to that Jury to say if such
men were not confirmed madmen.—(Cheers and laughter)
So you perceive the dog is really mad, and accordingy,l have
started on this mission to rouse the public mind to the
necessity of reforming the House of Lords, and I have
30,000 cheering me in Manchester, and 100,000 cheering
me in Newcastle, and I heard one simultaneous cry,—
Down with the mads dogs and up with common sense.—
(Cheers and laughter.) The same cryhas resounded through
" Auld Reekie." The Calton Hill and Arthur's Scat
re-echoed with the sound, and all Scotland has expressed
the same determination to use every legitimate effort to re-
, move the House of Lords.—(Great cheering.) Mr. O'Con-
nell then, after a few words, concluded and at down amidst
long continued cheering.
Mr. JAMESON', W. S., and Dr. BROWNE, Advocate,
afterwards addressed the meeting in eloqueot speeches, and
proposed the healtlls of Mrs. O'Connell and the family at
Derrynane, and Mr. SL-41 and the Liberal Members for
Ireland.
Mr. O'CONNELL returned thanks, and immediately after
the Company separated.
Mr. O'Connell was loudly cheered as he entered the
Hotel.

. .
GENEIIAL POST-OFFICE.—AII important and I
highly beneficial alteration in the conveyance 9f letters has
recently been made by the Post Office authorities. Let-
ters to and from ports in Scotland can now be forwarded,
if so directed, by all the regular steam-ships trading
between the metropolis and Dundee, Leith, and Aberdeen.
Each letter from those ports is, on arrival at the General
Post Office here, stamped " London ship letter," and is
only charged the usual postage rate of Bd., thus effecting a
saving to correspondents of6id. on each letter received
from Dundee, and sid. on each letter received from Leith
or Edinburgh, and 74d. on edch letter received from Aber-
deen. In addition to the pecuniary advantage thus
afforded, the privilege conceded is rendered the more im-
portant, from the circumstance that the steam-ships to those
ports almost invariably perform the journey several hours
earlier than the mail overland. For instance, the Dundee,
Perth, and London Shipping Company's magnificent and
powerful steam-ship Dundee, C6mmander Wishart, lately
accomplished the passage from London to Dundee, in 38
hours, whereas the mail takes 53 hours—thus making a
difference of not less than 15 hours in favour of the London
correspondence by steam. We think Government ought
to procure, without delay, better constructed and more
powerful steam-vessels for the transmission of letters to and
from Hamburgh, and other ports on the Continent.
Yesterday morning, the dead body of a poor man,
named Daniel O'Farley, aged about seventy, was found in
Maidenhead Thicket. It appears that he was travelling
on foot to Newport, accompanied by a little boy, who says
that he was sent by the poor old man to Maidenhead on
the previous evening to purchase two-pennyworth of bread,
and that before he could- return it was quite dark, and he
could nowhere find his unfortunate companion. The poor
old man was found among the furze, on the following morn-
ing, quite dead, having, it is supposed, perished from want.
We are happy to find that Mr. Knapp. the kind-hearted
governor of thq Cookham workhouse, has taken charge of
the poor ehibi FRI. the present.—Reading Mereurg.
